I hope you had a wonderful Sunday Mr President
Groovy! Far out! Needo! :-)
the POTUS is to be interviewed by a reality TV judge? What ever happened to DIGNITY within the WH! oh yea..........it's the donald
.@realDonaldTrump 
1/President Trump, I'm being honest because I care: something is very wrong, somehow you & the Presidency do not fit.
2/Please step down before you get in trouble or further trouble, & before the  and world are in further trouble than we already are.
3/There is no shame in resigning; your reputation may be buoyed if you do so quickly & respectfully,
i could tell you the same thing as making a fool of yoirsrlf trrying tgo seem intelligent when clearly your not
Will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews at 9:00 P.M. (Saturday night). Enjoy!...
.@realDonaldTrump
Psalms 62,72,52,
you have carrot skin and your hair is a mop
Fox News is fake media people don't look at fox fake media
lol, what a joke #Putinspuppet
wat?
I'll save you the ride! Know why they wont broadcast Fox in Canada? Lies don't fly there.Your pal Bill knows now. and Sean as well! UR NEXT!
Be a man go one CNN or MSNBC where they can ask your real questions.
Fox News has even turned on u. Sean Hannity is on the way out
She's a shrew you interviews you for ratings. remember when Kellyanne said she needed to shower after appearing for you on TV, using you too
Yes, nothing like the softball questions of fake judge @JudgeJeanine, former wife of convicted criminal.
when you choose to be interviewed by morning talk hosts or  celebrity tv  judges who no longer hold credentials. u cheapen your presidency.
Get on their case!! FBI NSA CIA can't find leaker? Someone is being protected!!!
Whoever leaked info from terror attack to NYTshould be prosecuted to the fullest can't believe intelligence agencies can't find leaker!!
kys
failing Fox you mean? Glad I Don't watch them.
Don't even think that Pence will pardon u because he is also going down. Notre Dame walked out on him-how embarrassing was that.
We got you're back sir
I will be sure to watch President Trump. We love you MAGAMAGA
We are praying for Mr. President.
You are making a big mistake neglecting talk radio, alienating your base to go after people who will blindly hate you no matter what you do.
It was a great interview too!
Fox is a Republican Channel this is known by the whole world! So if you want the real truth you have to watch any of the other channels!
Wouldn't miss it!   I heart Trump
Did not enjoy it. In fact was appalled. You racist fuck.

Eat it
Not a chance in hell...two big 
http://m.me/CosaNosaHitt 
Does Fox still have a staff
Did you remember to send her the approved questions in advance?
The only person proud of being interviewed by a sleazy tabloid. Did you know the world despises you, and sees you as purely entertainment
FOX news is the only media outlet you will allow to interview you. Hmm wonder why

http://6friends.eu/rxqtlgxsr 
you are a good president

I LOVE JUDGE JEANINE !

Faux news?
Why should we watch?  Fox News is biased In favor of you! #fakenews #alternativefacts #theresistance #strongertogether #TrumpRussia
So
Oï - that didn't go so well. She asked some tough and unfair questions!
Good job.
must have been a great interview because I heard nothing about it in the fake news,they never talk about the good things are the good things
It'd be more interesting if it were @JudgeJudy
She's not the Judge the American people want you to be in front of...just sayin'
@jusgejeanine is terrible person who got her show cancelled rightfully
How was that blow job she gave you.have you found a place 4 her yet in your inner circle
She would so let you pee on her.
We did not enjoy. Plz resign Sir.
It was a joke, you two are made for each other.
Using the word "enjoy" for your interview?  Bad choice.
Anyone could tell you were lying to every question she asked you! LOYALITY? Yep! You asked Comey, you said no, but it's a good question.LIAR
Who will she start off the show by firing?  If I were you, Donnie, I would be a little worried. At this point, little Eric would be better.
Will you be announcing your resignation?
How much do you get paid for plugging her show.
Jeannine?  Oh u mean that hysterical borderline B?  Lmao. That B will kiss your butt until it's raw!
Fluff piece nothing more than a campaign ad
Wonderful.  So sorry I missed it.  My favorite type of show. Two crazy people on national TV trying to outlie each other. My bets on on 45.
Nobody "enjoys" watching you interviewed by #FauxNews. Have some dignity & use reputable news orgs who report FACTS
All crooked!
Saw the interview...even she did buy a lot of your crap!  Wow.....
No one cares. Sad!

What a joke.
Enjoy?
Better to call her show Propaganda Tonight!
NOT!!
as @realDonaldTrump, smartest person: somehow you will all just accept that I shamelessly promote television shows like I am Ryan Seacrest.
We love u trump


The Judge contorts her mouth in the same way you do. Definitely have something in common!
#goaway #impeach #witch #ImpeachDonaldTrumpNow #Impeach45 #impeachtrump #notmypresident @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @VP @FLOTUS @IvankaTrump
that was great one, Judge!
Judge Jeanie.  That is real solid journalistic expertise there.
Enjoy????? Hahahahaha
fluff
nobody cares donald
Mueller get those taxes released and we can see how much Trump owes Russia. I can't wait.
The same Judge Jeanine that you helped with ratings a few weeks ago?  *gasp*
AHAHAHAHAHA!!!!
Talk about judges ..u need the best of the best..when it comes to that ban on criminal illegals. They complain about wording.
Nothing like a few softball questions to bolster your ego... 
Lol
Oh, the crazy bitch that was going to run against Hillary for her senate seat and dropped out? 
Cuz it's all about the rating for you guys right? Not being honest not doing your JOB? So glad the country can keep swimming w/o your crap
Im tired of people bashing you. News never showing the good you do. Why doesn't  people realize you've proven that a common made can b Pres?
I DID watch SNL making fun of you though.  Made my night!
NEVER!! I don't watch Faux News!
That's not the last judge you'll see this summer
Fake news!
I bet that was fun!
Not the only judge who will be interviewing you. Enjoy!
Honestly, I really don't care... #dontcare #juststop
I don't watch Fox news. It's fake news.
Get your taxes ready for subpoena from special counsel Robert Mueller
And she tore a hole in your azz! Yesssszz! Goooooo Ms Pirro!
@JudgeJeanine? Isn't she on People's Court? Oh wait. No. Fox News. Same difference.
You couldn't pay me to watch
FAKE NEWS
I contributed and voted for you President Trump,need you to get ur shit together, fire SOBs that are advising you, call me if I can help
The fish rots from the head! Understand why he filed bankruptcy so many times, change campaign managers frequently?? Poor leadership skills!
Yes,  that will be a fair and impartial interview.

STAY strong for AMERICA sir. I gave you my most valuable asset in life to become president. My vote. Please do not let us down.
DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF?
You can only take those fake interviews with that quack job @JudgeJeanine 
Thank you for that , Mr president.
A president on Fox News.
Baby! You finally made the big time
Did you buy stocks in Fox?
Wish someone would ask Where's the outrage to Dems tyranny trying to silence the voice of many Americans  like we're all wrong & they'll win
Enjoy? he sounds like the hostess at Denny's.
even fox news reports on the shananigans you are up to
I am looking forward to seeing you "interviewed" by other legal officials.
Shocker ... that turned out to be a show too!  #sad
IT'S ALL ABOUT RATINGS
His impeachment hearings will REALLY rake in the viewers!
And that's enjoyable why? Suck it trump!
only on Fox news home of the not fake news lmao!  You know they are fake right?
GREAT INTERVIEW.  PLEASE REVOKE PRESS PASSES OF FAKE NEWS TO THE WH
I'll look forward to another ludicrous stream of consciousness from our mentally ill @POTUS
did judge jenine used to be a man?
oooooo!  what an HONOR! hahahahaha
No thanks. We get enough of your delusions and lies every day.
Who? Never heard of her
I BET THOSE COAST GUARD CADETS LAUGHED AT YOU TODAY!
I'm still laughing at your Lester Holt interview!
I would love to see Trumpster also interviewed by Liz Wheeler she like Jeanine is spunky and smart excellent women the way anchors should be
Good call !! You're going a need a lawyer as crazy and stupid as you #JAJAJAA Next stop: Impeachment !!!!
We did best interview ever. Yes we did
Enjoy a traitorous treasonous president who lives a life of utter dishonesty& contempt for the American peoplen our Constitution, & laws NO
Stand fast Mr President, the people who voted for you still stand with you. Fake news machine never rests
