







He wants to keep this!

Thank you Senator McCain! I’m glad you’re enjoying your benefits while the rest of us can’t. #RepealObamacare
#RepealObamacare #MAGA
#RepealObamacare
actually, sweetie, they didn't. Not only are they under ACA, they made sure they'd continue to have it even if it were repealed.
WRONG!!!!!!
Is someone feeling like a loser?
Ever think that maybe it was the whole GOP plan that was a problem and not McCain?
McCain would have replaced Obamacare if the GOP actually had a solution that worked.
And if McCain wasn't under the impression that Russia was leading this country.
You want to replace it with something worse. That is his issue
But back to #PuertoRicoRelief
PUERTO RICO! HELLO?
Support Roy Moore !
#DrainTheSwamp
The man is dying from brain cancer- have you no dignity?
My oh My, what about all the clips showing all your lies?
And we love him for it you W.A.N.K.E.R.
That's why we need more anti-establishment candidates to win! No more #RINOs and more #MAGA !
Except that he understands that you can't just repeal it and replace it with absolute shit, that's un-American.

That's him all talk no action
Your right again Mr President, the great state of Arizona is perfectly in their right to a recall election of the aged mccainiac #RepealACA
My oh my. What a POS - attacking a very ill American Veteran.
Serious question...Do you ever get tired of losing?
Probably no clips of you doing 180's.
It doesn't get any plainer than this!! He is a LIAR & TRAITOR who has insurance he shouldn't have, the kind reserved for Small Businesses!
Great way to get points. Go after an #AmericanHero, who will be dying soon.
You suck!
You're EVIL!
You're a sick and mean guy!
#ImpeachTrump
Because he knows those of us with pre-existing conditions need ACA and repair needs to be bipartisan
You are that dim if you think that's all there is to it.
It is sad
Your a joke I'm telling you have no compassion for the poor and the middle class to say this bill is good! It must be great to be born rich!
Maybe you should have treated this former POW with...say it with me...RESPECT.
He wants to repeal and replace with a better plan.  Graham-Cassidy is a disgrace that's beneath the institution of your office.
Stop tweeting you racist
He's not going to replace O'Care with a program that hurts so many people and leaves them without insurance. Cross the isle Mr President!!!
On another note, take NFL tax dollars away
Release your taxes
Rachel Maddow has his taxes. Go 2 the tape,she told u he mucho money 2 charity. Information there
A true American hero!  You could learn so much from him! But you will continue with your dictator mindset.
Pizzadust and Blackmail Sir , @POTUS
I think I'm gonna start a Robert David Steele greatest hits. #unrig @ThomasBernpaine @GCRNFade2Black @dum_phuk @Cernovich @RogerJStoneJr 
But wait..... that’s not all.. 
The majority of Americans hate you.
you're just mad people like McCain a lot more than they like you.
Should have let the Vietcong keep him.
2...he would know that. But he is just purposefully twisting actions to suit his evil controlling nature & 2 distract from his incompetence!
TRAITOR IS ALL I CAN SAY
Who isn’t all there now?
In my opinion it has nothing to do with his tumor rather McCain is not voting like he said he would souly because of what TRUMP said
Congress will NOT stop nor vote McCain out at this point in his short life for almost repeat ALMOST ANY REASON. Not what i would do but
the truth about McCain  ,
He's no hero.
He is a traitor ....
yes he is , I try to inform as many people as I can  about John McCain ! He is a traitor who sold out his fellow POW's  and cause the death of many
Me to most don't realize he was pardoned by Nixon for war crimes....
If McCain wants bipartisanship, NOTHING stopped him from pulling together his own team of Dem/Rep to make a workable bill. Didn't even try.
Most that have been there more than ten years need to go. We the people should be their term limits.
TRUMP MUST APOLOGIZED TO MCCAIN ON NOT BEING AN AMERICAN HERO, THATS WHY MCCAIN IS TAKING HOSTAGE OF HEALTHCARE ON THE EXPENSE OF AMERICAN
It's a waste of time. That's McCain's excuse but why is he taking money from liberals?!
MCCAIN GOT BEEF FOR TRUMP, IT IS PERSONAL
No doubt about McCain hating Trump. Like Hillary, McCain lost because he was a bad candidate. I held my nose & voted for him. LesserOf2Evils
I did the same. So nice to have a choice I liked in 2016 for a change!
McCain is no hero. He is a traitor
That son of a bich always has been and always will be a traitor
This "man," is no hero, he is part of the Scum in the Swamp
Just another guy who talks out of both sides of his mouth.  Sounds like
our pseudo-patriotic charlatan at the top.
I tried to stick with him but the more I learned the more I am pissed at him, he loves war because he's profiting from it
You can tell it’s almost Halloween ....him and his daughter are dressed up as Republicans !

Sign an EO revoking taxpayer funded health care for Congress!,
#ObamacareForCongress Use executive action to revoke Congress' taxpayer funded health insurance! #RepealObamacare  https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/tell-president-trump-sign-executive-order-revoking-congress-taxpayer-funded-health-insurance … 
I call a " man" who picks on a military veteran , a COWARD, trump !!! Shame on you !!!!!! #TakeAKnee
FAST JOHNNIE aka @SenJohnMcCain IS A #2FACEDLIER 
#VOTEHIMOUT
@MUSSIEPIGROAST @19PHIL51 @PeacefulChrist @perossmeisl @Pudingtane @marylene58
#JohnMcCain hasn't really changed...He's ALWAYS played both sides. He's the party spy. Can't believe he is even still in office. #TermLimits
Like I said many times before, he is just a bitter old man that has nothing but hate for you. This is why his decision are very poorly made.
McCain is a bitter old man.
McCain:

WHY did his fellow POW's nickname him 'Songbird'?
WHY did Nixon pardon him?
WHY did he seal his military records through the court?
Really McCain should be ashamed. He knows he will be dead soon and he is spending his final days sabotaging Trump and screwing American ppl
One would think that he'd have had his "Ebenezer Scrooge/Christmas Carol" moment after having to face his mortality, but nope. No such luck.
All Traitor McCain cares about is himself and/or whatever gets him attention!
McCain defines a politician, he's always been about himself. He wears a false badge of conservatism. Thank you, Pres Trump for being honest.
Thanks for exposing 'Fake Hero' as one of the most in history renown traitor!  God bless u Mr. President!
He should be removed. Cancer deteriorating his bird brain !
Precisely why term limits MUST be put in place - NOW!  
John McCain was a traitor to his comrades in Viet Nam and he's a traitor to the American people. He really has to go.
McCain is a traitor. Unseal his military records, arrest him and put him on trial for treason.
John McCain makes me sick! A Total Hypocrite.
Yeah, McCain couldn't resist the Soros/Clinton payoff. We need a Convention of States to fix this...Please make it happen!
Once a traitor always a liar
McCain is a liar he is worse than Obama! He is a mole in R party! He needs impatient therapy. Fn traitor!
You...Donnie. Look into the mirror. Every description and more. #ImpeachTrump #ResignTrump #NotMyPresident
It only took one vote to stop the process - believe the financial backers of Senators like insurance companies got to them. Sickening
@SenJohnMcCain Why did you LIE? Obstruction! That is all you have left! Hell will be waiting for you b/c you keep telling LIES!
He’s a liberal democrat in Republican clothing.
Or maybe  (horrors!) A MODERATE REPUBLICAN.....something we need more of!
We don’t need Republicans or Democrats. What we need is Honest Patriotic Americans who love and care about our country and all Americans.
McCain is a lying backstabber of the first order. Arizona should be ashamed they voted for this crud.
SONGBIRDS worth MILLIONS!
see his trail
Gee I should have gone into Public Service instead of Nursing it pays soooooo much better But I'm thinking  not as good on judgement day
For that, we'll have to kill the #TinMan.
I'm sure there's a more #prudent & #lucrative solution?

#TheResistance #news #trump
 #StrikeNov8
Fire that SOB!



This isnt the only reason McCain is Treasonous His whole career has been about wrecking the USA and lining his pockets
I signed a petition to remove McCain just tonight on http://Change.com . #RecallMcCain
Thank you, I'll sign it as well. ,
He will be voted out
Nope that's exactly what it is.. Trump achieved something McCain couldn't.. POTUS..
He choose personal animosity over the good of the people.  What a horrible shame!
POW IN Vietnam why did you classify them then classify forever Sen. McCain?
He is a typical pathological liar and a career their hiding behind a Republican label and a political office.  #Fire @SenJohnMcCain
He has something you'll never have,  CLASS!!
You should be ashamed to write this to a wonderful man in his condition I don’t believe you even have a 
By John McCain is only interested in elections he says what he has to get reelected say goodbye to him he's a traitor to his party
#fakeRepublican #RINO
He'll be lucky to live another 6 months, his brain is compromised why is he still able to vote???
Brain damaged LOSER! 
Hey John...you are not very smart..tho you are arrogant...
He is a traitor He will be remembered as a traitor not as a hero
ONE VOTE Johnny aka @SenJohnMcCain. What a pathetically sad and shameful way to be remembered. This will be his legacy.
McCain =
That's akin to what he was saying when he was working with the North Vietnamese...
John McCain is a traitor and a liar!!!
@SenJohnMcCain aka #SourGrapesJohnny pissed because #AlwaysTrump did something he couldn't... become @POTUS ;)
Traitor is Sen McCain, he owes POTUS apology, explanation, and a plan how he plans to redeem  himself. If not we should if he is mentally ok
Just goes to show John McCain is full of shit liar liar pants on fire. But why should we be surprised he's always been full of shit#Resign
@SenJohnMcCain - lying backstabbing traitorous grandstanding SOB! Doesn't deserve to represent the people of the great state of AZ #RESIGN
Fake Republican and needs to retire or hopefully voted out of office.
X
@RealDonaldTrump I DARE you to Retweet This :)
https://twitter.com/peterboykin/status/913836333055037440 …
Let's #MAGA and LAUGH!! You Know It's About Time We Laughed at Them!
Oops Upside Your HeadSo, @HillaryClinton is that #WhatHappened ?! Watch that Step! U Might break a cellphone *Cough*
http://crwd.fr/2yMyrRq 
He's being paid by George Soros look at hus donations.  He's a traitor to his country.  Treason
Traitor!!!! God he needs to be removed from office, quickly
is absolutely correct. John McCain's pants are not just on fire, there is a towering inferno where his buttocks should be.
Mr. President there is GENERATIONAL TREASON in that family. Look up Savo Island & what John's father did there. And his grandfather?.
HE DIDN'T CHANGE ONE WHIT!
THESE WERE FREE PROMISES WHEN HE KNEW THERE WAS NO WAY. HE ALWAYS WAS TOTALLY IN SYNC WITH OBAMA ON EVERYTHING.
Until @SenJohnMcCain votes to #RepealObamacare his legacy will go down as a Failure & Traitor to all who voted for him.
Since he's on his death bed maybe he should consider.
He needs to go home. Time to retire. Traitor.
MCCain is a sad little man who won't be remembered well in history.
Traitor and liar
THIS Puerto Rican voted for you,I was there for Maria,it IS a real tragedy.We are American citizens,don't get confused,we need help,period!
Just talk to be elected ! McCain is a Traitor
McCain always was a turncoat, See;
You lie like a dog.
Who cares what he said ,at least he has a heart and care about ppl
It's called #Wisdom , it happens to some people.
Sen. McCain promised a BETTER healthcare plan, not one that was rammed through without proper congressional procedure.
Pure Jealousy MR President!! McCain time to retire!!! MAGA!!
Leave John McCain alone he is a hero!!!
He should repeal him self.
He is bitter bitter man..
He doesn't care about the people of this country..only cares about stopping @realDonaldTrump .. VERY VERY SAD.
What a loser.
Some people have principles that go beyond party lines and actually care what happens
And to think he changed his mind simply bc of spite!!! What a disgrace!!!!!
-Repeal and replace the Traitorous Songbird McCain!
McCain is a pos.  He did the same thing regarding illegal immigration. Pandered at election time, traitor after he wins.
You are going to look so good in prison garb. I'd be delighted to stand in line and pay whatever the fee just to have a look.
LOL! YOU have got to be kidding! You have changed positions on issues almost every hour! McCain doesn't like GOP changes
Because he, at least, knows when he is wrong and is man enough to admit it. Tramp would repeal it, hurting many Americans & not caring a bit
McCain needs to RETIRE
McCains been on a 60yr crime spree! Then he turns a blind eye for 8 yrs while Obama committed treason on a daily basis! 6 trillion treason$!
McCain is a Joke
Funny! A 5x Draft Dodger calling a hero like McCain names like a scared little girl in a schoolyard. SO SAD !!!
He’s a liar, since he lost the Presidency, has been fighting President Trump, now it seems his trying to control the votes, no Intregrity
Until he turned on the country that prayed for his release as prisoner of war.  Now he turns on his country. A traitor !
Hypocrite.  RINO.  LIAR!  TRAITOR!!!
Your Repubs also take donations from George Soros. If they are your Swamp replace them.
sounds like his own mortality made him see how dangeroys and ANTI AMERICAN the GOP has become! He 8s trying to undo wrongs.
He’s a dying war hero u #DOTARD How’s repeal & replace coming along? How about ISIS? Wall? You’re a loser, a bum & a liar! #impeachTrumpnow
Good for him!  He, unlike you came to his senses. He knows only an actual improvement is acceptable.
RINO!!!
#FakePresident John has learned N 30 yrs.U don't trust a damn thang unless it's N writing! He stood up 4 his people TY-John
You contradict yourself in almost every tweet
I think he is delusional.
Enough !! we had it with you and the Democrats lying to us the last 8 year disaster >>>
Put Congress on the same 'health care' program suffered by their constituents and watch how fast things change! How is it even remotely possible our 'civil servants' have a sweetheart deal unavailable to those they 'serve'.  #OUTRAGE
He always was a liar.
Just another swamp creature performing for the tv-useless on everything except lining HIS own pockets, while WE the people suffer. Shameful
If you listen to McCain you would know that he doesn't mind repeal and replace if you were doing it with something good for the country
It was easy to be for Repeal & Replace when it had zero chance of passage. Now that it would take effect... Rs don't know how to govern!
You do know that McCain voting no on a crap bill and saying it's time to do this RIGHT is a stand of integrity? Nah, nevermind.
That doesn't mean repeal and replace ACA with something horrifying and leaving millions w/o Medical care!
McCain's treasonous behavior continues!
Did u REALLY mock his disability from being tortured? Did your parents teach u that was patriotic or acceptable? If u did it ur despicable
We need someone in the Senate who is not wishey washey, Someone who can stand firm to repeal and replace Obamacare.
SCARY CONNECTIONS TO RUSSIA AND CLINTON AND EVEN NK !!!  NOT a nice combo - mockery & violence !!!  THANK YOU PREZ TRUMP FOR LISTENING TO
Exactly why the people are so sick of politicians! Promise anything until they get elected and then hope the people forget. WE DON'T.
Still attacking an American POW hero!?! You are a traitor to your countrymen.
"Repeal and replace with something terrific" were your words. Three tries and the Repubs have not come close. Time to Fix with Dems.
and now let's review your old tweets Mr. T. 
McCain is a hostile nasty vindictive person . Nobody likes him.
McCain is a jerk he hates conservatives specially our beloved president Trump. I dislike him more than any politician .

@SenJohnMcCain is FULL OF HIMSELF. He is pathetic embodiment of disgraced politician. What Good has he done

Traitor 
Traitor
Traitor
Nuff said
We voters in AZ are ashamed!
Sad that @senjohnmccain is 
Bitter
 perfect example of the pot calling the kettle black,  dude you a joke for real
Never thought @realDonaldTrump win @POTUS. This Asshat would never have to keep his promise @SenJohnMcCain @MeghanMcCain  #termlimits
Man has a serious self esteem problem....poor John !
McCain is a liar and a traitor, in every way.
His skin has gotten so thin that he now uses Windex to wash up!
@SenJohnMcCain will just say what Hillary’s response is all the time, He doesn’t RECALL saying that  and #MAGA
He changed, because he realised the GREAT ERROR it would be to replace and repeal the AFFORDABLE CARE ACT!  Unlike you, you're jealous.
