Electricity Account / Number
Not many Teslas and Chevy Volts saving lives
#MAGA
They should start paying taxes
The electric grid was shot before the hurricane
good job President Trump
great job President Trump!!!!
Democrats ignoring infrustructure putting their citizens in harms way? Like ignoring dams to the point of flooding San Jose CA? @jerrybrown
DO NOT SIGN THE "BI-PARTISAN HEALTH CARE BILL RESTORING THE SUBSIDIES YOU JUST STOPPED OR LOSE MY SUPPORT
You supplying them with covfefe?
I love President Trump. He is always thinking ahead and has improved America since his first day in office. He is making America great again
Are now on island? Really?
PR's power grid is still in better shape than your approval rating
God Bless them all as well as California 
Don't you believe in climate Changing mister president?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ER9Ul_ostZ8 …
You should be ashamed of yourself. Taking wayyyyy too long to get real help to that island.
But have you done a “great job?”
Asking for a friend...
THIS WAS FAKE NEWS THERE WERE ONLY TWO HOSPITALS WITH THEM WHEN DONALDS AND HIS PEOPLE SAID THERE WERE MORE.....LIES AND MORE LIES
#Arrogant #Uncaring #Racist #Tyrannical #Unfair #Sexist #Communist #Greedy #Dishonest #Cynical #Untrustworthy #Explosive #Dangerous #Moron
Trump is doing a great job,
President Trump you have dealt with more disasters than any president since WWII. Keep up the great job!
I think it's great that you, in effect, canceled PR's national debt. PR is so happy you are Prez.  No Clinton Haiti treatment this time.
Moron, stop with reality. Run the country as an American, and listen to your advisors. They are the adults your the child! GROW UP MORON.
Moron supplies may be on site, where are the people to move them?
All you care about is yourself and the fake news you spue out to your fans and base. KEEP LOSING!
And what do you do to help? Oh yeah- toss paper towels at people in a "Spanish Accent" - Mas Puto!!!!!! *American Accent*
This is a man who knows how to handle a crisis unlike Obama
Lack of help 4 PR good way 2 enable homegrown terrorists.Why wld PR nt hate us way DT treating them?Wake up these r Americans who need help.
YOU'VE  DONE VERY LITTLE IF NOT NOTHING TO RESTORE POWER TO PUERTO RICO
Thank you Mr President. But why does people keep still cursing and blaming you?
send in the army Corp of engineers to rebuild it.
Mr. President they r like NOLA bunch if whiners and deadbeats.
So how about making it totally independent from the grid Solar Wind waves make pr great for real
Yo wig is shot too Donny!!!! Lmmfao
Thankful for your leadership!
You have done your best.   Proud you are our President.   Thank you.
THANK YOU SIR
Good
Why you lie so much
Time to think green while rebuilding to help their budget issues also, wind, solar, water, whatever economically works best.
GREAT JOB
Great time to convert the Island to solar!  One small step in the quest to #maga
Mr President your doing the best you can some feel PR is a lost cause
Mr. President as a Puerto Rican I am so embarrassed in way that the mayor of San Juan treated you I thank you for turning the other cheek
#WorstPresidentEver
@Yahya0532745345
 Follow me and i will following back before 24 hours . Plz you all 
Thanks for your help with hurricane victims. God bless you and Mike today in Las Vegas. Assault weapons are for military applications
They need the help!
These are US citizens. They deserve more than paper towels from you!
We are so proud of your efforts to help everyone in Fla,Houston and Puerto R
Thank goodness for the help they are getting from so many.
You dumb shit, took you long enough
Liar!!!!
Thank you so much
Great to hear that
#ImpeachTheDotard

You must declare Martial Law Now Mr. President.
The best way to rebuild the power grid is with solar, just like you wanted for your stupid wall. Less costly in the long run.
Damn you are about 2 weeks late there buddy

u always come through for people. u are too cool. We love u. keep up the good job.
MAKE AMERICA HATE AGAIN THAT YOUR GOAL MAY GOD HAVE MERCY ON YOUR LOST SOUL
we want indepent in kurdistan
Good job Pesident Trump..!!  The people will always be grateful for your hard work..!!
Only 5% of the power grid is working. People are dying because of it. Remember today is them, tomorrow could be USA
11 days after the storm.
True. Watch WIPR TV
Why would your traitor daddy #MikeFlynn want to bomb Americans in Puerto Rico? SICK.... WTF?
Just go away
Which campsite food and water on? Just asking...
Bla Bla No Credibility. Impeach   #RussianSpy. #Grifter
Trump is the “Boy That Cried Wolf!” No one believes what he anymore! Lies, lies, and more lies. Like Disney’s Aesop fable set in Russia. 
keep up the great work President Trump!
Thank you for all you do
Wonderful.  No one will die now that the Don is on it!!!!!
Great!   Our Savior the Don!!
55% of Puerto Rican residents are without water. You suck.
$
Screw that lazy San Juan mayor. Tell her to put on a glove and get in the game.

The electric power grid in District 2 is totally shot. Large numbers of generators are now on the mountain. Food and water on site.
Shawn...why are you retweeting racist potus?
The average puertorrican has no power, no water, no gasoline, cash and food supplies are low. What is going on?!?!?
Something that all that science and technology can't solve. Natural disasters are just bad. Our hearts go out to all the victims.
Good leaders try to unite .  So who are you attacking today?
Which bureaucrat needs to be roasted in the media in order to get relief moving? #HelpPuertoRicoNOW
On site in port, but not within reach of the people.  Would have been better to do air drops instead. Damned poor planning here 10 days late
And where would you land? Perhaps stick to NFL protests
Really now.  Air drops to people below for supplies of all kind take place daily around the world.  This is nothing new.  No sense at all.
Poor maintenance over the years by Puerto Rico! No preparations before the storm!
Not sold on reconstruction. The problem will grow exponentially with sick people. Now is the time for orderly relocating the population.
Better late than never . Your such a great POTUS  always patting yourself on the back .
Where are you my President? Kelly demoting YOUR men? Please for your life's sake fire him, bring back your friends like Bannon and bodyguard
Breaking news the white angry folks in Florida don't want that niggers ojthe juice interstate seen him to Africa Pam bondia said he'll no
Great. Triple the number and it might actually help.
And let the press do the reporting or go work for Fox news
You're a president, you always post these narrative tweets as if the world doesn't already know whats going on. Either do your job ...
It doesn’t help if these items are on the island. You HAVE to get them to the people who need them
Yeah, where are they? Sitting in cargo containers....or are they on the submarines someone said were coming....Bwaaaahaaaa
#trumpskatrina
No it's not.
WITH NO WAY TO DELIVER THEM. jeeze
#liar
Nice good job sar
You don't know what is happening. You don't know how any of this works
Somebody get this whole impeachment business started already. This fool
They should have been there nine days ago. You've been deliberately negligent. Total FAIL. Evil. #PuertoRicans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ER9Ul_ostZ8 …
your doing great job Sir its there crooked politicians ,
From the US Army.
As of Saturday morning..
55% (1.87m people) on Puerto Rico have no drinking water.
95% (3.2m people) are without power.
Why are Puerto Ricans, American citizens, yet they have their flag beside American flag?
President Trump,I think you have done a great job in Texas and Florida. Puerto Rico is different please send a General there to be in charge
Hey Pres. Tell the Mayor to take the wheel and drive a Relief Truck to her people in need!!! Instead of crying for Help that’s all there !!!
This is why they tell hose of us in hurricane prone areas to stock up on 2 weeks of water and food. Prayers to them all
It took you 2 weeks. How long did it take you for Houston and Florida?
This person loves u
EVERYONE ELSE KNEW THIS 5 DAYS AGO, dummy.
Bring @usnavy and hook up a nuclear powered ship to power them up. It's been done before
Hey Trump... don’t let anybody fool ya! Your doing a GREAT job! I never thought anybody could make GWB look like a genius. But you did....
That's great but scince they don't work how can they rebuild??????.
Shameless Nanny states need More than supplies,they need to be spoon fed from a safe space, and told not to worry their little,idiot minds!
Too little, too late, Dude!
Ppl are dying while you're playing golf. Again. The man that accused a REAL POTUS of too much golf has already surpassed his playing time.
Unlike the north east after barrys katrina
Yeah sure. Not nearly enough.
@elonmusk time to bring Tesla energy to Puerto Rico?  @realDonaldTrump can You Team up with @elonmusk and demonstrate how to get it done?
and ours is right behind it & Congress has know about it for decades! Fix ours Mr. President!
No shit Sherlock. When is tee time today? cc: @IvankaTrump
Thanks to Tesla !!
Thank you Mr. President.  You are helping those people and we know this.
Thank you dear President we are so proud of you.
Shouldn't the DHS and FEMA be announcing this...Why are you do desperate to save face...Oh yeah...You were deriding NFL when PR was sinking
On-site, not in the hands of the people yet though.
No thanks to you, Duhnold Duck!
 
Impeach this fucking nightmare of a monster. This Russian puppet. This money-laundering fool. This racist Nazi fuck.
Quit watching lying liberal news!  There is NO proof of Russian involve,ent--except with Hillary and Obama!!!
We the American people Want very much for president trump;\'s TAX REFORM to PASS!
Yeah like a week and a half later. People have died the morgues are over loaded with dead people because of standing or kneeling or golf. 
Now send enough people & equipment to distribute the food & water.
It'll never be enough Mr. President. Losers will still say we did nothing.
Good job now thats what a President does
Get it to the people!
Thanks for the Fox update.
SO SEND AMERICAN MAINLAND REPAIR CREWS.....    SHOULD HAVE STAGED THIS 20 DAYS AGO.  GOOD GOD MAN
DO YOUR JOB
@realDonaldTrump I wish every time u lied u would lose an inch of height. by now all the lies u told ud b so small we could step on u.
You live in a fool's paradise.  Delusional.  Keep patting yourself on the back.  The world sees what a terrible leader you are.
If it's there then send the help needed to disperse it to the people!
So do something instead of tweeting about your nonsense!  You're the WORST POTUS EVER! 
Not enough!  Not even close!
But the can’t access fuel to run them! Big help there..
But is it enough and getting to the people in time to make a difference?
NO AMNESTY. Don't sell us out. #AmnestyDon
So is the grid in your head! Totally & irreparably shot!!

Mr. President outstanding work & leadership on all fronts. Three major disasters on top of everything else from North Korea to Shameful NFL
dope
You do know there are 3 million people there? No water. No food. No gas.
Rebuild with micro solar
 Grids are overrated and passe
Not enough
