Don't mind the liberals. . They are doomed and the world is watching. You are doing a great job, Mr @POTUS
Why aren't the lawyers looking at and using the Federal Court decision in Boston, which is at conflict with ridiculous l...
Because they're too busy studying the impact of America's leading criminal "parody" case. See the documentation at:
Haha you of all people should be talking about conflicts LMFAO      nigga please
Trumps bad words
gýģýýg56 aa76 ,
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @mashable
Mr. President, how come there's so many snowflakes on this site now?
I u
quit tweeting and get to work. Or maybe go golfing again
Why is that? You whole presidency is a conflict of interest w/u're businesses around the world, W/Russian MOB,Putin,Treason
it seems to me if you initiated a Clinton lawsuit most of the sessions stuff would go away quickly.
Have you never had a family member exported from the country? no, then shut up and bloody care about other people sir.
keep up the good work.
Best President ever!
lieber donald du bist der beste
People who say they believe in God do not try to destroy the earth. It's not yours, you just live here.
It's obvious you do not believe in God. The earth is his divine creation and you want to spoil it.
What is your Court Approved Justification for withholding Federal Funds to Sanctuary Cities? Just the facts.
why are you still  crying  about it?
@POTUS I think your a great President
@POTUS. I think the travel ban needs to be back. Plus you need to bring ICE to come on the east side in Michigan.
states rights
I don't know, @MargotBirckhead
One word:  FEAR.  Fear of reprisal  (remember Vince Foster).
when will this craziness stop? As soon as the left realizes that he is cleaning up the swamp
"sir"  YOU are the conflict , just resign now and save yourself the horrible embarrassment of being removed from office
We all appreciate you earnest efforts to fulfill the campaign promises.  Don't let the bas...ds grind you down !
@POTUS 
Good question... 
Something fishy... 
Playing politics with the country's safety..
lawyers tend to work by the hour.
#fakenewsfakepresident
Why indeed? Liberal teachers, maybe?
God bless you sir!
We love you president Trump! Keep doing what you are doing! Just know that we  (your core base) support you in every way!
I was impressed at your media conference today
why are you such a liar? You are a traitor. You should be locked up. Liar!!
This is not even true. READ THE REPORTS. Dont' just look at headlines.
I have nooo words for you trump.. actually I have a lot but twitter is not the place for a president to be !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@POTUS Write a New Order and lay out a plan to dismantle the 9th circuit.
they might look at it, but if it isn't correct, then you have to go with Washington state which was correct.
The lawyers will be looking at you soon. We saw it coming. We tried to warn America. You were just dumb enough for them.
You are the problem with the ban Chicago and You said was in trouble with the crime rate Now you want to blame the ban
you got CHECKED and BALANCED..
@Alina81270011
I didn't go to a fancy boarding school but at least we were taught Civics at my school.
fuck these communist assholrs.  Keep pushing forward Mr President!!!
Do you really not know how appeals decisions work?
why can't you formulate a coherent, grammatical sentence?? Damn.
lifting the ban is just and smart and humane
duh!
Amen
quicktopoint out some one else short comings, but not your own, why aren't you taking care of the american people?
Thank you for your genuine love for this country. We are behind you 100%.
oh you mean on me
what ban
scapegoating, evasion, lying by omission, feigned innocence, feigned confusion #45iknowwhatyouare #yourmaskisbroken
they are too busy following your lead and grabbing the vag.
https://youtu.be/WOlZgdnaUGY  #alternativehistory
If you understood civics 101 you would understand.  Try to learn something for a change, will ya?
why aren't you releasing your Taxes?
I think you're doing this wrong. Let 'em in!  We'll start a massive 2nd Amendment crusade and take care of it here!
@POTUS @KellyannePolls @PressSec @MikePenceVP sounds like we have a MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE based on the 9 senior intelligence
Jay Seculow expert on law & Sup. Cry. Get advice from him......he can be great help in this case! Good luck!
just stop & grow up. Focus on training workers for the 21st century economy & educating children without a political agenda
re refugees U make us look weak mean & hypocritical. Jesus said, "What you do to the least of my brethren, you do unto me."
maybe now you understand why your predecessor, who was loved, moved slowly, because doing it right sometimes takes time!
constitutional law may not have been taught @ The Wharton School but it's a basic legal principle for Presidents -learn it!
since the founding of the Republic, the Federal Courts have had the exclusive province of declaring what is constitutional
its not a ban though
now your playing the role of a lawyer. wow you are the greatest. greatest fraud !
hey the iraqi kurdish pple petraied their gov. And lied to mr.push. what makes you think they wont shaft us again.
why aren't you releasing your tax declarations for the last seven years? #Sad
LOVE WHAT YOU ARE ACCOMPLISHING! Praying for you!
Let us know how we can help!
Check out Jay Sekulow, he's got the next step...remove the 1paragraph the 9th district has issue with...
I don't know. Don't you talk to your lawyers? Sad!
women  can not do anything  without permission  gays are killed wake up people
anyone  that doesn't  relies  Muslim  people  take over bye numbers and Shari law is bad
keep doing what you are we that elected  you are loving it
just rewrite it and move on!  It's a good idea just get it right and boom it's over!
YOUR SO OUT OF TOUCH!
Please keep us safe President Trump.!!!
thank you for fighting for us president Trump
Clarify this. Too messy.
I WOULD TAKE A WILD GUESS AND SAY THAT THINK YOU ARE FKN NUTS!
please resign.
why haven't you had a psychiatric examination yet?
Quack, quack. Who told you to say that? Bannon??? #separationofpowers  Americans don't like you. #lowestratednewpresident
you really don't know..any dropout knows the answer to that  it wasn't the same argument
#pixoritdidnthappen
I wish you would just utilize the War Powers Act. That way you could halt all alien entry. A true nuclear option.
#turnonyourphone
You are the very last person who should be bringing up anything about a "conflict". Keep tweeting while Bannon runs the USA
as I've said liberal judges from district county level have and are using the bench to inject personal bias not written law
DID THE JUDGE FORGET  THE BOSTON MARATHON GOOD LORD, CAN WE MENTION THAT TO THE CLUELESS BENCH SITTER. THEY WILL BE DONE
Mr. Khan would let u borrow his copy of #Constitution if u would read it. If only u knew a Const Prof! #obama  #nastywoman
Boy, some one is giving you REALLY bad advice. Is it the voices in your head, or Satanic Bannon?
Great choice for AG.  Wish him and all you guys God's best
@POTUS should be looking into that free series of Ivanka commercials you're WHOLE staff gave. @JackKingston #NoFreeLunch?
My question, with the Ban Suspended,,,,um Idiot in Chief,,,,WHERE ARE THE TERRORIST ?
because the majority of Americans are not narcissistic racists like you and your regime. *Bing*
Donnie.....Go back to sleep. We're better without you. There's a good boy...
