Ya ya fear more fear don't be afraid @GOP except of the voter cause we're coming for all of you
Your starting WWIII....ARE YOU HAPPY ?
we love u our president trump
You will tweet anything to distract from the Russia investigation.
those advances of Iran, was given by Saddam, were the trucks that took Saddam Hussein ... towards the border of Iran, before the US entered
Fuck Colin Kaepernik tho
Ok but lebron called you a bum
All I can say is thanks to President Clinton & President Obama for making decisions that have put nuclear weapons in the hands of our Enemy
Yet you are tweeting about it like a teenager. Please step down as president. You are a clown.

Seriously...how screwed up is this? Our President uses Twitter more than a 9th grader because he's too afraid to hold a press conference.
Press conference with WHAT??????????
Iran’s recent ballistic missile launch was fake and never took place, U.S. officials told Fox News on Monday.
And btw, quit trying to eff up my weekend.
#FakeNews bum dotard
Does Iran have a nuclear warhead?
No?
Then yeah..We have a solid agreement.
Thanks for letting us know?
I'm glad Trump is running the show,these Countries are all bluffing,they be ashes if their even try to launch!
You've been our Portly Pres for 8 months. It's past time for blaming others. Stay off the links & do your job!
Wag the dog.
Because they, like the rest of the World, have no respect for you
Americans can thank Obama for striking a deal that HARMS America and Israel!
The IRANIANS are a truly evil regime! President Trump stands with Israel and stands with Judeo-Christian values!
Obama sent $150 Billion to Iran in pallets of untraceable cash... Let's hope that was because of stupidity and not his contempt for Israel
How many schools and roads could we have built with the $150B that Obama sent to Iran?
And don't tell me "It was Iran's $150B" -- If America is forced to seize it because of terrorism, it becomes AMERICA's money!
Jacob shut the fuck up. You don't even know what continent you are on
donald trump is a fool
Thank U OBOMINATION. What a Legacy !
Perhaps you could take a knee to pray about it
But apparently that missile launch never "just" happened. That wouldn't be Fake News that you're spreading, would it?
President Trump, let Israel take care of Iran and back them if there's any outside interference. We need to put KJU 6 feet under. God  U.
Sooo glad we finally have a President who tells it like it is. Twitter works fine! MSM is out of touch with reality.
Yeah, who wants diplomacy and world peace?  Certainly not Trump Cult Members.
Certainly not NK nor Iran.
All of the major turmoil has happened under Trump because Trump can’t shut up his mouth or quit twittering.
Great.  Foreign policy via Twitter.  Super helpful #DotardTrump.
President Trump will continue to be as strong and real as you are 
Good lord, someone break out the picture board version of the agreement for him.
To be fair, not much of a president we have either.
You blew the treaty by threatening to break it over and over again. You're a #traitor. You're going to hang.#Impeach #Trump #Russia #Treason
Funny you didn't complain about your boyfriends BCIM. #TrumpRussia
This must be stopped!  Unless our allies jump in to help, it would be difficult

I wrote this a few days ago that Trump is conflating North Korea and Iran to get us to war.

And now he tweets this
Mr Trump don't condemn gangster like Iran ,to uplift another terrorist gangster like Israel ..both are adopting same policy
lol
BAKARA-11: Onlara: Yeryüzünde fesat çıkarmayın, denildiği zaman, «Biz ancak ıslah edicileriz» derler.)
Dismantle FBI! They are worthless
Delusional.
Like Iran is a threat to Israel, BUT IM PRETTY SURE THEY ARE NOT WORKING WITH NK!!! JUST SAYING, EASY HISTORY!
Please remember YOU ARE THE POTUS. Tweeting completely false information like this to cause mass hysteria is irresponsible.
Funny they didn't do that while Obama was in office.
Probably not because he was paying them so much of our money
Go shoot another unarmed black youth.
Here is a grand idea. If Israel has a problem with Iran, and they are sworn enemies, then let Israel deal with Iran. Let Israel step up and fight their own battles. Let Israeli blood be shed, if necessary, in protection of their country. Time to tell Israel to put up or shut up!
Warning.
Mr. President, I am sure there are better ways of spending your free time!! Please get off of Twitter.
So it's OK for you but not him double standards
I have a problem with trust kerea  Alaska is to close to be in the firing range

We have 80% of the worlds oil 70% of the fresh water the best consumers & the greatest minds and we're Free. God's plan bargaining chip. Indeed
Do something about it den
Mr Trump I agree with you Iran is trouble making country ,terrorist funding dismaying Middle East ,so Israel is not better.
Don't go to war.
(First off, it's not much of one with the 200-ish planes they have..)
(It's like using a sledgehammer ot kill a fly...)
(Basically the planes they have can be 'grounded' for $5.000.000)
(and without planes it's pretty much over..)
Tired of having to be Israels protector. We have supported Israel with billions of taxpayer dollars, while they do nothing to work towards mideast peace. In fact they do the opposite while America does nothing to hold them accountable. Cut the cord and let Israel sink or swim
I love you donnie
Not much intelligence do you have
Only dunces can't see the good Trump is doing
Bozo, just like this guy,
@doedeer1664  wow what a leader let's not check facts before we run our mouth dude what a joke see world he's not that smart
Congratulations on believing Iran's FAKE news!   Hook, line, and sinker.  You were punked!   #FakePresident  #Sad
You got duped...
NOT CURRENT VIDEO DUMMY
According to Your friends on Fox the test didnt happen. Not much of a president U(SA) have.
The footage was a fake-Your Excellence .
Atta boy! You go #FakePresident
So you tweeted out FAKE NEWS.  OK, got it.
God Bless America
It's probably not even Trump tweeting, it's just all a big scam so that all of our attention's on here. Instead of looking for a solution
This is, of course, #fakenews which he saw on Fox while stuffing his face with pumpkin pie:
You're a fucking idiot
Israel will NEVER be destroyed. God says it, I believe it, that settles it.
Love your faith . God bless
Faith has nothing to do with assessment of a situation. Faith is that things will be improved. Age will teach you this.
Iran may as well take a seat. Palestine may as well take a seat. God's got Israel.
The army that attacks Israel will be destroyed in the Notthern desert. It is written. So be it.
This give me the chills. No nation that rose up against Israel was successful in its efforts to do so. None.
It’s cute you kept this up, but really we have PLENTY of monuments to your sheer breathtaking stupidity. Delete if it helps the viagra.
IDIOT! Better DELETE this tweet!
You've been a victim of...
Uhhh. This never happened.
Fake news.
Look who is spreading fake news! Sad!
Fake president.
You are such an idiot.
According to your national security experts no missed was fired - just wrong - please get presidential
Who is now the Fake News ?
Who is spreading fake news @realDonaldTrump? YOU LIED...AGAIN!
Fake news....
Level both their countries!
Except it never happened soooo....

Israel has nukes.  They can take care of themselves.
Shouldn't you delete this tweet? What, you can delete your failed backing for Strange, but you can't admit this was a false claim? Too much fear mongering in it? You know what you shouldn't be afraid of? North Korea Vs United States Nuclear Deescalation Golf Off. Look it up ASAP!

you're a fucking imbecile. Don't you get real security briefings from the intelligence community? fox&friends doesn't count
Obama did not show any leadership and now that America has a real leader these countries feel threatened, GO TRUMP
Now I understand what he means with America first: destroy America first... 

This isn't even true, why would you tweet this?  You are driving me insane with these shit.
When will this finally make the news? That we have a stupid president tweeting false info b/c he won't attend his intelligence briefings.
More lies.
Fake news. And you fell for it.
Would that be fake news by any chance or could it be fools news.
Write out 1000 times I must try harder
More fucking FAKE news from the Liar-In-Chief! Gez…don't you have Intelligence to rely on? (You haven't native intel.) #SOB
Wow you’re actually not smart....whatever you’re talking about never even happened smh
Are you going to take this down? Even @FoxNews verified that it is FALSE
The sad thing is that Trump didn't know what he was talking about. Who can believe anything Trump says. Trump is an idiot. Embarrassed!
Stop watching fake news, you are making a fool of yourself and putting the USA at shame. Don't you have secret services or something?
FAKE NEWS TRUMP, GOOD JOB
Fake news, little boy.
That video was from 7 months ago, total incompetence, resign now or #25thAmendmentNow is the only thing that will save our country
Trump, please RESIGN TODAY
talk about #FAKENEWS   Do keep up.  they didn't "just" do anything.
#FakeNews being tweeted by the #FakeNewsPresident
The 25th Amendment is hanging over your head and tweets like this saw away at the slender thread keeping it from falling
You need to address your tweet as making a huge mistake, Mr. President. This is a matter of National Security and integrity.
No it didn’t dotards you were fooled by a 7 year old film , talk to your security team not yourself
So you're really #Kramer . Go on, admit it. You are.
Hey Donald - your moronic ineptitude is showing again - ratings WAY down @dumptrump33
#FAKENEWS #FAKEPRESIDENT
Thank God they only blew up an "old war ship" first to make their point. We were 23 days into their 30 day warning before GOP vote.
#TrumpLies. This didn't happen. This is Trump trying to kill the #IranDeal. Just what we need another nuclearized nation for him to threaten
fake news; check!
Oh look. More FAKE NEWS coming from little Donny heel spurs the draft dodger!
You're getting your old news mixed up with your fake news.
FAKE NEWS - didn't happen.  Did donny just tell a whopper of a lie there.  So much for a POTUS - proven liar to the people. What a joke.
Dare I say it?
FAKE NEWS.
@SpeakerRyan   - This was NOT true.  This is the definition of fake news.  He is unstable.  Please remove him from office.  Today.
You are lying. This is FAKE NEWS.
News says you were duped by 7 month old video. You'll get us all killed with your stupidity/ignorance. Even Faux news knew they were old.
who is falling for fake news now? Thanks for being so ignorant. The fear of war was what was missing from my life under Obama
Except they didn't.  You are the POTUS.  Why don't you ask your staff to check stuff before you make a public fool of yourself?
Old video! Fake News ya Bum!! 
#FakeNewsTrump There was no test. U r so easily played.
Isn't this the guy who said he delayed his Charlottesville response because he always wants to get the facts straight before commenting?
Garbage in garbage out ,this guy should be president of the sanitation workers local NOT OUR COUNTRY
Duped by Iran :)
Didn't delete this one yet? 
Faaaake Newsssss!!!!!
Did you really trust fox entertainment for that outdated info? Please change the channel if that’s the only way you know what’s going on!
This is not true. It didn't happen. Check your facts before alarming everyone
Fake news.
Hey Donnie! Who's pushing FAKE news?
My god, you're such a fool.
Maybe you should talk to your IC rather than watch Fox News for important grown up stuff like this!?!? Try thinking before you tweet!
Fake news
Stop posting fake news
Kim Jong Un is right....you are a #Dotard .  White house is no place for a #Dotard.  Ur a dangerous old fool.
You were duped by an old video and you still haven't deleted this tweet?
Mr President pls deal with ISIS CAMPS inside USA asap & in yr way! God bless Trump & USA !
LIE...LIE...LIE  -- old footage from several years ago...you are a fool.  Mr. so-called president !!!  Get out of OUR White House !!!
Incorrect.  Where are your facts before you said something like Charlottesville.
Hey white supremacist/liar/predator: this is fake news and you are tweeting it!
.@POTUS spreads #fakenews
Really not unusual at this point.
Nice typo boi
Hey dotard. It didn't just happen. That video is months old. You just got duped. You might want to fact check before saying something stupid
You are a fool.
#PutItDown
Fake news King
Liar! No proof Iran test fired a ballistic missile.  DOH-tard
For God's sake, read your intelligence reports!
This should scare everyone!
He holds the key to nukes. Will he decide to use them based on info from FOX instead of Intelligence Agencies?
