Your campaign sucked green donkey Trumps.
You lied your ass off during the campaign and everybody with a room-temp IQ knew it, and then you needed Comey AND Putin to pull your ass out of the hole you dug. But sure, you ran a great campaign. Whatever.
Everyone with a room temp IQ in Celsius knew it.
I hope we don't need a room temp IQ in K to fix this.
Wow you never cease  to amaze me...seriously  you are a buffoon.   Everyday  I turn on the news to see what stupid they you said or did.  You never disappoint.   Always some idiotic tweet or story.  Last week on fox was spectacular.
Naw dude you are Putin’s Cockholster. Vlad threw the election for you. Micheal Cohen is a boob, and you are going down.  
#RoyCohnIsDead
Or perhaps the Trump campaign had help from Russia.

Rex Tillerson acknowledged in a closed-door meeting with U.S. diplomats that Russia “interfered in democratic processes here,” The Daily Beast reports. https://www.thedailybeast.com/exclusive-rex-tillerson-in-meeting-with-us-diplomats-says-russia-interfered-in-election …
or a good actor.
Great campaigns don't lose by 3 million votes.  Learn to lie in Spanish for better numbers next time
Losing by 3 million numbers don’t lie like you do dotard! So how about signing those sanctions on your husband Putin?
Wrong. YOU committed TREASON and should get the death penalty when convicted, same goes for your offspring when convicted
@realDonaldTrump You don't understand, the lies aren't working anymore.  There was clearly collusion with Russia!. Your time is up! #TrumpRussiaCollusion 
#MuellerTime
How long can you defend Mr. Trump. Like that of 25th Amendment. :)
Looks like Putin grabbed you by your treason
#SenileDon referring to himself in 3rd person now.
...Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign?
Perhaps not. You needed to cheat to win, and help from a dictator. You're a sorry loser AND a sore winner. Bad! #Trumprussia #resist
trump is Russia's answer to the goal of dividing America. Trump, the first president of the DSA, divided states of America.
Perhaps the Democrats should keep fact Checking on the Fake News channels
Perhaps you'll be tweeting a different tune after your IMPEACHMENT!   You're a DISGRACE!  SAD!!!
Perhaps you didn't have a snowballs chance in hell of winning, without cheating!
You lost by 3 million votes !
Omg you need help you are the one & you campaign that is being investigated over Russia don't you get it. It is all going to come out trump
Trump/Russia story was originally given to FBI by a Republican....remember. You can't rewrite history when there is so many ways to disprove
You did run a better campaign.  It has been 6 months.  Move on.  We need your focus.  Do you have ADHD?  Do you need Adderall?
Also, maybe stop talking in the third person? Did you miss sixth grade English in addition to history?
..NO...But you did quite get the poplar vote ...did you laddie ?....
@hillaryclinton is the most corrupt politician in American history. Maybe that had something to do wth it?
Nope. Why? Because YOU LOST the election, remember?
Why are we talking about ourselves in the third person? Bobby is confused.
nope, that's not it. but awesome use of third person self-reference.
please go to bed
Flynn, Page, Manafort, Kushner, Epshteyn, Russia cabal at Trump Towers, FBI investigating you, AG Eric Schneiderman investigating you.  Sad
She really blow your hair in the air doesn't she.
Your campaign was so much fun. Loved every minute of it. 
Or... perhaps it's true?
Mike are you jealous
Oh baloney! The Russian incursion and influence was detected and news long before election day.
The Democrats didn't bring this to light. The entire intelligence community did well before the election
Fact: your AG committed perjury, your NSA resigned in shame, your entire campaign is under FBI investigation, & U lost the popular vote Sad!
Perhaps Hitlery cast an evil spell,... but it bounced off of her big floppy nose, + affected her instead.
I totally agree. It was also said because of certain things leaked out it changed potential voters to change their minds.
You know that you are going down for this...otherwise you wouldn't tweet about it...you are guilty as hell.
Trump can't run a anything but his daughter and his personal interest businesses.  BAD PRESIDENT.
Then why did you get so many fewer votes?
Dude you know you're guilty. The lady doth protest too much. Can't wait for all of it to come out. Your brand will = failure. #Trumprussia
Triggered William LeGate is 3...2...1...
Stop talking about yourself in the third person. You sound like a serial killer.
Perhaps not.
You know that sneaking suspicion you have that most Americans don't like or respect you?  

Guess what?

We don't...

(And the data says so)

Fuck you, dipshit.
Learn how to thread your goddamn tweets.
How do you do that?
Hillary was a shitty candidate who ran a shitty campaign. Bernie would have beat you.
ugh...enough with all this. Doesn't matter.
Every day you're President makes Hillary look better and better.
Hillary, for example, could probably explain why the Civil War was fought.
Only took you 15 minutes. Getting faster.
You should put as much thought as you put into that tweet into what you say in interviews too.
He just walks away from them now... Doesn't get a 15 min break between thoughts or answers there lol
No, it's not, but it sounds like you're very nervous about that FBI investigation into your corrupt regime!
"But sean! Sean! Seeaaan?? Come back, Sean!"

Your PRESS SEC ran away from the PRESS today. You're so scared.
Why can't you answer their questions?

Why did you end an interview yesterday when u couldn't provide any evidence re: Obama "wiretapp"???
Oblahblah spied on everyone including @POTUS! Tick Tock Barry!! #MAGA
Number 1, 3rd person prospective again!?, gonna have to work on stopping that honny, makes you look even crazier than you already are
No you literally stole the election and certain MEN  and entities were bloody determined not to take orders from a WOMAN
Trump certainly ran a divisive bigoted populist bullshit talking campaign. guaranteed fact!
Most of ur administration meet with russians secretly, u had a russian handier that suspiciously parked his plane at alot of ur events, ummm
I smell ur nervous chatter from here, worried much kitten? hmm, can't wait to see whats coming out next.. oh yes you're scared "sniff sniff"


I vote NO, what about you?
Trump interrupts his daily cable news marathon to present you this brain fart. Sponsored by Sunkist's new skincare line.
Trump should ask Hillary how to handle those brain farts and meltdowns she is an expert
...Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just r...
If great means enlisting the help of Russians then maybe it was.
Lolololol yeah, that's the ticket. They're coming.....
NO. That is definitely not true. ANOTHER LIE. Idjit.
You did not win legally.  And you know that, so stop trying to make excuses for your illegal win.
You ran a great campaign but the country needed you and needed you bad. You won because the people wanted change & you are that and more!
Don't kid yourself! We aren't that stupid. Your base is, we are not!
You are a sad excuse for a POTUS (President of Trump University Scam). Asswipe. #resist #cheetohead #notmypresident #whinylittlebitch
Ummm you missed Comey's testimony. He flately stated there was Russian interference on your behalf
@fakepresident trying to distract from the REAL NEWS, so we don't pay attention to the fact Russia got him elected!!
Exactly
Perhaps Trump is the most dillusional person in our nation.  I pity you
No, and nope.  #incompetent
They won the popular vote, though. By a lot.
Bwahahahahahahahahahahaha! That's funny.
Trump smash.
Democrats didn't think the had to work and campaign. Told everyone Hillary already one. That's why they have flipped out.
Perhaps Trump is a prick. Perhaps Trump is mentally ill. Definitely has learning disabilities. Cannot read well. Sad
I'm crying I'm laughing so hard!  Great campaign?  Hahahahahaha......
please stop
Or, perhaps Trump conspired with the Russians to manipulate the election. Tomato, to-mah-to.
Yes, a great campaign of division and hate which is why you cannot govern. U have no earthly idea what u are doing-quit now
you wish it was fake you fake president #SoCalledPresident
Best campaign ever. It is that simple. The Low life's are still crying and try to recover too.
Wise ppl think before they speak. Ppl without wisdom speak without ever thinking. Difference of intelligence.
Why are you speaking in third person?
you like law, Constitution, & the sword of Justice only when pointed @ someone else - soon YOU will face American justice
Taking away healthcare from Americans without even acknowledging or assisting Trump-Russia just makes you the all-time stupidest con man.
Nah.
Right!
Boi
Talking in the third person again?  Btw why are you still campaigning?  #deflection
A tip: stop referencing the election where majority (53%) voted against you. There's 0 to be gained by constantly rehashing your loss.
health care is on the table and what you talk about is FOX tv ratings  !!!  real priority , real fake president
Another lie. You are in bed with Putin and the truth will come out. You will be impeached and tried for treason.  You deserve to be in jail!
Perhaps Scott thinks that you ran a sleazy cmpgn on lies and huckster's tricks & talking re 1self in the 3rd person=douche.
Puke, you make me puke!
You are a lunatic and should be in an institution and not the oval office.
And to cover up Seth Rich murder.
NO...TRUMP CHEATED - DIDN'T run a 'better campaign.' U ran on HATRED, FEAR, RACISM, MYSOGONY, SEXISM, NATIONALISM, WHITE NATIONALISM, NAZISM
No.
Perhaps you owe money to the Mafia State and China and you're using American tax payers & erasing @POTUS44 policies to pay your bill
Also, I think many of you just got tired of the 3rd wave feminism and SJW protests. Someone has to put some limits. That someone is you.
Wait till you face a candidate that pulls way ahead when u go 4 re-election YOU'LL QUIT & you will cry, the media is winning #DAFFYDONALD
Nothing great where you're concerned!
perhaps not.
perhaps you can stop talking about yourself in third person? #dumptrump
Can't call it great when you get foreign espionage help or when your dirty laundry doesn't surface until after the election. NOT FAIR is it?
Perhaps you're a liar and you don't want the proof of your collusion to be revealed.
Speaking about oneself in the third person is a sure sign of narcissistic complex.....a serious mental disorder.
just imagine how you'll be immortalized in every future student's mind as the most corrupt president in American history

So sad that you can't get over the election. You are pathetic. So insecure and weak. Bet you were a bedwetter.
Perhaps you coordinated with Putin on which hacked emails should be released. Plus we KNOW there were hacked voting machines. TREASON!
Laws obviously do not apply to @HillaryClinton or her aides. It's disgusting and embarrassing. @ChrisCuomo @brithume @CNN #fakenews @MLauer
No Trump/Russia story was the way you got to the White House even though you knew you weren't qualified for the position. You're so ignorant
Nope, we shall see your #Impeachment through FOIA on #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #BiggestUSAMistakeEver
No.
The connection between you & Putin is VERY~ clear! No way YOU won the election legitimately. There's not THAT many stupid people in the U.S.
Your time is coming
If by "great" you mean alienating millions of people by being a hopeless bigot, a misogynist, and a crybaby.
Reference to oneself in the third person denotes an unconscious need to distance the self from negative actions.
Trump always leaves a mess behind him. People that get involved with him get hurt.
No one likes you. You're worse than nixon. Always remember that you are trashier than nixon. K?
um no, you are completely delusional!  sorry.  You were a successful salesman to folks who still can't see you for what you are.
u made empty promise to them they fell for ur lies hook line sinker, poor uneducated white folks
Still talking about yourself in third person?
Perhaps you need to seek help on referring back to the election. You won. We get it.
We never protested for Obama. At least we acted civilized!!!!!!
Naw, you were just corrupt.
Perhaps Trump will look good in prison orange.  It'll bring out the "tan" Bwahahaha!
Only insane people refer to themselves in the third person
Stop tweeting like a 12 y:o. You r so unpresidential - silver spoon born, but no class
Perhaps. Perhaps not. Maybe we should investigate.
Stop blaming others for your failures. Do you really think your few remaining supporters are that stupid?
What's your excuse for being so pathetic Mr VP
YES - THIS DEMOCRATIC PARY NONSENSE SHALL BE DISOLVED A.S.A.P !!!!! GREEDY TRAITORS - ALL FOR MONEY LIKE CLINTONS LIARES!!
Where there's smoke, there tends to be fire. Ironically, you can thank the "fake media" for your win with all that free air time.
Nope: I think DT/RU collusion is much more credible. You won't understand this, but toddlers are the most likely illiests. It looks silly.
or maybe just did a good BS job
We all know Trump didn't do that because no one on the Trump campaign expected you to win, including you.
Trump and the people ran a good campaign
The 's for you stay consistent. Your voters haven't given up. The left has Google, YouTube, Facebook and Twitter and still you win big!
you are a traitor
Only you can pull the country from the depths of despair the Democrat leadership has plunged us into.  Lock her up! Drain the swamp! MAGA!
Nope
You lost the popular vote. At least 65,844,954 people rate you a LOSER. You have the lowest approval rating of any new POTUS ever. SAD!
The investigation started in July, still going! Nice try!
Perhaps you could keep promise and #ReleaseYourTaxes
Didn't you already sack someone for having Russian ties they lied about?
No you like this majority are collusionist seditionist snd traitors to the constitution
REAL news says otherwise.
adolf: not true. you committed treason with the Russians. if you don't get impeached between now 2020, you'll be the biggest loser ever.
If hatred and empowering Nazis and Skinheads is your goal, you did a GREAT campaign.
Phoney?  Sorry...  I have seen evidence3.  you need to be hung as a traitor
Trump is a liar and a fool.
You STILL can't get over the whole election issue, huh? Sad...
When Are You Going To Stop Talking About The ekection? You got the job and can't do it with all the help you have you suck at president sic
why are you speaking about yourself in the third person.
You are going down. Between your treason with Russia and today's monstrous cruelty, your career is over. #IMPEACHMENT is certain. Pack!
You ran a very effective campaign.
you lying on Obama and anything that will stop this investigation but God is still in play and your going to lose big.
Actually no...but nice try. I expect YOU will be impeached over this since Russian hacking was responsible for getting you elected.
Anyboby Who Talks About  Himself  In  The  3rd  Person  Has  Problems
Tell Trump to get real.  Everyone knows it was Putin that put together a great campaign.  Trump was just the stooge he picked as his puppet.
You are so insecure about winning you have to keep talking about how great a job you did. Bad!
Let the record show all the Paranoid psychopaths who think putin is living under the bed in this thread.
GROW UP! You're a bully. Tweets are safe. YOU ARE THE 400LB GUY ON THE BED TWEETING. You're PRESIDENT for crissakes, ACT LIKE IT! Coward!
keep up the fight President Trump
Everything is always fake when it had to do with you !
Why was she dressed up as a China doll, who was she trying to impress and why
"Just"
Ha! It's because you are awesome and we have an awesome God who stepped in to our elections!!
Lies
