.@realDonaldTrump @DHSgov Walls don't work, Orange Doofus.Why do you turn friend's to enemies & enemies to "friends?"
why do you help to decide the country with your lame comments? You are the problem, amongst others
Problem is with those easily led and duped by the con man of century.Trump cares for himself.
everyone cares for themselves, but he also thinks of the AMERICAN  people, who are being strangled.
If you believe that, you drank too much Kool Aid!Nothing in his past suggests he cares for others.
so please tell me why he would want to be president. What's his purpose? Money, power? He already has it
Then show his tax returns only way to prove his worth.
maybe according to you and all the rest screaming "tax returns" as if that is the core of all evil.
you are so wrong about all going well.  Muslim American woman is trapped in Jordan airport with 1 yr old.
If brains were made of gold, you and your family would be beggars.
why does he always look like he's trying to swallow a whole fish all at once?
why do you try so hard to make a funny comment that no one will ever see. Still not funny tho
thanks for the click my Russian friend. Go get those rubles.
wants monuments of hatred to be erected in his honor like a two bit banana republic despot! @DHSgov https://twitter.com/Chrispjcurley/status/824688593637613568 …
ahahah I live reading comments of people in complete denial thinking they can change things on twitter
We will never have full control of our borders , just enemies from this ridiculous wall u want up.
You're acting like a dictator! #ResistOften !
people quiet, no reaction, address his emails or conflicts but we have lives. Ask him for relief down south.
nice how you tell us how to feel about everything, no brainwashing here folks
Thank you Mr. President I am so great full
We also need to see Your Tax Returns. Are you Invested in Building the Wall??? We need to know!!
you are a sick, dangerous fool. This is not partisan. This is fear for the people I love.
Fascist
@POTUS @DHSgov God hasBlessed us through you Thank you President Trump 
I'm the best controler! I'll treat wall like business! Someone else's problem. #TrumpIsBroke
I'd like to see you criticize this, Donald. It's about you & your fans! https://youtu.be/gOsRktPBNhI 
Do u Really belive that, I Don't , another grand fabrication
Mr Trump, please consider the Muslim Brotherhood as being a terrorist organization. They say so in Egypt.
.@realDonaldTrump  @DHSgov - And Mexico WILL pay. Correct? None of this funny business about charging America First?
@POTUS @DHSgov wait for it bill Mexico lol going put one Canada border ...IDIOT
Build a wall along the Canadian border. We don't wanna be near ya mess.
can I come over???!! Please
pleas go,don't forget to take Rosy and the other Hollywood Libs with you
Americans will not pay for your wall, and we will not stand for all your lies! #NoBanNoWall
@CBSLAElsa @DHSgov We've always had control of our borders.
great wish Europe would get their border control back for the future generations of Europeans culture!
You were adamant Mexico would pay and yet today (again) you went back on your word! Will we ever be able to believe you?
you all make me laugh he's only doing what you lot are thinking  but haven't got the bollocks to do it
I'd donate to pay for the wall
I'm guessing that all captured illegals will be used to build the wall?
Some of your followers also need safe spaces.
While you stupidly try to make good on this stupid campaign promise, what about your promise to RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS?
A country with no borders isn't a country at all.
President Nieto said Mexico will not pay.  Should we believe those words we saw him say?  Or should we believe you?
thank you so much Mr. President, for working so hard to fulfill your campaign promises. 
@POTUS @DHSgov So proud President Trump. So very proud of you and your administration. God bless
@bOoo0oo Dude, obviously you're mentally-ill & totally unhinged. Leave the @WhiteHouse & check-in The Nut House 
I think we're blocked from Trump 
WHAT?!!!!!!
dude, you should build a wall against Canada too- no, listen: we look just like you and we have the most bears. #safeschool
@POTUS @DHSgov So, @POTUS, what are you REALLY up to? All these announcements are covering up something, as usual!!! QUIT!
you're not even in control of your staff
The Canadian border too?
. @ScottMonty @realDonaldTrump https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcQrpORiGBQ …
Starting today you begin to bankrupt America with your stupid ten billion dollar wall.
That Mexico was supposed to pay for. "Reimbursement" is a scam.
Absolutely, and his voters fell for it.
You couldn't fall for it as a voter because......YOU'RE NOT ONE!  lmao
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @DHSgov Small Pop Vote - Small Crowds - Small Hands - Small Pee Pee - Small Man - BIGLEY ILLEGITIMATE
keep drinking the kool aid
@seanspicer @KellyannePolls
We dont choose on popular thank goodness. About 5mil illegal votes
Illegal voting delegitimizes results! #revote
Killery would loose the popular vote this time too
*lose

@ArielRRodrigue1 @DHSgov Mr.President are you going to be re/Elected ,my I ask
Beginning today, the United States of America gets back control of its borders. Full speech from today @DHSgov:… https:/...
Yes, RULES OF LAWS IN THE USA. BUILD THE WALL!!  MONITOR WHO COMES IN AND OUT OF THE USA. LOVE IT!!
Deport all illegals.
can we build a wall around you & ban you from entering the US until we figure out what the hell's going on in your head?
man, you are really sick
If stupidity was painful, you'd be in agony
most undocumented workers just drive or fly over with work visas and stay so what good is a wall?
Beginning six days ago, the United States lost control of its mind.
Go find another brainless jibe. "Safe space" is so 2015.
Oh shit, sanctuary cities already dropping the sanctuary policy.Trump's done more already than Obama do in 8 years
That's great. I hope you feel better, now the massive threat that sanctuary cities posed to you is over.
I feel better that it's less easy for criminals to live peacefully in my country.
Good. Been a happy day for you, then. Celebrate by doing something other than hassling me.
I love liberal tears.  
So why are UN hand picked refugees still coming here after exec order put a stop to it
The Statue of Liberty DOESN'T say: Give us your tired, your poor, your huddled masses urinating on our flag. 
Validate the President's concern re contraband pouring over the Southern border: see Nat Geo's "Border Wars"...
bah. Bah. Bah.  -lies and more bullshit
Amen president Trump you go for it
... it would also show your commitment to expanding and easing legal boarder crossings and legal immigration.
can you stop waving that hand in the air for two seconds?
How much damage will Dumb Donald do until he is impeached
.@realDonaldTrump @DHSgov Your wall, u pay 4 it. I would rather have SS and Medicare.
we have always had control of our borders, you liar.
Brains aren’t everything. In your case they’re nothing.
Verrey good.
THANK YOU Mr President!
@POTUS @DHSgov  you should spend that money on providing health insurance for Americans.
That's what you think dumbshit.

Poverty is the most damaging problem in the USA. Do you know what living in poverty means? #justsaying #fact
#notmypresident
@POTUS 
you are making it more dangerous for Americans everywhere. Putting innocent people through hell.
Lets wait and see. All talks but No action yet!
@mike_pence @TIME  "Grab em by the PUSSY"
@POTUS Don't mess up our relationships with those who surround us #Mexico and #Canada.  #USABorderAllies

@ASavageNation @seanhannity @PressSec  And PLEASE cut off funding for sanctuary cities and sanctuary colleges!
#badhombres
@POTUS @KellyannePolls @seanspicer @WhiteHouse 

Tired of winning?  

Actually, we are already tired of cringing!
(CBP says 1 million crossings per day) 5-10$ per crossing = 1.825-3.65 billion$ a year. 5 years paid by both.+=
BULLSHIT!
I love this tshirt-do you think he will fall?
colaborative spirit as businesscard to be success in any stage or handicap
Trump do what God wants you to do and don't worry about the rest . He will protect you .
haha are you leaving the US??? Need help packing?
listen to our international embarrassment in chief.
Mr . Prez How a about a GoFundit for the Wall ! It would blow the Libs heads off
unless you're all happy letting me pay for your healthcare forever..
instead of punishing all the Iraqi people you better punish Obama administration who created ISIS..
idiot
It's about time! Texas is behind you!
@POTUS @DHSgov President Trump might clarify when talking about the wall that he is extending the existing wall
Please do one positive thing, just one. Not walls, taking away healthcare from millions etc.
there will free tunnel rides from & to Mexico.
@tracieeeeee @DHSgov You mean no more illegals coming in waving Mexican flags and calling us racist killing and raping?
Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents as an example.
If you’re going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty.
you are delusional.
yes , happy about it
I'm sure all those Syrian kids will enjoy being dead because of you..MONSTER!
bravo il nous faudrait un président comme vous en france se n'est pas gagné
thank  you , Mr. President!
Shame on you.  You are destroying our country. You're unqualified to be the President of the US.
pls carry along congress very well.A monolithic bond.loosers are still wailing.God be with you.'tweeting from Nja.
hypocrite clean up your own closet  bring home your own business an DC show taxes.
-USA has the strictest customs and visa entry processes in the World and your borders are secure. Quit with the BS.
美国只欢迎有钱人
I copyrighted the salary conversion from hourly wage so we can get back to being a strongly kind of me for the USA
Thank you President Trump! You are putting pride back in USA
Indeed!
sorry to disappoint you Americans have had the right to free speech for a long time
Trump should take the ALd off his name and call himself The Don't and take his crap to Ciciley and run for Dictator
as u say that 187 Mexicans snuck across the border you have no control quit lying
get back on your meds.completely in your own reality. Illegitimate. Fraud. Putins puppet. Impeach urangatang
Small hands mean small, u know what....Brains?
For the cost of the wall many more could have health care and other vital services.
WRONG!
#badhombres
Hey mr trump, if you charge for the protests PER PROTESTER as a permit, you could be making money off it.
Speaking of spending billions of taxpayer dollars, where are your tax returns? #PublishTheReturns #IAmThePublic
Hitler was elected by the people and then he destroyed them.  sounds familiar!!!

Thank you for keeping your election promises. America is already becoming great again.
@POTUS @DHSgov #StopPresidentBannon
Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed.
@POTUS44 @SocialPowerOne1 @owillis trump,what on EARTH happened in your childhood to make you this heartless and hateful?
I choose to not pay for that Thank you!! You want the wall you pay for it!!
thank God!
you make me sick
we’ve always had control. We’ve used different, fairer policies.  That’s all.
I wish that the UK could do the same.
thank you, President Trump for keeping your word!!  You are well loved in Texas!
great job
who had it before?? The US always had control. Release your taxes without editing
the joys of a wall. Why not focus on the business owners that hire. #stupidity #not mytaxes
Ever since I have seen you in your family tree, I have wanted to cut it down.
will the wall block the tunnels?
Hitler reincarnated smh
pretty funny your EPIC FAIL
Can't help but look at his small hands as he waves it
WE GET A 15 BILLION DOLLAR WALL WITH USA TAX $ AND NO HEALTHCARE PLAN. STOP PLAYING GAMES AND FIX ACA
Realize that there are things called tunnels for that big wall of yours.
Smoke and Mirrors Trumpster
