Welcome home, Congressman!

Who saved his bloody life again????
We're all thinking of you @SteveScalise! #TeamScalise ...
Scalise. im living proof US has greatest healtcare.  We must repeal Obamacare
Yeah, we are all thinking of you celebrating your attempt to take Healthcare from millions of Americans while keeping yours. #SteveScalise
Please don't forget a black lesbian  police officer was one of two officers that saved your life.
So often we move along to the next Headline. Nice to see. From Canada
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJ1PDsD26zyK4FD6NeBtoK6SXUz09y94FTOv00/ …
Old White men backing old white men
You know it baby!
Good health to you buddy!

ランランルー
We are all thinking why people who are racist are allowed to live in a free country? They should be deported to HELL where they came from.
My thoughts and prayers are with him.
ha ha ha..
Our next Speaker of the House, Steve Scalise.
How about instead of thinking you put in common sense gun reform so this doesn't happen again?
How is he, we have not heard anything in the NEWS, Sir - TWEET the INFO!
What happened Donny, the big boys wouldn't let you bully yourself to the front of the line??
Under TrumpCare @SteveScalise would never have survived, sad his party supports a Titanic of deathcare bill. Get Well Congressman.
Could there BE any more old white men in this pic
America has always been Great...It's the Leader who ISN"T.
'll
God Bless and take care of Steve and his family!!!!
non stellin gachette a biter vernai deux cayes hayti
Blow this  up Lol
Not Everyone 
Him alone & no other American tragedy as of late. Make America safe for all not just your buddies; that or plz resign Sir.
Just more trump lies. You stole his thunder getting shot Scalise, that's all.
thank goodness Stevie isn't a racist homophobe...oh wait...he( and u) are!!!


I saw he tweeted today to congrad Handel...glad he is on the mend!
All white old people
yes.



NO WE ARE NOT, WE ARE THINKING YOUR VIEWS ON GUNS ENDANGERS US AS WELL.
Why does everyone in that photo look like the just smelled a fart? And why do you look like you just farted?
#stevescalise #trump #MAGA
Amen to that!
I think about a guillotine when I see you. I follow laws because our country is built in law. But, if you could b prosecuted. I'd watch.
Don't turn your back on the terrorists in Washington, Mr. Scalise.
Get well fast, love you
Thinking of you @SteveScalise and the gay woman who saved your pathetic life.

Don't be a fool. He only needs you healthy again so that you can vote for his crappy legislation.
Milk tragedy to gain further your agenda.
You're thinking of how to exploit this man's suffering for your own gain. You're despicable.
We are all thinking how @SteveScalise "took a bullet for all of us". Us being middle aged to old white men.  #resist #PhilandoCastile
Thinking of us? Nah thinking about those tax breaks though
Why haven't U pushed for a nationwide Concealed Carry law?U said U would. U have not done so.Another lie.
We have Got to stop leftists from inciting violence: 30 Republicans & families being threatened
He hates you
The MEAN bill you celebrated for...or is amnesia setting in AGAIN #HealthCareForAll #healthcare #RepealAndReplace
Amen
Folks, cool it with accusing Trump of attempting to distract from his scandals. A serious incident took place; please respect that.
Thanks
00905313660677
good morning président j.trump
Haaaa
Are you thinking how he helped boost the anti-Ossoff attack ads? Did RNC send him a "thank you" card in addition to the "get well" one.

@PaulaBr38941860 @SteveScalise , amen 
Yes get well soon !
Look at all that whiteness
I only wish you all played baseball.
You mean you are thinking of all the money you'll rob from us
Melania made you do this didn't she...you only care about you
naw we aint. I never have demons on my mind
That's quite the gaggle of white guys.
Yes, and prayers for you and your family!&
No, trump is only thinking about trump. Steve Scalise is collateral damage, if trumps obsession.
Please, you only know how to think of yourself
The only person you think about is your ego.
Who is paying his medical bills?
Why are you letting those sick KILLERS get by with all this @ @POTUS?
Except the Democratic politicians.  they are FAKE. they are Haters,  they are Hypocrites, they are corrupted THEY ARE THE AMERICAN ( ISIS.)
...AFTER we think of ourselves, the RICH folks we represent and how we can make THEM richer while inflicting MORE poverty on less fortunate!
k ı
https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails//fileid/1120/251 …
Throwback to the time he screwed over American health care; just before he was literally screwed over SAD!!
@POTUS @SteveScalise What a sad group they will require therapy be thankful taxpayers are footing your healthcare bill
The people would thank you if you would be impeached. Go to prison.
Super villain pic
Amen
get well steve, love from liverpool UK.
Karma.
They're all wonder if it's too soon to push you aside to take your job.  @potus is still trying to remember who you are.

@maddow @Lawrence
And how a homophobic friend of the Klan was saved by a black, lesbian cop. #irony.
Like that time that @SteveScalise voted to let the mentally ill carry weapons. #irony
Godspeed. Always stay alert and safe President Trump. We need you at the helm in these treacherous waters.
Yes, we are. Hoping and Praying for a speedy recovery.
You don't even know who he was.
CUNT

May the good Lord guide you, give you wisdom and protection to rule America in Jesus mighty name.
Our prayers are with you for your continuing healing.
I am Thankful Steve will be alright. Sad he was nearly killed. Get well Steve. God bless you and your family. 
No we aren't
you should point out how a few dividers on the left continue to spew hate in light of the shooting.
You don't give a shit about him.
Are you going to try to pass some "common sense gun laws" now? Or is this tragedy a freedom of any/every American to perpetrate?
Wow, all white men.....SAD!
what a bunch of Jackass's
Dictator Trump, you're not fooling everyone, you're looking @ yourself in the middle of that picture & thinking of yourself. Pure narcissist
I WOULD DO IT & MAKE A CARD, BUT I DONT KNOW HOW. AND I DONT THINK I COULD PIN IT ON HIS WALL ANYWAY?
CAN YOU PLEASE MAKE UP & PIN UP ON HIS WALL, A GET-WELL CARD FOR HIM, THAT THE PEOPLE CAN SIGN ON HERE, SO HE KNOWS HE HAS OUR SUPPORT? TY!~
Any women on that team? People of color?
Yeah. Can you say #Diversity? No, I didn't think so! @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Sooo many old white men....
Was he insured?
The Democrat Party is no more than a Gang of Thugs. Thieves and liars. They are out to kill American
Yes we are.
$5 you had to be reminded to tweet his and someone typed it out for you so there were no spelling mistakes @KgKathryn
Make America white again
You're thinking of someone else?  Extraordinary!  #fakepresident
