Ohhh, this is rich coming from Fox News. The network that exists EXCLUSIVELY for the dumbest, most gullible sludge of the right. Sad!
Umm no more like Hillary and Obama
Umm, good intelligible response that we've come to expect from Trump cult followers.

And this is relevant to what exactly? I know, Trumpers don't need no stinking relevance. Most don't even know what it means.
No one takes Fox and Friends legit except #trump. Why would you, journalist and MSM, yourself attack your own profession and contemporaries?
because while FOX attacks Trump at least 54%, the other outlets attack him at least around 75%-97% of the time
The MSM managed to keep quiet about this lot I wonder why?
Barack Hussein Obama let's call him Barry he is a very evil person. Soon just like the Bible says everything will be exposed for what it is.
Karma will catch up with this reprobate!

The mainstream media doesn't "represent" anyone but the truth. Sad that neither Fox nor Trump understand concept of free press.
John.. If you would of watched any mainstream media pre election you would of thought trump had no chance and he won... media hasn't changed
The media doesn't represent represent anyone. No one thought Trump had a chance, including the polls. Then Comey & Russia intervened.
John.... stop drinking the koolaid.
Fox is MSM
That makes no sense...
Except for the for the fact that fox receives billions in ad $ just like every other MSM outlet.
The only people you represent are the members of the Trump troops!  Liars, Faux News!
U continue what u are talking about
I will! Hate Trump, know that there are lots of ignorant people out there that don't agree!  You all belong in Prison with your Commandant!
U r just a HRC lover
Obviously, you are an orange fruitcake lover! Personally, I like truth, freedom and free speech! Not racism, hatred, and misogyny!
Or the fact that Obama said to Vladimir that he would help more after the election. U don't know wtf you are talking bout.
I think you have your facts wrong, Obama didn't help him but Trump is trying!
Excused me! Trump is trying to fix all of Obummers messups! I am Not a republican! But 20% uranium sold for the clinton foundatation.
When they lie they fail to represent 100%
#FakeNews
The media's duty is to inform the public with information of the day that impacts lives of citizens, not represent the public.
Fox is mainstream too. MSNBC, CNN is one side. FOX ,LINBAUGH,Hannity is the other side. Each representing a half if the country. Period!
@realDonaldTrump @carriesheffield Drip Drip Drip; slow torture 4 the Trumpster
Wait a minute, since when does 46% of the popular vote equal half of anything?
Fake news, stop colluding
It is more like Trump is neglecting more than half the population.
Media is also on Team Corruption-President Trump U R on Team USA
You are so spot on about that! And glad everyday I wake up I'm on Team USA! #MyPresident #Trump46 
Delusional,  must live in the alt universe!
No that would be Fox News that failed America. Long live MSM

Failed to represent 46.1% of the country*
Someone alert @foxandfriends and @realDonaldTrump that Fox and Friends is also "MSM"
This level of idiocy is just astounding. Especially from an extremely biased channel that doesn't represent even half of America.
Even @realDonaldTrump doesn't represent half of America with his consistently low 30-40% approval rating.
I mean of all the dumb things to post and retweet this is up there with yesterday's "We're working with the hackers on our cyber security."
Aside from the fact that the media's job is not to "represent" anyone.
Then why why why so bias????
Why does Fox constantly call other news outlets biased? A guy calling everyone else liars is a liar.

But Fox is neglecting its duty to represent the three other quarters of the country, so everything's fine.
@foxandfriends    YOU ARE MAINSTREAM MEDIA!!!!
But @FoxNews is the mainstream media. Which half do you represent? #toothlessfucks
.@realDonaldTrump Actually, about 30% of the people that watch Fox.  Do you think their low ratings make them a "Failed Fox"?  #failedfox
This Harvard study gives us some clues. #LiberalDirtbagMedia #DespicableDemocrats #AmericaFirst
100% in agreement !!!!
Liberals. Obama was horrible but he could due no wrong. Can't stand the media anymore
Because their opinions aren't reflective of half the country let alone reality.
3 Years, 6 Months, 10 Days, 6 Hours, 27 Minutes, and 52 Seconds
Man you libs can't count. 
Your off by 4 years.
*you're
Correcting grammar on Twitter. 

You must feel so proud.
*attempting* to correct math on twitter. You must feel so proud (until you realize your math was wrong)
We shall see.
Yep... one day you may understand simple subtraction. Good luck!
Dueces.
#Propaganda #1984isnow
No Problem NO one watches #msmfakenews
We trust our Prez!! 100%!!!!
I didn't like Donald Trump while he was on TV I haven't liked Donald Trump for years didn't like him as a candidat. so stop starting bs.
It's not that he's saying things, but what he's saying that's the disgrace. Main stream media isn't there to represent you, but to inform.
Faux news is disgraceful! Why are you supporting a traitor and liar! You will go down in history as the propaganda channel - Russia friend
For the most part media has covered it all, 36%, clearly your bucket, can't handle truth! FYI, his base
And Fox News only represent 30% of the country!
"In God We Trust"
If You Don't Believe It
#HeresYourSign
Discovered in Texas 2012 and was on the news in 2013.
Click Video Link Below
https://youtu.be/ge--3P-VTqA 

May God Bless You All ♡
You Go ☆Fox News☆ 
"In God We Trust"
See You Didn't Believe Me!
#YourSign Was Amazing Right
Here's Another Video Link Below
https://youtu.be/u5SPqMxEjHk 
Enjoy!  
Fox News neglects to report real news. They are now pure propaganda for #TrumpRussia
you get your news from Salon? LOL
You get yours from Fox & Dopes?
I don't have Fox news on my TV. I do get my news from Independent sources though.
Don't you ever wonder why so many seem so "forgetful".
oh I don't know you get your news from MSNBC? That's hilarious. Still no Trump/Russia connection lmao
Purposely Fail to tell SECRET Anti American Agenda.Use fake PC to hide TRUTH. EXPOSED: SATANIC & SOULLESS~against all that is Good & Genuine
RT @foxandfriends: .@carriesheffield: The mainstream media is neglecting their duty to represent the public. They've fai...
Exactly correct.
You are so screwed.
So because they lawyer happened to be Russian it means collusion? I mean what if he's American but of Russian decent?
She wasn't just Russian, she is a major player in Putin's attempt to lift sanctions.
And what leftist media source did you get this from?
Donald Trump, Junior.
Really you have a direct quote where you there?

From an Independent viewer: I am starting to think that Fox News will find itself on the wrong side of the story very very soon..
No Fox does their research to make sure it's real news. The others just report and hope its true. Just report the news.
Ha ha haaaa..!  If you believe this, you really are being duped on a daily basis. Do your own independent research and you'll see what I mean..
This is the most dishonest thing
So true
Very true
@realDonaldTrump is neglecting his duty to represent the public. He has failed to represent half of the country.
Conservative media.
Complete lunacy.
you guys do realize Fox has reported a lot of negative coverage on Trump? Wouldn't know that since you see clips like this of course..
the man is a bonehead and he has some policies that suck. But at least the media should look into his accomplihsments too.
Watching TV again? C’mon, man. I’ve been up since 4:00, working hard. Making a difference. 

This is the defining photo of your Presidency:
Trump is up early solving problems!
He doesn't need to. He has morons like you to lick it for him!
Let's get this straight, the MSM does NOT represent me at all, no way!!
Ok hope your not a CNN fan mate. At least Fox is not corrupt like them and others


The only one to denounce the Russia story is Bob Mueller, not Fox News not even Donald Trump.

That's because they are mad that he can get the truth directly to the people!
The government needs to take over all news stations
This should be set in stone because it is a FACT. MSM has FAILED over and over and over again to represent the public. #FAILEDUSA , #FAKE
But one outlet has got it right, it solely represents a lunatic....Yayyyy.....
Fox represents a segment of the population by that's not me, so I look at all news and make my own judgement. #45 move on cause she's gone!!
All media is owned run by Jewish cabal is why Germans killed them and put stop to there gays and porn industry too hahhah
ABC news polls lie. Mr Trump does not have low poll ratings.  We are still with him
Delusional!
WARNING: This tweet contains footage from Mar-a-Lago which may trigger Trump supporters. Please use caution when sharing.  #MAGA? 
The mainstream media is to report the news and not shape public opinion.  For to long the media has been the MOUTHPIECE of the DNC!
We have our own minds and can formulate our own opinions. By the way the DNC is a committee. Not Americans that are Democrats! 
Go watch Fox
???? At the same time you call "fake news" you say "watch fox" have you completely lost your mind?
I don't see in this thread where Fake News was brought up. I said go watch Fox because of where this thread all began.
Pardon me, but you brought up "fake news". I stated that the media is to report and not pontificate their sanctimonious ideals up the public
This is so 2 days ago. Keep up.
the media's function is not to represent the public, it's to inform them
They only represent themselves.
^^Correction: less than half
This is confusing. Isn't Fox also mainstream media?

Bangladesh sex
If by "half" you mean about 30%.
That 30% shouldn't be represented if they support lying, cheating, authoritarianism.MSM needs to change some, but not to be like Fox&Friends
They've represented the half that matters.
With his approval rating, 39% approve of him and a lot of them do NOT like the fact that he rants in Tweets!
.@foxandfriends Fox & Friends is neglecting their duty to represent the public. They've failed to represent half of the country. #FAKENEWS
Um, the MSM IS covering Trump accurately. He is a lawless, soul-less, greedy, corrupt megalomaniac who only cares about himself.
And unless theres a video with him literally saying it I still say this is another form of media that's probably biased
than Trump.
My President represents ALL AMERICANS! MAGA!
The only news ( cough cough) outlet doing that is @FoxNews
Your hardcore supporters are at 15%. You, sir, forget about the rest of the country.
That is a false narrative, that media is supposed to represent 100% of the public. It's not even possible for any media outlet to do that.
Your history and agenda in documentary form.
https://www.amazon.com/Brainwashing-My-Dad-Matthew-Modine/dp/B01C6AFEQG/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1499770299&sr=8-1&keywords=the+brainwashing+of+my+dad …
Just because we have two parties doesn't mean Republicans are half the country. They hold power because of gerrymandering and power-grabs.
I had to discover this on Twitter b/c Media is more interested in Don Jr's nothing burger meeting with a Russian
Rest In Peace Brother

West Point Football: Former Army QB, Chase Prasnicki, Dies in Afghanistan

…
Question, exactly what do you think FOX is? It's MSM, #fakenews At least according to your standards it's fake news. You're a hypocrite.
#MAGA #Americafirst #BuildtheWall #Repeal #TaxCut #ShutDownMueller #FraudNewsCNN #CNNBlackmail
@wimni93Im the distinction for a media informed American- valued with factual interests is lost to most broadcast formats! @DonaldJTrumpJr
This is like going to a comic book store to complain about the current state of literature
Media's job ≠ 'representing the country. That's why we have congress.
On @FoxNews w endless series of 28 year old blonde stepfords????
EXPLAIN THAT
CNN: Crazy Negative News. When will these people get it? Never because they are colluding with the far left agenda to destroy America!
Half? That's very generous.
When you say main stream media you mean all the media but FOX?  You don't rank yourself lower than MSNBC. Or CNN.   I don't understand
Please, look up what Obama did during Christmas 2016! He changed an anti propaganda law on the books since the 40's. @realDonaldTrump
no , actually only 18% support donald.  so really fox only represents a small faction of americans and they are fed your lies.
You mean the 30% that support racism hatred bigotry and Russia interference. turn table, how is POTUs representing me? poor? Uninsured ?
Boloney
Well said!
Gee, wonder why all the MSM is on one side?? Maybe because the other side are liars, narcissists and destroying our country?? I would wonder
@carriesheffield - just as most of us doesn't listen to the lies & half-truths told on Fix News All Trump all the time
"Half"... Get math.  Also, It seems these trumpeteers have state-run FOX to represent their cognitive bias.

Better watch out the news police will be after you.
#FakeNews
Well said. Just the truth.
They are representing more than half the country based on the results of the popular vote.
Social Media helps people to get communication independant from financial and political elite which are controlling #mainstream #fakepress!
Fox News is state endorsed propaganda
Much, much less than half, dear.
MSM has a responsibility to US citizens to reach real facts in a story. Instead, they use their influence to knowingly lie to the public.
Fox & Friends:  The unfunny early morning comedy routine. Listening to Fox & Friends is like listening to three jackass braying in the wind.
Can't take Fox seriously anymore.
CNN is the Cinton News Network
Fox and Breitbart do a fine job of representing the 20% of nutty conservatives in our country. Plus the POTUS. Please, we don't need more.
Twitter allows @POTUS to get his message to 19.1M followers w/out MSM distorting/ignoring his message because it doesn't fit their ideology
Fake news
@realDonaldTrump @carriesheffield trump must tweet..only way we know the real truth..journalists are a thing of the past
With that bar in mind you failed to represent 1/2 the country.
FAKE NEWS  Sad you don't know what you are doing in the Whitehouse.  YOU WANT TO BE AN OLIGARCH, we get it. Go to Russia for that wish
But it's okay for government (the president) to block people on twitter and violate their 1st amandement rights?
FOX still bashing HRC and BO.  What's wrong? Can't find anything to say about DJT without offending him? Bias
That's a fact
To increase profits, FOX encourages Trump and Republicans to spew lies uncontested in order stir up the hate that keeps people watching..

Trump's  transparency is a blessing unlike the dems media always trying to canive up some fake story!
Are you not part of the MSM? You too, have neglected your duties.
I agree!
@realDonaldTrump @carriesheffield if those sleeves were just a little shorter, there would be trouble!
#45 didn't win the popular vote.The mainstream media IS doing their duty representing MORE THAN 1/2 of the PUBLIC who didn't vote for him!
You are neglecting your duty to represent 3/4 of the country.
They don't represent anyone.   They share the news.
you rep about 30% of the country. Nice try though. I wouldn't watch if paid
No other president has been as vocal in his attacks on his predecessor, and calls people names. That's juvenile not presidential
More than half the country
Carrie Sheffield only represents Americans who make 250k+/yr # PrezLoser
Problem is MSM exists because u created it.see #alternativefacts without alt-media that uses innuendo conspiracy and fear MSM doesn't exist
Fox= where men harass woman daily.  Gross perverts!
I'll take CNN, ABC, NBC, CBS over Foolish Fox any day.
To be be fair (and honest) it's more like 34-39% of the country. Most Americans vote for Hillary, as a reminder.
GO CARRIE!! @carriesheffield 
I don't think you believe that - I think, like the rest of us, you find the current occupants in the White House to be an embarrassment
Keep tweeting @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
MSM have accurately represented the less than half of the population of the country aka Trump voters as the pathetic duped marks they are.
The media shouldn't "represent" anyone.  It should report facts. If those facts bother you, suck it up and deal.
Yeah we know this. But the more you tweet things below the office of Potus..you lose supporters and give media ammo
Umm but FOX only reps 30%
Real news. #Traitor #TrumpRussia #TrumpShouldResign #Resist #Impeach45
Nope. Not half.  The 65 MILLION of us who hate #trump do not need you.
Who is this twit?
FOX IS FAKE NEWS! NOW APOLOGIZE TO COMEY AND MAKE FAKE REPORTERS RESIGN!
The media's job is not to represent half or all of the country. The media's job is to hold the powerful to account for their actions.
Duty to represent the public, what false narrative is this? They are to represent the facts.
So faux news does that everyday

What POTUS' son admits to in this statement is jaw dropping in and of itself. https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status/884164341649600512 …
Fox is the only reliable news source.  I appreciate their unbiased delivery of the news.  You can't get that with any other news channel.
President Trumps Twitter account is his own business I wish that the Fake News media would just stay off of his back he's doing a great job
THIS FROM A FAKE NEWS SOURCE! BETTER LOOK IN THE MIRROR BEFORE YOU  ACUSE OTHERS!
And  your spewing fake news to the president. How does that make you feel?????
And half the country turned their backs on MSM a long time ago.
Subtle correction ~ they have failed to represent "over half" of the country!!
The Liberal Democrat & the Left wing fake news media are spreading HATE towards Pres.Trump. Who cares about the media, we love Pres.Trump.
And that's how this happens?!
Hollywood and the entire entertainment industry are bunch of manipulative terrorist sooner we stop being slaves the better off we'll be
4:43 pm EtTime. Trump's seedy deeds & trail of lies breaking Twitter as things done in dark come into the Light...Fox immorality out, too.
I love your Twitter use. Please never stop.
Which half does Fox "represent"? #foxisdying #unfitfortv #onesided
What's even worse: The president fails to represent it's country and 64% of its citizens
Seriously? You really want to kiss Don Jong Trump's behind like that? Fox is really the #FakeNews   #25thAmendment #FakePresident

