#FreedomCaucus has it right. GOP RinoCare will make obamacare worse. Repeal it all, remove regulations, & let the market work. #freedom
To hell with sick people, let em die.
You are making False conclusion.  Actually the ACA is more likely to cause that since people can't afford deductibles and avoid care.
Trumpcare was worse.
Oh I agree with that. Both plans suck and will lead to worse and more expensive outcomes.
GET ON BOARD
you mean if they bend over for you?
Veto the budget!!!!!
you are cutting cutting where are you getting funds
Let's remember a simple flat tax will "kill" low wage earners, it heavily taxes "survival" wages. 
Any tax MUST be progressive !
PLEASE,Mr. President,REPEAL,then REPLACE.Get rid of O Care completely,we don not want to remember the horrid experience!Praying for you!
Except for the healthcare part.
It's a shame... Your own party despising you.  Your EGO is badly bruised
Uh, Donnie messed this up.
So you really like the bill Ryan put forth? Now you attack some of your most ardent supporters!
He never read it. He doesn't care. Get it yet? You elected a brain damaged orangutan.
These criminals will pay in 2018 and Beyond for the way they slandered and discarded the intelligence of American Voters! #WeDoNotForget
You mean Trump, I assume.
Got it right this time big guy?
Massive tax cuts for the richest and unpleasant reforms for the poorest.
Socialism has failed across the globe throughout history. Get an economic system that works.
Do you share roads? Do you share a fire brigade? Police? water? sewerage? This got build and belongs to everyone via socialism.
To suggest a few public goods validate the model of an economic system is ridiculous. I didn't say all public goods are bad
You didn't say much at all - you just said socialism has failed, without proffering a viable alternative that doesn't kill people.
you were quoted in an article by @voxdotcom
If @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive ta...
you are taking from the very poor and giving huge tax cuts to rich your family
Last of my 5 moves: #NameAndShame. Those who disagree with me get this childish response but usually laugh it off. Why dont they respect me?
Don't listen to him guys. He's got no credibility, commitment & sustainability. Without transparency, I don't see respect or trust growing
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @NPR
Dear @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador , Keep your promises to support @POTUS44 Get on the #TrumpTrain and help America! R/T
@PimpingPolitics @RepMarkMeadows @Jim_Jordan @Raul_Labrador threaten to run someone against them with a lot of $ from RNC
Our 2 main #political parties both corrupt so only fund those willing to sell souls. #Trump used own money & his prior fame brought media!
The FC saved your ass from losing the House in 2018, and you getting impeached in 2019 if NP were to become Speaker. Support @freedomcaucus
The rich do not need massive tax cuts.
And MILLIONS will lose their coverage
Great healthcare? Why didn't we see THAT plan instead of the one that kills the poor and makes the rich even richer?
They're smart enough not to cast their lot with your corruption, baboon.
they aren't on board because Ryan's plan sucked.
If the withdrawn bill is the best Trump could do for poor people who voted for him, boy did they make a big mistake..Its Incompetent!!
Gentlemen, pls just follow POTUS agenda. He won the national election;you did not.
@realDonaldTrump Sherrod Brown will NOT be beaten in Ohio with @PRyan Care, esp. by a flawed candidate like @JoshMandelOhio.
THESE GUYS R FOR THE PEOPLE.THEIR PEOPLE VOTED FOR YOU AND RYANCARE IS NOT A GOOD PLAN.REPEAL OBAMACARE AND ALL ITS ROOTS,UNTIL 12/31/17,
We the People want this crap law repealed.. no more bullshit get it done we are very tired of political garbage
Stop bullying. Worse healthcare and tax cuts for the rich is not what we want.
Don't just pass this bill for the sake of getting something through. Please do it right. I believe in you, President Trump.  Keep promises!
*for the rich only
Amazed at the idiots here that don't realize there is 3 bodies of gov't. Quit blaming the President. Look to the Sen./Reps also to WORK! Smh
if by great you mean a lot less and with massive tax cuts you mean just for the rich then yeah no lies here
This is so weird....you're the president and you conduct business through calling out members via tweets.
Tax reform in favor of the wealthiest like yourself. This is what repealing Obamacare was really all about.
How are the threats working out for you, Donnie? These guys are more concerned w/voters & donors than a bully w/35% approval & no coattails.
#SwampAgenda  only. HURTING VOTERS.
the so-called president's men are now asking for immunity. It's a disaster.  What a disaster.  Only 70 days in.  Sad.  Very sad. Believe me.
LOSER
IT INFURIATES ME THAT U ALL WEREN'T READY2GO AFTER7YRS OF WHINING ABT IT!
You think taking Healthcare away from 24 million Americans when you said that you were going to get healthcare for everyone is it good thing
Please repeal #Obamacare first.  Don't replace it with another government run system.  Just tweak the existing PRIVATE healthcare system.
Don't worry, the American people will be voting them out in 2018 & 2020 if they don't pass healthcare and any other issue we voted for!!!
#UnitedwithFreedomCaucus
We were promised a full repeal. A promise is a debt owed to " We the People ". #FullRepealNow #KeepthePromise  #UnitedWithFreedomCaucus
Nope
I rather suspect massive bribes to buy votes, you shyster.
President _rump, if you're the "Deal Maker" you claim to be, why worry about em?
If only you didn't suck so much and learned to read, maybe we'd have a shot.
How about doing something with student loans.  I'm 68, retired, and my wife and I are still paying off student loans.
Healthcare is not POTUS' or govt job. #Repeal. No govt replacement. Freedom.
Of course this is a lie.  Trump wants to destroy health care for the poor.
LIE
Begging over twitter Donnie? Really?.. really?
@realDonaldTrump if you'd quit tweeting like a bird and did the job you were elected to do, that'd be great.
We the People do not want gov in our health. Death cannot be prevented but gov can expedite it as in England. Out please!
Hopefuly they all would come to reaiization and think wisely,to get things done, set aside our self-centeredness and differences,won't work.
yes  defy the puppeteers Paul and Cruz
try coming up with a plan the PEOPLE want.
Wow, just 2 guys are holding you back? Great "art of the deal" closing.  You're a GD genius Gump!
ha! Ha! Ha!
you are old enough to realize that you don't know everything. You are acting like you are 18 and got the world by the tail
This caucus believes in doing things right. Not spending this country to death.
Build the wall around your swamp
Bravo to these fine Americans for standing up for what is right for the people, not their own pockets
Paul Ryan introduced a health bill to split the Republican Party and to give the dem weapons to attack you! Do not listen to him!
and your wealthy friends would be delighted
#Trumpcare was a tremendous disaster!
Good
Donald Trump it's not the freedom caucus his problem it's Paul Ryan's problem the plan is not what we want the American people change it
@SenSanders would very much like to meet with you about healthcare.
And millions of people without heath insurance how is that great
@POTUS You won't be there so don't worry about it! If there is justice in the world, you're going to jail! #ImpeachTrump
Will you look for any bipartisanship during your term?
All of congress needs to get on board or find a new job. This is getting old real fast. Need to call out any that dont team play
Love you dearly, but you are dead WRONG on this one.  REPEAL fully.
Single payer Medicare 4 all. The people might actually like you @potus if you do
Donald Trump is a snake oil salesman
They will, we all will, with the right legislation. No Obamacare remix, please.
They are your friends.  Did any of them cancel an appearance with you?
Every time I read this, it ticks me off. Paul Ryan & McConnell have sold you Crap! Big money RINOs want you to fail! They ARE the swamp!
Do you people have something better to do?
WRONG! Mr. President.
You need to work with them MUCH MORE, fire the idiot who said you can trust Ryan, and stop trashing members of the Freedom Caucus.
Why don't you get down and do your job and fix it then?
Trump is self-serving, QUINTUPLED Trump Tower rent where Secret Service renting.
Glad fiscally responsible Repubs.not fooled by @SpeakerRyan garbage bill https://www.cbo.gov/publication/50252 …
The same Freedom caucus who has been fighting the establishment! Yes, just like they challenged Paul Ryan for speaker right!?!? Hmmmm oh...
We need help on the bottom not the top 1%
Where was the plan to replace Obamacare? What the $&@? Have have you doing for seven years!
If they get on board they WILL BE VOTED OUT!!
It's always someone else fault....you are perfect. All hail Donald Trump.
Massive tax cuts for the rich!!!!!! Not for people like me!
Yep!  Both of them geared toward helping the wealthy and screwing the poor.  I bet the people who voted for you are just thrilled right now!
If We the People wanted an establishment president we would have elected @JebBush you ran as anti establishment, what happened?
SHORT-TERM ->HC TRANSITION BILL; LONG-TERM -> SavAccts, State-Lines, Tax Credits
On board the ship of fools, headed down shitcreek
No, you. can't. have. both. and you know it. You just want to give the rich more tax cuts because you hate the rest of the 98%.
Meet with them. Let them work with you. @RepMarkMeadows should have been involved in the beginning. Unite the party & let's govern 
Understand @realDonaldTrump is bullying allies! Stop listening to the enemies of the people!  @RepMarkMeadows @Jim_Jordan @Raul_Labrador
Bullying isn't the art of any deal. Can't you see it's not working!
if you had a real plan.  Oh!  But you don't.
Everyone needs to pay for Healthcare. Even if a small amount
Nooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Bad that YOU are not onboard with @RepMarkMeadows @Jim_Jordan @Raul_Labrador 

Instead you back the feckless Paul Ryan!
Trump is a eunuch widely despised by smart liberals & cave dwelling con jobs alike. NO ONE is scared of your empty bluster.
No we would have crappy Obamacare2.0 and lose the house in the midterms. Ryancare  was a slap in the face to your voters.
Your healthcare plan is NO healthcare. The tax cuts will be enjoyed by the rich.
You're making a mistake, Mr President, if these three courageous and principled Reps are to be your scapegoats for Ryan's failed bill.
No that is not true. Ryan are was Obamacare lite. You must keep your word and repeal first. Stop blaming freedom caucus. It doesn't serve us
NO. You need to get off the Ryan train. That man is not your friend.
Only Donald can demand everyone to support him as he is the POTUS, even if they disagree with his ideas! #jerk#babyhead#SAD
Subtle threats
IF you resigned we'd be much better off. What a failure so far!
So if they got on board more rich people would get tax breaks. DAMN THEM!
Do you think people don't want to work with you because of your lies and love for Conspiracy Theories and you just want to destroy America
Everything you try to do is hurtful to the American people. Do us a favor leave the office of the President and make America great again
We LOVE OBAMACARE! LEAVE IT ALONE!
Deuteronomy 28:10
Then all peoples of the earth shall see that you are [1/2]
called by the name of the Lord, and they shall be afraid of you. [2/2]
Amen
@DebAlwaystrump @RepMarkMeadows @Jim_Jordan @Raul_Labrador if this was a horrid bill the Dems would pass it for spite.
You don't like to pay taxes we known that before u came in power
oh yeah. Call them out you so called president
Paul Ryan is the one who is trying to screw you AND we the people.
#UnitedWithFreedomCaucus And you should stop attacking conservative values and representatives. We elected them to support us, not you.
You only care about yourself and furthering your own interests. If you really cared about the American people you wouldn't be pushing this
Doesn't matter. They're coming for you.
Liar liar
Ryan is a RINO! Work with the Freedom Caucus
Imagine controlling both houses and STILL failing to get anything done. Hahaha
Good luck. This group is not threatened by your threats.
Cutting taxes for wealthy is not what we need !!
My state representative is listening to his constituents WE HATE YOUR HEALTH CARE BILL just tweak the ACA!!
You are a bully. Talk to people IN PERSON, AS IF you were normal. Twitter is not the place.
Highly disappointed in your attack on these Reps, Mr President. You should be calling out is Ryan. He misled you AND opposed your campaign.
You're bad at math aren't you? How are tax cuts &  health care for all paid for? Certainly not by spending billions on a wall & military.
Open the boarders for insurance across state lines. Take away their tyranny!
You can't have great health insurance through Obozocare light.
Your diplomacy is astounding 
The HC law had a 17% approval rating, just barely below yours, & you love polls
We'd prefer a massive, wholesale resignation of your entire team, Donny!
Talk to them one on one but not via tweets or send me to negotiate 4 u
Who wants to board the Titanic?
The Freedom Caucus speaks for most conservatives - listen to them.
Keep barking or talking. All are awaiting for the reality
send em some flowers. They are soft!
tell us more about Russia on how you sold out the American populace
Yeah, screwing us "average joes, little guys" while making yourself and your friends richer...you LIED!!!
