That's what I told my wife last night it's 2 show N.Korea we r not going 2 put up with there crap
Russia and North Korea sees that as well. It's like killing a flock of birds with one stone.
عليكم.ان.تنظرو.الي.كل.ماتحبون.للهذا.الكوكبب.وان.زراعه.اراظ.الجنتين.التي.من.الاخدود.الي.قبر.س.هود.وفي.بحت.زاهر.شرحه.هي.ط.
Probably Prime Minister Abe applied for North Korea to launch a missile.
Because Abe thought TRUMP would forget the criticism of Japanese illegal exchange operation by missile launch.
That's why it's 115 yen per dollar. Are you OK with that? Japanese cars will step on the American car.
Mr President look like a duck！haha
You look and sound like you took your meds!
ông quan tam nhiều tới đất nước chúng tôi nhá
#Bj Why can't Obama be stopped from interfering with our gov. I am SICK of him!
show North Korea that we mean bizzness!!!
safrh
Good for you trump! We are great friends with all the members of  #shorinryu #shorinkan. Okinawa, japan. Oss.
why do you look like a lost child? So #weakdonald
#ICYMI: Joint Statement with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on North Korea. ...
本当にトランプ？
too much appreciated!!!
#Bj Ck 20 year olds on disability because their relative works right place. Stop paying for 4 kids 4 mistakes not
Hates Donald
The North Korea problem is very dangerous to everyone in the world,we need to find a way to control them !
so...uh... Whatcha doin over there bud?
Pathetic. And I bet Mexico is really happy about deporting everyone to Mexico.  Let us know how that goes.
安倍ともできてる説
México not Bill te wall!!
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/auto-delete-your-facebook-account-after.html?m=1 …
please help me help my daughter show me you care about the little guy please i am desperate
Did you smoke a "joint" before or after the statement?
so good
I suppose it is not hard for you to empathize with a tiny belligerent man with daddy issues.
why u always against the North Korea ？
# support your president
Uhg, the press hates seeing the POTUS look Presidential..

Same can be said about your Gifs
good lord joint statement? You look like you're going to wet yourself. #embarrassment #Illegitimatepresident #unqualified
Thank god the world has real leaders like Prime Minister Abe.
@Nordtrom, @Sears @Kmart #GrabYourWallet #Snowflakes #avalanche #RESIST #BoycottIvanka #BoycottAmazon @TheDemCoalition
Updated List Companies Dropping Trump Brand:

Sears 
Kmart
Nordstrom
Bellacor
Neiman Marcus
Belk
Shopstyle
HSN
Jet
macy's
how toxic is your brand when even Kmart dumps you?
toxic!, very toxic
So glad you took some time away from your vacation!
Finally you do something right.
Your part was essentially "ya, what he said" which is, of course, what made it one of your best statements to date.
that is why trolls are following him right
stop interrupting SNL.  At least wait until a commercial.
SNL is murdering you
SNL has sucked for over 10 years now.
Am I the only one who thinks #SNL is shit

Tune in to SNL!! Hysterical 
May Good shelter us from evil. What you are doing Mr. Trump is not wrong.That's why you've had so much opposition.God bless
do it fast
one missile Korea, two missiles Iran,  who's next? They don't don't look too afraid. They think you're a joke
.@realDonaldTrump No Hate. No Fear. Refugees are welcome here. #usa #donaldtrump p
- that's great and all, but when will get the saturday night live rant?
shouldn't you be running the country, instead of tweeting every couple of hours?
are there gonna be Lazers on the wall
Go Trump!!!
so true
didn't miss it. Do miss @BarackObama.
president  woman hands!
trump is an embarrassing jackass
I see you finally let go of his hand.  What? Did President Bannon  tel you to let go?
Prime Minister Shinzo translation: someone please save me from this crazy tiny hand cheeto stick. is it still 911?







ICYMI = In Case You Missed Impeachment?!
clap that's your name or what you have?
that's for me to know and you to find out ;)
嗨
Resign you  #FakePresident #ImpeachTrump

I am envious of American citizens with extraordinary new president of justice! It is!
.@realDonaldTrump can you look less awkward?

hands
Internet keeping me sane while also driving me insane. 

2017.
while my therapist disagrees, I think it's true
. Very good PR and publicity for your property Mar Lago
our position with Japan couldn't be clearer.
.@realDonaldTrump DON'T PRETEND YOU'RE NOT WATCHING SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE!!!
ICYMI: over 13,000 Americans made a statement by signing up as a #MuslimAlly at http://trueislam.com 
go back if you love Islam so much and fuck sharia law too
go back where?
She's a trollbot. Carry on good sir.

Police Chief in Sweden: "Muslim refugees will rape you, so don't go out after sunset." https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/830592833652453377/video/1 …
Good thing we aren't in Sweden then or ? Got Facts/Stats to back that up ?
so the police department telling you fact are not facts enough 4you??? Moronic lol
Research. If muslim men were raping more the numbers would be up. Unchanged.
Korea for the Koreans, White country's for Everyone is #whitegenocide
America at war with china? Along time ago...or am I getting that wrong...
Don't you  ever LOOK LIKE YOU CARE?
打倒美帝国主义，你们一切的和平演变的阴谋是不会得逞的，中国人民是团结的，我们不惧怕任何东西，社会主义万岁，毛泽东主席永远是好的领导人。
打到美帝国主义，一切对中国的阴谋都不会得逞，中国人民团结，中国人民爱国，社会主义万岁!
it wasn't mentioned.  You  lie!
so happy you're my president
anyway you can stop speaking in Public. Let Pence do it he sounds Presidential. You learn to read.
you look so embarrassed
I'm so glad that you're standing behind Japan. North Korea is doing illegal missiles over to Japan. @MargotBirckhead
what about  #fukushima ?
看你一本正经的装B，安倍狗很尴尬的
with these small dead hands.....
fake news.
Shinzo should be responsible for his snot of history crime
what lots of jokes. Put this on comedy channel.
please avoid the indigenous peoples land. Haven't they lost enough.
invite al de sur korea jajajajajajajajaja
maybe it means something else ??? ... hope it's not a threat !!!
PrinceRezapahlavi_Trump_sos
#princerezapahlavi_trump_SoS  5
yep and he thinks you are a nut job too.  You are embarrassing the entire country.
you do realize that Minister Shinzo doesn't like you...
At all.
These leaders don't seem to want to shake your hand! I thought you were the germaphobe!!!! LMBBO!
Flynn was also doing your two women you no the escort and the trainee the one that has the failed clothing line.
you look like you're trying to hold in a fart.  Seriously, WTF?
#princepahlavi_trump_SoS

. Good Job
You look hostile and bored. I suggest you get a protocol coach, your handshake with Mr Abe was abysmal, he rolled his eyes.
your awesome Mr President @POTUS ,, keep on rocking making AMERICA SAFE AGAIN and GREAT AGAIN, MAGA 
सम्पूर्ण मानव जातिको मुक्तिको मार्ग :
 https://www.facebook.com/janabadi/posts/1298845146862462 …
 https://www.facebook.com/janabadi/posts/1298834796863497 …
Trump 2020
he'll be impeached before the end of 2017.  Good luck with that!  @SenWarren #2020!!!
bahaha@SenWarren go watch SNL with all your other loonie libbie sore losers.
sore losers?  Seems 45 has been on the losing end quite a bit!  
Thank you to great red state of Georgia for the electoral votes!
lololololol this shit hole is as bad as Mississippi!  Nothing great about Georgia!
can't wait to get back to a state that believes in education and humanity!  Back to Virginia!
Virginia is very beautiful state
it looks like the donald has to remind himself to breath every 4 or 5 counts
Is that a GPS who translate?
looks like a terrified child whose dark secret will be exposed as soon as he opens his grossly unqualified mouth. #resign
You look scared Donald. You forgot your earpiece again, are you ok?
wonderful news! Thank you so much @POTUS! We are so lucky to have you to make America great again! One Nation Under God!
tell china if N Korea attack US or an ally it the same as China attack. We US will used whatever force even Nuclear
There's no need to capitalize "statement"!
Great.
"DUH, WHAT DO I DO NOW MOM?"
you said nothing about N Korea.
Thank both of you for warming relations. We need peace and bisiness deals acceleration to MACH 5  not war. Trump wins
where's your press conference about Russia's missile test and spy vessel and planes in US territory..did I miss it!
就喜欢你听的仔仔细细的日语@然后也不带同译耳麦
Embarrassed ALL Uncomfortable handshake-classified discussion in private club-no hdphones for translation of PM remarks SAD
In the background a wiggly-wobbly
Again, you are the lesser man
I feel in my bones that we will never get along well together.
You were stumbling all over yourself. So UNpresidential. You looked like a fool reading and standing there. SERIOUSLY!
Sir, Americans & Indians are great .They should try to save this holy earth & make it without of any stain of  human blood.
He doesn't even know your name.
perfect statement. ! Best one yet.
your thoughts...can I eat just popcorn for dinner? Popcorn is yummy. I'm good at standing still standing is easy. I'm smart
Thank you very much for Joint Statement with our Prime minister Shinzo Abe. #トモダチ作戦
my president Mr. Donald Trump America must stand strong do not let all the countries put America down it's time TJ pray
Aren't you embarrassed to stand by PM Abe w/ no translation device when he'ss addressing the public in Japanese. Sad!
understands just as much of what #PrimeMinisterAbe is saying as he does EOs written by #PresidentBannon. Sad! #ICYMI
as for you #45 you and your administration got to go I've said right when u going to run PUTIN clown,
To reunite, STOP occupations,negotiate dismantling ISRAEL ZIONIST entity  APARTHEID"ويسألونك عن الجبال فقل ينسفها ربي نسفا
couldn't you think of anything more to say...maybe something about how many votes you got?
So you were up watching SNL? What did you think?
Great stuff.... Good Ali Great People
For all you losers that tweet anti-Trump crap- we see what liberals are truly like & a Democrat will never be Pres again.
you look like you're going to puke every time you step in front of world leader. You're not cut out for this. Give. It. Up!
never has anything of substance to say.  Sad!
it's a disaster
the only problem I had with this is .. we stand WITH Japan not BEHIND. @POTUS
so glad that there are many things that we can work together for the world you both are winners
O
When will Donald learn to tie his neck tie
hi
the (D) are trying to bring your administration down. You are being monitored. CNN looks quite happy with Flynn's exit.
Best wishes！

you know dons thinking what do I do with my hands.
great work up to now
put trump in jail
Weekend at Bernie's
The Camera's been drinking..
384114
40404

I need a written one to read
