
Obama is the liar! Liberals can get in line and follow him straight to HELL. THAT IS WHERE THE ANTICHRIST, WILL SPEND ETERNITY!

Liberals are so full of hate!
You said liberals can go straight to hell, remember?
If they follow obama, HELL is where he will lead them!
Jesus was a liberal.
JESUS WAS PERFECT. LIBERALS ARE NOT!
@realDonaldTrump may hold the office but he'll never be the President. All he can do is campaign & respond to damage to his ego. Infantile.
President Trump is the best President in our history!
Trump talks about himself & whines daily about how unfairly he's treated. Even if I liked him, I'd be unhappy with him. Blind faith = blind.
PRESIDENT TRUMP IS NOT A PUPPET FOR NO ONE, UNLIKE OBAMA! THE LEFT HAS LOST THEIR CORRUPT MINDS. LOVE IT
Trump is disliked by liberals, moderates and many conservatives. He's vile, erratic, selfish & has more interest in his ego than his job.
Hillary is crooked. LOCK HER UP!
Didn't you ask the Russians to find Hillary emails.Im sure Obama told you want he knew. What have you done.
Obama and hillary are corruption!
Obstruction is what you did when you tried to get Coats, Rogers, Comey, etc. to cover up the investigation or stop it.
Libtard bots are PATHETIC! LOOSING MESSED UP THEIR MIND!
Hahahaha! Anyone stupid enough to think using libtard as an insult is clever is pathetic. Not a bot, just a middle aged pissed off woman.
There are those words again - colluded & obstructed. Must have a lot to worry about.
Not your best word choice there, chief.

This is psychology 101 text book projection.
Honey u r just a mess-who did O collude w/& what did he obstruct? 2 b clear McConnell made lite of it 2 as did 20 GOP governors
So... you seem a bit agitated... just how much cash DO you owe the Russians?! Feeling the pressure just a bit? #TrumpRussia #Resistance
@realDonaldTrump Please stop using twitter. You outbursts are misinterpreted by so many. It has to stop.
Obama, Obama Obama Obama. Russia Russia Russia, Clinton. I have some of the best words!
Barack Obama confronting Vladimir Putin on the G20 Leaders Summit in Hangzhou on September 5, 2016.
When Obama received the CIA report in August, he instructed aides to evaluate how the election system could be vulnerable..
BULLSHIT LIES
This is "no, you're the puppet" 2.0
Trump is doing whats called psychological peojection right now. He does it often, very childish "no YOUUU are the colluders!!! Waaaa"
All the money in the world cannot buy brains, common sense, integrity, class, ethics....need I go on?
Collussion is you working with Russia & hackers to win election. Look in the mirror then say the word crooked. To quote you: unpresidented
I'm sorry your confused you're the one being investigated for obstruction of justice take your dementia medication you're rambling again
You need medication asap, seriously!
You sound very desperate! Pointing fingers but we all know you are d TRAITOR!!! You cheated & colluded to get a job you are unqualified 4!
you want to look at yourself pal
You are simply obsessed. It would be funny if you weren't an old man. And president.
When under felony investigation, you dare to accuse Obama and HRC of felonies with no basis in realty. You're seriously mentally unhinged.
Still mad that no one likes you, well.... no one likes you. The reason you lost the popular vote is simple, your a racist xenophobe!
Holy shit, we’re about to find out the real reason, aren’t we? And you’re putting out the lie to your base.
...and did not want to "rock the boat." He didn't "choke," he colluded or obstructed, and it did the Dems and Crooked Hillary no good.
You call Hillary crooked, at least she's not a traitor like you. Russian lover
You're the sitting President now.  What will you do?  How will you address with your buddy Vladimir?
You are exactly right!!!
You should know all about collusion. Where is your tax return??
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 6 Months, 25 Days, 4 Hours, 9 Minutes, and 45 Seconds
Or less......
You're right!
So glad you are our President!
I hope we can get our temporary Travel Ban passed so we can keep America Safe!
Maybe we can get another SCOTUS today too! ;-)
Wanna make a bet Obama knew of the collusion against @BernieSanders and just didn't say shit about it?  
Collusion with a foreign country and the DNC promoting Clinton over Sanders are two veeeeery different things #rubesupporters
Except there is still no evidence of collusion so, about that  
Trump says there's evidence now and Obama did nothing. Can't you read?
Agree 100%! They lied and spied to cheat America & should be punished! Obama/Clinton are so dirty!
Which is why Hillary has already been cleared if wrong doing TWICE already but your son was exposed for collaborating with the Russians
...and did not want to "rock the boat." He didn't "choke," he colluded or obstructed, and it did the Dems and Crooked Hi...
Trump owes 150 American Companies $1 Billion dollars, Mexico $32.5 Million. He's under investigation with Brazil!
Obama is a stinken traitor & needs to be put in Gitmo with his friends.
MSNBC & FNN are at it again! Hysteria over nothing! Talk abt grasping at straws. They lk worse w ea phony attempt to insult prez. MAGA!
Hold up. Trump campaign met w/ Russians while he begged them to hack his opponent, but HRC/Obama colluded w/ Russia? C'mon.
The Donald has been kissing Putin's ass for years, denying Russia meddled in 2016 election for months. Suddenly wants to flip reality? Nope.
Facts don't matter to Trump. Bashes wind energy in Iowa, our best wind state, because he thinks coal looks tougher. Rhetoric over rationale.
45 sells nostalgia, trying to take us back to when white men did whatever they wanted. Why no nostalgia for hating Russia, Reagan's big foe?
Trump goes to bed watching Hannity, wakes up to Fox and Friends. Anyone who had that habit would be crazy and delusional.
Maybe you should watch more of fox news instead of the fake stuff
@JacFlannery
Disgusting to see how much the mainstream media covered up.
Whatever.  You won, now do your job or get out of the way and let VP Pence to do it.
When you insult Hillary Clinton you are disrespectful of leaders that served our nation successfully. Please act presidentially.
My first name is Brandon. Why are you impersonating me?  /s

We're doppelgängers re: political views.

Great Brandons think alike.
You allowed a foreign nation to violate our sovereignty with no consequences. Traitor
so he did collude or obstruct? What???
We sh lk into female lawyer who met w Trump jr. Podesta has 75 shares r/t Russia. Stay on policy. Let FNN idiots continue 2 run in circles
Obama at the very least put sanctions on Russia and remove them from the US. That's not collusion that's called punishing the culprits. What have you done? You welcomed them with opened arms to help you win the presidential election. We know the Russian's own you! Stop lying!
DT IS FLAT BROKE!! He was bought off, Russia/Putin paid him $1 Billion dollars! He owes China $1 Billion ++ dollars!
I'm going to "rock the boat" until you recant your statement about trans troops and promise that their rights will be protected equally.

The one on the right looks dirty and cheap
As soon as he would have went after the Russians hard you would have cried like a baby they rigged the election it's rigged
Hillary did not stand a snowball's chance in Hell of winning w/o rigging polls & MSM lying for her. She was poison. Deep down most know it.
Last week you blamed Hillary of colluding with the Russians. This week President Obama. Is Jesus Christ next?
Trump response:  "Jesus who?"
lol
I think we need to start giving psychological exams to presidential candidates, he's crazy af, smh. #Resist #notmypresident
Should have never let a person from kenya, become president!
he's from Hawaii, his father is from Kenya.  what r u trying to say about Kenyans? #AlternativeFacts
His brother has copy of his birth certificate. He was born in kenya!
He was not. Why do u guys harp on that so much even if he was because there have been other candidates born outside US to an American parent
Obama is not an American citizen! He should have never been a president of the United States! CONMAN
His mother was an american citizen and he was born in America, therefore he is an american citizen.
He was born in kenya!
Liberals are the ones with a mental illness! Lost their minds. Corruption will do it every time!
When obama is in PRISON, WHERE HE BELONGS!
You don't know what collusion means, yet you're guilty of it.
Isn't it amazing that the president is still calling her names? He has absolutely NO fucking respect for the the office he holds. Pathetic.
One of the biggest crooks that ever held any public office, especially President, calling someone else "crooked".
And you're stuck with him till 2020  it's so shocking
The only saving grace is that he can't last that long.
His party has no appetite to hold him accountable for anything. He's gotten away with murder (everything short of it)...
Give him time, he'll do that, too. 
It's pretty remarkable, and the people who be hurt the most are still supporting him.
They must be getting closer!!! I hope u rot in jail!!
"Give em hell Harry!"
You obviously do not know the definition of obstructed and colluded!
Who's choking on North Korea Lil Kim is scaring you
The country thinks your such a wuss...
Hang Obama hang Hillary Clinton
Yet another of your tweets that poses the question, is Trump a troll or is he really that stupid??
Don't you have work to do?
Blatant #projection. #Trump is preoccupied with Russian collusion & obstruction of justice charges. Can't plant that association on Obama.

You need a psych exam because you are nuts.
Are you serious right now?
But I thought you said that the Russia story was a hoax? #soconfused
Sure are using Colluded and Obstruction a lot. OOO Bigly fun new words, now that you know their meaning. Deflect off #TrumpRussia in 3,2,1..
Let us talk about Draft Dodging Trump. Or Bamkruptcy Trump. Lying Trump. Dirt Bag Trump
Trump.  The word "collude", you can't use that except in reference to yourself.  It has a specific meaning that only applies to you.
The accusers are often the ones that end up being the accused. Can see why "Deplorable Hillary" was so quick to delete all her emails now
Is that why your folks were talking to Putin about relaxing sanctions?
Why is it Jared hired the best lawyer in the country if he doesn't have anything to hide. $2000 an hour and there is nothing there let's see

You have to hear me/us and turn yourself free and clear of your rage and inner conflict.
Cooked Hillary again? You're a psychologists wet dream. Project much? I'm shocked you haven't called her orange yet.
You are not worthy of licking his boots. You have accomplished nothing, and you shame the office.
Do you actually believe the shit you spew? Or do you just lie and twist facts out if SOP?
Ur a very sick man/boy!
strong accusations . This would be worrisome except that it came out of your mouth. Be careful your microwave is listening.
Don't be so negative, you don' wear it well.
Don't you have some taxes to release?
It's really not an act with you, is it?
水一波路过
Blah, Blah, Blah, more nonsense from a senile insecure and privileged man baby. You control everything but your overwhelming ignorance. 
Way to spread your own opinion about what happened..
Didn't realized when Trump did the Apprentice he was stupid
But wow! As President it is really clear......
Trump is really stupid
Hey Demented Donnie - New parfum - Complicit Obsession.
GUILTY
Are you really that thin skinned?
Absolutely he should be held accountable
You must be really jealous and envious of @BarackObama 's popularity as you keep comparing yourself to him. Did he tweet about Bush?
.@realDonaldTrump narcissicists always accuse others of what they in fact are doing themselves , so it's real gaslighting.
Our lying misinformed Trumpard Russian conclusionistt trying to play his child games and deflect, not working Trumptard.
It would be really great if you would put crazy KILLERY, HILLARY, Behind bars for at least 50 years. After all the laws that she has broken.
Colluded and obstructed is your deal.
#TrumpLies
So he helped you get elected?
Obama colluded but you are the one sucking up to Putin. I don't get it.

You're doing Americans no good. Quit whining and do something good for America - like resign!
You colluded and obstructed. You're so obvious, Joe McCarthy would have chewed you up and spit you out. You're anti America - pro Russia.
People with class do not throw fake shade at their opponents.
What does that even mean?
Stop talking shite Drump.  What are YOU going to do???? Every other person is to blame.  Wait till your secrets are all exposed.  PRISON!
Look. Someone has so much time for twitter. Great role model. Totally what Presidents do. #MAGA #MakeAmericaGripeAgain #FollowHisExample #No
Stop lying. Now.
Let him rant he, sounds like crazy old man he says Obama colluded with Russia his tweets are his sick mind blaming others for his stupidity
Conman phony crook. Draft dodging coward
Hillary is the best
And by the way, there's no such thing as "a real Donald Trump"!!!
Are you even human?
Crooked that's right!
I see you are continuing your pattern of accusing others of what you are doing. Keep it up, I saw thru that months ago
Keep saying Crooked Hillary while you continue as the most corrupt president in U.S. history. We see you as you are.
Your emotional growth stopped sometime around the age of thirteen.  Resign now.
So you win with Obamas help ??
well Treasonous Trump...it appears your win has exposed you & your family to a multitude of possible criminal charges. #WIN
#StopTalking
You don't even know what any of this shit means SAD!
Bahahah! You so transparent I could project slides on you, man. So jelly of Obama. But I get it. He= Platonic POTUS Ideal
And what have you done besides collude with Putin?
Liar!
MAGA: Make Another Gaffe Again
Were you trying to free style, Mr. President?
C'mon!
Hey Donny 3 chins! You need to get over Obama great POTUS and Clinton move on little hands! Were are your taxes Comrade?
Putin...was...helping...YOU...win. And that's a DEMOCRAT scandal? Have you ever heard of Occam's Razor? Have Bannon explain it to you.
You're consumed by jealousy of Obama's success and our country's admiration of his work. You only deflect, no accountability, you child.
A president who chokes should not be president! He has got to have the guts to pull the trigger when need be!
All your yak will not change the popular Vite that you lost to HC. Lose...
Will you grow up already
Libtraitors are losers ignore them President Donald J Trump after u fire them they will fade away.
You're the biggest ass in the world!  Congrats - you're are finally the best at something.  Too bad you have to embarrass the US to do it!
Get on with your short term presidency, forget the past, move on or move out!
