YOU ALWAYS PICK THE SHOOTING STARS! 
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-ousts-tillerson-will-replace-him-as-secretary-of-state-with-cia-chief-pompeo/2018/03/13/30f34eea-26ba-11e8-b79d-f3d931db7f68_story.html?utm_term=.2e33522c4e2a …
#DALEKFAIL 
@KRAUTENDALEK
EVERYONE KNOWS TRUMP IS A FUCKING STABLE GENIUS! 
#DALEKFACT
He'll put Hillary to shame, who by the way, belongs in federal prison. #HillaryForPrison
For doing nothing illegal? Old news. Catch up.
Old news?! You're an old washed up crybaby liberal & I'm enjoying your misery over our triumph! 
Turns out, Tillerson was a dud.
In an administration of duds.
Traitor . . . UAE linked to efforts to get Donald Trump to fire Rex Tillerson over Qatar support, reveal emails
Trump will shine america again
WE LOVE YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP  WOW A BRILLIANT STRONG MAN ! Thank you for protecting my Sons future I pray for you everyday.
Didn't you hear? Jesus is banned in America. Middle Eastern men are too dangerous to be let in, doncha know.
what's going on with your chin
No....when you take it off & clean it up, it becomes housing for 100 homeless veterans.
Oof
The star has been dimmed over the African sky.
How's that star today love?  Still shining?
Fun Fact: 6Million+ workers are employed by immigrant owned businesses aka JOBS

Contributing over $70B of business income
not illegal immigrants, another one that is misinformed.
Puppet president
yes another AMERICAN 
yes!
We support you MR PRESIDENT
nice work President Trump
I'm sure he will do so much for white, male, billionaires!
The world is hearing your hate & I don't feel safe anymore.
perfect another putin lackey just like you cheeto Jesus
Congrats to me for NOT throwing up every time I see and hear you speak. #RussianPuppet #Bannon'sBitch
The Star of Russia
All Cabinet picks the best!
RETWEET if you STAND IN SOLIDARITY with Sally Yates

#SallyYates #MuslimBan
Why would anyone be in solidarity for an insubordinate coward? Firing too good for her!
Please define coward as you understand it.  She stood up for what she believed to be right.
not enough space to comply- she did the popular thing not the right thing
she stood up for what she believed in when she took the oath,  THEN she stood up to be NOTICED!
exactly people keep thinking she's Brave for defying her oath
In what way did she defy her oath? I believe she did exactly what she swore to do on taking office.
Might be your personal star in your shared cell in Guantanmo #ImpeachTrump
good morning.  Keep up the great work Mr Trump
Thank you, Mr President!
and you all get richer. The End
Good news President Trump. He will be fantastic.
Block #DeVos
Serious question. #ReasonsTrumpHangsUp
#ReasonsTrumpHangsUp
Who wore it better? #ReasonsTrumpHangsUp
Hair...
The next terrorist to attack the U.S. is likely here. Moreover, they were probably born in the U.S. Think about it.
likely here? Probably American? It's a goddam certainty. The Ban-Trump monster will see to it!
A Russian Star!
congrats to @PutinRF_Eng for getting his buddy a job #ethics #treason #alternatefacts #realfacts
Maybe you should just let him talk to all other foreign leaders starting now. Since you don't know what you're doing.
LIES
once a marine always a marine Men who have faith in God we Trust just Thier presence shall promote change Love my family
,  Sir. Keep on track.   American people are behind you.
stocking the swamp just fabulously aren't you.  Whose baby will you be feeding the gators today?

wtf you stole that from me you demorat
yoğ gardaşım, #hayır cıyım!
Most people would prefer competence.
You've made great cabinet picks. Love how you're putting our country back on track. GENIOUS!!! #TRUMPTRAIN #MAGA
Sec of State is not supposed to be a star. Top diplomatic position is suited for someone who works behind the scenes.
Rex Tillerson will be great he was an excellent pick♡
He's sure going to have his hands full considering what a fucking disaster you are when talking to foreign leaders.
I'm sure he'll do a great job of pushing your agenda of personal profit above national security. #crookeddonald
New Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is one of @realDonaldTrump's most dangerous cabinet picks: http://fus.in/2jZ0jfC 
. And you lefties can't do a damn thing about it!!
Star No More
Wellp.....
TELL REX  TILERSON SOS TO NEGOTIATE W PAKISTAN NOT CALLING GILGIT BALTISTAN FIFTH PROVINCE. CHINA BENEFITS PLENTY
 You sure know how to pick em’  Keep shuffling those deck chairs on your sinking ship! #MuellerTime
he was never a star because he got fired

Congratulations to Rex Tillerson on being sworn in as our new Secretary of State. He will be a star!...
A SHOOTING star with how long it was before you put a knife in his back.
you funny. I like reading your tweets.
Bloody hell, this tweet hasn't aged well
This tweet aged well...
Celebrity Apprentice style?
heeey! Just like you seem to be obsessed with her. Tsk tsk
You can easily unfollow her! It's actually very easy
I'm attracted to you.
.@realDonaldTrump Star is pushing it. He's more of a hammer and a sickle.
hello hello
Trump claims he only hires the best people but everyone's getting canned or leaving. Trump is a moron.
next up .....Gorsuch
Ever since I have seen you in your family tree, I have wanted to cut it down.
You're a failed abortion whose birth certificate is an apology from the condom factory.
On Celebrity Apprentice?  Because I feel your whole Presidency is a bad audition.  But no one has said "YOUR FIRED" yet
hey Rex tell trump he won't send troops down south to get bad Ombré
A Star?  Is this television or the running of our nation?  You shouldn't confuse the two.
Up yours!
Now U & your buddy will remove sanctions on Russia. U R both going to make big $$ from Exxon now U corrupt SOB's.
hi
Hey, unless your name is Google, stop acting like you know everything.
the Secretary of State is not a Hollywood position. His goal shouldn't be stardom, rather a representative of our nation.
yes. A death star
Still in your reality TV mode I see.
In your eyes only. Unqualified. Russian ties. Discriminates. Conflicts of interest. We are in trouble in the world.
You know, your mom is a big liar. She said that she never makes the same mistake twice... then you brother was born
You NEVER will 65.8 million will make sure.
...
frederick douglass is alive and well...That is all that matters! Thanks trump smh
More likely help u to get impeached
Does it bother you that the American people like him better than they do you? He has at least some intelligence.
. Your clothing line still made in China? How many jobs do YOU give away. PS. Why don't you suggest Bannon wear your line 2?
He was/is an excellent pick!!
Sounds like you are praising a 2nd grader. Should the US secretary of state be condescended to that way? #TrumpleThinSkin
A star thug
the poor man
can you help repeal this beverage tax in Philadelphia it's killing small businesses and supermarkets
You stare at frozen juice cans because they say, 'concentrate'.
How many lives do you need to destroy before your belly is full?
you misspelled the last word, "rats." No problemo.
if by star you mean pawn for big oil and Putin just like you are then yea he is a star baby
The United Soviet States of EXXON! USSE! USSE!
You guys are like The Apple Dumpling Gang on meth
a Star? That's ridiculous.
doubtful as he was chosen by u.
resign! reality bs, un qualified fake pig
coup, coup, coup
I was hoping for a battle of wits but you appear to be unarmed.
You are proof that evolution can go in reverse.
You’re not stupid; you just have bad luck when thinking.
Isn't one (so called) star enough in the White House? Can you handle another star?
... Another one of your billionaire buddies who knows nothing.
We don't need a star. We need someone who can ensure the protection of the U.S. Government.
More like a Black Hole.
...star? Really? Draining the Swamp President Bannon!
SATAN....GET THE BEHIND ME...oh what, would you be able to grab my pussy????
this is not tv
it's Rex Tillerson Day. Oh wait that's #rexmanning day
#LoveTrumpsHate #alternativefacts #nominatecompotentpeople
Go get em, Rex! 
No, really. Go get them. Lock them up. Step to it!
#IJustPissedAllOverTheConstitution #WhyAreYouStillHere
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and crap out a smarter comeback than what you just said.
An Oil Star? A Douche Star? An Oil Plundering Star? Another Lover of Mother Russia Star? Be specific Donny!
He'll be the star of the newest comedy show and the worst disaster movie at the same time. You're going down, twatwaffle.
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
define star
Probably get another gold star from Putin, you mean.  You are so weak!
...this is not a TV show. America does not need a star for this important postion. Stop this please. The world is watching!
as long as he co tows to you.
pro - peoples not pulling down
Hell is wallpapered with all your deleted selfies.
heaven help us all :( ..
Sure, because he has no memory of chumminess with Putin or benefit to Exxon of lifted sanctions? We are not stupid!
I don’t know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
YEAH, THEY'RE ALREADY APPLAUDING IN MOSCOW
...you put the Ceo of Exxon-Mobil as our Secretary of State. An oil tycoon...
Hey Donald. This is our country not a fucking reality show. We don't need him to be a Star!
all stars die
THIS IS NOT A REALITY SHOW WHAT THE FUCK
Yep I am adopted, my parents chose me, your parents are stuck with you.
thank you preside t trump for selecting him!
in Russia
It's not about being a "star". It's about doing what's best for the US.
too many senators asking dumb questions make confirmations go too long.  Even a parole board only has 3 members.
too bad he looks like the penguin. Havent decided which barn yard animal you resemble yet.
I've heard that you can "do anything" when you're a star...
Another one of Russia's cronies -- yay for America (sarcasm if you do not know what it is)
This isn't reality tv, Donny.
A star?  You are dreaming.
nikki haley needs to bring Mr Kara-Moors back to USA from Russia alive!
star? This is not a movie or a tv show. Are you aware of that?
yes, let's thank Putin for that great choice. Tillerson is a star in your cabinet of deplorables. #resist #Putinspuppet
Yes, a start to the destruction of our climate.
#I'm with you.
he will help you sell this country to the highest bidder.  Self interest motivations do NOT make America great.
If by star you mean he will keep himself wealthy and only look out for the 1%, then I suppose you are right. Disgusted!
he was three thousand years ago old racks
Why be silent about Saudi Arabia, the biggest supporter of religious and Saudi money for terrorism money you arrived
Rex is a dog's name in the rest of the world so respect in lost before he opens his mouth. Woof.
He will try destroy the the health of our planet but you and he will NOT win, President Bannon. #impeachpresidentbannon
I don't want a star. I want a savvy citizen servant/leader. This ain't television, son.
But not a SUPERSTAR!
مواظب باشید دنیای سیاست دنیای کشتی کج نیست.
another in a long line of dark moments in this horror show you call a presidency Donnie
AMERICA IS BACK 2017!!! 164
Yes he is brilliant & classy.  Please don't talk war w/ Iran.  Diplomacy & communication.  We have enough dealing w/ ISIS
. He will be a crook.
more like a supernova
you're a joke.
You mean a "star" in Russia because you brought another #Putin Yes-man to help Russia be #1 over USA #PutinBitch #NotMyPrez
All the branches fell off your family tree when you were born
we are all living lights in the mind until we become port of this light that shines then our bodies go's back to the earth
to keep this earth strong! Some women don't believe in having kid's now a day's!
