Senator @lisamurkowski of the Great State of Alaska really let the Republicans, and our country, down yesterday. Too bad!
Are you ever going to visit a state you lost?
Busing people in from other states does not count for Ohio
I'm from Ohio though, white boy
Reminder...your inauguration was attended by a small crowd compared to Obamas and u didn't win the popular vote...
Broke all records?! From what? Is this like some Guiness world record thing?
...broke all records.
Broke a what records?
Amazing, fantastic, sensational, record-breaking, best ever, OMG I love myself soo much!
You're insecurities demand loyalty and "crowds" of cheering enablers.
You sure are obsessed with records.  Exactly what "record" was broken?

Just quit and go away. It'll be less embarrassing, I promise. You'll always look like a fool though. Some things can't be changed.
What a liar. Impeachment is near.
Records for what? Dopes in one spot?
The crowd did not break records, what is wrong with you? You keep campaigning, can't you just do your job? That's all people want
You broke ALL the records? What's next? 8-track tapes? Cassettes? Please, not the CDs! Please, oh please. Don't break them as well!
I doubt that excites Ohio very much.
Boy Scout families are upset though
Another fake story. #MAGA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAH
What records? most dishonest? most delirious? most obscene?
*All* records? Even the world record for sitting in a bath full of baked beans the longest?
Which records?
Broke all records? Honestly, why are you being so embarrassingly pathetic? No one cares what numbers (probs fake) you had.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz's IT guy that just got arrested by the FBI is the one who stole her e-mails. Trump get on this!
You brake all records of narcissism.  You are the most insecure person in the history of the world. The sad truth is nothing u do is great!
And yet, the lies continue. What record are you referring to? Least Presidential President ever? Yeah, well, you've got that one! #fakepres
You know you won, right?  Stop campaigning and do your job!!
Our president is an EPIC FAILURE!!!
This was the parking lot outside your rally. You wasted your money on the big tv screen. Nobody was there to watch it! You're a liar trump
Why does a sitting POTUS keep throwing rallies? He won? He just needs petting it's ridiculous!
Campaigning should be over, unfortunately you won , now get down to business at hand , Affordable Health Care.  FOR ALL.
Your tweets are fake news. All lies
Always the campaigner, never a legislature. Do you know how to write policy? Or are you just into the ra ra ra?
Uncouth actions against protesters and snide remarks uncalled for . Your deplorable ppl are only u as they're uninformed of ur doings
It was like a Stones concert!
Thanks
@GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP remember nitwits, it wasn't the Dems but the Reps who forced Nixon out! Prepare for a Rep bloodbath in 2018!
Reps voted on a healthcare bill that affects 1/6th of the US economy and they didn't even know what the bill contained...now that's corrupt!

What records did u break? Something made up in ur head is not a record
Guys who focus on "size" usually feel inadequate...
Broke what records? like ur claim u broke all inauguration records LIE Like you stated you broke the electoral college records Obama beat u
Crowds at one event don’t mask the fact that 60% of the nation disapproves of Trump.
Because he is a jerk
Broke records lol. Which record did you break? What other president held rallies in his first six months?
Obama has bigger rallies 
Lincoln had bigger rallies
FDR had bigger rallies
Joe Scarborough had bigger rallies
Scott Baio did not have bigger rallies
Ha ha!
You should see some of hitlers Rallies. They were 'uge
Speaking of Mount Rushmore, I'm really liking the look of this  
What do you think, Donald? Let's make it happen!!
we will always have haters, but @BarackObama did more for the people then any other president even with all the obstructions in his way!
a trump post became a dedication to @BarackObama who cool is that
where is that edit button

The crowd in Ohio was amazing last night - broke all records. We all had a great time in a great State. Will be back soo...
Oh please. Get a life.
When are you going to pull your head out of that dark, smelly place and stop beating a dead horse?  Oh, that's right. Never. Sad!!
WATCHED the Youngstown rally on tv!  You really have charisma!  And there is nothing more fun than a TRUMP RALLY!   MAGA!
What records? You've had bigger crowds in other arenas. Are you nuts? Losing your mind? #25thAmendmentNow
Fake news
You doing great for your country.God bless always
What did you do? Give them free beer?
This is a long time coming. The uaw crooks robbing the workers in every way. Hope  the investigations going from the top to the bottom
A good health care plan should be the same as Congress and the senators have
Why are you so obsessed with how bigly everything is?

Ok Adolf TRUMP
Thank you President Trump for caring enough about this country to put up with all the crap of these delusional people
I don't think "broke all records" means what you think it means.
If only crowd size translated into legislative success 
Lies lies
Hi Mr. President. Please HELP my COUNTRY VENEZUELA. You are our HOPE. Thanks and Regards
Trump"big" meaning tiny like other things about him
Ohio Fried Chicken
BS
I second this! #KeepOHIOClean
what records?
$40M in '74 in S&P500 = +$5 Billion today. When a business man can't  beat passive gains,  He's Not Bright and not good at business.
Anything like that huge crowd you DIDN'T have for you inauguration???
Thanks so much for campaigning.  Now please start leading, and stop complaining.
Didn't break any records
You need to get off Twitter and start doing your job buddy no one I know likes you
Love you Donald....Come to Myrtle Beach SC!!! Would love to meet you....
U had 8000 people there. Michelle Obama drew almost 9000 on a stop over in Colorado. Awwww. Lol. Toooo bad Donnie
Did you know you were not running to be a rockstar? The only way to be both, president and a rockstar is to be Barack Obama
Grow up!!
You need these rallies to give you grandiose feelings of approval don't you Don. The elections over buddy, you're just wasting money now
Why did you capitalize the word "state"? #notivyleauge
because he Can deal with it
wrong! michelle obama - TRUE AMERICAN HERO - had 20 times more people than you did. and they weren't paid to go - they paid to go!
It was the biggest. The best. Bigger! Better! --Stop already! --Please don't come back !!
Maybe U should quit campaigning and actually help get your legislation enacted thereby becoming a winner instead of what U R=A LOSER.
That's all you care about..size?!
How do you know it's broke all if you just left? Do you stand at the door with a calculator? #FAKEPRESIDENT #leakerinchief
Liar, liar, pants on fire....
Stay ..please..
Please don't. Thank you.
@POTUS What records? Sources?
You are #Fakenews.
Stop campaigning and get.some real work done. You made a lot of promises about healthcare. You are showing your true colors of bullshit.
just stop
Ok
Do you read your dumb tweets?  Why are you so hooked on crowd size? That's crazy!!!
Well you're breaking all sorts of records, aren't you @realDonaldTrump? Lowest approval rating ever recorded! #FakePresident.
So sad your ego is so fragile that you have to hold a rally to have your delusional zombies cheer you up. Sad. #fakepresident #subhumanPOTUS
Please,  feel free to NOT re-visit Ohio. Really.
What about MN?
Broke all records? Just like your itty, bitty inaugural crowds. Take your TRex type hands and go away
Hav you ever been to a Buckeye football game? I think that crowd may beat out yours.
Why the hell are you having rallys????
You are an embarrassment.
Don't believe you crowd size stories. I saw the pics from your inauguration. Looked like you down by @least 33%. Pictures don't lie.
Why are you going back? Did they just open an exclusive golf course that has your logo on it?

You claim that all of your events breaks records. Your thought process is absolutely DELUSIONAL!!
Its Ohio.....Stupid
You are an amazing President, Mr. Trump, God bless you.
Lol the SHIT talk I have seen is awesome. Let HIM brag no president Will ever get this SHIT.  Because there Will be know 1 this great again
All records? 
they better not have broken those fantomas records
I haven't had a chance to listen to them yet
Liar
Ohio is literally cancerous after those paulers and logangs became a thing
Just like your inauguration broke records? When are you going to resign?
Records for what?? This ain't a game, this is our government. #FakePresident #TrumpRussia #PutinsPuppet #impeach45
What was the record? People with an average IQ of 70?
Repeal was a lie from politicians of both parties. It's foolish to trust anyone with no skin in the game. Time for same plan for all.
What records were broken, Mr. President?
how much did you pay the people to attend?????
So you had more than 10 people show up?
Seems like everywhere you go, you break records. You're an incredible person. Probably the best president ever. #Exiguous
Sure, in a place that only hold a few thousand people.  Yeah, broke records.
Not a word about the Ohio  Amusement Ride debacle donnie? 

Pretty tasteless bro.
Wait there's a record? You have proof of this or just jerking your own ego off? #impeach45
Wow you broke all records again, there is a thesis or a novel or an encyclopaedia in looking at why you need to have the biggest crowds
There were records there??  33? 45? 78?  Really?! You live in your own fantasy world.
You forgot "very, very, very". Sloppy!
Whatever...
I just never know when someone hacks your account for a parody and when it is the real @POTUS
You didn't break any records and no one cares.
How much do you pay these imbeciles behind you?? So many familiar faces!
Crowd must have been h.....uge!! Liar liar pants on fire.
You have never "broken a record" except for lies. You lie and you are a liar. Oh, and a hater.  I can find no reason to like you. None.
Funny how empty seats = breaking records.  Also nice that the President only wants to talk to a subset of the populace he represents.
I heard it wasn't much more than 6000 people . That's the capacity of where he talked. @realDonaldTrump lies again. Record liar maybe.
You mean all those boyscouts? Your such an embarrassment to this country.
Way to go turning a boyscouts meet into a political rally.........
Sure it did
it's amazing how you just keep breaking all these records that you make up! Wow. You are just tremendous!
You broke no records except for continuous days on non-stop BS.
U do know people have published pics of all the empty seats at your rally?  You are a liar, incompetent, laughable, ignorant, please leave!
Broken record.  Always breaking records .. according to ...only you.  Laughing stock if the world.  So sad.
Did they break all records Don? All 6 thousand showed up in droves filled the venues capacity! My God the broke record that's for sure!
You say this about every crowd. Never any proof.
He's still rallying as if he were still campaigning. He needs to get his ego stroked because he's just incapable of doing the job.
Is there a federal prison there you and your cronies can serve time in while you await promulgation of your capitol punishment for treason?
fact check????
The venue held 6k people LMAO broke records for what???? Dumbest people in one room?
I heard that Ohio state played football game,once. I believe they had 6000 people show up in fact maybe even 6001!......
They probably broke the record because no other president was such a joke as to be doing campaign rallies after being in office for 6 months
"Will be back soon" - why, are there many golf resorts in Ohio?
Loving you in South Carolina! Would Love to host you and your wonderful family. Fitsler Mfg. Inc. Not over stretched- We're Over Qualified.
BBBBBBB BULLSHIT
Sure they did. Did you count them on your tiny fingers?
You're breaking records for #pettiness, #shallowness, #patheticness, #denial, #idiocy, #whiteprivilege
Haha. "Broke all records." We've heard that before.
