Here's proof Trump doesn't write ALL his tweets. There's no way he found the "ø" key all by himself.
There's no way he knows what a ø is let alone when to use it.
You can spell this name, but not TAP.
He got some help this time 
He probably envies Angela Merkel right about now.



#AmericaFirst
Bet you don't even know where Denmark is or anyone of note.
Why did you shake his hand and not Merkel's?
perfect president
"PERFECT PRESIDENT" "imperfect president."
why are all non-supports trolls? Doesn't make sense!!!
I've been called a troll - I'm just a dull old house wife
Is he a man? Because you didn't say he was a man, but felt compelled to say that Condoleezza Rice is a woman, so I wanted to check.
#trumpSchmoozes
#MoneyOozes
#AmericaLoses

#FollowTheMoney #trumpRUSSIA

#IntelligenceLeak
#OfficialTrumpSpeak
#YouBeenHad
#ByDonAndVlad
Your hashtags crack me up. 
#GottaRetainHumor
#AmidstLiesAndRumor
#GladYoureMyComrade 
#TightLikeTrumpskiAndVlad

;)

You're going down in flames mother fucker. No immunity for treason.
"Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy, He brought Lego!:
My nieces r 1/4 Danish & Grandpa Purple Heart Vet WWIIVet
Correction: Their Great Grandpa. 
Did you discuss how Danish like @Bjergsen and @C9Jensen are stealing American jobs ? 
@zoydes it's us
How come you didn't shake Merkel's hand?
Did Denmark get a bill from trump too???

For 1st time, sitting US President will pay $25,000,000 to settle case against him for fraud: Trump University. Running country same way...
Do you expect accolades for barely doing your job? Just stop tweeting about every fart. We don't care about the disaster that is you. #liar
Why?
Oh, you shook hands with him, why not German Chancelor @AngelaMerkeICDU ? A powerful woman & better person than you are...
So...you DO know how to shake hands.
Further proof you devalue women as human beings. All smiles & handshakes with men, but a pouting 3 year old cry baby when its  a woman
WSJ to announce one time campaign manager Paul Manafort also seeking immunity to testify against Trump administration. Tired of winning yet?
Ooooh wow, you were able to find the Ø character on a Unicode character map.  What a BIG BIG BOY you are! Do you still wet the bed?
It is good to see our President talking with other Leaders.
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
kk Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
#Donald I hope that you listened to #LarsLøkkeRasmussen
Maybe you can get some tips from Denmark on how a country is really governed.
So we shake hands with white men? How is Angela doing, by the way??
HE'S A GREAT GUY MR.PREZ
Look at the big boy shaking hands!  Nice job POTUS!  We all knew you could do it!  Such a big boy!
You have no qualities of a president. The only way you got in was treason and we are going to arrest you.
TRUMPO HAS DONE MOREIN HIS FIRST MONTHS THAN ANY OTHER PRESDIENT EVER! WELCOME @CHUCKSCHUMER TO REAL PRIVATE WORKING MANS LIFE YOU SHMUCK!
So you will shake hands with a man for a photo op but not with the Chancellor of Germany because she is a woman!
What? Angela Merkel had cooties so you refused to shake her hand? Ur an embarrassment . Gilt #Can'tBuyClass
Did the VP convince you to only shake hands with men?
#boycottspain
What a nice handshake and a big smile. Just like when you met with #AngelaMerkel. #TheResistance
I hope you didn't speak.  You are such an embarrassment.  Please just nod and smile until impeachment.  Thanks
#RussiaInvestigation
Nice tweet, random WH toadie with iPhone.
you didn't seem to have an issue shaking his hand. Can't wait to see Comey bring you to your knees
Prime Minister make sure you scrub your hands with lots of soap... you don't know where trump's hands have been!! 
I see you shook HIS hand.
Always shakes men's hands, afraid of women.
I'm surprised you even bothered to turn up. Wasn't there golf to be played, Mr Chump?
Dump on display with handshaking the guys but avoid that photo op with Rice and Merkle. I think you are scared of women or just prefer men.
Interesting you shake hands with a man, but not the most powerful woman leader in the world, Angela Merkle. #chauvinistbabyman
I just realized...you really like holding hands with guys, but not strong women.  Says a lot.  #TwitterInChief #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia
Great seeing a real POTUS at work!!
Did you ask him why Danes are the happiest people on earth? Well educated through college free, great single payer health and no fascists
Loser! I think you're learning the lesson too late, you already embarrassed us w the world,Germany, Australia, Canada, Japan, Mexico, psycho
How did you insult him?  #TrumpRussiaCollusion #ImpeachTrump
Yet, You refused to shake Angela Merkel's hand. You embarrass us daily.
Two WHALE killers!
He gets a handshake but not Merkel. Interesting.
UM, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN. FLYNN.
UM, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN, FLYNN. FLYNN
oh look he shook his hand. How nice. 
oh, I see you're willing to shake his hand... is it because he's a man or that he's not German?
You have had more heads of state in 70 days then any other president
Glad to see he survived your hand shake.
.@realDonaldTrump I see you shook HIS hand.
#Handshake Suck it #Merkel
Welcome Prime Minister, President Trump is Americas best President in US History, intelligent, honest, and fair. Ca. No Sanct Cities.
Why couldn't you shake that other ladies hand? Women in power must make you all pissy pants
You really suck at handshakes!
Nice of you to demonstrate your manners & shake HIS hand #yourdaddywouldbeproud
You should take some advice from him

Denmark second!
Did you give him a bill,too???
You realise that all of Scandinavia is laughing at you, right?  He might be smiling but inside  it's 'Shit, I'm going to pay for this'. :)
Why must you libtards keep running your LEFT wing disrespect to our POTUS if you have nothing to say nice.. Just don't say anything at all
I see u can shake hands when u choose. #wearewatching #russiagate #ivote #WhyIMarch Rubbish message to women around the world.
So u shook hands with him n not Condi  am I surprised? #notmypresident
If Flynn wasn't guilty, Y advise him 2 seek immunity? Ur chickens are coming home 2 roost, Donald.U're guilty of high treason against d USA
How do dems a libs sleep at night

Did you try to pull his arm off? ! #trumpsucks
So my shills in this thread...
Using special characters and brackets...impressed!
Well, at least you shook his hand.
Hum ur polls r @ 35% now
President Obama's approval rating, at 38%, is at an all-time low. Gee, I wonder why?
What a historic moment...his meeting with the shortest term president of the US.
Hey! He has a Y chromosome, so you shook his hand!
Why did you shake his hand?
I see you shook _his_ hand.. no problem with ur hearing at all .. #Merkel
How is it the only leader you did not shake hands with was a woman?
Happy to shake his hand but not Angela Merkel's? It's because she's not a 10 right? Or because she doesn't suck up to you #ManBaby
Welcome to the people's White House, we're happy you're here to meet with our  President Trump.
You shook his hand but couldn't be a big enough man to shake Angela Merkel's.  And you promote women?  Jerk!!
I threatened to triple tariff on Legos if he didn't move a plant to the USA! Everything is Awesome!
This isn't the real Donald Trump tweet. There aren't any misspellings, upper case and exclamations!
guess he doesn't play golf or it would of been in Florida so you can rip us off with your vacation
He reached for the hand sanitizer right after the pic.
did u tell him u won in a landslide & other #alternativefacts #ImpeachTrump
.@realDonaldTrump At least you were willing to shake his hand, unlike Merkel’s.
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Denmark, Lars Løkke Rasmussen {@larsloekke} to the @WhiteHouse yesterday! 
Because penis.
Is he a white supremacist, too?
No - we don't elect such people our leaders
Phew!
Denmark4Life
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Denmark, Lars Løkke Rasmussen {@larsloekke} to the @WhiteHouse yes… htt...
1
The pathetic Republican president
You shake hands with MALE leaders only?
how many heads of state have you met with now. Good job on all fronts!
Everytime you lie you should receive a shock. It worked for my dog max. Shock 12 man I cannot believe someone hasn't taken that shot yet
Many of the people on this reply chain are obviously jobless- nothing better to do other than insult the President- SAD
And an even greater thrill for him to know his neighbors won't be ruled by a right-wing nationalistic populist. Did you congratulate him?
Your doing good work mr President. U continue and put an end to right to work for less and you will be great
Later Prime Minister, "Obama way smarter than Trump and has bigger hands".
You'll shake his hand...You are a dork.
Ok
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_and_state-sponsored_terrorism …
Oh look...you're shaking HIS hand but refused to shake the leader of Germany's hand?? Oh that's right...she's a powerful woman.
Now you wanna shake hands? 
People who feel the need to brag & boast abput how great they are do so as they know they're not. Show some class.
You'll shake his hand but not the Chancellor of Germany.  You're a complete disgrace to our country.
http://bit.ly/2lQX2DJ 
#iPhone #MoveTheBall #MoveTheBallClassic Best Song Ever
#Riverdale
#SomethingDifferentOutNow
Tim Tebow Syria
you are paying more attent ion to other countrys . then to American workers
They have socialized health care.  You know that, right?
You doing impressive job God bless you but please keep draining the swamp please don't stop
Oh Tiny handed swamp king...how you make us laugh and cry...
More cry than laugh.
I hope you at least wiped those NASTY TINY hands of yours before you shook hands with the PM of Denmark.....Don't know where they have been.
Can you even find Denmark on a map, Grope?
Get any free beer?  Sold all our wind energy technology to them...now what....oh yeah...coal!!!
All the people I know.. I don't know one person who  voted for you. Not one!  You are a scam.
Dude nobody asked you to be president most Americans didn't want you.. we the people inherited a mess when we got you.
yeah boi
Hope you learned something!
Shook his hand in public, but not Merkel...interesting
Trump, ur in over drive to kill our country. Why in God's name would u sign, a bill where people can get into our personal business. ????
Hope the Prime Minister had some hand sanitizer with him
TRump, what person could look at those kids and women dying and say their the leader of the USA, UR FAKE TRump.
Every time a great politician is forced to smile and shake your hand, a part of democracy dies, and our founding fathers weep.
Stop all the meetings and get some real work done draining the swamp and getting rid of obama regs
My dad born in Denmark. Saw the British bombing Shell Building.  I am going to Copenhagen in July
he comes in last to America, don't forget
James Comey claims that you won the election because PUTIN hated Hillary !!
Get rid of him ASAP
So you'll shake his hand but not Angela Merkel's?
I bet he sterilized his hands after this! I can't imagine the germs Donny has on his hands from sitting on the crapper all day tweeting!
What about Sweden?
Susan Rice is the start of draining the swamp.
I'm sure he thought you were a joke...just like everyone else does.
hey socalledPOTUS, Denmark is bordering Sweden. You remember, Sweden?
So you do know what a real handshake looks like? I am so embarrassed of how you treated the Chancellor of Germany. #Disgrace #Unpresidented
Please try not to embarrass us again.  Also, why will you shake a man's hand, but not Chancellor Merkel's?  Are you secretly into guys?
A great day for President Trump.
That poor prime minister. Stuck talking to that asshole. Poor us, we're stuck with the moron for three more years
