I did. Then you took office & proceeded to be an embarrassment every day since!! I believe in me but not a future until America ditches you.
I did!! Then you to
We're just asking you to GET OUT?
WE THE PEOPLE VOTED!! Get off ur couch & vote next time
We've ALWAYS believed in America. Why don't you?  please stop ruining our great country.
Amen!! Most importantly Jesus Christ. Blessed is the land whose God is the Lord. Psalm 33:12
Than you President TRUMP !! God bless you for loving America and being a man of your word
Just don't believe in you!!!!
I believe you should resign
@BabyBoom4Trump I believe in you. Please don't let the haters detract you.

Hey!!Hawww! ALABAMA.....If you embrace Roy Moore & Donald Trumps views. It means you embrace "Isils" views on pedophilia and child molestation. Remember Isils?. The guys you hide under your blanket from.   Americ…
#TRUMP2020
You are fighting an uphill battle. Keep at it
Huuu let's be patient to see who will vote him for the second term
We love you right back!  Feel our appreciation and respect for you always....and forever!
Nowhere do u say believe in each other or support each other. Same old divide and conquer crap that won u that job and lost u ur legacy.
RESIGN and make America great again.

I like to believe in a future where you're a "former President" - and in an America which will make that happen. #ComeOn2020
Did you think of that all by yourself?
we can't believe in our country any longer. Yup are ripping our country to shreds. We're going to have nothing left.
You should have started your administration with this instead of venality and arrogance. To late, I don't believe you.

We can't believe you, and you've made that abundantly clear...
I for one am with you Mr. President  let's do this ... #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
America first, except for production of Trump brand products. Then it's revenue first, 3rd world countries second, then US consumers
We believe in you because you believe in us and America
Love President Trump
Make Russia Great Again
Я прошу всех граждан верить в вас, верить в ваше будущее и снова верю в Америку,eh?
Cool stuff, I believe in myself, the future and America, I just don't believe in you specifically.  Start telling the truth bud!
Absolutely.  Just don't ask 63% of citizens to believe in YOU bc, well, they don't.
Is that why all your products are made in China and Mexico?
Mr. Trump we believe in ourselves today we're looking at a shaky future. You're the president of United States what you going to do about it
@POTUS forge ahead and leave the idiots to your lawyers
God bless you Mr President and God Bless America. We are all Americans no matter Race, Religion, Political Party. Lets stop the hate.
I believed in America until you were elected! 
#NightmareOnPennAve
Mr. President, I humbly submit to you my essay: 'International Relations Today.'  Keep up your winning work sir  : https://www.abctales.com/story/seannelson/international-relations-today …
And buy my clothes line that is make in China and by the way my daughters clothes line is also made in China
Go fuck yourself. You're horrible.
This is my favorite hobby of yours.
It's my most stressful hobby. :)
Fuck you.

Just please don't  believe in this guy
Awesome! Thank you Mr. President!

God Bless you Donald Trump! Your the only one who could have saved us from the Clinton Crime Family/Mafia!
Not with you running it. I believe you will take us all down. #WorstPresidentEver
A strong America is better for the entire world
fake
Amen! And could we pleeeeeeease start holding crooked politicians accountable?! So sick of two sets of laws...one for us, one for them...bad
I believe in myself, I believe in my future and the future of my children and I believe that America will prevail despite your presidency.
could you please be any less specific?
I believe in a better America. (It was better before an insane hyena clown tried to steal it) #ItsMuellerTime
You actually believe that we can get health insurance for 12 dollars a month. What era is your senile, dementia brain living in today?
I believe he was quoted saying $12 per year, so be sure you don't over pay. He's so in touch with us regular people.
Haha, $12 a yr, that doesn't even cover an office visit.
Barely covers a small bottle of generic Ibuprofen!
me and my wife at the range.the second amendment is now safe.

You're right about that AND this IS OUR LAST CHANCE!
NEVER STOPPED!! #MAGA
Such an uplifting @POTUS what a refreshing change.
How to can work that metal factory? Can simone help please ?

What happened to the SMALL BUS  tax reductions only the BIG BUS got help
Our prez knows what it means 2B a real, red blooded, God fearing American. He exemplifies patriotism. May God always bless him & his e/day..
5 lawyers Mueller has brought on to the special counsel team have donated to Hillary Clinton
Shouldn't that be "believe in the future of White America" ?
Who cares what color you are??? Being a productive member of society is not too much to ask for. Why are liberals so against AMERICA FIRST?
The people are the the Foundation of this country restore dignity pride and respect for people that has the experience to continue to make things right
Make GOD #1 in all we do  Put GOD back in America again Only Jesus saves!
I'm still not tired of winning!!!!!
@gcamp4 THANK YOU #GAPA GREATEST AMERICAN PATRIOT ALIVE. ..
We do now!!!

I agree 100 percent with and Believe 100 percent in myself, in my future and as well as others Future. I agree 100 percent and Believe 100 percent in President Donald J. Trump and his vision, his message for America. Yes it’s truly America First
We do - it’s your sorry ass we don’t believe in!!
Our country is thriving again because of you.  Best president of my lifetime.  Thank you
We do, we just don’t believe you.
Go Trump, you are doing your best by all the good solid Americans, in a style that you can deliver and follow through on, please have a word with our PM who seems to have lost her way!
I believe in America, which is why. I will give our president a fair chance.  I am happy to know we have a president who puts us first. 
Not only America will progress and is saved..but the whole World feel save now in the hands of President Trump. God bless President Trump.
https://twitter.com/mechelle1966/status/934847506797727744 …  #TaxReform #ABetterDeal #GOPTaxScam #GOPTaxPlan #DemPartyPlatform
Write your representatives and let them know you will vote against them if they vote for the Tax bill.  https://www.house.gov/representatives 
While U collude w/Rus's Senior KGB to sabotage U.S.A. w/the World. RUS Communist State Allies w/Iran, NK, China, Syria. Get the Pic Amer?

We are but you the ass in the way DUMP TRUMP HES PARDONING HIMSELF SO HEADMITS TO TREASON N SLANDER COLLUSION LIES
The daca cave was bad
Oh, don't worry,  we believe in ourselves.   We just don't believe in you!
Trump should RESCIND congressional exemption from Obamacare
I, much like many of my fellow Americans, NEVER stopped believing. It is the weak and the fearful that gave up that you prey on. #shameful
We r 4 sure doing better now 
Obama a total failure media had to cover from day one....
Pres Trump has the PPL ON HIS SIDE N PRESS IS LOSING
We beg you to stop #lying stop stiffing contractors, stop #nepotism stop selling out to the Russians and start to pay your #taxes
That will only happen when you get kicked out of office.
So what are wages and are you only creating new jobs via rich corporations???
Please educate the public on false flags and the true power of the Rothschild family.
I don't need you to tell me this.  I've never stopped believing in the #USA.
As soon as you are out of office we will all feel good again 
(2) Pray for them! When people choose to be different that's ok! But I was taught There is always a right way & a wrong way! -
Please "stay the course" because we are proud of you Mr. @POTUS. Mr. VP Pence is an amazing VP
Amen President Trump! Your such a blessing to this Country! Your the only one that can get us back on track and I thank you Sir! #LockHerUp
Have you read his book? Here's an excerpt.

I believe in America and me. I dont believe in you and your crooked white house
Scary propaganda stuff trumpsters--see through it please. #invoke25445 #Seethruit
But, we don't believe your lies.
I did believe in America until a whole bunch of people elected a racist

are you OK
Then stop abusing your people publicly. This is a loyal voter speaking. It's unseemly & hurting you
I do
None of those things should include you.  Get out of their way so they can believe in the future.
I'm working for a Better America #TheResistance  one without the rich raping the poor. #FreePress
I believe that potus is mentally unstable IE unfit to hold office. His kids are doing potus by proxy. RICO charges for the criminal family
@Trump_World 
Prez, we believe in you, our constitution, laissez faire, & less gov't. Keep on pluggin.
Less healthcare less jobs for sure. Less lying would help too.
#ImWithMueller
Pushing for the Golden Block, eh? 
How you doin Lars?  ((Hug))
((Hug)) right back. :-) I’m not bad. Lotta medical issues this summer (not me, family members), but nothing truly awful. You?
It's year of spending money we don't have. Furnace in January, A.C. system last wk, braces for middle child next month.  And Jrs COLLEGE!
HVAC. Ouch, that shit’s expensive. And not only is college hideously expensive, but it adds insult to injury by reminding us of our age. 
We will as soon as TRAITOR TRUMP and his traitor kids are in jail enemy of the American People forget impeach, indict under RICO
Sadly, the only thing no one can believe in is YOU! Stop lying, stop deceiving, and for God's sake, stop tweeting...you're an embarrassment

We believe you are a lunatic suffering from #Dementia
LOVE it.
GREAT JOB!!
God bless you my brother Donald J Trump you were elected and given that chair to do what you are doing now do not stop for anything
Agree
@DonaldJTrumpJr

U R truly the only hope. U care & hate inj. People wake up b4 2 late! All the untrue promises of past leaders, empty words 4 votes look see
1st time ever, people have hope, we continue to support our President!
do you believe in a Flat Earth.I'm having s few problems with dissenters. Figured by now you'd have visited Antarctica ??
Sorry but I dont believe in you
How can we believe. How can we feel American. You are destroying that feeling. You are trying to segregate everyone.
I believe in America. That's why I spend part of every single day actively resisting you, Red Don!
Mostly the treason, grifting, racism, & sexism stuff.
Now that your our President, we FINALLY can have hope for America, you are doing a FANTASTIC JOB. GOD BLESS THE USA.
The only way that happens, I believe, is if you quit!
Most of us have never stopped believing in America. It's you that the majority (i.e. popular vote) of us don't believe in tRumpy.

If you think that's bad. Here's pages 1-3 of the affidavit filed on @realDonaldTrump for sex assault on a minor. Pages 4-6 follow. 
That's all mighty fine BUCKO, but it's to BAD we can't believe YOU, or anyone with last name TRUMP! all LIARS
I believe! I don't believe in liberal socialism. Their whole agenda is Gov CONTROL, cradle to grave. It's wrong. Free people can't be owned!
I believe whole-heartedly in the US Constitution. You are attempting to destroy it. Shame on you.
WE BELIEVE!!!
北朝鮮がミサイルを発射するタイミングを時系列で追ってみると不思議な事が分かります。２０１７年１月以降、安倍政権に不都合が生じると、それを揉み消す様に，必ず北朝鮮がミサイルを発射してます（10回の発射とも）。もはや安倍政権・金正恩の間にホットラインがあると見るのが自然！実態解明を！
I never stopped believing in America. You've managed to shake that belief a time or two. But "this too shall pass". 3.5 years to go.
We do. We just don't believe in our president.
Why haven't you put Hillary in jail?
A good start would be to end crony capitalism, but do you have the balls to do it?
Go away.  Let us perge those who do not stand for OUR Constitution. 240 years will not be devalued or discounted by privileged draft dodger.
It's hard to have faith when traitors like L. Gutierrez claim they're going to flood in Socialist voters until they regain control of Cong.
AMEN!
@DonaldJTrumpJr We always believed in America.  It's you we don't believe in
Please don't call us citizens. While taxed against our will, we are unknowing slaves suffering from Stockholm syndrome.
Fool
Use prestige of presidential office, leadership reputation among members of Congress, heal deeply divided country after bitter 2016 election
This is the message we need more of everyday as a country to regain hope in the American dream and accomplishment of our people.

America future depends on you Mr President the people believe in you
BECAUSE WE CERTAINLY DONT BELIEVE IN YOU, ENJOY YOUR FINAL DAYS IN PRISON. LOSER PREZ

THANK YOU MR. PRESIDENT FOR ALL THAT YOU DO!
Russian Stooge Monkey Nazi Narcissistic Knob Jockey.
It's kind of hard to believe in our country, with a lunatic running it!
Well give paraprofessionals in Louisiana a raise. Making $12,000. 00 is for the bulls.
You induce the division in this country.  I am not your citizen, you are not my president. You do not make me believe...you make me vomit.
Despite your poor, disjointed, and inconsisten actions, words, and tweets, we still love our country.  Its YOU we mistrust
Mr President:  HOW DARE YOU?  Too much of a COWARD to serve yourself (4 deferments? 5?), you PRESUME to dictate who may serve!  SHAME ON YOU
LOVE IT
I believe your going to be impeached!
And we are asking you to keep believing in yourself. They are trying to pressure you out of office. In my eyes.
Not as long as you are their leader.
Keep up the good work. Keep draining the swamp. The Real American people are glad you are doing a great job.
Love ur inspirational words, Mr. PRESIDENT. your humble servant constituent and proud social media eagle..
Go Trump...Thank u 4 being r President...
Learn not to lie
Okay, but not the GOP.
Personal responsibility MUST be taught to next gen. They will arrive in life where they first BELIEVE, then ACHIEVE. #MAGA
