What do you do for a living besides play golf?
There changing system it's horriblenow I see why people are leaving newyork cause the government is screwing things up for hunters
Speaking of amateur players ...
Who cares where you are?  We know you aren't in the WH, all that matters.
My My ... You have time for that?
I can't believe how the conservation messed up the hunting system we hunters can't even enjoy hunting no more
Mr president please fix our hunting there messing with it

It's so pttifull why there messing with our sport of hunting
How many pussies did you grab there?
How much money  did you make, you CORRUPT B
And an amateur POTUS is failing BIGLY
Just wish you'd spend all of your time watching sports
keep your hands off their pussies
Impeach Trump 2017
Great point, but I find it scary not exciting. Also, I'm pretty sure it's spelled c-o-l-l-u-d-i-n-g.
You better not be giving the trophy out to the winner, you NOTHING BURGER!
Stay out of the dressing room    Btw...how much do you stand to make from this tournament??
POLL 

Is President Trump Making America Great Again??

Vote below and RETWEET!
AMERICA IS WINNING AGAIN!!

Sorry, I Was Wrong. I'll Admit it. Not like @realDonaldTrump Who is NEVER WRONG(Only a Fool is Never Wrong) its Approval Rating is 36%!
At least u r man enough to admit it and not have ur ego crushed until Donnie Boy...
Are you talking about yourself and Putin?
Really? Where are your great american golfers?
At times it feels like an amateur is also leading our country.
You have tweeted more about golf in the last two days than any other issue.
36%!!!
You're disgusting
THANK YOU FOR YOUR HARD WORK SO FAR, MR. PRESIDENT TRUMP!
Are you delusional?
.@realDonaldTrump: I am at the @USGA  #USWomensOpen. An amateur player is co-leading for the first time in many decades - very exciting!
This might be the most factual tweet you've ever written. Ghostwritten, maybe? @realDonaldTrump #TrumpRussia
Yes. We have tv's. Thank you.
How much money have you made off of the Presidency this weekend? #maga
Is your friend "Jim" with you?
Same with the presidency.
Terrific use of your time .
What a coincidence!  An amateur president is at the same game.  He isn't exactly leading though.
Not sure about your use of the word "amateur" to describe Drumpf.

Are Pop Warner football and little league baseball considered "amateur".
Give the fool a cold shower b4 he duz something stupid
We are not surprised #pussygrabber
How's work going buddy
How about getting excited about the country you're supposed to be leading instead of every time Putin uses you as his ¢o¢k holster.
An amateur leads the country too!
Donnie T: the profiteering president. Do you ever work?
Unlike the U.S. Women's Open, an amateur leading the country is terrifying and definitely not exciting.
Amateur presidents lead to garbage like this. 

https://medium.com/@TrumpTimer/day-178-trump-worried-about-americans-dying-from-flying-sacks-of-drugs-a3a6f9aaeac5?source=linkShare-a3c8f2db6fef-1500239055 …
http://www.newsweek.com/trump-has-lowest-6-month-approval-rating-70-years-poll-shows-and-hes-not-happy-637430 …
Sux to be you donnie
Again,  don't grab her.
Still sitting in front of the tv? Why don't you go out and have some fresh air, you have a difficult week ahead of you and you're 71.
THERE'S AN AMATEUR PLAYER LIVING IN THE WHITE HOUSE...  BAD & SAD!!!

No doubt you'll give us a laugh!!
You would never attend a women’s golf tournament if it wasn’t at your club. Very fake!
That’s what @espn if for....
Just like Ivanka at the G20! Or Jared. Or Junior. Amateur co-leaders abound.
You missed your calling Donald. RESIGN & run for President of the USGA. Or become a golf commentator. That's ALL you have DONE this weekend
Honey, there are wars going on, the climate going to rot, millions threatened to loose health care. Be a sports fan - after you stepped down
There is no way Trump himself is writing these tweets himself.
Can I call you big papa?
All you know to do sports-wise is swing a club and swing with women. When will you become a man?
I don't do golf, I do weights/fitness
By your response, one can say you're homophobic. I'm married and straight. But your comment says a lot about you.
You're obsessed with golf
Resign. You'll be able to watch & play as much golf as you want
You should apologise for all of the times you criticised Barack Obama for playing golf
Not as exciting as your 36% approval rating.
But please keep promoting your resorts. Don't wish McCain or Carter well.
Yep nothing about McCain
#TrumpLies

#USWomensOpen may be your cash cow, but POTUS approval hit rock bottom for the first time in many decades - very exciting!
Side note:
Trumpy's lawyer really stepped in it this time. https://twitter.com/BettyBowers/status/886677800673050624 …
 　  
　 　 　 
　 　 
　 　 　 
 　　
　

　　
　

 
 　 　 
 　　
　

　　　　　
 　   
　　 
　 　  
Haaa!
BLOTUS really should've stuck to golfing as he clearly spends more time on that than anything useful. He could be on the senior tour rn!
Do they have 71-year-old caddies? #fore #ThreeTwoOne #Boom
Just give him a TV show already. He can broadcast from the golf course. #BoyBye
Glad you've got nothing better to do. #ifIwaspresident
I am at the @USGA  #USWomensOpen. An amateur player is co-leading for the first time in many decades - very exciting!...
Who cares?  RESIGN.

If you think that's bad. Here's pages 1-3 of the affidavit filed on @realDonaldTrump for sex assault on a minor. Pages 4-6 follow. 
Who cares who wins the USGA  US WOMENS OPEN? Do your freaking job. What is wrong with you?
A normal humble POTUS. Thanks 4 info.
If u  did notTWEET on one would no because da MSM is  busy digging non existing  Russian files .
She probably thinks you suck
It might seem like having an amateur as your leader would be exciting, but in some instances   it's quite sad & terrifying.


An amateur is leading the country also....far from exciting....SAD
yes and you had to threaten to sue them to keep them at your resort
36%
Still nothing about dead soldiers from Mississippi, get well wishes to Carter or McCain, and the list goes on.
The US Women's Open at your golf club.  Hmm. Seems to me there's some conflict of interest here. Just keep piling on the evidence 2 impeach.
Hope she and the other golfers have chaperones!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imaUf96_8pg …
You would think with how low your approval rating is you would be working

Are there Russians there?
Shouldn't you be working? You take a awful lot of time off. Do the country a favor and just resign already!
Takes an amateur to know one
Please resign. 36% and dropping. You're a failure
You should be at WH working. That's what we pay you to do.
worst tax plan-puts US below Greece, most lawyers hired, biggest narcissist, 22million w/o healthcare, most pay-for-play cont. 2 of 3
Look at you, hoping we forget about Billy Bush...
pity we also have a rank amateur in the WH #somuchlosing
And an unqualified amateur player is leading for the first time our country 
NOT EXCITING !
BTW I hate not using commas, and proper grammar but our POTUS is a child and can only allow a 140 character comment
Repealing the #ACA will be a huge disaster. Find ways to pay for it.
Do not drop 20,000,000 from healthcare insurance.
Weren't you supposed to be working? You spend most time trolling Twitter and your own golf courses. Quit if you don't like to work!
Unfortunately for you, she's the only amateur currently doing her job well.
ty 4 the play by play so glad something excites u - we know 4 sure its not running the gov,or working on health care-skip the snack bar to!
Is she in "great physical shape"?
https://goo.gl/iT9AqZ  https://goo.gl/n3i5cE  https://goo.gl/hV1U34 
SIC AND BAD that your course hosted and the GRABBER IN CHIEF showed up.
Checking out new action?
And what does that have to do with your job as president? Oh. Your bottom line. How much money did you make this weekend?
So nice you get to make money for your companies..off the American people.  Glad to see you don't care about us
It would be mire exciting if you did your job.
You know what is really exciting all the trump family scandals
AS I SAID BEFORE, ALL YOU KNOW IS GOLF AND TWITTER!
Why don't you go home and work for a change

Why weren't you working on healthcare?  Do your job!
So sad that the amateur player in the White House isn't leading at all.
Man! It's a great year for amateurs #uranamateurtoo
who cares where u are!
First time since last November
Just another hard day at the office..

Stop promoting your business and do your actual job. No one made you run for office.
I'm not gonna leave the white house, I'll be too busy maga!
We don't want to hear about golf! Did you forget you're the president?
How uncanny, we also have an amateur leading our country right now! Scary exciting!
And that amateur and you should switch occupations if you really want to MAGA.

Conman leader leading: polls as worst president in history at 36%, 0 legislation passed, most investigations, biggest lies, most cont.1 of 3
Awesome tournament!!!!
Finally ! Something you understand, Donnie!
Thank Potus
Hi Donny we are at aunty Joan's so maybe we should speak later
Get back to work.
Only because Serina Williams is not there 
and you're reaping the benefits of elected office for one of your golf courses-very disgusting.
Grr !...
Does she cheat at golf as you do?  Heard that from one of your former caddies.  No surprise there.
Do you mean, you?

Enjoy your golf courses Donnie. One day they may be seized to cover your mounting debt & Vlad won't bail you out anymore. Sad!
So very glad that our country is going down the shitter & yet you have time to give play by play of a fucking golf game !! #Impeach
Please Mr President, go to work.
Grabbed anyone?
That's ok, we would rather you do more important stuff than report the sports newsreel.
Do your fucking job and stop pissing around on a golf course
And your labor crew consist of a Make America Great Workforce? Or did they require VISAS? You hypocritical @$$
Well done!
Lazy POTUS.  Hiding taxes, hiding meetings, hiding business dealings.  Just a huckster from Queens who ripped people off to make a buck!!
Thats great because an amateur is f'ing everything up in the @WhiteHouse
It's not going away, donald. The Trump Family Russian Collusion Scandal is not going away!
Please stay on task! You have to consider all people even ones that did not vote for you. You said great coverage for all. Read the GOP bill
Don't get too excited big fella
Do you EVER work! Have you ever gotten those little hands dirty other than handling money? We know those little hands TRY to grab pussy!
Hope all these women are wearing skorts...a certain special someone likes to "grab 'me by the 
This is not your job. You are not being paid to do this. This does not serve the needs of the American people.
I am at @home #USA.  An amateur leader is leading my country for the first time. Very scary!
Doing fuck all as usual
'' i will be working so much , I wont even get time to golf ....I mean I just want to work for the people folks...'' you sir , are a fool.
Exciting because you are such an amateur and you think she's a role model. But she has worked st becoming great. You were handed money.
U r an armature and are looking bigly
How about you excite the rest of us and do some work?  Must be nice to freeload off the American taxpayer.
Watch out for errant golf balls. They can really hurt.
Thanks for the golf updates. Now you might want to think about what you're going to do about the failing Trump Administration. FUMF!
Sort of like the way an amateur is "leading the country?" #Sad #nyetmypresident
Get out of there before you taint them with your presence. Everything you touch you spoil. Besides your orange glow is blinding them!!
Glad you're working hard on important things.
Ok, but what's she wearing and how's her body? We need your analysis.

Tu é loco
Uhmmmmm shouldn't you being doing your full time job rather than prancing around your golf club? Although feel free to stop being President!
@potus did you grope anyone or comment on their nice shape?!? Hopefully you maintained self-control for once!
How many did you wanna 'GRAB'?
#GetToWork
