Trump is a winner! No matter what the haters say, he’s actually making this country great again! Thank you Mr. President for actually caring
Who is lana?
Yes!!! We all notice! The left even know it! They simply won't admit it. It's so sad that we're all on the same plane but they want to pilot to crash! We appreciate you Sir & we're going to help keep this plane in the air!!
YES!! WE ALL NOTICE! I WILL FLY WITH OUR PRESIDENT EVERY TIME!
TRUMP IS A FOOL AND CORRUPT SPECIAL COUNSEL MULLER IS GOING TO END THIS NIGHTMARE OF A PRESIDENCY SO WE AMERICAN'S CAN HAVE NORMALCY AGAIN
8-10 months and what have they found
Pretty positive fake account 
The world despises and makes fun of you.
I thank god everyday for Trump
What does @TheGoodGodAbove think of this?
The world is noticing,  we're noticing that each of your #GangofCriminals are being indicted and pleading guilty.

Believe me, the whole world will notice when it is your turn.  Its going to be Yuge !!!
Trump is a winner and both parties r losers !
Yup. Liberals are to ignorant and vile to look at anything objectively. Which is why they won't win another election for a long long time
If Great means separated and infuriated, defined by class yeah it’s great!
Gag me.
With a spoon. He is truly nauseating 
It's all in your mind
Just keep telling yourself that crow tastes a lot like chicken...sort of
Unfortunately, ur nausea may last both terms
The world is noticing what a laughable failure Trump is!
#failingTrump #LoserTrump #lyingTrump #traitorTrump #idiotTrump #dipshitTrump
He sure loses a lot for a winner
Hahahaha
Mine too. My Korean co-workers tonight, "Kim Jong-un is crazy. Trump is crazy too."
Who is that????
mr president i like you, hope i can meet you someday
Trump's next wife.
Wow! How fragile is your ego? Lol.
Excellent speech!
The world is noticing you are dangerous.
Agreed!

If by winner, you mean soon to be felon, then...

That is a fake BOT account you keep retweeting! Lol! Tell us again how you're not involved with Russia!
The world noticed your insane rambling speech at the #UNGA . You are a clear and present danger to US & to innocent lives in SOKO. #impeach
You say “echo chamber” weird.
Hillary should be our President, not you. You are an out of touch embarrassment! #resignnowtrump
Yes, we also noted your tweet about the Emmys, while people are dying in Mexico.
Shame on you Mr. President
1. Where did I say he didn't tweet about Mexico? 
2. What is up with so many people not knowing their grammar and spelling?
I dont know how your Twitter is set up, but mine has received many tweets about whats going on in Mexico. I guess you have selective viewing
Pathetic
 One sorry sycophant is hardly the world! What a freaking joke!
Another delusional tweet

Yeah, not even Trump is saying that genius...
I'm glad that you're getting validation from a Lana del Rey twitter bot
Do you realize that retweeting from someone named "glamorizes" is hardly a ringing endorsement?  The world is noticing your ignorance.

You just retweeted a bot and I've seen these exact tweets yesterday in the same order.
You're fucking nuts. #resign.
I can't believe he used her tweet to say that ......he's got to be laughing at Americans with the s*** he gets away with

Could you be more pathetically needy?
And the world is noticing you!  Thanks for that!  You are exactly what we need!
The world noticed long ago that you are a dangerous sociopath who will bring unnecessary harm to the global community.
@glamourizes noticing what a liar,thief and traitor you are
Kim called you a dotard. Translated in Korean that's an 'old beast lunatic'.  That's you. THAT'S YOU!!
@glamourizes The world is noticing how insane you are.
@glamourizes  people are noticing his approval rating in Pa is down 8%,now a 28% he is an awful leader and doesn't care
We love you so much!
We are so proud to have you representing our great country!  
Yesterday's speech was he best I've ever heard, I watched it three times already! 
sucked in again - it was a speech Putin gave five years ago.
Try again 
you're right - it was two years ago http://www.thedailybeast.com/trump-uses-putins-arguments-to-undermine-the-world …

Do you support our POTUS?
VOTE & RETWEET TO REACH MORE PEOPLE.
@HerringWendy @DogMyers @d_moore65 @PatriotJewel  @Doot02 @marylene58 @lupash7  @BackwoodsJim2 @casetwin  @Uranusisfuzzy @mikebonnel
I strongly suspect that the numbers do not reflect Reality, but are a result of Jack Dorsey's manipulation of Twitter as a Lib echo-chamber.
This is reality, whether you like it or not. 
You are a minority.
Not so. Every other poll vehemently contradicts this Twitter poll. Dorsey's manipulation of Twitter as a Lib echo-chamber stands.
I do not believe this poll. Not even close to all other polls!!
Precisely!  Jack Dorsey's social manipulation is no secret. He got his job as Twitter CEO by lying, cheating, and being highly manipulative.
Retweet these ones, Don..
Well she does live on the west coast so these Are accurate
The world is noticing that the president of the USA is an incompetent lunatic who is corrupt beyond the pale
He is a truculent rapscallion & unethical master of pathological sophistry with severe narcissism.
You had me at truculent.
Note the phrase is an acronym for TRUMPS.
I love you more. Giving me absolute on target acronyms. "Pathological sophistry." Brilliant. Love a wordsmith.
Think of it as knitting
Why are you retweeting this person?
Because he's a sexual predator. No surprise one who brags about grabbing p***y retweets someone who brags about her p***y tasting like Pepsi
Hey Mr. Fake pastor!
Don't forget Bill Clinton was impeached for being a real SEXUAL PREDATOR!
Trump 2020!
Nice try. He wasn't impeached because he got a blow job, he was impeached for obstruction & lying under oath. Educate yourself.
Bill was impeached for leaving DNA on Monica's blue dress!
Trump 2020
Make Democrats Less Disgusting Again!
I get that you and your ilk might think blow jobs are illegal since obviously, you don't get any, however, he was impeached for obstruction.
Any words of encouragement to the American citizens in Puerto Rico this morning?
Not a word about the earthquake in Mexico!
The man is a sociopath.  Not capable of feelings.  God help us all.
He is a truculent rapscallion & unethical master of pathological sophistry with severe narcissism.
I had to look up three of those words. Well done, sir. Well done.
Fancy words don't make up for stupid statements.
Agreed
 #TrumpTroll
Yes it is and they feel very sorry for us.
You always have America's best interest at heart, we are thankful for you!!
Just what exactly has he done?? NOTHING except brag on his inability to run this country.
One idiot doesn't constitute "the world"
We're noticing that you and your White House staff are corrupt.
How ??
The world is in shock that such an unsuitable idiot has been elected! You are a laughstock, but also a danger to the rest of the world!
#WorstPresidentEver
Lmfao
Hell
HE IS NOT ONLY IMPORTANT FOR USA, HE IS CONCERNED ABOUT GLOBAL PEACE ALSO. THANK YOU MR PRESIDENT FOR SUCH SPEECH IN UN!
Trump is definitely concerned about global peace.
He wants to make sure there isn't any of it!
Good Morning Mr President  #MAGA
Don't bother TruMp.
He's squeezing one out on his widdle potty chair.
He's a deeply disgusting and childish little bastard.
We will #maga by impeaching this weak little thing and replacing him with an adult.
And who the fuck is this? I guess this woman represents all of the world ? When was this decided ?
Way to cherry pick responses. The overwhelming majority of us detest you! I mean globally!
I’m not leaving my country I served in the military, that my dad and countless relatives served. Hundreds of years here - STAYING!! 
Then love your country, dont talk shit!!! Get over it!
Love your country! What is it? Macedonia? Russia? Reporting your bot behind.
Mr President - an old saying: "If you have to tell everyone how good you are, you are probably not that good".
If reducing us to levels beneath 3rd world regimes is winning then yes, you're definitely winning #45Unfit2Lead #TrumpCrimeFamily #45Loser
The left is actually demonic.They only want to destroy. You need to replace them. By Executive order @realDonaldTrump.2016.
Trump....having Stephen Miller sit on your lap & tell you how you're the greatest & giving you an ALTERNATE version of reality ISN'T WORKING
What a lie
mr.trump tank you  for supporting the people of iran
He wants to nuke you too. Don't be so quick to praise...
hello there i am christy end nice to meet you here
How much koolaide did you drink?
Drumpf is a loser. #loserpresident
Lmao...he does have character witnesses. She does more to confirm what we thought than to change our minds @realDonaldTrump WOW
Yes they surely are ....move to Russia
No, #fakePOTUS @realDonaldTrump , it's only @glamourizes ! By the way, #MAGA by raising the debt ceiling, and then cut taxes?! Yeah,right...

I'd like to see you go to a climate change meeting or 2. Are you not noticing the strength of these hurricanes? This didn't happen last year
sad to see Trump repeatedly plug “sovereignty,”the favored word of govts like Russia (even as it invades Ukraine&interferes in US election)
Wow now I can respond to both Lana and trump in one text. You're both pigs!
What a joke!!  Embarrassing!!
Only Obama
#LockThemUp
EXCLUSIVE: Six U.S Agencies Conspired to Illegally Wiretap Trump; British Intel Used as NSA Front to Spy on Campaign http://truepundit.com/exclusive-six-u-s-agencies-conspired-to-illegally-wiretap-trump-british-intel-used-as-front-to-spy-on-campaign-for-nsa/ …
Lmao  pathetic
Of a true everyone need to for your great reforms both praying in white house and bringing back the image of America" in God we trust "
Mueller is coming for you, you fraud. Impeachment is imminent. Can't wait to see you booted from the WH. Manafort will roll on you.
Hell, your namesake would give you up in. NY minute.
Wait till you hear what the rest of the world has to say. And what exactly should I be noticing, POTUS?
Trump is a LOSER!  He cares about himself & his pocket!! This country WAS great & all the great things came from our amazing President Obama
Low iq folks love you
One can't be wrong who talks about his "NATION FIRST " ! Even a layman like me knows from as far as India,  Americans near der r very smart
Lol - u are so lame - having to go to the level of re-tweeting something from a person who obviously has mental health issues.  Just like u
Yes, we are!
Never get sick of winning!!!! 
The world is noticing you're a clown  & embarrassment
The world is noticing that you retweet bots. That you promote yourself incessantly. That you don't know what you're doing.
ONLY THOSE WHO THOUGHT YOU WERE GREAT ON THE APPRENTICE- no new converts, Donald.
Gag!!!!
A great embarrassment maybe. The rest of the world thinks you're a joke.
You retweeting your own weak "good press".... hysterical and sad at the same time.
What a cute couple
Truly the world is noticing....and your behavior is embarrassing!  Please stay off twitter. Your petty fights undermine confidence!!!

Right
Yes, Trump is the best president ever. God bless yah !
No. A few Russian bots are posting as you've instructed.  FAKE NEWS.
Noticing what an insane dotard you are #muellertime #dotarddonnie
Hmmmm not the world. Just a few misguided people. World leaders are laughing at you or hasn't you noticed?
Love that Pussy Grabber!
Well said
The world thinks you're crazy.  They are right.
Whatever
No, Donnie, the world is only noticing that you are not fit to be a president.  You are delusional in your thinking.
Would that world include the African nation you made up? Asking for a friend?
You're wrong, he hasn't committed suicide yet.
You retweet such a generic, uninspiring tweet? Booooooring! Sad!
the only thing the world is noticing is that your a delusional narcissist
In your Alternative Universe maybe!
Trump is not able to speak friendly with the World. Obama was a great representative for US , no to Trump
Oh, the world is noticing, all right. The most embarrassing presidency of all time continues. #LyinDonnie #ImpeachThisFool
Actually, your term has been an utter failure and you're the least popular president in American history. sad!
President Trump is a great American
The world is laughing at you, Donnie. You're a national embarrassment. Resign!
We noticed it's a #troll 
#TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist
You do realize she's stalking you, right?

http://www.distractify.com/trending/2017/09/18/ZU0FRa/pro-trump-rally-embarrassing … 'the world is noticing.....', loser.
The rest of the world hates Americans.
Making America Great if you are a white male in his personal tax bracket. I dare Trump to come and win me over.
America has always been great. Trump is destroying it.
Hahahaha...insanity
He's going to have us all killed.
I give you all of my respect you are an awesome president. You really are making America Great Again.
Absolutely.
Iran’s President says Iran doesn’t throw out threats (like our president) Referring to a “rogue newcomer to international politics”.
this is THE MOST EMBARRASSING president to this DAY.
The world is noticing? You don't take much notice of other people huh? Not made America great again but you've made them laughable for sure
I think they meant whiner, not winner.  Hahaha Hahaha!  Morons for president of the Electoral college.
It's only because you're such a whiner that's the only way you can see it
Bahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!  You unpatriotic so called Americans can be funny too!
Is this bot your next missus?
You're so miserable you're humiliating the Republican party. Do you have any idea how hard it is to do that? Not even Bush could manage it.
