You good
Then give them a tax break. It really seems that people like me, veteran & middleclass are losing on this tax reform
:cleaning own house & making very strongly active for justice are excellent ideas to become a supper power!
First responders have been doing heroic work. Their courage & devotion has saved countless lives – they represent t… htt...
Go TRUMP !!!! I hate DEM guys
Donald j. Trump is a man of focus and world powerful he talk about peace and unity.and respect for his country
He also talks bullshit, in the World of today always watch you back, trust should never be given easily.
美国历史最伟大的总统
Trump President, sir! The rocket man must be shattered. I agree 100% with your views.
The timing of the conversation has long been over.
The timing of the conversation has long been over.
GOOD JOB TODAY!!
I love the nic name you gave to Kim....North Korea....Rocket Man
Thank you Mr. President for all you are doing! Alabama loves you Mr. Trump!!! Please ignore the ignorance of some American's! Their sad...
Yes sir and so have you
You want tougher travel ban lets put Saudi Arabia on it after all that's where.9 11 terrorist came from not sure why you not listing them
Yes they do. You represent the exact opposite.
#kreayfish
Where's "the million dollars" you promised to donate? You lie so much, I'm just going to assume its in the same place as your tax returns.
Isn't weird to see someone helping someone without payment?? It's called "being a nice human". Maybe you could figure out how to be one.
Thank you President Trump! 
Well done Mr.President!
nice
Just as you do, Mister President. God Bless you. We have your back. Thank you.
and you represent the worst
Donald Trump sucks balls. He's done nothing great for this country. Plus he's a drama queen
President Trump Is The Greatest Of All Time!!!
I really hope all your places in Florida get destroyed, before muller puts you in jail..its like the boomerang moviegonatakealittlelonger
so, the opposite of you ...
Take a lesson from them
پرزیدنت بزرگ استدعا میکنم  دستور فرمائید یکی از مترجمین مورداعتماد شما تلفنی با من تماس وعرایضم را بشخص ان عالیجناب معروض داردزنده باد ترامپ
What?
زتده باد پرزیدنت ترامپ....زنده کننده امریکا وجان دهنده عالم بشریت .پرزیدنت من ازپیشگاهت خواستهای داشتم اما توجهای نکردید یا 
فراموش کردی
Please contact me for a business idea as great as Facebook and twitter.  Let's make some serious money.
How can ANYONE say President Trump is not the FINEST of all US presidents in a record short time??
Very disappointed in response from our govt, in regard to Vi
,
Try to learn simple lessons from them, Mr Trump.
Yes they do and you represent the very worse in America.
May God give you a hear =  Amnesty
You're the BIGGEST IDIOT of a president l've ever seen. What a dumb ass!
That is the classy thing to do!
How much money has Trump made from hotel rooms events... Held at his resorts
What do you think of climate change now Mr President? #hurricaneirma2017 #HurricaneHarvey #Trump #ClimateChangeIsReal
Unlike you
Investigate the Salt Lake City police department and the Mayor. There is huge corruption there! Support Nurse Wubbels!! #worldiswatching
I think this likely the only thing I will ever agree with you about.
Some of those first responders are DACA recipients & they DO represent the very best of America #SaveDACA
2/2 I humbly request you reconsider your decision and send aid to MT for the fires as apx 900,000 acres have burned to date and counting
Mr.Trump I have supported you up to this point and continue to do so. How ever I humbly ask you reconsider sending MY help 1/2
#Gas & #water needed now in #Florida. #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneJose
Donald..."heroic first responders" include the  DACA group...fyi, some died saving others.  They deserve to stay in US.
Much respect for you our president!! You are working so very hard for us. You have my respect. From Donna in Washington State
hello
Even #DACA Beneficiaries
AND SOME OF THEM ARE 'DREAMERS' WHO YOU ARE STABBING IN THE BACK...SOME REWARD. SUCH A COWARD YOU HAD SESSIONS DO THE DIRTY WORK.
Shut up and go away. We need someone with a brain as POTUS.
you sound like a bull moose in rutting season when he can't find a mate.
Pls make special reference to volunteer Texans and 'rednecks' that put thousands of boats in the water to rescue 1000s+ @RealJamesWoods
This is why you decided to reward them by ending DACA
As ur feeling to provide scrutety andscrutiny to the content to the nation that issue a self working investment uman rights Wimans rights
Here for equal up Wimans rights
And there be a wore as that an national anthem and I'm holding ur uman rights sire
All yo got to is ur reptshon as nation  ur maning faces indstruter for the next generation
We now have a caring, hard working and pro America.
Let's not forget that Bill Clinton was impeached. Pres Trump is doing what he told us would do.
Save the whole world sire
They should be recognized.
Setting modenashon sire
Here for equal up Wimans rights sire
To true pride meleses starn and strutter self of pride self respect displan morls libertters priseblal priorities uman rights
We're trying to change ur reptshon
That setting modenashon sire
As look at ur reptshon
For ur national security
So what is she say for the whole world teaching kids
Lets help....@ http://kiliedutravel.com 
总统好
He is just a fake ass president
Thank you for all you do for the grateful and the ungrateful.
And you represent the very worst.
Praying for their safety and health!
What about the animals? Oh that's right I forgot the president don't like animals
What about the animals
Praying for Houston.
Some of them were immigrants dumbshit.
they have indeed.  grateful
I am thankful I have a president that cares enough to stand up against Hollywood and there white and Republican hating aganda
Remember the Democratic party used the ppl who claim that all white ppl are bad as role models,they never said we're not with them.
As tweeted by a man who represents the very worst of America
Don't forget about North Korea 
Gotta strike from air while we still can enough chances for them
Many which are #DACA
Right nothing like you
Tweet gone wild. Maybe since Texas has been hit ..Florida is in the same danger zone. Kim gone wild.. can you keep up business man.
Keep up the great work. Screw the haters.
BRIDGES NOT WALLS!!!! @LaurenJauregui @FifthHarmony #LatinosForTrump 
Keep going to Texas, and praising all the workers, rescuers, and making sure Texas gets the help it needs.  Keep being yourself.
Some of those first responders might be on DACA just saying
And one of them was a Dreamer, and he gave his life, and you won't even let his mother come to the US and reclaim his body. #Hypocrite
Those first responders include DACA heroes. Yes, the very best of America who you want to deport.
#ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpPence YOUVE DESTROYED ALL OF THE LOVE AND PROGRESS THAT OBAMA GAVE US, YOU ARE A PIG AND AN EMBARRASSMENT
Buffoon

Dear Mr. President,the whole people in the world looking to your eyes and your justice,please take an action toward saving peoples in Burma!
Mr. President it appears that price gouging across the country is happening.  What can you do to help lower priced
Obviously somebody is telling Trump what to say and how to say it.  Kudos to that person.  Trump isn't fooling me though.
Some of which are DACA recipients. Some of the very best of America.
What would you know about heroism you coward
Oh cool. More empty platitudes
And you, sir, represent the very worst of America. Shame!
And you represent the very worst with all your white supremacist supporters.
I think President TRUMP DID AWESOME JOB. THANK YOU MR. PRESIDENT.
And you are the worst, Boss Swamp Hog.
Wonderful speech
Is he being real or fake
Fair's fair you got it right with this one
And you represent the worst of america
You are responsible for all the wars in the world.
#FAKEPRESIDENT
Please raise your voice to save rohinga Muslim in Myanmar! Please save those innocent people .
When someone talk and think about terrorism then they straight think about Muslim and they think only Muslim people are terrorists!
Did you know under your repeal of DACA, you'll be deporting a guy that worked 6 days to help Harvey victims?
6 days straight and is probably still doing so
Take responsibility to save rohinga from Myanmar army
Can you please also take some responsibilities for saving #rohinga ! As you want to save Afganisthan from terrorist then you should
Like the boy in Houston who's a dreamer and worked tirelessly for 6 days saving lives ?
Your face is so goddamn orange you have nearly entered red to match the flag behind you. If your heart exploded millions would rejoice!
You don't though.
حماار
Please treat our children and young people who are here under daca the way we should all be treated with respect thank u
Include the media who helped save lives. He acts like a child that needs to get his way, mes to be seen and heard, and has no real heart
One of the few true things you've said. They represent the very best. You represent the very worst.
Except of course the #DREAMERS that are those "First responders" you are kicking out of the country.
Awsome
Greatful for you and Pence  Thank you for stepping up and showing everyone what a real President and Vice President look like .
And you represent the very worst! Selfish, clueless, greedy, no empathy. Returned to Houston for photo opp after first trip revealed fool!
And you represent the very worst, sadly
gas prices shouldn't have went up its like people are getting taking advantage ....
gas prices is going up an we have to suffer it's like we are in a storm ...
Excellent talk and good  work  done.
And you represent only your own ego.

you should donate to Harvey victims raising gas prices on the poor we are having it bad all ready
So have civilians.  Thank you.
I just wish our POTUS represented the very best of America. Unfortunately he does not.
You've never given a shit about anyone but yourself...
Latest tweets
