You actually travelled the world to weaken our position, and have the entire world laughing at you, and making fun of you U cant even see it
Good job!
You're delusional!!!
And to ruin the world. 
Go away. 
And all u accomplished was to MATLOTW (Make America The Laughingstock Of The World) #MATLOTW
Mr President, you are in our own reality. Your decisions are wrong. You don't have the faintest idea what you are doing. #resignnow
Merkel ate your lunch.
...and now the world looks at France and Macron for leadership. #MAGA

this is called being #UnfitToServe can't even see that every leader has little to no respect for you. You make the great USA weak
Embarrassing America isn't a bragging point.
What you did was strengthen your personal cash inflow and alienate the US even further from our actual allies. #POTUSloser
We're very proud of U and Melania. We can't thank U enough for your work on behalf of our USA, Bill & Joan Deaver
60 Million Voters Agree
Trump embarrassed us around the world.  Leaders can't seem to stand him.
They all wish they could be as open about their corruption as Trump. Well jel..
@POTUS PRES trump please keep Sean spicer in some position. He is so loyal and good man 
You are a global embarrassment and laughingstock. The #Russians own you and everyone else despises you or uses you.
Origins of the 19 hijackers
NationalityNumber
Saudi Arabia
15
United Arab Emirates
2
Egypt
1
Lebanon
1
Why are we arming Saudis & exempting
Everyone hates you.

White head eagle, the symbol  the United States.    
PLEASE SUPPORT UKIP & Conservatives in this week's UK  Elections @realDonaldTrump @UKIP @Conservatives UK needs BREXIT to make UK Great 
I saw you bow to a Saudi. What's up with that? #TrumpLies #TrumpTreason #ImpeachTrump
ANOTHER VICTORY!@siIentmajorityJUST LOVEWINNING& ALL THELIKE @POTUSDJ #TrumpPROMISED US! @VP @KellyanneConway @Scavino45#MAGA

where's the part where u push another leader out of the way & look like a child? If u just stopped tweeting...
World leaders laughed at you. You have disgraced America.
....new partnerships with dictators who oppress women. This calls for a big round of #ChampagnePopsicles! @IvankaTrump
And instead you destroyed And weakened #impeachtrumpnow
Selling our country to the Saudis, and abandoning our long time allies to the Russians. You are damaging our country's security.
You traveled to alienate us from everyone except dictators.
@POTUS you mean sell arms to Saudi's so the can continue to bomb civilians in Yemen.  Shame, shame, shame
We are so embarrassed by your presence!
The whole world's laughing...the whole world's laughing...at Trump.
and failed miserably all along the way as we embarrassed the former United States and disrespected leaders & nations that have fought for us
LIES LIES LIES  FAKE CLAIMS!!!!....
You traveled to embarrass our great country in front of the whole world. You can't be impeached fast enough!
Hilarious!  Joke of a president
No...you are an embarrassment to our country !
Please include your sword dance in it..!!
You love the autocracies, @potus, and refused to affirm NATO! A disaster! What happened to the @gop? Why do you hate democracy so much?
I congratulate pres. Trump for his accomplishments in foreign policy.
Deger
You were an embarrassing old man ..the rest of the world laughing at us because of you Trump is the worst most uninspiring president ever
You traveled the world to embarrass our country, and to strengthen your family business. Job well done! #Impeach45
So you could push your way in for a photo op, give the finger to Guy from Italy, and virtually piss off everyone you met #SICK
Loved it Sir. Great to see a man who fights for Americans exiting the  plane.   Oh, and that welcome from Saudi and Israel, amazing.
You travelled the world to antagonize all our allies and embarrass the country with your boorish behavior.
And don't forget the curtsey! He's a great lil princess. They let him touch the bigley sword for it.
And the glowing orb!
I love you Mr President
Smoke a dam joint an don't set hair up lighting come down to earth
Good job.
You are a great leader. I hope that the day will come to Kurdistan Iraq in Arbil
MR. PRESIDENT,PLEASE tell Congress to help move forward with plans you've set to MAGA.Tell the pathetic & desperate Dems to stop the crap.
Dear pres trump
Just few things please clean out intelligence
Starting with firing mueller and pardoning flynn
Appt your conservative judges
I found out all washers and dryers are made in China ,sears is the biggest one to not make in  usa
You are so right, Mr. President.
@seth_jones18
All fake news! No deal, no jobs, only what Obama started.
I stand with you @POTUS but, I don't trust Saudi Arabia.
Great trip!  But why is the Army awarding the pistol contract to a German company?  We have great manufacturers of handguns.
Dismal flop. You wouldn't know the truth if you tripped over it.
Great job editing THAT so it appears it wasn't the complete f'ing "historic" DISASTER that everyone knows it was!
#TrumpTreason #Resistance
Trump is a wonderful president who truly cares about the economy & safety of the US.
The POTUS did just the opposite. It's said that his ego doesn't let him evaluate himself and that the staff doesn't have the guts.
A job well done. Only you could make this happen. Thank you. BTW, did AF1 get a new paint job? It looked good, not tired like before. 
You forgot "and show people I don't care about the planet or understand the economy." #Resist #NotMyPresident
You are doing such an awesome job....pay no attention to the haters.... praying for your strength ,your wisdom and your faith.... MAGA..
All of this is a big con. None of those people even like you. How could they,   because you lie to them so much. Resign your presidency.
God Bless our wonderful intelligent @POTUS and beautiful @FLOTUS
You are the great divider. The wall you build is between our long standing alliances!
Compensating enough? @realDonaldTrump #tinyhandstrump #USPolitics #uspoli
NATO thinks that You rather side with Russia
Wonderful statesmanship! Thank you for representing America so effectively. We haven't had that in 20 years!
Great job Mr President the last Pres I was this proud of was Mr Reagan and that's some fine company.
You didn't strengthen a damn thing
USA = OBAMA KERRY TRUMP TILLERSON
traveling the World propagating threats conflicts wars almost everywhere
AMERICA FIRST : stay home
you were an embarrassment POTUS
The rest of the world hates you as much as we do.
You travelled the world and now very strong alliances with the USA are falling apart. How can you be proud of that?
생태계 파괴로 인해 무질서해진 지구에 동양의 하나님 부처의 윤회설은 어리석었다 우주적 기하학에 관심가기보다 자신이 약한자여서 기한이 없는 예수의 부활은 지구의 멸망에 앞서 아무런 의미가 없다
@POTUS Yes by arm wrestling Macron and dropping out of #Paris because he "slighted" you. We know the truth.
Many of us travel the world every day doing business - it's not that hard - man up loser
You're a laughing stock on a global scale Shit Gibbon. Barron is embarrassed of you.
Your trip to Saudi Arabia was the most disgusting display of greed and arrogance. Please, please, please, please GO TO JAIL! #TREASON
REMEMBER! PRAY FOR SOLOMON'S WISDOM IN ALL DEALS! REMEMBER 2 KEEP DAVID'S GENERALS @ YOUR SIDE! PRAY MORN NOON NITE! JESUS' ANGELS ATTENTION
I am big fan of Donald trump
So proud of our First Family. TY for bringing back respect for America.
Why Mr. President? Why do you pretend that your accomplishments are so hugely successful when theyre not? Why cant you see  what we see?????
Why were Melania and Ivanka dressed in Old World mourning at the Vatican and showing off their bright colors in Saudi Arabia?
I didn't see you strengthening any alliances, at all.
You are a HUGE disaster. You will bankrupt America financially and morally.
They all laughed at you. Did you not see the coverage or should I say covfefe
Well you sure messed that up! You've alienated America's allies, and made arms deal with Saudi, home of Wahhabism (extremist fundamentalism)
You mean your BFF Putin?
And you succeeded at doing neither. Putin is proud of you, though. #GoodPuppet
@POTUS You single handed destoyed over 200 years of respect for the office of our presidency. Disgraceful & so so sad
Liar.
Que hace en Palestina,? Festejando la ocupación indecente y criminal? Besa el muro y dice haré uno igual?  
Acuerdo con el trono? Usted dijo que los musulmanes eran todos terroristas. ..cambio de idea por Pet todo lares? 
Acuerdo millonario armamentista?  
El mismo país que usted dijo no se iba a inclinar?desvergonzado usted
Well you had a good time. We will be paying for your trip for decades you buffoon.
Who wrote that speech for Spicey? You? Because the rest of the world saw your international escapades as a joke and a total failure. #fail
Nope
The Paris Climate Scam was so incredibly detrimental to US interests that it could only have been written by foreign enemies.
And Melania slapped you away how many times?? SAD! but so, so funny!
#HillaryClinton needs to go. #Barack 2. #treason #desperate #establishment #EvidenceinAction #Cutthehead #offs #snake. #Murders, Children.
The #MSM is in collusion with #ISIS sympathizers, #DNC #Enemies of the American people now #domestic #violence = New #Terrorists, Stop them.
When u were in Saudi, did ur knees hurt a lot since u were on them so much! #SaudiBlowJob
Shame on you. You just destroyed 147 alliances by turning your back on the collective responsability to protect our planet.
Funny I saw a demented old clown pissing off allies we've had for decades to suck up to the Saudis. They all laughed at you.
Do you really believe the shit that comes out of ur mouth.  You were a laughable, embarrassment to the USA. Please resign so we can stay gr8
And instead now everybody HATES us! Good work, Rumpster #GrifterInChief
And they all hate you b/c you are a big joke and you don't have a clue what you're doing!!!
Your a joke over here in Europe

.@realDonaldTrump, you're leaving a dark legacy just to satisfy your greediness. Today, you've surrendered the hopes and future of a nation.
# pulling out of the Paris agreement on show you value money much more than the only earth we have& the people that live on it # Lani
With dictators and not our allies.. @Potus is USA worst Potus.
Donald Trump is a disgrace to humanity. The leader of the free world chooses to shackle the world to a path of destruction.
How many countries did you say you travelled to Donny?
You flunked geography didn't you!!
We traveled the world and the seven seas. Everybody's looking for covfefe. #covfefe
MR. PRESIDENT.... I WILL HONOR YOUR COMMITMENT WITH MY WHOLE BEING. SO .....HELP ME ....GOD.
I think Eva Peron tried the same thing. She didn't fit in with people of real class either
IMPEACH TRUMP!!!!!!       OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE! TREASON!You can't fire the person investigating you. This still isn't Russia!!
Too bad you failed and made the US embarrassed. #trumpsucks #stoptheembarrassment
Haha haha ha ha.. you're hilarious.  Keep the comedy show going. Mr Joke-for-a-president
Yes indeed very strong and tight with the Saudis
Did you not see that they all were talking about you and making fun of you? They think your a joke
That Moment when Mr.Trump had done more good for America in 6 months than Obama did I'm his entire time as president
Great trip and so successful!
America First! You’re doing a Great job for us all!!! 
I'm trying to raise money for cancer patients last wish and for meds and transportation and food and rent and other things that Medicare won't pay for the most SSI will pay is 735 no one can live on that

We traveled the world to strengthen long-standing alliances, and to form new partnerships. See more at:… https://t.co/FT...
God bless you Mr President.
@Reince45
Top Trump economic adviser: ‘Coal doesn’t even make that much sense anymore’
Trump what if someone destroy the wall like not that big
Thanks
Oh you a white supremacist too?
We traveled the world to strengthen long-standing alliances, and to form new partnerships.

Saudi Arabia is the best ally of every nation that welcomes peace and promotes the spirit of interrelations between peoples and religions. 
Always support the Great America
EMBARESSED BY YOU!
Are you that same person who once said that if elected president, India will have a true friend in the White House?
Don't forget that Hindus and Indian's played a very big role in you getting elected as the US president.
Mr President I had a dream about you and in the dream you caused everyone to say IT IS GOD!!!! Praying for you.
I loved watching this trip and your progress! Great Job! Stay safe and keep up the great work!
لن تنفكوا من دعم احتلال اسرائيل ولكننا لن ننفك على الوقوف مع أهلنا في فلسطين وسندعمهم بالمال والسلاح والرجال والدعاء ستتغير اللعبة بالعلم
الديمقراطية الزائفة لتحميكم فيما بينكم وتعاملكم مع العرب والمسلمين لادمقراطية هاكذا أمريكا جذورها يهودية فلا ننتظر منكم الا الخراب والحروب
Your a Blessing to Our Country as You successfully extend an Olive Branch of Peace, Integrity, Diplomacy, Unity, & Strength 
Donald I appreciate the job you're doing , sorry the democrats are so against what you and WE THE PEOPLE  want !!! Keep trying  MY President
Amen Mr. President
That's no trust or alliance, that's contradicting,condescending, and stupidity!
How exactly do you plan on strengthening allies with other countries when you want your travel ban passed?
Great job. Your the best president ever.
Trump has a narrow understanding of issues. Visiting four countries constitutes the world. Shocking ignorance.
It's funny because everything I read most of the world leaders don't like you
You went to a country that has not one church and kills Christian converts, to attack others with many Christians - for money. All for $$$
Thank you President Donald Trump! Mi casa es su casa:)...........Love Cmyrna2017
This will drive the dems crazy  then start
Breaking down the districts they are too liberal.better hurry the dems are running the clock on u
You were MAGNIFICENT and you didn't tweet.
