It's time for the AG to power a Grand Jury on Clinton and others to clean up these late night shows

The presidency is now an infomercial.

#WereDoomed
*we're*
no punctuation in a hashtag but thanks for playing!

#We'reDoomed
#FunctionalityTrumpsGrammarOnTwitter
#WeAre pretending that you aren't an idiot, doesn't change the fact that you are indeed, an idiot 
Thanks for that unsolicited opinion random person who thinks he/she is plural...
Your insults are just as lame as your spelling. #Trump2020
I thank all of you for your contribution to the conversation.

#TheVoicesArentReal
#ItsJustYou
It's not really possible to have @foxandfriends and "great show" in the same sentence. Glad you have so much spare time to watch trashTV!
Popycock
Is that the name of your parrot? Nice name. *back to sleep*. Insomnia puts questions like this in a whole new light ;)
More than one meaning to popycock
Must be a melineal
Now you just sound like a bot. Sorry, Mambi: I can't carry on stupid exchanges full of hate more than 3 tweets long;See you on the highway.
Thank you Mr president for all you do making America 1st. We support you and know cnn and msnbc etc are B.S. we appreciate what your doing.
STOP. WATCHING. TELEVISION.
Just the NF L
CNN sucks liberals suck kick their ass
Compare Prices' travel costs to Pelosi, then others, then decide
Did somebody hypnotize you to repeat everything Fox says??? Maybe some Russian babes when you were there??? Great mind control. Look n 2 it.
Thank you Donald Trump - hilarious reality show of American government. We get it now. Can you please resign?
No one is more qualified as "Fake News" than YOUR buddies at fox.......
So...you have time to not only watch hours of TV, but tweet fanmail.  Shouldn't you be tending to your morning NK intel briefing instead?
Is 4 years over yet ?
What do you do when you suck!?  Try to GO BIGGER!  @foxandfriends final breath before it sinks..#deplorable
That is if you like vicious propaganda.
FAKE NEWS
Breaking news from Fox has witnesses stating you struggle with erectile dysfunction.

Proven fake news

.@FoxNews is changing their  theme from "fair and balanced" to "unfair and unbalanced." But dying @WSJ is worse.Their phony poll is a  joke!
#WorstPresidentEver
Snif! snif! Lord, what have we done that was so terrible that you gave us a president such as this one? Whatever it is, we will repent.
Just get a real job tamer
Fox has no friends
Elie may ignorant
He was also a shitty actor, thanks for the reminder
Fuck off.
Guess what, he's your President. Have a good day.
He ain't my President ever. Maybe Putin's. And he's going to jail. Soon.
If you're American, yes he is. #MAGA
He's not mine. No respect.
#FakeNews
Bahahaha your fake news station that you love. I say you are to chicken to go onto the Maddow show aren't you. Cos this 1 would chew up...
Can't promote producs
#FakeNews for a #FakePresident

Yes great job.  Remember...you are complicit in everything that this idiot is doing.  Look your children in the eyes and sleep well.
With everything going on in the United States, you're watching and then tweeting about Fox/faux news. You really need to get a grip.
Orange presidunce and the morons on a couch.
You like them because they lie as much as you do, right.
You do love your sycophants, don't you?
That show sucks
As Puerto Rico gets destroyed, President "I don't watch tv" admits to doing the thing he's always too busy to do... that's MAGA

Your father still never loved you.
#FakePresident , #FakeNews
Newsflash! Dictator compliments state run media news corp.
If Morgan Freeman visits the White House make sure you keep him away from 'the button'
stop watching TV. you're the fucking president.
And Thank you Knight Rider and KITT, VERY exciting! Although that episode looked familiar? #imaginaryfriends #JohnMiller #JohnBarron
Oh my god. Fox and friends.... the Mickey Mouse club of news shows. No wonder you can't read or put an intelligent sentence together.
Lemme guess they spent the entire show kissing your ass again?
STOP WATCHING TV! DO YOUR JOB! NATURAL DISASTERS ARE DESTROYING THE PLANET- GET BACK INTO THE PARIS ACCORD NOW!!
For someone who claims that he doesn't have time for TV, you do an awful lot of it. #25the45th #FakePresident #TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist
Thought I heard a giant sucking sound this morning...
Mueller is coming!
FAKE NEWS....BIAS....ONE SIDED....YOUR PERSONAL ASS KISSERS....!
Fake tv!

All this deviousness rhetoric spewed out. We are our worst enemy. To much hate. Come together America while we still can
JC make me puke
He saw the clip on YouTube
Lol
Let my people go
Crook
Yes, thank you again , Fox News for your support for this lying president.
lol propaganda he likes
Please stop endorsing biased news just because it placates your ego.
STOP WATCHING TV AND DO YOUR JOB!
You don't even LIKE it when he does his job. Go back to your safe space
Shutting your pants yet?
State endorsement of propaganda. Illegal conduct.
Mexico giant earth quakes Trump lets deregulate building codes so0 I can make more money
Dude. You're going to give yourself a gluten intolerance or sump.
what are you fucking doing about Mexico and Puerto Rico you lazy ass????
Stop watching entertainment TV &try 2do some work that won't hurt America & Americans (HC) and the planet (gutting EPA) and the world (UN).
Fox News is the biggest bully tv in the world. What did the wife you purchased say about bullying?

So they verbally sucked your cock well enough for you to get off on yourself

#sadbloatedcarrot
If you applaud Faux Noise's disinformation, it simply speaks to your simpleton perception of your world.  Liars lie with liars.  Go Mueller.
Could you maybe skip a Fox and Friends occasionally and pay attention to your intel briefing. Ummkay. That'd be great.
you're a media-hound. narcissistic, delusional, and just plain fucking certifiably and most likely listed in the DSM as nuts

Stole this from .@RealJamesWoods Hiiiiiiiiiilarious .@POTUS .@KellyannePolls .@GregGutfeldShow 
Smiling big in Austin
#AnotherDayattheOffice
nauseating
Watch  Rachel Maddow  (Number 1 rated NEWS) last Night.    

TICK TOCK....

It's almost Mueller Time.
Fake show, fake president, perfect match.
... having free time for bad TV?
Garbage in, garbage out.

Stupid man, watching the lowest intellect show, because they massage his fragile ego. 

You're a fraud and a traitor and the world KNOWS
Yes!

So sick of your mouth
Geez Don!  I can't tell whose head is further up your butt... yours or your (Fox) friends!! #headupyourass
They must have been blowing smoke up your ass again

Do you just sit around watching tv all day???
um, you know that they aren't really "news" don't you?  For a guy who hates fake news, ironic that you tune into the fakest news of all.

Horrible show and even more horrible fans
Thank you President Trump for all you do.
Hey Don, what happened to draining the swamp and cutting back on spending?
Commonly known as mutual ass kissing! Pathetic!
گوه خوري كردي باز؟؟!!
Do you do anything other than watch dumb tv that tells you what you want to hear or what you would like to be true ? Maybe read a book ?
Fuck this not a great show to watch the ratings and reviews are falling
Dear world.  Our president is a fool.  Certified fool.  Please know that the Americans with right mind are all ashamed.
I though u hated fox
Do you ever watch anything besides that garbage? #ReadaBook
هذا نتيجه قصف طيران،وصواري امريكا على المدنين في اليمن ل٩٠٠يوم ،،ياترامب
Fake news
I thought you said you didn't have a lot of time to watch TV these days  Are you planning on doing your job anytime soon?

Why are you watching TV??? Useless president. Resign!
Another hurricane is hitting Puerto Rico and u are watching TV
Liar
How's their ratings, worsening now I bet
Worst show ever...worst POTUS ever.
Feeding your propaganda and ego.
He watched the Emmy's too!  LOL

State TV.   Americans hope to bring them down.

Maybe you could try watching American owned and operated news? Just sayen, Comrade.
Only because Sean Hannity gets on his knees for you.
Leadership, better off without you
"Our thoughts and prayers are with Puerto Rico and the people of Mexico as they face these natural disasters" Signed, the POTUS we need.
RIGHT??!!
Thats right its a show no honesty no real news its a show like the apprentice they are working for you its RIDICULOUS
Fox News. That’s a joke.
President Shill
Really???? Can't wait for #ImpeachTrump !
everyone hates you

Whahahahaha!!!
So how does living in an echo chamber feel, Mr. President?
That show blows!
Great state tv peddling more trumpshit.
Try watching a science program one of these days, moron!
Loved the witch that Tucker had on WOW GLAD YOU FOUND SOMETHING TO BELIEVE IN 
            IDIOT
Yeah, I don't watch any tv at all but I stream this show when I get home - Australian Supporter.
KEEP UP THE WONDERFUL JOB YOU'RE DOING FOR US!!  WE LOVE & SUPPORT YOU ALL THE WAY!!
Did they say Trump is smart, not dumb like all the others say?
So unfair.

What is up with Sessions? Why isn't he doing his job?(Treason, wire-tapping, break federal laws, etc. Democratic crime sprees..... wth?

That's because they stroke you...

Stop watching TV.

He's so busy working, he doesn't have time for television, vacations, tweeting or...oh, who am I kidding.  That's all he does...
Fox and Friends? Great show? LOL (gotta be sarcasm)
Do you ever read...or is it just TV?
being president must be hard work.... resign
You watch more tv than I do.
The only thing worse then them is u
Did they fluff you good this morning? Please resign.
https://twitter.com/FaithFamilyUSA/status/910532883676352512 …
POTUS TAKE THIS THREAT SERIOUSLY GET TOP MILITARY STRATEGY TO ELIMINATE NORTH KOREA AND GET RID OF THIS MENACE NOW!!
BREAKING: North Korea Issues Terrifying Message About 'Nuclear Strike' and 'Final Ruin' of U.S. http://ift.tt/2xgR1kf  
Fake news
Your bias is a sign of weakness. Every time you  attack people or show preferences  you are displaying fear and weakness
Faux and friends the original fake news network

fake news just like your a fake president

PATHETIC You latch on to anyone who praises you, and blame others for your ineptitude. No wonder the world is mocking you.

