White Supremus in the White House! Not my president
White Supremacist in the White House! #NoMyPresident#
Roy Moore is a good man. I am glad Mr. President, you are throwing him support. Luther Strange allowed his people to attack Moore's family
P.Trump.Please support Judge Moore who is the man for this particular position.We need a Godly man in the U.S. Senate.
It's serious the Republicans are on their way out! It's hard to get the president out but not too hard #NotMyPresident#
Yet you blamed the group she was a part of for her death because they were just as bad as the group that killed her? You're a joke Donald!
Roy Moore I feel like is the best of the two. he has stood up for religious freedoms in Alabama for a long time.
Did you give them the tufted pillows for their knees or did the GOP? That's a requirement right? #25thAmendmentNow
Roy Moore has proven he is the only True Patriot & Constitutionalist in this race.Strange is the clone of RINO McConnell & Crony Corps.
Moore brought IN the 10 commandments to AL capitol, then fought to keep them. No reason to bring in. Created drama/gave himself a platform..
Justice Roy Moore has always defended & honored our Constitution.Not an opportunity seeking come lately like Strange.
Vote @MooreSenate he is a noble man. Luther Strange is a Rhino  Puppet! @realDonaldTrump how could you endorse a rhino?!
More going on here than we know...hmmm. I honestly don't mind either one. I like Moore a bit more BUT, Trump has his reasons. Smart man.
@POTUS Pls get to know Roy Moore he  supports you&your agenda he cant be bought by the SWAMP=He is a Man of God no doubt abt it @Paula_White
Paul said you like to tickle the ear. He was correct.
Please endorse Moore over the swampman! 
pudrete mal pario
They'll still lose in December because of the backlash of your failed presidency. #TrumpRussia #TrumpIsANazi #trumpisaloser #trumpisaracist
THE HEAT IS ON!!! IT'S CLOSING IN!!! JAIL ON THE HORIZON!!! YOU ARE GOING DOWN!!! #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump
"Congratulations," you half-witted Nazi lover.
DEFCON Level: Bigger Board
This endorsement confirms your support for racism and bigotry. 
Vomit.
...you need a bump? # Cocaine
please get behind Roy Moore, Mr. President, he is an outstanding conservative that will help your agenda.
Can't wait to re-elect Trump and trigger the snowflakes for 4 more years
Go get em Roy!
Shut up.
Enough with.@chuckschumer & his gang of thugs Get the Dem out & let's replace them with the 99% who knows what struggles really means
Dirt bag!
Dear trump,
Why is devotion required?
.@realDonaldTrump if I pour salt on you will you shrivel up and go away?
God bless you and God bless USA. 
TENEMOS QUE DETENER EL TREN LLAMADO LA BESTIA DETENER PANDILLAS DE MARAS PONER ORDEN Y PROTEJER NUESTRAS MUJERES @EPN .....
Great Job!   Changes needed to be made, the status quo was not working.  Keep fighting the good fight Mr President!
Follow me for a larger cause
Praise Neo-Nazi, KKK, White Nationalist, White Supremacist to the Whitehouse! 
#NotMyPresdient
#RESISTANCE
#Resist
W e pray for you every day..,  excellent job with Korea 
REAL LEADERS ARE ORDINARY PEOPLE WITH EXTRAORDINARY DETERMINATION
Are the neo-nazi or kkk also?
Strangely, you get credit for getting Sen. Strange into the runoff. Not so strangely--he won't win even with your RoboCalls.
Are they white supremacists? 
Asking for a friend.
Shit always rises to the top.
Your tantrum on 8/15/17, Tuesday, will be your signature mark in history. It will be played over in over for years,hundred years from now.
Roy Moore is raving mad lunatic on par with you. I expected nothing less from the people of my backward state. Sorry America.
LORD HEAVENLYN PROTEJER GIRL DETENER MARAS IR ALFRENTE PARAR MIGRANTES @EPN
When you speak off the cuff all you do is give the left wing idiots 15 more minutes of fame!Please stop! I get  the sarcasm
not my president you did not win-loss by 3 million votes smallest inaugural, hands, ect...
Which one is the neo-nazi that you want to have win?
Speaking of RACE....
I mean, if you are neo-nazi and quiet, that's awesome, right?
There was a day when Nazis were ashamed to admit they were Nazis.... Then you were elected President!
Everything that you stand for is what we thought was wiped out of politics 50 years ago!
America should declare war on our President!
Fake
Shut up, sympathizer.
Thanks for empowering these assholes, sympathizer-in-chief.
Really draining that swamp, huh, pal?
David Duke loves you     Racist.
You're credibility & moral authority now = 0
So many trolls. Get a life.
God bless our President.

The Alabama Senate race is Strange and Moore. I'll say!
@dccc @GOP Not worth the effort to reply.
My God, can't you spell or write correctly? It's CONGRATULATIONS WITH AN S AT THE END!!!
It's not a race. It's an election. Don't treat it as a child's game.
U know that's really cool that our president of the U.S.A keeps up with the race ( way to go Mr.President  Trump)!!!
Barf
Please back Roy Moore!
Congratulation to Roy Moore and Luther Strange for being the final two and heading into a September runoff in Alabama. E...

Just to be absolutely clear,

The Republican Party has formally endorsed a candidate for Senate who believes the country was better off…

I think you mean 'exciting racism.'
Uncle Donald will you please rip the fuckin arms and legs off of David Duke on here like ASAP cause this is annoying. Virginia is racism.
Virginia is for the racist.
Charlottesville is one of the most anti-white places in America.
Like the continent of Africa?
Africa isnt in America.
But it's one of the most anti white places in the world.
South africa seems to be.
#DonaldTrump is doing great damage to voters. Towns, cities and  states throughout the U.S. are being hurt - many rights being lost!
It was all you Don. Just you.  They couldn't do it without you.  You are the one.  

Ohhhh what will grand finale be ... "resign "
@Bwdreyer 
Trumputin  would like a lawbreakers ticket of Moore and Arpaio?
Mr. President, Get behind Roy Moore or you will lose in Alabama..
I want to fart  here
Both great candidates!
My vote is for MOORE!
like a child who has no friends running around trying to find some.
A very scary race, neither should be elected to office.
SUPPORT JUDGE ROY MOORE FOR #ALSEN BECAUSE MOORE SUPPORTS ABOLISHING THE SENATE FILIBUSTER TO MOVE YOUR AGENDA FORWARD. McConnell Betrayed
#ImpeachTrump
Love my president.I pray for you and your family .So glad we have you in the WH.Democrats want to turn the US into a communist country
Let's hope Roy Moore wins!
Roy Moore for the win

He probably went to Burger King after eating Mueller's never ending stream of #NothingBurgers http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/special-counsels-russia-probe-loses-top-fbi-investigator/story?id=49249486 …
More Nazis for your stable?
Aka I'm not sure how democracy works but I'm told this is good

Crook.
What color is your fake skin and hair this week.
Lets talk about race and diversity.
International Money Laundering is a Sin, a Felony, an Impeachable Offense and your strongest suit. #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow
Dignity, grace, compassion and humility. Just a few traits that we should expect a President to possess which you do not. #ImpeachTrump
Which is better;
A person removed from office Twice for breaking the law 
Or
Someone promoted to squash an investigation 
Bet you want both!
Don't vote for either of those people if your smart
Well, your spelling shows YOU'RE not smart.
More MOORE
More MOORE
More MOORE
More MOORE
Your losing control of your mind. And I don't feel sorry!
Going to switch to Moore now? Trump can't be seen with losers, he has the winning gene! Even if that means lying and switching sides.
If PORUS fire everyone then he will do the job by himself
#impeachtrumpnow Resign and go back to Queens, better yet go back to Russia. @notmypresident

America won't let anymore Democrats win as long as they fight you & #AmericaFirst. #MAGA
Luther has  @SenateMajLdr dirty money. @MooreSenate will support our @POTUS 
VOTE MOORE #LUTHERISSTRANGE McConnnell/Ryan step down!! @GOP

Congrats on the end of your agenda. Luther Strange will vote against you. Guess YOU FAILED
#NeoNazi: Like father like son.
@GOP Don't understand your endorsement of RINO and McConnell tool Luther Strange. We need more conservative Senators!
Should have been Moore and Brooks but Mitch's bitch got your "support" - HE will turn on U like the rest of them.  Fool's candidate
Alabama voters please do not vote in McConnell lap dog. You're smarter than that.
Congrats to Donald Trump for being a Nazi Sympathizer. #ImpeachDonaldTrumpNow
With any luck you will be out of office by then and we won't have to deal with anymore annoying tweets like this.  #racistpresident
There is one other person left in that race too DUH !! smdh
Should have backed M.Brooks,the real conservative in the race!Strange is just a useful fool for McConnell Who's targeting  conservatives
Remember this guy? I guess your endorsement is as worthless as your next to be bankrupt business: Vote for Luther Strange, he will be great!
Judge Roy Moore is the true conservative, not part of the elites in DC. Loves the USA, constitution,  & God. Stay strong potus, we love you!
Speak for urself
I speak for myself and the many Trump supporters! Your in Spain so you should mind your own business. USA 
Gee, a racist and a racist cheered by another racist. Who will Bama choose?
Mueller is taking you DOWN and America can't wait! Illegitimate Putin puppet
NOW SUPPORT MOORE!!!!!!!
You remember who you endorsed right? Neither do we, so it's not too late. Moore's as pure as Bannon but I know u luv some Strange Mitch.
We all know you backed Strange, & it didn't help him. You're a racist. Resign.
"The final two?" Reality check: This is not a game show. This is real life with real outcomes that affect real people. Resign.
Make Roy Great Again!
Yet you blamed the group she was a part of for her death because they were just as bad as the group that killed her? You're a joke Donald!
Mr Trump please help preserve confederate history monuments. These people are getting out of control.  They can't rewrite history.
Mitch McConnell is Washington trash. You are doing a great job but you need decent people who will work for the people in congress.
Will they show the runoff results in prison so you can see them?  
Go Roy Moore! 
And congratulations to you for coming out as the White Supremacist neo Nazi KKK lover you are. #25thAmendmentNow
GET THE TRUMP TRASH OUT OF THE WHITE HOUSE  IF YOU WANT TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT  CLEAN IT UP GET THE KKK OUT OF WHITE HOUSE
You couldn't find two bigger racist and old boys to represent the South.
Did you ever think that maybe your endorsement poisoned Luther and forced him into a runoff?
Resign
@realDonaldTrump It's Alabama - the people there gave up living in 1949
Yea, They are both racists.
The socialist left drew a line in the sand with violence, and the conservative correct are cowering with no push back at all.
Appropriate names.   We don't want any Moore and we don't like Strange ideas.
Nazi
Fake president, move along
Love you Trump! Have a great day.

hi
GREATEST PRESDEND   OF  OUR  GENERATION OBAMA  AND A  MERE MISTAKE AND  CHEAT  WE HAVE NOW
#SoMuchWinning #Charlotesville #DoNothingGOP
Well your endorsement of Strange clearly didn't help him. He finished 2nd to get the run off. So much for carrying the GOP to victory.
U can head on down to Alabama in Ur KKK whites & rally w/ all Ur Nazi friends!  Take Bannon, Miller, Gorka w/ U & tiki torches.  #RacistPigs
Gag
Resign.
All racists!
WE  will send You Judge Roy Moore, a man of GOD that will help Drain the Swamp!
HERES A  HOPE  ROP   DEMOCRATS  DONT PASS ANYTHING TRUMP PUTS UP  RIDE IT OUT  TELL WERE RYD OF THIS  PARASITE  LETS  NOT  CHANGE ANYTHING
Congratulations to Donald Trump.  The Rasmussen polls show strong approval rating of 26%.  I thought it would be lower. @realDonaldTrump
pollsters were wrong in 2016,pollsters will be wrong once again in 2018,2020 !!!
Actually, there is another man, Doug Jones who will win in the end.
#TrumpOut
Strange is way behind because a racist pos endorsed him
Luther is committed to the #MAGA agenda.
More winning!
Congratulations to ALL the CEO's for dumping Trump
never
Why don't you stop tweeting for awhile?  DO something of some consequence and importance.  Your stay i office is one huge joke.
Roy Moore is the true patriot. I remember when he fought to save the 10 commandment mont. they were wanting 2 take down.
Two more bigots from a backward state
Please go away.
next months Time cover
Blah blah blah... go away you are destroying this great country
The Leftist lose again! We must crush the leftist in every election in America!
