What do you mean by "Deal with"? Is Puerto Rico disturbing your weekly golf game? What a burden! Sad!
Puerto Rico does NOT have a congresswoman. They have a non-voting resident commissioner. You're the president. HOW DO YOU NOT KNOW THAT!?!?!
I'm not surprised. Guys brain is probably 89% chocolate cake at this point.
http://House.gov : PR does have a Congresswoman, Jennifer Gonzalez-Colon. She is first PR woman to hold that job. Ur brains r mush.
Actually crap for brains, Puert Rico does NOT have a "Congresswoman". Jenniffer Gonzalez is considered a non-voting RESIDENT COMMISSIONER.
Puerto Rico doesn't have congressional representation, you syphilitic sociopath.
Except they do.
Except they don't. She isn't a congressperson, she is a resident commissioner and she DOES NOT GET TO VOTE. No vote=No representation.
Your opinion does not change the definition. DC has non-voting Congress person as well.
My opinion? Not having a vote is a fact.
Sadly, #Trump does not realize that the leaders in #PuertoRico do not need his pat on the back at this time. They need resources and aid.
Please try to keep up, supplies sitting at port of San Juan.  Authorities can't seem to get off asses to delegate
It’s a logistical problem, not for lack of trying. Roads are blocked. There is fuel, but still need means to distribute.
Right. Every natural disaster causes logistical problems, so finding a solution quickly is vital to get the people affected what they need.
Agreed!
To demonize the mayor of #SanJuan because she has vocalized her frustration is wrong; it politicizes at a time when real people need help.
It's imposible to demonize demons. She has just been exposed. She not even replied to FEMA's invitations to meet/witness their ops.
PERIOD. ENOUGH SAID. ANY LIB THAT WANTS THE TRUTH WILL READ THE GOVERNOR'S WORDS THAT HE IS GRATEFUL FOR ALL OF THE HELP AND RESP FROM POTUS
So she was nice to you ?
Someone is trying to suck up

YOU DIPSHIT!!!
Puerto Rico HATES you.70% of the USA HATES you.The world laughs at you(incl Russia which has paper on you).You are NOT welcome in the UK.Sad
It doesn't matter anymore dementia syphilis Alzheimer's either way you're unfit for office and must be removed at all costs
Better kiss her ass. #DotardDonnie
Go away Trump!!!
No. One. Believes. You.
My name is Vangelys Abinader I'm very happy you are my president!! Good Bless you and our country USA
So proud of you as President!
Puke making!
So you’re praising the people who fail to call you out on your BS & attacking the ones who do, although they’re all victims of #Maria. #UBum
Nah. You don’t get to tweet nice things about PR officials after slandering the San Juan mayor all morning. You’re a joke.
DEMS are desperate @POTUS @realDonaldTrump youve done such a great job ¡ #MAGA #FakenewsCNN
To "DEAL WITH"? WTF?
What a disrespectful way to phrase your so called respect for a congressWOMAN!
Shagg her arse
Oh, just shut up already.
Why are you so evil?

Theodor Seuss
Theodor Seuss Geisel was a liberal Democrat , know a doctor Seuss so maybe he was a racist after all being a democrat
 
Impeach this fucking nightmare of a monster. This Russian puppet. This money-laundering fool. This racist Nazi fuck.
You can tweet all you want, the bottom line is you have failed the people of Puerto Rico.
Talk about someone who wants everything done for them? 
Do your damn job!
Tired of your pettiness.
Swear to God?
Lots of heroes involved in Puerto Rico. None of them are named Trump. Shut up and let competent professionals handle this.
Sounds a little bit like you're trying to make up for this morning's mistake.
John Kelly must've told him that he really messed up this morning. Now he's trying to get back on Puerto Rico's good side
She must be kissing your butt!
Guess who is not a great representative of the American people? You.
Fuck you.
seems like an appropriate response
Considering he’s only tweeting these hollow kudos in attempts to make up for his dumbass comments early, yeah,an FU is absolutely reasonable
Hey buddy, I am just a sentient calzone, but a piece of advice: spell the Congresswoman's name right. It's the right thing to do.
Meanwhile the San Juan mayor is too busy changing clothing for a Perfect CNN photo OP.
Doing what ever they can to avoid reporting on a Democratic Senator on trail for Bribery
PS you can always tell  @TheDemocrats are in to
deep, when @andersoncooper is required to get off his ass 
#MAGA
You can always tell Trumpers feel threatened when they help their cult leader smear the mayor of a city just destroyed by a major storm.
Or maybe we're just former and current Federal employees with more than 25 years in intermodal logistics trying to educate you.
Ouch that hurt...bot broken #MAGA 
Haha, retired from fed employment as GS-11 currently a logistics consultant. They won't even ask, just blame Trump for the mayor's failure
What, specifically, did the mayor do incorrectly and how is Trump attempting to help the situation?
Wonderful to deal with? Puerto Rico is going through a disaster & YOU had no intentions of helping. This isn't a Yelp review of PR leaders!
so called "leaders" such as that woman mayor who POLITICIZES a natural disaster instead of being a Team Player  That's what's WRONG with PR
Weird, you seem to tweet only during Russian business hours. Could that mean....no? Yes! You're a Russian bot. Internet Research Agency! SAD

Assange: Emails Show Facebook Colluded With Clinton To Ensure Win #FACEBOOKLEAKS  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bLksI1CvQmA … 
Trump! Who the hell cares about Hilary anymore she is not the joker who is destroying the country Reps are retarded to bother blaming her 
Does 9 million children losing #Healthcare under #chip make America great again? #youfucker #ImpeachNow #impeach45
Too bad you are horrible to deal with
You are both base and crass, the majority of the country LOATHES and DETESTS you both. Sad 
U and jennifer gonzalez-colon ain't shit! I hope u saved some of the paper towels u were tossing to clean up all the crap u talk!
Here for your perusal is a desperate plea from a Puerto Rican police officer in the thick of it on the island:
Thank you for being the Greatest Pres in History
If you truly believe that I have a piece of Swamp land that I can sell u very cheap #adultdaycare
Just like Katrina???  When asshole do nothing prez went golfing instead of going to flood area???  Hypocrites in full force.
No matter what you say, people will complain.

So Sad! POTUS is horrible at eating cow!
Must be like when you said your not going to make money off your tax scam/plan 
#TrumpBringsShame
You found the one person on the island willing to put up with your bullshit.
Is that cause she is doing what you want her to do maybe she is not a strong woman like @CarmenYulinCruz that can make her own decisions
Chasing after adoration and  pounding your chest is beneath the dignity of a POTUS, except for YOU!
Won't be long you'll be criticizing her
Shut up
Yulin Cruz is a bad leader!!
Backpedal much?
You really are an immature imbecile. You are seriously tweeting about the Puerto Ricons you like & making a point of not including the Mayor
It's not a popularity contest, Mean Girl.
Love her! 
Wonderful to deal with? It's your duty to help the people. You act like you should choose to save http://lives.You  sound foolish.
#useless #Dotard #inhuman
a) spell her name right. b) she's a non-voting member (called a resident commissioner) not a congresswoman.
Deal With?
Why?  Did she kiss your ass?
Dealing with you as they have no choice!
#trumpskatrina
Lemme guess, she told you your doing a 'great job'...
You're terrible honestly. Super ashamed.
So I never fell for Vietnam
We got the wall of D.C. to remind us all
That you can't trust freedom
When it's not in your hands...
Did you lie and say you are a swell guy
Someone suggested you speak well of a woman, we see.
Because like u, she's not here and doesn't know shit about what's going on. She cannot represent us in any way. She's not suffering like us.
#25thAmendmentNow
Jennifer is what P R needs. and I don't j-low
Too bad no one can say the same about you and your inability to govern.
You didn’t tweet this - the wording is too perfect
what parts is she seeing the areas that are being helped first or the side that got hardest hit so which area.
Put the golf club down, stop tweeting and act like a President, step off the play ground. While you have your 4* dinner, think of PRico!
Shut up
Her best quality: her brown nose.



That was until you told them 2 their faces the own money & u threw paper towels at them to whip up their own mess Bet U think you're better
Need to find completely honest PR & install them in gov. USAID found ONLY honest Paraguayan & put him in charge of Treasury now P 23% growth
Oh yea that is until she says something u don’t like #TrumpleThinSkin
Why will the Puerto Rican truck drivers not deliver food and medicine to their own people. Looking for cash
Are you purposely leaving out the mayor of San Juan you sniveling little man-child? So transparent and so childish. Try leading. She does!
A great representative of the people. "What is: the exact opposite of Donald Fucking Trump"
Drat, now I think poorly of her. If you like her, she must be something of a boot-licker.
Just trump’s way of blaming other people for his mistakes
what about bridge city Tx.
What did you just call her, Chump?
Backstepping much?
Everyone in Puerto Rico knows what a fraud you are -- now you give a crap -- you didn't give a crap until you got caught not giving a crap
The governor and congresswoman great job but not  that big mouth mayor of San Juan
Haiti still waiting on the Clinton Foundation but Hillary had other plans with the money. MSM crickets.
PLEASE TAKE A MINUTE AND LOOK AT THESE HATEFUL POSTS...AND PLEASE STOP! WE ARE ALL SUPPOST TO BE ON SAME TEAM. REMEMBER LOVE TRUMPS HATE????
At least this woman isn't making the rest of us look bad.


"to deal with" 

Should try "to work with"
She's Resident Commissioner. And she hates you too
It took you long enough to meet her maybe cause she wasn’t playing golf
She tells the TRUTH about how hard U & FEMA, et al, R working 4 Puerto Rico's 2-hurricane recovery, DESPITE their 10's of BILLION$ of debt.
Frmidable
https://twitter.com/NewtTrump/status/914157550680997889 …
"Covering Your Butt" Mr. Trump??
Oh please
All of you need to know Trump is not your provider... God is!

‘Work’ would be a much more appropriate word to use than ‘deal.’  You absolutely poor excuse of a person. Resign.

Haha! I love misspelled memes! Spell check is readily available on all computers and phones these days. Give it a try!
#FakePresident
Too bad she can't say the same about you. Shame.
This just in
Reality TV host seeing negative PR from being an asshole pretends to be "nice" 
American public waiting for his job review
U R  A FAKE PREZ...U LEAD SHIT...SUK ON A TURD
'Deal with' 
Too many trolls.
https://youtu.be/YHBNPJuPg3E  best of New York City street fights compilation .. Dope ? #streetfights
Puerto Rico receives $21 Billion in aid yearly, yet only pays $3.5 million in taxes, that’s about $1 per person
Trump has a problem with Puerto Rico’s ‘massive debt’ – but $33 million of it came from his failed golf course there
She must like to munch mini carrots.
Feel free to reply because I would love to engage you in a discussion of what integrity and serving the people is all about.
Too bad you're not. Stop killing people, get real help to Puerto Rico NOW. Get your ass off the golf course! #FakePresident
Too bad you aren't!
Sounds like Puerto Rico need a Colon cleanse
UR A SICK MAN.
You sound real juvenile right now. Grow a set and deal with the tragedy in PR. You can’t sweep it under a rug and act like it doesn’t exist
LOL HAD TO THROW SOMETHING ABOUT A WOMAN IN THERE TO LOOK GOOD, HUH. IS SHE REPUBLICAN?
#WorstPresidentEver
So you'll be turning on her next then?

No she haven’t she’s been crying on tv don’t you watch the fake news that’s right your playing golf all day sad
Bitch, please. You suck at this job.
Yeah, because she is helping Donald.  You are falling short as usual
An appreciative person w no political agenda just wanting to help ppl unlike the PR mayor unappreciative insulting
https://twitter.com/truthingov2016/status/914534339089747968 …
But only because she hasn't criticized you publicly, right?
Sorry, tht lady has Colon as her last name,im just gonna laugh at tht for the next 30mins
Don't stop Mr. PRESIDENT! We LOVE you! #BestPresidentEver
don't stop Mr trump we need you more
Hmm
Look at all the negative tweets from small minded people. It never stops.
