TRUMP 2020
All his campaign money is going towards lawyer fees.  You better keep donating.
I'll keep donating if it keeps Killary away!
Go for it!  He's gonna need to buy another gold toilet when the one he has now gets seized.
As long as it's gold! Winning!

Make America great again! Even if Leftists don't agree. Some day u may understand.
I'm an independent.   Many of us hate trump too.
Does everyone else see the Nazi tactics by the leftist idiots and troll tools to post multiple tweets.The first 3 posts here are all leftist
Yes. We need to keep fighting or we are going to be ruled by these totalitarian thugs!!!
I'm actually an independent.  I just think Trump sucks.
You're not supporting what mentality anymore? Being an adult and conservative about some topics?
I am conservative myself but will not force others to hold my views.  I don't care if two guys want to get married.  It's not my business.
Thank you for your leadership and surrounding yourself with superb individuals . #MAGA
You mean Bannon, Gorka and Miller?  The rest quit.
Thank you for keeping us safe. You help us sleep soundly at night. First in 8 years. #MAGA
Are you on crack?  This fool almost started WWIII on twitter.

May I ask why?
You MESSED UP yesterday. BOTH Sides is not at fault. What is wrong with you. READ a book or watch a movie on our history of America
Hooray, Kim Jong Un for having some self control.  Donny there's much to be learned. Comportment is not a strength for you.
Great Job Mr President.
Why don't you use wisdom and not make false equivalency between Nazis/White Supremacists  and those who stand up to them?
if north korea does not attack the us it could still attack japan or south korea
Thank you @realDonaldTrump for showing the world that we will not be intimidated by tyrants who think they can hold us hostage!
Who are you kidding! Both sides would lose if either side initiated.
Making America great again
Thanks to you.

You can't count the 5 million illegals who voted twice?
is there a different Kim Jong Un we don't know about? This is the most specific you've been all week.
Sure m8
Did you know that Pres Obama comment on twitter is the most liked?  You are the worse and a failure, despicable ... RESIGN!
Look outside the trump towers ... you are the worse president.  Pres Obama's tweet is the most liked!!!  U R the worse - RESIGN!!
Your presidency is America's disgrace. 

Your damage will takes years to fix. 

I can't wait till you are removed from office & in prison.


You're a racist fraud. Go away.
Listen YOU! All the credit goes to GENERAL DUNFORD + CHINA  - NOT YOU @realDonaldTrump #TRUTH - U R IRRELEVANT #Impeachtrump @Beanrag2
Not wearing the hood, 45? Worried it may muss up your hair?
Don't let our guard down.  He may chose to do it anyway.
You should consider making well-reasoned decisions yourself. For example, you might be less supportive of Nazis. Nah, just kidding. #MAGA
Please resign
Newsflash: NK never was going to fire at Guam. No semi victory walk 45.
Nice to see Kim Jung Un is the smart one in this..
All Kim proved was he's not as crazy as you are.
Yes, there were two awful sides to this violence. President Trump was absolutely correct. Why not show this pic, Fake News @CNN?
Please keep talking, you're digging a bigger hole for yourself 
Way to pick a side Donald..
#NoNazis
#ImpeachTrump
#Charlottesville
#USA 
He is tweeting not talking lefty
Mueller is working OT. 45 knows his fate and will continue chaos due to his conning ways. RUSSIA!
we ignore the ignorant 
Myriad faced—Don

Crow in many directions

Gutter bred scavenge   

#ImpeachTrump #NotMyPresident #WednesdayWisdom #ThisPoemDontRhyme #Hope
Stop the schoolyard pissing competition you complete buffoon. Exclamation marks do not make your threats more amusing.
A "very wide and well reasoned decision" would be your resignation post haste, Mr Nazi In Chief!
I find it appalling that it wasn't you who made a very wise and well reasoned decision.  Why him and not you?
You're the best fighter in the world-well done Donald!
Racist said wat?


hello
trump is a bummer
nothing to do with you fake potus
You welcomed this just like Charlottesville since it diverts attention from the Criminal Investigation of you by Mueller
Don't get me wrong. Its great that we are not in a nuclear war, but don't take credit.  You are the one who instigated with your rhetoric.
Just like you are instigating Neo-Nazis now...
You are the 'Chaos' and 'Ignorance' President it appears.
After Yesterday Your Removal From office is closer than ever.  And it's not Clinton, or Obama's fault.  It's your fault!!
seems standing up to him works better than sending him 2 reactors and $5billion
. Not hard to stand up to him when the fool has nothing to loose.
appeasement does not work, as obama and clinton found out. a $5billion bribe and 2 nuclear reactors did not stop his ambitions.
Acting like a fool on twitter could kill millions.  His stupid kids could flee to remote areas leaving us to die.  He needs to be removed.
NK wants to kill americans,they are developing the tech to do that in their millions.the US has facilitated that for years.Trump has said no
And you thing tweeting "no" is really going to do anything?  
but trump standing up to them and drawing a line in the sand, that they believed seems to have done, being an appeaser never works
That "line in the sand" of "don't bomb us" is a stupid one.  No crap.
Again.... Thank you MR. PRESIDENT 
Kim Jong Un of North Korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision. The alternative would have been both catastrophi...
He knew he was dealing with a lunatic. Kim Jung Un is the calm, stable person in your relationship.
 I love  you Lisa chola, you are too funny 
Well, one of them had to take care of the planet. It sure wasn't gonna be Donald! He loves madness, a circus.
A circus of madness, very fitting. He's the ringleader with the whip.
He's like a toddler with severe ADD.
No, he's not stupid, he's an egomaniac with a short fuse. He gets stuck on something that pisses him off & snaps, which is our advantage.
How about smart as a rat can be smart, finding holes and niches. My grandmother had a giant rat swim up the toilet, he made himself at home
Good
