Crooked n Russia have is common: Hillary Rodham Clinton is not innocent ,  Obama administration speaks volumes backstabbed own DEM_party
Focus Sir on USA  Agenda , CNN reminds daily Russia_ HRC crooked. CNN has got your back, seed is planted, growing , come 2020 4 more years
That didn't go so well  little Eric looks an insy bit smarter @EricTrump ...nah just kidding!
why
Nothing.  No tips no. Living
Lies just. Like. His dad. Ol
Love your kids but it'd be much better to have someone not related for job references just as required when we apply for a private job
PRES DJT REAL POTUS  CLEARLY SHOWED A TRUE MAN JUST LOOK AT HIS CHILDREN ALL LOVING W MORAL N INTEGRITY W GOD
More than you? Cause that would be easy
"I love it." - Jr. loves the idea of Russians trying to influence our election process.
My son, Donald, will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 P.M. He is a great person who loves our country!...
Got my popcorn ready... TV on... Lounge chair warm up.... My microwave told me to do this.... Or alternative facts from Kelly Ann Conway...
That little bastard is just like you, he only loves money!
Donald, if Republicans want to join Dems on "bump stocks" negotiate for Dems to join Republicans in Tax Reform.
Treat yourself to an extra big fried everything today, Mr. President. You deserve it more than your supporters can imagine.
Fredo Trump vs Hannity. Now there's a meeting of minds.
and anything bad about him must come from Ivana because it couldn't come from his father....the Almighty Trumpf  - He loves money more!
You spelled connections wrong. He loves his connections.
I'm sure Edward Snowden loved our country when he commited treason too.
Can you smell it Donnie? Can you smell all of it going up in flames? 
I'm so proud u r keeping your family together xmas @ folsom you'll all b together
We love your son president ...believe me he was set up by Obama/clinton /comey you must act president trump please for your family and ours
You forgot the ENJOY part you  TWIT
That so called attorney was a set up. . While being interviewed, she was smiling like she was getting away with something. So sad, more shit
Thank God we have ur unwavering stamina, steadfast commitment and your legacy to your son.  He'll be fine-getting prepped for his time in DC
He and you are traitors
I pray for you President Trump & our your family. These creeps will not stop, until we finally nail them back. 
Of course Fox News. Why not CNN. Oh they wouldn't baby him. What a joke.
By our country, you are clearly referring to your family's love for Russia. #ToRussiaWithLove
Someone is giving your son terrible advice.
I really wish that you would prosecute Hillary, the Clinton Foundation, and George Soros to sidetrack the Left's attacks. Also @jeffsessions
Bullshit! It doesn't matter if he got nothing at the meeting..he TOOK the meeting. He ANSWERED the emails and then forwarded them...
The word you are looking for is TRAITOR. Or criminal. And they told YOU of it. You announced a bombshell meeting and when Jr got nothing at
his rendezvous with the foreign agent, that press conference never happened. Coincidence? You can't erase the videos...or tweets.
But more like his mother?
Ah, but you know, love doesn't preclude stupidity, greed, hubris, treason, or daddy issues. Of course, you already knew that. #TrumpRussia
He loves it so much he was willing to lie for a year and change his story several times. I'll wait for Mueller to interview him.
@realDonaldTrump =
@DonaldJTrumpJr @don=
I don't watch FAKE NEWS......
Fuckin Traitor Trump Collusion 
Like father, like son.  They are nearly a complete tool box.  They are both spanners.
Time to impeach the Trump family and Make America Great Again #CrookedDonald

The only way that is true is if by "country" you mean whatever is in your families self-interest. You have no idea what love of country is
Treason all around
I would suggest that your son is a traitor Donald
#whichisashame - just a matter of time!
@RajparaYash  cheki huyu fala
Ahahahaha ako fala^2
We Patriots know he does. We love him and support him. Please be comforted knowing that. What doesn't break us, makes us stronger. Much 
Thanks for that unbiased opinion, very useful
I like this one, too!
Your son is a traitor. Chip off the old block!
Hopefully he throws a bunch of you under the bus that way he would be #maga
I couldn't believe SH ran out of questions! Don Jr. A great American..impressed by DT raised such admirable children...#MAGA
traitor
How much grease will he have in his hair?  Why doesn't he do an unbiased interview with someone like @charlierose . What are you hiding?
Nobody cares..... the average American voter doesn't care about this nonsense. Just focus on #MAGA'ing Trump! #FakeNews
Everyday we thank God this, now T-Shirt saleswoman, is not our President. Focus on The Wall and tax cuts.... what people really care about.
Try facts stupid
Same day Doofus J trump Jr met with Russians, YOU announced that you had big info on HRC. You knew, @realDonaldTrump.

Jail awaits you.
Doofus J trump Jr 
I LOVE that you never capitalize trump
He's not worthy of capitalization ....if only they were something smaller than lower case, besides his hands 
Oh, I can think of something smaller...
#teenyweeny
#invertedpenis ?
"Wait.  Is that it?"
That's TWICE you have commented on the person, not his predicament.  Calling him a "great person" is a mile away from calling him innocent.
Respectfully his "Innocence" is presumed, no need to speak the obvious, if he's guilty, guilty of what? And where's the supporting evidence?
Did he hold a meeting with someone offering information on behalf of the Russian gov.?
Clear. Out the. Trumps.
A must watch thank you Mr. President
Do you think you and your son will want to share a cell or have one each for your own?
They may want to but damned sure Bill don't want to share his with Hillary
I voted for you, but now I'm done.  It's clear you put your self before country. As bad as all the others, worse even. #regretmyvote
Let's ignore that he's a little late to the party, and embrace that fact that Joey showed up at all.  Welcome, Joey.
Excellent screen name, btw.
Maybe, but he loves his grandaddy Fred's $, now yours, a lot too, I bet.  And in the words of the Russian lawyer, he "wanted it so badly".
Trump family Russian traitors.
He did Great, Awesome Interview, He got it out there,! In the Fake News' Face!!!
Treasonous family! You all belong behind bars!!
Lololololol... How has he not blocked you yet?
And committed treason. ;)  Guess he loves Russia more. :(
He confessed to the Trump campaign colluding with Russia to interfere with the US election.. haha ahHAHA BHAHAHA AAAAAAHAHAHAHA  
Hey Sean. How does it feel to have been flat out lied to by @DonaldJTrumpJr the other night? More came out. He said hats all there was.
Sean hannity? Or your traitor of a son? Tweet wasn't really clear
Mr. Trump why did your son not come out with this information BEFORE all the Russia Mania started, we all could have avoided this nonsense
Good when it runs in the family
You only go on Faux Fox News! What a chicken !
Who's "he" - Hannity or your son?
i asked the same thing! GMTA
More lies, eh? None of you love our country. Your treasonous actions have already shown us that much.
Why not go on CNN, Abc,Nbc? Cuz hannity is your family lapdog
Give a break rob
Bwahahaha
Traitor... just like the rest of the Trump family.
why doesn't he appear on a real news channel...if he loves America so much why didn't he notify the fbi  about the Russian email
Emails. Rhymes with going to jail.
What a great show, not!!! What a joke
Pardon?
If you people cared about this country, you would step down. Your lack of ethics are lies don't belong in our WH.
screw him. He is a Ricky Schroder pos. You need to fade in the sun then get sun poisoning
If Donald Jr. is such a great person that loves this country, why did he attempt to commit treason?!  Should be arrested immediately!
Well Donny SR, one good thing you've done is make is easier for us to spot racists.
I'm glad you love your son but it will be hard to communicate with him when you're both in the slammer.  Lock him up!
Excellent interview but I see MSM are still swarming in the barrel.
Bull shit
Your son should probably stop talking, but we'll take it. Keep digging that hole deeper. All of you!
Wrong
No, silly. @seanhannity  only loves himself! And if I were Kirk and watching that interview I'd go: "No intelligent life form found here"
Both of them are idiots.
Since he loves America why does he weekly, daily and since he Been in office keep telling lies to the very people he loves so much??
Since he loves America so much why won't he support current sanctions and tougher sanctions on the Russians??? So much love. Right !
A little secret Mr. President. If your Son loved his Country, it would be obvious and Daddy wouldn't have to announce it!
Why has he never served "our country" on any level? Nothing about him is great. He is a conniving liar. Just like U. Hope he goes to prison.
Who? Your son or Hannity?!? Now you've got to choose one over the other. #HannityWins
Oh great, can't wait to watch two liars have a discussion. Hannity is a joke. Just like you and your family.
Sorry, but both your sons are scary to look at. Even worse when they open their mouths.
Who Sean Hannity? Puhleeze!!! He is as delusional as anyone else that makes excuses for the shit you and your family does!!!
Neither one of them are great and you are still an illiterate, knuckle dragging, troglodyte.  Sad!
He is a communist in my opinion and belongs  in jail. Special prosecutor isn't afraid of The Trumpiteers
6/7 Jr. sets mtg.  Sr. says “I am going to give a major speech on. . .Monday. . .and we’re going to be discussing. . .the Clintons,”  Hmmmmm
No, no-it is strictly illegal and clear that there has been or attempted Russian interference
Hilarious.

you do remember that America, not Russia is our country, right?
You love for Putin/Russia is blateltly obvious because of what you say and your actions. Perhaps you should move there.
Softball!
And he colluded with Russia. #MRGA
...and colluded with Russia Donnie.

If he loves it so much then why don't he just poison you and MAGA
Don't you think he already said enough?
But you don't watch TV
So glad you think so. Me? I'm not too sure
saw it, sounds like #Collusion
But he knows the money comes from Russia
@seanhannity seanhanmay be a great man that loves his country.  Your son is a traitor who colluded with our adversaries.

Lots of scoundrels hide behind the flag. Kim Jong-Un loves his country too. As did his father.  Like father like son. 

Cofveve!

Loves the stealing money out of our country!
...except for that whole 'treason' part...
#WatergateWithRussianDressing 
#WhoVettedMelania???????????
Does. Trump know. Anthoney. Wife.  Filed. For. Devorse
Trump you even sound thick when you tweet.

Wikileaks Exposes It Was HILLARY Who Met Secretly with a Foreign Ambassador. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inZCiimQJac … 

Donnie Jr is a traitor who will sell the USA down the river like us old fat daddy taught him
Yeah...Hannity is a perfect, unbiased interviewer.  Not.
Loves his country like a pimp!
Donny, you and your clan are clearly anti-US and should be tried for treason.  Even if you thought these actions were legal, you'd be wrong.
Lol!
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahaha
Raised him right, Dad! 
Lock him up. #LockDonJrUp
A grifter like his so called father.
Trump turn those tapes an tax returns
He was never taught love. Or morality. Or truth. Or commitment. He is you. We won't let you do to the country what you did to him. #Impeach
Too bad the country is RUSSIA, COMRADE!
Your son did nothing wrong and they are going after him in the media only because he is your son. Hope you pardon him, Jared & Paul..
Gross!
He's got an odd way of showing love for the USA: http://www.npr.org/2017/07/14/537219554/donald-trump-jr-meeting-included-second-russian?utm_source=twitter.com&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=politics&utm_term=nprnews&utm_content=20170714 … He met w/a Russian int'l hacker!
You love nothing but yourself...not even your son.
He might love this country but like you & the rest of them HE LIVES HIMSELF & $$$$$$$$$$$
Kushner's security clearances forms that contained @DonaldJTrumpJr emails are at the FBI. Whoever handles forms at FBI is Leaker of emails.
Have those individuals take lie detector tests!
CrookedSecretaryHillaryRussianConnections & ClintonFoundationMoneyLaundering are the Real Stories. DemocraticParty is selling out the USA.
Not really.  A true patriot would not accept help from Russia.
lookee there............ejitt and even bigger ejitt!!!
Great Interview! Blew the #FakeNewsMedia Right Out of the water! As usual!
But what if you are wrong?  Just like with healthcare when you underestimated how difficult it was....
Of corse he does,and we love him
im still wondering what happened to 33,000 deleted emails?
Not RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA
This is ridiculous
Thank God DJT and DJT Jr were doing opposition research during the campaign. Otherwise we would have a #Hildebeast president. #NothingBurger
Problem is all of you love $ more then our country, or it's citizens who are not as rich as all of you.  Your own bottom lines come first.
As if
Who is he?
Nope.
Y'all Trumps are screwed.  Bend over and take it little man.  Lmfao.
so it's out in the open & then our gov can finally get actual work done. Just a thought.
AFTER ALL, HE'S A TRUMPSSIAN
Oh that's so laughable! If your Crime Family loves Russia so much, why don't you all leave  and live there? Are the pp tapes stopping you?
I agree Sir got your six ! When you drain the swamp in DC I know another . Microsoft forces interruptions with forced updates
Why so he can lie like you?
I'll personally won't care what you and your family does from now on if you speak up about, and fight for, #NetNeutrality
YES
Oh, ok then
Like you, he loves Russia and Putin - not America!
