
Watching from outsside.. I don't see much difference between Dem & Rep in politics. Both are racist liars warmongers.
Well you must be a genius then, @PutinRF

Владимир Путин - трус
Instead of dealing with your own problems your elites are obsessed with Russians like German Nazis with Jews.. & blame others like Mexicans.
Right, sure sure

Hey, how bout some land in #Sochi @PutinRF can sell you, #Boris?

Владимир Путин - трус
Takes 1 to know 1, @Klllmanjaro
Meanwhile in US
Gen Powell is a deep rooted part of the "SWAMP".
Your lack of education.
It would be a honor to implement single payer healthcare for all Americans. It would the the greatest biggest most wonderful thing to do.
Joel, who would pay for it since 51% of population pays no taxes?
It would not be trump. He pays nothing.
#WorstPresidentEver
Do you know where Jordan is?  Who are its neighbors?  Can you tell us without cheating?  LOL.
Allan, bet you couldn't find Jordan or  very few other countries.  Do you know where Mexico is?
DONALD TRUMP THREATENS TO MURDER THE ELDERLY WITH ACA REPEAL.
Source: NO MEDICARE EXPANSION
                RX COVERAGE
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Kate, bet you are poorly educated?
Workin' toward my Masters. If you consider that Poorly educated you win a block. sorry bout your following. Bye
Less Tweeting and golfing. More work.
Did he show you his ROKON !
@Slurpiddy
Anyone think he bowed to this guy? Anyone? Me neither. MAGA 
They had the opportunity to see what a joke you are in person! MAGA by resigning,befire impeachment.
You have no idea what honor is. SAD!
You can just say, "meeting," & I'm pretty sure he knows what a Muslim-hating hump you are.
Boy you just love to Brown nose that royalty don't ya. Pitiful
The world's Strong-Man leaders finally have respect for the President of the United States! Era of WEAK-Obama is OVER! #MAGA
The left is still mad that their horse lost the race. Deep down they know that President Trump is doing a GREAT JOB! #MAGA
You were mad  your asshole won the race with Russian. Help #PUTINSPUPPET
I’m recording you.
i know trump didn't write this because there's no way he knows what bilateral means, what the jordanian flag looks like, or how to use emoji
It has a video attached. Imagine him finding the right file and using the video attachment UI
You are a great leader of US,we believe the world will be better!
Barack Obama did:

Fast & Furious
IRS Targeting
NSA Spying
Benghazi
Extortion 17
DACA
Iran Deal
Bergdahl
Ran Guns Through Libya
All BS conservative talking points
GFY,you will be impeached soon! Worst president ever 
Nice to see you didn't hide this one, you traitor and criminal.
Peace and Prosperity for all working together for Good 
You show that energy and persistence conquer all things! Keep doing what you are doing Mr. @POTUS we the people love you!
Over 225 dead in Mexico and nothing from you! Sad! Mexico offered to help with Texas Hurricane and all you can say is build a wall! Racist!
any success
Garbage outtakes from this crappy reality TV show of a presidency. NO WONDER YOU NEVER WON AN EMMY. Sad. #MAGA
You made us proud, Sir...thank you!
Yes he did!
Jordan is a key ally in the Middle East. Try not to piss them off like you have half the world.
Pam, you are showing your lack of credible education.
What a joke. Doesn't even know what bilateral means.
Did you grab his pussy??
It's amazing how the king of Jordan can see how effective you've been in Puerto Rico, yet partisan parties can't. It's just partisan hate.
thank god now we can live in pees
Bilateral?  Does that mean you sat next to each other?
I remember when we had a President who allowed everyone to 'Dream', 'Hope' & 'Love'.  Now we have you who wants to do away with all this.
Everything you do is the best, and great according to you and you alone Corrupt Donald!  #MAGAmyass
John, you don't exhibit a credible  education.
Thank you David.  Your defense of Trump is a clear indication of your intellect.  #MAGAmyass
Jordan is an incredibly important ally. Please remember that
I'm sure you'll alienate another key Ally in someway. This man was one of them laughing at you during your speech yesterday
Is your life that pathetic that your twitter name is 'impeach Donald trump' I think you need a look at yourself first

Did you talk abot immigrants with his. He has done the GREATEST job of helping people in need. You? The WORST.
hmmmm. Do u know what Bilateral means ?
Nice routine bullshits
American politics is a terror to our WORLD.
Have you dealt with them?  Sure No !
#Daddy, can you even spell bilateral yourself? #Trump #Russia #Resist #Resign
This shows your simple minded thoughts.
DONALD TRUMP THREATENS TO MURDER  BABIES WITH ACA REPEAL

SOURCE: NO PLANNED PARENTHOOD
                  NO COVERED MATERNITY CARE
#VoteNo
To be fair, neither Graham nor Cassidy can actually become pregnant. Surprised maternity care isn't there - they only care about the unborn.
Well if birth control is not covered or offered low cost, there is gonna be a whole lotta increase in pregnancies. Just what we need. 
I don't know why they can't figure out that free/inexpensive birth control = fewer unwanted pregnancies = fewer abortions. Seems easy.
Americans are not gonna stop having sex, so it is the most logical approach.
Is Jordan part of your proposed Muslim ban??
You think he could find Jordan on a map?
Due to you're lack of credible education, bet you certainly couldn't find Jordan or very few other places.
Nice use of the word 'bilateral'

Mark, you are not well educated are you?
عرب يالملك عرب انت عربي ليه كذا حنى مانعرف الانجليزي نبي نعرف وش تقول
Then why you didn't Met with Pakistan PM ??
Yah, yah...
Those Zionist so called Muslims. Head chopping monarchy. Has caused a lot of bloodshed
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidyBill Raises Premiums Doesnt cover Preexisting over #30 Mil ppl will lose Insurance Will Kill #Inhumane
Using caps for the great, just makes you look dim, karma will get you.
He's had years of practice.
You do realise when you emphasise great it sounds like you are selling breakfast cereal? You are orange and stripy.
Some people are lucky to have a president...some are lucky to have a king but I am soooo blessed to have a King and A President who I love!
You are such a let down.No peace with #Russia .Sucking up to #SaudiArabia #Israel .Bullying #Syria #Venezuela an badgering #Iran #NorthKorea
Liar.
A wanna be Dictator and an Islamic Terrorist. And it's a great honor??? Suck up 
Ha! You have no idea what "bilateral" means, do you, Donnie?! 
please world president @realDonaldTrump help me #Rohingya
Hear your wife speech about examples for our children? Definitely not you! Compassion for our children? Definitely not you! Etc whole speech
#dotard
Oh spare me! You don't even know what bilateral means!!! To clarify for your warped brain it's NOT a fmf 3way 
Ooh...bilateral. Breaking out ur fancy international affairs lingo for #UNGA week, huh. Anyone impressed? Anyone? Bueller? Mueller? Mueller?
What did you discuss? Your timetable for your resignation m?
Nigerian government just tagged indigenous people of Biafra as terrorist organization over 70. million people terrorist
I love u with the Of God, Great President of the United States of America
If you trade Israeli land for peace treaty, then you bring judgement on America.  God don't play! Whoever gets a peace treaty is Anti Christ
Finally we have a president that can be respected by  other countries . A real representative of Who We Are.
Does he know you hate Muslims?
Great job on all the accurate spelling. Keep it up!
Ooh he is using big words like bilateral 
Samantha, when will you grow up?
لول، هلا والله سيدنا، قاعد مع خنزير ما بسوي بريزة بالبقعة... آه والله
Mr. President we want u to distroy iran its the head of the terror
#kingenvy #wannabedictator #trumpsucksnuts
Did you introduce your daughter and let everyone grab her pussy?
You could learn a thing or 10,000 from him, a GREAT leader who will literally fight fires with firefighters to save homes. Shut up & listen
I read the shots taken at Our President and I do not deny your right to comment. Seriously though, they lack basic substance or truth #MAGA
Now that statement is true!
Resign.
Wonder what you talk about at these meetings seeing how limited your vocabulary is & how little knowledge you have about important issues.

shouldn't u b workin on the wall? Who gives a fuck bout the king of fuckin Jordan... didn't elect u for this shit

If you have a meeting with representatives of one country, then that IS a bilateral meeting.  You never studied.

Beautiful interaction between two strong leaders and gentlemen.
I'm sure he thinks you're an idiot just like the rest of us!...#TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist
I'm sure it was bigly!
Delusional!!!
bail to no doing again .Protest need be in Peace and disaster need to be respect the suffer of people and loss of damage that disaster leave
Why did you ALL CAPS "great?" Why don't you know any other adjectives? Why did you block a cancer survivor?
Your body language says something else!
Wrong flag, then again Jordan was created by Britain, like all the other gulf states
Helped to train his Jordanian SOF in the 90's when he was their Commander. Switched on guy who was a damn fine leader, then and now.
I have always had admiration for this king and his father!

Trump rally cost Phoenix taxpayers $450,000: report http://hill.cm/GFjDB3c  
Was it also a great honour for the king. Methinks not

Aka #FannyFart I'm surprised you spoke to a muslim. Be grateful that he spoke to an obnoxious prat like you...
President Paul Biya military killing  unarmed civilians from southern Cameroons.  Happening now.
Who checked that his suit matched this time? 
Is this your level of thinking?  Sounds simple minded.
I bet you didn't bow to him like Obama did. Keeping America Great!
And here i thought you were #heterolateral only
Don't be thinking you're a rock star just yet.
Who are you?
@realDonaldTrump  we love you and we trust you

Remember this?
Kings talk with boldness n confidence indeed u are a king
I'm confused what is a bilateral meeting? Two people in a meeting is a meeting of two? bilateral? wtf man?
His citizens caused 911 arrest him.

ohhhhh 'bilateral' means 'wildly incompetent'... i now know another english word
Y does what u say even appear in my twitter feed? I didn't vote 4 u. Ur a random person I guess who will appear from time 2 time. Oh well 
Highly unlikely anything you're involved in would be termed GREAT. Scam artist.
That cities no be so flood under water went happen a hurricane or rain for days we need coming with
Maybe an honor for you, but not for King Abdullah. . .
I'm sure all the juicy details will be leaked to the media
Are we sure the feeling was mutual.... i am not so sure
You know not a single one of these people took you seriously,  right?
So, when are you going to meet with the President of Nambia?
This is one of the most literate posts I've seen, who wrote it?
You know they mock you
Guys, this is not "grandpa's gaga and can no longer be trusted to run the store". For the love of God, change the codes.
#MoronInChief
If only Donnie was a King. #goldentoilets
What a great friend you are to all who need you Sir Trump. Cameroon needs a you to liberate us from the hands of tyranny.
Meeting him changes nothing about you: You're still the world's biggest cunt.


Jacob do you work? Are you paid by the hour or by word count. I don't think u are a real person. No one could kiss Trump's ass so frequently
Your the kind of person who sees the word bilateral and thinks it means that thing Melania wont do for you but will do for Hank.

Did you talk about how great you are
Best president ever, obama was a traitor to the usa and God

As opposed to you shouting in the mirror, DonnieTwoScoops?

#dotard
Lol  @ DonnieTwoScoops 
Did your peeps set you up for speed-dating world leaders today?
#SociopathTrump
You should watch the New Vietnam documentary, we can learn lessons from dat time period and our Govt.
He trump, are you going to address the fact that hurricane Maria proves global warming?
Hurricanes were strong long before cars became widespread.
https://twitter.com/search?f=tweets&vertical=news&q=hurricane%20maria&src=typd …
They have been lying about AGW.
two wicked people,
I doubt everyone feels the same #Honor watching you act like a 13yo tweeting  while real leaders talk.
It was a great embarrassment watching you yesterday and unfortunately expected no less. The world leaders must be in fear
Shelley, you demonstrate a lack of credible education.
Crook
Translation....I'm the greeter in chief, this is all they let me do
Wow! Mr. President, don't ever let the "fake news" get you down. You have the attention of the world & you are a true global representative!
President Trump I have great idea on how to fix Global Warming. Less pregnancy, less consumers ,less pollution equals healthier world
Simple minded.
Simple minded but True . It doesn't take a genius to figure it out .

Trump hires campaign workers instead of farm experts at USDA http://politi.co/2hiiMVF  via @politico
I bet they don't think so.  They live in the real world, not in Trump land.  How long b4 U insult them ?
whynot meet you with prime minister of Pakistan.
yうm-t。
Aw, you learned how to use flag emojis!  Congrats!

