...and people like Ms. Heyer. Such a disgusting lie. He just can't forget his election trouncing.The people of South Car...
You still don't get it. You don't need "the facts" to denounce NAZISM or White Supremacy.
Denounced them multiple times but keep watching CNN
Gee, I only heard him say it once and that was like a petulant child who is made to apologize for hitting a sibling.
All this is accurate you can fact check me. Until he said he was a republican he wasn't racist so...
Probably because democrats were just skimming it to bankruptcy
Said the useful idiot
а мы все о нём
How about fixing public assistance to get people back on their feet instead of laying on the couch or working crap jobs n barely make it
How can you continue to attack a dead woman... you racist coward?
Do you support our POTUS?
(Retweet after voting!)
He is not my president, so cannot take the poll.
Then leave this wonderful country and it's amazing President!
LOfuckingL!
Seethey always retreat with filth

Also
You're going to jail
https://ihavethetruth.com/2017/07/28/liberals-photo-1924-democrat-convention/ …
History scares liberals


#TrumpMeansFart
This should be picture of Obama
That wouldn't work with the text.I know trump fans like to blame Obama for everything but for having trumps mouth and name is a stretch
No just blame obo for Ten Trillion more dept with nothing to show for it. Oh wait.. maybe some went toward crisis actors in charlottesvill.
Erase history then u have nothing to learn from. Good luck with that
Do you have any decency AT ALL!
Don't you know, it's illegal to offend people.... pansies.
Saw you say it on TV several times and yea, SC will remember how you sided with the bad guys and maligned the good guys.
How dare he use your own word against you?!?  For shame Senator Graham


You cannot forget your election "wins"... So boring.
Go Trump 2020!
Just like the people of America will remember you defending neo-nazis.  One term!
You are so right
Mr. President, please just stop.
while not all your lies are disgusting, there are soooo friggin' many, who the hell can keep up?
Gee, can't imagine why you can't get anything passed even with a party majority.
Your a former klan member aren't you?
トランプ大統領は、アメリカ合衆国の政治の最高幹部、もしトランプ大統領が政治の最高幹部ではなかったら。昨日の友は今日の友
Is he a GoT fan??
You are right President Trump!
You sicken me.
How embarrassing it must be to be going down in flames on the world stage, especially in your golden years. #suckylegacy
It shows how Liberal Democrats and progressive candidates will publicly lie to the faces of uniformed voters who do not research
You don't get to talk about Heyer, Mango Mussolini.  You lost that when you took 48 hours to read a prepared statement about 'both sides'
Here you are talking about winning elections in the same tweet as #HeatherHayer (Your dad is disgusting @IvankaTrump)
Go gettum, Mr. President! You are the one to save America and you will be greatly blessed ! Thank you forever!!!
Motherf---!!! We HEARD you say it!
I sure hope president pants does not pardon you or your cronies after your impeachment. The jail time!
And people like Ms. Heyer?....dude u need to just shaaaaadduP!!!
Stay strong Mr. President your supporters love you and support you we know the truth and that's all that matters
The public is not as stupid as you require them to be to read this lie about remembering "good people" comment. #MAGA
Invoking her name for your political games is beyond disgraceful.  There are no words strong enough for how despicable & hollow you are.
So says the disgusting liar in chief.
If you had dared go to her funeral, the 'Boos' would have been deafening. Her service deserved much better than your presence.
Quienes han sido derrotados democráticamente deben aceptarlo y colaborar con el ganador, para que su comunidad siga progresando.

There's more to life than winning elections, like being a decent person. You should try it sometime, for variety.
Let this sink in ....
POTUS I think you were just played by the media having you get rid of Bannon they played you like a fiddle you starting to react to poles
It doesn't seem like you're being yourself seems like you're reacting to whatever the media is seems like they're playing you
Oh please
Don't you ever mention her name again you Fascist!
Attacking the victims again Mr White supremacist in chief? You have no decency.
WTF - let her RIP & STOP WITH THE ELECTION SHIT - you lost the popular vote & your poll #'s are in the toilet 
What does this mean
Anger on both sides. Stick to your guns Mr President to make the media say it out loud. IT'S JUST NOT THE RIGHT WHO ARE RACIST
You're the liar and yes South Carolina will remember. President Pence is in and you're out. Bannon will hire you and your friend David Duke.
Everyone will remember how you f'd this up.  Everyone.
Jerk
And who made lying a "quality" for making it to the white house?
hxudbdhhdh
Just when I think you've made the most retarded comment humanly possible. . .you've a gift for.
You are one sick man
Disgusting. You lied about talking to Ms. Heyer- she knows your type & raised her daughter well!!!
Well you did.... you did compare her and those protesting with her to the same as Nazi's and white supremacist. We all heard you!
Newsflash!  Everyone in the country heard you do it.  Check the video to remind yourself what you said.

You did say that...go look at the tape ..
Ms, Heyer lost a daughter standing up against this nation domestic enemies: you lost support defending them: most would learn but not you.


I know you just can't resist making it all about you despite the murder and unjuries suffered by terrorists in Charlottesville
You KNOW that you're a corrupt liar, and so does the public. Have you seen the news lately? The real news? You're a dead man walking.
Massachusetts AG GAY she's quite no word from her manly behind she got a PENIS and you acting like yours FAKE?

Talk about equalizing things that have literally nothing to do with each other 
I hope the people of South Carolina remember your pathological lying, moral bankruptcy, and overwhelmingly selfish narcissism.
Do you see what you did there?  You missed an opportunity to denounce neo nazism unequivocally in order to childishly taunt an opponent
Love you
Uhhh, yes that's exactly what u said! Must be the Alzheimer's.
ارحم نفسك يا عم الحج . تويتر للناس الفاضية . انت وراك كوكب  بتفعص فيه

In Dec, this KKK leader organized a celebration of Trump's election. Today, he's celebrating Heather Heyer's murder. http://www.charlotteobserver.com/news/local/article167303682.html …
How dare you use someone's tragic death to score political points. Shame on you!
But you did say something like that...it's on tape!
Thank you for not lumping us all together ... there were "fine people" protesting the removal of the statue ...

OMG. Is anyone telling you how horrifyingly juvenile you sound?
They will remember they elected you, #worstpresidentever
You'll be remembered too. For trying to destroy our beautiful, democratic nation
I stand with you, President Trump.
Always remember this is the idiot we are talking about. Just simply, A DIRT BAG
How fucking disgraceful. Using her name in a tweet & immediately following it by an election boast? Just absolutely beyond the pale.
The little city of Charlottesville,where we moved close to after 9/11, has made a bronze statue the beginning of the end of humanity.
May our suffering today fertilize the greatness that exists in each of us.  May compassion and kindness spring forth from every corner.
You're a disgusting lie installed in the WH by the Russians.
Good job mr president!!
FAKE PRESIDENT
How DARE they quote you accurately?!!  The NERVE of people ... on many sides!
Yes, we will when we send you back to your Tower. You are an embarrassment.
nope you said the protesters were just as much to blame as the Nazis & Ms Heyer was a protester. You are a disgrace! #TrumpAlternativeFacts
SC will stand with Graham.  The world heard your comments. You are either mentally ill, or seriously morally flawed
Oh  now every pass  now  her name? ?
No there weren't any clubs brought by conterpoetestors- u. Don't bring clubs to semi automatic rifles fight, weapons Nazis had
David Duke and his ilk hear you! The rest of us try drowning you out! #dementia #egomaniac #selfabsorbed #racist #liar #owntinyworld #sad
I'm betting out Dear Leader has given tons of cash to nazis.  Show us your tax returns.
We need someone to run against him
We all saw you say it... with the vitriol of a neo-nazi. Such hate and vile anger.
You are the most disgusting liar of all time!
Resign....resign...resign....resign....resign...Resign....resign...resign...resign....resign...Resign....resign...resign....resign....resign
You murdered her, as if you drove the car yourself.
Maybe you could get Ivanka or Barron to explain to you what Lindsey actually said.
Well Mr President, you must be doing a great job.  from the comments I have seen . I am one of the  people who voted for you.   Thanks
Getting ready to resign?
The only one who can't recall the election is you.    Act like a president
You are the drawing moral equivalency between Nazis and those protesting them. You are mentally ill.
But....That's exactly what you did say.
U r responsible for Ms. Heyer's death & will go down in history for ur kkk/nazi support & ur treasonous behaviour.  #25thAmendmentNow
Recall Graham! Can't believe Soros almost got Rubio in on the GOP ticket!
Ms. Heyer, whose mother wisely chooses to ignore you. God bless her.
34%
Yes we will remember thay#lindsey spoke up for morality and dignity!
Uh, the problem is that you said it.  And now, as I sit in Barcelona, they scoff at your juvenile response to terror.
The American people are in upheaval and you're back to childish name calling.  Such a disgrace.
You are despicable, make America great again, resign now.
You are the one who perseverates your election loss to HRC.  We are sick of hearing about it. #dope.
He's not on Twitter every five minutes whining.  You are.  Lol
Yes..we will!! Lindsey will be voted out in 2020!!
You define lies. You are unhinged unprincipled narcissistic and yes #1 LIAR.
How comes you aren't attacking me. I don't like you, but you never say anything. I fell left out that you aren't tweeting about me. 
Yeah theyll remember who stood up for what this country stands for. About damn time!
The nerve of you to disrespect Ms. Heyer. Your days are numbered!!!!
IDIOT!
Except for the fact that that's exactly what you did.
Trump you suck. #resignalready. #ImpeachTrumpNow
It is truly sad that the mother of the woman who was run over has more class about the situation than POTUS.
You are a small, petty man!
Yeah they will remeber that trump is a racist
#RacistDemocrats. #DumpDumbocrats
Yes we will!

You DO know you come across as a racist asshole here, right?
you mean comes across another way, ever?
I think we all know who the liar is and it ain't @LindseyGrahamSC
We literally watched you say this.  The entire country watched you say this live on national television.

We got you President Trump!!  I find myself yelling at the "news".  They think we cannot understand you so they put their negative spin!
Your a sad little man using her seat to cyber bully and divert from your nonsensical statements
They are lying about Ms. Heyer?  Her parents won't accept your phone calls, they don't want anything to do with you because you are racist.
YOU ARE ATTACKING HEATHER???????

OMG.
Attacking this mother is the same as attacking a holocaust survivor. If you can't denounce the Alt Right, you ARE the alt right. #ObviousNow
You are a lying piece of ----. No permit for protest, then explain this
The leftist media has a big voice, but we the people see through their shameful propaganda and support YOU, OUR PRESIDENT!
Drink the Kool aid just don't bathe in it.
And the people of #THERESISTANCE will trounce YOU.
No-what you said is in the public record. You created this mess.
I can't wait until you're fired and we can get some real work done in this country.
In defense to @LindseyGrahamSC, he is used to running in elections where you need more votes than your opponent to win.
25th Amendment.  Soon.
@GOP @TheDemocrats @Im_TheAntiTrump #TheResistance @WhiteHouse
What kind of a leader are you sir?
The end is approaching, this president is close to resigning...
Get over it SNOWFLAKE, DONALD J TRUMP IS PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES 
The people of South Carolina will remember how you accepted endorsements of KKK and hired White Supremist like Bannon
It's helpful RESIST protest and stay out the STREET really you people disturbing America and my SOUL

