The Japanese were occupied by the media, the Chinese Communist Party and the Koreans several years ago,
Unfortunately that's true, so we need to know the right information except from fake news by myself.#トモダチ作戦
A Japanese parliament member uploaded a picture taken by you and Prime Minister Abe on Twitter and sent out to the whole world that "Both of them are unqualified faces"

This person is Hiroyuki Konishi of the Democratic Progressive Party. Up to report.
品格のない顔。よく似た二人。
ちなみに後ろでカメラを避けて身をかがめているのは外務省の通訳。 https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/830195857530183684 …
Heading to Joint Base Andrews on #MarineOne with Prime Minister Shinzō earlier today. ...
But Japan won
Told the truth on the Internet and triumph!
It is the same as you
Dear Mr. President,
 I’ am a Japanese
I'm writing this message to you is because I like you and the United States.
@seanspicer the look on his face when Donnie wouldn't let go. 
should have been briefed.  Japanese don't habitually shake hands.
Amateurs
when you're "like, a smart person" you don't need briefings.
Oh, sorry I forgot @realDonaldTrump is THE BEST ethnologist
as well as intellignce anaylyst
golfer
Tic Tac eater
we are in such good hands with this competent team
Nice shit-eating grin.
Next time, don't indulge so much.
#impeach45
May God bless you in Japan and the United States with our dear friends.
See you !Mr. President,　Haba Nice Day
People with dissatisfaction with this message.
Bring it on!
C'mon.fuckingCommies.
 I’ am a KAMAIKAZE
did you see look on his face after that awkward handshake? @POTUS
why?
oh so now you care about people when they aren't Muslim got it 
Remember the #EmolumentsClause.
white house south - and you had the nerve to talk about Obamas golf.
who has the bigger hands sir
Great MAN
You big boys comparing hand sizes on Air Force one?
"POTUS bows to China????????  BIG LOSER! PEKING DUCK!"
Every time you tweet
Great pic Mr. President!  We love ya! 
I'm sure it was great conversation with lots of nodding.
.@realDonaldTrump Throw in a fake smile or two and you're golden, right? Golden.
.@realDonaldTrump Did you eat Ramen noodles to show him how much you love Japanese people?
PM Abe? You can't even get the simple shit right
We heard. See allies can be nice and work with the U.S. just like Obama said.
APPEAL FOR IMMEDIATE SUPREME CT DECISION. COMPLAINT FOR LENGTHY / DRAWN OUT / DUE PROCESS SUPREME CT DECISION & PUNISHMENTS
gay
cyber bully
Why aren't you going to Camp David with the PM and his wife instead of Florida? Stop wasting money.
Compared to Obama's vacation to Africa one time, this is pennies on the dollar. Don't be ignorant.
impeach replace imprison
he's giving away military secerts
you look like a very happy prom date.
free abe!
Smile & nod ...Smile & nod

Smile and nod!!! #DonaldTrump was NOT wearing translation device during #Japan PM's speech
#ShinzoAbe
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/feb/10/shinzo-abe-donald-trump-earpiece-translation?CMP=Share_AndroidApp_Tweet …
tell him how parents are being ripped from the arms of their children like the Holocaust and children hospitalized.
by all means, please keep calling @CNN fake news. Their journalistic integrity has never been higher.
try to get some sun this weekend while the country burns
great picture every time I see you on TV I say thank God we got Trump and not Hillary
WHAT ARE YOU A FUCKING TEENAGER?! WHY NOT SELL WAIST TRAINERS ANS DETOX TEA?!? STOP POSTING, PLEASE!!!
If you don't want to see Mr. President's tweets then block him. Hugs & prayers. Xo
I love your tweets I get to see all the butt hurts respond and saying moronic desperate things! 
if you don't like it here, there are planes leaving every day. How about getting on one. MAGA!!!
If the moon disappears tonight, refugees did NOT shoot it down... Abe can explain if get confused.
When are you releasing your returns? Audit excuse is a LIE. Sad!
your smile looks like hillary's fake smile
THAT SMILE!

omg lol! Shinzo  trying to jump out of that chair like it's on fire
that they are going to loose their free money and food card and free phone. That now they will have to work to survive like
PRESIDENT BANNON
Have you ever been to Taiwan? Beautiful scenery and wonderfully friendly people who have loved their FREEDOM as we have.
When are you going to fire your Russian stooge so-called "National Security Advisor"? #MakeRussiaGreatAgain
Sickening. DO SOMETHING.
Friday. POTUS's top national security advisor may be a Russian agent. The VP may have lied. Investigation confirms parts of Russia dossier.
You liberals ARE SO GULLIBLE!!!
Japan was helped by the United States in the event of the earthquake,
This time we will support you!
We never forgot about your help!
You are an absolute embarrassment to the world. Be ashamed for once.
仲良しそうだ
Donald whining about President Obama is hilarious given that Trump for years led the racist birther crusade.
 @realDonaldTrump
nope… It was your girl Hillary that started the birther crusade
Liar.
maybe spend one weekend at work?
God no take the weekend off and all the weeks following it. You've done enough damage already.
Add that to the dishonor of not having FLOTUS escort his wife around DC. Japanese pay attention to these things.
yeah wtf was that??? I mean how disgraceful & disrespectful can you be? You're the First Lady suck it up
I'm convinced that she's an escapee from WestWorld.
in all seriousness tho are leaders going to want to come to WH if they're spouses going to be disrespected?
We are quickly becoming the laughingstock of the world.
'becoming?' We're already there!!
Rất  oai
ale masz śmieszną twarz
Get a haircut and get a real job
omg so evil looking for @potus, feel so sorry for PM Abe. So proud of urself & not real touch w/#reality #resign
great pic Sir President!
You are enjoying this too much, lol. 70 yr old kid. We love ya bro, MAGA!
Keep up the good work. I am praying for you and your  family.
Why you gotta look so evil creepy? Oh yeah.... It's just in your nature.
the great man.. rule like no tomorrow
Mr President most Canadians like your style Could you please
 kick Trudeau in the ass for us and tell Him to buy the F35
we love you!!!
#FAKESMILE
one of you looks happy.
Two gentlemen with dignity
IncompetenceIsTheNewBlack

 It goes with anything in the conservatives wardrobe
TheirStandardsAreDownright 3rdWorld
that was some handshake!
fine  picture
what a fake smiile you have..& that is not the PM's name addressed that way.   shame! Do we say So-Called President Donnie?
you need to sack your makeup Artist and get one who knows how to apply fake tan!!!!
He thought Trump was a idiot..Golden Showers
his name is Shinzō Abe, Prime Minister of Japan or aka Prime Minister Abe
Great! Keep up the excellent work DJT
shut tf up you tiny penis mother fucker
how is your ban on imergrants going DT?
我觉得川普比安倍更帅！
poor guy
What the heck are you sitting on that makes you smile like that? No. Nope. Never mind. I don't wanna know. @realDonaldTrump
- alright !!! :)
Dear Mr. President 
We are TOMODACHI!  From Japan

#トモダチ作戦
looks like you took a dip in the ol orange Gatorade pool. As you were employee.
Beautiful Picture!
libs making big deal out of losing migrant workers.what about these min security prisons.let them pick strawberries.
Allah yatsine ma Donald Trump
who ducking cares!
Love to see our President Smile but also like the strong side he has for getting things done. Which saw on his show.
すごーい！君はとっても面白いフレンズなんだね！君、なんにもできないの？大丈夫、フレンズによって得意なことはちがうから！(Wonderful! You're fascinating friends, right！)
my God, could you look more like a leering wierdo?? #embarrassing
I call this face a SINISTER one
nice :)
we love you Mr. President!! You are a man of your word!!  Great job!
Thank you, Mr. President. I support you from Japan. Please do your best.

#トモダチ作戦
You look like the lecherous villain in a slapstick comedy.
creep. do you even own a mirror?
. Trump soooooo fake. Next week he'll bann the Asians. So much for knowing democracy.....huh
看到你老人家人大面大的却带只秋田犬我就不由自主的生气，你就不能成熟点，玩点大人家该做的？
Actually, it's Prime Minister Abe. Ouch!
how about the Joint Base in Ft Worth sir
Build THE WALL WITH ADVERTISEMENT BILLBOARD SPACE
Geting things done liberals !
The Japanese were also deceived by the media...
There were Koreans and the Chinese Communist Party behind
Japanese media are so crazy.
What is that creepy grin you are wearing?
@35gtrtakenoko 
凄過ぎるツーショット
run  minister run!!!
I saw you grab his ass!
These US alleged intelligence officials don't seem to understand the meaning of intelligence.
Dear President Donald, we really love your #BIGLY diplomatic skills. You, President Donald, really are GREATEST! #ShinzoAbe
You got his name backwards, dummy.
huh?
My face looks like that of a rotted papaya, bloated and diseased. #shortfingeredvulgarian
super foto!!
When #Trump smiles with foreign diplomats, he always looks like he is really constipated and trying to blast out a chunky. Good luck!
Repeal & replace the DOL rule with a standardized rule.
I think I see the puppet strings coming out the back of both their shirts 
I like everything you are doing keep up the good work
I bet he hates his life. Having to spend time with a complete bozo like you.
what are the Amercian people going to do...WITH A MAN  that cares less about United States
Travel safe. We NEED you!!
USA! It's attracted from child's time! I like very much! Let's walk in the bright future together!　from Japanese
nice tie and suit, now lets work on the hair....thanks for the work
President!! When you! smile you look sparkly
Naming conventions vary.  You shouldn't be called "President Donald."  Like a book that might help clarify it? #Japan #USA
that feeling when the Japanese prime minister is about to realize you're incontinent
#thepeoplespresident
Looks like all going well thus far...
First name basis 
North Korea has to be stop
great hand sumo wrestling you learned from Mr Fugi
if wants to listen the establishment and the Globalist,he will spend 4 years only for his cabinet.
un vrai sourire de DIABLE !
Keep up the great work President Trump!
u look so good when u simile mister President
remember Japan bombed Pearl Harbor and like Islam should not be trusted. Though 70yrs we must not forget.
You look like a giddy little school girl with her first crush. Gross!
Thank You, USA, Thank You, Mr. President

ありがとうございます！トランプ大統領！
DUDE YOU LOOK LIKE A CHILD THAT IS OVERLY EXCITED TO BE DOING BIG BOY THINGS. U R IN WAY OVER UR HEAD! RESIGN ALREADY!!!! @realDonaldTrump
calm down..... Only 8 more years and he's out. ;)
VERY FUNNY
what a fake smile ,TRADER PUTIN'S PUPPET
that face when you got a girlfriend for 1st time 
Is Donald Trump secretly Asian??
Good brain.
poor Japan PM. He looks slightly scared shitless.
ew
ugh.. do you have any idea how repulsive you are? The  whole world thinks you're a joke.
the poor man.
Thank You Mr President For All You've Done So Far , So GLAD To Get Rid Of That Muslim And That OBAMANOMICX B S
You both look great!
Super awkward photo. You really were the kid no one liked, but hung with because you were rich, huh? Still true. Sad.
Geez man! You're like an immature boy dressed up in an old man costume.
Wow, that's one of your creepiest looks yet.
yu r joking Donald Trump making wanna Islam we're unite rain and a ton I see Gus's
IT LOOKS LIKE YOU HAVE TO FART REALLY BADLY
