He's a fascist, so not unusual.
This is disgusting
Of course he is-the sheriff is a racist, as well
Sheriff Joe is a good man. Plus, Obama and Clinton used pardons like they were going out of style. Why not a justifiable pardon...
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews
34 percent approval number compared with past presidents #morningjoe 
This president takes "speaking of himself in the third person" to a *whole* new level.

Because birds of a feather flock together. Why would he lock up someone for violating civil rights when he doesn't believe in them
Keep the support for racists strong. Whites Only  #MAGA
Of course you would! He is a racist and so r u trump! His message is of hate and racism and that happens to be the same message as trump!
So as long as I live my life the way Trump likes I should I should expect a pardon if I decided to commit a crime?Or gotta B friends w/Trump

Pardon that #Patriot Please President Trump 
If you pardon him you better resign. You should resign anyways
Of course one POS looking out for another POS
Do you think the world is THAT stupid???
He's a piece of crap. He needs to be jailed in a sweltering tent and fed stale bologna sandwiches
Ah there it is...yesterday meant nothing, you words mean nothin and you are a shell of a racist man.
Because of Sheriff Arpaio,I voted for Trump!  He stood for my beliefs!  God bless him!  He has done so much and this is his reward?  Really?
WE LOVE AMERICAN HEROES!
The dumbest and weakest POTUS ever
Yes, I agree that the community organizer, Obama, was the dumbest and weakest POTUS ever.  Trump 2020.
Good! #MAGA 
Why would you retweet yourself being soft on crime?
This is potentially the least self-aware retweet I have ever seen.

totally appropriate. Obama Justice Dept looked the other way at felonies by partisans and turns the govt. on those who disagreed with them.
Oh Tim. Leave the thinking to us. You keep taking pics. Can't have your head hurting over logical thought. But good try.
So we take this as confirmation that you will be doing this? What happened to condemning racism?
I hope you do not just because he supported you either because he was as good as it gets
You can't get anything done at the Whitehouse, so why not Pardon.  Only thing a POTUS can do without congress?
AMEN
Why are you tweeting an exclusive that you may be considering doing something. Are you or not? You can just tell us. #TweetLessSmileMore
#Resist #ImpeachTrump
So irresponsible of you. Your hate wants this to be true but you know it's false. Blinded by hate.
I really hope he does. Sheriff Joe is the Best. I feel he should not have even gone to trial. He was only following the law.
No, he was breaking the law when he defied a court order.  We are a nation of laws and no one is above it, especially a renegade sheriff.
Actually the judge that issued the order violated the law and tried to legislate from the bench.  That is lawlessness.
Then he should have brought that up with the court and not just decide he doesn't have follow a court order.  We have a system for a reason
If you were not so swift to judge, you would understand the case is still in process and the Judge will eventually be Judged in that process
Trump needs to redefine court districts adding one for every Bum appointed political judge. 

Designate their workplace to a porta-potty.
Helpful.  Thank you for you in put.
He's a criminal who disobeyed a court order. He got off with an easy sentence

Why not? He loves the USA. He was trying to keep his community safe. Obama didn't like it!
Why would you be broadcasting this? You do know the repercussions of this pardon don't You?
Our president is now just PR for a shitty Fox News show.
Says the cnn sheep bahhhhh #MAGA
OK? So the law of the land doesn't apply when King Donald says it doesn't apply?
Something tells me Trump will be pardoning a lot of horrible people by the time he's done.
The Long, Lawless Ride of Sheriff Joe Arpaio
If Obama could grant Chelsea Manning a pardon for leaking classified documents there should be NO complaints granting Sheriff Joe one!
hey dummy, Manning wasnt pardoned, sentence was commuted, maybe you should leard the difference.
i made a typo by incorrectly spelling learn as leard. Just adding this in here before someone gets upset. Twitter doesnt have an edit button
You leard something new?
i guess you missed the follow up where i corrected it and explained it was a typo. sorry for your lack of reading abilities.
So let's talk about Joe Arpaio for a second. A lot of support out there for him due to him being a "no nonsense tough guy." AKA a bully.
Fed judge Neil Wake ruled in '08 and '10 that the MC jails violated the constitutional rights of inmates in medical & other related issues
In '95, he reinstituted chain gangs. We all know what chain gangs are.
If anyone should be pardoned, it should be this man. He was doing the right thing. There are dirty judges and left needs to shut it.
Slap in the face of Arizonians. Makes racism okay-makes criminal activity okay. We are still paying for his bad behavior. DON'T DO!!!!!!!!!!
@OcotilloGlenNA I think u should use yr real name to express political opinions, so that u don't appear to represent entire neighborhood.
Trump: takes days to condemn white supremecy, seriously considers pardoning guilty racists.

For every "good" thing he's done, I have 3 sources for something horrible he's done. And at least one old Trump tweet condemning new Trump.
nope. He's the same old Trump from before. If you've read these multiple news sources...

Fake news. I doubt you took the time to read the article I've sent you.
I sent you sources of his true motivates yet you failed to hear the truth

For every "good" thing he's done, I have 3 sources for something horrible he's done. And at least one old Trump tweet condemning new Trump.

What a "good" move Mr. President! Pardon Joe Arpaio!!!
Please please I beg you.... go away.
RT @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS EXCLUSIVE: President Trump 'seriously considering' a pardon for ex-Sheriff Joe Arpaio https:...
Again Trump standing up for racism! Believe me you're the worst enemy of the American people! Lies, bullying changing laws so you make money
Go ahead and it will confirm his racist beliefs
Do it, and you'll turn more people against you
Figures. One corrupt person to another.
Of course a racist is going to look out for another racist,  that's how it's been working why would he think to do anything different
Woof.
PARDON HIM!!!!!!!
A pardon would be a travesty of justice
Of course a KKK Nazi sympathizer would exonerate one of his own...
Cheering for police to be above the law, are you serious? So you must love the red coats, they were above the law too. #loveredcoats
Joe rocks!  He upheld the federal law when the chicken shit local politicians wouldn't.... #MAGA
Absolutely I agree
If it was ok for Obama to pardon terrorist then President Trump can Pardon this hero....
Yes pardon Joe
Nothing but Love for Sherrie Joe!
The only justice for Joe Arpaio is to hold him in the AZ desert in a tent.  A AZ Voter.
Two assholes on a stage, brought to you by TrumpPropagandaNetwork. No, thanks.
Thank you Mr. President.
What is there to consider? Just pardon him! Sheriff Joe is a hero. To hell with what the Fake News Media will think.
make America racist Again
That would be a moral crime but hey that's nothing new to you!
pardon him he is one one the good guys
