@SHSanders45 I honestly don't feel safer.
Antichrist
#BrowderDay
MY HERO TAKING AMERICA BACK!! GOTTA LOVE IT #MAGA #TRUMPTRAIN
Look dummy you need to understand First this is not Russia and second you are not a president you are just a puppet !!!!!
Where are the minority officers?????
We will defend our country, protect our communities and put the safety of the AMERICAN PEOPLE FIRST! Replay:… https://t....
GOD AND GOODNESS FIRST DONALD TRUMP. MY NAME IS SCOTT NALICK AND I AM FORMING THE GOOD PARTY. A NEW POLITICAL PARTY. DOING THE RIGHT THING!
When we return to ancient history you find that all wars with Israel Vakif say that the land is not to Israel and you recognize them
Dear Lord thank you for Donald Trump.God bless him & the USA.Thank you Lord we have a leader that openly prays for out country and seeks you
You just have to love this!

I will not be hushed. The Democraps are hatets
SO PROUD OF @POTUS DECLARING #WAR ON #THUGS. CONFISCATING PROPERTY $$ #DEPORT THESE SCUMS PLAGUING #USA NO WONDER #ANTIFA PISSED!! #MAGA
Well you are trying and the corrupt judges  are striking down everything good for us down
Mrs. Trump it's about time you start being like Moses and quit be a hard noise like pharaoh if you no how to pray it's time
Hope this video makes your day - enjoy  https://twitter.com/american1765/status/895337090044403712 …
start the countdown
SO WHERE IS THE FIRE AND FURY?
Amen Mr. President. Finally
Thank You Sir.God bless You
If we put our safty first why are we not already blowing north korea back into the stoneages before the unthinkable happens.ding dongs crazy
Your promoting police brutality
If you take your mind off for Hillary and president Obama you could focus better on this country you need to stop

That's the way! Great president Trump will Make America Great Again #DonaldTrump #AmericaFirst #UnitedStates
All this would go a lot quicker if the left would get on board!
Truth be told
Sadly, you're the one we have to protect America from.
Fearmongerer
Not feeling safe ...quite the opposite  but I'm praying you will make it happen
Thanks Me. President
http://Sarxclothing.com 
How about putting all our HEALTH INSURANCE fair and equal for ALL! Healthy and safety!  Would be SO wonderful! But only in a perfect world
Thank you President Trump!
Why you always see in the background 99.9% of the time white people only? Do you do that on purpose Mr. Trump?
by sending you out of the country we the 
People ban trump from our America get out and stay out we reject your citizenship
I can't understand why you are still in office. Your approval rating sucks. Haven't you been watching?  You're fired.
I can't in

drain the swamp...fire McTurdster!
Yes that speech was EPIC! Let's PROMOTE more violence. I mean it's not like ppl have lost faith in the police.
Thanks for your service.  Sorry. This is your first time serving the people or serving your people.   Thanks for uniting this country
#1 Mr. Trump needs to learn how to speak.
I found U not alone - :-)
Good Morning Mentors.
In today's era, an email signature is appropriate for everyone. Hand righting HTML code. Details visit link,,contact
I continue to support our remarkable US President Trump
You have the heart of a true founding father of our great country what an honor to watch you operate and fight with the spirit of a warrior!
Karma hopefully ...
Trump 
Wow , you are great.
Proud of you
Good job
But not the LGBTQ community even though they're Americans. #Liar
You are a danger to the U.S.
Thank you Mr. TRUMPI ,KIMI
misguided
Dollars to donuts you eat those words #comrade
All I know is that I keep getting the same promises after promise but nothing ever gets done
Real  leader always  a  protector .
Russia will invade and destroy America.
#BringBackTheGreenBack 
#InterestFreeCurrency 
#ENDTHEFED 
#PotusHasAuthority 
#EndThePatriotAct 
#DeleteTheElite 
#Anonymous
SHAME ON YOU FOR PUTTING THEM IN HARMS WAY!
What about me? I'm scared to death of you.
#policebrutality
Nation of laws--grand juries for HRC and IRS
Then get off the pot and go get North Korea and stop telling other countries to do it for you.  Hurry up just do it...
Trump puts Trump first.
Safety first? Before freedom? Hail Trump!
LPRESIDENT TRUMP 
*disclaimer - "our communities" and "American People" refer only to those who are white.  Don't get it twisted y'all #TRUMPTRUTH
America: you KNOW POTUS is doing a great job when MSM, RT tv, Democrats & traitor Republicans are complaining about his policies! WEPOTUS!
The only thing against which our country needs protection is YOU!!!!
Please stand your ground, Mr. President.
The way it should be! Our country first, then, according to law welcome LEGAL immgrnts.Limit no. Use even/ odd yrs Req ENG, Job, = USA PRIDE
Thank you Mr President
Liar.
Firme presidente dios te bendiga y te de claridad para gobernar este gran país
Here's my #LosAngeles.
Your take on my city is what constitutes #fakenews, sir. L.A. is not "under siege".
Your base (all 33% of them) are a bunch of cowards #MAGA
Bush had more balls with Panama than you with Venezuela...You are just.. bla...bla..bla..
Wish I could be there guys, but I got this BONE thing.. I'll Protect our beeatchs..
Drain the swamp and sewer throw it all away in the trump dumpster!  
War to Mexican Cartel? Bring our boys home from Afghan and Iraq; Ukrainians are Russian family; Belorussia is not Poland, S&N Korea not USA.
Ha ha ha ha who defend us from you !
I am so pleased to know there is Bible study in the W.H.Praise the Lord.Every knee shall bow when the Lord comes!
Amen ! the police & all first responders always get my support.I stop & tell them when i meet them.We know The POTUS does!
My goodness!  His comment was a joke and only a metaphor for saying, get tougher on these guys!
Why would you promote police brutality?
Thank You Mr. President!!!
He should not use "WE"  We know what he did when he had the chance to serve! He will never defend anything..He will...want to be defended:(
oh yeah, the speech where you said to use excessive force.  And lied of course.
Says the one who got rid of over 100,000 Soldiers. Stop it. Get some help.
Highly Skilled Observation Powers vs Absolutely Horrible Job :  Strategy Thinking Stability Horizon gains Field Of Control  etc
Freedom loving American voters want term limits! Betrayed by the deceptive bureaucrats the people turned to Trump! They didn't get the memo
Yes defend our country, that is why we
Cannot let Cali become is own country
They will let our enemies in to attack Us
are they the same people you want beaten??
You have just made the streets more dangerous for law enforcement and civilians. Never has a president declared war on his own people. #WTF
WE WON'T DO SHIT! YOU DODGED WEARING THAT UNIFORM 5X'S
No, you won't.
You do not know how, Trump.
You have no idea what you're doing.
There isn't one low life anti-Trumper  posting BS that is educated enough to be president but have advice and opinions.
recapping is not going to change the words you uttered. The insignificant correlation you pointed out.  it was like a child at play.  SAD!

this idiot just declared war on our streets this man is not smart just look at him
Define "American people". When was the last time you set foot in California?
If you want to protect the people either resign or get a case of terminal lead poison
But what about transgender? You need transgender friends
LIAR! Sorry, but you put you first. You, your money, your family and friends. American people don't even factor into your world! #resignnow
We love our POTUS#maga
Then the 1rst we need to do is great rid of u!
You're such a hypocrite, a coward who hid behind daddys money instead of picking up a rifle to serve your country. What a pompous blow hard.
HOW DARE YOU, promote brutality?  I have grandchildren and the world you are promoting is not what I want for them.  You need a time out!
People who hate Trump have serious mental health issues or are just weak minded libtards that can't think for themselves & watch fake news..
God Bless President Trump and the 62 million great Americans that voted for him.
Gaithersburg MD is being held hostage by MS13 just 23 miles from the White House in MoCo
Seems you FORGOT to tell your children not to lie because "A person who TELLS the truth does NOT have to remember anything!" @DonaldJTrumpJr
Oh, forgot about this "speech" and HUGE numbers of police depts came out "Not our values" You speak, organizations apologize for you
666
Don't see many black officers there?
"Yes, a dictator can be loved. Provided that the masses fear him at the same time. The crowd love strong men. The crowd is like a woman."
In that "dump?"   Trump Reportedly Calls White House 'A Real Dump'.
Well done Bravo
Thank you!  Wish i was younger i would  in list in our Millitary
Wrong. And, all the police came out to say so.

The best thing we could do to protect our country is to get out of the WH ASAP.
How completely inappropriate! What an embarrassment to have such a crass, ignorant "leader!"
We the people are defending Nation from you Mr.Trump. You are accusing Our Nation of "having many killers & that America is not so innocent"
Liar. Sign the sanctions bill then. Coward. Hillary was right- #PutinsPuppet
Not to mention we will "Beat the crap out of them." ~ Donald Trump #45*
God bless you and Keep you Mr President, you are answer to america's prayers.
C'est triste mais l'histoire retiendra qu'il a été le président des blancs conservateurs des État Unis d'Amérique.
And hurt people illeglly! 
Cops everywhere recognize  the stupidity of your comments.  They will  work according to established guidelines that doesn't include abuse.
North Korea is getting very scary
From a 5x draft dodging coward.
Just saw CBS report on V1B2 visas letting foreigners work here forc$10/hr pretending to be supervisors. BMW, Volvo, VW, Tessa building
Police unions r embarrassed by ur words of wanting violence inflicted on suspects yet again u show how #unfit u are. U r an embarrassment
Get lost trump your a liar
by encouraging police brutality.
"Joking"? Inciting police brutality even in jest puts all blood going forward on your hands & soul. And shows what you are.
WE LOVE YOU MR PRESIDENT 
$60 billion dollars spent on a boarder WALL vs $60 billion spent on the American peoples needs makes one wonder Think Trump think about that
He means, put himself first
You must quickly dismantle NKorea ASAP
JUST AWESOME...!
So u didn't listen to him.If u had you would know he made a fool of himself and they had to apologize for his comments.
#TraitorTump inspired #PoliceBrutality caught on tape #CheathamCounty #SheriffMikeBreedlove
Y WOULD U CARE IF THEIR KILLING BLACKS,HISPANICS,ASIANS,AND WOMEN UR A RACIEST & SEXIST AND U REALLY  DIDN'T WIN.
@SHSanders45 please remove yourself then. The liar and chief is our biggest danger. Sara your a terrible liar.
Praise the lord! Thank you lord for our great president! God bless you!
