If it worked what would all those no count thieves do???
how can they do that befor you ask someone to be in your cabinet you fired everybody and didnt replace them you are a fool
I am personally ashamed that you would choose an attorney who lied under oath to be the federal government's top lawyer.
Melania, your liking my post gives me hope. I don't think your husband understands that the people appointed to the Cabinet are unqualified.
at least they didn't endanger our environment's future... 
#Parisclimateaccord
It's ridiculous!
Commander in thief and liar in chief. SAD
You have the majority of the house AND Senate.
"Go nuclear" -- enough of Democrat obstructions
Great Call Mr President.Amen
When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet! They should be ashamed of themselves! No wonde...
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Sadly I am ashamed of you. This isn't a game do the right things get nominees that deserve the job not just the ones
Keep doing the great job!, Mr. President Trump

you and your family Paul Ryan and Mike Pence  ,Mitch McConnell get the hell out of our Whitehouse  now
it doesn't work because YOU don't have a clue HOW it works you are NOT KING
DC doesn't work because you are there
Complete corruption. Drain the swamp. Reduce the size of Government
Oh you mean that crooked attorney Jeff Sessions??? You're pathetic
Dc sucks was. You should hire me to beat the shit out of the fake press. Is do it for a fair price. I got all their identities now
You're the ones that need to be ashamed!  You're 2 of the most disgraceful people ever!
crooked cheat and traitor
YOU should be ashamed of yourself, no one else, JUST YOU!
#illegitimate #kangaroocourt #democracydestroyed
..people do not like their wrong doing pointed out in any way.if we don't have truth and justice what do we really have u go
..you tell em Boss..but be careful..I told boss shame on him for open lie and got fired for trying to hold him accountable
no. This is exactly how things work. So despots can't come in and destroy 200 years of freedom.
@RealNeilGorsuch keep draining the swamp you are doing a great job   make America great
just trust God on the timing. It's all good.
THESE liberals would rather bring down America because they lost. That should tell all Americans something.
@RealNeilGorsuch The Republicans have left the SCOTUS seat remain empty for 1 year. So I really don't see the need to rush.
@RealNeilGorsuch Illegitimate nomination because, nominated by an illegitimate President.
@POTUS They are to busy trying to find ways to stop you. 
I have a question, it's about Social Security.
@fredstern2930 when you give us your taxes and your bank records proving you didn't do anything illegal /w Russians period
Right on Mr President.  Keep pushing I believe in you. God is also behind you.
@MartyAllsbrooks QUESTION IS STILL RELEVENT & UNRESOLVED,SIR; BUT DON'T EVER QUESTION YOUR RELEVANCE TO FELLOW AMERICANS!
yeah whether you shot in your pants or use the big boy toilet.
@POTUS DEMS treating REPUBLICANS like REPUBLICANS treated DEMS during Obama years
@youlivethrice Drain it! It's been corrupt too long follow the money  they've been stealing from the public!
don't get discouraged Chief like you said there is no problem in Washington that can't be solved, consulting a Psychotherapist might be your
only hope to finding what the hell going inside their heads, that's driving them to just do nothing but stand in the way of progress and
have pride making American Citizens of Prosperity and Hope back into their lives, to give them a reason to get up and be somebody, and have
some sort of sense of accomplishment in their lives, to feel like an Important part of Civil society, to boldly go where no one has gone B4!
other than that ,your guess is just about has good as mine, empty words fallen on deaf ears to those who won't listen is just down right sad
grab that bullhorn  right out of Lizzy Warren hands & scream into it that what they're doing is absolutely wrong & disgraceful your all
acting like a bunch of kid who don't know any better and slam that bullhorn into the ground just get the hell out of here if you not here to
Obama has got it down to a science he can look you in the eye and lie straight to your face expressionless without a smidgette of shame
we hear you, they have no shame, it's a shame alright, shameless they are, ain't it just awful, I pity the Shameful fool who has no shame
well, after they get thrown out of office seems to be our best known target date to get that ball a rolling,  Perhaps they need a little
bit of motivation to move thing a little faster like a good kick in the Ass might help bring about some enthusiasm around the old barnyard
here's an Idea, how about inviting them for a few beers right before confirmation hearings to soften them up a bit, might be worth a try
they Don't call Budweiser The King of Beer for Nothing, take my word for it, Chief being second to none requires persistence in perfection
a: / =":123456870000+
Maybe if you stopped picking swamp people.....
Tell the rep.to Man Up and nominate your cabin, enough with the dem.,rep. being Brown Nose to dem. Eliminate Patriac Act.
@tzelones oh blow it Donald. The Dems did try and give us an attorney general and the Repugs wouldnt even acknowledge
Better, when are you repealing Obama care!
you should be ashamed that you think you're presidential material, #yourealoser
maybe when you put up decent people to be vetted we do not trust you sir
empty talk and lies
check out switchboard  operators for your leaks
Fire Bannon and You make a presidential choice or are you impotent?
you're being treated the,same way Obama was.  Get over it!!!
why should Any American be ashamed of what they believe in? You are unqualified to be POTUS by saying such things
they forgot. Too busy crying over spilt milk
when you show your taxes
says the man who didn't even know which staff were staying/leaving in the transition...
maybe but were ok with the republicans shutting down government/blocking any talks on the supreme court though right?
FIND ONE YOURSELF...THEY WILL NOT LIFT A FINGER TO HELP YOU B\C THEY HATE YOU--SMALL MINDED PEOPLE.
get off twitter and do your job.
republicans broke D.C. They don't want it to work. Self fulfilling prophecy.
your admin is a train wreck. You nominated unqualified ppl, perfectly represents you.
no, you should be ashamed of your self
Like how Republicans obstructed nomination of new SCOTUS appointee for a year?
no, you should be ashamed of your self. Obama walked intoo a bigger mess.get real
@wharton #jerk #moron #potus #realDonaldTrump Wharton school of acting, Donald. Straight A’s!
Martin guitars are made in Mexico
you are your own worst enemy and need a speech teacher.  I love you but when you speak not so much.
please don't keep reminding us of how many elec votes you received, we know you won.
Mr President, please hire Mike Flynn to come in and do the independent investigation  of the US intelligence agency's.
Dope, it is now beyond being grossly funny, you and your cohorts could well mean the end of civilization.
. .
The Swamp is Pouluted
If you're going to cry foul here, you should reprimand McConnell for SCOTUS pick, for country not party
it's called vetting so we have no more Flynn's in the White House hope you're not part of it or you're gone
clean the swamp
no you should be ashamed of yourself for deceiving the American people!
HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY.YOUR A GRAND OLD FLAG YOUR A  HIGH FLYING FLAG MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
NANCY PELOCY IS SENDING ME EMAILS BEGGING FOR MONEY BECAUSE THE RE PUBS ARE KICKING ASS HA HA
Democrats preach peace but demonstrate hate SMH wake up people
please let us respect its our lovely president let accept that and pray for our America everything will be fine
he made people pay attention. All the scared, narrow minded hypocritical bible thumpers came out like cockroaches
Sally Yates warned you about the traitor YOU brought to the People's House!
Maybe they hesitated to approve them so we wouldn't have issues like national security adviser Flynn.  #trumpcabinet
that's why you have my support, my vote, I'm here for you and this country.
fire Flynn.. If he lied to the v President he can't be trusted
The Democrats never want to work as hard as you. That's why they don't want for you to soon get thing done.
They are trying to protect us from the modern day Hitler...You
Learn to play well with others, and they will play well with you.
Republicans should be ashamed of themselves badly!!!
maybe if you picked people without so many conflicts of interests and extreme vetting needed for financial dislosures.
lots of sick clowns here.don,t let them get to you.please.
drain the swamp
You created a cabinet of millionaires to billionaires & no diversity. Don't say DC doesn't work-look what Reps did to Obama
I'm proud, our nation is proud, and the Democrats are proud.  That YOU don't get this cess pool yet.
It is working very nicely to keep your idiotic choices away from our government,  Good Dems, love our country;real patriots
Mr President , GOP put people whom uncovers their nasty secrets in mental  hospitals and prisons .
MR PRESIDENT. PLEASE . GIVE SNOWDEN A BREAK. HE HELPED BREAK THE TRUTH. A HERO. DEPLORABLES.
Mexican people are America to just like us
Please STOP CORRUPTION RIVERSIDE COUNTY SHERRIFS AND MENIFEE POLICE COVERED CRIMES AGAINST ME
maybe pick some others besides billionaires who have no idea about real life
#Russiagate #EmolumentsClause #Taxes #25thAmendment #Quebec #Yemen  #Flynn #KellyanneConway #DeVos #Mercer
Oh, keep in mind... You won by Electoral votes,  not popular votes. Also, this is a Country,  not a Reality Show.
D. C. will never work until you learn how to work! You're just one more negative piece to the problem.  Shut your mouth.
when will Trump give us a President with an oz of intregity? 
It's not working at all, now. Why are you there?
It didn't work before because the Republicans were troublesome. A pox on both their houses.
Steph Curry said Mr Trump is an asset without the et...European Americans should not pay to see the Warriors
l think she done well
You were the one who blocked a woman because she was a friend of President Obama. Then she died. #Hypocrite.
You and the GOP should be ashamed of blocking the sitting presidents nominee. You broke the gov't. then! You still are! Boo
Please STOP CORRUPTION RIVERSIDE COUNTY SHERRIFS AND MENIFEE POLICE COVERED CRIMES AGAINST ME
So tired of you blaming the Democrats, not their fault you picked horrible cabinet members. Blame yourself.
you just want everything to go your way, like a spoiled child
No.  You, who have No shame should be ashamed of yourself and your supporters.  You will go down as most corrupt bad POTUS!
oh but it was ok what the reps did to Obama? C the irony
clearly it doesn't, you work there.
TIME TO GET TOUGHT MR PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP AND  THINK OUTSIDE THE BOX
What about Merrick Garland....This isn't one sided.
#pixoritdidnthappen
@AxisFB Really? What did the Repulsivecans do for 8 years?
Ever hear of history?
I don't need to "hear" about history, I happen to read.
Maybe if you picked qualified candidates...
was working until you showed up!
dc doesn't work cause your running it and have no idea what your doing and it shows how incompent you are.
I only hope it is in the same efficiency that they confirmed Merritt Garland.
@RealNeilGorsuch Mr Neil Gorsuch look it up, #45 is what you stand for so be it ,if not don't sale ur soul 45 will eat it
@RealNeilGorsuch you tried having town pay for your son's &your responsibility, as you slap court in face with lies u lost
@RealNeilGorsuch you teaching your son to scam court that's sad president of USA scam justice system, clean up waste
@RealNeilGorsuch #45 you make mockery of courts law &people of USA,you tried scam court in S,C waste clean
Please settle down.
Maybe after they give Obama his SPJ appointee?
your nominations are passing through a lot faster than ANYTHING Obama wanted to pass.. Repub. congress blocked everything..
Drain the swamp soon Pres!  We need to go farward not ass backward! 
I'm sure your fascism  will remedy everything.
omg are you kidding me? This is what the republicans have been doing for the past 8 years
@POTUS try nominating qualified individuals for a change.
Also start reading your EO's before signing them, and just maybe you will have the support of the people.
back to the old days of sperate rest room and voter supression
You fired a woman of course, for doing what she is supposed to do. This is the motto of your presidency. Ignorant putz.
yay! And you are the only one who works
tell me again, how long did GOP block appointment of Supreme Court judge - by a sitting, and popular president?
keep up the good work . The left is out of their minds
it will never work with you 
Democrats R bunch of mean filthy evil beings who only care for themselves. Not for USA & certainly don't care for the world
@alligatormarc 

My President Trump . Take care of yourself.We Appreciate You.And want to keep you as our President 8+yrs
Continues to divide country.  Bad Boy
Do you not recall the last year at all!?! Republicans refused to even hear Obama's pick for Supreme Court. It's been 2 wks!
cause they want us devided .. That why the race issue came up ..
Give em Hell, Mr President!
@PJStrikeForce What happened to having the House and Senate and "Nothing will stop us"? You have the power make it happen
D.C. Has been corrupt to long we all know! the results show! Democrats are a disgrace!
#poorbaby
when will the Republican administration do hearings on Obama's SCOTUS pick? Oh right, they obstructed...
We don't want your AG or your Cabinet.
Says the So-Called President from the party that obstructed Pres Obama's judicial nominations for 8 yrs.  Hypocrite!
