What happen the other plant they were supposed to open in Pennsylvania or something like that? As soon as they see what wages they will.....
Have to pay U staff that plant &the cost of all the Health Insurance,they will back out! Unless ur gunna let them staff it EB-5 visa holders
To offset those cost! You know, Just like you do with all your products and companies!
great job president Trump keep up the good work

Make sure they sign a binding agreement on that.
They have a history of big unfulfilled promises.
Don't give them a dime.
郭本来投资中国的，却被贵国抢走了。
Fake news
https://twitter.com/bubipin/status/848796703453007872 …
Ours strategy we take root to top levels surveys&research on around 10k points i.e 4m words and methodology forecast 
SMRC-ANALST
Please fix Medicaid, Obama cut Dental and Optical glasses. Now Im toothless and blind.
"...& don't forget re" ME (August 4, 2017; 6:21 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
....and don't forget that Foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plant/plants in Wiscons...
Did you forget that Boeing is Laying oh and JC Penny's is closing 138 stores?
You are a joke
Believe it ,when I see it!
I live in Wis. & did the math, gonna cost Wis. taxpayer $230 thousand a job to create $50 thousand a yr jobs=not gonna happen idiot lol 
Ur doing a fantastic job and your business expertise has brought jobs back to OUR COUNTRY and we the American people are grateful! Thank you
Don't care
You suck
Thank you! Wisconsin loves it!
Timeframe , please?
reminder tht u continue 2 b a political joke @ this point no amount of sources does anything to inc or not ur  credibility. U hv none
Bc Wisconsin is giving them 200 million in tax credits.Why not give the people of Wisconsin the money directly so they can invest.
Well, that's $100 a week more than Mexico is gonna pay.
 bahahaha! That's was my first am laugh! Nicely played! 

Go play golf. Resign.
You can't add. 7 years libitard
Dumbocrat alert
Before or after the one they promised to build in PA years ago, which they never fid
How many golf trips can you do with that money?
#IMPOTUS
You do realize this is like the 4th time they've said they'd build a facility and after reneged. Meanwhile your fav Co Amazon (WP) hires 50k
They are still reporting that they "have to submit a proposal to the board." He's trying to divert from the Grand Jury news today.
I've got a twitter friend from the area where Foxconn last said they would build a plant. He fell off his TL laughing at this news.
I'm sure! This is all fodder for what's left of his base & WHEW! Did you hear them applauding that fascist bs last night?
Invitation only crowds, but still scary. Have someone threatening to burn down the Capitol if Trump's impeached. Trump patriots.
When will you stop taking credit for deals signed under Obama?
Nice try tweety bird. Mueller is closing in on Jr.
Don't forget your Sex slave business http://ir.net/news/politics/126520/report-trump-allegedly-procured-young-girls-russian-organized-crime/ …

He blurted out as he entered the room, as to answer a question no one cared about.
3 Years, 5 Months, 16 Days, 6 Hours, 38 Minutes, and 25 Seconds
....and don't forget that Mueller will be issuing subpoenas to 10 or more of your family and friends who helped you collude with Putin.
Don't forget that more than 90% of the time a prosecutor can get a Grand Jury to issue an indictment. This is looking worse than Nixon.
I hope you lose your medical license..
Oh, now we're down to "up to 10 billion." What happened to the 30 billion you promised originally???
Foxconn's 2017 endeavors were planned prior to the last election, OBVIOUSLY.
That all has nothing to do with you
Foxconn' operations are heavily automated
Happy Birthday President @BarackObama. Thank you for making our country greater than ever. We appreciate you immensely!
Lmao, nobody likes you.
Propaganda!
How many H1B visas will be handed out?
Don't forget they said that about PA and it never happened. All talk. But that's all you've got isn't it?
Thanks Obama!
Where have I heard this before...
Didn't you just tell us it was 30 million did you lie to us
Already proven a lie just like the rest of your presidency.
What 45,no talk about the grand jury,Muller or the "witch hunt"?
Oh yeah, Foxconn a major Chinese manufacturer. Have you switched from MAGA to making China great again Donny?
But Foxconn isn't American, part of the profits would go abroad or there was no  American investor?
Illegitimate Putin puppet. A weak cry baby to our allies!
Release your taxes
By demolished I think you mean about to be proven in court, that's why a grand jury has been empaneled.
2 grand juries going now, and bipartisan efforts to protect Mueller's work. who is dreaming here?
#TrumpRussiaHoax 
They can't beat us at the voting booths, so they're trying to cheat you out of the future you want
He lost the popular vote ya genius....typical trump voter...full of misinformation
Obama won over 600 counties in 2012. Trump won almost 3000 counties. Hillary only won over 400. That's what we call #MAGA
There are only 3,141counties in the US

Your numbers do not add up
Trump won 30 out of 50 states, and 2,623 counties, to Clinton’s 20 states or 489 counties.
Say it with me now: GERRYMANDERING!
They sliced up the districts like a damn jigsaw puzzle to dilute minority votes and ensure the continuation of Teaparty power
Of which Wisconsin is kicking in $3 billion worth of incentives, nearly a third. Can you read?
U know how twitter has the live counter of Likes & RT's, I wonder if he sits there & watches it like 
Probably because, you know, he's completely insane.
Insane & simple lol.
And criminal.. 
True 
Nothing you say would ever make me respect you. Because you are a liar.
And don't forget that each of those Foxconn jobs will cost each Wisconsin taxpayer over $500/year. What a deal.
dont forget that u'll be spending $10,000 a person to be deported and i dont think u have that type of money, oh wait, u're broke
And cut three billion dollars off their fair share of taxes to the people of Wisconsin? Also allowing a laxing in Environmental laws?
Not Next Week, Not Tomorrow - NOW. There is no such thing a non-lethal weapons. They are being used on Americans by their OWN GOVERNMENT!!
5) U HAVE 2 ASK YOUR SELF WHY?? ESPECIALLY SINCE SHE HAS ILLEGALLY UNMASKED U.S CITIZENS FOR POLITICIAL REASONS! GOD ANOINTED U 4 A REASON!
Sure they are.
WHERE ARE JOBS FOR THE "INNER CITIES" WHERE PEOPLE OF COLOR LIVE?

You don't want them dealing drugs & on welfare?

GIVE THEM ALTERNATIVES!!
Release your tax returns.
a 95 dollar stock maybe 100
No they won't. You lie and your stupid minions believe it. The few of them you have left.
And ppl from Northern Europe will be building them. Why not American construction workers??? Answer that!!!!!!
Great Job let keep it up God is on your side
Can cans!
is great to see the groundswell of activity that is occurring in the United States economically. It's not gonna happen over night but soon
#DontForget #whatifObama
THIS IS A LIE.NOT bringing 13,000 jobs, and we WI ppl are paying them $3 million out of our pockets to bribe, no "plants" not sure evn 1!!
Foxconn is spending 1B...not 10. Way to make up numbers.
"Extinction Level Threat – Mind-control: the Missing Link | Veterans Today"
http://www.veteranstoday.com/2016/09/22/extinction-level-threat-mind-control-the-missing-link/ …
Yea, the company who treats it's workers so badly they had to install suicide nets at their plant--waaaay to go.
Will this plant also be fitted with suicide nets like their factory in China?
But the Trumps will not be spending in USA. @realDonaldTrump talks the talk, but doesn't walk the walk. Why not?
Great job. When are you coming to California? Regulations stifling!
Love Wisconsin!!!
Awesome..
Who is foxconn where did they come from
How much is it going to cost the state though
after costing each Wisconisite around $500 to $600 dollars. With investments like this we don't need enemies
Has nothing to do with you!!!
Foxconn CEO is known to like CHEESE!!!
Right to work state and I bet that dambed plant won't pay shit to the employees!!!!!
Oh so that's where all the jobs in Victoria and South Australia have disappeared too. Shows that the Australian Gov suck
How much in tax credits do they get?
Do you ever shut up?
Yep, the AUTOMATED plants are pretty pricey.
And the people of Wisconsin will end up paying for this venture.  Smart move for the company!
Jobs vs dependence on state.  What a radical idea Mr. president.  Thank you for being you!!!!
...and don't forget the US taxpayers are paying for it to be built! Idiot
#MAGA @realDonaldTrump
I hope so, but you're aware he's made that commitment before, right?

... with unheard of tax breaks!

At the cost of the taxpayers of the state. Not a win for the hard working people of Wisconsin when their taxes go up to pay for the plant
Workers should be wary of this deal. Oh and hey, how about those Carrier jobs? The ones you DIDN'T save.
Only if they actually go thru and build it.
The same promise they made to Obama to build a plant in Penn. Where is it?
and it will cost the state one million dollars for each job created. but as long as you got your kick-back, it's all right.
And I guess this fixes the issue with all the jobs you helped exported to Mexico?
And don't forget that grand jury that Mueller just impaneled.
Yeah, sure...Foxconn has promised before but never delivered...sort of like you...all show and no go!
So about that plant...
I thought you said they will be investing $30 billion? You leaked that, we were so excited. Did you make a mistake? Open mouth insert foot.
Were you just joking?  Ha, ha.
Yes! The culmination of efforts that have been going on since 2013. Were you president then? No? Then stop taking credit for it.
Foxconn promised in 2013 to invest $30M & hire 500 workers for a new high-tech factory in Pennsylvania that was never built. FAKE PROMISES!
Aren't you suppose to be on vacation? 
Will they feature extra wide nets for extra wide Americans?
Dear Left Wing Media Hacks,
Please READ. Good for USA  
@ABC
@NBCNews
@CBSNews 
@CNN
@MSNBC
@maddow
@nytimes
@washingtonpost
@latimes
Dont forget that the Foxconn deal was signed during the Obama years, LIAR!
With 3 billion given in corporate welfare.
If it happens and we are paying hundreds of thousands for each job
Sure they are... It sounds a little like DonCon.  What about your products? Ivankas? Perhap bring them back from China?

#25thAmendmentNow
And when the tpp gets through they will flood america with Chinese scum workers
We won't forget that Obama did this and not you. You have done NOTHING but embarrassed all Americans. While you continue to  Putin!!!  

Don't forget you'll be in jail soon. 
Mueller got your in deep trouble
Thank you, President @BarackObama!

Why don't you plant your lips around your cell mate. Soon enough I hope!!
I hope they build their slave shops in McConnells Kentucky district
#Trump @POTUS @RealDonaldTrump @WVGovernor #Rally 
in Huntington, WV 8-3-17 on http://MagaOneRadio.net    
#MAGA #ENCORE #REPLAY
Over $3 billlion from American tax payers....thanks
Ur bribe to that other pos #CorruptGOP  @SpeakerRyan to #obstruct #Impeach45 u will all be in jail soon enough
Like they did in other state. not
去去去
After Seven Years: When it comes to job growth, Barack Obama’s record isn’t just good, it’s outstanding.
Smoke and mirrors bullshit, you two bit fraud
Hope this works out better than the #Carrier deal.
Not fooling the smart people with this one.
.@realDonaldTrump how much corporate welfare are they getting again?
We love you sir! You are protected by our Lord, Jesus Christ & We The People pray for you & your family EVERY DAY!
Leaving where they pay $3 an hour....someone promised something. No fire system or alarms?
#spin tax revenue dollars into #propaganda #sad
Ask the people of PA about phoney Foxcon promises, actions speak louder than words!
@GOP Just like they did in Pennsylvania. How's that working out for the state of Pa?
Could anybody forget, you keep repeating yourself...  Say something with substance & stop trying to, as Mooch would say, suck your own dick
And receives at 
East 3 bil in tax cuts , oddly the plant is in cong Ryans's district. What are the odds?
awesome fact
Resign
That money will sure buy a lot of robots to do the work.  Wrong to get people thinking that good paying jobs are on the way.  Robots only
That's if it happens. They were supposed to build one in Pennsylvania and it didn't happen. Don't count your chickens before they hatch.
Again beneficial to the companies. WORKER'S WAGES CONTINUE TO LAG# FRAUD.
Let's wait and see that happen.. didnt in Pennsylvania.. how much were they promised in tax breaks???
They promised the same thing to Pennsylvania in 2013 & Indonesia in 2014. Never happened. Just another con-job courtesy of Don the Con.
Who is foxxcon?
Grand Juries also issue indictments, tiny hands. #CheetoTraitor #ComradeGoldenShowers #PrisonBitchatClubFed
Yesterday it was 30 billion?
They lie just like YOU! No plant in the 3 states they've gotten millions in concessions! No PLANTS
Wonder where they gonna get the employees from, cant fill plants as it is with all the opioid addicts in that state. Losing again.
Standard
Foxconn is an untrustworthy company who screwed other areas of the US and never delivered the jobs. You have been suckered you sucker!
No they're not. Those guys have run that scam in several states and no one is employed yet.
Don't count your chicken's before they hatch!
