Keep up the great work Mister Trump
MY PRAYERS ARE WITH THEM. THANK YOU MR. PRESIDENT
Paying lip service doesn’t excuse you from the fact that your the worst president in the history of this country. So go MAGA yourself with some golf and be gone. The nation is fed up with your  middle School mentality.
middle school whoa thats a stretch,, first or second week pre-school tops...
Someone or something keeps undoing my retweets and my likes on the president's Twitter account and the first ladies I don't know who or what to doing it I wish it would stop and why is this being done to me I have to retweet Andre like everything over and over again
but money doesnt serve in the military .,.,.,.(cuz money is all he cares about) explanation for the trumptards
Yes sir; MAGA
Pray for our country & our @POTUS Especially for our armed forces,their families, the fallen, all protect us! We u all dearly! We thank U!
Lying hypocrite! So you're sending more men to war!

i agree with.
God bless there family. May the lord give them peace in this most difficult time.
во имя чего?
3 Years, 4 Months, 28 Days, 21 Hours, 44 Minutes, and 20 Seconds
But what if they were black, jewish, gay or Transgendered? Do you pray for them then or just whites?  Asking for a friend!
Grow up.
That's too bad.
You don't give a crap about us...we KNOW THUS TO BE TRUE.
Land of the Free - Home of the Brave Enslaved
Land of the Free - Home of the Brave Enslaved
More troops in Afghanistan! Opium for everybody!
And as you pray, you're planning a racist Nazi rally.  Good for you boo boo.  #IdiotInChief #youfucker #NotMyPresident
LIAR.
We know you really don't give a shit
It's so weird how you use both your phone & Melanis's to post the same idiotic msgs. Is Mel mad at U? She should be
Russia.
If the last was hacked what will you do?
But when you were told about it, you said " That's too bad!" Oh, Kelly posted this heartfelt sentiment. Thank you for stealing his phone
Go America! Go President Trump! 

The one uplifting thing that you say
This may be the one thing we agree on
You don’t support our #vets. Just ask @commondefense!
Looking over their account, I'd say it's THEM that doesn't support the @POTUS.

Considering he is their Commander In Chief...

My kids had to go skiing in Colorado. As rich kids they're entitled to it. How does public not know that? SAD!
They should pay w/your millions.
Resign
@realDonaldTrump LOVE MY @POTUS  FINALLY ONE WITH THE BALLS TO STAND UP FOR WHAT'S GOOD AND RIGHT!!! BEHIND YOU ALL THE WAY!!! 
Prayers for a peaceful protest tonight at Trump Phoenix Rally. #PhoenixRally #PhoenixProtest
#NeverForget WE DID THIS RESISTANCE! #FBR
That's not even in Phoenix
RIP Warriors....
I pray them as well, but 4 collisions in a year? We better figure this out quickly, this scares the crap out of me, imagine the implications
Wow - nice of you to finally remember to do this.  What happened?  Someone on staff jog your failing memory & suggest a note might be nice?
#MAGA
Well McCain just like killary will never be president lmao so fuck what they think 
Hey are you getting the $10.00 per hour for being black and supporting him? If not, you're been screwed by a tangerine toddler.
Notice the libtards always gotta bring up race.  And they say the GOP are the racists gimme a break #getofftheplantation homegirl
I'm a Republican. With a mixed ethnicity who thinks we deserve a president that I can let my kid believe in.
But let's send more troops to Afghanistan and start shit with Pakistan while we're at it. 

YOU BETTER FUCKING OWN THIS!
That's too bad.
What's too bad?
I'm quoting the great orange buffoon.
Ah I see. 
Right
So why did you say "too bad" when you heard they died?
Don't believe MSM
Especially awkward words now: “He’s not a war hero. I like people who weren’t captured" #FakePOTUS Trump on @senjohnmccain in 2015. #shame
John McCain is brain dead Traitor even though he was pardoned by Nixon he is still "songbird "
Please tell me when Nixon pardoned McCain and for what reason (this aughta be good).
Look it up. 
Get on the net  He was pardoned because of his great Father and Grandfather. 
Here's how this works: when you make a bogus claim, the onus is on YOU to provide evidence.  I've already debunked you.  Twice.
Get a room you two! #HesWithPutin
this tweet is so irrelevant. Don't be stupid. No proof of collusion. Even CNN stopped reporting it.
A grand jury is empanelled and you're STILL in denial? You poor soul..
Show me proof. Oh yea there's none. Sorry. Can't deny something that hasn't happened.
Don Jr.'s meeting with the Russian lawyer to get dirt on HRC. Thank you and good night.
I guess you don't understand that meeting wasn't criminal. That's why it died down & nothing was done.
Yeah that really died down.
you seriously don't get it. Nothing is proven. Jury is in place to continue looking for something that isn't there. No proof!
Thank you President Trump for keeping all of us American families safe! #AmericaFirst #OneNationUnderGOD 1 Timothy [1/2]
2:1-3; [2/2]
#Jesus is our #Savior   #RedeemerLives #OneNationUnderGOD
Pretty sure Jesus would hate Trump and all that he stands for, but I've actually read his teachings as an academic.

They named a boat after the man who repeatedly votes NO for any help to the Troops for decades! His voting record for decades! This seems so skewed.  It's like I love to your face but behind your back I will abuse you. We have to do better for all the Troops!
We pray for our fallen heroes who died while serving our country in the @USNavy aboard the  #USSJohnSMcCain, and th… htt...
Sounds like he wants to send many more to their death in Afghanistan now, too. Gotta fill those military coffins... er... I mean... coffers.
We'll be praying for some more since you pissed off North Korea.
These brave sailors served because they didn't have a family history of obscene wealth, White privilege, impunity, and bone spurs. You suck!
Sorry your comments are wrong this has nothing to do with politics   just normal people working making somewhere in life prays to them
Clive, the reason that they're dead is because they were normal people from the middle class instead of rich assholes who have "bone spurs."
Agree about Bruce  but this was an accident nothing to do about Bruce or Trump  just some proud Guys doing their Jobs like most of us
It is a high risk job that involves danger; President Jimmy Carter knew it from serving nine(!) years in the Navy. What was Trump's service?
Serving in the Arm Forces in any country has my total respect   But I can't agree that you have to do it to understand or respect out Guys
Freedom of speech is beautiful but in the hands of morons it makes me want freedom to punch
Several days late!!
This is a nice thing to do for the family's left with the lost ,,so why send more out there to be killed ?

Have you prayed for help for the blood on your hands for the hate you invite and incite.  One sick puppy
He didn't make this statement. Someone else did it for him. He is to egotistic & hateful to think about having any empathy
...lets pray for their soul...
I don't believe you. I doubt you've ever prayed for anyone else in your life. Other people are just props to you. You are a sociopath.

Some people's kids right? No shame
Amen...
Did the flag go to half mast?
Tidak mungkin ada keadilan kebenaran mereka yy biasa hidup arogan dengan kekuasaan absolut power yg tidak boleh disalahkan apalagi dituntut
.pig!
I am surprised you consider them heroes based on the way you speak about @SenJohnMcCain
Perszon h

Person have different opnions respect together and do strike or really in Peace please
RIP
thank you for standing solid Mr. President., may god support and guide you through it all 
We fucking dance on their graves.
Says a draft dodger... #MAGA dump Trump
Thank you Mr President. We love you!
Who wrote this? Much better than his personal tribute "thats too bad"
What a bunch of losers,the president is great. Give him a chance
yes i love him he has done more than any President in 40 years, HO i forgot some of you don't care do you
Every time you say something about prayer, it sounds so insincere.
wait a minute! draft dodger!
Fair winds and following seas.
Yeah, I must have missed it when you spoke so eloquently about their service & sacrifice Tues during yr ego-fest...
#FakePresident #MuellerIsComing #russiagate #25thAmendmentNow
Is that including the trans service men and women that served the US of A. I think you are infact turning into the joke they all said u wld
Finally some respect.  But probably a bit dulled by "too bad."
Don't care what trump says, everything he say she truly does not mean!!
you cannot respect the Constitution, the Office of the Pres, regardless who was elected, you are not American/honorable if you can't do this

God bless assad
Look to sabotage. Too much of a coincidence!
you just don't know do you' get your head out of the clouds and come down to earth and maybe you can see what is going on
trump we are with but bad rally speech please leave it alone already damn man, u looking childish its over move on
Don't forget our fallen  military heroes that fought the Nazis in worldwar 2!
This is on you. You lead the armed forces, but you are too busy defending the KKK, starting fights with NK, and praising Putin.
Do you pray for #HeatherHeyer or her family when sick neo-Nazi trash supporters of yours MURDERED HER IN BROAD DAYLIGHT?! #Deplorables no??
#TrumpResign #TrumpResign #TrumpResign #TrumpResign #TrumpResign #TrumpResign #TrumpResign #TrumpResign #TrumpResign #TrumpResign
may God keep their Saul in eternity
But not if they were trans.
You are failing the military...how dare you vilify the thousands of transgender soldiers who protect this country...
I will dance and celebrate your impeachment and impending imprisonment. You are despicable! No one cares about your narsasistic ego. Go away
THEN U HAVE NO REASON TO BARKING AGAINST GREATER PAKISTAN,SPEAK AGAINST INDIA TO STOPING RAPE RATIO IN INDIA AND STOPING CRUELTY IN KASHMIR
The sad thing is John McCain has a ship named after him. An embarrassment to this country fo sho! He's a 
This is sabotage.
Bless
This is second Navy ship to collide with transport vessels in a few months. We should also be very concerned as to why this is happening.
Go abroad kill people become an Hero what a bullshit. Wtf these goverment runners tells lies to public.they are goverments paid killers.
YOU are such a JOKE you only Care About yourself. Please. Move to Russia
Hope every last one was saved by the BLOOD of JESUS..
About time u noticed
Yeah, people die at war... pray for them. People die at piece, at home, killed by other Americans... Nothing!!!
Unless any of them were Transgender. Then POtuS is celebrating their deaths!!
BRAVO TRUMP!  You make us proud!
trump is a global disgrace. you set the bar really low of what you think class and dignity should be! sad!
THE UNITED STATES IS NOTHING BUT AN EVIL PUPPET IN THE FAKE HEBREWS HANDS
I pray for your resignation. Resign.
"We pray"....do you pray?  The most ungodly man I have ever seen!!!!
You don't care about our military men...you care more about yourself!
Really? Pray? Do you know what prayer is? Hey man, how do you invole prayer when you are the meanest most anti-christ fuck ever??? Huh???
https://arionstylist.wordpress.com/2017/08/21/conscious-leader/ …
Hypocrite! U honor the #USSJohnSMcCain but don't consider him a hero because he was a tortured POW. U should undergo same, then talk.
@andersonDrLJA @USNavy STAY STRONG, MR. PRESIDENT! #MAGA!
That's too bad.
Liar Trump
@realDonaldTrump  PLEASE also pray for the soldiers who have not been found off of Oahu. Blackhawk helicopter crash.
Yes we do!  God bless there family's.
Impeach the dems
To respect American heroes but showing no respect for Pakistan's loss of 70K lives in fighting terrorism makes Trump a hypocrite.
Thank You Mr. President!
USA. . . . . get the F&%K out of other people's countries. STOP murdering innocent brown people!
How are your feet?
TO BAD YOU DID NOT MENTION THEM ONE TIME IN AZ. WHAT A JOKE OF A PRESIDENT YOU ARE. IMPEACHMENT IS NOT FAR OFF YOU TERRIBLE EXCUSE OF PRES.
Prayer is useless. Accept reality. You are not living in fairyland. Meet some scientists. Get some knowledge.
Your trans memo promotes hatred within our military. When discrimination & bigotry become part of policy, America is no longer America.
Amen God Bless them and God Bless America so blessed to have a leader like you thank you sir for all your family and u are suffering u
Why wasn't that missile shot down over North Japan I wonder how her allies are feeling about this

Little late again
Amen 
You pray? Lmao.  Is that after being urinated on by Russian prostitutes?  Lmao.  Did Melania watch will you received your golden shower?
Amen!
About time you mentioned them. Only when there's a crowd to impress, right? Otherwise it's business (tweeting) as usual. #FakePresident
Zn
. 55c

N
The loss of life while serving is on your hands.
,ofcourse, but much more hero will die due to your rubbish decision, you will through great America in fire.
Yeah.  That's too bad.
No, you don't.
We not only pray for our fallen heroes but also stop any further fallen by not sending them aboard. Let them serve our country inside border
Very sad.

Question...

Who's piloting our ships lately...
Fake fake fake , sad sad sad . Never in history have there been a President n family more dislike. Let ur wife free so she can smile again
Most of America pray's for Mueller to Nail the Liar and Chief Donald Douche!Head! Sad!
Oh,  you noticed....
U R a fraud! Ur budget get disability payments for 335K disabled VETS. U asked VETS to slash benefits to pay for CHOICE health care.
Fact:  Trump is a cunt draft dodger.
I bet you don't pray
