So don't vote for this guy!!!!!! DonTheCon already has enough good ole boys on his team of criminals.
Then he ALSO a looser!
You need all the help you can get for sure!
If you are endorsing  that's reason enough to vote against him.
kiss of death.
Say what you will about Trump, he is not stupid. He is a smart man with a deep understanding of what stupid people want.
He don't even understand economy. His ONE thing.... He dumb, yo
YES! We need that guy's help on HEALTHCARE CUTS! So much healthcare to be CUT for so many people! Everyone to the VOTING BOOTHS!
Who needs healthcare anyway? Totally overrated! If you are a totally SELFMADE billionaire like us, then you can EASILY pay for the doctor!
But then we never need to see the doctor anyway because we have the BEST HEALTH! Just look at our TORSO and our TAN and our HAIR! Beautiful!
Strange place for your anger to go. You seem like you're very attracted to our President's physical attributes
Hope Kansas votes him out. #resist
Vote against him.  1 less republican means one less guy on Trumps side!
Vote @JamesThompsonKS

You folks calling yourself Republicans have messed up democracy thinking it's all about you and your money. No more GOP Apptmt for a while.
Conservative constitution loving patriots are in process of taking our country back from you liberal socialists & career politicians.Winning
The slum lord just like your mentor is assuming we all bankrupt ourselves from paying taxes. Deplorable
Really?!  You're that dense that you don't know Obama & the Democrats are the tax hungry people. Trump is reducing your taxes. Thank him
Don't let him lie to you he doesn't even know Estes he just wants him because he's Republican! Don't let them take away you're healthcare !!
Mr. President I hope the state of Kansas comes through!
If you think he's wonderful, then he's a freaking crook.
You appear to be no judge of character. I genuinely feel great sorrow for all the lives you adversely affect both in the US and the world 
Ron's help means no health care and the elimination of Social Security. #liars
Please President Trump don't take away Medical Deductions!! At least not until the Health Insurance gets under control.
Estes won handily last night, so much for the "resistance"! 
Tax cuts for whom?!? #goaway
For everyone
Ron Estes is running TODAY for Congress in the Great State of Kansas. A wonderful guy, I need his help on Healthcare &am...
We need our premium back down should be no excuse for us pain for freeloaders and legal Healthcare
Great man for a great state!
Tax cuts for the richest. Just admit it.
Tax cuts for working Americans. Socialists want my money to spend on more socialism. It is mi e not yours.
#climatechange #resist
How do you know he's a wonderful guy?    You know nothing about him except he is a republican
who cares.  Ur son on law is leading us to www3. Everything else is irreverent. Fire Kushner for starters. U betrayed us.
Oh God! I meant LOCK tRump up!
POTUS. LOSER
I hope president kushner can take us 2 ww3 soon.  Banon was a hero and patriot betrayed like the voters.
What's so wonderful about him? Amazing how you know so many "wonderful" people!
donald you just need help.
He is another republican that only care about making money and screwing the regular guy just like you
Cool!
Donald you're the best thing that ever happened to Democrats change your party now so you can get something done
"Healthcare and Tax cuts (reform)" read "carving ACA benefits from the bill and raising taxes on middle and lower classes"
Great. Will be sure to vote against him Liar-In-Chief.
Come help our Conzentrationz. New channel trying to grow. Free giveaways and great friendly content. Subscribe so you don't miss out.
(bullshit)
VOTE for the DEM, we can not let anymore mindless GOP aholes attacking our environment!
Nope! Vote for the other person.
Never heard of him, but since you’re calling him ‘a wonderful guy’ I now know he’s evil incarnate. Thanks Donald.
Yeah, Donald 'liking' someone isn't exactly a great thing.

@DanHowdle @realDonaldTrump
Oh really
What are the chances of Estes (GOP) losing his election in Kansas? Lets delve into some of the things he would have to do not to be elected:
5. Estes would have to make cow tipping illegal.
4. Would have to clearly state that he does not believe in people who have wings.
3. He would have to take a stance against incest.
It is OK, Mr. President. We all know your entire tax-reform "plan" says "1) Rich ppl pay no taxes!! 2) Everyone else pays more taxes!!!"
Yes he loves rich ppl and hates poor ppl your such an original democrat
Can you push WWIII back to next week? I still have affairs to get into order. Thanks!
Army veteran and civil rights lawyer James Thompson is running for Mike Pompeo's vacated Kansas congressional seat AGAINST Estes.
•@AynRandPaulRyan @realDonaldTrump
@Lonestarmomcom @AynRandPaulRyan @realDonaldTrump this has to be legit. Trump would for sure spell a lot as one word.
 true dat!
Fuck you.
Which one? Bannon? Or Putin??
Trump is a crook, con artist, only cares about winning, sure don't care about you (his supporters) wake up

How original! 
They don't realize, WE are the resistance  that's why we voted for Trump to begin with and not Hillary
The only ones left supporting Trump are paid trolls and white supremacists. Which one are you?
re: Snowflakes question to DJT supporters;
Cupcake, ask yourself this question: "How many times are you beat up by your pimp?
We stand by our POTUS. He continues to undo the damage from decrprit libs, Dems, Soros, and "Barry". DJT will stand by all those who believe
Thanks to your #robocall, he'll hopefully get creamed.
Yep he got creamed
If you're for him I'm against him.
not sure Sir the "home-state" of bambam the magnificent could end up with another dem-blowhard (redundant)

I would think it shld be against the law for you to be calling people on phone telling them to vote for Estes.
Deranged One, you need mental help, immediately!
Nope
Not up in here.
I hope he loses by as many votes as you did!!
Tax reform needs to happen! The crap Obama has put on us has killed many!
Hello doofus bot. Care to explain?
You need a hell of a lot more help than that! SAD you have nothing better to do. HUGE mistake having you in the WH! #LOSER #PATHETIC
Is this legal ?
Thanks for the reminder to help out his opponent!
We need him defeated. You suck.
Full stop after "guys". Have someone literate check these before you press "TWEET".
If you're endorsing him, he must be as big a  as you.
. Mr TRUMP i knew what cspd was doing in Colorado springs frm Jacksonville Florida
I look forward to a good president someday that will have morals, ethics, and intelligence to lead. (No religious-nuts pls)
Tax cuts for the Top 1%.  You haven't drained "The Swamp" or done anything else you promised to do.
Where is your Tax Returns ?
Your weak incompetence lost TWENTY ONE POINTS in #KS04 in less than 3 months. Sad! 
Are you going to gas your own people?
You need his help IF he holds a degree in psychology. You're crazier than a shithouse rat, and incredibly stupid to boot.
Are you an Aussie Shauna?
Unfortunately, no. American. I don't think I need to explain why that's now unfortunate.
7% ---> 2018...
Why do CNN call it "not on message" or "not on the same page" - its INCOMPETENCE TRUMP INCOMPETENCE
HE WON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Liar!
Need more help than Estes can give.
You definitely need help, but not with that...crazy person.
Pathological Liar!!!!!!
You need help

Go, Jim Thompson!
You need this man to help you hurt everyday Americans. That's what you are saying, no more and no less.
My friend ,you payment more time on sent twitter are you no work?
Go Sir Donald.  We pray for you all,manner of favor and wisdom in All things. My president.
Wins by 7 percent & lying pundits NY Times CNN NBC CBS MSNBC stated Estes would lose!   The newsboys never learn. Still think Clinton won
show us your tax returns.
bloodpressure, cholesterol,BMI.The amount to pay depends on the status of health using an 'deterioration scale'.The poorer, the more you pay
You need much more than that...
Healthcare cuts.  F you, buddy.
45 hires the best people: Page, Manafort, and Flynn ALL now registered as Russian agents. PROOF of the 45's dirty ties to Russia.
Good luck with THAT
Sure hope he succeeds. Seems GOP hasn't been on the ball with 3 seats up for grab. They are so worthless in every way. It actually shocking
mr president.pls how can you help fight corruption in Africa. We don't want the same leaders that ruled us b4.pls help
Sadly Jackson this president is unlikely to help Africa as it doesn't contain anything he wants
is true,but we must not give up
The world is on a time bomb, stay close to international news. With tensions building up within USA, RUSSIA,
AND NORTH KOREA, any thing can happen. Wonder if this is a world or a war. How wicked is the heart of humans,
I really don't understand what we want to gain from destroying this beautiful world God gave us.
Shame on the world leaders!
Duh
You need some help all right.
Nobody cares about your chocolate cake... be president and stop acting like a child.
You are hurting the exact people who voted for you. Lying  will not fix it.

Speaking of tax reform, now would be a really good time to release your tax returns and prove you are an honest businessman #PatriotsPayTax
GREAT, we need his help on Healthcare not so much Paul Ryan 🖓 Looking forward 2 new Tax reform. Been 2 long under bad rules for middle class
Keep Ron Estes out of Kansas.
#SaveACA Still trying to end health insurance for 24 million Americans?  Might be why KS04 was such a close election!
tax cuts for whom? Is it tax cuts or reform? Can he save healthcare for an otherwise helpless administration? Not next Wed?

Medicare HMO's robbing the elderly of benefits they need. Don't know until they need certain care.
your Tweet was quoted by @NPR
Yep. You need another toady while the American people need a politician that ACTUALLY works for the people. Guess that's too much to ask.
Twitter to ask for help! GOD please help us from this....
. !
I thought you said "I alone can fix this."
You are #dirtydonnie today take a speech class.
@POTUS you got him!!! 
Its really great

U.S.A all the way Mr president!!!! @realDonaldTrump
You just need some help
Hahaha you need wayyy more than Estes to 'help' with healthcare 
consider it done
Are you still president?
As in Bill O'Reilly Fantastic/Terrific/Good Guy? #PredatoryPOTUS #TrumpLies #CorruptPOTUS
No..hell NO!
And maybe some help with preventing school shootings?  That's something that really happened in THIS country just yesterday.
You wouldn't know healthcare if it stated you dead in your face!...
You need more than him. We need another Democrat and Trump  needs to work with both sides. Unite American
Grow a pair of balls would you, and just quit now! #Failing #Sad #Ineffectual #Loser
Do Bernie's heathcare plan and people will like you.
Vote for Democrats.
Awesome!
I pray the POS loses.
You need all the help you can get , 
LIAR
I wish I lived in Kansas,  I'd vote against him
Spicer has got to go Mr. President #unacceptable
And it's cool that you almost fucked him by throwing him support, dummyhead
What does Ron Estes think of the Islamic Jihad training camps and no go zones in his state of Kansas and what is our national gaurd doing ?

@FLOTUS @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @MELANIATRUMP @IvankaTrump FYI manufacturing deadlines for the Easter eggs are near. Please reach out! 
You need ALL THE HELP YOU CAN GET and it still won't be enough.  #FactsMatter #CompassionHelps #PeopleWantHealthcare&YouPromisedIt
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL #LAUGHATDRUMPF #TRAITORINCHIEF #TrumpRussiaCollusion
If you need help then work with the Dems.  All your party does is say "no."  Americans need universal healthcare...it will control cost.
You need a lot more help than that.
Why are you always tweeting?
Wow donald, it looks like America thinks you're just a complete failure at being...  well human.  Also just so you know, I agree w/ them.
Hello
Your "tax reform", your "health care" are like everything else you and your greedy Republicans want. All for rich, poor not
You need help on being a president, a human being & telling the truth. SAD!
When are you going to come clean about your taxes, and while should believe you.
oh  MORE LIES..
.JUST WANT TO TAKE AWAY FROM THE PEOPLE....CLUELESS ON THE MATTER LIKE ALWAYS
Trump you need electroshock therapy for that schizoid personality.
Mr. Trump, Mr. Receb Tayyip Erdogan, you have common enemies.To win the friendship of Mr. Erdogan, Marsta is more valuable than to find life
one goodxreason not to vote for him
Will Trump's coattails carry Kansas for the Dems?
No you need Jesus.  the White House has no clue to what it needs to do.. worse presidency ever
Or nah
