trump is the man
3.5 million Americans are in a profound tragedy & you're attacking black men who kneel. Do your job!
We're the boos louder than when you show up at #trumptower in NYC?
Stop distracting people with this bullshit and send more help to Puerto Rico please. Other islands need help too.

In your dreams
You'll do just about anything to take the focus off your dirty administration sleeping with Russia.  Mueller is coming for you.
As North Korea threatens the world @NFL chooses to threaten Old Glory, our strength and hope. Utter disgust
If the hat fits ... #JerryJones
Not as angry as the people are at you.
North Korea. Healthcare. Global warming. Russia... and you’re still talking about the @NFL ? Look, you fucked up the USFL, move on!
Some did not look happy to be standing.
You are a disgusting ball of slime, with nothing else to do all day but watch TV and tweet. Give us a break, shut up!

Dallas kneeling before anthem and flag displayed did it properly. Showed respect for country and flag.
That is exactly right...they are booing you!!!
Why is the NFL tax exempt?
You should show up af a game if you really want to hear boos.
We wont be silent anymore! Time to #MAGA we stand with you and our veterans.. They have been disrespected long enough!
You didn t hear that when you took the oath.
Great anger at you being a non president. People won't pay for tickets just to leave. Unlike your Mara lago peeps that left you
So basically, this is our president.
Wait til you visit London sunshine

They did it the right way, though!  They keeled together BEFORE the flag was unfurled. They stood for the Nat'l Anthem and the flag!! 
Good for the Cowboys but they did stand for the national anthem from what I heard. They knelt before the national anthem played go Cowboys
Stop being so dividing Mr. Trump. Better to focus on Puerto Rico and damages from the recent hurricanes.
Actually, I’m pretty sure the booing at the  Women’s March the day after your inauguration was far louder!
Now your encouraging negative emotion what else to expect. The #POTUS should try to bring people together not tear them apart.#TakeAKneeNFL
Meet with m Bennett v Davis t dungy work on solutions like you ran on
Before it's to late. The next thing will be he would want you to bend down on your knees to him.

Do something productive today Donny for godsake
Resign.
It was on Tv... did you turn the volume way up?
You weren't even AT the game....!

The booing you will hear outside your impeachment hearing will be 100X that. And you will actually be there to judge.

Wonderful 
Together We're Strong
Get rid of trump Regime

At least he is consistent
Any Boos because it was the cowboys in arizona!
Just like the biggest crowds at your weak ass rallies
Great Anger???

I didn't hear many boos.  Are you sure you were watching the same game?
You are pathetic. The boos were much louder when the Cardinals scored.
America is booing you today for your lack of care about American principles.
Obama was great at uniting. You  are the worst in history.
Fucking moron.

The entire arena erupted in BOOs- this was the moment where the Cowboys made their position on Taking the Knee perfectly clear.
The NFL will have to learn the hard way that Conservatives Vote with their Walllet- we won't be supporting the NFL's Agenda
Good. Trump inadvertently did something good finally...Getting of all the racists to stop watching football. Game will be much better now.
Calling half of the country racist won 2016 and will continues to help us win 2020.
You are in for a big shock.
As big of a shock you were in when Trump beat Hillary?
With the help of Russia.
Did you even brush ur teeth, shower and get breakfast before you started tweeting?  How you have so much time to tweet & be President ??????
Do you before you go out thugging?
No Donald, that's just the Russian voices in your head
The real disrespect towards our troops is vets being homeless. Coming home from defending this country just to have cops kill people.
Trump decided his political livelihood depends on widening America’s racial divide
Support players call for unity not @POTUS racist agenda
you are the only reason I use Twitter. Thank you for the good work
I have an outstanding rule that all should follow,  No politics at the table,  holiday gatherings, Sports  and especially from Hollywood,  we should try to separate them,  now what do you think about stopping all this nonsense and let’s watch some football.
Fake news from the fake potus.
Yes, the same anger we all felt when you became President of the free world.
You are half right.  He IS your President!   Lol
While you engage in your petty squabbles, millions of Puerto Ricans are still without water & power. Do your job, you pathetic loser. #sad
You should come to my house when you are on television. Now that's some serious booing!
There's probably a lot of booing going on there.  Doubt it has anything to do with our CiC.
America has been booing since your inauguration.
We hope PR greets you with boos. Great anger!
Awe poor widdle snowflake.
The loudest you ever heard? Should we take that like your inauguration crowd?
He can't hear you, he's too busy WINNING!
Your sick and need help, they will be coming to take you away, ha ha hehe hoho

#FreedomOfSpeech #HelpPuertoRico
You should listen more closely to the American people. LOTS of booing for you. Loudest I've ever heard!
Boost moral! Let her sing at the WH
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1670338206312222&id=100000081750447 …
Idiots.
You know what I would enjoy? Americans booing you.
Can you even hear anymore?@RealDonad_Trump
@you wear a diaper
Great anger?! What person (let alone a president) uses words like that?!!
Don't like it?  Don't listen
Great anger. The best anger. I only surround myself with the angriest people.
Great anger.  You love the divide you created. It’s gonna nite you soon
#sueNFL is very simple. @NFL sold tickets for entertainment, ticket holders got protest and politics. Meet demands and refund $. #BOYCOTTNFL
Such disrespect,they should be fired from their high paying jobs. Contracts should state if they disrespect flag they get fired!
Great anger over your very essence - all of it cruel!
I canceled my ESPN & NFL package on Direct TV!  Not going to Saints game either!  Love my Flag more!
Amen!
You should have heard the booing after you were elected bro...it was way louder
at you not them Jack ass
make America great again DUMP trump!
there are more important things going on then what the NFL players and owners and coaches are doing. Focus on them Mr Trump
You are right in this subject. Don't let anyone who doesn't love America off the hook. Love it or leave it
Stop it!!!! Quit dividing our country!!!! Focus on the real issues, like Puerto Rico!!!!
Shut up trump you started it all and it's not going away

Great anger is your racist comments #ImpeachTrump
You are a liar who makes up lies in your head and believes it! PLEASE step down.
Want to hear louder booing? Do a rally in your home state...
@PeggiD Jones trying to play on both sides of fence. Is news media making sure to clarify that they 'stood' for anthem?No!
Turned off the game after that, as with many friends.  Saturday is my new football day.  Does the NFL stand for No Flag Loyalty?
Can you retweet me Donald, I need a few followers!
And friends!
Shame on you.
Says the guy in the REAL pussy hat
You're destroying this country
Puerto Rico needs help !!!! Have you noticed?
Nitwit they've need help for 30 yrs.  Where was your POTUS back then?
Not louder than the boos u got at ur inauguration  Great anger
Wonderful...another thug.  PS.  Your diaper is full.
Stick to policy u should worry about passing bills instead of the NFL...
You should do the same.  Worry about your own business...he's the POTUS and you are a POS
Then do something about the police brutality in the U.S. and you will not have to hear or see it. SIMPLE.
Sounds like a job for you super dummy.  Put on your marching shoes.
Says the chick dressed like a ho
You missed the booing on Inauguration Day
F u
Puerto Rico Puerto Rico Puerto Rico Puerto Rico Puerto Rico Puerto Rico Puerto Rico Puerto Rico Puerto Rico Puerto Rico Puerto Rico Puerto
I’m surprised you can’t hear the booing going on in melania’s head after whale sex with a dotard.
Watch NHL hockey.  They have more respect and integrity than most NFL players do.
cause i can
idk
Real smart!.....and I bet you think it's "great" respect to boo during the anthem, huh? Yeah, now THAT'S patriotic. #hypocrite!
Your street corner is calling your name
Stand tall and pray for them.
You're being investigated by the most powerful criminal agency in American for treason against America. You will be imprisoned by America!!!
Great anger??  WTF?! Do you enjoy watching and hearing people be mean to one another ??
you were hearing things and you’re a sore loser
So familiar... hmmmmm. Oh I remember:  I can feel your anger. Good! Good! Use your aggressive feelings, boy. Let the hate flow through you.
Boycott NFL !  http://Www.LarryNicholsNews.com  ..Explains it all !!! TRUTH !!  MUST LISTEN !!!
The real Truth about the NFL/ANTIFA Followers .Www.LARRYNICHOLSNEWS.COM
Didn't watch it. Not going to until they give up their antics.
Can't you just tie your self to a ICBM along with your boy in N Korea and take a flight to Saturn,Jupiter or Yuranus
You divisive man! Stop dividing the country, shame on you!
I know man. They weren't even doing it during the anthem... makes you wonder if it was about the anthem to begin with
Yes good job distracting your racist followers
President Trump would treat all color fair. You looking at the game after that. Them playing the games.
I would appear as though the sith has infiltrated the senate.
No, the loudest booing was when you became president.
Hilary’s a mafia hag  that keeps getting away with murder murder and murders .....51 to date
not as many boos when you won the presidency by electoral college but not the popular vote...
Get ready for when they boo you
Entitled. Truly entitled.
"Me thinks thou doth protest too much."
There was no audible booing. You are a weak man with only 36% approval. That’s failing bigly if you ask me. #delusional #stepdown
Remember this #Dotard  ?
Are you saying the anger itself was a positive, or that it was super loud in there? Just trying not to twist your words, Lil Man. I know you hate others do that to you.  But if you are excited about the anger, then you might need a time out, Don, and be taught some F*ckn manners.
Mr Pres, the players should Strike if they really believe in their cause. Please Strike!!!
They were Booing You #45
No it wasn't, people boo much louder at you
Kinda like when you got (s)elected!
I was saying boo-urns.
Fix your hearing aid Gramps.
Great Anger?!
No it wasn’t. The loudest booing was when you were sworn in. And again every time you open that fart box off a mouth.
It's been 9 months. When is your ETA for starting work?
Dallas Football Team, and other thugs, Michael Vick, Ray Lewis, and O.J. Simpson, are not in control.  God Bless America.
You get hard when anger is shown! It's how you function! It is in UR sick mind how you correlate people liking you and you doing a good job!
We need to boycott the liberal media any of their events including the Emmys the Oscars etc.
Heard a lot of booing in your life, have you? YOU deserve all the booing in the world.
you honestly have no clue what this protest is about, everyone is proud to be an American.  Protest against shooting of unarmed black peopl

As a combat vet, I fought Nazis ofWWII. Today I #takeaknee, once more, in solidarity w/my brothers&sisters still fighting 4 equality&justice 
They were booing you
BOO!!!!!!! DOWN WITH DALLAS 
What's pathetic is that like evrythg else libs get involvd with, it gets ruined. They wuldnt allow them to represent fallen cops,911 etc ...
People don't know about the GMO food fluoride water and Chemtrails that are killing us off! China and Russia wait our land to feed their pe
Never listen to your audience? @realDonaldTrump
I have seeing people burning their  NFL equipment & Jerseys and everybody at my work is not gonna watch the games anymore #MAGA
How much do we pay you to watch tv. Do your job


This is not important, police brutality and helping hurricane victims should be your priority.
Correction, loudest booing ever was recorded at your inauguration.  Many TV's exploded.  It was quite spectacular.
You know the whole point of a boycott is to not watch the game at all. You failed again! congrats!
Great anger is the only emotion you understand. Sociopath.
Tumy doesn't deserve our breathe
Guess you are not too happy w last nights game. No Great Anger Just Love. U hate LOVE
magician thinking
Do your job get ride of the jones law  save lives! Get Puerto Rico help!
Well sir you a failing miserably at making us great again!!
After they all kneeled in unison in support of the NFL, they then stood in unison for the singing of the national anthem. Respect.
Truth will other power evil
President that will have sports bankrupt by 2019.  That's winning.
Who cares!  Take supplies to Puerto Rico.  Fill Air Force One (the people's plane) with water, food and hygiene products.
Great anger at the NFL games? Trump spreads anger and hate all over America. You make America HATE again!
The @dallascowboys are America's team and you are being disrespectful to america's game #WorstPresidentEver
Better than letting Russia steal the WH.
Don't you have work to do?
How about you not interfere in the opposition, or concern yourself with how private companies run their business
your INTERPRETATIONS leave a LOT to b desired! Exaggerations abound, starting w/ INAUGURATION! Whats Next????
Race baiter, shame on you, we all know what you are. #WhiteSupremacist #cyberbullyinchief

Stop the "Patriot Paying" to the NFL.  It's clearly a breech of contract & is not working and a waste of taxpayers $'.
For the safety of the world lets leave trump and Russia alone he might throw another MOB to get attention away from it.
@realDonaldTrump - Many here insulting a president lawfully elected & asking to ignore & disrespect THEIR ow country. Anarchists-hatred-sad
I can not believe our president just encouraged anger
Worst POTUS in US history.  Total embarrassment!
