Thank you President Trump.
CropLifeAmerica spent2.4Mil lobbying4it.DowChem
Wrote1MillionCheck2 SupportInaug Trump
ThoughtSuppose2DrainSwampnotCreateUnsafe
Water/Envir
Alright
'Presidential Executive Order on Identifying and Reducing Tax Regulatory Burdens' Executive Order:… https://t.co/dpE6hDz...
#persiangulf
Together again
#persian gulf
Me President. I am senior, veteran, retired Fed, still paying taxes. Do not wish to support illegals or lazy, worthless citizens
Me President, I fully support you. Stop healthcare for illegals, lazy, worthless citizens who think Govt owes them living. Taxpayers upset
Great man doing great work for America!!!
Let's see your taxes. So sad.
Cool. Just stay out of Syria. Let Putin handle it. Please. I've supported you the whole way. Let us not be encumbered by past mistakes.
you mean on you? Where are your tax records?

Why is @BarackObama constantly issuing executive orders that are major power grabs of authority? This is the latest
 http://1.usa.gov/Lxe4xg 
Do you really believe the things you spout? You're so out of touch with the people you're entrusted to "lead." It's disturbing.
"tax burdens"?  like cuts for billionaires at the expense of the rest of us
So true, a barking dog seldom bites!!!
Well hope this isn't like the dead idea like coal will Make America Great. I guess you think like Obama "Yes We Can"
Hey Mr Trump
Trump por favor student Venezolano lo  estan matando  a jovenes  por Las Manos  de Los dictadores .Hagan algo
Stop with the executive orders.  Try governing.

You whole Tax things is only cuts NO REFORM, and will have an up hill struggle in getting past.
art 1 section 10 is the constitutional law  the brentwood agreement and end to federal reserved must happen to restore the republic

To benefit you and your cronies.
I want to see/meet you sir
ץץשש
WHERES UR TAXES STARTING 2005 COMPLETE W ALL SCHEDULES CHICKENSHIT
666
pilot/flying j truck stops charging 40 to 50 cents per gallon more than other gas stations because of the lawsuit they lost
good plan now if swift transportation will pay the lawsuit off we the owner operators can be happier we got paid
If you don't show your taxes, you shouldn't be writing tax policy! #russianties #notransparency @RoyBlunt @JasonKander @mitchellreports
While u r at it, disclose your tax returns (like u said you would)!
Ruling by decree again King Donnie?
Thanks,continue your good job,congratulations for 3month anniversary of the United States presidential,help others to go
Your misuse, abuse, and flippant disregard for our tax dollars is apparent in your weekend golf outings to Florida. Quit wasting my money.
The interesting thing about @benshapiro is that I don't know if he retweeting something means endorement of its content!
Giving to the wealthy!
So corporate welfare & massive tax breaks for all your pals.... but the middle & lower class pay for it... You truly are walking feces
You're the biggest tax burden, Donald... #showusyourtaxes!
Release your tax returns, Mr.Trump.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump you work so hard POTUS! Day and night. Thank you so much, Honorable POTUS Trump. I hope my taxes are cut in half! 
Safety is not a burden, clean water is not a burden, paying for roads is not a burden, health is not a burden, fair pay is not a burden
Yeah reduce tax then where will you get the money from. Oh you will just keep borrowing more right
Please don't cut the Carl Perkins Act Career and Technical Education need these funds to prepare tomorrow's workforce today
Take donations for the wall, & later make the donations fully deductible.
Did you remember to sign it this time? #dementia
Decrimalize Marajuana
Biggest loser President in modern history. No wall, Muslim ban, health care repeal, NSA director "Mr. Lock Her Up" going to jail, etc.
Music to my ears, as a small business ( Glazing Contractor ) my 3rd try at it, I feel like I finely caught a brake. THANK YOU MR PRESIDENT.
You and Mar a largo are one massive tax burden.
Which doesn't mean shit.
The worst (for the average person)  economically crippling and freedom taking regulations are those of the cities and counties.

.@RepJohnDuncanJr We expect you to support HR1711. We MUST see who has access to the President #Ω 
More useless scribble!
Thank you for being such a Fantastic President! @CNN and other Fake News like @ABC and @NBC won't report - but we know!
We elected you to build the wall.
Of course you're doing that, it's to help you cover your shady crap. Speaking of which, where are your returns? What are you afraid of?
Tax Burdens are for the poor.
YOU MEAN THE ONES THAT IDENTIFY HOW YOU YOU CHEAT THE IRS AND GET AUDITED EVERY YEAR?
So who is paying for your wall?   Also, stop US corps from hiding money overseas & maybe this country would have money for infrastructure.
Corporations  will only pay 15%?
SHOW US YOUR TAXES
Show this to any naysayers
and he goes around signing all these executive orders. It's a basic disaster. You can't do it."  Does any of that sound familiar?
"Right now, Obama goes around signing executive orders. He can't even get along with the Democrats
"The country wasn't based on executive orders," said Trump at a town hall in South Carolina in February 2016.
get your hands out of the cookie jar and show your tax return or face an impeachment under the LAWS themselves
You have absolutely no idea how to govern except by EO!  What an eeejit you are!
http://apple.co/2owrZYk 
#iPhone #PipePuzzle #PipePuzzleFunia #TeamValMani
Alexa Bliss
Jose Calderon
Shea Moisture
Kalisto
Bayley
focus,mr.president . let us do one at a time.
Release your tax returns!
HOW ABOUT YOUR TAXES
Reducing regulatory tax burden, what a joke! Tax regs are in place bc people like fake potus are always looking to do the WRONG thing.
#CowardInChief #NeverTrump #Cowardice #TinyHands #NoMoreWar #Divest #Syria #NorthKorea #YouGetBadRatings
Coward In Chief https://youtu.be/_YVnfLnGJqc  via @YouTube
disabled vets' caregivers losing benefits. Mr President,  the VA IS CORRUPT   please fix it!
They are only burdens to companies that care about greed vs how they might hurt people and the environment.
you are a tax burden on this country, as was your father
Finally! I have been saying for years that it is ridiculous for taxes to be so complicated most people have to pay someone else to do them.
Just lining your pockets. What a liar you are
PLEASE HELP OUR ELDERLY PARENTS, DISABLED, SICK CHILDREN & POVERTY HERE @ HOME!

Why is @BarackObama constantly issuing executive orders that are major power grabs of authority? This is the latest
 http://1.usa.gov/Lxe4xg 
You SCROTUS, are a burden and have always been a disappointment to your mother.
How about you work on a balanced budget.
So we get yet another Exec Order which just demands reviewing things and not actually DOING anything. Good job.
Right! So u and ur supr rich homies can reap more Corporate Welfare 
This @potus again takes credit for ordering IRS to do what they normally do. #WastingTime #TeeTime
good start
Did you pay your tax?
Problem looming- where are your taxes not under audit? I think you will be impeached before you ever have too. Clang, clang!
I choose for my taxes to go toward animal rights! Please help make the USA a humane place for our animal citizens. #chainfreedogs
I need a tax break badly 
I average 60,000 yearly and filing single earns me a tax bill of nearly. .. 18,000
Please pass RELIGIOUS FREEDOM EXECUTIVE ORDER.  DEFUND PLANNED PARENTHOOD. Thank you for the almost 100 days.  You got good statistics.
Exec orders can b rescinded get congress to start actually doing their jobs!
Ex.cuese my language potus 45. Reduce tax burden on your ass and others like u. Reduce your boss's tax Putin too.
Your EO mean and do nothing!!!!
Stop deflecting. Address your collusion with Russia & release your taxes #resist #Russiagate #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump
How about your travel expense burden on taxpayers?Melania & Barron NY expense?Ivanka & Jared?Eric,Don Jr & Tiffany?
and so the rich get richer!
IT IS ALWAYS WONDERFUL WHEN POTUS ORDERS A SEARCH FOR TAX BURDENS - THERE ARE LITERALLY MILLIONS OF THEM - MANY JUST FOR ONE PERSON, OR CORP
Awesome Mr President! Taxes is a big deal and I for one am happy. As the IRS has yet to give me mine from 2015 due to the phishing scam.
You think you're dictator don't you?  Just remember you lost the popular vote and have a 35% approval rating.  #sad.
Distraction. Russia. Treason. I wonder how long your prison sentence will be.
Piss ant
Thank you. I would also like you to investigate if IRS is targetting Christians for reviews and that penalties are equitable for all !
Send that Portrait of the Queen liar to the nearest jail,Please! Then get rid of Comey & her puppets so we can send HER with it! JUSTICE!
While you're at it, simplify the code and GREATLY REDUCE IRS Employees.  They are bullies and that entire organization could be eliminated.
U R doing a Good Job! Obviously they just ask Democrates! But please take down that witch's portrait& put your family there! Obama's snub!
This is fantastic news, I hope translates into real fair tax reform. 1 UK tax advisor recommends renouncing US citizenship for tax reasons
UK? Don't they have socialized medicine?
Show us your Taxes!
Keep them rich folks rich. You know if all the elite (rich) where gone most of us wouldn't notice
These E.O.'s are meaningless- pass legislation like a REAL PRESIDENT #FAKEPRESIDENT

Keep theTrump Train rolling in spite of the MSM, which looks like FOX is becoming a part of, & the Democrat Party!
Pay your taxes 1st Mr. President or shouldn't have to pay ours!
A good man will not ask another man to do something he's not willing to do himself!
President Trump - doing what's best for businesses & individual taxpayers - LESS regulations, and LOWER taxes. Liberal media downplays this.
.@realDonaldTrump American people want to see your tax return. How much are you saving yourself and your buddies, dead or alive.
Executive Orders? You do realize there are hundreds of elected officials smarter than you ready to help. Going Solo = Bad Leadership
What a perfect con! Won't show his taxes so no one would know how much this reforms directly benefit him! #DonTheCon
Presidential Executive Orders are nothing more than press releases.
Thanks Mr President
Hypocrit!!! Dictator!!! Executive Orders without letting Congress have a say!!! Shame on you!!!
#ivoteno
Allowing the rich to get away with murder. Where are the jobs?
How can we go along with your tax programs if you continue to hide your tax information.
You know nothing! Being a president is a seriously business 1 wrong move will ruin America the biggest mistake is you winning the election!
China only needed 2 years of trading with the United States enough to rebuild SYRIA after the war.
Why shoud the rich pay taxes
another stupidity you are certainly proud of, loser.
do the rich have any more tax burdens? asking for a friend
Amen it is about time those in Goverment were and are held accountable for the money they spend Hmmm since it is our we the Peoples money.
As we wait for the non-Executive order to release the promised President's tax returns. #sad
Well, first YOU ( and your family) ARE a tax burden...
God Bless this Man our President Donald J Trump who has stood up to our radical government! To those in the most Bias liberal Media! Perfect
More for you and rich cronies! trump not for America or its people! Wake up America impeach trump!
