needs OTHERS to REINFORCE 2 HIM how good HE is...suggesting he's LOUSY (August 3, 2017; 12:04 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Court Ruling Throws A Wrench In Trump’s Obamacare Sabotage Plan
fact he's STILL holding rallies now reinforces his INSECURITY (August 3, 2017; 12:04 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
he's STILL CAMPAIGNING (August 3, 2017; 12:04 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
@real looser enough golf
 enough campaig rallies
 enough Twitter & TV
how about work
in other words, this guy NOT @ PEACE with HIMSELF (August 3, 2017; 12:04 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Excellence mon président trump
Hope not fuckwad
Speak up sir about your nazis in wv
.@realDonaldTrump go back to DC, you are not welcome in Wild and Wonderful WV.
See you tonight Huntington, West Virginia! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Tickets: http://www.DonaldJ.Trump.com  https://t.co/obtD...
@realDonaldTrump
message: ELECTION IS OVER (August 3, 2017; 12:04 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Please leave Twitter!
Good luck with your proposal / request there, Ali
#MKGA
#MAGA
#FreeKekistan
lmao the site for tickets don't  work much like Trump
All human beings should know God and right information of God on the basis of the holy book of all religions

http://www.jagatgururampalji.org 
Down to 30% approval rating and dropping fast. Worst President in the history of the USA. 12% Trumpcare approval rating. Seriously??
You SELL tickets to see you speak horribly???  You make a PROFIT from these embarrassments? #SMEGMA #IMPEACHTRUMP
I SAW PRESIDENT DICKFACE VON CLOWNFUCK HAVE GAY ANAL SEX WITH VLADIMIR PUTIN, LAST NIGHT!!!!
"... take meee home... to the plaaace, I b-looongg... West Virginia, mountain maaamaa, Ta-ake me hooome, coun-try rooads"
You are the biggest embarrassment to ever face our nation!
I agree with you!
Good luck, God Bless, be SAFE and enjoy
Myth of Justice. Powerful of Earth.
Better hold onto THESE tapes cuz ur numbers are dwindling away!
http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/politics-news/poll-trump-approval-hits-new-low-n789196 …
Coal miners should wise up to you.  It ain't coming back people! He's a pathological liar. We forgive you for his deceit.
Président or Rock star ? 
333 rounds of golf for Obama.  So what President Trump plays golf.  Big fucking deal!!
no it's the hypocrisy.. Trump made Obama's golf an issue and now he's playing even more golf. HYPOCRITE

So I was saying WTF does playing golf have to do with all Trump has done for the good of the country in a few short months.???
Trump hasn't done shit since he got in the White House nothing!
West Virginia are you tired of winning yet?
Lol at your narcissism
Worst president ever
You are confused, that was OBAMA'S title he was the worse President in our History ever.
No your wrong. Only 7 months in
Happy Birthday OBAMA it takes courage to be our president. It takes an understanding of people to do the job well. Thank you #Obama
show,You can see more BS from the president tonight be ready to turn your TV's off
Lucky West Virgina! Y'all enjoy the rally! President Trump, please come see us in Texas! 
Why do you REFUSE to come west of the Mississippi River?
Dear trump #जीने_की_राह book is the only book in this universe which can make your life free from problems and troubles.
#Prophecies_Of_Nostradamus Clearly suggest dat der r some negative powers who want 2 bring ww3 bt d positive power will minimize it's effect
U r too scared to do live news conferences, but u are running around campaigning instead of doing your job.
#Resist
Thou shall not lie.
HI WEST VIRGINIA!!!
Make sure u greet all those people in #WestVirginia that you just tried to screw out of health insurance! Tell them about all the coal jobs!
Ooo! Another election rally! Gotta get those in, only got four years before the vote.
Hillbillies rejoice 
FYI - http://DonaldJ.Trump.com  is a broken link. Just another day in another long line of fails for you I guess.
The #impotus needs a rally to prop up his ego and his 33% approval rating. SAD!

Basically. LOL!
indeed, and they are BUYING TICKETS from his website. haha.. tax payers moneybgets him to golf.. pockets filled with numbnut followers cash!
Why would he donate his salary if he is all about the money? He doesn't need the money. Unlike the Obama s trying to b celebrities
The Obamas ARE celebrities. You do realize Barack Obama is beloved around the world, was a 2 term president, and won the pop vote twice?
OMG... that's got to be the best tweet of the day... how blinkered and up their own ___ if they don't know about the worldwide Obama status!
You are aware that not everyone likes Obama.
Remember when Trump used to bitch about Obama campaigning while being POTUS? The hypocrisy never stops with this dude.
It is worrisome that the man with the nuclear codes can't get a website THAT IS HIS OWN NAME correct.
What is the Donald going to campaign about? How he's mad at Congress for Russian sanctions, but not at Russia for expelling US diplomats?
Maybe Trump will call New Hampshire a drug-infested den again and lie about winning there? Or rant about the White House being a dump?
Make America Great Again? Trump doesn't even like America. He loathes our rules, institutions and democracy. Longs for authoritarianism.
The great  syran has come to india


3 Years, 5 Months, 17 Days, 55 Minutes, and 49 Seconds
Until Trump is inaugurated again
He'll be indicted prior to that
Obviously not.......
It'd be a total shame if tickets sold out and no one showed up even though they RSVP'd
I hope NO ONE would be so terrible as to take up spots then not use them.
How could you lie about your crowd size if there's a bunch of open seats from rude people who RSVP falsely

The same way he lies about everything else - blatantly and openly.
Trump is a Moron & "President Trump" is an Oxymoron!
*Trump supporters, Look it up!*
Not just a Moron, but a despicable, disgusting moron at that! ... http://ir.net/news/politics/126520/report-trump-allegedly-procured-young-girls-russian-organized-crime/ …
This here puts you in the same company as Hitler as far as being one of the worse human beings ever to live
West Virginia doesn't want to hear from a Sex Kingpin who conspired with Putin in order to line his pockets!
The coal miners in West Virginia deserve medical care for black lung—not a president with a black heart.
So true...but they voted for his black heart.
They are still Americans and they deserve to live no matter who they voted for.
Exactly! And yet what does the black hearted President do? He tries to take away their healthcare altogether. Appalachia deserves more!
Sat sahib
collection of racist.
Rally at a time like this? Shouldn't you be golfing?
Sat sahib
I vote you announce this tonight. 
The only thing is one is under a grand jury investigation and Hillary isn't...so that might be a little far fetched to announce.

August of 2016 really...Preet Bharara no longer an attorney for the government...keep digging
 We shall see
I get you voted for Trump but if he's so currupt that he's being investigated...why would you want that as our President?
You ever wonder why civil servants make $140k a year and end up multi-millionaires?
I never said he was the only one corrupt...
I have an idea. Find time to run the country. Play less golf and stop campaigning.
West Virginia...
My family loves you Mr. President!  We Stand with you!  We get so angry every day at the false news!  You are a David. Take down Goliath!

सत साहेब जी
Yeah, be sure to talk about all those coal mining jobs you are NOT bringing back. Then move on to the whale oil industry.
Trump is an idiot.
WV does not represent all Americas...
The fake news is in a panic as they continue to fail from there lies thank you Trump for bring America back life! You are #winning #fakenews
It's trashy flashy con man grandstanding. Ur selling us all out! Full speed ahead Mr Mueller.
Always trying to make a buck.  Barf 
I hear Huntington, WV has 10x the national average of opioid overdose deaths and is a drug infested den. #MAGA!
It's great you are already campaigning. Try running the country
Vete a chingar a tu madre puta pelona cara de bieja madreada que tienes
How sad you sell tickets to your event...loser!

to make America Safe and Great again, READ the bills, don;t blame others. remember your own words.buck stops with you

Remover of all problems has come on earth
Oh yea. Throw back to when there wasn't a grand jury investigating your sleazy ways

How about rallying at a state where you lost?  Cordial invitation to speak at my home state, Massachusetts.
Out begging 4 $ 4 next election & u have yet to do anything good after the 1st 1. #impeachtheLiarTrump #impeachtheleach #fakepresident
Grand Jury
Trump we are winning the war on the fakenews and there anti American lies you are the life raft and all us Americans are onbord! #wining  <3
Trump flip flops. Sad. On Nato, on repaying debt, the wall, Russia, Syria, replacing health care. He betrays us.
Another rally? Running away from your problems, again, Mr. Trump?
Dictators hold rallies. Leaders hold town halls. Heck, even politicians hold press conferences. #chickensh!t #ConManDon
Not if I see you first
Just watched the rally in WV. It was awesome! Thank you Mr. President!! God bless you!!! 
BREAKING: Flynn's updated his disclosure forms to reflect pay from Mercer family's Cambridge Analytica 
h/t @yashar
Oh i can just imagine the political crap that you'll lie about. Boy Scouts were to young for ur immoral message, CREEP!
Do you ever quit having ego rallies? It's super pathetic. You're the President (for now #MuellerIsComing) so act like it. #DoYourJob #RIF
And tomorrow playing golf as usual.  What a workaholic.
Still trying to dump tickets? You can't even find takers in WV, and you won that state soundly...approval rating in free-fall
what poor pitiful president speech tonight you only have 3 Obama healthcare immigration Yada..Yada..Nada

2) Я отправимся в Хантингтон, Западная Вирджиния сегодня вечером! Наслаждайтесь клипом THROWBACK THURSDAY от 5 мая 2016 года.
Don't forgot to tell them about the grand jury

Why the fuck are you touring? And are you selling tickets? Worst president.
#MAGA = #MoronsAreGoverningAmerica
You're going to jail Donny Con. Criminal. SAD!
Half empty, we saw the photos.
Schwuchtel
Do you do these rallies to feel like people still like you, even though you have the lowest approval rating of any sitting President EVER?
Official Announcement:
"Trump will Make Juries Grand Again."
#MAJA 
#MuellerIsComing 
#TrumpAnxiety
#TrumpFreakOut
George Washington would be proud! True patriot of the people!
I wish you could come to California! But I know it isn't friendly here and overflowing with liberals. But many love you too
No trump has nothing better to talk about than Obama and Clinton
Great speech!  Loved it !
You're going to Prison Monkey Nut Muffin! Hope you like #25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachTrumpNow #Indictment
HOW MUCH DID YOU CHARGE FOR YOUR LIES?
No Russians there Donald.  Also no blacks, asians, hispanics....etc.  Just white bread blue collar America
Just go crawl in a hole and stay there

Special Counsel Mueller launches a grand jury in his probe of Russian influence in the 2016 el… https://susanorji.blog/2017/08/03/special-counsel-mueller-launches-a-grand-jury-in-his-probe-of-russian-influence-in-the-2016-election/ … via @wordpressdotcom
#FireHannity
Those tickets your selling will help pay your legal fees!
Donnie, your rallies are such a waste of time.
Please stay in Washington , West Virginia doesn't want you.
You couldn't pay me enough to sit through one of these rallies! Life is too short!
#MAGA & #MADEINAMERICA this SUPREME INSANE IMBECILE-
http://www.msn.com/en-us/money/topstocks/these-5-retailers-may-not-survive-2017/ar-AApgCg3?li=BBnb7Kz …

Calling all idiots - come OUT TO feed old man trump's ego on our dollar - before he goes to jail. LOCK UP THE LIAR. #TAXDODGER #FAKEPOTUS
Wasting MORE of OUR money?????? Do your JOB!!! Taxes!! Where are your TAXES!!! TrumpTowers with Russians operating out of it? :)

I cannot believe you fly around waste of taxpayer money on addressing a group of old white peoples who don't have high school diplomas
The United States of WVA, Ohio, Florida, and Kentucky

Campaigning again? An election coming up?
Quit wasting our money on these stupid so called campaign whatever's!  
Another rally to try to boost your ego again? You feeling unpopular.
I bet you won't mention how you're taking away their health insurance Comrade Trump.
You and your MAGAts.
DON THE CON
Get rid of McMasters.
Who cares..Mueller's going after ya.
Did you play your greatest hits or something off the new album?
Try to get those approval numbers up, Dodgin' Donnie!
See you soon
It would be sweet to hear @potus tell the rally crowd "McMasters YOUR FIRED!  Take ur staff and leave ur credentials behind"
Didn't watch. Would rather have a root canal than listen to your braying.
Awesome!
You can say Russian thing is fake but you can also say you're a winner, Both as you and We know are lies. But You Are Crooked!
Yay, another 'stroke my ego pity party' for you!
Crowds are getting smaller, Donald.  Red meat trumpers are defecting.  SAD
at least 5 people will be there! #worstpresidentever
WHY do you still have a campaign site up and running? U are an embarrassment- hope you are learning you are not immune from the law or truth
#TrumpHasaSmallPenis
Just a quick question correct me if I'm wrong. I thought you were the president of the United States not just a few thousand white people?
Omg. Another rally? Shouldn't you be a little more concerned about your present situation instead of reliving your glorious campaign days?
Conman, your days are numbered at the DUMP BUILDING you occupying now! So you can keep with your lies to voters. @HillaryClinton won!

JUST IN: Senate unanimously blocks Trump from making recess appointments http://hill.cm/kPHlgpv  
I'm sure it's going to be great - lol - huge!!!!  Why are you still campaigning - do you not know that you won?
#MAGA MAKE AMERICA GAY AGAIN
How about you hold a different rally. Topic: How to NOT to be President. Subtopic: I suck as President
The Blame Hillary, Look Over There Tour. Just in time for a 17 day vacation.
No I won't.Also no one else did except Fox watchers.Other msm didn't carry it. LOL

Why are you campaigning still? Get to work on all the foreign issues and your half ass promises.
This ad should just be honest and say... "I want money to pay legal fees 4 me and my family. Please come out and give me money."
Face the American People at Large, not  your tiny redneck constituents at another of your rigged up rallies. You lost by 3 million,  live it
Resign
Need another ego boost...understandable as the stress is mounting.....
MAGA!! 
