Congratulations Secretary Mattis! ...
Pls TOP PRIORITY dVETS HOMELEESS,,  GIVE HIGHER STIPEND2 GO2 COLLEGE so that d family can surviive..Lots VETS KND  I GAVE..
Congratulations Secretary Mattis!
Congratulations Secretary Mattis!
@POTUS 
Check out# America's Financial Salvation# through
Regressive taxation# donalddavidson1948@gmail.com
614-226-9932
Congratulations Secretary Mattis!
por favor que remos un pueto rico en paz
why is everybody against your working with Putin? You would make a great team in cleaning up Isis!
Yep I am adopted, my parents chose me, your parents are stuck with you.
Your mom sent you back to the hospital for a refund.
I think I left my condoms at your mum's house last night.
I may love to shop but I'm not buying your bullshit.
You hired him why are you congratulating him?
...or are you actually congratulating yourself, narcissist?
Congrats, Sir.
A wonderful choice, he will get the job done for once and for all
. Damn snowflakes
thank you for being the hardest working prez ever! Prayers for you always
better watch out, the bully now has a mad dog!
It looks like your face caught fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer.
OH MY MY!!!   THANK YOU MR PRESIDENT!!  RESPECT & HONOR TO YOU SIR!!!  AIRBORNE & SEMPER FI
who taught you how to spell congratulations?
Is that your face? Or did your neck just throw up?
U.S. Secretary of Defense James Mattis to visit Seoul next Thursday

welcome to Korea
excellent choice Mr. President.

that as this internal US civil war is reaching its “maximum moment of crisis”
I would ask how old you are, but I know you can't count that high.
Proud to be an American!
Should be ashamed with your Trump 
Maybe u should check into the details more!
maybe you don't know that i look very deeply into them and that worst !!
Congratulations Mattis!
Your mother's teeth are so yellow, I cant believe it's not butter
Yo momma's so fat when she stood on the scale it said "One at a time please"
BE CAREFUL CALLING HIM SECRETARY..IT WOULD BE LIKE LETTING A "MAD DOG" LOSE IN OFFICE... DoG
trump is favorite and great personality
fake president
Please, keep talking. I always yawn when I am interested.
bro I know you're pres and all but isn't it a bit of a security breach to Geo-Tag where you're at?
I would say there was at least 1M 1M and a half in that room
######
I believe that history books will talk about President Trumps important ability to rebuild America.
If you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid.
@POTUS  love u trumpet
Good thing he has more sense than you
Go Mad Dog, GO!
Congratulations Secretary Mattis!
Let him be at war with the Muslims they got someone for his ass!
impeachment coming soon fool!
l love everything you have done we are behind the Trump movement 100% to make America great again
Help me
We are so proud "Congratulations Secretary Mattis".
Win
add him to your worst choices ever. Bad for our country, bad for the world.
09.02.2017 ok.o
Thank you, Thank you,  thank you! Embarrassed you have to put up with childish tweets
:  Heard you are golfing in Florida--Try Myrtle Beach SC and Ft Belvoir.  We have your back!
doing a fantastic job sir keep going!  Screw the democrats!
What u are doing is very bad What u are doing is very bad
@POTUS intelligence sp. Ck.look it up
@POTUS DR OZ IS RIGHT #:NEURO GUM !!! TO ACTIAVATE INTELLAGENCE CENTERS  NOW.
@POTUS We do not need to dig under bottomless waters for oil  Pretend WE ARE STUPID OR Dummy DOWN FOR DA ASIAN mentality.
We are in trouble now
Mr President,  please direct the VA to reconsider Renal Cell Carcinoma as a direct result of Agent Orange Vietnam.
I and many many other have lost our kidney to  AO and the VA will not recognize.  Help us.
yeah, more ears for fake Christian terrorists to profiteer so they can worship their true God, dollar bill and Satan
.@realDonaldTrump  Mattis is a good pick imo. but that's one out of a myriad of decisions you've made. Kick out Bannon and get some one good
Hopefully Secretary Mattis will make you realize you should never have dodged the draft.
Excellent choice
Mr Président,all muslims are not terrorists,you must be nice now and you will be a great Président for a great América!
Congrats Secretary Mattis! I at least know the difference between a Soldier and a Marine. Commander in Chief didn't.
@POTUS perfect!
@POTUS effect!
Good

one day you are going to be executed, but no one will care, people will celebrate and it will become a national holiday.
félicitation
we all no try kill off all poor people and other race
you hate America
ohh, your fourth Reich cabintry is nearly complete ....
you're doing a great job Mr President!  I wish the nay Sayers would give its rest!!!
If I said anything to offend you it was purely intentional.
My prayers are with you!!
THANK YOU SECRETARY MATTIS FOR YOUR SERVICE, PAST AND FUTURE!
Most awesome pic!
you are the worst potus to ever get elected. I hope yoh get impeached
ISIS can be stopped by burying terrorists with pig guts.  Also need to execute terrorists rather than coddle them at GITMO.
Set up meetings and act as "Sec" for that area because they are stalling....they WILL appoint your men. Use their hate
Agree!
maybe he can figure why your so tight with Putin
totaly agree!!!!!
give men hell
The only decent choice you've made so far, loser. #notmypresident
BRILLIANT choice! Oorah!
congration
yes he needs to bring down the hammer! Bring our old army back!
yes congratulations General!
On our disability
What really gets to me is he sent money overseas while people like me and others that have worked all our lives did not revive a raise
I'm so proud to have you in power
Keep on Mr President Obama tried to destroy us.
I can sleep easier at night now ....
it's time to take Soros down and the 13 elite families. Take Soros money give to wall, vets and homeless please
.
@TeamTrump Great job Trump on your selection.
Anotehr TrumpTardLoser. #impeachtrump
Could you please look at whether we should just give the middle East to the Kurds?  Aren't they super Democratic?  Idk.
@20TrumpDonald16 I am thankful to have a man like you as our president!
YOU LOOK SO LOST trump.
that is one good nomination... I am skeptical about him lasting without being fired or quitting
Thank you for placing my family in harms way, devastating our peace. Calm down! Quit pressuring Congress not YOUR JOB.
And Thank you Pence too.
Such a Huge honor to be able to witness goodness again. Trump and Mattis, Thank you both, I can breathe again!
very good
TERRORIST COMMUNICATE THROUGH FAMILY COUNTRY TO COUNTRY! SO FOR THE BAN!! VET EVERY SINGLE ONE!!
Trump =draft dodger
you did good with this one potus thanks
Boo! Be quiet, Trump
Fine ,but get on board Tweet as POTUS @Real Donald Trump

How nice!May God Bless America and keep us safe!
-Good job "Your Hired" Keep moving forward. Thank you Mr. President
Mattis is the only thing you've done right!

yeah!!
my name is lisa yannuzzo and I don't believe that Donald would ever respond to me can you prove me wrong I also admire you!
@PRESENTPOTUS CONGRATULATIONS!!!
good
I am so glad we finally got someone in office who cares about America and Americans and "OUR" rights and Liberties.
wow look another man, what a surprise
I would give you a nasty look right know but I see you have already got one.
@POTUS #StopPresidentBannon
Don’t you get tired of putting make up on two faces every morning?
I believe in your abilities. You will Make America Great Again!
one of the few (and I mean few) things you've done right
you have to be behind every camera.  Do the job instead of show boating. Andnget a hair cut
I just stepped in something that was smarter than you… and smelled better too.
Great another lackey #TrumpEgoBiggerThanTheSun
If brains were made of gold, you and your family would be beggars.
what a great day for Americans 
Does Mittis believe in Alternative Facts or Real McCoy Facts?
hes the only hope we have, you cant be happier than we are
No Dr Strange Love in that Audience
If you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid.
