@Pontifex 
My Great Love For Jesus Led Me To Islam
⁦ http://islamicbook.ws/english/englis …

 #Do_Muslims_Love_Jesus
LOL and you still think you were behind this....
check fords CEO's statements on the subject. You know if you read you might learn something. Just saying.
you're gonna be SO GOOD, no one will ever vote Democrat AGAIN!
Like releasing your tax returns?????
I see the crybabies are whining on here
"Much more to follow"--are you a TV announcer before the commercials? That's not how to president. Just sayin'
Damn right it is. Welcome to the new and improved America. #MAGA, #DTS, #BTW
taking credit for ford's decision are you?  so like you donnie #presidentfail
i want a free apple wach 
Thank you Donald for the 15M jobs Obama created over 8 yrs despite all efforts to stop progress by you & the GOP every step
Thanks Comrade Trump. 
Maybe you should nationalize Ford.
Free Traktor for all Comrades!!!
#VerySad
you had NOTHING to do with this.  Quit taking credit where credit isn't due!
Thank you Ford and UAW!
16 days and counting until MAGA!
A better Russia's example to follow: they took most of  working UA plants apart in Donbass and re-assembled them in Russia
this has nothing to do with you Cheeto! You're a lying phony. A 70 year old fraud! Pathetic!
I only pray you do half on what you promised for the back bone of this nation. The working class.
oh , you're good..lol..
they are still moving the focus production there and those 700 job yeah they won't last. it's so u  #donthurtstockprices
. Thank you Sir!
Great 700 jobs, Obama created 15 million, lets see. Ford underperforming, so plant in Mexico not viable. Not Trump
Thanks Ford #MAGA
i love how your supporters are so dumb they think that 700 jobs b/c you threatened Ford is "saving jobs"
what about the poor Mexicans? #mexico #Ford
stop bullying ur weight around
#factcheck: Ford Focus production still moving to Mexico. What about that?
BUILD THAT WALL!!
who's paying for it?
Mr President we love all your doing for this country, keep up the good work. thank You
...like your shirts, ties, and steak products?
Do as I say not as I do. Duh.
1 glad ford did this 2 did you make an agreement with them to bury chevy yesterday in exchange?  Stop stacking US business
Chevy sucks. They lost all respect when they took the bailout!
so the PEOTUS should bury a us corporation and damage their business ?This isn't a game it's business and jobs
Dude get 3 lawyers (No tie votes) to read your E.O. for sp + legal,  before u sign the friggin things. Dude u can do this.
.@realDonaldTrump actually you were wrong about this too. How does it feel to be wrong. All. The. Time. #trumpfail
STOP TAKING CREDIT FOR OTHERS GOOD WORK.  STOP STEALING FROM OTHERS.  DID YOUR PARENTS NOT TEACH YOU BETTER.
More babyman bullshit. #resist
resign.
Liar!! Ford is not coming back from Mexico.
Speaking of American cars... Is this an Italian or English car? Can't tell with your First Lady/ Fourth Wife blocking it.
God, that creeps me out.
Then you prob don't wanna see this one then.

Has nothing to do with you, though Ford CEO suggested such.
CEO said this because it sounds good. #Trump has nothing to do with decision.
Much more misery to follow.
are you like a bot? I swear you're either first or second in his reply's and you sound like an idiotic child.
Whining because he tweet a reply to the Dear Leader sounds childish.
what? What are you saying?
.@realDonaldTrump actually it's now two plants, not one. http://money.cnn.com/2017/02/17/news/companies/ford-mexican-plants/ … #trumpfail
when are you clising your chinese factories and bringing those jobs back?
now this is a start I like that part.
YOU'RE NOT CREATING JOBS.  YOU'RE BULLYING COMPANIES AND CEOs TO STAY HERE.  USE YOUR BRAIN AND CREATE SOMETHING.
Don't thank Trump for those Ford jobs. He had nothing to do with it. http://www.deathandtaxesmag.com/313966/dont-thank-trump-for-those-ford-jobs-he-had-nothing-to-do-with-it/ …
I'm sure @BrianAbrams has done so much more for the United States than you have @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Did you know that Ford was so bankrupted in 09,that its investments in Mexico save their asses
not true
Yes, very true, it even is a Harvard Review case
You'll never create as many jobs as Obamas economy created. Ain't gonna happen.
are you high? We have 90 million out of work force. More people on Food Stamps. Chicago is a war zone...
We'll have more than 90 million out of workforce and more on food stamps when Trump's done fucking up economy.
if you arent working its by choice. There are jobs everywhere.
I've been at the same awesome private sector job since Oct 1997. You?
well good for you. I owned my own business since 1990. Been #1 since I was in the womb. #MAGA
How's business going?
The CEO of Ford said that market forces were to blame, not your intervention.
Indeed.
too bad its lost over 90million
theres more jobs in the private sector than in the past 15 years maybe read before spewing
@waffenss There is no small enemy....Stop making fun.....You can Cry later!Karma Baby....
él no tiene la culpa, está cumpliendo lo que prometió, que era que se dejaran de perder empleos en su país.
pero hay formas..El  tuitero burlón no creo sea la más conveniente....No vaya a ser que se le regrese.Hay muchos gringos tmb acá
pues sea o no la conveniente, ganó, y nos tendremos que adaptar a eso durante 4 años.
nadie dice que no....pero awas..viven un millón de gringos en México..con intereses y quereres tmb....No estamos tullidos tampoco
.@realDonaldTrump it was nothing to do with you. All to do with shrinking car sales. Not a real pattern
Ford had the best year last year that theyve had since 2008-2009. You have not 1 fact to back up your lies
I did a whole post yesterday. They are closing the small hybrids and those were the ones going to Mexico
they werent going to Mexico. They were coming from Mexico
um, no jobs made, they have this thing called robots you know... SAD @POTUS
My thanks too.
ANOTHER LIE! Ford is going ahead with plant in Mexico. #idiot
Donald Serbia do Tokia!
False news: Ford confirmed today it didn't scrap its Mexican investment and isn't "moving jobs back" from Mexico
Ford is moving its production of the Focus from MEXICO!!
       But NOT to the USA!!
     It’s going to be built in 
                 CHINA!!!
       Good job Trump.  
Your a disgrace to the USA!
Really hard to keep up with ALL ur lies It's exhausting
No sane business-man would jump every time a half-wit like Trump said so. A blatant attempt to manipulate private business.
LOLOLOLOL!  You are such a loser.  They are moving to China.  YOU HAVE DONE NOTHING.
you are fulfilling all your promises! We LOVE YOU 
your kidding right. Lmao.  !!
OMG seriously?They closed their stores because of online holiday sales it wasn't enough to keep them going

Thank you POTUS Trump!
POTUS is  Obama. Dumpy Trump has not taken the oath of office at which point he will have to lie his ass off
your tears are delicious
Unless your last name is Trump, you will have many regrets.  I do feel sincerely sorry for yo
do you have downs?
STOP LYING!!!
As a Michigander, a Ford stockholder, and member of #TeamTrump, I couldn't be more grateful for your leadership. Thanks
it's a shame stock holders make more money than the people who actually build the product do.
Not even close. Do you even own a single stock? As a Dem, probably not, but I'll ask anyway
@realDonaldTrump
You're acting like Ford's stock tripled... did you buy in December '08?

Ford -vs- Tesla 
I'd be surprised if  @amazedbyu69 owns stock.
I do,and can not wait till they bottom out again, like the last republican bottom's the  market out again
How very sad your entire life is predicated on who is in office in DC. 
@ndyGrosso
Our lives aren't predicated on who's in Office, but it's kind of funny (sad) that Bush was bookended w/ crashes.
Ford was already going to stay in america, it had nothing to do with u, the CEO of ford was doing you a favor by lying #sad
just ur skewed alt right shaped opinion dear. if u wanna speak crap wrap both hands around neck & squeeze
why isn't the SEC exploring how Trump illegally benefits?
because the SEC is a football conference lmao
while good at football I don't think they're known for being the brightest bunches
Do you lie on purpose, or is it something you do without realizing you're doing it?
You aren't even in office yet and you have done more for this country than Obama did in 8 yrs.
Unlike Congress, Obama actually worked. He would have done more, if he didn't have a congress refusing even conservative ideas
by worked do you mean played golf?
Trump plays more golf than Obama ever did, btw.
source?
http://www.golfadvisor.com/articles/us-presidents-golf-14906.htm … http://www.usnews.com/news/blogs/ken-walshs-washington/2015/03/19/sports-and-presidents-have-a-long-history-together …
http://ln.is/bipartisanreport.com/Uv8Yx … No thanks to you, Donald!
700 jobs?  Cool.  You still need a few more to reach 15 million jobs. http://money.cnn.com/2016/10/07/news/economy/obama-15-million-jobs/ …
what's are you going to do about that? NOTHING!!! YOU ARE NOT MY PRESIDENT
which didn't have a anything to do with you.  Taking credit for progress made, not because of you, but in spite of you?
THE REPUBLICAN PARTY IS GOING TO USE YOU UNTIL YOU ARE USELESS TO THEM, THEN THEY WILL IMPEACH YOU, FOOL!
we"ll see Mr. big talk
the twit is at it again
contract prisions maybe n Korea, or china
#awesome
@PJStrikeForce Hey Comrade Donald you still making Ties in China for your company putting Americans out of Work Bravo
We North Americans Identified All Communist even a Leader Donald Trump is under investigation by FBI & CIA being Communist
Re undisclosed info on Russian hacking he knew, Trump said, "You'll find out on Tuesday or Wednesday." Today is Thursday.
what's up with Macy's?
@scottienhughes Since he wants credit for this let's give him credit for Macy's too. Net so far = 8,500 jobs lost.
now grease their palms
@Ford Just called your BS out. anything else you would like to lay claim to? Perhaps creation itself?
.@realDonaldTrump say give you credit for Carrier & FORD keep 1500 jobs in USA Macy's eliminating 10000 results -8500 long way to go 140K/m
You had nothing to do with this @realDonaldTrump so stop taking credit.
just 700 jobs Waoo could u please share the #unemployment rate in US #Ford
Again stop taking credit  and fooling ppl like u did something.
Proud to be American? Then buy American! 
I prayed for you today to be at peace with the success God has given you.  God wants u to pass that success on to the least
oh come on!!! Don't hang this medal in your chest. You know well why Ford turned back
hahahahahahaha
LIES LIES LIES
You can't micro-micro-micro manage our economy, Silly.
It's fucking illegal. Unless you're above the law?
how many pants on fire moments will I count today?
One....
wonderful results and your not even President yet...
Feel good headlines are easy to manufacture. Move the needle on real stats. -800K jobs '14 to '24. https://www.bls.gov/opub/mlr/2015/article/industry-employment-and-output-projections-to-2024.htm …
more lies from the liar-in-chief! the plant was already scheduled to be closed due to poor sales of the fusion.
I see a net job loss.  How does Trump offset 5,000 jobs Macy's is dropping as it closes stores?  More folks out of work
Mexican news reports new Ford plants. Trump is lying to America.
700 jobs is less than the monthly increase in new jobs under Obama
another ploy to get tax breaks #winning
awesome
You Rock!
Well how can they when they, a HUGE American company, ate being relentlessly bullied by the Asterisk elect and his thugs!
How many jobs are you scrapping by canceling Air Force One?
thanks Obama for saving 2.5 million jobs in the auto industry. 2500000 > 700
so you must stop Texaco and Gulf for entering in Mexico, keep your jobs in that side of the border
, Way to go Mr. Trump, thank you for keeping your promises!
love ford for staying ! Thank you President Trump! We all believe you will make America great ! Thank you!build that wall!
changed your tone real quick!!!
http://www.learnprogress.org/ford-humiliates-trump-liar/?bt_alias=eyJ1c2VySWQiOiAiN2FkN2NmNzgtNWRhOS00MDBlLThjMGQtYWY0YWMyM2E1Y2FjIn0%3D …
Trump, just this week -  after you were elected - Macy's, Kmart, and Sears are closing HUNDREDS of stores. It's on YOU.
will they pay a big border tax?
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
nice step, please!
but when is your clothing going to be made in the United States?
They weren't going to build it anyway, so don't take credit for something you didn't do, as usual.
http://www.ebay.com/itm/4Pcs-32mm-T10-194-168-W5W-COB-LED-Silica-Super-Bright-Car-LED-Light-Lamp-Bulbs-/162122486494?ssPageName=STRK:MESE:IT …
Oh yeah, you deserve a pat on the back
such BS from the BS Master.
Buddy you need to start thinking a lot bigger than hundreds.
@MIGOP this is the result of a BUSINESS man getting things done and NOT the career politicians. Thanks Mr. President!!
except Ford was never planning to leave
Macy's cutting 10,000 jobs -I believe you're now at a net loss.
maybe you will reach 150 million jobs saved Obama created before you are impeached.
TRUTH: Ford engineers work in Dearborn 20 mi from Flat  Rock. Moving production to Mexico would've made their jobs harder.
do you understand that Mexico has a trade deal with 44 countries for no trade tariffs? THAT is why companies move there.
U conflate the truth, basically ur lying.  This is just the beginning of what 'more lies' n do believe more lies r to come.
interesting
how about those 10,000 layoffs at Macy's?
another Trum lie. They are just moving production to an already existing plant in Mexico
see your not even in yet and look what you're doing
Thanks Donald. Now we need to get Dodge and Chevy back in America. The dems won't get it.
We thank Ford & we thank Mr. Trump!  Now GM needs to get off their azz & face the music!  Hey, GM:  IT'S AMERICA FIRST!
Not your plan. Threat! Ok
no thanks to you.  You know that, right?
@Ford BRAVO FORD
@tw3etl0rd Is it government's job to be so involved with businesses? Oh Union businesses. Cut taxes & reduce regs. PERIOD!
Great discussion friend! The libertarian assumes a vacuum just like foreign policy however.
In other words the arg is pure theory - like how they instruct at UC Berkeley. It's academic.
who cares about these miniscule numbers of jobs? Why don't you do something impressive like what Obama did.
It had nothing to do with you. Stop trying to fool your 24.5% and shrinking base, much smarter people than you see thru it.
Thank you Mr. President!
why don't you take a hint and do the same? Mr Made In Mexico  #saynotohate
@Ford my next vehicle will be a Ford not GM or Chrysler. A Ford made in America
What about Macy's 10,000 job loss? Gonna help out? No? Oh right, they don't sell your shitty clothes anymore.
nothing to do with you.#TrumpleThinSkin
wow, you're gonna make the country better by adding 700 jobs each year!
liar, liar, hair on fire!
But they are laying off People, just like Carrier did.   What are you taking credit for??????????????
Thanks for local small business losing Ford contract for Mfg Cameras at Mexican plant. WTG, DJT. I love poverty.

if you keep telling these companies how to do business they are going to need another bailout, paid for by me!
*bops nose with rolled up newspaper* No.
LETSBE2GETHER......
not just creating 700 jobs, but eliminating a facility for sending jobs in the future! #MAGA
Please bring back Long Island Electronics & Aerospace Industries, they been missing for 30 years and counting!
good job Ford. But please don't let this idiot take the credit. It's the only thing he's good at.
I prayed for you today.  I prayed that you would find a way for everyone to receive healthcare.  God bless.
vete a la verga puto.
Thank YOU Mr. President for making Ford's decision possible!
Good..keep the momentum.   More jobs usa
taking credit for something you had nothing to do with! Sad!
WHY DON'T YOU & IVANKA BRING YOUR CLOTHING PRODUCTION TO USA? #MadeInAmerica
Yeah MR TRUMP how about building businesses instead of Cusino.
president trump you are God sent
NONE of which had A THING TO DO WITH YOU!
had nothing to do with you!
U had NOTHING 2 do with Ford.  Do U EVER tell the truth? #DontheCon
goof job
Another crony capitalism PR stunt. This only fools your gullible voters. The real world starts on Jan. 20. You have no idea
