"Three people" and four of em worked at nyt
Trust us, we KNOW. Keep tweeting!!
#TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #UrineDossier #UrineDossier #UrineDossier #UrineDossier
Like this source? Gimme a break!
Yes - on Fox News. The rest of the  journalists check and corroborate their sources. #FantasyIsland
lol
Nope.  That is you.

Prove it.
Oh look, another one of those old Trump tweets....
Sources inside @AGSchneiderman’s office are saying that they are very concerned with the allegations against their lightweight boss.

Remember, when you hear the words "sources say" from the Fake Media, often times those sources are made up and do not ex...
CNN HASNT REPORTED ONCE PIECE OF REAL NEWS YET
REMINDER:  CNN IS VERY FAKE NEWS
THERE IS NO RUSSIA STORY. ALL FAKE NEWS
WE LOVE YOU MR. TRUMP!
HI @CNN..... WHY DO YOU SUPPORT FAKE NEWS?
STOP WATCHING FAKE NEWS. ITS NOT WORTH IT!
How fake is @CNN?
CNN and the mainstream media should stop lying to the American people!
Good Lord Trump...how many times have you said "sources say" " I've been told" "I heard from many people" "someone told me" YOUR QUOTES!
Your followers are getting sick and tired of all this Russia Russia Russia, You are looking like an old used sock , and you got BUSTED DADDY
Hey Congress, let's see how much of our tax dollars you have spent investigating Russian collision, Trump and his family...
Regarding your son. The "source" was your son. Stop attacking the free press, we do not live in Russia......
Funny how those "sources" forced jr to sing like a canary......guess there were real sources.

An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama's birth certificate is a fraud.
FAKE News!
You wish.
Most of them are true but hidden.
Fake media being you, Fox, Breitbart, et al
Imaginary people who talk in their heads
The REAL NY Times forced Trump's fake son to publish the emails. Watch for a flood of fake tweets from a fake president.
'Oftentimes'?
This Canadian fully supports you,Sir! Great work!
Wrong
Keep tweeting   Gives mueller more evidence
Does that include your people who quote unnamed reliable sources or speak on the condition of anonymity?
These days you don't need a journalism degree to work for Fake News Media, you merely need to have creative writing skills.
Unless @FoxNews says it than it's all good...
Your son is the source
 What about when the source is your own son? Can you believe he released those emails and confessed? You'll never get away from this.
Oh really? But when you say you "heard" from someone, that person is real? Hypocrite much?
Remember when you hear Fake Media from the POTUS often times the "Fake Media" have something on him.


And what about when Donald Trump Jr is the source?
But there are no sources on the emails. Just the actual words on the emails. To your son and from your son. No mystery sources. #truestory
Is this gonna be a long tweet storm? What level crazy are you aiming for? Sounds pretty standard so far.
Didn't Trump once quote 'sources'?
"Many people are saying"...

Or pretending to be his own publicist in the past.
Keep it up. Keep attacking the media and dividing us up. Your approval ratings are at a historic low.
Ooohhhh, so they've finally started talking to some of your "sources"?
That's not true at all. Also you routinely site stories from @foxandfriends with anonymous sources. Why isn't it a problem then?

Here you go again w/the "sources say" being the equivalence of "Fake Media." How did @nytimes get the FAKE emails that were FACTUAL? Think!
LIE.
You always use say "sources say" and whenever something you don't like what's being reported you say "Fake News."  Fraud.
Remember when you said that the "FAKE NEWS" story about anyone on your team colluding with Russia didn't exist?
Are you calling your own son whose story you personally reviewed fake news? Does that not mean, by extension, that YOU are fake news?
Jared Kushner failed to disclose his meetings with Russian agents which you have fervently denied for months… this is a felony.
Also, are you admitting that your sources for your racist Obama "birtherism" conspiracy were all fake?
Remember, when Donald Trump tweets things, they are historically proven to more likely be lies than the truth.
My sources say you don't love @DonaldJTrumpJr and are willing to see him jailed for life to protect yourself. Source: your tweets
Yes, @Lawrence had a story last night that proved u night be the worst father in the world. Assault DJ for not wearing suit to bball game??
I missed it sadly, no cable, can u summarize,  please! And thanks in advance.

Fake like you're CombOver? Like that Iran missile footage you were slinging just the other day. You're out of your league Donny, #TakeAKnee.
Good Gawd you're a phony. Just stop the bull shit. Resign. Quit giving cheap, false advise that nobody cares about but you. Just stop.
@FoxNews: "Sources Say!"
Kind of like when YOU say: "Many people are saying....."
Same goes for your unspecific  "many people say", right??!?
Agreed
I am disappointed a News Media who is soppose to report the news. We want news not an attempt to decided who goes to the White House.
And your examples are??? Go ahead, we'll wait. Your catchall term of fake news applies only to the ones who don't kiss your ring.
Hear that @JackPosobiec? You are Fake Media also - congrats loser!!
Don't you have better things to do...you know, like run a country?
Today's forecast . . . dismal with a high probability of a shoe storm or two, or three.  This pattern appears to not be ending anytime soon.
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/885084555421634561 …
Describing himself exactly.
Remember, when you hear the words "sources say" from the Fake Media, often times those sources are made up and do not exist.
I'm sure you can watch Fox from the Pen
Like when you say "people are saying", "many people are saying", or "I heard that..."? You are the Liar in Chief.
You are the biggest distributor of fake news on the internets! #Weirdo
#25thAmendment #FAGA
Wow. Just wow. You are a propaganda machine.
Not likely. Fake news is when you say,  "Everybody says..." which means it's all in your weak mind. FACT: #Americahatesyou #trumpissimple
Like all of the info coming out of the Trump WH right? Lying ass
Hmmm... pot calling the kettle black.
Forget fake media. Disappointed in YOU! Agree with Tucker that swamp is still very wet. Dems run the show & you appear to be as weak as GOP.
Sad incompetence proving tweets
Boy bye. Your corrupt crew is going down. Why Don't you just drop out and save the country and your family from more embarassment
Sources say your a competent president in charge of a well run administration
the source was your own son. was he lying? If so which bit was the lie. Can't tell from here.
And Team Trump are the very best at making up fake news.  In fact, I don't think Team Trump knows how to tell the truth...EVER!
Pretty much like when you say "believe me" no one should.
"Someone said" RussianAtty got visa thru LorettaLynch..hmm.fake news..."someone said".  From State Dept for Visa. Learn, will you!!!!
Certainly you should verify the information from other sources, when ANYBODY says that.
your son was the source this time ... his emails ..  released by him lololol   is he fake too ?
WE NEED MEDIA REFORM
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1569327083105576&id=100000848978083 … RESIGN #ORANGEHITLER
Monsieur le Président Donald J. Trump , pour cois vous ne faite pas le système médicale comme la France pour votre PAYS , qui et plus riche
Their source is probably Rosie O'Donnell
Swamp Spin Fake News!  Swamp Collusion is not Free Speech!  DTS. Start with McCain.
Is that kinda like " Jim  says"?
Didn't you use those exact words MANY times throughout your campaign and still daily?? Hmm...  #sourcessay
Funny how you love to exploit the media for your own gain but call them "fake news" when they're reporting on your BS. #IdiotInChief
And leading that fake news is MSNBC CNN and NBC
Funny how you placed great value on "sources" when you knowingly lied about Obama's citizenship and birth certificate.
The only think fake is your Presidency. Stop trying to destroy this nation by using this fake media BS....
Liar.
Resign before u r impeached!
And if someone hears "Trump said" you can pretty much count on it being untrue
Does the same rule apply when you say, "I've heard from 'my people...'?"
And you're the president???
Remember when you hear Paris Trump says he is "Fake News"
Remember when you hear the word "Trump"? We're all thinking... #FakePOTUS #FakeFamily #treason #GetOutOfOurWhiteHouse
Heave your own advice here. "Sources say" is what it seems your administration is running on.  #worthless
No, that's what you do. Remember you're imaginary friend Jim?
What about White House sources say?
Kind of like alternative facts?
Yes we know.
Yeah that's why I never watch #FoxNews or #BreitBart. Get lost.
Totally agree! The world is brainwashed by the media!
As in "I've been hearing".....
Unlike yours which are 100% lies.
Hillary's the "source" that started the whole Russian hacking story to deflect her loss & fuel the anti-Trump news. The agliness of the Dems
With no due respect, you, are the "ground zero" source of #fakenews & biggest current threat to #FreeSpeech. #Facts are verifiable. #GOP
Like the "sources" who kept "telling" you that @BarackObama was born in Kenya?
Sadness that your lack of integrity and morality spills over into the highest office.  Your ideals are the only fake news!
Definitely.
The sources are your loyalty pledge friends they don't like you just accept it no one likes you but the Russian Bots
Is that the same as when FOX News says, "people are saying...."  #askingforafriend
Nothing Fake about the Story on your Lying Son...he Confessed because he was Caught. I am sure you were Aware about it Also.....Liar!
It's more like FAKE TRUMP!

An 'extremely credible source' has called my office & told me that @BarackObama applied to Occidental as a foreign student--think about it!
. Oh but ur involved with some bad hombres from Russia. Doesn't sound fake to me. Video speaks better than pictures. #YourScrewed
Remember Mr President every time you open your mouth you tell more lies than any media outlet
Shame on Fox, Breitbart, and The National Enquirer.
Most Americans know the news media don't represent the thoughts of Americans anymore. media has its own sinister agenda. #norealreporting
Are you a paid Russian troll or just ridiculously stupid? Either way, you're just a waste of electrons....
Strengthen the defences at the white house!
So, your son Donald Jr. doesn't exist??? I wish!!!
So is you're marriage
Exactly jist like when we hear @realDonaldTrump  say: "I heard...(alternate fact...aka lie)"
Your presidency is fake media.
Your Disgraceful Parrot - @KellyannePolls was just REPEATED on CNN your  Illegal Classified BS Tweet on Comey that FAKE Fox Retracted!
So true  #maga #FireMueller
If Don Jr didn't  admit to Russian meeting, Trump would call it FAKE NEWS & his fans would fall for it. Fooling them again

Remember, when you hide on twitter and shout madness with your face hidden, what you say is often times made up.
Wrong
Why do YOU always say, "someone told me.., "I heard from somewhere..", when talking, but then criticize others?! Set a good example, Please!
I call BS. You use "sources say" and "many people are saying" all the time. #FakeNews
You have used that same verbiage in the past, stop being a hypocrite.
I guess "it takes one to know one"! I'm not sure if you get that just bc you say it, doesn't mean that the we believe it!  #notgullible
You know who's fake right?
You mean like your "friend" Jim who doesn't like Paris anymore?
Will do
Or if @potus says it, you know it is a lie. Which is how he and @putinrf want it, since it erodes our faith in US government.
Lie.
The source of the story was your literal son. Sources say he's a great person

Sources for them Donald is Sorcerer you know they have to conjour shit  up
Provide a source for that, O Master of Fake News.
Ready for prison Donny boy? #micropenis #NotMyPresident #Russia #Collusion

don't you use the words "credible sources" have told me.... #hypocrite
What a weakling! You are Putin's puppet, confirmed! This is not Fake Media, these are your words.
Hey - how about that "source" that was so full of $hit about our last REAL President's Birth Certificate!
Your son handed over his emails and your still screaming Fake News......stop it!
Like the people you sight but fail to name mr Drumpf
Like the enquirer articles you leaked on yourself for to stay relevant lmao
Or like you when you fabricate complete lies out of the thin air in the space your brain should be?
Except when in ur favor right. Only true when to your benefit. Loser
And when I hear the words "Donald Trump says" ?
29000 RTs & 109000 Likes of this tweet means public views #FakePress is REALITY
@sardesairajdeep
@sagarikaghose
@RazdanNidhi
@bukharishujaat
पत्रकार :- कश्मीर के हालात बहुत खराब है,
सीमा पर गोलीबारी हो रही है,
आपका क्या कहना है ?

पप्पू गांधी :- सीमा को कुछ दिन घर पर रहना चाहिए

good to know....I hope you are being honest..that is what I am counting on..
Whilst yours are just lies with no sources.
fake news your arrogant son verified the story and now the white House wants to question him. Your family is fake news
You are right just like your imaginary (fake) friend "JIM"  right
Remember whenever you hear anything that comes out of my mouth, that we Trumps are genetically predisposed to lying our asses off
Mr. President, that's the mantra of Fox News... "sources say"  LOL
Kind of like your "sources" told you that former President (the guy you're jealous of ),  wire tapped you?
And more often than not, they're spot-on.  Pack your shit and get your crime family out of our White House.

Is that what "Jim" would say there, Sybil?
You mean like your twitter post about Comey leaking confidential information? There is Def is something fake and thats you!
How many times have or the WH used "sources say"? # fake Trump # fleecing America
Yeah, I'm sure Deep Throat was just a figment of our imagination. That source that was unnamed for 30 years.
You mean like when you say "I heard from someone"?
You'd know, you make up everything that comes out of your mouth - LIAR!
