يأجوج ومأجوج
نشوف التقيم
I mean he golfs a lot, like a lot.
he's spent 21% of his time golfing. and at properties he owns so he's collecting taxpayer money. what exactly has he got done?
You do know that tons of Asians come through Mexico and that is why a lot of them speak Spanish and then cross border. I live here I know.
It will be safer once Sharia Law& Mosques r banned Nation wide & Jihadi training compounds gone.
We will all be gone one day. But to be glad when a Sr. or Vet is gone simply because our views and values don't line up with current State of affairs is messed up. Let's all pray for one another's discernment instead
One middle-aged white shooter murdered more people in Las Vegas in 10 minutes than 15 years of killings by the Latino MS-13 gang.
You haven't done a damn thing and targeting immigrants won't help a bit.
May GOD bless you and your family President Trump!  Please ignore these haters on here as they are somewhat ignorant and are just followers of people who just want to rant and act like children who don't get their way
Big progress being made in ridding our country of MS-13 gang members and gang members in general. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAI...
nice one Mr president
Thank you for getting rid of MS-13 gangs! Now get rid of geoengineering, fluoride in water all 50 states
Thank you Mr. President.  Our family is proud of your efforts to make America safe for our children.
Gangs are a cultural cancer; they have to be eradicated permanently, lest they spread and kill...
bull crap as usaul
Thank you, Mr. President, for being you.
the best president ever! #MAGA
Great news Mr President abt-" Big progress being made in ridding our country of MS-13 gang members &gang members in general."
American will be safe again when you and your gangster administration are out of the White House #ImpeachTrumpNow #Collusion #PutinsPuppet
You and everyone like you needs to stop playing God and allow POTUS to do his job. Stop being a dem or rep and start being an AMERICAN!
Hahahahaha! Surely you jest! You are just arresting minorities to fill your for profit prisons. We see through your veils, your false flags.
america wasn't safe since colombus came
Keep up the good work! So happy to finally have POTUS who cares about what We the People care about, not the media!!!
And do t come back!
You are HATED! Go away TRUMP!
The wall won't work, ladders go over walls tunnels go under. Use towers with cameras and offices monitoring the cameras. Less than 1/4 the $
Sessions needs to man up and arrest
Thank you
do not take Korea lightly. Let's take over the country.
You are losing ground in Las Vegas, ms-13 is making huge advances here daily, come see their graffiti spread everywhere here yourself sir
Thank you Mr president for all you do for is never forget ypu are loved.
It will be safe again when you leave office
When will you start disbanding the KKK?
thank you President Trump we are praying for you God Bless you!!!
How wld u know, LIAR! MELANIA SHLD BE TUCKING U IN RIGHT NOW - RIGHT AFTER U HAVE UR CHOCOLATE CAKE,  MILK AND YAYO
I wonder what Trump supporters think about D phone tape with Mexican President where he clearly Only wants  save face & not really Do D walk
more post Obama cleanup
PICK THEM UP WHERE THEY LIVE AND CHARGE THEIR FAMILY FOR AIDING AND ABBEDFING.

Hypocrite!
Then prosecute Hillary a immediately
hurry and rid the White House of all Obama and Clinton staffers. Get rid of McMasters he is removing your people from the White House.
Then prosecute Hillary immediately
I didn't hear complaining when Giuliani went after the Italian, Irish an Jewish mob's. Why is this such a bug deal about these killer's?
Lol
wow
Benito Mussolini... The resemblance is remarkable.
America will never be safe until your whole regime is gone. You have created a cesspool that even you don't want to stay in. Go golf again.
I don't believe Trump; very weak on illegals living in America! Will not deport, just like Obama! Traitor...
Thank you AG Sessions 
Thanks 
America needs to be safe from you
Good work mr president!
Yeah America is very dangerous, I'm scared of living in my ungated and unguarded neighbourhood, help me 
Making self working living investment sire uman rights
Look at ur streets instrutter
National anthem equally up wimans rights sire
For ur reptshon and crime ratings
Arinana as nation of ur maning faces instrutter under bush Obama
As nation of ur maning faces instrutter what do you say for the next generation
Here for an national anthem
Wimans rights
Ur problem priorities right here ur meleses and ur uman rights
Done
Equally up wimans rights
Thank you Mr. President!! 
#Trump
America will be safe again when you're not BFFs with Putin.
Just shut up
This is really good
Too bad your parents didn't use a condom, that would've made America safer.
You ain't doing shit!!!
T
President Trump, thank you for all you're doing & God bless you & your family!  We're in your corner!
Thank you Mr. President

Getting used to winning........not tired.  Thank you, Sir

No, Trump.
You've made no progress.
You understand law enforcement less well than you understand what cardio is.
Sir we need your help in Escambia Co. Fl  our Sheriff and the judiciary system are ruing people's life's please have the justice department
I don't have to like you to agree with you, kudos Orange Ogre.
another fucking lie
Yes get them out
Clean House  #MAGA #AMERICAFIRST #Trump2020 
Murder rate up 20% in Louisville , KY ... not getting better here.
At last, Round-em-up! Thank you President Trump for Making America Safe Again. #MASA
Extreme force is uncalled for.a task force is appropriate however.
Was it ever safe?
Statistically, most MS-13 members are here legally or are citizens. Most people here illegally are over staying a visa. Your wall is a waste
. Dont say it until it happens.  People think you are a lier
Thank you Sir!! Unlike pols who set up orgs to profit fr neighborhoods you are actually helping us.
keep sessions please!
Please come get them out of my neighborhood too!
So gun control, drug rehab, criminal justice reform, and economic policies helping only the rich are being addressed?
You have not had the grace to compliment Jeff Sessions who is leading the Justice Dept as it should be led. He is not your personal lawyer.
Someone take twitter away from him

Make America great and safe again. Ditch Trump
No, Alwin, he is dumping illegals, MS-13, & Islamic terrorists! He's doing Great job ! Love Trumps tweets too!
fear monger
Please stop provoking North Korea. That will make us all feel safer.
Yes, wait. North Korea might be crazy like Trump, but not suicidal.
They won't be the only country. Ever hear of the deterrence of mutual destruction?
So what happens if neither side acts rationally?
Where are you putting them? Alcatraz?
is any progress being made on ridding our country of the worst most corrupt treasonous lying presidency ever known to the U.S. RESIGN NOW!
Why do you announce. Pick and grab. Remember don't call out your game. And Prepare the "enemy". @Scaramucci was the one for them.
with you out of the WH it will be.
What is it about this Gang stuff that got your attention is this just a distraction

@pay close attention to the almighty Latin Kings street gang as well as they are established worldwide, as a former member I speak from exp
I'm waiting for you to LOCK HER  UP!!!!
Amen 2 that. ..pure  evil they are
Keep up the hard work Me President. 
You'd think winter was coming with all these snowflakes falling.
I agree. Leave office. That will go a long way towards ensuring the safety of our Republic
Oh is that why you told police departments for more brutality?
Not.
Stupid is as stupud does.  Gangs will always be around. American history.   Poverty feeds such just like prohibition brought on Capone etc
when was the US ever "safe"
please stop the chaos. This is not a reality show. You are my president with a great agenda
You were not obviously joking did you..... Another lie from Ms. Sanders...
The republican 'gang' next then?
Help make Illinois great again if it's at all possible. How could republicans from this state screw our citezens in the last budget deal.
Help Illinois do the same in Chicago. Dem's got so much screwed up. Dems think downstate should pay for decades of mismanagement.
Make America great again
Most famous coat in the world
Thanks Trump
*quote
Thanks
AMEN!
this country was violent before M.S.13 and it will be violent long after their gone "
American is safe?
It would be safer..if you drop dead and take pence with you
That's not true. Your racist ban and other actions are endangering far more.
Lol, you're not very bright are you...
Send them to syria.  They dont belong here.
Yeah, right.
you going to get the MS 13 off the street for killing innocent people how about do the same for gangs in chicago killing innocent civilians
Isn't that something, 60 mins.tells us about MS13 after you expose what has been going on ! what a joke.
Great job keep up the good work. We are behind you.
Do it
YEA BOI
Untrue.  You made them stronger.
Please send the National Guard to Chicago to stop the killings.
Even BIGGER progress would be ridding the country of YOU, that would make America safe & great again, like bigly! RESIGN NOW.
bill of rights do not cover illegal alians thay broke our law of entry.thus nullifying protection
who is going to make us safe from you?
You tweet so much.... how do have time for actual work???? Umm you don't. NOTHING is getting done
Good.
#TrumpRussia #Russiagate #TrumpMoneyLaundering #PutinsPuppet #DirtyDownwithRussia IC has it all .tick tick
Sessions MUST investigate what the Deep State thinks they are doing to "targeted individuals"!! This isn't a swamp, it's NAZI AMERICA!!!
Please describe in great detail--to an audience of children--what MS-13 does to people. #InappropriateUncleOnCoke
I guess democrats have not declared MS13 an oppressed people yet needing their protection.  They must not vote or make political payoffs.
Keep going Mr President.... your doing a good job...
William Browder, Red Notice
Sanctions and denouncing Putin anytime soon?
Maybe just go back to Pizza Hut commercials.
