Homeland Security and law enforcement are on alert &amp; closely watching for any sign of trouble. Our borders are far t...
Keep up the good work, and thanks for stepping up to make this country great again and hopefully fix what's broken. Thanks Mr. President.
The smart common sense people of America know you are protecting us from forces that want to destroy what is good for America. I respect you
The Livid Lethal Left hasn't used common sense in their entire, worthless LIVES!
Very good tweets Luci Tomlin
Apparently not if you have to now send in the national guard.
We need to help Europe as Islam will take them down. We need to worry about WW3 which you will be the one to start. It's the prophecy
Another EXPENSIVE distraction from your affairs and Russia Investigation. What a traitor.  #corruption
you speak like a 12 year old call of duty player, learn some bigger words!
You're a fraud. Resign.
No its not
Kim Jong will be dethroned by the end of this year china will reign as superpower kim Jong will seek refuge in Russia
To bad the self serving Congress can't get on board and start working for the people.
They will when they're done with him. Once they know their names are cleared from Mueller investigation they will throw Trump under the bus. GOP regret Trump & will for generations.
The real problem is turning a blind eye to the real terrorists....
The KKK is the Democratic Party Honey.  Your forgetting Trump is not a Democract. 
Well it looks like the KKK has switched parties cause these greedy republicans are tearing this country apart
whether you want to believe it or not the whole mess is being orchestrated by Sharpton/Obama
What whole mess??
The riots and protesting that is leading you to believe that.
You sound like the idiots saying it was all because of the gays that Charlottesville happened.... smh
Sharpton and Obama are trying to Sabatage  the current administration
Hello
Hallelujah
Then you can take the wall money and give it to Meals On Wheels or wait for the next man-made disaster in the ocean.
You, Bush and Obama have protected terrorists like Posada Carilles and living in Miami.
B.s.. tell us another lie you pos
Legalize all the illegals. Then start over with border security.
Y
34%
REMOVE THE ANCHOR BABY LAW AND REMOVE DACA  AND  KEEP YOUR CAMPAIN PROMISES  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Thanks to you
THAT'S the WALL, folks! Support, fund, N let them do their jobs!!!
با سلام خدمت  شما خواهشم اینکه هر چه زودتر مشکل رو حلش کنید
Just wondering what you have actually done to strengthen our borders?
Great. Hopefully to keep you lot in!
من چیکار کنم من از این وضع خسته شدم زود جواب بدین واضع
Can illegals pass through Public Parks? Should border patrols get permits from Public Parks to intercept illegals?
Please strengthen our borders and immigration laws.
If his admin. has brought down the drug scourge by 78-80%, and illegal immigration as well, why do we need a wall, Hmmmm?
Lies
your a joke
So out of touch with the average person.  Quit tweeting and stop the violence by your right-wing white supremacist
Why don't you send them to Texas where they are desperately needed?  And start your go fund me page for the people that support you
So did you land that Moscow deal yet?  Asking for a friend, comrade.
You're the biggest threat to National Security!
If their stronger than ever, why do we red a wall?
Thank God for this great and sensible President Trump
Tough, that's probably why that stupid wall is taking so long.  Day one, U said, another lie.
Please help me rohingya muslim
Again with the lies. Just stop.
So u increase troops in Afghanistan? Flip flop.. you were against it
EMBARRASSING!!
If they are tougher than before, then why are you threatening govt. shutdown if congress doesn't pass laws to build the wall?
Got idea! Trump, you pay for wall with your billions instead of us taxpayers. Then you get reimbursed by Mexico. Lots of luck.
Code for: We have Intel that the assholes are up to something again. Lock and load--hunt them and kill them.  #MyFridayMotivation
You are evil personified. Resign now!
We need strong borders so we dont wind up like Germany.
Build a wall around @North_Hills18 please.  Thank you, Mr. President.
Thank you Mr. President. We remain loyal and behind you 100%. Keep our soldiers and country safe. #TRUMP2020
Solomon betrayed God. And God raised several opponents. Read bible every day. Without God USA is nothing. His excellency is nothing.
Always on it!! Thats my President! Thank you! @realDonaldTrump
Thank you Donald---God bless you
Even without your stupid wall?
I am very happy to hear it,  Mr. President... I can't wait till you start building that wall...its  gonna be something special..

Have you ever worn a gimp mask with a funnel on the mouth? @ me if you want to try one out. I know some guys who are pretty chill
no, they actually aren't.  you tall a good game but you are ineffective getting things accomplished!!
Fake news
Good speech.
Yes, my completely innocent husband was arrested in front of our two young children, handcuffed to a bench, then released. Sad.
Yeah, nothing like splitting up families at an unprecedented rate.  Kudos!
Because their all on the Northern border. You think some big ass wall will stop anything? delusional.
LOL Making up shit to please Nazi supporters XD
If our borders are so strong, what the hell do we need a wall for?  Do you just like wasting money like you do on rallies and vacation!
Thank you POTUS for the fight to secure our borders
Ed you talk way tooo much
I love you Mr President keep up the great work
Thanks Trumps for making America Great again!
Thank you Mr President. It's about damn time.  Dems would open our borders to anyone.  And I am not saying the LEGAL ALIENS
Make up your mind is it protest or don't protest unless you are kkk. Nazi?
اخرج من الظلمات الى النور وانطق الشهادتين تفلح
Our borders are exactly the same as they've always been. You've changed nothing.
Feral Antifa punches another Antifa on accident b/c he thought he looked like a Nazis
... why do you shut down the government if Congress doesn't agree to pay for the wall?  I thought that MEXICO is going to pay for it???
Good by Trump, it was nasty knowing you. You have to go. 
There is no where In this world you can go where people will not laugh at you
Without your fabulous wall?
If you are bragging about having been to best schools, your grammar is bad. Me is not the subject of a sentence.
The dramatic decrease in legal/illegal immigration is 100% credit to you, as far fewer want to come to the USA. Yes, you are THAT toxic!!
You know what?! You can take 20 xanex and drink a whole bottle of cognac to relax!! Try it man. !
No get rid of welfare
The American people is not suppose to pay for the wall.
Go Trump. Real leader.
By "stronger" you of course mean meaner, right?
Zests
Hire Steve cederquist,, in las Vegas now.
Clean, smart, quality man.home remodeler
Hgtv
 Find him.
Knows Reno. And Huntington beach too.
Thank you.
732 work visa's were granted by Scientology from RUSSIA & no ?'s asked or investigated. Is this the "new" border get into USA free thing?
Stop worrying about the borders and focus on the inner turmoil that is ripping this country apart.
B&$%*#ch they r still coming in u can stop them just like the war them people been fighting 4 Thousands of year u r a freaking liar
We need you Mr. President, to do more extreme shot so American can impeach ur sorry @$$ n put u in jail.
Mr president help Oklahoma
If Trump doesn't do anything else. I would like to thank you for killing the Democratic Party! BTW they are also going broke.
Elect a clown expect a circus!!!
Clown
Who will protect us from you?
There has been no change, stop taking credit you did nothing
what, you think the Canadians are gonna invade?
Can u pls worry about our country starving kids anything but TWITTER #gtfo
LOL
Great job trump u are the greatest u get shit done
Give our CBP officers on the Borders all the support they request to get it done.
you are the one who must be stopped...you are incompetent and are only concerned with your own ego!!!
Their are not ur BORDERS history say they where
taking from people who already live HERE so how can U say its yours man

how are you qualifying statements like this?  Oh that's right i forgot, you're the president u don't have to be truthful
Looks like they need to concentrate on the homegrowns inside our borders.
You sir are looking the wrong way for terrorists, you need to look with in your own border for the  homegrown kind.
Shut down our borders!
You have our total support Debi and Jerry Tepper.  I hope you get this message!  
Kindly,

The @detqueenie54
It's within your borders that the real danger lies... #SHITTYPOTUS
Yeah, thanks buddy.
Please pardon Sheriff Joe!
Keep it up!
Please build the wall!!! Go on the trail to get the ppl to rally around u! Congress is NOT what we elected u for!
Yes lastly we need that WALL.
Silk Road coming to Central & S. America! Invasion by any other terms remains  INVASION! Get educated to Xi Jinpings real WAR! @HouseCracka
Stop spreading fear
Tougher than ever before huh? That's not saying much. Build wall, end birthright citizenship and deport ALL illegals
Thank you, Sir. As a former immig deportn defense atty, I've witnessed ATRICIOUS evidence mfg & perjurious testimony from illegal aliens.
Domestic security and law enforcement are closely monitored and look forward. Our borders are much more difficult than ever before!
However you said your country has been devided for decades?
Visit http://Trickxny.com  for all the #Snapbacks #Donald #Supports
Mr President, plz help CA! Brown=Dictator, criminal illegal legislators=DeLeon! Brown hired Holder 25G's per mo! Do not give CA any $$!!
#boycott Trump
Bullshit, 1/4 of the country is all u have and that's not gonna cut it for long
What about the 49th
& @JustinTrudeau AGENDA
Concerned 
Not really!!
BullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshit UGH
Thanks to Obama
get off of twitter and do your job
jk stay on twitter
Great great speech tonight Pres Trump. Love you  Hard decisions but super job   Thank you
Wow wonderful support from Lindsey Graham for Pres Trump. Thank you
Thank you for caring about America
Its not the " bad dudes" outside our borders that threaten the security of this nation. Its those living within who harbor hate&malice.
Thank you President Trump!!
Build the Wall and develop the NAFTA FORMULA and make MEXICO PAY FOR IT # MAGA!
BUT WHERE ARE THE 5,000  BORDER PATROLS???
While you sit on the toilet and tweet , #WhatAPunk
Thank you POTUS
