



Thank you. We appreciate you more than you know.
Do it
Heading back to Washington, D.C. Much will be accomplished this week on trade, the military and security!...
.@1choice you sir are one man. Doing great but our Republican party is failing me the voter and disrespectful2 my PRESIDENT
Glad you are back! Maybe you can "whip" the congressional people that we voted for to GET RID OF O CARE ONCE AND FOR ALL!
#AlternativeFacts Trump has accomplished NOTHING SINCE elected... #Loser #Sad
https://twitter.com/libertyselfgov/status/899816854570418176 …
@realDonaldTrump CDRP please! This has been stuck in legislature for far too long. Sincerely Disabled USAF Vet.
Download a Business Card.....
https://goo.gl/6RDpPH 
I love you Trump! I appreciate you trying your best to make America Great Again!
Bs
Congress should be subject to all the same laws as other Americans.
How about actually staying in Washington and stop squandering our money at your resorts
Crook!

You're in over your head.
Yup ! With you as 'OUR' PRESIDENT a lot will & GETS DONE
literally nothing has been accomplished.
Good work Mr.Pres.We are proud of http://you.Now  lets lock up or indict some of these liberals who are criminals.Debbie Schultz.f 1
This week:  LOSE Repeal, trash Dems, trash Trans people, trash Immigrants ('animals'), and now we're back to trash Blacks, Latinos.
Give em Hell, Pres!
Awesome
I'm also paying back zero student loans!!
Thanks for all you do
Call session tell him to unrecuse himself and tell them to pull the investigation back under the regulations
Have fun watching TV and eating Cheetohs.
You make me nervous
Please explain how forcing 15K troops out of work & preventing certain people from serving accomplished anything for military & security.
The military probably thinks you suck
Get it done Donald!!!!  Yeeaahha
Great job on the transgender ban. We the people shouldn't have to pay for there mental issues
Is banning trans your big military accomplishment? Being a bigot is not a big deal. Where's the rest? Stuck behind #healthcare failures?
Lay off Jeff Sessions. He is  one of your strongest allies. Get rid of him at your own peril.
Trump!!!! Woot Woot!
North Korea can bomb it any time then.
Damn you ain't even need 100 likes you're gonna do it anyways 
Mr.President,Trump.I see this twitter.I am atent this news in the http://world.Atte.Lic.Ma  Lourdes M.of McCartney,Elite Política Internaciona
PARKLIFE
SHOCK & STUN AS THE MIGHTIEST PROPHET OF THE LORD RESURRECTS A DEAD DECOMPOSING BODY!!!
Impeach Trump 2017

If you think that's bad. Here's pages 1-3 of the affidavit filed on @realDonaldTrump for sex assault on a minor. Pages 4-6 follow. 
Donald tweeted
We have faith in you as the people's champion 
Get off twitter and go do your job!
You haven't done anything as yet except screw the poor and middle class to give a huge tax break for you and friends
@Iron_Nail #BuildTheWall
U gotta clean up Justice DEPT and fire Mueller.  Investigate Clinton Foundation
Close illegal military bases we have in Syria.
And what will they do with all that tax money taken from the taxpayers
Maybe they can give our soldiers returning better treatment bc they're certainly plagued w/guilt over what they were ordered to do.
It wasn't.
Much will be accomplished in the form of treason & theft on your part.
You are?  Wow! Everything in the White House is a mess.
YADA YADA YADA YADA YADA YADA YADA AND YADA.
How'd that work out for you?  Can't wait to hear about what you are tackling this week! #golf #tweeting
..what happened to the jobs at Carrier ?...
Hopefully we can get it were we export as much or more goods then we import. We really need to kick our economy in gear!
Why do you want to build the wall
Keep the Faith Mr. President
Wait.... does this mean you're going to the Cavs for Kyrie? Hope Cleveland got draft picks too.
Stop... your just going home to play with your Legos.  You have done nothing so far.  I just hope that keeps up.
Have a safe trip back :) thank you for all that you have done for our wonderful nation.
Dang it I thought you were staying for another day
Will it?  Was it accomplished.  Maybe you should stop tweeting and pay attention to the world around you.
Chipper up, there's always next week.
Just resign already. Everyone knows your miserable.
Full of it !
...but not by you.
So the weeks over. And you didn't accomplish anything. What's on the docket this week? Hopefully deleting your account.
Like you defeating Isis in your first 30 days?   Pfffft
You must be confused, do you mean maralago?
Mega boom this oo[]oo!!
To bad, so sad, your glad, were had...
Thanks for checking in.
Failure. World thinks you are conman and a failure. They laugh at you!
Much will be accomplished this week? More photo ops of you on big trucks or wearing cowboy hats?
AND.... NOTHING ACCOMPLISHED.  WEAK WEAK WEAK... TIME FOR CAKE YET?
FUCKING FUND PLANNEDPARENTHOOD
You will continue to accomplish nothing besides make more and more the country dislike you.
When it comes to fake news ole Donald leads the crowd. Worse President in history.
i HAVE A FEELING IT WILL BE THE SAME OLD FAKE ACCOMPLISHMENTS AS ALWAYS!  #FAKEPRESIDENT
WHAT A JOKE. You have accomplished nothing and know nothing.
I am president of Libya 
I want meet the president Donald Trump for Libya

https://goo.gl/iT9AqZ  https://goo.gl/n3i5cE  https://goo.gl/hV1U34 

I highly doubt it!
Me too! Wanna meet up for drinks tonight?
Text me when you get home.
I pray you find someone who can help you. We believe you get what you get so don't throw a fit! Trust someone and pray.
its been 5 days since this tweet, u "accomplished" 2 replace spicer, ur attorney quit, and u are looking to pardon yourself. trade/security?
It's amazing how you can get all that done from the golf course. Luckily it is one of your own, so you also get to cheat the taxpayers.
Dear @POTUS. Please get rid of the Obama holdovers in State, DOJ, etc. I urge you watch Tom Fitton's Youtube clip from this week  - not good
Run up then
My, aren't you the articulate one!
Your retorts are precious!
Peace Breaks Out.   Thanks for one week without any major terrorist events
lol.
Heading back to Sallybrook. The grass could do with being cut, and the dog needs a walk
Can we the military get a raise
Maybe if you get off twitter...
Much crap yes. who are the cowards that need so much military. name them
Come see my work:
You are unable to accomplish anything jerk!
Are you golfing in the middle of the week? Hahahaha!
Good
Nice
Russian collusion is an everyday topic! Your administration is a CIRCUS! Sean Spicer resigned today! Hahahaha!
Your prison cell awaits.
You mean your actually gonna do some work? Lmao. You can't get anything done when your whining like a baby on Twitter all the time.
I was gonna come but I think I'll stay home this week. Thanks for the invite.
Your family FIRST needs to set the example.  #DonTheCon #CommieDon
Bullshit
Cock holster great deal negotiator my ass nothing done lowest approval ratings ever schmuck
yea, about trade&security ....
http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-40524386 …
your results are not compelling
dont get us started on empty campaign promises
#FakeNews
YES, TOO BAD IT WAS FOR RUSSIA NOT THE U.S.....
You are fighting Dogs who hate you and looks like America will go down the tubes   Sorry you gave up so much for your life for your country
Is it true that putin doesnt even give you a reach around when he is pegging you?
God bless you.  You need all the prayers from your people!!!! We are with you all the way pox on democrats who rather kill USA than help you
Please fire Mueller. It's just a witch hunt against you.
You sir are chief hypocrite
Do an individual military bill not tied spend what we need to remain first
PARDON? What did you say? When are you going to give up playing POTUS & just let America be great again w/ a real President in our WH. #SAD
Seems like a good day to resign....
Hahahaha!.....hahahaha! Please,  sure, whatever you say bro!
You haven't accomplished anything you promised in six months. What makes you think THIS is the week you might start actually doing something
Walls paid by Mexico: 0
Swamps drained: 0
Clintons jailed: 0
Healthcare reforms: 0
Tax reforms: 0
Golf trips: 37

@rmaggie040  KEEP TELLING YOURSELF THAT.
Yes, shortly you will be in charge of NEITHER of those--nor will you be in office. You'll be lucky to be alive & so would GOP.
Like you've done so much already.
Stop golfing, and start working!
Yea but will it be anything good?
have a safe flight! call me when you get back!
no, not with you.
Trump Translator: Left resort. Going back to work, I guess. Wondering what new lies I can come up with... Maybe that'll keep me entertained.
I hope you will provide aid and relief to Yemen, and call the Saudis to demand an end to their bombing campaign. I am praying for you.
It's Thursday night & all I can see that you've accomplished is asking if you can pardon yourself. And golf. PATHETIC. #BigFatFail.
I am interested in this! I am a vet with a special needs son! Working on how to receive a retirement! Our leaders will just not commit!
I'm sorry, I can't even read your Twitter bs any longer - delete your account.
Thank you and God Bless you, sir!
We appreciate all u do! Please label Muslim brotherhood, Antifa & BLM Terrorist groups.
ROFL
You've done nothing except play golf. Pardon yourself and leave.
Accomplishing something? That would be a switch. Won't happen.
Heading back to school. Lots of games, tag and forts!
Couldn't of you just of had the flight redirected to Moscow? You would be so much happier there. We would feel better too.
Finally gonna start doing your job?
Also sign executive order to put all Congress on Obamacare.
Outstanding...I feel more confident in the future of this country than I have in years...9 years to be exact.
You need some one to start throwing shit around like the Dem's are doing, do not play clean with them.
That is very optimistic thinking. Take into account that EVERYTHING you do affects the citizens of this country. Stop embarrassing us!
It's Thursday and you've accomplished absofuckinloutely nothing. #STUPIDPRESIDENT #CANTGETRIGHT
Now its the end of the week. Nothing has been accomplished. Sad face.

