Thank God someone has read the Constitution—you vapid monster.
At this time it should be a ban on all who won't accept the Constitution and our Laws!
Amen, well said. I agree!
The judicial branch doesn't over rule executive branch
Can they be impeached??
Yes, I think they can be removed, especially with their overturned record
Liberal demoncrats dont care one bit how many Americans die, thr just resist a legal president. Shows that they r the real enemys 2 American
It's the LAW, and you are not above it!
At this point I'm as worried about attacks from the American leftists as I am as Islamic extremists
thank god they ruled against it because not everyone from those countries are extremists. you're the only one doing the extremes here.
Preach
Terminate the 9th circuit or split them up.
Like treason isnt enough. Terrorists are now "entitled"
And look at the take over all over Europe.  It is crazy. Don't Americans love America any longer? Built the wall and get the illegals out!
I need you to read this slowly. 
Ok. Ready??
READ.   
THE.   
CONSTITUTION.
You tell them you'll see them in Court! 
Disregard their obstructionism. They stop you through resistance.
No sweat. Some of this going to take a bit of time. They are entrenched, indoctrinated and dangerous, but we'll get them. We are behind you Mr President.
Take it to the Supreme court. Get rid of the 9th circuit court. They are dangerous to our safety. The president has the constitutional right
#9thcircuit is #complicit and reckless. #scotus will fix.
Changing the subject just won't work...
It's time to investigate the judges. Have they been paid off? How can they over rule SCOTUS?
Your travel ban is a message of hate and fear. What are you doing to spread love and tolerance?
it's kinda your job to send em something they can actually not rule against... get to work learning what ya can do
It is muslim judges who are doing this. America is not wise anymore. Liberals are nuts, and would be attacked,FIRST.  USEFUL IDIOTS.
Thank GOD for the 9th Circuit!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Anything happens blood is on their hands!
SUPREME COURT
Appeal to the Supreme Court. Time to limit mediocre judges "powers"
We are behind you 100%!!  But please don't deport Christian Iranians back to Iran.   It would be a death sentence Is this a fact or fake?
Keep fighting!!
Not enough that we know US born citizens who have left and fought for ISIS for years. COMEY said they may return at will if their passport,
EXISTS FOR OUR DESTRUCTION!!!
Courts responsiblity for deaths and hate! They will "smite us at The neck". Dont suppose they plan to massage our necks! ITS A RELIGION THAT
You should know about how dangerous it's becoming. Fools idea of a fool you are
Your r a Fascist, Resident Drumpf.A draft-dodging, unlettered, bloviating sexual predator; collaborator w/the enemy; & obstructor of justice
You can roll right over their order. They can't enforce it. You can do what you want. Enforce your travel ban. TR used the bully pulpit!
9th CIRCUS Court is worthless.
U di know thatwe already vette people coming from tjose countries, and besides, the terrorist whidid damage werent fron the countries u ban
Of course. Those judges have security. Take away their armed guards and watch them change the tune.
Hahahahaaaaaaa! Idiot.
The agents of darkness shall not succeed in their evil plans against America. Mr President, God will give you victory over all of them.

Right...it is dangerous because YOU are President #dumbasspresident
Predicting that a court will make a ruling based on law is usually a pretty safe bet.
it is a dangerous time! Your in office. #dumptrump
maybe it is your ideas that are wrong!
#MAGA RESIGN!!!
Have never seen a President be so against the Justice system.  Learn to Govern and Lead the Republicans and legislate, stop whining!
Because you are ordering things that are clearly unconstitutional.  A clear sign you are not qualified to be POTUS.
There are three branches of government
omg FAKE JUDGES!  Where will it end?
Heaven be praise we have a sane court to check an insane president!

So what's it going to take for them to pass this?  Something bad to happen here again?  What a shame.
Haha! How can you be this Obtuse?
He doesn't understand big words.  imagine you are speaking to a 3 year old
I gather you read the ruling and saw they ruled purely on statutory grounds? Hire yourself a real attorney.
How many courts have to strike it down before you say, "hmm... maybe the problem is me?"
It's the same court as the last time. A very liberal court.
Except even liberal courts can't make up @Potus' liberal tweets.  #LooseTweetsSinkFleets
I agree he's an idiot with loose lips-but that doesn't make the law unconstitutional.
It does if they determine that his tweets and comments reveal he's using the law to restrict religious freedom.
His tweets reveal his poverty of character but the travel ban is more in line with his stance on the wall.
Also countries where Trump has business interest (but also have terror links) are not included in ban. Definitely a conflict of interest.
No disagreement on those points. I primarily object to the 9th circuit rejection and how it was done. Trump is ridiculous...but so are they.
Mr. President allow us to enter in a valid and honest way
Well as predicted you tweeted yet another nonsensical tweet  once again accusing somebody of being a loser  while you know deep inside that you’re one.
GET RID OF 9TH CIRCUIT COURT!!!
Well, as predicted, the 9th Circuit did it again - Ruled against the TRAVEL BAN at such a dangerous time in the history ...
It's called checks & balances snowflake. Deal with it
Oh yes
The judicial system is politically broken thanks to the past liberal political leadership.
YOU are the danger to our country and its laws. YOU.
They WILL BE BLAMED if anything happens, & then they worry WHY THINGS HAPPEN FROM WHAT THEY WE'RE ABIDING US CITIZEN
We know WHO to blame if anything BAD happens, then they worry about Abiding regular American citizen when they SNAP
"Most dangerous time" because Russia Placed Trump in WH! SAVE AMERICA #IMPEACHTRUMP!!
Not quite darlin
Thank God. Ur racist, neo nazi platfom will never fly!! Hi ho hi ho, out of office u need to go!
Predicted Failure? Then why present a travel ban that's essentially the same? Can't change what you don't acknowledge! #Impeach45 #NutJob
@POTUS do you realize nothing "dangerous" has happened in the US since you came up w/ban? Evidence shows need! Stop wasting  $$! #Impeach45
perhaps you should just start firing activist judges
Dismantle these traitors. Only you can do it
More Americans killed by toddlers with guns...
Danger? 15 of the 9-11 bombers were from Saudi Arabia & now the whole Trump family! You taught your whole family to be Bold-Faced Liars!
Donnie, the world was dangerous before your  presidency & will continue to be dangerous after your impeached! You act like this is all new?
They need A Big Veto drain that swamp
You are the one making this a dangerous time for our country! All the leaders at G20 see you and the USA as a lame duck now.
Off with their heads!
Thirty days isn't long enough anymore. Turn up the time delay for every decision to delay your plans.

America is safer than it ever has been. Your presidency is crumbling, so you're trying to stoke fear to divert from your own failure.
To Protect and Defend. Not Shred and wipe y ass with. Open your eyes before your not allowed to.
keep the Irish out
You wanted it, didn't you
Finally something I agree with you on. You being seated in the White House is such a dangerous time in our history.
@AnestyBuah1 Hi
Yh 
Watsap
BECAUSE OF YOUR hate rhetoric...@realDonaldTrump
Not surprising PresidentLowIQ, but I guess you will never get it.
#PresidentLowIQ
THERE ARE REAL PROBLEMS AND YOU'RE IGNORING THEM BECAUSE YOU FAIL TO ACCEPT PEOPLE OF DIFFERENT COLORS AND CULTURES.
6/26/27 WE WIN!
parinoid jerk. Ha ha tough shit.
As predicted? If you knew they would rule against it, why are you wasting the people's time and money? Inconsiderate and arrogant is why.
Because it's racist and unconstitutional maybe?
You mean your MUSLIM BAN? If you had any understanding of law, you would know WHY. But you don't, do you?
They don't care about us
Constitution it is called the US CONSTITUTION DUH READ IT
So is it now time to admit you are possibly  wrong?
Such an example of judicial over reach in the face of truth and common sense.
why don't you move to another planet
Oppressed nation.
Another loss for your Admin.  How sad.  Ya, 9th Circuit!
obstruction.   they are statistically cap danger. the phony "supreme" court.  administrative judges are fake. Obstruction case ta can win
But only because its illegal. Surprise. You're not God. You can't make law.
President Trump, I would like to be on your advisory board or placed in Any position you need filled with LOYAL payriot! I have Experience
I thought it wasn't a ban.  #resignalready #resist
Well it's discrimination in iTS purest form, so what do you want!  Oh yeah, you left one country out.. Why again???
#TrumpForPrison #LockHimUp
We should not allow people who look like an ass with ears. You'd be deported
It's called upholding constitutional liberties, something you're clearly unfamiliar with
This is horrendous! So the court want USA to mirror Paris/London's terrorist events rather than protecting USA citizens #WhenWillWeLearn
Absolutely 0 reasons to ban THOUSANDS OF HUMAN BEINGS from entering US If you're trying to protect, than try diplomacy/compassion
yaaaaaaa they abide by the constitution.   make us safer take guns away from mentally ill. ban white supremist
Ban? You said that, right??
Keep calling it a ban.
Well here is a perfect solution freeze all imagration till the country is stabilized not discrimination there not one comes in. Once done.
Opps no one comes in. We had it for 40 years before.
Obama wanted the very same thing? These countries have no record of these peeps, no way of vetting and we should just allow them? Seriously
Has nothing to do with religion and everything to do with being able to vet these people.
Why do we need Visa's to travel to other countries? I mean, how is this different?
FIRE THEM,,, MR.PRESIDENT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
These judges are playing Russian roulette with American 
lives!  Can they be fired? Impeached!  Anything.......
They are evil
Lock them up
YES!!!
Your more likely to die getting out of bed. Dangerous!
Replace them. They are all traitors to USA. They are all BO owned.

stupid not to prevent further damage from certain terror locations But you prevent from defective items & food posioning locations:
muslim is the payim of heathendom : where are the terror concentrated countries? why would you not prevent Mr Kahn's son's killers into USA?
The Muslim ban you are trying to push is not going to pass. I believe we so need extreme vetting for ALL coming into this country. How's...
..the plan and strategy coming along for vetting? Maybe focus on that instead of pushing for unconstitutional bans?
Maybe some things could get passed if you stop tweeting about sensitive negotiations.
YOU'RE the danger to the country.  If you had your way, when you leave the White House, there would not be one  blade of grass remaining.
Common sense tells everyone else that you did not include countries which u have businesses in. Conflicts of interests again! Illegal!!!!!!!
We are with you president trump. 9th circuit court should be fired. They're not for our country.
travel ban for you to Hamburg Germany 
Awesome news! You left out Saudi Arabia & included countries that did not "provide" us with terrorists. YOU are the #realDJTerrorist!!
With all that's happened in London this lets you know it's not about the us citizens. It's about undermining ur presidency. We all see it.
That's because it is racist!
Is that the ban that isn't a ban, but then was a ban, but isn't really a ban, and is now a ban again? Can you please buy a noun? #Covfefe
