.@realDonaldTrump Way for them to commit after saying they wouldn't be there tomorrow for health reasons. 
Do you know that there were twice as many people at Obamas inauguration than will be at your? Yes, he was twice as popular
knowing how to give a speech and being popular didn't get the job done
lying won't get the job done either. Trump has the lowest popularity rating of any president....EVER
I don't want somebody who's all talk I want somebody with some action and he is and we are happy now
happy about what. Banning immigration? Where did your ancestors come. Not here unless you're American Indian
I am a republican who voted for you.  I am also a teacher who thinks Betsy DeVos is not a good pick for our schools.
this is wxactly what you get, shes gonna get approved and your career will be destroyed and gutted
fear tactics don't work with me.
she literally wants to gut public schools and has 0 experience with anything school related
if shes approved ur getting a big pay cut on her watch
that doesn't worry me.
ok betsy thinks ur schools dont deserve funding anyways
give it all to charter schools (which do worse) but keep thinking theyre going to help you 
if they don't have proof and just trying to smear they should loose their job
I voted for you and can't wait till your term is up already.
maybe next time, don't vote? You clearly don't know what you're doing.
Everyone has a right to vote. Let me guess you voted for Hillary? Explain to everyone why and who you voted for?
Oh.... And there's the fact that Hillary had experience & WANTED the job. I don't think Trump wanted to win. I think he wanted to run & be Mr. America for a while, lose, then brag about how he would have won the "rigged" if it wasn't for the "voter fraud". In other words, he....
..just wanted to build his brand up to what it was when he had a show. He wasn't being adored by the public anymore, & once a narcissist gets the kind of attention that comes with being famous, they're not giving that up if they can help it. 

The options sucked. She sucked less.
you go trump

Will pray for them!!@
Imagine if everyone had the health care they do. Oh that's what Obama was making possible. Now you're going to trash it.
oh quit with the liberal bs. As a senior my health care has gotten progressively worse over the past 8yrs.
shouldn't you be working on your orange? #oompaloompa
now give back trump his phone
Glad they both have medical insurance. Why do you want to strip 20 million Americans from theirs? TrumpCare kills.
Is there no end to your self promotion? "The Letter?" Really Donald? #LiarInChief #Trump #USA
i thought the same thing.   Even when folks are sick it is about him.
He just can't help himself. He has to make sure you know that he's great.

Saddam was more dignified, he also gave women opportunity
Why don't you go live in Iraq and see?
That almost sounded sincere but  of course u made it about you as always.
even with condolences you can't avoid a "humble brag." Sad.
when you're a narcissist. You can't help yourself
prayers for them as well.
Donnie, did you see the news? President Obama at 60% APPROVAL RATING, your at Disgusting record low of 41%
Thanks for this- this tweet has class. More of this, less of the other stuff, please.
@TeamTrump @DanScavino @GOP A classy beautiful tweet by our new president! Im so very proud of him & to be American again!
lies lies lies.. You dont. Know how to tell the truth.. Taxes under audit.. For a year?.. SAD
My cats poop is smarter than you

"...JUST KIDDING!"
Mr. President-elect, you would do well to emulate Mr. Bush's approach to the presidency (e.g. this thoroughly vetted tweet)
I'd like to see them live so they can be prosecuted.
better excuse than my grandma died. #boycotttheinauguration
silly liberals.  You have no voice no power. Sit back and suck it!
You Are Such A Stand Up Man
Slime ball.
no insults, no threats, no warnings of war, no anarchy? Trump you suck!
make America great again
You only care about rich sick people but not poor sick people.
Not so. I would never vote for Trump.
then why do you follow his tweets? When you care nothing about him?
We care about all the people who are going to suffer and die because he became President.
Start the Twitter part of your administration off right. Make this tweet the sign off for private citizen Donald J. Trump.
President Trump thank you.
praying for their speedy recovery 
.@realDonaldTrump It only matters if high profile people get better I see. Not the 20 million Middle Americans with ACA.
You being President is what made them sick in the first place
.@realDonaldTrump 
So excited to see you sworn in as our 45th POTUS!
Agreed. Last chance to use Medicare, I suppose.
You suck.
I want to buy you this t-shirt I made. It's fitting
Save your money. You'll need it if you get sick.
I fear for those who cannot take care of themselves. I will be fine.
Than you help those who can't, if you think that's what's happening
America is with you!
less than 26%. Most hated potus taking office in historic!
CNN, MSNBC,NPR, Etc, pounded that image into viewers minds 24/7 otherwise he'd be higher than Obama
OMG, how ignorant can one person be? And by ignorant I mean uneducated.
he's yours now, suck it up buttercup  bahaha
Deutschland den Deutschen 
you are an amazing person!
there's something seriously wrong with you
Wish you'd visit him n get ur head checked. You care nothing about us. Agent Orange
they faked it so they didn't have to attend your huge Bigly inauguration.
Assad Trump Putin Orban Gauland Höcke 
@Reince  when the Donald was running, the Bushes wanted their son to run.  His heart wasn't in it.
and not a TRANNY IN SIGHT EXCEPT FOR 
RUDY GIULIANI
Donald Trump. ,,unterstütze die AfD im Wahlkampf 
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/03/new-nokia-3310-is-useless-in-many.html …
@Reince they didn't want to attend your inaugural Trump
Frieden  Herr Donald Trump. Russen Amis

poor Steve Harvey...he got duped too.
This tweet was obviously written by your staff.
True. The insults come from his mobile device.
stop hating let mr.trump have a shot at it the man worked hard for it so jus stop.
thank you for your good wishes.
Yes a speedy recovery to the Bush family.
- Thank you for your example of chivalry, courage, nobility and CLASS! Soar with the eagles, way above the jackals! 
How about speedy recovery without self-promotion?
I am glad they have excellent insurance!!! because the average American cannot AFFORD to go to the hospital for a cough!!!
I wish some people would grow up. President Bush's letter to you is a prime example of leading by example setting.
Get a life!
Same here..Get well soon!!!
you know he could actually get his wife to sleep with him is that your reason for Russian whorls
this is no recovery in your 90's best know Christ
THIS is the kind of tweet that is expected of you. Too bad it was likely written by your staff...
Tomorrow is a great day for you and  USA .God is With you. USA will be great again. Blessings
agreed best to the Bushes.
So narcissistic that you had to include letter comment. You are such a small man.
@DonaldJTrumpJr 

God Bless their strength and courage 
Prayers for them and their loving family
praying for them both
Obama was cool. He got some things done. How cool are you? Cum meet me in Austin!
THIS IS A GREAT MESSAJE FOR YOU TODAY LUCAS 14:15-24 do not miss please! Blessings!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
People make me sick with this shit. Wether he wishes them well or not you jump on him about it.
LIAR!Barbara hates you!
Terrific people .... wish them well
looking forward to you being our President . Can hardly wait to getting our America back
it was a fake news story so that little bush and Laura Dont have to attend the fake inauguration.
Best wishes to President elect soon to be President Donald J Trump ! I know you will be great!
Best Luck in Your Endeavors Mr. President
even this has to be about you? You really are amazing.
Ya very obvious you didn't write this tweet. But great that your calling out the other bad prez who we all hated #shoe
*Make post pretending to care.  Try to avoid making it about me again.  Ha,ha, JK."
class move !! Thx Mr Trump
don't listen to the haters Mr. PRESIDENT.  They'll see soon enough, we made the right choice!
Bet George is saying please save me your sympathy go to Russia and get another hotel room
your presidency has left George HW, Barbara & democracy in the ICU.  #RESISTANCE
--SHE CAN'T STAND YOU AND YOU KNOW IT ---
;)
We are ready for tomorrow and I know you will be GREAT!!!
Did he write u a new 1 from his hospital bed or are u bringing up the 1 he wrote a couple months ago? Narcissist!
it always has to be about Donald.
nice to see  people at all levels showing love and respect
@realDonaldTrump  You look great;  super happy and optimistic!! all the best for tomorrow and in your presidency.! hugs from Buenos Aires.
Attention/drama u need n want so badly, here's the big moment when u can further bull shit w/fall promises n want love....
Good job Donald, finally something positive! Keep the kindness coming <3 Rachel

tacky.
You need to write a personal letter to former President Bush thanking him for his support. Tweeting not appropriate.
George and Barbara Bush First Class American Citizens
Dont worry the illuminati take care of their own. They will recover quickly. How long before you join the illuminati man?
I agree!!! That was nice of you. Shocking!!!
so this is twitter, a real disappointment having to read all the garbage
you couldn't put ur tweet down and WRITE a note? Show some class
You have my family's support.
I would love to be your social media manager @realDonaldTrump
trump and bush, exactly what is wrong with this country, don't pay taxes but ready to send people to war, corporate welfare
there you go again, Making America Sick Again... so, who did you pee on today? Golden Showers!
Prayers
turns out they sent two letters. FU

why would they send a ltr when they didn't vote for you? They voted for the legitimate president, not you. #Illegitimate
see donald, THAT'S how you tweet like a prez. Please keep it up....PLEASE.
h.w. ?
I doubt, gushy cretin. george herbert walker after all
had the pride to reject donations i.e. from nazis and the kkk
you should go visit them!!! #classy
probably sick of the thought of you in the WH
They don't like you, but that is how kind a gracious they are. They sent you a letter wishing you well. Learn from it!!!!
hypocrite. you did anything and said anything to win. loser.http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/donald-trump-doubles-attacks-bush-family/story?id=36929048 …
just a reminder...they hate you and didn't vote for you. Ya know, like most Americans.
First he insults then he praises-sounds like a pimp or an abusive husband. We'll all have Stockholm syndrome in 4 years!
انا من ليبيا .لمادا التحامل  ضد العرق الابيض فى العالم..والتعاطف المفرض مع السود خاصة..
Mr Trump tomorrow will be the very important day in your life.congratulations in Advance
They don't like you!
thanks SO much for your generous service to the USA!! We are so proud of you!
It made them sick to think of you in the White House.
Dafuq? Can you ever say anything and not make it the fuck about you? Is it possible? Jesus
thank you for the letter...really...always about you eh
You the man God Bless you
they don't like you
looking forward to Donald Trump becoming our President. God bless you and your family, Mr President.
looks like people are going to great lengths to get out of going to your little party, Donald.
praying for George & Barbara Bush.
yes, get well wishes for the both of them.  Looking forward to tomorrow... The Red, White and Blue is back!!!!!!!!!!;
May God Bless you and your wonderful family.
@cadillacman1961 I saw the letter! G.H.W. Bush sounded sincere!
you suck !!! You are not my president 
I'd like to direct your attention to brietbart to the article on them both being hospitalized...go to comments read all by
from a supporter maybe a "God bless them, and keep them, may his face shine upon them" & a thank you for offering you love
thankful he dont have obamercare ..if he did he would not have made it ...unafordable unuseable
is this the George Bush who called you completely incompetent and unfit for office? He was right.
I pray for the Bush family to confess their sins & rest their souls.
Honor this position of power by giving the country back to its people. Be a great leader by being a great servant.
a very under rated president.  Please stop black lives matter.
the Bushes have class. They were very gracious to the Obamas and their transition.  I hope they both have a speedy recovery
All about you, Donny?
always about you. Just couldn't say get better soon. Have to throw bullsh*t in to look like your a big shot.
@TeamTrumpAZ This is EXACTLY what killed my mother over 36 days hospitalized.  I hope President Bush will make it through.
We are so blessed for YOU.  I have been following you on SM for years, we need our country back.  You are a class act.  TY
wishing you the very best. My thoughts will be with you Love Red Tie
they both went to the hospital so they didn't have to put up w you.
They'd do anything to get out of coming to see the worst mistake in American history.
The World remains grateful to this 1st Family for their dedication to God n' Country SO get well George Barb, Big League!!!
If you want to bring the country together n learn how to treat people equal get in touch wit me , we can talk
Beware those Communist Globalist Killers! Let them ROT in that hospital!
They hate you, remember? The didn't even vote for you. Is there anything you won't lie about?
