33% of the USA!
#FakePOLLS Like POLLS told U SAPS #KILLARY had 98% chance of beating our @POTUSso WE DUPED all U Snowflake Morons! We're doing it again now
I don't think you understand how odds work.
So yes they were right.

7mill fraud registered in ok,ks,neb you show ID to vote in kansas, where is the suppression?Dems lose here
Deregulation will drive people closer as the water levels rise and coastal cities are permanently flooded.
they would tell you to plant trees, but how could they get rich from that ?
Please elaborate.
reforestation would repair carbon problem, but India wants $3 trillion from us that Obama promised in Paris
everyone makes  $ on the deal except us,tax payers pay the bill,Gore gets nothing if people plant trees,
Better no profit and a world to live in than a few bucks in a dead world.
I can make a computer model that shows anything I want,don't let them make you a sucker,it's called weather
Jesus, Grandpa. Just go watch Antique Roadshow and give us all a break.
Please remember you work for all of US!
#FakePOTUS
#Trump
The more you talk the better "lying little Donnie".
Except when you are and your loved ones are behind bars.
Did General Kelly change your diaper yet
Did you see Obama now has his own national holiday?  Yours is coming - Trump impeachment day.
Just leaving this here...  #fail
Every time you tweet this stuff this is what I see.
how's the investigation going?
You act like you're scared about what mueller is finding!
You're an embarrassment to this country!
Please get rid of Robert Mueller #DrainTheSewer  please prosecute @HillaryClinton  #LockHerUp !

Keep up the good work! FYI most of your base is silent cause we are busy working all the jobs you brought home. Remember that
Trump  Russia  Kushner  Manafort

When we get caught lying about colluding we''ll say Fake News and blame anyone else for our Actions.
The poor losers don't know how to react


The tRump BASE is 17% of the Country.  You love the uneducated, they love you right back. The phrase Stupid is As Stupid Does comes to mind
Thank you for being the first true American leader since Abraham Lincoln
Remember those jobs that Obama said weren't coming back?

Yeah, President Trump is bringing them back. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
God Bless YOUThank YOU YOUR Integrity PresidentAmericaWe Will Rise Up When YOU CallAmerica Stands With YOU Till the End 2024
Must have been one hell of a dream last night. Here's the reality.. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump ...
Toot, toot, there u go tooting ur own horn again... really, dude?! TRY to go and do some presidential stuff PLEASE! #embarrassment
Russia.
Your taxes.
Collusion.
Nothing to see here, @realdonaldtrump.
Keep lying & distracting.
Mueller & a grand jury will NEVER catch you!
You're right... nothing to see here
Your mom didn't love you, did she?
https://www.instagram.com/p/BXbUQu3gxrl/ 
TRUE, 33% base may never change.  Those simpletons CHOOSE to remain IGNORANT.  SAD for them.  #MAGA #25thAmendmentNow Court pick STOLEN.
Yes, you and your 33%.  Wow, that's bigly!
33% record breaking low approval rating
It's amazing how hiring General Kelly has eliminated your twitter tirades!  Is he running the country now?
You are as fit to be President as Chris Christie is to climb Mount Everest w/ a 40 pound bag of hoagies over his shoulder!
And your family is as fit to be in the White House as the typical criminal mind http://ir.net/news/politics/126572/report-ivanka-don-jr-eric-implicated-ny-money-laundering-investigation/ …
Let's just get on with Impeachment already so we can respect the Constitution
You are the bitter enemy of The US Constitution
Thank goodness the Constitution requires Senate confirmation for the President's appointments. Otherwise we'd have Nicole Minceys everywhere
How about a rally in New England or California?  But you're too chickenshit to even attempt it.
Mr. President. The only thing standing between you and a faster execution of MAGA agenda is the swamp. It is imperative to #DrainTheSwamp.
Why did it take you 31 minutes to complete a paragraph? Meetings and calls, or using your portable putting green between tweets?
Haven't you got another wedding to crash?
You have the same level of support that Richard Nixon had when he resigned because he was about to be impeached. #ProudTrump
33% !!!!
Mr. 33% Thinks his base is sticking together??? LOL!!!!
Guess you'll see during reelection time.  Keep believeing those polls.  You know, the same ones that said you'd have a Hillary President
No word on the tornados or massive flooding this weekend keep moving on your deregulation and killing the climate great job
what is that again lol 33% oh please worst in history!Just do us all a favor resign!Doesn't matter GOP or Demo You're Awful
Mr Kelly home sick today or is he not allowed into the tweet chamber AKA shitter with you.

This means 46% aren't embarrassed by him. That's astounding. How many idiots are there in America?
You are really stupid if you think deregulation appeals to the avg Americans ear. It's code for rich getting richer and no consequences.
If America is strong the whole world benefits. Thanks Americans for voting Donald Trump! Love and gratitude from BrazilMAGA
É Estados unidos poha, América é o nome do continente
Vai lavar uma vasilha
...forced real jello to coalesce into its perfect structure.
Trump...help the average Joe out, we need you to change how our criminal records are shown, it should SHOW what you are found guilty of only
Yes it will
again, people DON'T change once they're in the White House (August 7, 2017; 7:09 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Remember when Trump & his supporters celebrated the appointment of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court?

Gorsuch sides with liberals, rules against Trump on deportation law

#Deportation #ACCA http://hill.cm/KDirAf7 
,...so he will pick people who REINFORCE/REFLECT this "white supremacist" mindset (August 7, 2017; 7:09 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
NEIL GORSUCH (GRRR), JEFF SESSIONS, etc. (August 7, 2017; 7:09 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
The Donald Trump image is good for you
SCOTUS pick (most likely) ALSO A WHITE SUPREMACIST: NEIL GORSUCH (August 7, 2017; 7:09 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Rallies are good reminders. So positive.
Look what dereg has done in Texas.No Community Right-To-Know. Dont you want to know what's in chem plants as they explode.
... Supreme Court pick, economic enthusiasm, deregulation &amp; so much more have driven the Trump base even closer toge...
While destroying our democracy.
was HATEFUL b4 white house & WILL CONTINUE 2 BE THAT WAY (August 7, 2017; 7:09 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
m'
so, his "both sides" comment REINFORCED his WHITE SUPREMACIST status (August 7, 2017; 7:09 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
You are without a doubt the best thing that has happened to America in years. Liberals are powerless. No plan. No money. No ideas. Hate all.
Amen! Praise GOD!!
What is left of your base. Keep it up you may make history as 1st president with approval polls in the negative! #TheResistanceBackAround
All 200 of you....
The rest of us don't like you.
Lies that are repeated over and over again...do not become truths. I used to think you needed professional help...but you're too far gone.
Straight to the rubber room.
RIGHT. HE will "never change" (August 7, 2017; 7:09 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Mitch McConnell stole a Scouts for you, and will be going down with you. Then we impeach Gorsuch
You DIMMS are so triggered & unhinged! Totally DELUSIONAL!
It's such FUN TO WATCH. #MAGA #MASA #A1st #DRAINtheSWAMP #TRUMPLICAN 3rd Party 
Aw look a bot is trying to speak. <eyeroll >
Mr. President, why do you think getting a Supreme Court nominee confirmed is some sort of accomplishment?
If the Republicans hadn't changed the rules, that wouldn't have happened
AMEN !!!!!
Do not talk to me about Trump until we see Obama,Holder , Abedin ,Podesta , Polosi ,Waters,Schumer,Lynch the winch  ,and Hillary, jailed
You are a DYNAMO! More Americans you than you know ~ bc the Elitis Corrupt Media LIES about your popularity like they did Campaign POLLS!
Yup you and 33% of the country; nice.
You're wearing number 33 in your profile picture. You must love Trump
Got me. Switching to 45 next year anyway
Another great way to honor the 45th president of the United States!
Yea, figured he needs all the honor he can get right now
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/eric-trump-charity_us_593b2076e4b0c5a35c9fa069 … IT WILL BE NICE TO HAVE THE ENTIRE FAMILY IN JAIL
You cannot take credit for stealing #MerrickGarland's SCOTUS seat. That was the dishonest, partisan maneuvering of @SenateMajLdr.
That's what so sad about you, your sycophants, and your ill-informed legions. Too uninformed to know you're uninformed.
Polling at 33% ?? What the actual f$ck? My dog would do better in the polls!
you've had 6 months and done nothing, lets see how well your actions have impacted ummerica in 18mths.
The only thing you succeeded in so far is signing a lot of papers. That's something your 9-year-old friend Dylan could have done too.
Will throw a big party the day they impeach him
Until you fire someone from your base.  LMAO
There are always crowbars


Mr. President send a message to the GOP who's boss! You need to change leadership in congress and the Senate the GOP is a joke
Thank God for #short attention spans #Trump base funding losing momentum #2020

Never stop!!! We LOVE you!!!!!
Did you even look outside your conventions?  There were more protesters outside the buildings than your supporters inside. 

Your fake news
70% My President.
i doubt you'll change. that's why you very likely will be impeached.
... Supreme Court pick, economic enthusiasm, deregulation & so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together. Will never change!
Must have been the Gorsuch pick that lit up the economy!
good to hear all 62 of them could get together and support you. Be proud.
Such sad rally attempt
#theresistance #resist #impeach #NotMyPresident #NeverTrump #DumpTrump #alternativefacts
By 'closer together' I assume you mean 'huddled in obscurity.'
The Trump base is fueled by the mutual lack of intelligence of you and them. I mean have u talked to any of them? Yikes
So this must be Opposite Day!
We are with you all the way! 
#MAGA 
Unless their loyalty is paid back in concrete value, Trump supporters will abandon Trump like any other two-bit con artist politician.
All u have done is sign executive orders. U couldn't even get the GOP healthcare to pass ! Ur Muslim ban is a failure. LOSER PRESIDENT 

Your 'base' is faltering. Confusion in t/WH, lies by the one who is supposed to be the 'best president' ever? Bunk. You're gonna get caught.
Trump base is a joke whatcha do in the dark always, always comes back to bite you in the ass
Hello Mr. President!  What an honor to be able to send you this tweet! Very happy you are in charge at this point in time! Thank you!

I certainly believe you will never change. Elderly swamprats rarely do. You will never manufacture in America, either, will you?
Failed, Wall, failed health care, can't get anything done, Don the Con.
Closer together because that is what SHRINKAGE does
It's good to gather the trash before you throw it out.
That's what you're going with? Lol SAD!
My guess is that you are not really listening to your base when you are out there.  Mostly they are saying "hold my beer & WTF is he doing?
The trump base is 33-40% of the country. What about the majority that thinks, is patriotic, and knows the truth?
News flash Donnie: tweets don't count as legislation and accomplishments in office. #FakePresident #childinoffice #idiotincharge
What about the farmers suffering because of the TPP dump?  What are they going to do with the extra produce if they can't export it?
You already changed from Democrat to Republican. Never say never. Thrice.
You will never win! Especially the popular vote! You have yet to solve any major campaign promises. So sad #sad#loser#trumpcantMAGA
picking a supreme court justice (stolen!) is hardly an accomplishment!  economy is obama to thank, and deregulation is a disaster. fail!
Seems to be changing in coal country. I no longer here anyone talk about how great you are. Heck here I think your approval rating is 10 %
Let's talk about deregulation for elderly in nursing homes that get abused by staff and now they have no recourse to get justice. #Terrible
Soon you will fit them all in Union Station!
Maybe not BUT WE WHO DONT SUPPORT WILL CHANGE THE NEXT OUTCOME! COUNT ON IT!
Driven you closer to the edge of impeachment or imprisonment. #orangeistheneworange #youaresuchajerk #resign
Hey here's a thought: YOUR PRESIDENT OF AMERICA. There's more people than your base here
Lol
Your base is moving away from you they realized you're nut case
Inbreeding is the norm for your base Comrade.
Well, they have more room, getting smaller and all...
Amen to that! This is NOT fake news. Love you, POTUS!
Change or disintegrate
Species that fail to evolve eventually die out.
There is hope.
not your alternative fact driven truth! Give it a rest!
30% is a very small minority the great majority is not happy with what you have done when you are not golfing or tweeting
Racism, sexism, homophobia and greed are the glue that holds your base together.
Silly clown has 8 years of throwing random words to look forward to. #MAGA
AHAHAHAHA
You are one sick dude.  Seek mental health help immediately, b/c your brain circuitry is off, dude, like, by a LOT. Get Help Now.
https://youtu.be/OjACBYvKeSs 
Yup, you a big, big winner because you keep telling us so. Truth? Loser.
Damn
Your parole officer will be glad to hear it 
You had to use 30 million fake twitter followers to make yourself seem important -- you have to cheat to make yourself important ...

It will never change, Boss. We've been waiting to long - and you're our last chance. America hangs in the balance. #MAGA #AmericaFirst
pedo
33% approval rating, lowest in United States history!
please please try your best to lock up Loretta Lynch, Comey, rice, Clinton, Shultz, and Obama
GO TRUMP WE LOVE YA DUDE!
And a lousy pick at that. You've done nothing else other than attempting to take action to destroy America.

Oh, it's changing. You're going down, bud. You're so embarrassingly desperate.
Wow!!! in the heart O.O
DON'T BET ON IT! YOUR NUMBERS CONTINUE TO DROP!!
You picked who Rebecca Mercer told you to pick..and filled a stollen Justice seat.
It will when all the info comes out on how you tried to sellout America for your own gain.
Those weren't major wins. They were small compared with Obama's achievements. You LOSE.
You keep repeating the same BULLSHIT like a grampa with ALZHEIMER!!!
Deregulation enables monopolies, hurts consumers and the environment and KILLS jobs.  And your base is starting to turn on you.
"base" is such an absurdly appropriate word to describe your followers. #DonTheCon
Your bigoted, racist base was there long before you. KKK, Skin Heads, Nazi's..etc. Again you CREATED nothing just played on existing fears.
@realDonaldTrump Yes. That is indeed your problem. #Clown
And that's a...good....thing?!!
Oh, Donald: S.U.: shut up!!!
YUCK!

It's a definite revolution against the evil & corrupt deep state!
You are the #WorsePOTUSEver. All you do is sit on your throne and tell one lie after another. What happen to being President to ALL people?
Your base is small.
As small as his hands
