THANK YOU MR. TRUMP FOR YOUR HARD WORK
THE REAL PATRIOTS IN AMERICA LOVE YOU
#MAGA
THANK YOU FOR RETWEEING ME MR. PRESIDENT!
THE MEDIA HAS BEEN EXPOSED FOR LYING MULTIPLE TIMES WITH STAGGERING EVIDENCE THE PAST COUPLE OF DAYS
CNN CAN RUN BUT THEY CAN'T HIDE FROM THE TRUTH ABOUT THEIR LIES
What lies? You dolts took van jones quotes out of context and go see see look see lol also CNN fired journalists for reporting falsely
@DonaldJTrumpJr  - OMG, Stop it. All of you!!!
How about being a grown up for once
You are so ignorant and you need a Nanny so you have the constant attention you so badly seek. Pitiful 4 yr old. No wonder the wifey went
Over look the libtards Mr. President, their stupid can't be fixed!!
I'm sure Mika's IQ is higher than yours!
WTF are you trying to say? You don't even know how to be an adult let alone POTUS #NotMyPresident
Trump's beloved Fox News crushes MSNBC and CNN combined in the cable news plastic surgery challenge.
A. Unstable Trump shouldn't call anybody else "crazy" or "psycho."

B. Colors himself orange, has cartoonish hairdo. Should he judge looks?
Morning Joe,  MSNBC surging in ratings bc of how much people hate Trump. If he says "poorly rated" or "failing" it means you are killing it.
Hahahahahaha did you get Trumped on you big baby!! HahahahahahahHa
Grow up!  You're President for Pete's sake.  Act like it!
your a child
Macron's hot
Stop!
Each day you set a new, embarrassing low. Those who died for the dignity and sovereignty of our nation weep.
You're an embarrassment and will never be a real leader
Not so glad to see the whiner in charge upset about a bad story bright and early in the morning. Crotchety old fool spews hate too often.
I've lost faith that you'd stop this a focus on our country in the AM instead of your vanity
Is today the day... You release your tax returns? And then go to jail!
Please, please, please stop the insults!
My IQ is higher than yours, that I can be certain of.  My IQ is 146
His is 157
You have an AWFUL lot of time to watch talk shows and tweet. Do you have time left to President?
Everyone hates you more and more each day, good luck lasting 4 years when you lose all your supporters.
So the media can blast Trump with unending, false accusations, but when he tries to call their BS he is in the wrong?! 1st amendment anyone?
Do you have any idea how little sense you make???? Do us all a favor & resign now!!!
Trump we support you bigtime god bless

s
It worries me that we have a President who uses such words as 'Psycho' 
You're a real class act. Said no one. Ever.
They are as Out of Touch with America... as JOE's  ATTEMPT at SINGING IS TO TALENT..
You're a Prissy Prussy' Trump boy
Do your job! Stop attacking people who disagree with you, this is a sad & pathetic tweet.
#NiceTryTrump
You really want to start comparing IQ's with people? 
Wouldn't go there if I were you...
#NiceTryTrump
Major risk to be fired for the computer delivering to D. T. His IQ results. And his team will present the left side of Gauss as fake news
Potus ranting on media! O yeah fuck global warming. There are more substantive issues here at stake; confronting media!!!!!
When widdle-donny insults and name-calls, he is confessing to his own defects
Dunning-Kruger effect people like dt deluded they are smart.
News Flash: Most of the world speaks badly of you.

So he can read a crafted speech off a teleprompter, BFD.
English, Donny. DO YOU SPEAK IT?
Donald, don't you have a job to do? Do you really think that tweeting like a crazy whackjob is improving the quality of life in the USA?
Are the TV morning shows more important than the fact that #TrumpCare will kill tens of thousands of Americans to give the rich tax cuts?
Instead of worrying about TV show ratings, worry about how you are destroying America's reputation across the globe (well, except in Russia)
The left is destroying America and its reputation
The left is responsible for electing @realDonaldTrump which has destroyed America's reputation? Really?

You just proved you don't have any common sense 
That is exactly right.
Seriously, as an Obama voter , long time Democrat voter I’ve watched the left drag this country into a ditch.
The media and higher learning have been captured by the far left .
I voted for Trump, I love what he’s doing and it’s not what you portray at all .
You're delusional. Obama saved the USA.

The media and higher learning are "left" because they believe in fact-based reality. Being right-wing means you have to beieve in provable lies about science, economics, religion etc, As you do. Most of us won't do that.
Looks Jack , I respect your opinions and feelings but here in Ca.
I’ve seen first hand what modern Liberal policies have bought us.
We are overcrowded with illegals , and working poor .
In 50 yrs we have quadrupled population and are teetering on bankruptcy.
You live in the house where Lincoln slept.
So terrifying! It's as if Jeffrey Dahmer lives there now
The two extremes - from Honest Abe to Lying Donnie.
And JFK, and Teddy R. I wonder if it drives him crazy that he lives in the same house that Hilary and Obama did.
I picture those great men haunting the crap out of Trump all night long, pushing him right to the edge of insanity & then the sun comes 1/2
..up and we get these really deranged tweets. I'd feel bad for him 'cept I can't 'cause he's so mean to people. Haunt on FDR, Lincoln et al!
That's a great premise for a movie! I wish I could have a front row seat to see if this is real or all a distracting ruse.
It could be called 'Ghost Hunt'!
I am embarassed you are my President right now. 

Sincerely, 

Everyone in the United States
You don't speak for me I love President Trump. He is trying to do a job. The media is should be accountable. Get out of your echo chamber
I not only speak for you...but I will TREAD ALL OVER YOU.
You do not speak for me . MY candidate won. The POTUS is Donald Trump.
I SPEAK FOR YOU cause you have NO VOICE and no one pays attention to you.  Hence this discussion where you talk to me for attention
As far as I'm concerned you are a no body, with nothing, and you will never speak for me.
Barbara, if you don't see that there is something seriously wrong with the President, then you should also seek mental help. Very concerned.
Here is ur predator  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dzgEQDYDEic …
Tell closet biker chick to not speak for you. We know dang well what you meant when you said you “would run in there armed or not.”To hear that as a father I was almost proud, But she blew it for you. Badly. She turned you into the coward. I would hope any father would go in.
Kick out CA from the Union
...jeez  the language  of our Potus
continues like this.  No wonder his ratings are so low
Low? The Rasmussen Reports daily Presidential Tracking Poll for Wednesday  shows that 47% of Likely U.S. Voters approve of President Trump’s job  performance. Suck on it Soyboy
The reporter is not trying to find the truth. He is trying to humiliating the daughter. For me Mika is a bad person for sure. Mika was definitely a high school bully so he can use the dirty tricks that high schooler used so well. Good job Mika.
@FLOTUS perhaps start with your husband? ....
Mr. President, you'll have my support to continue building the wall up the eastern border of California! Thank you for all you sacrifice to MAGA!
A Lot Of Low Brained Commenters Here.  Low IQ's
You're the essence of rude, the ground zero of inappropriate, and you have the nerve to bray about MIchelle Wolf.  Just look at this virtually insane vomit in your tweet!.  SAD, BAD, AND MAD (as in crazy).
How come low IQ Trump is president?  Sad!
You don't watch anymore because @Morning_Joe realise that they were conned by you too. So now they try to speak truth to power about you. As Maya Angelou says "When you know better, you do better".
Very poor response from our  so called President.
Foster Child Program
Just because your I.Q. is low doesn't mean you have to project that on others.
As poorly-rated as ur illegitimate presidency? U bought election, cheated. Game same as life, or change rules
Weak people revenge. Strong people forgive. Intelligent people ignore. - Albert Einstein
tbh this makes me want to start watching morning joe
My point exactly ,you are a bully and unfit to be president .A habitual liar and delusional person who acts like a baby #impeachmentcoming
Mika's IQ is higher than both yours and your wifes put together.  Joe should slap you silly
Remember when you raged against a former wife and pulled her by the hair cause you were in so much pain from scalp surgery for baldness? Sad

#loser45
Traitor. Go home to Russia

@realDonaldTrump @Morning_Joe
Jobs, Infrastructure, Healthcare, North Korean, Syria, Afghanistan - nothing. So what is POTUS doing? Tweeting insults at TV personalities.
But all the winning... biggley winning...everybody is saying... great... winning... Trump and winning ANOTHER OXYMORON 
You don't watch it because you can't understand any of the "HUGE" words they use. #privateschooleducation at it's best #youareanidiot
Seriously, I have no love for the idiots at MSNBC, CNN, etc, but no need to lower yourself to their level.
I can't watch CNN, MSNBC, and public networks except for FOX who are fair and balanced ! FOX uncovers lies@realDonaldTrump @Morning_Joe


@madeleine:" As an immigrant offended by the travel ban's cruelty &....by its ignorance". https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/8mtjmHu9xPA … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/MjFNGikKt7L …
So You given people I.Q test too. ALL dam I wish we would've given you 1
Morning Joe are not journalist they belong on The View. Don't dish it out if you can't take it Mika and Joe.
:he growled while showing teeth: it's a great show!! :snaps at him: u don't know what TV is :growls more:
Please stop acting like a high school girl with aspirations to become a mob boss
The inability to control your emotions is a sign of mental illness. Being a pathological liar is a sign of mental illness. You are sick!
You're taking time out of your day to specifically insult some people who said something you don't like. You have some SERIOUS issues.
MR. TRUMP, you have become a laughing stock of the world! EVERYONE is making fun of you as you are a complete JOKE!
Look at all the loser libs in here crying STILL! L FOR LOSER!
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @nytimes
@FordhamNYC said You had merely "respectable" grades at Fordham #JesuitEducated #IQTestBattle #morongate
Both are Potty mouths with flushed brain matter.
GO TRUMP
#25thAmendment
Poorly rated....? Have you looked at your own poll numbers? Embarrassing!!!!
Fake President!
Mr president. Your enemies are not worth the slap across the face. Ignore then I DO. its easy...they are ...
@FoxNews can we have an election do over?
http://www.thecommonsenseshow.com/2017/06/23/household-names-arrested-in-hollywood-child-sex-trafficking-bust/ …
You are such a coward why are you always attacking women
Don't watch any more either @potus @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MASA #TrumpTrain #DTS #LockHerUp #BuildTheWall
Really....really???!
Not a Presidental comment.
Hey Donald, try for a moment to be mature and responsible.
@Policy "Hateful conduct" repeated and/or non-consensual slurs, epithets, racist and sexist tropes, or other content that degrades someone
Shifting the conversation away from Russia, and back to Trump, well done. But we will not go silently into the night RUSSIA , we will not
George Washington would come out of his grave to kick you out of the WH.
Where are the results of your I.Q. Test?
The President is a total disgrace to the American people. Someone in the WH please, take away his phone...Enough is enough !
Mr.President,please do en say it in your way like a businessman.
Did you read http://www.stgeerstelijnsklinieken.nl  ; primary clinics.
HUAC
Deflecting from ridiculous money grab at "campaign fundraiser" @realDonaldTrump own hotel. #fraud #Conald #fuckfacevonclownstick
Patriots will claim your presidency. Keep tweeting.
What are you, five? Jesus Christ, you're an embarrassment. The most ridiculous failure ever in office. I'm appalled.
#25thAmmendmentNow #ImpeachTrump #RussiaHacking #Russiagate #ResistTrump #DumpTrump #amendment25
Hey, you can relate to bad ratings. Right, Donald?
Why does that idiot Trump think he's smart when he can barely put two correct English sentences together?
If she were low IQ, she'd be on the Trump Train like the rest of them. 
Don't lie, you watch it religiously.
To both of them the Answer is Simple You are our President But if each "ENVY People DONATE" a dollar there will not be poor ppl in the world
Nope trumpo he spoke the truth about you ! You are a nut case
How can anybody speak well of you?
You keep speaking about yourself: Low #Intelligence, #Crazy and #Psycho Donald Trump
I guess if you can't beat him join him
The "Trump Bump" calling someone
else crazy? Has he heard "I'm looking at the man in the mirror"? - M.Jackson
That's such a red herring. Seriously, #DoYourJob
Fuck Trump
These are hateful attention seekers. They need to make outrageous comments and sensationalize fake news. They are lost and pitiful. Sad!
Watch @maddow instead


I will continue because They r the only ones who tell the TRUTH! U can't so again try to blame ur behavior on others! U r a sick man
Morning Joe in second place total viewers against other cable news programs in the 6 a.m. to 9 a.m. time slot
Don't stop Mr. President!   We love you and support you  A lot of spineless dumb " Gringos" can't see the great leader you are.
Your constant attack on journalists, especially women journalists is unprofessional and shows your impulsiveness. That's not leadership.
You are such a low life!!!  What an embarrassment to civility.  Rather than raise the bar you lower it to new depths.  Sad.
Good job, Mr. President. Keep tweeting and making America great again. You make it look so easy. You rock! The libtards keep whining. Lol.
You are so http://petty.You  should be  busy being a President and working on making America great again ,u prefer berating ppl.
We LOVE you Mr President!  #beepbeep
Resigning from presidency will "MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN"! Save the USA! LEAVE OFFICE NOW! Ur filled with hatred,bigotry & r EVIL 2YOURCORE!
Refer to a tweet not long ago lol
Take no shit from no one that's why I voted for you MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN THANK YOU
Again keep tweeting. Now it looks like you and your admin blackmailed them. Wow. This might be all we need for articles of impeachment.
How's Yhe First Hooker's campaign promise to fight cyber-bullying coming along, Mr. "Ifshewasn'tmydaughterperhapsidbedatingher?"
Mr President, drop this, it is below you, let it go, don't waste your time,

You have a low I.Q.
How come you are President of the United States yet, you sound like a looser ?
I heard your poorly rated Presidency is currently a global laughing stock. So how come low IQ DonaldJr & Eric, along with wimpy Jared came..
actually look at what Trump writes! A president calling someone a psycho! #isthisreallife
Using words that offend the mental health community #psycho #crazy #lowIQ is a real classy move. Nice work denigrating them #noclass
The Liberal Left and fake media are down for the count.  Yahoo! Uh, Sorry Mr President, should have said..MARVELOUS. Thanks. We got ya back!
Go Republicans. Your POTUS is good with God ....pffft
One thing #fakepresident know about is poor ratings. #resign #clown
Every day since this ignorant jackass was elected has been sad day 4 America. Tweets r all he's qualified 4.
I hope they keep it up, they tell the truth . You the one who tells the freaking lies
There is also too much one with the low IQ value of the dark radical thought in Japan! It's Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe!
be stong minded enough not to be influenced by negative or fake news into making angry bird tweets.
Your a pysco Trump! We have your tweets to prove it. Keep em coming because we love it when you lie and call ppl pysco. It's funny shit! NOT

Why do women scare you @realDonaldTrump real?
Best President Ever! EVER! Thank You President Donald J. Trump For Standing Up For America! Ignore those Foolish naysayers. Let US #MAGA! 
You have absolutely no dignity. I STILL can't believe your the president. It's an embarrassment to our Nation.
Shouldn't POTUS have bigger and more important things to concern himself with
# Fake President Trump!
ha ha. Are you sure the facelift was the only thing bleeding?
I CANNOT TELL A LIE!--GOTTA TELL IT HOW IT IS!
Came 2 the wrong place.  They were just confused. Thought it was gonna be a date-night to watch a Weinstein movie & preceding eagerly-anticipated mouse cartoon.  That’s all.  Not worth a 2nd thought.
@jeffsessions
My God you are ghetto. Nothing but trash. Our most woefully regretful mistake.
