Texas and Florida are paying for voting for TRUMP
Um, the whole country voted unanimously against Hillary. 
Not true. 3mm more@VOTES for Hillary. Trump won electoral vote. Not the same  as unanimously!!
LOL, that's just fake newz. Trump won by landslides across the entire country. He'll win again as well, no matter who runs against him.
You are seriously delusional
Don't believe me? Just ask your non-specialty group friends who they voted for. If they're honest with you, they'll tell you Trump. Try it.
I have 1 friend that voted for DJT   I get people wanted change but now there is lie after lie.  I didn't like either of the candidates !
People  what Trump's doing and that's why he's gonna be POTUS for 8 yrs.
If he bombs ISIS again & starts Wall construction, it's a lock!
i'm me, sam grady
You're really freaking me out.
What have you done for the people affected by Harvey and Irma? Nothing.
Eh, donated $
Our citizens in #USVIStrong need help. Please read @NewsofStJohn #hurricaneimra
Tim, what is USVI??
United States Virgin Islands. US territory. In the Caribbean.
Duh to me. Should've known that. Thanks, Tim.
@realDonaldTrump can we please have updates on our citizens in St. John, I pray to god the above mentioned help is already there also..
You act like the Super Bowl is starting.
Praying for Florida !
Please just stop. As a Florida resident, this is not helping

Here she comes
Yep, our area just got put under warning, Right after I sent supplies to S. FL.
Run
Thank you Mr. President 
God bless you too!
In the wake of Katrina 150 countries offered support! "Anerica First" b.s. now leaves us alone!
.@realDonaldTrump .@WhiteHouse .@POTUS #MinorityPresident #TaxReturns #OverallLoser  SAD BLINGBOY MANBABY You don't add to the mix, HUSH UP!
Just to be clear then @realDonaldTrump ... the worse the loss of human life and devastation, the faster you want congress to pass tax cuts?
Thank you #maga
Can I just say how disgusting it is that everyone right now is supportive.  Give me a break
Not supportive
Your "friends with access" are becoming 'Fewer'
Change your mind?
It's hurricane season. This is the time of the year this happens. Can you stop trying to push that agenda. Its a crisis not a debate.
Hurricane season doesn't usually wipe out whole cities!
No it doesn't. So shouldn't we try to rebuild cities instead of yelling at trump? What is even the purpose right now?
Do you support our POTUS?
VOTE & RETWEET TO REACH MORE PEOPLE.
This poll is a sham I don't believe it.
You're an atheist, dude.
Amen mr president
I'm more worried about how fast it's moving 6 miles an hour sounds like it's going to dump for days like Harvey but stronger
I am so thankful that YOU are my president!
Semper Paratus!
Doing great.  No media filter and you look good.  Wonder why ?
There's no God, Don
Be strong ! 
Happy 911!!!  Tell us again the story about when u saw thousands of muslims in New Jersey celebrating
Don't supposed you opened Mar Lago to evacuees who couldn't get out in time?  Or are you just going to *pledge* another million?
Planning on taking FEMA relief for you properties this time too?

ءامنوا بالله وحده وأسلموا وسوف تنجون من عقابه
Sitting here in Panama City & coast guard friends evac'ed to Louisiana. Us Air Force folks still sitting here ready
You should not leave your #PutinBots out in the hurricane
Hillary Clinton gave Russia 20% of the USA's Uranium to Putin/Russia then took donations as a pay to play scam. Clinton Foundation.
Obama
how are you
Can not understand,sir.
If you can explain what god is in under 2 sentences, i will stop harassing you
Trump has 5 hr prayer meetings in the White House. I think he knows a little about what GOd is...
Hes faking it!!! He only became Christian for Votes! Thats it! Look at his like and tell me thats a man with God in his heart!
How would you know? You only know what mainstream media tells you!
Have you been to those prayer meetings? How do you know what goes on there? How do you know what's in Trump's mind? He zones out at the G20!
I've watched plenty of interviews with the preachers who pray with him.
So what you're saying is that you believe what the media tells you.
No.
I'll never understand why you seemingly root on these storms.
Talk like a freaking human for a change.
These no reason for you to sound like a dope, yet here we are.
Seriously man. Relax. I know you have opinions but hes trying to help people like me trapped in irmas path. Please just let it be
The rant started "I'll never understand" knows his limits and can't let it be and barks like the neighbors chihuahua.
#resign
If all the simple words are spelled correctly, clearly a staffer tweeted it.  #Hereos #Heel
He wishing luck and sharing good will to those like me stuck in irmas path. I know you have opinions but can you let up for once. Let it be.
When Trump stops cutting funds to emergency services
When Trump stops denying climate change & rejoin Paris Agreement
Then we'll let up
Its a time of crisis not a debate. You yelling at the president wont save me or other victims from a hurricane. This isnt the time for that.
Didn't you hear?
There isn't a hurricane, it's a liberal conspiracy
Trump said himself Harvey was a once in a 500 year thing
Do it all you want after. I don't care its your right. But right now isnt the time to do this.
Stop with the climate change denial bulls__ and Trump supporting and I will
Also when did i say i supported or denied it? I just said it isnt the time. People like me caught in its path don't appreciate being used.
That's another really weird tweet. It's like a final farewell.  And "state brave people"?  So weird.
Hate Trump much? If trump used his magical powers to keep the storm from Florida you would complain that Florida needed the rain. SHUT UP
Remember that time you decided to pull out of the Paris Accord because climate change was fake news? #ClimateChangeIsReal
Climate is not weather. Please stop using my state's suffering for your political agenda
Definitely Praise The Lord your not Perot.
The U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA and all Federal and State brave people are ready. Here comes Irma. God bless everyone!...
Good bless the people  of PR.
What adult Russian diapers do you wear #Trumpsdiapers
Global warming isn't real... it's just your parents wearing a disguise
#Trump used "big water" as an excuse for response to #HurricaneMaria & said Puerto Rican ppl aren't "helping" themselves. Terrible leader.
Failed president
Yes Obama was a huge failure of a person for this country. Glad your finally seeing the reality of failed 44
Thank you Mr. President for working hard with @FLGovScott to prepare as much as possible. Prayers for all of those in it's path.
Nope they didn't't prepare as much as possible. That would include restoring funding to climate science.
You hope the hurricanes take out all the climate deniers' properties? F them to h$ll?
hello Donald c trump Natalie
"Everyone" is all inclusive? Or everyone =  "certain people" Define everyone. You really make me feel disheartened about our future.
People see what they want.
If you only focus on the negative, you will see only the negative.
Stop being delusional, he won't answer you.
Not expecting an answer. I just want him to be reasonable  while he leads our country. I don't think that's too much to ask.
But he is reasonable, all the time.
He says how it is (whether some like it or not) and faces those challenges that other presidents didn't.
It's unreasonable that he get's criticised for trying to make things better.
It's unreasonable to constantly criticise him for doing his job
People like you are unreasonable, and the MSM is unreasonable.
I thought we were having an adult talk. I'm unreasonable because I see both sides? Sorry I care about everyone. Bye.
Criticising others is okay for you, but if you have to face criticism then you close the door 
That's not "adult talk", it's childish.
Spoken like the operator of the really scary roller coaster at the carnival. You're awful, incompetent, and no one likes you.
Who are you to tell he is incompetent?
Also there are enough people who like/love or at least support their president.
#delusional #TDS
She, as the rest of us, is his employer and entitled to make an assessment.  Please keep up!
You have not proven anything.
Judging your POTUS by his actions (rather than believing the MSM hysteria) he seems to make a good job so far.
But who am I to judge, I'm not his employer 
Prove me that he is incompetent to do his job or shut up.
Instead of posting childish memes/pictures, provide me some actual evidence of his incompetence then and let's have a debate.
Go on.
Go play a few holes at Mar-a-Lago.
We the people left  - those who care for you...
Your doing a great job as pres..keep up the good work. Down with DACA and get tax reform pushed through for us, the middle class needs this.
Global warming has man made help.  It's our greatest enemy #WakeUpAmerica
Tanrı sizi korumasın. Irak ve Suriye'deki insanları çıkardığınız savaşlar yüzünden, göç etmek zorunda bıraktınız.
God bless everyone EXCEPT little hands donny n his prostitute wife, mel
Our President still thinks it's  Chinese plot.
Yes thanks my dear President 
Your the greatest in world 
An thank you every day thanks to you
If want to give God's blessings... RESIGN!
Ur what for tarnardo sire hot and cold Aire
So proud of you Mr President

50% of all babies in US are born on Medicaid.
Hard working Americans are paying for other people's babies.
#IceRaids 
What about people ravaged in fires? US can multi task.   Halt money sent to other countries, make sure Americans are taken care of First!!
God's punishment is at hand for your denial of climate change
Do you seriously believe in God?


Yea, here comes Irma and Mueller is right behind
It's time to congratulate CNN for being brave and doing a great job covering this storm. The news saved lives
Thank you, Mr President, you are the best! God bless!
We are on top of it with prayers, worldwide
Looks like God really hates Florida and Texas.
Thank you President Trump for all you are doing to Make America Great Again. Praying for you.
We need gas!
CHINA'S DECISION TO SHUT DOWN THE COUNTRY'S BITCOIN EXCHANGES IS ONLY FOR SHOW:
CHINA'S REGULATORS CREATED  THAT VIRTUAL CURRENCY IN 2008!
Irma defeated, bravo Donald Trump.
That's why we need them!  Those GOV entities don't need to be cut, but improved..
It's about time you acknowledged climate change you asshole
Trump climate change is an expensive hoax,so how much is hurricane?Genius.
Plz  Drain The Swamp!
China No.1
UP TO LAW OFFICERS AND JUDGES AND FIGHT AGAINST THIS DESTRUCTION. WE WILL KNOW YOUR STANCE IF YOU KEEP IGNORING CHEMICAL POLLUTION. ITS TIME
Wilmington NC
What about our brothers and sisters in the USVI that have been suffering since WEDNESDAY? Where is your support and help for them?
USVI? What is that, Shannan? Haven't heard of that have I??
Please tell me you're joking. The UNITED STATES Virgin Islands!
Ah, of course. Sorry. I haven't seen much news today and just couldn't make the connection.  And I have never been. lol. Thanks, Shannan!
Its just sad everyone has forgotten our brothers and sisters on the island who suffered Irma as a cat5 and are struggling
President Trump please remember the promises you made and the hope YOU gave to this country.
End amnesty and build the wall!!!...
All have done a great job
We love the Trump
I congratulate POTUS for the hard work.
SHUT UP!!!!!
Amen
Imagine how helpful those organizations could be if you didn't cut their funding for your stupid wall. #ImpeachTrump
I think there are very many amazing people in FEMA, also very many cooked ones!
If there was a god, you'd be the last person he'd bless!  Are you still saying climate change is a hoax?
Donald u r doing a great job in usa instead of getting into another crisis now with n Korea y not spend billions of $ on the US citizens???

CONGRATULATION TO THERESA MAY TODAY FOR "THE WINNING 
VOTE OF 336-290 TO __KILL BRUSSELS' TYRANT 10,000 EU LAWS AND EXITING THE EU!
WONDERFUL!!! You're Awesome!! 
Re: 9/11. "Never forgive. Never forget." ... who's battle cry is that?
Hey, you do know moments of silence mean STOP TALKING, right?
Still no mentions of the powerful earthquake that hit our neighbor Mexico. They were immediately there for us after Harvey.
Cute how you throw in God every once in awhile to keep your base believing you're one of them. Obvious much?
I am proud of you Mr President. Your a great man.Thank you sir.
You suck
Oh brother where art though???
Not Using words Radical Islamic Terrorist..Letting the Looney left make impression.Mattis defied your transgender ban.GOD be with you!!
Their saying there is nothing and red cross is failing... What's truth? Prayer warrior's working overtime.
She's not a #MissUSA contestant, @realDonaldTrump. If she were, though, I'd love to see what happened if you walked in to her dressing room.
It's like it's the hunger games or something, he's prepping for us to fight to the death with someone named  Irma.
Say something about weak ass Roger Goodell
You talking bout ESPN
Don't pick your fights
Fight all this shit

were are all the help for the fires out west were is The U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA and all Federal and State brave people,we need help as well
Need help in St Thomas! It's a US island. The residents are not allowed of the island!
As non-Christian American, it's sad to see God so tightly wrapped into daily gov't activities. Separation of church&state exists for reason.
golf course
damage claim set up and ready ? (although there
was none same as it ever was, fraudster eh ? eh ? )
thanks
mmm
yess
Ew

when in Florida come to EATONVILLE Mr. PRESIDENT
Here comes irma ? Are you 5 ?
Dear Mr. president if you really want some good rating in the USA evacuate Porto Rico!
Yes! Is global warming a hoax? Revisit the topic and make America lead again!

So who has your phone? Which aide is pretending to be you as a human?
It is a good thing you didn't get those budget cuts in yet.
Dummy ! The Coast Guard doesn't need branding. They save lives PERIOD. What do you think this is, a TV show?
Wait, hurricanes are fake news. Global warming is fake, so hurricanes must be also.
You're doing a fantastic job Mr President. God bless you and the United States
And God save us all from you!!
stop doing injustice
Fake big hands. Fake teeth.  Fake sons that say there is nothing else
Good luck
Leave the United States and world also plz
Sucks not to be able to think up beautiful thoughts about others, NARCISSISTS never do. I am awaiting to hear from you the crowd size.
It will cost over 300 Billion to rebuild after Hurricanes HARVEY and IRMA. Oh Well!!! ........... I guess that's the end of "Trump's Wall"
You don't believe in God so you should stop with the "God bless" part. It's FAKE!
Mr. President? You can like this? Development of U.S. economic growth will narrow the gap between rich and poor!
Here comes Irma?  Sounds like a song from the 50's.
Hopefully FEMA folks will deliver despite your abysmal leadership
NICE
Amen Mr President God bless you to sir
Will you be pretending to donate money to hurricane victims in Florida?
Thanks you President Trump for doing a great job
Who is your god
Not ronal Reagan
U talk a lot of bullshit for a draft dodger. U have no shame
Great job with FEMA!
Instead of flyovers on AF-1;
U were helping and that's what makes you the best! God bless!
T. Janes
