God Bless President Trump you're the best!!
Your standards must be relatively low
How are my standards low the man is doing the best he can. Go in your pocket and hand over a million dollars for a relief fund
Oopsie. Hope your finger is a little more disciplined on the nuclear button
Already tweeted this silly
But he can't spell so he had someone correct it for him.
did you ever make a typo?  your answer is probably no, I'm psychic
I do all the time. The difference, my tweets don't have the power to impact the world.
Typos dont change the world, even the president is just a human
(1) Not according to him. (2) A President who tends to misspell could hire someone to spell check for him. (3) Doing that is weakness to him
A weakness? To make a typo is a weakness. Damn I'm weaker than hell I suppose
Great progress in DESTROYING AMERICA with the wealth dividing manipulated up stock market, middle class hurt, diligent investors killed.
It will take years. Hello.
No! no they are not!
In other words,  we are healing fast because we know we can rely on each other. Not you.
There would no each other if it every for him
Praise God! Thank you President Trump! Great to see you on site making sure everything is on track. God Bless allthe folks affected byHarvey
Healing fast!?!  They still face more flooding. Guess Fox News isn't keeping up.
Enjoy your holiday as Mr. Mueller is close. Tick tock
??? You have no idea what you're talking about!!
Some of them were Mexicans
Donnie have you eaten Penis balls now manufactured in USA? You shud export in to North Korea to be on the table of Kim
I want to help with remodels. From Oklahoma
Try not to fuck it up, Don. People are actually hurting.

Looks like @FBI & @DHSgov warned about #Antifa in 2016. Wondering why this never came out during @POTUS44 's term. http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/09/01/fbi-dhs-warned-increasingly-violent-antifa-clashes-in-2016-documents-show.html …
Awesome that you're handing out hats! #MOPA not #MAGA
It's HEELING Silly.
No DACA until Wall built.
Don't forget to have Melania wear her 
Okay, but where doe lol?
Can someone please answer my questions; when was America great, I need to know for my kids keep asking me and I don't know what to say
America's great despite best efforts of communists & socialists.  Unfortunately for them, the demdumbs woke the bear in the process. Oopsie!
You are the best president ever, and we all stand with you
Someone needs to take food and water out to people back at their homes where their cars are ruined and have no food. They'll starve, HELP!!!
So you can start? What exactly have you been doing?
Yes, I hear that they're all "very happy"
Fast? It's still under water. I guess that was a body double you sent.
Healing fast.  Tell that to the people still standing up to their knees in filthy water.
Back where? What have you done? Empty words like empty promises. The deep sleepers will also wake up, we want impeachment they'll want blood
"Healing?" Don't you mean "heeling?" Your aides must have a hellava time trying to hide your childish ignorance from the outside world.
Take your friend with you
Thanks for your continued support
No one cares


President @realDonaldTrump has knocked it out of the park!

No President has handled a storm this well.

…

Thank you mr. Trump 4 being a Hands-On president for putting the needs of Texas first before playing golf or doing anything else like Obama

Trump left a paper trail showing he fired Comey over Russia. He could now pardon 23 people and still be impeached. 
And no thanks to you if you wouldn't have caught backlash should be trying to make money off of this still.  #MAGA dump Trump
Saying it won't make it happen faster. You have years of work to do. Get started. Give them money.
There's no need for you to spend our money going down there when you don't even talk to victims. Stay home.
Another day, another photo op and chance to endorse your products made in China! Yep you are a Great help, probably the best help ever..band
You have no idea what you're talking about... AGAIN! Stay away, having you there selling your hats is NOT helpful.
Wouldn't it be great if you didn't need a do-over for everything?!
#PrayForHouston  Day 7
We have a saying here in Texas..."TURN AROUND, don't drown." Thanks.
Beaumont flooded cause they stopped up the trinity river, not cause harvey dumped on them the army corps dumped on Beaumont
I'm in Texas. No healing here. Jesus. How about use your "wall" money to rebuild Houston.
Texas is not heeling, it's healing! Heel: part of a foot where u claim u had bone spurs 5 times to defer serving in Nam ! #Resist 
That you @POTUS for caring so much for Americans. MSM is corrupt & will not recognize your accomplishments as it dose not fit their agenda!
Healing fast? It's still underwater!
Good job! All of you are heroes! Best wishes from China Hangzhou ~
No so fast.  Ask New Orleans.
No they are not HEELING fast you dolt. They are suffering and are just getting back to their ruined houses or leaving the city altogether
Don't forget to thank those nice BlM and Antifa folks for pitching in.  Oh that's right.
They want someone to help them, NOT TO HAVE TO LOOK AT YOU DOING NOTHING!!!! IT IS WHAT YOU DO BEST!!!
The sad part of your life is you live it n Obamas shadow , you will never be a better human let alone president than he was ..
Don't trip Mr. President. You could scratch your butt and people would claim that's enough to impeach you. Hail to the Chief!
JFK TEXAS
How can you be so dense? Texas hasn't begun to "heal". Those in shelters were relieved to be safe, dry and fed but their losses haven't...1/
...even been realized. Their lives are in shambles. Their jobs, schools, cars, homes, bills are due/overdue, etc. won't be "fixed"... 2/
...by you "signing a document". We are all inspired by the rescue & shelter efforts. But, they need places to live now and assurances ... 3/
...that there futures hold permanent stability. Texas & Fed. Admin.'s need to stand up & reassess their positioning for enduring rebuild. 4/
Shallow words-empty promises. Some things you can UNDO within your admin.. You CAN'T sacrifice our fiscal well being because you "promised".

Healing fast? Hundreds of thousands displaced and homeless. Dozens of people have died. WTF is wrong with you?
...out looking for more accolades in the midst of others sorrows.
"Women & men" is better ;) "courtoisie" in French
Healing fast?  Do you realize how ignorant that statement is?  The hardest part is still ahead of these poor people and it will be years!
Nothing is healing fast after you cut everything and everyone but when you are in jail we will get back to serious business
Please don't. It costs you $1.2 million just to fly down on Airforce1. You're lousy donation doesn't even cover it. #losing
I still haven't heard from FEMA. Says neighborhood is not accessible. WRONG. We have all been there doing demo since Thursday. #Harvey
People are finally waking up to the fact government (neither party) does NOT have their backs & they have to help themselves.
The majority of humans in the world don't want you back tomorrow or at anytime in the future.
Don't be silly,  this is just the beginning, the surface.
I'm Utauing only because my creator can't sing otherwise I wouldn't even step my foot into this shabby place.
Heal heel what  will M wear? #heeltothecheif
It would do better service to everyone involved if you quit talking about "fast". This is going to take YEARS. Get that in your head now.
A big % of Texas will be rebuild by Mexican  Immigrants .The very same people that build your Towers. 
The same people you want ro deport!
He must have reposted this because he spelled "healing" correctly in this one.
Yeup.
Saw that!
Yesss 
all, No Thanks to You,  and that is good.
Heel, boy!
Why the world is concerned about spelling and not the hard work someone is putting for betterment of all in his country.
Your doing a great job thank you
We really don't want you to come back to Texas FYI MR.RACIST
Heel! Heel boy!!
You are an awesome president and all the people of America love you! Forget the media Hollywood and Antifa! You are America strong!
Let the college  DACA dreamers stay if no felonies. They have earned it and will continue  to earn it.
Hey can you help Franklin bbq out while you are down there? They had a fire and they need to get back cooking. They are the best. Thanks.
We are a nation of laws DACA is illegal
You should never go there they will thank you if you don't! You are an embarrassment to this nation!
Heeling
I'm sure you'll be a lot of help. How much is the hat.
@realDonaldTrump you are the best im 15 anf would like to say thank you and hi mr President
.,
Thanks for the warning...
Ah, you fixed "heeling." Didnt think you'd need to learn that a second time, but I guess some folks are just slow
DACA is DEAD! DACA takes American Jobs!
Thank you Mr. President.
Healing fast??? What kind of idiotic statement is this?? It will take years. Will you help them when they are not in the news??
said, I quote"Don't mess w/POOR @GeorgeSoros he has enough problems" #Soros invested $120M Into your Chicago skyscraper WTH
Please remember Brazoria County many families still evacuating as flood waters are still rising.
YOUR A FUCKNG MONSTER
Yes
Too bad u werent one of them
but are they "heeling"?
You thanking Mexico also
Stay away
What Kind Of Situation Is That!?
I don't think you know what 'fast' means.
What does TX is healing fast mean? Where do you pull this from?
don't come back
Let see,14 Billions of our tax money, to help the Texan people.I'm wondering how much of that money will go to their hands Mr. President.
I can't do anything else but laugh at all these tweets you write Fake President
Great support and hope that there is a thorough investigation on why this storm was generated to stall and pulsate
#keepDACA
The beautiful pictures of President Donald Trump,.the flood zone,, encouraging, comforting people....
Oh you fixed "heeling" thought we had gone over this with you already.
Hardly, and your policies and budget speak to what you're going to get done which is nothing
#MAGA
@realDonaldTrump looks like an adult this time! Truly great job in Houston today!
Healing!?!  You've lost it!!  Texas is npt healing, they are barely surviving!!
President Trump, u r the best... I will always support you
With respect Mr #Trump it is way to early to make this assessment. Wait to celebrate until the job is complete in TX, LA.
Healing *quickly. And no, it isn't.
Yeah. They're living the dream
You won't have a crowd to admire you. Don't you think you're a fake for going?

The Modi government is spreading the terror of Hindus in India by taking money from you, you stop paying them money.
You haven't got a clue what those poor people are going through...you are an empty shell without empathy for anyone
I wished I could call President Trump an have a real conversation with him about fema how they operate. Living a nightmare in texas
Still so much to do?!?! This guy is hilarious! They are under 8' of water!!! Yeah...there's still some stuff to do. #idiot
Cause you forgot why you were there last time?
I think thats a threat!!??
P o0o 10190 p pl 000
Greatest President ever.
You literally defunded @FEMA right before hurricane season so you can save money to play bob the builder with a border wall. #impeachtrump
it's not healing fast, but as we know Donny says ridiculous things that he believes are true in his delusional mind.
You wanna kick out Mexicans but you need them in many different ways 
@realDonaldTrump You are doing an outstanding job with recovery. We know you care. This kind of response is what America is all about!#great
quit threatening these folks.  haven't they been through enough already?
Thank you @jakepaul 
How do you have SO MUCH TIME TO TWEET??? You make us vulnerable to other countries!!! #45 you're comical... 
#Prayers4myCountry

Watch on #Periscope: @Joy_Villa and Omar Navarro https://www.pscp.tv/w/bHnG5zFXTEVSZXBad3pBamJ8MVlxeG9tTGVNV01Hdh9o2Tcuouhb9DW29e7uYVvBI77nwFlD72V4D-VN_hpB …
Please stop tweeting. Please stop talking. You embarrass this country every time you even attempt to communicate.
Love my President
Texas is not healing fast! It cannot heal fast.  You can't just sweep it up in 10 days and says it healed.  Where is your head!
Spell check from DeVos? I like my presidents literate.
They're in for a LONG road. Just heard a crying Mom on MSNBC that has 4 children and back at home where everything is ruined. HUNGRY.No HELP
where's the EPA?!
Everything isn't going to be healed for many months.Wipe that stupid smile off your face and do some real work.
And thanks to you for being a leader !
Do us all a favor and jump in the water.
Oh look. You fixed your spelling!
They add you on Twitter, then complain on every post... But yet they don't stop following... Keep up the good work! Plz don't let us down!!!
You're shitting me right? Texas is healing? They still haven't pulled the bodies out of the homes that are flooded, but they're healing? 
Found the spello? Lol
You have no idea what it takes to heal from this. It takes years.
Yes an all the brave journalist who helped the rest of the country understand the magnitude of this disaster! #thankajournalist
You are insane. Healing fast? You make up crap on a daily basis to try to make yourself look good.

It's not working.

