Yep, cry me a 140 character river 

Pat Tillman's widow Marie shared this statement with me. She is hoping the president sees it. http://bit.ly/2yDk5Tm  
Thank you for posting this. I’m sick and tired of people using Pat Tillman as their banner for what they think is right.
Pat Tillman remains a patriotic symbol forever contrasted to the Race-baiting millionaires of today's National Felons League
So, your point?
Point is Stand for our fallen soldiers and the country. Duhh
Uhh FRIENDLY FIRE
uhhh still in action and there really is no proof oh sorry you were there my bad 

Pat Tillman's widow Marie shared this statement with me. She is hoping the president sees it. http://bit.ly/2yDk5Tm  
@realDonaldTrump FYI Pat Tillman was an outspoken atheist, not the type your base usually supports.
He was also killed by friendly fire which our government tried to cover up. Don't invoke his name in your cause. #TakeTheKnee
He fought for our freedom, to choose to sit order stand. Plus, he was killed by friendly fire and the gov't tried to cover it up.
What makes you use a friendly fire tragedy to engender patriotism? Is it BLIND Nationalism or do you think no one cares about details?
Remember he was killed by "friendly fire". An American killed by Americans.
WHY DO WE FIGHT OTHER GOVERNMENT'S BATTLES ? BECAUSE THE UNITED STATES WANTS EVERYONE ON EARTH TO BE JUST LIKE US, IT WILL NEVER HAPPEN !
Amen! #StandForOurAnthem
lol but stood for N.A
PEOPLE ARE SUFFERING IN P.R.  STOP WITH THE NFL AND START HELPING! You are UNBELIEVABLY out of touch. No water, power, cell. AMERICANS ALL
In 2 seconds it will still not be about P.R. and CNN & their buddies will be back to the false narrative "Russia, Russia, Russia"
False narrative? Someone else's is out of touch. His 23% better wake up before they find a nuclear bomb in their front lawn. 25th Ammendment
Maybe you can accompany Obama on his next apology tour.
Someone needs to get off Fox news and start reading. LOL

Make sure you and other American patriots don't tune in to anything NFL until they apologize and reform the league from a disrespectful org.
You might want to better familiarize with Pat Tillman's entire story before you say stupid shit.
Thank you dearly for your service. I am free because of your Valor and Integrity and Patriotism. #VIP
Glad to see someone that gets the tweet... nice!
Right, also for the right to protest. He didn't fight for the right to be a blind, obedient "patriot" that doesn't question anything.
Although you do actually have the right to be a moron, that's covered under the 1st amendment too.
This is the very reason American Patriots are enraged & disgusted by the NFL & MLB "taketheknee"... Pat Tillman gave his life so we are free
Free to take a knee!! I’m a vet. Are you?
Yes i am and i stand for the flag
You're a bot
Trump has alot of nerve retweeting about heroes, he's never fought for anything that didn't benefit him.
He fought for us to exercise our rights but then when we do we're SOB.
We all need to stand and if they dont they need to leave this country and take these damn dems with them.i love our country and our presiden
Amen Lynda I'm with ya
That damn zace that on martha on fox news is damn crazy all he does is boucne when he talks  maybe he needs a mental check with nancy maxine
Chuck ,hillary and sanders.I am damn sick over them taken down our staute.I think they need to take Mlk down and road signs all dems knows
A true hero, indeed!
Have you asked Pat Tillman's family if it's okay to use him this way? If not, you are disgraceful!!  #TakeTheKnee
If you want to claim patriotism so bad, start by respecting the 1st amendment...
...The players decision to kneel does not impede on anyone’s else’s freedom.
Friendly fire?
Unlike D3 Donald Draft Dodger?
He FOUGHT for the rights guaranteed us by the Constitution. READ IT!
Yes, Pat Tillman fought for our 1st Amendment rights. You on the other hand...
Just like you did.... wait, no, there was that bone spur.  But without it I'm sure you would have.  Not.
R.I.P Corp. and Specialist Patrick "Pat" Daniel Tillman, US Army 
Hey numbnuts it happened on a republican watch don't put words in a dead man's mouth how he would have felt
Donny, do a little research first. Tillman was the antithesis of what you stand for.
And Tillman's wife is already on record saying her husband woulda pissed on trumps travel ban. Bet she won't like trump using his image here
No way. I'm sure his family will say something. His wife, brother, one of them
killed by friendly fire actually sadly enough.
Stop using military members and vets as pawns for your cause. Parminder Singh Shergill was a veteran. Kristen Ambury was a veteran.
Pat Tillman would have hated you! @realDonaldTrump

I'm white and a grandmother and I will not stand for the anthem until that shit stain on humanity is removed from the WH and injustice ends.
And he was killed by another soldier and the government tried desperately to cover it up.
And he was an anti-war, liberal atheist, too.
Ditto #StolenValor
TRUE HERO !!!!
He fought for our 1st Amendment rights too. So what? We know I don't care about that or blacks. ONLY WHITES! @potus #makeAmericaWhiteAgain
Standing for the national anthem by the players became a Military marketing ploy in 2009 and the government paid the NFL to make them do it.
Here's the proof
Players didn't stand for the anthem until 2009 when the gov. PAID the NFL to as a marketing strategy #MorningJoe 
The Military has always stood for the National Anthem.
They even play it before movies at base theaters.
True but the players were not on the field yet. Both are a fact I have two family members in the military!
True. I grew up military and every generation back to the revolution served. But I support the rights of these players.
That is your right to support it. That doesn't make it the right thing to do. If our bosses tried to limit our free speech we would be mad!
Support their right to protest,  not disrespect every veteran and this country that ever served.
Rule 62-63 if Nfl rule book clearly states players and staff should stand during anthem. #hypocrites
Can you? Find this rule and highlight it. Maybe don’t even read, just search for it. Seems to be missing.
http://operations.nfl.com/media/2646/2017-playing-rules.pdf …
Kristie you do that
I did...the rule doesn’t exist. I’m guessing you didn’t bother to look before or after your ill-informed inaccurate tweet
Yup just read it through, thanks to your link.  Couldn't find it either.  Perhaps I'm missing something?
There’s no rule 62 and page 62 is about fouls. Fake info could at least use a believable rule number.
I guess it's easy to post pictures of deceased service people instead of listening to the ones who are alive & support peaceful protest.
What about the vests that find it disrespectful to kneel before the flag?
That's fine, every vest is entitled to its own opinion. But don't put words in the mouths of the dead. THAT'S DISRESPECTFUL
Lets be real here the war he died in Iraq or Afgan are apart of Americas Racist Imperial tendencies. #BurnTheFlag
blurred doesn’t understand it folks! Pat Tillman is a hero. He Defended your freedom and died for it. Show some respect.
Come on man the guy gave up playing a game to go fight for our country and you are disrespecting that and I won’t have it
Nobody thinks it cool to get killed.That’s a idiotic statement. Also it’s his choice he gave up a game to defend freedom.
He enlisted after in June of 2002 after 9/11. He’s obviously not a idiot the only idiot here is you for trying to slander a fallen patriot.
He died for what? Democracy? Liberation? No. For corporate greed and power instigated by cowards in expensive suits and massive homes
Guess what?  His widow doesn't agree AND doesn't like you! How dare you politicize his death! https://www.facebook.com/newsandguts/photos/a.200985446973098.1073741828.199870617084581/292816887789953/?type=3 …
Stand For A Fallen NFL Patriot if nothing else!
The DEMS forgot about this. And they're supposed be serving America what the hell is wrong with this picture


And this asshole can’t find his heart
Donny Bone Spurs ran from the fight.  Sick   Sad
Tillman not a fan of the war, killed by friendly fire gov't 1st lied to family about, moron.
' friendly' fire?!?....
@realDonaldTrump how dare you invoke the name of Pat Tillman
Sadly his Life was wasted, no fault of his own, someone made a major mistake, truly a sad story
This man's widow would like you to stop using her husband's story for your political propaganda!
Take it down - respect his widow
Friendly fire that was covered up so they could use him for enlistment.  Thank you jay for reminding us all of this fact. Jay hates trump!
His wife asked that you stop politicizing his death. Respect her wishes. #nfl #NFLBoycott
His widow has asked that you not use him in this way. Please take this tweet down. Honor him and his family.
Pat #Tillman's widow "Pat’s service, along with that of every man and woman's service, should never be politicized in a way that divides us"
R.I.P. Sir!! 
His wife has said he would not be supporting you doing this.....speaking of DISRESPECT!  Respect his memory & take this down #Dotard
Tillman's mother asks that her son not be used to promote political ideology.
he was killed by  friendly fire  -  and  you  got your  rich boy  deferment  from the draft  with a sore foot ..  smh
@realDonaldTrump http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/09/26/553712302/pat-tillmans-widow-pushes-back-on-trump-nfl-tweet … his widow doesn't want him used in this way,it's you who have no respect!
America has THE best national anthem of any country by a mile I can't understand how anyone would not want to stand for it 
Read this, Trump
Please tell us more, President Draft Dodger.
It's a works space ye twits of abomination... The media and swamp rats trying to start a racial war to further their agenda of evil...
I believe his mother didn't give you permission to pull his name into this and wants it kept out. You ought to be ashamed! SAD!
Pat Tillman would be taking a knee.
The widow of Pat Tillman says that she doesn’t want his image used as a politically divisive ploy around the NFL protests.
https://www.facebook.com/SportsIllustrated/posts/10154881212001367 …
You owe the wife of Pat Tilman an apology. She does not want his memory used to advance your political agenda.
Pat Tillman was everything you never have been: loyal, courageous, open-minded, tough and willing to serve in the military. You dishonor him
Pat's service, along with that of every man and woman's service, should never be politicized in a way that divides us," Marie Tillman
Tillman read & agreed w/Noam Chomsky & considered Afghanistan invasion completely illegal, he'd be horrified by UR conclusion.
O.K.
What gives you the right to invoke his name
Did you talk to his Ghost ?
Maybe he would have Taken the Knee
As Many Vets & Gold Families did
his wife says to stop using her husband
May god bless him and his family

Pat Tillman's widow Marie shared this statement with me. She is hoping the president sees it. http://bit.ly/2yDk5Tm  
Btw his wife has asked that Tillmans picture not be shared.... she doesn't want her husband dragged in politics. It's not what he stood for

You obviously know nothing of Pat or his family.  He would have never endorsed this tweet, his family hated the political use of his death
Hey @realDonaldTrump his wife told you not to politicize him. While your deleting your Luther Strange tweets, maybe delete this one.
Pat Tillman's wife asks that you not use her husband in such a divisive way! Respect her and remove his picture now!
From #PatTIllman widow take her husbands name out of your mouth. Don't use his death for your purpose
@realDonaldTrump I vote to have the NFL Kneelers sent overseas to do their protesting!!!

Liberal atheist but ok
https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/pat-tillman-s-widow-criticizes-politicized-use-late-husband-s-n804746?cid=sm_npd_nn_fb_ma …

Stop

and Yet POTUS dodged svc, calls for the firing of NFL athletes for exercising the rights Pat and I defended for him.Imagine that
PS Stop using the death of our brother to peddle your stinking politics.

This is a Russian bot retweeted by trump.
Pat's widow Marie asks that you not use his name for your propaganda.  He was a unifier, not a divider. #ITMFA
@realDonaldTrump He opposed Iraq and said troops were http://pawns.Eat  hot facts!
Sad. Story ...died in friendly fire...Has nothing to do with PLAYERS ARE KNEELING 4 NOW...AS OTHER WORLD LEADERS HAVE SAID AMERICA HAS NO RM
Thank you Pat Tillman for fighting for our freedom to stand or kneel.
@realDonaldTrump #readabook "Where Men Win Glory"
Me and many vets who proudly served did so for our fellow American's to speak their minds guaranteed by the Constitution..not your agenda.
Pat Tilman gave his life for an idea:  Freedom of Speech.  Not for idolizing a piece of cloth.  Learn the difference!!!
Pat Tillman's widow said he would NOT be a Trumper; "This is not the country he dreamed of, not what he served for and not what he died for"
Seriously Dude, his widow has a different view!
Just make sure you don't forget he was killed by our soldiers in #friendlyfire
A GREAT AMERICAN!!
YOU MIGHT WANT TO READ THIS!
Pat Tillman's widow Marie shared this statement with me. She is hoping the president sees it. http://bit.ly/2yDk5Tm  
Let's be clear.  Here's what Pat Tillman's widow has to say about Idiot Donald Trump's words:
Thats not the point od why they do this tho. J.s
Marie Tillman: “The very action of self expression n the freedom to speak from one’s heart no matter those views is what Pat give his life 4
I said it here yesterday, shame on u for using Tillman's image to promote your inappropriate rant. You're heartless.
Pat Tillman's Widow Pushes Back On Trump NFL Tweet http://n.pr/2fOKrdo 
He was killed by 'friendly fire' in a war started by a President as clueless and corrupt as 'Trump'.
He fought so we have the freedom to
#TakeTheKnee
This word, "freedom" you keep using. I do not think it means what you think it means.
the price you pay to war profiteers and to Wall St bank
Another loss. People closest to him say you used him for a leg to stand on
Pat Tillman’s widow seems to take veiled swipe at Trump https://www.cbsnews.com/news/pat-tillmans-widow-seems-to-take-veiled-swipe-at-trump … via @cbsnews
His retweets are just as inaccurate as his own ramblings.  Save face Don, do your homework first before endorsing your base-holes.
Trump retweeted with Pat Tillman's photo, Tillman's widow is calling for people to stop using her husband's service for political agendas.
Brave men,gone too soon!
So, must be feeling good to have pissed off a GOLD STAR MOTHER!!! you useless piece of shit. Next time, get permission before using someone
You didn't know Tillman & don't know what he thought. Can't imagine he'd approve of people using his memory in a game of political football.
http://time.com/4956891/pat-tillman-marie-service-trump/ …

How dare you use a great American soldier...draft dodger don.
You do realize that he was killed by friendly fire, was against the war he was fighting in, and the govt lied about the events of his death.
From his wife:  “This is not the country [Pat] dreamed of, not what he served for and not what he died for,” she said.
Tillman's family is deeply offended and hurt by those using his son to promote political agendas. They support #TakeTheKnee. SHAME ON YOU!
Riley #resist kills black ppl MORON. Its not political to honor a hero. #TakeTheKnee is killing football. plz continue, plz. #MAGA
a white Green Beret came up with bend the knee https://www.facebook.com/SportsIllustrated/posts/10154881212001367 …
And was killed by friendly fire.
@realDonaldTrump
Here's a letter from his wife. Pleading for you @realDonaldTrump to stop using Pat Tillman's legacy. He would've opposed you.
the widow of Pat Tillman says He would support #TakeAKnee not #MAGAbots   https://sports.yahoo.com/pat-tillmans-widow-speaks-trump-politicizing-husbands-death-145725027.html … #MAGA #TrumpEffect
He was tragically killed by friendly fire. No doubt he'd defend the right of free speech. The First Amendment in case u didn't know.
His wife asked you sleazebags to stop politicizing her husband’s death, try displaying a pittance of decency and take these Tweets down!
Tillman was a true patriot but not a jingoist. He didnt want his memory used to make a political point by POTUS.
So you are wrong. Wrong for using his photo for your personal gain. #PatTIllman #TakeTheKnee And his wife knew him better then you did.
Well that means nothing its blm and antifa . Thank u dems
And he would surely have been horrified to be lumped in with Donnie and the rest of the losers - he was a hero and a principled man.
I think he wife has a bigger say then you!
NO , PAT TILMAN WAS MURDERED !! HE WAS NOT KILLED IN ACTION
Yes. A real man who believed in something other them money and self.

Pat Tillman's widow Marie shared this statement with me. She is hoping the president sees it. http://bit.ly/2yDk5Tm  
https://mobile.twitter.com/i/moments/904850202875404289?lang=en … Here you go
a true american hero.
This is the wrong man to use. How sad you knew so little about Tillman.
@realDonaldTrump
Tillman was killed by friendly fire .
Pat Tillman was a leftist who's favorite author was Noam Chomsky. He hated Bush and the War in Iraq and 99.9% would be #TakingAKnee
The Military is NOT fighting for your "freedom" naive one, they fight for Banks and Corporate Fake $ "profit"
And those freedoms include a right to protest government oppression. #impeach45
Pat Tillman's wife said stop politicizing his memory
"Don’t politicize my husband," says Marie Tillman, the widow of former NFL player and Army Ranger Pat Tillman" #PresidentialFAIL #Disrespect
Tell us how he was killed, Uncle Don. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pat_Tillman#Aftermath …
Self expression & freedom to speak from one's  heart-no matter those views-is what  Americans gave their life for. Even if they didn't agree
You may want to read this:
http://www.cnn.com/2017/09/26/us/pat-tillman-widow-reacts- …
Pat Tillmans widow doesn't want you using his death as a weapon 
trump-national-anthem/index.html

Tillman killed by the Army who then lied to his family about the circumstances of his death.
It is freedom to peacefully protest.
does freedom not include being able to choose whether or not to stand for your anthem? #divisive
@realdonaldtRump Add this to the latest of the #tRumpTrain "wins"! LOL #Resist now, #TakeAKnee #MAGA <--is a joke. #NeverForget #trumpRUSSIA
Pat tilmans wife's "stop politicizing my husband's memory". Dirtbags
THE NFL PLAYERS DOESN'T CARE ABOUT OUR TROOPS BEING KILLED ARE THOSE THAT DIED IN ALL WARS, FIGHTING FOR FREEDOM R THE BLACK LADY COP SHOT!
Widow Of Former NFL Player Who Died In Combat Rebukes Donald Trump
You people have no shame, no souls, and no clue.

HIS MOTHER WAS JUST ON TV SAYING NOT TO POLITICIZE HIM. BESIDES DUMMY, HE WAS KILLED BY FRIENDLY FIRE.
A true American hero.
I love #MarieTillman


Pat Tillman isnt the only one. Different ethnicities died for America, not for white supremacists to tear it up. Got it???

@realDonaldTrump disgusting to use a dead hero's name and put words in his mouth for our petty, racist goals #shame
you do understand that Tillman was an atheist, opposed Bush and the Irak war,and his fave author was socialist lefty Noam Chomsky
