
Great because he sucks up to you?
Agreed.the politicians should roll up their sleeves & start working to help. No complaining unless you are working to move debris &supplies
watch out  hes saying how great of a guy you are! He tends to fire or just demean people when he starts saying that

The same will NEVER be said of you!!
After your horrible remarks about the major of San Juan there's only one thing left Impeach impeach impeach.
I miss George W. Bush.
Resign ASAP!!!
Wait but all your trolls have been out all morning talking about how PR is badly governed hellhole?
#StandForOurAnthem
Finally a #POTUS that loves America again :)
Where's Melania? Probably walking behind and getting rained on
What we have here is a failure to communicate. Trump you fucked up. This is your Katrina.
He may be, but you’re not. Not by a long shot. Get off the golf course and do your damn job.

Just reminding people of Trumps pathological lying and other psychiatric illnesses
You suck, Don.
Dotard
#Resign
there than arrest those sons of whore doing videos of sex, is a advice for the world whole!! put in jail those types ignorant.
@ricardorossello Exactly. Together the two of you can and will rebuild Puerto Rico. Bravo!!!!!
The Mayor of San Juan is a disgrace to PR putting political correctness & Dem narrative before her people. She needs to get to work. 
I live in San Juan. I've been to Hendersonville. You can't even carry her sandals, dude.
We are praying for you all and also that the money our family donated makes it to where it belongs.

Thank YOU!!
Trump LOVES Golf
Bye!!
The governor's comments are to mollycoddle your mercurial temperament so you don't impede aid. @CarmenYulinCruz comments are truth to power.
Goody goody gumdrops for you we guess !!!   Wowee .  He liked you and she didn't .   Awww.  Thanks for that interesting (boring ) story
But a woman mayor isn't? SMH. #25thAmendmentNow
Apologize for your disgusting verbal attacks on SJ mayor. Historical accounts of what you did today will horrify future generations

Poor leadership would be hiding at a country club golfing while fellow Americans are suffering and dying. She's not doing that. You are. https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/914089003745468417 …
Truly, dumpy, you are a VERY SICK, BAD and weak being! Your tweets are turning my stomach! Stop!

IT's NOT ABOUT YOU! 
He & YOUR OWN GENERAL have stated NOT ENOUGH OF ANYTHING! 
Not enough boots on the ground or supplies!
If he criticizes you tomorrow I'm sure your opinion will instantly change.
You disgust me. This is who you viciously attacked this morning.
You aren't even our legitimate president....
RESIGN!!!!

Trump sent this tweet just 4 days after Sandy dissipated. It's now been TEN DAYS since Maria struck Puerto Rico. #NoExcuse
The governor of Puerto Rico is likely afraid of Trump not providing aid if he isn't falsely praised. There's a word for this: sabotage
Nice quote.
The Left wants to distract the President w/their false accusations & lies.
They're an opportunist MINORITY.
The MAJORITY stands by him.
The majority didn't vote for him !
Carmin Yulin Cruz is a great gal, and a strong woman. Thank you Carmen. How difficult would that have been to get up your gullet?
Blame the Fed's for allowing it to continue in US Territory. Pot calling the kettle black.
Yes, I do, I live in one smartass!
Donald
you should probably stop tweeting for quite some time
The Governor of Puerto Rico, Ricardo Rossello, is a great guy and not a nasty woman. I hate strong women and attack them all the time.
To Trump, women are nasty. He doesn't even try to hide his misogyny.
Trump needs to apologize to @CarmenYulinCruz. Immediately.
Trump needs to resign immediately...
We need to repeal and replace the President of the United States.
We need a president who doesn't let pettiness and vindictiveness interfere with providing aid to American citizens after a significant natural disaster. Low bar here.
We need a real President. Period.
How about the president if the Virgin Islands? 
Took shaming for you to say this. Why not just say this first?
He has.
He didn't.
Why you protecting this moron disgrace of a president.
Every time you call sum1 great or nice they resign or leave your admin. Glad gov if PR doesn’t work for you.he can continue to help PR
Love you Mr President....you don't have to listen to the opinions of uneducated people...God Bless you
HAHAHAHA you tell ‘em’           moron
I did....and Bless your heart mam....good day
The Puerto Ricans need to start helping themselves and stop blaming President Trump
Where is the substance in this tweet?
Me and some friends are sending stuff to Porta Rico that they need
Thanks! Hello  From Puerto Rico..
THANK YOU FOR CAUSING A SHORTAGE OF IV BAGC IN THIS COUNTRY  @POTUS WE KNOW YOU DON'T CARE ABOUT BROWN PEOPLE, BUT DO BETTER!
Gov of Puerto Rico, Ricardo Rosello just became part of The Resistance.
#Donnie <sarcasm>,
his name isn’t Ricky.
It is Ricardo.
*palm to forehead
you have no concept of respect.
Speaking of respect, do you always disrespect the most powerful man in the world???
the only thing FAKE is you!  Your true feelings of inadequacy always show up in your tweets. You are like a spoiled 5 yo.
He, like you, denies reality, so, of course, you like him.
You first.

You know he's not Ricky Ricardo?
oh Donnie you try so hard to convince us ..you're a liar..fake President tweeting..you must sport a widdle bitty penis
Shut up
Telling people they're great DOES NOT SAVE LIVES.
And you're not. Not great, not working.
Please do not come to Argentina. Racists are not welcome. And if you come, I learned to speak Spanish. A hug.
Busy help...
The need heavy security in Puerto Rico to distribute all the supplies.to the right people
Your just praising him because he said something nice abou you!
12 min into your self-indulgent words for PR, U had said nothing about PR...Until finally saying they cost to much money & tossed em some..
2)...paper towels! No one is THAT thick so I can only assume you're THAT vindictive & disgusting. I hope u watch everything burn b4 ur...
So is Mayor Cruz.  She's been working tirelessly since August to help her fellow Americans survive, not that you care one iota!
Well that makes one of you
And you really suck.
Great job PRESIDENT TRUMP, we the people are with you
Find a brain _ any brain! Beggars can't be choosers.
Why don't you go over there?
Ricky?? Who the hell are you talking to DONNY! That's Governor Rossello!
Why don't you go over there?
OK, but the President of Puerto Rico is a feckless dotard-oh wait that's YOU.
Why don't you go over there?
The #Mayor of San Juan is not. @CarmenYulinCruz #open your heart to your people. Take off your #pink hat—it won’t feed your people.
He is demonstrating the same sycophant behavior you reward. Sad for people of PR
You never backed drown from all the negative  thanks Trump!
I'm sure he likes being called Ricky; Donnybrook. You dope.
Hey....Donnie!! His name is Ricardo not Ricky!!
Why don't you go over there?
The only one not working hard is you (how's that golf swing coming?)
How much did you pay him to say that?
Why don't you go over there?
F&k you, president poop emoji 
awesome
Of course he is working hard you're doing nothing. As usual. Already kissing ass
WHAT GRADE DI YOU FALL ASLEEP FIRST GRADE
#GoFuckYourself
I donny is lovable but i believe he is obvious of his passion for Putin and now for "Ricky" and include chico too.  Mr. President. I not con
Ricky is a Trump crony!
The humiliation has been big.
You don't kick the one on the floor
The exact opposite of you!!
Trumpy
Too bad the same can't be said about you!

He must be kissing up to you. Resign.
#ImpeachTrump

Don't call me Ricky.  My name is Ricardo, nutball.
UNLIKE YOU LOL STOP WINEING
You just ended his chance if re-election.
Don't believe the lies Ricky

Why the change of heart? Gonna do it again?
Were you expecting him to show someone... anyone... respect? Lol.
Oh so the MAN has your approval the WOMAN gets criticized?  You are a piece of work, real shitty work.
Don't be fooled Ricky @RicardoRossello #TrumpLies and he's under federal investigation for #Treason #WorstPresidentEver
Fake news
A great guy???? What kind of jackass statement is that? And, 'really working hard. Gawd you are a moron, Donald. A pure MORON!
Not according the the PR police = they say he is blocking food from being delivered
Does Rickey call you Donnie? How often does he go golfing with you?
Unlike you 
Ricky Ricardo? As in I Love Lucy? Brain death becomes you.
He was begging on the news earlier in The week. Guess you had a nice chat on the phone and changed his mind about that!
Racist
We had 20,000 troops in New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina. Why only 10,000 to PR? Airlift to those in need.
Hey Domny, your tweets are the soul reason i got a twitter account!  Good stuff big guy!
He’s Just kissing your ass.   Maybe he wants to be in your never ending revolving cabinet.
My family there got power back today, great work the the relief efforts Mr. President
I'm sick of people wanting to be SPOON fed. They got help! & still waiting for the spoon.
Ricky? Srsly?
Help Puerto Rico , All jokes aside something had to be wrong with this man! Seriously !! It's not about you!! God Help you
Shame I couldn't say the same thing about your office.
I Thank You President Trump for all your hard work 
The Mayor is an Opportunist.

Good cause your not those things
#NotMyPresident  #ever
Ricky? Seriously?
I can’t wait to call all my friends named Ricardo...Ricky!  With a y.  I might just call them Ricky Ricardo!

He must have kissed you just right
Bravo he is rallying his troops !
Don't thank him, like you are responding to praise. That LIE demeans you. Your EGO is your downfall. Need more troops. Send them!
That’s because he’s another one of your spineless yes men.
@ricardorossello has been direct, diligent, and dedicated. 
Continue in  for him and 
@DCDoubleHuss
Hahaha amazing..
spread the news
How was your golf game today?
He's a great leader to have to deal with your irresponsiveness & carelessness that have cost PR lifes. People without meds, water, & food
Praise from you is like stepping in dog shit
You are thinking of Ricky Ricardo from I love Lucy
#TrumpsKatrina
Trump stop the bullshit

Neighboring mayor praises Trump, says San Juan mayor playing 'politics,' AWOL at meetings http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/neighboring-mayor-praises-trump-says-san-juan-mayor-playing-politics-awol-at-meetings/article/2636185?utm_campaign=Washington%20Examiner:%20News%20From&utm_source=Washington%20Examiner:%20News%20From%20-%2009/30/17&utm_medium=email …
Give him time he'll piss you off too Then what?
Relieve the Jones Act! Do it today DJ! Cmon quit wuth thus pandering crap and DO SOMETHING.
Nice to see you still have plenty of Russian bots to like your tweets.
Well done Mr.Ricardo Rossello,keep going.
Awww does he call you Donny?
President Trump it's all in God and Jesus Hands, God is Speaking and still no one is listening this is God World and no one can stand
He's speaking by letting dozens die by natural disasters?

What do you call this? Hint: It isnt called golfing or tweeting or twiddling your tiny thumbs.
You are just saying that because he kissed your ass. You are incompetent and people in Puerto Rico are dying because of that.
He let you grab him by the pussy didn’t he?
Entitled to as Americans. We have no time to bicker we just need to get it done .. to the people of PR much love will be coming soon to help
He has also decided not to criticize you so he is a good guy.  You are a joke of a president
Our President are so on top of everything. He knows what it is to care and to let things really happen.
WTF is wrong with you Donnie?  You need to do your job. DO YOUR JOB!
