I remember when we had a President who allowed everyone to 'Dream', 'Hope' & 'Love'.  Now we have you who wants to do away with all this.
America is a country of Dreamers.  The American Dream wasn't meant only for those born in America.  We are rooted in immigration!
If you want to ban people from this country, then US Cities will take action themselves
You may be able to deport people, but you can't stop them from dreaming.  Hopefully you learn this before you're impeached!
Do you really feel it needed to announce you 'approve emergency declaration' when this is the worst storm out of the Atlantic ever?
Here goes our President again using a Hurricane to his benefit.  This isn't a rally!  #hurricaneirma2017
Emergency declared: @realDonaldTrump is an imminent danger to the United States & the world and he must be removed from office at all costs.
Why are you doing this a powerful hurricane is going to hit Florida lives could be lost yet you keep trying to push your agenda
We Have An Emergency Alright.... YOU!!!
KAPOOOW!
Next time instead of taking all the credit for Hurricane Relief why don't you give credit to the hard working men and women actually helping
FEMA is meanwhile almost broke and you are doing everything you can to defund climate science.  SICK & SAD!!
The Last Person I want leading the country during these disasters is YOU!  It honestly scares me to death!
1153 days, 11 hours, 4 minutes left
Add 4 years
maybe if he gets 15% of people who regret his election. Right now his 35% base are unshakable but he needs to do more
According to the same people who predicted he was going to lose? Get a grip, dork.
There's a reason he ran in 2016 not 2012, it was a open election. Even he thought he would lose & he did lose the popular vote by 3 million
He lost the popular vote because of one state. CA. This is exactly why we have the electoral college.
the electoral college was actually suppose to prevent someone like T rump from becoming president.  It failed bigly
It worked perfectly fine. Kept crazy ass Hillary out of the White House
How's that resignation tweet coming?
Bernie? NO REFUNDS!
Bernie should be POTUS instead Don the Con who has done nothing but embarrass the country.
How are you calling Trump a con when Bernie lied about taking the fight all the way to DNC, then didn't, and gave camp. $$$ to Hillary
Bernie is a honorable man.
I don't know what kind of universe you live in where lying to supporters then giving donation $$$ to opponent is "honorable"
Bernie never lies to supporters. I didn't agree w/his support of Hillary.He felt he had to do whatever he could so Trump not elected.But
Anyway nice tweeting with ya but I'm off to work
You want a cookie? That's what you're SUPPOSED to do,  you don't get a pat on the back for that!
Your need for adulation is disgusting! Do your job and stop worrying  about crowd size is in being the most, the biggest, the best, etc.
Why are you tweeting in the third person?
He has to so that he can believe that someone wrote something nice about him when he reads it
Or he's just submitting a headline to the links. But I suppose you guys would rather first comment than click on a link and read information
That would be a good argument if he didn't do it all the time.
Can you show me one quotation not used to refer to a link or headline.
No. Do your own research.
Lol
No I’m well aware of the fact that they’re links. but still, why would you tweet something about yourself In the third person, nothing else?
Proverbs 11:14
Where there is no #counsel, the #people fall; But in the #multitude of #counselors there is #safety.
Matthew 6:33
But seek first the #kingdom of #God and His #righteousness, and all these #things shall be added to you.
Fake Christians are irritating.
Matthew 11:18-19
For #John came neither #eating nor #drinking, and they say, ‘He has a #demon.’ The #Son of Man came #eating [1/3]
and #drinking, and they say, ‘#Look, a #glutton and a #winebibber, a #friend of #tax #collectors and #sinners!’ But #wisdom [2/3]
is justified by her #children.” [3/3]
Doing the least amount possible to protect us. 
Climate change is real. 

Just resign.
how do you know what he did or didn't do?  He is no longer president so you wouldn't know if he donated. We is T Rumps donation proof???
*where is T Rumps Donation proof???
THANK YOU for your EXCELLENT leadership, we sure need it

PROUD I voted for you! 

#MAGA
Non vegetarians are pure demons, avoid their company completely. They will be trapped in 84Lac birth and death cycle.

#Devil_Eat_Meat
Actually nonvegetarians are the blind follower , they don't know what's written in the Holy Bible.
Each one of these catastrophes will remind the world that you pulled out of the Paris climate accord.
No, I'm saying that man-made changes to the atmosphere will make this kind of storm more frequent. Learn to read and good luck in the storm.
Must Watch: The differences between a Category 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 Hurricane in regards to home damage. #IrmaHurricane
This is scary. I am surprised that a person can stand in a 5.
That's what I was thinking. How can a house fall down but a man is standing?
Okay, I watched video with full window and see man added!! LOL
Oh good. I didn't think of that and felt stupid for missing something!
Not funny
No, you're right; it's not funny and something should have been done about that before we put a clown in 1600 PA. 
Why are you speaking in 3rd person? #awkward
Trump SMASH!
So?
Its a bot dummy
Gee, thanks #*#!×&.
At least Hurricane Jose won't make it to the United States because you won't let him in...
I've never seen a president get so turned on by hurricanes...
Here you go talking to yourself in third person again!
Please don't "pray" at all... every time you do, the situation gets worse!
3 Years, 4 Months, 13 Days, 23 Hours, 7 Minutes, and 29 Seconds

Man with large knife 

Watch what happens 

…

  WE FOUND The 60
Minutes Interview George
Soros Tried To Bury  

Illegal alien is bragging
about breaking the law.

Arrest and deport  …

 He saved 669 children
from the Holocaust - now
watch the audience when
his secret is revealed.  

  FREE SPEECH

VS…

#Holocaust survivor has
a message for neo-nazis
white supremacists and
Antifa Terrorists  

The All-Star #NBA player
Ray Allen is on a mission
to #Educate about the
#Holocaust and fight…

45 years ago Palestinian
Terrorists killed 11 Israeli
athletes participating in
#Munich #Olympics …
Awesome!! President Trump is on the ball again!!
We are thankful to have you working on our behalf Mr. President 
God bless you always!
President Trump is large and in charge!!
God bless you and your wonderful Family
Sewing the seeds of love and putting America back together again!!
America  President Trump because President Trump  America!
@rushlimbaugh thinks #HurricaneIrma is #fakenews. Maybe you could have a Mar-a-Swampo soirée soon & invite him along?https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/the-fix/wp/2017/09/06/rush-limbaughs-dangerous-suggestion-that-hurricane-irma-is-fake-news/ …

Good time for you to go to Mar-a-Lago!
I'm in ft. Lauderdale. My home might be torn away. Why make such a nasty comment when so many of us are fucked? Thanks
Because shes a neo-liberal, and she's out of her fucking mind.
Trump can't stop a natural disaster and libs are saying he isn't doing enough
Because she filled w/ bitterness & resentment & thinks she's witty but actually has IQ of toilet bowl, can't think of anything clever 2say
Sounds spot on id say
"DRUMPF IS GETTING IMPEACHED" Says increasingly nervous man claiming stolen valor over the internet for the 40th time this week.
Stolen Valor?  I always love it when some rightwing punk says this. Bet if I saw you in person you wouldn't say that— would you snowflake?
Prayers to everyone in the path of #HurricaneIrma. The bond of the American people is stronger than any Hurricane. 
Hopefully the hurricane destroys Mar-a-Lago and leaves everything else unscathed!! #HurricaineIrma
I replied virtually the same to him.
It's the end of the world
"Latest update puts Mar-a-lago directly in path"
Even the planet is telling you to do your job instead of playing.
I'm glad that you're approving relief money. You can stop live tweeting the weather now. We have journalists and meteorologists for that.
Like the mayor of Houston who got people killed with late warnings?
You're a regular portrait in courage.  Please go to Mar-A-Lago this weekend to have the full Irma Experience.
"Climatic change is not real"
Deport DACAs
Theyre never getting deported, as they shouldnt.
>people who gave all their info including address to the gov won't be deported

Yeah let me know how that works out
Gearing up to sell more hats you Heartless, Racist, Breitbart Addled Clinical Narcissist. No one trust your self dealing administration. #Me
Gearing up to sell more hats you Heartless, Racist, Breitbart Addled Clinical Narcissist. No one trust your self dealing administration. 
I would go play golf a lot too if my disapproval rate was 56.7464% #HowDidWeGetHere
What about the immigrants you're trying to kill
#NiceTryTrump
Took you long enough to get to Houston
#NiceTryTrump
WTF you talking about?  There were search and rescue operations going on.  You think a President and his security entourage would help that?
Whatever man. 
It's all a shit show.
No President has ever been so on top of natural dissasters as Donald Trump is.
Praying for Florida and the islands in Irma's pathway.
Yo Irma, right here!!!
26.6771° N, 80.0370° W
Thank you my President #MAGA GOD BLESS PR AND USA!!!
He's doing his job. Try thank you.
Total DESTRUCTION in Puerto Rico
On behalf of the people of Puerto Rico, (we are all American Citizens) we THANK YOU for not forgetting us!!!! Thank You Mr. President 
Trump: How can we scare the shit out of everyone even MORE???
Irma: Hold my beer...
Or you can threaten us by letting Hillary run for POTUS again...that's terrifying.
Another prayer answered POTUS Trump! Watched all debates & hearing the crap coming out of her mouth was like nails on a chalkboard!
I gotta say, I've been in two war zones and was once robbed at gunpoint in Philly. The thought of her as POTUS was more petrifying than any.
Thank You for your service!  Just went through Hurricane Harvey live near Houston & would rather start over than HRC be POTUS!
Wow. Good luck to you. I'm on VA Beach, hopefully Irma stays out.
Thought & Prayers & yes Good Luck keeps Irma away ! Stay safe !!!!!
I'm watching her...I know a bitch when I see one. The last one I voted agst, this 1 I run from...cuz I know when to fight & when to haul ass
Don't punish 800,000 children because you're jealous of President Obama.  He'll always be a better a man than you. Accept it. #DACA 


Who?
"...up to the reduced limits I recently put into effect"

...for a stupid wall!
Why don't we build a wall/dome to stop these Tropical Storms?
The moon will pay for it!
It's the least you can do.
Coincidentally (or maybe not)  it's probably the *MOST* he's capable of doing as well.
You owe $1,000,000 to Texas flood relief.  Sell your toilet seat and pay it.
How much did you give Lisa??
More than Trump has.
Dont think so. You seen his rallies? The ones that show the people that msm hides? America is behind Trump. #Truth
He pledged a million dollars and hasn't paid up. He did the same for Hurricane Sandy and for the 9/11 fund.  He lies, always.
Is that what msm keeps telling you?  why do you keep believing what they tell you? Open your mind for yourself, not whats told to you.
MSM to you obviously means 'every journalist, anywhere in the world, who doesn't worship Trump.'  You want hagiography, not reporting.
Not so!! I give credit to any reporter who deserves it. But it is clear that they are biased. Cmon, who complains about 2 scoops ice cream
haters keep hating. President Trump is the best
Thank you Mr. President from the people of Florida, you are a great President
Our prayers with you. May all beings be free from harm and danger. Take care.
We all should pray for safety, evaluation, perseverance, and total bounce back.
Proof @CriminalHillary really only had Mostly just the ILLEGAL AND ILLEGALS VOTES
Are we gonna cut a deal with these hurricanes, or what?!
I hope your wife leaves a better legacy to your kids than your Dad did, while you're in jail.
Seriously. Here is the "legacy" #melanianaked
That's grandma though!
Praying for all in the path of Irma!
Praying For All Those In The Path Of This Huge Storm with the power of the finger of God
ALL The Promises Of GOD In Christ R YES And In Christ AMEN. To The Glory Of GOD Lord Jesus Christ. Eric You R Loved By The Most High GOD
Lord Jesus Christ Love Is GLORY And GLORY Reigns EVERDAY. We R Blessed And Unstoppable. GOD ALMIGHTY Moves With Us. Holy Spirit GOVERNS USA
All this is on you. The policies against reducing CO2 emissions are triggering climate change. These are the consequences

Why do they all look like this?
How do states in potential hurricane path get emergency declaration ahead of time, but states on fire get denied as they burn?!?!?!?!?!? 
Its CA and Montana, democrat states
Montana voted for Trump. Our state legislature is Republican. Our lone rep in in the US house is Republican. One of our 2 senators is repub
I'm so sorry you have those horrible fires... the media barely covers it each night, just a quick mention (and Montana is rarely mentioned)
Love the way president TRUMP keeps us all safe as possible..Thank you President Trump your awesome
I appove the use of umbrellas for my Florida employees.
#psa Referring to yourself in the third person doesn't make your statements more convincing, but it does remind us how creepy you are.
陕西难友多次向莲湖路工行讨要自己血汗钱购买时银行宣称：保本保息零风险的泛亚日金宝＂2年多未能取到1分钱，8月3日因无钱医治哥哥病死在银行，现银行不承认与其有关更不承担任何责任和费用[发怒] 吴妈妈8.3银行维权第35天SOS-中国版“老人与海”

1. Do you expect praise or something?
2. Why is that said in 3d person? Personality breakdown or something?
Thank you sir!
Also trending on our 'hot news' page:
'President Donald J. Trump stands up from table.'
'President Donald J. Trump scratches side of nose.'
.@realDonaldTrump: @Scavino45 should not tweet on your personal account because HE IS NOT THE REAL DJT. Please ask him to only use @POTUS!
.@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @Scavino45: I love our President. Nobody should fake his tweets. REAL should mean REAL, not tweets by anyone else!
.@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @Scavino45: How can Americans have 100% trust in our President if we cannot trust the authenticity of his tweets?
ohhhhh shit
Mr President please help us in Florida.  Our supplies are bare.  No water, no bread, no gas, no plywood.  We in Florida are trapped!
Lots of people we care about need supplies.
Thanks for the support Tom.
Congratulations?
Be funny if you were in arrears on your flood insurance

http://mashable.com/2017/09/06/map-trump-properties-hurricane-irma/ …
Thank you for all who are on board!  Our country must rise together...lije the Phoenix.
...like the Phoenix.
I've been thinking about the same thing
I am with you. He is a vile and disgusting human.
will you now also put money in hurrican protection, like dikes and such or is the wall more important
Most cities already have that in place.
houston didn't, half of florida doesn't
The costal cities do, didn't know it was the federal government job to provide all of that. It's the states
research states vs the federal government states act on their own for most of the time.
God Bless You My Wonderful president trump  for caring  on top of everting. Else's  ur doing wow you right on  ,the best president ,!! Ever
You're speaking in 3rd person?  At a restaurant, do you say "Donald J. Trump needs more bread" Or "Donald J. Trump is out of toilet paper"
Isn't that a joke. But what do you expect from a racist weasel???
Why is this a tweet? I'm serious.
Sure- cause Irma is going to hit Mar-a-Lago probably!  Otherwise he would give a damn!
We started doing these things while you were still fangirling over its size last night. Also you're speaking in 3rd person is weird...
Since when did we need you to approve anything?
It's like watching some odd recursive narcissism
Who gives a sh!t what you declare? Really!

You might as well tell us Santa Claus boils all those eggs for the Easter Bunny.
Imagine thinking you're stronger than a hurricane. A fucking hurricane.
Thank you for upholding the Constitution of this country. Only those who respect our laws should be granted the priviledge to live here.
Trump failed: National Hurricane Center lacks director, also NOOA. Trump’s candidate, Jim Bridenstine, has no scientific qualifications.

Come to Biafra land build more good dreams,God will fulfill them for us. we are together, thanks.
Proud of you for staying on top of all of this & thankful you're our President! God bless you!
I approve

Your indictment
Your impeachment
Your inprisonment 

And take your little dog (Pence) with you
If you need donations of salt to help dry up the Hurricane disasters, there are great reserves in the comments under a Trump Tweet.
IF WE RELY ON YOU FOR HELP WE ARE ALL DEAD! THANK GOD FOR HIS MERCY, GRACE & FOR HIM BEING A PLACE OF REFUGE IN TIMES OF DANGER! #GOTGOD?
Thank you, President Trump for being the best President since George Washington!
Hahahaha! This is the best joke ever!
Says the Soros paid bot, lol!
Have you built your protective wall around @MarALago yet? Better get more funding for that, right? #Facepalm
How appropriate! You realize Trump's an idiot, right? #irony
Agreed. And I certainly recognize that it takes every type of person to make the world go 'round. I'll never agree with everyone. ;) Cheers!
Why are the METEROLOGISTS not trying to STOP hurricane Irma with technology, a weather bomb OR SOME SCIENTIFIC MEANS?!  Don't DO NOTHING!
You want weather men to have bombs?!
Specifically & scientifically constructed to fight a hurricane! Not an atomic, hydrogen or nuclear bomb..for Pete' sake! Use your head!
Excellent head on my shoulders. You want weathermen to have a bomb that can stop a hurricane. Would never be used against ppl by evil.
@WalterDavidScot @johnwschlitt @JosephPrince @Franklin_Graham @StephLD @Queensland @RLewis77

That's good.
President Trump people are fleeing a natural disaster and the merchants are killing people, asking them not to raise prices
God bless everyone in the storm's path. We are praying for you.
drop a bomb on it 3 on north korea
DON'T blame Trump ...Obama doesn't care .if he did he would have sent a message to Congress to pass a law..
From our Atlanta entry we suffered several restaurants and toilets were closed in the middle of the night
@EdKrassen you are serious trolling on our President's page to support your own agenda? On a tweet about a hurricane? Get a life man! #MAGA
WOW, these amazing replies to a natural disaster... A few children calling to impeach... How childish... No legal right by the way...
Hey Donnie, How about that $876,000,000 FEMA budget CUT you're pushing? Almost a billion dollars LESS to effectively do its job!  Sad. #FEMA
You really need to "approve" that? That storm is literally the worst storm they could face! 
President is an action aimed type. He is not believing in mere words which are lacking in other democracies. It is born with AMERICANS.
Maybe you could get the USFS to use the SuperTanker on the part of the USA that's on Fire! 
.@LarsLarsonShow 
#oregonfires 
#PnwFires
Four hurricanes and an ignorant idiot as POTUS who denies climate change. Sad!
Now @POTUS has become a public service message? Give him his phone back.
If USA stayed in talks as part of the solution for #climatechange you wouldn't need emergency funding. Restore USA to great. #healtheworld
There is something wrong with your mind.
You people are all crazy to post stuff like that when those in Florida are suffering. Go away. @EdKrassen
Where is your million dollar donation?
A way of God telling you the climate change is real.
#YourHandsAreSoBig
Come on @realDonaldTrump ,  say the words!!  Radical Global Warming!!  ...Wait, no that can't be right.
Mar-a-Lago, Mar-a-Lago, Mar-a-Lago, Mar-a-Lago,Mar-a-Lago, Mar-a-Lago, then you can really play the victim
Congratulations PRESIDENT TRUMP GRANDPA!!!!!!!!
And our emergency?
Oh, wait, I forgot, you guys calling for impeachment don't care about filing paperwork legally for a legal solution.. like entering the US
WHO THE HELL IS OUR HURRICANE DIRECTOR? Oh wait!!! We don't have one...
Good thing taxes exist so there are gov resources to help ppl! Almost as if "small gov" maybe isn't the best way to do everything... 
where do people go who have no way?
Never liked. You.   BUT Teaming up to get shit done.... your on too something good now
Good job. Such a big boy!
Thank You Mr. President! Even though #HurricaineIrma is past #PuertoRico we are getting a lot of rain.  Most of the island is without power!
'President' Donald J. Trump Approves Emergency Declarations
#climatechange is real you delusional old fool
Is that a mental illness to always refer to yourself in the third party?  Mentally ill President for sure.
The United States are under a State of Emergency due to your Lame Duck Presidency!
Bangkok Bank 1655585964
Mr President.  Don't forget Montana.  They need your help too.
Adelante presidente ... PDD
Now we have a President that follows the Constitution of the USA. US will no longer fund Immigration and foreign wars. Drain the swamp.
Stop bashing him for everything he does! Never any praise for the good he does! So sick of the negativity! Thank you Mr President!
God bless!
Thank you. President Trump. For the links, and info. Declarations for state of FL
The people of the United States approves of your #impeachment. #ImpeachTrumpNow #LyingGrifterPOTUS
大型のハリケーンね
Sweet memories of FL KEYS make this devastation even harder to face  #Irma 
 #BeInconvenient as #FutureIsClean   https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=h1Etl9UjIxI …
Don't worry @DonaldJTrumpJr, @IvankaTrump and @EricTrump are going to join you. Daddy #trump will take care of himself.  Ivanka is toast.
Love my potus trump
We are runaway from Florida and traders are raising prices for us
May God bless America !
Resign #signs

Many prayers up, and safety for Fl., and all others afflicted by coming hurricane.
are you already on your knees praying to God for your Mar-A-Fuck-All golf resort?
Is #maralago open to public for shelter for those needing safe place?
