Why? Why would any sinking rational human being want to come listen to you plus have to pay! You are toxic. You are politically Radioactive
Why is this asshole holding rallies when he's in office 7 mos.?
MAGA
Wasting our money for one of your narcissistic pep rallies. Pathetic.
I hope you can come to Maine
Great on my 40th birthday you have a rally in my state.  Ughhh
Donald Trump is a secret Nazi
You are a national embarrassment and no one wants to go to your Nazi rally not anyone with a sense of decency.
No thanks. Worked at a psych hospital for years. Been there, done that.
No one likes you!

You employ actual racists @SebGorka
Here's the proof. This makes your a racist. #DoSomethinGOP
And your friend Bannon loves them.
BREAKING: Bannon calls neo-Nazi White Supremacists his people. He must go! We did not win WWII for neo-Nazi counsel. https://www.axios.com/what-steve-bannon-thinks-about-charlottesville-2473751951.html …
And your father was a member of the KKK.
I didn't know this till recently, @realDonaldTrump @POTUS 's dad Fred Trump marched in 1927 for KKK & was arrested. 
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/the-fix/wp/2016/02/28/in-1927-donald-trumps-father-was-arrested-after-a-klan-riot-in-queens/ …
And you knew about #charlottesville in advance and did nothing.
#REALNEWS http://www.politicususa.com/2017/08/14/trump-warned-white-supremacist-violence-threat.html …
And here's former KKK leader David Duke thanking you for your disgraceful speech yesterday.
From a fake president
No thank you...
Didn't the mayor of Phoenix tell you he doesn't want u there. Aren't the white supremacist, kkk,or neo-nazis having a rallie somewhere  u
Hopefully u won't be president then #MUELLER
I will not be there to listen to you promote white American genocidal terrorists!
Even after you've been asked not to by the mayor. You're such a clown. #ImpeachTrump
Join you for what??? Who wants to go to a rallie and listen to a man who lies so much about so many things
AKA a Klan rally.

TRUMP WAS RIGHT

Are you handing out tiki torches?
Which rally is this - klan or campaign?
He's been talking about pardoning Sheriff Joe, and how the Left is violent, so I'm guessing he's making an announcement intended to inflame.
Come to greenville sc
Having another Nazi/Klan rally? Who the hell would go to THAT? You have almost nobody left. Maybe you can save a little face if you #Resign.
Why the hell are you still doing these self centered rallies. Just stay put and actually do your fucking job! You need to get a MRI of head!
Will you be talking about your fake presidencies expected short life or how you love fascists?

Oooh, will Chachi be there?
hopefully there will be some 2nd amendment people there, if you know what i mean
Another way for you to raise money for your legal fund?
Trump rallies are a modern day name for Nazi gatherings.
You claim trumps a racist with no proof, besides there is proof it's called a history book and you'd be amazed if you could read
Get to work for gods sakes. President don't do campaign rallies #FakePresident
Phoenix doesnt want you and your KKK friends here!
T hin skinned
R eality challenged
U nhinged
M oronic
P utzpuppet
I'd rather eat a bag of shit.
Leave talking with shit in your mouth to Trump supporting Nazis. (that's all trump supporters)
#Resistance
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan @GOPLeader  @GOPoversight  This is ALL YOUR mess now. Unless you IMPEACH Donnie.
May GOD keep you safe!
Why do you have to go terrorize them in Arizona they don't want you there either.
oh God
Are the NAZIS gonna be there? My guess would be YES!
At the very least everyone in the audience will be a Nazi symathising white supremacist cult follower. Basically, the worst part of America.
Hello? Anyone home? You were kindly requested to stay away!
#NoTrumpRallies
You're a mess. Resign already, we all see it coming.
They don't want you to come. Why are you holding rallies anyway?
I'd rather poke my eyes out with a fork.
Thanks, though.
Hey, if Heather Heyer was so "incredible" and "special," why do you piss on her grave with this rally and alleged pardon of racist Arpaio?
Tiki torches will be provide , just bring your own bed sheets.
Sorry, not sorry, can't come. Got to pick my toe nails.
Hey dork head, Robert E. Lee & Stonewall Jackson were confederate generals, Washington & Jefferson were Presidents.
 Please denounce .@SenJohnMcCain & .@JeffFlake , they're traitors.
Don't do this rally please . You will make things so much worse.
Listen to mayor of Phoenix--stay home!
The city doesn't want you there and America wants you out of the White House.
Please, please act presidential at the rally. I'm worried about you.
But only if you are a cult member. Opposing beliefs not tolerated and are subject to violent ejection.
I'm fmr FBI, rptd fraudulent vetting, then fired. I req to meet w/you at Phoenix Rally. Whistleblower Goals attchd https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HS_yJNQNH9o … …
Good Michael luck w your objectives I hope you get some answers and are able to share your concerns 
Kelly, thank you.  I believe @POTUS will contact me.  Best regards, Mike
Thanks!.As a US naval officer I took an oath to protect USA, I kept my oath. As FBI, I took similar oath, and I am keeping this oath, too.
Do we need you sir!! A truth of these attacks by criminals on innocent people and property. Way back to the travon martin
come to California please Mr,@POTUS
Good Lord, no! It's pretty SAD that you are still doing rallies instead of learning the business of leadership and progress, donald. #RETIRE
Trump doesn't give a shit about anything but himself .
Disgusting
Last nail in your coffin, sir.

No one likes you
Another hitler and kkk rally??
They don't want you there
Phoenix Mayor Greg Stanton wants Trump to stay away from city next week because of Charlottesville. Fears would enflame emotions.
... rally for what? Small hands means small ding dong too... and very small brain...

Your not welcome in Arizona.
Glad to know you didn't cancel. It'll be a great rally, as always.
LOL 
Love to but I have to clean the cat box
#NoTrumpRallies
You wish snowflake
Ow you hurt me
On November 8th we did dope.
tRump going down in flames and you're proud of his cheating win. Says a lot about you.
You really are a true snowflake, even Intel agencies say no votes were hacked cupcake. 

You're pathetic!
Didn't say votes were hacked. I said he cheated. Met with russians it's fact. Pathetic is still supporting this loser after all he has done.
Trump met with Russians? Where's your citation dope? Come on show me some proof. FYI: Collusion isn't a crime, ask Hillary and DNC /Ukraine
Oh, I'm in trouble.  Let me find a bunch of racists to rally with to boost my ego.
Stop campaigning & start governing! You're more interested in admiration then doing the job!
Wish i could sir. Ive watched every one of your rallies on you tube. Best president of my lifetime. First vote i ever cast.
no doubt lol.  You ppl don't know the difference between saying and doing.
Should we bring our own swastika armbands or will you be handing them out at the door?
We will be watching!! We have watched every single one of your rallies since last year, just love them!  THANK YOU!!
DO NOT ATTEND RALLY SIR TILL THE USA LIBERALS r happier about things...PLZ!! THEY'RE hurting, confused. U must be a father to them, plz sir.
Nobody wants you in AZ, CA or any other state - resign or defect to Russia - Thanks @cnn @wsj
Will you be wearing your white-conehead hoodiie?
YOU DA DONALD !!!!
Yes! Stay strong @POTUS ..
Join Donald at BIG ANTI FASCIST RIOT  Tuesday, August 22nd in Phoenix, Arizona outside the Phoenix Convention Center. Anti FÜHER RALLY!
The Mayor is hoping that you don't come! So much winning, I mean whining.
Cancelling the event. AZ despises you.
I can't wait til you come back to WA State. I will be there this time! We love that you speak direct to us! Thank you for #MAGA for us.
Nazi rally ?? 
For annual blow job rally.  That's only thing that keeps you going n
Sorry monthly not annual.
Charging people to pat you on the back. Such a narcissist.SAD
We love you Mr.Trump  in Pittsburgh..You are a  strong and smart man in our White House..I was so happy and excited when you won..what a day
yeah you ppl don't care that he hasn't done anything, as long as he says he is lol.
Yassss!!! An anti Mensa convention!!! #bethereorbesquare
Anti MENSA! I love it 
Stop holding rallys and do your job dude! Wtf!
Really, grown adults calling people Nazis. What a well thought out,  articulate drivel. I'm sure. Your side lost. No one hears you.
You were uninvited to Phoenix racist!
they DON'T want u there,  u neo-nazi lier
Join me at 7:00 P.M. on Tuesday, August 22nd in Phoenix, Arizona at the Phoenix Convention Center! Tickets at:… https://...
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

THE PLEASE HELP ME RALLY! FU¢k off!
You have to rely on constant #Advertising. I'm sorry.
So you're still going along with rally even after Phoenix mayor asked that you please postpone due to recent events! POS
Why are you having rallies?? You won. Now try to do your job and quit holding these ego building events!!! Such a child!
Ya'll gonna be handing out torches or so we need to bring our own?
Oh please pardon the sheriff. It will absolutely prove you're racist. #trumpfail
My daughter & I want to be there so much!Trying to work out the financials.May God prepare you for all things.We pray for your safety#MAGA
he will pay you if you are of color! $10 per hr!
When you said we all salute same flag, did you mean Nazi or Confederate?  You are a lying coward. Seek professional help. #impeachtrump
You're the stupidest thing to exist on human history!
Stay strong the Lord is on your side.
Why do you require continuous rally's? To stroke your own ego?
Why is this fool still campaigning?  And why are fools buying tickets?
My wife and I live in California and will not be able attend,but will be praying for you.
Only authoritarian world leaders need to hold rallies to raise their egos
We will be watching president Trump. Give them hell out there lim sure it will be sold out. #maga
You are not welcome there.  Do not impose your will over the people who live there.  Surely there are others you can feed off of.
That mayor is another McCain.
You're having a rally?! No. Sir. U condemn & apologize for hate u have fomented. Work to repair public trust. Otherwise u fail. #NotMAGA
Don't forget your hood! #ImpeachTrump
Ticket verification is not working.Tryed several times with different numbers #PhoenixRally #Phoenix #FreeSpeechRally
God help us--not another damn reelection rally. Better beef up your security--many people  aren't very enamored of you right now.
People spreading hatred w tiki torches make our country unsafe!
Hope you'll be endorsing Dr. KELLI WARD. And please no more backing @SenMajLdr's picks. All are lackeys to retain his power.
So wish I could be there, but have torn mesnicus.  Good luck Mr President!  We're still 100% behind you.
Love you Prez - don't back down 
No #%^\ing way
Wouldn't it be great if no one showed up?  Or just white racists?  Oh wait--that is UR usual audience
Don't forget it's BYOH (Bring Your Own Hood)
What a joke... your ego is so damaged #unemployed #throwuout
They asked you respectfully NOT TO COME... however your huge ego will not listen, even those the world is in mourning. Who's grandstanding??
Are you going to pardon a racist sheriff. That should show your true colors even more.

Why does a sitting (or in your case, squatting) president feel the need to have "rallies?" No one likes you, dude. Give it up. Go back to TV
Still campaigning? I thought you won already.
Walmarts in Phoenix better stock up on Tiki torches and bed sheets! #MAGA
WHY ARE YOU CAMPAIGNING?  You won't last out the year. Huge waste of time and money.
So I hear you've been asked not to come??
Guess you missed this in all the chaos, huh? Not too late to cancel & honor ...oh, never mind. WHAT. A. #LOSER, DJT.
https://twitter.com/MayorStanton/status/897963549514911744/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.phoenix.gov%2Fmayor …
The mayor doesn't want you to visit.

#Phoenix doesn't want you there.
#WhiteSupremacist
You are not even worth the dust of the road
Please help us protect our business not only for us but for our employees. Sincerly Armine Gdlian
Did you hear?  THEY DON'T WANT YOU TO COME!  They think you are a liability.  Of course you don't care about them, only yourself.
Why?
Phoenix doesn't want you there. America doesn't want a white supremacist KKK president. Resign.
I asked the Google for an image of a "monkey wearing a confederate flag as a diaper"... Ya know, to accentuate my argument/insult: no luck!
Rally for what? How about putting in a days work?
Stop with the campaign rallies! Stand up for what America believes in & stop stroking your own ego...you're the leader of the free world
Stop campaigning for 2020, you'll be impeached by then! Deal with today's REALITY! #denial
Shouldn't you be running a country or something. #45racist #TheRealDonaldTrump
PROUD of #MyPresident. Wish I could be there!!
Please don't come
I just hope you don't cause a riot or a protest.  you are not welcome and there may be a lot of people there to remind you of this.  you are
Rock on!!!!
And still you continue to rally? Next stop Nuremburg?
BEST PRESIDENT EVER!
They don't want you. Queen Elizabeth doesn't want you. Nobody wants you.
Sponsored by dockers, chaps polos and Home Depot.
Free torch with every admission?
#NoTrumpRallies #NoTrumpRallies  Phoenix doesn't need the hate & division you bring everywhere you go. #FakePresident #NaziPOTUS #KKKTrump
I wish I could go, however I will watch as usual and continue to PRAY for you, your family and ADMINISTRATION.  I WILL ALWAYS STAND W YOU!
