That is literally what activism is. Your understanding of democracy is what's sad.
No, you moron, they're angry CITIZENS.
You really shouldn't believe everything Vladimir tells you.
They're called Americans. They have opinions. They voice them. Welcome to the U.S.
@realDonaldTrump #shitstain #ConmanInChief #IllegitimatePOTUS #ResistanceIsDemocracy #ThisIsDemocracy #WeWillNotQuit #TheResistance 
It's called free speech
In latest place, constituents held up their voting cards to show they were indeed Republicans and wanted answers.

@Loree_Sea obama is paying them 1500 a day with benefits for weekends
Where do I sign?
.@realDonaldTrump The so-called President tweeting about an upcoming TV  interview while a soldier gave his last full measure.  THATS sad!
you realize that the country is all people. Liberal and conservative. Your JOB is to serve both not just your voters. Sad!
...the constituents of the United States, the people you work for, are the ones who are protesting and we will continue
and by "planned out" you mean angry constituents convened as part of our country's process! Are we on Candid Camera?
That's not the case. People are angry, Donald. And #GOP reps are too cowardly to listen to them. To do their jobs. Pathetic
you know what's sad ? Having you as the president! Pathetically sad!
sure...Because there's no way that many people are genuinely mad at Republicans or at your horrible administration, right?
Damn right we're planned, organized & ready for you & GOP traitors to be taken out of power. Don't underestimate us. 
stop trying to divide Republicans and Democrats. There are plenty of Republicans who also think you're a joke.
"So-called" angry? Why would we protest if NOT angry with your #TrumpRussiaCollusion & pathological lying about the factual media. #Traitor
yes, we are organized and using our First Amendment rights! I know you would love to take that right away, but we resist!
"The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually, in numerous cases" angry crowds.  #Sad
This is delusional. You lost the popular vote, we the people (rep & dems) are exercising our right to be heard.
Thats  a load of crap and you know it. You know it because you make it up as you go along. Start acting like a grown up.
The people are very real & many (unfortunately)voted for you.Discounting their concerns reflects how bad of a prez you are.
provide proof to this ridiculous statement please.
@Ironwand same here in the UK Mr president we call them rent a mob
Stop speaking out of your ass! You know NOTHING about our country. Donald Trump LOST the election by more than 3million votes. He is DIVIDING our country. We REFUSE to just roll over and take it! WE WILL RESIST!!
Wait. What? We aren’t “so-called” angry crowds. We are angry. We are liberal. We are organized. And we do protest because we have a constitutional right to do so. Suck it up, buttercup.
clink clink...get use to that sound
nope. just concerned Americans that want REAL FACTS not your #alternativefacts
Because we are sick and tired of you and your cronies are destroying America a day at a time!
Stop denying start listening. You can't claim to be our president and not care what over half of America thinks. That's sad
the sad things is you have "blame" for everything...
no they aren't. They are your bosses, the American people.
Really? You are out of your mind Trump. Face the facts, we don't like you!
So called?  No they are angry and its,Republicans too.
this so called communication from a so-called President isn't making you look very smart. Be a big boy and talk to people.

At a town hall in in Colorado, citizens hold up their state IDs to prove to GOP that they are 100% real constituents 
What color is the sky in your make believe world?
participation doesn't end at the ballot box
Nope..,wrong again, Orange one.
said the man who encouraged his supporters to get into fistfights
Thats so funny, Donald...I guess all pissed off constituents are now "liberal activists."  Guess again, buddy.
Poor Donald. Too fragile to accept that real Americans love their country and hate your attack on Constitution.
What proof do you have?
Sure they are, Mr. So-Called President. I think it's time to consider psychological help. Your view of the world is askew.
Paid activists and rioters. 
Why can't you grow up? Why haven't you matured? Why are you still so obsessed with Obama and Hillary?
Change your diaper.
Sorry, was that supposed to be an insult or something?
Don,the citizens want to know if you will financially benefit from the policies you're pushing and what foreign govts have you by the ball$.
Yeah, former Trumpsters cannot think for themselves or get pissed when they've been deceived and lied to!  Especially vets!
Yes, we are not really angry, just pretending to be for pay.  Well, maybe a little angry because, WHERE'S MY PAYCHECK?  /s
Rosie O'Donnell is angry. Angry at White people. What the heck was that comment isnt she white and rich? Sad Racist she is!
they get to be there because it's their district, the fact that they're liberal has no meaning.
This coming from the so-called president. What a joke.
Much like the massively destructive riots that erupt during Black Lives Matter marches or protests or whatever.Planned.Sad!
When I ws w/d early 90's Reynolds campaign I ws a plant n d audience of our opponent 4 d #Sunday b4 d #March1990 electn day
can we talk about the white terrorist attack in Kansas ??? Or does that not matter to you?
. Thank you Mr America tell us about the financial crisis before March 15 seize all political parties properly banks show us
Isn't it some kind of requirement to be president that your thoughts be based in reality???
.@realDonaldTrump They aren't "planned by activists", they ARE the activists. They are politically active=definition of activist.
very very bigly boring.

......really???.....fake
Sad that you have no idea how the government works.  If you win an election you had a duty to represent all the people.
LIAR! People r ANGRY, u work for US! #ListenToUs
You lie!
where is your proof? Stop making unprovable accusations ! #unpresidential
Republicans are there because U lied to your voters in droves. People see the truth.
I suppose your job ratings are fake?
I voted for you. Alternative Energy is the future. We need it Now.
What’s wrong with that? Do you believe we should all just stand up & cheer for you & your cronies? That is not what our country has ever been. If you want more applause, do something that helps people & quit being so divisive!
Good god you’re now denying the voices and concerns of these people? Many of them voted for you. You LIED TO THEM; I think they have a right to be angry.
Wow! People plan protests! What a shock!
And why shouldn't ANY AMERICAN protest their tax-paid Congressmen of any party ? Why not be organized, unlike your @WhiteHouse mess? Whiner.
Are you crazy?  Oh wait.
In all cases.
thank u for your hard work on making America great again and wanting to keep America safe you are supported by many people
Name a specific Republican district, and the liberal activist who planned angry crowds. You can't. Sad!
You area liar and no matter how you try to blame others for your actions, the fact remains, YOU ARE A LIAR!
Mr. President, I know your getting a lot of flack from the Democrates but you are doing a great job Sir
get a brain
37% approval says the outrage is real.FBI investigation says the outrage is justified.Court after court says you are wrong.
what's sad is your the president show the people your taxes Russian love!
show your taxes
Just like a Russian planned out so-called U.S. President. Sad!
@MiaAlecia_
keep up the good fight. WeAre with you.
Go trump go
Donald trump i love your hair
You ARE INSANE!! #medicatetrumpnow
make humanity great again, dump the fake president trump, very sad
You need to stand your ground with these Democrats. If they continue to go against you they need to go. We want them gone.
You can see how many paid protestors advertise on Craigslist!
reality distortion?
you are sad, excuses, excuses, excuses, you are FIRED
What a blow-hard you are...can't take the heat and blaming Pres. Obama...how SAD you are!!!
and blaming Obama for organizing them? Can you say PARANOID. Stop lying already enough is enough #Trumprussia
actually they're tired of you, as a so-called president. sad!
do you realize you work for all of us..reps..send..now getting working..or in ur own words..you're fired!
Fake news Mr. President. You are the master of fake news. your fake news.
do you have proof of this!?
you are spot on.  Keep up the good job
Like the paid people you bring to your rallies?
NO THEY ARE NOT!!!!!! WE'RE ANGRY! JUST US, YOUR AVERAGE CITIZEN WHO HAVE HAD TO LISTEN TO YOUR BS FOR ONE MONTH.
Where's my check?  Real Patriots fight injustice because it's morally wrong.  We #Resist for free.
@CtBrokerRoks and with the media time given appear to bigger deals than they are
you are our president. Sad!
Nope. Wrong.
Voters are letting YOU & republicans know that they want real action! Time to buckle in sweetheart, its how this works!  @realDonaldTrump
are they still not their constituents?
I recently gave The Honorable Senator Marco Rubio my mobile number, if you'd like to give me a call, Mr. President. 
Reply to @realDonaldTrump does it ever occur to you that people are protesting cause policies you make suck
#FakeNews #LiarInChief
here's a thought,why not use words to reach out to everyone? "all Americans,hear these words:u will never be ignored again" @realDonaldTrump
#fakenews
Activism in the cause of justice is patriotism. Happy!
#ImpeachTrump then #LockHimUp its that easy.
you're doing a great job. Don't forget our youth the future of America
not staged as your rallies were
get them Mr. President, much love brother!
.@realDonaldTrump the so-called supporters at rallies of US Presidents are actually, in numerous cases, planned by nationalist thugs. Sad!
water them down!!!
Why do you insist on acting like you all the time? It's like you've become a ridiculous caricature of yourself
STOP RETWEETING this person. This is what he wants us to do!
You are the best Mr President keep the faith. My wife just got her citizenship the legal way and can't wait to vote for you. God bless
#shitstain #ConmanInChief #IllegitimatePOTUS #ResistanceIsDemocracy #ThisIsDemocracy #WeWillNotQuit #TheResistance 
They got paid to rallying around USA to against Republican to take over our government next elections. Don't be fooled USA.
no shit. That's how activism works dummy
When your Winning the Argument, Haters will always hate.
wow, to think liberals exist even in republican areas.. makes you want to rethink your policies, huh?
I guess that's why you're sad :'(
@redcloud5628 Americans are not alarmed by fake protests, fake riots, or fake news. We are on to the liberal schemes!
@MyTrumpUSA @realDonaldTrump @redcloud5628  I think YOU'RE a liberal scheme. Prove you're not.
I couldn't care less what you think.
You couldn't care less? I disagree. You responded 3 times to my trolling. I think you do care. You sense a superior intellect.
I sense an inferiority complex. LOL you just admitted your a TROLL.
I say superior, you copy with inferior. Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery. Thank you so much!  #BlackOutTrump
If you allow this false flag chemical attack ignite a war with Russia, YOU WILL LOSE YOUR BASE SUPPORTERS!
No shit Sherlock. We protest, we rally, we push for change. As the President your supposed to appreciate and applaud that not criticize it. #daysarenumbered
Propaganda
For once you can take credit for something you actually inspired. An entire nation of likeminded souls rose up to denounce everything about your filthy being!
Now go yourself!
That is preposterous and you know it.  We know the Republicans are angry.  Congress gets calls all the time.  Grow up and stop blaming everyone else.
The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually, in numerous cases, planned out by liberal...
Just like your planned activists on Facebook & Twitter you know the fake ones put out there by Cambridge Analytics & Putin
I resist the Race baiters, Mr. President, & am not White but Irish Catholic
Or we are actually fucking angry at the traitor/nazi/white supremacist who is pretending that he is president. #trumprussia
Pres. Trump, isn't it time to really go after the Enablers of these misguided protestors so all of the USA can get 2 MAGA?
Prove it or its fake news.
We know. They are bussed in. Should be forced to show id. Btw we all support you no matter what the media says.
strange how the only person in America that can fire the FBI investigator is the person that's being investigated
That's another lie
worst hundred days
Donal get a life
and all you got are white nationalists punching women in the face.....I would think you're the sad pathetic one.
what color is the sky in your world.U R always whining-grow UP. ACT like a President. U R representing the USA not ur base.
"liberal activists" = your constituents. Sad you don't know that. Sad you constantly seek to divide, not unite. Sad.
those Republicans have Democratic constituents to represent.  How it works.
You are delusional, not to mention stupid!
In my view, sir, you are a pathetically weak and utterly contemptible man.
doesn't know his ass from a hole in the ground!  Sad!
Oh, OK. So Republicans and tea-party protests have never been "planned out?"
Oh WAH WAH ya big crybaby. People don't like what you're doing, plain and simple. The crowds and the anger are real. Deal with it. SAD.
Libs suck MR. President  don't  listen to them I think  your doing great.
I’m a Registered Republican & Trump SUCKS!! How can you look beyond his lies?!
Any, uh, evidence? I do quite enjoy evidence to back up claims...
Nah! They're seeing the light and working on their own!
(1) The number of liberal activists grows exponentially, & (2) Liars like "yourself" cannot make accusations without proof
Quit , go way you are a discrase, you said over and over repeal and replace, now you say you never did say it, liar looks tapes
where did you get that from? Same person told you Obama tapped your phone? Going to gaol Don. If you want some advice.
Can't you understand that not everyone likes you? What is wrong with planned protests against you and the Reps?
I'm independant, my wife might register Republican
it's ok u still have a voice
John 8:44 you all day
you politicians are miserable representatives of the people.
The liberal activists you speak of are American people that you work for. Demonizing the other half of this country. Classy
nationwide CCW ASAP!!!! We need to protect our selfs from these crazy liberals
let's hope they're smart enough to know the difference.
why don't you talk to real people like myself and 7 adult chikdren who have really struggle in America. Hear our voices PLS
I taught my children to Love ALL people..Now we have YOU spewing hate, taking our insurance and giving tax breaks to rich!
Im NOT an activist! I'm  mother of 7 adult children, who are NOT rich, who work hard and are so worried about their futures
NOT true! I protested on 2 occasions against your hatred, taking away our medical and spewing your false statements.Im real
do not cut our Medicare program you are now making me a supporter question u
more lies.
you just keep telling yourself that!
KEEP SHOWING THE #WORLD YOUR UTTER #STUPIDITY!! #TRUMPISAJOKE
