Trump is a complete joke. The only foreign policy decisions he makes are the ones that Russia supports.
We have a real Putin Puppet in the White House.
Why did Trump feel the need to say something positive about Russia in a tweet about North Korea? Weird.
Guess he's NoT even tryin' to hide his love for Russia, anymore. He's gotta get back in good w/ Putin, since he signed those sanctions! LoL
Trump was never in the good with Putin, you moronic imbecile.  How do sleep at night knowing you spread cancerous lies all day?  #TRUMP2020
Do you know you're a robot?
So does that mean we should just ignore the fact that you colluded with them???
You are the biggest joke in the history of the universe.
You are a joke to your family as well. http://ir.net/news/politics/126572/report-ivanka-don-jr-eric-implicated-ny-money-laundering-investigation/ …
It's time to resign!!!
So is treason still a capitol offense? Just wunderin'. -dc
You would think right?
It is
Give some proof of how Trump committed treason
Which hole are you on?
Thank you Stacie for that vision in my head. No sleep for me tonight... 

Make that the month of August.

Im off to find a therapist.
Theres not enough alcohol on earth...



Nice work ethic, LazyBoy
Really?
Half that shot he didn't even do. Others are 'he signed a paper'.  

Name a single fiscal policy passed or ANY significant legislation.
So, in your world passing legislation like healthcare & tax reform is so easy it should be done in 6 months? Maybe you should be President
Umm. Trump campaigned on all of those things being that easy. In fact most was a "day 1" thing.
Trump is trumps highest priority
That's because Russia knows you will be IMPEACHED and then the US will come for them!
You are as dumb as your son!
It won't be long until your ignorance puts you behind bars.
Ignorance is a crime? Hmm.. where's the actual facts that he did something wrong?
BOT and paid for comrade
Are you going to release a statement undermining the sanctions like you did after you signed the Russian sanctions bill?
If you think Americans will feel good about Russia signing the NK sanctions after they interfered in our elections, you are wrong!
Trump follows Putin's orders. So Russian support was crucial for him.
Trump needs to promote American interests!
That ship has sailed, he's barely pretending; he should be impeached just for violating the oath, before we even get to treason&laundering$$


For the Trumps, it's only a matter of time before they're doing time.
Too little too late.  You have lost the center, moderate Republicans, Democrats, liberals, progressive! Your left just with 39% Base! Resign
You're very silly. One of West Virginia's senators just became a republican thanks to trump. Resign from twitter.
Whatever you do, don't read anything about how he sold a mine to Russians, then bought it back.
Classic money laundering.
Or about his Modeling agency with minors from E. Block with their ages changed on passport!Ya, your Trump! If you have daughter Trump is bad
Ty!
Philippians 4:23
The #grace of our #LordJesusChrist be with you all. #Amen.
Psalm 37:39
But the #salvation of the #righteous is from the #Lord; He is their #strength in the #time of #trouble.
where in the Bible does it say to spam Donald Trump tweets with Jesus nonsense?
Well with how much practice he gets...
Good one! High five!
Great job!!!
Great job what? Posing for a pic at a private school & refraining from telling the kids stories about his hot parties and rich friends? Yay.
And I guess democrats they don't have rich friends your such a fool if you believe they don't lol
*you're
Of course there are wealthy democrats. They just don't tend to brag to children (i.e. Boy Scouts) about  it. If they did, I would take issue
How do you know they don't Bragg about how much money they have are you with them 24 hrs a day
Aww you're a Russian bot... cute 
A Russian what lol
#WhiteHouse Colludes With #FoxNews to Embrace Disinformation
#FoxNews Under #FBI Counterintelligence Investigation
.@realDonaldTrump, you are a liar, a #racist, a #traitor, a pedophile & a rapist. 

#ImpeachTrumpNow
Excellent read  RT

"We All Knew About the Trafficking"-The Untold Story of #TrumpModelManagement
#TrumpModel: Felt Like 'Slave' Working for #DonaldTrump's Agency
#DonaldTrump Used Model Parties to Seal Deals, Industry Sources Say
.@realDonaldTrump 

Witness: #Trump also raped 12-year-old — and used her disappearance to threaten another victim
Whatever happened to #Maria?
