#FreeOJ
Hey Shamwow, no one knows who u are
What did you accomplish?
Did you discuss more ways to put the screws to the American people?
Guess what? You're a traitor!
Bullshit meeting. Where's the 30 day plan for defeating a Isis. Just another bullshit Trump lie. Go retire in Moscow. Putin has apt for you

Mr. Sessions deserves your apology!
What, you're adding a sound track to your daily duties ? Can't wait to see how you'll curate your golf swing.

New CBO score out on a lightly revised Senate version of TrumpCare. Still 22 million people losing insurance. https://www.cbo.gov/system/files/115th-congress-2017-2018/costestimate/52941-hr1628bcra.pdf … 1/
Or getting a hold of Putti? For your next instructions on how to dismantle America?
OK, tell them that they look good wearing orange.
Was Putin there too and you just forgot to mention it?
Summed up in few words. Ain't shit gonna happen but Trump wanted to cry.
See you in prison with the rest of them.
Good, now fire sessions and bring in Jay Sekulow to prosecute clintons and Fire mueller!
Keep up the great job! It's safe to say you're setting an example to all elected officials that a 50-70 hr work week is achievable.
Except Sessions, apparently.
Bla bla bla
A reminder that you still have not passed any major legislation. 
What? Nothing more on Sesdions? What about ACA? To much winning to talk about?
Safe trip!!
The guy closest was laughing at your small hands.
Did you bring "Sessions" along on his leash
Who ya gonna throw under the bus next
Great teams if you are playing for Russia
I am retired Navy, Vietnam Nam vet, Mr President send Mad Dog to Congress to get the job done. You have my support from the beginning.

Enough of this bs already. Do something productive.
Did they tell you that #TraitorTrump must leave?  #idiot #TrumpCrimeFamily
when are you firing Mueller?
What was this childish crap about???

Thanks for this useless information.




Oh babe, your lover seems to be having slight issues with aging (his quadruple chin notwithstanding). Stil happy you're in love ...

Keep up the fight with ISIS. We have the best  military in the world and you have chosen the best leaders

Ok don, don't forget to give them their goodie bags and follow up with a thank you note!
This is how you act dignified in politics.  This earns you the country's respect - from both parties.  Learn it. 
Not #FakeNews! 
3 Years, 5 Months, 30 Days, 23 Hours, 32 Minutes, and 19 Seconds
Sorry to be the one to break the news to ya. My President will be in office til 2024
If telling lies and shaking hands would #MAGA, the USA would still be #1 in the world in everything. Ass bonnets for all!
Did you pay someone to put "Proud to be an American" on video footage of you leaving a meeting? Asking for a country.
he's not actually proud to be an american, u caught him
Why do you think he's not proud? I was asking if he was planning on spending money putting a soundtrack to his exit from every building.
Mad Dog Mattis is the Best!
Keep smashing ISIS! The days of Obama's soft foreign policy are OVER!
We've got one of the greatest national security teams of all time in our White House. American can once again sleep well at night
Yes and did you notice the generals did not jerk off all over him at the love fest on the oval office a few weeks back.   What does that say
Were you planning a military parade? I read you want one in DC.
Another way you can convey information is by holding a press conference occasionally.
Trump doesn't hold press conferences because he wants to tightly control all information. Twitter is his press conference.
This is a wacky press conference.
Yes, especially since he blocks all his critics and creates this fake lala land where all he sees are Dear Leader comments from sycophants.
Not just Dear Leader comments, homophobic, misogynistic, and other  offensive kinds of comments as well.
Exactly. It's strange he doesn't think those types of comments besmirch his image.
They do it in his name. He encourages it.
#PutinPlaybook
Hope this wasn't about cybersecurity because if it was we're really done for. Here's a summary of Putin's MASTER PLAN.
What is the source of the text in your tweet, a book, a magazine??
Read the first to lines of the pic
Im sure they had to hold their noses.
We'd love to have a meeting with you to effectuate good policy in helping the poor. They're hard workers, let's help them out.
60% of Southerners & 62% of Northerners believer hunger is a serious problem in the US. (HART Research 2016)
There is a difference between those on welfare who need it to survive and those who want it because they dont want to work
Who cares?!
These are the same people who will escort you to jail.
Ok. Please pick up a loaf of bread on the way home.
Emperor Trump photo-ops while Rome burns #realDonaldTrump #socalledpresident
Seeing you there is an affront to everything America stands for.
Awesome   
It's too late to act presidential, you're administration is knee deep in Russian poop. Deflect all you want, it's over. The truth is coming.
TRUMP WILL PLAN MAJOR DISRUPTIONS NEXT WEEK, WHEN PRINCE JARED & DONNIE JR. TESTIFY TO CONGRESS & MUELLER SUBPOENAS HIS PAST TAX RETURNS ! 

..the boys together then? Planning how to save your butt? No chance..you are next to be fired.
could you depart the whitehouse too
Donald Trump hates the poor! When he started off at his father's real estate he says he loves throwing out the poor. It's old news. .. Sad
Let me call the WAMBULANCE for all the crybaby liberals. All you guys do is complain, even if it is something good, you'll twist it negative
Were you able to focus on more than one sheet of bullet points? Hoping you've picked up President for Dummies. You need some help.
Would you not want time to unite with family, make amends. Make things right with God n loved ones. Pence u no it right
Please don't start another war.
You are the worst, most deceitful, president ever. You have no concern  for our country, you are only in it for what you can get out of it.
BOOOOO  SHAME ON YOU #FakePresident  #CheaterInChief #ResignCheater
If you look closely, the cleaning crews are hot on your tail to clean the STINK of your lies away..
http://washingtonjournal.com/2017/07/19/trump-just-helped-russia-syria-lindsey-grahams-response-going-viral/ …
Thank you POTUS and VPOTUS we love you!!!
The brave men and women whose hands your pressing don't look too happy. What's that about?
Who cares, resign!

You are not worthy. #puppet
And they all said that you suck
I'm so impressed Dumb Donnie!
Why do you show videos of yourself? Seems somewhat... shall we say narcissistic? Don't remember Obama EVER doing that. Certainly not prezly.
#TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #MuellerTime

Hey @realDonaldTrump, guess you never saw this video of @Scaramucci calling you an anti-American bully and a hack
Just the DUMB following the DUMBEST!!!   The greatest men and women are the Military Members!!! God bless each one of "them"!!!
If the teams were great, something great would have been done by now.  You have done nothing for ordinary people.
The President can recind Obama's order and force congress to live under Obama care, Why isn't HE ?
your own wife won't even live with you. Sad!
Losers
Boy..... That song lost all meaning to me!! Id rather listen to Immortal Technique... At least there is truth in there songs!!!
your team at the DOJ has fumbled the ball in allowing conflicted deep state hack Meuller free rein to and obstruct your adm fire them !!
Show is the taxes, grow up, and  come clean on Russia which is playing you and your inexperience
Trying to figure out how to avoid prison, #bloatflake ? #fakeleader #realloser #shortfingeredvulgarian #gildedturd #grifterinchief #felon
Your a true Patriot
Mr. President please fire Mueller
Also.  Tacky ..putting music to it
WHO CARES! Next were going 2 know when u take a dump!!
NBC and others have been shutting down public comment forums/sections-what happened to free speech ?
Trump does not know our Constitution apparently @realDonaldTrump
Drain the swamp! America will rejoice when we see those croooks at the top get convicted like they should. Especially Barrys birth certif
So if you and your family are so innocent why try to get a pardoning? your a greedy fraud.
Look at the World Wars & the Wars Fought men & people are under you they are your concerns .. Your not them! Trump! Your Crap Top Men at War
Be better if you departed office.
I hope almighty Allah the greatest who gave every one more than needs to demolish who seeks to bring problems to the peaceful nations.Aamen
Hey WH Clown In case you didn't know The Pentagon People think You are a Joke
You may be the most despised man in america.  UGH
Love the trump posse!
Did you ask them if you can pardon yourself?  #traitor #fucktrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow
Discussing more of your attempts at potential pardons???  Not going to happen. You and your disgusting family will be in jail.  #impeach45


coward.
Great Time Mr. President
They're not so great! You deserve much better than officials ready to stab you and the American ppl in the back.
Great... how did it go ?
Can you depart the country? The people ICE is tossing are far better citizens than you.
Spicey bailed , like rats leaving a sinking ship.
Pence is a zelot. Your a jerk some team. Like health care a failure by a failed adminstration. Were close on putting you in jail.
#25thAmendmentNow
Bwahahahahaha. Funny stuff Donny, very funny.
Regain world leadership,  promote & support democracy, freedom, human rights that America is known for. Dont leave for China, the opposite
We are winning 
Amen
You need to stop. You can't keep secrets. You colluded with Russia. No apology accepted. Resign now. #MAGA
Thanks for the update Presidunce Drump, it was scary walking down those stairs, but what if your cell is on the 3rd floor... @Glinner

Very respectfully, please lose the sappy song. 
Amazing day 
Does that great team include Secretary Jeff Sessions?
Well, that's the poor uneducated delusional evangelical's (your base) favorite song especially when drunk or meth high.
Sessions loyal supporter & great American.  Who could have predicted Comey & Mueller events or the treachery of liberals.
Ha ha haaaaa ha haaaa ha ha. You look like a spoiled child playing grownup.  What a mess. #FakePresident
#Resistance #ImpeachTrump
All you do is lie and throw people under the bus, incl. your own children.
Team Russia! Woooo!
The hypocrite fighting for nuclear arsenal and the PIG doing same.
So glad my military son was nowhere near your orange self. He would salute, but not shake your tiny hand.
Did they teach you what health insurance is? Did you think when we buy it for $12 a month we get a handy flashlight included. But wait...
You promised to defest ISIS in 36 days or it was years???
Awesome. Now depart the WH and never come back.
I left the house this morning after talking to my cat like she would actually respond to me  we are a great team too.

TREASON? Video surfaces of Hillary admitting she was in contact with foreign leaders interfering in our election! https://twitter.com/RobertMueIIer/status/886595314026782721/video/1 …
A shame what u did to our American citizens in the military. But hey u want all straight ppl to die for u. Go for it. !

.@realDonaldTrump wants visas to hire FOREIGN cooks, waiters, & maids for #Trump's private clubs incl. #MaraLago. paying $12-14/hour! #MAGA!
Nothing great about you, Sir! 
Resign! Resign! Resign!
http://www.youcaring.com/cia   photo ops are not true ops. Respect all our service men and women and get them off the streets. They deserve more
Great. I'm near the Pentagon. You want a lift? Text asap as leaving soon.
Join us to #March4Trump in @WashingtonDC at @LincolnMemorial 11am March 4th!
Please consider chipping in
I do agree.  Thank you for Mattis!  If it were up to you and Pence, Putin would already be sleeping in the White House!
Don't forget your suitcase.
Looks like they are all laughing at you due to your inability to lead. The word mocks Trump.
I am so proud that you are the POTUS!!
Brad Blakeman would be good for your team.
You and your teams are the worst in history. It is sickening to see U touch the hands of our military. But they will still be here & u won't
Hoorayy... You finally ended the CIA supporting McCain's terrorists!!! As RT put it, it's "belated common-sense!" About 6 months late! TY!!
Phony
Trying to see if you can use POTUS powers of pardon for yourself and family for the Russian probe shows pure guilt. What are you hiding??
Very majestic and strong...thanks...

good for you
i am soo glad sean spicer quit   great news
I feel sorry for the military men and women who have to shake Trumps dirty hands
How many people in this room are Russian or being investigated for collusion w Russians? Sorry, I know that's a big # and you don't get #'s.
I bet they all sanitized their hands after THAT! never know where your hands have been grabbing

What a hot mess... their hatred for you is tangible off that video...wow...
