Why is it all fake when you are on camera saying 90% of it ? So who’s lying

That’s Bullshit.
@potus #Dumb #Dotard
Well, you could tell him something: that "DUMB" student became a billionaire. Obviously the only way he did that is because he is dumb. 
Pretty Dumb post!
Ok.
pero tu si puedes tildar de que es falso o no en el mundo..!  Eres el diablo, eres una amenaza para  paz del mundo..!

Thank you just signed my yearly pledges!
By your "logic", that means 54% of #WeThePeople believe you are a #FakePresident . #Sad . 45 never had cred. 
Thou can't lose what you don't have donald!
I'm sure the Weather Wizard Keeping it Real stats are the best way to get the job done
God is still on His throne! These lying MSM will have to face Him; face to face  shortly, I would not want to be in their shoes!
His a fact for you the other 54% think you are a F—King Liar!
Believe they do?  We know they do.  It’s how the DNC and progressive republicans have controlled us for decades.  They are so afraid of their power crumbling before their eyes,they just keep punching the fake news button over and over, wondering why the masses don’t succumb.
Please make rhambo cry  again
https://goo.gl/UCVM7n 
I'm not in that 46%
Where is your proof for this statement? Do you believe tweeting in all caps is the best way to handle this, as president? #trump #usa #maga #fakenews #hypocrisy #politics #news #twitter #leadership
Only the stories that compliment you. We all know what garbage those "Stories" are.
I do not believe the news about you is fake news. You just Cannot stand people telling the truth about what a bad president You are. I have seen presidents come and go but in my 79 almost 80 years I haven’t seen anyone as bad as YOU.

RT: Why President Trump loves America enough to save it from the socialist left wing fascists. 
Good job. I won’t be surprised if you start your own news network now. It’s funny that u make fake news accusations as if ur trustworthy

As far as your figures you throw out you never reveal your sources. You want a transparent press. But will not reveal yours. Double standard
Nazi
Stop  it’s Russia all day you’re illegitimate


Just WHAT OUR country NEEDS: An ALLEGED president ALLEGEDLY leading OUR country, who HATES FREEDOM, is INTELECTUALLY CHALLENGED, is MENTALLY ILL, COMPULSIVELY GREEDY, DISHONEST & ultimately JUST HATES OUR COUNTRY


I’m sure Breitbart and Fox fabricate stories about you. 

Makes your brain hurt to consider that viewpoint, amirite?
.
Pres pleas s give Bbcnews is not biased  couple of news stories before u tweet it
Mr. President, they do more than that. They ignore real newsworthy situations in a seemingly  blatant attempt to shift the public attention.
1 and ,
Include Philippine Daily Inquirer, ABS-CBN and GMA 7 in Manila
Sad but true, there's allot of slow thinking people out there
What people?
Hey Trump what's with that DHS nomination? We don't need people like her! 
It's finally sinking through.  67% of Americans KNOW you're a sham.
Who is the biggest #Dotard in the world?
Why would anyone believe a potus who has been verified to have lied over 1300 time since stealing office!

Screw you and your attacks on the press, in violation of your Presidential Oath. Shame on you! IMPEACH TRUMP NOW~~
DANGER! FAKE PRESIDENT STARTS WAR TO DISTRACT VOTERS FROM THE RUSSIA PROBE. TAKE SHELTER! TAKE SHELTER!!
You keep doing the good job your doing Sir; GOD is with you. Pay no attention to the evildoers.
And Republicans are going to say now is not the time to talk about guns #Texas #church #PrayersUp
You have no credibility. #ImpeachTrumpNow #FakePOTUS
The only untruth is you, Potus. You have said lies over and over. Heard them from your tweets and words
Impeach Donny-boy it must be true I saw it on Fox And friends...
Hahahahaha
Why are you more concerned with #FakeNews and personal attacks than you are with the problems facing our country?  #Fight4USnotYourself
#FakePrez shouldn't cite polls he doesn't understand. Stick to peeing Russian hookers.
Yes, but 54% know better.  About the same amount that gave the popular vote to Clinton. That's gotta bite
Only one's believing your B'S rhetoric is your Blind Ignoramus Ass! You're not Patriotic, u lying Con! #CommunistDraftDodgingFool!
you should stop lying to the that would stop it al it al comes from you and your staff, never heard anyone tell so many
Er3s puto
Why all of YOU wake up!
You have respect ha ha your wig does and leave Scotland
fake president no cred #yourfired
Who needs fake when your real responses are so in presidential.
I know just how you feel there having fun with me too
Don.  Caps lock is the button on the left...
Presidential immunity applies to presidential actions while in office. Your boasts of sexual harassment: pre-election
How many of these pro Trump Tweets are from bots? I'd go with 80%.
Because somebody knows that his base is flimsily educated & willing to believe whatever comes out of your big mouth
Right, call “us” the names that apply to yourselves: keep your doctor, we have to pass it to find out what’s in it, your side’s big mouths..
First, it's "sinking in" not through.  News media doesn't lie. You and FOX do. 46% of Americans who watch FOX don't support u. Only 37% do.
CNN-
Amor e jesus cristo para de guerra
I agree
You're yelling AGAIN!
Hahaha!  You make me laugh out loud.  #FakePotus #Corrupt #Whacky
I support your agenda but for Christ sake quit the tweets. Don’t be so thin skinned
Felix Sater buddy. You're scrogged.
Then they are stupider than you. Your lies as you can't make them not print your lies.
You are Hilter.
Wrong again
You disgust me. I guess if you lie without a conscience  long enough your relationship with the truth becomes lost. You disappoint every day
And another 35% know it’s true but are in denial about it!
So true because they have a democratic agenda. They want chaos and unrest in the white house and our country. We got your back. 4 more yrs
THE FAKE NEWS HAS BECOME A JOKE! WHO BELIEVES WHAT THEY READ ANYMORE? THE LUDICROUS FAKE NEWS SHOWS WHAT FOOLS THEY MUST THINK WE ALL ARE !!
Ahhhh you being picked on big bully
The only one that has lost all credibility is you. You colluded with Russia and lied about everything. Quit deluding yourself!
Wow reality check! Dude, The news may sensationalized but they don't have to fabricate anything. Your words and actions contradict.
@realDonaldTrump  #FactCheck is PROFESSIONALLY FABRICATED!
Synonym of #CNN or #MSNBC is #PROFABRICATION #Fakenews is Profabrication news
@realDonaldTrump person who always talks about fake news ...

I guess left enough time in day to think about development of America
You’re correct me President, I don’t watch MSM anymore, it’s fake, opinion and pure nonsense. Journalistic integrity is dead!
They want you out so badly because you don't read a script from a teleprompter that someone else wrote!
Even more do not believe the fake news and don’t even watch or listen to it.
Yeah...cause #Papadopoulos fake plead guilty, right?
And 54% don’t. UPenn should ask for that degree back!! Your approval ratings are horrible. More think you lie more than the news
You're definitely going to go down as the most annoying president of all time.  Congrats, you won something.
Here are some actual percentages that matter:
That's means at least 52% of us know it's fake.
Getting yourself ready for bubba. There will be no pussy grabbing only ass pounding, son in law goes next then, Flynn then you, I can't wait
Only fake is this guy who thinks he's the president
That 46% sounds a little made up. Who are you kidding?
Fake president. Disgrace to this country and the office.
It's not FAKE!  You try to discredit the truth. You're going down Donnie Boy.
Voted for you, but am in the other #54% on this.
FYI - 46% of ur base is still not the majority of this nation, More #Trumptrix #RealFakeNews @HuffPost @politico @CBSNews @washingtonpost
Change the record mate
FAKE TAN
Yes, you have lost cred. You never had any cred to begin with but now you have even less. All you do is LIE, LIE, LIE & LIE. Bad upbringing?
I tend to believe the news media - because you're a nincompoop. Incompetent and immoral and evil.  They do their homework - you never do.
if it’s so fake why does it hit you so real and hard ????
Says the guy with the lowest approval rating in history. Most of us believe how bad you are at this job and for our country.
Mr President, for someone who blasts polls as untrue you seem to like this apparent poll. Only because it feeds your sick ego.
we believe and back you ,we never trust the NBC,MSNBC,ABC,CBS,news,thanks for your twitter messages,we prefer to believe your words,PRAYING!
Especially Fox News
I heard it said, "Give them enough rope, they'll hang themselves"! I can attest it's happened on a lesser scale.
Guess its not Fake News anymore with Grand Jury ready to  indict! Nobody likes or trusts a LIAR liddle orange man. #cheetodotard
So the majority do not. 54% can see they are true 
You had no credibility to begin with. You're at negative cred - & dropping. Mueller has credibility to spare.

Well let's see what happens on 10/30 We will see than if it's FAKE NEWS! I say get ready to pay the piper!

Hi. Nice

Has to be higher than 46%. They report nearly all your statements as facts when they're lies like everything you say. All you have are lies.
Not even two sentences in, and I already know you're lying. The 46% claim and caps gave it away.
hi,
https://goo.gl/WuzNW6 
my portfolio:http://rtahmin.com 
Dealing with the Press is fine but not when it’s got an agenda.
It's obvious
Believe them before you.
You know that means that more than half *don't* believe it, right?

And anyway, I though you didn't trust polls...
You are wrong 75% of the people no the fake news about u is real not fabricated and that's the bottom line.
If being President is too much for you then quit. Don't just do nothing. Stay or quit....
More fake news from the psychopath in chief.
71% want Donny out of office!
Check your numbers again. I believe this is part of the fake news you vehemently lobby against. Alternative truths, if you will.
You are the fabricator ...real Donald Trump
About you or do you mean LIKE you?
Mainstream news organization tell the truth about you lying snowflake Twitter bot
We know Fox does
CNN is the worst. Trump hating network! They bash you 24/7. Your the best President ever though!!! We love you.
Listen to Mamacita by Official O2 Music #np on #SoundCloud
Yippee! You're cooked! Orange duck!
The number of people who believe your lies doesn't make your lies factual. All that does is show how many are deluded, incapable of thinking
Why the surprise? That's just 10% more than the 36% that believes your blatant lies and fabrications.
They have therapy and institutions for that.
The only thing that is sinking is you and your crooked family and friends.
The "intelligent" people know the facts? that you give out are FAKE.

It’s still less than half the Americans but nice try the ones who do believe you can see past your real motives
Your mom
85% think everything you say is a lie. So find the balance. And await your impeachment. When dems stomp on republicans during midterms.
Only on your liddle brain view Donny. You are going to jail, I’ll be dancing   in the street with the rest of Americans
You are scared shitless. It's awesome to witness.
THAT'S A LIE! ONLY FAKE NEWS IS @realDonaldTrump & FRIEND'S. WHO THE HELL DO U THINK BELIEVES YOU BESIDES YOUR "WHITESUPREMIST" BASE? 
Get back to work. If you did nothing wrong then why say anything?  Nuff said.

Not even close - 90% believe @foxandfriends & @FoxNews is the best AT FAKE NEWS
