Speaking of cars NOT MADE in America. Here is you in a car not made here with your First Lady/ Fourth Lady.
go Trump!
Whoopie! 500 jobs!, now only 15 million or so more to go.
thank you as a only Ford customer with a F250 and expedition it is in your interest
The Musslimbas just need being kept at bay in this area of America. At least that's what I'm fearing ...
Anything like the Carrier jobs Trump saved that are still going to Mexico? FRAUD
Secret service gets paid to protect our biggest threat to National Security. #LockHimUp #CriminalTrump

what policies
the big taxs he gonna put on car companies that are building cars cheap and brining them back into America
What are democrats saying about this? Like the way Trump dictates and Companies Abide?
let's play the...game
ANY vehicle built in Mexico or overseas SHOULD have a HUGE tax when coming in for sale. Honda to Ford, 35%
chinga tu puta madre!!!
I'll scrap you, trump
this is just the beginning of making America great

Sell Ford short? Give a tip to your billionaire friends?
Nah. @realDonaldTrump @DanScavino
All because of you, Mr. President! WE LOVE YOU!

#fakenews  #slate has been known for backing and promoting the agenda of Obama and his cohorts. #LeftismIsFascism #nazis were #democrats
Did you even read the article? It also credits Bush. The Ford CEO was saying in Sep '16 that trump was wrong about ford moving to Mexico.
Thanks president elect Trump
YOU DID IT!! You keep on winning for US!
what kinda fuckin uncle tom are you
probably a DNC or Clinton campaign operative . Ull see he's paid for in the next Wikileaks
Can we get a hell yeah!?! #MAGA and he's not even sworn in yet!
So funny to watch the Libs shit themselves watching Trump win again!  His success kills the Libs!!
Protest this @MMFlint ! Protest more jobs coming to your precious MI, jerk!
Michigan deplorables don't claim him
who do you admire more; 1990s Castro, 1930s Hitler, or 2010s Putin?
You mean you're picking up where Obama left off???
We've seen the best they can do. With u in charge lets show them the best we can do! #maga
Yeah we need more obama. 10 trillion debt in 8yrs, most ppl on food stamps ever, healthcare ruined, we r bombing 8 countries #nothanks
Your messiah obama is why you got trump. Suck it up buttercup!
Was it something I said, @DanScavino?
, the Director of social media for #Trump, blocks people who express dissent on Twitter.
maybe if you stopped harassing people they wouldn't block you
you should also refrain from name-calling
Wrong, that was a long thought out decision, had nothing to do with Trump. Try again.
cite one thing this child molesting, Fraudster, Con Artist said he would do that he has???
#Russiagate #EmolumentsClause #Taxes #25thAmendment #Quebec #Yemen  #Flynn #KellyanneConway #Mercer
Not true. Not because of Trump policies. Deal was in the works waaay before Trump campaign. #shameondonald
But what about this Cheetah? It wasn't killed in America!
that's a Leopard, and it is disgusting!
Dry mouth & sniffles. Side effects of Seroquel, the drug used to control your schizophrenia. #MinorityPresident #antitrump
remember when Obama saved the auto industry and millions of jobs
Obama blew 3 Trillion saving jobs, Trump did it for free, it's called having a pair
Hmm. Those loans were repaid. End of story.
VERY VERY GOOD
I don't know. There seems to still be a lot of Trump interests overseas. Why can't mini me kill an elephant in the USA?
QUICK POLL: Calling someone a "SNOWFLAKE" for having progress politics is...
option C: Simple Truth
PRESIDENT @POTUS44 
OBAMA IS STILL PRESIDENT
ARE U GIVING OBAMA CREDIT
ONLY 1 PRESEDENT AT A TIME
excellent, now Mr trump work on lowering labour costs. basic economics, mexican made car cost lower than US made ones.
Very smart move, didn't know you had it in you.
He just sent 1000's of hard working Mexicans an invitation to cross the border.
That's better We do not need them Gasoline motors damaged our weather. We'll Go-Green instead Green-Go.
@TeamTrump @DanScavino The Clinton foundation Rico thrown at them
wait and see.
Our country is so hungry for prosperity again even you will be impressed with your many success!
How stupid do...should...his supporters feel now?!? 
.@realDonaldTrump Ford chose Michigan because of lack of small car demand. Don't give yourself credit you've earned none.
thank you
lies, lies, that's all we ever get from you
order #Ford 1500 acres in Ohio near Route 224 btw #Findlay and I-71

#Kasich refused to listen!
Oooops. #ChangeOfPlans 
LOL, now you know damn well...
wow that sure is a beautiful "man" in a dress.
Yes but is Melania going to wear an American designer at Inauguration or just go naked? America wants the latter.
It's not slutshaming to post this! I have friends who've done sex work to survive. Melania is the face of destigmatizing!
That's like saying "I'm not racist because I have a black friend".
I knew there was a reason he married her outside of her intelligence.  Damn she is hot.
she has no intelligence
i've yet to hear her speak these "5" languages" but i speak 7
One is a Harvard graduate. Other is a porn queen.
"Thanks affirmative action" #maga
Yes, Harvard & liberals cry "we need more black people", but somehow if you are white "you are racist" #MAGA
How much are you paying them to do this?
bullshit.
... coherent thought.
@NBCNews @maddow @ABC GET OFF TWITTER.  TWEETING IS NOT GOVERNING!!  SPREADING YOUR MASS LIES THIS WAY WILL NOT WORK!
m
Trump is liar liar pants on fire
no.. you have no power yet.. Obama is still running the show.
lol. This one got ya burnt
Just cause you say things in your head and on Twitter, it does NOT make it TRUE...

NM nice move
great job
FORD CEO says the decision is based on weak demand and not your tweets.
Nice job Donald! Just like DUCKS they will all RETURN HOME 2 make more $, which means more JOBS 4 R ECONOMY!
I'm confused by the quotations. Where does it state that the decision is due to your policies.
Actually it clearly states that Ford had made the decision regardless of your policies.
GREAT!!!
are we claiming credit for this, too?
is he looking for a cabinet position?
Ford CEO Mark Fields said the company decided not to build the plant because of declining demand for small cars in the U.S.
RT Dan Scavino? Please.
Turns out that Ford cancelled those cars cuz demand 4 small cars is down. Check CNBC. #TheResistance
- this isn't because of you.
Donald Trump Sucks #DTS
so its a tax wall you meant
Liar!
Keep it up Mr. Trump
After you sent Wesley Mouch to extort- I mean convince them "they better" I'm sure they stepped right in line for you. 
#IlDuceTrump
what's your plan to create sustainable growth Donald? How much time do you have to shake down folks?
Ford clearly playing to Trumps Ego... good move by Ford though protectionism has never really worked.
FORD DENIES THIS, said had nothing to do with trump.  FORD is LIARS!!!
you had nothing to do with the Ford decision sprint any of it, it was all decided before. So arrogant.
let's count it as a good start with Making America Great Again !
Not what Ford said! Narcissist! Get Help ASAP!
To give Ford the ability to make cars in America tax free is a very generous incentive Hard to believe

that's how anyone reacts to threats.
another lie
I used to like all models of vehicles.
Unions screwed that up.
Ford Trucks all the way for me.
keep the ball rolling. Make jobs available here and now. I made $100 k a year 8 years ago now 27kabout a break?
Really unbelievable! Great policies you are having @realDonaldTrump these kind of things just show how unfit you are for POTUS.
@nathancosimo @DanScavino @FoxNews trump had nothing to do with this happing! #TrumpLies everyday New lie
the 35% tax on every vehicle might have had something to do with it. Seems like he's already making America great 
he's not in the White House yet ! Can't make it happen even ford said it had nothing to do with Dump
hope you're ready for Thursday! #MakeSomeNoise
watching a movie that your girlfriend is in! Lol #TheHollars
https://mobile.twitter.com/KeithOlbermann/status/816358344353075200/video/1 …
Pathogical Liar
Modi can help with lot of problems #USA is facing.
this is great news ! I love seeing this Mr Trump !
you haven't even taken office yet and look at what you have accomplished. GO DONALD!
published by fox.....I think I'll wait until it's reported by a real news station.
what policies?
liar
https://www.yahoo.com/news/m/422777e3-8a99-36a7-a5c4-0d9fdeb0dd43/ford-ceo%3A-main-reason-for.html …
We appreciate you showing up to work @realDonaldTrump ! Thank you.
Give this to mommy so she can put it on the refrigerator.  "Look what my son Donny did"!
http://m.motherjones.com/kevin-drum/2017/01/fords-plans-mexico-have-nothing-do-donald-trump …
not true.  As usual Trumps credit that is not deserved.
Like you can believe anything from Fox News. You might as well write it yourself. But allowing Chinese cars in?
lies lies lies
Please be bigger than that!
foxnews is so far up djtz a$  wdnt know a truestory if it came out  a flying pigs arse #Tweetsr4birds
you truly have our people in your heart thank you
Trump had nothing to do with it.
@DanScavinose, Sprint clarified that the jobs were part of an already planned jobs commitment.
I just took a shit, do you want to take credit for the toilet paper I used? Because everything out of your mouth is a lie.
Ford said their decision had nothing to do with Trump. A business decision that creates 700 US jobs.
@horacehepburn @DanScavino @FoxNews Ford CEO said a vote of confidence thanks to President Trump (Not Obama)
Policies??!!! HAHAHA You shoulld say THREATS Donny!!
CEO @ FORD said (T)rump had nothing to do with it...
yes but, whT did tou promise them? Destroy the workers' union? Tax breaks don't work!
naaaah gas prices are low thanks to obama so no need to build small cars for now
http://etsy.me/2ffbnTP 
this is great news for the car industry. It started in michigan and should stay there
thank you for quoting a bogus news source... the CEO said no such thing! (Stop lying and bullying)
Nope, had nothing to do with him and you know it. Stop lies now!
@marianobigdawg
Not true. CNBC told truth.
Ford needs to make better cars, period.
The beginning of the revolution against Unions begins now, stopping progression is not the answer. population i
Jobs are a start but the Bigger Problem is to get these chemical drug users and dealers off our streets 4 good
Hey Ford, all parts used to be made in Michigan...remember....HMMMMMMM,let me think,let us dream,lets not dream
Do "Trump Policies" also include moving your own businesses to the U.S?
Fox News! 
y'all misspelled "Trump tweets from yesterday"

taking credit for other people's work again. Disgraceful !!!!
Great news for our country and American workers! Great job!
hey, @realDonaldTrump, I took a really great shit this am, you gonna take credit for that as well?
I was born in dangerous Mexico. I wish we have a president like you. Keep the good news coming! Kudos to you!
way cool, as per usual. Love ya man
Remember how Obama saved the Motor industry.
Trump has done more to save American jobs in the last couple of months than Obuma did in 8 years! Unbelievable!
petty
Isn't @Ford expanding the facility in Mexico?
Boycott Ford globally and take a stand with the people of Mexico. Trump's trade policies must fall. Let Ford sell cars only to Americans!
SAfricans should move from the idea of resorting to boycotts & Strikes when dealing with political pressure

Nothing to do w/Trump policies! Stop being a useless grandstander
#Minitrue. Times 3/1/2017 BB statement on Ford manufacturing plans malquoted rectify.
ABSOLUTELY  !!!  He is going to be outstanding for the United States.  !!!!

this according to Fox or Facts?
no!!!!!!! Is your arm tired from patting yourself on the back??
this could be the dawn of a new era; the end of globalism.
lies lies lies lies lies
intelligent leadership!
