Quit lying. Just stop it. You are illegitimate. You lost popular vote to a supreme public servant & a woman of integrity
r u kidding woman of integrity! U r a brainwashed nitwit! Stories ARE true about her, do some research shes evil
You do yours  & not rely on Trump's, Fox News, Breitbart fake news. Fact: Trump is a fraud & assault women
, dummy, making a comment is NOT sexual abuse! However, Bill Clinton is a master at sexually abusing women
Trumpo prefers #Putin and #Assange over real Americans. TRUMP IS A TRAITOR!! #PutinsPuppet
you're a traitor to America for giving up ur brain 2 the demonrats n falling 4 their propaganda!
Sure, real Americans want their president selected by Russian dictators! #TraitorTrump #PutinsPuppet
rather Russia than murderous muslimes that scumhag Crookilry is in bed with
#HeadClown
I love cute clowns plus they are more intelligent than liberal leftist demorats
Great! Here's a few more for ya'!
#Trump is the #HeadClown!!
thanks
that's a lie--still deflecting - must be hard to accept the fact that Russia did indeed help & that you lost popular vote
Dont cave to the propaganda by Obama's corrupt administration! He is bitter at Russia and you!
exactly
#SethRich #Wikileaks
FBI needs investigated as per helping u win
SHOWS THEY ARE FULL OF IT...THEY DON'T REALLY CARE....THESE PEOPLE ARE PYCOTIC BITTER CLOWNS!!!!
supposedly.. your not fit to be president! You know less than a 14 year old
so comrade trump, its time you start telling the truth regarding your Russian friends..
WILL_YOU_JUST_SHUT_UP!!!!!
intel officer guilty of serving swamp soup been guilty of  ploiticking need a major shrink job /will gain efficiency sem/fi
because the hacking was a lie!  Democrats are all about lies. They know no different way!
.@realDonaldTrump The Cure for Cancer is out. The government is a system. #STAYWOKE
Why do you keep saying this? Lol
Thank you Donald it's quite apparent they are upping their lies
I think it was someone in DNC who is probably missing
They hide things. Like your taxes.
The DNC just like Hillary don't care about security. She had a private server and Podesta gave out his password. Pathetic!
Didn't know that you could tell the FBI NO! @realDonaldTrump
if you read the facts the FBI was the one who wouldn't look at the server they hired a contractor. #yourenotsmart
of course they wouldn't the Democratic Party it's a anti-American party there only for their own self-interest.
where's the validated information on this? Or are you just spewing nonsense to spin the public opinion?
actually you're scared, scared that you didn't win from your own Merit.
I know a guy with ties to Russia who refuses to release his tax returns...............
Do you by chance know if it's this guy?
#GrowUpDonald
Oh give it up already........you're just acting a fool......
...and we're supposed to take them at their word? I agree with everything @newtgingrich has said about it.
hopefully we end all these lies that come from our previous government. Finally hopeful in our American future
So much for "Hard Evidence".   The whole charade is a politically motivated distraction.
no surprise there, they don't want to be caught lying again. If turns out that they were lying, then who would follow them?
are you sure?
what does kremlin have on you that you're so intent on deflecting this obvious act of if war against American democracy
More BS!!!! Me & 60 million others can't wait for January 20th #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
yeah & we still haven't studied or seen your tax returns :)
As if you would understand them even if he did.
You a millionaire?
we are waiting for your tax returns. And your press conference. #TheResistance
how does Benedict Donald keep track of all the scandals he's trying to make us forget about?
By have a new, shiny, stupid distraction every day, and talking in slogans... #maga
Of course, because there was none or faked by themselves to get the "Oh, he's a bad guy vote"
The DNC is one of the most corrupt political organizations that has ever existed in the United States. @realDonaldTrump
seems YOU are a PUTIN lover, not a democrat
You're in so far over your head. Sad!
you are big old  fool . so disapported that i voted for you. you make me sick
Democrats are truly evil. Please read #DworkinReport
@funder @realDonaldTrump The word is ethical. Say it twice it might sink in.
@JHaystrand I don't understand why that is an option? Would it be an option for any of us? Was it for Anthony Weiner?
. How can the lib press say that you had anything to do with a Russian dead. Absurd!
.@realDonaldTrump Don't you dare start spiraling over Democrats. Put the popular vote and the CIA report behind you and be a big President!
I have noticed you use around 10 large words over & over again - maybe look up some more in the dictionary
Not "supposedly hacked". We WERE HACKED BY RUSSIA.
YOU were "supposedly" elected President.
is the product of an #IllegitimateElection      #TheResistance
how the hell, did he not win the election legitimately?
and the majority of dems didn't vote for Obama to be the elected candidate in 2008 during the primary
completely relevant as the majority of  democratic Americans didnt vote for Obama
President Trump, I'd like to know if you have a plan for water restoration in Flint MI?
@Trumpified_King Noproof still that Russia hacked.The DNC iscorrupt.Mostprobably they are complicit
we all know why that is!
Old news Mr President, you have new battles to fight! #MAGA On!
Read The MEMo at The SOTUA we need swift justice give them no time. PS don't talk to Mueller it's a set up Please
@LaughinHart of course!
They hacked power grids.
Fortunately, a problem you'll never have as you don't believe in computers.
but the tweets...
His assistant writes it on a note, handing it to FedEx; then transports it to a tech hub in India and is posted.
gotta love the courier services!
Time to go long in all of them, my friend!
yea oil may go down with all the need for bike messengers though..

Nice deflecting of the fact Trump has more faith in Putin's word than that of US intelligence.
most of us have more faith in Putin as the DNC have compromised everyone.
There is an upstream & downstream which is the path that IP addresses take from 1 server to others. The server isn't needed
False. You do realize that any hacker with half a brain would use hops, proxies, Tor and vpns?
And you do realize that hops proxies and Tor is not even close to being 100% untrackable, right?
you really don't know how things work, do you?
No, you don't know how things work.  Read about Rule 41 and http://www.techworm.net/2016/05/tor-vpn-users-labeled-criminals-hacked-spied-fbi-new-law.html …
have you ever "hacked"? Try it sometime and we will understand each other better.
And your point is .....? Would the RNC allow FBI access? Absolutely not. They'd hire their own folks.
RNC actually invited FBI in to check their system to ensure they weren't hacked as well.
get over yourself. We didn't elect a treasonous dictator, you did.
The #fbi said they didnt need to see @TheDemocrats comps bc they saw proof upstream that #russia hacked. Stop denying! @realDonaldTrump
saw proof upstream and couldn't stop it?
Co. called Crowdstrike looked @ DNC server. Isn't "new" news, it was written here http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/13/us/politics/russia-hack-election-dnc.html …  @MagaSmith2020 @realDonaldTrump
oh yea, NYT, they are propaganda free...lol... Not!
They have named sources. Give it a rest Egg-Bot. @KatKat2222222 @MagaSmith2020 @realDonaldTrump
You're out of you Big League, BIGLY.You can show us your taxes & sell business OR Resign. #GoAway #Fraud #TheResistance
imagine what it looks like behind the scenes. They're ALL unfit working for Trump the FOOL #MAGA #Ridiculous #TrumpisaHack
lost total respect for traitor McCain few years back, he's a dem in sheep's chlothing
What do you think of Paul Ryan? He's a straight up Trump minion now, like you
of course
ItsDaWorldOfSNuGGLEZ
DNI is a good 'ol boy of #Obummer
would you trust the FBI ?
Believe they got a copy of it to examine. After what Comey did, I wouldn't trust them with the original either.
Most of us know that it was not Russia. @wikileaks is 100% Accurate. Thank God we got to see the inside corruption.
STOP LYING AND WHINING.
very suspicious behavior - hiding something we just don't know what
They march to the beat of a different drummer. That's why they're out and your're in!
Why is it so hard for the FBI and DEMS to believe that WE THE PEOPLE just did NOT want Hillary! The PEOPLE stand! FINAL!
It's one thing to be hacked, it's another to have historic levels of corruption revealed directly to the @FBI. We need justice again!
@Patriotic_Me because the lyin left fabricated the story, attempts on both parties happened the dnc said they were hacked
+@realDonaldTrump Simply no way to prove Russians or anyone hacked DNC without access to the server. It was "Insider Leak", not a hack.
Why would anyone let the FBI who's obviously paid off by you, look at their system.
The election is over, let's move forward and on to bigger & better things!
You say I look bad yet whenever I look at you, you give me pharyngitis.
Because Julian A. Over rides the hit and made Hillary look evil. Because, when the emails that came out, Eric Holder....
Emails were not result of hacking. Email from Podesta stated they had a whistleblower/mole in Clinton circle. Now Missing!
that would mean there gonna cover up .yet another mistake
Get rid of the whole seedy lot not one of them can be trusted same with your CIA it woeful for such a supposedly strong....
calm down with the fucking ellipsis man, 3 is all you need don't have an aneurism (have an aneurism oh god please)
What do u expect from the Democrats, and their own CIA and FBI implants 
Of course not = all liars, those Dems.
Which could indicate more cheating. This time for mayor of NY?
DNC supports islamists and communists there's nothing about democratic in the lefties anymore, real DNC is gone forever
when do your lies stop?
Methinks thou dost protest too much, the actions of a guilty person. This is your norm, you protest too much of everything!
You really are the biggest liar in the world.. You will be kicked out of office -- pay back the government for your debts.
Three words...Upstream Data Collection. I'm 65 years old and know this, and I use a computer. Have Kellyanne explain this.
Why do you argue? you know its true. Put the crap back in your mouth @Potty____Mouth #DumpOnTrump
@Champergirl they are all liars, and don't forget they never hacked HRC secret server w/usa secrets, smh-liars
WHERE ARE YOUR TAX RETURNS????
do you wear kneepads when you work?
Fake news believed by the little man from Queens.
HACKING AMERICA is wrong, stop it for us!
nor would you release your tax returns. So what Donald. time to bootstrap yourself out of a previous personality
US now Sends 3,600 Tanks Against Russia - Can you restore sanity ?  Operation Atlantic Resolve http://www.globalresearch.ca/outgoing-president-obamas-operation-atlantic-resolve-against-russia-us-sends-3600-tanks-against-russia-massive-nato-deployment-underway/5566679 …
I hope he brings a fine country strong
@Billhic02785574 LOCK HER UP!!!!!!
It's Friday, where's your intel that only you know and no one else does?
OBM's afterthought>Hatching a conspiracy to advance the theory of Russian 'hacking' by manufacturing,planting falsehood
it really doesn't matter because you Mr Trump asked a foreign power to get the DNC emails and that sir is very disgraceful
#StopTheRedScare The repost is BS. NO FACTS... NO PROOF... propaganda report.
tell Senators we deserve a full Senate Select Committee investigation on Russian hacking. Call (844) 241-1141
Plain and simple don't trust computers for secret stuff.
Can't they seize them?  I'm confused 

#AboveTheLaw #DNC
shocker....
not my president
@RichardTBurnett
i know...isn't it just full of...s..irony
DNC Chair Candidate Forum to Be Held at Anti-Israel/Terrorist Supporting Restaurant http://www.capoliticalreview.com/capoliticalnewsandviews/dnc-chair-candidate-forum-to-be-held-at-anti-israelterrorist-supporting-restaurant/ …
You are the most unpopular president-elect in history and you lost the popular vote by MILLIONS! SAD!
US Got its 1st president with eyes aftr blind Bush who dstroyed Iraq n killed Million innocents on fake inteligence reports
DNC is the hacker !!
-Everyone hacks USA thanks to weak Obama policies but election outcome was NOT affected .That's Obama BS!
How MUCH MORE evidence do you need. You are being a fool.

do you think you're the only one in the world with internet?  You're reporting Russian news stories
The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by Russia......
Will they want their $ back? I would be in hiding if her.
Learn from your parents mistakes - get sterilized
And you need a woman to explain your comments. Putin does not have any woman speak for him. ROFLMAO @ you
Your teeth are so yellow traffic slows down when you smile
You're a failed abortion whose birth certificate is an apology from the condom factory.
Didn't you very openly ask Russia to hack the DNC??? And they DID!
they never asked.  If they did, they would have complied.
Is this a possible deflection on Obama & Dems to avert our attention away from massive voter fraud in Detroit.
is this another, someone told me or, as usual,  you pulled this out of thin air.
I wonder why?
why are you so scared?
They will see adult film.
so.They hiding retrieval history
hacking couldn't have occurred because according to dems 3 months ago the wikileaks emails were fake
@rightwinger203   The dnc has a lot of bad things to hide just like barry!!  hilary only has them to help her !!  Very 
The only way I'd lay naked with you would be in a mass grave
keep the corrupt media in the frying pan.
what is the truth here? What is the government hiding  ??
and only then get 80% coverage no vision no Dental completely unfair in fact the penalty is cheap so I refused all coverage
You say I look bad yet whenever I look at you, you give me pharyngitis.
You are like Mussolini -- a puppet. Only an Orange puppet.
Out of 100,000 sperm, you were the fastest?
that show how stupid you are....
their is no hack to election system. Their was far more corruption within the DNC than Russia. DNC officials fired for it
that's because it's a @realDonaldTrump thing. You won, they lost. The end. #MAGA
You don't attend meetings so how would you know? GROW UP, I know it's scary & you never wanted this, but MAN UP
God must have used the face warp app to make you
DNC wasn't hacked. It was leaked by an insider.
His name was Set Rich. He was shot in the back of the head
walking in DC shortly after the Democrat convention
@KlayVolk how do you hack a computer that is not hooked up to a Election machine?
how you can hack a Election machines not hooked up to the internet?
Stop.
GROW UP TRUMP! Well said Joe Biden
@Stonewall_77 Because it wasn't a hack! Someone asked @johnpodesta for his password and he gave it to them
You say you want to unite the country, stop publicly trashing the other party (MAJORITY). You won't be successful with this strategy...
#Hillary lost because Americans rejected Obama's failed policies. She would have been Obama's 3rd term. #RussianHackHoax
DNC shouldn't have had a choice in the matter.
With the government of the great Donald Trump. We will achieve a great and beautiful America.
crazy  thank you President Trump for all u do
