Rather than causing a big disruption in N.Y.C., I will be working out of my home in Bedminster, N.J. this weekend. Also ...
such a liar, admit it; Lil'Donnie will not come home because he will get no love here, we know his real story; this emperor has no clothes.
@POTUS quit trying to be a hero and save $300k while your club makes $500k/day while you are there, it's bad math
oh thank you so much - so thoughtful! NOT! this is WAY TOO LITTLE-WAY TOO LATE. sad.
ˈdikˌtādər/
  noun
 noun: dick-tater; plural noun: dick-taters
1. a ruler with a mean spirit, orange in color obtained power by accident.
Bless your lil heart! After spending ten of millions on your wkly golf vacations you want to save us $ now? PAY US BACK!
If U go back to NY & the gilded toilets in TT & promise to stay there, we'll pack up your gaudy crap @ the WH & Fedex it to you, no charge!
@maddow Here's an idea. Just stay there and give the world a vacation from your ignorance. #Imjustsaying
Definition: Sitting in my bathrobe watching Fox News and retweeting stuff I like and calling other stuff Fake News
A weekend trip to Bedminster COSTS $840 million. Pay up, billionaire! Not chump change!
Stay in Washington an save taxs payers even more money.
You don't care about saving the country money. You are afraid of the people of N.Y protester. hate is what you get from N.Y
"Rather than causing a big disruption, T will be flushing my toilet only when it's brown this wknd. Also saves country water!" #yellowmellow
please stay home, focus in and do your job
Ever hear of the White House? How about Camp David?
I know, it's rough going all week not able to crap on a gold toilet!
Sure--and a few rounds of golf
Have fun playing golf!!!  How many times so far this year???
No. The majority of Americans do not love you. Present the tapes.
Where are you IN LEADING US by law THRU OUR CONSTITUTUON OF UNITED STATES, they as MILITARY PENTAGON F.B.I. , what's the point TRUMP?
America you!! You are the VOICE of the people!!!
Since when have you cared about saving the taxpayers money???
Good we don't want you here
?!!?.... or you could stay at the White House.?!!  Like your suppose to?
Oh yes and it charges up quite a bill at the club too so you can prop up your tacky brand. Sad!
You know what else saves the country money? A few less rounds of golf and your massive family reforming their travel habits.
I don't know how it saves America money, they're only putting the money into your pockets. Damn you're a horrible Liar.
I think you golf way too much.
Your home is now Washington, DC. Want to save the USA money by working from home? Stay in the White House over the weekends
Is that your excuse for not visiting your son? If you stayed at the WH we pay taxes for you would really save us money.
#resign
You're the POTUS... the White House is your home while you have the job.
WTF is a weekend? Get back to work you fool. Do you even know what work is? You certainly don't know how govt. works.
it you want to save money why don't you stay in the White House? Orangeman
Good thing ur working hard on all the conflicts I've the world instead of golfing like oh sorry u r golfing LIAR
When are the republicans going to realize you lost your mind and have you committed?
How?
you getting out of office will save us, BIGLY.....
Stop golfing every time you're having a bad week and concentrate on your fucking job!
nope. it doesn't. it really doesn't. were you looking for a thank you?
No way you used Airforce 1 and that cost plenty of money
You are costing us money. Don't you care about seniors, children and poor? You're about profits for you and billionaire cronies.
...and how is this saving money   tangerine fuhrer??????
As president, your home is the White House. The only savings is vs you going anywhere else. And why a "big disruption" in NYC?
.@realDonaldTrump or, ya know, just work from the White House.  That could help, too.
or ya know, spend any time with your ten year old child you barely think about at all
what would save the US money is if you resigned!
President man-baby cost tax payers millions more in protection $ so he can go sleepy-time in his own bed. Stay @ the White House you toddler
It would save the country shitloads of $$$$ if you just resigned. Because impeachment is such a costly process. #FailureInChief
- How about staying in the WH for a change?  That would REALLY save us money!
Cost even less if you stayed at the White House.
if you really want to save money...stay in DC.
Why don't you stay at the Whitehouse where your ass is supposed to be. Not that you or any of your family deserve to be.
Working on your golf game again? Bet you lie about your score just like everything else.
You mean 2 million dollars instead of 3 million dollars. Feed the poor, save ACA, ed our kids & respect constitution.
How do you save money while paying yourself for vacations?
maybe u should got back & look some of your news conf. how many times U complained about Obama playing golf
rather than causing a big disruption RESIGN
really how many rounds of golf will u b playing.
You know what would save more money?  Staying at the White House 1 weekend in a row. You're a disgrace.
It saves no money, liar! Comey is absolutely right about you.
Get a life!
I've got one, cupcake. Thanks!
Really? Gas for plane and helicopter. Extra security. How about Camp David? Been there? We, the taxpayers, foot the bill for that! Try it.
When do we awake from the nightmare?
You should keep yourself at the WH.  Quit with the bs your saving us money
Staying in the White House saves money!
Golfing in NJ costs less than going to FL or NYC, doesn't save shit!
#PresidentDoesntGetWeekendsOff
This your biggest achievement so far as president.
Have you even been BACK to N.Y.C. since you took office?  It's almost like you're avoiding that massive city that hates you.
You do not get to claim you are doing the right thing by NOT causing more trouble.  You know what would save money?  STAY IN D.C.!
Is this your 24th golf trip? It's difficult to keep up with everything with all this winning you claim we'll all get tired of.
Thank u 4 being so frugal with Taxpayer $ by working from your Bedminster golf cart again this weekend, (u lying embarrassment to Americans)
And "save the country money"?!?! U & your family have cost the USA more $ than any President in history! #IdiotPresident #2Dumb2BePresident
I am proud to call you my President!!!  Trump  nation
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
How selfless.
Stay in the White House and save even more money!
We shall Call this up and reweet EVERY TIME YOU GO TO MARA LARGO. .... HOW MUCH DOES THAT COST THE TAXPAYER.
2): NY & put it back into the ACHA 2 help those who r going 2 suffer from ur healthcare plan & budget cuts?!?
Get out of my home state. Now.
but your trips to Florida don't save us money!!
No you are not saving taxpayer's mony you need to stop running this country like a business you need to stop blowing mony on yourstupidself.
Beautiful
You need not explain. Work wherever your comfortable. God Bless everything you do!
I do not understand why the stupid democrats cannot accept you as president and work with you
Still have to guard NY, plus wherever you are, plus Florida, plus your children... $3.3 million+ each golf trip. Yeah you're saving money
Mr. President you are the world’s greatest writer of 140 character sentences. (Or less) thank you for being a true patriot! God bless POTUS
Salut
Imagine how much you could save by going to the north pole, permanently
Actually,  staying at the white house sabes even more money.  Maybe try that out.  Just see how you like it.
That's right! But don't worry. Secret service will still have to rent golf carts to drive around my lawn.
You do this AFTER you've already racked up a tab bigger than any other President at this point in his presidency!
vs the $#MiLLiONS u make the #country + its #Taxpayers (such as #MakeAmericaGreatAgain peeps) pay TO U, over + over, 2 stay @MarALago ? 
He cost taxpayers more money for travel so far than obama did in his entire eight years...this isn't fake news these are facts.
You Never save our country money. You steal from us. Pay it all back. Thief.
so does not maintaining multiple residences and lining your own pockets by visiting mar-a-lago
Phoney bs
No it doesn't you are not a salaries employee.  Jesus, do we have a clue.
you will save more if you stay in white house! Have ypu ever thought of that?
#45 #AmericanHorrorStory #ImpeachTrumpNow #clownpresident #JokeoftheDay
I can't help but laugh at you
translation... they're picking on me and my mommy is dead so I gut nobody to waah waah waah to
Or you could just stay in The White House, where you belong....
No one believes that crap.
Of course, there's always the White House, which our taxes continue to support while you stay elsewhere. You could save us a lot of money.
Use that saved money for a good transition surgery. You dont want a botched penis removal surgery. GOOD LUCK TOMORROW! #TrannyTrump
Because you're recovering from your transition surgery? #TrannyTrump
Years in the making, #Decades #PremeditativeIntentions to file supposed #NonPublicComplaint against #SwedSecretPoliceKnewForDecades w #Stock
I think it would save us money if you stay put in the White House Mr President!
NEW YORK hates you Trump ! You are NOT welcomed there ! LOL
So it costs us more to protect u AND the wife that hates you together rather than apart. U compulsive liar #ImpeachTrump
No it doesn't. You staying in the White House would save us money. ANY TIME you travel, no matter where to, it costs $$$ - idiot!
you deserve it
You have cost Americans more money on security in a few months than 8 years of Obama...
Are you serious? What did you work on, liar?
Had a blast at Trump Bedminster Pro Am on Thursday!  Amazing course!
And your score?
1 Over after 7 holes (started on back) and then I don't want to talk about it!  Reality set in!
Making golf great again!
. Can't wait for the indictments to come down.#no soon enough?
you've played more golf so far,than Obama did in 8 years ! !
Like you care? How about MY NYC taxpayer dollars that are going towards housing Melania at trump tower? This is total bullshit
How so?
You @realDonaldTrump @POTUS are really a con+man. You have really fooled them. There is one who is beyond fooling. His judgment is soon.
Why don't you work at the White House as promised. Stop all the finger pointing and do your job. Stop the threats...embarrassing!
This country will never understand about saving money only you know how to save money and make America great again
Trump said the Russian "laughing up the sleeves" may be..but at Trump himself for being naive ..not the US.
good move. Thank you.
Why can't  you actually use  this logic and stay out of Florida?
How about you stay in that really nice big house the citizens of the United States provide for you, #youfucker?
What a joke. You busted Obama's chops for the occasional golf game. You've played more golf in a couple months than Obama in 2 terms.
Sell MEL then.  Will save the country even more .....
Stay at the White House!!!
New York hates you
Your security expenses cost the tax payers millions
When exactly did you start caring about that?
as opposed to the 6 million dollars to finance each of your visits to Mar-A-La-go!! Muppet...
Pretty sure Mar-a-lago doesn't.
But it doesn't save money. Work from the White House.  THAT saves us money.
Oh now you are, I will believe it when it becomes routine
You haven't saved us any money. Trips to Florida trips to Florida trips to florida. Costing millions. #puppet
Stay there for four years!
You mean your not going to fly your favorite pizza chef in from Chicago at tax payer expense?
Resign. That would save us money.
Not after your flights and security costs. Stay in the location we pay for!!!  #Tax$Waste
If it's about saving money just stay at @WhiteHouse.But I understand wanting out of the WH, everything is recorded,wouldn't want 2 pee there
Really save the country money and STAY IN WASHINGTON! more vacations than any president ever!!!
You said that you would be too busy to leave the White House on the weekend, but you are gone every weekend and costing us money.
Got to make up for all the Mar-a-Lago expenses.
Hey does your wife or kid even remember you?
Obama didnt save us money, he took all he could!  You have more charecter! Love your work, thank you!!
Well DT, doesn't matter! You've already cost us millions more than Obama did in 8 years! Hypocrite!
Good for you, sir. Better work gets done in peaceful surroundings.
Try staying in the White House for once.
Saves country even more $ if you stay in Washington.
Make sure to tweet more today that you're home in BEDminster. Also the biggest saving by the president this country has ever seen.
OR you could just stay at the WH and work, it was you after all who said this job was harder than you thought it would be. YOUR WORDS
why don't you stay in @WhiteHouse  and work there and save even more your idiot
