You mock everyone with a brain daily with your childish behavior. Remember you lost big in the popular vote for a reason.
lie & deny..
I've watched the video. You were absolutely mocking his disability.
The whole world saw you mock that reporter. Your denial is simply a lie. You lie and the deny it that is your M.O.
oh dear! Then the footage of you mocking the reporter is not true? Come on!!!
But you did...
.@realDonaldTrump Stop lying. And maybe you'll do better in the popular vote. Lost bigly. #Trump 
"Hillary flunky"? I cannot believe this is how our next President speaks of others. This is embarrassing.  We're in trouble
Lifetime Achievement Award is not losing badly. Aged pathetic little "finger" man-baby responding on twitter is the LOSER.
Liar Liar Pants on Fire. We all saw you mock that person LIVE AND IN PERSON #BULLY
I mean, technically she won. 
At least the popular vote.
YOU MOCKED THE REPORTER! It's documented you lying fool.
do something for special needs children. SHOW US !
The brutal truth hurts. Empty your bank account Streep if you want to help.
nope. you're a piece of shit
check the facts please https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ueCdV_wCVrc …
I don't need a 12 minute video to obfuscate what I see as disgustingly apparent in this :30 clip
typical of snowflakes - use half the story to justify their narrative- Can't mock a stationary arm by flailing
Exactly! Thank you! This has been debunked, but these snowflakes can't [won't] do their own research
best predictor of future (this) behavior: past behavior. The man is  mocking the reporter's disability
No, he's not. Like I said, do some research. This was debunked.
Dummy Sexually Inadequate Donny, you are 2 old 2 change but inpatient treatment might stop U from harming the USA. Rethink!
yes you did, you mentalcase
Wrong!
Speaking of "flunkies" - look who's the BIGGEST popular vote LOSER in history!  #DonTheCon
liar
You can say it a million times, but the video shows the truth. #NotMyPresident
Don't try to justify yourself to the left.  You R above that.  Keep cool, pray.  God is your vindicator. HUGS & PRAYERS
You just keep proving time and time again that you are not the man for ALL people. You're not mentally stable to be POTUS
You're a LOSER!! She won:)
bruh we all saw the video tf r u talking about
Are you STILL on the Coke????? We have it on video. #TwitlerInChief
M. Streep mocked a mentally Ill person when she screamed at the Dem. Convention. Or...was that her super acting?
hey Trump what was this?? I know you know all about the Internet and twitter and hacking http://edition.cnn.com/videos/tv/2015/11/26/donald-trump-mocks-reporter-with-disability-berman-sot-ac.cnn …
"A picture is worth a thousand words" (or in your case, 10 words), Cheeto. 

Time to tell the #truth for a change.
Hm. We have you on film doing just that Donnie. You may not believe in God, but Karma- you will meet. And she's a bitch too
except we all saw you do it! It's recorded for history what a horrible man you are!
:U r flunky & needed Russia to win election.11-26-15 u made fun of reporter.all over internet. can't lie ur way out of this
you know we've all seen the video, right?
Actually, Nikki, you're wrong.  Proof:
Videos show Donald Trump may not have targeted disabled reporter after all http://fxn.ws/2c9rH3H  
.@realDonaldTrump This took a few seconds to Google. Do you even Internet?

http://www.cnn.com/videos/tv/2015/11/26/donald-trump-mocks-reporter-with-disability-berman-sot-ac.cnn …
@shanselman @realDonaldTrump but the reality is majority of US has elected him as president, I feel pity who voted for him
Nope, a minority elected #Trump.
Really? It's in black and white but it's not true,WTF
I had a friend who acted just like The Donald. We were in the second grade.
Sounds like you still are!  Trump really cares about us & our country!  That’s a lot more than I could ever say about Obama & company!  He just wanted to have the government control our lives!  Not this life!
Your opinion means absolutely nothing to me, I'll let you hang around to learn about the real world, but you have to be a good little child, and listen, and if i want your opinion i will let you know
you did make fun of him being unable to answer your question. Therefore that headline is accurate, the context is just off
And if you "forgot" your own Article and aren't mentally disabled don't you deserve to be mocked?
I’m not sure that’s the same thing. Better question: what does it matter? Why should the president need to go out of his way to mock someone?
You mocked a disabled reporter and the world watched you do on TV , and that’s the truth
Pathological liar.
@Rosie @realDonaldTrump Except that he does that gesture all the time mocking people. Just so happened this guy was disabled.
& that excuses it.  He's a big kid.  What 70 year old man thinks this behavior is mature?
WHEN will fat Rosie move to Canada? Oh that's right, she's a phycopathic liar
Usually just hyperbole, but she's really psychotic.
..does Rosie get along with ANYONE? Wasn't she abusive to her kids & partner??
Not familiar with that, they did divorce only after three years married
Ironically they divorced same year ssm was declared a right by the SCOTUS
You did!
You mocked him and you owe him an apology.  Your big on apologies when someone does wrong by you.
I watched you mock the reporter! We all did! Now you want to call it something else. You are so tiring. For the 100th time....you act like a 5th grade bully on the playground.
lol I missed this by Trump, his smart, extremely stable brain always seems to forget that he's on camera for this. The alternative is that he just enjoys trying to gaslight people, but honestly he's too dumb for that.
Looked like it to me Mr Lump!
There's proof you did mock a disabled reporter so stop lying you big orange wrinkled up man baby
I thought you were lesser of 2 evils so I voted for you. I think I made a mistake, You PUTIN puppet ! USA in trouble, now
Your regret gives me real hope for the future. Thank you for that.

You are a waste of the human genome....
You fucking idiot its on video shut the fuck up
Yes you did stupid, the whole world saw you
Uh, yes you did fuckwad. Video, perpetual video, for the world to see! You're toast soon. #TheResistance #TrumpRussia
We SAW IT ON VIDEO... YOU CAN’T DISPUTE YOUR DISGUSTING BEHAVIOR YOU #DOTARD
.@realDonaldTrump hi Donald, in case you forgot here is footage of you doing it. A bigger man would apologise.
I'm with Streep, this is the most upsetting thing to come out of the US election last year
HA, HA, HA, we love it; the snowflakes are melting...Oh no.........
Oh, but you did. Big time. #grabherbythepussy
Donald, just because you weren't mocking his disability (allegedly) doesn't mean you didn't mock him.  You clearly did.

How could this trash become American president?! What happened to this world???!!!
Fights with disabled reporter.

Goes on stage.

Talks about argument.

"You should see this guy", flailing.
The only time @realDonaldTrump has EVER made this gesture, was when mocking this reporter. Quit trying to convince us otherwise, prick.
No,he didn't!  He waved his hands around his shoulders.  Blind Trump supporter.
do you need to see the video that everyone else watched?
liar
jerk
The footage is clear. Stop giving us fake news @Drumpf
NO NEED TO BUILD WALL. JUST STOP THE FREEBIES GIVEN TO ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS AND THEY WILL STOP COMING
Liberals Attack Fight Back.
you are on video doing just that. Liar.
Let me write something you might understand....Liar, liar, pants on fire!
"overrated" says the man who lost the popular vote? #getthefuckoutofhere
"@realDonaldTrump For the 100th time, I never "mocked" a disabled reporter (would never do that) but simply showed him......."

Receipts:
If you have to make excuses, to #CoverUp #MockingDisabledReporter you probably #MockedADisabledReporter #OwnYourActions
You must have been born on a highway, because that's where most accidents happen.
... showed him that you're a petulant man child  with teacup hands? Because, well, you know... you know you do. ;)
You are fired!
, Sorry President Elect...You did!!! Own it and try to be more respectful.
TRUMP DON'T BACK DOWN. OWN IT! IT'S YOUR SPECIAL TALENT (AND WHY RED STATES LOVE YOU)!!!!!! MOCK MORE PEOPLE! WE LOVE IT!!!
You lie, change your story all the time, you don't even know what you say!
.@realDonaldTrump I'm ready to believe!  Please release your tax returns and shown everyone how wrong they are on the Russian influence.
You're the reason men beat their wives
we all seen it! Do you even know when your lying?
How can you deny video of the #truth? F..king Hell!
Your mum's like a switch, even a two-year old can turn her on.
https://www.facebook.com/moveon/posts/10154062043180493 …
Donald Trump is a professional molester
I'm disabled it isn't visible I saw you mock the reporter l know you don't care about US
Let's not forget fat cheetos face that Hillary beat you by almost 3 million more votes!!! The majority did NOT choose you!
IF this is true. that u didnt mock a disabled reporter/person, then stand up and APOLOGIZE. explain to him what us said/did
and apologize to them for them not understanding what us did andwhat u meant. then ask them if they r ok with ur apologies?
its really not that hard... if u didnt mean it, and it was taken wrong, its a simple thing to remedy.. why is it that hard
for ur to understand /accept? just do the right thing,in the name of unity.. being president for everyone...???
Yo momma was like a racecar driver. She burns lots of rubbers!
I don't understand what It is that "Hillary flunky" @MerylStreep lost while receiving a lifetime achievement award.
@realDonaldTrump
yes, yes you did. The words are "I'm sorry".
LYING
Dear, dear Donald. Evidence backed up with images says you did, unless everything you did during election process was FAKE.
liar
Try clicking your heels when you make a wish, dear. It worked for Dorothy.
maybe, but you are like a school bully saying 'you are a spaz' to someone when you do this. Pathetic bully. Grow up man.
, just a thug in a suit. Someone's pants are about to combust.
For the 101st time, yes you did mock this disabled reporter. We can keep this up longer than you can. @JohnFugelsang
you lie as easy as you breathe.
you most certainly did mock him - in front of millions of viewers! Sad state - you trying to deny!
screw Hillary move on
it's not about Clinton anymore it's about you.
. 
YES, YOU DID MOCK A DISABLED PERSON.. EVERYONE SAW IT ON TV AND IT'S ON VIDEO.  YOU ARE LYING.
u jus so disrespectful get some training w/dealing w/people u must come down from dealing like u can buy anything  +become
sympathetic and open 2 what other's have 2 say instead of jus carry"g the attitude of a rich asshole
: it could be to infinity,  YOU DID MOCK HIM!!
I guess you haven't seen the video of you doing it. Check the internet. You did it!!! Time to stop denying it. Stop lying.
Do you have to leave so soon? I was just about to poison the tea.
: left wing liberal democrats your candidate lost ! Get over it . Reps are in control down . Make America great again !!!
WRONG!
why can't you just say it was not the right thing to do, I'm sorry. Be a man and own what you did. It won't go away.#Video
Yeah, yeah, you did. You're one of the major conversation my boyfriend and I have. You are our laughter through the evening
Don't you have a country to run or something? Get of twitter and go do it then! @realDonaldTrump
You are a #disgrace! I hope you trip and fall.
Must you
Learn from your parents mistakes - get sterilized
REAL NEWS/Fake Elect
I am disabled and only people mocking disabled are ones assuming you were doing this...how insulting, don't worry, we are 
just because you say it a thousand times does not make it true
Trump, you really is a genius
mr. President Trump can we please get rid of Common Core
I would give you a nasty look right know but I see you have already got one.
what are you TALKING ABOUT
yes you did! Liar! My son's disabled and now I fear even more for his safety!
yes you did ! We've got it on tape ! We're not all blind to your lies just your rubes !
His butt boys
Yo mama so ugly she scared the crap out of the toilet
Apparently you have never heard of something called video tapes or audio tapes. Remember when talked about grabbing pussy?
They need to give it a rest - millions of us love you President Trump!!!!
Of all the mistakes your parents made, you take the cake!
Yeah shoukdhsve swallowed.
I have a plan for National health care AND a way to pay for it! Not a Crack pot just an example teacher! Call 423-653-6446
I know you sudbt
Funny how your registered IQ is only half of the total number of times you've denied making fun of this reporter.
We saw u do it unless that's just ur normal behavior.
jjjjjfejjjjjjjjjjnjjjjj.
denial must be nice!  Too bad the rest of us mortals can't act this way!
Such a lie.  All saw it, but you are so demented that you truly believe it.
I understand what's is wrong with social media. They are paid off????? @ClintonFdn
You are not man enough to accept your mistakes and apologize, disgusting.
Your teeth are so yellow traffic slows down when you smile
you are a liar?
How can you deny this? It’s on video. Still ever the stable genius I see! Good morning America!
Your mom sent you back to the hospital for a refund.
Yes you did....pinhead.
YEH you did its on tape DUMB*SS
Go look back at the video - if that ain't mocking ....you are an angel
But you did, I saw it.
yes you did, yes you did, yes you did, liar, liar pants on fire
Are you in a costume? It's not Halloween yet... oh, never mind.
you can say whatever lies you want they're still lies, because you're a liar "Bigly" We all saw how you mocked him, liar!!
This is child's play. You are making history by looking like a Baffoon and acting like a 2yr old. Worse than watergate.
another #tweetiot #fakestatement from #Trump
yes you did and we all saw it. You can't convince my own eyes lied. You lie
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and crap out a smarter comeback than what you just said.
Yeah Right,! 
Who the F**k is going to believe  you????
NAME CALLING AGAIN
ITS BULLY'S IMMEDIATE GRATIFICATION SYNDROME
@HillaryClinton
Your head's so big that it has its own postcode
But you did: http://www.cnn.com/videos/tv/2015/11/26/donald-trump-mocks-reporter-with-disability-berman-sot-ac.cnn …
and What about The videos where you did it? It Is nota about him...
How many pussies did you grab today? Reince? Bannon? Pence? Jared? Did you drug then first or did they consent as an act of loyalty?
Is Bill in the WH now? No, so that's not relevant. The relevant question is, why is the current occupant of WH the #CockHolster for #Putin ?
You tRumpers don't get the concept of linear thought, do you? Every time it rains, you risk drowning.
