An honor to welcome the Taoiseach of Ireland, @EndaKennyTD to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence.  https://t.c...
So many hateful people can't except it. I can't believe people are acting like this.

wish I could have been there, looked like a lot of fun
Enjoyed watching the video
Looked like it was a wonderful time
who dressed you Donny where's your green #disrespectful  #SAD #dresseranillegal?
@POTUS approval rating 39% OUCH!
Who pays for these silly videos???
very nice thank you proud to have you as President to represent our country  America
so when is ICE going to round up and deport illegal Irish immigrants
Shortly after they deport Melania and her mother.
Ew
you a real fuckn clown I like the picture of snoop dogg an u bang bang
I just love your fan club... lol
Thank You Mr President!  Keep knocking down the leftist c*nts! Day after Day, Winning is FUN!
Awesome, and as we say at the University of Alabama...happy St. Patrick's Day, and Roll Tide!!!
did you think Erin go bragh had something to do with women's undergarments?
what's a brilliant nice gathering of brilliant business. People's,
i can't believe your a supporter of the I R A and after everthing youv done to the muslams
#NotInMyName. He does not represent all Irish people.
YOU'RE A MEME
thank god they took the phone from you again and the tweets are semi-normal
Resign or be impeached. #trumprussia #TrumpLies #losingbigly
you released one page of your tax returns, your audit excuse is bs. Release all of them. We know what you're hiding.
so Obama sealed everything, we know nothing about him Trumps been in public eye for years, but he is hiding?
Ireland and Nigeria are the same country. 
#AlternativeFacts
Are you kidding ?  DO YOUR JOB!!
Donald's entire life has been a con; now, it's on the American people.
 @realDonaldTrump
you've been wrong for a over a year-and-a-half now. Still wrong always wrong why would anybody believe you
All you care about.
yeah because who likes money, right?
Pronounced 'tea-shop'.....if I'm not very much mistaken! 
No, "tea shock",  which is what I get every time I see Trump
I think you'll find 'tea-shop' suits thon boy best.
How are these anti-trump commenters so fast?! Either they're bots or have no life!
please stop tweeting
Nancy Pelosi is delusional. I dislike seeing her on tv
Sean Spicer is making you look so bad right now. SAD!
Hi sarahclapp
Everybody got something to hide , except me and my monkey !
.@realDonaldTrump @EndaKennyTD @WhiteHouse @VP We are just impressed you didn't spell it "honer" again.
We are so lucky to have mensa candidate Tommy Campbell on twitter
fire all JUDGES that cancelled ban we don't want typhoid Mary's
You lied on Obama for thr last time. #RepealandReplaceTrump

ironic you call yourself deplorable and yet it seems to perfectly sum you up.
your hero Hillary called me that. 
Ask yourself why will you always be a loser
she is not my hero & if that's what she called u then she is a good judge of character
Tomorrow will you be wearing green or taking Americans green for your weekend vacations?
He's gonna make some offensive comment on here about leprechauns or potatoes, isn't he.
HOW DARE YOU! You know he doesn't offend white people! Well...white men. Well...white men that aren't on his show.

He does love Scott Baio!
I guarantee you the feeling wasn't mutual.
Someone obviously wrote this for u. Y do u have Scottish bagpipes playing Amazing Grace?
Ireland, sadly, has now pursued for years an extreme LW agenda.Hope it's addressed.
they don't need addressing, your views do though
Fuck you.
thank you
Any luck getting Snoop Dogg to apologize to you?  Didn't think so.
Was he impressed with your lucky little leprechaun hands?
@HarlanPeggy @EndaKennyTD @WhiteHouse @VP NO WOMEN attending? Irish must think we are Neanderthals.so backward SAD! #resist
u need ur  I  women So cuz it wasn't all women that means women don't matter B a  woman Get off twitter DO SOMETHING 
I'm very busy, doll face.
oh good 
1/2 It's appropriate that the music in this video is a dirge A sad roomful of old white men...
We have feelings too, you know.
And therefore, you have nothing to mourn. The power you have isn't being questioned, or on its last legs.
Let's not jump to conclusions. If not last legs, certainly penultimate ones.
In my youth, I was told I had penultimate legs... Ah, brings back memories!
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
,America get your act together Dump Donald before he dumps America Great Again
Don - You're a disgrace. Sincerely, the majority of Americans
don't speak for majority of America we support President Trump Rod fakenews is a no no
I think you meant to say, "the majority of the white, uneducated, trailer park trash"
I believe the correct term is RACIST.
Then he had a meeting with Bill Clinton on March 24th....js....
Congratulations! Erin go Brach!
We are behind you President Trump.


yep no thanks u need it more!u voted for this mess
.@joanne_mulenex what mess is that? The 1 where jobs r being created? The 1 where illegal criminals deported? The 1 where Co's coming back?
or maybe the many violent attacks of people who support the president by radical leftists?
.@kittykatat @joanne_mulenex  that's the mess Liberals made.
exactly. They bring all the divisiveness and hate, then blame Trump for it.
Very nice of you to let the intern have a go at doing their first ever video.
More and more of his propaganda videos just like Hitler.  Cheesy too!!
my homeland
so embarrassing that a foreign leader schooled you on our history.#ImmigrantsMakeAmericaGreat
I, as a 3rd gen American Irish woman, think you sir, are a liar and a scoundrel. STEP DOWN!!
Poet Laureate?
Amazing Grace???? What hell is that about? When did that song become Irish?
Brought tears to my eyes. 
And it was an honor to watch you get schooled.  #vetsagainsttrump
you need another comma after Enda's handle.
yeah, except he doesn't like or trust you.
“I’ve spent a lot of time at St Patricks Days parades over the years” MORON

Little bit of the all right!
Beautiful music too good for a man without a soul.
Pres Trump is always in action. What a great example of what it means "To Work" A joy is there
They must have been mortified knowing they would be photographed with you! #fakepresident
May your balls turn into rosary beads. #irishcurses #StPatricksDay
He thinks you are an obnoxious bully.
Was in Dublin. Irish ask non-stop what Americans drinking to consider this scammer for pres?!
How does it feel to know he thought you were an lumpy orange buffoon?
Kenny shamed you with his statement. You are the worst.
I love the Ireland PM! He lectured you bigots about the importance of immigrants in USA. 
geez. Those are Bagpipes from Scotland not Ireland. Disrespectful, and lame. #realnews
two proven liars
please@DonaldTrump can we start drug testing welfare and anybody on assistance
THIS "SOIREE" COST TAXPAYERS TONS #MealsonWheels would survive for a year more with this $$$$$
You mean the other world leader who hasn't a clue, and is dragging his country into oblivion!
nice touch Mr. President 
hey Mr President,if you meet with Nigeria will you break out the bagpipes and sing O'DannyBoy?
Donled St Patrick's day. We Love you!
Blessings of the Saints....
You are an embarrassment to Ireland Kenny and you to America Trump. Sad shameful day for Eire
starving kids and old people to make the rich richer
Your Donation Help Us Support Many Patients
PK61SCBL0000001183442701
SWIFT CODE. SCBLPKKK
Scottish bag pipes, playing an iconic Scottish air, laugh a minute ...
HAHAHA!  How many times did you have to check to make sure that you spelled that right? Sad!
Bannon forgot to shower again
Trump must be impeached!  RussiaGate!!!  We will hold him accountable!
erin go bragh sir. Keep up the good work.
Happy Saint Patties Day #Trump. Cheers with a green beer 
*Paddy's Day. At least try get it right.
Its the thought that counts. Didn't your mom teach u if u have nothing nice to say, don't say it at all?!
we were actually taught to make sure we were right before speaking, and to help those who are wrong.
Pattie or Paddy it's not going to make one iota of a difference in my life. You should reorgranize your priorities lol
Nigerian blessing!
Bagpipes are Scottish. A shamrock has 3 leaves. You can't even get this right. Jaysus! @realDonaldTrump @EndaKennyTD @WhiteHouse @VP
Ah, four leaf clovers and bagpipes playing Amazing Grace. It's what I always think of when I think of home.
Poig mo hoin!
has has hated the Irish for years, his father's KKK Clan were jailed for battery after spoiling a St Pat's day parade.
amazing grace in the bagpipes? How is that in any way connected to Ireland???? 
He schooled you about immigration, didn't he?
How long will it be before you trash him?
He can't pronounce the Taoiseach's wife's name either. Loser!
HELLO,PRESIDENT TRUMP!! WE CAN TELL WHAT IS COOL AND WHAT IS WRONG,SO, KIM JONG UN GO ON___
@mcolfer629
you probably had the WH chef prepare lucky charms for St Patrick's day n hnr of @EndaKennyTD
Never more ashamed to be Irish - thanks alot Conway, Bannon, Ryan, Flynn, Hannity, Pence...
Tá Éire ar a thabhairt duit Trumpie!
Na leipreacháin ag teacht le déanamh agat!
Lá Shona Fhéile Pádraig!
please translate, and keep resisting
Ireland is on to you Trumpie!
The leprechauns are coming for you!
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
that poem was beautiful. Very profound
He  lowered himself to shake your hand, although as an Irishman, he was most gracious.
Goes in between the "quotation"marks?  My bet is they did, but you were just too smart to listen.
#bad
#sad
#failing POTUS
#nigerianpoet
@SenateDems
why the hell are you guys playing bagpipes??? Those are Scottish not Irish.
You got SCHOOLED on IMMIGRANTS & IMMIGRATION!
you didn't even understand he was dissing you! #notmypresident
remember your 30 day plan to wipe out ISIS, still waiting????
Do you even know who he is or where Ireland is on a map?
disgraceful president so calked @POTUS weak! Illegitimate! Fake! Damnu forte! Gaelic curse u!
you telling them what a big crowd you had on inauguration day?
.@realDonaldTrump @EndaKennyTD @WhiteHouse @VP You have literally no one in your Cabinet who could've told you Amazing Grace is Scottish?
.@realDonaldTrump @EndaKennyTD @WhiteHouse @VP Try what the 5th graders use....Wikipedia.
hope they read your Twitter
#EndaKenny.....the #ClimateDenier of Ireland. Great job. #DenyClimateDeniers #ParisAgreement
guess you weren't listening he made u fool
Beautiful video.
you do know Ireland hates you right?
oh geez, we are about to insult the Irish. America apologizes.
You didn't tweet this.
@evangie @EndaKennyTD @WhiteHouse @VP love Irish..Love my president. Happy st. Patricks dah
LMAO how'd y'all like his speech? Looked like you didn't understand a word of it...
You better add Ireland to your ban. Don't they harbor terrorists? IRA?
lol how's your African/ "Irish" proverb going
Why is it just men meeting up with other men?

Amazing Grace? Did someone die.. oh, democracy dies in darkness.
..
Who is going to beat trump.?..
NOBODY..EVER..IMPOSSIBLE
it was funny when they talked immigration and you got uncomfortable
such nice pretty white people, Make American WHITE again! Like your cabinet.
so you met with the Irish  and not the Hispanic chamber of commerce...mighty white of you don

for future reference dummy, Google 
May the road rise up to meet you.
Somebody spelled Taoiseach for u! did you realize that he slapped u down during remarks?Hah!
Seriously hope the Irish aren't buying the shit you are selling..
better hide those 4 leaved clovers
so u shake his hand...

