A great honor to host and welcome leaders from around America to the @WhiteHouse Infrastructure Summit.… https://t.co/5f...
Thank God for Mr.Presidente, Donald J Trump! Thanks
Globalization is wrong, but foreign investors financing our infrastructure is right? O to the K, Trumpsters.
None of it matters You are too distracted  Comey is more popular than you #ComeyTestimony #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #ImpeachTrump
President trump hire Larry Kudlow wall street stock market today thanks president trump
President trump hire Larry. Kudlow wall street stock market today thanks
Just an FYI..Building golf courses to put your name on is not included in US Infrastructure plan
This is why twitter is bs.  140 characters and all anyone manages to say is either screw media, screw trump, or screw dems.  #GOP #Democrats
Can we throw some of those dollars at the prison that you'll be housed in?  One rule: no nudes of Ivanka on the cell wall.
This is fantastic. I want to hear details. Don't set the roads up as toll roads though. Once they are paid for, they need to be done.
Te;; Voalbaredriing without a license isn'y s right specifically proyrctedin the constitutional something which "shall not be infringed!"
آمریکا تو علم پیشرفت کرده ولی تو انسانیت وفرهنگ پسرفت ؤ روز به روز وحشی تر می شه و ما جلوی آمریکا را می گیریم مرگ بر آمریکا ی بز دل
آخر انتقام ویتنام ژاپن هواپیمای مسافربری ایران وهمه وهمه ای جنایت های شما رآ می گیریم نابودی اسرائیل و آمریکا نزدیک است لعنتی لعنتی لعنتی
ترامپ عوضی آمریکا در مقابل ایران پشه است دوست دارم یه کشور ی پیدا بشه یه بمب اتم بزنه تو آمریکا تا شما وحشی ارا با خاک یکسان کنه تا دنیا از
Foolish that Americans vote for these Obstructionists Democrats.Democrats will turn America into a failed State
The Germans have been selling us trillions of cars. They manipulated the software to sell us more. Only to sell us on "Global warming" lol.
Did you know the Kentucky Coal Mining Museum is powered by SOLAR!!! Ironic, no?
liar
Dude... Shut.   Up. Nobody will give a shit about ..what you say..
Yeah but they're laughing at ya
is that because every other leader around the world thinks your a fool ??????
Torture for everyone else that was forced to be in your disgusting presence
Push it hard to stay in the face keep it up
Push it harder stay in their face
So Exciting!!! Love Ya Mr. President and God Loves you more.
Con man Trump just wants everyone to see him in the middle of a group of people like he's so cool what a man baby b**** Mueller lock him up
I hate you con man Trump fill your government positions oh wait you're too busy with lawsuits and being impeached and s***
Way to not have a ambassador to Japan you're the reason the communications were not good and the ship wreck and those Sailors died 7 of them
Finally someone who understands what country this is and what needs to be done. Thanks. USA first
Now tell me how great I am, ha,ha,
You never look north sounded more presidential...
#INFRASTRUCTURESUMMIT LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL I CANT... ''LOSER'' ''PATHETIC''
Keep up with your agenda and forget all the other garbage,your doing great
You need a person around you who will stop you from doing things that are obviously controversial and you are incorrect in your statements,
And you accomplished nothing.  You are the do-nothing President.  You are so good at this!!
done
Great Job,President Trump, things are actually getting don
Interstate median NEVER get SHADE!AMERICA paid already!PLEASE MAKE AMERICA GREAT w/commercial SOLAR PANELS on median/INFRASTRUCTURE RENAISSA
And then send em right the hell bk to their respective countries because 'Merica! We don't like them that foreigners.
O. J. T. work programs. #BUILDTHEWALL.
Thank you Mr President  n gov

An smeared VAwhistleblower sees a 180degree change in who's really supporting Freedom of Speech @Refee00
 
No respect meant. I know its a process.
Thank you Mr. President for your leadership!!! Thank you GOD for a second chance to live somewhat free!
Happy Birthday, Mr. President.  I am so greatful to God that you became our President. God bless!!
Court finds that Trump admin approval of Dakota Access Pipeline violated the law
Dear Donald, 
I have never met a narcist as big as you!!
I know, youre parents are quilty!!!!
Kill them and not the world!!!
Why is governor Brown getting away with impersonating a president
Why is it you welcome people from around the country to discuss infrastructure but the people can't even look at the healthcare bill?
Wow, was that staged!?
Keep our business in the forefront give them the opportunity to make America great again
You have been drinking the kool aid he's a liar
Disgrace
It's about time we did this go for it make it the best around the world!
Nobody wants to be with you
Happy Birthday Happy Birthday to one of my twins.#GEMINI..God bless u keep u protect u.
Another one of Hillary's people turned up dead he was supposed to testify today
Happy birthday Mr. President
& then force them to say how much they like to you & the job you were doing it was like watching kindergartners
????
滚犊子
Clowns of the round table.
Absolutely fantastic. Our great magnificent supreme fantastic leader conducting positive meetings
destroy the world and take every person In every country down.. because it's all about Trump! #LOSER TRUMP!!!
DONALD TRUMP AMD I AM A PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA!!! I AM GOING
You have measly 34% approval rating, which makes you a big, big failure. Pres. Obama had 61% rating his first 7 months.
None of these leaders respect you like they respected Obama.
What about Comey? He said you are liar. I think we all knew that. Just move to Russia, I hear the golden showers are nice this time of year.
Yep. It is.
J
Amen mr. President

1 of many examples of how well he treats vets
https://twitter.com/AmStillNotYou/status/874620895041552384 …
If blocked, almost certain 1st A viol. Contact me or @AynRandPaulRyan
As @realDonaldTrump has proven many times before, here is how much he appreciates and cares for military, Veterans, their families 
Is this video in which you forced Cabinet members to make up something positive about you? I have volume off so I don't have to hear you.

Greatest smartest president of all time!
le roi de l immobilier les infrastructures ce sont tes affaires
發展實體經濟，勢在必行⋯⋯
What a barf show!! The most insecure man of all time!!! Such a baby DT!!!
Marilyn. Hope you find these awesome videos today!!!
Crook.
An honor for you to be around actual leaders. An embarrassment for them to be seen with you. #FakePresident #DumpTrump
Regular progress reports by state and area- with goals outline, Mr. T.Bravo. Exxon shouldn't envy public trsnptaion included in this mix.
That stench of hubris surrounding you should never, ever be construed as honor.
Sending you & your family unconditional love
We need a new Supermax- for you.  What a great infrastructure project
More like wrong 2 church members. The ones you met with at journey church
love it!
all hail king trump
#real Donald trump #Real Presidents don't put their cabinets through that humiliating exercise of boot-licking you demanded of them today!
Frankly it's completely yumiliating, ok. That I can tell you. #MondayMotivation
#real Donald trump #Real Presidents don't put their cabinets through that humiliating exercise of boot-licking you demanded of them today!
#praise, laud & magnify I have never been so fearful for democracy as I was today watching you demand praise from your cabinet! Poor USA
Just make sure we het the best price. Cannot afford a $100,000, all American made, Ford Fiesta
 Know what I mean?
Where is the $.  Yo tight fisted REPUBS COULD HAVE STARTED BUILDING 8 YEARS AGO. REPUBS BLOCKED ALL THOSE JOBS
Never heard anything about this summit on the fake news.  Anything to promote smart infrastructure is good for all!!
That sure is a lot of white men!
#justsaying
Very good people and now lets stay focused on the agenda and not the noise from the left.  Let us, the people, handle the left. Gotyourback!
What is with those chairs?
is this how you get people to say how great you are?  how much do you pay them?
Such a jerk
I never heard about this from MSM. Hallelujah!!! Good work Mr. President
Again no plan!

All the king' horses and all the king's men couldn't put Trumpty back together again.
#FireInvestigateThisFilthyCreepCARepSherman #ExtremeCriminalCorruption.
@RealSheriffJoe @TheJusticeDept #Sessions
Nice! God bless!
LOVE THAT YOU WELCOME LEADERS FROM ALL OVER THE WORLD TO JOIN YOU IN THE WHITE HOUSE.   REFRESHING TO KNOW YOU REALLY WANT TO LISTEN.
The greatest infrastructure project should be to remove you and cronies and revamp Washington establishment.
If someone want telling you what you need to comment on, you would have even mentioned this. Seriously, just quit so we can move forward
Geez your trying to look good It ain't working
Surprise the left didn't protest that too!
Wow  what a wonderful President we have! The best we have ever had!  To bad the globalist & the liberals ignore the truth & spread lies!
Mr. President, please get rid of common core, it's nothing but globalization indoctrination.
Love how the cabinet support you 100%. Great men & women. Now you can get to work. Hope DNC can get on with important business at hand
Video: CNN Host Whines About Americans’ ‘Inherent Distrust’ In Media http://www.infowars.com/video-cnn-host-whines-about-americans-inherent-distrust-in-media/ … via @realalexjones
Trump lied to the public saying that regulation prevented investment infrastructure because he has no plan.
I look forward to hearing reports too...but they have to do with your impeachment!
Please redo obama/HilaryCare asap!!  It's a tragedy that Americans are being fined for insurance. Discrimination has reversed
"Oh, what a tangled web we weave...when first we practice to deceive."
Sir Walter Scott.
