So you're excited to sign Hillary-care into law as long as your name is on it instead of hers? 10 years from now when it fails you'll own it
Repeal only. No repeal and "repass." I'd not cheer for betrayal. I'd use the bully pulpit.
Well those of us that paid for it, through jobs etc, had lower premiums Bc we didn't have to prop up many folks that didn't want to work.
And socialists don't seems to understand that. This bill won't "Fix" it but damn. Baby steps in the right direction is still right!
I understand what you're saying, but no one in that building promised "baby steps" Soviet-care, they promised a total repeal of Obamunism.
Go ahead and throw millions off healthcare, your gonna get the backlash! Have fun trying to get out of that one!
REPEAL 1st please... Then Replace
Do think it's ok to force a mom like me to fear and have to fight harder for my child's life? These lies will kill
We want Obamacare we don't want it replaced
Lmao speak for yourself....oddball
The silence is deafening. So much for this guy being able to get things done. No wall, no jail for Hillary, no healthcare, ISIS not defeated
One step at a time... lol. You might wanna fact check what's he's actually been able to do. You can't just pick and choose...
I could probably list 50 things that he promised to do within the first 6 months that he hasn't.
I don't know why you would want out your President to fail. I don't understand the hate for a man that is just trying to do the right thing
That's the only reason they are keeping you around. You'll sign anything they put in front of you unless it's a bill you need to pay.
You're right. The ObamaCare replacement is indeed failed.
I hope @tedcruz bill is approved. #MAGA
http://us.blastingnews.com/news/2017/06/writer-accuses-melania-trump-of-cheating-with-a-man-who-works-at-trump-tower-001745549.amp.html …
Obama care is horrible we cant afford it or the copays. Paying for this is double paying. Hate!
@POTUS @WhiteHouse @parkit240z Get the senators over to the White House and twist some arms. Hard.
I haven't read anything in the repeal process bill that's as bad as Dems are portraying. Sounds a lot like states take back control.
Ironically misformed sentence is unintentionally accurate.
How's France's first lady's figure Mr. President?  LOL
Heartless monster! Your new healthcare bill will make ppl like you richer and will hurt the rest of us.
They're all lying just like you Donnie... Ya taught them well!

Just like you did with Donnie Jr.
Wait, this tweet sounds like you're admitting the replacement is a disaster.
Is it terrible enough to please the invertebrates in congress?
Pressure on coal creates a diamond. Thank you Mr. President. Keep leaning forward, as u do. Keep hard working honorable people supporting u
*peen in hand
that's a scary thought. Stick to golf and tweets.
Way to go! You are amazing!!!
That's all you do... except play golf.
"Failed Obamacare replacement approved" I'm glad you see this new bill for what it is-Failed!! Release your taxes Comrade!
It's a failed replacement, but should still be approved? English teachers everywhere are groaning right now. #resist
You're going to be sitting there a long time DT. Not a chance in hell you are going to get the votes you need.Obamacare failing? Fake news!
It'll be the best pen, the biggest pen for adequately large hands.
They are exempting themselves from provisions in the bill. They're a bunch of con artists like their illegitimate @potus*. #POTECUS
Don't worry @realDonaldTrump, that bill is like your presidency, all but dead now. #FakePOTUS #TreasonousTrump #youknewallthetime
Fail it seems good to me. Your the one that continues to fail.
Republicans are working hard to get their failed Obamacare replacement, aka Trumpcare, approved.
Adjective placement is important
Republicans Senators are working hard to get their failed ObamaCare replacement approved. I will be at my desk, pen in hand!

Are crayons legal when signing an evil bill?
So you will sign what ever is sent your way? I know it's asking a lot, but will you pretend to read it first?
(Fixed it ) Republicans Senators are working hard to get their failed ObamaCare replacement approved. I will be at my desk, penis in hand!
glad to see you pointing out that the obamacare replacement is a failure
No one wants this garbage.   Back to the drawing board.
This should have been negotiated years ago.  Thanks Trump!
No golf?
Failed Obamacare replacement? Yes the replacement will probably fail.
1/2 Bill has 8% public approval. It will kill people. That's disgraceful. Half of Congress supporting something with 8% public support is
2/2 what's wrong with American politics. I thought you were draining the swamp, and wouldn't forget the little guy? This does the opposite
Also, #TrumpRussia now features Don Jr, Flynn, Manafort, Kushner, Carter Page, Sessions, JD, meeting in Oval Office with Kislyak, many more
Collusion and treason are not things that just get brushed aside. #LockDonJrUp #ImpeachTrump
Thank you!!!
#MAGA
He's Making America Great Again by tweeting!!
How *exactly* did it fail then Don? Hmmmm?
Full version of this by @beldonhaigh - can't wait to see you Vlad and Kim in action Don 
I'll take the Russians over Liberals,Liberals are weak and cry like babies when they don't get their way plus the Russians make badass guns.
Spoken like a true patriot. Your country has been sold to your arch enemy and you prefer it that way? #sad #odd
The US and Russia as well as Poland seek to preserve the culture of the west. You're so blinded by hate and fear to see that. #sad
The stupidest part of his message is that Putin works FOR Western culture. Poor Alex hasn't read one book on history if he thinks so.
Doesn't mean I plan on doing the same poor Finnish man gave up his own country to be politically correct. #sad
penis in hand? after your harassment of the French first lady? Disgusting man.
I'm hung like the High Sparrow, biatch
That says quite a lot about you then

Make well
Republicans Senators are working hard to get their failed ObamaCare replacement approved. I will be at my desk, pen in h...
Lower premiums, lower deductibles, keep existing conditions and especially NO tax penalties!! I'm going broke owing the IRS!
No ...Senators are planning their vacations...they are liars... don't support Trump Agenda
"At my desk?" You wrote this in France. #justsaying
I think he meant to say Ivanka, but his blackberry's predictive spelling (which must be working EXTRA hard) sucks!

Probably just doodling
That's all you learned how to do. Is to barely sign your name.  Now you're all excited like a kid to sign shit lol
Get an paper maid
Don't hold your breath Mr President. Lets focus on taxes, border & infrastructure. Let ACA implode the democrats can't blame you then.
Oh. He's calling it his "pen"  now *smirks*
Morning, Grandpa! I know. Those millions of people won't UNINSURE themselves!
And I made you this!
Have all the state's individually put together a healthcare plan. Test the top 2 plans. If successful, implement a national healthcare plan
yeah you know i
 got pay for you cpetre   i
 don't like this  you namenke name
Of course you will, because all you do is sign shit you never read
When you say pen you mean crayons right?
No she means markers laugh out loud
Everyone hates this bill. http://fus.in/2tmMkpq 
Everyone? Who gave you the right to speak in our name?
#FuckReagan
So why You waited so long to air this out?
#BeforeObamaCare I loved having employers who promised health insurance, but never got around to it.

You have the ability to make this the greatest healthcare plan in history. YOU. Who cares if you piss some off in the process. Make history!
On this, we agree @realDonaldTrump the Republican Replacement Bill IS a total FAILURE. You're a fu*king moron.
Obama? Good idea he's caused so much pain and death in this country. I wish they'd try Hillery and him for the hate and disruption he caused
I wish all the Rubbery Republicans, and Dead-Deaf Democrats would use whatever non alcohol deaded brain cells left to pass the care bill now
...wow
I do not now or ever want to be ASSociated with the trump hating platform. I support my president and all of his men and women
And you have every right to feel the way you feel and believe the nonsense that you believe.
.it's not nonsense. Just because we have a difference of opinion does not make it nonsense.
Or out playing golf - again
Yes, it is  a failed replacement. How can you not see this?
WHY does your dad want the rich to get richer, this will not help us. (it will help you though)
Um...are you sure that's a pen in your hand? You did spend the day watching women golf. #CreepyOldPervPOTUS

OOOOHHHHH!!! This is your incompetent way of again calling Obmacare 'failed.' Not the DOA replacement.
Calling Obamacare "failed" and demanding repeal is like calling our Highway System failed due to potholes and reverting back to dirt roads.
Hoping every one will look forward for people care
We Love you, President Donald J. Trump!
Be a human being and don't just sign it to sign it. Make sure it's good for the american people not just your pocket.
You grasp of the English language is masterful, grip that pen tight with those tinny hands
Obama is wonderful and your wasting time. Your not passing any bills just trying to destroy Obamacare. You look like a bigger fool. #quit
After 7 years or is it 8, they better get it right .. on to tax reform!
Just keep waiting...
You said it yourself: "Failed Obama care replacement" It has and should fail and should not be considered a replacement for anything.
Why re-invent the wheel? Why not just fix the broken parts and take credit for it. It would be much easier!
Well put, uncle.

What?  You will actually come off the golf course to attend to the nation's business?  Funny one, Donald.....almost had me believing it...
LOSER
It's more imp.to get it RIGHT than to sign a crap plan to get it done. REPEAL IT & LET the People get their own!! THAT worked before. #MAGA
Pen in hand to go against your word with Scott Pelley here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6inQmf96SYQ …
Good job lying on your campaign.
It will fail just like the last one they tried to pass and the one before that. You must be so tired from all the failing you're doing.
Impeach this lying traitor!!!
#Trumpcare
Stop complaining about the Obamacare until yours gets out there then why let the people decide if yours is any better
Do what needs to be done to Make America Great Again Just remember one thing that a complete Country relies  on all decisions made by you 
do you even realize the error of You syntax? "Their failed Obamacare replacement..." that is right. GOP has failed.
Glad to know you're only a rubber stamp for bad policy.

Yes, don't leave that office and hold the pen with two hands. Please.
So now it's called a "pen."  
It is time to just repeal the damn thing forcing congress to do something. Its what you promised.    This is going nowhere END IT ALREADY!
Sure... dont u mean at the golf course?  While u have pen in hand, sign RESIGNATION LETTER  before #Impeach45
try heart and soul
You know here is a clue, just saying something is fake, or failed , or a hoax doesn't make it so
Safe to say English is not your first language. You should just stick to Russian!!!
8 years and still nothing. Great job @SenateMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan
Make sure you actually read what you are signing, Please. And it fully Repeals the ACA and No Bail Outs for insurance companies.
The republicans can't agree on nothing. They are part of the problem. Repeal that crap.
you mean this desk? #tinyhandtinydesk
What's wrong, is the 15,000 page ACA too much for you and the GOP?
does your golf cart have a desk? just wondering
ACA is not dead.  Your Trump care plan is DOA.  Pen in hand? Really? Your sitting at your desk at 2:57am? You need to be sleep old man!!
The People only want REPEAL.
So, ready to sign ANYTHING as a WIN for (only) YOU, huh? To hell w the American people, esp those in poverty! #UNFIT4POTUS
But you just said you would be at the Women's Open. Which is it?
*cues the "Price is Right" fail horns*
Sounds like Someone needs to stop posing AND Get to Work. How about it Congress xxx?
1st you are not at your desk, you are watching women play golf! 2nd GOP had 7 years to "get it done." GOP failed bigly!
Obviously you have the best words, but awful sentence structure. Read back this tweet to yourself out loud. What's "failed"? #SMFH
How can you tell if it's your pen or your dick?
I really can't understand how pro-lifers can't vote yes to this death sentence bill!
WHATEVER!!! Hopefully you will be impeached very very soon!!!
Donald, The depth of your ignorance is astounding.  #FailingDonaldTrump #Trumpcare #notwinning #ImpeachTrump #Resist #RussiaGate #Choker
The LardAss in Chief will be golfing in Jersey this weekend at Trump National in Bedminster
Wait don't you mean the failed #Republican replacement bill? #trumpcare harder than you thought isn't it? Resign before #Impeach45 #potus
Nice that you admit before it's even up for a vote that it is a "failed replacement" for ACA!  It fails on so many levels.Where is the win?

You'll be at your desk because no one in Congress wants to talk to you.
"Failed obamacare replacement" is the only honest thing you've ever said besides wanting to fuck Ivanka
They need you to teach them how to win. They blew it on this but I have faith that you can point them in the right direction. Go Donald go!
Sure that's your pen?
Welcome back to the music....

Your an epic failure!
All they need to do is write a replacement like the one they have! We should all have access to the same benefits. They work for us!
Love the thought of you waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting
Be at your desk? Well, God forbid you actually get involved in a polucy discussion...
So now you want to sign the already FAILED TRUMP-CARE. It really shows how much you care about the American people.
Need to open the boarders for health insurance companies
What's going on Mr. President?
Well, at least you already know it's a failed plan...Saved us the time in having to explain it to you. You can put the pen away 
It failed because you quit paying the bills don!
I glad to see you are at work even if it is just sitting there holding a pen. At least you took a?day off the golf course
You know what's in that bill?? No
Haha...sure..by that time there would probably be bars around you.
the one without lead??
And finger up your ass
Thats all that pen does is stay in hand...it don't write anything.
we will never get this pee stain off the rug in the Oval Office
I would suggest you use @Grammarly whenever you try to tweet for effective communication.
Today, a Rush caller (Greg?) asked  @POTUS 2use a pen+phone 2write executive order 4All state employees 2 go on BHOcare.
Keep up the good work. You're doing the most I've ever seen and I've been around for a while.
Did you learn how to spell ALL of the letters of your name? So proud of you, donnie!
G ok k
Meanwhile the people voting the ACA out have chosen to keep it for themselves.
so just gonna sit around and wait? No suggestions to help? What a great leader you are........
Sad.

Failed?Something you know?Create a real,viable solution-thats your job-for the citizens.Do not put out garbage.Everyone knows this stinks.
You're def gonna need a pee break before August, November, next year...NEVER? I know, I know, you can hold it longer than anyone EVER right
Have fun waiting. Perhaps you can take your fire truck for a spin instead
