Will you ever stop?
What we NEED is a real POTUS for all Americans who brings us together and fights for all our rights. What we NEED is to rid US of YOU!
Yeah and its certainly not you
so he had one accomplishment ?  what is the comparison to ?
Play more golf and tweet less!
Give me Liberty, or give me hot chocolate.
Now this would be some True Blue Patriots doing their Christian Duty to America!! Hint Hint @46 PENCE!!!  GOD I HOPE THIS IS NOT FAKE NEWS!!!    Conversion therapy at its best!!! GOD I PRAY IT HAPPENS!!
Like the game Obamacare rat republicans this Corker jerk is in the #AllSwampTeam
So when are you resigning?
We need a sane POTUS, resign already
And you have delivered on absolutely nothing so??
Bob Corker just ate too much of the wrong end of a cow.
#TrumpIsAMoron
Healthcare is right, not "health" insurance.  do this and us on the real left will start eating some words.
Shouldn't you be golfing? #neverworking #whatsyourscore

Vote out all RINOs, Drain the Swamp!
Corker is another amnesty RINO who puts the Swamp above America. Glad Corker is retiring!
Trump's Border Wall prototypes look amazing. This wall is going to be YUGE!!!

#MAGA #BuildTheWall
@POTUS you knocked it out of the park by picking @VP. #MikePence #MAGA
Mike Pence put America First today by standing for the National Anthem and boycotting the NFL after they showed such disrespect to our flag.
Build the Wall!! Hurry up Congress and fund the Border Wall!

LOL What a comedian
Hillary could've.
Oh like you?
We need to drain the swamp
Sir...football is on...

"we need people that can get the job done!" 

Agreed - so we'll be expecting your resignation first thing Monday morning?

Vote and Retweet: What is your opinion on guns?
Bob Corker owned your ass on Twitter today. Delete your account.
He’s so stupid @realDonaldTrump doesn’t know when to shut up @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @jaketapper
Wot is it with u & people that say publicly they think you're a canut..?? 
We need a new president
Period.
Corker is not the problem(s). Candidates that deceive the voters by promising to repeal horrendous Obamacare tax then renig are.
what have you given us sweetie
I made a gif listing all Trump's accomplishments!
Can we get the black guy back please
corker = the epitome of the "Globalist Infiltrated" US Govt politician!

No thanks! 

We need more "Citizenry Centric" politicians in govt!
Right now the entire world is letting this sink in. A far right nut says you're insane.
SAD!

>>
Why are you starting wars with senators, Puerto Rico, and North Korea, let alone your own Secretary of State?
Another fraudulently verified troll account with no following
10, 9, 8......
Lots of winning! Your administration is the laughing stock of the world 

Vote and Retweet: What is your opinion on guns?
Attacking an outgoing Senator isn't solving any of those issues, Trump. During the campaign, you said only you could fix them.
Trump has passed no major legislation despite his lofty promises. It's easy to see why he distracts with petty fights. He's done nothing.
Almost 10 months on the job and you still have no idea how this thing works. You pass nothing w/o Corker.
We need a real president. The emperor has no clothes. 
so quit
Well, that leaves you out.
Clean it up TRUMP!
TRUMP WON....FOR A REASON!
I love my president
Huh?

Wow look at those numbers. 10X larger than your original tweets.
How does it feel to get completely OWNED by members of your own party?
So when are you resigning since you can't accomplish anything but stoke division in our country? You are our greatest embarrassment.
+.    iiijiiiiiiiiiiiii
you keep telling the people that you're going to reform taxes for the middle class when in reality the only people benefiting are the rich!
Our choices will be open or closed casket
可怜的宝宝，日理万机，很是辛苦
I love Trump tip toes around no one. This is strength & conviction we've needed for a very long time.. Swamp Rats Beware. 
Drain the Swamp.
Dotard Moron Draft-Dodger Illegitimate trump tip toed around the draft. This is not strength, this is cowardice.
Peter, really? Is that all you got? Judging Trumps past with your leftist slant? Where were you when Obama was killing of our troops?
Where were you when Bush started those dam wars. Obama got what was passed up to him. Put blame were it should go.
All major wars were started by Democrats, WWI, WWII, Vietnam, oh & Iraq War.
MADE SPEECH @ ROTARY CLB SAID HASN'T RULED OUT RUNNING AGAINST U N 2020 HARD HELD MY MOUTH 2 TELL HIM "ONLY IN HIS DREAMS"
PROF WHAT HE'S DONE HERE IS SELF SEVER AGAINST PEOPLE PLAYS BIG SHOT BUT IS CROOK BUDDIES WITH ALEXANDER GOV HASLAM & BRO
What the heck? This claim is baseless? Trump. I thought you didn't lie. What makes you say Bob Corker gave us the Iran deal?
Then you need to resign IMMEDIATELY!
Wasn't Coker a MD, just wonder why nothing has been in Health Care???
Why in Iran Deal$$$
I guess that leaves you out..
You know what? Your right for once! We do need people that can get things done. Too bad your not the guy. Huuuuge disappointment. Bigly
WHAT IS OLE CUBAN SAID WAS GOING 2 BE VP U DIDN'T TAKE HIM & SAID WOULD BE VP WITH HC DIDN'T TAKE HIM SAYS WIL RUN AGAINT U
CORKER TOLD U ABOT HIM HE IS ANOTHER MCCAIN BC WANT 2 GO 2 DC TO B PRES LIKE HC MCCAIN CAN'T WIN THINKS WE WANT THEM NO WAY
That's not you!!
first attack killing all comunications (energy). internet http://etc.down.off .kill the nk president he is the key
What we need is a president that knows how to run a government
You can do it.
You don't want women to have access to health care, abortion, or birth control, so maybe we should just #LysistrataTheGOP?
We need to eliminate activist judges and you to go two terms with Pence or Cruz to follow.

he kind of made sure America didn't get nuked by Iran
Correct, .."We need HealthCare,Tax Reform, people that can get the job done!"...Sooo you'll be stepping down then,or just wait for Mueller?
That they owe you their control of the Senate is a big reason why they don't want you. I'm sure they preferred Hillary and an easy road.
We need Hillary. Pass the rigged ballot.
Need people that can get the job done? Leaves you out #LittleHands
Which is not you.
Trump's comments are right....Americans need Healthcare & Tax cuts / Reform & jobs......
#SupportKurdistan
What is the circus doing now?
Corker is an establishment hack
@realDonaldTrump What we really need is for you to resign immediately!
stupid thinking
Indeed we do Donald,  so go ahead and RESIGN so we can get someone who can.
U have to love ur President au u love ur mom
If we need people that can get the job done, what the hell do we have you around for?  Trumpski, total loser!
Health Care and Tax Reform are kind-of moot points in a nuclear confrontation
Adult day care
...and we definitely need @HouseGOP & @SenateGOP members to UNIFY&SUPPORT @POTUS to #MAGA instead of opposing DT & breaking campaign pledges
We need a new POTUS.
Do you think we can win a war with N. K. and Iran with the help of Russia and China?  Do the math
Yes, we do need people that can get the job done, Donnie....RESIGN!!
You r so right! We need people who can get the job done! So why the fuck r u still the president? Resign!
True!
Well that's one of the best parts of Obama's legacy, something Republicans and I believe yourself hated. Why are you praising it now?
What does Trump know about “getting the job done?” He has done absolutely nothing except instill hate and divide the US. #impeach #resist
You are so right Mr Trump! Please tell the world what we need! Your spirit is like the wind, it's blowing around everywhere. Greatness!
Too bad republicans are scared to speak out against you until the decide not to run.
So now you want to make sure Iran gets nuclear weapons. I think I'll take Corker any day compared to a deranged toddler-in-chief.
Trolls gonna “troll”,and that’s all they can do too...Hammer down 45,hammer down!!
#StopDealing w mullahs #terrorist regime Mr. President.
So what gives? Leave the job to the adults and get out! You are clearly not the man for the job. #realityshowWhiteHouse #twitler #idiot45
YOU need to get the job done. YOU'RE the one who is failing trump. YOU and your broken promises. Just keep taking those mulligans. Liar.
he didn't do the Iran deal, you're lying AGAIN. exhausting.
Is that Corker, or Crooker?
He’s basically called you a lunatic. I trust Bob.

You are 100% PURE GARBAGE
You are a child, a bully! The gull to criticize anyone and hold ur self up as a beacon of hope is nauseating.  Go back to your tower!
Thank you Mr Corker. I guess you are the only one who has the courage to voice what needs to be said about Trump.The rest of the GOP,cowards
We need a president who isn't a traitor.  A president who cares about the people of this great nation.  Hint: Not you, Mr. Trump.
...starting with yourself.  You can't get shit done. You're that kid that knocks over other kids' block castles.
We do need people who can get things done.  Therefore resign and take your sorry ass back to NY so ANYTHING might get accomplished.
Amendment 28 sir

Yep. We need a new president. Someone that knows what he is doing.
Nothing's getting done in the Adult Day Care Center

Trump wants to challenge you to an IQ test
He’d lose BIGLY
Long live thr trump
So not you then...
WE NEED YOU TO GET THE FUCK OUT!
Please save the horses
Of course, you’re lying. But if you weren’t, Corker would still have done more than you will ever do (damage not included).
Your the president, unfortunately, isn't that your job????????
Absolutely yes.  Don’t like Bob Corker   Love Vic President. He did great
It would be so GREAT to have people who could get stuff done...so how about you step down so we can get some?
I sure know how you feel.... FRUSTRATED! This Senate has done nothing and it appears that they never will. We will change this by voting.
Yes we will. Talk about do nothing worthless money raising forget the constituants politicians. They have to go and we can vote them out.
How’s daycare?
If it is people we need to get the job done then please resign.  Mueller will still find you for treason trial.
Liar, liar, pants on fire! He didn't cast 98 votes did he? Didn't twist any arms did he?
Trump says Corker “gave us the Iran Deal.” Actually, Corker co-sponsored a bill that passed 98-1 to review the deal. http://ow.ly/8wVS30fL75u 
We The people know that not just the media are our enemies. GOP establishment too. See you in 2018
@SenBobCorker is part of the swamp. Good riddance! We need the snakes McConnell and Ryan gone too


For all your supporters so hot on tax cuts... where do they think the revenue to fund this country's expenditures will come from?  Seriously
Corker is just another feckless swamp rat. Drain em all.
You are talking to yourself, aren't you? Good pep talK!
We need someone else in the WH!
Thank goodness for republicans like corker, McCain& others! If u knew what u were talking about u would know this is a good deal & ACA. 
Stop it.  Stop acting like a child. Stop being a bully w/ the nasty names. We r all sick of it already.  Enough is enough with your tweets
President Trump please get rid of Sessions he is MIA ! Not investigating anyone but collecting a big fat check. #UselessSessions
For the first time, you are right. We need people that can get the job done. What are you waiting for! Then get the F--K out of the WH!
AGREE!
.....but that’s not you.....
WELL U BETTER GET OUT THE WHITE HOUSE MR.BIG DUMMY..
That was your job wasn’t it 
@VoteMarsha
That's a lie #ChampagneCabinet #Corruption
Sumerios ??, May. ..
Hoping Corker is the end of your insane administration!!
You do know he fought against the Iran Deal and voted against it. Again how many times does one repeat a lie, before they believe it.
The people @DippinDots can get the job done!
Lol, then it looks like time for Trump to step down, because getting little done, but making divisions in our country worse! Not a leader!

Sweetie, he has no fuc%$ left to give and you're in his sights.
Donny gave America lies lies and well just more lies. But he did say Mexico will pay for the wall. Hahaha
PLEASE EXPOSE FAKE MEDIA COVER UP 
Lie by Lie: by Robert Mueller FAKE intelligence to go to the IRAQ WAR
CLICK ON LINK  KNOWLEDGE IS POWER
http://www.nytimes.com/2003/03/05/politics/full-text-of-fbi-agents-letter-to-director-mueller.html …
has no brains, no wins, no moral compass, no popular majority, no idea #Mueller + Schneiderman will convict him.  #moron
We need you... To #ShutTheTrumpUp
We need tort reform. Without that, health care reform is only a band-aid.
Corker did NOT do the Iran deal.  Donnie - your skin is too white and too thin. Quit before you're impeached.
Sure as hell you do not get much done!
I agree. Be gone with the bum.
Need u to@leave office!
Please do something about Antifa! We submitted a petition asking that they be flagged a terrorist group. Hillary and Soros funded group.
LOVE CORKER?  So far NOT A SINGLE SENATOR has challenged Corker’s terrifying assessment of Trump’s unfitness to protect national security and world peace.
we need YOU to help the people of Puerto Rico adequately.
IMPEACH TRUMP IMPEACH TRUMP IMPEACH TRUMP IMPEACH TRUMP IMPEACH TRUMP IMPEACH TRUMP IMPEACH TRUMP IMPEACH TRUMP IMPEACH TRUMP IMPEACH TRUMP
Corker is compromised!
Mr President that leaves you out...Because you don't read, do you read all the details on documents?
Good job draining "The Swamp"!
Dems SPY ?
Why are yout still in the White House? You can't do the job.
Help make "America Great Again" by leaving your post as President of this already Great Country @realDonaldTrump // #Covfefe #FDT #MAGA 
Thank God he's leaving. When's McCain up for election? It's like pulling weeds one at a time.
McPain may leave whether he wants to or not. Others will be primaried out in 2018 & 2020. Ask @SteveBannen. He'll tell you!
And that's not you loser
A step to World Peace. No small thing.
