RT to thank @POTUS and @FLOTUS for their personal donation to the #HurricaneHarvey relief efforts. 
The President donates 1 million dollars of his own cash to Hurricane Harvey relief aid, and yet liberals are still demonizing him.
The man just donated more money than 2/3rds of the people commenting even have. #MAGA
1) Trump soaks taxpayers for security detail
2) Trump pockets the $ that security & heads of state spend at his properties
3) He hasn't paid
Trump has bragged about many donations he never made. Washington Post has outed Trump as a fraud.
Washington Post? You mean the fraud news outlet?
Trump is the fraud. He brags about his donations and when WaPo checks on it, the recipients say the money NEVER CAME!
Keep drinking the koolaid bud! Trumps employed more people than you've probably shaken hands with lmao.
Where's the $5M?
Time to release those taxes @realDonaldTrump
Liberal Troll:
It is against the law to hold office if you are not a citizen.
Taxes have nothing to do with running for office.
he's no longer "running", he's president now and there is a need to get to the bottom of #TrumpRussia. Oh, & Muller has DT taxes!
'Addressed' to: uninformed troll
Medicaid,food, money, housing, for the poor, children and mother and the whole family, the elderly, the widow, ect.. Money
The Rich need to Help the poor.!!! The government needs to be giving more help to the poor not taking away what's there!!!
How are you bro?? 
Everything fine?
Nice 
Please follow me friend
I'll believe it when I see the check...cashed in Texas!! #TrumpLies and he was willing to give $5mil to see Obama birth certificate!! Shame!
I hope a lot of people are helped with the $1 million dollars. It's not always about politics. It's about helping and glad to see people are
Nobody has yet to see this contribution!!! Still believing his lies? Like when he said he was giving money to nonexisting veterans charity
Can you cite the crap you troll out?

You have got to be shitting me. Know what I donated? Of course not. Humility and anonymity. You're incapable
Such humility!

What's really great is how you don't go on about it.
While Hillary Clinton travels the country charging people to listen to her whine about her  loss, Trump donates his own funds to #Harvey
Our president has done more for America in 7 months than any elected official has in decades. We are making America great again!
These people need Trump's and ICE's attention
SAVE DACA
Such an amazing amazing thing for you to do!
Everything's about tax breaks with this guy
Leonardo D and Sandra B each gave the same $1M. A small fraction of your net w. Michael Dell gave $38M. Thats what a real billionaire gives!
Was it your own funds, or was it the trump foundation funds using other people's money that you duped?
Show us the receipt.
Open your eyes
Bullshit
You have to actually pay them. A statement and announcement does not a donation make!
OH, DID U FINALLY TURN THE MONEY OVER? OR, ANOTHER RUSE?
We'll believe it when we see it. So far you ripped of American taxpayers for far more than that, just by golfing.
This was good
Don't  you have like BILLIONS?? We all know the only reason you donated is b/c we hounded you daily.
No one will believe you w/o a photo. You've lied too many times.
MAGA
5 million for Obamas BC, 1 million for charity....

Wake up snowflake.. The world gonna leave you behind
Salmos 37:23-
24 Tal vez tenga tropiezos,
pero no llegará a fracasar
porque Dios le dará su apoyo...
A PLEDGE from a LIAR! How come their name isn't on the list? They gave $0! And he's boasting like he wrote the check!
WRONG!  President @realDonaldTrump is a TRUTH Teller.

#MAGA 
You want props? You've made so much money off the Govt since taking office. Drained USSS budget. DRAINED IT. You Profited. #ResignTrump
Resist
Good deeds are better when you don't brag about them.
Pres Trump bragging and retweeting that he and First Lady Melania made a donation to Harvey victims. #ThursdayThoughts #morningjoe
It's disgusting that you Have to brag about a $1 million donation when you are allegedly worth 10,000 times that ($10 billion)
It's disgusting that you have nothing better to do than assault a man who just donated 1 million of his dollars.
I blocked him.


Let the investigations begin.
You might want to check your fingertips for calluses with all of the patting yourself on the back! Narcissist to the last! SAD!
Isaiah 58:11
The #Lord will guide you continually, And satisfy your #soul in #drought, And #strengthen your #bones; [1/2]

Where are the receipts?  A pledge is a promise and we know how you handle promises!
While you are at it I think you have some making up to do with Rahm Emmanuel
How does it feel to be unofficially banned from a city?  The first President ever!
You e dedicated your life to tweeting at trump awww how sad
And why did you say "thank you" in return? You could have left it with "it's our honor". Everything isn't about you, you know.
We have an egotistical maniac in the White House and it has tarnished America's standing internationally. We're now a laughing stock.
No clear argument to back up your whataboutism, aye? Thanks for the exchange. Take care.
Picking on someone donating? You obviously didn't read my tweet. I called him out for making it about him.
As usual, you are lying - you haven't donated even ONE cent!
Thank you, our great honor! https://twitter.com/gop/status/905541896738672641 …...

@GOP @POTUS @FLOTUS Thank U so much! We the people of TX are VERY grateful!!
Orange dick
Donal Trmp es Joto
Yup! I want to know too!
 @HillaryClinton "What Happened"?
@BarackObama Where's your donation to all of the "folks" in need in TX?
Or tolerance.
Have these been verified?
Moronic question
"The check is in the mail." 
Incredibly moronic post. Stick to the safe space behind the anonymity of your fake account.
You seem to love my posts. That's why you're still here. 



Man with large knife 

Watch what happens 

…

  FREE SPEECH

VS…

Illegal alien is bragging
about breaking the law.

Arrest and deport  …

 #ReTweet: if you
SUPPORT our nation's
POLICE! Cop haters; are
one of Barack Obama's…

45 years ago Palestinian
Terrorists killed 11 Israeli
athletes participating in
#Munich #Olympics …

  WE FOUND The 60
Minutes Interview George
Soros Tried To Bury  

Profile of a sociopath @georgesoros https://twitter.com/alwaysactions/status/852329156507566080 …

Watch & decide for yourself if @mmfa is right that @georgesoros is innocent of the charge of Nazi collaboration b/c he was a "child" https://twitter.com/alwaysactions/status/852329156507566080 …
UNITED WE STAND & DIVIDED WE WILL FALL.  I HOPE EVERYONE IN THE
U. S. GETS   THIS.
Plenty of other people actually donated money immediately.
he did it immediately too. I heard it almost immediately
He pledged on the 31st. The hurricane started on the 25th.
you people don't even see how pathetic you are . It's just salty and pitiful gets worse every day
You really rt'd to make sure everyone knew you donated? C'mon man. Have some class. Some dignity. Or at least pretend you have some. #ffs
Please investigate Red Cross, they are not helping the people in our area.
Thank you
The same people that don't believe in you President Trump are the same people that don't have a relationship with Jesus Christ.
Trump U R NOT honored! SATAN & Trump belong in HELL!!!
Give me a fkin break! U donated because Americans were giving you shit about your promise and lack of integrity...John Kelly  out ur ?
You didn't come up with that list nor your Botox immigrant wife. Had to have been an adult who wrote it.
Thanks. Great support. #Cheers!
I call bullshit.
Show us the proof. Show us your taxes. You probably paid it out of your foundation, or not at all. You always run this scam.
Do you want a medal?
No, he just wants more fake news. He just loves fake news especially from CNN.  They give him coverage "like he's never seen before"!
Braggart
It is so clear when you read somebody else's words from the TelePrompTer. You don't know how to say it because it demands heart you lack.
Good
Keep on Making America Great Again with your daily example. We're proud of you and grateful for your service to America
You are a fraud
I'd like to sit around and debate with u jerks but I'm out helping with hurricanes. Put it to rest fools Until we fix tx and fl mess.
سكس
You're a good man. Hang in there.
#TrumpSucks
We appreciate all you and FLOTUS do!
Russian funded
Probably, Art...but what about the actual payment? lol
A donation is not a donation until it reaches its recipient
Well, at least until it gets paid. Let's cut Trump that much slack. lol
But you offered five million for anyone who could give you info on President Obama's birth certificate.
THIS IS WHY POTUS TRUMP IS MY HERO AND IDOL ALWAY THINKS OF OTHERS OVER HIMSELF AND GOES WAY OUT OF HIS WAY TO HELP OTHERS AND AMERICA.
Receipts Please
Thank you both
A little more self promotion, Cookie.
Gosh there R many sour grape people. Fix school system fast & make common sense a subject again. Can't believe how 1/2 USA is now so crazy!
I'll believe it once I see the cancelled checks AND your tax returns.
Thank you! Praying God greatly blesses you!
Twitter = Progressive Censorship
Red Cross should be 20X Salvation Army's resources to give
SHOW US THE RECEIPT. THESE ARE "ONLY" RECOMMENDATIONS. YOU ARE KNOW FOR NOT PAYING A CENT TO CHARITIES YOU PLEDGE TO. THANK YOU SOCIAL MEDIA
Can't remember the Obamas ever donating to charity.
Sure they did, they just used other people's money to donate to groups that are against the people who's money was donated that he used!
Thank you for your Donation! The people of Texas won't forget it!#MAGA
I wonder if ANY of those deadbeats in Congress will MATCH THIS DONATION? @SenJohnMcCain @NancyPelosi @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @SenSchumer
What a #headline hogging terrible president you are. The honor should be serving this country. Not #flaunting your #status.
Uh have they given any donation yet? I bet they never give one penny
#TheChecksInTheMail #TrumpResign
haha. There you go, JLB...check is in the mail. lol
THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP !
You're parents would be so proud of you Adolf and Eva
Announcing money and giving money are not the same thing. I can announce that I will give a billion dollars--doesn't mean I can!
Sorry - I don't believe this happened. You have lied about this before. You're a liar
Let's see the receipt before I give praise
Show me the receipts
Shut up
You failed to mention that you rescinded the preparedness EO to deal with things like this AND you cut $1billlion from FEMA for a wall. Sad
How much did Pelosi give?
Need to see the receipts.
Thank you, our great honor! I will recoup that million in the upcoming tax reform! #MAGA #TaxReform #StealFromPoor
It's great that you've donated, but they'd much prefer you to do your job and get them out of that mess.
Kiiss ass GOP. Surely a man of great wealth like DJT claims to have could have given more than a measly 1mil
High heels and box shuffling ... nice one
When are you actually going to write the check?
Loving our President's generous heart.  We love you in Texas
Don't count that money yet. You don't have it and tRumps not all that great about actually giving money.
PLEASE PAY ATTENTION TO ME. LOOK HOW MUCH HEART I HAVE. I AM SO GREAT< I NEED TO SHOW THIS!! BE PROUD OF ME, ANYONE

Don't believe it until we see it!
Trump FBI refused to work with attorney on Hillary files due to lack of "public interest  how can that be? If we keep screaming lock her up
@WERStanford god bless Trump
Very thoughtful and generous donation.
Why such drama around a charitable donation?
I don't believe it. Where are your taxes?
We will monitor those non profits closely to see when the donations are actually made.  So far they haven't received anything, sources say.
Hay que dar ejemplo a las grandes fortunas.
@realDonaldTrump please prove this is really your "personal" donation and not money taken from your foundation.
You and your family have given in so many ways to help US, the people, like no other @POTUS Thank You for #MAGA 
President Kennedy didn't "give" anything much? Okay. Your world is untethered from history.
Meaningless
Has to brag
Not true unless receipts are mad public and funds clear.
Mueller is coming for you.
Tick...
Tick...
Tick...
Tick...
Tick...
Tick...
Tick...
I want to see the receipts. Signed by somebody not named Trump. It's not that I don't Trust you Donnie but...... I don't trust you.
He'll never pay it from personal funds. He'll take it from campaign donations or siphon it through his fake charity. Don't hold your breath.
Thank you @realDonaldTrump U R an amazing role model. We support you always and look forward to bring a part of making America Great Again!
It amazes me that people can find a reason to complain about Trump donating out of pocket to a relief fund. Seriously people, grow up.
It's disgusting that Hillary is begging her supporters for 3000$ for meet & greets and 270$ to hesr her talk about being a LOOSER !

I dare you to post the deposited check

HONOUR!!!
He only did it because it's tax deductible - oh, wait. He uses rich-guy loopholes to avoid paying taxes like the rest of us.
Carry on.
Do you brag about it the way he does?

I've reached out to all 12 charities designated to receive @realdonaldtrump's donations. Will update you when the $ arrives.
Pray for us Mother Mary and protect Us all from the evil ones. Amen.
My mother's name is not Mary. What are you on about?
You rock prez maga were gaining strength winning winning winning winning winning winning
Let me know when the checks are signed and distributed. Until then, this is fake news.
That's cheap considering you are a multi billionaire.
Yeah right, show us the damn money! #FakePOTUS #WHSquatter #HarveyWhore #ManchurianIdiot #ConfederacyOfDunces
So much respect! Action speaks louder than words!
Post the receipts, please.
Thank you President Trump. God Bless all that you and Melania do for US!  You are loved.
No accounting for taste, I guess.
How about showing REAL honor by not bragging about every goddamn thing you do!  Do it and stop bragging about everything!!!
Very generous Mr @POTUS
B4 u start thanking this idiot you better wait for the cheque to clear!
#TrumpsAShister
Thought he was donating $1 million until he found he couldn't get the money from one of his companies as it was under investigation #IRS
It would be more helpful to not cut the billions from FEMA and NOAA.
But Kim--government 101..you cannot move billions from FEMA/NOAA to Trump & Friends personal accounts if you do not cut the funds first. lol
Climate change is real
@GOP No retweet! No support for incompetency.
Has the donation actually been made?
Dude - at what finishing school did they instruct you to tweet your thank you letters?
Show us the money 
Thank you sir!
They need to thank the media for keeping the heat on you til you did.
Oh, HELL NO!
Who has to brag they gave a charity donation when they're POTUS?? How about all the unfulfilled donations over the years? #alternativefacts
