Good to see you're not still obsessing over how badly she beat you at the debate podium. 
Yeah cause those "here hillary these are the questions" debates lead to her presidency. Good point you made.
There are no questions in debates. Not how they work.
Mediator ask the people in the debate, questions......and that is how it works.
Topics. Not questions. And all topics an aspiring president should have anticipated. Sorry. He lost because he sucked at it.
Loss  he is the 45th president of the United States No?
Read the chain. We're discussing the debate, not the election. (Again: topics!)
They all relate and her winning a debate which she didn't is irrelevant. What did winning a debate do for her 
Bless your heart!  Hillary wasn't rejected my the American people!! #treasonoustrump was.... thanks to the #electoralcollege
Do you need me to explain the electoral college to you? It was a brilliant system to protect us from ppl like this.
This is fake Christians, Jesus Wept!  #shameful and #Repent now!
Juge not lest us be judged. Thus faith the Lord. I will pray for you. Goodnight.
Bless your heart!  I'm just seeing the non-fruit of your tree!
Thank you for your observations. I think I'll be okay; so if you've time to spare, why not volunteer @ an animal shelter or something.
1. You rigged the election - we all know it. 

2. Hillary won the popular vote. You did not. 

3. Stop calling ppl names. Be Presidential!
You must have been told every vote counts. It doesn't. Your vote doesn't matter. Only the electoral college matters. Time to wake up.
I'm well aware of the electoral college, thanks. I am awake and I'm mad.
@realDonaldTrump the man baby!
If you didn't like that book, try this one — some good lessons in here about working together to solve problems. Happy to send a copy.
I want my cut of the commission if she uses my idea She can have 4 volumes with 9,000 deleted emails in each - written in prison of course
Which victims, there are so many? Ben Ghazi? Seth Rich ? Haiti? Cancer Patients ? Best -Seller = we should have plenty she has a long list
Did...did you just say "Ben Ghazi"?
Nothing, but I found it being written like a person's name to be rather humorous.
She didn't lose debates, she just lost election!  Crooked Trump blames everybody for everything about everything!
She won the debates and you and Putin rigged the election.  YOU are The PUPPET
She won the election debates because she can express herself & you cannot speak properly. She lost the electoral votes not the people's vote
She lost the debates?  To who?  YOU?!!  Bahwaaaaahhhh!
Thanks, Stalker. The Russians sealed your deal for you.
I thought the White House generals talked to you about manhood and grownup behavior? Still don't get it?
But you've lost your mind. #Sad
@HillaryClinton Would you please just GO AWAY Hillary!
Yeah the ole you won the debates lie. It's an oldie but a goodie. Good too see you've moved on Mr. President.
Clown
She's a loser, period. Anyone who can't accept responsibliity for their own situation is unfit for office and likely a democrat.
... and yet, 74 million people voted for someone OTHER than the Orangutan.
Give us the wall, you hack!
If you don't give us the wall you will be a one term president.

Those of us that voted for you will guarantee it!
You're a hateful, horrible, con man. The day you are no longer heard will be the greatest blessing. I can't wait until the truth is out.
Amen!
Agree with you Mr President
Then explain why you said if you lost its bc the election was riggged. My guess? YOU knew YOU were doing/spending everything to win 
And we voted for you so the wall would be built, not fix the current one. Get it done
Wow you really got that woman under your skin. @FLOTUS must be pretty jealous by now. You have almost nothing to say about her.
Your WH said it was handling of her emails that got Comey fired, T'was explanation 1C.
yeah, well, she didn't have the Russians hacking the election boxes.  Or have family members colluding with the Russians.  #Treasonous
Apparently you did read the book. She did take her share of the blame. Can you stop with the grade school name calling?
As a professional u should be responsible.....
She lost neither. I think you lost your mind
Are you ever gonna fucking grow up?
#Stfu45 she won the pop. Vote.
No, everyone said she won the debates. And she got more votes.
She destroyed you in the debates. And then in the popular vote.
He won the election. All that matters. Sad but true. Let's work together.
When he moves on, we'll move on
What have you and yours done in the past year to abolish the electoral college? Or are you just whiners?
Wtf is "you and yours". Abolishing it takes a constitutional amendment so it's not feasible with the elected officials we have rn
We are a country devided. Progress will only come with bipartisan unity. I got up and voted. I am not going to whine because she didn't win.
The 'Russia Thing' was made up.  Facts are fake news.  She was top of her class at Wellesley College.  U were entitled son of slum landlord.
Dude. SHE has let it go! Time you did the same. Why do you even still THINK about the election!?! You have much bigger fish to fry...
Uh, you STOLE the election and LOST the vote!

And you lost touch with reality. She won the popular vote. More people wanted her than your hateful politics. Recheck your facts. So sad.
Alzheimer's: People may experience:
Cognitive: mental decline, difficulty thinking and understanding, confusion in even hours, delusion....
disorientation, forgetfulness, making things up, mental confusion, difficulty concentrating, inability to create new memories...
And that's just one of his many problems. Add that to destructive personality disorders and plain ol assholeness
You can say all you want. You will ALWAYS be the #PopularVoteLoser. And that's why u r hated from coast to coast
And You lost the popular vote to a woman who has more experience running a country then you. LOL
Lying Donald Trump will be handled by the most powerful man in the world Jesus it want be long thanks God
Whatever, Mr holier than thou,
The one time I agree with trump
Trump never even read the book he paid a guy to write for him, let alone this one.  Maybe @mike_pence can have his rabbit read it to him.
And you lost the popular election. You are a stain on our nation and humanity. 
#TrumpResignNow #DworkinReport

@Tahoesquaw1 @TheRynheart @RighteousBabe4 @DrDinD @hshane2112 @YerOpinion @jidk1187 @Dar_Thatcher @57_aharrison @adriana7077 @tahino1

My bet: #Mueller #Comey #Brennan @SallyQYates @selectedwisdom @RWPUSA @waltshaub @ValeriePlame @algore #Obama #HRC #steeledossier @FBI
#TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpObstruction #MuellerTime #TrumpGoingDown

On sale now ladies!
Liberal tears of joy as we watch Trump go down. A matter of time for the Trump tears avalanche. That fountain of regret has already started.

Tell us, has Clinton paid $25 million to settle a law suit for conning many people who were ripped off with a phony university? Has she EVER been accused of committing adultery four times?  She lost the election, yes, but she wins being an honest, principled and dignified person.
What happen to her uranium deal ...she should be place on trial together with Obama
So, Mr. #Trump, why can't we ever hear you accept blame for your mistakes?????
Obama
Sucked Sucked
Killery never had a direction other than keeping her corruption, lies and illegal deals kept under cover #MAGA 
Just like trump then ok
Trump? He's the exact opposite of Hillary!
I have no respect for anyone who humiliated, degrades or disrespects others to further themselves. That's what trump does.
No he doesn't-he tells it like it is. I have no respect for anyone who sees anything good in HC. Stop drinking the kool-aid!
what a loser you are tRump.  You lost the debates and the popular vote.  It just eats at you doesn't it? #whiner
This is what happens when you knowingly lie on your CV and get a job you know the other candidate was better qualified for.
Yes, you sit around in your underwear and whine about it.
I'm gouging out my eyes as we tweet...
then you will be blind and need a white cane.
Poor little Emo...no sense of right and wrong and no sense of humour.
Please grow up and do your job.
She won the debates. Remember when you said, "No puppet, no puppet, you're the puppet"? Yeah, that was real smooth debating, Donnie.
#HILLARYISSOLOW that a slug can't pick her up when she's in it's path
Malayzian PM wants to "invest BILLIONS" (of Malyzians' stolen funds?) hoping that DOJ drops investigation into Crooked Najis? LOCK HIM UP!!!
She won every debate. She won the election. Move to Russia with your friends.
You must be mistaken. She lost. Your vote does not count. Only the electoral college votes matter.
But not the popular vote.
I can't wait until Mueller & Schneiderman lock you & your entire crime family up & we never have to see or hear from any of you again! 
Crooked Trumpo only won because his ass kissing Russkies sped fake news.  You are a racist liar.
As soon as u go after N.K, Russia will cease the moment and destroy us. Theres no do overs trump its not a negotiation u can walk away from
Once the attacks begin, u cant quit. U cant apologize & make it ok. It doesn't get more real than this. #notagame #getserious
Please sir my Anglophone people in Cameroon are dying. Please help us
Chill Donald
@HillaryClinton also lost 30,000 emails and even better, she lost her shot at The Presidency ! #MAGA
You're the crooked one ... Clintons loss was the 'perfect storm' ... You got lucky or NOT
She won the popular vote though.
she did not lose the debates. Do you feel weird when you lie constantly? Asking for a friend.
Get a life Trump stop talking about Hillary and do your job.
She won't stop lying, he has a  right to respond.
Maybe there are more important things than him jacking off while he spews filth about her.  Seriously, GROW UP @realDonaldTrump
She spewed plenty about him, and lied plenty, too.
The Presidential mystique is dead, and you can thank Bill "Blue Dress" Clinton for that.
But it's okay for . . no . . gonna end this conversation and go back to wondering why we are friends
Okay.
Hey pal i voted for u and u need to do the damm things u said! Hillary is evil and needs to be in prison forever!
Yeah and you just blamed Sarah Sanders and Stormy Daniels for talking about actions you took. You are so sad!
You cheated had the election rigged by the Russians you won't be president for long
Would you please just act like a President and shut up with your junior high school crap..
Why you not wont look africa??
I think maybe trump can't read. Hell he can't focus so how could he.
Actually, she won the debates and she is t crooked, but apparently she still lives in your brain as you're clearly obsessed with her. #weak
I still want her Impeached and Indicted, as well as Obamas records unsealed? Kevin Brady told me face to face something I cannot forget!
You're the president, why do you need to waste your time with this?!! Why don't you try not tweeting and work.
You needed the Russians!
Hillary is a hopeless mess. Nobody cares about this dishonest woman. She has done everything to herself. Keep making a fool out of youself.
Election is over Mr. Trump
Grow up Mr. Campaign Manager elections are long gone u are the president now
If she was ethical, she would have won. But she sold her soul to the D...& look what happened.
You got your ass handed to you in the debates. If you were ever honest with yourself you would recognize that fact.
@realDonaldTrump you are the very definition of "crooked". Also, the very definition of "hypocrite", "disgusting", & soon to be "impeached"
Can’t you like send the Seals after her, or maybe just a cook! Would not want to use to much force!
Grow up! Act like the president and start focusing on things that matter
You are just a sad little man
You are a joke
why are you still talking about this? Get over it already and do something productive with ... http://tmi.me/1fjIcX 
I love it cuz you tell it like it is please don't change Doug s
Why did one of you son cry "you where new at this", during the debates if she lost so bad...?
Fuck asshole @realDonaldTrump
She didn’t lose 1 debate!  And the election was rigged. You’re an illegitimate President.
Clinton: Trump’s bathroom quip showed he’s a ‘very emotionally strange man’
You need to get over Hillary, it's old and tired! 
@HillaryClinton and @BarackObama administration needs to be investigated by a special counsel!  The evidence is overwhelming!!
No you derp. She won the debates and the popular vote. You cheated w/help of Russia. Your bs will all be revealed in time. Illegitimate prez
When you gonna stop with Crooked Hillary snoooooooze enough now so boring why not trying to lead this country for a change
From the mouth of our FAKE President
TRUMP, you're a HUGE embarrassment as an elected representative of our country & you exhibit no leadership or role modeling skills.
3,000,00 votes say different,
Why are you still so obsessed with Hillary? Oh yeah, she beat you by 3,000,000 votes. Lmao
Donnie, you disgust me. #resign #ResistTrump #resiststupidity
The fact that you can't stop trying to demean her shows that you are intimidated by her. YOU ARE SCARED OF A WOMAN! What a coward!
When are you going to quit on crying Donald, she won by 3 million votes and the Russians placed you on the throne, please do cry about that?
When are you going to take responsibility for the crap you've done?!!!!!
Please stop her! Her comments are getting way out of hand. Doesn't she realize the American people have spoken, and we do not want her.
She has mental issues. She's so damn mad that she lost, that she can't see, or walk straight. Just throw her behind bars!!!
Don the con, you're fired! Go back to where you came from. Oh, that won't work! New York City does not want you either!
and you lost your mind
Idea for returning power back to Porto Rico fast. Dock to aircraft carrier on each end of island and use their power plants.
You obviously didn't read her book. Oh right! You can't read! Hahahahahaha!
Er...you do recall that she won the popular vote..?
Yeah, and you're losing your presidency with all that juvenil behavior you have.
Wow nothing else to talk about ! You must have a thing for Hilary ! She probably turned you down at. Some point !
Da  komrad  ,  lmao
And most of all she lost her mind..LoL
You child
Did we watch the same debates? She kicked your ass so hard her shoes had Cheetos stains on them
Why are you still talking about this woman?? Grow up.
You can barley speak English
Compared to how corrupt u r hillary deserves a gold star for ethics
You are just jealous! U will never be the best president & that eats at your core.
Crooked Donald Trump blames everybody (and everything)but himself for his miserable failure as a decent president. He's losing his sanity!
Newsflash Donald you are president start acting like it
You spoke #Truth against her lies as well. Keep listening to God, and you will succeed. In Jesus Name. Amen.

Hillary blames everyone...That's funny. U don't have the balls to accept that ur incompetent, have no clue & blame everyone
you seriously want to say this? SERIOUSLY?
Sir this is something that is no surprise. Dont waste time and energy on it. We need you for more important things than this.
She lost her mind too!

Funny that a lifelong Con Man who (God willing) will probably end up in prison calls a far more accomplished woman like Hillary "crooked."
Shut up. Your dismal approval rating and how you're going to turn things should be what you're focusing on, instead of Hilliard Clinton.
At least shes come out of hiding   good for her
Stop calling her crooked!!! You are seriously suffering from a personality disorder!  Just stop!

Stop whinning you cry baby...!!!! You won. Sadly. Now start act like a president and run the country.oh and stop having rallys #45isanidiot
Mr. President I support you in every account. I would love if you could help me get reinstated back into the US Army. I would put myself out
Although I voted for her, I really think she's gone too far with this book, she needs to shut up and color...forever
Wrong !!!!
ignore her and get on with your job.
Are you STILL bashing someone from 1 tear ago?  I would think the leader of the free world would have moved on to better things by now.idiot
SHUT UP OLD MAN!
Stop saying "crooked". That is untrue and so very rude.  Name calling is beneath your office.
The chance   I would love it if you could do something for me. Thanks Charlie Ware
Hey, president Trump, keep up the good work. There is still a lot of us with you. Keep pushing to get these illegal immigrants out.
But she won the popular vote.  Can't you just shut up?
crook Trump colluded with the election. He DID NOT WIN, HE CHEATED like the criminal he is. He blames his hate for leader Obama on everyone
Grow up and do your work DONALD TRUMP. You're the US president, not a socialite! Were you elected to incite Asia to go to war!!!!?? WTF!
She WON wayyyy more votes than you!
To finish what I was saying. I would put myself out on the front line defending my country knowing that I have a man such as yourself
I liked Hillary ,some of the stuff she stood for I would've disliked too .Seeing you work bipartisan efforts  is+change
At least she hasn't lost her mind!!!!!
you lost the debates just like the popular vote...
Rock on Donald we got your back
Why is she not in jail already? And where is reciprocity?  I hear you're coming to my town next week. While our state is run by idiots, you have friends here. I hope you accept @OANN invite. Anyway, welcome to San Diego!
 http://www.SunDiegoLive.com 
No she didn't as any intelligent person who watched the debates knows
Mr President
Insurance companies are killing this country, insurance companies on every level @TuckerCarlson @billoreilly @seanhannity
How many times do have to be told QUIT FUKKING CALLING PEOPLE NAMES!!! GROW UP!! I'm so sick of it!!
Please govern and get over the election!
Get over it already.
Just shut up about Hillary, ok? We have way more important problems in the US than the fact that Hillary lost the election.
Mr. president you are the best.
Wrong as usual
Hillary be like:
You only won by cheating. We the people know who we elected!! Now make a difference instead of trying to change the work of our former POTUS
She lost to Russia
Obsess much.
She sure did shit the bed...don't think anyone denies that.  But that doesn't mean you can't let it go.  Shit..you won.  Now do the job.
It's time #POTUS fired this illegal Special Council's efforts to void the 2016 election that some 60+million of us voted only he can stop it
But beat you in the popular vote by 3,000,000
She won the debates.  She lost because of an electoral college malfunction
Hilary crushed you in every debate.
