北海道札幌市北区麻生町3丁目の第五山重ビル三階の302号室の吉野了司です
.
Transfer of power# not to We, the People# Been tweeting you since inauguration# no response,# contact#
Don# 614-226-9932
6
nice one bane
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/auto-delete-your-facebook-account-after.html?m=1 …
.
Hijo de.........puuuuu
.
transferring....to what? Jesus, you do not understand words, do you?
any hope of bringing the textile industries back to this country?
Millions more voted for Hillary than you. Always remember how many hate you in the US.  Seems more rep. r feeling the same.
*completes the tweet* we're transferring our souls to the devil because that is a better alternative than President Trump.
you're worse then a Tory mate and that's bad!
g tvy
Most people will hate me saying this but I think @realDonaldTrump will be a good president ... 
Thank you, Mr. President for going forward with everything you said you would do.
I'm with you Mr, President, USA is messed up cuz of the past administration and everyone act like Syrian War was good smh
how you re following Nigerian government??kindly ask them for the masses WHERE IS YOUR PRESIDENT??
is it true no penalty  not having health ins cant afford it every yr the doctor, labs w/o is 150  yr cost 75 a on10 hr sal
You suck!!!! Big timen
thank you for putting American lives first.  Finally, patriotism !
https://www.facebook.com/groups/ImpeachDonaldTrump/permalink/365583910474017/?comment_id=365695307129544&notif_t=group_comment_reply&notif_id=1485570609671499 …
irgh
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=/amp/www.theatlantic.com/amp/article/501554/&ved=0ahUKEwiDhpnUpuPRAhUIbiYKHTE1CE0QFgjPATAb&usg=AFQjCNFFexNZPDuyhnm2tcBNPoNGMOokaA&sig2=LXYGjz3vzVUqbuKbkBG-Yw …
There shouldn't be a transferring of parties.
good. We don't need 100,000+ DC insiders lording us.  Controlling medical care, taxes for abortion, shutting free markets
you keep saying that but I have yet to see it. ND Pipeline? Who did that give rights to? PPH, who did that give rights to?
We transferred from good to bad and unbalanced
Transferring to @SpeakerRyan...here, seeing the media going to him before you...that is and will be your biggest fight.
hey my firstly honorable big up
Power is a burden, to be remembered
i can tell you are really Bussy call me when you are free ejejjj hola amigo!
PARTNERS ON CURAFUEL? JEJJJEJEJJ HOPE YOU ARE SUCCESSFULL ....OMG REAL YOU WIL BE GOOD
Se ha ido d la Casa Blanca una gacela y ha entrado un patán calvo y d pies planos. Morritos Trump.
Mr President, I beseech your attention towards the Medicare, supplements, especially D drug plans.  I need to speak to you
how are mr president
#Is that all people or some people?
You go Mr President!! Your GREAT!!!!
I don't like you.
Thank You
...power to Vladimir Putin! (I finished this sentence for you). You're welcome.
You're a wonderful man man
Thank you Mr. President! #MAGA #AmericaFirst #MyPresident
how does it make you feel when a secret service agent refuses to take a bullet for you...
Go Trump... Make this Country Right Again!!
Liar
My favorite part of the speech!  I have followed you for years and always admired you! you will get it done!
aaweee you ran out of words
Mr President please don't forget Getting illegals out of America and You won who cares about the rest
You say a lot of nothing.  You wouldn't know the truth if it was gaudy and gold plated.
Trumps Dicktatorship!
Putz
President Trump, when looking at Social Security, look at insurance disability policies forcing
all to file on SS Benefits.
Nothing
very proud to have you as our President.
wow. You seem angry. Really angry. Like a child having a temper tantrum. Grow up. He's done more this week than Obama in 8 years
Yep he's done so much -take away women's rights, shit down the press, make more money for himself -god you are fucking stupid
businesses are not people. You are only putting business before people.
Mr. President, you have only began. Good Bless USA, once again. Thank You
I just love everything you say! You have your head screwed on right!!!!!
Thanks for giving the silent majority of America a voice in our own country.
@realDonaldTrump I would believe you just a little of you had surrounded yourself with people who had a clue. Epic fail Mr Trump.  Epic fail
I feel we have the best man leading our country in a very long time and making it better and will bring back our respect
No, we are reverting 300 years of progress.  #thankstrump
THANK GOD FOR THE OBAMAS WAITING FOR YOUR WIFE THEN WALKING HER UP THE STAIRS. THEY HAVE ALL THE CLASS AND YOU HAVE NONE
Same thing
You're the reason women beat their husbands
Here's 20 cents, call all your friends and give me back the change.
we didn't just tsfr power- we stepped into hell. Just listen to the other half's information, research, and knowledge
Here's 20 cents, call all your friends and give me back the change.
I called your boyfriend gay and he hit me with his purse
yo momma so fat shes got pesos in one pocket and yen in the other
I hear when you were a child your mother wanted to hire somebody to take care of you, but the mafia wanted too much.
you are not a president you are a reality tv personality
Your head's so big that it has its own postcode
Save your breath – you’ll need it to blow up your date.
Your mother is portly to the extent that it causes discomfort, and negatively affects her ability to perform daily tasks
Yep I am adopted, my parents chose me, your parents are stuck with you.
Can I borrow your face for Halloween?

You’re such a beautiful, intelligent, wonderful person. Oh I’m sorry, I thought we were having a lying competition.
Out of 100,000 sperm, you were the fastest?
America stands with you president Trump
I’d slap you but I don’t want to make your face look any better.
I think I left my condoms at your mum's house last night.
The only way you’ll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken’s ass and wait.
You're the reason women beat their husbands
i
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
Wise words. For an idiot at least.
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
Hey, you have something on your chin… no, the 3rd one down.
Now he's a child molester, too?  I'll bet even Trump doesn't know that.  Thanks for the info.
I know how you got so rich. Yo momma's so fat,when she wore high heels,she struck oil
No, those pants don’t make you look fatter – how could they?
#fucked
finally, a President I can claim to be mine! I was under oath to protect and defend the constitution for 26 years USAF!
If you’re going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty.
北海道札幌市北区の吉野ですたまには御連絡待っております!
Yep I am adopted, my parents chose me, your parents are stuck with you.
おはようございます北海道札幌市北区の吉野ですたまには御連絡待っております!
Your doctor called with your colonoscopy results. Good news – they found your head.
congratulations Mr Trump pls make Nigerian great just as u will make Americans greats
Look, you aint funny. Your life is just a joke.
what's wrong with all of you? Why can't you give President Trump a chance? He just got in, give him a chance.
Your mother's teeth are so yellow, I cant believe it's not butter
You only annoy me when you're breathing.
What's the difference between you and a brick? The brick gets laid.
I may love to shop but I’m not buying your bull.
Please, keep talking. I always yawn when I am interested.
The zoo called. They’re wondering how you got out of your cage?
transfer on, transfer everything!!
You're a failed abortion whose birth certificate is an apology from the condom factory.
I would give you a nasty look right know but I see you have already got one.
Yo mama so ugly she scared the crap out of the toilet
My mother was more of a man then you.
You are the greatest accident mother nature has ever encountered
You must be the arithmetic man; you add trouble, subtract pleasure, divide attention, and multiply ignorance.
Why don't you check up on eBay and see if they have a life for sale.
