Melania and I were thrilled to join the dedicated men and women of the @USEmbassyFrance, members of the U.S. Milita… htt...
$20 says somebody who found out they're not able to serve anymore was in that crowd. #ProtectTransTroops #transmilitaryban
Impeach Trump 2017
Well done!!!
Best porn of any First Lady ever
Every time I retweet @realDonaldTrump I always like it too..next time the retweet is no longer there so I have to retweet the tweet .Again
Mais toujours pas d'ambassadeur !
Trump, you are my girl.

Too bad you screwed the dedicated men and women at the base in QATAR. Resign. Now.
Donald I figured out how much dislike I have. No respect for you as a person to call you Mr. and even more dislike to call you president
How dose it feel to be so stupped you have to have a sitter
I see you are finally have someone to monitor your Facebook post
Europe is facing a humanitarian crisis. The people are more and more disbehaving.
It's so funny&sad my father is notin the best of health but he is so proud of U & so am i, i feel like I have a father figure in U,GOD BLESS
Beautiful speech that is so funny that's what I was just thinking you always think what I am thinking you are a man of the people& a Patriot
And they were SO glad to see you as you chip away at their benefits. Hypocritical waste of space.
how cool is that to be in france, I could only dream of ever going there for a visit, even Hawaii we cant
surprised you weren't busy golfing
President Trump, please do not give up the fight. Millions of your hard core supporters stand solidly behind you. The media lies constantly.
Keep up the good fight

MAGA
Are you forcing,blackmailing or harassing her into this role??
Get out of office you fool.
#russian_asset feels less like draft dodger when he's at the parade

Very professional and elated in France went well. Also mourning for those who passed away last year. Jr. Has nothing to do with Russia's con
Shin splints(Trump)represents any fool who tucks and runs...  You will never even be recognized as a man.  Just our great Jester..
"I've read so much about D-Day! It was the best day and I hear there's going to be a sequel."
DJT, you humiliated us in France just like you do everywhere.
Too bad your own wife does not look at you??  I guess your hand is too too small??
This @POTUS kicks ass!!
Mr President please fire ALL #obama life-time appointed IG's only then will people blow whistle on corruption and leakers
But how thrilled are they really??
I WILL SUPPORT YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP ....ALWAYS,
Coward
God Bless all the true Patriots
Goofy old man.
Maga
I have never been more proud of a President.. I feel my vote counted.. I feel my country is coming back!! Thank you Mr. President.
Mr Président we need your visit in Africa.
55555
Have a good job
@POTUS "These courageous men who helped liberate this COUNTENANT"? Or is it COVFEFE? Someone gave u the wrong word or you can't read or both
Mr president,  please don't let me down.  I catch a lot of hell for supporting you!  Let's MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN  !!
Thank you for your service
Please do us a favor and get out of th White H. your not a good dignitary to represent USA even Melania is not a good example so embarrassed
What a mess you all made this is really ridiculous instead of running our country you are involve being a traitor that is a criminal act
trump you are a chronic liar your whole family and circle are chronic liars don't act like you didn't know JR & Jared met with Russians
President Trump. It's Christmas in July.
Thank you for your service!
If you though that being POTUS means that you are allowed to be stupid, then you need to learn to think.
How can you face the US Military, knowing you dodged the draft three times because your footsie had a boo-boo? What a fraud.
That is the first what every President must begin by it congratulations to you Mr Donald.
Always concerned about what everyone thinks of stage performance. You're disgusting
I love your patriotism 
I love your patriotism
"I watched the Longest Day 6 times," Donald the idiot Trump. Make Frosted Flakes Grrrreat Again!
Ten minutes ago you hated France and couldn't say enough bad things about them. Macron is already a better president and man than you!
were you mad when you found out the D wasnt for Donald?
The only thing that thrills you is money and young girls.

Mr. Make Russia Great Again...
It's funny because even your wife has to pretend to like you. I doubt anyone in your  immediate vicinity can bring themselves to like you.
It's 2 bad u can never relate 2 the military b cuz u was a draft dodger.
W/ ALL THE VICIOUS ATTACKS, DO U, BARRON & MELANIA  KNO  MILLIONS OF US AMER CITIZENS LUV U SO VERY MUCH?? TELL THEM, OK?
You did a lot of reading? Was it 141 characters? D-day consists of more than 140 characters. Ik your tiny brain can't handle it.
Tax evader.
You read?  Who are you kidding, liar?
The Trump train will not be stoppedLove of God Country & the stupidity of the left is our fuel#MAGA #TH4UPOTUS  God Bless You 
Even those that aren't white, certificate Christians?! #justsaying
POTUS/FLOTUS Thank You for bringing class, style and grace back to American leadership.
SUPERB!
@Potus Talking to ppl helps me get it
Your base has/had valid reasons for supporting you
YOU are the irrational, delusional one. Not they
Whatever
The fake president and the fake first lady @MelaniaTrump don't give a shit about our military and their families. Pardon me while I puke!
Where's your evidence to a stupid comment like that? Foolish snowflake Pajama Boy! You are no different than the fake news CNN and MSNBC !
BACK @ HOME: 2 MORE PEOPLE R "SUICIDED" RELATED TO HILLARY CLINTON'S WRONG DOINGS? WTF? P.S. U & M LOOK FAB IN PARIS! LOCK HER UP!
RETWEET THIS
Uh, no that would be FOX - Putin/Murdoch's moneymaking propaganda machine.  At least CNN is American, but sure keep blinding yourself 4 him.
@realDonaldTrump says D-Day was a "terrific day" b/c he thinks D-Day is the day @FLOTUS got her breast implants and became a D-Cup!!
You read?

Where were you hiding during  Viet Nam?@ some tough guy you are
God Love You All
"D-Day. I've read so much about D-Day."

"There was a D and there was a Day. Really very very terrific."
fucken clear your staff, and half staff our flag

Like father like son. Liars and embarrassing
HUGE crowd! Bigger than Obama's! BWAHAHAHA!!!
Good show, thank you Mr President
Y love AMÉRICA
Thank you Mr President for all you're doing for our country! The American people support you & we pray for you!
Mr. President welcome home, but global warming is a hoax...
Much appreciated!
"I also watched a whole documentary about D-Day. He was quite a character. Very handy."
D-Day doesn't stand for Donald Day. Pretty sure you were reading all about the latter.
Thought he fired the Embassy staff and replaced them. He denounced the job fair they used to do, etc.
So kind and great of you President Trump to be with out great military and their families!! You have been great to our great veterans! MAGA!
: Why always the need to bring attention to himself? Don't get it. Is about them . Sign of the insecure.
Please don't ad-lib. You just read so much about DEE-day? Did you learn ANYTHING in school? Most people must not know about it.
Did you read the whole Ducksters article? http://www.ducksters.com/history/world_war_ii/d-day_invasion_of_normandy.php …
Is this what you were talking about? Hmm?
I don't think that they were thrilled to have you!

Over 200 Thousand Allied Forces died and you're just learning about it NOW? What were you doing while the rest of ur 8th grade studied this?
You're like a 6 year old, only dumber. @realDonaldTrump @USEmbassyFrance
I've read so much about D-Day. It's the best if all the invasion holidays. Very popular!
I'm starting to get the feeling you don't like Trump much
I'm hoping he'll block me #lifegoals
..

I am sure the French loved melanie trump more than embarrassing trump. She probably begun her escort service Nude model mail order  there.
Left the accord and acting like this? How fake can you be
Feel so bad for all those people forced to show up for Donny's photo shoot. Must be so hard to work for Traitor and Chief
25 amendment
Retweet
you could only get employees to listen to your speech....French people know you well
Get ready for prison and what ever we do to traitors of this great country lol
Im almost positive trump is paying people to act like they support him...no one i talk to in real life that voted for him is happy at all.
Didn't you say France was a mess. Your friend wouldn't go there anymore. Did you forget what U said AGAIN.
Where were you when it was America's birthday? Hiding at your golf club? Traitor and a liar.
U.S. Military and their families?  That would sure as hell exclude anyone with the last name of TRUMP!!!
People have come to see the man who wants to kill over 20 m of its own citizens by their own hand..you are a joke.your God is capitalism!
Too bad @CNN could not recognize the American national anthem

#MIGA At least someone was thrilled you were there.
You're family is so fuckin crooked, #CrookedDonald and friends
Melania never looks (even) happy.  Thrilled is off the table.
They are better than you.
Proud of our @POTUS who never missed an opportunity 2 honor veterans. #Grateful 4 d GREATEST gen. who stormed d beach of Normandy.

I love it when you fail.
did you learn something
