What you did was, you made a deal with the devil. Saudi Arabian's were the ones who attacked us on 911! Remember that?! #TrumpRussiaCrimeFam
These were your words Donald. You have such great words.
He's not under investigation!!!
Yes Donald Trump and his family are under investigation. His administration and his Russian cronies!
Jobs are only helpful if a person earns enough to pay their bills, afford health care, afford education, and are able to put food on table
That's what Trump is trying to get! All his permanent employees are happy and financially stable!
Your illusion is your thinking Clintons will do better ...
Check Hillary ...
And WARS WARS WARS...
Wars are  inevitable important is who will start first , law of the jungle !
Money taken and weapons given...been happening for decades,where does US think the weapons go? And then they blame only M.E for terrorism
Funny U Don't Talk About The Carrier Jobs That Are Still Leaving & Ford Laying Off 10K & Retail 45-55k Housing Slowing Down & Tourism Down!
Do far more than ever are traveling and more people are getting new Green Cards ..
So your #Saudi allie$ can slaughter more kids in #Yemen.
Guess you're proud.
This won't #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#AmericanDream #BoycottSaudi
seems you don't know what you're talking about Peter. Who are the terrorists ?

Thank you president Trump for your dedication
And encridebile  energy
United we stand
In God we trust
God bless you and God bless America
Set the example & bring your & Ivanka jobs to USA. BUT, a mfg job isn't major problem, it's  low wages bc of corp greed.
The American People love you Mr. President!!!  
Boş yapma
maybe you could get your shirts made in the usa???  just a thought!
you are so very right!
Bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the U.S.A. from the Middle East - which will mean JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!...
Lies Lies Lies!
which mean more dead children, dead children, dead children in Yemen, Syria & Iraq
You Got Bun Job
Patch up the spat with Mr. Sessions and let get this country moving. I'm still with my man TRUMP!!!
Hi Mr President
Jobs are important for streagthing our national economy
America the threshold of freedom and democracy
God bless you
For strippers here?
How so?  What did you do?  Nothing I'm sure but you'll claim any plus as your doing and any negative on the press or people  Sad Pathetic
Heres an idea #TraitorTrump
How abt you mention the 2 heroes who died defending Americans from the TERRORIST #portlandattack
#NaziTerrorists
I'm sure there are many vets who would love to hear you call a marine seeking recognition of the fallen 'commie' #VetsResist
Id argue as a vet but.... obvious troll   SAD
Globalism bad. Dunno why, just bad.
Communism bad. Dunno why, just bad.
I can haz coherent economic philosophy? LOLZ.
I dont think he is American. And Google translate sucks #fetch
Now if we could get the Billions back Obama gave to Iran. #terribledeal


LIES, LIES, LIES!
ENVY ENVY ENVY
Not really, he's lying.
That's because Obama's politics. No way this guy or anyone could do anything like that in 3 months.
Why does anyone think in 4 months #dolt45 did anything? He's done nothing for jobs jobs jobs, lol c'mon now
The unemployment rate is the lowest it's been in 80 months! Everywhere around here is hiring!
You can say #ThanksObama for that. B/c it takes months, years even, to get things rolling- this isn't from #dolt45 he hasn't done much
This is bullshit people he's lying
You're doing an incredible job..... for Russia
and @FLOTUS is doing a fantastic job buying $51,500.00 jackets! Whilst you cut food stamps, seems legit
its their money and can spend it however the hell they want
Ya know if WE weren't still paying for them to be in NY,I'd agree completely. But we are, so maybe she should $ less on jackets right now
#sethrich you need to address this so the media will
We should have bombed Saudi Arabia instead.
Like you did with Carrier? What a damn liar you are! #Traitor #notmypresident #resist
Why aren't you bringing your Knock off Trump Companies? #ILLEGITIMATEPRESIDENT
Giving $110bn to the underwriters of 9/11 & ISIS.  So far, you haven't created the jobs you promised.
Where are the jobs going to be? They will stay in the Middle East.

you were quoted by @USATODAY
Not need for budget cuts now w billions coming! 
Making weapons to sell? So your family can profit?
If only we could get muslims TROJAN HORSE muslim nobama and Killary Behind Bars now
I'll believe it when I see it! #liar
Well since these "JOBS, JOBS. JOBS" result from long running negotiations by that "shadow govt," only you are SURPRISED SURPRISED SURPRISED!
thk
2 Jobs per state....                                              EYE ROLL

My report: US-Saudi arms deal “has poured gasoline on the raging fire” of Mideast sectarian conflict: @FawazGerges http://www.csmonitor.com/World/Middle-East/2017/0522/With-huge-arms-deal-US-pivots-back-to-Saudis.-How-does-it-affect-the-region?cmpid=gigya-tw …
You need to be in a mental institution
Yep but they already bitchin about Saudis
Great job Mr trump 
Good Job Mr. @POTUS but don't cut them Wahabbi Saudi scum any slack at all. Hate to see em get our weapons.
Jobs jobs jobs
Dude, you just sold billions of dollars worth of arms to the largest producer of terrorist in the world. Do you see any possible problems?
Only in the fantasy world that you live in.
No one believes your bulkshit @POTUS @maddow @billmaher
Prove it!  Where is the evidence this created one job!
Starting not to believe you . 
Show us the jobs . Where are the jobs not in okla . Everyone forgets about okla.
Hundreds of Billions   Another TRUMP Lie!!
Jobs creating weapons to attack USA
Selling weapons to the LEADING sponsors of terrorism, nice work idiot
Do delusional!
#TrumpCurtsy was clincher in selling arms to 9/11 sponsors. #FuckTrump #ResistSundays 
Really liked @frontlinepbs #PresidentBannon piece
To line your Pockets Pockets Pockets.
The JOBS JOBS JOBS are in Saudi Arabia not here #Resign
What, in your pocket?
I'm confused. We are blocking Middle Eastern Muslims, but we are expecting jobs in connection with their countries?
You sold our roads and bridges to the Saudis and one of your cronies. You sold us out. You are lining your own pockets.
All that money fits in your pocket?
#leviev #blooddiamonds #88queenswaygroup #sampa #china #russia #israel #northkorea #trump #ivanka #kushner #chagitleviev #putin #ergodon

No, no it doesn't. At the very best it means a few new jobs or part-time employees working full time.
jobs...yes, but in what country?
You are the only one who believes that. You are disgrace and a bad joke of a president
Billions of dollars in arms sales to the sponsors of the 9/11 attacks.  Already tired of your version of "winning".
BS
It means you sold a shitload of weapons to Saudi Arabia.
He just enabled more war and wants a pat on the back for making the likes of Halliburton richer. Saudis wont use those weapons to make peace
When Business merge with politics it will result in Jops,less jobs ,unemployment how much real dollars you come back with? Zeroooo
yes.. Fl  Vet
Go take a long hike. See ya.
Awesome !
No you are not. Tell your base the TRUTH. We educated non Trumpers know the truth. TELL the TRUTH! Start w/ Carrier jobs
#trumpcantclose #trumpisbadatdeals #trumpcouldntcloseadealinawhorehousewithahundreddollarbillhangingoutofhisfly
Dirty money. Selling blood of Yemeni children to KSA dictators. Shameful.
ومضربتهمش على ايدهم يا معلم ترامب . كله برضاهم اصلهم شواذ وخولات ولو فيهم دكر مكانوش بقوا كده
나에게 세상적 걸림돌인 이들은 과거 미군부대 위생병에게 소독되어 나에게 보내져 교육받았고 때를 역모하다 기회를 잡아 나를 미국인모습에서 동양인으로 바꾸고 옛과거사실을 잊게했다 죄와벌로 그동안 이들은 폐쇄적으로 살았다
show us the billions you brought back. or maybe they go to Ivankas offshore company.
#SalafistWahhabism spread by the #SaudCrimeFamily is #RadcalIslam. 
Why sell weapons to our enemy??
That's right. Thanks OBAMA!!
And for ISIS it will mean GUNS GUNS GUNS.
I am quite skeptical of that, but I am very sure it will mean MONEY, MONEY, MONEY for your piggy bank - plus $$ for your cronies
Russia Russia Russia!
JOBS,JOBS,JOBS..which means more weapons will be made for the Arabs to kill another Arabs, talking about terrorism, you're part of it
Good good Good job
Bring your businesses to the USA and we'll talk about it. "BUY AMERICAN HIRE AMERICAN ". Put your money where your mouth is, Donnie.
Gotta support that military-industrial complex! Yes! let's send weapons to the country where most of the 9/11 hijackers came from!
You are destroying our country.  Anxiety and depression at all time high.
Through arms deals that will kill thousands of people and inflame the Middle East even further. Can only benefit ISIS.
Oh really? Prove it. Show us what you got. Show facts not your blah blah blah.
Carrier jobs moving to Mexico.
Yes,  you sold the folks who brought us 9/11, and support terrorism more weapons.   Good for you. #OurClownPresident #GulibleManbaby
Jobs equal liberty
يا عمي صحتين عليك و على امريكيا بتستاهل كل خير من هالشعوب الفقيرة الي ماهي دايرة وين الله حاططها
More empty promises.
Billions of dollars deal obama put in place in 2014? You are such a parasite potus, we want to see your own policies not Obama's.
probably like the jobs you were saving at Carrier or the resurgence of coal mining
I agree with you on taking money from those mafuxkaz 
But jobs.?
Come'on soaked mango hair.!!!
History is not going to be kind to you.
But then jeopardizing thousands of jobs in the Southern U.S. while intentionally offending Germany.  I thought China was the trade culprit.
So when do I get my call to work in the white house for a meagre $30,000/yr
The ones you talked trash about and tried (and failed) to ban? #OnceALoserAlwaysALoser
BULLSHIT! BULLSHIT! BULLSHIT! 

LIES! LIES! LIES! 

The next 9/11 is on your shoulders. 

Leave now. Give us some dignity back.
You mean the jobs you LOST  by allowing the Saudis to produce our aircraft? Or do u mean the jobs lost from Merz and parts?
Gazillions!! Bajillions, even!
When are Trump products going to say made in the USA ?
Ejercito de Colombia, en la misma forma al que salga de las zonas veredales DELEN PLOMO SIN COMPASIÓN.
I'll believe it when I see it
Name one job for our great Kentucky coal miners..??Sorry buts it's all Trump BS, Go on MSNBC and explain the meaning of those jobs.
@Rose4Justice
And while you're gone, Pence and Bannon are preparing you to take a fall for them lol
Donald Trump is Putin's Puppet & the Trump family are all Traitors & should be put in prison. The American people will rise up & take action
Name one.
It's weapons you are going to make for them. So they can sell them too ISIS, you fool!!!! 
Your daughter get most of that cash
Can't wait for Jared to go down.
Hey Trump staffer., yeah you!, give trump his twitter account and password back. we miss impulsive & crazy 45 very much.
What jobs!? like the 110 billion dollars worth of jobs created for the saudi's instead of making america great again? oh yeah #Maga bullshit
That Carrier deal was bullshit too, in case anyone is keeping track.

Ty Trump for the real truth so hyped better than CNN Media said same thing over & over 24/7 but nothing there there always pissed?confused? 
Supplying arms to the Oil Dictators! SAD #RTT #RADICALTRUMPTERRORIST
Really this the good job for your country
That $ is going to a company that builds toll bridges+ roads. We don't need roads+bridges that charge tolls. Crumb of truth in a bunch of BS
You will regret, I promise you traitors will fall
@Germany ends World War One reparations after 92 years with £59m final payment
YOU'RE IGNORING WHAT'S HAPPENING IN YEMEN!!!
The Saudis have a deal within their country that they spend equally with Al Qaeda & the West. You just donated $109B to Al Qaeda
If they don't get from us they will get from Russian at least we will benefit...
Bot
ya ur selling of #usoil and keeping #SaudiArabia and #OPEC happy. Good move selling off #americas #assets opec #lovesyou
전략적 개선에 높은 고용창출이 벌어들이는 달러가 원활하게 순환되게 경제적 악순환을 막아야 할것이며 세계적 경제원리에서 이탈하지 말아야 하며 군사적 요충지 한반도를 포기하지 말아야 하며 국제정세에 맞는 외교정치를 해야한다

Jobs...for Saudi Arabia, you mean.
seriously think about it. You brokered a deal to sell weapons to the world leader in material support for terror groups????
Why didn't you take "back" with you those who took your billions of dollars? 
We don't need them here
#mypresident #potus45 #MAGA
Oh yeah? How? U never have specifics.
The Middle East wants our weapontry & technology. That is done robotically and less with men or women. This is a lie. A fallacy.
Dear President D. Trump, why cant U cut from prison ( prisoners ) they live better have better health care,  cable tv,  computer, library .
Can't wait ... We have worked so hard for 8 yrs and have nothing from it.
So you heard Carrier is laying off people & sending jobs to Mexico. So much for that campaign promise.
Very good Trump you obtain on the milk from cow (KSA) as you described it 
Donald Trump is a pathological liar.
Liar, liar, pants on fire! #ImpeachTrump
ايران
How many of those jobs will be offshored?
How has your "deal" enhanced U.S. security?
Stay strong. We appreciate you and your amazing family
Awesome job
Do you even know where the Middle East is?  Didn't seem that way from your comments on your trip.
#FakeNewsPOTUS - Middle East deal just lines friends pockets with more money - no new jobs created and no jobs brought from overseas.
#ripharambe @potys #betsyriot #mourinhoout #wengerout #harambe
How, exactly?
Does this mean the ones you use to make your clothing line and your daughter's clothing line?????
Where are you hiding all the jobs? Maybe there should be an investigation.
Not so much.   Talk about fake news....
BS!!!
I'm curious. What is your cut on the deal?  What about Tillerson, Ross, Jared and Ivanka.  Oh I forgot, Ivanka already got $ 100 Million.
