renovations? or Debugging? #Potus44 set u right up for success didn't he?
President Trump God bless you , American people first 
Except if they're Puerto Rican
Are you making everything gold in the renovations?  Preparing your golden palace?
I think what Twitter needs is a dislike button
who is paying for the renovations to the White House? We all know how ostentatious your taste is....
Omg its just the heating and ac
Omg no it's not
Pardon me all to hell I heard from the msm. Sorry I couldn't go there personally to verify the repairs
'Twas a few more things. Also- if he's such a billionaire, why doesn't he pay for it himself so WE don't have to?
I wouldn't know.
The white house renovations
Mejor pídele al gobierno mexicano que construya el muro en su frontera sur con guatemala y belice eso sería la mejor opcion
I tell you what you give me a dollar and I'll give you five hundred billion of them sounds fair to me you let me know where we can sign up

How does that 61 % disapproval rating feel? You are the worst president ever after 7 months you suck at this.
OMG, you're resigning?? Hooray!!!!!
Great trade deals for you and for your family's pockets maybe.

Fake News
Get em Bozo
#MAGA
Racist in Chief @realDonaldTrump still refuses to reject the support of White Supremacist, Neo-Nazi, Terrorists!!!

#BirdsOfAFeather
Get ready it was announced now that they are ready to strike. Get off of Twitter u got a job to do
What about the white nationalist?
Ur just gonna drop the #Charlottesville situation huh? Say there are "many sides" to it and thats all? Ur just gonna sweep it under the rug?
Liberalism is a mental illness
Boy that sure sounds great! And I want to thank you for not getting TOO specific...EVER...our little brains hate those pesky details!
MR PRESIDENT WE ARE LUCKY HAD CONGRESS REPEAL ACA MONTHS AGO WHAT IS HAPPENING IS JUST A TASTE,!
Even though you had to be pressured into "clarifying" your ignorant statements
And even though you didn't have enough guts today to give a statement denouncing white supremacy without first touting jobs
Only a few more days, I'm sure, until your next golf outing at public expense
And your approval rating is in the er.
UR LYING TRUMP U MADE NO TRADE DEALS U JUST THREW IT OUT THERE BECAUSE U KNOW SOMEONE WILL BELIEVE U & ITS NEVER HEARD OF AGAIN? GREAT PLOY
Yes. It was a great day! We all had to watch how our coward president can't handle questions from the press. Coward!
Can we trade you for someone new? #ImpeachTrump
You're losing your own rigged poll. Resign.
#LiberalsRTheRealNazis
spam pas

Fake news from fake President
Meh
3 Years, 5 Months, 5 Days, 18 Hours, 42 Minutes, and 49 Seconds
Thank god we finally have a president that puts America First! If you disagree with statements like this, you are rooting against America.
Promises are being kept on a daily basis. We haven't seen a president do the things he campaigned on since Reagan. WINNING!

Mr 45*, what's your take on all these 18 wheelers full of immigrants being found in our side of the border?

Arriba Venezuela!! 
What would a justin beiber fan page know about nazism? Sad
@realDonaldTrump What does it feel like to be hated so much?
Too dumpy for ya?? Spray painting everything gold? Sad!!!
Bullshit
He is a fucking freemason means there is no limit in this world. He don't care about USA
Lol going to put tacky gold trimming huh?
Thank you @POTUS.  #ImWithHim
Be quiet go back on vacation
Right on. Doing great. I thank GOD every day you are President until 2024. WINNING!!!!
It will be a great day in Washington, D.C. when you #ResignInDisgrace just waiting for that day! You are a joke.  34% approval rating!
AMERICA WAS ALWAYS GREAT!!!
We have a President that is putting the security and prosperity of America first. Thank you, President Trump! #MAGA 
an American citizen was mown down by white supremacists because of his reign
No they were mowed down because of the incompetence of the Charlottesville Virginia politicians not being able to protect citizens properly
Typical right winger, it's always someone else's fault
And most importantly why were cars allowed anywhere near the rally. This type of utter incompetence would never happen in New York city.
So it's the governments fault for allowing it  to happen? 
No it's the white supremacists fault
That is the dumbest statement I ever heard. It is the duty of government to protect it's citizens.
You are a Trump supporter, I can Guarantee it's not.
POLL 

Who cares more for the American worker?? 

Vote below and RETWEET!
JOBS JOBS JOBS!
AMERICA FIRST!

Hi Mr. Trump... I know you have been dealing with a bunch of crap from liberals across the country.  Now squash N korea.
Big day in Washington, D.C., even though White House &amp; Oval Office are being renovated. Great trade deals coming for...
Mr President keep talking these deals up in the news, have your talking heads in the news thumping your successes! Do focus on the negative,
Talk about how these things help the average citizen and fill the pockets of the average Joe!!
POLL 34% approval rating!!!!!!!! Bahaha!!!! Loser!!!!!
Give up and go home!
Mr. President...
Please, begin commandeering the buses that bring rioters to shuttle said rioters to nearest FEMA camps.
FINALLY! AFTER 25 YEARS OR SO? WHAT DID ALL THE PREVIOUS PREZ DO? LEWINSKYING, COKE SNORTING, PIE EATING, GAY TRYSTS WITH REGGIE LOVE?
.@realDonaldTrump This is YOUR NECK! Not a nude female photo spread. ***eyes burning

How much are you making on them? The rest of us will pay for your deals.
Spending more of our money that you should be putting back into Americans pockets
Liar

Hope they get rid of those striped walls.
Blah blah no charges on. Clinton no repeal and scared to death of antifa and as a bonus we get globalist mc masters blocking you
No comment necessary. .


believe it when we see it. You are words only, and not the good ones like you promised
More fake deals and trades??
renovate your brain......
maybe the renovations will make you feel at home, and more comfortable, i hope so.
#StandWithTrump
Focus on the best & being the best! Great job! We know you're doing a great job! Hold Congess to deep taxws & repeal Obama death care!
Heather Heyer #SayHerName
You need much MORE equality -work on that - you will find it hard for you are so greedy.
If justice is served, you will never return to the oval office!
How's that you can't even raise the minimum wage. The cost of living keeps going up but minimum wage hasn't gone up since Wagon Train
Doubtful.
#FAKEPRESIDENT
Obama back? Never, you Liberals are still lost in space.
#DrainTheSwamp #FireMcMaster #FireRosenistein
The only "Great Trade Deal" Americans need is YOU traded for a real president. Soon. Because you really and truly suck at your job. Sad!!
there is nobody believe in you

Make Trump Great Again #MTGA.  Trade deals are to stroke your ego.   You need people for their vote only and gracious to toss a breadcrumb.
Maybe it will get the smell of Obama mess out
Please give the millions of Americans with Disabilities a COLA raise. We've not had an increase since 2012! The economy for us is BLEAK!
Promised no cuts during campaign. Now you support cuts! Mils ppl only income SSA. Medicare/Medicaid only ins. No SSA Disab COLA since 2012.
What people need to realize alot of the White People fighting against racism are our relatives. I see them fighting for justice!! Finally!!
What was the need for the expense, other than removing bugs?
PRESIDENT 
DONALD J. TRUMP WILL HAVE GREAT VICTORY 
Ha ha ha... art of the deal my ass
Lemme guess ur turning everything to gold in the White House because you are more concerned about face value than actual Americans #disgrace
How do I spell HATE?

T R U M P !!!
Please stop blowing your trumpet and instead provide specifics for what you are doing. That is the way to stop the distortion.
Oh yawn. Nothing will come of it.
You have done more for The country and it's people since Dwight.  It was obvious what riots in Va were planned 4! To overwhelm & break POTUS
All Golden Oval Office - go for it Pres!
#Charlottesville #NAZITRUMP #NAZITRUMP #CHARLOTTESVILLE #NAZITRUMP #NAZITRUMP #IMPEACH #IMPEACHTRUMP #IMPEACH #CHARLOTTESVILLE #NAZITRUMP
liar...
Love the Trumpster
.@realDonaldTrump Don't get too comfortable we are not going to let you reside there much longer. #resist
Are you gonna pay the workers this time?
BLOW ME!

Don't make excuses for golfing and Bedminster visits. What was the tab for this one? How much did we funnel into your pockets this go?
Keep up the great work. We're behind yu boss!
Are you painting the interior Fuck America Chartreuse?

Can't wait to see it!

Way to go.
Let's see pics of the restoration workers 
that's a welcome development
Mueller is handling the renovation. When hes done, the Oval Office will be 152 bugs held together by duct tape and a rushed paint job.
Clean out the bugs and leakers in there.
Latina 4 Trump!!!.. exactly what I want to hear, more Jobs!!!

How far do you let this go?

How many times do you let Trump double down?

…
Make sure that they remove all the listening devices & leakers  ;-)!
This is our future 
Start now
Great job President Trump
What, gold toilets in the tax payer's dime?  Trashing the place up?
@realDonaldTrump Paint and curtains are not going to cover the mess you're creating.
I want to come visit the White House I am a fan of you
The people in North Carolina need go jail tearing down southern history what you going do mr president I vote for you was I wrong
Blowing smoke up American asses again.Get off of Twitter and do some fucking work already.Lazy: Any other job and you would have been fired.
Dementia?
Be sure they remove all the old bugs - and don't put in any NEW bugs, Trumpie!
Make America Great Again!!!
When?  You sure r alot of talk...let me know when you have it done, k?
Obama's coming back?
That's GREAT news!
hi

You think bugs are being removed we're upgrading and adding more. You alignment with the Alt right calls for a coup.Fascist
Thank you for continuing on with the agenda of the American people and staying strong in the face of constant opposition from so many!
Deals? Far as they go, I AM impressed on your record here; Obamacare, NAFTA, the Wall, Immigration bans, - did I miss any other GREAT deals?
Trump does that every time he's on camera. Your point? #
Arrest all white supremacists and all neo natzi and give all a DNA test and make it public with name, picture!
did you use US labour for the reno or did you stick to your USUAL m.o. and hire cheap foreign labour?
Please, none of that gold crap.
The Lier and cheap is buying support with lies.
Glad to see renovation being done. Possibly get rid of those Lakers making trouble.
By "great trade deals" you just mean how all we have to trade to get Russian friendship is our dignity, democracy, and allies?
You let us all know where you stand KKK the end is near!
Thank you Mr. President!!
This seems like an important use of money....
Workers or business owners?  You claim to be on the workers side, yet you seem to want to punish them. Why?
Oh gee, what an inconvenience.
You what else is coming...impeachment/ forced resignation. Either will do as long as you are gone.
You just playing golf not doing nothing for America
Fake news where is your healthcare plan
You are still under investigation for collusion, obstrt justice, money laundering...we still see what you are!
#COLLUSION #IMPEACHASAP
Mr. 45 do you ever sit back and wonder why the world hates you so much? I really think it's time to sit back and take a LoL in the mirror.

