Yawn ! You need to hire a Really Great Press to get your Really big ideas and limit the
# of I ME My and increase the limited vocabulary.
Ok, name them! #loser
Stop the witch hunt...Mueller inv. Needs to STOP.  WASTING TAX PAYER DOLLARS!  Were is Jeff Do Nothing Sessions? #MAGA
Bot
I hate (LOVE) to break it to you, but....
we had those idiots in the government making the laws for trucks that have no clue of how it operates please check into it
And am sure that most of the had never had a positive mind sets like yours mr President
The only part they agreed with was “I am Donald Trump”
Gbu Donald Trump & America~Amen
https://media0.giphy.com/media/38fblIIrHLMPe/giphy.gif …
Really? Met with every three of them?
I appreciate your help and word for this tragic event on innocent people. We can do nothing but pray now.
Mr. President Liberals continue to compare you to Hitler, today I compared their ideology to Hitlers on a Facebook post & got fb banned4 it
Where was the diplomacy, civility, logical  and reasoning in ur speech.
mr. President we need you to stop this mandate on the ELD log book deal before the 18th of December or we're going to stop
I smell bullshit
not really.
Huh?????
Mr. President I Victor scurry a bam vet with too purple heart's. Agree with your speech.
In..... Your...... Dreams..... #nooneesleagreeswithyou #fingever
The world sees America's Stock Market and Economy at ALL-TIME-HIGHS, and they know that #AmericaFirst works!
This market upward trend started under Pres Obama and is just a continuing result of that time period. You know this.
They know it but won't admit it. Or more accurately, won't bother with looking into it.
True that.
No they didn't
...but let's not state as fact something we don't know for sure.
Then provide the news article from the NYT asserting your claim
"...Trump brand signs deals with suppliers, which, in turn, contract manufacturing work to factories around the world..."
So effectively dodging accountability. I sub contract out but i ensure anything connected to my business (direct/indirect) is ethical/moral.
And we both know you don't.
Er, yes I do.
Uh huh. So, you've run background checks on the cleaning staff of the hospital in which you work. You, no 1 else.
Um, no they didn't. Another of your alternative facts - that means lies.
How many of the nations were real places? "I'm the President of Kleptostan; I'm parking your car because I love being out among the people."
Make sure you take your meds before you speak any were again , you are mentally deranged,  mentally unstable,  everyone sees this , get help
"Rocket man" really?  Loser
Maybe not the "destroy North Korea" part.
You embarrassed us again
Names please!
BS.....you trying to bullying your way into a war.....threatening to kill 25 million people is sheer lunacy!
God Bless you Sir enemies everywhere BEWARE!
Ugh
Can we get Disclosure Now? And get the health benefits and the tech for a better life for ALL? Love to you 
Rocket Man vs Twitter Man is what this power struggle has come down to
Twitter needs a puke button!
You don't know how to read an audience.  Dotard is perfect.  He has a better command of English language than you. Embarrassing
Hahahahahaha
Mr. President, your speech made me so proud to be an American.  You have brought pride back to America!
Actually the response was tepid. Check the video tape. Your the most disliked President in history. Foreign nations hate you more than Bush.
Oh I bet they do.  They laugh at you
Yeah right PUTSUS. They are all laughing at you.
No they did not most of the important leaders did not even attend. See https://www.facebook.com/groups/veteransagainstrepublicanignorance/permalink/1571132842947177/ …
#delusionalpresident
That not the way they speak in public especially wen ur insulting people 
U insulted Africans that they are slaves????? Plozzzzzzzzzzzzz
India
The President of Zimbabwe did not agree with you 

so what you say about Zimbabwe President rebuke to your speech

http://www.jamaicaobserver.com/latestnews/Mugabe_at_UN_stands_up_to_Giant_Gold_Goliath_Trump?profile=1228 …
You need,to stop all that lying old man
Fake News statement Mr President
Nambia!!!!
B.S.
NOBODY AGREED w what u said . VOID of APPLAUSE but filled with snickers & laughter from the audience 
Name names or it never happened. Too many lies. Are you feeling it yet, Donnie? The hot breath of justice? #WeThePeople are coming for you 
Even the part where you flashed double horns and screamed 'And no fat chicks!' at the end? #pettysential #PINO
(or none)
After ALL the Leaders since WWII Now you come along and you have the answer that's best for U.S.
You're delusional and Steven Miller Racist
They laughed at you.
I was moved by your speech!!
yeah that's a big fat lie, they didn't even applaud after you spoke that should be a giant clue to you, if U don't get it I can sell you one
You gave a great speech, Mr. President. It's about time we have a leader instead of a puppet in the White House. I'm very proud of you!
Now that is Fake new orange man. Everyone was appalled by what came out of your mouth. Lack of leadership.
how was the Minister for Nambia? such a beautiful country neighbouring my own homeland Whazzafudgeyatalkingaboutfool 
The country agreed with you too. Bishop Bert Swan is fiercely delusional
"The most atrocious speech ever given by an American President" —Colonel Lawrence Wilkerson (Republican) on Trumps U.N. speech.
because is truth
Noticing signs that things r turning your way. We appreciate your persistence and tenacity. Thank you Mr President. MAGA 
Name one!
Name One.
Another great delusion - you need your head examined. Like all moronic leaders you just listen to your yes men
No one agrees with you
Nobody likes you, go back to Russia
name names. WHO.
Viva Nambia.
You are so delusional
C'mon, you don't even agree with the crap you said yourself (I hope).
There faces looked bored out of their minds.
I call bullshit on that one
Small Hands Donnie. You truly are a legend in your own mind! If you really believe that then you need to seek professional help immediately.
You must've been reading your 'fake news @ Fox because all credible reports were to the contrary, Angela Merkel, Theresa May etc etc!
This is how a real president behaves. You aren't fit to shine his shoes.
#ApologizeForTheUntruth
Really????
Dotard!!!
Bullshit!
Where is Nambia?
What are you smoking Donald
More lies!
But like many things with the 45th president (and, to be fair, Twitter in general), his claim is missing a healthy dollop of nuance.
You're delusional.
IN YOUR DREAMS
It's adorable, how deluded you are. The majority of them think you're a buffoon and the few who agree with you are mentally imbalanced.
You made a speech?
Steve Miller wrote the speech which is why Kelly was hiding his face
Your chief of staff saw you as a despicable human if we can call u that.


Your speech was fantastic! Intelligent, factual, tough, truthful, thought-provoking, heartwarming, and encouraging. Bravo!

Alternatively, they mostly agree that you're a pathological liar, infantile and dangerously narcissistic


really now...what a warped perception you seem to have!

Surely you jest!
I have not heard one of them make any public announcement stating they agree with you
Sounded like a 6 grader speech. Learn a few new words will you. Try reading a book. Ashame
I was so proud of you for that speech. Thank you
Oh Donny dear, you really need to understand that polite conversation doesn't equal agreement. #tonedeaf45
You embarrassed the USA
Oh the bots really liked this one. LetMs see if any of the world leader's chime in to agree with you. Anybody out there? Oh, right... okay
Yeah it was a dictators dream that speech, in sure putin will pat you on the behind.
Hope that lunatic loses big time
Remember that time during your speech when Kelly had his face in his hands cuz you said something stupid? That was the best
Who r u trying to fool? Time will tell wen none of d other nation leaders ll show support n ur stance...
They didn't understand your speech you Dolt!
You are an embarrassment no one liked your speech.
Fat Man (trump)and Little Boy (Kim jung in
Really
Great job, President Trump.  You could go down as the greatest presidential I our history. And it’s because you are accepting God guidance.
As do Americans, these foreign nations know how to fact check your lies.  You embarrass the US.
That's the greatest speech by any President
Trum
You msde a fool of yourself. But, what else is new?
ROTFLMAO!
Delusional
Proof?
Putin--your puppet master--was pleased...you said what he wanted you to say.
@GOP @TheDemocrats @Im_TheAntiTrump #TheResistance @WhiteHouse
You're delusional
really tell us what Putin had to say or is that a top secret. Did you guys talk about adoptions?
What ever
Donald Trump sounded like Saddam Hussein at the United Nations. People still snickering behind his back. What a joke.
Another lie!
U are one that needs to be on Thorazine.  Seek help. U are missing every intersection blind. Get help. Let Military strike PR with supplies
There were actual gasps from the audience!! Wake up!!

Name one.
Crotch-et Man

Trump,GOP is making a fool of you,they are trying to pass ACA that goes against your supporters and poor people.
Wow you create World Peace you'll be like Jesus in fact you'll be better than Jesus
Listened to President Obama speak at the UN today and he's so much smarter than you. Did you really go to Wharton? Hard to believe.
I am sure none are interested in genocide as you have proposed as the solution for North Korea.
Get over yourself! they did not. Play back the tape. Look their faces.
Great speech!
Fake news!
THE SAD PART OF ALL OF THIS, IS YOU BELIEVE YOUR OWN BS... VERY SAD. #DUMPTHECHUMP.
Again, given your propensity to lie, I'll believe it's the opposite of what you say, which means; most DO NOT AGREE with your speech.
You must be living in a alternative universe or you're lying to us again. I think the latter. The liar-in-chief is back again.
