We don't want you here. leave.
Our prayers were with you President Trump & our First Lady.  I'm told she is more beautiful & glamorous in person. We love you all!
Well, hope my President Donald I should see you over there Cincinnati
Wow, what a treat that was!!
We love you Mr President. God speed
ur great leader confident and dynamic leader who has lot of self belief and I know u will go places God bless u mrtrump
GOD BLESS YOU MR PRESIDENT AND THE GOOD CITIZENS OF OHIO
Will be traveling to the Great State of Ohio tonight. Big crowd expected. See you there!...
dawn very dawn after mosco al godes
GO TO VA!
Jake Paul must be impatient for you! :))
Please help to save Oakland MD, a HUB Zone
 Needs to get the train running again from  Union Station.
If you are six months into the job and have failed on nearly everything you've attempted, maybe postpone the re-elect, try governing some?
6 months as opposed to 8 years of that "great guy" we had before him? More than ok with that.
But did you die?
Nah but the bitching about Trump after 6 months is getting annoying AF.
Ohio is cool, but I KNOW U LOVE OHIO BC U HV A HIGH BASE THERE. GOT TO LOUISIANA, MISSISSIPPI NEW MEXICO.
"big" means about a dozen along with all the "paid supporters" you bus in, right?
How much are you paying people to show up?
You should tell them how you won the election!  I love that story 
Okay
Don't  bother you won't be elected second term
"Big crowd expected" hahahahaha! You mean the 36%? 
In Jesus Name Amen
Fake believers everywhere 
@GOP you have got to stop him. He is terrible person & unfit to serve. I know you're scared of him but we the people are stronger together.
As an Ohioan I don't want you here
As if I needed another reason to not go to Ohio

@tdolce5 YUGE crowds expected
The witch hunt will continue by the failing NYT showing Ohio state football game crowds for comparison - very unfair!
You are seeing some more boys scouts in Ohio?
Or are you going there to see what federal prisons they have in Ohio?
I can't go. Sorry.
Busing in paid crowd again? Another campaign stop instead of leading #NOTALEADER
do u ufo details?
I have a dream Lots of empty seats and you get booed and heckled by smart people til you have to walk off the stage with your lies
1.1.. You are a vengeful little man Donnie! It is actually connected to your childhood..
1.2.. May be your dad didn't show enough care, love or support.. Hell your own wife didn't show you enough.. That's why you have 3..
1.3 I feel actually sorry for you.. You tried to to care for your family...but you did it your own way.. So it was mixed with hatred and..
1.4.. look at your kids... National embarrassment.. You will say anything and everything just to get to the caption
1.5.. I think the leaker is actually you! You love the attention. This presidency to you just for attention. So people think that you matter
Keep funneling campaign money into personal funds. It's starting to catch up with you.
While we're taking about it, we're is @VP Mike Pence PAC money going 
Personal lawyers to defend each of you as the hammer drops?
Defect funds for when you flee the country in shame?
Pay back for suspicious foreign loans?
#lockhimup
What time are you arriving Donald..?
More stories about your orgies on the friends yacht you sick and disturbing "human"?
I live in Ohio. We don't want you here. We don't like sexual predators or traitors or rich people that take healthcare from the poor.
That is all you want, praise and worship. You are not god, you are not a mob boss, and this is not a dictatorship. Cowardly lion.
You're constantly worried about size when you should instead focus on performance.
The election is over!
Yeah. See you there.

THANK YOU, Mr. President. SafeTravels and God Bless.  Totally appreciate everything you have done and continue to do!!
wouldn't it be great if people just stopped coming to see this fool.
Jude 1:2
#Mercy, #peace, and #love be multiplied to you.

I'm  sure there will be billions attending m'lord
So HAPPY you left WV but Ohio isn't far enough away!
What's this obsession with "big" things?
Spending hard earned tax $$ to stroke you mentally broken ego is not to be celebrated but discouraged.people turning against U left&right
You and your goddam crowds.
Sessions is a great American!
Selling your lies & distracting from impeachment, while wasting our tax dollars. #LiarInChief
Scott Baio is hitchhiking now just to see your "Hillary sucks lock her up I won" routine.
Trump is the one who needs to take a hike. We need him impeached.
Continue to bring your message directly to the American people. Bypass the dishonest media with rallies, social media, and speeches!
Liberals HATE the idea that you do not pander to the media elitists. WE LOVE IT! Keep tweeting sir! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Your social media platforms collectively reach more people than all 3 major cable news COMBINED. You do not need them to push your agenda!
Are you counting the bots too?
Hide from the media. Better yet blame Obama or distract with something about HRC, right?

Go to Mexico. Visit your staff.
Wool pants. Too hot. But seriously, he wouldn't bc he's too ignorant to learn Spanish.
He speaks only one language. And proud of it.
Why is speaking only one language something to be proud of?
Nationalism
Are you still taking credit for crowd sizes? The veterans were coming regardless,as were the Boy Scouts. Has nothing to do with you.
Youngstown didn't vote for you, they voted HRC.
The election is over! Go to your desk and get your egomaniac self to work! I believe ALL you want is a never ending campaign.
Record setting crowd!

Huge crowd actual footage
As his insecurities increase, he needs more... more.... more adulation. His illness needs more frequent hits.
Just like your inauguration crowd? 
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DBlsMISWsAAZgl0.jpg …
No.  You are a destructive parasite on the face of America.  Not a leader.  Not a President. Just an angry old man. Resign now.
Make sure Fox is there to count how many are supporters and how many are protestors. Wonder if they'll report the truth.
Come to East Tennessee soon. Please
Because it is size that matters, right. It should be about content first.
Lolllllll no one likes you
Apparently big is 7 here.
@jonallendc 日本の反社会的勢力は、貿易不均衡にも加担してます。さっさと、北朝鮮や、日本の反社会的勢力を壊滅しなければ後悔先に立たずです！カオスジャパンは、ニューヨーク証券取引所かナスダックに、上場させますので協力宜しくです！
Hope you enjoy your visit

TRUMP2020
No, thank you though.
The water you will drink I have pissed in and taken a shit in. So welcome to Ohio 
Why are you still campaigning?the first potus in my lifetime who is out on the campaign trail not even a year into his first term.
Expected is a weak word.
Those big crowds you speak of..it's all in your head!
what if there wasnt a big crowd expected,  would it matter to you ?
You are the only president who has needed to continue campaign speeches. Your ego shrivels like a raisin without the boost of supporters.
I tried goin but the truck was actin up. It's got possums in the engine. Guess who is havin some possum stew for dinner! You can come too!
Why don't you try at least pretending to do your job?
OMG, gigantic crowd of 6,000!!!
#libertarian lol ... and I guess #talkingheads don't get to say what gets investigated &/or prosecuted either, huh??
watching right now!
You got your ego boost last night. You were about to mention how becoming rich can get you an orgy. Not sure why. What's up for tonight?
Just a big ego...you only care about Trump!
You mean a big group of idiots are there to say welcome.
Big crowd...25 people as usual?!
Dude chrissy was right no one likes you 
Don't forget your diarrhea medicine! You get gassy
You must be wetting your pants with excitement- nothing turns you on more than the thought of a big crowd does it?
Trump’s conduits for capital from the former Soviet bloc are actually old pals http://bit.ly/2uV9ww1   via @samthielman
Please don't.  Ohio is such a nice state.
Will never be as great as Obama. You are a failure
Big crowd @ the tittie bar where @FLOTUS will give the locals a performance so they won't feel too screwed when U take away their Healthcare
Yes, go see them. They just don't know enough that you are a manipulator of the truth. Very sad and troubling these people are easy.
I wouldn't come out of my house to see you if you were at the front door!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2J4fdc1b57I …
Scaramucci on Leaks: ‘I’m Going to Fire Everybody’  Thank you...It's about time...Please begin with Trump!!!:)))
Hope the plane crashes on the way back. In a field of course. I don't want any humans hurt.
Duh. Everyone knows Ohio sucks.

British thieves apologuise for stealing America's POTUS for themselves! Figuratively speaking!(As how would we get him past Khan)MABA!
Im coming stateside to Support Mr Trump, beginning of next year! Cant wait, but 'Khan't' can! MAGA  and MABA 
Big crowd of mentally challenged people just like you. Congrats.
They will  u in jail 
You still doing rallies? Why?
Please stay away from Michigan.
Real Donald Trump Please Mr Presedent stop tweeting negative , personal and back your  Attorney General. Please please please
ok i'll be the one throwing green tomatoes..rather be tossing grenades but don't have any.
Huge!!
You're visiting Jake Paul's homeland, beware of Jake Paulers
Stop talking about crowd size

Congratulations!
Just watched the rally on tv.  U were awesome!!
Yes sir awesome
i  can't believe it is not on TV. no one covers your rallies anymore!! #FakeNews
خدا لعنتت کنه ترامپ،چرا نمیمیری ما ایرانیهارو راحت کنی
Another night rally? Started handing out arm bands yet with a distorted T on them?
Yes, so that you can relieve the nightmare of you winning the campaign, you are the worse winner that I have ever encountered. Get over it!

For what?
House Passes New Russia Sanctions That Would Curb Trump's Power
Is that all you care about is having a bigger crowd than Obama had
Big crowd? Did you pay to bus them in for this event? 
Your trolls are getting more likes on their tweets than you are, LOL
That's  the protestors, have fun with that.
Wow... can't get over that crowd size.  #lowestapprovalever
Quit venting publically on the most loyal cabinet men you have.  AG is loved by many, if you want someone else, don't drag him thru the mud.

Now don't forget to mention just how BIGLY you won even though you did not get popular vote.
Some people want to go just to laugh at you. Oh, and see how sleazy you really are in person.
Are you still talking about crowd sizes? Could you be more transparently dickless?
Your crowds will always be small. Like your hands.
No one wants to see you.  No one likes you
I have family in Ohio and they're not checking for you!
Thank You Mr President for coming to Youngstown,Ohio you are always welcome here. Keep up the Great Job you are doing for our Country
Big crowd....wow I bet 10 people is that considered big to you.
#MAGA MAKE AMERICA GAY AGAIN Nuremberg Rally time again?
2,000 people. Big crowd. Not.
please stop campaigning.
Is it really great though?  It's a rust bucket.  Like you.
Why the hell are you campaigning? Need your ego stroked? SAD little OLD man!!!
Why are you still doing rallies? How pathetic are you dude? Get to work fixing healthcare.
I can't even watch him on mute- the weird faces & jerking around. Too much bronzer. Why do people fall for this clown? #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
"Big crowd" is also what you said about the inauguration but... well, we all know how that turned out.
Ouch. Also, libtard was super clever. I haven't heard that yet. I'll save you the trouble and call myself a snowflake 
Everyday is a Rally and all crowds are massive. Still campaigning and getting love from clueless supporters. hahahahaha. It's creepy.
Thanks for the warning!  Was going to visit Ohio tonight!  Will find another route!
Please leave, Ohio Hates you! #ImpeachTrumpNow
I would love to hear that no one showed up!
Say hello to Kyrie for us.
No thanks.
10 white supremacists? cool
I'll be traveling to Ohio! Paid crowd- I lied! Can't wait to lie more!
Please do not dump Session. He is loyal, made a mistake, but you have as well. Democratic's will sink you if you do. They are laughing  JMO
Will be traveling to the Great State of Ohio tonight. Big crowd of brainwashed followers expected. See you there! Every 1 of you - I count 5
How often do you catch yourself singing "if I only had a brain"?
