BULLSHIT
You're doing a great job! #StockMarket Dow Jones correction and Democrats rejoice. Lowest black unemployment in American history and Democrats pout! #MAGA #Economy
Absolutely Mr. President and no problem take a rest
Donald Trump will never be in peach Name me one person who can-do the job that he has to do OI know nobody
Working in Bedminster, N.J., as long planned construction is being done at the White House. This is not a vacation - mee...
You are the hardest working POTUS ever!
Good.  Stay there.  #LameDuck
I know it's not. I know you work wherever you are.
You were accused of playing Golf .. Not possible with Barry and Mike Jamming up every course from here to Mecca.
We don't mind if you go to NJ but thanks for letting us know
yes, HE PLAYS GOLF MORE THAN ANY OTHER PRES (August 5, 2017; 18:36 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
this is what he says every time he PLAYS GOLF (August 5, 2017; 18:36 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
"NOT a vacation?" YEAH RIGHT (August 5, 2017; 18:36 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
And don't forget those tweets!
You are a lie trump
Then why is zip getting dine,?
Right. I'm not on Netflix mom, I swear. I'm doing homework. Go away.
my dad gets calls when he's on vacation too
Working should be replaced with golfing.
I worked on icbm's in the early 70's they are so I know how important a strong defence is, keep all the terriost at Bay, domestic and other
do you ever stop lying
You need  martial law for fix fast  and clean the swamp.
Did Melania have any input on White House renovations? Did you?
Worst. President. Ever.
The king of the normale world. Mr. President. God bless you for ever. Amen!
O Wow
And lots of golfing.  You F-in liar
Need meetings to address colleges denying students due process & expelling them w/o cause. @POTUS @finkd @HigherEdNotDebt @DebtCrisisOrg
Please go on vacation. Extended vacation- resign! #biglysadforamerica

Trump is crazy and if you believe he's just doing business and not vacation ur crazy
The #POTUS doth protest too much, methinks...
Kinda comes with the JOB...remember?
Quit putting out fake news Donny
Disgusting person this Donald Trump. Lies & lies. Embraces hatred. On the verge of Nuclear War, why? Snotty lil Brat he is. EvilThug he is.
"Racism is Evil and you have embraced it, thus that makes you an Evil Thug". Look back at your rallies and your calls for beating people up.
U called out Obama for all his vacations u have taken more in 6mo than he did in 4 yrs PRES OBAMA WAS A GREAT PRESIDENT  stop bashing him
ahahah you are so insecure you have to justify your trips now. i love it!
while you're in New Jersey Mr Trump Butler and  Bloomingdale are sanctuary towns with a lot of MS 13 plenty to deport there
Meat bag
healthcare idea...no insurance required for routine/preventive care.  Hsa or subsidies there, "voila!" Universal healthcare
More LIES....
You did go golfing right?
Everybody believes you. Not.
How many times have you been on the golf course?
Fake vacation!
McMaster getting rid of you loyal people President Trump! P,ease be very careful!
You bitched about Obama Golfing! You have done NOTHING constructive! #INCOMPETENT!!
Liar
Please don't start a nuclear war with #NorthKorea  just to prove you are working at your golf club.
you'd better be sure you didn't leave any evidence behind...cleaning out all of the rooms? It's Mueller Time! 
Stop lying. You don't  know what work is.  Probably  on the golf course on the backs of the hard working  tax payers.
LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES   @FLOTUS @IvankaTrump @jaredkushner @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr Rein in this monster.
When are you going to make a statement about the white supremacist violence occurring in VIRGINIA !! Oh wait, they are your supporters......
Ima still laughing.
You might want to take a few moments off the golf course and say something about what's happening in Charlottesville. #biggestloser
Funny!!!
Please just have a heart attack already.
Horseshit
Bull CRAP
Take a vacation! You deserve it a hell of a lot more than those loser lazy critics who envy your stamina, hard work and dedication to USA!
Thumb up other fingers in a fist. Call it the Trump Bump!! My husband thought of it
Donald when you enjoy What You do then every day is a vacation now you have your sea legs September Starts the Time to Clean the Swamp
Hope they are able to get all of the real bugs out.....
Btw,I have no problem w/you playing a round of golf several times a week...that's your exercise. In your back yard for G's sake. Who cares
Bahahahahaha!
And golf - lots and lots of golf
The president is never really on vacation anyway. He is trying todo everything we the people voted him in for.
On vacatipn,while fleasing the American people..sleeze!!!
It's an historical landmark you arse
You're going to ruin the Whitehouse
Don't forget, and golf and more golf. In your short 6 months you have golfed more then Obama in his eight years.
Please take a vacation. 8 years would be good.
Meeting with Colonel Sanders?

Get rid of those nasty "Obozo bugs"!
Whilst you're there doing fuk all, watch the movie Amistad, then you'll know the meaning of racism!
With whom???
If I spent 17 days away from my office saying I'll be holding meetings and calls, I'd be sacked!! You're a huge joke to the entire world!
Oh, you don't need practice on the driving range there? You want to play 18 holes and annoy people holding their weddings there. CRASHER!
Camp David is closer if you had to vacate the WH. Or, the trump hotel in DC. This "not a vacation" vacation doesn't pass the smell test.
Where can I file a lawsuit against Twitter so tweets are in order so not to suppress speech. It is all hate speech on top
Funny how it magically appeared now but I still see many others that are not

Only the delusional believe the Lord of the Lies
Perhaps Lard..er Laird of the Lies
Mt. T., You are doing fantastic job. Great Press Conf. August 10th. U are tough as JFK was with Cuba. Snoweflakes did not study history.MAGA
You're playing golf and threatening to use nuclear weapons. Please resign.
Get the bugs out and make sure nobody puts in new listening devices in there!!!! Keep going and fire Obama holdovers!!!!
Of course not! You're always on vacation!
@realDonaldTrump Just verifying your tee times this week. Let us know if you need another cart for the fake news reporters.
Straighten their corrupt asses out sir
Wow Donny Baby ,you meet AND Call yourself. Must be really one sided though? At least you may know what you mean ? AS if !!
I sure hope you're having the White House swept for bugs. I warned you back in January.
If it's not a vacation why are you golfing?
working?  You have no idea what a HARD days work is, POS!
"The only reason there isn’t a comprehensive book of Trump’s false and idiotic statements is that trees are a finite resource." USA TODAY
We know you are still focused on our country. While in NJ
Oh poor thing. Working so hard at destroying any gains we've made....yeah, and maybe the world. SAD!
Bedminster Flabby. #BedminsterFlabby
"This is not a vacation"...right.
I like that you keep trying to reassure us....
LOSER
Isn't the White House fairly spacious? Different floors, different wings with plenty of bedrooms and bathrooms to spare?
meetings and calls in newyork also???? dont beleive it
try being president not starting a third world War physically over your rhetoric diverson from investigation
You can skip the fire and fury meetings from now on, k?
yeah right!! 
Watch out for those long putts - ehh sorry, I meant meetings.
NOT!
RESIGN.  RESIGN.  NOW.  PLEASE.  WE HATE YOU.
Meetings with Putin - Russia. Or just the meetings on the tarmac with your Russian friend in the plane
Difficult to believe you, sir
Thats all u do anyway...attend meetings and make calls...accomplishing nothing!
Lmao, another big lie.

You called our nation's home 'a dump.'  You should be ashamed of yourself!
We have all lived in our homes while its being remodel.  Do not spend taxpayer money by staying outside of the White House.
You called our nation's home 'a dump.'  You should be ashamed of yourself!
Working on your swing?
you were quoted in an article by @CNN
And war mongering!
True! Looks like you're taking 18 little meetings every day!
He bogeyed the last 2 to shoot 27
Of course it isn't.  You've been on vacation since you took office.
Better sweep the place for bugs, electronic and crawling.
stop with the pretense and deception...we know you are golfing...and we don't really care, you are not dedicated to USA...
Hahaha! This is fake news if the day.
Yeah yeah yeah.  If that is what you want to tell yourself. #bum
Working on your golf game
there are many eyes at the Tower. Leaks will be abundant as New York can't stand you or Melania.
You have been on vacation since the end of Jan.since you have accomplished NOTHING. What a loser president u turned out to be. No surprise.
I wonder how the accommodations are in HELL 
How many people do you think believe you?  No one believes anything you say.  Your a fake president if there ever was one.
Hahahaha like anyone believes that. Liar in chief
BS
We know you are golfing, fess up.
President does not have vacation, even a small president of the company like me
Riding around with your golf partner and a cell phone in your golf cart doesn't count.
I hope you took a world map with you. #WhereisGuam
Working??! The Don style
Like we don't know UR just playing golf and tweeting? U had the AUDACITY to dis Obama about vacs & golf & U already have him beat twice X 2
なやけかり「りらんらるひ
Traitorous trump = laziest us president in our history.
Pathetic!
I've been working on my golf swing too. Any tips Mr. President?
I'm glad that is the case. I couldn't understand why you would be taking a vacation at this time.
Then why are you golfing? golfing? golfing?
with the Russians
haha not a vacation Donny boy that may be the biggest whopper you've told yet.
In this world at this time our President, Trump, was elected by God to be the President of the United States for such a time as this.
And golf.  Only WAY more than Obama!  LOL
BULLSHIT!
don't kid us, you're golfing LOL
Why didn't you go to Camp David?  Too much of a slum for you?
17 days vacation. Seriously? #weak
Don't let that unstable left get to you. We don't listen to them anyway.  #MAGA
If it's not a vacation why are @SecretService $13.500 on rental cars on your course plus your seen golfing from someone's Instagram page
#FakeNews
