
Here's a thought: If you're a US citizen, don't go to North Korea. There's a good chance you won't make it out.
I come from a huge military family. I have 3 relatives at Arlington. We are more American than than any Trump or any draft dodging coward
Trump didn't have anything to do with it. It was Dennis Rodman.
Okay, that was really mean, but damn it, it was funny.
Thank you President TRUMP 
For nothing. Oh but good job supporting the Saudis. They have no issues with human rights. Amen.
Maybe you should do a little reading. Saudi is a far cry from Islam in the eyes of the majority of Muslims.
In a coma
Look at all of the new Troll Bots!!!
Thank for his good service
Does Trump have Alzheimer?
You are deliriously clueless
I love when you have @RichardGrenell on... he is one of my favorites!!! Praying for Otto and his family 
Thanks!
I wouldn't call it a win for diplomacy though since it sounds like he is near death.
We don't know that Katie. The N.Koreans aren't really on top medical advances.
He's in a fricken coma!
So people NEVER come out of coma's?
I didn't say that, but he has been in a coma for a year!
Well I hope he doesn't stay in a coma. Anything is possible with good medical advances, positive surroundings & prayers 
Prayer going out to #OttoWarmbier & his family. 
Oh please. The poor kid is in a coma. Korea didn't want hi@vdying on their soil.
Trump had almost nothing to do with this. The Swedes are in talks with the Koreans. It was the Koreans who contacted us.
Carlson can try to make this a political issue, but we do not have any form of diplomatic relations with North Korea.
It's gross that fox anchors keep taking innocent young men and trying to make them political causes.
He made a wrong turn at Alburqurque
https://www.etsy.com/listing/493028011/anti-donald-trump-pin-not-my-president …
Fake news!
Sen Schumer Under Investigation by Turkish Government! Interesting !
Adding my prayers (and my rage) to the millions of others from Americans of every stripe....
This was/is with inter-branch/prison/medical/online police w evidences rackets, and with covers hurting others much originally/stayed.
Trump , Tillerson on had nothing to do with this!
Deuteronomy 28:12-13
The #Lord will open to you His good treasure, the #heavens, to [1/6]
give the #rain to your #land in its #season, and to bless all the #work of your #hand. [2/6]
You shall lend to many #nations, but you shall not borrow. And the #Lord will make you [3/6]
the #head and not the #tail; you shall be above only, and not be beneath, if you heed [4/6]
the #commandments of the #Lord your #God, which I #command you today, and are careful [5/6]
to observe them. [6/6]
Dude, after numerous affairs, defrauding Trump University students and refusing to rent to Blacks and Latinos.... leave God out of this mess
POTUS and Tillerson amazing!! A new day! Second hostage released in 5 months without cover of night bags of cash!!
Tell his family about how great it is
At least he's home. You ok he rots in prison. BO did nothing!
Kathy ignore the Hater, haters r always just going to hate
Such an intelligent response. Once again, until you make one unselfish effort to help, your response is empty words. Donate to the family.
How do you know they didn't? You see this is the problem, when people cant just be happy that an American has been returned to his family.
I asked, no one answered. Of course it is wonderful he is home, even though he may never recover. however, they kept the other 3. NK games.
This should be the biggest story of the week,incredible tragedy ignored by the Dem's Thank goodness for the @POTUS & Sec of State Tillerson
Lol trump nor tillerson had anything to do with his release! Wake up!
I was joking when I said libtards would credit Rodman for the release OttoWarmbier underestimated lib dumbness.
keep name calling and drinking the kool aid. Name calling is pretty dumb, no offense
#ClintonBodyCount 
#SethRich 
#SethRichMurder 
#SethRichCoverUp 

http://SethRich.info 

 CORRUPT #Democrats want this to go away!!!
This is such.gobbility gook and I don't even care what you say anymore.
Sent a card to Warmbier family and got hand written note back - wow! How sweet...
This is one of many Americans Obama has left to rot in foreign countries...that's despicable.
Such a tragedy. Thank you @POTUS @StateDept for bringing Otto home. Praying for him and his family.
To bad u didn't change places
Dennis Rodman brought him home. Fake news
North Korea should not exist.
Ya should sign off w/ these hash tags if you're interested in accuracy...
#Fucker #ToxicNews. Does the $ REALLY make what you do worth it?
A straight up snake? Sounds like you're bothered by people with common sense!
Crayola just announced no more ORANGE crayons in their boxes!  Trump filed patent on the color
ORANGE! !!
Happy birthday Donald J Peedonski
So awesome . A get it done POTUS. So refreshing. tGfTrump! God bless
#maga
,f
RT @TuckerCarlson: .@RichardGrenell : @realDonaldTrump told Tillerson he had the full support of the U.S. Gov't to bring...
Time to liberate North Korea.
You're seriously wanting praise for not blocking an imprisoned American coming home from N. Korea? #whineylittlebitch
He wants praise for everything.  It feeds the bottomless pit  of his Narcissistic ego.
Very little sympathy for ANY US citizen dumb enough to travel to North Korea.
Violating every International Law is common there. Now What?

Trump is doing great! 
This is a deeply stupid comment and stunningly crude.
All the #FakeNewsMedia mum on #POTUS role because it might make him look good & he's not wretched treasonable 0bama who did NOTHING
What do u mean.
Who I u
What exactly did Trump or Tillerson do to affect his release? I'll wait............
OMG Amen!! He is in coma last I heard Hannity say! God Bless you President Trump positive gesures are finally happening from other countries
Hats off to Everyone that was involved in bringing him home  .. Welcome Home back to the USA   my prayers are with you to heal from this
Trump was not one of them. He is just jumping in, as usual, to take credit. Prayers to the family, middle finger to the ahole taking credit.
Yes your words is what I was thinking but . you totally nailed it .
Sickening that he would jump on soothing that ? it was from a reporter but . That just the worst of the worst .to piggy back a reporter .
Well, and tweeting about it. His idiot base jumps on that and lavishes him with praise. "God bless our President!"
My heart goes out to his parents. I don't think I could muster the fortitude to handle this unspeakable violation of my son's life.
So?
You're a real hero. #sarcasm
So Tuck Mr Patriot, why can't you talk about Trump blocking a prominent org like @votevets that represents us? Do you hate Troops too??
.
If he is not your president then leave this country . Go to North Korea a small see how they they treat you
Why would ANYONE ever go 2 N Korea? Hope they keep Rodman that will give them a pair of crazys!
He doesn't even have the full support of his family, is this a joke?
Let's back our POTUS. He'll act on this. But he's been so beaten up by loud obnoxious Libs that we MUST show him support NOW
That dis tance tsxbwall street cornervthe market
we should all be thankful. The young man is back home and safe. I wish his family the best
Nice try taking credit for Dennis Rodman's work.
Perhaps, but we have a surprise for you! Behind curtain number 1 is a special trip to North Korea for YOU! Mazels!
Dennis Rodman arranged it.
Home in a coma. Wow. Don't you think he should have done something before the boy was too far gone?
Well, that was just brilliant you guys. Not just 1/2 support eh?
omg, pander much?
Nah. It is Dennis Rodman. Get a clue. The tiny madman doesn't like our government
UN Humanitarian Council needs to Slap N Korea with sanctions for Obviously beating Prisoner to a Pulp. They hid his Condition until
Donald doesn't speak for the entire US Government. Hell, he doesn't even speak for the US.
Was the other option: Leave the vegetable there to rot? Obvious much.
Oh, well if Donnie says it, then it must be true 
Democrats and liberal's are so brainwashed they don't realize their party is dead.
Happy birthday President Trump!
Rucker your to young to thing so old
OK. Lets right back to the Investigations into Russian Collusion and Obstruction of Justice. Keep both upfront in the NEWS.
It's hard to take this all in and I want to do more now #ty
That makes zero sense. Hell why stop at gender..."I'm not a human"..."no one is going to tell me I'm human"...ufb
Gee that must have been an excruciatingly hard decision.... DUH
Deeds...not just words..
Bill Richardson was responsible for the release of Otto Warmbrier not Tillerson.
Two GOOD MEN worker MY to HELP an AMERICAN FAMILY! Hope the young man will be OK, HOW SAD!!
WE LOVE YOU TUCKER !! NEVER MISS YOUR SHOW !! IT IS SET TO RECORD SO WE DONT MISS IT  ! KEEP THE GOOD WORK!!
no i coul ask him
Great work @POTUS and team!! #OttoWarmbier
You are a shill for a traitor and can be taken seriously.
Great job on your administration to secure his release you succeed where Obama failed
There are 3more  in N. Korea. What about them? potus had no clue. pack his clubs so he can waste a few million more at his weekend hang out?
Can we leave politics out for a second? Can we as a nation be happy that a man is home and not being tortured in a N. Korean prison? #dreams
Youssef, most brats don't want any kind of rules, or anyone telling  you what to do. , you sir must like  chaos
Well THAT WAS TOO LITTLE TOO LATE!!!!!!! We keep hearing about Scalise, what about WARMBIER? Have U checked ON HIM? Do U care about him?
Of course he doesn't. He don't even care about his own cabinet
Happy birthday mr president
Thanks Dennis Rodman!
This is how it is supposed to be.
Charlynne you must be a CNN observer. He didn't refuse to rent to blacks and Latinos. Amazes me how liberals twist stuff.
Now bring Kathryn Cory home from Iraq missing since October 26, 2009
If the previous POTUS had done his job, Otto Might have been spared brain damage/loss/injury!  Yay President Trump!
روح ت...........طي
Carlson, u r doing good. you make important interviews. like it. saw the interview to the father of NKorea boy. moving. Good job.
You're weird 
Hey Youssef tell me one person in the media that doesn't act like a snake time from time and what type of NEWS show you run and how
I'm glad that his family has him back but it was no victory for you. #STUPIDPRESIDENT
How much did Trump pay you today @TuckerCarlson ?
You # yourself?
Can people just be happy and move on!!!!
Thank you, Mr @POTUS for bringing that young man home. A tragedy.

Oh, honey, fire Mueller,eat Sessions, not only will it make you seem guilty, it'll be tacky.

An smeared VAwhistleblower sees a 180degree change in who's really supporting Freedom of Speech @Refee00
 

Obama Attorney General Loretta Lynch recently called for Blood and Death on the Streets! #Alexandria #TRUMP 
Bring him home dead...you negotiate arms deals, but being our people home in caskets..some commander in chief. Do your job!
Tucker is trying to out brown nose Hannity. No surprise there.
Eleanor, shut up!
Tucker is just an entertainer like trump, he is fake news!
You're a tool. Why do you hate America? Stop shilling for our wannabe Dear Leader. Get on the right side of history.
@TuckerCarlson Tucker points out the illogic of the Left.
If Obama did his job perhaps Otto would still be alive today.  Trump did what Obama didn't want to do.  I blame Obama for Otto's ordeal.
What the hell does that even mean? He supports bringing home Americans?
KimJung and Hilary both hiding the same secrets under their THICK pantsuits..colostomy bags @TuckerCarlson @realDonaldTrump @RichardGrenell
.   PLEASE RESIGN IMMEDIATELY
Wtf would he say? Hack. Sad.
It sounds like the POTUS negotiated with the terrorists. But, I guess it's okay when Trump does it, but not Obama or Bush #OttoWarmbier
True but I wouldn't consider sending millions of dollars to the terrorist very smart negotiating.
Why is this a thing?  Of course he'd have support of the US govt.  why even say this.
You need better sources.
THANK GOD FOR DENNIS RODMAN!!!
After this if any American is dumb or daring enough to travel to North Korea, they should have to reimburse the money spent to get them out.
@outnumbered #outnumbered. Jessica Tarlov doesn't recognize that the tirade started with the Trump Haters...the Republicans only responded.
His parents raised him to hate America and love communism. Should a left him there
The ONLY DECENT thing tRump has accomplished
Why don't somebody put George Soros behind bars this guy causes mayhem everywhere this violence is only getting worse
@POTUS needed Dennis Rodman to get him out.
Quite a contrast to the "keep quiet" approach of the former president and administration. This kid is damaged for life. Tragic
Wow. Informative. News.
When you find the whole world against you, just turn around and lead the world.
Tucker and President Trump are our family's favorite for getting the real truth.
Maybe they can get on the same page about Quatar now
What was the alternative? Fuck that guy?
I really think if Americans are that stupid to travel to places like North Korea, Iran & other countries that are obviously crazy
then why should we use resources to get them back?
Too bad the whole process started last year when Trump was still a laughing stock...well, he's STILL a laughing stock...
That is the stupidest statement I've ever heard.
