Forcing citizens to stand goes against the very values that the flag stands for. We have freedom of expression here.
This whole day all you've done is go off of Twitter. You're the president of the United States, shouldn't you be doing something useful?
He ran out of covfefe 
I laughed so hard at this

And he claims 19,000 stood for the anthem. Video showed MAYBE 20-30 people.
Same as the inauguration attendance numbers.

Again, this is NOT about the flag, this is NOT about disrespecting veterans, this has ALWAYS been about social injustice!  #taketheknee
Forget trying to explain facts to the Cheeto POTUS worshiper. The MAGA crowd doesn't respect freedom.
President Trump: You are making America great again. THANK YOU!
So you agree with the kneelers that currently, America is not great.
Hockey America's sport.  Good-bye NFL!

Holy fuck would you shut up colluded with Russia so don't talk about the National Anthem
One can respect the flag and the anthem without standing for them. You're a divider, not a United. #ImpeachDotardNow
USA USA USA 
Beautiful!
I respect our flag & I Stand ! Thank you to all who respect our flag as well 
This has nothing to do with the flag.
Yes it does— vets served so their service could be used to guilt people into standing for a nationalistic tradition.
You understand that they are taking a knee to protest racial Injustice. It has nothing to do with the flag.
Lol you’re a delusional clown. Enjoy the impeachment process 
Just stop already please stop
Please leave the @NHL @NHLBlackhawks @StLouisBlues out of your divisive campaign to hijack the narrative of peaceful protest to BAD POLICE
Actually they weren't following proper protocol set forth by the US Flag Code. As @POTUS you should know the code. 
There are millions without drinking water in Puerto Rico. Whole sections of the island have had no aid.
No respect for #fakepresident however!!!
And this is what America should be about. ....
"19,000" bullied by Trump, a racist oligarch who wants to shut down Americans of color, by any means. Who's next? Women wearing pink hats?
Around the globe ice hockey only real sport. America stands with Russia. Vote Trump!
You know who promoted this kind of nationalistic fervour to bolster his power. Hitler. You are not a patriot. You are a traitor.
#KneelAgainstTrump
We hate you
Hockey players are the best!!
Omg Dotard you don’t have to stand the National Anthem respect the country and repeal and replace you.
Take your ass to Puerto Rico enough
Omg do something useful. Do u even know what the “take a knee” is all about???? I doubt it. #loser #dolt #dotard #resign
It's a constitutional RIGHT to #TakeAKnee during the national anthem. To go against that is the antithesis of being an American. Come on.
It's also a constitutional RIGHT to be a racist. Does that mean I'm allowed to be a racist? Think about that.
Racism has a direct negative effect on people's lives. #TakeAKnee hurts no one. Horrible argument. What's wrong with you!?? LOL.
Taking a knee during the anthem is disrespectful to our country and  everybody who served. It doesn't hurt us as people, but hurts America
You just regurgitate whatever you hear without using your head and having your own opinion. Stop following HATE! Be better than that.
...our country has serious issues, but to not show any patriotism at all for USA is just wrong
Again. It's not disrespectful. It's a sign of reverence. A plea for a change or a deeper, better relationship. It's always been. Do research
And I'm fine with that message! I just feel there's better ways to do it, that don't disrespect our flag.
We stand with you President Trump and We will always stand for our National Anthem. Thank you for standing strong on this. God bless USA.
Oh oh wee hev twietre gremmer polisi agein, teeching mee rite wey to speek Inglish. Soh depresing! Soh arogent!
Appears Paddy didn't take his/her meds today

Can see why there's only 9 followers with that troll!

BORING!

#MAGA
Poor troll Paddy, it don’t like my way of writing cos I don’t speak the King’s English. Go get a life, Boring YOU!
Love it!!!  USA!USA!

The NFL needs to take note.  Watching gave me goose bumps.  God bless the USA.  
News flash, no one fought or died over a song.
As if there is not more important things to concentrate on right now? Disgraceful and distracting, that is what you are. Divider in chief.
pee your pants
Yes not a whole lot of white hockey players worried about innocent black folks getting randomly killed by police.
yeah while their fans harass the few black hockey players by telling them its a white sport.
*sigh*
All great Americans: Don't turn on football today and send a message to NFL owners and players. When it hits the wallet, people listen!
And just you disgracing it.
Here are a few more patriots
Break your meds in half .. sparky ..

Really isn't peaceful when you attacking the very fibre of the country right! Not exactly a good way to be heard
Is the anthem the fiber or is it the flag itself? I always thought it's the ideals inked in the Declaration and Constitution.
Who cares!!!! I bet P.R doesn’t!
Will you just focus on more important things already???
It is important to Stand and talk/teach this generation the meaning of Our flag!!
This was never about the flag or athem! It's a PEACEFUL protest which is guaranteed. Black people are dying & POTUS is tweeting
What is wrong with you? You're still going on about anthems after you've golfed all day with breaks to attack hurricane victims? Really??!
You know who cannot physically stand? People who are dying of dehydration because you failed to provide aid after a catastrophic hurricane.
The aid is there - it has been sitting at the ports for days!!! The PR gov't can't get the truck drivers to report to work- not his fault!
... they cannot drive.. because... there was a hurricane that took out the roads and bridges...
Nice try ...Dan - you do realize that the teamsters are the truck drivers and those who would remove debris and fix roads, right?
You are fed venom and you slurp it up
Even @GeraldoRivera who doesn't miss an opportunity to get face time on TV isn't trashing Trump ....so who is spewing the venom now?
President Trump can you please do away with federal taxpayers subsidies that NFL steels from us? #DEFUNDNFL While you're at it #DEFUNDPP
THIS IS WHY I PLAYED HOCKEY
Owen said the same thing
Does that mean Owen-51 in Super Bowls ? Asking for a friend.
Why'd u have to go and ruin it
Yes sir 
#BanAssaultWeapons #GunControl #ImpeachYou #ImpeachTrump #NotMyPresident

Go hockey!
Even if you don't watch hockey. this will last for ever...
You really have locked up the brain dead couch potato "patriot" vote so maybe you can give all this phony outrage a rest. The anthem protest was and is about systemic racial injustice which is a very real problem that you are only making worse. This distraction won't stop Mueller
Before you were in office you great Turd twit.
Except te US Army football team...I guess you want to call them anti patriots now?
I heard a former NFL football player @TonySiragusa say on @JudgeJeanine that he #StandsforUsaAnthem in his livng room watchng TV! #America!
Please have an adult explain the 1st Amendment to you soon.
People who understand what the flag and anthem represent would never imagine the putrid idea of using either in any disrespectful manner
That because they were tought to disrespect everything but what they want.All those trophy yrs. You know.
This is how it should be for every Professional Sport in America !  Learn from The NHL , A class Act compared to NFL .
at what point do you address the real reasons ( police brutality, systemic racism)for the protest, Deflector and Chief?
@GenJohnKelly It's NHL season. Who needs NFL players with pants around knees & dirty underware, a** sticking out. Not sexy
Where's your respect for your fellow human beings? @realDonaldTrump
eat a fart
https://www.facebook.com/AmericasTaken/posts/1486068861483603 …
That's a dead link and fake news

That's a white supremacist website and not a reliable news source FAKE NEWS

@realDonaldTrump Hockey players are men of conviction, #NFL is populated with PUNKS.  
#BoycottNFL 
#BoycottNFLSponsors 
#MAGA
 STAND, STAND, STAND,  GOD BLESS AMERICA, GOD BLESS PRESIDENT DONALD J TRUMP        
#StandForOurFlag
#StandForOurCountry
#StandForOurNationalAnthem

  #tcot #ccot #pjnet #ukip #auspol #cdnpol
The NFL needs a dress code for players also!Players with their butt out showing their underwear is bad role model to kids!
When you realize another country respects our country more than some people in ours do... smh

Did you see the Georgia football team where the players ran onto the field with American flags???
This is IT!!!
I dont understand why people need to disrespect the USA Military&our country!Why can't the NFL have press conferences & say what they want!?
a man that never served his country (draft dodger), fools you with his lies of patriotism. Racism is not PATRIOTISM!!
Makes your heart proud.
Yes it does! I stand for the Anthem & I kneel to pray!
I love this song
The irony of you defending "patriotism" will never be lost. Especially during your Treason Trial.
@POTUS I am a conservative African-American who voted for you. Please find a way to reach out to African Americans have you not our country
Stick the flag up your orange ass
God bless the good old UNITED STATES OF AMERICA...and for what it stands 4 Thank you all how service in the Military R/T
y'all want to protect the 2nd amendment but when it comes to the first it's "disrespectful" lol. ok

This was years ago before the protest actually started 
@realDennisLynch At least some of us understand the Principle of our Anthem. Yo! NHL and all who uphold our Flags true intent/message.
If the @NFL were women players they would have the balls to tell #FakePrez to go eff himself. We need women leaders/not afraid

MY GOD WE HAVE BIGGER THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT. #LasVagasShooting #PortoRico #HOUSTON #FLORIDA
Yes and everything counts ! Not mutually exclusive! Our @POTUS  is taking care of all!
@DrEstella!!! I used to believe..I really did. I'm a die hard conservative..but I'm at a loss 4 the 1st time in my life with this @POTUS
Hockey baby a real sport!!!
I love going to a fight where a hockey game breaks out!
Lol I know right, I’m going to see my beloved broad street bullies play next week!!
I don’t hardly see any “respecting it” Sing the full song. Don’t cut the murder n slaves out. Racist
I don't think people with dementia can remember all the words to the national anthem... Try me
You are so out of touch,Kneeling players had nothing to do with the flag,or military&why wld u say anything,U were a draft dodger!
Real sport that’s why
Beautiful wow! Now #NFL that's the way you do it 

Melts my heart
Freedom isn’t free!!! 
Dear President Trump we are praying for you your administration your beautiful family for God’s continued blessing protection guidance 
Evidently tht boycott u called for against NFL didnt work,Stadiums were packed,all over the country,woo hoo&We loved it,Go NFL
Our St. Louis Blues!!!!
Legendary!
AND THE HOME OF THE BLUUUUUUUUUEESSSSS
Yea President Trump...
I get chills every time I hear a stadium full of patriots sing our anthem!!  I know how blessed I am. So proud to be an American!!! #MAGA
Well Ed, I've never seen a President that cared more deeply about this nation than President Trump. I sure am proud of him.
Hey Now tht was beautiful
Tht's AmerFootball will never be the same HOCKEY
Baseball n Basketball players pls
Stay Amer SHOW THE NFL
Kneeling for the anthem is respecting brothers and sisters affected by racism. Trump is choosing to not see that for what it is. #impeach
When you have to show videos of people standing for the Anthem shows you've failed as a so called president.  SMH
#NFL JUST couldn't come down off their high horses and they lost 1 million regular viewers. how do you like those apples? just because of their egos
STL represent
National Anthem has racist undertones. Why not make a new one. Do you tell Jews to support the Nazi flag?
Ice Hockey Teams "Show Class" For Their Veterans Who Protect Them! 
Don't talk about my sport.
STOP THE DAMN ATTACKS,AND DO THE JOB OF AN ACTUAL REAL PRESIDENT
Says Donald Trump the DRAFT Dodger. Poor rich boy had shin splints. Daddy I can't serve this country.
I STAND FOR THE ANTHEM ALWAYS. GOD BLESS AMERICA LAND THAT I LOVE  #TakeAKneeForTheFallen
It’s because white players still dominate hockey. Most black people either hate whites or sympathize with those who do. Culture > Feelz
This is awesome. How it should be. Watched it a few times! Freedom of speech is not absolute and certain things you just shouldn't do being an American.  Would love to see all these people taking a knee really do something instead of being ignorant
Hockey players have dignity and class 
@NHLBlackhawks Knew OUR CHICAGO BLACK Hawks & Wonderful fans would be  PATRIOTIC!  
You know fuck all about manly sports, least of all about pro football, except how to destroy it. Sad!

#DotardTrump
I love @ThisIsAmerica USA USA USA USA
#GodBlessTheUSA!!!
My eyes water up; every time I hear this song...

America is lit but we've got a lot of work to do. If you don't understand why people are kneeling 10/10 you're a white and 50+ years old

EXACTLY
You have pitted  your citizens against each other at every turn and inflamed international tensions. More destructive fool than villain.
So?
This week in America, we learned that Trump gets more offended by NFL players peacefully protesting against violence, than violence itself.
Go blues baby
Nobody respecting u Lump. And 15000 are paid anyway.
Unless U have a physical disability everyone should stand &respect our flag, fallen and standing soldiers! If U don’t you don’t belong here!
Who gives a flying crap.
#Take A Knee
#ImpeachTrump 
#Racist
#Chump Trump
#Bum
Respecting Puerto Rico too!
Looks like the NHL is the new American sports game. Fine w/ me!
Absolutely beautiful!!!!!

Please stop tweeting
please what's that
It's been an entire week and you are still missing the point.
Thank you Very much commander and chief,/ petty officer TURNER USN
Hockey fans and players are the best! @NHL
I love this country.  Well done Blues.
Notice the black military members? Kneeling disrespects every one of them! SAD!
How many thousands without clean drinking water in PR,and Flint Michigan?
You truly have your priorities screwed up. Go back to NY.
Beautiful and it gave me chills. That is patriotism at its finest #maga

We will always stand for our ! And our protectors of this great nation! Full speed @realDonaldTrump we've got your back! #Maga
This is so awesome!!!
Hey Chump - put this in your pipe and smoke it.
Southern Cameroonians being killed by French cameroon military men
Absolutely yes!!
Lol @NHL has more non American players than any other American sports league; so they don’t care. Only like 21% players are US born
Home of the BLUES!
Focus on doing your job instead of tweeting.  If you cannot then resign #WorstPresidentEver
Trump disrespected our constitution, our flag, & our nation when he accepted the position as President with no intention of working for us.
Too bad you don't have respect for the Constitution and ALL the citizens of this country.  #TakeAKnee #ImpeachTrump

Hockey will not kneel ! Respect for our country ! 
Before you start bitching about the anthem and flag just remember all those who died so you could have them to bitch about 
We will alway respect you Mr. President! Thank you for everything you do! And for being honest! Unlike all this idiots liberal so cal celebs
#Trump2020 #StandForAnthem 19,000 people singing along ! That didn’t move you people on this thread that are bashing are ARE Great @POTUS  ?

Shit song. Can't dance to it...
I like the Howard Stern Trump. Bring him back. He might not win an election but he would have the respect of Americans that aren't Psycho
How wonderful to watch the INTIRE stadium at the hockey sliding anthem together, very emotional speaks to our wonderful people and freedom
Respect is important, but at end of day trying to force prof athletes or ppl what to think or do doesnt do much to advance USA or MAGA
Beautiful, you are restoring patriotism & hope President Trump,appointed by God for this time. We love you.
When you get your five deferments to keep you out of Vietnam where you thinking? How is dodging service showing respect ?
Looks like people might be watching more #NHL than NFL. Great job Chicago #Blackhawks and St. Louis #BlueJays
Goosebumps!! Love our National Anthem! God Bless America! Just the way it should be.
None of them respecting you.  Who paid for the security this weekend now that you have bankrupted the budget.  Working Hard?
Stop tweeting and act like a man!
Video is a year old

T you dont know history or what rights we hold dear read a history book and the constitution
Yessssssss Ditch the NFL watch Hockey and Nascar

When I get mad at stuff Christians do, I go to church and show them whose boss. I protest by kneeling during the service. Oh, wait a minute.
BYE NFL, HELLO NHL 
