I would LOVE if he actually meant this, but *anyone* can read a teleprompter.

Remember his in-rehearsed, shoot-from-the-hip, 'honest' follow-up?
The one where he called neo-Nazis "very fine people".
Stop promoting hate then.
Be easier if these crooks were locked up
Well you should start with all the haters in the Republican party.

Yes President Trump united in United States of America
@Pcjmom Just Waiting 4yur Worthy Example of Unconditional Love & Acceptance so we follow mr prez
&Waiting &Waiting &Waiting

Eat  and die beach boy #ReleaseTheMemo
I agree. Resign, then I'd believe you.  In the meantime, STFU!!!
#ITMFA
Amen
We ALL must be united &amp; condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Le...
You people are a bunch of sheep. One guy in a MAGA hat is the Trump organization? And the KKK? CNN themselves stated there were about 50 LOL
Then condemn the Nazis. Otherwise, you stand with them.
President Donald J Trump is the best President in the history of the world PEACE THROUGH SUPERIOR FIRE POWER, EVIL Dems enacted uncon NFA
This is true. So when are you going to leave our great nation, which has always been great. Get out of our lives,fake presedent little hands
ronic coming from the guy who called for 5 black men to be executed who were innocent... And then never apologized for saying it.
Wtf?????  Was that bill?  The democrats are still the kkk
Please Lord grant America another chance to follow your example of love Devine!!
Coming from a man who called racists who kill "fine people."
Says the leader of a country who called black men protesting against racism, hate and police brutality "sons of bitches."
Hollow words from a Racist  President. Bams color and religion. with out proof of any harm to US soil by them.
then dont shit on people ehemm... like football players for excercising their rights, you want unity then don't hate on ppl just shut up!!!!
Trump just had a paranoid mental collapse.
I agree Mr President & thats wut the Football player on his knee was protesting, hate, violence & killing of black people!
Hate got you elected.
I hate you
I'll stand for my country. God bless America.
Then let's DO THAT!  PLEASE hush......
@MAGA
Maybe the violence you do upon POC can stop too
We need to HATE this and continue to go forward, though these kinds of things have gone in for most of my life. I praying for you president
Are you gonna delete your Twitter?
The only way to compromise with today's liberals is give them some of what they want now, and the rest later.

Before he was pres.: "I wanna see Obamas birth certificate!!"
What is this?
Any colour that defend their colour alone is racist
let's get real Trump! The ANTIFA,BLM,progressives,anarchist,communist,Ds will never come togetherNice words but that's it
don't sign it if it doesn't include ANTIFA, BLACK BLOC,BLM
Yes. ANTIFA is a hate group. Must be condemned just as other hate groups are.
That was so unconvincing you almost typed lol at the end of that didn't you
What just America or are we all involved?!
I don't think you are the best example of "the one" we should be coming together as. #POTUSisanidiot
very well sir
Youre SO full of http://it.You  know youre lying."United"is a word you never learned,along with many more.Youre embarrassing to all
Then be that!
Absolutely correct
You're right, we must condemn ALL that hate stands for. I CONDEMN YOU.
You obviously didn't write this.
What? Agree with your bigoted views and target the weakest members of our society. I'll pass.
Remember when he said: "No one will bring people closer together than me. No one. Believe me!"  
We then condemn you.
You gave them an inch... A slight mistake but now people are dying. A lesson is worth it's cost, returned at the moment of realization. Work
@realDonaldTrump You're a Tainted Dude.

We must come together .. divided we will fall
Mr. Vague
This statement has outraged the #libtards. Lol. Job well done Mr. President 
yes
Yes, Sir.
Who is this guy trying to kid?
It would help if you would shut down the heroin buisness and find an honest way to be #1
Is this a joke written definitely by someone who has an education.  Forget what your father taught you.
Thank you President Trump I stand 100% with you
Then why don't you stop inciting violence and dissension in your rallies? That's what you've been doing for all along. It's all your fault!
Why does this sound so, how shall I say it, contrived?
I do not care what color anyone is, if you are causing trouble you should be dealt with.
You have been blessed from heaven above with the opportunity to make a change for a better world. Hold on to the rope of Allah and be guided
Thank you Donald I agree
I wish AG Sessions would allow the police to go after ANTIFA ... lock em up, haul their asses to GITMO !!!
WE WILL TAKE MATTERS INTO OUR OWN HANDS!!!
If the government continues to stand by and police continue to stand down while people are beat with sticks and locks by these scumbags!!!
We are not going to take to mmuch more of this!!! The Antifa and black lives matter need to be named terrorists.
We stand with our @POTUS #MAGA
You encourage hate - so if you stop that...
So when are you moving to Russia?
And then he pardons Sheriff Joe
No, I am not one with a #Traitor .. try telling that to your cell mates! #TrumpCrimeFamily #PutinsPuppet #RussiaGate #Liar #Loser #Grifter
can you imagine what you would succeed if you had the cooperation of the Senate
# USA please stop op supporting illegal Muslim terrorists who killing innocent local ethnic minority in Western Myanmar.
USA State Department must stop supporting illegal migrant muslim terrorists as Rohingya refugees. They are Jihadists liars.

Wouldn't that be an a'compliment. United we stand, divided, we fall
,...& BIGOTED WHITE SUPREMACISTS  (August 12, 2017; 13:19 EDT) #JEFFSESSIONS #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
his cabinet full of RUSSIANS..., (August 12, 2017; 13:19 EDT) #REXTILLERSON #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
what he's SAYING...,NOT what he MEANS (August 12, 2017; 13:19 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
"we all must be UNITED (???) & reject all that HATE stands 4 (???)" (August 12, 2017; 13:19 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
again, "FAIL" ONLY 4...,(August 12, 2017; 13:19 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
responding 2 ATTACK in (August 12, 2017; 13:19 EDT) #CHARLOTTESVILLE #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Do you understand the meaning of ALL? That's spelled A,L,L. Look it up. It's easy on Google. Okay.
I can honestly say i am sad to see all this hate and we call ourselves Americans. Wow
Mr Le président prenez la menace Sud Koréenne au sérieux  ce missile balistique est l'objet d'une attaque contre les USA
Our country would be in a far better place if you would resign. You are a horrible (fake) leader ... Sad!
You say that today, but the next rally will be something different. Gotta keep feeding the beasts that RED MEAT.
Yep...and it starts by ejecting the lead racist from leading the free world
Fuck DickassTrump
You are the cause of all this hate.  If you want to make America great again, remove yourself from office!
Okay, you start first. Let's play musical chairs too.
You are a liar and leader of racism!! Impeach and imprison!
Why'd you pardon the terrorist?
U should have said you don't want them as ur supporters & they are not what you are about. Why do they like u & vote for u?
@DavidDigsDirt, Did you dig dirt on Obama's policies. I don't think so as those who did were labeled "racist".  @realDonaldTrump
I spoke out against many Obama policies. He wasn't a misogynist, corrupt, morally bankrupt clown. You bow to #trump and #hannity? #sick
Hate is hate.  Regardless of politics, sides or beliefs two wrongs don't make a right and you can't call out others by being just like them
I agree! Just saw a bunch of misinformed ppl with huge smiles on their faces w/signs saying Impeach Trump & He's a Racist. I asked How? Nada
They don't want that! They just want the food stamps and freeat the tax payers expense to keep coming!
We must unite to condemn the evil that is trying to take this country down!  Stop the hate !!
We must stand together to condemn the evil that is trying to bring this country down!
https://youtu.be/jANuVKeYezs 
Wish you could run for president in South africa
america will never be great again as long as @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @GOP republicans run  it
at @realDonaldTrump @POTUS dont codemn the hate and violance he supports it and promotes it and trump is deviding  america
@connieshultz is right @realDonaldTrump @POTUS has hate for/contempt 4 most all us hes suppose to be serving #TrumpSupporters
You seem to EXPECT unity just as you expect loyalty. Yet, you constantly call my party (the Dem's) your "enemies". NO, WE ARE AMERICANS!!!
@SHSanders45 manufactured bullshit statement this travesty of a president doesn't really believe
We all stand against ALL hate: blm, kkk, black panthers, nazis, antifa... ALL must be stopped, all are wrong.
I want you to condemn me daaaaddddyyy 
First you must leave the White House
Folks not impressed with these words.
#maralago....Sad.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-politics/wp/2017/08/24/florida-hospital-foundation-cancels-luncheon-at-mar-a-lago-becoming-18th-charity-to-withdraw-from-trumps-club/?utm_term=.87d45ee60b0a …
@VISITFLORIDA
Tell that to the transgender military person now whom you're demonstrating so much hate against. Most shameful POTUS ever.
WE BELIEVERS IN CHRIST ARE WITH YOU.
Thank you #PresidentTrump for staying in touch with all of us and skipping the media!
Soros funded groups all over world to cause hate groups fight with and kill innocent others like Ukraine he likes to tweak stock exchange
Please get Soros to stop funding terorists to comit murder keep him in jail with his peers he sould a pay a billion bucks in civil damages !
Mr President Trump,
i love you for all you have done for America our country under God ! 
Your fight with fake news reports is our fight to!
The Reagan Administration allowed me help. They shot him too. Nixon resignef. Clinton lied in court. And a grand jury 11 x said no trial.
Fake President !!!
Out of control
We stand with you, no matter what you do the hate is there, they lie, talk about sources they cant name, lies its made up
You are a raving maniac. ON MANY SIDES
The sad truth is, no one's going to change their mind.
Too bad. MAGA
looking forward to how you have that happen tonight.  We're watching.  If you pardon Joe tonight I'd say it's over
Amen!
The President's tweets clearly indicate where he stands on bigotry.   Democrats only want to race bait because the have no message.
Now you spend all our tax dollars on the secret service while you GOLF.   SHAME AGAIN
You alone were probably the biggest drain on the economy for 18 years, not paying taxes.   SHAME
We will not be united with the likes of you.    You are not our leader.   You do not stand for American Values
Antifa/ Alt Left = Evil
Mr President is right, the inmates are running the asylum. Demand law and order and this must start in Washington with big shots break laws.
@gcamp4 America first   We don't have secret service to protect us.  That is why we voted for you. Tonites rally is mistake
@gcamp4 let's call them terrorists & do something about them.They should be in jail not in bussesbeing paid to kill,destroy
Then way hasn't the national guard or military been called in to put a stop to the terrorism in American cities

Give Democracy back to the poor and middle class for whom it was originally intended and the unnecessary violence will dissipate.
YOU must practice what YOU Preach, let it begin with YOU
If you treated a race differently and as victims, that would be racists. You r a gd man. Don't let the left stop your fight for all of us
I love that you treat all ppl as equals and as capable intelligent indv's and have the same expectations of all races
Ignore the self righteous haters on the left PLEASE. They are fighting something that doesn't exist. You are not a racists
Do NOT allow the abusive lft to block ur fight for America and its people of ALL races. You are a good man and most intelligent ppl know it
ThankYou Sir: Ky Attorney General Office ineffective. Corruption #Violations Human Rights #complicity#HelpGOP removal AG
Thank you MrPresident, Kentuckians pray GOP Standing strong with You #Constitutional Rights Equality #RuleofLaw #Enforce
It's good to have a president that understands the problems that our nation is facing. It's too bad that all Americans can't get together
Trent, when's it gonna be? America's a mess.
