That's because as a candidate you have less chance to rip him off.  As a developer he wouldn't even do biz with you.
you sure he said that? Read his text again. Probably does not..
You are a imbaressment for the US. No integrity! The president must be trusted by all. U don't have any credibility!
U lie
YES WE CAN. CIVIL RIGHTS ARE HUMAN RIGHTS. GREAT JOB PEOPLE..THANKS ACLU
His WSJ said that you act like a drunk.
Fake President. Apologize. Apologize and resign.
- you are a sadd, knot grayt, delusional fruitloop. Take yr head out of the deep dark place you keep it & rejoin humanity!
spoken like a true egotistical maniac.
Trump has a different understanding of the word “successful” than normal, sane people do.
Normal people don’t consider a “man” who has to lie, cheat, & swindle people to get ahead, who proudly calls himself “the king of debt”, & who has gone bankrupt 4 times, to be successful.
stop worrying about who likes you and get on with the job you are supposed to do Making America Great Again. Or is it 2much
He hasn't done a damn thing NOT ONE SINGLE thing other than Tweet
Dude grow up. There's something seriously wrong with you
Narcissistic du'jour.
Rare truthful statement by #trumpLies! He  that Rupert's FOX News serves as main MSM #trumpaganda platform. Sad!!
I support @jackieevancho visit to Whitehouse. I am a Republican.. I want in too!! :)
What you tripping on today Mr presumident
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
Murdoch likes???? And the rest of us find you repugnant spouting falsehoods & believing your own lies. Yuck!!!
he actually hates you
Nurse!
But you owe billions! how does that equal success?
You're a legend. We love you in Australia!
you're a loser mate how dare you speak for the rest of us.
Actually Trump's a winner & you're the loser.  You'd prefer Karl Marx no doubt
if you're looking at the Wikipedia page for communism I will know haha
I have a degree in politics (& history), do you?
so if you're so damn educated. Tell me in your OWN WORDS why you don't like communism :) this should be good
Historically there's never been a successful Socialist or Communist society. All failed-states or reformed
You might wish to watch "Designated Survivor" & "Madamme Secretary"? Better viewing than, um .. The apprentice or G. GLOBES
- truly awful rubbish that most in this country simply did not watch! At least Arnie was more human!
.@realDonaldTrump How many times did you go bankrupt again? #TrumpLies #TrumpTreason #TrumpLeaks #russianhacking #conflictsofinterest
if he did go "bankrupt" as you claim, then rise to the status of POTUS he's the living embodiment of the American Dream.
Hillary is better
but not good enough to win a electoral race.
there were some illegal electors. Google it.
wth you talking about? She lost
U did lost, too, darling. And you'll spend the next 4 years twisted in a pretzel 2 defend his lies
but at least it's not Hillary. 
You're right, she wouldn't be a national embarrassment like the thin-skin man/baby getting DRAGGED on Twitter.
she already is. She has been for 30 years. 
'Bring them to Heel' guess she did with you.
Putin's puppet, and ALSO Murdoch's -- it gets even better...
Many people will like you better cuz of what you can do for them to make them wealthier. Birds of a feather stick together.
The same Mr. Murdoch who supported the Clinton Foundation on Climate Change... #liar
I think we should start a boycott of the leftist entertainment business
No one with brains likes you at all.
Your ego is so fragile that you must constantly prop it up. You are the most hated president elect in history.
Brag much?
Not so dishonest ..

Don, your nonsense made him money. He doesn't like you, just the money, honey.
It is not very smart 2 denigrate d agencies that protect you your family & our country Just saying U can't buy intelligence
He's a criminal you goon.
you are not a successful businessman you are a underhanded cheat, who pays to put his stinking name on buildings.
And we all know that liking you is what keeps you from melting into a puddle of poo.
Isn't he a member of the dishonest media?
because your going to save him billions. That's not something to brag about unless part of that 1%. #TrumpLeaks #resist
stop talking about yourself and get to work learning about government and the constitution and history.
and Murdoch: two assholes! Murdoch is really rich, he didn't need to steal the presidency in order to make some $$$!
This is very nearly the thing Willy Loman tweeted in "Death of a Salesman."
Wtf are you talking about and how is this a relevant Tweet to the American people?
ok
 Cool. Let's keep it moving.
Having Murdoch as a friend isn't something to brag about. You are known by the company you keep.
You're the man Donnie keep up the good work.
yeah a person who is not american
we are still 100 percent behind you Don. AMERICA is tired of the corruption and we ended it with TRUMP. God Bless you sir
I get it now.  You and Rog have pee pee parties, dontcha?

I am aware we have changed governments in Afghanistan, Iraq, Iran, Egypt, Germany, Japan, Vietnam, Ukraine, Panama, Libya..
God must have used the face warp app to make you
Naww you got a friend, maybe you and Putie could invite him for a sleepover?
: There is nothing great about Rupert, only his great accumulation of money for shallow purpose!
He likes me so he's a great guy. He said nice things about me so I say nice things about him. So PATHETIC! Like a toddler!
FOR THE GLORY OF BYZANTIUM
Rupert Murdoch is hated here in the UK.  You're in good company it seems.
you saw the front pages of his rags the day after you were elected right?
#Deardiary I have friends. Friends are nice. They like me. I like them. #irrelevant #ramblingsOfAMadMan #sad
What is wrong with you?
- what does that even mean? Murdoch is the King of fake news, a con man with a plan to make America stupid again - he won!
Rupert in your pocket? No your in his better hope he doesn't turn on you
https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=8sdqa63VE1w …
Murdoch is a globalist mason who manages Sky in Italy, it's a left news source against you. Murdoch is your enemy. We call it SkyPD24
Murdoch is a dinosaur who's media empire has not kept up with modern times.
.@realDonaldTrump So glad you're focusing on the important issue: people liking you. Get help. You're sick. #trumpgrammar
DONALD! ... KEEP IT TO YOURSELF, for Heavens sake! Get OFF TWITTER and PLEASE begin acting Presidential- it HURTS reading!
wow another business crook. Less than 2 weeks you become a Monkey in a cage watched 24-7 Putin's little #ChimpOrChump
say hi to all love all
3.17 am to make what point?
he swindled  people  out of money  like  you  did.  You guys are  a perfect  match  for one  another
Trump Just Dismissed the People in Charge of Maintaining Our Nuclear Arsenal http://gizmodo.com/trump-just-dismissed-the-people-in-charge-of-maintainin- …
Figures, he's just as deplorable as you.
How's that ego ? You truly are in over ur head ! Ego over country!
@MSNBC ahhh...yeah...sure thing @realDonaldTrump
LOSER! Define success by SEVEN bankruptcies, list below excludes 2016 Toronto Trump Tower ptnr. W/Russian, excludes contracts, people unpaid
Don't let this tweet distract people from the fact that Meryl Streep slayed you. SLAYYYYYEEEDDD YOU!
she showed how out of touch she is with most of America! Every one she mentioned should look at them selves
you do know Rupert Murdoch owns half of that dishonest media you just said is fake 1 tweet ago 
Ms. Streep should stick to acting and not stirring up trouble! She IS part of the problem, not the solution! #shutupstreep
you are not a very success candidate - lost the popular vote. You worry about who likes you? Too late.
why do u have to prove Murdoch's loyalty to you?  Don't you have better things to do
You're both deplorable jackwads.
hater
Your "sucess" is largely due to Murdoch influence! FOX and its daily orgasms over (gag) TRUMP. Sickening & wrong & SAD.

liar
/ well said !
Did you forget to take your meds again?
I like you DJT, but I like a free, honest, and disconnected media better!
Of course u'd think he was gr8.He's a serial misogynist & abuser. Just like u.U're an illegitimate prez &we won't 4get it.
obviously  you would think that of a sexual predator who disseminates lies.
?????
. @realDonaldTrump Matthew 6:1-34
Also, did you forget that you LOST BIG by popular vote?  Almost 3M votes!
very successful? #hahahahahahahaha
from Italy with love

your writing skills are more like my 4 year old nephew's . Have you changer yr diaper today?
Does he like you as much as you CLAIMED Ronald Reagan liked you? White House diaries prove that lie. Fantasies of your ego.
Your mother's teeth are so yellow, I cant believe it's not butter
your Russian partner
so successful you needed Putin's help
even though he's a criminal as is all his media. English courts proved it
I don't really think of him as a "great guy."
Your asinine simian countenance alludes that your fetid stench has annulled the anthropoid ape species diversity.
not many people like you. more people fear and hate you than like you! We both know you didn't win
Making America Hate Again.
One bit of free advice for you: Murdoch likes no-one. No-one at all.
Next week we learned more 'advanced' english. Maybe we can try words with more the 2 syllables. Only if u feel confident.
you are sickening  #ResistTrump #PutinBlackMailingTrump
Only you care about who likes you.


@SenateGOP @HouseGOP Is there no end to this childish & masturbatory behavior from a guy who is to represents our country?
In fact, Peter Marx, owner, SaksJandel, told PEOPLE"There’s never been less demand for inaugural ballgowns in my 38 years,”
how character defining that, 1: Murdoch likes you. 2: you're actually proud of that. Guess the scum float to the top now.
@Lawrence He my like you. But I'm sure he has not respect for you. After all Russia helped you win.
you still havent decide which way to turn your rear, but you are weak against them, murdoch is one of them
So I want 2b pres so the important ppl will like u. Does it matter that well over 1/2 of the ppl u will SERVE don't like u?
Yeahhhhh not so much. #murdoch #trump #luv https://twitter.com/rupertmurdoch/status/622558129742573568?lang=en …
you don't know too much Australian history. Now that I say that no British or American history either. Good luck with Rupe
Kiss my ass.
do you think all the people that voted for you are stupid?
Pathetic! Sad! Nothing will ever fill the void inside of you!
Of course you two are close, you buy your wives at the same Siberian brothel!
what an achievement to be liked by him.  He would be overrated if he did not long liv #narcissism thy name is #donaldtrump
How is it that you still don't know what the fuck a real estate developer does? Here's a hint: You've never developed.
Trump is my president!!! Thankfully!
It's sadly recognized in you, so not worth anything.
what planet are you from!! Does uour ego need petting every 3 sec even by your own hand? You are sickening!
Murdoch is a horrible man.  And just as hell bent on power and control as you are.  Match in heaven, neither for the people

Are you trying out for the cheerleading squad? WTF
in BLOTUS fantasy world you are a successful developer not so much in the real word.  stop humiliating yourself child!
Interesting. You think a guy who was involved in illegal phone tapping is a great guy. Good to know. #SillyTangerine
Maybe Rupert can entertain at your inaugural.
why is it, people that support you are GREAT people, but anyone who challenged you is some horrible liar? I'm challenge you
Is that your face? Or did your neck just throw up?
Are you so desperate to be liked and be the popular kid? Is that why you bully people, because you are so insecure?
your humility is overwhelming! Sad.
I bet.  LOL 
Don't Forget the FORGOTTEN Low life tho.
I support u but I'm watching for da bs.
Don't try n play us.
kind of doubt it!!! Face reality!
nobody likes you Donald in any capacity
mexico isnt paying for shit they only pple thats gonna pay for that wall is americans
Hmmm. DJT, I bet you never met a developer that you didn't like, or a critic that you do like. Life in a black/white world
so 2 people in the world - Putin and Murdoch - like you.  You must be so happy...
Oh, good grief, DT, who cares if he likes you better now than he did then? Grow up!
successful developer??? Bankruptcy does not make you successful. Refusing to pay contractors does not make you successful.
