Trump literally kills the American Dream
really how? by placing citizens over illegals? or by standing up to a curupt congress and senate?
Their families came here to live the American Dream. Dreamers are law abiding residents who know no other country. They ARE American.
Your citizenship is not zero sum. Their status and ability to openly work and study - contribute! - doesn't take anything away from you.
On the contrary, a legal environment for them to stay and contribute strengthens our country. DACA helps Dreamers make America great.
You, on the other hand, want to tear families apart "because the law!" I thought Republicans were pro-family values?
Or does being pro-family not apply when you are brown or speak English with an accent?
so if a black guy robs a store to pay his rent , you have no issue throwing his kids in foster care that's ok ?
When I read this tears came to my eyes!1st time I felt we had a commander in chief who cared about troops doing the dirty work of killing
When I read this I became afraid for our country. We're lead by a thin-skinned bully who can't get along with media who reports his lies.
Thinned skinned, I'd say bho was, but he wouldn't stand up to anyone! POTUS is no more thinned skin than I or most I know would be!
I appreciate, but disagree with, your response. This potus can't deal w/criticism. There's a lot of it due to lack of GOP & US support. 
You saw how bho dealt with criticism? He sent FBI, IRS and other governmental agencies after his enemies!
#FakeNews  Is that info from the infamous #FakeFoxNews??? LOL
Not going to beat a dead horse to death!Go try to convince someone else! You are about to be blocked, you believe in this system, your peril
Hooray for the block! Guess you can't handle the truth about this awful, disgraceful potus. That's ok. You'll come to the light eventually.
Trump as commander in chief, making the racist decisions!
I am pure black, me in the middle and I love that guy. I don't even live in america.
That's the reason you love this guy, you're black and you don't live in US! That statement makes zero sense! Not to bright either are you?
Thank you. So you seem not to understand, he is my leader too because  his decisions affect the world not just you.
Marcos, if you love Trump, you've fallen for his lies rather than learning the kind of man he's been ALL his life. Brainwashed = foolish.
I worry about world benefit not just Texas. Thats why i put force on who can make change not talk change.
The more you tweet, the more you show your ignorance. So far all Trump's done is talk - MOST of which has been lies.
If he has just talked why you all puffed at him then?, because he has just done nothing but talk.

Check with Bannon when Kelly has the day off!  Hel'll do you in bigly!
Bwaaaa. Breitbart news. What a joke.
So you are one of those liberal leftist communist lapdogs
clever

that's mean
' different from the last 15 years '. 
Yes, finally a true leader in the WH.
What defines a true leader? Someone who takes pleasure in dismantling democracy, & lies with hate filled rhetoric, & is corrupt to the core?

You're joking with that aren't you? You can't be for real?
#MAGA u bet!  Looking forward to Ruth Nappytime Ginsberg stepping down. America FINALLY has something to look forward to!
No wonder you tweet #FakeNews and fake videos. You rely on Breitbart as a source. You are certifiable.
Thanks for retweeting Trump propaganda. Just what the world needs. More Trump kiss asses and lies.
Like we believe breitbart.  Not even  journalists. Opinions just like Fox and Friends
Billions of $$ have gone to the corrupt government of Afghanistan & lives are lost in vain because of GREED. WE WANT PEACE! Negotiate!
wow you people need a different hobby , your messiah once said , elections have consequences, suck it up cupcakes you lost get over it
Hard decisions such as dodging the fucking draft?
@realDonaldTrump @BreitbartNews ohhhh we should worry big bad wolf not
Good people know that Breitbart is Bullshit and so are you. 
#TrumpResign
I saw President Trump speech on Monday night and I'm so grateful for this president!!!  I STAND WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP #MAGA @realDonaldTrump
Are you still grateful for the predator after his Tuesday night meltdown?
I was at the rally on Tues night here in Phx and President Trump was amazing the 20,000 people who showed up to support him loved him#MAGA
Weird how the fire Marshall said the place only holds 5000 and it was half full.  But keep on lying.
There were 20,000 people that showed up for the rally as reported by news in Phoenix. The room was packed, some turn the way!!
There was more then that. The line wrapped around 2 blocks of the people that couldn't get in.
Nope more supports then protestors. Sorry to say it is the truth I was there.
If you're one of his supporters then I honestly feel sorry for you.  Also please share what drugs you're on?
Since he serves on Trump's NSC, post Flynn, if he was saying anything to the contrary, that would be news.
I did not know you were a communist
Who knew Paul Rogers wets his bed?
Are you one of those liberal lapdog just line them
Thank you and God Bless you you stand for and with our President and we stand with you and our Men and Women who keep us safe BE SAFE
We do pray for 45 & that he's soon healed of his mental illness. All of America stands with our troops & depend on them to keep us safe.
Yes the best cabinet, in history
I read every word three times. If POTUS can pull this off...all of it, I will....I haven't decided that yet.
You are smart for waiting to see the results and the new tactics being used. Ty
Hard Decisions DOES NOT EQUAL Good Decisions
You are correct. Just go back and look at all the poor decisions Obama made.
Fitting you are playing golf in your photo while discussing the #MulliganInChief.
All decisions are hard for Trump. He is an imbecile.
Everyday Trump and Sessions are working hard to harm children.

#DefendDREAMers
@realDonaldTrump No, #Trump is making the WRONG decisions! He is an arrogant, self-absorbed, racist, megalomaniac!
One of the dreamers maybe the future discover of the cure for cancer! His bigoted decisions are based on his white supremacist mentality!
Has the nerve to say he wants dreamers to be from the United States, is that where his wife is from? Needs a history lesson abt immigrants!
He can't make a decent decision about his own staffing! More turnover in nine months than any POTUS in history!
WRONG strategy on North Korea! What POTUS tweets threats to a foreign leader? He is a sick attention seeking miscreant!
WRONG strategy on #HurricaneHarvey! How many visits did it take for him to figure out he should interact with the people? Imbecile!
This carnival barker for a POTUS wouldn't know a good decision if it slapped him! He is an unqualified moron embarrassing this nation!
All right I have read enough of your lies hateful messages you are no man of God in fact you are nothing but a Niger MLK would be ashamed
Breitbart, a bastion of integrity.  You need to concern yourself less with image and more on results.  #losertrump #resign #loserpresident
Is that anyone else's job?  No. So do it.
Sick!
Breitbart?No credibility! Trump, as CiC, is incompetent, inept, intellectually incapable of governing, let alone make hard decisions. Resign
This guy was exposed to agent orange, right?
"Donald Trump is out of his league on #NorthKorea. He needs to stop tweeting, and let qualified people handle this situation, to defuse it.”
It blows my mind that LOVE is the greatest thing in the Universe, God IS LOVE & is a weapon of peace if you do the will of God in Politics!
Thank you for your honesty and more importantly your service.  We are free because of brave people like you.
Blowing up the world is not Making America Great
The best he can do is a statement on Brietbart?
Seriously!!??
Here you are passing off the hard decision.
You are the worst ever.
This is the job of Congress. Trump is doing the right thing. Obama was being a petty little dictator.
Congress wouldn't do it because they were the cowards.
GOP didn't want to lose white votes nor Hispanic.
It was a needed policy.
Make any excuse you want. Obama was in the wrong. Just because you agreed with him doesn't make it right.
He was in the "wrong"?
Then how come it's been policy since 2012?
Slavery was policy once. Was it wrong?
Of course.
But how does making sure innocent children have legal protections compare in any way?
That's ludicrous.
Policy can be wrong is the point.
Trump dodged the Vietnam War like a coward. What were his hard decisions during Vietnam? Whether to wear a condom or not?
Breitbart? Hahahaha
Great article and so true. President Trump is a great leader. #MAGA #AmericaFirst #DrainTheSwamp #BuildTheWall

UnRetire General, AMERICA nds Tough Old School Men w/ a Little-Temper when ndd 2 Blast these Traitorous-Idiots Out of Way 4 MAGA
RT @DanScavino: 'Trump as Commander in Chief, Making the Hard Decisions' by LTG (Ret) Kellogg, a highly decorated Vietna...
Yep. "Where should I play golf this weekend? Hurricane Irma? OK, Bedminster it is."
This would have meaning if @realDonaldTrump had actually made some hard decisions. Tweeting childlike bully threats are not hard decisions.
U good boy. Yes you are. Yes you are.
Really? 
OMG, NARCI statements thru DSJr & White Nationalist RAG "Breitbart" who backed U w/rest of Racist LOYAL Organizations & Base Core #DUMPTRUMP
become powerful-enough to defend themselves against future extremists?

If you believe that voter ID should be required to vote sign the petition. Make sure to verify by e-mail. Please REETWEET to spread the word https://twitter.com/texas_bourne/status/900009829128863744 …
"Hard decisions"? Tweet about Rosie O'Donnell or Mitch McConnell (hey that rhymed!)
Trump is a danger to American families. 

#1776
#DefendDREAMers
#MAGA @realDonaldTrump
The last thing this country needs is a Fox/ Breitbart Commander in Chief  
Yes re "hard decisions". Like answering the question, Should I autograph this shelter wall to help boost my ratings?"  Absolutely Pathetic.
OMG...Kellogg is just another loser! And it's on Breitbart. Why not just call him Steve Bannon!
President Bannon is still calling the shots from his office at Breitbart?
Hahahaha you think Obama was a leader. Hahahaha
I mean, do we REALLY NEED to "extinguish the entire Taliban in Afghanistan", rather than just weaken them 'enough' and help the Afghanis
BreitBART is #altright NAZI white supremacist's spews Bannon even bragged about that @GOP @houseGOP @senateGOP this IS your fault. #impeach
He should have been named NSC Director not mcmasters...is TRUMP having second thoughts. He can hire or fire at will.
I got drunk in a bar in Saigon, and they made me go all the way back to Da Nang in a truck!!
 Just quit now before you are publicly shamed. Your day in court will come and it won't be a settlement this time.
Yeah... I'm sure *wasting billions more in Afghanistan* for a "perfect" solution- newsflash: it doesn't exist- was "so tough" for Trump
Hard Decisions? He has moved that responsibility to the military bc despite being commander in chief, won't own up to mistakes.
Ha...now that's fake news!
He doesn't make any hard decisions, he passes them on!
The decisions he does make are cruel and hateful!

President of U.S. has diplomatic immunity both domestic and abroad so there is no distraction while he's a sitting President. Impeachment!
You couldn't be more wrong.
I suggest reading on the subject.
Really?...You go research! I know!!
I have researched extensively and with constitutional legal minds.
L.O.L.
Translation: Trump, as Traitor in Chief, Embarrasses Nation with His Thoughtless Decisions, Sanity Questioned By All
Should have refined it to "except those without a brain or moral compass."
Great article!
Humans who break laws by entering a country or countries without permission or passport or legal pappers are illegal.  Get it?
True! So is NOT paying taxes...murder, stealing and assault. Everything's illegal except working with no benefits at horrific pay for the 1%
I would love to stay focused in all of my exchanges...who?? Right. 
The president is retweeting breitbart. God help us.
They  (and Fox) are the only ones who don't point out his incompetence.
You might not, but there is enough proof around to show he was. But then évidence and facts are not a strong point in the Trump reality show
It's not Afghanistan that is helping the US. It's the rest of your half-cocked decisions that are not MAGA! You distract, divide and attack.
Attention #johnkelly ~ Someone is sneaking #Breitbart porn to your charge and you know that only makes matters worse!
"...I have witnessed the final moments of young men in distant lands, far from all they love and hold dear." And yet Trump chose silk sheets
Oh just stop already with your narcissism your so pathetic!
@BreitbartNews is about as credible as Russian or Chinese state run media. #FakeNews
You love generals! Do they let you play with their medals? You know, since you're a "bone spur" having coward?
No he's not. He doesn't know what to do.

Yeah it's hard to decide whether to tweet or not, and if women with cocks should be in the military!  Ooooooh! #MoochArmy
Trump is using the same playbook to hurt kids that Putin used to torture and ransom Russian orphans. @KremlinRussia_E @GOP 

#1776
#Liberty
Stick your head back under the rock you crawled out from - you're way out of touch.
#MAGA
South Korea is not impressed with the Tweeter & Chief  
Tweet from Trump elicits confusion and offense
I, however, am a professional underwear stain.
Lol. You draft dodging coward. You can't even find a fox news article to post. Breitbart. HAHAHA
Breitbart-Faux News. Best is a pic of Rebels in El Salvador, & Breitbart labels the article about  DACA
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP @CIA @FBI 
Seriously? #BreitFartNews? Your old pal#President-Bannon still calling the shots comrade? #PENBITCH2017
Excellent article.  Thank you, President Trump, for being willing to make the hard decisions, as only a great Commander In Chief can do.
Mexico will pay for the impeachment.

Flashback: Docs uncovered by JW show DHS abandoned illegal alien background checks to deal w/ #DACA applications.
http://jwatch.us/KB5PuM 
Yes, the hard decisions: achieve nothing domestically, or cause a nuclear war internationally. Tough choices for an addled cretin.
Thousands of oppressed Muslims flee #Myanmar as violence continues
#Rohingya #Myanmar  @jeremycorbyn @SenSanders
To be clear, anyone who says anything resembling 
'You are a good CIC' is lying, being paid, or legally insane.
Oh yeah Breitbart. The fakest, racist news of them all. Not surprised that's who you would RT. Smh our country is doomed
Just cut to the chase and retweet Infowars.
Hahaha breibert! Hilarious!!!

did you two meet up at the dementia club?
https://twitter.com/MarkDice/status/904212125085646848 …
Ah, Breitbart, the "New South" conspiracy theorists who want to bring down US federalism.
@realDonaldTrump breitbart is fake news #illegitimate #liar #putinpuppet
Breitbart has less credibility than Bernie Madoff.
Correction. Trump as Nazi in Chief.
@realDonaldTrump This came from Breitbart!  Do you really expect me to believe anything that comes from this source?!
He's one of the most inhuman people on the planet. Someone with such little intelligence & emotional stability shouldn't be president.
More US political BS rhetoric! U.S. has had Troops in Afghanistan for nearly 20 years,AFGHANISTAN STILL #1 HEROIN PRODUCER IN THE WORLD!!!
HAHAHA! hilarious.
Breitbart blows! #TrumpNews
OTHER THAN RHETORIC, THERE IS NOTHING KELLOGG REFERENCES THAT TRUMP WILL DO ANY DIFFERENT FROM WHAT WE'D DONE PREVIOUSLY. POLITICAL BULLSHIT
Making the hard decisions-like what color suit should minion Jeffy Beaubeau wear when he makes the #DACA announcement I'm afraid to make.

Revolting lies #impeach #resist #itmfa #racists #liars #grabspussy #tinyhands

More like hardly making progress. Not a thing accomplished. #ImpeachTrump
Cheers

Like Big Mac or whopper?... literally what decision has he made other than "I'll take my phone with me every time I shit"
#Breitbart. That says it all. #TrumpFAIL
#FakeNEWS
@realDonaldTrump @BreitbartNews Breitbart & Trump. Nazis & Trump. Racists & Trump. Bigots, simpletons & the POTUS. Fucking hell!
We are truly blessed to have such a wonderful and insightful President, Donald Trump.  God bless you Sir!
FAKE NEWS! LIARS!
#FakeNews
Yes he is n i trust his intentions n decisions
What , Trump doesn't make the decisions, horrible people with to much money are making the decisions. #TrumpsNuts
Hard decisions? Which pussy to grab or which 14yo girl to molest? 
#ImpeachTrumpNow
President Trump most decent, big hearted president in the last decade. He has given more to charity in 8 months than Obama gave in 8 yrs.
Suuuurrrre... LOL!
The White House is retweeting a Breitbart piece. We're living in goddamned bizarro world.
Breitbart. Make believe.
Trump is a piece of pig guano. Get rid of him.
So you retweet Breitbart. Truly a man for all people #not
He can't even fire someone in person. Which of his family will be going to war? Even the royal family has.
Trump will do anything to harm American kids.

#DefendDACA
Trump makes stupid look easy
Breitbart.   Isn't that rich ?!
The president RTing Breitbart. Our far we've fallen. Founding fathers rolling in their graves.
Thanks for the Breitbart article, I don't read the trash, but it makes me happy you can find REAL news that supports your little ideas
@realDonaldTrump you are literally retweeting an article from a far right racist website. You're fudging PRESIDENT. Holy moses......
yawn.. that is not what it says... do you read
.@realDonaldTrump Mueller is making decisions too. Footsteps are getting louder...
Hahahahaha!
We'll be prepared for world war three. Like my comment If you think world war three is gonna happen
Commander in  Chief, as a coward, faked his way out going to Vietnam.  Need help with those bone spurs on your little feet?
Hard decisions my ass, this is all about #racism and fear. Not to metion #EVIL !  Im a believer that many whites are the #devilspeople, true
LT GEN KELLOGG NOT much better than kellogg's FROSTED FLAKES (August 23, 2017; 23:15 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Trump makes no decisions. He's a self absorbed puppet. His vanity and ego are the authors of his demise. 1/2
You were fantastic in Vietnam, General Kellogg. Leaders like you made our victory a reality there.
Height of arrogance. Recycles a piece abt himself written FOR Breitbart "News", his mouthpiece. Or did Scavino post it? Another mouthpiece.

Trump couldn't make a sane decision to save his life.
Yep right donald..... just one problem for you. Your desperation is showing.
Lmao!
Breitbart= #Fakenews for a #FakePOTUS
The tapes are about to be released... Money Laundering Traitors will face RICO and life in prison with NO MONEY for TRUMP and SPAWN
Back to doing your own press work, huh Donnie John?  A retweet will not make you any more competent that you already are(n't). Sad display.
Your boss has broken every management rule and formula in the book.  Management is a science and he has made one bad decision after another.

Trump is attacking kids. 

#DefendDREAMers
#TrumpSucks
Yes he is making hard decisions. Obama never made any except how to spend our money. He was not a good decision maker.
Oh Breitbart... nevermind
@realDonaldTrump
Bannons got the fake news propaganda machine workings overtime,  and the "president" spreads the lies.  #shameonyou
You can butter it up all you want, Kentucky Fried Trump. Once a coward always a coward!

#TrumpResign
Trump is making very BAD decisions.
#NorthKorea #Trump is lightning before ur #THUNDER!  #USA don't do #Terror! #SouthKorea will be an ISLAND! Bring it!
that's what a real president does. 
The problems we face now are due to LAWLESS presidents, not President Trump.
How about that EPA decision in Mar.? That sure is helping the citizens of TX right now! Keep chemicals secret &pollute the air & water.#MAGA
Like which club to use on the golf course? Or which color had to where to peddle? Or which news channel to label fake while he lies?
@realDonaldTrump: Breitbart likes me. Let's retweet them. Anyone else? No? Sad.
