Wrong,attendance was to capacity!!
Let's destroy the Constitution and everything freedom is about!! Get em Don!! Let's show Germany what a Nazi state really should be
Says the dude polling at 39%.
Do you realize that locking arms was still in protest of you and your bashing.  LOL SMDH  #takeaknee
Then you just get rid of the tweets and go to sleep
holy fuck you are insane.
You force people to kneel for you all the time so how is that ok?
I need ur help
Taking a knee is good enough for the military to respect their dead and good enough to respect the flag. Respect your Oath of Office!
I believe as the president you could be encouraging U.S citizens to use the rights we are given. The freedoms we have been given.
And the citizens are using their right to not support these spoiled brat NFL players.
I liked what the owner of the Chiefs said all NFL owners should listen to him.
Its about HATE. PERIOD.
What do you know about solidarity? You disrupt everyone you megalomaniac!
I agree Gregory and he's not afraid to call it like it is!!!
How about you not interfere in the operation of, or concern yourself with how private companies run their business!!
Interesting you can criticize since you are the example of bigotry,hate, and unamerican behavior discussed
I agree with you Mr.President it's so disrespectful to those who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom the NFL needs to stop this now
Because, of course, ratings is all that matters.
@realDonaldTrump Mr. President I boycotted the NFL all season in support of our Veterans our Flag our Country!!! Amen Proud American's
Ouch! I liked the locking arms in solidarity against you and the hate & division that you stand for. But if you support it, I no longer can.
Oh pleaseee, the Left have for time in memorial been the dividers and racists.  Dems. are screaming racist like the Boy Who Called Wolf.
What are they freaking Rockettes now. Not good enough
What a fat tortilla
Dictatorship is not wanted in the US. No one is burning, shitting, or destroying ur flag like some have. It's is our freedom
to kneel, turn our backs, and not speak a word when ur national anthem is being done.
Yes, but hand over heart is even better.
Like you're a Better example
Football is dead to me .

BS.  Actions have consequences.  Disrespect flag & country, we will disrespect you!  Find another country you prefer.  You won’t be missed.
Hahaha yea okay Y'all disrespect the flag when you wear it as clothes y'all disrespect the flag when we have homeless vets
I take a knee 4 LIFE-LIBERTY-JUSTICE police brutality must stop. Better training, better pay, better vetting&ACCOUNTABILITY
Less acting like thugs, when they are stopped by cops.  They bring on their own tense situations.  We see it all the time on cop videos.
to hell with the anthem..when are you going to lock her up? You said lock her up...when???
They are working on her case.
taking a long time about it...she is a criminal
Nfl Got more ratings then you, you got more enemy's
Stop tweeting like a schoolyard bully.  Grow up and pay attention to hurricane victims in PR.
Amen. And MERRY CHRISTMAS TO YOU AND YOURS. My husband, a marine veteran and I support you 100%.
It is about respect for your country and for the men and women that died so these athletes can get paid millions of dollars to play 
Apparently according to trump it's about the ratings.

This is who's behind locking arms, shows defiance not respect

Ratings? Who cares about ratings? If kneeling is acceptable for our God than it is more than acceptable for our flag. Nothing is above God !
Ratings generate advertising which brings in money to the NFL team. How is it people don't understand this?
Yes bad very bad Ratings.
You are the fourth stooge only not as smart.
Grow up
You know I love it when people sing the words to the national anthem. How does it go again? Could you tell me the words?
Your thinking of Old Lang syne!!!
kNEELING IS ACCEPTABLE WHEN YOU ARE PRAYING FOR YOUR COUNTRY.
Telling the truth to the American people and leading with ethics shows respect for out Country. Lying and collaborating with foreign powers is not acceptable. Lousy President!
I thought you loved it when people are on their knees, yes?  Oh wait, that's just for the women, right? So they can suck your tiny little niblet?
YOU NEED MENTAL HEALTH TREATMENT.
The most likely will enjoy another season without them also.
Tell him.cr.u can't u can't give away whot u don't have
How do you even breathe? There is no way you have enough brain power to operate your lungs.
Kneeling is perfectly acceptable unless you have really bad knees. Is that your real problem? Or one of your many problems?
We stand and salute our USA flag, in silence or while pledging allegiance or singing The National Anthem.  Period.
@realDonaldTrump  @POTUS  https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/donald-trump/trump-s-approval-rating-drops-lowest-level-yet-new-nbc-n815321 …

Spiraling!  SAD! RATINGS!
ALL the name calling you doing with your colleague. is more disrespectful. then them standing for the flag!WOW!!!!!
Your agenda and your leadership are both unacceptable. Why don't you pick up a trowel and get to work?Have you developed hand Spurs now?
You know whose ratings are really bad? YOURS! The WORST ratings of any president EVER! The GOP agenda that screws your base will ruin you.
You don't get to decide what is or isn't acceptable moron, but be a example of strength, empathy, integrity, & bravery you cowardly grifter.
Only will watch the Cowboys thank you Jerry Jones. Where are the gutless wonders? Get up and leave to show your disrespect
how bout nfl start paying taxes. fat cats pay no taxes & get tax $$$'s to build stadiums. time to pay
kys
@jmsanford41 have lost all respect for NFL. Have found other things to do. They will never repair the damage to themselves or the country
I can live without football...easy.
This is why they kneel.  And you know it. #RESIGN
And I dare one of your supporters to say something to me
no, stndg with locked arms not good.  still won't watch


Hero vs coward



Players said locked arms is a protest against our country.  They are trying to pacify you & us.  Not me!
Ratings? Smh! You're not in TV anymore. Stop it!
True
People kneel to the cross and to pray in respect to Jesus.  I see nothing wrong with it as long as one does it with respect.  Just saying.
Don’t mix up God with out flag, just because you want excuse for their actions.  You should know God would be appalled with your suggestion.
don't care about your opinions.

Banana, Flarsheim Hall, I'm sure
We are given the freedom to protest are we not? This is a silent protest. I personally know veterans that support this.
You should know about bad ratings. Best POTUS in that area.
Your presidency is bad ratings for America
no, standing with locked arms is not good, Mr. President.
How is kneeling bad?  And when did locking arms in unity become disrespectful?  And what happened to our constitutional rights Mr. Dictator?

Watch this if you think #TakeAKnee protests are 'disrespecting the flag' 
So now you're the "kneel police?" Why don't you do something important like get legislation passed... Oh, wait. Yeah, I get it.

Trump Doesn't Care About Puerto Rico. Does he speak the Language ??
No, ..the closest is "You're Fired".
As a military and law enforcement vet me, my wife and family will no longer support or watch the NFL.
Time to focus Don! Your presidency needs a real legislative victory & and to save lives of our youth
Blowing Up #TakeAKnee - https://savinggraceatguantanamobay.com/2017/09/27/blowing-up-takeaknee/ … .@NFL #Stand4Anthem #BoycottNFL 

Yea cuz that's official... Lol
American: Go volunteer locally. You may find its not epic that we all stand together, or sit to rest to have reverence for our anthem: GIVE

The protest os not against the flag
#TakeAKnee  #StayWoke
President Trump could say he's giving everyone a million dollars and people would still be on here asking why he isn't giving 2 million. Wtf
Perhaps Trump doesn't realize that interlocking arms is also a symbol of unity against white supremacy. #TakeAKnee
The pledge says,"indivisible w/liberty & justice 4 ALL" Stand only w/ hand over heart or a military salute! Or misunderstanding comes.
Standing with locked arms is NOT GOOD! It is a protest move used against police all the time!  Head up, hand on heart only!
Great solitary against the Fake-Patriot-President #trump #takeaknee #VetsAgainstTrump #veteranstakeaknee #VetsTakeAKnee  #NFL #NBA #Resign
Hypocrisy: decry PC then dictate acceptable body position to be patriotic. #RightwingPC #TakeTheKnee
Still winning
@Lucieiswild Not putting hand over heart during #anthem IS acceptable?
Sir, please contact me, you have the ability via this text to find me.... nothing pressing or urgent... easy call Sir, 2 minute thank you
Speaking of ‘bad ratings’ umm. Yeah.
Bad ratings? Hmmm like Apprentice?!
Locked arms against our nation is not good and their BS lie that they are suppressed while having multimillion dollars BS.
Your own bad ratings!
Let's be honest donnie... this whole kneeling thing has been fantastic for ratings.
We will need confirmation that you yourself are actually standing when you're watching the game from home or whatever golf course youre at.
Is it acceptable if a player was kneeling on a stool and was actually higher than if he would have just been standing? Better for ratings?
Where is it written that a person is not allowed to kneel for the anthem?
Haven't the NFL been kneeling before you even became president ? #no-threat #KNEEL4NFL
Send them to war, see if they appreciate nobody standing for them then.
#LIES! #LIES! #LIES! #LIES! #LIES! #LIES! #LIES! #LIES! #LIES! #LIES! #LIES! #LIES! #LIES! #LIES! #LIES! #LIES! #LIES! #LIES!
Let them kneel, they want separation. Its embrassing to stand after selling out. Let the rating do whatever
Does he even reply to his retweet’s
There's many things we don't like, but when you have the most important job in this great Country, you should just worry about running it.
NO PRESIDENT TRUMP.  LOCKED ARMS IS ANOTHER FORM OF PROTEST. A SUTTLE WAY. BOYCOTT THE NFL
Hey orange man with the little penis........ You are so sick.... Such a sick  little man!
Packers n bears should boycott Thursdays game. Instead go on patrol with police in Chicago.so they get the love feeling police go through.
You don't get to decide what is acceptable for me.  I am YOUR boss.  You work for ME. And you are stealing from work!
Agreed my dad fought on the front lines for that flag
Save your people! Get Puerto Rico aid and Do your job! Get rid of the jones act!!!!
Fag
Mr. President please I can't take it no more stop winning
I agree. Stay the course Mr President!!!
Taking a knee, hand over heart, seems a most reverent display of ‘love of country’! You just want to create headlines that aren’t Russian!
Yea, he only believes in half of the country. And the perplexed in the PR ARE US citizens and not foreigners. I feel like kneeling!
That is your opinion. Not the Constitution.
$millions of dollars to play around, but they won't stand for the people that died for this country and the ability for us to even be here
POTUS pull all Tax Payer and Government   to the NFL and let the UN-Patriotic BillionaireNFL Owners Build their own Stadium
Well when a see my wee maker a will be proud to go down on both knees xxx
The people of this country have the right to do what ever they feel is right.
YOU are awesome Mr. PRESIDENT
Yeah and why don't you get rid of your baby rapin people in government places here in Phoenix,az?
Fake news
Kneeling is good for the US sir as it symbolizes humility of prayer.
#WorstPresidentEver
We stand for the flag and the goodness it represents, anything else is not kosher...
I agree.
Idiot
So disrespectful and un-American  to kneel. They are lucky to live in such a great country. No one forces them to stay here. Anyone can move
The fact that he's tried to change the focus from violence against minorities shows what a racist he is.
Delusional liar!  Trying to switch America's focus from Russia investigation.
America the Beautiful better symbolizes our values.
What about if im about to suck a dick? Standing and locking arms? Or just get on my knees?
Anybody who support Trump's beliefs is a racist why because the anthem don't respect black people
...will not watch another NFL game-- shame to you who should respect freedom & flag of US..BOYCOTT NFL
Agreed but let's move on! If you wouldn't have commented this would have gone away much faster!
Marshawn Lynch is an embarrassment to the US. I will not watch the NFL.
Zero
So we can protest with locked arms and having the National Anthem playing as long as we're standing. Thanks Not My President . And it's good
 twitter untweeted my retweet of @POTUS 

 time for regulation of #Twitter
Don't get sucked into childish semantics by over paid sport brats.  We are still without work because of the Mexican invasion from the S.
no one cares what you think ...just ask anyone
