deflecting little donnie, this little fight isn't going to make your impending impeachment over Russia magically disappear.
you are right about the needing help part
Hey @KellyannePolls: are these @realDonaldTrump words from his heart, his lips, or his rectum? #ShaveBallsFirst
you're honestly so embarrassing that you tweet about everything. Grow up
I agree one one tjing. You can use all the help you can get and I believe they have Drs. that specialize in your needs.
Hey Don, one of your Russian comrades selling mugs again?  Every tweet of yours. Russian bots still at it.
As MLK holiday approaches, let's remember what MLK's niece, Alveda King, said about Trump:
you are a real man unlike Obama!
AGREED!
you the first to reply. Make a wish.
You act like he has done nothing for 50 years. Because he made a comment about the election you delegitimized him.
Oh he did something all right.
#thats a great idea he should have doing it anyways he gets paid to do a job# he should do it#
@repjohnlewis we'll see if he really cares like Ray Lewis, Jim Brown, Steve Harvey--no way around it
the only thing you've said in the last 40 years I agree with is you "can use all the help I can get".
DNC the party created by those who believed in eugenic and keeping their slaves. Group of liars
Agree with you 100% . God bless you and guide you thru out your years leading the USA. Wish I could see your swearing in
i wish people could understand what you and your cabinet will do for tbe US.  I admire you for what you have taken on. TU
real men do ask for help and congressman John Lewis can help bigly
John Lewis is a man of high moral standards and ethical behavior.  You are a man with no ethical or moral compass.
lol. Find a cave and stay there, please.
We can trust Sen. Lewis to get the biscuit across a bridge. We can't trust you to shut up. #NOTFITtemperment
Decline the inauguration. Not presidential material! You have done your part by making Pence an option. #PresidentPence
really? Going after Lewis? Disgraceful.
there goes Trumps code word "inner city".
.@realDonaldTrump I'm glad you've been mulling it over all day. This a LOT more grown up, but it doesn't sound like a real apology, Donald.
.@realDonaldTrump Also, sweetheart, the portrait you're painting of "inner cities" does not make it seem like you've ever been there.
Speak for yourself. Currently in LA and on fire over here.
Call Hillary! Your president
You're lame!
aka someone told you, “you done fucked up a-Aron “
Congressman John Lewis, is entitled to his opinion, freedom of speech is one of his rights. Leadership starts with respect
Really? Doubling down on insulting a hero and civil rights leader on MLK weekend. How's that working out?
and the public dying without health insurance and medical care because you made us great again!
Trump=Racist Asswipe if he thinks Inner Cities=Crime Infested. Trump=Putin Loving Coward John Lewis=HERO
Name one inner city area that doesn't have a higher crime rate than the suburbs or rural America?
you are legit!  They need to let it go!
ur an idiot #FuckDonaldTrump
maybe you wouldn't need so much help if you spent time working instead of looking for critics to tweet at.
what is wrong with you?
Take a pass once in awhile, would you?
SHOW US YOUR TAXES, DONALD!
while you tweet, insult ppl & stiff contractors, @repjohnlewis has committed his life to making America more equal for all.
further you have been an inner-city real estate developer for your entire life, but have done NOTHING to help inner-cities.
your tweets demonstrate that as a white-heterosexual-"1 percenter" you have NO understanding of struggle for civil rights.
Rather narrow-minded assumption and puerile analysis....#sociallearningtheory
, has @realDonaldTrump been out fighting for civil rights? I'm merely pointing out he hasn't experienced discrimination.
Almost all in Congress are wealthy, uber  wealthy, elitist, 1% people, yet they keep getting voted it
Newsflash, Cities are burning because you were "elected" to an office you have no business holding. #resist #rise
SINCE 
PRESIDENT TRUMP elected, THERE IS A BRIGHT LIGHT SHINNG on DEMOCRATS as SELF-SERVING, MILITANT OBSTRUCTIONIST!
At least having a list will make draining the swamp easier,  we should thank them
YES, The list of OFFICIAL SWAMP CREATURES TO BE UNVEILED SOON! 
wow you're really doubling down on this, huh.
perhaps the burning you're talking about should be referred to a doctor? Maybe something you picked up in Russia?
Alex you made my day with that tweet.
*bows*
You still believe that fake news? Honestly how sad your life must be.
0 followers

These liberals are insane, I feel like I'm in the twilight zone.
@repjohnlewis put your work ethic where your mouth is. Step up and help #InnerCities instead of stomping on others.
Racist radical black leaders are only interested in keeping blacks down so that they can be relevant
only explanation that makes sense, isn't it? Unbelievable.
Sharpton, Jackson, Lewis and others like them has never done anything for the inner city black
they don't intend to, either. If #Blacks get educated way they should be, there would be no more of this #Racist crap.
They are actually slaving the blacks to be indebted to them.
When #Blacks understand that it was #Blacks who started the whole #Slavery thing in America, they'd GET IT, but don't want to
Not it is easy for them to blame whites. Thank God as they get educated they see the Democrats are not their friends
@ddendz #johnlewis start a legitimate investigation into #HomeLandSecurity not Russia why they tried 2 hack #Georgia
Thank you President Trump. Unlike BO Nvr stop trying to work w/the people. BO worked for himself & no one else.
why don't you go to walmart and get a new personality because clearly the one you got from k-mart has expired.
Stop bullying fat people, they have enough on their plate.
liberal leadership hasn't improved inner city citizen experience. You're Pres now. Do something. All talk, no action. #hoistofownpetard
your tweets make you  look terrible. Really focus on what matters, not on protecting your ego
Well, you definitely could use some psychiatric help.
It looks like your face caught fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer.
Everytime I see him on tv. He belittled himself, when he said that about you. I didn't even know him two days ago.
If you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid.
I thought John Lewis was a Christmas advertising campaign
it's obvious the non supporters are stressed. Eat, sleep & talk shit. Pres.Trump is on their minds 24/7 that's yuge
thank you  for telling like it is.
Your mom must have a really loud bark!
Why? isn't that supposed to be your job?
I thought "ONLY you" can fix it??????
i cant believe i just read that... yet you havent been this harsh against    what Russia set out and accomplished
Your disrespect and racism is disgusting. #PutinPuppet
If John Lewis is all that get him to stop 13% of our country  to stop doing 95% of our crime then I might listen to him
#shutthetrumpup
These rubber stamp liberals are not for black people or any people! All they want is power! He is one of those! TRUMP wins!
@repjohnlewis has risked his life to make our country great since before you dodged the draft.
You're the reason women beat their husbands
Mr. President he doesn't own any BIG BOY PANTS !
Yes Lewis, you should welcome the help in solving the inner city problems! Where are you?
spot on with that comment President Trump
yes, he needs to focus on his job and let you do yours.... He must follow Soros and getting paid to do it
If you MUST tweet, can you at least tweet like a PRESIDENT? Not an angry teenager.
Mr. Trump sir, I am willing to help out. I am trying to grow a militia to support the constitution and get out corruption
I would give you a nasty look right know but I see you have already got one.
@SheriffClarke lewis is a moron! steer clear!
#draintheswamp time to rid Congress of all this dead weight.
You are not worth our time.
#get to work Lil Fella!!! # get used to people not being aligned with you
seriously, why do you think "black people" and do a straight jump to "inner cities"? Every. Fucking. Time.
The REAL  John Lewis is surfacing and he is shameful. 8 years of Lewis&  OBama and inner cities are worse today. so sad
burning???
the highest IQ of any administration why do you need help? You got the richest and most unqualified cabinet in history.
You’re such a beautiful, intelligent, wonderful person. Oh I’m sorry, I thought we were having a lying competition.
@repjohnlewis district is WONDERFUL.
thank you President Elect Donald J Trump for setting a fantastic example in regards to our business !!!

@FoxNews 
I have to say, any member of govt. including @repjohnlewis that does not come to the inauguration-
@StaceinTexas it isn't going to happen.  He is just a rubber stamp Liberal Democrat for Hillary
in more ways than 1 "you need all the help u can get" finally something we can agree upon, u need all the help you can get
support U
Congress must put John Lewis between you and the nukes he is a proven American Hero & you a are cranky 2 year old - disgust
none other than Lyndon Johnson, then the Democratic Senate Majority Leader. LBJ had voted the straight segregationist line
you need to stop your damn tweeting and start doing your job as president of ALL Americans.
you have no moral standing. You spent the last 5 years calling  the first African-American President illegitimate. #karma
the only way John Lewis can stay relevant is by trying to get you engage him in useless banter over his stupidity ignore it
fake news from you
So says the Russian puppet!! Go back to Moscow!!! 
I’ve been called worse by better.
Absolutely correct.
after 4 years of questioning obama's legitimacy, this is karma,sir
The only way I'd lay naked with you would be in a mass grave
Couldn't agree more Cong Lewis needs to focus on his own district
They don't really care about all Americans. Its all about them. Disgraced by Dems. Ashamed
B @realDonaldTrump you should get a haircut, your brain is suffocating.
Pee on the burning inner-cities.  Or maybe hire some Russians girls to help.
@knowladgeispwr He is long over do for a replacement!!
Are you talking about the burning inner cities of NYC being gentrified.  You who grew up here.  You lie, buy and shame on you.
your a great man with a great vision for our country President Trump. Thank you so much
and you have done what for any one else in the past, oh 30 years? Other than serve yourself, what have you done for anyone?
@pink_lady56  not his agenda
Here is what I made featuring Baby John Lewis!
it's as if you like being exposed as racist.
you can't even walk  a mile in Mr. Lewis' shoes trumpy! #cantfixstupid
he's too busy with his booze bottle
How about 2 years of service for youth in AmeriCorps for tuition and books paid for college?  Deal?
John Lewis & the other 65 etc, demo's are doing what they do! Making the racial situation exist & continue their following
he won't do it cause he'd be out a job.#hoodhustler
You're so fake that Barbie is more real than you.
President Trump please be on highest alert, don't become careless during inauguration . I hope you have the best security.
the first truth you have ever utter. You do need a lot of help
shut up
both had strong words but John L  MLK would turn over in his grave hearing what you said about our now President
boy u hit nail on head.. u need all help u can get!!  It would take a team of shrinks though!  NOT my prez.. LOSER 4 sure!
TRUTH! ..and Rep. John Lewis should apologize for WRONGLY att@cking & slandering Trump & his civil rights.
John Lewis is actually an American hero. You wouldn't know that because you embrace racism and want blacks to fail.
PRAYING FOR YOU AND YOURS FAMILY AND VICE PRESIDENT FAMILY
WOW, THE MEDIA AND JOHN IGNORED YOUR REQUEST FOR JOHN TO HELP. SO SAD.
I love what you’ve done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of the nostrils like that?
If they will use a firehose and water down those people who are trying to riot, they will move!!!!! Quick!!!!!!!
JFK and Martin Luther King, two great men who #Trump will never be like #martinlutherkingday "Martin Luther King" #MLKDAY
yours. Stay focused on what you campaigned on. Safe borders, strengthening the economy and military, giving moral issues
well spoken. Am not sure how to improve inner cities except good education for all ages. Do this you'll win!! #trumpwatch
glad he is not coming will not be missed
Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed.
Lewis claims to fight for Civil Rights. What about violating P.E. Trumps rights? He is our 45th Pres!
lol,trump said the same for obama, but i guess having someone else do the same thing he did is 2 much for his ego to handle
Glad #DrKing's son met w/U on #MLKDAY cuz politics can get quite hostile d "birtha" thing U did on Obama #couldbethereason
give em hell Pres.!!
You living your last days, you do know that.
@SheriffClarke Lewis is a black elitist succumbed to radical left power, libs=black in office (controlled) or black poverty
"Inner cities?" Been in cryofreeze since 1973 have you? Racist pastiche from a silver-spoonfed, old-economy dinosaur.
He who acquits the wicked and he who condemns the righteous are both alike an abomination to the LORD. Pro. 17:21
Lewis is just seeking attention. Learn to ignore those that have no input on what you do for our country.
yes lewis is a fool and needs to start doing his job and to stop talking foolishness!
President Trump, please remember, if your successful in your plans. The democrats won't be needed. Their worst nightmare
it would be nice if democrats like John Lewis would stop acting like 2 year olds. . . .
.... I fear your answer to our "crime infested inner-cities" will be more prisons with tougher, longer sentences.....
John Slo-mo Lewis can go back to his office and sleep for 2 years and will still get paid. Takes 30 seconds/sentence
You're the same punk that your parents had to send away cause you were so obnoxious !
John Lewis is an embarrassment to Dr. King. Kind united, Lewis is dividing. Shameful & he's out of touch.
Fill vacant Democratic chairs at the inauguration with working class Americans that respect the transfer of power.
and stand with #Trump and #Americans how proud would #MLK be, he would actually cry from his grave. Make it happen #MAGA
John Lewis is an embarrassment to loyal Americans and prime example of why we need term limits.
