You're crazy AF. A meglomaniac. #IMPEACHTRUMP Fact Check: Trump Says He Passed More Bills Than Most Presidents
I think Trump lives on Earth 2.
Donald Trump all d way,i tank God for bringing Donald Trump to rescue USA isis almost finish dem all
#BenedictDonald
#TrumpRussiaCollusion
#ImpeachTrump
#BenedictDonald
#TrumpRussiaCollusion 
#ImpeachTrump
Awe, they don't like you in England.  Boo hoo.  May have something to do with your buddy Vladimir Putin.
A BOOK, Real history of Africanist!
#DonaldJTrump i as the vocal American I am.I Think your doing a great job.  Stocks are up,road being built thank you Sincerely Tim Strong
Agreed
Iam fighting Facebook ,distroy all my stories.
As some point we need to call what the Democrats are doing sedition! 

I'm sick of it
They are a threat to our democracy
Ex Republican here.  I will never vote Republican again.
I'm ASHAMED of Our House & Senate need to shut the Powerful GOP DOWN they are obstructionist also LET OUR PRESIDENT KEEP HIS PROMISES

Because DT is a meanie! Safe room time!
Umm pass.
GRAB THEM BY THE PUSSY!
do you do anything besides tweet and send out executive orders
Are you going to have to
 Tweety 
from the bathroom 
 now that The Melania is there? 
Dump in.
Dump out.
OMG! Dabo Swinney was in the Oval Office.  He must be a racist.
Laughing Constantly at the welfare addicts trying to slam @POTUS Trump, who WILL get their LAZY BUTTS off the couch & MAKE THEM GO TO WORK
LMAO! Trump is the laZiest pres we ever had.  Tweets, golfs, eats, brags, eats, tweets, lies, brags about nothing, lies, eats, tweets.
#TwitterTip: Don't reply to #Trump supporters. Just DON'T do it.
I bet you didn't even know they were a football team until today
Do you buy or sell on a reverse split ?
Wow!! President Trump and the Clemson Tigers. It doesn't get any better than that.
Now back to #RussianCollusion and #DonaldTrump in jail! Shaking in your adult diapers yet?  #Trumpcareisnocare #WeAreOrlando #Resistance
Shut up
I'm willing to guess that 80% of them don't support you as president.
But they do

Nice kitty kitty!

Stolen valor.

So, your dumba** voted for Trump huh? This guy wouldn't even rent to Blacks & was sued for it. "NO NIGGERS!"  #MAGA 
I got pulled over the other day and the cop said he was recording me. They all wear cameras now. Secret service has to wear cameras.
Did you have someone count the crowd size?
Pray for @realDonaldTrump  #GodBlessAmerica
I pray daily that all of his evil and wickedness are revealed and that he is held to account.
Get out
No matter what U do 2America, we had a great and beautiful @POTUS44 and we know the difference and U WILL NEVER BREAK US OR USA!
WE KNOW
Obummer was the food stamps president.
Ima not a moccodoty!!!
Um, who cares? When are you going to resign?
I hope to find a volunteer lawyer to file a lawsuit against Saudi Arabia who killed my daughter &destroyed my house
(Video) Report by @HRW Coalition Airstrikes on Factories Heighten Crisis in #Yemen #800Days_ForgottenWar
President Trump , is an incredible man ! Washington only pay attention to our president and you dummies could learn a lot !
Trump only cares about the 1% and spits on the 99%. He is the worst President ever and one of the worst human beings in recorded history.
I'm a Little Snowflake
BREAKING: Justice Department Source overheard Bob Mueller stating he would "Get Even" with Trump over Comey statements!.....Developing...
Donald Trump we love u,pls dont listen to ur haters.
But how can an illegitimate president fire anyone in DC?
Please tell me that this is all a nightmare and we are living in some type of parallel universe. I'm sad to say I'm an American . How long?
Also entitled to free speech. If you don't like it, maybe you're the one who should leave.
He is just making a logical suggestion.
No.
& A LOT of the team (CLEMSON) DIDN'T go 2 W.H. (June 12, 2017; 20:09 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Bench warmers
Did they lose the popular vote too?
Star Wars movies ranked, from best to worst:

1. Attack of the Clones
2. Phantom Menace
3. All of the other ones
4. Empire Strikes Back
Stop your attention-seeking nobody cares about you
My Star Wars takes are really hot. Your Star Wars takes are really not.
You are basically the Jar Jar Binks of Twitter
That's ok. Jar Jar was a Sith Lord.
A dopey gungan. Like every other inner-city liberal
Build your wall
Have you fired Mueller yet? No? Good
Why is it the left blame everything Obama and Hillary did on President Trump? I really cannot believe how dumb some of you on the left are.
Warriors won't be there. Thank goodness.
Happy birthday usa President nirmal boricha rajkot gujarat india
Rdxgh11wpu
Before Jen Bush trashed all new voting machines. I emailed him that there needed to be a paper trail. Didn't listen. Sat scoring would work.
Another phony photo op!
Loved this!!
So proud of Clemson's athletic success but more proud of their Christian values!
Firing Mueller isn't going far enough.  Abolish the FBI & DOJ.  Fire Congress & Supreme Court.  Name yourself King & Pope.
Golden State Warriors just dissed you bigly! Won't accept your WH invitation. Because you're #FakePresident
it's seems you are not winning a war against islam like you predecessor Bush it's better for you to stay away
Low quality stedicam work there.
Arts Endowment Distances Itself From The Public Theater As Delta Air Lines, Bank of America Drop Support In Wake Of ‘Julius Caesar’ Protests
nice
It is disgusting how the media and late show hosts continue degrade and lie about Mr Trump, if the other party won this would never b allowd
@loveimbob your fave pres and your Tigers 
You got part of thAt right!
Russia, Russia, Russia.  We are not distracted.  Comey and Flynn have turned on you.  Naptime!
So why haven't you congratulated Tony Award winners?! . . .
Good news for you Orangeface, Time is running today is your big Day 632. Only 632 Days to your Impeachment and your presidency ended.
Mueller .. tick tock
What the hell would you know about it?
Roll Tide!!!!! :-)
looks like a bigger crowd for the tigers than your inauguration
How utterly embarrassed is Clemson right now, standing at the Wh with the imposter trump.
They are standing as Champions at the White House.  It's a celebration. Can't it just be that? No hate. No politics.  Just celebration.
do you notice how many people look like they'd rather be in a hot pit of hell than be anywhere near trump?
Me included and i am half the planet away , the planet isnt big enough for me and trump
Congratulations!! 
They don't want to come to the WH
Give all the necessary support to our world leaders
God Bless you and family
Because I hope you like to hear me speak as much as I like to hear me speak!
I'm sorry but out of that whole thing all I heard you say was make millions and millions of dollars
You claimed to have a very good brain. I'm beginning to doubt it. All of those so-called judges probably doubt it too.
Finally, a team with so little shame that they're willing to be photographed with ME! Because it's all about ME! #NarcissistInChief
The Leaker of the White House .
Nice. What @realDonaldTrump gave the Russians was how the Israelis had HACKED ISIS COMPUTERS #Traitor http://www.haaretz.com/us-news/1.795260?v=5F650C0D0FADE8FA102AF234940D43AD …
What the fuck was that? Was it a commercial for adult diapers or something ?
Investigate Lynch 
This is what you did yesterday? Along with your neediness meeting to have your staff stroke your.  . . ego. Sad. Golfing would be better.
What happened to Pride Week?  Homophobe!
Amazing
Looks like a grade 9 video project. SAD.
Mr. President, TRANSPARENCY is prescription of moment. Americans feeling more in dark than ever. A fireside chat in prime time is in order!

Dear mr president @realDonaldTrump  I'm seeking U R help with my RESETTLEMENT PROCESS i have been here for7 years in Indonesia refugees camp
BREAKING - Comey's SECOND Meeting With Loretta Lynch Reveals He Confronted Her About Political Interference
The Gateway Pundit is a hard-right website that is not afraid of conspiracy theories Not a credible source that occasionally publishes #Fake
Hey trump their getting closer to the truth,the walls are closing in and everyone will see what you did. Like taking putins money to finance
Your campaign now the bill is comming due and if you dont make good he will show everything you did in russia
Gag a maggot to Clemson!
How many Clemson players & staff refused to go?
*******TRAITOR*******#resist #russiagate #trumprussia
Thought we asked them for a shirt with a zero on it?! Your favorite number no?
Sponsor me
I love  Clemson being up there they have a wonderful coach great team good job mr president love  you
The day you were sitting around watching sports another 3500  American Infants were murdered by #abortion, under your watch.
@SpeakerRyan @freedomcaucus Why did you Republicans allow a Fake Russian Conspiracy investigation? We will never forget this
No worries snowflake. What could go wrong?
Great game, however what game are our politicans playing with our Veterans.
And congratulations to you for now being under federal investigation...enjoy your FBI colonoscopy
Yay
Obama signed a $787 billion stimulus package into law in his first month, while also achieving a law expanding health care for children
You don't even like sports you...you don't even exercise you "Fatcow"!!!!!!
Party like your microwave isn't watching.
Donald- start stressing senators are stealing healthcare behind our backs
I'm a So. Carolina Gamecock fan. Not big on  Clemson. But ok, fine. I'll say congrats to Clemson.  That left a bad taste in my mouth. 
You are a fraud
Are their team colors orange like yoi?
Youre retweeting your own tweets old man. Cant keep your tiny fingers at rest?
奥康去
My cousin goes wow that drink is strong. Or that drink sucks. Or she sucks. Like are you trying to get shut off or kicked out?
They don't want anything to do with you either. You are poison. We are the antidote. #Resist #TrumpRussia #Obstruction #Prison for #Trumps
おめえすげえな
Lol usa loser
Enjoy that because the @warriors will NOT be coming
Still think Putin is a better leader than Obama Comrade.
Did body shots with some cheer leaders in Tiger Town Tavern in '87 - Gordo
Geez, isn't this a little late? But I guess now that it's summer...
You need people not paid puppets.#Pride2017 our Prez is against us.
keeping it real ....local is where the heart is...not phony globalist cheat the little guy NIKE
this is all you have? Sad.
My cousin just spent like 4 days at the beach and came back and showed my mom all kinds of videos of them naked doing drugs partying. Wtf!
Congratulations to the @warriors
I
