Why would an innocent man need “protection”?
Why would you need “protection”?

Oh, wait, that’s what you said to Stormy, right?
Have you no shame? #HaveYouNoShame
Republicans knew how corrupt you were. They were complicit only to further their agenda. Now the jig is up and they’re trying to save face. You’re toxic. 
#TrumpTreason 
#TrumpIsNotAboveTheLaw
KING OF NOWHERE

they are supposed to protect the constitution dummy
Politicians work for their constituents, including you. Dumbass.
Oh boo effing hoo!
If you had led a decent life, been honest, compassionate, empathetic and caring (you know, like president Obama) you wouldn't be in this mess. Presidents don't need *protection*, only mobsters do. And BTW  Karma always catches up with evil. 
#TrumpResignNow
How do you carry all those people with your tiny hands?
That's not their job.
Snowflake
Clearly you didn’t take political science in college you idiot. That’s NOT their job. You have your “fixers” for that.
shhh
What do you need to b protected from? The truth?
Said like a true corrupt company executive.
I agree chief ! We need to run some supporters against these establishment lazy , lying crooks the should be supporting you and us
you carried them? you're a JOKE and an embarrassment to America.  Who would possibly want to ride on the trump train wreck?

I agree Mr President they should have your back ,Jeff sessions should be going after leakers,clinton, lynch,Schultz, comey,we love u
They are not elected to have his “back!” They are elected by us to have ours!
uhm, hello. maybe because you don't even protect the people of this country. ALL of the people, not just your party !!!
I wonder if he'll reply
If not... I know where he lives 
They are all in together....they are after more power and more money instead of "serving" America and our best interest...Make it illegal to accept outside money that buys their soul...
Whaaaa. #snowflake
Oh and by the way you actually lost the popular vote which affected them more than you. There was no electoral college to save them.
Maybe they didn’t quite understand just how corrupt you and your family are initially.... they, like the rest of America, are now seeing the truth of it
They’re not there to protect you! They’re there to protect us! They represent us!
Did you know that everyone in office has sworn an oath to protect the Constitution, and not you? Scandalous!

I'm looking forward to watching you go down. I'm only concerned with how much damage you do on the way down.

That’s all they do! If you were a democrat, you would have been gone by January 31, 2017.
You are insane. They don't work for you, they work for their constituents.  Take a basic civics class. You're dangerous without it.
Dear POTUS:

Remember this?
1.  If you vote for Hilary, you’ll have a President who will have us on the brink of war.
2.  If you vote fore Hilary, you’ll have President buried in scandals.

You should be a psychic sir.  Because I voted for her, and I sure as hell got both!
They serve constituents, not you!  Haven't you read the "Rules of the Presidency"?  Oh yeah, reading....
Isn’t it supposed to be the other way, Cheetoman? You’re supposed to protect America. Not be protected. That’s why you’re not fit to be where you are. You’re a mobster, and we all know it.
You imply that you need protection.  No one is above the law.
Just give us names right before the midterms and don't be bashful about it! Call out the snakes.
Spot on.
Oh come on just resign. Please do us all a favor!!
Nope
Good. It's better that they protect the American people and the United States Constitution from you and your filthy  gang of thieves.
They don't work for you!
Give us a break. Act like a man! Act like a President! No more pity parties .
He's not THAT good of an actor.
Because their president is an ignorant cheeto!!!
Hate monger


Wait, let me get your binky and a pamper! Do you ever act like a grownup? You're so exhausting!
Who is responsible for where you are today Chief Nacho? You...take responsibility for SOMETHING in your life...be a man at least...at a freaking minimum...or are your bone spurs acting up?
It is not anyone's job to protect you from yourself and your crimes...maybe if you lived a decent life, you wouldn't have so much crap to deal with...SAD! Your children are just like you...are you proud? All evil...
Because you’re a criminal and they see the light...now you racist crook!
It’s going to get worse... much worse.
They are MEANT TO REPRESENT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE AND NOT THE PRESIDENT you moronic fool.  America is NOT a dictatorship as much as you wish it was
Protect you from what?  Yourself?  LMAO!! The only thing you have ever had on your back is your own ego...and you are no one's president Chief Nacho...
Perhaps no one told you but their oath of office is to the Constitution - not to any one person or party. You’re trying to making this about “winning” and “loyalty” when America is actually about the preserving the rule of law and seeing that justice is done.
Too bad you're not man (nor innocent) enough to protect yourself.
Because they actually DO NOT work for YOU, they work for the people that elected them!
Republicans serve their country, not you. The men that agreed the raids had to happen serve the country, not you.
Hahahaha douche
you seem to keep for forgetting that you are not "their" president, you are the president of the United States. Act like it! Act like you care about democracy, the rule of law, the constitution.
You have tweeted some crazy things, but this is just dumb.  They should be protecting their constituents, the people they supposedly serve.
Protect you from what, an innocent man doesn't need protection, so you admit guilt and need protection from prosecution, we already knew that.
Their job is to protect the country and they realize that you are an enemy of the state!
Carried over the line on your back?That must have been murder on the old bone spurs.
What u r requiring is total loyalty from Repubs. That is not how things work. U have no right 2 require that they kiss your buttocks. U want them 2 give u the ok 2 fire Mueller. There is such a thing as checks & balances which u want negated.

Sorry, but you don’t ever carry anyone on your back. You aren’t into helping others. It is sad.
I'm from the future. Buckle up, Buttercup.

Wait, what?  Protect the President?  Their job is to protect the Constitution, Democracy and their constituents. Theoretically you should be on the same page. But you’re not. Sad!
Congress is a coat equal branch of government they are not your servants they are there to check your abuse of power. You have not been checked yet it's coming
Their loyalty is to the country and to the Constitution. Not to you.
people protect something that is worth protecting..you aren't worth spit..and they weren't hired by the american people to protect some lawless, cheating, lying scumbag like you..quite the opposite...you really have no idea what america stands for do you? #wearelaughingatyou
Boo hoo. 
And I've never seen you carry anything except a golf club.
By sitting on their hands as you impugn the rule of law, appoint the worst possible choice to head virtually every agency, watch TV and golf? Sleazeball, please...
It’s sad that some of your own party is so mortified by your behavior that they would turn their back on the POTUS.
It is sad we have a president who needs protecting.
Sweetie - you @realDonaldTrump have done NOTHING to get Republicans elected. Every Republican you have supported lated has been beaten by a Democrat. #TrumpLoser #TrumpGuilty

Why do they need to protect you?   Oh, that.
And how many republicans have lost because of you! It’s probably 10 fold more than you helped? But keep up the good work, #TheResistance and the #BlueWaveProject can use all the help we can get.
Even your bought bitches think you're guilty is the takeaway here.
What’s sad is that you don’t understand they are there to serve their constituents and uphold the constitution. Protecting you is not in the job description. You’re corrupt and  are going down. Resign now and save face.
It’s all about YOU - stay classy Donald 
What's sad is a President who does nothing to protect his Country & everything to hurt it. That's sad.
That’s not their job! If you knew the first thing about yours you’d know that! Our tax money does not buy your ‘protection’, Bub. You’re going down like the grifter you are.

They’ve turned a blind eye and let you get away with so much already! News Flash: They are supposed to be working for the people not you!
Because you do not think about them or their constituents.
Oh, please. Quit being such a whiner. It's getting tiresome.
You aren’t a God. You aren’t a King. You’re a reality tv personality that conned people into thinking you care. Now go away and let the adults take over.
Here is a tiny violin  for your pathetic #pityparty
Snowflake
Poor baby. At least you’re jumpsuit will match your complexion. They’re not here to protect YOU they’re supposed to Protect the CONSTITUTION that you’re shitting on. And they’re doing a shitty job of it. @GOP
Spoken like a cornered rat.
If you didn't break the law you wouldn't need protection. But well all know thats not true. You did and you're going to jail.
It's very sad that Republicans, even some who believe in the rule of law, don't take your our criminal President down.
You're vain enough to think protecting you is actually their job, and dumb enough to not realize that they ARE fucking protecting you. GOP congress has been determinedly looking the other way ever since you took the damn oath of office
Government for the People by the People Donnie T! It's not Government for the President by the President you dope! That's not how America works. Get a tutor or something, you know nothing about the government! #TrumpsterFire #Sad #Criminal #WannaBeDictator
They. Don’t. Work. For. You. They work for us. And so do you.
Let’s leave what happens on your back out of this

The purpose of office of the president is to serve the American people, not the other way around.
BWAHAHAHA carries over the line on YOUR back! Dear god, that is hilarious! Roy Moore anyone.....
That’s not their job, you knob.
What are the narcissistic colors like in your screwed up Man of La Mancha world? Their job is to protect us, Don Quixote,  Junior. You...just....don’t....get it!
But...but...but... her emails...but....but....but....obama....but....but...repealicans..... some save me!

Bye fellicA
Just like you carried Judge Moore......
Maybe they secretly don’t like Putin that much.
Well it's very political..sinking ship and all that......
ok
Don’t worry Mr. President! You have a powerful vast group of Trump Supporters all over America that will always be there to protect and honor our President!! You don’t need the weaklings or those that are to afraid to stand up for the truth. God Bless our President and The USA!!!
How bout fuck you as a person, and especially as a President.

You are theee shittiest ever.
Hmm. You were singing a different tune in 2015
Am I morally obligated to defend the president every time somebody says something bad or controversial about him? I don't think so!
你是说你吗呢 摇就完事了
you are also suppose to protect us, and you don't.
they are suppose to protect us, not you. 
And they don't.
Wow!! Not a lot of love out there for you Donald.Not a lot Of love
How did I miss this? Another example of the overly sensitive, paranoid, and grandiose features of narcissistic personality disorder. #GTFOofourWH #ONENation #YourpresidencyisFORCEDandNONCONSENSUAL
TRUMP 2020 PLS WE NEED U,STRAIGHTEN THIS COUNTRY OUT
Very sad that 62 million people voted for conman who needs protecting and cries more than 3 year old. Resign, run and hide. #TrumpRussia train coming for you and your family
Watergate investigations took 2 yrs & 5 weeks.
VP Agnew was first to go. 
He got plea deal, disbarred, a fine & probation.
Nixon lied, then covered up. 
Ford pardoned him or he'd have gone to jail w/48 others.
FACT: co-conspirators (pence) can't give pardons

HIRE ME!!! @realDonaldTrump
It's very sad that Republicans, even some that were carried over the line on my back, do very little to protect their Pr...
You could protect yourself by not saying and doing stupid things and spewing #TrumpLies into the #TrumpChaos
We're working on getting them out!
One State At A Time
We will MAGA if it takes a walk to all State Capitals
You have done a magnificent job
This is why you need to vacate the WH. You know nothing about how the government works. They don’t protect you. It’s checks & balances. 
Primary all of them. Start over.
#Primary #TooEasy #Sayonara #Adios #Latas #Goodbye
It's very sad that we have a president who is a "fucking moron". Tillerson is right about you.
F U asshat .  Why should anyone protect an egomaniacal dolt like you?
UGH!
We are the only ones that have your back you're surrounded by Traders
not even 10 percent of the US population follow you anymore. Then who would willingly protect you from anything? just people you pay do so.
Hahahahahahhahah
BE MORE SPECIFIC, WHAT PRESIDENT.... OBAMA?
you didn't carry anyone on your back. They are putting country before party because you're a disaster to the US! LOSER!
They are Traitors & you should expose their underhanded deeds & arrest every rhino that opposes you with the Patriot Act especially McCain't
Most of them are spineless. The ones who have a spine get campaigned against. Drain the swamp! Vote Roy Moore! Drop the Strange endorsement.
I will stand by you, Mr President!
McConnell and Strange are swamp dwellers. Roy Moore will stand his ground to the death. You'll never have to wonder where he stands.
We will be sending Roy Moore for the same reason we voted for you.
You are backing the wrong candidate in Alabama but Roy will understand and stand with you. Make nice when he gets there please.
Trump stay strong you are the man Mark ohio
Time to vote them out
You wouldn't need protecting if you weren't a whiney, hyper-sensitive 2yro. Man up& protect yourself since you blew all the Secret Service $
Did the Secret Service also quit on you?
Hahahahahaha THAT'S NOT HOW A DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC WORKS. Checks & balances, checks & balances.
Protect you how? From the truth being exposed about u maybe? From the truth coming out?
You make it difficult for them because you are too f'ing stupid & an overtly racist Nazi.
Checks and balances, Sir. I implore you to pick up a civics textbook and then read it.
Lol, Nov. 6th 2018 is fast approaching they r freaking out at posability of loosing upper house and lower! The writing is on the wall Donald

You are really very insecure aren't you?
OMG, Grow up and stop whining! Yeah, it's their job to protect our Constitution from people like you. BTW, that's your job too!
If u cant protect urself u shouldn't have such a loose tongue.. Fucking draft dodging baby!!
You do know that congress is an equal part of government. They don't work for you.
It is not their job to protect you. Their job is to protect the country. Gov. Has 3 separate, but equal branches. Get it? School yourself.
How old are you?  Grow up. Sad!
how can we help to drain the swamp and get rid of them?
I am so disappointed in these Republicans who are not backing you at this hostile time in America.Whimps need not apply at this time!
Do you have a clue what Constitution says? To be presidential:see Obama, Bush, Bush, Clinton & Carter #ImpeachTrump #Unfit #OutDamnedSpotOut
TRUMP WON'T BE IMPEACHED DUMMY..DO YOU KNOW THE CONSTITUTION?TRUMP WILL REMAIN AND WIN AGAIN IN 2020! GET OVER IT SNOWFLAKE CRY BABY
we will vote them out on election day. I know other republicans like me will remember if we are Wno14q+x=|=|
we the voters will remember them for their loyty  mr.President and we will vote them out  for good !
Why do you need protecting?
i would put under investigations all senators to see who is loyal to costitutional vote and who not. betrayors resign. must
They all need to go, enough all ready
Don't worry Mr President, they might not protect you, but we'll over 100 million people stand w you & they won't forget them in 2018 & 2020.
WHAT BACK AS YOU HAVE NO BACK JUST LIES!!!
well well well @HouseGOP @SenateGOP looks like you are Trumps employees in his mind
