Did you speak to him before, or after you reinstated us into the Paris deal.
Well Bill has a lot of work to do!  You've done nothing!  
How and how?


Good, let's put ALL Americans to work. Self sufficiency is the key to success!
Universal healthcare would help do this
 will you stop already!! We all know you're a charlatan... among other things!

You're not doing a damn thing to b ting back jobs. Maybe in Russia and China but not in Michigan. #TrumpRussia
President Trump has improved jobs, unemployment has dropped, less people on welfare. And all  President Trump had to do was wave his magic wand.
Umm, really?
In reality you aren't bringing back Jobs.  The numbers fell below expectations.
Liberal loser @EdKrassen
Dems-WINING. They got ALL your support circle pushed out&away, now they step in to "wrk" w\you. Because it will push Base&Gop away(isolated)
You already said this. Were you sleep tweeting last night?
It's been deleted. Maybe he misspelled something?
Meanwhile, coal miners in Fairview, WV just got laid off with a rumbling of 200+ in November. Winning much?
Only true Americans can see that president Trump is making America great. He's the only person who can! Haters are jealous of his success 
And Hitler did improve Germany for his followers or at least some of them.
Usually presidents need to commit a crime first before being impeached but what do I know

And how did the investigation turn out? Any proof or still nothing ?
It's ongoing. Nothing will be leaked before then, because trump's people aren't privy to it.
It's also been ongoing for over 7 months. It didn't take that long to find Hillary's uranium deal
That wasn't "hillary's deal". And it's a complex investigation. There will be many indictments. So now thing to conclude yet.
@JoeNBC @Lawrence You said that almost a year ago. Sorry not happening and you know it. Obama plan worked yours failing like everything else
Oh and Russia is going to destroy you and Pence. You both lied and you will be jailed. The world is watching and you will screw it again.
Dude, do you think postongbthis for your Twitter  followers will make a difference? Bots don't vote.
Complete saint is saint rampal ji mharaj
Get off your phone and do some work for a change
tick-tock, Donnie-boy
8 years of tick-tock
Your word means nothing.
Our great leader....
Schuette fought against same sex marriage, endorsed Jeb and is a total flip-flopper. I can see why you like him. Stay outta MI! #DumpTrump
Thanks for letting us know who Not To Vote For!
I was born in Michigan
and I wish and wish again
that I was back in the town where I was born
Theres a farm in Michigan
and I'd like to fish
fix Voter ID law. OR  U will lose in2020.  How many poll watcher do U have for Republican candiates?  Dems will cheat.
Ok show me the jobs. Jobs here and now not the "promised " ones
@nytimes Please provide evidence of this statement.
Resign. Worst President in the history of the United States. Fact. Sad. Disgraceful.
You can't be trusted. Not in the slightest. #Trump #ImpeachTrump #resist #AMJoy #SundayMorning #NotMyPresident #TheResistance
Governor Schuette!  Sounds good to me Mr. President.
You don't even live in MI. How are you going to comment on who should govern the citizens there?
Welp I know who it to vote for. It's funny your endorsement actually hurts a candidates.
not*
You are doing nothing!

You lie!
How about fixing their water first. #LiarInChief
What about Louisiana?? NOT just the states that voted for you. @Bobby Jindal didn't give 2 cents about no where but Baton Rouge
Are you riding the Trump train? Retweet and follow back

More like resist liberal idiots and their anti-American agenda
More like resist white supremacists and their hateful agenda.
Vernon I'm a true believer in resisting white supremacist, black supremacist and their hateful agenda
Stop tweeting and start governing, Trump!
This is an actual poll:
gas station sushi is more popular than djt.... 

Obama

The perfect Master of Lies. He can lie like no other. Remember
Just go to the link. We lie to them=FELONY Trump lies to us=BEST PRESIDENT EVER? You are kidding me, right?
Not sure what you want to accomplish. I live my country and my President. You can tweet out all day long. Not being influenced by anyone
Seriously.  Open your eyes.   Open your mind.  See the truth that is right in front of your face.  The man is evil.  Not kidding.  Repent.
It is IMPERATIVE that AG Bill Schuette wins Michigan's governorship.  

In Michigan, 13 Muslim candidates are running for office & physician Abdul El-Sayed is hoping voters will elect him to be the first Muslim governor in the US. 

Political Islam
Our best President ever. More Jobs for America!!! Thank You President Trump
September 16th, 2017: Attorney General Bill Shuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help!
Michiganders better vote for Bill Schuette for governor! Remember, there is a Muslim the Dems are trying to weasel into the position!
These folks have no idea how horrible their lives will be if Muslims get into office, the first step in instituting Sharia Law. 
History proves future.
I'm glad I saw this. Now I know who not to vote for. Thanks
Hey Trump!
Really...#FlintWaterCrisis...he is knee deep in abuse of a public office. Snyder needs to be arrested but they're besties.
The liberals keep saying your just ranting over North Korea, the people standing behind you are waiting for you to do something, GetRDone
No your not. It all in your imagination.
How about you work as hard to clean up their water as you do backing their politicians ..
Pump money into working fusion reactor. Oil will run out in Grandchildren lifetime. What are you going to do? Jump ahead of other countries!
You're doing nothing to bring back jobs to Michigan! And whom you just propped up is a very bad choice. #TurnMichiganblue
Lies. How are you helping Flint?
See you came back and corrected the spelling of Governor Fantastico, your good friend Bill.
Like the Carrier #Jobs in Indiana that left anyway? Even after huge infusion of cash from taxpayers  - Massive waste for Photo Op
This country has had some well rounded, hi character pple in politics. Jeez, now we R stuck with u, a selfish, uneducated , conniving ,sneak
So he is your NSDAP candidate?
Nope
Vote for Attorney General Bill Schuette for Govenor of the State of Michigan..just we need to replace the SWAMPIES.. THANKS
The planet hates you!!!
So wrong - like always -  promoter of fake news
What's going on with Dearborn? Asking since maybe moving there (if & when sell my house) but worried since close to where we may go?! God+++
Not if we can help it..
I believe it, when I see it!
then where are they?
Schuette is anti-cannabis! And anti-law's and rules that we the people vote for and support F him and his party!
Exactly how many jobs have you brought back in Michigan? Please list by field of employment, i.e., auto wkr., miner, medicine, etc.
Yes, and Please block a t-mobile / sprint merger it will cost many jobs and badly hurt consumers.
The question is would you switch your support from attorney general Bill Schuette  to lt Governor Brian Calley if he decides to run?
YOU are bringing back the jobs and Bill will HELP?!?  What kind of a governor is that who doesn't lead his own state?
You aren't doing anything except playing on your phone.
He has a great record #MAGA maybe he can add to it when he wins, yes Jobs, our children & families are hurting due to loss of jobs.
Perhaps the better governor that god ever created?
JUST PLS STOP SUPPORTG LUTHER STRANGE: ITS JUDGE MOORE U NEED TO BE CAMPAIGNING FOR. WTF? UR A DAMN RINO SWAMPER. ChrisC=Consrvtv Hater=BAD
We're good. Obama took care of that already.
How about first fixing the water so its safe to live there ? Or are u counting on brain dead voters and kids with learning disabilities?
Where is the wall??? Tax reform? No Obama care? Are u gonna be a man of words or action???
What jobs Mr. President. What jobs are you bringing back. You keep saying this and yet there are no new jobs on the horizon.
No one wants your slave labor.
Lies, lies and more lies!!! Where are all the other jobs you promised!! Hey trumpetts have you found a job yet?
Build that wall do the tax Budget and health care before make any deals with luring Schumer and blow shit out North Korea
no your not...your seeing years of planning to back car manufacturers. Innovation and technology has been foreseen
Bribing Companies to open offices in America?
How about their clean water? How you helping with that?
Stop taking credit for things you don't do and owning what you do and say
Mr President, you must reign in the State Department, these people are trying to create their own Government policy
The only FANTASTIC thing u know is you and your world
How do you think about Celine
Are you finally moving your clothing line from the Asia-Pacific?
Bill Schuette decides to spend $'s Michigan doesn't have to fight anti discrimination. Retrograde fool
Hypocrite trump, your businesses are ALL overseas!
What jobs? You haven't brought back any jobs including your own companies manufacturing jobs.
Being entertained by your rednecked KKK friends again?
Bill Schutte will be the final nail in the coffin of the great state of Michigan. Return to Dark Age
Anyone you support isn't worth a crap. You don't create jobs or raise the stock market.
There's your biggest lie of the day.
You have not bright back jobs, you can thank a real president for that. Obama will always be better then you
If #Michigan comes to mind again, fly into #Flint for the #water.  Bring the #family & Bill can bring the hoses.  #MuellerIsComing for you.
As good as you are President of this great country!
You don't know what you're doing
Your a fruad!
You lie.  You haven't created any jobs beyond paper.  Show the truth.
God bless America
Hooray
Just like he's helped Flint? Yeah, no. #liarinchief You've done nothing and will go down as a nobody. You must be getting scared of #Mueller

I am NOT voting for anyone you endorse.
Take the dotard survey: on a scale of 0-10 where 0=total idiot and 10=genius, where do you rate #DotardTrump?
If Obama hadn't saved the auto industry in Mi.,there wouldn't be nothing much left here to save. All other jobs are min. wage, not enough.
Good news, MI needs all the help it can get @realDonaldTrump @potus #MAGA #MASA #DTS #TrumpTrain #LockHerUp #BuildTheWall
#RESIGN
If you support him, he probably is a loser like you. Birds of a feather...
If you are endorsing him I won't be voting for him.
That just cemented my vote for someone else if you support him. Means that he is corrupt if he is in bed with your crooked ass.
Where is my new job POTUS #45?
Magic 8 Ball says, "Highly Suspect".
I'm a veteran in Michigan..our roads suck,hey talk about jobs?? Why is it MOST gas stations are owned by foriegners???..who pay no taxes....
Obama did that already...
You r bringing back only hate and fear! You r the worst president! You create a climate of division! Quit now and save your Russian buds!
He's bringing back part time jobs with no benefits. Just like a lying piece of shit republican. Don't be fooled. Vote democrat!!!
You're not bringing ANYTHING back. Stop lying to people that you're going to create jobs. You're a sick man; a mentally unhinged man.
Schuette is the worst choice. Whitmer will be great for Michigan!
Trump stay focus. Stay off the campaign trail. People are starting to ask why are you still campaigning when you have a lot on your plate
Trump you are president now. You can endorse these people without showing up. You have more important things to do.
if you support him he must be bad because nothing trump is good
Where do you and Ivanka get your xit manufactured??
Schuette is the absalute worst thing for Michigan. he is more of the same and has proved over n over he does not care what the people want
Great
liar
@realDonaldTrump Dotard in Chief
can you find us a fantastic president for United States and then resign? 
Liar liar liar
Jobs? That's a laugh!

#TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist
That's what you said about Sessions, but I'm still waiting for the arrests to begin?
You had to PAY the one company 17 million & they still didn't bring back jobs...you are a liar & love to boastabout those lies
#FakeNews
How is that fake news larry
Bill is a bum to he's going to loose!
the only jobs you are creating are for investigators and prosecutors. #trumpRussia #PutinPuppet #Moneylaunderer
God's you feel bad about tweeting b*******thing
Have Betsy help ppl retrain for hi-tech jobs instead of trying to compete for mfg jobs. Srsly, how much does Ivanka pay her slave laborers?
Still waiting for you to be "so presidential". You know absolutely nothing about the people you endorse.
What jobs, you have done nothing but blame everyone for your shortcomings.  You have no budget plan, no tax plan but cuts for the top 1%
"The great state of" insert name now. Inauthentic
bill schuette will never be michigans gov....get a grip
Thank you Mr. President.Thank you and the beautiful first lady for loving America and standing on the right principles!!
Take a flying leap.  We choose our own criminals to run our state, don't need your opinion
#EndDaca #NoAmnesty #BuildTheWall campaign promises
Doing what you do best. Empty promises and lies.
Stay away from Michigan. Where Republicans brought us the Flint water crisis!!!
Pi Z-xs8z op scttrr z c $R
Like you bring back jobs at Carrier??? After all your ass kissing, They moved to Mexico!!!
