@BarackObama is a man of character and respect... you can't compare what  trump does to @BarackObama respect is earned not given..
Obama destroyed our country and embraced a culture that this country was not built upon.
"embraced a culture that this country was not built upon" 
and what culture was that? One that doesn't embrace the immigrant?
now do you mean literally built upon? Because Obama tried to halt DAPL but trump gave it the ok. So that'd be assisting native americans
or do you mean Obama didn't accept slave culture? Need to be specific here since you gave a vague af reply
and while you're at it, please tell me how Obama "destroyed the country" even though Trump is taking credit for stuff Obama did?
for example: jobs created aren't because of Trump. They're because of Obama era policies that are still in effect until next month
it just a tweet get over it i'm not talking about @BarackObama ...
Sure he is. Pull my other leg, it plays Jingle Bells.
If DACA is/was illegal why didn't the courts rescind it?  They have had 5 yrs. to do it.
because trump doesn't understand how courts, much less SCOTUS, works
Thank you President Trump and Mike Pence for being the hope that we can believe in. MAY GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY 
unless that hope is for DACA, healthcare, showing racists that they have no place in this country.....
Good luck!  I like this choice.
Wow - he's black married to a white woman. Jeffie Sessions must be shitting himself!
biggest load of BS I've heard in a while. Trump cares for Trump only. Stop being spineless & kissing his ass. unless you're into that.
Uh, Trump is "committed" to bigotry & greed. That's about IT. And YOU my man are committed to self righteous hypocrisy & gratuitous cruelty.
Oh and your not? Geez read what you wrote!
* "you're"
Stupid auto-correct
Dr. Adams' intellect & experience helped improve the health & well-being of Indiana & we're grateful he'll serve as our new surgeon general.
.@POTUS wants to tackle public health challenges & has sought the most talented med pros. Now Dr. Adams will join them as surgeon general.

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/hemp-inc-provides-solution-president-203816770.html …
Hemp, Inc. Provides Solution to President Trump's Order to Promote Agriculture and Rural Prosperity (OTC: HEMP)
GZ Dr. Jerome Adams! Welcome to the American Family
Whatever happened to your other TOKEN blacks Omarosa AND @RealBenCarson ....
I'm going to enjoy reading to my grand kids about your admin. The most corrupt in history. your grand kids going to be embarrassed. SAD
As long as those people are rich, white, male Christians, right?
- Started birtherism
- "The Wall"
- Ended #DACA
- Banned trans* from military

But look! He gave a black guy a job! So brave.
Well I'm a Christian blk woman & I believe in all of those things! Real Americans 1st! We have ppl here in need, mostly our vets!
Yep, let's kick these kids out who have never known another country/language! It's just what Jesus would want! See how sick that sounds?
We have our own kids here that need help!I am feeding the homeless in my church tonight and many come hungry! Esp. Kids!Am.1st.
Really...I mean really??? U wanna speak about service to homeless and ultimately God yet u want to hand pick those u help? Shame on u!
Really? I mean really? You still believe that Christian shaming will work? That has been so overused it's about like being called racist now
Exactly. Conservatives have changed the meaning of being a Christian. That's why empathy & compassion are out the door. Now it's "me" first.
"There's no evidence the ... bluster coming from the WH has any impact on North Korea; it just makes Washington look foolish." -Toronto Star
No he's not committed to shit.
You lack any compassion and fail to demonstrate any Christian principles. You are a fraud and support a venal liar
Cool. You are not allowed to call yourself a christian ever again, because you support a man who kicked children out of their homes.
I hope he does well. But VP, Yeah, your words are meaningless. We all know it, stop pretending.
So his word on appointing Dr. Jerome Adams r meaningless? Do explain, logic is lost in your idiocy
@potus is not committed to everyone's health&well being, not even his own. VP is lying.
So let's hope Dr. Jerome Adams is? You all form the #Resistance are funny
Lol. So funny. You get the potus is the epitome of the7 deadly sins, right? He'll take us all down with him. But I know, you don't care.
U're right abt @POTUS42 No sin that he would turn away, but fortunately he didn't take us down. @POTUS44 almost did
Just tickles me listening to all of the crybaby losers here. Waaaa waaaa snowflakes. Congrats! to Dr Jerome Adams!
Oh lookie here a brown man how awesome of POTUS to give a brown person a job. Must have been hard for him.
Is he a medical science denier? You know, like Pruitt is to global warming?
That statement is like an Insurance company saying it!  I call bullshit!  Haven't seen a politician yet concerned about anything but them
And im sure Hillary Clinton would have you're best interests at heart if she won right Mr tolerant liberal?
A five yr old would have had better interest in us. Nothing to do with Hillary. She didn't win. Your man boy did. Time to step to the plate
He would FIRE you also to cover his ass Pence,remember that.
Such as kiss ass to Trump!
Pence lawyering up due to TRUMP/RUSSIA INVESTIGATIONS.
Then why is he so fat and disgusting
Why are these loosers in WH ruining America? 
@tahino1 #TheResistance @ChicagosMayor 2020 Chicago is your home
soon to be #liarinchief.  Move over Donnie, this @VP sycophant is gunning for your job. He's sees you do nothing, he can do that!
Cute family. 
Umm health? Trump eats McDonald's and has gained so much weight. Apparently, health isn't his personal priority.
@POTUS needs to be committed is what you meant to say#MOFO
Word of the Day: TrumpRussianConspiracy
AwanPakistanThumbdrive
#racist
That makes no sense. Seek help
After trying to strip healthcare from tens of millions of people, I do not think you have the health & well-being of the US in mind
If you can't afford your own insurance tough . I don't work my ass off to support you.
Congrats Dr. Adams. Ignore racist Regressives who hate seeing a black man succeed without their help. Dr. Carson is experienced in their BS.
Switch the h in health and w in well-being and I'll believe it.
I hope he waits before making any large purchases.
Spiro Pence The most hated @VP since Spiro Agnew .
Are you making a joke?
You theocratic POS. You are going down
@POTUS should BE committed!
#FakePresident #WorstPresidentEver
No the POTUS isn't committed to the people but he is committed to himself.
Matthew 25:38-41   God says away from him   He does not know you
Wow!!  How did you say that with a straight face after trying to take healthcare away from so many!!  You can't stop lying can you?!
Ms Teri... so sorry you are not inform correctly. If you want to pay for someone health, go ahead!!! Not me!!
Gop health bill still targets the poor children elderly (medicaid) & women through planned parenthood.another attack on middleclass & poor
Why does his kid d have that hairdo? Ick
Proverbs 16:3
Commit your #works to the #Lord, And your #thoughts will be established.
Romans 13:3-4
For #rulers are not a #terror to good #works, but to #evil. Do you want to be unafraid of the #authority? Do [1/4]
what is good, and you will have #praise from the same. For he is #God’s #minister to you for #good. But if you do #evil, be [2/4]
afraid; for he does not bear the #sword in vain; for he is #God’s #minister, an #avenger to execute #wrath on him who [3/4]
practices #evil. [4/4]
Why don't you get off your pulpit. Nobody wants your one sided opinion and total overkill with your boring repetitiveness
~I don't know ...I count over 600 "likes" & re-tweets so far in ^this thread^ *only*; so I wouldn't say "nobody" :).
Este delincuente miserable malandro de Trump es una vergüenza para el mundo ser humano sin moral despreciable indigno basura humana
RT @VP: .@POTUS is committed to the health & well-being of the US people & we are confident Dr. Jerome Adams will succee...
The vaccine injured community asks that the new .@Surgeon_General  meets w .@RobertKennedyJr about the CDCwhistleblower &MMR vaccine scandal
Este loco ignorante payaso desquiciado ignorante anciano de Trump le sale es manicomio amarren a ese loco desquiciado violento de Trump
Congrats to "Dr.J" Adams. Let's hope he talks about condoms and gets to teach republicans about how a woman's body works @cynthiamckinney
Incredible BS. @PTUS is depriving people of healthcare, creating unsafe conditions per industrial waste, overlooking illegal drugs, etc.,
The POTUS (Trump) is following the law. Obama is the one that signed an unconstitutional executive order. It is easy. Follow F'ing Law.
3 Years, 4 Months, 14 Days, 5 Hours, 22 Minutes, and 42 Seconds
I'm guessing he's a religious nut like you. Goodbye medicine and hello prayer circles
Don't worry. Trump will find a way to fire you. "You're fired"
The right man for the job and still people cry over 0it. Are you a American or a American't.
Thank you Mr. VP, you also have out backs.
Pence isn't committed to anyone but himself. He's nuts
Cough! Barf! As long as your skin is not brown or black. America should be for everyone but 45 is a racist so White Supremacy rules!
You suck
Really? I question this appointment
Cannot be without comprehensive healthcare. We need ACA. #healthcareForAll #obamacare
Geez people.....racist, mean-spirited comments about a man you know nothing about. I'm fed up with the acrimony.

More pressing matters with corrupt generals, DOJ, and FBI, tis not a swamp but a sewer.
U go guys!
@ABC @CBSNews @CNN @NBCNews @NBCNightlyNews
If you were committed to the health and well-being of the US people you wouldn't try to repeal Obamacare or end planned parenthood funds.
you need to seek the lord
.   You are funny!
I don't know sounds kind a like letting Gallagher being in charge of the watermelon supply
#TrumpHasLearningDisabilities #TrumpIsUnstable #TrumpRussia #TrumpIsABully #TrumpIsDishones #TrumpIsUncompetent #TrumpKushnerCrimeFamily
Trump Russia is an excuse for Mueller Coup de ta, Charlottesville organizer was a Dem just last year + Trump called out both groups day of.
In keeping with the "qualified" people @POTUS appoints, Doc Adams uses Eye of Newt and PuppyDog Tails for healing. Maybe he can "HEEL" Trump
God hates those that bear false witness.
@Potus is committed to the health and well being of the Billionaire Oligarchs...

...Not the #American People!!!

@VP#Corrupt #Liar 
Excellent hire!
I think you meant to say @POTUS should be committed. To a life in prison, that is. You're a monster, too.
#TrumpResign #PenceResign
Support from Arkansas. Good choice
Although Donald Trump is a racist n Nazi lover. U democrats r going to bring about thee end of this world. So b happy with yourselves

Your whole administration is nothing but racist who aren't even that bright. No longer Hillary Clinton threatens you so bad The WH is pre-k
Wow, he nominated a black guy!  How great!He's still a despicable person, who calls his wife mother. Enuf said, how creepy is that?
Yasssss

Must be my birthday, today!  1st Trump backs Dems on budget, and now an African American Surgeon General. Died n' went 2 heaven.
What does ethnicity have to do with qualification unless you're a racist?
Trump is committed to fascism & his wallet.  He's a criminal & worked w/ Russia to scam US election.  He's going to prison & you as well.
POTUS SHOULD BE COMMITTED! HE IS WHAT'S WRONG WITH AMERICA! RESIGN DISHONEST DON YOU LOSER! IT'S MUELLER TIME! LOCK TRUMP UP! LOCK TRUMP UP!
No he isn't. Stop being a Trump spokesmodel and be a man.
Great news! Thank you #MAGA #Trump2020  #DrainTheSwamp


#ACAEnrollment #ACASignup #AffordableCareAct #HealthcareMarketplace #ObamaCare #ProtectOurCare  #OpenEnrollment
No he isn't, and your god will NOT forgive your lying to support Donald Duck Trump.
Haha what? First of all not everyone believes in a god because people are starting to think outside the box...
Is that one of those terrorist fist bumps the conservatives were talking about???
Approve the Dream Act!
Yeah, by trying to screw tens of millions of Americans out of health care?
Probably doesn't believe in immunizations or  medical schools.
Although he is a holdover from your days in Indiana..he appears to be qualified and speaks for himself. Cool.
Trump is devoted only to himself, when are you going man up and speak against the anti-Christ.
It's like a monkey typing. Eventually he's going to do something that makes sense.
You're a racist.
AHHHHhahahahaha!!!!!! So I'm - wait, a racist against TRUMP because he actually did one thing that wasn't stupid?
So that's why deleting #ACA is important?  Reducing #medicare? #sad

Maybe you could give us healthcare instead of taking it away then
Thank you
Are you really confident in anything or anyone Trump endorses?
You're just as crazy racist as your ego driven boss. DON'T TWEET
https://www.mediaite.com/election-2016/russian-politician-seems-to-admit-kremlin-rigged-us-election-russian-intelligence-stole-the-president/amp/ …
are you fucking serious?? Republican health care was a joke. Single PRAYER doesn't count
Snake oil salesmen. All of you.
I wonder if he will ban menthol cigarettes
Nope. Only committed to top 1%. The rest be damned. GOP has always been this way. You throw a few carrots out there to catch uneducated.
you've got it all figured out deb! You go girl!
Awesome! Congratulations.
BULL & WE KNOW IT.
Thank you for taking care of us in the USA
But not health of US people affected by climate change...
Oh why didn't you get Ben Carson?I wish I could make your cabinet picks @realDonaldTrump.2016
Ben is much more qualified!
P L E A S E get us affordable Health Care. Single mom raising my child and making too many sacrifices just to pay a HUGE HCare bill. 
People have so much hate for the president but never any other president like Obama who shot the foreign children in our country illegal
 Mr. VP Pence, Why Do I Have to Die from #Trumpcare ?  Why are you and @POTUS trying to kill the poor, infirmed and elderly? Cruel GOP 
 Mr VP Pence, Why Do I Have to Die from #Trumpcare ?  Why are you and Paul Ryan trying to kill the poor, infirmed and elderly? Cruel GOP 
No, he really isnt committed to any of that.  And neither are you or your party.  Stop lying. We aint buying it!  Piss off 
Pssst....@VP....does @realDonaldTrump know that it is really not a tan on Dr. Adams.....
Bullshit where is quality healthcare?

Amen!!
Muito bom
At last,why are Senate #GOP not doing more to get our nominees through? #FBI still headless;80%of nominees STILL wait while #Senate rests!?!
There's too much color in these pictures... you'r going to hurt MAGA nation's eyes.
What's his Twitter?
Mr. Hypocrite Pence himself
potus is comitted to restoring the trump fortune through abuse of power period
U know what Mike.  Your sniveling IS old.  U and 45 could give a rats ass about Americans.  If you did, u would support health care for ALL
So has @realDonaldTrump resigned? Need to know so I can focus my attention on exposing your Russian connections.
usually that means @realDonaldTrump is about to take something away from people.  What is it this time?
Trump has cut funds to announcement that open enrollment for ACA has changed. Proof he DOES NOT care. Liar.
#ACAEnrollment #ACASignup #AffordableCareAct #HealthcareMarketplace #ObamaCare #ProtectOurCare  #OpenEnrollment
HAHAHAHA HAHAHAHA HAHAHAHA HAHAHAHA HAHAHAHA BULLSHIT.
Support our Great POTUS. I would really like to see all the disrespectful people who are mouthing off to the POTUS be penalized!!

Absurdly sense of humor...
Then support single payer
Wow!!! What looks like a good choice. Miracles do happen.
It's about time y'all put someone BLACK & someone other than your friends in the WH.
**his bank balance, and those of fellow-grasper GOPshites. Killing people via out-of-reach healthcare should be a CRIME in a civilised world

Cringe.
you have hate in your heart and pimples on your back
We The People aren't confident in anything this Crooked, Lying, Racist, Bigoted, Administration has to offer! #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
Jesus, Pence stop sucking his dick.
GOV to spy on people. no wonder zuckerberg gates musk want Slavery/universal basic income  
Propaganda and Lies
Mr VP don't forget the promise Potus and Republicans tall us t people reelection will come we are no More stupid ,WALL TAXES WE ARE MAJORITY
#ignoranceisbliss
