pic.twitter.com/H6jarKYTgM
FYI will help you out.pic.twitter.com/wFoD7TGBoL
I guess with your base dwindling you need all the cult members you can get LOL
No wonder you're full of hate. When #POTUS opens the WH doors to Christianity, all hell breaks loose. So no doubt demons are attacking him.
LOL...So that's the national religion?? Good to know
Did I say that? You did. In a first place, you're atheist and atheism is your cult religion.
Actually I'm a Wiccan...get it right please
Still a witchcraft, pagan, cult, and no wonder you're demonic possessed. No difference, same cult, same power from Lucifer.
thank you the best president
Just arrived at Camp David where I am closely watching the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey, as it strengthens to a C...pic.twitter.com/8ZHcAQ8dgx
Hello
Thank you for all you have done for people being affected by the hurricanes. We are praying for mercy for all. Hoping your place will be ok
Did you "Just arrived at Camp David" 3 or 4 hours ago?
Well done sir! MAGA!!
WHERE WAS OBAMA DURING KATRINA??? LOL. kidding, if only Obama would have done his Job, NK shouldn't have nukes. #kickthecan #DPRKSUCKS #MAGA
Random comma there after Harvey:http://www.businessinsider.com/a-guide-to-proper-comma-use-2013-9 …
If that was the test for your competency, your watchful eyeball was without any influence. That's right. YOU flunked. Again. Ridiculous.
Maybe the next hurricane will hit you.
Real Americans, the native Indians, because this land belongs to them. we just visiting!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why don't you send everyone back to england, Ireland, Africa, and all the other non Americans and give this country back to the
If only we could be so lucky it picked you up and dumped you in North Korea
Again the DOINGS WTF are DOINGS
From the comfort of your luxurious surroundings. Wanka!!
@realDonaldTrump at least you went down there ! You have my support and prayers for Texas#teamtrump
i REALLY HAVE A DISLIKE FOR YOU . YOUR A LIE A THIEF YOU CARE FOR NO ONE BUT SELF
Good
I'm sure that at camp David you are safe
Just keeping working your plan Mr President.
I am concerned about Hillary Clinton not being investigated by the FBI...we elected you in part to prosecute her please see to it.
You suck!
http://www.foxnews.com/us/2017/08/29/florida-professor-who-tweeted-texans-deserved-harvey-for-supporting-trump-is-relieved-teaching-duties.amp.html …
pic.twitter.com/RpKsTTcCBb
Don't ever speak for us Texans. We can handle ourselves just fine. Don't use this as an opportunity to push your liberal opinions.
Good idea - that wind can be a bitch on the 13th dog leg.
What have you done to help?

I hope all the bad things in the world happen to you and no one else.
My dad William D Killen inspected camp David after a fire they had. He is the former Director of fire protection for the dept of Defense.
Top man
So if you new their was a Hurricane why did you not go see the damage?
Just arrived at Camp David where I am closely watching my ass-wind as it strengthens to a Category 3. BE SAFE!http://talkingpointsmemo.com/livewire/duncan-hunter-trump-young-republicans-meeting …
Gutter mouth liberal
You're great
Define Class 3 and you can't ask for help
"Path and Doings"? "Path and Doings"? Did you give up on FAUX news & start watching Romper Room?

https://twitter.com/dabeard/status/902135616518971392 …
The editorial cartoon from the @HoustonChron #Trump #HoustonStrong @Nick_Anderson_ pic.twitter.com/icfBSdFcSo
WOW! Nice work Mr Trump. You showed you cared about the storm in Texas. Now if Obama was in the White House little would be said and done.
https://twitter.com/pnehlen/status/902014463167082496 …
The local news man now...
you've had 58 vacations so far. doesn't matter if it's fake. YOU said you weren't going to take any vacations. that's called a lie btw
pic.twitter.com/aCqowMLgV2
Please try not to pee on any of the furniture or the bed.
#TexasFlood victims start getting your plan together cause this country is not coming to save you. Just that real estate.
What hole you on?
Wow I'm sure the people of Texas are relieved that you are safe at a vacation home watching the weather channel... A++ good #IdiotInChief
Remember you said, "who would leave the White House? I will never leave..." Really? Seems like you leave any chance you get! Resign!
Why go to Camp David? Should have stayed in D.C. with agencies during this natural disaster. Instead, you leave...again! Just resign!
#FakeNewshttp://www.conservativezone.com/articles/cnn-normalizes-antifa-leftists-seek-peace-through-violence/ …
You would think by now POTUS would of addressed the Nation about Harvey. But no.
Prayers to those in Harvey's path...
You got a tv on the golf course have you???
زشت ترین ریس جمهور
You're the POTUS; you're in charge.
How can you only tell us good luck? Seriously?! People have lost everything and even some have lost their lives. Where are you at?
Is it dry their ?
Yes .if everyone do is job .nothing is going to happen .I know the hurricane .one in new caledonia .2 in Australia and 1 in the Bahamas in n
You must have your responsible for rescue these people and order your troopers to do for the security and delivery all foods to them.
more like watching CNN the truth news!
I stand with you Mr. President.
Would you stop with the fucking exclamation points?? It's really annoying
All these "distraction" texts about the weather?!!! We're focused #Russiagate #TrumpRussiaCollusion @CNNPolitics @MSNBC @nytimespic.twitter.com/Docbetq6rD
"BE SAFE!"? Is that one of your thoughts and prayers?
Stay where you are
Thank you for all you are doing
You're an embarrassment. Racist, draft dodger, resign.
@Betty34450500 see he said be safe
Lol
Hope you make it to Beaumont on your visit!
Path and doings? Path and damage...
We will see, because talk is cheap
Thank you, sir. God speed.
In between holes on the golf course?
Enjoy the golf.
more travel more $$$$$ how much has been spent of our taxpayers dollars on all your trips to date and the majority of them for golf?
Another weekend away! #resign
You're closely watching? Did you see this? I hope this is Fake News. This is America and these are some of our most vulnerable.pic.twitter.com/J3HRAzPieb
Gardasil is still on market why? Does our government want us all to die or something?
Never realised "doings" was an actual word!!
Thank you Pres. Trump for your quick response . God , knows you are a good Steward of our land . U R using Gods Plan .
WAS THE NURSING HOME ON TV A MANDATORY EVACUATION thats unbelievable - wow ! We get rain run off in mts-why tx needs infrastructure mooring!
Seriously? Rubbing it in that you're so concerned about the hurricane victims that you're on vacation?!
Doings? Really? #idiot
If you would keep your cake hole shut we wouldn't be worried about high winds
How can u watch so much TV? Don't us have better, more improtant things to do? And you should be in the WH. Stop wasting money & time.
While Texas prepares...you go on vacation---again
"Watching the path & Doings" = "don't call 911" #TrumpResignpic.twitter.com/813VguVQjt
Can somebody please explain to 45 that he can't control or order the weather and hurricanes to go away like he does people.
Gosh, all the way from Camp David. Must be hard. #WorstPresidentEver #bareminimum #garbage
You helped Arpio far more than you help victims of the hurricane. #trumpstheworst
... "doings"?? Delete your account.
You're at Camp David because you blew through your Secret Service budget? Is that right? Secret Service now in a trailer outside TrumpTower?
Whatever dude
pic.twitter.com/BHCZpNmWcj
pic.twitter.com/dDmUBArwyn
pic.twitter.com/d93oSH8UVA
That you PT for paying close attention.
Love you prez... Trump all the way
@realDonaldTrump, whatever happens to "Good Luck?"
u too Mr president stay safe
God Bless You Sir! Thank you
What in the world is going on at the White House? You fire Gorka because he insist on using the term "radical Islamic terrorist" come on!!
Closely watching the devastating damage of Hurricane Trump. We the people are asking the Government to step in & Impeach! Category Infinity
Again? #sandboxlesson 4 one kid doesn't get to hog all the shovels and dumptrucks aka resources. Show that fiscal responsibility u spk of
Do you have to leave WH every weekend? Something wrong with it?
you aint monitoring nothing. you trying to figure out who to lean on to keep your guilty ass out of jail, hope you like pink panties
And tweeting
You are a travesty.
you are also trying to wreak havoc in the US before you are either impeached or arrested. Just saying.
Get a life mr. Bone spur
Up to 18 cancelled events at ur low class resorts as people do not support ur racism and ignorance Stay at camp David Please don't come back
I guess one good thing, ur at Camp David, not at one of ur tacky low class resorts ripping the American people off. Loser
"The doings"? Wtf?
Can't pass legis. Only thing you repeal is your staff. Take away services by exec order with no replace because u hate Obama. RESIGN!PLEASE
ProActive!!
Could you be further from the place you should be protecting whilst still being in murica?
Oh no! Another crisis that you didn't see coming because you don't listen to advice. Better run and hide at Camp David again. Useless!!
How much "real" Holiday/family time do you actually get at Camp David? (Just a Nosey Brit!)
We're watching your "doings" too.
Doings? I thought those were things a dog made from its butt?
DT needs his ass whooped how Mayweather just whoop Conor McGregor's ass..
Trump thinks the C3 hurricanes is fake news.

Good luck
When do you work?
You're doing a horrible job as president. You're making america worse.
As White Nationalist Nazi in Charlottesville Fired his Gun , Police ‘Never Moved’https://nyti.ms/2w5trI6 
Is this Baldwin or Trump speaking? Why do I laugh when I hear these words?
Another vacation for the vacationer in chief. A true hypocrite in nature who use to love to point fingers before and now is much worst
LIAR
Your away at CAMP!!!
After a 17 day vaca where you "worked hard" tweeting ... you go to Camp David for a retreat 5 days later. Very Presidential #golf4days
Hola soy latino.
Wouldn't look good to go golfing would it.
We'd be safer without you.
Watching tornados! Pray God passes His Hand over Texas to calm the storms.
I'm Donald Littlehands. I traveled another 3 million dollars instead of staying in the White House. I don't give a damn about the budget
But if it goes bad who do we blame? Of course not you. Your blameless in everything aren't you!
Finally a president who gives a f about americans

God Bless the good folks of Texas and Lousiana. May they all stay safe. Thank you for signing the Disaster Declaration for Texas so quickly.pic.twitter.com/lEvpI465rQ
http://bit.ly/2tGwr9u 
