pls quit!  I voted for you and it was a terrible decision on my part!!  Pls quit and make America respectable again.
@Trump_Regrets @realDonaldTrump so many people from India voted Trump unlike other minorities They want to be white so bad.
Very proud of who I am @ReelLiveFilms.  Voted for him bc of tax's.  I'm sure that's something you do not understand.
100% agree that we must stop payin every1's way & let them stand up on their own hind feet. They export r jobs & steal our $. #MAGA #Stopit
They are; they do.  Trump lies.
I guess we need to be reminded periodically of how pathologically uninformed and ignorant you are.
President Trump you are absolutely correct! It's time for other countries to start paying their fair share. Keep up the great work!
No. Just more lies from Trump.
Have faith my brother! MAGA
...vast sums of money to NATO &amp; the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it...
Hell No.
Thank You President Trump, Drain or Hang the Swamp people, Both parties have to many Leeches. Putem in stocks and let kids thro tomatoes.
Pull All military out of Germany place them on Both Borders.
It's a Huge waste, I was there as a private in 1967. Billions of Our dollars.
You are embarrassing the USA! What is wrong with you!
What a STUPID TWIT!!! You need to learn how things work before you open your STUPID PIE HOLE!!!
Germany is a key Ally. You don't threaten them in order to get a few million dollars out of them

Lock him up..............and throw away the key!
FAKE PRESIDENT
Right on.  We should not be covering a higher percentage than any other country, particularly not the ultra prosperous.
The American people are paying for the powerful and very expensive defense it provides your wife to live in NY.
when did NATO become mercenaries?
countries don't pay money to NATO ..  Grrr.   They promise to fund their militaries to % of GDP.  Details..
putting the squeeze on NATO members now? What ails you?
Please go away
first president in decades to stand up for USA rights.
Soon enough @realDonaldTrump, soon enough... "I am not a crook"...
Tweets like these are why you lost.
Nope. That isn't why I lost @miniDND, but thanks for trying!
Awesome! Please keep doing the same stuff over and over again and expect a different result. I believe Einstein had a word for that.
He called it "Trickle Down Economics."
This week, @realDonaldTrump has attacked two of our strongest allies. Still won't criticize Russia. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/843090516283723776 …
"I'll take Things Putin Would Want Me To Tweet for $100, Alex."
Thanks to Hillary Clinton for improving our global strategic position. 
http://mobile.nytimes.com/2015/04/24/us/cash-flowed-to-clinton-foundation-as-russians-pressed-for-control-of-uranium-company.html …
@HarlanCoben @RVAwonk
.@StarLordInfidel @HarlanCoben @RVAwonk ...DT is an embarrassment and a jeopardy for America
says the guy who was dangerous to America.
.@StarLordInfidel @HarlanCoben @RVAwonk UNBELIEVABLE. DT liked ur tweet. Donnie, if u don't know it yet, Aby was GREAT and u r a CLOWN
oh for god sake will you read something and get accurate information. Having an illiterate president is an embarrassment
so ... is it your goal to piss off all of our allies, or only Great Britain and Germany?
Mr. President just do not tweet take actions and use your negotiating skills with Germany
http://thefederalistpapers.org/us/exactly-why-anti-rich-leftists-need-to-look-in-the-mirror …
.@realDonaldTrump That's not how NATO funding works, but speaking of actual "vast sums of money" being wasted…
.@realDonaldTrump Germany is second largest contributor to NATO's shared budget–and US's NATO spend goes toward our global military strategy
please remember that we spend over $400 million per year on our military bands.
this Stat ends many arguments.
By some estimates we spend more on military music bands than on NATO @stevelaredo @realDonaldTrump
fine but trust me, you don't want to hear an $11,000 tuba
put down the phone, and just relax
Peki Abi.
You, Mr President, simply do not understand allies and diplomacy. You embarrass and humiliate us. Get a grip or resign.
People cried when President Obama was first elected, people rioted and protested when u go eleceted and 3m voted against u
Subtweeting your most important ally is no way to manage a relationship upon which global security depends.
Problem with Rule 1. He is incapable of rational thought. He just reacts.
You do realise NATO was America's brainchild? To stop Russian proliferation? Or are you now OK with that, as Putin's mini-me?
Nevertheless, @realDonaldTrump is a horse's ass. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/843090516283723776 …
and your not a ass lol WTF
The US is not directly paid by Germany...it's called "common funding arrangements," which means everyone contributes #focus
So you're trying to extort protection money from Germany? When you owe what used to be your soul to Deutsche bank?
how about not spending so much on going golfing every weekend.. or is that were you meet your Russian friends?
.@realDonaldTrump how about you pay for Melania to be guarded in Trump Tower? It's a vast sum
maybe he can't afford it.  Security costs  will exceed the $150 mill earnings
In the first few months.
.@realDonaldTrump @oppstn What was it like meeting with the leader of the free world?
No, sweetheart. NATO doesn't pay its members. That's not how this works. @realDonaldTrump https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/843090516283723776 …
I  you Caroline. I really do.
#deepstupid
Instead of America first, you are quickly turning us into America ONLY.   There r few countries left you haven't insulted!
more worried about the "vast sums of money" taxpayers pony up for you to golf at Mar-a-Lago.  Not right!
Don't forget "our"  . . ."homeless" !!!!
NATO is not a scheme to funnel money to the United States. This is high school history stuff, Mr. President.
Most American citizens do not know this, they also dont know IRS  & FED is owned by IMF and IMF is owned by rothschilds etc
Neither IRS nor FED are owned by IMF.
the only time NATO has acted defensively it was to defend the USA after 911
That did not happen.
#ImpeachTrump he afraid of powerfull women 

#StillWithHer @Geraldanthro @amoine @amjoyshow @joslynn070583 @tahino1
lmao Trumpsters are crying. We should give them a break their lives suck right now they were coned lol
Bahahaha! These morons cry so easily. Watch out I would not want to hurt the dumb dumb's feelings 

#RepealAndReplace #BuildTheWall #POTUS #WeThePeople #DrainTheSwamp #AmericaFirst #LockHerUp #Flamingos4Trump #Breaking
#TearDownThatWall  #GoldenShower #DesperateDenials #GuiltyLikeNixon #Jail4LittleFingers
Well done mr.Trump at least Germany will pay for something!!!
No. Lied to again by Trump.
That is not how NATO works. Let your Defense Secretary school you about world affairs.
sxxs
courageous to tweet this after Angela leaves Washington...disgraceful cowardly conduct.  An embarrassment in the world.

That is correct.
You do talk complete shit.
Take what you owe to US citizens and we can think about Germany! #Bill #honor #respect
U seem sad that most smart ple consider Merkel the leader of the free world. She has brains, u at best bullshit
You once again show you don't understand the basics of NATO. Or Diplomacy.
This is a lie. Once more you demonstrate you are unfit to be President. You disgrace the office.
Not how NATO works, bro.
If Russia and the United States get along well , less problems in the world.
Sounds like the new leader of the world really got under your skin. You are our most worthless president.
and the US owe literal FUCKTONS to the UN. You first.
Head up your butt ... Can you even breath?
ufff
THEY JUST PRETEND SO THEY CAN GET SOMETHING FROM YOU AND I GUESS IT IS WORKING LOOK AT YOUR AWFUL STAFF THE BEST LEAKERS
Stop using my money to play golf EVERY weekend. #notmypresident
You don't care about anyone but yourself and your family
we don't get paid by other countries in nato
are you ever going to understand how NATO works? Countries don't put $ in some account! Don't pay US! Read about it!!  DUMB
or we could not do it and save waaaaaaay more money.
its time for you to read the history of the country, not to know the past is not to know where we are going read read read
Defence against whom?
You've said too many ignorant things to keep track of, but this has got to be one of the top 5.
you are telling a pacifist-state to spend more on defence, that is crucial to the US' role in Europe? Seriously learn!
you should go back to school and take Government 101
I feel for her- it must have been incredibly difficult for her to maintain professionalism
You tweet this AFTER your meeting? You didn't have the balls to actually to speak about this while you had her there. WEAK
your so wrong for America. You think that pushing the boundaries in relationships the way you do is a game. Wait and see!
Clueless. Go back to HS to learn about NATO.
you can't help yourself dearie. You're just a poor wee immigrant with no logic to your name.
Not true!
learn how NATO works before commenting.
Angela Merkel made you her bitch last week. Way to Make America Great Again!
If it wasn't so serious that you actually don't know what NATO represents, it would actually be hilarious.
The U.S. debt to China is $1.051 trillion, as of January 2017. Why don't we talk about that?
Mr Pres fact: EU thru low birthrate has chosen not to pass West Civ to future generations = Islamic state by 2050
for once I agree
They'll pay it when Mexico pays for that wall.
you insulted enough during meeting, funny all our allies who fought with us Australia, Canada, Germany you insult, defend
Germany doesn't owe the Nato or the US anything. And you should have shaken Merkels hand! Rude!!!
Pleaaaaaase... Pick up your clothes, your weapons and leave Europe ! Our trash can is already full !

Germany owes no money; you don't know anything you should know.
YES...WE FINALLY HAVE A GREAT PRESIDENT WORKING FOR THE PEOPLE OF AMERICA...GO PRESIDENT TRUMP, IN GOD WE TRUST WE WILL WIN
@couldovfooledme and the two of you are still clueless about how NATO works, but hat nothing new.
You are the opposite of Robin Hood, you take from the poor and give to the rich. Are you building a gas chamber too?
Pretty sure Germany has helped the world more than many concerning the migration crisis.
our military opporates under I.O.U.s? IF WE CAN'T AFFORD WAR, over Healthcare, our wounded warriors have less hope at home.
This I agree with we made it to the moon and stopped!
that's not the way NATO works! You have no knowledge of this? You're fired!
go and get some education  before trying to talk smart!!!!
Ask someone to please explain to you how NATO works.
U don't even understand NATO! U make it sound like having to pay the mafia (the Russian mafia, if u like) for protection
make twitter great again
Germany is our ally.  You are nuts.
No one owes the USA anything. Ea country pays for their defense plus sm $ for common offices and programs.
Did you know that NATO money does not go to YOU? What do you get for the Israel money? They get paid to be your friend.
complete fool
Learn to use commas!! And saying that Germany is dependant from US for defense is ludicrous.....
buy me a yacht or ill tweet about our night in paris
I spoke to a woman today that has medicaid. She got a letter today that says she has to pay for her coverage. This is Al.
do you intend to offend world leaders (excepting Putin) or just stupid?
sounds like that meeting went your way  pissed off because she wouldn't let you grab her?
now I am thinking you are just sad.
Haha haha stupid asshole
Then close the bases in Germany!
NATO members don't pay dues to the US. What kind of s businessman doesn't know the basics of finance 101?
are you president or clown???you stupıt!!!!
You should become familiar with how NATO works. You are embarrassing yourself and this country. Sad!
wow, 81k idiots actually retweeted this false information...
give it a rest    these things take time. from your big supporters
HEY FAKE POYUS-RESIST
you need to do some reading on how NATO is working, ask Fox to have a show on it do you can watch/learn
Germany's defense is our defense.  I would rather fight them there than here.
Can you not open your mouth without lying?
We're sure you'd rather dump tax payer $s covering your business in Florida ever weekend.  That's fraud, waste and abuse!
NO WAY - LET THEM PAY FOR THEMSELVES.  THIS IS GETTING RIDICULOUS   WE R BROKE.  JUST KEEP DOING WHAT U R DOING
We have bases in Germany to protect our interests also. Our protection of Europe ultimately keeps our own country safe.
...vast sums of money coming into Trump's pockets from Putin and Russian oligarchs. Must be paid back by lifting sanctions.
how is it possible that POTUS is ignorant of NATO rules on security payment requirements?..I fear for our country
If you weren't going to shake Angela Merkel's hand, you should have at least had the courtesy to grab her pussy. #Diplomacy
What money does Germany owe us?
You were VERY VERY RUDE to Merkel.  Germany powerful ally.  try to not screw it up.
that's not how this works. That's not how any of this works.
You do want Germany  as an ally don't you.  You realize that they are on our side now. All you care about is money.
, was Nato not created to "keep Germans down"?
READ THE AGREEMENT!
NATO doesn't give us money dude. Try reading the owners manual before saying shit.
you like every middle school kid needs to do their homework
Wrong...
FACT IS TRUMP OWES MILLIONS TO DEUTSCHE BANK AND THAT'S WHY TRUMP FIRED  PREET BHARARA FOR PROSECUTING THE BANK. #BadTrump
