Did you call them rapists & drug dealers & ask them to pay for the wall too or is that just for Mexico?! Plz resign Sir.
Monsieur Le Président,
Merci pour la sauvegarde de la paix dans le monde,pour la survie de l'humanité.
  Que Dieu vous bénisse
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJ1PDsD26zyK4FD6NeBtoK6SXUz09y94FTOv00/ …
TRUMP CARD http://270.COM 
It was my great honor to welcome President @JC_Varela &amp; Mrs. Varela from Panama this afternoon. … https://...
Beautiful! Happy Birthday President Trump May God Keep You, Protect You & Bring You Great Peace for All Your Doing to Save US-All! Thank You
did you ask his wife that she's in a good shape too? while Melania's next to you
I'm not going to stop can you get me my help
President Varela, this is American's degenerate president
BFD.
I hope President Trump reads this.  Shame on ALL of you who disrespect the President!  You want division in this Country?  WAKE UP AMERICA!!
Shame on Trump for disrespecting our Constitution!
Shame on u for participating in dividing our Country+disrespecting our Commander in Chief-The President of the United States!  Shame on you!
you embarrassed yourself with Panama Canal comment!
And to try and take credit for something done 100 years ago!  You sounded so dumb again! Keep it up!
I like the decorations,the picture frames it looks very attractive finally someone has class and glamour in the Whitehouse. POTUS,family.
*honer
you embarassed the poor man by ignoring pres???s. probably left yet another non-DJT fan.

I hope the Secret Service checks presidents of earwigs.
Yeah the Panama Canal is running smoothly. Got ya 
I My President
 Varela got you good with that "100 years ago" comment.
And that was a bit awkward, wasn't it?
Too bad it wasn't their honor to meet the Liar-in-Chief!!!
What about the others being held?
Why do you 'Trump' look like a wax doll?
And yet you don't know when the Panama Canal was built.  Sad.
Nice to see him make fun of you, lolol! 
Really?! The Panamá Canal is doing great?! 
Did you catch President Varela laughing at you about the Panama Canal? Has anyone told you what was wrong with what you said? It was bad.
Never laughed so hard with his Panama Canal,45you are the laughing stock of the world
President Trump gave credit to America for its part with the canal, and not to himself, Jules.  Whose dumb? Not the President.
The previous Secy of State and StateDept. committed crimes that no American should be able to get away with.  Sessions, investigate.
President Trump, in fairness to Americans the many crimes of the previous administration's IRS, FBI, etc. need just punishments.
You have no honor.
Cuidado con esa rata presidente Trump

You don't have any honor Donny. If you did, you would resign.

Hey Donald, when you've sorted out America and are done being president, is there any chance you can be England's prime minister?
Have you finished building the canal? 
I need help
Great another DICKtator like you.
WRONG! @CNN @ABC @CBC @nbc @BBC @marcorubio @nytimes @washingtonpost @LAHT @latimes @LVidegaray @mauriciomacri @EmmanuelMacron @Univision
Once again you embarrass the nation with you ignorance, ready to resign yet Donnie? You'll look nice in an Orange jumpsuit.
You were trying so very hard to claim the success of the Canal. Boy did he bust you.
Since you don't have any honor perhaps you should stop using the word.
YOU ARE DOING A GREAT JOB. NEVER DOUBT THAT. .
Double, double toil and trouble; 
Fire burn and caldron bubble. 
Cool it with a baboon's blood, 
Then the charm is firm and good.
-Hamlet
Welcome sir
Congrates
And your contribution to the canal was what?  Oh the same as it will be to the wall...nothing!
You suck
@POTUS @jk_rowling @RoguePOTUStaff @Rosie @GeorgeTakei  @Alyssa_Milano @POTUS44 @SenKamalaHarris @SenWarren @DebraMessing
Are you going to sell them bombs too so you can make money your royal tangerine fuhrer
Whoever this is, get off the President's account.
- A very poorly prepared President SMH ! I can't believe he represents USA #POTUSTrump #panamacanal
- Im curious do people really think a wall is going to help with Mexico/Central Americans illegally coming here?
Are you taking over the panama canal, are the bases coming back to Panama?
Melania looks pregnant in that blue dress?.....
Don't forget to shake hands.
Nice one
Who built the Panama Canal? Where is Panama? Ask Eddie Van Halen.
A unique welcome sir!
U suck.  Not one piece of legislation has been passed
yoyo
How many Panamanians lost their lives building the Canal
Crook.
yah. the panama canal is doing well.. you dumbs. We built it well. 100 years ago. why are YOU taking credit for it?
Yes and talking about building the Panama Canal, 100 years ago!
That's where putin hides most of his money !!  Did Valera pass on the secret message from Putin ?
Panama a home for off shore hidden money and a canal. Certainly a good guy to know?!
Ignore the Twitter Trolls Mr President. The liber/left cannot fathom their loss, to Your ascension, to the Presidency.Thus, they dither  
How's the Panama Canal working out? Great work you did on that. Great work. Very great.
screwed the pooch on that meeting.
He is fake. Traitor, lier, thief, cover up Mossack Fonseca scandal on Panama papers. scandal Obredech
Not good, look at fake Feely face
Not a good move
Mr president please stop allowing muslim refugees from coming to our country. They are making cities inside of cities spreading sharia law
How come you didn't take credit for operation Just Cause same time you did for the canal??
Mr. President Trump are you going to help the people with their disabilities I'm concerned because I have a disability and I have EPILEPSY
when is the time for African leader  to be welcomed in the whit house President trump?
Did you squeeze 18 in?
Maybe your staff should give you a history lesson before you open your mouth and put your foot in it. President Varela, 1.  You, 0. Ha ha ha
You like Panama because they have a "TRUMP Hotel". Hmmmm
Of the Panama Canal
Thank you sir.
And you took credit for the 100 year old Panama Canal... oh boy. #UnfitToServe
You'll have to share how you built the Panama Canal. Dumbest 'small talk' I've ever heard.
I feel bad for your Mr. President.  U were a so much better person in the 1990's. Now u cater to the worst of this great nation of ours. Sad
Yeah but I met him first - last year at Tinajas restaurant in Panama City.
To bad he had to remind you the canal was built 100+years ago you fool!
And once again you embarrassed the nation. You look like a sixth grader at his first middle school dance. Pathetic.
who wants one of the best hats in the world, heck look at their sunscreen
make the panama canal great again, they have the best national anthem, thanks to Van Halen
make the panama canal great again
Did you talk a lot about your huge election victory, massive inauguration turnout, ample supply of words? Or was Panama mentioned?
Beautiful wives congratulations @JC_Varela @POTUS @FLOTUS
Stop tweeting
Is it true that you personally dug the canal by hand?
Awesome Mr President 
