The reason there are refugees from those countries is that the U.S bombed them, sanctioned them, or sponsored coups
Send them to California
and the last terrorist attack in France was someone from Egypt!
and?
is that the only thing that you care about.
Hey donald, I made this for you
Maybe we should take a lesson from Germany??? Immigrants there commit less crime than citizens...
You *ARE* aware armed toddlers kill more Americans annually than refugees... right? Maybe we can deport them first???
Do they do it on purpose?
your doing a great job Pace yourself this is going to be a long hual.
Mr. Trimp, you lost the pop vote by 3m. Majority of US hates you. You've the lowest approval ratings EVER. You're. A. Joke.
Are the other 28% little orange men from Uranus?
набежали обама виноват
Hillary lost the popular vote, check your fact if you can handle it.
After ladies toilet is opened again after cleaning, 100% ladies enter the toilet. Coincidence?
That is because refugees become refugees in places of war, and those are the country’s at war
72% of refugees admitted into U.S. (2/3 -2/11) during COURT BREAKDOWN are from 7 countries: SYRIA, IRAQ, SOMALIA, IRAN, SUDAN, LIBYA & YEMEN
It's so sad that even in a democracy, the people just cannot have their say because of pathetic politics!

You caused by stopping the flow: Line backs up, court reopens, bigly line coming in again. No mystery-just fear mongering.
And your point is????????????
wtf is wrong with you dude? Holy embarrassing batman!
Refugees are not illegal immigrants Don.
A smart American knows about the Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees.
So what's your point? Do you even know what a refugee is??
And the courts weren't "broken down". You were checked and balanced for a THIRD time.
And you mean "COURT DOING ITS JOB WITHIN THE CONSTITUTION" by the way.
from someone who served immediately after 9/11; not from your country...you're delusional. You have no idea what it takes.
by court breakdown you mean defending the constitution and the ideals of our founding fathers?
COURT BREAKDOWN? Isn't that when they pick up the basketball floor? Unfairly! Sad! Ivanka, kiss Daddy in the special place.
How many were terrorists????
1 somalian born has been terrorising their track team for years @Mo_Farah
hahaha yea i know! I laugh so much when i have friends and family hating on somalia then i remind ....
Them about people like @Mo_Farah or even @amirkingkhan and the story changes hahaha
same with Andy Murray 
im happy to hate on khan all day tbf not a fan
Reagan ended problem when he ordered a present  to Gadaffi's little sister. US was perceived as weak, they killed Steven.
yet non of the afformentioned countries have caused terrorist attacks in U.S. And still you stay silent on Saudi Arabia
Those countries have better presidents then U.S!
REFUGEES. They'e been through the rigorous process of getting refugee status because they're in danger, you monster. @realDonaldTrump.
Aaand, what's your point? #dumptrump2020
false. Fact check
where's the no nonsense outsider I voted for? Why did you get the biggest insider as your COS? He's undermining your agenda
@Trump_Regrets @realDonaldTrump So hate to tell ya Jared... But trump is a fraud
TALK ABOUT BREAKDOWNS! HOW ABOUT DAT SICK BREAKDOWN IN EVERY IMMOLATION SONG EVER! MAKE DEATH METAL NY AGAIN!
makes a bit of sense like a backlog of people from there would be entering, no?
Canadian mum turned away at the U.S. border control, she was asked about her views on @realDonaldTrump https://twitter.com/ajplus/status/831055569574260736/video/1 …
We can turn away anyone! For any reason!! Coming to America is a PRIVILEGE not a Right! Get over yourself 
wow...
it's a fact 
ok. But why are you so angry?
I'm not angry. I find it obnoxious people think it's their god given right to enter this country. It not
ok. We've always been friendly neighbours, surprised I guess. Have a good day...
Being friendly neighbors has nothing to do with it... 
You have a good day as well
Refugees typically hail from war zones / persecution
.wow
Yes, because those are the broken countries where most vetted REFUGEES would come from, as opposed to visitors/immigrants.
Please tweet SOMETHING that lets us know you understand this very important distinction.
Also, you lost the popular vote by a lot.
Seriously Pop vote does not matter do you even know why our founding fathers have the Electoral college in place
and 3 major cities will not be allowed to determine our election.
But the majority of the country should. The winner-takes-all model subverts democracy.
how much of NY city and LA and CHicago depend on govt handouts? Educate yourself-rest if the country tired of it
actually NY is the 41st, IL is 45th, and CA is 46th LEAST federally dependent state. https://wallethub.com/edu/states-most-least-dependent-on-the-federal-government/2700/ … #fact
terrorists have killed a total of 94 Americans in the US, but 11,564 are gunned down yearly our own people. Go after them!
good point but u left out the victims of 911. Yes, still lower than from US.
That 94 # is those killed in the US by terrorists since 911 & more are killed by US gun owners than 911 + 11,000+ yearly for past 16 yrs.
Saudi Arabia the source of terrorism why you don't of travel ban ???
Trump called Haiti, African nations "shithole countries" in meeting with  lawmakers: report #ThursdayThoughts #NationalMilkDay  http://hill.cm/AG5Zpr8 
DUH!  That is where the refugees are from.

"@thewatcher23579: One of Paris terrorist came as Syrian refugee. Donald Trump is right again. BOMB THEIR OIL - TAKE AWAY THEIR FUNDING"
You fucking #Moron. These countries are WHERE WAR IS OCCURRING!
A lot of people from these countries been working as doctors, professors, scientists and businessmen for years in America.. you cant just ignore that! They contributed in making America one of the best countries! #refugeesbuiltamerica
#RefugeesBuiltAmerica Refugees efforts can help create jobs; raise the productivity and wages of American workers; increase capital returns; stimulate international trade and investment; and boost innovation, enterprise, and growth. Well, are refugees still all that bad?
Not all refugees are bad people Mr @realDonaldTrump.

I hope someday you'll join us
And the world will live as one
Not all muslims are jihadi terrorists but ALL JIHADI Terrorists ARE muslims!  Name one Christian member of Isis Al Quada Al Shabob
scary since we have no way to vet them
no we dont. Comfirmed by nsa and fbi. No vetting. No take of the hijab this is America where you have rights
there is no vetting process. This was again confirmed by NSA and FBI. Sorry.
now take that hijab off. This is america. You are not oppressed here. Hijab Is anti America
I will not last 42 months.
The majority were not.
LOL   The orange is sweet on the inside, thats why, try a pumpkin.
And not one of them has acted as terrorists.  The Saudis....well another story.  Good they are friends of yours.
There's no intergration of Islam and any other form of beleif sysrems. Help patriots @ home, they should fix their own contries respectively
72% of refugees admitted into U.S. (2/3 -2/11) during COURT BREAKDOWN are from 7 countries: SYRIA, IRAQ, SOMALIA, IRAN, ...
Calling @POTUS to stop #RegimeChange in #Syria
Sign of the times 
and yet none from the countries involved in 9-11..you know. The event that made Trump Tower tallest in NYC that you bragged
So you're (wrongly) saying "refugees" are necessarily evil. Does that include the Mayflower Pilgrims?
because they're trying to get away from horror!


This is what you should be worried about, not refugees but US based #Terrorism Not #immigrants but #Guns & the #NRA #Facts
Give these 7 countries the addresses of those crooked judges

wait... The refugees are coming from war torn countries?!! We must stop this.
Those 7 countries do not have proper Gov vetting for passports & original documentation
It's all about vetting
And there has not been an act of #terrorism by a refugee EVER. Why is that so difficult to understand. #RefugeesWelcome
Show me any evidence of this happening in the #USA. We worry abt this more than those killed by guns in USA.

Never happened and you have no proof of it. Would have been covered in NYTimes.
Not happening now. Fake news. Read for a change. #factsmatter http://nymag.com/selectall/2015/12/dearborn-muslims-protested-isis-and-then.html# …
If you want to reduceviolents deaths in America, do something about the guns. More Americans killed by people with guns.
and only one of those countries attacked us and that one didn't even make it onto ur travel ban so what the fuck bruh?
@potus  Prove it!
where did you get these numbers? Same place As the 47% unemployment rate or Murder rate highest in 47 years? Sad!
My Man! I see your efforts, I see those fools opposing your clear minded moves. Power to you Sir and the Real  AMERICANS !!
.@realDonaldTrump Maybe u should build a wall along Canadian border! If terrorists get into CA, they can sneak into U.S.! BAN NOT ABT SAFETY
maybe you should build a wall around your house and never come out?
poor Donald.
deport them as soon as possible President Trump...thank you sir..
-- And how many in the last decade have been processed as hostile? Come on! Stop the BS.
pass executive order that all federal judges that let in refugees will be personaly liable if crimes are commited by them.
you killed an 8 year old girl among others in Yemen.  you must be so proud.  FAIL!
And zero Americans have been killed on US soil by people from those countries. @realDonaldTrump
We have every RIGHT to deny entrance to our country to foreigners.  It is OUR country! Courts are WRONG.
Sources? What are your sources? Without sources YOU are the perpetrator of FAKE NEWS!
you will be the reason for either a civil war or the start of WW3
STOP TELLING LIES!!!
GET rid OF Priebus now HE is the snake biting you ON the chest
YOUR FAULT
: Mon,Tue d New Executive Order banning entry of people fm these nations didn't come? Is d chapter closed ?
@POTUS They have been properly vetted unlike your (not) ban & cabinet. #NoBanNoWall #noglobalgagrule #ShePersisted #MAGA
yes because they are looking to escape the very things you fear they will bring
refugees are from war torn oppressive countries you dump ass, hence they're seeking refuge. Where is your sense of decency?
and how many of those committed terrorist acts here in America? 0% you fear-mongering shitbird
get them out of America? Get them out and get them out now please?
how many came in?
Thank you to the judicial branch & free press for limiting your dictatorship. #ImpeachTrump
can we stop bombing them and help build their country back up. That way they wont need to come here.
#Mr.trump. خیلی دیوثی. توهم مثل بقیه روسای جمهور امریکا شکست میخوری چون خدا با تو نیست

Show me the STATS. The real ones Sir !
Right. None of those countries produced a terrorist attack. But Saudi Arabia...how many hotels do you have there again?
They're only here to destroy America
Tell us the average vetting duration for those refugees.
and 72% of how many? C'mon Mr. Big Brain on Brad... Predict how many terrorists there are.
you are the worst president the United  States has ever had.
they have to take advantage of the situation while they have the opportunity, it's called slipping through the cracks.
haters...... That's what crooked Hillary looser are...haters
This is a scare tactic. We're talking about less than 1,500 refugees during that time and none came from Libya and Yemen.
Can you mobilize the guard here in California to help with the dam issue? Army Core of engineers?
please view this refugee clip - true humanity @realDonaldTrump
How many from countries you do business with?  #fakepresidenttrump
#youlostincourt
What the you know what? Is it 72% or the 77% that you tweeted about yesterday? Better have Bannon the Bozo check his facts!
Muslims don't separate Religion from Culture.  Sharia Law dictates what is appropriate.  Not reason or fairness 
99% of all fake news comes from the primate Trump... Do the math bonghole
Please include Saudis in ban
Not surprising considering they know what is coming. What were the stats last February?
What's your point?
When anyone (including Judges) act in manner that endangers America and/or Americans; it's treason & must be charged!
You need to rid your executive branch of radical partisan activists.
who ever worked on your executive order may have knowingly caused your crisis. The A/G who spoke did a setup job too!
Get educated on these terms: refugee, immigrant, undocumented immigrant, criminal. They are not the same.
So what? 100% of the traitors installed into the federal government since January are Republicans - deport the  all
If vetting is appropriate this should not be a problem, correct?
Don't believe you #DonnieDorko. You spout errr tweet #FakeNews so often nobody believes you. #PathologicalLiar. #TinyHands
you gave all the above countries arms and dragged them to war.
@BlackburnRuth
@di8285502 If there is a breach of migrant laws, just blame that stupid Judge Robart.Real nincumpoop!
BULLSHIT! Provide a legitimate table that proves the percentages. Most of us don't just "take your word" since YOU LIE
Great news, if it's true.
If you were like previous POTUS ignore laws, ignore judges & congress! We know Islamic terrorists are coming in too. Insane
That is really sad and a possible attack on the US will be the fault of the liberal judges.
but they didnt attack the WTC. Your friends did.
makes me angry
because you scared them!The radical islamic terrorists come from totally different countries,problem if you don't know that
and??
it seems its OUR national security putting us at risk via you and Flynn with russia If Flynn stays we know you involved
it's funny how the majority of tweets following are from trolls and snowflakes.
yeah, because they're refugees
100% of the current US President is a bell-end.
a country is in peril when the measures of its national security get measured against the questions of convenience
More bullshit. Are these 'alternate facts' from the same woman who  who plagiarized from  Obama for your wife's speech?
oh, grow up, why don'tcha? Stop making up threats where none exist. Stop lying.
This is a lie
And I think you mean by DEMOCRACY...NOT "COURT BREAKDOWN". READ THE CONSTITUTION ALREADY!!! #LiarInChief
Yes. Countries that have never attacked us with terrorism. OH MY! What will we ever do? Criminal Trump. Liar Trump.
@angie_cooks Yeah, the refugees are a real threat. Nice job compromising natl security at your tacky resort last weekend.
And yet 0% of terrorist attacks from 2001 until now originated from citizens of those countries.
GEE ...all the countries we've blown to hell. Countries that don't have nukes. CAN YOU SEE A PATTERN??!
Trudeau displayed professionalism, class and dignity. Cant say same for SCROTUS. #scrotus
why is this America's problem?
I guess we now need a wall on the Canadian border given the 40k Syrian "terrorist" that entered in 2016.
my president please don't allow mayor Hogsett turn our city of Indianapolis into a refuge city for illegals# HELP!!!
illegal need to be stopped
And therefore what? The vetting processes for ppl from these countries already v strict.
Fantastic! we are a country of immigrants.
Yo dude, can I get your source? lmao
This is a blatant lie.
U might as well give up on a muslim ban donnie old man, the American majority, the States and the courts will defeat you
Mr. President, thank you for working on behalf of the American people. We're watching and cheering you on!
Please save Alberta from the invasion #savealberta
Democrats are always on the side of the lawless, the illegal immigrants, and refugees from terrorist countries.
Why aren't you worried about Saudi Arabia, UAE, and Egypt - all countries involved in 9/11?
Good job Mr. President!!
Your actions have consequences @realDonaldTrump
#Trump moves spark Iraqi Anger, calls against future Alliance #Iraq 

http://www.naharnet.com/stories/en/225365-trump-moves-spark-iraqi-anger-calls-against-future-alliance … @Naharnet 

well let the state deal with the crisis if it happens, servers them right! No FEMA for them,
HAVE THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE START DOING THEIR JOB AND START PROSECUTING THE CLINTONS, OBAMA, AND THE MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD
wonder why?
is that even English. What are you trying to say? #moron #SCROTUS #POTUS #POS #TrumpImpeachmentParty #TheResistance
It is the courts fault......
I'm just proud of you that you used a percentage between 0 and 100.  You're improving!
LIE , SO that doesn't make them a terrorist. People vetted for 2 years. Asked Rudy Giuliani how to keep muslims out legally
thank goodness! You're breaking up families and destroying American lives!
