No, no, no! No fake news--just a fake precedent.
NOBODY LIKES YOU ANYMORE!!!!!
This would be a great time for someone to post GIF of drmpf shying away from the eagle. Apropos for every occasion.
You're  a parasitic hair ball in the overall scheme of things.  The only thing you've brought back is stupidity and a limited vocabulary
FAKE NEWS is a horrible reality of our times. Right there next to your "alternative facts".
How i am not surprised 

with everything that goes on 

In the White House
bing bong  bing bong
@IvankaTrump  Checkout Archived shows Chicks Radio I talk Trump andMaralagoClub not fake news on.
http://www.weinetwork.com/ 
why do you have this compulsion to take direct credit for any and all positive news?  Warranted or not!
Straight from Hitler play list,  still got that book on your night stand?
More awesome coded news
You are so going that way What were you thinking you had to know that you couldn't do this job You tell people not ask EGO
Our BBC biased broadcasting corp who has to have a law to make us pay for something we dont want or go prison #NotMyBBC
trump is fake and has to go
Your like the Billy Mays pitchman at a political level...But with more twitter followers.
Well, actually, many Americans don't trust top CEOs bc of their paying low wages. #Amandasplaining
Sir, you are supposed to be the PRESIDENT. The President is a TEAM player. It is not about you having bragging rights!
tillykke med det nye job 
Thank you President Obama.  Your efforts on jobs and strengthening the our commerce industry will always be appreciated.
-  
.@realDonaldTrump Since you raised the issue of Fake News: https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/business/media/trump-fake-news.html?smid=tw-nytimes&smtyp=cur …
trump Because Your such a liar,we just look up the truth. Google it fool,you had nothing to do with any of those company’s bringing jobs back. Don the Con we know exactly who you are.
Liar!!!!
love to see that your ego hasn't suffered at all!! 
Lie after lie Donald 'flapping lips' trump.
we know Mr President, don't let them get to you, stay positive and focused and presidential. You are doing a great job!
No one cares dude, stop posting nonsense. Why don't you actually go fix something that matters. Can't wait until you leave.
wait what about alternative facts? I'm confused
Liar
No they didn't.
Lol lol lol  you're pathetic
# what a relief to have someone like you speaking for the working class americans
I hate to be the one to tell you Trump the world does not revolve around you
I advise you to meet with leaders in person. NO phone. you never know, who really you are talking to.
fake news is telling people that country of origin pays tariffs. Wrong! Consumers pay. Tariffs hurt the economy.
FAKE NEWS:Only 1 of 10 americans are screaming "FUCK YOU DONALD!"  We have IMMENSE crowds scraming it.  The BIGGEST crowds.
tariff is tax. consumers pay taxes as it's rolled into price. Mexico doesn't pay tariff. US consumer pays. No more taxes!
@POTUS The level of hypocrisy on the left is stunning!
me me me!!!    Bahaha.    Are you 10?
No such thing as fake news.  We have a fake president.  will you take the blame when things go south?
all ID and nothing but.
I watched CEO on TV say it was definitely due to their conversation with President Elect Trump.
Do you realize these tweets make you look like a narcissistic fool?
You need medication.
Save my job in oakdale Pa
You are the biggest fake president
ONCE AGAIN, ALTERNATIVE FACTS"  We didn't have to ask them they debunked you in their own interviews.
Talk about fake. Show your taxes. I'm thinking you won't because you have something to hide. You lie more than anyone
yes you are right
lol, sure Don. Your involvement was yuge, yuge!
Put your phone down and do your job!
You are fake news. You invented fake news.
You really believe it's because of you? Wow, just when I think you can't get more self-centered, you prove me: WRONG!!!
of education and clearly preyed on the old brain washed decrepit uneducated citizens of the United States
Damn...you are really out of touch with reality! Here is the truth from the CEO's,
fake,  you are fake orange man...
Ford lie
Toyota lie
Saving 2,700 jobs lie
You do know we can check this out ourselves
#Pleasegetaholdon the mainstream media lies we at sick of it 
those companies had the wheels in motion for that long before you stumbled into office after losing the popular vote
Pompus...
Get a brain!
I wish YOU were fake news #fakenews #FakePresident
Stop lying. You didn't even pay all the people who worked for you. If you create jobs, stop firing federal workers.
Why arent you bringing your business' back? Japan,Russia, other countries. Why are you employing them and not Americans?
Coming from the guy that said The National Enquirer is a credible news source.
fake news alternate facts when will it stop ?? like Honest truth more double talk we need facts accurate reporting&spell <
Go Mr. President Go!!!!
Trump on!
:. You got help from Vlad old buddy!

I don't think you going to read my reply message...
Hey mr. Trump don't worry about them God got your back Iam with u all the way
Fake News? Sounds more like "...I reject your reality and substitute my own!"
you'd know ALL about fake hey Donny? P.S. That shade of orange went out in the 60s and it's time for a new toupe. We know!
KEEP GIVING REPORTS FROM THE OVAL OFFICE.AND LIKE FIRESIDE CHATS. and we know what to believe.,not fake news
Lies, lies, lies
Wow, you are such an amazing guy (at least in your own mind)
You signed up for this. Grow some skin. Presidents will never be in a positive light while they are in the office. Grow up!
lies lies oh wait alternative facts ..lol
=Didn't give me credit for something I didn't do. Will call them FAKE thousands of times, then, the dimwits will believe me
. @realDonaldTrump John 8:32 "Then you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.” #trumplie #propaganda
You should never wage a war with someone who buys ink by the barrel. You need the press more than they need you.
you work in circles that the press has no access to. So they think the worst and put out fake news. People eat up spectacle
#pixoritdidnthappen
Why not ask CEOs who brought jobs back? They don't seem to be happy with you claiming credit. All you gave is tax breaks.
you are the fake and bad news.
It's not FAKE NEWS it's just ALTERNATIVE FACTS!
ThanksObama! U saved us from a Depression and brought back MILLIONS of JOBS,&U didn't brag on each one-like a certain
phony
they were asked they say not because of you and we know already its all fake news unless it's good for you loud and clear
I doubt that ANYONE has EVER "came" because of you. Ever. Ever ever. It can be faked, you know. Like your tan.
I don't believe you, @realDonaldTrump.
You lie too much.
and every time you denounce something, I make sure to give them my money...
I swear your mom must never have told you "good job" and "I love you" you are so insecure. You need psychotherapy.
@FredaPelroy GoodPOTUS! We believe you and trust you!
Funny how you're OK with spreading fake news ala Obama's birthplace, but not real news when it's not suiting your ego. Sad.
Dictators try to stop media which does not suit them. Shameful you are not a baby to cry about this!!
Stay strong President Trump
Sure---FAKE NEWS = anyone who refuses to kiss your ass----#EnemiesOfThePeople
Uh huh...
Lyin' dirty Donald
And ur penalties on them. This Country no longer has freedom.
Donald, read the news releases from these companies. The media is merely quoting what the companies released.
I want to believe you
But you picture the media way too much
They always FACT CHECK YOUR FAKING NEWS 
They produce evidences too N URS?
you are fake news you're not real I'm in a nightmare I will wake up in four years and it will all be over with
Please ignore distractions and don't respond or react to detractors so much. Instead, just move forward with your plans.
So speaks THE EXPERT ON FAKE NEWS. Yep, the Emperor's new clothes fit JUST FINE....
Companies KNOW that pretending old US jobs are new will get Trump to focus elsewhere. #ShortAttentionSpanTheater
liar
You're gonna be busy getting anything done if you always defend yourself from every single negative thing about you. Aww...
->isis must be destroyed. The fascist regime of Ashraf Ghani must be replaced. Regime & inner circles support the Taliban.
yeah right, dream on dude!
Tiredcof you Fsjllake Nees statements to cover you ego!
If it happened before you were in office it literally had nothing to do with you.
not everything is about you
just because you don't want to believe it doesn't mean it's fake
Right! Couldn't have been the $$$$ you bribed them with that you now have to make the people pay for in other ways.
No, it is not fake news, it really did have nothing to do with you.
you probably paid them
no. Not because of you. You are a puppet of the billionaire boys club.
you're fake news
Please please please cut your hair. That comb over swirl around must be six feet long by now. Trumphumper Sad! #nastywoman
Why is *everything* "fake news" with you?
The way you are behaving makes it sound like you are going to stop the press you don't like reporting the news!!
You can't just make it so because you don't like something and Sean Spicer get some guts and stand up for something..
.. Seriously grow up.  Your the president of the United States. Get a grip!
Sure they are opportunists who will prey on the workers you will screw and the taxes they will NOT have to pay. WE WILL!!!
Oh sure, I have them on speed dial. Try not to ruin our country.
#egomaniac
so...GM dumping 2k jobs on 1/20...must be "because of you" too?  Or is it only the positive you take credit for?!?!
leave Trump alone and let him do Run this Country he will make America Greater then it has been in 8 years

all you??not again...don't you remember what our therapist said?
I was wrong to suggest I can change the global economy. These are just business's PR stunts to look good. #TrumpIsUnfit
If you don't like fake news why don't you stop posting from Breitbart?
winners don't make excuses, they win.  You are a looser.
fake like your #faketan?
wrong
@mikesmith8026   Folks reporting opinion as fact. Nothing more false than that. We all have opinions,doesn't make it news.
Why do you lie? You had nothing to do with ANY of those new jobs!! What a joke you are!! So, amusing!
 ur annoying
The Media,part of Illuminati,lie,lie,lie. This has all to do because of Trump. Give credit where credit is due.
your twitter is fake news
this is worded extremely poorly
how many jobs have you saved? 2,000, maybe 3k in total? Big whoop, you want a cookie or something?
bla bla bla bla bla. All the same lies #trumpleaks #StrongerTogether
#takeDTtwitterhandleaway
don't forget that Chuck at meet the press. Boycotting.  Oh yes. So disrespectful.
stop patting yourself on the back Donald start running the country you were a CEO now you're the president do something
such a pompous, arrogant, conceited, spoiled brat!  THIS is what America has to endure for 4 more years!

ohh, yes!! Everything revolves around u& emanates from u; u r god
And all the prices will go up. You just eliminated me buying a car, getting an AC unit, or travelling by plane. Thanks.
Id say all big company's will come back now they have a real man to do business with now not a wimgnut
Liar Liar pants on fire
trump lies daily. He is the source of fake news
so, w/ your logic, if a company decides to leave the US, it's b/c of you. Can't prove either scenario canonically can we?
a business man such as you would know these decisions require months of analysis. As usual u r full of crap
