Was that 'fake' or 'negative'  / ;0-when one practices to deceive,,,err what-
Figures the President's personal attorney would also b a liar!  U r going down in flames!  U might want to save ur own butt!  But then again, u went to the worst law school in the U.S. and u provably don't know anything about the law!  SAD!
How about Italy??
(THREAD) BREAKING NEWS (h/t DM): TASS report confirms Konstantin KOSACHEV—the man the STEELE dossier says secretly met with COHEN in Europe in summer 2016—was in Italy either right before or…
"The Italian trip is the most intriguing because it places Cohen in the Schengen Area: a group of 26 European countries, including the Czech Republic, that allows visitors to travel freely among them without getting any additional passport stamps."
Show us the other passport, the 4-year passport. What a liar you and #trump are.
Me Too. #FakeNews
That's the funniest picture my liddle fixer has made. Only the most ignorant and stupid among my base don't know that there is no border control inside EU countries.

#FakeAlibi nobody to stamp your passport if your drive across the German border
S C H E N G E N     Z O N E. NO PASSPORT NEEDED, IDIOT. THERE ARE OTHER WAYS TO TRACK YOU. DUDE, WHAT IDIOT WOULD HIRE YOU AS A THEIR ATTORNEY? OOOOH THAT'S RIGHT.... #schengen
Hi Mr Con. I mean Cohen. Was just wondering how nervous u r lately. Interesting u only have 3 clients & yet u still have never been in a court house 2 actually work as a lawyer. I'm guessing ur pooping ur pants about now. GOOD cuz what needs to be done is to LOCK U UP! & then #45
You don't need a passport to go to the Chech Republic from Germany. Someone should ask Michael if he's ever been to Germany or the Chech Republic 
 http://m.dw.com/en/what-is-the-schengen-agreement/av-19036811 …
You can basically travel anywhere in Europe without à stamp once you've landed in any country there. Even for american passport. 
A fixer ? Lol
Michael D'Antonio, one of Donald Trump's biographers, assures CNN:
  "Cohen does not know where the corpses are
He himself buried a package "
  Michael Cohen often repeats that he "would take a ball" for Donald Trump
Prosecutor Mueller would have evidence that Michael Cohen would have gone to Prague. The lawyer allegedly took a flight to Germany and then joined the Czech capital.
Tick Tock
I have one of those things too!
Mikey Mikey Prison Wifey!  This last #Mueller move checkmate!  Better watch Putin needs Trump not you. Putin not a fixer a silencer
I found this in Prague. So weird. #fakenews
That's a lie
How about Vnukovo, Sheremetyevo,  Khimki, or Moscow?
Prague-nosis is Prison
Sean Hannity and Cohen, criminal conspirators?
People forget it’s not uncommon for people to have more then one passport and they use them for different trips for a specific reason. @MSNBC @maddow

How come this damn administration and all the bottom feeders around it lie every day, all day, and even on Sunday! Blah! Roll on him so we can move forward please! Save yourself!
I never had sexual relations...with that woman...
Once you arrive in the EU, you can travel to any other EU country. You would not get a passport stamp for travel from Germany to Prague.

Polygraph report shows that’s a lie
how many lives have got ? More than 1 obviously
Maybe rather than just showing us a pic of the cover of your passport book, you show us all your stamps? Cuz the stamps don't lie... But apparently you do.... For @realDonaldTrump
Uh what does the cover prove? Nothing the stamps are on the inside as we all know.
This aged like fine milk. And it’s too bad, because this picture was definitive proof that you found a picture of a passport.
But you've been to Germany, right? Isn't it true that if you take the train or the bus from Germany they don't stamp your passport upon entry to Czech Republic? A young hacker hiding in Bulgaria told me that once...  #TrumpCrimeFamily #Conmen #Traitors
Yeah right.  We believe you!
Sure. We believe  that. Wink wink.  See what a tier 4 law school gets you? A thing called trump. Happy now?
The outside of a passport book tells us nothing do you think we’re fools most of us have passports as well..
And I’m told you can have more than one passport
It’s possible but I’m not sure it’s legal
Is It Illegal to Have More Than One Passport?
It's not a crime to have multiple passports, but if fraud or identity theft is the intent, then of course, there are criminal and immigration consequences.
Yes, Anytime fraud or criminality is involved all bets are off...
I just got back from Italy.

I hope you get an uncomfortable cell when they lock you up.
Prague? Me? Maybeeeee
Lmfao! Such a kidder... 
We know, Michael.
Keep fighting the good fight - we're with you and our @POTUS!
U all have the same situation!! Ur lips R MOVING UR lying! U r nothing 
but toilet paper for Captain Dipstick!!! R U worried NOW Cohen!
Do you know how travel in the EU works? I went to Prague in the Czech Republic, and five other countries, all in one trip, all my pasport shows is arrival and departure from Copenhagen Denmark where I flew in and out of.
So a picture of your fucking cover to your passport  proves?
Oh yeah that checkerboard plad abomination you wore out in public 
You already know that shit is ugly.
Everytime something like this happens it generally to cover up something bigger and far worse that’s been founded in the Obama Admin or Clinton corruption. Our gov’t has been polluted by the previous 8yr liberal term. Someone needs to run Soros out of the country.
Michael Cohen knows he was NEVER in Prague!! Mueller Deep State want to believe their own lies!! They NEVER learn!! Leaking like Sieves!! =Desperation!
Dude! Anyone who’s been to Europe knows they don’t stamp passports when you travel between countries... you have to ask for the stamp! 
#NeverBeenToPrague #FakeNews
I have, and my passport wasn’t stamped either!
Missing a treat Michael great for stag weekends 
I can post a pic of the cover my passport and claim that I have been to Prague. It doesn’t make it true. I believe you as much as I do your boss. #ThatsNotAtAll
You moron posting a picture of your passport proves nothing
This did not age well.
Yet you told wsj that you were there in 2001...which is it liar liar?
I was in Prague and have no stamp on my passport because we travelled by rail from Vienna 

The cover of your passport and lack of a stamp really proves nothing. You only get a stamp and need a passport to travel thru the EU if you go through customs.
Okay sure.
Wow, a picture of a passport... ok, I’m convinced!! 
Busted! Trump only hires the best. ‘Never been to Prague, see?’
I love when old tweets bite you in the ass.
Better call Saul!
Haaaaaaaaaaahahahahahahahahahahahaha
I went to Prague once in my life #fakenews
Dude you need to get a proper lawyer, I wouldn't suggest any of your alumnae either 
How does a closed passport prove anything?
You should visit. Prague has a rich collection of historical pre-USSR architecture, great restaurants, a robust night life and an amazing symphony. Oh wait. You have been to  Prague.
This aged poorly
Guess they grabbed that Israeli passport you had in your safe deposit box. And you do know that every European train station has a shitload of surveillance cameras, right?
I have never been to Prague in my life #Fakenews
You choosing to do the dirty work for @realDonaldTrump
Lol. This tweet aged well.
Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha!
Lets see the passport page stamp of you in Germany the days before you traveled to Prague without needing your passport, you Fucking Spy.
#lifewithoutparole
Uh huh, sure.
You are in so much trouble.
No one deserves it more.
You know they keep record of your flight regardless of how you got yourself there right? Oh Michael you remind me so much of The Bluth family Lawyer! #MichaelCohenBeenToPrague
It's like he forgets were not all illiterate trumpfys who can't read or know you can travel by bus/train through many countries w/o using a passport!
Even my dog knows that!
#ImpeachAlready
This didn’t age well, did it Cohen?
Had this been a year ago ... but since it came out about Paul Managorts multiple passports.... your denial is t so credible. 
Ok.  I believe you, Micheal.
Wow. A picture of the outside of your passport. That's as convincing proof as the pictures of Trump's inauguration which proved more people attended than Obama. No wonder you are such a lousy, FAKE lawyer. Sad!
In the form of a question, please.
YOU probably don’t need a passport. Sociologist Brooke Harrington’s interview on podcast Hidden Brain, ep “Filthy Rich,” discusses rich people who don’t acknowledge borders. They could forget their U.S. passports, & it wouldn’t worry them in the least.
Please keep tweeting.
Me either.
The best evidence ever, I present exibit a, b, and c. He is totally innocent.
But in January 2017 you told the Wall Street Journal that you hadn't been to Prague since 2001. This was in defense of the allegation that you were there in 2016 colluding up a storm. Turns out it was a shit storm. And it's headed right for you and .@realDonaldTrump.
Anyone can get a replacement passport
your just as much a liar as your boss. lol
I’ve got 2 of them. BFD! 

Open it up to every page!
I have never been to Prague in my life. #fakenews
this is the best timeline
Oops, did you “forget” that trip in 2016? Maybe it was in your other passport. Interesting thing, now that your lie has come out, it proves that the Steele dossier was true.  What else have you lied about Michael? I bet Mueller knows.
No disrespect bro, but what does this prove exactly?
Yeah sure, you haven't been to Prague like you didn't pay off a porn star. Oh yes that's right, you did pay off a porn star!
Show the inside #Traitors
Did you say Prague? Oh, funny story....
What about prison? Have you been there? I don't mean to see a client, but being locked up.
Maybe you used Trumps Passport!

I don't get it...you're just showing a pic of a passport and you expect us to take your word for it?
Possible to get to Prague, without going through Czech Passport control, if you fly into Prague from any EU country
Lol. I thought lawyers were smart #fakenews but they are good liers.
Fill a bath tub, go diarrhea in it, and drink the whole tub of liquid.
Piss into an empty bottle and drink it.
Can I get a rimshot for this Fascist traitor who worked with Russia to hand Trump & the GOP the election against the will of the voters...IN PRAGUE.
Must’ve used plastic or hit an ATM. BUSTED!!!
The outside of a passport — even if it is yours — does not actually provide travel history. Surely as a lawyer you're familiar with what actually counts as evidence?
Well isn't this tweet
Ron White:  “I had the right to remain silent....but I didn’t have the ability”.
This Tweet isn’t going to age well.
I have never been to Prague in my life. #FakeNews

I have never been to Prague in my life.
Are you jewish??
I assume this isn’t being stated under oath. You’re still in “say anything” mode.

You won't need a passport where you're going but I think you may find this helpful
Guys.... seriously.... i’ve never been to Prague.
Then why did you tell The Wall Street Journal that you haven't been to Prague since 2001?

Also, you passport won't tell us if you were in Prague or not - NO PASSPORT is REQUIRED to go to the Czech Republic if you enter through Germany.

Nice try.
Well thanks for clearing it up
Wow... watertight evidence. The jury rests.
Wasn’t there a Three Dog Night Song, “I Have Never Been to Prague”? 
My daughter went to Poland through Germany in 2013. Guess what? Poland was never stamped on her passport. Your pictures prove nothing.
Hey, @MichaelCohen212 did you know your law school was recently voted the worst law school in America? Geez, you might as well have gone to Trump University!
Last time I checked, a picture of a passport is not proof of where someone has been.  But keep speaking to your boss's base, they aren't the brightest.
#ETTD dude. You're history.

they've got you, you know it. #LyingWontStopIt
I love how his proof is a photo of a passport cover. These guys are so fucking ridiculous
So, you are a liar too. #TheResistance
So, that's the cover of a passport.
Open it.
32,000 people liked this lie. People, next time a Republican says something is “#fakenews” it means they are not telling the truth.
#resistance
Hey, it's that guy that went to Prague!

wtF? dummie!
Wel it not open anyone can make and get a passport
Ah, the cover of a passport. I guess that settles that question. Nothing to see here, then. Move along.
I've been to Prague... OMG, IS THAT A CRIME?!
#SaysWho gtfoh lmfao
I have never been to Álfheimr in my life. #fakenews
The passport doesn't even look used. You must be incredibly neat or it has nothing inside & you travel no-where
I have ever een to Rague in my life. #fakenews
I too have never been to Prague in my life. #fakenews
Oh that Prague.
That doesn’t mean you don’t also have an Israeli passport.
You should delete this before people catch on!
How does your passport cover prove that?
Looks like you have
Does the front of your passport say that?  What’s the point of this picture?
...do you want your lawyer?

lmao I still can't believe he posted this
Wait how does the outside of a passport embolden this statement? 

It’s like saying “I’m a vegan” and then posing an image of a spoon.
Showing me the outside of your passport proves exactly nothing, other than you took a picture of a passport.
Let’s see them stamps, Mikey!
Isnt there a European Union? Does he th8nk ots the 1980s where they stamp every boarder crossing?  Only place u get stamped at is where u land if you enter E.U.
RATIO MR LIAR

"I ain't ever been to Spain, but I kinda like the music" —three dog night 
Does David Dennison have a passport too? #CohenRaid
Mueller makes Joe McCarthy look like Mother Teresa, Sad!!
How many passports do you have and from how many countries?
I have never been to Prague in my life. #FakeNews
“... oh! That Prague? Oh, yeah, I been to *that* Prague!”

Don’t protect him he has so much shit just speak up truth
Looks like you have been to Prague .. owned
Hahahaha
Let me see the stamp section.
Hahahahahahahahah this aged well
Apparently you got in via Germany so didn't need to get a stamp on the passport so... no stamps means nothing in this case.  So, what was the name of the small town RIGHT near Prague that you went to at that time?
Except when I went to Prague.
Lay down with dogs, wake up with fleas.
Do you want to re Czech that?
We stand corrected. The front of your passport clearly indicates it has not been to Prague. Brilliant!
Oh..... Prague......
Wait a minute .........
Prague.......... Hmmmmmmm
Says who? Says Robert Mueller.  Lololol
What a nest of lying snakes in the WhiteHouse! It seems that one lie leads to many more to make the first one beleivable & so on leading to thousands like we have from this administration,imagine how many will be told if he lasts 4 yrs. @cxs
Of note, the FBI would not pay Steele $50,000 when he couldn't verify the claims in his dossier.
that looks like a brand~spankin' new passport! Lose your other one? Plus ya cain't tell a book by lookin at tha covah!
I have never been to Prague in my life.
