Who told you that? I thought you had NO TIME to watch TV (or take a break from your golf..) 
That's called grade inflation. But of course you wouldn't know, your grades were bought with ill gotten money: screwing contractors.
Done nothing on the border. Helped roll back important Great Recession business regulations. Carrier sending jobs to Mexico. Golfed a lot!
Late night mental breakdown (again)? 
#useless #LiarInChief #crookedtrump #RussiaGate
don't forget all the scandals! 
Man you'll believe anything they tell  you
Lie
You get an F on everything
He must be an idiot too
Speaking of Fake News
Thanks A lot sir.
Lou KNOWS what's important about my six MONTHS of fake-DRIVING but REAL BEEPING. =TRUE! #beepbeepinmytrumptruck #vroom
WOW - @POTUS* give self sole credit but if we read through previous tweets he suggests it's a hot mess that he blames on all others but him.
Just got back from the golf course, I see.
So you're tweeting garbage. What do you think Bob Mueller is up to?
Hint: what he does best.
12 years leading the FBI under a Republican and a Democrat. Well respected by basically everyone. 

Good luck. You're going to need it.
Live look at Donald Trump.
Lol your the minority WE are the majority.  No more free. Get a job or don't. Your move sweetie
Lou Dobbs fake news mouthpiece for the fake POTUS.
As you rip American values from the very foundation they are built from. You should be ashamed but you don't have the ability to care.

That's absurd. You're a failed president and a failed administration. A giant mistake in America's history. But it good so must be true.
Who the heck is Lou Dobbs?
Both delusional you've done nothing!

He who loves correction loves knowledge, but he who hates reproof is Stupid. Trump hates reproof. CNN,MSNBC,NYT,WAPO all real.
Do you ever get tired of looking like a crackhead?

A++
Lou Dobbs is one of the few reporters that speaks truth.  He works hard to expose the hypocrisy of the left.  Love him and @seanhannity.
FOX is legally, an entertainment network. Those guys aren't reporters.
Go away
good for you, bet that feels nice!
And my mom for saying as long as I try my best, I'm the best
Lulz
It's true because it shows you in a positive light. Hypocrisy is your strongest quality. You're woefully lacking in every other department.
Yes! You'll need that strength in prison. Pardons don't work for state law. 
Nothing says Christian like a good old-fashioned threat.
Echos of a CINO.
Are you tired of winning yet Mr. President?
Leave God out of this
You are not doing too bad , the stock market is still vibrant , it's the stock market , not polls that we need to see , why ? Impartial
Policies takes time , just don't messed up the stock market and you be fine ! Policies , bills , trade initiatives takes time !
Heard of  the saying ' more haste less speed ' ? 45th !
Be meticulous , precise , not fast !
huh?
Lou is the man!
Nothing you just said has anything to do with your administration. It has everything to do with the legacy of Obama's administration.
3 Years, 5 Months, 27 Days, 16 Hours, 36 Minutes, and 20 Seconds
Until my SECOND term!
Hell no..
Wacko Trump at it again

Lying Fraud Artist

Failing at POTUS

Toronto taking down Trump trash brand
Harry S. Truman:  “The Buck Stops Here”

Trump - “I’m not going to own it”

about Americans' health care
Trump on "No Cuts to Medicaid"

#TrumpCare = Disaster for Medicaid!

Trump Lied
Trump sabotaging health care 
Closing call centers
Cut sign up time in 1/2 -45 days
Using taxpayer dollars

Trump running misleading ads 

Sabotaging health care
Trump Plan
#TrumpCare - America won't have "luxury" of seeing the bill first
Doctors, nurses, hospitals + patients groups all OPPOSED to #TrumpCare
As the wife of a Dr. I call bullshit! Dr.s are not getting paid enough they spend less time with patients because they have to see more!liar
OK @POTUS is working. When are the babies going to wake, pull up their huggies and get their butts to work. SAD
Work with us God bless America
Thank you to President Obama for creating the economy that u are thanking credit for..
Lou Dobbs is one of the last people in the media that tells the truth!
The left is armed with conspiracy theories, fake dossiers and crowds of crack-pot protesters. We are armed with the sword of truth!
The market is a real-time report card of the President's performance. The stock market (which has no bias) gives President Trump an A++
Maybe the liberals can turn the charts upside down and pretend that the market isn't going up
Thank you to @LOUDOBBS for giving the first six months of the Trump Administration an A+. S.C.,reg cutting,Stock M, jobs...
Damn that Opioid problem is worse than we thought!
Work with us huge drug cartel stings work with us help us clean up America text us thank you God bless you God bless America
JOBS JOBS JOBS!!
AMERICA IS WINNING AGAIN!!
MAKE AMERICA WEALTHY AGAIN!!
Virginia has a guy named Corey Steward running against Tim Kian for senate! He is a Trump supporter, I hope you will come support him for us
What is with Trumpers and insisting Trump is responsible for economic growth caused by continuing trends of Obama's policies?
Those markets are responding to Trump deregulation of businesses ! Obama had absolutely NOTHING to do with that!
The markets are folowing the exact same trend that thay have been for the last 7ish years they've been following under Obama. Trump has...
done nothing to alter the market gains we have had under Obama in either a positive or negative way.
Who is this peckerwood giving the orangely an "A" for his term in office where the frig is Luther
That is truly ridiculous
Averaging, still, at about 5 lies a day (that we know of so far)
So Doc, you link stories from the NYT and WaPo?!?  North Korea's state-run newspaper is more credible.
No, those are worse
You seem to be in the same category
Yet trump still runs to nyt for interviews.  
Like Erdogan, he only tolerates the media when it says good things about him
No ! Have you watched CNN lately? 6 people on a panel (all Trump haters) if this happens or IF they find what IF what IF what if stupid shit
Huge Campaigns nationwide 
Who the fuck is Lou Dobbs and why should we give a rat's ass about what he thinks?
Love Lou...
Repeal and don't replace that socialized healthcare and you win again
Apart from one Supreme Court nomination and getting liberals/independents worried, what has he accomplished so far in your view?
He has made the VA accountable,he has opened our energy sources , he's has cut illegals crossing down 70%.he has passed 40 bills& 40 orders
Thank you for answering. VA is messy and will take more than ease of termination to fix. Energy industry grew exponentially under Obama.
Yeah you must be trying to impress someone else with lies! Obama killed coal in Va! Under Democrats we suffer so save that noise snowflake
Obama not coal-friendly, I agree. (I think we need to move on from coal.) I was referring mostly to oil production:
Oil ! Trump opened all energy opportunities where Obama shut it all down! Our gas is less than $2 and coal minners are back to work
REAL NEWS: LOU DOBBS and Fox News are Trump's supporters.
No? Are you sure? Hmmm
Your breaking Obamacare now you want our help I voted against you I vote no again guit messing with the bill it broke cause of you
All bullshit!
Like he's a legitimate person to make this report card for you....Lou Dobbs is a nobody and only a nobody would give you A+. Dunce more like
Can we see the rest of the report card from Angry Old White Men School, @potus @realDonaldTrump?
@loudobbs?
Equals FAKE!  Trump hurts Americas!  Time to dump the idiot!
Yeah!  Another loon thinks you're fine. How'd his track record against the CBO?
Obviously fake news. Can't believe anything you tweet
I say you should've gotten an A++ You were robbed! But, you got the popular vote, right?
Kushner will turn on you-just ask his uncle! #ImpeachTrump hey at least you like orange!
Tell that to the 64% of Americans who think you're doing a shitty job!
@jeep_sifu @LouDobbs Webster's Definition for Collusion=Every demtard that opens their mouths. #DrainTheSewer n #MAGA
What a sellout Dobbs is
President Trump I appreciate what you have worked on as promised no matter what anybody says . God bless and keep you safe
You don't even know what truth is.
De-Lou-sional.
More fake praise. Sad

Of course you get an A in killing the environment and helping the top 1%; what about the rest of the country? You haven't created many jobs
Did anyone actually understand what Trump was trying to say???
Hey look it's @JacobAWohl with his Brown nose to defend his leader. 
You RUMP get an A+ for being a pathological liar.
I give you AAA+++. You are the BEST PRESIDENT EVER. FULL STOP.
Please stop touting SC nominee...that was a stolen gift McConnell hid under his cloak for 9 months!!!
NOT FAKE NEWS: A top Wall Street strategist said Monday that "investors have reversed between 50-75% of their Trump trades."
If Lou Dobbs said it, it must be true. Sarcasm off
Really? It wasn't an A++++? The best grade in history of grades? No one gets grades like you, let me tell you.
Another incoherent rant. Lay off the drugs and alcohol Donnie.
Did I miss something?  We have a border wall?
You have accomplished more in six months than the past two administrations! #wearewatching the new Republican Party is here to stay!
It was so cool when you insulted Obama, a former boy scout, and swore in front of children at the event they were forced to attend!
POTUS SHOULD FILL ALL EMPTY ADMIN. GOVERNMENT POSITIONS WITH RECESS APPOINTMENTS. NO CONFIRMATION NEEDED.
Denying climate change...?
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahalmao
You sure watch a lot of TV... lots of updates on WH staff working on self-preservation #ITMFA #25thAmendmentNow #OrangeClown #Hubris 
You actually get a AAA+++ from me but not all the republicans, no healthcare and they are out!!!!!!
Yes thank you Lou.  Keep being right and fighting the fight.  Much love to you from a real NYer that gets it meaning state not city
Baaaahahahahahahahha
Just goes to prove how stupid Lou Dobson truly is
Can you actually call me or anyone a racist apart from emotional hyperbole? Honest and serious question
Yeah I've seen a lot of u trump's post.
That's not proof of anything. It is evidence of what everyone knows you believe. This goes here.
Wow
A+

#FakeNews #FakePresident
A+?! More like an F-! You haven't done crap except whine, complain, golf, blame Dems, cry fake news, and worse!
I would drop it to an A- for you being an absolute jerkoff
Oh sure that's not a biased opinion  funniest shit I've read all day
Oddly comforting to hear that Lou Dobbs is still alive, let alone working. Nobody's listening, though. Kind of a vanity thing, eh Lou?
FAKE NEWS!
FALSE!!! There's your #fakenewsfakepresident
FAKE NEWS!!! You are so delusional!!! #ImpeachTrumpNow
We the people give our President and A-+
Total asset forfeiture.

ahhahahaahahahah A+ hahhahahahaha, you, sir, are a joke.
HE IS THE BEST!! . Sean Hannity is great too!! 
Very True!!! Keep up the good work!!!!
Fake news
Are you serious! 
HA! HA! HA! Fake news, the only kind you can handle. Lies=the real trump! PLEASE GROW UP! U r our PRESIDENT! ACT LIKE IT! SAVEUS
Is @LouDobbs on your payroll?
Fake news wouldn't you say?
Yoo Hoo, Donald!!! Lou Dobbs giving you an A+ means about as much as me giving you an A+, which would NEVER happen. But it would mean nada.
Ha now that's FAKE NEWS!
Block these trolls- Bots without brains. Maybe they need a Go Fund Me page! Sad little sheep. #TrumpStrong #TrumphasYouTriggered
Lou who???
#FireKoskinen
False.  Are you even capable of telling truth?  #Shame #NyetMyPotus #PutinsPuppet #NotNormal #Resist
That's is so false. How delusional are you? Fake news starts and stops with you.
Unfortunately Dobbs doesn't answer for the majority. You are f'd if you get the chance to run again.
Lolz. This is like your mom saying you are the most handsome guy in the world
.@LouDobbs is alive? Clearly seeing things as if he were dead. Obviously not watching at all. He must be on @FoxNews #POTUSPropagandaNetwork
BAHAHAHAHA!
so Lou is not to smart and he is looking for a job. Sounds like you have no faith in yourself.Need back pats SAD
Please be a president or resign.
#FakeNews
@POTUS Jobs-no more thanO! Border-breakup families,sends dreamers away!Stock-the rich get richer while they anticipate ur tx cut!No help 4us
Lou Dobbs 100% straight
 you have done nothing. Still riding on the Obama administration.
I love @LouDobbs
A+ from an a-hole. Who watches Lou Dobbs except creepy old uncle types who by law have to stay 90 feet away from any school?
Really!
Who!?
Fakenews
REPLACE YOUR ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL?..NOT SESSIONS @newtgingrich @StockMonsterUSA @mitchellvii
You sound like a dictator
Must get the Congress moving on the People's Agenda, keep them coming back to the WH to answer for lack of results..
Keep it up. Your killing them
You get ten minutes under the Resolute Desk Mr Dobbs! #magamyass
What kind of fucked up curve is he grading on?
You are a sad little boy still looking for your daddy's approval.....you are the "Peter Principle" personified. Peter pun also intended.
Jobs, slower than expected and better under Obama.
SC a giveaway from McConnell.
Stocks not up sharply.
Border = Swiss Cheese
LOU DOBBS???? Lmfaooooooooo!!!!!!!!
BULLSHIITTT DONALD DON'T BELIEVE THE BULLSHIITTT HYPE
LouDobbs and DonaldTrump deserve each other. Sick twins
Don't do math. Math is hard for Trump.  Your approval percentage is a big fat failing F and falling fast.
Right on, Dobbs!Super-maj Americans so GRATEFUL FOR POTUS;1-return LAW/ORDER-Military/Police/FBI/CIA/Secret Service/etc.2-Jobs/USA 1st!#MAGA
An a+????? There's no letter low enough for your real score so far. How much did you pay loudobbs oh you just got that info out of your ass?
Louis Dobbs?? Hahahaha
Dick of America
