Who cares?   Just be the chief executive.  
Perhaps someday your photo will show a smiling face, blessed to be blessed.

Donald, Shut up,
Used to watch all that crap and spend lots of money on these people (like so many have )to make them all rich and famous so they could use that notoriety to viciously attack We the People’s Duly Elected President!!!  No longer give them the time of day!!
I missed the emmys, damn!
The Emmys...? More important matters, sowing a button onto my shirt, reading the manual for my blender, clipping my nails...uhhh
Sad that you people believe that the media is the ultimate reality, base your morals on whos ratings are highest.These things don’t matter
 what are Emmys? 
@PressSec petty
Pues no los vea y punto.
#metoo
We are the grassroots
Yes We who Trust You Mr. President and Our Lord are deplorable to those who don't but we are the Majority so remember that.
The Lord will come to our Rescue so don't worry what happens it's temporary.
#MAGA
Aw, look, it used the dictionary!
God will give u power over them.the will fall in Jesus Christ name amen
my @POTUS #MAGA
YOU ARE THE MOST DEPLORABLE PERSON IN THIS COUNTRY!!  We hate you!!
are you kidding Me???
is that what YOU HAVE to say????
at a time like this?????
STOP playing golf, STOP watching television! Get to WORK!!!!
Stop talking about television. Obama wouldn't talk like this, you silly man. I wish you have even a tenth of the class he had.
Who cares about class? He's spreading news.
We don’t pay you to tweet or watch television
He doesn't get paid to do this. He refused.
Right, instead he steals from the taxpayers while taking away their rights one after another. IMPEACH NOW
Again, please show evidence to support your claim
Google "Emmy ratings."
I did. Not the worst ever. Also not on Monday night 

Like I said, I did look it up. Not the worst ever. He's always exaggerating
That was SHOCKING to THE WORLD, what you said. Are you trying to get us blown off the planet?? Diplomacy has been working before YOU came in
This date? I thought that I went on Twitter in Jan '18. LoL
Wrong again #LiarInChief the ratings were up this year and they are better than your approval rating.
Sadly, I've met quite a few of your supporters and, like you, a vast majority are intellectually stunted or outright racists.
I feel sorry for your disability. Good luck. :)
Any words for the people in Mexico suffering from the earthquake? Remember the Mexican people came and helped victims of Hurricane Harvey
Its not our job to solve everyone else's problems. Their government is supposed to do that.
As POTUS you shouldn't even be aware or Emmy ratings you fool. Focus on your job maybe?
I was saddened to wake up this morning to see that you haven't resigned in disgrace yet.  Congrats to @AlecBaldwin though.
TDS. So sad. 11/7/16!
Sick of them.
Did you eat today?
Oh stop with the bullshit! All your ramblings are because of this fact. Thought we forgot? Think again. #TakeAKnee
What you tweet saddens me  #Sad
Why are you concerned with TV ratings???  Embarrassing. Maybe focus on minor things like hurricane devastation?
You have much more important things to be doing than to tweet about a tv show. DO YOUR JOB. #loser
How's it feel that a guy you fired went on tv to mock you? Probably use to it by now huh.
Glad to see Mueller is closing in on WH. Lock the Klan. family up.
Actually, you are just sad.  Pathetic sad.
Hollywood leftists want to destroy Democracy. Tired of everything becoming a platform to unjustifiably bash you!
Please give the government the same Obama care that they have forced on us; I bet things would change real quick.
Once again you make with the crocodile tears.  Stop spending your jawing about TV ratings and do something more to help in Puerto Rico.
You just ramble incessantly don’t you?  Do you ever look at facts or do you just make them up in your little orange head?

Now you're using Hilary's word?  You can't come up with anything good on your own
you should check out your own ratings don. real tear jerker.
Pathetic this is nothing short of mental illness
Fake News call you a petulant 9 yr old.  NOT TRUE petulant 9 yr old's aren't allowed to tweet while pooping at 5 a.m.

#notadotard
Things aren't same since you left TV.  But boy do I enjoy watching your Presidential speeches.  You are the leader promised by Isaiah 10:1!
you and base!
Still spreading hate. Even if I wanted to believe u were a good God fearing man, u tweet smthing like this to further the divide. It's sad
You do realize you represent all of us right? Also you aren't a tv star you're the president!! Stop tweeting about ratings!!!!
Your such an embarrassment to this country.  People hurting in Hurricane damaged islands and your focused on NFL?
OMFG
Left coast of west coast, ratings sliding into the oceans
loved the ones for SNL. Cheer up! The fake you got an Emmy
Please grow up and do your job.
Not as sad as Texas, Florida and Puerto Rico to your indifference
true
I'm saddened by the number of ppl who don't understand wisecrackery!! Lighten up already! #numbskulls
Yeah!  They're almost as low as the ratings of your press conferences.
Aww did they hurt your feelings?
I am happy it made you sad. I like to see you sad!
Trump wake up

So you think being deplorable is a good thing, this explains a lot.
You don't know that. Liar. Bye Don.
The reason the ratings were so bad no real talent!
Yes I like to say You are doing a very good Job please continue the good work
Huh?
Deplorables they work for you and your one
President Trump, Please be Presidential. Drop the BS banter and be a leader not a heckler or noisemaker. We have enough already!
We love you Mr. President. You did a good job. I'm DEPLORABLE from Texas.
Right you are again sir
Hmmm... I was saddened that Puerto Rico has been totally devastated by Hurricane Maria. Which is more important?
We're on the brink of a nuclear conflict and you're talking about ratings for the Emmys. WTF.  Grow a pair FFS
This is what you spend your time on? #UnfitForOffice
The Emmys deserved poor ratings.  All the haters were there and we, the American people, are not haters.....we love our President!!!
Great show!  Loved every minute.  Go Spicey!!
#fuckingdelusional.... Every event that makes "fun of you" has a great audience!!!!
I'm not a fan of actors. They're just fakers, liars, pretending to be someone they're not. Oh wait, weren't YOU an actor? Makes sense.
fire sessions
I am not , the garbage being shown, is killing this Great Country.
The morals seem to be thrown out!!!
What is with you and ratings?!?! This isn’t your stupid show The Apprentice. DO YOUR JOB
Liberals hate people with a tool in their hand or a name on their shirt. We put DT in and will keep you in.
I am glad we don't have television.  It has sunk lower and lower. People are becoming bored with the medium.  I am find without it.
Turn off the TV and get some real work done
why sad?  This deplorable can careless what overpaid actor and actresses think.  Its a platform like nfl and nba
Wtf? You just basically announced war at the UN and you are worried about Emmys ratings??
Don't you have things to be more concerned about than some  show's ratings? I'm sure all your predecessors did. Oh &
You're just mad that Spicer made you look like a fool.
Don't be TOO sad Little Donnie! Robert Mueller is coming for you. HE is the smartest person and YOU are going to prison! #LockHimUp
I've been saddened every day for over a year at what an arrogant asshole the GOP nominated. When it turns out he's a #Traitor too... #Resign
You are now the national punchline to a bad joke.
How to deal with the rocket man ?            以子之矛 攻子之盾: To the spear of the spear of the shield i.e. turn sb.'s battery against himself
TRUMP IS A RUSSIAN PUPPET.
Barack Hussein Obama's traitor and a blight to USA. He left a world in chaos and fools like you adore him. #LunaticLeft #democratsarenuts
You do know the only Russia connection is via #CrookedHillary . Keep tweeting,you make us win more every time. #SoreLoser #LunaticLeft
*still
Really!?! You're sad about that? How about be sad about the state of our country. How about the people losing healthcare.
Yes, and we were smart enough to tune them out.
another man-baby tantrum
Yes, they are all real people--hard-working, common-sense, decent, honest! Don't even need Hollywood in their lives!
Wow. You really tweeted this???
From the mouth of a president......pathetic.
Can Twitter let me "love" this tweet of @POTUS 10,000 times?!
who cares
You are just jealous you didn't win...
You've got nothing better to talk about???
The term is becoming a badge of honor thanks to you sir.
Trump, seek help for your OCD. The GD Emmy's were on Sunday.
U watch way 2much tv.I couldn't care less about the ratings of any tv show.As president u should b 2busy 2care. #TrumpResign
Don't your have more important things to do than lie to yourself and everyone else? Sad! Weak! #TrumpReality
We don't watch those people any more. They hate middle America.

What "Deplorables" are you speaking of? Sean Spicer?
People are dying all over the place and Donald Trump, President for 38% of America is talking about Emmy ratings, REALLY
Bet you watched it yourself but ok then.
Best Emmy Show ever. Wish there had been more Trump jokes!!
A Cat 5 Hurricane, Mexico City quake, new ACA repeal bill, and your U.N. speech - and THIS is the tweet you want to end your day with? Sad!
Shut up
Again, you're delusional! SAD!
I can't believe this petty a**hole is our president.
Thank god there are 3 million LESS "deplorables" than there are sane, humane, intelligent Americans.

I can't wait till you're in prison. 
Oh @stevenBoyer5000 I was trusting what u were saying re health care bill but I am a deplorable and you just insulted ALL of us here.
We are willing to dialog and ask questions. We are learners. Looks like u want to prejudge all of us. Name calling doesn't promote dialog!
Why are you voting for someone who promotes policies that will hurt you?
They don't hurt me.
I don't expect the govt to provide my medical care.
Well many elderly have no choice & many with no employer provided health care.
BUT this bill would cut into any employer healthcare as well!
Americans are dying and losing their homes in Puerto Rico right now, and THIS is what concerns you? Pathetic.
Lol  you're good you.
FASCIST
FASCIST

He is a truculent rapscallion & unethical master of pathological sophistry with severe narcissism.
After you looked them up
Yes POTUS Trump, the Deplorables are the 
smartest people because we respect, support
& love you, our beloved President.   #MAGA
I'm a proud DEPLORABLE! 
We all have to face our shortcomings. Glad you are proud of your disability. I respect that.
And using Twitter is your shortcoming Phillip, especially seeing as how Di Di has 514% more followers than you. 
Derp.
Delete your account.
Who cares. It's easy to find "followers" from the Trump Supporter Gene pool. Very low standards.
Philip, the least intelligent people on earth are Hillary Clinton supporters and you can only scrounge up a pathetic 46 of them?
It gets worse, I just looked at your followers. They're mostly automated sex bot accounts. You redefine what it is to be pathetic Phillip.
Ha. When you have nothing real to say, make shit up. Trump taught you well.
Here's a screenshot of the top of your list of followers.
You were saying, loser?
I don't watch the Emmys, stopped watching years ago, ratings get lower each year. Emmys has become politicized instead of entertaining
I totally agree with you!
I was saddened when I found out we still can't afford medical insurance. Why don't you worry about that instead of what's on t.v Donnie?
How did your 2 fake emmys handle seeing real emmys on TV?
Hint: the exact same way you feel watching Obama on tv.
BUM
Are you fucking kidding me?
The Emmys? That was on? Oh, SNAP! I  missed it..........AGAIN.  LMAO.
Resign traitor
Isn't it odd that the "Dreamers" scream for their rights as Americans but fly the Mexican Flag every opportunity they get.
I think you're wrong. They had great ratings. Some of the best ever.
Really?? You are President why would you care? Because you were the butt of jokes
Another problem is every time minimum wage goes up everything else sky rockets leaving the majority suffering as always.
Here is your reward.
Keep those priorities straight...
They were so good.....you jealous Pres
Do you care that millions of Americans (some who are registered voters) live below the poverty line? Or do you only care about tv ratings?
Libs can't even have a decent show w/o ruining it with all their stupid anger. Sad really. Nobody watches.
Emmy who?
We are ALL saddened that a deplorable orange waste of oxygen is"president" of the USA. PLEASE go be king of #Nambia,
Please use dif wording "we all" doesnt work. And actually, now by a poll lst wk, incldd 1house or cell#, "most" are for "our president" too
To think @POTUS tweets stuff like thius shows what a sham Our Presidency has become under @realDonaldTrump. That's what should sadden Us.
Isnt that sad? Haha
Careful, it worked for us!
Who cares. Turn it off. Throw the tv away.
Dude c'mon
PLEASE STOP!!!!
I wasn't sad who wants to watch that fuckery of a show
#ILoveMyPresident
Why would u give them n audience if no one watches ,they go away  can't perform without an audience
Mean while school with children falls after earthquakes in Mexico, not a "thinking about you" comment from you, what kind of monster are you

LOL it was the most amazing EMMYS EVER ! Sean Spicer finally admitted being a pupa-tier. Your administration is so laughable
Bet you liked seeing your little puppet Sean Spicer for the last time on TV. Maybe you could hire him?
Ratings higher than last year.  Colbert was great.  And you won an Emmy for most realistic portrayal in a comedic role.
