Your impeachment hearings will have yuge ratings, tremendous, everyone will be talking about it. Bigly
Lawyer up Don Don..Tick Tock...Indictments coming for all ALL of you Very Very Soon !
Thank you. My first cousin is on that wall.
Classless remarks as usual.
Meanwhile....#Trumprussia #TrumpRussiaTies #TrumpCrimeFamily
Resign
Hmmm. You fired one of the main cops of this country
Praying for you @realDonaldTrump #MadeInTheUSA
Please go away.
It's ironic that soon you will be the one they are throwing in jail.
Thought you were gonna be more your own spokesman but Spicer was at the #PressBriefing
Thank you for loving our police, military & their families. Unlike the obama years who supported terrorist & was anti police. #MAGA
Brainwashed lost life. Makes me sad. Like a zombie in an alternative world. Your only life thrown away. Kant's Enlightement failed BIGLY
Yeah, you told everyone how great you think you are... Get a fuckin' clue man. Leave with at least the slightest bit of grace.
dude, just deliver your resignation remarks - that’s all.
Well starting with  "dude" shows you are not the convo. Dude

silliness
I cant wait until you give remarks at your impeachment ceremony.

When it comes to corruption we all know IRS-weaponizing, Wiretapper-In-Chief Obama takes the cake... #MyPirateNameWouldBe
More glass ceilings shattered by our FINE Democratic women 
Aren't there 3 lady's in that picture?
Says the Warmonger In Chief. #ImpeachTrump #RESISTANCE #UniteBlue
Oh gosh good for you Mr President
…and during the memorial service for fallen police officers, u claimed that ppl still support you "bigly". U can't stop talking abt yourself
After boasting about yourself, you threw your MAGA hat at the families of fallen officers during the memorial service. This isn't a rally!
You were probably thinking "weak crowd" when the families of fallen officers didn't respond with any applause. 
#haterBots aren't real
Not before blowing your own horn,seeing as less & less people are willing too support you anymore ,to many questions
There is no need to fear.
America* Loves you, if you preside in Love..
America* hates you. the more you spread fear
True, that's why most Americans love president Trump.
Love the Trump
And you lobbed a cap at a 6-year-old who'd lost his dad, as a sign of respect. Honestly, what the hell is wrong with you?
UR UNREAL  POTUS  DID THAT WITH GOOD INTENTIONS. 
INDEPENDENTS FOR POTUS!
Ya done fucked up bro.
Aint nobody wanna hear about your ceremonial bullshit now.
Yes Donald I heard and once again you turned it into a rally all about yourself and how you won the election, tremendous, well done...
Your orange helmet looks like it's about to blow off. More super glue! #TrumpRussia #LetComeySpeak #TrumpRussia @TeamTrump @WhiteHouse
While you hurt your country giving classified info to your Russian friends. How could you? This is our country
Too bad you couldn't treat this service with the solemnity it deserved. Not everything is a Trump campaign rally. #shameful
Your toupeeeeeee is just about to fly off and btw the colour of your hair is piss yellow. I would seriously sack your hairdresser. It is BAD
How nice for the outgoing President to offer some FINAL remarks.
Wishful thinking on your part. Too bad you have to put up with him for 8 years.
I still found it hilarious how people got so asshurt over Donald getting 2 scoops of ice cream
You told everyone you are funding your own campaign , LIAR!!!!!

That con man damn near ruined this country. Now president trump is ensuring 44 will go down as the worst pos president ever #MAGA

The only thing i have won is the highest popular vote loss and lowest approval rating in history.
.@POTUS does anyone forget #Obama sitting down #Russian official promising to work with them in his second term #followme #Trump #me #tbt
what the actual fuck?  Neither you or anyone else alive has ANY evidence or proof of this slanderous shit.  Wow.  Idiots...
Let's check all the COINCIDENCES...6 cabinet/family members initially lied about meeting Russian officials Why if not doing anything wrong..
Ukrainian owners of two Trump hotels were indicted for illegal gambling money laundering associated with Russian mafia
Obama for God knows what, but Trump let's Only Russian reporters in a meeting with Russians, in OUR WH, plus all the other stuff and NOTHING
The coincidences are way too many not to take pause. This is not a Left/Right thing, this is an American thing, Country before party!
Donny, how do you like this nickname?  Treasonous Trump!
God bless you, Mr President!
Real America appreciates you!
No real "Americans" see through him. He's a liar n cheater. He's the DEVIL we were warned about.
and the 'real' world looks on in horror
Potus- u made this speech about protecting police- I alerted u to my US patent that will stop attacks on police and women-u did not answer.
I noticed in #melissamccarthy #SeanSpicer 
bit @nbcsnl #SNL used OLD footage of #NYC with World Trade Center In shots #NOTCOOL #Careless 
You know Trump took money from a 9/11 charity fund, right?
You do know you can be sued for spreading lies. Give us the facts you used to spew your lies.
 Sue me. Please try. Really. I'd get a kick out of it.
Not me suing you. The people you spread lies about.
Trump’s Lesson from last week (1): Never take two scoops of ice cream when the FBI Director only gets one
Trump’s Lesson from last week (2):  Never lie to Lester Holt
Trump’s Lesson from last week (3):  Not good optics to let Russian media into Oval Office and keep US Press out.
Trump’s Lesson from last week (4): Practice lying in front of the mirror before going on national TV interview.
Wow! - Trump shared classified info to Russians via @CNNPolitics
Impeachment Very soon! Can't hardly wait!!
You'll be waiting awhile,hope you brought a lunch.LMAO
It was a pretty good speech. That means the only comments from dems will be unrelated to it, or they'll just be memes. Watch!
I feel like maybe I should leave multiple comments like everyone else
I'm not exactly sure what else to respond about
I just saw breaking news about a plane crash at Teterboro, I hope everyone's ok!
On another note, I really love Fox News
These officers deserved a keynote with integrity. Feel sorry for the audience here to have to listen to such a dishonorable leader.
Seriously? Obama did nothing while the cops in Texas were being mowed down by those crazy protesters!!  Not on Trumps watch
Gee Donna, You're sure making a lot of friends. Trump & You #MAGAts are divided on Trump and Shifting Left. Even Fox had it on headlines.
Today, I delivered remarks at the 36th Annual National Peace Officers' Memorial Service.  #NationalPoliceWeek Watch… htt...
#Trump is so kind.
They are gonna be coming for you soon Dolt45.
And delivered classified information to our greatest enemy. Traitor.
You're a FRAUD #DICKFACE #YOUFUCKER
"Enough is enough." You got that part right. Now carry it over and resign.
What is worst is that you're supposed to make them feel good about graduating and you make it about you. You are the worst narcissist ever
please resign  you know you want to go back to your old life. Just go. It's ok.  really it is!
Please stop!!!
Tiered of hearing you.
Learn English!!!!!
You made a fool of yourself and insulted the memory of falleen officers.
They clapped but they don't know what you meant.
I am praying for you! The beginning  of wisdom is the fear of the Lord. Pray for wisdm is the Lord's promise to you!! This job is challgng.
Ironic, isn't it.
get rid of Leakers in White House, they R close
u deleiverd nothing, always the dame hot air. and sich limited capabilities to do speaches.
Lock him up
Did you reveal 'code word' level classified info in these remarks, as is your right as president?
And you used it to campaign, you oaf.
Mr. President, please help our Chinese hero Guo Wengui ! 亲爱的总统先生，请帮助我们中国人民的英雄郭文贵！
川普是商人，他是沒有任何道義可以談的。
呵呵，川普是一个要脸的美国总统！
And once again made an ass out of yourself by turning it into a ME rally.  Solemn..look it up.
Classy how you threw a stupid hat. Couldn't even hand it to him. Classy.
You're embarrassing!
Which was bigger, your crowd size or applause length?
No one with half a brain gives a shit what you have to say, I wish someone would throw tomatoes at you. #trumpisaboldfacedliar #trumptreason
And talked about yourself. Pathetic.
apprentice POTUS
Thank you Mr President 
IMPEACH RUMPLTHINSKIN

AAOSo

Keep working hard. You can do it.
Go to Jail ! Turn Yourself in! Please let Mike Pence take Charge ! You Have Done More Damage than Julius & Ethel Rosenberg!
lol you and anything peace related is an oxymoron!
You also delivered the Russians to the WH and gave out secrets.  Get some mental health Donals
I will testify.
Your efforts to build a personal Gestapo will fail!
You made it all about you not them, amateur president
Better suck up to cops since you will soon be arrested, DJT.
Fake @POTUS you were a disgrace and showed no class or respect at all. You should be ashamed of yourself for your performance at the service
When is set the first Points to * people who * and not can get a established job ? 2 Can fly to another country Every WEnd?
Honoring police maybe the news media should consider covering police honors versus glorifying violence
Blew that one too.  #idiotinchief   Had to thrown in a pitch for yourself. What an asshole
Comey is mad cause he got fired! Why didn't he speak to this earlier????? After being fired? Not good. Republicans are snakes too!
Who is going to say what was says.
I'm more concerned with your remarks to the RUSSIANS in the privacy of the WhiteHouse with TASS looking (and listening)! 
You're a menace.
BOOOOOOOOO
And you sounded cray cray!
you have carrot skin and your hair is a mop
YES!  I never thought I would see this in my lifetime.   Finally a leader who speaks to we people, farmers, factory workers, teachers,  ks
it has nothing to do w/ur rights as prez ur rights are reckless for the US! U won't talk to the US but will w/ Russia?
It was beautiful thank you
BIG PROBLEM WITH DELEGATION TO ISRAEL FROM WH, ONE SAID THE PRAYER WALL IS NOT ISRAEL!!!   FIRE HIM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You are such an awesome president Mr. Trump and we love you!!!!
And you were an embarrassment. It wasn't a PEP RALLY, you dunce.
And boast about yourself. Sad.
A change america trump
Russia, Russia, Russia.  We are not distracted.  Naptime!
Hopefully some of those good officers will be at your door to arrest you soon.
And you sold out America by giving Russia our secrets!! What's wrong with you?
The applause was pathetic, even those families didn't want you there. Stop f'ing politicizing everything,  vladimir trump!
Peace can be potentially achieved when law and order is well mixed with compassion and loyalty may this nation never falter
Awfully quiet, Donnie. Concerned your presidential library will contain only tweets and Facebook posts?
They should have arrested your ass then!
"Bigly"?
Imagine this same meeting 12 months ago, same words, same officials, but different people
What would they be saying on @cnn @MSNBC?
Nada
Your big mouth will likley result in the murder of intelligence officers.
I totally agree that ENOUGH IS ENOUGH. Pls step down.
And you looked like a jaded jerk doing it! Zero days of being a national embarrassment!
And made it all about you! Sad!
I've seen bigger crowds at a Black Friday Sale.
Yes and it made no sense. Red line?
I would have said kill more police thugs
Wow Im white and that is a smack in the face to black people killed by police for no reason. I do respect police they have to do job. But..
And embarrassed th f out of yourself
What movie did you steal those remarks from, " police academy". #atleastnixonresigned
Thanks for attending. Law enforcement needs your support.
#Pres thank u for honoring our Police  & 20,000 that died on duty there widows, & children at WH ceremony,CNN,MSMBC didn't show TV,FOX did
Were you able to say "Officer"?!?   You get a gold star for a three syllable word!  I bet Vlad was a proud Papa!

Nice one
More lies!
Remarkable speech Trump! Glad to know we finally have a respectful president in office
I was hoping that your #toupee would blow off
So....big deal.  Just another thing for you to praise yourself over... Shut up already.
And treated it like a rally. Throwing a china hat? At a child who was remembering his father?
You are the worst.
666
another ego fueled speech trying desperately to sell the idea that's everything is going just great.
Today I had a turkey wrap with a kosher dill for lunch
Not surprised you made this all about yourself, as is the norm for you.
I know why you like FOX! Cuzz the girl with the lisp,sche make you scmile
You need a circuit breaker expose Clinton Obama high crimes and treason anything less is a whimper show adamantine courage
I smell likebeef
Maybe you could sell stocks  called the  conservative Network let free enterprise take over to give the liberals   balance
Please drain the swamp by pulling the plug out of the drain as you stand over it.

Did you cry to them? #littledonniecrys
Please do to politicize this!
POS phony @potus
And you seriously tossed a MAGA hat into the crowd. You are an absolute joke
And you were absolutely TERRIBLE !!
Completely unfit to sit in the white house he is owned by Russia
Other than that, what did you do to enrich yourself and work on behalf of Russia?
There can only be peace when you are removed from office. #ImpeachTrump #Illegitimatepresident
The hypocrisy level was astonishing. #TRAITORTRUMP #LYINGDON #PUTINSPUPPET #RESIGNATION B4IMPEACHMENT #IvankasShame #PATHETICPrezzy
Shut down all the press briefings. The media is nonsense and disturbing.
