You sir are the "biggost " disappointment to the office and American people EVER.. I voted for you and I'm ashamed of you & myself. CHANGE?
You got what you voted for.
You're right about that. If only I were clairvoyant like so many others tweeters
#RussiaCollusion #TrumpWritesHallmarkCards #trumpboyscouts #trumpregrets #TrumpcareProtest Get Trump Out. @GOP you're going out. Bye Feliciapic.twitter.com/LTD6MWdvuJ
"Don't let the American people down!" That's your job right ?
Why don't you LISTEN to the AMERICAN PEOPLE? YOUR "HEALTH CARE" BILL IS NOT WANTED. - HI
You said obamacare has been active for 17 years though.... I CANT HANDLE THIS BAFOON
Damn i spelled baffoon wrong
Too late! We were let down November 8th
i love you Anna.
Thank you Dennis O'Hare Facebook person I love you too and appreciate all the posts
I'm new to Facebook but sorry for the Double n in Denis
You let us down on a daily basis.
They did. This is shameful behavior. They campaigned on repeal & replace. Their constituents should impeach them, vote them.out.
It is #FailureFriday in America! We are grateful that enough Senators had courage to stop your evil agenda and millions won't lose coverage!
pic.twitter.com/jw4iaDKHaz
Mr.President take the Republicans that voted against the H/C Bill and People like Joe Kennedy, not the Democratic Leadership & Jon Huntsmen
This will give you the power to govern around politics as usual with enough Dems&a few Repubs you can deliver H/C for All that's beautiful!
Employees that are paying $600.00-$1000.00 for Employer H/C that delivers nothing,would be glad to contribute that money to Medicare for All
Please strip congress of their healthcare and make them use Obamacare. They will get to work then
pic.twitter.com/ufKp7V1aaQ
Oh dear oh dear Trumpy What's going on? I think a phone call to Putin is in order right now for advice.
#SkinnyRepeal McCain 3 GOP Murkowski Senate Chamber #senatevote Skinny Bill GOP Obama Care Collins #TrumpcareProtestpic.twitter.com/ozCRdAwMld
You let the American people down. Every single day.
Seriously dude. Do you even hear the people sing? Singing the songs of angry men?
It is the music of a people who will not be slaves again!
Mr. President when you said you were going to give Americans the best H/C Ever, We Believed You. Medicare for All Please! You will Shine!
Now, does everybody understand how bad we need new congressman that will support We the People and Pres. Trump!! We have no time to waste!!
Enough said comrade Trump!pic.twitter.com/BGcIs7LIR1
So. Much. Winning.pic.twitter.com/rOkcwwvqGZ
McCain, Murkowski & Collins are the only ones who listened to the American people, they should be commended. You should be committed.
Thank you President Trump for your efforts. We know who let us down! The traitor McCain and his RINOS. The dems on this crushing failure!
to sit back and say, I'm going to watch America's healthcare system fail, is treasonous!
Looks like they listened
Senators Collins, Murkowsi and Cain just saved the day for millions of Americans. You failed again! Resign now.
Ha ha. Failure at healthcare, failure at transgender military ban, apology from Boy Scouts for embarrassing then. Repeal and replace you!
Fail, just like Trump Presidency . Sad
@margaritarr8 @theClaudiaInez @GaleTStrong U can do it degenerate don't let American ppl down, die already & MAGA #ayedamianisoverparty
You're right, three of them didn't. Thank you to the three Republican senators who voted no on this horrible bill.
Is this what "winning " feels like? #SkinnyRepeal #45IsAJoke
Why is our President tweeting to the Senate?
Because he's a moron?
I'm not sure what it is, but it's certainly not the proper format, imo.
How congress that are exempt from the disaster Ocare can vote objectively undo the exemption w/ executive order then action might happen
We will build your army in 2018!
MR. President. Write the executive order that forces the swamp to live on the same thing they force on us PLEASE! Sincerely Choking American
I agree, immediately stop health care for the congress and senate- put them on the market with the rest of us- especially McCain
Let's see if twitter allows this retweet to stay??
No, Trump, they failed... like their little leader. Have @kellyannepolls give you a pick-me-up.pic.twitter.com/Y1lWf8Y5Ko
Start arresting lynch,rice,comey,lerner....etc
pic.twitter.com/34k4jRDUxd
PresTrump tell me how the 28th got put in a drawer & forgotten? Reestablish it & health care bill will be fixed immediately
oh shut up
It's all on you Donny!! You are the so called president
don't you mean 17 years?
STOP TWEETING YOU TINY HAND BABY MAN
R's pushed for Obama care repeal when he was prez & now they can't make up their minds now that he's not... SMH :(
Republicans aren't responsible for bad health care, Democrats are! Repeal OBAMACARE!
Your next book should be titled "The Art of the FAIL"
lolololol add this to the reasons no one likes you.
Republicans always let the people down. It's the only thing they're good at!
Mr President, will you please work on getting the wall built? You ran on it and people love the idea. It is not racist!
Gop is still against you. They will be voted out. #payonelectionday
Someone once said healthcare is easy. Where is that guy now? Where is the better plan?
They didn't let us down! Thanks Senate!
They keep letting us down. Maybe they should have #Obamacare as their #insurance policy or switch parties
Adorable that you make time to coach the little people - make them feel good about themselves. Give trophies to your favs!
Fire all 100 senators and bring in well groomed right wingers and make them all take the #Trump Oath of Allegiance.
Traitor Jim Kramer does not want repatriation of jobs ! Wants to keep them in foreign countries!
pic.twitter.com/H24Z3pcUY1
It's NOT healthcare It's Health Insurance. They aren't the same.#FedUp
Cum on my republican pussy
Just need to weed out the RINOS. Come on #Deplorables vote RINOS OUT! Impeach them!
I'm asking for an inquiry on John McCain I believe his current medical condition is impeading his ability to make decisions for America.
Blame McCain. You need to tweet about that traitor!
They didnt
Might I add that two of the three Senators who defeated you are powerful WOMEN? How will are you dealing with that?
Three of them did SHINE BRIGHT: Murkowski, Collins, and McCain. They made your party proud last night.
Obama gave Congress an Obamacare waiver via EO You can remove it via EO! Congress will repeal Obamacare if they're forced onto it!
Trump has never done anything for Americans except scam, lie, bully, insult, & rip them off. Seriously doubt that Trump now cares about US.
They didn't.
We are now all fucked
Re-reading this tweet has to hurt almost as bad as bone spurs.
You are "letting the American people down." You are a pathetic man who is totally out of his depth. SAD
Well, at least three Republican senators seized their chance to shine,
This Sounds Like the "Little Trump That Could" I think I can I think I can.....
Haaaaaa Gay Mr President
pic.twitter.com/61KlIMFwh9
Haha you're so out of touch in ur bizarro world loooser
Senators did not let the PEOPLE down! Let regular order resume. Sen. McCain honored his WORD. Potus cannot bully anymore! Trumpcare died!
Letting the American people down would be taking away their healthcare. Thank jesus for people like John McCain. Can't wait for impeachment
Mr.President,Truth,McConnell,Ryan & Repub. Leadership is working against you,not with you.They don't want you to Win!They can't Deliver!
Make-the Media eat their own words and prove them to be the Liars they are.H/C,Infrastructure,Real Tax Reform.Things no President has done!
pic.twitter.com/aHqtiFhGLf
They did not let the American people down U did with your "mean" plan that would have taken health insurance away from 22,000,000 Americans
Tell congress to PRETEND that they are making law for their family.
#FailureFridaypic.twitter.com/qeSNwb18M3
You mean dont let you down! The majority of American poeple are speaking, marching, and protesting. FIX OBAMA CARE!!!
Mr. President, You Sir need me, an average American Citizen, a former Business Manager. You must fight Fire with Fire,time for Defense Sir!
LOL!!!
Yeah yeah commie traitor trumpski we are all waiting to see you veto the sanctions bill proving you are a Russian agent comrade
yes, AFTER SEVEN YEARS and NOT having a plan, we should give y'all another chance #MAGA
Na, na, na, na na..who's a hero now? JOHN McCAIN!!#
They did not let us down, they voted no! At least some of these people under you have some sort of conscience! Unlike you!
Looks like it didn't happen...dickwad
Fire the bunch of cry babys get new blood in there that has no back ground in government. Then maybe something will get done.
#failurefriday
They didn't let the American people down. They remained unintimidated and determined to do it the right way.
DENIED!!!! People over Party! Not everyone cowers to your bullying #worstpresever
By ripping away our healthcare. You're in unconscionable.
Now is a perfect time for sessions to Un recuse himself and fie mueller while he has both side vouching for his integrity
They Won't do a Damn thing Wake up People They Sold you all outpic.twitter.com/qyygGypEUP
YOU have already let the American people down...by being "President".
I assure you they won't let us down!!!!pic.twitter.com/GXYq8VLATM
pic.twitter.com/gCnlNH2ANy
But I'm afraid they can't sir, we shouldn't continue rewarding self-serving politicians with votes urge your supporters to make them payn 18
@SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins - Thank You for not letting us down! Heroes!
I'm praying for you
Resign, traitor
Letting Americans down is taking away Healthcare for millions of ppl & going back on ur promise to protect the #LGBT
pic.twitter.com/OMhmOBm6UL
You let America down everyday!!!
How about you letting us down
pic.twitter.com/HpWQ9LH9pm
Im watching the news right now wow haha
Sorry Mr. President, no "winning" for you today. The skinny bill was the worst thing for America. Thank God for John McCain.
Epic fail, despite GOP control- worst president ever! Ha - well done America, government for the people!
You're ready to sell Americans a pile of crap that will leave millions without insurance or Medicaid. Aren't you the Good Samaritan?
They didn't let the them down--they preserved OBAMACARE, which MOST AMERICANS LOVE. Get over yourself-you LOST. No one likes your ideas.
I have a family that I'm still trying to raise!! You are hurting us!! You are so embarrassing!!
They can't, they never honestly had a plan. They're weak & disorganized. Many of them don't really know what party they belong to.
Republicans, they talk, they don't do. They let Dems investigate Republicans, while Democrats commit the crimes. They are an embarrassment.
YOU, dumptrump, let the american poeple down with your big mouth. YOU promised to fix ALL the problems. you always were lying...
Don't blame prez. Blame dysfunctional House & Senate members. They had 7 yrs & 8 months to come with plan. What idiots!
Hands off pharma/med industry profits,where's Trump now, I voted for you. So quiet about their profits,um, wonder why,not happy mr president
Hahahahaha! Suck it!
You are the one letting the American people down! I ad to stop watching the news because of you! I hope and pray that you go down soon!
Come on Republican Senators, you can do it on Healthcare. After 7 years, this is your chance to shine! Don't let the Ame...pic.twitter.com/SqTzZ0onA6
Draw up a plan if your own and sell it. Isn't that what you say you're good at
Take car of Americans first. Get Drug companies to lower their prices Obamacare goes. Support veterans, older people who paid into ss
Vote these Republicans senators out of office, America is aware they are not working for America but line thier pockets. Vote to repeal repl
Vai se fude vc é um ladrão fora Trump
Need more senators with the guts to push the repeal of Obama care,Mcconell is a lost cause. Meh
They are as bad as the demo. All the same establishment swamp, DRAIN
The American people will be fine, thank you; better when you resign from office.
You have let the people down YOU
Right
you gotta be kidding, right?

#unfollowtrump
Exec Order buying state to state, buying pools, expanded accts, and allowing ins cos to offer cheaper policies & let GOP catch up later.
You will never accept a "no"... Not from the women...nur from the Senat. You have failed
Benito Mussolini... The resemblance is remarkable.
Glad you lost the vote
pic.twitter.com/D7h6hIl18V
Liar liar liar trump's pants are on fire!
Last chance for republicans
Trump is wrong by signing sanctions!!!!!
Liar bigot racist #ImpeachTrumpNow
The American people are in favor of the ACA.
There a spy in your office Mr President trump ser
Screw Trump. He cares about making money and making the rich richer and poor poorer. Down with Trump
Dems plan was for it to fail and the Dem President& Dem House would have the govt take it over as single payer, BUT you changed that !!!!
They lied about it 7 years ago and the light of truth is shining on those lies now. Another exposure from inside the swamp.
Try to get paper work and the VA to sent it to you is in bad shape. I requested payment plan paper work in July 7 called several times
Nope
The Republican Senators, well 3 of them, didn't let millions of Americans down; they saved their health care.
How'd that work out for you? #TiredOfWinningYet?
They didn't let us down
U let the American people down when u were elected sit down
Seriously, do the job you were hired for.
Potty training a toddler and getting the @GOP to do what they promised require the same tone.
I agree with you but what pisses me off is the Republicans at eight years to have a plan together .. government doesn't belong in healthcare
Washington hates you. We love you. What can we do? Tell us and consider it done.
Which American people are being let down by not repealing obama care in favor of anything else that has been presented? The top 5 % maybe
Put them on Obama care and see how fast they fix it.
They don't want to help anybody but themselves, and collect their fat checks and life time benefits. Drain the swamp.
Yo with all the respect I don't like you at all no matter what you can do to make America "great" again yea , well I think not
fix Medicare
They are a disgrace to our company. mccain with his health problems. Shouldn't been allowed to vote. he not thinking clearly
Republicans learn about fidelity. Save people from the noisy rich democrats. Dems are Eliete! They dont care! Nethet Obama care!
