Thank you Mr President

 Border Wall Design 
   Watch and Share 
         
https://youtu.be/3o0pi2nUGP4  
Missing a sign #Trump for your followers. Thought you were invited to #England. Oh wait, they don’t want you.
Senor Cheetooooo
MAGA, resign.
MAGA.  President Trump
Can somebody tell me why he's traveling instead of working #MAGA
Thank you all colleges. Heading to work hard on a Healthcare and Education plan that will MAKE AMERICA UNITED AGAIN
you and your rallies! And your party! #Republicans
Telling the news first hand and getting to know the people and their problems first hand. These rallys are good for country moral. Thank you
Sir .President trump .
I would love. To see 
Childsupport reform
Wage reform 
Veterans medical 
Homeless
Wil to work reform 
Disablityreform




Holders VP is el Chapo



Make America great again by owing Russia millions of dollars worth of favors. Ronald Reagan would kick your ass if he were still alive.
I the new rally cry  "lock me up"
you are a traitor
NOT WINNING! new poll shows barely  36 percent of  Americans now approve of the job the president is doing while 57 PERCENT DISAPPROVE
It that all you did today Mr. President? Had a pep rally in honor of yourself? So lame. So hugely lame. Looser lame in fact.
i am a @SHABOOTY robot!! Naw im kidding. Naw i am a robot for real.. naw im in for the free work n american handout.
Wishing I was there,! watching  live on u tube  have fun
Ask not what your country can do for you – ask what you can do for me and my family, my friends and our, great 1%. Make All Greazy Asses!!!
waiting to meet him in USA .I  can help him a lot in many fields.For example  I can give him mysterious group that has advanced
Of course you are cause it's not like you have anything else to do... you know... like your fucking job  Oh sorry stroking ego comes 1st
Lalalaala
Why are you still.holding these? To keep the cult members  brainwashed or to massage your ego? Or both? 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN... BY RESIGNING ASAP!
march!
Can you tell me how many black people have to die before America is made "Great Again?"
Shouldn't you change your slogan to "I'm making America great again"? Or haven't you started yet?
WHY ARE YOU HOLDING A RALLY WHEN THERE IS SO MUCH NEEDING TO BE DONE???? Be a leader, please.
Matthew 5:9
Blessed are the #peacemakers, For they shall be called #sons of #God.
Twitter time. Let's see what the EOTUSA is up to.
Trump as a Syrian refugee


Since people love my memes so much ;)
that is the funnest shit i have wver seen
I love our POTUS I say a little prayer of thanks to God every day thank God Hillary is not our POTUS
Magic spells! Cool! At what age did you first learn to telepathically communicate with imaginary beings?
Liberal verified nobody accounts live for Trump, without him they have no purpose in life. They live for his tweets like sweet oxygen.
It's literally their whole life. It's a big corny club, they are on Trump's dick so hard it's pathetic
Are you gonna lie to them too? #AllYouDoIsLie
Do you work? I see you trolling Trump all the time. Stop following if you don't like his tweets
Funny, I see YOU commenting on all my tweets... 

And you still think calling yourself deplorable is a good thing.
Not a good thing!!! It's the Greatest thing. One day you may grow into your big boy pants and get on the Trump train



Check out Obamas fake birth certificate. #MAGA




If Making America Great Again is destroying the US health system, controlling women's reproductive rights and increasing racism then okay
The only snowflakes I see are conservative ones who get upset and throw tantrums when their privilege bubbles are burst
Does Trump pay you a lot to run a bot account?
Literally every positive thing said on his tweets are bots with 100k followers following 100k people
How coincidental
Oh Supreme Leader, we don't use cellular systems anymore. Do you mean 
Make America Analog Again? 
Like you did with coal?
#TrumpTweetPolice
Why is the President holding rallys? - someone tell him he already won the election...
Trump's rallys post election is pure ego masterbation
Because your dear leader is a simpleton.
Oh... Hillary and her emails....
We'll stop beating that dead horse when #Trump #LockHerUp.  
LOSER
Thanks to you! We are going to be great again! Many many Thanks!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
IT'S A BEAUTIFUL RALLY IN IOWA, KEEP IT UP!!! MAGA!!!
You can make America great again Donald...resign from POTUS. Please.
Mueller.
Why are you rolling when you have much more important work to do?
We just did a full fact check on this bombastic rally speach. 95% lies. 5% lies about prior lies. 45 Drifting Towards Unparalleled disaster
Crying Chuck? You are Dishonest Donny
How about you try your tiny hand at governing, instead of throwing rallies to stoke your even smaller ego?
SEND  SOMEONE TO STOP  THEM. 
16232105566
Why rally? Sadly you are the president.  Last night you lied to everyone. I beg those at the rally to just check the fact yourself. You lie
Don't forget to remind them that the middle class should thank the rich for deciding how little they should have.  Make the rich rich again!
The rally was fabulous! Inspired and ready to tackle the challenges our nation faces! Thanks President Trump!

You won Mr. President.  Quit campaigning and (try to) show some leadership in D.C.
 President TrumpMAGA
Donald Trump’s state visit to UK ‘is CANCELLED’ after the trip is not mentioned in Queen’s Speech
So, this is how it's going to happen -- silence the press and hold rallies to lie to the people???  Hitler did it too, but had biggly crowds
I am excited about trade schools being  supported that is exactly what we need for young people  swamp colleges are fake
To fire up your deluded followers to pass the new health proposal which as usual favors the rich elite and screws the poor.
#BoycottUSCellular
I was right there volunteering for our President. Heard his speech.
why won't you appear at anything besides a rally? because you're afraid of being boo'ed by your own people. Traitor.
Children need their egos boosted. You're a child. Could live with that, buy you're also a traitor.
We have the house,senate & the will of people, so ryan,mcconnell where's the leadership, just lame excuses! Walk the talk, or resign.
Senate, house,takening 30 days off, pansies if you do, don't come back. We will find true PATRIOTS with Balls. Not POLITICIANS that P.C.
More lies about jobs in flyover country?
Hi
Thank you for being THE BEST PRESIDENT! Wish I was going to be there! 
You are a blessing POTUS DJT!!
Thanking God for you & your admin.!
Did you talk about your proposed Medicaid cuts? How will those cuts make America great? Probably make America ache.
Is this your "Make Russia great again tour" lol run all the rallies u need not dettering anyone we see you trumpty ur transparent 
Has anyone told you that you are the PRESIDENT of the USA? Quit running around doing rallies where all you do is spit out lies & half truths
Thank you
you are doing a great job.keep it up
@realDonaldTrump I could go on,but it comes down to this, YOU LIE & your followers eat it up which makes them as guilty & unpatriotic as you
Another rally? Don't you have anything better to do?
Could you possible say Fake news anymore? May as well say that Jews are responsible for all bad things. Wait, that's been done before.
Your credibility might improve if you stopped tweeting, stopped your speechifying, in fact, if you just shut up. Lies only.
President Trump,
Andrew Lee has started a Club in New Zealand called Women for Trump. Great response so far!.
less rally more really. as you yourself have said once or twice, you already won the election #LegacyBites #RevealAndReplace
Same day Ford said it was setting up operations in Chinaaaaaaa....
When ur own personal ego is greater and needs to be stroked! Rallies?! You do know the presidential race is over, right?! #fucktrump
Sieg Heil, mein small handed *friend*.  #LeavenworthBound #PresidentBannon #PutinsCockHolster #Dementia #Liar
Why do you keep having rallys?
mad  trump
Why are you going all over the country having rally's? Don't you have a job to do in Washington?  Or is the seat to hot for you to sit in?
you are going to make American miserable again
Hitler had rallies too.
Kirkwood Community College was thoroughly fumigated after exciting, fun-filled rally.
Rally- campaigning, NOT leading. You are Potus for entire country, start acting like it. You are a disappointment to the people of America
When are you planning on doing something useful?
I know this tweet is a tad old but really ~ many "rallies" does Trump NEED to give his ego a burst? Only his adoring fans can give him that!
just seen interviews with people at ur rally. jeez but they are brain washed dummies.
Can someone tell this Twit he already won, it is time to do the work!! Stop golfing and campaigning!!
MALIGNANT NARSISIST
Why is the news cover the press briefings  should just not cover
Are you running again already?
Great work Mr President you are doing what you promise 
Did you get your adoration fix? Feel better?
Sad pathetic distraction and need to puff your ego.  Stir up your angry base with lies and hatred.  #LiarInChief #TrumpRussia MAGA #RESIGN
Why aren't you in Washington working with congress??  Quit campaigning, the election is OVER!
I wonder how many people you paid to be at your rally? Better not be tax payer $$ paying for attendees. Rallies don't = WORK. Get to work
Puke! All you know how to do is #MakeAmericaHATEAgain
U NEED TO STAR BPASSING LEGISLATIONs INSTEAD OF WASTING TAX PAYER $$$ ON RALLY AFTER RALLY! @CNN @ABC @CBSNews @NBCNews @MSNBC @nytimes
Sad2the democratic party =hatred of law enforcement, white people, the constitution, small businesses,anti Israeli.
Fake news
Don't you have other things you need to be doing rather than getting your tiny ego stroked every five min you sad mango/primate hybrid?
"Momma don't let your babies be destined for community college" to the tune- MDLYBGU to be cowboys. Under DT = Best they can afford!
Stop with the self serving rally's on the taxpayers dime! You need to do your job! The people's work! You work for us! You need to stop
Make America Fake Again? Just like Trumpty Dumpty's so called 8.5 billion NW.
I liked you a lot better when i thought you meant MAKE AMERICA STEAK AGAIN! because i have not been able to afford one in a long time....
Good..
I have never heard of a President doing rallies right after they won the election. If all you want to do is campaign let Pence run the show.
Son a ..........., and chinga tu madre pendejo.
another rally? #covefefe , old man!
publicly-funded school with our tax dollars let's a racist pussy grabbing so-called president treasonist go there to talk to those students
You are such a grandstander. Get back to work. Hire some people.
I just watched the clip in which you said you didn’t want a poor person involved in decisions about the economy.
Leave Resign Avoid impeachment #TrumpRussia #TrumpShouldResign #Resist #Impeach45
Why don't you just do your JOB? Campaign when it's that time. There's a lot of work to be done. AMERICA HAS BEEN GREAT long before you!
He stole that line from Ronald Reagan , he's taking credit for that too 
Our glorious leader must not be questioned, or he will have you executed with anti-aircraft guns
@POTUS 《♡ Congrats We wish God's speed Mr  President,  STAY  THE COURSE!  PRAYING FOR YOUR EXTREMELY IMPORTANT work @r_rev
MORONS ARE GOVERNING AMERICA
God has blessed us through you...even though you have evil all around you God has won!! God bless America
1st
Potus killed mr.Otto and now he back to lying to citizens of the USA  shameful his jail time is coming finally.
MAGA will be when you are tried & convicted of treason
Why did you allude to having taped Comey? Especially if now you say you don't have any?
Guess you saved those jobs too!?
Reminder: you already got elected, how about you spend your time working for the country instead of rallying to make yourself feel good?
Please  stop  them  19099000264
Donnie turning you off till your fired Thanks for wasting my vote and my time Big Time A Hole Such a Tool 
Are you bringing home the others held hostage in North Korea TODAY ?
Good Smart Kirkwood. Great Food:
Why the hell are you still having rallies?? Dummy, you won.
