You didn't help them with Irma.
http://tu.be/JkYtsE4r_jhttps://you0 …
Ignore him, Puerto Rico. He doesn't understand that PR is an American territory. He doesn't understand nouns & verbs. Lo siento por todo.
Mr President please do not pay attention to San Juan Mayor,  she can only speak for her self, we in PR appreciate your help and support. GBY
Isn't it kinda unprofessional for the president to be tweeting.
Hey, go throw some paper towels. It made you look even MORE RIDICULOUS
YOU THREW PAPER TOWELS ???
習近平の中国が社会資本主義を貫いている。仲良くしろ。トランプを仲介して総理になるしかない。天皇と国家を守る。
Yeah right after you play a golf tournament
pay your bills daddy
They need MORE than good wishes.... and no you were not there to help.  Get PR HELP NOW!
Sure.. your tweeted this while at your golf course.. disgusting
@LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump the hypocrisy of hypocrites--
@LindseyGrahamSC Neither Cassidy nor Graham appear to have given this any thought or bothered to do any analysis of how it will play out.
The hypocrisy of Cassidy and Graham (punish states that expand MA w/Obamacare to buy votes in other states):
Another promise until tomorrow when you move on to the next tweet...
Do they have electricity to read your tweets?
Uh Global warming anyone?
Combating global warming would help the most in the long run.
It won't stop hurricanes!
No we don't
No you won't help them Liar! @realDonaldTrump rewont help because #TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist  If your not white has could care less
Bless 
...but for now, I am calling dictators mean names and commenting on the Emmys..
If you have to be trained to and cajoled into  (at age 71) expressing empathy, then guess what? It's not sincere. #NPD
Where do you stand on global climate change now? Is your head still up your butt?
#SaveAmerica #SaveTheWorld #SaveYourSeats! #ImpeachTrump!
We know you will!! Godspeed PR!  #PrayForPuertoRico
Pray for the family and victims of Mexico's 7.1 Earthquake. Over  140 dead so far. Long night ahead for Mexico
Just like u helped your nephew!
Never could've seen this coming @NASA must be as shocked as I am! -sarcastic tweet 
Where are the 37 tweets from the Blue Check Mafia calling POTUS a Racist Russian Agent? Did the DNC defund their bot swarm?
Que Deus os proteja...
I sure hope China is almost done with this elaborate global warming ruse...things are getting dangerous!
#ImpeachTrump
So much for global warming right cheeto
Your the smartest we've ever had had right cheeto  !!!! The hell with all the experts
Resign please
who does not like Trump does not like democracy. Trump was democratically elected to save America from the socialists and communists!
That's not true at all. Americans have the freedom to dislike their politicians while loving our country.
And we damn sure won't be lectured about our country by foreigners!
Blessed to have such a great President.
Let's hire some Americans and ship them down there to help. I'll be the first in line
We Know!!!
We watch the news! America has been hit with a monster storm, #HurricaneTrump! It's causing major damage to the political landscape!
You are a category six disaster! You are an embarrassment to the entire nation! Do us all a favor, RESIGN!!!
They'll verify anybody these days huh?
Just people who are important.
If you think any views from Bishop 2 chainz are important, then I stick to my original statement.
That you called a random black guy @2chainz to insult him tells me all I need to know about you as a person. Enjoy never being important.
Its not an insult it's a joke, what do I expect when I'm arguing with a comic book..
TEXT RESIST TO 50409. SAY NO TO GRAHAM CASSIDY.
Might want to consider that climate scientists KNOW what they're talking about. INCREASED INTENSITY predicted years ago. Prepare or pray?
The Pisco Sour drink Territory, stay safe everyone. Thank you Mr. President for your unconditional support.
Climate change is real.
Thank you ver much Mr. President !!!!
POLL 

Is President Trump doing a good job so far??

Vote below and RETWEET!
Pray for those affected by the storm!
#FakeAccount
I'm a 100% pro trump account and would appreciate your follow, read my bio
Huh????
You should have let them enter the US. That would have helped them! You let those people die! PR is under our protection. NICE JOB MR. PRES.

Does this mean you've figured out that it's one of ours? #CrookedTrump #Fraud #DrawingLinesInSand #NaziPresident #Fool #FakePresident
According to me, this tweet matches up with this one from November 2012: https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/270553321562054657 …
Now he's using charity money to pay his legal fees nice Don con!!
Why not. Hillary uses our tax payer dollars on secret service to sit in the toilet paper aisle of Costco to sign books.
Apparently this guy hasn't seen Trump's Secret Service Bill pull your head out of your ass please!
But hey I will give you Gorsuch that's it what else buddy boy
Go on, Donnie-John, grab your raincoat and help them.

Definitely NOT global warming. Hurricanes are just a liberal conspiracy right Captain "No Science?" #fakenews  #yourbrainisbroke
USA being humiliated bigly by new monster President. Be careful, our hearts are with you. Here to help.
Due to global warming
climate change. real.
America hit hard by monster in the White House.

Save our healthcare no #GrahamCassidy
Just leave
Yes. TRUMP should just leave. Glad u agree
Yeah DT is afraid of stairs.
PRESIDENT TRUMP WILL TAKE CARE OF EVERYONE!!!
You mean just like he's still trying to do with healthcare?! #not
How he gets anything done contending with ppl like u, the resistance, is amazing! Just makes us love him more!
He hasn't gotten anything done
The only thing he does is cause distress. He loves to call ppl losers, though he's the biggest one of all. @realDonaldTrump
yeah he causes distress to snowflakes like you
Has a President ever gone to Puerto Rico? That would be awesome!
Obama was the last one. He went campaigning there in 2011. Leaving with about 1 million in donations.
There was a hurricane during his Presidency? He gave donations to Puerto Rico or he took money from them?
Nice and warm and of course he took.
Oh. Disgusting!! I pray our President goes with help. I’m sure Puerto Rico must feel overlooked :(
We love President Trump and your beautiful classy family. #MAGA
Classy?
. You were saying?.......
Her photo wasn't fake, yours is!
. oh this is going to be good... please do tell me which photo is fake and do give your source of that information.
Yea... but you love this First Lady. Hmm...
Amazing, Deborah and her other RW friends say that their photos aren't fake, but before you can respond--these cowards block you. Ha!
Yep, I have been blocked by many trumpies 4 replying factually to their tweets, I have never blocked anyone! Who are the snowflakes again? 
4 days since this tweet about PR, the crisis heightens and no word from you but all day you spent talking about ball players! Ball players!!
@soyeImike
Gracias por ayudar bro
Ya no podras ir bro
Trump esta pendejo bro claro que ire bro
Puedo ir contigo bro ?
Claro que si bro...claro si tienes dinero para pagar el viaje bro
To clarify, we will be THERE to help. Do not, I repeat DO NOT come HERE to be helped. Just want to make that absolutely clear.
Do not come HERE . . . full stop
Y'all realize Puerto Ricans are Americans right?
Y'all realise British people are a little more au fait with sarcasm than their American cousins, right?
As Americans, Puerto Rican's can come and go to the mainland at will.
Thanks for the info, although, to be honest, it was more of a wry observation on your President's attitude to people entering the USA.
He's not my president. Sorry but those of us who hate Twittler tend to be a little too on edge recently to get the subtleties of wry.
Also, too many Americans (Trump voters) don't actually know that and think we shouldn't help. I mistook you for them. My bad.

aaaannd Puerto Rico is still suffering, great job 
Cool, right? You and your bullshit buddies and their environmental nightmares... Mother Nature is talking to you, Two Scoops.
But first you have to yell at some clouds for not saluting the flag, right?
I am not a big fan.  I am ready for your to go back to your old job.  Just wanted you to know @realDonaldTrump
Global Warming....
What do we Americans gain from Puerto Rico? More Puerto Ricans? CUT THEM LOOSE. Independence For Puerto Rico!!!!
Thank You
With America first.  How do you in good conscience turn your back?
Help us understand.
"Crooked Hillary" is not under investigation.  "Crooked Donald" is!
What, you gonna hit someone with a golf ball?
Are you there to help? What are we doing about the electrical grid?
We shall see if you help. Your not even paying for your own attorneys . Where are you going to find the money? Russia?

Their President is busy tweeting about the NFL and honouring the flag on Twitter right now. Please call back in a few days.
CLIMATE CHANGE STRIKES AGAIN!
Storms are getting stronger and you still want to believe that climate change is a hoax.. You are an irresponsible disaster.
Thank God it's not going to Texas or Florida
Global warming!! But you wouldn't care!
Suuure you will. Wearing those hats you sold to morons to pay your lawyer bills? Maybe you can sell more in PR, that's what they need a hat?
Thank you Mr. President the US territory Island needs your help.
When hell freezes over?????????
Sooo... Global Warming what? That's just normal? FakePresident!
Great Job POTUS, you are awesome!!!
Kill KIM JUNG UN
I fully support helping countries in need...but POTUS does NOT. Thought we were done being the savior of every country in distress??
I'm sure the Clinton Foundation is all over this disaster...LOL Crooks


Flies air force one into the hurricane
The Hurricanes are in the Corrupt Family Court System Destroying Childhoods and Families Daily #makefatherhoodgreatagain #thoughtyouwereaman
Delusions don't hurt much, do they? You have no intention of sending aid, so quit making "fake" promises
Yes
厉害了
Funny he never gave a damn when they asked for help with the financial crisis!
@Mal_DaGladiator
Plus Barack Obama gets more likes than you on any given day. Haha!!
Trump in case you don't know 20% of Floridians are Puerto Rican.Do you see the connection?  Can you think ahead and how this might play out?
Yeah sure hahaha
Where your thoughts and prayers for Mexico?
Billionaire John Paulson is leading the charge of Wall Street wealth bound for Puerto Rico.Paying no IRS taxes
https://www.pinterest.com/diaz0761/beautiful-houses-puerto-rico/ …
I pray that God have mercy on yr soul!!! You are an evil person with no conscious for anyone but yrself...
Riiiight
Your heart should fail
And are U donating your own money to help? Lol!
And Mexico isn't paying for your Wall. (BE CAREFUL MEXICO).
Trump how can you be with them, you don't have a heart or soul
My family and I love you Mr. President, you are the BEST!
Let's focus on those that need us Trump.
Stop caring about people! You are making the #FakeNews look like fools and liars! #ApologizeAndersonCooper
Stay home, your lies just make things worse. You liar.
All you are. Trump. is blah blah blah.

Pray for the safety of all people in the path of this storm. May God bless and protect them.
You don't have a heart.
Yes, #fakePOTUS @realDonaldTrump will be in P.Rico to help... But, to prevent new monster hurricanes,he needs to be in #Parisclimateaccord .
Right after he bombs millions of N Koreans.
Be careful??!!  What the hell is that?
Where in Hell is the help donald? Are you that much of a racist? Wasting time tweeting when human life is at stake, is an unforgivable sin.
We all  need to pray for them----
You is Gucci  my b
You Funny Donald You Continue to let the Corrupt Family Courts Destroy Childhoods and Families Daily #fixthefamilycourts
More empty platitudes from a soulless hollow grifter to these poor people who are facing devastating losses!
Do your fucking job!
Great job mr president honored to call you my leader
I like it as 51st 
why do we help everyone, and get none in return? I say if places do not tote their share, then drop them from aid.
Seriously?  They are part of the US.  Educate yourself.
Climate change 12 illogical GOP fuckwits 0 #impeach45
What about Mexico? Adults, babies and children are dead.
Thank you
When are POTUS and FLOTUS going to Puerto Rico and the U. S. Virgin Islands? Maybe you can pop in on your next trip to or from Mar-a-Lago.
Best thing you can do is pardon Puerto Rico's debt to US
#pardonPRdebt  #UnidosPorPuertoRico #repealjonesact
Thank you for being a great leader
Mr President please help PR though FL was hit hard we are concerned about our PR friends and they need HELP
As soon as I know where it is on a map...
Please help these people and the other Islands as well !
Thank you Mr President..my family are in Puerto Rico ..the worst part is not knowing how they r doin 
.
Thank you for being such an amazing President! 
Lord we pray for #PuertoRico and hope #PR are all praying in #PuertoRico  #PrayForPuertoRico #PrayForTheWorld
Naw. Too busy whining about football and basketball players to focus on what is really important.
Thank u my dear president Trump .. you Rock! 
America is watching you and we will hold you to your prayers mine. Also don't forget the ravaged Virgin n Islands!
U don’t give a shit about them u liar
Thanks Mr President.Great UN Speech.
God Bless
The federal government NEEDS to waive the Jones Act so that #puertorico can receive gas and other commodities!
I heard chunks of concrete torn from buildings! That's insane! Yes we must help Puerto Rico.
@realDonaldTrump Is doing a lot of good things for our country he just needs to think before he speaks
Soooo, should we talk about climate change now???
Is time that the Puertorican people see what i see on you a GREAT Leader . For the million of us in New York ,Florida,Massachusetts, Ilinois
You have no heart, Tin Man.
Are we out of $$$ yet?
This guy pretending care lol
What have you done so far to help the people of Puerto Rico? I know Cuomo has assembled a team. Where are you and your help?
3 million Americans in Puerto Rico. Have a few working weekends @WH & donate  $3 million per trip to Maralargo, to Puerto Rico HELP
And global warming was a hoax perpetrated by China.  Ass.
What a dick head
And by "there" he means at a golf course.
Like we were there to help Mexico who withdrew all their assistance after you insulted them? That kind of there?
Where is the help idiot ?
Not PUERTO RICO! " 
80,000 people think ur stupid
Thank you Mr. President !!! 
do something we r slowly dying.  do u even care
Q1q11qq11l5
Lets protect them from the Red Cross doing to them what they've done to Harvey Victims! https://youtu.be/GfiFvFKNt3Y  Get Rid of Criminals of USA
you can help by understanding climate change is real
Did someone finally tell you PR was a US territory?
How about Mexico? Nothing? Figures. Ass
https://twitter.com/womensmediacntr/status/911216048061460480 …]
Harvard study documents anti-Clinton media bias - Women’s Media Center http://www.womensmediacenter.com/news-features/harvard-study-documents-anti-clinton-media-bias#.WcULp4nFtjM.twitter …
Well America kind of has to, its our territory...
Why not help Mexico with the EQ that just happened?
Thx
