So really less than 20 % of America. If your smart enough to figure out my math let me know.
*you’re
I am
54% of Americans think you lie all the time
Only when he is awake or talking in his sleep.
Liar.
Bigly.
You couldn't tell the truth if your life depended on it. #LiarLiarPantsOnFire 
You act more guilty every day. You think Putin will protect You? When all the truth comes out he will watch you go down in flames. Be careful when you meet him next, don't take any drinks from him 
I imagine a couple of days of waterboarding would help him remember a few truths. If not it would still be entertaining.
Not sure how you're getting to your numbers but....they're wrong..
You have the thinnest skin, not only of all the Presidents, but of any man I have ever heard of or known. Is that why the orange glows through?
Lol


Never in a million years would I have thought this type of terrorist attack would take place in an American election, But now we know!
Mr. President, this is a very serious accusation as the accusation that Fox News is a propaganda mouthpiece for a corrupt Administration.

I propose that the next Congress establishes an independent commission to thoroughly study this matter.

#FakeNews
#StateMedia


How can it be fake news when it comes right out of your mouth and in writing on Twitter. Take your meds, Donald!
"Think"? It's so obvious in any other time they would have been shot for sedition.
Americans know that the #MSM is nothing but anti-Trump hacks
The #MSM's loss is America's gain!
#dotard
America has been onto them for some time now
I think 46% is inflated. Your base is only 32%
#ImpeachTrumpNow
@realDonaldTrump  instead of tweeting you could take a plane ride down and apologize to the Johnson family for being you know... You..
37% approval rating.  It's actually much worse than this.

Two words.  "Lyin Trump" or "Dishonest Don" whatever you prefer.
Oh my! someone tells @realDonaldTrump whatever .. so they can go home for the day. Your info is altered, or whatever 45
STATE. RUN. MEDIA.
Oh so @FoxNews is wrong?!  Actually i dont think they are.  Better yet watching your videos, reading your tweets i know EXACTLY what you are
I wanna ask you whens the last time you took a shower but im sure that would turn into locker room talk about russia the 80s and 2 hookers.
Lower. That number is much, much lower.
We believe you!!
You believe a man that has told over 1000 lies or untruths in less than a year in office?
Yeah - worse (to you) because the other 54% are certain you’re the one inventing stories!
Your approval rating has been under 40% for months. The majority hate you.
No One Trusts You & Your Team All Your Lies Have Caught Up To You & Quit Speaking Of Yourself In The 3rd Party #TrumpIsAMoron #25ththe45th
You no longer have the authority to speak on truth. You are a pathological liar.
I would say that number is a lot higher. 68%+ and climbing.
76% of Americans think Trump is a pathological liar. #WorstPresidentEver #LockHimUp
51% of Americans don’t think you are fit to be President. It’s actually much worse. Loser!
Your right it is much worse than this, the stat was actually 76% of YOUR supporters apparently actually believe the bullshit you spew.
This means that 54% doesn't..... 54 is greater than 46
How do you know that this story wasn't invented by the media?  You don't!
The media also includes Fox News.  Oh wait maybe you weren't including state-run media in those stats.
You attack the free press more than you attack Russia.  That should tell us all something alone.
America Loves @POTUS TRUMP!!! :)
@Bernie got destroyed by @tedcruz  LMAO!! he wouldn't have stood a chance against TRUMP :)
Funny fact, socialism does work... for the first couple of years
Then when other people's money runs out, things get ugly
Liberals..
Paid by Putin? Get a real job.
You are so full of it
70% of Americans want you in jail. We will storm the White House if we have to, but you will NOT stay
a twitter president supported by BOTS accuses everyone else of faking it. what strange times we live in.
No. Everyone knows you are FAKE PRESIDENT. Everyone. The world knows.
FoxNews is the only teat you can suckle.  Poor Donnie.  Nobody loves you.  #MuellerIsComing
Sorry, dotard. Facts are facts and real news is real news, no matter how many suckers get conned by you and Fox News. You're guilty!
90% of Americans can see through your repeated lies.
It's in plain view. This woman had come forward to say you disrespected her son. This isn't fake news. Are you calling her a liar?
This will never stop being relevant.
When Fox gives a report on fake news, that is like Donald telling us how much he respects women.   Ironic at best.
That is 46 % of republican voters by the way - just another example of how Donald's truth is always fake.
Where did you get this fake info?

Where did you find those stats, must have been from fox viewers.
Fake news has been around since Mark Anthony and Cleopatra.
so sad and pathetic. Your words and “statistics” are so humorous seems like you are a clown not president.
I can't wait til you're gone. You are destroying everything we love about our country. Vile hateful man.
You're still watching low ratings fox news? I thought you were all about the ratings? And just an FYI - PEOPLE LIE!
You mean Hannity & everyone else at Fox News

Cram it, clowny!  

Time for another spanking, Donnie boy? Do you want Stormy or someone new?
.  Yeah Okay!!! I don’t watch Fox because it nothing but kiss ass trumpers, there’s no real news there!! BOO BOO
Fox is the worst.
#TrumpCredibility #TrumpFakeNews #TrumpLiesMatter #FoxNews #CNN #MSNBC #DonaldTrump #POTUS #POTUSVSG #POTUS45 #POTUSTrump #credibility #TrumpCantBeTrusted #TrumpLies
Yes, it is. Because the lying is coming straight from the White (Lie) House.
You are correct, at FOXNews does this all the time.
Fake news is a terrible problem. Especially the fact that almost 100% of it is coming out of the @WhiteHouse and out of your mouth. And the fact that there are outlets like FOX and Sinclair that will broadcast that fakenews as real makes it all the more horrendous.
I’m not sure news about you can get much worse.

You, the POTUS, are leading us to civil war.  Your assault on 1A will not be tolerated. Your assault on the rule of law will not be tolerated.  If you’re innocent of crimes, quit acting like you’re guilty.
Yes, it IS much worse! Most people know the person inventing the stories is YOU!! And I don’t know how you get worse that Fox News, but I suppose Sinclair is going to try and top it!

Thank goodness for @FoxNews...
Except Shepard Smith--he belongs at CNN.
Why do all of your responses look the same?? Everyone is a bot... omg go see Dr. Phil
Judy, put your crack pipe away. Drugs are bad for you
Here we go again. Thanks for proving again that 99% of trumpists are gutless fake trolls or bots.
Judy, I'm pretty sure Obamacare covers drug dependency. Get some help
Fox News *is* actually much worse than  that, true. That’s why they’re called Fox Entertainmemt. They lie continuously. 
There is real news out there, but you neither like it nor disseminate it. You just want constant praise and idolatry, which requires constant lying.








Thank you for keeping the promise of making America rich again!
Look when that uptick started. Weird isn't it.
I wonder who created that chart? Probably a Liberal bastard trying to infest gullible little minds. OBAMA MADE US IN A 5 TRILLION$ DEBT!!!
You think that is fake? Kind of negates anything else you say. Do you remember the economy he was left with & what happened with debt prior?
I do remember. We got in an even worser debt and he didn't even try to fix it! Also, he took jobs away from us! Oh yeah, he was a great pres
Solid response. Fact: unemployment was at all time lows under Obama & continues under Trump. Noticed u didn't mention stock market again.
I do not know much about the Stock Market. But, what I do know if that Trump is trying to save us.
I'm not, no. Own a business & employed. You?
Ego ego ego ego ego ego ego ego ego, oh your precious ego.
Oh, little fella, everyone knows you make up figures. TRY A NEW GAME. GO TO YOUR ROOM AND MAKE UP SOMETHING ELSE LITTLE BOY.
99% of Americans KNOW you LIE EVERY TIME YOU OPEN YOUR MOUTH.
Propaganda just like the Russians started.  Trump makes his own inventions with lies and fake news. He needs no help. Don’t believe this.
54% believe Fox news is your propaganda channel (fake news)
is that Faux Entertainment News statistics? They are about as believable as you are . #Liars @FoxNews
Everybody knows Fake News Media is Lying & making it up.  Democrats won’t admit it though, but they know just like w Weinstein!
I  love the media they tell it like it is,just because they dont agree with you , you know your not as great as u think
you can't distract whole country. Sure Neanderthal who watch the football and virgins hapy to see it banned. Test of country onto your Game
Totally, so much of it is true and people refuse to accept how awful you are
Actually the majority of americans believe you to be a fake president.
and that if a fact not alternative fake news
This is an incorrect STAT.  Most know they are reporting the truth. Americans deserve the truth about their President and his Adm.
Poll: Nearly Half of Americans Think Media Is Making up Stories on Trump
So he lied about that number also!
Faux News... really, didn't they report the massive deaths at Bowling Green?
What's you're data/source?
Follow Liars people that insult handicap and pows, Gold Star. etc...etc...etc..   He is a pompas add like everyone forgets his insults
Um, and just where and when was this "poll" done? How did they come up with the numbers?

Yeah those fake news now days, they really need to stop
Many of us who have seen real situations twisted by the news knows the truth in this statement.
Boo Fucking Hoo.  Go get a bottle and take a nap.  #Resist
Mental Case!
And, 50% of Americans believe in some conspiracy theory. Coincidence? I.E. Jade Helm 15, 911, birthers, etc.  How many shared in 46%?
Think the numbers are much higher.
-Partial truth in this 3rd person tweet —
95% of Americans are not media literate. They don't realize all media is constructed. Not fake news just a different narrative to same story
#trumpsawhitesupremacist #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist #TrumpIsAMoron #trumpisracist #fucktrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow #TrumpLies
Only 2000 people were polled in a nation of Hundreds of Millions so how is that 46% of Americans??? Get a clue clown!
You are trump. Say "me," you tool.
Fox news invents news not the rest of the media. KAC told u that the more unrepeat something ppl eventually think its true.
Oh shut up already
YOU ARE THE SOURCE OF FAKE NEWS AND AN ADMITTED SEXUAL PREDATOR
100% of me thinks U R a huge sleazy shonk - that isn't fake
The majority of Americans know you are a pathological liar. You will be impeached or killed before your term is over. The media is correct
Only 46%? Where R remaining 64%? Time 2wake up folks.America'll move in the right direction when 100% believe the media is the enemy within.
So wonderful to hear this man speak today https://t.co/LZguUJr0YC?ssr=true
The fake news , sore losers who consistently engage to  undermine our presidents. Get over it and join the movement to make america great
Your becoming more delusional and paranoid by the day the only fake news comes from you Chump
90% Of Americans want the Orange Piece of crap GONE! ! STOP THIS FAKE BULLSHIT!  RESIGN NOW!
The Republican party of the 1800s has very little to do with the Republican party of today.
Yeah.  It defies belief that this is the cluster f*ck they put in office.  But also: Faux News survey?   Phhhht!
Don't you get it you are taped and recorded in everything you say or do Fox is the fake news they r so far up ur ass it's embarrassing, yuck
what is much worse than this?
knows all about fake news
No, you are doing just as bad as the media says if not worse.
How are those bank interest repayments going? 300 million owed by you to Deutsche Bank because no one in the USA will touch you.
62% of Americans don't believe you are honest and trustworthy. It's actually much worse than that. #LiarInChief #LyinTrump #Twitterstorm
I know I am inventing stories. Did you know @realDonaldTrump is into Xylophilia and Lithophilia?  That is why he likes buildings.
No matter how much U try to discredit the media,The media is here to stay..

You knew what you were signing up for.
Where trump gets his stats
If you believe Fox, than you deserve whatever herpes you get from it! How about trying to DO YOUR JOB? Forget OReilly&Hannity/ They stink!
Yes.  46% of Americans know that Fox News is inventing stories to make you look better. And, you are actually far worse than we know. Resign
Most of America knows your a liar and a fraud.
Let me guess. They all watch @FoxNews who as 100% of people who have a brain realize it’s your state run media.
It is worse. They don’t have to make things up. Unpresidented trump is actually this moronic. Rex is right. #25thAmendmentNow
Yes we know your Administration is much worse than just 46%
When do you work?
Fox News certainly is. It's Pravda to Trump's Stalin.
Who told you that?
The fake navy seal glass guy?
You will not win your battle to take away our free speech, free press, no matter what crap you put out there.
So you're saying this is fake.  As in fake news
As a Turkish citizen i dont believe in what you say Mr. You are manipulating your own citizens. But http://congrats.You  are good at it
90% of Americans believe YOUR story about Obamas birth certificate is fake
Even if this was true it's still better than 95% of what trump says is garbage
95% wish the existence of Trump and his administration was fake news. @cnnbrk @WSJ
Ya think????
Ummm... Do you not read your Twitter replies? I think you are nuts!
So that means 54% think the stories are true.   The majority believe you are a lying #dotard
Must be a Fox fake news poll...lol
I see that was reported by FOXNews. Or is that fox propaganda network? Fake news? I guess it takes one to know one.
46% American what? Republicans?
No doubt, better check statistics again instead of making these numbers up, because that's what you do!
When you show the statement of BARACK OBAMA SPEECHES.who yeah.COMPLETE NO EDITING then maybe your not a democratic news media all of you
Says fox news who invented a Trump supporting Vietnam vet. Hello is that the pot calling
would you call NBC fake news if they said you are the best president in our history?

75% of Americans won’t be voting for you in 2020. How ya like them apples mr president* ?

We know the truth... Go Trump, Never Surrender
More like 80 percent.
...we switch to FOX .We want the truth not lies made up or twisted stories Lies put out by fake news diminishes the success stories of Trump
Lol
You are looking at the wrong polls

#13hardeneddemocrats
so that means 56 percent know the truth..same ones who voted for Hillary..she won pop vote
No they dont Donny. Trying to discredit media cant hide the facts of your failures
Go to sleep!
#HitlersHandbook
But 100% of the world know you wear a syrup. Come on Ronald sort your wig out.
Wow about the same % as your base...and even a % of them I am sure doubt their conviction. Cry wolf a few more times and see what happens %!
Lying Donald
That's because it included Breitbart, GatewayPundit, Infowars, et al
And 99.9% of the white house has created ALL "fake news" Please start telling the truth mr trump, your lies make me nauseous.
A higher percent of Americans think you should be impeached 

#impeachtrump
You keep mentioning faux as if they are a news source. Get it together!

WRONG!!!!!!! #NIGERAMBUSH #NIGERAMBUSH #TRUMPRUSSIA #SHAMEISYOURNAME
let's ask anyone other than faux & see if you can even get close to half as faux couldn't.
Where did that stat come from
With you mr president
Awwww, do you want your woobie and blankee?
Amen, they've been doing it from day one!
Perhaps only 46% of Americans think
Idiot thinks saying the majority of Americans (54% know he is a traitor) was clever IT WAS not but that number will grow, Grow AND GROW
Like some getting indicted.
