U liberals call everyone racist, & the funny thing is, u all are racist.
Thanks @jessebwatters  for having the #strength to stand up for our President @POTUS  you are a true American 
I could never get into Special Victims Unit, but honestly it’s just good that the series ran as long as it did.
Of course he is! He's a man of his word!
RT @TheFive: "Trump just won on law & order and now he's delivering the goods." -@jessebwatters #thefive...
law and order president pardons racist sheriff who scoffed at a court order #hypocrite

Will you tune out of your favorite sporting event or television show awards etc if it gets Political?
@DonaldJTrumpJr @jessebwatters trump supporters are delusional. Not too intelligent.
Speaking of law and order...#POTUS should order the FBI  to turn over the Hillary emails
@realDonaldTrump @jessebwatters You think pardonning a law breaker is law and order. Far from it. Crooked Donald is a law breaker.
And Hilliary is an angel. Give me a break
Almost everything Trump says about Hillary, he has done worse. Lock him up!

All jobs are important for  but what sector is most important that we need the most?
I will provide any kinds of Facebook vote. If you need this vote. Very fast delivery.
Contact me-
Details visit-
If my mom was killed by a mugger I'd be for strict law & order, too.
That's a lie he's losing
Conceded, Sick Sexual Predator, Liar, Deceiver, Con, Abuse of Power, Narcissist Pig, Racist, Overthrow Government ,JAIL 4U, Mueller Coming!
Please put Juan out to the CNN pasture. How do you sit and listen to his tribble?
Real..?...@ http://kiliedutravel.com 
I like you Jesse. But put Eric back on TV
Delivering the goods.
And the bads.
Proof of just how unfit @POTUS
nope
Yea go 45
2) & contributing 2 our country same way as people born here & then deporting them just because Trump doesn't like their culture is SO WRONG
1) Deporting immigrants who came here with a dream for a better life & their children, contributed to our country by working here and paying
@jessebwatters  #thefive   If the Dreamers want to stay in the US why have they not become legal citizens?
Dun Dun
he is delivering nothing and has delivered nothing so far. look at the whole ecosystem in DC. It was a mess and he as made it even worse

@POTUS NAFTA was supposed to help Mexico,but Mexico isn't helping is people.DACA proved that. Shut Down NAFTA
FAKE NEWS!!! FAKE NEWS!!! FAKE NEWS!!! FAKE NEWS!!! 
FAKE NEWS!!!
The world is watching, and it makes America appear to be internally Weak! Obama & his cohorts are getting book deals &  TV interviews
@foxnewspolitics "It was GREAT to watch "The Five" without Juan Williams negativity! Please fire him! 
There is a video on Facebook  &  Obama  is saying  the USA  should send all illegals back to Mexico
Russian goods? Corruption goods? Oh, wait, wait. I know. MENSA member goods, I'm sure.
JUAN WILLIAMS JUST CAN'T HELP HIMSELF W/ HIS LIBERAL VIEWS. CAN U FIRE HIM? WOULD BE A LOVELY PROGRAM W/O HIS DISHONESTY. KEEPS VINDICATING!
PLEASE KEEP IT GOING. AMERICANS WILL HAVE TO SEE THE TRUTH. DEMS MUST COME TO THEIR SENSES. CAN'T LOCK THEM ALL UP EVEN IF WOULD LIKE TO.
Nope
Nope
By the way .... It is so nice without Dana !
Hey FBI did not find any illegal wire tapping at the Trump Towers imagine that
Fay Grover. Detainee at York Prison.  7 year Veteran. Deporting a person who served this country with honor. Dump Trump
I believe in Trump. But deporting a Vet is Bottm of Barrel. 
Say it isnt so
Lets see how much love DJT has for VETERANS
Deporting a 7 year miltary veteran. Raped in her service to country.  Now we toss her out.  law and order my ASS
You mean conning all of the regular Americans into believing he's actually standing up for you?
I would say he's very good at that.
Law and order that is BREAKING THE LAWS! All he's done is emboldened law enforcement to be more forceful for no reason. He'll pardon them!
He Is The Best President that we had, since, I can't remember when? The only other that I could come up with is Ronald Reagan! Thank U Mr T
How much are you getting paid to say that crap. Trump wouldn't know law & order if it bit him in the crotch. Ex: Arpaio,  white supremacist
Law & order? Trump overthrew the law to free a racist.  Trump brings chaos not order. Quit sucking his dick @jessebwatters
When you run a concentration camp on American soil but it's okay because your bff is the President
Huh?
Is this a porno show?

Gov Abbott: "I have NEVER Seen a President and Vice President respond as SWIFTLY & EFFECTIVELY to people in need like Trump/Pence!" #Harvey 
You ain't no Bishop, not with all that hate in your heart The Bible tells us not to judge other people and you are doing just that!

Huh??? 
Is there a puke emoji?

This meme is perfect. Our POTUS was elected for this reason.
Law and Order means ending Illegal Immigration and DACA... This is why @realDonaldTrump was elected...
Hello
He is UNLAWFUL,VIOLENCE,OPPRESION and ANTIHUMAN RIGHTS Prez
Joke?  Or bot.
To Russia.

his check will bounce
LMFAO
Only as long as he and his cronies aren't being investigated right?
Trump won on law and order when he pardoned arpaio! When he pardons the "russian scandal criminals next!
That's right! The democrats aren't worthy to shine his shoes.
He won on bigotry bias malice and total disdain for anyone who does not think like he does you people just can't wake up to the facts
One word @jessebwatters sharknado. Doesn't that put it in perspective? There's a shark on the road. #IDIOT #FakeNews #checkyoursources

You also won on ending mass immigration! #EndDACA end it now!
pardon me pleas: what has Trump won? Law and order have been killed by POTUS since January!
Oh please... He's done nothing. Nothing.
delivering here means pardoning and goods means criminally racist sheriffs.
I never saw that episode!
#Trumpanzee
Bull! When will donate the million he said he would? No record just talk.


Law found Arpiao guilty and trump let him get away with it. trump has no respect for law and order only words.
50 Semis full of #Playdoh?
Signing ineffective executive orders is hardly delivering the goods.
I hope the President keeps his promise and gets rid of DACA and send those Dreamers back 2 their country! We have laws, all invaders must go
Trump needs to declare MARSHALL LAW, gather up the thugs! ANTIFA AMERICA's ISIS!
Um, martial law
Indeed, pardoning a guilty policeman is law and order for orange losers.
Trump is a ROCKSTAR!!!
Whatever your the loser what have you all done for your country???? What???

Trump just said quarterly GDP growth under Obama never reached 3%. It was 4.5% Q2 2014, over 5% in Q3 2014. Over 3% in '13 & Q1, 2015
'The Creature' auditioning for ANTIFA. https://www.facebook.com/AWEsomeSaucecom/videos/688306234660383/?hc_location=ufi …
Seriously, how is he the law and order president? Is it because he governs like he is still on TV?
Love the show today.  FLOTUS should show them all and wear scuba flippers next time she goes down there.  Seriously shoes, what's next.
Yes!!!!!
Not so fast, the Judge that needs to sign off the Pardon is holding off signing it, Arapio may not be so free.
Are you that naive?  Have you been drinking the Kool Aid.  He pardoned a viscous criminal.  Is that how he delivers the goods?
Dream on Bishop, dream on
Love your show, stopped watching the local channels. I'm done, the Philly Guy says it's time to watch real reporting.Thank you for the truth
You can't be for law & order AND pardon someone who has no remorse for breaking law and violating rights
What a bunch of bullshit you are.  What he is delivering is a lot of lies and bullshit.  JK
@realDonaldTrump is so low in the polls.
Lmao!!! Ur crazy
By pardoning someone who violated a court order??? Law and Order my ass.
Yet the laws that were broken by all that were deported are ok because.......?
To 45*, violating civil rights and basic human rights are "law and order". The Constitution doesn't see it that way, fortunately
Trump, the man who shows zero respect for our laws, won on Law & Order? Jessie, you're either high, lyin, or not American! The law will win!
President Trump is fulfilling all promises to American public, hurray @realDonaldTrump #MASA #MAGA #TrumpTrain #DTS #LockHerUp #BuildTheWall
@Origina7Man
Where?
He's a abject failure in his duties. #HurricaneMueller
Boy is this bullshit
#30percentpresident
@realDonaldTrump WON because of #russia #racist and #idiots
Don't see any consequences for antifa ? So law and order is yet to b determined!
Hitler won on Law and Order and also delivered the goods. #FoxNatzi
You realize "Law & Order" is a fictional TV show, right?
oh sure, a real law and order guy.....a cheat, liar and law breaker   will be caught soon!
Pardoning a  true Nazi of our time in Joe Arpaio? That's all you need to know about white supremacist Donnie J(ackass) IncompeTrump.
Nice one snowflake, nice one
Trumps D O J will have to deem all rioters who attack peaceful protesters as a criminal hate group and arrest all of them
yes pardon all the racists
#fakenews
TRUMP TEACH TRY TACKLE TROUNCE TRICK TERRIFY TRAMPLE TREAD TERMINATE & TRASH TERRIBLE TRICKSTER "TRAITORS" @kimguilfoyle @GregGutfeldShow 
Lies. Fake news at Faux News.
Welcome to #POLICESTATE where the judiciary is irrelevant.
So dangerous.  Fools at Fox News are so very dangerous by placating this infantile president.
Asinus asinum fricat.

GREAT NEWS
EXPOSING THE LIE OF ISLAM PDF FREE EBOOK
First President ever President Trump is showing America we are first in this time of great need.  God Bless You.
all of you are going to prison or exile...you will not want to be free in America in the future...u will need protected by your Soviet daddy
To Trump:
Make Trump great again 
RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS
By pardoning a crooked sheriff that broke the law.
Sometimes you feel a nut; sometimes you don't: Trump still has a nutty base and the popular vote don't!
You win an investigation by law and order. They're coming for you.
The goods? What goods? More hats made in Bangladesh?
Not a TV show, but WHAT GOODS is he actually delivery?  Refresh our memories

Trump Family = TREASON
Republican = RUSSIAN
LOCK THEM ALL UP!!!!!!
Bot
Someone on Fox just endorsed something you did? AMAZING! #pacifyingthemanbaby
He "just" won what? Worst approval rating ever?
@realDonaldTrump @jessebwatters hahahahaha idoit
...by letting criminal #racistJoe out of jail.

I don't think I like the white supremacists version of 'law and order'
tRUmp's a Joke
Not according to the judge lmfao - he can't even get a pardon right!
The only law and order that affected u is the bill Congress made u sign forcing u to not end Russian sanctions Traitor
Oh is that what you call his pardon?  Trump is a loser and so are the dimwits that work for him
Was Trump ever on Law & Order? Because I would watch that episode.
When does he go after antifa, Debbie wasserman, he can order DOJ!
But let justice roll on like a river,
righteousness like a never-failing stream! Amos 5:24
