President Flaccid.
He's going to spill the beans, pork piece and all 
You made an excellent decision!
You'll be hiring him as usher?
No, you've poisoned him.
Now it's bright... he's free from the stigma of protecting a liar! Resign... #fakepresident
He lied for you. His credibility has suffered due to U constantly changed your message in your foolish tweets causing him to look foolish.
he took a lot of shit for reporting your fake news genius!
Only fake media is you, buffoon! He was only abused by you, buffoon.
We love Sean! He is a great man! We wish him the best! 
I love him.He stood up to the asshole president that is firing his way through his presidency.Sit tight, he'll have to fire people appointed
He took tremendous abuse from the #FakePresident because you sent him out there with lies. Everything about you is corrupt and malignant.
Support you 100% DJT 
It's all starting to crumble down around you, is t it Donnie 
She's so good. Has a way of calmly shutting down the hysteria. Like a really great mom or teacher. #GoSarah
Sean Spicer took abuse from the media because Trump sent him out to lie. Trump abused Spicer more than anybody.
On Spicer's first day he had to keep a straight face defending Trump's absurd crowd size lie. Give that man an Oscar.

Safe to say his future is brighter than your Comrade...if Mueller don't get ya Putin will.

He couldn't stand the heat, just like a snowflake.
MAGA
He lied for you like a craven sycophant, then you discarded him when he was used up. The arc of the Trump chump.
Sean Spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the Fake News Media - but his future is bright!
Sean Spicer is lucky to have survived your abuse. People talk, Donald. They talk.
People do talk, too bad most of  you are deaf! #makeamericagreatagain #prouddeplorable
We all know like Russia, you are the perp of fake news....ie clinton
Your simply disgusting no redeeming values. Take your money and your a THUG
Of course, his boss was an idiot, but we won't talk about that.
You sent him out to lie from the 1st day!
You prevented this "wonderful" man from seeing the pope when he was nothing but loyal to you. Sad
You're a bigly tool! #PresidiotTrump
Too bad, yours isn't.
He will make big bucks writing a book exposing your temple of lies.
@potus 

He signed up for all of the abusive shit you did to him, but maybe he'll save his soul yet.
1500 nwspprs, 1100 mags, 9000 radio, 1500 tv, 2400 publshrs, owned by 6 corps, 272 excutves; Current #'s ?
Gooday Mr. President.
Pertinent beginning.
Psalm 61:8, Book of Daniel 11:1-4
Good day.
Mr. President(Sir)
Sir; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S02SNC8xpzU … directed.
He does indeed have a tough job - thank you @realDonaldTrump of giving @PressSec the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to meet @Pontifex
With all due respect Stephanie, screw Spicer.  That was karma.
Please resign.
Keep wishing we'll keep laughing at you
Psalm 149:4
For the #Lord takes #pleasure in His #people; He will beautify the #humble with #salvation.
#Putinbot
You wouldn't even let Spicey meet the Pope.
I'm no @PressSec fan but that was such a cruel thing Trump did to Sean
Can't wait for Spicey to spill all the beans now that he's out… he's already admitted to feeling "relieved"
The only question is which scumbag will throw which scumbag under the wheels of which bus first?
POLL 

Did @PressSec do a good job?

Vote below and RETWEET
THE FAKE MEDIA IS LOSING BIGLY!!
I'm glad Spicer is finally free. Seemed like an uncomfortable situation for him.
Based on the number of times he said "I haven't talked to the president about that," I'm assuming you guys didn't get to see each other much

he took abuse because he was having to deal with your lies! after awhile it broke him.
Sean spicer was smart. PERIOD!!!
You all are freaking crazy!!! I will miss SS, but he was a nut that resorted to drawings. Smh
His future outside your administration, you meant.  And whatever became of Scaramucci??    Fun looking through old tweets.
Sean Spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the Fake News Media - but his future is bright!...
Almost correct. It's "President" Trump, #LyingPOTUS in chief
Thank you for taking the time to reply to my tweet. 
The Press does NOT referee.
You're. You're. You're. FFS.
Is Spicey gonna open a landscaping business?
Its true
You r THR FAKE NEWS LIKE UR TAN AND YOUR WIG
Yes, I look forward to his book. Hope he took copious notes.

He took abuse and bulling from his BOSS you. #uglypeople
Fake Orange President
Good Luck Sean we know you will do well
did you actually tweet this?  please resign now.
Sir, I am so sorry for what the news report about your family and employees.  God bless you all. You make me proud I voted for you.
He walked out and lied daily for you now he is washed up too!
Please, Spicey, @seanspicer, you MUST pen a tell-all. I bet tons of publishers are dying to pay you millions.
sean spicer may have 1 IQ point higher than your 30 IQ points and the only abuse was the lies you had him tell the american people

The journalistic media is real, FOX is fake, Breitbart is fake, you are fake. And bad as fake Spicer was, he was better than Scaramucci.
It bothered me greatly that you didnt let him meet the Pope..I hear Hes a devoted Catholic..sad
Swimming with the sharks just like Mike Phelps Fake News!
They can be so diminishing to the Human heart, mind and spirit.
He is a wonderful human.  Smart too.  Getting smarter.
He took tremendous abuse from you who did not even include him w the Pope visit after he gave you all he gave you his all.
He took abuse from you, and was stupid enuf to plug your lies. 
Sean was abused because you made him lie for you day in day out period! He leaves the WH with a damaged reputation to no fault of his own
Glad that spicer escaped!
SS took abuse and humiliation from you.   Nothing he could do with such an unpopular president.  Weakest president ever.
Perhaps he lost his integrity from telling your lies and finally gave up.
And you gave him nothing but lies to defend.
I bet Spicer has major dirt on you better tip toe on this little hands
I agree on spicer .. a great human being .... Lots of luck to him , plus in the military... great man
Unlike yours.
We will miss Spicey!
F U
Sean Spicer did a superb job. He paved the way like a true warrior and I feel he was always loyal to you President Trump and America.
You abused him and made a fool out of him, repeating you lies to the people of the United States.  #FakePresident
He was looking to bolster his resume. I guess too many lies overcame him.
I guess he should wear shades?
Maybe he'll use you as a reference.
Many people are saying he took the abuse from you.
What fake news do you keep talking about? You're batshit crazy.
With a friend like U who needs enemies, the only thing FAKE is U! Word& thoughtful words matter not to U, this U have shown again & again
Pants on FIRE in chief
#FakePresident
Says the guy that starred the birth certificate lie... #karma
He was a loyal spokesman for you
Yes he did take a lot of abuse, because he was lying for you Mr President
U ABUSED SPICEY. U DIDNT ALLOW HIM TO SEE THE POPE. U MADE HIM LOOK LIKE A FOOL LYING FOR U EVERY SINGLE DAY.  HEY WASNT A GOOD LIAR .
I think Spicer took more abuse from you.
Then why did you fire him?
He doesn't have a job yet future is bright. Wondering how much you paid him on the side to keep his mouth shut about all he knows.
You ruined his life.
@SeanSpicer has no future. He lied for you each and every day. Glad he never met the Pope. There were already too many liars in the room.
You know that's BS DT
U mean the man that had to back ur pathetic lies about crowd size, illegal votes and the nonsense you feed your base as the Fake News leader
And he probably thinks you suck
Sean Spicer was nice enough to walk away Sir.
A gentleman and patient with all that stupid repetitive questions good job Sean Spicer! 
I hope he writes a book! it would be a bestseller! He will need all our assistance and well wishes to find his integrity again
I liked Sean. May he have success in his future endeavors
I can't wait to read his book!!! You know he will tell all.
There are only 65 million ppl out here screaming, Stop wasting my tax dollars on this! MUELLER YOU ARE FIRED! THE  TAXPAYERS! @POTUS DO IT!
He took abuse from YOU.  Too much of a moral man to continue to be your puppet.
And a fake president.
He was good but kept falling down rabbit holes from liars,see how this new guy does,this is how it's done in the real business world.....
.@POTUS IS IT POSSIBLE THAT U CAN KEEP A THOUGHT OR 2 to urself? AN AG IS HIS OWN MAN, & SHOULD B. CANT BE A PUPPET. HE IS A GOOD HONEST MAN
Spicer took abuse from you Trump.
I loved him and how he handled the news media
I guess there is no honor amongst fake people.
I agree Mr President!
Donald Trump's @RealDonaldTrump's incantations about fake media and "nothing here to see" about Russia, simply backfire.
He's getting out before they send you and your family to prison. Good for him.
LOL
Get Sean back. He was one of your greatest assets. Your supporters love him in clouding me. Whatever you have to do get him back on team
And he apparently took tremendous abuse from you!
- Sean's future is bright b'cuz of all the Labor attorneys lining up to sue U for forcing Sean to wear Bunny Suit
He hates you
If fake news, why do they have your number?
If it's "fake" why did Spicey get so angry and why are you so afraid of it?
You have a trend going it looks like. Use and throw away your closest allies.  Try listening for a change.  These people are extremely smart
All Zionist news is fake. Especially when the blame Isis on Muslims. We know it's Israel. Israel did 9/11
you had the guy LIE for you. SAD 
He took abuse because you constantly put him in the hot seat trying to explain what asinine thing you were doing or saying.



Amen!!!!
He took tremendous abuse from YOU!  You must be a nightmare to work for.
Praying for you Mr. President!
He took more abuse from you. You are cheered by increasingly small crowds because decent people see the light: you're a fraud and a bully.
You call everything fake news
Hahahaha
He was a sycophant, glad he's gone
I am sure he's a wonderful guy, who was internally conflicted lyin for you and defend your criminal ass.
#trumpisMentallyill 
#trumpisaThug
Am sure being your mouth-piece has sullied both his career and his sense of self-worth irreparably.
Donald trump is a not so wonderful person who took tremendus abuse from the buy one get one half off spray tan deal
You wrecked his career....!!!
I lvd Melissa McCarthy's imitation of him! Spot on! Alec Baldwin does a great job on SNL too. In fact, I think Alec should b the actual prez

His abuse came because of lying for you. HRC won the popular vote and your illegitimate.
This seems apt in light of the departure of another Trump admin official
Oh, of course. I don't even have eyes and I can see through your bullshit.
I smell a RAT
Spicer was tired of LYING FOR YOU
The only abuse he took was from you.
Don just quit and we won't put you in jail.
Unprecedented what they put him through.  We no longer have real news in this country.  Just an extension of the Democrat Party.
PRESIDENT Trump- my personal opinion only: I love Kellyanne, a beautiful role model for women. But the press are nasty bullies
Yep! Don't blame him!
His future so bright he had to wear shades and hide in bushes as part of your administration ya fake news did him in phsss!!!
#Spicer has a bright future NOW since he quit #TrumpRussia. Trying to cover up #TrumpLies finally got the best of him #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
It looks brighter now that he is no longer associated with you. I felt bad for him...having to try and spin your madness in a positive light

He deserves a job @ top-tier Trump golf course or hotel!! Would make a great mgt trainee!! #MAGA
