#ATC better pay? #GA more cost? Seamlessly transitioning from #FED? What's real @realDonaldTrump? An direct answer would be appreciated.
The An was covfefe
Keep draining the swamp. I think though it is now an ocean. Excellent work you are doing. You have your hands full & Sessions, too!
WE WANT2 KNOW WHEN Trump is TESTIFYING UNDER OATH?No,we're not forgetting about this empty promise he made,WHEN?lying shit 4 brains?WHEN
Fake politics...
#Trump knows with privatization, 2 things happen, costs go down and service levels go up. Part of #SwampDraining 101, fire government! #MAGA
Focus on something that actually needs fixing. We've never been safer w/air travel.  you need a win. Waiting to be sick of winning. SAD.
This is a bait & switch tactic. Bait: Ideas for jobs program. Switch: Turn over public infrastructure assets to private interests
It's cute how you gather your cronies around a desk while you pretend to sign laws. It really is a lovely little show!
Wish we could all travel to the future, one without Donald and his merry band of racists. The US had fallen back 50 years with this dolt.
Thank you for working on the troubled aviation industry!
Yeah, that's gonna be DOA on the Hill too.   Privatization of essential Gov't services has NEVER WORKED.   Period.
How did that work for Reagan? #Trumprussia  #NotMyPresident
AGAIN making your buddies even richer, you are #SICK #BAD
Jesus @ScottPruittOK answer the damn question.  Fucking snake. #climatechange #morningjoe
The crisis that has kept America up nights-----solved!
They are so dumb
what a lardass you are! you'll lose weight in federal prison tho, they dont serve fast food there 
Or chocolate cake so delicious
Donnie, I take it you can control weather delays?
Signing a blank paper does NOTHING without legislation = ZERO!
Nope.  Privatisation is so very wrong.  I didn't see one controller there going over this.  $$$$$
did you take the time to read what you signed it was a whole lot of nothing nice try fake president

49% of Trump's Twitter followers are fake & he appears to have purchased them according to Newsweek. #DonTheCon
#Ω http://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-twitter-followers-fake-617873 … 
Don't think I want to fly anymore, after this.
That's wonderful! Now when are you going to declare that the Earth is really round?
Please get rid of all of those hijab wearing employees at the Seattle and San Fran airports, they make me nervous
Dog & Pony Show, this will never pass. Bla,bla, bla. He can't pass a law while in control of government so he fakes it for a photo op.
Isn't this a matter of national security?! What next, Bring in H-1B visa to replace Americans?! Not only the ground now the air is sold?
By privatizing it? Hell no! I may have to start taking the train if you do anything like this. #TrumpIsAnIdiot #NotMyPresident #IMissObama
It was a memo. Nothing in it is binding.
i think NASA scientists shld ramp up devt of wormhole technology...that'd immensely save on infrastructure, fuel, and material costs. 
Today you announced the firing of 30,000 federal employees
ALWAYS Wonderful to hear President Trumpspeak! Very inspiring, much winning and JOBS!!! Thank you!! America Loves You
If its privatized then it needs to make a profit which will cost more money.
I'm skeptical that privatization w/o any govt. oversight will work. It's hard to listen to a person who spews hate in every other tweet.
The future: where trump even controls the skies! We can see through your bullshit...
Enjoy it while you can. You'll be out of office soon ;)
No Amnesty got You Butt Puckered?No freebies 4 Criminal Illegals We Resist The Resistance By Reporting 2 Deport!
Also punctuation is important. One can never get the appropriate message across without the appropriate punctuation.
No Amnesty & Criminal Illegals being taken off Govt. Assistance got U Butt Hurt?Stop the Delusion HilLiar Lost!
It was really funny to watch you glow at the Adoration of the Applause. Don't let a stacked deck fool you! Majority not with you!
#AWANGATE #AWANGATE #AWANGATE #AWANGATE #AWANGATE #AWANGATE #AWANGATE #AWANGATE #AWANGATE #AWANGATE #AWANGATE #AWANGATE #AWANGATE #AWANGATE
Yes the Democrats ate all the money every year just in name of upgrading the system... 
Democrats Obstructionists...
Good initiative and thank you!!!
Boring! Update me when you build a DeLorean like you promised you would.
That's good twohaveold and new technology.
Better faster cheaper another Trump thumbs up in many!!! God bless you Mr. President!!!
Finally!! We are moving forward
Agreed. We don't need the same problems that Europe has to deal with.
Trump is planning to sell US Air Traffic Control to a company with ties to Russians and Israeli government and banks.
Your a great President Mr Trump because you put you're country first , keep up the fantastic work
Announce your resignation Trashcan Trump
U started an airline it ended as most of your projects ended as FAILED bcuz anyone who bankrupts a casino has no brains the house always win
Thank you for making our Air Flight Systems and Communications safer, by doing that, you will protect America
This is fabulous, thank you !!!!!
You're privatizing another industry. You're a business criminal. At some point all the racist shitpigs you've enabled will realize this....
U rock
Why would anyone criticize this?! Great job Mr. President!
So, you'll start flying on commercial airlines?
DONT FORGET YOUR SUPPORTERS. #TWEETS.    WE@FLOTUS @POTUS @realDonaldTrump   #MAGA.  #DrainTheSwamp IS A DIRTY JOB.
45 selling ATC/US infrastructure to highest bidder FOREIGN or domestic Foreign Oligarchs are excited 2 control US skys roads & bridges
Just part of a wish list sent to Congress. Saudi deal is just vapor. Tax bill going nowhere. It's not working through Congress.

does anybody listen to u
My flying days will be over, it won't be safe. Privatizing will me lots of safety cuts so profit margins are higher. Prices will increase.
Please be fair to Sessions! He helped us in a big way! Thank you sir!
Yes, "finally".  Because there is absolutely nothing else that you could be working on.
You are the best man for our country!  I love you and your wonderful family. Thank you for tireless efforts to Make America Great Again 
I love your policy
Translated:  the airlines are paying me to let them take over air traffic control so they can push through more flights, regardless of risk.
U r the MAN!
Keep tweeting! Share it with us. We don't care about the press! WE ARE LISTENING to YOU! Our beloved @POTUS #MAGA #AmericaFirst
Why am I suddenly afraid to fly ?!
I applaud you Mr President for this action. Perhaps now they can upgrade the radar 
Abdication of responsibility. Offer to make the Rich Richer. Disgusting, Un American Fraud Trump.
What did you do?  Sign another EO???  They aren't legal for everything you know and can be overturned. Hope it is good but doubt it.
U do know that the only way that works is if it's NOT FOR PROFIT right?
Privatizing is not the answer.
Yes because that is what everyone cares about Donald.  Way to pick up the low hanging fruit.
Why would you try and take ANYTHING into the future when you are SO CLEARLY living in the past!!
trump cannot fight courts abt trying 2 protect U.S from terrorism when he made it EASIER for ppl w/mental health issues 2 carry/own guns!
5/5 @realDonaldTrump but, as with most things, you only scrape the surface and never get into the important details of doing it well
Little Donnie hadn't signed anything in days&ppl were being SO MEAN to him, so #PresidentBannon found him a desk and pen. And some warm milk
The Air Traffic Control Initiative - another step toward MAGA!
Sell it to one of your friends
Yes please, I'd like to travel the February 2021.
But it really doesn't actually DO that, does it? Nice tweet, though.
Hello My President @POTUS  have a blessed day sir I pray for Ur good health & May D Lord God Jesus Christ Protect U always 
Can we get back in the country??

Lies
FINALLY...we have a PRESIDENT!!!!
Yeah finally! Finally U R putting effort into something that really helps Americans! Stop promising ridiculous lies. Get that gov't working!
Love the achievements, but you and you alone is messing up your  agenda with your tweeting.  Please, please STOP!!!!
Tweeting a lot today. Trying to take the attention away from Comey? Won't work. The people are watching.
God bless our president
CONGRESS CANT OR WONT KEEP UP !  Need new HL !!!  Slow or no walking !!! No priorities - mesh mash - unreliable - going to hurt the party !
This is a pointless waste of time that even your dumbest supporters will see as a corporate handout.
Yeah Senator @tedcruz is Harvard grad, younger too than @POTUS 45.
Selling America off one piece at a time.
A future where the entire system is disrupted and passengers pay more. Wake up people! This man is not your friend! http://abcnews.go.com/US/privatizing-air-traffic-control-trumps-proposal-expected/story?id=47841115 …
Really had no idea our tech was that outdated. Great job Mr. President
What a diverse crowd of clowns.
Privatizing Air Traffic Control, pure genius. Private sector does a better job...
#MAGA 
#SyrianGovernmentForces Advance on Multiple Fronts against the Islamic State (ISIS)  

 Assad 
Overconfident
Except it's all boffo, isn't it? Why don't you just announce that you've bought the Moon and you'll be creating jobs there soon, very soon.
FACT: Trump's approval level as of 6.6.17 is 36%. Worst of any POTUS in history at this time in his 1st term. 54% know he's an unstable loon
How Donald Trump Shifted Kids-Cancer Charity Money Into His Business via @forbes
I guess you will privatize because you're discovered a way for your family to make money.  Just another con by DT.
2/5 .@realDonaldTrump for example, you could start by calling for an open, extensible data model for all ATC operations.
The model would include provisions for ATC data security too
Everything you did Hillary Clinton our lawfully elected President will undo. ;)
should @VP be standing so close to that woman?
If you've ever sat on the runway for an hour you'll understand how important this step is!
America has no future with you as potus #fact #impeach45
Y'all act like you can keep badmouthing him n its impeachment time... quit lying bout him sit back and let God use him geez
DJT continues to step in dog poop!!!in in the swamp with Pruitt.... To bad for taxpayers...

Today, I announced an Air Traffic Control Initiative to take American air travel into the future - finally! … https://...
Still not distracted
0
thank you for all you do! The Lord has his hands on you!
Wrong decision
Great job Mr. President!
New world problems right?
jfdfurh
Announcing it DOES NOT MEAN IT WILL EVER HAPPEN.
your energy and environmental solutions are antiquated.  YOU don't work for this country you  are a corporate sycophant!!!!
You are a total Fool
Nice if you can get it to work
Please stop saying billions and billions Mr. President. It makes you look like your a toddler.
We need to tear down wind turbines and solar panels, burn coal, drive choo choo trains to move Amerikkka into the future.
Would that be to send you to the moon hopefully
I don't like Americans like you please block me
Yayayaya
haha wasn't your idea either stop taking credit for the work of others!
Good government
. Pres. please have your peeps show America how much these frivolous investigations are costing us tax payers each day  #StopTheWitchHunt
Ha, this was proposed years ago strarting w bush sr. So this isn't your new ideas.
The deep America is back
When is this SUPPOSED TO HAPPEN?
You are insane,,
Beautiful presentation bro.your the greatest.
Is the next move to do something for the road line ups? They do annoy the far far many of yr voters. ;-)
Crazy.
TURN AROUND hahahahahaha
really? Is that the most important thing you can do, or may be it is because you cannot do anything else?
Bullshit anything to destroy safety for profit
Privatizing air traffic control is a pathetic idea.  Specially regarding national security.

It will be non-profit alright each board member will get an eight figure salary lol
