didn't age well did it
Now this was strategic patience brilliance we all can support, thank you Mr President
Nice call..hahahahaha
Yes!  And thank God for a strong, decisive, do the right thing, US President!
Hahahahahahah
Finally, we have a strong leader in President Trump!  Sooooo glad we have him and not Hillary!!! 
Really worked huh?? Hahahahahahah
And his 60 Cruise missiles stopped Syrians from launching missions for hours. #Cheetofail
If you bother to check the Observer reports - the Planes were not Identified as coming from that base.
Media decided to make the claim.
Are you trying to say that the Airbase was not operational within 48 hrs?
No, I said the Flights the next a.m. were NOT from that base, though media claimed they were. Observatory did not make such claim.
Hahahahaha
Hmmm#bullshit the entire globe views the @POTUS as a very bad joke
Funny, because it didn't.
Maybe then you'd better ask Mattis why they stopped taking the warning seriously after you tweeted that you wanted US out of Syria?
Ok, sure...
That's what it means when people know your word is your bond. Attack avoided  & lives saved.
Really?? Hahahahahahah
This has aged about as well as every other tweet you have ever made.
You don't know that for sure and you haven't proven that a chemical attack was imminent. You just want to patch yourself on the back
If that is true then it proves he cares more about other countries than our own country
Yes, we take the warnings about you leaving millions without healthcare while billionaires get tax cuts to buy an extra yacht very seriously
I think McMaster was in on this, Mr. President did you know he was at the bilderberg meeting this year?
But there is no way for you to know that… Sigh…
you forgot to say NICE
No doubt about
& what is N. Korea money laundering for?  What are you trying to side rail now? You & steve Mnuchen are a joke..
Liar

Can you find Syria on a map?
He doesn't need to be able to do that, because he loves every country.
I bet you still don't know the difference between Syria, Iraq and chocolate cake.
i don't believe anything you or yours say. birther alex jones lover. liar. women hater. man baby.
Feels like winning
Thank you for being a bold, strong @potus unlike the anti American apologist we had for the last 8 years who just weakened #WomenforTrump
So this is kinda like winning the lotto.
Riiiight.
God bless you Mr president 
Resign now
Why US backed out
RUSSIA ISSUED A WARNING TO US
►MFA: US is looking for a pretext for attacking Syrian Govt forces
RUSSIA ISSUES A WARNING TO US 
#BREAKING
Ambassador of Russia to the UK 
►MFA: US is looking for a pretext for attacking…
You didn't put out a warning. You made a threat
It's the Defense Department equivalent of, "Yes, dear."
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 6 Months, 21 Days, 19 Hours, 46 Minutes, and 37 Seconds
I love the countdown to Term number 2. So much winning.
With the current approval rate I'd be amazed to see a term 2
Ask Reagan how that worked out for him 1984. He too had polls this low his first year.
Had you hit those runways with a few of those cruise missiles that might have stopped further chemical attacks too.
You can rebuild runways very quickly, so that would be incorrect on your part
#fakenews
First I want you a brain cell, then a prison cell
That's why he's the Man!!!! Go Trump!!!!
Best. President. Ever. #MAGA
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain
American Dominance #AmericaFirst
Best. Commander in Chief. Ever. #AmericaFirst
Someone who actually cares about America and her Veterans. 
Assad NEVER USED CHEMICAL WEAPONS. IT WAS TERROR GROUPS AND REBELS.
Are you for real Mr Crazy Low IQ?
#ourpresidentisashittyperson
So take heed @morningmika 
Later you can hang some of your fake Time magazine cover photos in the White House!
That's what's called "kissing ass".
FAKE NEWS. He didn't say that.
The left will never give you credit. We will. #MAGA
WE LOVE YOU MR. TRUMP!!
THANK YOU FOR YOUR HARD WORK
CNN AND OTHER MAINSTREAM MEDIA ARE GOING DOWNHILL
@POTUS And you think that that is going to deter them? They're not afraid of you or Mattis. They're emboldened by your childish threats.
And retweet news you perceive to be positive or to cast you in a positive light will do nothing for your reputation, which you have sullied…
…in the grandest fashion imaginable.
The daily caller is, literally, fake news.
Why? Because you don't like this article John?
Another woman for Trump. Are you really a man? When did you transition? Congrats by the way. Takes a lot of courage to be so open.
Woman for trump understand when it's time to grow up and not get angry at small things.
So sad. Our president tweet's his own press.
#NiceTryTrump
Trump saves lives. Thank you, Sir. : )
If u believe that, you're dillusional.
its what happens when you say what you mean and mean what you say
He is saving millions. Saving means taking away medical care right?
I guess Mattis lost his erection
Keeping pounding President Trump
Hahahahahahah
"Mattis Says Trump’s Warning Stopped Chemical Weapons Attack In Syria" http://dailycaller.com/2017/06/28/mattis-says-trumps-warning-stopped-chemical-weapons-attack-in-syria/ …...
Strong leader back up their words
Hajahahhahahahagah
Saving lives! Go Trump
Hajahahhahahahagah.... They called your orange lord's blufffffff
I Love this President/ and he means what he says!
Did he now? Boy did that work.. Hahahahaha
It sure did, what can't this great President do???
Russian troll.... Hey what say you.
The #FakeNews media will never cover this!
Hajahahhahahahagah
Was that in one of your famous cabinet circle jerks?
Circle jerks 
he is trying to weaken Syria to give to Russia
Um National Inquirer is fake news yet POT-ASS seems to believe in that shit lol
We love you PDT, keep working , do your job and I'll do mine!
... or - there was never any threat to begin with.  I mean, you don't believe the intel agencies anyway, sooooo... #FakeNews
Horseshit.
Good! They know that President Trump will provide an appropriate response to any given provocative initiative. However, I don't think that
Bahaha! You're a real hero Trumpy!  How much did you twist his arm to say that?
Fake News.
You're such a narcissist!
Right.. How about Yemen?
While western feminists complain about Trump revealing Brzezinski's facelift here is what US bombs have been doing to girls' faces in Yemen. 
Oh look everyone I'm really really goodly good - the bestly good  - my warning stopped an attack
Fake news
so you were only going to give assad a 2 hr warning this time?
Get Out Of Syria, Do Not Let Greed Rule You !
...if the'little boy president 'could just stop lying, just a bit, it would be helpful, but the #FakePresident cannot even manage so much.
CNN Producer: Americans Are “Stupid as Shit” http://www.infowars.com/cnn-producer-americans-are-stupid-as-shit/ … via @realalexjones
It is really sad that Mattis has become a brown noser.  He used to have ethics and character
good for you want a cookie I'll give you one for your impeachment.
Plz don't let these neocons talk u into wars and endless wars
FAKE NEWS NO ATTACK WAS EVEN PLANNED, #FakePresident
BwaHaaHaaHaa. Conman scared PUTIN? Hardly.
I'm sure they're all trembling.
Fake news. You made shit up.
'Wag the dog,' much?
Why Exposing Fake News Matters | James O’Keefe and Stefan Molyneux https://youtu.be/Rdl6mVUY9ac  via @YouTube

Someone close to me has theorized that Mattis is working against the evil - FROM THE INSIDE. I hope that she's right
It was me! I did it! I did everything!
No, because people know it's bullshit..
You really think Assad was going to gas his own people?  Last evidence showed it wasn't him. You need to get Assad on the phone.
Must all comments be about praising Trump, even when that is not the subject? ? FREAK
Again, Trump is a refreshing hope. This will be all over the news.
Course it will.....'Trump says mean things to Assad'.

Bullshit!
Yeah, I warned aliens not to attack earth and they didn't. YAY ME!
We can read President,
Bad meme
"Mattis Says Roosters Responsible for Sun Rising Every Day. #POTECUS
Bull Feathers!!!!
Does diddums want a gold star?
holy brown nose.
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL Bruh, where are the receipts doe? 
#FakeNews #faketrumpnews
You will be the greatest President of America ever. It is by His grace.
That's my President!
It will also be your folly when they do it anyway
WOW R U serious? I'd bet U made the whole thing up to get a pat on the back.Thought U weren't expose your plans? Warnings R usually PRIVATE
Grow up Mr. President. Why do you need people to always say your "great"? Compensating for little hands???
All Syria's chemical attacks have been by the opposition of Assad.  It's already been proven and admitted.
after the eradication of isis, the coalition could support the syrian's opposition in order to to move assad, iran and russia from syria.
I am not impressed. If Russia told you that Syria was going to use chemical weapons, they are playing with your head.#badRussia
Haha bullshit but sadly this is probably only the beginning of the personality cult for americas supreme leader
Never had firm evidence to begin with. Yet another lie.
Now this I believe. Trump scares the bejesus out of me every day - I'm sure the crazy man does the same to Syria.
FAKE NEWS
Sure. Where was your proof POTUS #45?
Clutching at straws- imbeciles.
You had no proof just going on what they did before.
Oh boy the TV talked to me, the microwave says I suck sooooooo......covfefe for all
Yea, I’m sure you scared the shit out of them. What did you tell them…“Lawyer up Syrians”?
Stopped Na those people are still breathing they  are resting you have to kill people like this to stop them it's the only way
Sanctions have just slowed all these monsters down we must destroy then to stop them we will be dead it's kill or be killed by monsters
So hard up for approval file this with ur FAKE TIME magazine covers
Don't fall for another false flag by the military Mr President. The last chemical attack was from the rebels not Assad. Syria is secular.
Hail to the Chief!  Sec Mattis Syria knows you are a force to contend with, also. Good job!
Add this too: likelihood of war preempted both GOP lawmakers and dems to revoke war authority to the king of the US... ASAP #temperance

How much do you wanna bet that Kim Jong tells the North Koreans the exact same thing!?  "Glorious leader stopped Trump's Armada with a wink"
Wait! Let me get my boots on. It's getting Deep!!
Mattis knows better than this
It is your job so why do you need glory.
As much abuse as this man and his family takes everyday - when makes an accomplishment this big, it needs to be told - media won't!!
Again OBAMA and company gave ISIS chemical weapons. .  WTF @realDonaldTrump ?
HAHAHA HAHA HAHAHA
Yeah, that was awesome.
I tried it too, I told the sun not to burn out and I saved the world!
A TRUE PRESIDENT.
Really?? What world do you live in??
Did i miss seeing this on the news, yes unless it was in between the impeach bs
Very exemplary how u’ve mstrd foreign affairs.ur instincts r so  accurate.Noticed that long b4 u were President.Thank u for all ur sacrifice
If Mattis said it it must be true. He actually said it "appears" to be so. Funny how possibility became fact. #FakeNews #LiarLiarPantsOnFire
you really think Assad gives a shit about you? Give credit to your boss Vladimir
You SAY they were preparing and you SAY they stopped. We have no reason whatsoever to believe anything that you SAY.
Bullshit
And "Trump's warning took that blackberry cobbler stain out of my favorite bowling shirt."
WE know the TRUTH don't we. The Govt's General Dynamics Contract builders 4more missiles behind Schedule.Ppl know UR STOCKS now EGOFIFI
Quick, predict something else that won't happen, then say it didn't happen because you predicted it.
Liar
Don't believe everything you hear, he's a putz
Finally, something out of the WH, that I may believe, and hope it is true!
Prove it
There way never a planned attack. Can u say deflection??
The warning? There was a warning? There was ALWAYS a warning. From military, not YOU. You couldn't fight your way out of a wet paper bag.
You actually think we are that dumb to believe you? Smokescreen. Show me the proof. Once a liar always a liar and your staff are liars too!
Self praise is no praise
The lie you told that they would launch a chemical attack. And then when called on it claim a victory.
LMAOL. Seriously? NORTH KOREA IS BAD.
You repeatedly berated Obama for "warning" before an attack. 
“Why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack Syria?”
He also warne Trump is a Dush
oh don't make me laugh! What utter baloney! it was a US #FalseFlag nothing more, just like the first one.
prove it!!
So something called the "Daily Caller" is NOT fake news, but professional news agencies that have been reliable for many years ARE. Got it.
Oh yes we really believe this one ...
Please consider the agenda's of some of the generals advising you.  Remember what you knew about Syria before you were surrounded in DC...
Fake news!
So you create a possible chemical attack and then thwart the attack you created?  Seems a little "Fake Newsie" to me.  R we North Korea now?
Holy sh**, you think your big ignorant mouth made any difference to them? You've tripped over your ego many times. This was NOT your doing.
@realDonaldTrump Ooh good for you, T ! Who's a big boy ? You are !
So y'all created a crisis so you could avert it? Suffering from Hero Syndrome much? Stop trying to make yourself look good. Not working!
TOTAL BULLSHIT! FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS
Oh please! You haven't accomplished a darn thing since in office other than to destabilize America.
FAKE NEWS
He's bonkers too
Do you think we're stupid? They never used chemical weapons and didn't plan to . Mattis is doing a CYA.
