/ What about the Clinton,Obama,uranium deal with "Russia"?
. YOU SHOULD DEMAND IT THAT THEY ARE ALLOWED IN!!
1. That's not real.
2. She's not President. 
3. No.
4. You're in trouble.
.@realDonaldTrump
He already stated it was true!
You're really reaching, buddy.  Take some meds & see a shrink. You need help. Go out sick or go to jail?
this is completely unfair!  The media has NEVER cared ONE BIT about Russia meddling until the outcome of this election!
You're like a kid caught w/ his hand in the cookie jar pointing  the other way saying "look, over there, a cookie monster"
feeling the fire now huh ?
Such doubletalk!  My, my.  Knock it off, pls.
the unmistakable smell of FEAR in the morning. @POTUS is obviously watching TV instead of doing his job. YOU'RE FIRED!!!!!!
You sir,are Bat-Shit Crazy.We are going to find out, either way your getting Impeached for something you will or have done
You are a fake president. You sold America out for power and oil deals. GO AWAY! #AntiPatriot #TrumpRussia
America was sold a long time ago.@realDonaldTrump is trying to buy it back and give it to we the people
Trump is a con-man who fooled a lot of decent people. The truth will prevail
ok; check back with me when it does -
There you go again with your Twitter allegations...
Ahh. Donny's defense. "Well, Hillary did it, too! Why am I treated so unfairly"? Because you COLLUDED with RUSSIA. GUILTY!
A #Prophetic #Message from #God~to President Donald #Trump received by Catherine Larkin on Monday, March 20, 2017 #MAGA
You will go down in American history as one of the most despicable persons to hold the office! UR Nixon on steroids!
#FakePresidentTrump do you hear that?  #Justice is coming for you!  Put #Twitter down and pretend to be #President!
put a sock in it.
and also congressmen should  investigate Hillary Clinton campaign and FETÖ GULENIST TERRORIST organisations  Mr.Trump
You have lost all credibility. It's really a shame.
You are literally the president. You're not subject to any security clearance restrictions. You could just ask them.
I'm just saying there are probably more reliable sources of this information than your Twitter followers
Nah, Agent gets his news from The National Enquirer.
How about you lying about Obama. Slanderous and you owe an apology #FakePresident
The Clinton's are so corrupt it's Ridiculous Enough is enough
........you can't hide much longer....behind your stupid Tweets
I have heard from several news sources that no Law Enforcement Officials were allowed to inspect the DNC Server.
If this is true then the only evidence we have concerning the DNC Hacking comes from the DNC itself. No Independent sources
You can't have an Independent Investigation of the DNC Hacking is the only evidence comes from a Contractor paid by the DNC
Sounds to me tht the crooked AF @DNC have sme thgs 2 hide if they aren't willingly turning the server ovr We the Ppl have the right to know
Hi Joseph! I hope you had a great 4th of July!  My friend we've already discussed this topic at great length..go back & reread my answer..
Mine was great as well.. check your messages..more than 140 characters so sent it in message..lol
Please ignore the BS and run over them for We the People. We seriously need change. GOD BLESS
What about your & your crooked cabinet members  who have ties to Russia? #ImpeachTrump #NotMyPresident #RussiaGate @realDonaldTrump
Still waiting for those "ties".
@realDonaldTrump, this March tweet is veeerrrryyy interesting given the NYT story this p.m. Q: what do u know & when did u know it?
go away, buffoon!
What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also, is it true that the DNC would not let th...
lies! Celebrity box @BarackObama !
you will get plenty of looks from the FBI, be patient
This tweet didn't age well.
We all saw Clinton lied to Congress over & over.  She destroyed 33,000 emails, a trader to our country. LOCK HER UP!
We need a DOJ that will protect the laws of this country. That means no one has the right to break and our laws and walk away free.
blame others, that's what children do and we all know you have the mentality of a 12 yr old spoiled brat  #theResistance
News flash:  @realDonaldTrump Clinton lost. She's not the one committing treason with the Russians.  #Trump.
This tweet did not age well. Looks like you owe Mr. Trump an apology.
So many idiots - so little time.
Look at what Donnie? Anybody ever tell you that you're delusional?
Are you serious? You know only your choir believes your crap. Nobody with half a brain thinks your are not on Putin's pocket. Just stop this
Tweet on Donald! Keep putting it out there how shady the left was & still is.. & still tryin to get away with it.. Won't work people!!!
When does the FBI require the DNCs permission to look into anything? Crooked agents , Comey need arresting
Clinton is not president. Deal with your contacts.
These are your supporters
Beyond stupid!!

l0l
the DNC had too much to hide. Like they conjured this whole Russia BS up.
But of course they dare NOT open #PandorasEvilBox
- your tweets seem pretty desperate right now. Seems like you might be worried about something. You okay, bro?
what abt you!
i think this is all on you this time. And i think you and i both know where this is going.  Why not gentleman out of it now
panicking much??? You are done con man
JUDGEMENT DAY (NOT THE MOVIE) @realDonaldTrump
Explain how Flynn, Manafort, Stone, Page, Sessions, Kushner, and Don Jr. all have ties to Russia and you never knew?
All throughout your campaign you said, "Wouldn't it be nice to be friends with Russia?"
We're starting to learn just how friendly you and your cronies already are.
And how much was Nunes paid to show you were "incidentally" captured on surveillance of foreign officials?
And why wouldn't he pass his documents along to the intelligence committee before getting your approval...
when he knows you're being investigated and he's chair of the intelligence committee? Seems like he'd know the protocol.
Clinton's weren't putin their lips on RUS asses like u. Release ur tax returns then we'll kno 4 sure. Ur toast & we luv it
You're looking guilty President Agent Orange as the rock group sang "na an say say goodbye" your 15 minutes are up goodbye
because you're the one in the White House A-Hole
If it's all fake, you have nothing to worry about! Happy Monday!
Stick to giving "facts" and not begging for a reply from the President.
no donald, hillary's not our president, unfortunately you are. distract, deflect all you want, but you're as corrupt as the day is long.
- And of course you have evidence of this, John...
there's so much so, even the GOP is on the side of America. just ask John McCain. Ever hear of a guy named Jeff Sessions?
- You realize you said absolutely nothing in those two poorly written sentences.  Absolutely nothing.
except the fact that your president will be impeached for collusion.
- He's your President, too...
Not mine, I don't support Vladimir Putin.
- Wrong answer, genius.  It's part of the bargain you signed up for living here.  It will be OK.  Smile.
Except, there has yet to be any evidence of any ties to Russia. Keep it up though, you're making progress!
Except for the numerous conflicts of interest. But if nothing to hide, no fear of Investigation, right?
FBI director Comey just said there are no ties. Investigate all you want, still no evidence.
- please be honest, it does not serve the greater good.
More honesty:Obama lied about ACA. Obama gave terrorist supporting Iran billions of dollars.
Read Trump's War. Unfortunately they seem to have you on the defensive.Put Paul Ryan on a shelf and M. McConnell.Go forward
Pres.,you have beautuful kids and grandkids! Congrates! Blessings from God!
You are really pitiful! Again, no evidence, just something else pulled of your tush.
Pres Trump please get rid of comey he is not on your side dont trust him or ryan
What tie? Is it the Trump tie that is made in China?
LOOK AT ALL #TROLLS #BOTS IN HERE..NO LIFE #LIBTARDS
Stop talking about HRC. Your next go to is  always the former POTUS. You're under investigation. Deal with it.
What's even better is when both 45 and Hannity said someone under investigation cannot govern the US! Lmao!
Stop deflecting. Emails are nowhere near Russian Espionage.
doesnt matter anymore. You won illegally. Proof is in the returns you wont show.
FAKE PRESIDENT!!!
soo lame
Deflection. You accuse others when you know you have done wrong. Typical and pathetic.
You forgot to tag it #showerthoughts
sounds like you're a little scared there Lazy Boy...
you had the contact, not Clinton. YOU LIAR!! #pathetictrump
because Hilary was the evil spirit in charge, and comey her little pawn.
Finally common sense prevails and some said it! The real WSJ and the FAKE PRESIDENT!
what about your tiny "hands"
will you PLEASE act like a President? #growup
yes it's true , there's a petition going around online for them to hand over the servers!
Stop whinning so damn much!  Do your job
can't stop crying about Clinton! SAD
There has always been a double standard. They are "evil".
somebody explain Nunes? Poured gasoline all over himself and lit it!!!?? WTF???!!!
Get a Warrant !!!
Time to fire Comey enough is enough
.@realDonaldTrump is clearly off his meds. Seems 2 me you'd better find someone else to blame since this stupid line of attack isn't working
#LockHerUp
they only hold Republicans to the fire not dimms
Schiff today....We have DIRECT evidence.  Bye bye Don the Con.
the security on the Dnc servers was only a little better then that of Hilleries I'm sure the CIA/NSA was inside it though
Two lies in one tweet.  Very efficient.
deflecting again Donnie? We all know your m o now!
they don't want to talk about what doesn't fit the narrative they create
She's done. It's over. All eyes are on you now, buddy boy. #treason
biggest creator of #FakeNews!
Dont pay any attention to the pathetic man behind the screen.
BS!

Where are the jobs you promised your supporters? May be you meant jobs in Russia....
DISTRACTION
#lying
well well swim in it now libs
Yep! Busted talking to bad/sick guys!
clinton is irrelevant.  You are prez, not clinton.
something isn't right the way u and ur daughter have a bizarre relationship, seems a little incest  is going on very SICK!
nice try
Still grabbing at a sky hook?
no
What about all the communist sympathizers you have with you?
and I thought the Bush administration was the worst we could do
YES, @POTUS   It is true that the DNC would not allow the FBI to look at their computers. See @stranahan news paper reports
Yes, of course. A reporter for Breitbart is accurate and unbiased.
Your bias is your own dilemma!
As is yours.
Well, we agree on something then.
:)
She is not  president, it no longer matters.
Really?
Yes, why is that not being investigated.  Especially since FBI didn't look at DNC servers.  #SethRichCoverUp
https://twitter.com/rejialex7/status/871373318225444864 …
If you're innocent, all you have to do is let the investigation proceed and it will prove it. Otherwise...
Not the same on both accounts take a civics class!
Mr. Trump, the FED should offer a reward to any person who provides  the identities of any illegal aliens. Warrant can then be gotten.
It's sad to see you continuing to try the "look, that's bad" game.  I don't care until we find out if our election was hacked.  Traitors

It won't matter what Hillary, Obama or George Washington did. You are going down for what you did.#Trumprussia #EmolumentsClause #Impeach45
Show some dignity. RESIGN DONALD AND TAKE YOUR FRIENDS AND FAMILY WITH YOU. Realize that eventually your going down!
You'd know all about contact w/Russians & very soon, very, very, soon - so will we. #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump
Why are you going after Julian Assange a DNC insider leaked the info to him.
#Donnie from Queens. Why did you get kicked out of Kew school? We need to find fellow students to share. you are stuck at the 8th grade you
Still?
Where was all of this concern about Russia when they invaded Crimea and Ukraine Or giving Iran nuclear fuel while getting 20% of r uranium?
Very sad
defend yourself from a ridiculous claim with an even more ridiculous and unbelievable claim
The libtards only resist what George Soros pays them to resist Sir.
real story is when you phone Russia intel they are doing the wire tapping,CIA apparently has tapes fm 2 yrs ago got fm a russian defector
Hasta cuando este anciano miserable loco ignorante bruto inmoral de Trump va a seguir dañando a el mundo con sus locuras
forget the clintons and act like a president and stop blaming everyone else!
that is true but she had no problem blaming Bernie or his team
Plesse FIRE Comey and rogers. They both lied at hearing. Appoint Trey Gowdy your FBI director..
What a no nonsense man.
a real leader takes ownership. They don't point the finger elsewhere. You are a deceitful Crook
you are the best president /patriot ever!
spewing BS again...
please mr trump. Get rid of comey !! We need Trey gowdy to take his place !! C'mon do it please !!!!
Vladimir Putin famously hated @HillaryClinton, so why would the Kremlin want her the most powerful person in the planet.#US
, what about it?  She is not President!!
gee if you don't know and you're the president how would we know?  Just throw it out there to distract and confuse
More to the point - are there political ties between the FBI and the Obama administration working against Americans?
Quit deflecting. You're just as crooked as Hillary. You're president, not her. Why are we talking about her? #sad
Stop Malinche excuses
making
Psst... nobody cares about the Clinton campaign anymore. You wanted the spotlight; you got it. You're sweating. It's gross.
