Thank you Mr. President. No messing around, no sticking your finger in the air to check pop opinion. Just getting it done!
Thank you for helping the people of Texas. I have nieces and nephews there.  I pray they get back to normal. I live near San Andreas fault.
will congress unleash its full power to impeach you?
No because you will try to put yourself or some other nut job who has no clue in the WH.
Thank you President Trump, may God continue to bless you and America!
Fantastic MR. President Trump your doing a great job . 
Thank you, President Donald Trump. We love you.
Thank you President Trump! 
Texas
We back u as the most concern president of the u.s.a...##we ar one nation.##//God loves america///
Thank you from Houston area
Shabbat SHALOM always to you President Trump and family
Thank you sir from Texas
Thank you so much! We really appreciate it down here in the coastal bend!
what's with the exclamation mark at the end of every tweet? Are you secretly a thirteen year old girl?
Yes!
Who read it for you and explained what it meant?
Obviously not you! Couldn't do his job with a 9th garde education.
You can't even spell GRADE.
Oh well, hit the wrong button, I can fix that. You can fix the hate in your heart also. I'll pray for you. God bless you!
YOU hurl an insult at me, but I'm the one with hate in my heart. Save you prayers for yourself. Typical #Trump supporter.
I apologize. Tired of people trashing President Trump. I pray for forgiveness  for any shortcoming I have displayed. God bless you!
g
                                              
Tell me more about the increased flood protection you eliminated three days before #harvey?
Thank you #Houston
Great job Donald, Lone  Star thanx.
Thank you! We love you! And you are welcome to land at our ranch airport....so HAPPY  your my/our president Hubbard Ranch
U even noticed the more than 27 wild fires burning in the west. Yup we are part of the USA. Just thought u should know, where is yr concern?
Thank you, Mr. President.
Wow.  You signed something.  How do you fit it all in between golf and more golf? #impeachtrump
"Unleashes???" What is THAT??? Who talks like that???

#TrumpResign
Someone off the leash.
This is how I relieve stress.
He pisses me off so bad...
I'll try it. I went off on him once. I'm thrilled about the march, especially the focus. Yaaasss!!! 

Something Luisiana Gov+Mayor #DEMS wouldn't do w/ #Katrina
@appsame
Some #DEMS are dumber tgan others....Lemmings, yes.... But Luisiana Lemmings(Demmings) wait for the Sea to run to them
@AppSame @DLoesch
Watch+See if Louisiana+N'awlins got those pumps working ,maybe thought to lower all Dam+Levy levels w/cooperation upstream states days ahead
@realDonaldTrump @fema #ArmyCorpEngineering
@DHSgov @DLoesch @rushlimbaugh @TrotAlex @ShellyKennisto1 @TheFive
Florida Veterans  have "Our Presidents" back!  Stay strong President Trump we believe in you!
Honestly you have Texans helping Texans. Neighbors being neighbors. Because that is what we do in times like these.
Are you going to rescind your budget slashes to FEMA, then?

Ur vacations cost America the $$$ for  #HarveyStorm U waste r resources 4 r country. So many feel contempt and pure #HATE 4 u. #heartattack
How long will the disaster relief take? Our place is totally under water everything gone!
Will keep you in prayer. Check with all the local government agencies in your area. They will help lead you in the right doirection.
Thank you we definitely need it
At the request !! It didn't come from you Trump ! May karma make you pay for all your crimes
He signed in crayon.
Wow! Even your offer of help sounds like on offensive stance!
Maybe you shouldn't use the words "force" and "government help" with all these libertarians around.
Proclamation
What A Great Leader Does For His People 
You are so good at signing documents that don't actually do anything
Also, let's talk about canceling The Wall and spend those billions to rebuild #houston. It is a great city full of amazing people.
A real president wouldn't have to wait for a request.
Oh no the words that makes one want to run like hell!
"I am from the govt & I am here to help!" Especially this govt.
How the fuck do so many people hate on our president for offering relief for a natural disaster
Thank you for responding so quickly and learning from past disasters.  It's helping.  #hurricaneharvey2017
Thank you Mr. President!!!! We LOVE you here in Corpus Christi, Texas
Well, this is what "clean" coal leads to... You are responsible for the hurricane because you withdraw from the Paris Climate Accord!
I wish the hurricane can be controlled but it is a natural disaster so I pray that Heaven will have mercy on the lives of citizens in Texas.
Not seen anyone as stupid as @realDonaldTrump he doesn't believe in global warming but is worried abt this **it? Fuck that!
Thankyou Donald.  That is the right thing to do
Oh wow ... government help for Trump voting Republicans rightWhat happened to government help being the equivalent to WelfareObamaCare

we are busy here in Houston, but we gonna get back to you later Cheeto....dont forget, .get ready for impeachment #harvey
GOOD FOR TRUMP
#ThankU
can't you communicate ANYTHING without resorting to the language of violence? #IdiotBoy and his Ten Year-Old Vocabulary. #NotMyPresident
Oh. So government's s good thing when it helps people hurt by hurricanes, but not climate change, racism, gender bias or an idiot in the WH?
That is amazing, I hope everyone in Texas stays safe :)
Phrases like "full force" are unnecessary. Detracts from the power of reality which would help your image. Message me for more tips lol
Visiting Texas next october from Italy. People of Texas, I'm with you with my . I'm looking forward to meeting you there. #GodBlessTexas
Governor Jerry Brown- if CA has a disaster, I guess you are SOL

@JerryBrownGov @kdeleon @tedlieu - Thanks guys
Big freaking deal. This government hasn't had much force since you gained office. Not one piece of important legislation passed.
Well you got one right for a change I will give you that one you did okay but don't get your shorts all in a bunch! There's more to do!!!
Yet another "accomplishment" I'm sure you'll point to as an example of "best admin ever". #apprenticePOTUS
You make it sound like you just levelled up in a video game.
You had to be asked ?
Are we to feel proud that you've actually found a proper way to spend taxpayer money?
Where's our help? We've been choking on smoke since mid July?! #montanawildfires #montanasos #HelpMontana
"unleashes the full force of govenment help" You are a perfect example of stupidity, ignorance, and arrogance. RESIGN NOW
Wow you did something??? Crazy
You think you are in an action movie, huh?
How about you use your billions & donate to the relief effort too. You know, cuz one shouldn't depend on big gov't....
I agree, and he can pay for that stupid wall with his own money if he wants it so bad!
The citizens also want the wall. We are seeing America's boarders ignored, the language and the history destroyed.
God bless America!
Not this one.  The money could be well spent elsewhere.
Side question: isn't it odd that the majority of #trumpies have poor spelling/grammar?
yer an idiat dimmercrat obvously!
what's a fake american?
Those who claim to love thus country and so everything to support a #orangetroll who undermines EVERYTHING it stands for.
i only supported the orange guy because i'm not big on hillary and i blieve we need 2 tighten immigration 4 good of all
In AC and NYC he took health insurance from his employees & told them to get Medicaid.  He does biz w/Russian Maf/Jews bc he screwed banks
yeah, i mean the only way i shrug off this stuff is...hillary's pretty f...ed up 2 (imo) & think there was some sincerity in t's run
pragmatist
Gosh never saw Obama give anything for this country. He was a taker.  Never cared about any of us. So glad he is gone
President Trump is making most of us proud for him to be our President. He actually really cares about this country.
Thank God he won.
At the request of the Governor of Texas, I have signed the Disaster Proclamation, which unleashes the full force of government help!
Hope you are not planning to add pork to the aid and use it for your crazy wall.
@realDonaldTrump Lets Make America Great Again we can come back Twice as Strong I believe We Can! #MAGA #Harvey
Yet YOU fired and defunded most of the http://Fed.Gov  that COULD HELP TX! FEMA running out of $ since Trump gutted funding for FEMA
Thank you from Texas!
Tough call there brother. Helluva decision. What to do?  lol. Literally the only possible decision to make in that situation. "presidential"

Lol til u change yr mind and treat Texas like u did North Carolina
We requested $900 million for Hurricane Matthew recovery, but will receive just $6.1 million -- less than 1% of the resources we need. 

https://twitter.com/pnehlen/status/902014463167082496 …



Washington Post gets it right! We bash the media a lot. Important to give them kudos for being truthful (for a change). 

Antifa protesters storm Berkeley rally; at least 13 people were arrested 
I proclaim YOU a disaster.
#FakeNews
How come the dems and the far left did not protest taking down the statues during the Obama administration
Why aren't you there, Helping in this disaster? What would u say if Obama was still president ????
Disgusting. Embarrassment.
THAT S. GREAT.  MR. PRESIDENT.   THANK YOU. FOR. LOVING AND CARING FOR THE ALL THE AMERICAN  PEOPLE AND HELPING  WITH EVERYTHING THEY NEED
Whoa!  That sounds like socialism. WTF?
You mean GOOD LUCK in all-caps?
Did he really have to ask for you to do this?
About fucking time. You never listen to anyone.
Sir, U are sending aid to people in serious need, not attacking Texas on the battle field.Have some tact man. #HurricaneHarvery #TexasFlood
Gee that's big of you 
But we don't believe in government help. Stop asking for government handouts.
HELP FROM VENEZUELA AYUDA
This time it will be done the right way and with people that care NO GOVERNMENT FAMILY MEMBERS ON THE CLEAN UP AND REBUILD
Thank you mr.president please don't cut bailouts for insurance companies both my parents houses just got flooded
Except you cut funding to those agencies!
 Ooops!
If only we could leash a fraction of your stupidity.
all the democrats are responding because most have government checks instead of working
Texas thanks you Sir.
So you're all opposed to Trump helping Texas? That's pretty mean. What did the Texans do to you? I personally hope they're going to be okay
EVERY DEMOCRAT NEEDS TO FILE ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT WHEN THEY RETURN. Period.
didn't know you could write your name. Well done
No one is rewarding you for the things you're supposed to do! #idiot
That should shut the snowflake lefties ponces up !
Well you finally signed something to help Americans not yourself, your pals or 1% Soeaking if oaks how's Vladimir doing? Is he happy w you?
How could you have so much hate in your heart

#Trump the great
FFS...this is your job.  Quit acting like this is some major accomplishment.  You literally couldn't have done less if you tried.

Новые "герои" современной России и их награды... 
I mean, wow....you did exactly what a POTUS should be doing, but hey, great job. #patyourownback
You my dear are the Disaster Proclamation!
Hope all gets better
Now that's a part of your job!!
You are a good president of th usa good job Donaldtrump
Thank you President Trump
Sure would like to come by and shake your hand.
Thank you Mr President! You gonna be around D.C. This week. Wife and I are in town visiting some fine US soldiers.

Hurricane in Texas only due to Pakistan.
I proclaim you're a disaster.
@RobertRoselli @Rob_Anderson5
Keep up good work trump. Still loving that i voted 4 u. Ignore all bad messages from haters.
"You did your job."

Would you please pardon me. I'm a 53 year old woman that was convicted of arson 3 in Medford oregon 6 years ago. Please, thank you.
Wow! What a great presidential act. Really that needs to be tweeted!
Thank you Mr. President!
Was it hard work for your tiny hands to hold the crayon when signing Tangerine Traitor Trump?
Prayers 4 the people of Texas during this Hurricane!
Wow you really have to tweet this don't you
Ok, now resign! #ImpeachTrump
Does that mean you are RESIGNING because that would be a very big help for the entire country  LOSER IMPEACHMENT soon then PRISON TRAITOR
Nice. That is your job after all.
How about nominating a FEMA director?
If only you had a FEMA Director to take care of all that annoying paperwork. But that would mean having to do Presidential things - not fun
If you paid attention he is consistently doing both!
I want some of the drugs you're taking. They obviously alter reality quite well.
I don't take drugs, I pray and try to help rather than sit there throwing stones and hate. I'll pray for you!
Please don't bother. Don't need some religious crackpot trying to "save" me.
Too late!!! I guess we won't be seeing you on the other side. If you change your mind, God will forgive you at anytime. God bless you!
Thanks, no. If it means sending eternity with 'holier than thou' prigs, I'd rather spend it at the bar on hell with all of my friends.
A wise president would thank Mexico for helping its neighbor, Texas. As Sec State and Texas Gov did. Your racism is obvious.
That's President Trump's response during   Emergency.  Roll up sleeves and go to work!  He doesn't go off on vacation
Bad time to talk about Texans' denial of funds to previous hurricane victims?

http://www.latimes.com/business/hiltzik/la-fi-harvey-aid-sandy-vote-20170828-story.html …

#HurricaneSandy
Will the full force of government help include research and planning for climate change, incentives to shift away from fossil fuels?
You seen how bad it is in Texas why the have to ask so u could use helping texas to make yourself look better its not working loser!!!!!
Trump eZ to see through and his world known mistakes will get him kick out of america soon
WOWZA GOOD JOB DOING YOUR JOB BUDDY
You are the disaster proclamation.
Hamg in tjeir Texas. Our thoughts & prayers r with you. 
Texas be like "nawwww I'm good"
After Gorka's exit there is only Miller left, I guess you will be asking for him to Resign soon! The SWAMP is Growing and Growing!
What kind of POTUS would announce a pardon during #Harvey coverage bc it would get higher ratings? Its a new low! #Texas #Sad
Who would bring something back up that was already hassed over weeks ago. Must be another bottom feeder, living in his parents basement.
...why r u commenting on something from Aug28?
Because the person that can't take the heat and has blocked me. He keeps bring it up, so I publicly responded. He sees your tweets.
Oh. Thx. I didn't know.
What about Puerto Rico
Wooow
At the request of the Governor of Texas, I have signed the Disaster Proclamation, which unleashes the full force of gove...
Good
It’s over 9,000!!!
Great photo op. Did you bother to hand out food and water to those who are dying. Big water. Huge water. Bottled water
God bless you Donald Trump, and more power to your elbow
Keep going after the leakers & traitors!  Your team is doing a great job.  Clean-up DC.
Now to just get Congress on the same healthcare we have to live under. Make it an executive order  and it will get them moving.
Thank you Mr President! You and your family are always critizised, even when your doing great work for the people of this great country smh
A Big Thank You President Trump!  From Texas...we Love You down here
At the request of.... hahaha
You are the best, thank God for you, keep on keeping on, Jesus will strengthen you, lean on him, listen for that still small voice.
Wonderful President Trump we have! God bless Trump and our Christian nation!
