You know what disrespects our country? Having a President who fails to acknowledge the deaths of 4 members of our military #Shame #Unfit
Yeah Donna, what is really disrespectful is when you have a president playing golf when solders are dying in Benghazi.
And will not even answer the phone. Like the last president said, we need CHANGE! Change bring back Jesus then this country.
Jesus Bot
Dont make me Laugh
You havent had a single Victory since you took office
Trump Care FAILED 3 TIMES
You cant change a thing
Even your own party vote against you
Call you a MORON
A Racist
A Man Baby
General Kelly is running the Nation
While you  sit in your Play Pen Tweeting
SAD
That was an ice cold can of whipass you just opened and I laughed
Why does the NFL get tax breaks at all? They are a private, for-profit business that shouldn't be subsidized by taxpayers. Fix this!
They don't.
If someone can not be proud of his brain, at least someone can be proud of his nation. Sad.
Thank you. @realDonaldTrump doesn't understand how real business works especially government business.
CNN Money disagrees. NFL gets plenty of tax breaks despite not having NFP status.
See the date. Yes 2015 they don't get federal funds. They do get state funds and taxes if you get a hotel by the stadium you pay $12.50 tax
Doesn't matter whether it is state or federal. It is the TAXPAYING CITIZENS' money that is going to help support a for-profit business.
NFL has the stupidest people I've ever seen in my life. They don't deserve such exalted salaries. Cut everything in half. Fire the riffraff.

Thank you Mr. President.

Keep up the great work.

…
Fix8 by all the mess left by Obama is not easy work. Thanks God we have a POTUS looking for the best interest of America.
You Donald J Rump, disrespect our country & the entire world. Will be so glad when the most unpopular president in history, is gone, along with the classless, entire grifter Trump family.
Why are draft & tax dodging billionaires getting tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our anthem, flag, & country? Change tax law
All the tax breaks the NFL receives are state and local AND are voted in by the public for improved economic growth. #KnowYourShit
No more corporate welfare.  Billionaire team owners should build their own stadiums without help from taxpayers. @RAIDERS
Mr. President, you know what must be done.  When I heard churches in TX wouldn't get relief from FEMA due to non profit status...#CHANGEIT
Why do grown men playing a game get tax breaks I'm not able to benefit from too?  Just saying....
FREEDOM OF SPEECH! When will you admit to being a bigot? When will people realize how narcissistic you are? You are the worst president
This is rather misleading.  Why don't you show your tax returns?
Limbaugh: Trump shouldn't be able to demand players stand during national anthem
Limbaugh doesn't beat Michael Savage in my book.  Savage is the best of them all next to Sean @seanhannity . I hope Sean stay's true 2 DJT.
18 U.S. Code § 227 - Wrongfully influencing a private entity’s employment decisions by an employee of the legislative or executive branch
Punishable of up to 15 yrs. Need a lawyer to start the process!
They aren't disrespecting their country, flag, anthem, or the veterans. They're disrespecting their useless racist pos government that could care less about how poc are treated
Stop worrying about NFL and do your job!  You are not distracting us...we know what you doing! Approval Rating DROPPING!!!!
The NFL is NOT getting tax breaks. The NFL voluntarily relinquished tax-exempt status in April, 2015. 
Just more BS from #LiddleDonnyMoron
Why are they getting tax breaks at all?
Good question
OKAY right after YOUR companies STOP getting massive tax breaks..#ChangeTaxLaw
Agreed. @amazon is first up. @generalelectric @Walmart Big Pharma, tobacco, oil. I’m down!!
Better question- Why does the oil & gas industry get tax breaks while at the same time polluting our plant & putting public health at risk?
Why are YOU getting massive tax breaks(where's your tax returns?) while disrespecting the Constitution(1st Amendment)& colluding with Putin?
You shriek about flag and country, then threaten to abort 1st Amendment bc press reports accurately about your failures Sad
#MoronTrump
#FuckfaceVonClownstick at it again. Like the true dotard he is.
HR296 is in @GOPhouse Committee as you well know.  IT is up to the R's to STOP this Ponzi scheme of Tax payers money to NFL then to Congress

Dont you have more important things to worry about ?
Ahem..... league office voluntarily gave up tax exempt status (2015). Yes,some state funding is received but your statement above=inaccurate
Pls end all tax breaks to NFL
Right fucking Now!!
NFL is not disrespecting the flag, our country, or our veterans. You are missing the point — intentionally.

Haters don't sleep. They are sad and pathetic babies looking for mommy Hillary. They need a brain cleanse to get rid of all the CNN programm
I support that Mr President! Time to cut their tax break
Wow!  Using threats to get folks to obey, threats of pulling media licenses, threats of war,  terrific example of a tyrant not a leader
Terrific example of creating consequences for spoiled big mouthed idiotic children masquerading as adults.
Oh you must be talking about T
Release your taxes

Yes! Change the tax law Let Goodell make up the difference!
Tax Churches!$$$$$
I wish you were are concerned about 'good people' flying Nazi and Confederate (treason!) flags, as you are about NFL players taking a knee.
Why do you get to break so many actual laws.. Like lets start with treason?
I couldn't agree more!
Remember: The NFL needs us! We do not need them 
It concerns me that this is what concerns the POTUS
why are you getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting the world i live in? #duhund
Yes and Why. These idiots are protesting what they are protesting. To ignorant to know. Acting foolish and dumb.
UNFIT for the office of POTUS....time to resign!
#PuertoRico , #CaliforniaFires , #HealthCareForAll #NorthKorea #bumpstocks #Russia, #Afghanistan #iraq #ISIS #alqaeda #truth #facts #etc
Is that all you worry about is the NFL is getting a massive taxes cut :(
That man is a moron!!!
Certainly is a moron :)
Right sir but change yr terrorism policy.Pls Ban on Pakistan
97 year old WW2 vet #TakesAKnee. https://buff.ly/2frMRS7 
Thank you President Trump for bringing attention to this Very Important Issue! I have no problem w ppl protesting BUT Respect the Country 
Why are you in office when you disrespect more than half of our citizens? Impeachment.
I don't care if NFL players come out and wave the Flag! I'm done with Football and anything that sponsors it. NFL NO FREAKING LOGIC!
President Trump why isn't Hillary Rodham Clinton not been stripped. At least MrPresident freeze their assets tomorrow morningWest coast time
President Trump my family of 4 children and 7 grandchildren support you 100% Please prosecute and freeze all Hillary Rodham Clinton assets
They are not disrespecting anything.They are protesting blacks being murdered by cops. What's wrong with you?
...says the man leading us to war.
If we have such a surplus that @NFL gets tax breaks, i will be withholding all my future tax payments. @TheFive @TheBoxThatRoxx @ProducerKen
And we the TAXPAYER flip the bill for the honor guards, flyovers, national anthem performance, flag time on TV..  NFL charges the government
Change the law
Why are you, and every other wealthy SOB getting massive tax breaks?
STOP THE FUNDING ASAP
Get Congress to act
https://twitter.com/wakoppa/status/919672939984777216 … #FannieGate 'ObamaCare'
http://www.latimes.com/local/california/la-me-los-angeles-shelter-shortage-20170929-htmlstory.html … L.A. County now has 58,000 homeless people. So why are there thousands fewer shelter beds than in 2009?
I am so proud to have a real man in the whitehouse! @realDonaldTrump I support you! #AmazingDocGreeneShow
Call your senators and Representatives!!! Why should we pay for a game when so many people in our country need benefits
Mr Trump,what you think about Hyde United getting into first round proper of English FA Cup?
LAIR, LIAR, LIAR!!!! @POTUS This is not true & you are proposing giving them TAX BREAKS !!!  U r insane--WORST PRESIDENT EVER!!!!
Sorta like all the tax free churches molesting children? Let’s hear you say something about their tax break!
Shhhhhhhhhhh
How do you spell STUPID in three letters?  NFL
Now gone and huddle up and do yo dance gettt it raw hide


Dont you mean Obama? All of his policies failed. The only thing he can claim to fame is he was black.

NFL getting massive tax breaks? Hell No! I have boycotted NFL! I could never watch again! Millionaire's, most no military but DV, drugs etc
How about Americans finally get a break and you show us YOUR tax returns? We’ve been paying for your failures for a very long time. 
Churches should pay tax laws lol
I just meant taxes sorry donny
WHERE ARE YOUR TAX RETURNS?
If, NFL is a business then why the tax breaks give them only what other businesses get. Don’t fund the fat cats & spoiled on the knee punks.
Trump winds up as a big cheerleader for NFL stadium subsidies in final tax bill
Ok when are you going to start???!
President Trump , Give the tax break to the fans paying too much to see these entitled athletes ! #MAGA
Also: See churches
Remember this country was founded by immigrants whom stole the land from the natives and build it on the backs of African slaves.
I ask you to use your ivy league education & review the history of our country. The USA is known as the melting pot.
Let's take away the NFL's special tax breaks, why SHOULD we pay their freight! @realjameswoods
Thank you Mr. President! Tax their muni bonds. It is ridiculous that they should get the tax shelter to build their stadiums.
I agree
Why are they a F**king 501c3?? Anyone else would be charged with RICO! Except the CLINTON FOUNDATION which brings me to my next subject...
@nflcommish
#BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL
#FuckYouNFL 

#BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL
#FuckYouNFL
Stop federal tax breaks for NFL
Please, stop all tax breaks for these NFL THUGS!
Do sponsors advertising on @NFL broadcasts get any slice of tax breaks?
If so-hit that for more effect.
@HouseGOP @rushlimbaugh @seanhannity
What do you know about respect? Another rich coward who hid from service. Goof in Chief.
I think all liberals should move to Europe for they  are very liberal.  All conservatives stay in US . Trump supporters will win anyway. So all will be happy
Crazy man, get back doing what you suppose to be doing.  The NFL are not disrespecting our Flag!  Yoiu dumb ass, kneeling is praying!
No sports institution should get tax breaks, with how much money they make. But there is no disrespect to the nation in their kneeling.
WHERE are YOUR Tax returns???

Why are we not supporting the Kurds? You know, our true friends. Will it take Israel assisting them for us to act?
It's time to STOP GIVING AMERICAN TAX DOLLARS TO @NFL 
They don't respect the flag or the American People. #Ravens 
They have ENOUGH CASH
Trump is raping America! Federal employees get reprimanded or fired if credit is bad...You haven't paid taxes for 30 years!
Really? People will believe any you say. @slandinSoCal
because we have allowed it
Why is @nfl called the NATIONAL Football League when these jerks can't even just be polite during the NATIONAL Anthem? @nflcommish @espn
Why are YOU getting massive tax breaks while disrespecting our Constitution and Gold Star families? #NiceTry but #NoTaxBreaksForUltrarich
Why don't you take the money and put it back into Social Security.  The previous admistrations dipped in the amount  3.7 trillion dollars.
My dad is dying, stage 4 pancreatic cancer & your DEA has made his Dr stop giving him pain meds. Get govt out of healthcare
AND KNOCK THE @NFL INTO NEXT WEEK ALREADY! DAMN THEIR BEHAVIOR IS UNWARRANTED! UNCALLED FOR AND INTOLERABLE! BUH BYE STUPIDS!
Why are you and your cronies getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting everything the USA stands for? Change President
Impeachment of a racist ranking child
Why are you still President by disrespecting everyone. Asshole.
That is all I can say, "At least my hair still blows in the air."
You lost it man.
TRUMP YOU ARE RIGHT AGAIN!!!!
Capitalism means the government doesn’t get involved in a business’ decisions. Dictatorships tell businesses how they can run them selves

The American people can no longer afford trillions of dollars of corporate welfare to the socialist cronies.
Just shut up!
#Remove the #SecurityBlanket for churches too. Make them pay taxes!! No more #Exempt from paying their share!!
Why the fuck are you???? Is the better question!!!!
@VoteEmAllOut #BoycottNFL
Pres Trump you are 100& rite can we look at revoking the nfl 501/ c3 tax ex it was only to be used for real non profits if I understand bill
Wow!! Coming from you! You should be ashamed. Pay your own share of taxes and then point the finger. You’re disgusting!
Cut the @NFL off. I refuse to pay them to disrespect my country.
Impeach Trump
What tax breaks?  There aren’t any.  They don’t get tax breaks you idiot
Plz President @realDonaldTrump  Really need to know ! Ask @UN plz! Who will give Small Malala Boys Noble Prize on this year 2017 ? 
@realDonaldTrump president plzzz ! Plz ask #UN  , who will give Small @malala Boys Noble Prize In this Year 2017 ???  Thanksss !
And you DT dodged the draft on highly spurious grounds. Disrespecting your Anthem, Flag and Country.
They aren't. They gave up those tax breaks voluntarily more than two years ago. Where have you been?
Trump your the one disrespecting ore constitution, freedom of speech, freedom of the press, Treason Treason
IMMEDIATELY
Why the fuck are they getting tax breaks to begin with?
Again fake news, NFL = Passthrough.  You want to reduce their taxes from 39% to 25%.
@NFLSHULD PAY THEIR FAIR SHARE OFJUST LIKE EVERY1 ELSE IN THE BUSINESS !HAS RUN OUT 4 NO PLAYER APOLOGIES&CONTINUED#TakeAKnee IDIOCY!
Get off Twitter, ACT like a POTUS, repair, NOT replacehealthcare, and help ALL our people, NOT JUST THE RICH!!  Review your moral code, sir.
Yeah TAX THE CHURCHES!!!
Why is a 4 time bankrupt liar allowed to use the tax rules to his advantage? Release your taxes!
How do they qualify for 501C3
@deplorableJLS yep yep. Do it Sir!
Why is the Dotard hiding massive conflicts of interests while at the same time disrespecting our anthem, flag and Country? Release tax returns!
Newton's 3rd Law of Motion. Not that most NFL players know what that is!
Punish the NFL any way you can.
No sports should ever get any TAX BREAKS. This should be against the law!!!
Take the 7 billion from NFL and put it towards healthcare.
They dont seem to understand the reason they can play football is because of the flag and anthem.
Agreed and charge your immoral life double
NFLgets tax breaks,for the same reason your company has always had them! Money talks! You know it's true,otherwise U would change the law!
Absolutely!  What the NFL is doing is disgusting!  I've been boycotting their games.
They need to be Fired if they take another knee for the flag.
HEY T How about we all take a knee arnd cinemas ntnwide to show solidarity for women's rghts and stand up against Hollywood's macho culture!
Speaking of disrespecting the flag, didn’t 5 years at military acad teach behavior for retreat
Same reason your are. Is attacking and "threatening" US citizens via Twitter respecting our Country? #getaclue
Stop the tax breaks and su as idies for them.
Make them pay for nit all themselves or go under.

Boycott the nfl!
Why do you get massive tax breaks while you do the same to the American ideals?
Maybe they should also follow there own rules which require players to stand during the Anthem https://www.si.com/nfl/2017/09/25/does-nfl-require-players-stand-national-anthem … #MAGA
Funny how so many Trump supporters think burning the Constitution is patriotic. It’s almost like they are Russian or something.
Change the law, TODAY!   Why should we be forced to pay, via taxes, so someone can disrespect our Flag/Nation?
Yeah why...??? Cut them off, a bunch of Girly Guys...
Y is @TrumpFoundation getting #tax #breaks when it spends #donor #money on #bribes + on #personal #benefits 4 @realDonaldTrump ? #Hypocrite
Tax the shit out of them and then put ALL the mommas boys on the front lines  and teach them some respect for America we stand for GOD
You respect all American Citizens!
Wtf
Y'all  talk about patriotism.   I guess you stand at QUIET attention with hands over heart when ur home and anthem comes on huh?
Go suck a pito cabeza de elote 
Why can’t you stop abusing your powers by harassing companies and people? And why can’t your learn how to use capital letters?
I totally agree,  I don't get it.
I seriously can't stand you. You are so closed minded I want to scream.
Why are you getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disgracing our country #thinkaboutthat #Shame #IdiotInChief #ImpeachTrumpNow
When does social security get a raise.   We have not had a raise at all from Obama.
Stop the tax breaks they call you a white supremest, they call us all one. Go trump maga
It is. Outrageous those overpaid ball players league gets ANY tax break. But then the IRS HAS THEIR PETS.
You are disrespecting our anthem, flag and country.  Maybe you should take a look at our constitution #firstamendment
Keep preaching the truth Mr.President
Why would they get tax breaks at all?
I never voted to support the NFL with my tax dollars
@realDonaldTrump I'm pretty sure NFL voluntarily gave up their 501(c)(6) exemption status in 2015, so what are you actually referring to?
HAVE YOU SAID ANYTHING ABOUT CALIFORNIA ON FIRE??! SEND HELP, PLEASE!!!
Could say the same about churches
yeah, I guess the rich don't really deserve need tax breaks
We were all correct when we called foolsball players dumb jocks in both high school & college.  Now, the designation applies 2 pro-football.
THE QUESTION SHOULD BE : WHY IS A LYING,DRAFT DODGING,PAYING NO TAXES,THIEF,OUR CURRENT POTUS?
Tax breaks!!!! WHAT??? No way NFL should be getting any tax breaks!!!
How are president and you are very disrespectful to people!
Take away the tax breaks.
We need that money for the WALL. MAGA
You are right on Mr President. Keep pounding on these arrogant, criminal players and the NFL owners! Take them out!
President Trump end this & give $$$ to our Military soldiers Vets !!!
#STOPTHEGOV.HANDOUTTONFL
