Well "FAKE NEWS  " have existed  a couple of Thousand years   - That`s Not A FAKE  !
They just want to put you down
Looks like your “brilliant” strategy of calling the Russia investigation “fake news” isn’t working. Funny how EVIDENCE OF TREASON doesn’t just disappear when you want it to. Your CRIMINAL ACTIONS won’t go away—you will have to answer to the American public.
CNN Very Fake News!

way to go America! Look what we did? Elected a president? I spoiled kid! He thinks greatness! Requires Great well! Neither of which he has himself! If you're wondering? What'll do? You're not alone! He doesn't have a clue!
@realDonaldTrump
ALL those russian stories are TRUE FAT BOY and Mueller is coming to getcha
Yep, just keep on tweeting your bullshit, WEAK old man.  You and your 32% base will be blind-sided when Reality hits.  That'll be so much fun!
Fake News CNN is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony Russian stories....
President Trump. We all like your tweets. Some have caused a little confusion, but everyone likes to hear directly from you. I sure do.
@ErickaJacobs123 
Let's finish them off Mr. POTUS!

Liberals are hypocrites. Complaining about what President Trump said in a locker room 10 years ago but silent about Obama. #doublestandards 
The hypocrisy you point out reminds me of #TheLeftandTheEnvironment 
& this disgusting story
But this one from the Left is even more unbelievable.  They really do hate America
MSM need to lose licensing for propaganda and sedition
And you'll change your insane opinion 180o the minute a (D) is in the White House.
No in a democracy criticism isn't fake. Harden up
you inherited a ship that was righted by good leadership and immediately turned it into a pirate ship full of swampthings.
a disgraceful foul mouthed moron trying to turn the country inside and only cares about profiting from his position.
this from the liar in chief.  A man who lies each time opens his mouth and doubles down on the lie hoping it becomes true.
Idiot.
FACT CHECK:. FAKE PRESIDENT!  FACT CHECK:. PATHETIC EXCUSE OF HUMAN BEING!  FACT CHECK:. CORRUPT GREEDY BOGOT!
Depends commercials are more watched then CNN Even though their eventual content is the same.
@realDonaldTrump, 1) you will be impeached by the congress bc of your dealings w Russia 2) your supporters are learning of your draft dodge
you were quoted by @USATODAY
Why are you up to date on everyone's ratings?
You holding the chart upside down?

You are wrong. CNN's ratings are UP.

Like your DISapproval rate!

#TrumpLies
HA FAT LIAR. Pooping on truth with his fake news feces.
- I am not sure mete changes will save them. How do you trust them ever again? Maybe Steve would buy these jerks.
CNN will be under AT&T a company who has been eliminating jobs greatly.They buy companies & fire people. Please stop this.
The only fake news story is your face
I don't watch CNN, but there is plenty of good reporting out there. Don't let anyone Don fake you
Weird. A fake phony deflecting attention from his own bullshit. SAD!!! #TrumpSad #BooHoo #ShutTheTuckUpDonny
The only ratings going down are yours
You ought to know about falling ratings.  You n ur party are ignorant everything that is hateful u inhale n ingest
Grow up

America wants to know - What did you & Putin talk abt during 1-1 without even your own interpreter? Did you beg Putin not to release tapes?
Everyone here, on planet earth, is talking about what a fool u are. It's huge



hellooooo
The President of the United States shouldn't have so much to say about cable news. Try Syria, Healthcare, North Korea, Russian hacking.
How those phony stories look now? More to come, only fake news are the words you spit out , resign , you're an embarrassment and a traitor!!
Wouldn't know, seems highly hypocritical of any vet to support trump
Funny how DJT has amassed millions of twitter followers in past month or so. So who's building bots? I suspect you are one of those minions
Have you seen your ratings lately? Most hated president in history. Sad. Your son is a blatant liar, just like you.
Your ratings are way down. Our country is frowned upon in the international community because of our Cheeto faced trilobite of a leader,SAD!
@HillaryClinton @CNNPolitics  TRUMP everything is fake if they don't side with you. PLEASE GET TRUMP OUT. ITS TIME
The mother of my kids is hiding my kids there's a reason why cuz she's probably getting my children High on her heroin.
Donald trump shut up
Fake News is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony Russian stories. Ratings way down!
Phony russian story* — Bud, the WH should rethink the Presidential position for all the lies you told that have been debunked, coward.
https://twitter.com/damejemarshall/status/883901889049317376 …
Fake

US Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley: "Everybody knows that Russia meddled in our elections" http://cnn.it/2u4fFG3  
Like Fake - Fox - Also - Keenly - Exagerates.  The facts and truth are foreign to this fake news network.  WTF. Americans aren't stupid
@CNN may hv lost d rating war but they won d ratings battle w/my fiancé/biographer @BrookeBCNN-->https://twitter.com/BrookeBCNN/status/880941091889061888 … NUMBER ONE #YES
Fox Fake News and National Enquirer.  Tells volumes about this very low brain weight Putzident!!
The irony of Putzident Trump asserting CNN is 'fake' is that this fool actually reads and espouses 'news' from
I love CNN 
This is one of the reason why our family do not watch the Communist News Network!
Ctfu

Russia steps up spying efforts after election -  And Trump does NOTHING about it. http://www.cnn.com/2017/07/06/politics/russia-steps-up-spying-efforts-after-election/index.html …
Their ratings dropped so far they went below zero, came back around, and ended up with about 100,000 more veiwers than last year!
The clown president!!!
Zhang z
CNN  just need to let it go. No legs to stand on so just sit the hell down.. #FreedomFrenzy
Ok Trump what does real news mean to you
CEO of CNN Jeff "Mussolini" Zucker, his days are numbered. He has destroyed the CNN brand in his traitorous attempt to take down Pres Trump.
How about a government break-up of #CNN? They're not going to fix themselves and we wouldn't trust them to do so anyway.
IDT @CNN cares about trying to restore credibility to their org. It seems sensationlism and salacious new/scandals,lies makes them more $$$
Go away

YOU ARE DOING THE RIGHT THING! @CNN IS FIRED!!
=
they are on their way out !!!  -  thank God !!!  -  Jim
long way to go before they are as low as yours. Wh@try and concentrate on running your country instead of making these childish tweets?
US looking at big management changes (impeachment) now that we see @realDonaldTrump is mentally unhinged and lies incessantly. Sad. Bad.
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJo6hxDm5SGls0WJKxbj_Yj2x5bTqIjIsgDhM0/ …
Most disliked President of all time. Terrible. Let's get him out and start over to undo the damage he's inflicted on America.
Trump ratings remain the lowest ever. He knows the investigations will turn up something illegal. SAD!
Put them out of the new business  can open hot dog stand out in front of FOX NEWS at lunch time
Go do something! Media ratings have nothing to do with your job, Donnie.
#FNN
I feel a renaissance of objective news on the horizon. All we want out News is objectivity. Let us decide.

Thx for pressuring them.
IT'S AS BAD AS YOUR LIES ALL THE TIME!!!
Wow, six lies in 23 words.  Way to keep your credibility the same as it was when you announced your POTUS run:  zero!
Nothing phoney about an FBI investigation with you and entire family under the magnifying glass! Lies and more lies! They will catch up to U

All they have to do is change their gangster name From CNN to BSN! Lol
fake news president
Fake news fake President
Another day at the office in Trump's imaginary world.

#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentNow…
Cancel CNN's press pass !!
You know whats the similarity between your account and typos? They should be deleted. Nobody wants to read FAKE NEWS in 95% of your tweets.
When will you stop shoving your finger up your ass and stop calling it fake news. Thats how people know what is going on around the world...
actually their ratings are up. And all you do trump is make me watch CNN more! Only thing fake is your illegitimate prez
Get off the gas,you are not black so how do you know what the Dem have done. Until you can walk in a black man's skin keep yo mouth shut
#25thAmmendmentNow #25ththe45th #25thAmmendment
Have you met Putin before? It is a yes or no question?
Didn't you encourage fake news of President Obama not being an American citizen? What goes around comes around Donny!
Bantor too
In your Bangor about the "lying media"
As an adult, and the leader of the greatest nation in the free world I would think you could be much more tactful
That's good. You keep up the good work Mr.President
Ratings down? #fakenews, @realDonaldTrump!
Liar liar pants on fire!
Why don't you do some work for a change?
Happy to hear
Alphabet networks are not far behind CNN's bias
Don't fret Mr @POTUS , "There sin will find them out..."  Keep doing what you're doing. A GREAT JOB!!!
ترامب يوعز لداعش والنصرة بضرب المدنيين بالكيماوي لالصاق التهمة بالجيش السوري وتبرير ضربات جديدة 
#الموت_لأمريكا
Its time for our Government to look at big management changes also first #IMPEACHtrumpNOW & remove his #freeloadingfam & #swampcabinet ASAP!
Stop gaslighting. You are the PRESIDENT OF The UNITED STATES.  Instead of spewing nonsense, tell us what you are doing for our country. Fool
The only ratings that are down are yours and the only fake is YOU!

You really are obsessed with ratings. That's wierd.
#TrumpOffTwitter #DeleteYourAccount #NoFascistUSA #J15TrumpPenceMustGo
CNN is a propaganda machine. Pure and simple.
Ironic, since everything coming from your mouth is fake and misleading. #TrumpLies
Ratings don't matter.. Russia has tried to meddle in multiple elections this year as well.. It's the truth.
Your ratings are WAY down. CNN's ratings are actually up.
#fakeTIME
ROTFLMAO!!! Donny and Melania DIVORCING over TRUMP/PUTIN AFFAIR!! hahahahahahahahaha
No. Her affair. 
That tweet is fake news.

TRUMP & PEOPLE Vs.ESTABLISHMENT MEDIA is a Test of Wills not for the faint hearted. Don't give an inch. UR @POTUS MSM=0 @stephenkbannon @VP
Dementia is problem
#MAGA


I My President
去年末に二十歳の米国学生が家に泊まりに来て、①メディアは嘘が多い②ヒラリーは守銭奴悪人③オバマは偽善者と言っていた。CNNフェイクを知って、この学生(さすが米国軍事大学の優等生！)と藤井先生が正しかったんだと納得しました。
Your right Mr. President Rosie is a loser.
NO THEY AREN'T AS YOU ARE TROUBLE MAKER AND NEED TO BE TAKEN OUT!!
Remember when you pushed the, president Obama not being born here, story? That was fake, but not this.

the only ratings that a way down are yours
Okay
Tjis i so funny coming from a fake like you
LOVE YOU PRESIDENT Trump ! Just keep working for us the American people !!!
I don't watch the news. I watch you.. so far the only thing I don't like is the huge budget cut to the department of education..
Liar
Have fun meeting with Master Putin. And please eat and drink EVERYTHING!
I hope they go out of business , I know I stopped watching them
Do you just sit in your office and look at rating numbers all day? Have you nothing better to do, you big bimbo
Just watched cnn lie again .so sick of it.please pull press credintials.
Funny how EVERY news station but FOX is covering the Russia story. Unlike ur cult, the rest of us know youre the #LiarInChief
Russia "story" is fake news, bro. Where's the proof after a year of investigating??
THE PHONY IS TRUMP!!  IMPEACH!!!

They still don't have your low ratings. You try to pivot away from your criminal investigation  but, most Americans aren't so easily fooled
Their ratings could never go as low as your approval ratings, you snake oil huckster!  #growthefuckup

I guess we should be glad Hitler & Stalin are dead or they would join Putin on your most admired leaders list right behind yourself
It's about time
I love this guy, real street fighter
