So they caught Fake News CNN cold, but what about NBC, CBS &amp; ABC? What about the failing @nytimes &amp; @washingtonp...
100% agree Mr president sir!


And Al Jazeera
Lets stop calling it "News".  It's commentary, nothing more.  Rarely do we get actual facts without opinions.  The 4 th estate is dead.



I will never be able to look at the golden section the same way ever again!
So CNN fired reporters and retracted fake stories, when is Trump eve going to admit lying once?
Will you stop this #FakeNews bullshit, this is our democracy you're fucking with. STOP SAYING FAKE NEWS. You're killing this country.



RIP CNN 

Lied itself to death

#CNNFakeNews 

#CNNISFAKENEWS

#CNN shot their last load, it's really all over for you fools there. You are never going to recover ...ever.
Says the Dentist doing sets at the local motel 6

you got a lot of balls saying anything about telling the truth. Just one at S.o. U. that your tax break was largest inhistory. A lie, seeing how it was actually 8th wit Obamas being bigger
Resign now, you useless parody. The whole world is laughing at you!
IMPEACHMENT is too good for you. Locking you and that grifter family up would be better!!!
We love that your unfiltered and authentic a true American leader fir the people.
Unfiltered? Is that a complete raving lunatic? Authentic? As in not up to the job?
Yes, and thank you for demanding that the media do their job and stop hacking for the globalist democrats !!!
Republican backers are the Globalists.
Idiot. It's not a news source.
Call you rep or senator left or rt and ask what they will do if evidence of collusion/financial ties w Russia are found. #ask #whatwilludo
Yes and when they find nothing they report it. Not open ended speculation. People can say anything these days and nothing happens.
U voted 4 a guy who colluded with our nations worst enemy but he's such a shit dems will take power and you'll get Pelosi U voted 4 Pelosi!
Our nations worst enemy??? Seriously you need to wake up. Russia has never attacked America. They are our enemies why? We need a boogie man.
They have so any times, just never front on.
I couldn't agree with you more President Trump.



Idiot.
Sigh
Perfect compliment for a FAKE PRESIDENT
They're news outlets that tell the real truth which a sociopath can't put up with.

. Yes they are! They must be held accountable. Fake news all of them!
Lying #fakenews viewership is way down!!
You are the greatest threat to US democratic institutions- including free press - in my lifetime. And I've been around awhile.
And your a fake President.
Yes, President Trump I totally agree with you.
Are we supposed to believe that Donald Trump has not been fake at all
oky
Yeah everything is fake mostly u
Yes all news is fake ! How could that happen?
You mejor Presidente de los EEUU
YOU ARE THE ONLY FAKE NEWS

Even @DonaldJTrumpJr knows it.
SAYS THE FAKE PRESIDENT.
Boycott all those lying fake news outlets and their sponsors ....maga
They are all propaganda for the Democrat party . GEORGE SOROS IS THEIR PUPPET MASTER.
Only for TRUMP followers, for the rest of the world are the best media reporters
Nice try!!!
is Fake News to you. Spend time running the country!
How many more times are you going to tweet that it is Fake News??? We already know that everythin
Any news station that mentions anything against you and Russia is Fake News!!!
Facrs
Stop whining, you man-child!
And now we are to be assailed with Trump News. Total propaganda, with a very dictatorial viewpoint. No thanks NPR AND BBC FOR ME
No. Not True.  YOU, though, are a FAKE POTUS...elected by the uneducated and the Russians.



Fake News is saying. Obama not born in American. Muslims on top of buildings cheering 9/11, calling for deaths of wrongly accused kids.
As one falls the rest will crumble - they can provide life support to DNC, Hillary and themselves. CNN is expendable.
They cannot all be fake
You are a Fake Potus.
Oh, Donny! Didn't anyone ever tell you that if you can't say anything nice, you shouldn't say anything at all?
I have a feeling we will all see "real" news when Mueller is done with you...
The mad ravings of a truly sick mind.
how can a president be at war against his own country??
Lashing out again?  Must be something big is coming down the pike....CNN is more real than you will EVER be. 
You hawging the Blunt dawg. Puff, puff, pass.
Bigly FAKES are you, president bannon and US prime minister putin
DonDon, so nice to see you twisting in the wind.  Hope you get a cell with a nice view...
Who is they? Who caught them? If you're talking about the story they retracted they being CNN corrected their error. Sad
If they stroke your ego will they be real news again? Take your celebrity hat off and put you president pants on and do your job. Grow up.
Your*
These media outlets who have been around forever are all of a sudden fake news? Because they said something you didn't like? Seriously?
Dude you are the POTUS. THIS is what you tweet about?! Wtf. Do better.

How many times have you been caught cold now? So many times, I've lost track. And yet, no apologies or retractions from you. #LiarInChief
There's no real investigative reporters anymore. News has become a script from a TelePrompTer by actors. Maybe not all but it happens.
All owned and operated by a tight knit group.
Yep and we the people are onto them

Mr President, I'm tired of the crap your family is getting. You have a beautiful family. The hell with the press
What about Fox News retracting their Comey story today? Why aren't you calling for those reporters to be fired and slandering them as FAKE?
So they caught Fox cold, what about all the winning in the honest media. Manafort, Kush, and your boy all caught you're next.
So true Mr President
You're as fake with your hate n lies. You can't even run our country right. Spend time fixing it instead of being on twitter!
hey old man I'm still getting my word of the cover up that you know about Eye Doctor James Albert harder PhD the rent for his life
No one lies more than you Mr President. How do we know? Your lips are moving.
Can you focus on the issues of our nation and less about your bruised ego.
What about fox
Is the only REAL news the lies YOU tell? Because some of them are really unbelievable whoppers.
How can all of the news be fake? Ahhhh....its fake if it doesn't pander to you...got it now..
Fuck Trump
Now ts just like my #FakeOctober2004 @advocatehealthAgreement & my #FakeSeptember2007 eviction from my Richton Park IL home #howaboutthat?
Name calling and pointing fingers does not model leadership. No matter the 'side' seems we've forgotten #dividedwefall.
What about the FAILING PRESIDENCY?  Step down. now.
Stop listening to the females that's lying to you step up to me already.
Take your meds!
FOR CRYING OUT LOUD SHUT UP ABOUT FAKE NEWS WE ARE    TIRED OF HEARING ABOUT IT.
#resign
your fox just got caught
Fox Biz confirms that anchor Charles Payne "is suspended pending further investigation." http://variety.com/2017/tv/news/fox-business-charles-payne-harassment-1202489021/ …
Keep up the RHETORIC. You are going to get a journalist killed.
CNN owns up to inaccurate reporting.  When will Donald J. Trump own up to his thousands of obvious lies?
CNN & all the media,Buck full of bull Trump made it u Communist are green with envy Thousand of lies not he is not Obama the king of lies!
I fucking hate you orange shit
Or, the fake shit our fake President tweets out!
Nothing more fake than your Barrack MOHAMED Obama the king of lies "keep your doctor too" ..his legacy a bag BULL 150B to Iran? Go to Maduro
We can smell  fake and your propaganda does not make fiction into fact  Hitler tried it and dictators try it but facts come out eventually
New York Times is at record level subscriptions.
I guess people like laughing at their #FakeNews! I get a kick out of it, but I'm not going to pay for it.
What about Fox? Is it fake news, too?
One at a time let's close CNN for good together we all can make a deference. Ask any airport tavern restaurants showing CNN to change to Fox
Should we also out libs in camps and take care of any minorities you don't care for?
=
THAT'S WHY THEY CALL IT A "NETWORK"! THEY'RE ALL IN ON IT, TOGETHER!
Bot

and you are a #FakePresident
What about you Fake President
from proud American abroad gr8 job! Crush Kill& Destroy isis
Please Sir, Wipe isis from face of the planet!
Pathetic man.  Try acting like an adult for once in your life.  You're the biggest fake if them all, you've lied over and over
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJo6hxDm5SGls0WJKxbj_Yj2x5bTqIjIsgDhM0/ …
Trump is confused, this is what is called fake, something that is not real. Get it?
You are confused man! Trump made it, baby and envy is green like your head! Get it? you Communist all to go to Venezuela socialism 4 u ALL
You are out of your mind
Stop it.
What about #Breitbart is alt-right news just the way you like it
Alternative+Fake+Provactive = #Trump's propaganda machine (breitbart)
You say mainstream 'anything' is fake&untested 'alternative (facts)' is truth. hmm if I made up stuff on web, that'd be more legit vs news?
The earth is also flat may I add, Donald....
If these established news outlets are fake, then your hands are huge
UGH
BETTER WORRY ABOUT YOURSELF WITH ALL THE LIES, WOMEN ETC.!
@blaircottrell89 @nytimes @washingtonpost Ba humbug
Just because they call you out as a liar. Poor baby.
You're the one that's fake president
@ndtv  bhi जोड़ दो
Do you talk about anything other than "fake news".. Don't you have a country to run? Just got on your twitter feed for the 1st time. #sad
What about your failing presidency?  That's real news
NYT isn't failing

#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentNow…
***@foxandfriends @FoxNews ***- Donald Trump's answer for American State Run Television #25thAmmendmentNow
BTW, CNN ratings are up!
We love you President Trump! So proud to have you as our commander and chief. Choo choo!
He will be on trial soon
Donald if you cannot stand the heat get out of the kitchen. You are the fake not the news.
He's real that's what rubs so many wrong he doesn't have a "public" response she vs his real response aka Hilary and many politicians
Hitler did away with all free press and look at all the good it did for Germany and Jewish people. Dictators do that.
He also did away with gun ownership and freedom of speech and he owned the press mmmm who does that sound like
leaders who do not address conflict will lose good talent in search of a healthier work environment... Trump killing Liberalism since 2017
Oh my God!! America waited for the president, who will not make his policy on news in the newspapers?
Straight from the fake president. What we need to do is audit Electoral College votes. Hand full of ppl putting this joke on us for 4 yrs.
2012 - analyzing via Murray Math - showed much stronger indications of fraud than Amy election in years. 1976 too ==> both sides for '76
It gets better
 Assault is against the law so why is boxing even legal. No wonder America so fckd up. Hypocrisy bad role modeling
#25thAmmendmentNow #25ththe45th #25thAmmendment
they will all fall sir they are corupt globalist scum
If every news outlet is #fakenews who can we possibly believe? Certainly not you! Oh gosh I might offend you, hope you block me! 
You are 100% correct Mr President. The same MSM that despises working families is nothing but a Globalist Anti-American propaganda machine.
You wish T.  You're the one who's failing.  Fess up!
YEP! The whole world is wrong except you. There's a message there somewhere. Very clear. Very!
" FAKE NEWS" DOESN'T CUT IT ANYMORE! WE ARE NOT FOOLS!
Give them hell @POTUS @realDonaldTrump .
The punks dish it out but can't take it. True sign of a #pantywaisted left wing born loser.
Says the guy who created fake Time Magazine covers with his photo.
Donald...   The only FAKE NEWS that's out there are YOUR lies, and the BS your staff says.
So what are you doing about the child slavery ring on Mars? If infowars says it, it must be true.
What about FOX??
Everyone is failing according to you- 25th Amendment
The only FAKE is you!! You humor yourself by thinking ur presidential but ur actually the lowest form of disgusting life there is! #RESIGN

I wonder if your mother would be ashamed of you or afraid for you? #25thAmendment


Remember that time you photoshopped yourself on the cover of Time? Or the hundreds of times you've been caught in lies, maybe thousands?
So, which news organizations are not fake, only the ones you tell us to believe? #SmellsLikeaDictator!
So what news isn't fake? Please enlighten me.
Beware of confirmation bias. It's a thing.
You are Just like #Hitler,  #history has taught us about would be dictators like you attacking media
#FakePresident
#TrumpOffTwitter #DeleteYourAccount #NoFascistUSA #J15TrumpPenceMustGo
