Tell South Korea to get their boots ready for the ground because US boots should not go there.
God bless!!
Next time your on with him could you ask about reducing the times for Aliexpress parcels to reach me, thanks
Your doing a great job.
Of course you have to call it a "very good call" you need to keep you supply of made in china products on your shelf space.
Anyone else shocked diplomats can get through phone calls, with our loser POTUS, without uncontrollable fits of laughter?

@realDonaldTrump
We were discussing diplomacy, what's it like to talk to His Holiness, Pope Francis? Fair question…

@realDonaldTrump
Do actual leaders, like Angela Merkel, look at you, like the Circus Clown  you are?

@realDonaldTrump
I know I think you're a clown  

@realDonaldTrump

Bad combination
Trump is the opposite of Obama- his decisions are effective..
@TurkiAldakhil
Can u make that same call to President Zuma to step down .
You're fucking kidding, right? You're just too anxious. You just can't wait to take things 10 times worse!

say your prayers my fellow Americans

So original if it's not Russia it's golfing try just getting a life you'd be happier
Russia's not original -- seems everyone's given it a go. Did you hear about Carter Page?
Shirts were late again eh lol
How many pairs of Ivanka shoes, how many purses by Ivanka are in the deal? Which chapter in Art of Deal covered nepotism?
Idiot!
Calling North Korea a "menace" the day after @PressSec said Assad was worse than Hitler. You can't wait to start a war, can you?
I think you mean end a threat?
Ugh, please!
Did you discuss the menace you pose to America?
Rod believes Trump is a puppet of McDonald's?  Hey, do you still ignorantly believe Trump is controlled by Russia, goofball?
According to you. I wonder what China thinks?  What did you fuck up?
He menace in this world is you. You colluded with Russia. You want war to detract from that. You will still be impeached for treason.RESIGN
It bothers me that you tell us every single thing you do, mainly because you seem to do 2 things a day.

Should we give you a sticker?
Maybe he should do it all in secret and keep Americans in the dark
You really think China is with you on this , so should we all get ready for WWIII , btw did  you have a good talk with Russia also

Donnie treating Kim like every bourbon street bouncer treated the true menace
So the Chinese leader has a conversation with a menace about a menace?
you a nＯ brain
did you bet if you can strike a golf ball far enough to reach KJU's shaky cottage?
Are you getting David Cameron, Patrick Stewart, and Rob Delaney on the line too?
Congratulations Mr President #MAGA
Seeking help from ChinaGreat movement Mr. President
fingers crossed donny has an aneurysm
Let me know how that goes. For 8 years, I crossed my fingers and hung on a prayer that someone would rid our Nation of Obama and Hillary.
Seeing as how they're still infecting the world with their lies and corruption, crossing my fingers did nil. Thank God Trump happened. #MAGA

I am so looking forward to your impeachment.
Carter Page colluded with Russia on behalf of your campaign?
#TrumpRussia
#WednesdayWisdom
Here's why…

@AynRandPaulRyan @realDonaldTrump
Says who
MAGA 
More Winning!!! Thank You President Trump #Istandwithtrump
China does now know his next move
The strike on syria has unnerved china
If u can predict ur enemies moves
U r nervous
China is shit scared.
Hat off for who is slashing who with the press of China. Soon our right to mean is shoving our way.
Don't get us nuked, cowboy.
Are you happy with the life the ordinary people of North Korea are living under their wicked leader? Thinking only about yourself?
You do realize it's not North Korea that's the problem, its their government. Sounds familiar.
And the NK people should get off their asses and do something about it, God helps those who help themselves.
YES! That guy likes to be called "PRESIDENT" abroad! For his own people he is the "CHAIRMAN" though. It's kind of similar to us, actually.
Like when our spokespeople say "HOLOCAUST CENTERS", other people might think of "CONCENTRATION CAMPS" or "EXTERMINATION CAMPS". Just words!
Or when we say "IMMEDIATE HEALTHCARE REFORM" other people might see... well... nothing at all. Haha, words are SO funny!
Or when we said we will eliminate ALL NATIONAL DEBT by the end of our second term, well, then some other guy from our team says HYPERBOLE.
All of this is just a bunch of WORDS, of which we have the BEST ones, some of which are even very very BIGLY! Like URANIUM!
North Korea will be STOPPED from WHATEVER it is they are doing. Or at least they will be TALKED ABOUT by us and other people.
Maybe we'll just build a YUGE WALL around North Korea and have the PERUVIANS pay for it. WHY the Peruvians? Because...
Well, because those Peruvians have been trying to fly under EVERYONE'S radar with their LLAMAS and their PONCHOS, but that has to STOP!
Please stop prank calling world leaders
Please find a new hobby.
It's either this or philately
Let's see nicer tweets man.
Did you make that request to Trump as well?
Hey he's toned it down mate.
Toned it down?  Taunting dictators and threatening China on Twitter while chanting USA! is toning it down? You've lost it, "mate."
He never threatened China. He said if they don't fix the issue, he would.
.@realDonaldTrump This tweet was worth $39.00 for the @ACLU @BernieSanders
You've conned 62 million people. Amazing.
Someone needs mental health help and it's not those of us that voted for Trump it's the idiots who voted for a traitor
Yet Hillary is taking walks in a forest while Donald is under investigation for treason.
You bought the kool-aid of the liberals so enjoy it!
Are you saying that Hillary isn't taking walks in a forest or that Don isn't under several federal investigations?
Apparently you can't read! You said he conned 62 million that statement is really absurd
It's meant to be. He probably conned 30 million or so in actuality.
The only ones conned are those who voted for Hillary funny spend over $1 Billion and lose now just accept it and move on
Ah, you're still baiting North Korea. I can see this ending well. You're very irresponsible and ill-advised to be jive talking on Twitter.
Maybe stick to playing golf every week and let the qualified people make the real, tough decisions? Just a thought.
Says the person too afraid to use a real photo. I pity you and your terribly weak retorts.
He is attempting to maintain his Liberal weenie image.

As a groupie, I think he is representing them well.
I was referring to Mikey the Libtards over paid troll.
Obama's feckless bended knee foreign policy allowed isis to flourish & advance #IranDeal Obama gave nukes & BILLIONS terrorist
YOU'RE DUMB
Not sure if you realize the irony of your tweet. I’m assuming you also think Obama started the recession. Did Bush II even exist in your historical timeline? Hope you’re able to breathe in that bubble. #FactsAreHard
Poor fact challenged liberals ....ask the people in Iran they hate Obunghole
Your trip to Syria so you can find out more about crematoriums for the us seniors or is letting Ryan eliminate Medicare make u feel better
Rolls eyes.
And ...
Had a very good call last night with the President of China concerning the menace of North Korea....
God Bless you Mr President and thank you for keeping America safe and keeping our military strong.
You are quite right

It's time to push the establishment out of the government business and give it back to the people

You didn't vote for me b/c I'm successful. No it's b/c

Email Gate
Liar
…

Watch: Ginsburg Refers to Graham as One of 'the Women of the Senate' - Breitbart http://www.breitbart.com.ln.is/x0bw4 

Illegal immigration costs US $113b annually. Paying $15b for a wall is a great investment for... by #KarlKeicher 

BO 

Precious babies in the safety of their mothers womb! #pp https://twitter.com/billbong9059/status/851607228067061761 …

Every Child Deserves a Full and Meaningful Life. #ProLife is God's Choice! 

I'm so old I remember when Dems wanted to secure the border and deport criminal illegal aliens. What happened?  
You go Trump! You tell that President whos boss!
We love you Trump
And ....
I wish you the best Mr. President. Thank you for making America Great Again. God bless you and the United States of America.
So did China sold out NK?
Like most of us, the president of China believes you're a moron. Rex Tillerson spoke to him earlier.
So praying for you President Trump , may the Lord lead your every step. Bless you
: so this is what's happening after blaming China foe climate change issues.
When are you going to talk about the menace of having multiple covert foreign agents working for your campaign?
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/852134796436398086 …
I'm convinced Trump admin is a pyramid scheme in which each member recruits two russian spies & so forth #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
this tweet reminded me of an episode of peep show, spot on analysis
never saw it - is it on Hulu or Netflix - I'm looking for another good show to watch
Peep Show - Netflix
Thanks. I recognize the guy on the right from Little Britain & I recognize the guy on the left from something else...not sure what.
Sorry neither are from Little Britain had a show called 'That Mitchell & Webb Look ' u may of seen clips of that. Check out Peep show 
Sir digby chicken ceasar skits on mitchell & webb look are killer, also the "are we the baddies" skit
*Reads about N. Korea's coal ships being turned around and China threatening to bomb N. Korea...*

Well played, Mr. President. Well played!
That's it. Talk s*it about a guy who has nukes. Who's the bully again?
And your idea is what?
that line looks good, finally chinese big brother is starting to mellow...feeling GUILTY AND RESPONSIBLE..good job guys.
North Korea isn't even a paper tiger. They're more like a wet toilet paper tiger. "Menace" my ass, you babbling shitegibbon.
do you really know china is using north korea for better profit  from u.s.? dont be stupid, keep you promise.
YOU know what I want MR TRUMP THANKS GIVING IS SO MUCH BETTER THAN TAKING, ESPECIALLY MY WORDZ!!!!!!!
@realDonaldTrump why is it necessary to tweet everything you do as POTUS? Is nothing sacred?
yes yes yes
We're Not uneducated nor do we reside in the Ozark's as SNL feels the need to depict every week.We attended private Universities & have jobs
I feel confident you can work this out to be a win win
China recognizes America's strength and resolve to to end North Korea's nuclear threats of terrorism!

Make America Great Again!

#MAGA
Yes, yes. Threaten DPRK until they wave a stick at us, then bomb the shit out of them. Now you're a cuck hero. Great Donny. Good job.
You call it "a very good call". We call it "private lessons".
But who will deal with menace of usa ?!
@dixiefortrump Well done sir we knew you would be answered prayers thank you Mr President and your family
What did he have to say about the menace of the USA?!!
Xi?? Can't you remember his name? Stop tweeting and get busy!!!
Did you chat about the menace of the free world as well? Oh, probably, because you always want to talk about yourself. #ImpeachTrump
Did you threaten him again with the trade deal. For fucks sake you need to leave twitter before you set of WW3 with one of your inane tweets
111 no.of cruise missiles fires  needed to Pakistan unless they dismantle nuclear warheads and reside with peace.
Are you sure you don't mean Japan and Australia? You seem to get countries mixed up. #SyriaisnotIraq
Help us Felons have a chance at giving back to our community and country!
There has to be something wrong with tweeting foreign policy.Just like asking the Indian PM which selfie he likes best..#Worldgonemad
Vocabulary-try it some time.
:))))))
I saw you learned in 10 minutes it's "not so easy". Bravo! Learn about US poverty and climate change next.
And by "great" I mean I talked, ate cake, he ignored me, then explained to me like a 3 year old why it's not so easy.
Then I pouted.
Hen hao
You forgot to inform the Chinese President that you have labeled China a currency manipulator, or did you lie you would do so?
So many 
He is probably wondering WTH you are going to tweet next!!!
God, you are a thirteen year old.
Barron has a bigger sack than you. Not saying much.
You mean you bribed him with a trade deal, what is that costing the American people!?

Donald sir china is playing its card with you . And korea will distroy you
What is this, an episode of Scooby Doo?  North Korea is a soon to be nuclear power, not a medling man in a mask scaring children. #Unhinged
What about the donald menace?
And what did you and the President of China decide to do about it? 
Tell all!
Oh, and show us your tax returns.
#trumprussia
Can't believe a word you say.
@jciragorri  jc te quedaste con las ganas!!!
@Janorection trop serein le mec
You are so AFRAID of rachel maddow you are willing to go to war just to shut her up. #ChickenTrump
China thinks your a joke.
After your meeting he must be  convinced you are even crazier than Kim Jong Un and just as ignorant - #PrincessDonny
great

What is the menice of north korea? We need to stop and think of children in america being sold to sex slavery..usa menice
And dumb ass - since Subarmines travel under the water, they cannot carry aircraft. Ask one of your staff to explain this concept to you
Just bomb the shit out of N Korea. It's going to happen sooner or later.

China will not help you . I am Chinese I know my government well . They are only afraid the economic
Keep up the great Job President Trump
Only very good? Not great?
now they do not manipulate currently? so much 4 your Trade Policy.  They give you a good price on Trump Ties? Jobs at the import docks safe
Dam good move; keep them guessing
Consistent results, Mein Fuhrer! Every foreign leader who meets you leaves with the same thought: "I can 'play' this Useful Idiot."
Ok
Now he's telling you to behave!  Hmmmm, maybe he wasn't all that impressed with you.  Well, he'd better get in line.
Did you label them a currency manipulator?
Yes, he tauught you in 10 minutes what you could have learned yourself - you're his student & have no idea what the 9 key strategems are!
yeah but did they agree to retweet @carterjwm retweet challenge to get his @Wendys Nuggs? America would go wild for you
so, it's like he's USING A PROBLEM 2 SOLVE ANOTHER PROBLEM (April 12, 2017; 8:22 EDT) #TRUMP #NORTHKOREA #CHINA #FAIL
They need a taste of a tomahawk
Trump wish you would fall of the earth and leave the rest of the world with the ones who care and are educated. You SOB

You flip flopper. He gave you trademark rights and you bend over. Currency flopper and manipulator you called him and now you don't. Flip
     SIR President D.J.T 
fuck north korea with US military，not your mouth！
doing good dear President...
China is taking you for a ride and you are playing into their hands.
subtweet
You checking on your back ordered Chinese made t-RUMP clothes? America first EXCEPT where t-RUMP profits "R" concerned.
למה אתה מספר לנו את זה?
No one believes you @maddow @POTUS @billmaher
I also understand you can lead a horse to water but you cant make him drink. Have a great evening sir.


#RepealANDReplaceDonaldTrump #MakeUSAintelligentagain
There is no menace. For fucks sake! What have the done since the Korean war? Nothing
What exactly did you two talk?
Learn some tact before you throw troops into war over your words.
Who knew that the history between #China & #Korea  was so complicated! Thank G-d you figured it out for us!  #whosbetterthanyou
"IF" we can believe it!!
Oh ok
This comes barely days after a Chinese national was dragged off United Airlines flight. Hope you apologized for that too.
Did you clear it with President Kushner? He has a lot on hi plate? Don't worry go ahead and enjoy the Lynx (on tax payers tab)!
pyongyang skyline is a rocket with nuke device
川普老铁666，老厉害了！
You're extremely embarrassing to our nation.
He thinks you're bonkers!  He's right!
What was the menace? You?
Did he give you some more 2nd grade information about China and North Korea relations so you would understand?
VERY
Get that tubby mushroom headed menace!
Is there a war in a pip line
We make sure the Chinese do not support N. Korea with financial and material support. I cannot imagine NK having the technology for rockets!
Just remember this tweet when you deny ever talking to him like you did with Putin
