Wow
Are you trying to convince us that we should "destroy North Korea"?
I guarantee that Otto's parents would not want you to destroy an entire country.
Innocent civilians who are brainwashed don't deserve to die because their leader is crazy!
And no I'm not talking about Trump supporters...
RETWEET if you think Twitter should ban Trump for inciting violence!
If he were doing a great job....if he were a decent human being....if he were even trying.....it would be a different story.  Trump began his campaign filled with hate - that's what all you Trumpers bought into.  So you can stop with all your fake sanctimonious crap.
Build the wall too many of them over here too much Spanish
.
#WorstPresidentEver
And he's just one of many! A whole nation held captive be evil men.
He is in a much better place now.
Whenever I see him in the news. I think of my daughter is in heaven.  She died of leukemia at 35. I pray for Warmbier’s parents and family and pray he meets my Michelle cause her and Jesus will give him all the love he truly deserves.
Very sad! However, he did something that in that country will get you killed! That said, you’re torturing the American people daily! Resign!
They need to pay for their crimes
He didn't even do anything wrong
Here’s a thought. We vaporize the country. Everything. What blows my mind is all the firepower we have ready and waiting to go he’s still talking shit to America. Stupid little Kim.
We have not forgotten. We will not forget
You only like vets that don’t get captured
#FixFakeNews IS NO INTELLIGENT PERSONS CHOICE FOR NEWS;its ENTERTAINMENT-YOU STILL NEED REAL NEWS TO BE PREZ SO YOU SHOULD QUIT IF TOO HARD.
TREASON
What is Trump doing to help free these three Americans in North Korea? - Sweden helping to negotiate release of three Americans being held hostage in North Korea #NorthKorea #FoxAndFriends #SundayMorning http://hill.cm/MPNpeFt 
SEND A BOMB WITH OTTO'S NAME ON IT.  TURN NOKO INTO A TOXIC CRATER.
I really feel for this family. Otto was a true hero.
So was McCain!

4 out of 5 Trump supporters don't know Puerto Rico is part of US. The 5th one is still trying to find Nambia on a map.
Ha. Unfortunately that is right!!
LOL
I don't understand why the corner is saying that this is a lie,that there was no signs of torture,but then why the hell did he die?
Propaganda.
Trust me, the torture of listening to the diarrhea that flows out your mouth every day is way more torturous
...horrifying & so very sad....can't even imagine the hell & the fear Otto endured ... Why didn't Obama get him out of there?!?!?
KJ-U had to keep some very evil military happy or they would kill him, while he pursues his real goal of making his people middle class.
I say destroy them bastards
How sad.
Instead of spending so much time tweeting u should be studying about the history of the world,  country by country and the leaders.
Thank you, Mr. President, for not instructing Otto Wambier's parents to keep silent as Obama did.
Can you shut the TV off and get to work? More than half of Puerto Rico doesn't have drinking water.
Yet you called McCain a loser and a coward.
Time to end "Little Rocket Man", what he did to Otto an example of what he does to his people. Kim Jung Un is a sick SOB (pardon my french)
What about Puerto Rico?
Very sad Mr President and ur quick to note that,I too feel sad but ur country murdered & tortured innocent civilians in the m.east Nd afghan
I also feel that all life regardless of race , creed Nd color stand equal before our Almighty,then why the biaise against Muslims?
Thank you for helping to bring this innocent young man home to be with his family.  How tragic this is and God bless his family.
Why are you always promoting fox? Shady. Also, it's sad what happened but as a rule we shouldn't go to other countries and break laws.
Everyone who stood with obama must be changed for his murder that alone would drain the swamp
I don't even know what to believe anymore,but I know this North Korea has only one goal and thats nuke America! So with that being said
I am shocked your interview with Fox went well. Crazy
Can we ask little Rocket Man to grow some balls and make his threats live, HIMSELF not hide behind his state propaganda agency?
What a disgrace that other pres have done nothing in the past. You are OUR President
Shocker.  We're tortured daily by the mindless dribble you spew out of your gutter daily.
Republican study committee members
Please help the people in North Korea!!! They are basically prisoners in their own country!
It is so sad what happened to Otto,  I think Rocket man should pay for what they did!
Just take out the leaders not innocent people that have been starved & brain washed!!!!
But you hate people who get captured & tortured, remember, to tell that to his parents.
Mr. President, why hasn't NK been labeled a State Sponsor of Terror???Shameful!!!
@realDonaldTrump didn't you call @SenJohnMcCain a "loser for being a POW?
They can vent and try to impose their noting on Twitter, but it only stirs up, and brings together the American people that much more!
Great interview Great job Great friend Great guy Great this Great that. Is your English vocabulary really that limited?
He was the architect of his own downfall D
who in hell would let your grown kid travel to Nork??
Make them pay!
Doesn't that make him a loser in your eyes?
Why are you watching crap propaganda every morning? They don't care about the truth or this country. All they care about is RATINGS.
Tortured like John McCain? Or not so much?
Your tv habits are troubling
200 hundred journalists died in the Vietnam war
always attacking them, jornos, are they not hero's? #Maga gets everything wrong #TakeTheKnee
#nincompotus #nincompotus #nincompotus #nincompotus #nincompotus #nincompotus #nincompotus #nincompotus #nincompotus #nincompotus
MAKE NORTH KOREA PAY!!!! OPERATION DO IT 4 OTTO!!!
Find a way to drop a dozen MOABs on them please. These clowns are begging for it.
Well if Rocket Man sets off a nuke on our land & ally's land.  You all think we should sit back & take it.  Come on people seriously?
I say strike first because he will if we don’t!
It was a real tragedy but appears that U are now using the incident to justify your own insane childish rants against NK.
I think we need to tune down the deep state Neocon agenda for war with DPRK. It's clear that's where this fear mothering is stemmed from.

Heart breaking
You have as little credibility as the govt of North Korea. Where is the evidence that Warmbier was tortured?
Like America has never tortured innocent people. You had your own detention centre for that.
Do you still prefer people who weren't captured?
This is the real fake news.  Your ignorance knows no bounds.

I didn’t think you liked people who were captured
Such a tragic story...
Trump BTW was left with a mess.  Hillary would have made everything in shambles.  That's when you would have said goodbye  America.
No doubt about it!!
#DOTARD
Yup & millions of people could die because ur an stupid person that shouldn't be a leader as ur incompetent
Such a very sad story but parents have to always be so thankful you brought their son home Than you Pres. Trump
Is that all you do is watch tv and tweet?
BTW great job "making deal" on repeal and replace lmao. You're a joke
That was enough for me to go to war with those monsters.
@melissabbb8
it was heatbreaking.
And yet, the Lib Left still defends the actions of the NoKo's tyrant leader as if he's righteous.  The Left better  wake up -- SOON!
Get rid of rocket man asap
Sooooo what you're saying is that punishing people for defying forced nationalism is wrong?  (I don't think he'll grasp it, folks)
We didn't vote in another deep state puppet who's going to drag us into another war. Stop the provocations. Stop the war games.
That's what dictatorships do.  You've advocated "knocking the hell outta" U.S. citizens YOU don't like & dictate to NFL like Trump Jong Un.
I saw his parents on Fox & Friends this morning. Heartbreaking.

How much of a #dotard is @realDonaldTrump ? RT to get more results!
So what are YOU going to do about it?
Emmett Till was an innocent little boy that was tortured and kill by injustice and inequality by the klan in America. 07/25/44--08/28/55
I saw them on @BrookeBCNN, what a horrible thing to have to go through.  Lest we forget the true evil of Kim Jong Un.
https://www.facebook.com/OccupyDemocrats/videos/1712997068793340/?hc_ref=ART0DgULn2dR4E5xbfifd0hQbErHeZPbEycCMFW9tUlhhiuKskZ6isnm7mM7SikJ12Q …
Whatever must be done, you know the American people are behind you mr. President! Only haters, terrorists, and unamericans won't stand with.
PUERTO RICO, U.S. VIRGINS.  MISFEASANCE! #IMPEACHTRUMP

Well if you nuke the people who live under the regime I guess they won't have to worry about it any more right?
John McCain was tortured beyond belief, too. Where is your empathy for a real American hero? #25the45th
I cryed all day didn't know this happens .
so sad for them...
2 things I never trust-@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends (Fake news)
Trump: If you had used a shred of diplomacy to secure Ottos release he may still be alive. Instead you provoke NK threatenin OUR safety.
He should have stayed home.
"Great"?? SAD, HORRIFIC, or the millions of other words you could have used..."great" is not one of them!! Get a dictionary & thesaurus!!!!
We need to take out that madman.
Who cares when people are stoning women??

#BuildTheWall #RepealObamacare
Thank you, Mr. President! Lets DESTROY the Evil NoKo Regime for GOOD!!!! The Captive People there DESERVE to be LIBERATED!!!
THINK FIRST
Time to take him out - N. Korea can become a big landing stripe.
Dotard!
Why didn't Obama and his administration do more to try to get that poor man released.
You couldn't have a great interview if you tried.  You are corrupt, unethical, unschooled and lacking essential knowledge to do your job.
IMPEACH
North Korea is a devil evil place thankful I live in beautiful America.  Can't imagine   the sorrow sufferd by otto's parents
Prove it.
N Korea is sickening. It's time for Kim to go
God rest his soul. He put the poster back on the wall and the nuts  of NK tortured him to death. Praying for his Parents. MAGA
Little ROCKET /brain man is cruel & sadistic. WE THE PEOPLE know he needs a good dose of his own policies.
You know who else tortures?  Your buddy Putin.
#TrumpLies
#TrumpRussia
#ImpeachTrump
#TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist
Stop looking for a reason to go to a unwanted war!!! Fucking help Puerto Rico!!!
But did he stand for the anthem?
respected international courts with jurisdiction, obtain massive judgments inncluding one for punitive damages and enforce and collect those
And you like people who were not captured, right?

What happened to Otto is a disgrace...North Korea obviously is directly responsible.
Rocket Man!
So so sad  N. Korea are terrorists
Have you met senator John McCain?
@POTUS @realDonaIdTrump Please....for the love of Christ....put down your phone and pay attention to REAL issues.
Turn off the TV, get off your ass, and do something for all the Americans in Puerto Rico.
Good job Pak Kil-yon, North Korea’s representative to the United Nations for requesting a meeting w/Yun that led to him coming home.
Reminder. @FoxNews Channel AKA the Trump News Channel. Creating FAKE NEWS to distract from the GROWING RUSSIAGATE SCANDAL & Trump's LIES!!
Nuke' em.
So sorry for Otto’s family. Took my breath away listening to them describe the moment they finally got to see their son. 
I thought you liked people who *weren't* captured?
If I was in a man I would cry
And you did nothing to rescue him.
All of your interviews with fox and friends are great. Have you tried any other networks?
Trump can you tell we the people about house bill 7 right to travel act and make it law pleas help we the people get back our rights
Those people are not allowed to speak against there government how are they at fault. Come on Mr. Ass have a heart.
Can @FoxNews  interview the family if Guantanamo prisoners too ???
Fox the station to abuse its women anchors, no wonder you like them so much
If only Obama was as quick as u, Sir.    May be, just may be, the outcome could have been different.
Great interview? How about Sad? Heartbreaking even? Great? Sheesh...
John Macain was also tortured in Vietnam but u said he wasn't a war hero 
So sad for them.
Cincinnati doctors said Warbier showed only signs of medical treatment. Where is your evidence to the contrary?
Get Kim Jong-un in a commando raid, and do unto him what his men did to Otto Warmbier. Simple.
If he'd been black, the story would be about a drunken thug who committed vandalism and theft.
And you've done WHAT??? NOTHING!
