Viewing fire devastation in Santa Rosa, CA neighborhood w/ @Cal_OES @CAL_FIRE and @femaregion9 
Still winning! And the libs are losing their collective fucking minds! Grab some popcorn !!
20 days.That's how long before u acknowledged the fires here in CA.We r in the same boat as Puerto Rico ie the president doesn't give a shit
President Trump PLEASE do no allow Govneror Brown to hand the money out to help people. He will use it for sanctuary city.
@realDonaldTrump 
Like I said
Have those harm signup to a particular list
Once approved & authenticated
Pay direct
Mr. Brock u & ur team r outstanding you have gone from one devastating natural disaster in TX FL PR & now CA your all amazing
NOW? Are the golf courses closed?
There are way more teams out there too, i love fema they do alot but what about the volunteer teams! They deserve so much credit too
It’s unfortunate that Kalipornistan has declared themselves an independent sovereign sanctuary to criminals. So sad no federal dollars!!!!
Alrdy traumatized by yr mean/corrupt regime..then fires happened. U r ruining our peaceful/progressing Cntry.
Finally you say something about the California wildfires....Took you forever.
Too little, too late! What a jack-ass!
Zixz7zzx8zxI Iizix8zzzz8xx
Ms. Z8C87zz8zx8xDs
d.dZz8778z77 x77zzaze
D
c. ..ex. f..me.dse.

.77,7xx77x787zi7787,877 7zx77778
ImmW78th 7,
but 777777,zazzzAZ7
Hire me : https://goo.gl/WuzNW6 
my portfolio:http://rtahmin.com 
I BET IT IS ALL WHITE NEIGHBOR HOOD!
God bless America and South Korea
Our hearts are with all affected by the wildfires in California. God bless our brave First Responders and @FEMA team. We support you!
Finally, what took you so long, oh yeah, golfing, Tweeting,
What a great President. Two terms for you, Donald.

Without the millions of illegal votes she received, Hillary would have lost California to President Trump! #VoterIDNow!
Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence.
It's about time you took time out from golfing at taxpayers' expense to acknowledge the fires and deaths in California. You are unfit.
Took you weeks. You’re too busy with hillary and obama bashing. Unfit. Unfit. Sick sick liddle man
You must have seen somewhere that you h ent said anything about CA.
You have a heart?
You are always a day late and a dollar short.
Yes I agree I'm really anyone who sacrifices their lives for the country.

Oh, they're all white..
Yeah thank God for them becuz u forgot the world doesn't revolve arnd u They however r real and took care of things while u acted childish
So, Donny, you finally heard? #TrumpIsVerySlow
Moran portly what are you gonna do about Sessions lying?
Your heart is gathering dust in the back of a closet in a hotel room where you forgot it YEARS ago. #MAGA my ass.
Hey Don did you here about the wildfires in Sweden? Terrible. Awful.
After a three week delay....
What took you so long?  I bet if California actually voted for you, you would have been a lot quicker with this.
Trump@was to busy playing golf and tweeting about the NFL. SAD biggest A$$ ever elected POTUS.
Someone finally tell you California is one of the states?

Isn’t that a fact! @realDonaldTrump  worthless fucking piece of shit
Gonna leave them there for a week or two and pull them out, or do white people get different disaster relief? #ImpeachTrump

You're a couple weeks late
This is part of the U.N.'s Agenda 21. Burn areas to move people out is easier than asking or going to court.  CA. Is a AGENDA 21 state
but only for 3 weeks then you are on your own California! #whatsgoodforPRisgoodforCAright ?

It took you a couple weeks to respond to this tragedy -- it took you two weeks to say anything about the deaths of the soldiers in Niger ,,,
It took you 10 days to react to the Puerto Rico situation -- you don't give a damn about people and then you lie about it ...
Finally getting around to  it........unbelievable!
@FEMA_Brock @Cal_OES @CAL_FIRE @femaregion9 @CalOES_Dir @BobatFEMA 
We are with you too
No mention of the Dead Citizens of California (you made those Comments to the Widow of fallen soldier)
If u really cared u would stop whining about the NFL. We all know u don't care about CA because we call u in your lies.
Thanks for noticing, what with all the attention you're paying to Puerto Rico
Months later!!! Duhh!!
Weeks later you care? Where have you been?
How many times did you golf before tweeting about these fires
Show me proof he went golfing
Proof.
Ok what date show me

Even the Devil calls His name.
U mean that same FEMA team who STILL haven’t released reqd resources to our fellow Americans in #PuertoRico? 83% w/o power. 31% w/o water.
1/ Ur not very well educated, r u? Try opening a book. Learn about the Jones Act and the 100+ year screwing that American policy did to PR.
That’s called pivoting, and a really bad job at it. The subject was PR recovery after #HurricaneMaria. Wakey wakey, #dotard
liberals= never to be elected again #UraniumOne whooo hoooo your all going down
Okay, I finally get it. I’m dealing with a 12yo. Do your homework, have your milk and cookies and go to bed, Junior.
LOL Margaret Thatcher once said "when Libs attack you personally its because they have nothing else" #hillaryforprison #UraniumOneScandal
suppot you
Major wildfires have been burning in California since July and flooding before that.  This is your first mention of the problems.
Is it anything to do with how they voted in the election?

HELLO?????? Where the hell has the POTUS been?  That's a rhetorical question.  Of course there is a golf club and talk of the NFL.
Whose hearts? Certainly not yours.  Thank you @fema
Again, a little slow on the draw there cubby.  You really suck at trying to play President. Loser!
Took you long enough.  Btw, you have a heart? Who knew?
Ridiculously late just like the deaths in Niger. Doesn't ANYONE give you advice on what to tweet and when to tweet it?
You finally said something because you was CALLED out on it
10 days too late. You must be very busy.
Too late mf. Too freaking late.
Wow only 1.5 weeks later
Jacque Fresco - Questions, Participation, and Stating The Problem - 2011-08-07
21 days and counting ......
Your empty heart means a lot to us....
Meanwhile, #Trump and #DeplorableParty are reckless #Anthropocene #ClimateChange deniers, bought and bribed by fossil fuel industry. SAD!
Too late. U took too fkn long with this. Why? Cuz u waste time tweeting on bullshit that’s why. How old are you?? 12????!!!! #EyeRoll
Wow- so you subscribe to the "Better late than never?" protocol? Nice try.
He thinks only white people live there. Don't tell him, or he'll throw paper towels.
How many damn days did it take you to mention the fires???
What about those effected?
You finally noticed this?
But you don’t have a heart, so another lie.
Kind of late to send your  plus we know you don’t have one.
I really didn’t want to say this because California hates me and I am a spiteful, petty little man - but Kelly said I had to do it.
Finally!!!!!  Way over due!
DO NOT SEND MONEY TO CA GOVERNMENT.  CUT THE OFF.  THEY VIOLATE FEDERAL LAWS.
Did you think thus was fake news?   We're you waiting for facts?  We're you busy handling Puerto Rico?  Taking not of kneeling NFL players?
GOD BLESS YOU AND KEEP YOU FIRST RESPONDERS SAFE!!!
With respect Mr #Trump where was this appearance of empathy, support when Puerto Rico needed (and still needs) help to recover?
No you don't.
Took 2 weeks to acknowledge & still u did NOTHING! People in PR r still desperate, u insult GS families, and u managed to golf 6 times! FU!!
Words alone don’t help the people who are being affected by this, actions are what is needed.
It's about time!!
Platitudes, but better than the lies, vitriol and inflammatory statements which have become the norm. We all know why you haven't visited.
BUT THANK YOU @FEMA AND CAL FIRE AND EVERYONE ON THE GROUND i wish i could hug every fucking fire fighter here. thank you. we love you.
Shut up. Is Puerto Rico no longer worth talking about to you?
About time
YOU HAVE NO HEART YOUR ARE JUST A F ING CREEP
Just getting around to this?  sure... believe every lie you tell.  #fakeempathy
Wow - only took you three weeks to formulate that pathetic response.  What's next - throwing water bottles to the survivors???
Don't associate yourself with people that actually have hearts!

More than 300 people were killed by a truck bomb in Mogadishu on Saturday. President Trump never called Somalia's president to express condolences, never tweeted or spoke publicly about the attack.
It only took you two weeks to say something. It must burn like a wildfire to acknowledge a state that despises you.
ITS ABOUT DAMNED TIME!
OMG you noticed!
Support would have been nice in terms of A PRESIDENTIAL VISIT!!! I have fantasies of shredding my early ballots in the future!
What about Montana??!!!!!
you have no empathy for anyone and we know it
About time you acknowledged California..smh #WorstPresidentEver
That was nice.
OH HEY YOU FINALLY SAID SOMETHING.
CA not Puerto Rico need your heart. They need basic concrete help....
I’m curious,,,, has GOV. Moonbeam visited the fire area, ormstill in Sac signing socialist whackadoodle bills.
Word of the fires just reach the golf course? Too little too late.
Oh no tweeter beef chief please don't tweet about my state you're the devil and terrible things happen to everything you speak about!
How about some federal funds?
It took you a week to notice the catastrophe in California.  You and Ben are doing a hell of a poor job in Costa Rica.

Too little, and much too late.
HOW LONG has this been happening, and this is the first mention of it? Wow
thank You POTUS support you as well and I am praying for you thank you for all you are doing in the face of all the hate and lies <3
Really? It's not hate it's reality. Face it. This guy is heartless and soulless.Are you stupid?
Now u care?
Wow. It's only taken you a whole week to get your head out of your ass and notice. #GolfClap
Too little, too late. Is it because we're a blue state? Don't worry, we're taking care of our own like we always will.
Same as Puerto Rico.
Thank you Sir for your fast action and follow up.
Yes, you are too chicken to come view us in person.  We all hate you.
1st comment after dozens of deaths, thousands of destroyed homes. Waited until you need distraction from recent flubs with military fams.
Maybe you should send more people to #PuertoRico
After how many weeks. Glad you could stop golfing and worrying about the nfl to tweet about this
Took you long enough. Dink.
#youdidntknowwhatyousignedupfo
Prayers.
How is your heart being sent, snail mail when it's eventually found? What good is such a statement, as useless as your PR visit photo op!
What took you so long? Did you just hear about this? Maybe you should watch something besides Fox and Friends for your daily briefings.
FINALLY.
FINALLY.
FINALLY.
42 deaths... 42!! Yet this is the first time u've said anything! And stop with the God bless BS appeasing ur Christian right puppeteers!!!
You know, those who've got u by the short and curlies doing their bidding. U are their useful idiot after all!
Finally.
@WhiteHouse @fema @FEMA_Brock @Cal_OES why is the Donald always a #daylate & #adollarshort
Took you long enough
Don't forget the prison slave labor!
California NEEDS Trump!!!!
Thanks bro
Finally tweeting about some real shit
OMG .... dude, it's been 6 days.  Did you just hear?????
excuse me, 10 days.
Did they just report this on Fox News? Sad you have access to so much intelligence and no one tells you what's happening in our country.
How many weeks did it take you to notice fires in California, Mr.Illegitimate, phony, fake Russian-pawn, bone spur prezi DENT?
Very sad
As a person that is from here i say sincerely to you, kiss my ass.  Citizens ran door to door waking people at 1:am to save countless lives.
Don't pray and tweet. Do something
Oh thanks...cause blessings really help my hometown that was on fire.....NOT. we need real help!!! Not just my town but everywhere in Cali!
Your craven insincerity makes me sick. CA has burned for weeks, people dying: you golf. You are no president. You are no human being. Phony.
Yes
How many days did it take you to notice the fires???
no you made it worse
Wow acknowledgment
Now is when you pronounced to those victims. I guest your AGENDA follows same procedures
DJT thanks for acknowledging the horrific wildfires in California MERE WEEKS after they began resulting in death and destruction! Too late!
You have a hard time caring about people who didn't - or can't - vote for you, don t you? California, Puerto Rico. I see a trend.
the good news is many will be forced to move to FL where they can vote against him and his party.
Took you long enough, Tiny Hands
@FEMA_Brock @Cal_OES   if ur heart is affected by this why R u sending weapons to Iraq to kill us ur such a lier
took u long enough
Wouldn’t it be amazing of the Loser Late-to-the-Game POTU shared some words of comfort for those that lost everything? But no. #stonecold
For someone who is supposed to be a solid Christian Bishop, you sure are spewing a lot of hate and animosity!!
Did Hope write that?
We are so sorry for all the devestation with Hurricanes & now fires! May you recover quickly! Better days are coming for us all!!
A firefighter died today while fighting these fires. How long before we can expect a statement from you, Fuckmuffin?
When did you realize California is on fire? Spend less time on tweeter and watching FOX news and start paying attention to the country
Where are the Russian sanctions?  They were due to be enforced Oct 1. Don't want to piss off your BFF Putin?
TOO LIDDLE TOO LATE MEIN FUHRER
