I look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this Memorial Day at Arlington National Cemetery late...
.................m.
You did such a good and heartfelt job!
It's a way to go. Let's remembrance.
Why is he sucking up to the military?  He's always felt he knows more about war than the generals.
Mr. President...you need N.Gingrich, P. Buchanan & talk to R.Stone..their Gov't process expertise is what can & will help you. If we don't get OUR people in all open jobs 5-6 deep, "o" holdovers are hell bent on impeachment @ the least..please inquire of R.S. on cleaning houses
I quote: "I look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this Memorial Day at Arlington National Cemetery
And acting like an obnoxious toad at the ceremony.
“Thank you for sacrificing yourselves so that we can pursue American Hegemony. Controlled Demolitions on 9/ll. It was part of our ME plan.
you don't even respect women?
I'm glad your bone spur didn't act up and keep you from deploying to Arlington National Cemetery...
Do not live up to the trust of party and state. Continue making trouble to USA.
Pay your respects by ceasing to breathe.
should have paid your respects by serving. but ya didn't. 'cause you're a yellow bellied coward.
THE ANTI-CHRIST ISN'T SUPPOSED TO WALK ON SACRED GROUND.
@MichaelCohen212 #DRAFTDODGER #LIARINCHIEF #NOTFORMUCHLONGER #LOSER
@MichaelCohen212
Cant wait for you to visit the uk. We would prefer you to mayor khan any day.
fannies,,dead ones
How were those 5 deferments Donny?
Hi
I'm sure they appreciate that coming from a man who avoided going to war over bone spurs .... they appreciate your courage
Will there be live covfefe?
You don't deserve to be in the midst of our brave, alive or dead.
And look what you did. You started singing along during a moment of silence and pure respect.
Tell them you just returned from the Middle East
braver than you ya draft dodger
By making an ass of yourself?
You were a draft dodger. You blame your military mistakes on generals. You have no honor. No integrity.
They (we) don't want you there.
@vishal_devariya hai
Your cheering group that you bring w you is getting old.
Didnt you go golfing instead?
didn't you get like 5 deferments so you didn't have to go to Vietnam and actually serve our country
Draft Dodger Donald with the small hands!
God bless Donald Trump!
Praying for London!
our family and church family are praying for you ... thank you for your sacrifices and family's sacrifices in serving us
Ur such a hypocrite
Even the ones you said were weak because they suffered from PTSD?  That is just so nice!
Learn The words to the Star-Spangled Banner! You're an embarrassment
your speech was flawless. I hope one day to visit Arlington. Hopefully soon I will find a new job and make it there!
Bravery is something u don't have. U and sons dodged the draft.  All talk.
Whoa. A non sexist tweet.
#DraftDodgingDonald
liar
You are not worthy, draft dodger
They are embarrassed by you. No one respects you.
Is collaborative.
No you didn't. You sang
I hope those brave men and women did not roll over in their graves with a "dodger" laying a wreath. Did you wear "your" Purple Heart?
President Bannon please make Trump take a nap
you have carrot skin and your hair is a mop RT pls
You don't know the meaning of respect

block me please
stupido Trump sorry but i`m is speaking a littel you stupido ! I hope. your have nao childrens and famelie ! You si a man to morto the World
You don't deserve to be anywhere in their presence!!
A draft dodger paying his respects to brave men and women?
Almost Funny A Draft Dodger paying respects to those who gave their lives... LOSER
Who told you that?  I am sure you did not know what it was for.
Thank you for honoring the fallen. I may not like you but I can appreciate the fact that you paid respects to those who died in service.
The brave men and women deserve so much better than you, you jerkwad. #resist #impeachTrump
Our soldiers love you Mr Trump President.  The devil (whoppie,alsharp,cnn fools,and others)will try to beat you.  You already won!!!
Great as u blinding do things to get more of us killed and u ran from service like a coward
滚犊子

Ziplok - Donald Trump for United States President - Vote for Donald Trump https://youtu.be/mJ74YdyuYHg  via @YouTube @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Why didn't you serve?  Because you had a boo boo on your foot?  Poor baby!  You could care less about our young people in the service.
Someone had to fight. It sure wasn't you.
I will especially be paying my respects this Memorial Day to the first and 82nd artillery we lost many good men! Many more all the  branches
Thank Mr President!! A Military mom of 4! Army, Marines, Navy and Air Force! 3 pilots
How's the bone spur u draft dodger
U insult our men and women in military dirty Donnie
Draft dodger.
And I will sing the national anthem I know NOT by heart. After all I'm a moron w/bags of money from God only knows where.
Idiot
U r not. Liar. U just care abt money/only YOURSELF, Demon Nazi Dictator!I hope u get assassinated like Astrologers say! Delete ur account!
From the 5-6 time draft dodger! No Thanks! #NotMyPresident
Always be angry and do not smile to the Arab countries that Arabs do not deserve a smile
after I'm done throwing a hissy fit about "fake news"... #IABIGBOY
Even though you are cutting funding for military families? Sad! Pathetic! Such a low energy corrupt chump.
How about making a tweet about those brave people rather than making it about you?
why not help their children by acknowledging climate change?
How are the feet?
As you guys take $$$ from them , way to go, worst president ever!!!
Beacharselikkrr
Thoughts and prayers, I'll bet. You might be able to fake some prayers, but thoughts? Please...
I'm sure America's brave dead, who literally gave their all, feel better to have a draft dodging coward remembering them.
Not very inspiring from a draft dodger
You mean the brave men & women who died so you didn't have to serve because of your awful bone spurs? Go pound sand at Mar-a-lago!
So disrespectful by attempting to sign the National anthem to which you do not even know the words - SHAME ON YOU!
Why didn't you stand still and show respect?
Nothing better than a sign along ceremony!
YOU ARE NOT WORTHY TO WALK ON SUCH SACRED GROUND. THESE MEN DIED FOR WHAT YOU ARE DESTROYING.....THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA!
GOD BLESS EVERYTHING YOU DO!
And yet we've lost 3 Navy Seals since you've taken office you don't give two shits about your service people!!
#ParisAccord it's about the future for your kids & grandkids
Press 'f'
Every veteran I knew was rolling in his grave during your disrespectful, hypocritical rally. #DraftDodger #MyPersonalVietnam
you are a draft dodger, and you like live soldiers not dead ones...just like being a POW, you don't like people who were captured, liar
And then your family plans to toast each other with champagne Popsicles a la Ivanka? Always so inappropriate.
Wow. I'm sure the dead can't wait for your scowling orange face to embarrass them.
I am sure our fallen heroes are touched by the visit of a yellow bellied draft dodger.
انت رجل شجاع
And you did that how ?  By doing a karaoke?  It was excruciating to watch
If by respects you mean an awkward dance party with Zero military etiquette.
How many Trump's served?
God bless you for bringing morality and Christian valve once lost to USA
Why didn't you serve in the military??
Pay your respects by resigning. You owe to the people of this country.
Memorial Day is for fallen soldiers, not pussy babies who couldn't fight because their feet hurt.
This Memorial Day I wonder if the man who had to take Trumps place in Vietnam(after he dodged the draft) is among those who gave everything?
Tinnitus Awareness Moment
Mr President:
May offer a piece of advice, dont talk to the press or give interviews. Those idiots will misquote and try to slam you.
Ooops, it should be "May I offer a ..."
We love you and your family, Mr President. We appreciate all your efforts on our behalf.  jeff
Respect for women- that's funny
The defenders of MY freedoms VOMITED seeing disgusting-YOU near their graves.
UR 100% Putin Puppet.
you disrespect them with your presence
you don't have an iota of respect in your body
You disgraced the memory of every soldier that paid the ultimate price.  swaying to the national anthem and mouthing the wrong words.  Ugh!!
I can't help but wonder what the fallen would think about your spurning our allies that they fought along side with.
"I look forward to paying" are not words one often hears coming from Donald Trump.
Is that really something you look forward to? That's kinda fucked up bro.
Don't #murder us!
You have no respect to give
You're a draft dodger.

read staight off a prompter. u r getting so much bad press, because 70% of USA hates you man, give it up. You think all this is for nothing?
You might try just PAYING them what they're worth - during and after their service.
