Says Silicone Sally .  Disgusting mouth. I would say act like a lady, but way too late for that.  You're hit
I could care less about your boobs..one doesn't need to be observant to see you are attention seeking & a very foul mouthed Lib. Trump ROCKS
No, I never voted for Obama.
We've got to get rid of the RINO's! Need to repeal ACA & pass tax reform! Those are what effect me directly.  Otherwise great job so far!
Excellent job! Now imagine what could have been accomplished without pathetic resistance from Congress!
Mr. Trump then maybe you should be letting the rest of the United States and other countries know what actually we have achieved to date
We the people that voted for you expected change not a child behaving like a spoiled brat not somebody tormenting allies and making threats
The USA does not and will not tolerate threats to this country or it's allies. We are standing tall as the we once did.
We believe you President Trump, you've done an amazing job!!!
@POTUS ~A work week is Monday thru Friday= it's been ONLY 135 days~what you've done is beyond incredible~THANK YOU
#GodBlessTheUSA 
He Hasn't done anything!?!? What are you talking about? He is a Bad person and a horrible president
Tell ALL your 13 followers.  Go to bed the adults are talking.
please, FOX news poll had you in the low 30s.  All you blowing out is wishful think.  You're a failure.
After 200 days, rarely has any Administration achieved what we have achieved..not even close! Don't believe the Fake New...
I don't understand you people. Please be more Presidential? Why can't the man be President and have fun with it. It's the 21st century, and it's about time someone started changing the "Presidential way" I say good job Mr President, and keep on keeping is safe...
Thanks President Trump! Keep up the good work! God bless
And by "Fake news suppression polls," we mean Donald Trump and his nutjob administration.  They are nothing but liars!
This cant be trump saying theses stupid things. Hes an idiot but this is to much. This admin. hasnt hardly done anything except cause chaos.
Exactly. Don't believe anything that says Trump has ever done anything bad ever.
Exactly what have you passed?? Exactly what have you done? Nothing, you f'king failure
Beam me up....
If you mean by achieving to screw over as many Americans as possible, then yes. You're completely correct
I need a LAUGH button!
It is amazing how ineffective you have been.
Don't forget to resign.
No Administration has done as shity a job as you have. That's true you are the absolute worst president in American history.

You are plainly delusional! @FUtrump

You're right. Rarely ever has a administration achieved this level of complete and utter incompetence and blatant treason and espionage. 
Still no response right I'm absolutely not going to stop you should get your butt down here to Southern California.
I have to agree!  No admin has ever done such a horrible job.  You must be very proud.
such as...
Trump you have lost all sense of reality. You are the worst, least effective and most hated POTUS ever. #wakeup #resign #getmentalhealthhelp
Liar.
You are the worst president ever during my lifetime
Who would have thought nothing was so hard to achieve. Hopefully we all live long enough to see day 300. Planet of the apes has begun.
Please resign. Please. Please. Please.
Best handicap of any 200 day old president.
Trump gets two briefings a day loaded with positive press about himself. According to Johnston's biography he did the same in his business.
If you would just stop lying , that would be a big help, Sir.
YOU ARE BEYOND DELUSIONAL!  Look up "narcissist" in the dictionary.  Your picture will be there!
Keep up the great work
Achievements? No Administration has ever been this inept, corrupt, & reality-challenged. #IRememberWhenYouHadTo have a clue to be President.
Hey, POTUS: two of your "red lines" are about to get crossed (Mueller and North Korea) - can you play hopscotch?
HAHAHA Name one thing. The proof is in your actions. No one let you do anything and M. McConnell just threw you under the bus.
"Fake news Media & GOP
Is that all you got?"

GO TRUMP!

USA got your back!

Make America Great Again
Actually, fewer and fewer Americans stand with the gilded turd @realDonaldTrump
Face reality Sparkie. U&ur #TrumpCrimeFamily  are being investigated by #Mueller & NYAG. U have "achieved" nothing but will lose everything!
No one is going2 give u credit4 things u DIDN'T do. Now the things u DID do, like conspiracy and $ laundering4 RU - we'll give u full credit
Five words I never tire of reading:

"I voted for you, but..."

Your base is deserting you and soon there will be no one but you. Lonely you
I don't agree with him tweeting all the time, but i still support him.
donald, the only fake news comes out of your mouth.
You're right. You're such a pathetic failure that no administration has matched your bumbling.
In 200 days, you have done precisely N-O-T-H-I-N-G. You are the biggest failure this country has ever witnessed or will ever witness #RESIGN
dropped our debt 4 trillion,brought back and got factories opened,1 million jobs deported ,tons of illegals got rid of tons of bozos EO's
Preach it, Sister. The left hates to hear of Trump's accomplishments.
I'm still waiting to hear one!
Lots of accomplishments in just a few months. Ignoring them doesn't make them go away.
Just one.
No, you. You just cannot be that stupid.
You have certainly accomplished a lot. Nobody can deny the sheer volume of tweets, threats, harassment. The destruction of alliances too.
What about rounds of golf ?  Hours of watching cable news daily.
I only had 8 characters left.
Only suckers believe @nytimes Fake News Suppression Polls.
Sometimes it's best though that suckers learn from the school of #HardKnocks.
Just because you don't like what the truth is, doesn't make it fake news. The only thing fake is the current man child in chief.
Yes you're right. No other administration has turned the whole world against the WH. Not even George W Bush. #trump is a laughing stock.
I actually RESPECT Dubbya now BECAUSE it gets so much worse!
So do I after seeing several documentaries on Dubya made after 911.
Only a Republican could get a gun that deadly.
What exactly have you achieved?
Utter failure is still an achivement.
And maybe if these Sissy left-wing uneducated Democratic Party stop their games and get on board head really make America great.
Like . . . destroying healthcare or using YOUR money to build a wall??? I like the way you used the word "uneducated" to describe liberals!!!X'D You're a funny guy Kevin!
President Trump you are doing a wonderful job. Don't listen to these Douschy looking #libtards who got participation trophies as kids. #MAGA
Most that can vote now grew up before that bull by the way. Oh! Guess you got THAT wrong too, huh?
Who you think is in Mueller's indictments? Bet @DonaldJTrumpJr is!
Manafort and/or Flynn. They stopped investigating Trump long ago. 

I have no idea if anyone else inside the campaign “colluded”.
Never stopped investigating Trump. If he did what reason who he have to call Spicer in? Bet they end up getting him for at least obstruction
We’ll see. I think you’re going to be disappointed. The obstruction is a pipe dream.
Yeah ok, we fire an FBI agent while conducting an investigation, done everything possible to get off track of it instead of cooperating. LOL
You’re not very bright. Firing Comey put the investigation in the hands of McCabe. And Comey acknowledged they weren’t investigating Trump.
At the time they weren't. But that doesn't mean they  weren't after that. Investigation 101 if it leads to you then you are.
I don’t think Trump is some bastion of morality. Common sense tells you there’s no way he’d be in the WH today if he personally colluded.
Great job sir, people are like babies getting a diaper change, keep up the good work!!
Sorry Mr President, that swamp you keep talking about is YOU!

there is now a HUGE disconnect btwn what leaders (in politics/biz) are seeing and reality.
Rarely does THAT end well. 
#read history books. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/894984126582972416 …

we now have pple that have a messed up 'cognitive' taking advantage other people who also have a meesed up 'cognitive'.
Mind as trash.
It IS true! No other president has failed so spectacularly THREE TIMES in such a short time! (Barring Muslims, Healthcare plan, and building a "beautiful" wall.) Pat yourself on the back sir! (Or better yet, ask Putin or Ivanka.)
Keep doing a good job. Haters are always going to hate.

"Racism is a blight on the human conscience. The idea that any people can be inferior to another, to the point where those who consider themselves superior define & treat the rest as subhuman, denies the humanity…
Your polls are tanking, N.KOREA has nuclear,  Afghanistan worse..  great job trump.
He's going to get our soldiers killed in Guam large American base there. Ass bat, get the straight jacket out!
Who's side are you on?
Not trumps! He's mentally ill sorry not sorry
He's not an American. How lovely to have a Brit cheering on N.Korea to bomb USA.
What a hater! Waste of good clean air
Time to block.  What a weirdo!
Thank you babydoll
46 you failed at the 100 and 200 day mark can you manage to fail at the 300 day mark as well? Your presidency has been marked by failure.
If you are so awesome- cite 5 new laws you have signed that benefit all Americans. No, repealing laws don't count and neither do ur lame EOs
If by "achieving" you mean continuing to alienate the Dem party, SURE you've achieved a lot. You continue to call my party enemies. Division
lie,lie lie all you do is lie lie lie lie - no legislation- no support - only your core crazies - resign traitor - or amendment 25 to prison
looser!!
like the unemployment rate?  the same number you called #fakenews during the campaign? sad, but funny....
Donald Trump, the first president to take the "us" out of the U.S.
I believe obama took the "us" out of the U.S. long before Trump was elected. Nice try though.
You've highhandedly caused civil and global unrest in that time the likes of which we haven't seen before. Is your daddy proud?
I read even joke news like Breitbart and Fox, & still looking for any meaningful POSITIVE accomplishments. Yes, you've managed to harm U.S.
faky president  faky donald   media great
Holy cow, more fan girl ranting. If there were really good things happening you wouldn't have to tweet about yourself all the time
Rare as fuck. Eagle rare. So rare it bleeds like a Megan Kelly
Look who is cooperating! Wonder if he started revealing mob connections and dealings since the 80's.. #TrumpRussia https://twitter.com/bpolitics/status/895658543701000192 …
LOL. are you totally deranged? OMG.
I would say NO administration is like 45's!   His brand of lunacy is as rare as an extinction level event.  Irony: he may precipitate one!!
so everyone should listen to a FAILING POTUS lie about easily verified facts? You have the mental capacity of a child.
You got that right.  But not in a good way.
You haven't done anything but divide this country
What have you done beside hit holes at the golf course?  Typical fox tho.  Trunpet fake news fake president fake human
Roger and Out!
Fake News!
you're right, if you're referring to the level of incompetence and fuckery in your administration.
Absolutely nothing? Yeah that's rare.
America knows what you have accomplished, we do not believe fake news,loyalty to the best President ever is our middle name!Prayers&blessing
Did u find all the bugs in the WH?  Remember Obama redid all the phones and computer systems b4 he left.  Do u really think it was innocent?
Hence more leaks than any other WH.  Likely the source
Is the fake news the news that you pay for to get anyone to say something good about you. Go dig a whole at the bottom of an ocean and die
@POTUS just think what you could have accomplished if the GOP led Senate & Congress would work with you&the fake media would stop the BS! 
@realDonaldTrump You've achieved nothing except further dividing the nation and mainstreaming white supremacists. Leftists will fight back
Stop bragging about the little you've done and climate change is very real and important
Read a history book. Like one that covers 2008 and 2009
Too bad for Trump that most insiders know that Bannon is in complete control of Trump, simply because Trump knows he controls Breidbart!

Thanking God everyday! And Thank you & your family sir!!! Huge HUGE PRICE being pd by u & yrs! God bless
Coming BIGLY from a FAKE President THIS IS RICH. Sad you are Donnie, so SAD
WOW! The achievements you have made. Signing executive orders. Oh so hard to do. Fake president.
#FireTrump
#delusional
Thank you Mr. President May God Bless you & yours always
It's tough to do nothing in 200 days but set the country back 10 years. Great job!
president* #heelspurs, you are delusional. Your "believers" need to #Evolve.
I wouldn't let you be responsible for sea monkeys. Your arrogance got you the Oval Office. Normal folks hoped you would be different. Shame
This thread is crawling with haters.  I  our @POTUS.
Mr. President - you speak and it's fake news.  Try the Truth.
Really???
Debra is a fake account!
Yeah, check the stock market, Donny.
Just because you say it doesn't make it true, a bigger lie has never been told
#NoRepeal #NoBan #NoTaxReform #NoAchievement #TreasonousTrump is a loser.
Yep, took only 200 days to take us back 120 years! #POSotus
The free press reports facts- not your distorted data.
Yes you're right, no POTUS has brought us to the brink of Nuclear War quite like @realDonaldTrump in such a short period of time!
YOU ARE A TRAITOR TO AMERICAN PEOPLE AND CRAZY
HAHAHAHAHA
33% approval rating.
Donny, you suck.
I don't recall any administration ever successfully transporting an entire country from 2017, back in time to the 1940's. Very impressive!
@realDonaldTrump you haven't come close to achieving  anything at all. Your lack of competence, integrity, & truthfulness carries no weight.
Whatever
Rarely has the world seen 200 consecutive days from any administration to have been MORE chaotic than our own Chito Benito's. Sad.
Where do I subscribe to the Fake News Suppression Polls? I do Nazi them anywhere
&p.
......
,     eoplelr
Grow up and Respect the office, sick of all everyone being so negative. It only bring the President down. Trust him, you'll see!
I used to take care of patients like you in psychiatry. Grandiose, delusional. We could generally help them with meds.
Now hes just clowning us! You think he's doing things to himself when he say stupid shit like that?
when draining swamp please include the Fed Rothschild type Family's made to forfeit all then jailed. There criminals. 911 BsBush jailed
The only Fake is the President.  In 200 days, how many were spent on the golf course. Not working hard; HARDLY WORKING. What have you done?
Liar.
Or maybe this is what they don't want you to know about what the democrats were up to They were kidnapping girls and making them sex slaves
What have you accomplished the anihlation of the US?
What in the hell have you achieved besides dividing this cou try to smitherings? Youneed help, you're fake as well as your words and title
Wow! You really are delirious!!! Seek professional help before its too late.
whenever you are told not to believe something, you should research what you are not to believe. 
jimrantz
Zilch! That's what you've all achieved. Are you all tired of winning yet?
Like, nothing?
nothing
You mean the fact you've got nothing done except cost the tax payers millions in travel expenses
If you mean achievements in screwing things up, you are correct sir!
Timing is perfect. Go after the culprit demos with a vengeance. Prosecute all of them at once. It will drive the demos nuts.
Thank God for Trump..... We have been way too long without a true leader!
Again with the lies
Best joke I've heard this week!
Lmao
We don't believe the media. FOX is now questionable. We have faith in you. Standing firm P Trump.
Close to....nothing?
Yeah. You're doing awesome.
You've achieved zilch even in your damned dream. Get life buddy.
You've achieved absolutely nothing. So you're right, no other administration has done what you have.
I want believe you either.
Based on your posts alone...you've achieved drama, chaos, division, and turned your own team against you.  You're right...you're a first!!
That's a true statement, because no other Administration had zero achievements after 200 days - not even close.
Yes ignore... Remember the fake election polls.  The media is 100% biased.  There is no way legitimate polls would be that upside down!
You're right. No other administration has had nearly the staggering amount of blundering failures, conflicts of interest, and scandals.
Because you have achieved nothing.
Blowhard!
