No one is Above the Law if they commit a Crime they should pay for it..

Isn't her old man in prison?
You know what belittles you even more is the fact that you refer to the president as Donald ,you don't even show him respect by not referring to him as President Trump.
there's gonna be a uproar if he not out of there and you starting it all.
You’re nuts, Lady!
@RealDoaldTrump -- Donald Trump is not above the law and the Constitution -- his family does not have immunity to prosecution and prison -- some judge you are ...
If there is evidence that any of his family committed a crime then justice must be served.  If Drumpf groupies want to cause a fuss then they also can be charged with crimes if they get out of hand.
I'm surprised you're still allowed to call Fox a news network. Do you ever actually report news? Have you ever?
The old over-operated hag is totally crazy.
Isn't she inciting activity?.....even though she has no clue as to who is guilty or not guilty.......Maybe she was indicting ham sandwiches....Was Ms. Thang drinking at 119mph?
#trumpshutdown
Hum "You can indict a ham sandwich" eh? 

Then how come @JudgeJeanine couldn't get an indictment on Robert Durst?
Wow she dumb  AF
She is no Judge Judy
The Maxine Waters statement, I see most trouble is "believe Trump will step down soon as all closes in on him and feint he is doing it to protect his son."
Oh well.
The uproar will smell like colostomy bags and be over before the early bird special at Cracker Barrell.
are you threatening the people of this country, should any member of Trump family be indicted for illegal actions?  #Criminal #AntiAmerican #GoneToFar #FoxStateNews
You people need to read Constitution and learn laws. #Impeach45 #TrumpRussia
LOL I have
I will be so glad when the referendum on the GOP happens your stupid asses will be out of a job. Oh, and I saved this so if anyone I know or love is injured or killed because of this you get sued.


@JudgeJeanine is a looney and obviously not been taking her meds again
LOL! and they say "liberals throw fits when they don't get their way" ?!?!  trump supporters are so fucking stupid it continues to blow my mind
Trump approval ratings are down and people are starting to realize that they were conned. Trump has a hardcore %33 approval. Not enough. He is a criminal and deserves justice.
Shame on you, shame on you, shame on you! How do you sleep at night?

So Fox & Friends is inciting violence now?  Wowza.
I think Jeanine (who was a judge) should think about this- if she is not willing to 1st consider the evidence or facts Presented by Mueller toward the indictment with an open mind ...then the rule of law and trust in our country is done - and her threat is the least of it
Your body language is clear. You cream like a hood rat every time you interview @realDonaldTrump. #SexualPredatorDonaldTrump #WashedUpPromQueen
Wow! I was finally able to see the video. Anyway this Jeanine woman is really twisted I watch part of her show once and had to shut it off because of how nutso she is. She should be charged with inciting a riot.
At a gun show in Texas 200 open carry gun lovers with Guns on back tucked tail & RAN when a sniper conveniently set his gun up & started shooting.
THEY ALL RAN
Not 1 gun owner even tried to save the day
STOP PUSHING PROPAGANDA BULL
ABOLISH FAKE FOX NOW!
Trump family is corrupt af and America will be celebrating when they're in prison.
There'll be a bigger uproar if the guilty *aren't* indicted due to your scare-mongering propaganda. You don't get to spend 12+ months shrieking, "LOCK HER UP!" with zero basis & then cry because actual criminals get caught breaking the law. #ImpeachTrump

Trump is a Ham Sandwich
RT @foxandfriends: .@JudgeJeanine: There will be an uproar in this country if they end up with an indictment against a T...
Pirro could use a little time in a "rest home". She's an arrogant nut job. Face lift must be too tight this time. Btw, Fox sucks, tio.
Disbar her already
However, let the truth be expose if there is one guess wat his supporters will be destroyed bottom line trash is trash disposal of it
It hurt your itty bitty feewins to be a LOSER to Hillary for the NYC senate seat.
There will be an uprising if cockroach in Chief is not indicted. Spare us your infantile bs.
She should be arrested for suggesting this and influencing the stupid to react.
What a piece of work she is...sorry Jeanine, you aren’t 45’s type...might as well save your effort. Maybe a hitache?
B. I. O. Y. A.!!
well there you go Ms judge... now my point to you would be how did the division Begin?
you foul  YUTZETTE!
What about lock her up? Hypocrites it was okay for Clinton but not Trump.
And if he gets away with cheating his way to the highest office, you are good with that?? If Collusion by anyone, team Captain needs to go!
you overestimate President Trump's popularity and underestimate the masses collective IQ.

Janine, thanks for stoking the fire. You may get what you want.
She is no longer a DA, ran for office & lost.  Husband in jail or at least convicted.  Suck a great reference. She is looking for attention
Uprisings? Civil Unrest? Disorder and violent protests?? OH NOS!    so you mean the bullshit the Left has been doing for the past 9 months
There's that loudmouthed drunk again. Maybe she shd kp her mouth shut when she's drunk, instead of sounding like she's encouraging violence.
Damn people are stupid
So they don't even care if he actually did something wrong?
@realDonaldTrump Mr. President, don't listen to the liberal wing of the GOP....what have they ever done for you? We have your back! End DACA
U think? Now it's time. Blk, hisp, Jew, gay police to stop and arrest every white that even spits. Stop white Christian and ask for papers!
Uproar doesn't describe it! We see Left as Communists taking down, taking over USA, destroying freedom. We'll fight: this IS the 2nd Amend!!
HE'S ALREADY created MANY "uproars" (August 4, 2017; 8:58 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #FAIL
reinforces how DELUSIONAL THEY are (August 4, 2017; 8:58 EDT) #FOXnewsus #FAIL
"THERE WILL BE an uproar???" (August 4, 2017; 8:58 EDT) #FOXnewsus #DONALDTRUMP #FAIL
I pray the President ADDS FOX IN-THE-FIX NEWS to the list of FAKE news now. They went HARD left.
pres trump.i loves http://ya.you  give me hope
I am so disappointed in fox... they r so left... i cant stand listening to eboni...tell me does she really believe the lies shes spewing
You are not kidding. And there should be.
Sad reporting.  Let the process move forward.  Let the American people hear the truth.  Our President has real trouble with the truth.
So...immunity & impunity for you @realDonaldTrump & the kids then?
What is illegal remains illegal.  That is the law.  It is not a biased opinion.
Come on with it! Who cares because they will be pounded into the ground and we will have the wall behind us. Donald has to go!
Do what you are saying is prosecutors (you) can bs your way through any situation with your alternative gacts
@foxandfriends @JudgeJeanine You're not on this grand jury; there is no way you can know whether there is probable cause for true bill.
That's right!have never seen anything like what has gone on after electionTrump?If anything happens to Trump ready to take our country backy
How about if it's to have justice done?
Losers @foxandfriends @JudgeJeanine
Everything I own its bat shaped, get with it.
Really Jeanine ? It will be an uproar of celebration ! We can't wait for all Trumps to go to jail
Yes an uproar of people celebrating!!!!
Chicago issuing ids to illegals. Will they b able to "vote" with those ids? Poll workers don't ask INS status at polls.
Dam skippy!
They're very well could be
''THERE WILL BE ALSO CIVIL WAR AGAINST #WeThePeople & ANTI-TRUMP BECAUSE ENOUGH IS ENOUGH. LET THIS MAN #MAGA WITHOUT THE INTERRUPTION!!
There will be no uproar against the Romanovs  .The Trump leadership has proven to be clueless, crooked and and appalling sense of truth.
An uproar of cheers.
Trump could run anytime and make it
valuable evaluation; yet how much is George Soros investing and therein also expecting
Yeah an uproar of laughter.
How about when they are indicted because they are allegedly guilty of something, not because of trying to get at Trump?
There will be an uproar when Trump and family are banished from our White House. It will mark moment America will be great again.
I agree! Tired of fake news and young bratty libs!
Its called Entrapment. Another Good Reason to Keep the TV OFF. Better yet- Lets see you Ran sack Mueller's House

There will be an uproar if we don't start seeing indictments of the criminals in this family.
Civil war!!! Lock n load folks.. Protect @Potus at all costs?
Heads Will Roll "But It Won't Be A Trump Or A Family Member, I Garentee This". Democratic Heads Will Roll "Watch"!!!
An uproar?  More like cheering!
No question about it! Not accepted !President Trump Will Prevail!Two hard years!! It's been disgraceful!POTUS Loves We the People!Fight 
MASSIVE UPROAR coming if there's NO indictments! #MoneyLaundering 󾓬 in real estate. #MagnitskyAct keeps them from their DIRTY MONEY!
At least 1 good judge on Fox Judge Nap became a turncoat
Nope. Thank you #WeakPresident
Tell Fox to get rid of shepherd Smith he is so anti Trump he had to vote for Hillary dump him
I think we need to talk with a legal eagle to find out if Fox & Friends and Jeanine could be charged with inciting violence.....
Stuff PC just punch his lights out and watch drop to the deck, the slime bag liberal looney
the only uprising would be parties  in the streets and another one when you get off tv.
Only our military has the way to stop a coup against Trump. Peasants out here in the field have pitchforks and torches in comparison.
Republicans inciting others to violence. We've seen that before, with tragic results....
As a basis of law that's not how it works your honor - a Grand Jury examines the validity of an accusation - Trump propaganda 
 
And yet we, The Resistance, is hoping/praying for those indictments. There are more of us then there are of them.
kinda hard for Trump to run for pres in 2002 isn't it?
Yes Jeanine, there'd be an uproar alright, of cheering!
WE love the judge
Hillary Got Away Scot Free Yet The Commie Left Wants To Impeach Trump, BULLSHIT!!!
We have been shit on by the left over 8 years now,
 WE ARE TIRED OF IT!!!
STOP SUCKING UP PIRRO trump/RUSSIA WON CLINTON LOST. NO NEED TO CONTINUE YOUR trump SUCK UP PARTY its sickening.
Umm, no there won't.  If (lol) they're guilty, you can all get new jumpsuits together.  Have fun.  Buh bye.
So Much for the Rule of LAW. So sad people want to entice people to violence .
Full of it as usual.
We the conservatives will become even more active and will be going after the Democrats and the fake news outlets.  Enough is enough.
So "Judge", if a Trump family member broke the law - are you saying DOJ should just let them have a pass? Why? are they 'above the law'?
She erks the hell out of me
And #TheResistance isn't an uproar?
not to get POTUS, to get a criminal. if they committed a crime, indict them. what uproar?
@realDonaldTrump @JudgeJeanine No, we will celebrate, and laugh at all of the ignorant people who voted for him.
No one Should go after his family to get it him! What kind of people are they in this country? No Scruples!!

The special counsel has assembled a team which has a vested interest in a certain outcome which favors the paymaster the corporations.
the leftist comments are laughable. such sore losers.'we the people' dealt with obummer for 8 years w/ dignity. the left has no self respect
All of this is making me sick & why is there no indictment against Hillary, Obama
Whatever wrongdoing they find, they should be charged with it. Jail time for the lot of them.
WE THE PEOPLE  chosen POTUS-corrupt D.C. Swamp - status quo -benefits them& special interest!workers  had ENOUGH!want USA ECON strong !
Nice leak
More like a revolution!! Going against the American people's vote is something worth fighting for!
I get it cause we know how to play womencard. @realDonaldTrump your son bought votes and a prostitute, illegally from Russia. Ask #PrezPutin
Yeah - the uproar will start in the RUSSIAN EMBASSY and quickly spread to the Kremlin. Commies all over the world will be really upset.



IF THIS HAPPENS THERE WILL BE CIVIL WAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Welp u want war u get war bring it. We need Trump out.
I'm sure we won't see it on fox. They talking about Hillary's emails and " if you like your dr, you can keep your Dr."
There will be an uproar if this country finds out if there was collusion.  Stay tuned.....
Judge Jeanine is so right, we will go after the swamp big time @potus @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MASA #TrumpTrain #DTS #LockHerUp #BuildTheWall

Indict Crooked Hilary....
How long can the ministry of truth support this Russian spy in an attempt to explain the crazy actions of our http://president.Fox =Hydra
The globalists live in a bubble and have no clue what the Super Majority of the American People are thinking...and it is NOT good for them.
An uproar? Like this ....?
I swear, if any of trumps family is indited in this Witch Hunt massive retalation no joke
Why did #Trump retweet this????
Grand juries are put into place due to EVIDENCE! They have the goods on trump/family members/administration who are all in cahoots.
If they broke the law they need to be indicted.  Because your lord and savior is president does not mean he or his family are above the law
Mark my words.... you Trumpets will regret up roaring when he is impeached. Your bark is much bigger than your bite 
It's not called an uproar, it will be called a celebration of truth, justice and the American way! No cavorting with the enemy!

There is a bigger uproar now because this man IS in office.
Bahahahaha
Michelle Obama is a man.  Even Joan Rivers said so.
How about if it is not "just to get at POTUS" but instead is simply to enforce federal criminal law?
But which federal criminal law(s)? 
Some are valid, some are not.
Obstruction of justice, lying to Congress, perjury, lying to FBI conducting investigation; then there might be RICO.
OOJ is overused. Lying go COTUS, you mean they hate the competition? Perjury . Lying to FBI is B.S.  RICO? 
I'm with you on the perjury.
Lots of things are over-used, but so long as they are on the books, they are crimes and they haven't been declared unconstitutional.
There is a certain: "Live the sword ... " logic to that approach.
