George Papadopoulos was arrested today!
No, he was arrested quite some time ago, pled guilty on October 3, and began cooperating with authorities. TICK TOCK @realDonaldTrump
I went back and attached my comment to a tRump #FakeNews tweet. Check tRumps time stamp.
go Russia go
Quit trying to legitimize Fox News. They practically swoon over your every word.
...about then candidate Trump." Catherine Herridge @FoxNews. So why doesn't Fake News report this? Witch Hunt! Purposely...
That's right President Trump phony reporting Fake News.

These tweets come one day after Manafort raid...in the middle of somewhat silence on Russia in the msm yet trump brings this up 
YOU ARE lying
Because you do a far better job spreading negative news about yourself. Trying to make DJT look bad?, nobody is as good at it as you.
Step 1-get blackmail on you. Step2-get you elected. Step 3-use said blackmail on you now that ur in office and can help the Russian agenda
U still on Russia? Ok. What Hillary and Ukraine? Didn't she sell them uranium? Oh and wasn't she n with the Saudis too? Clinton foundation?
My cat HUGHIE has more integrity than you do (and better hair).
I also think Hughie is so so cute!
Why thank you! He's a bastard but at least he's a cute bastard and much less destructive than Trump.
How can you say that? He only wants to entertain you or in the alternative keep your attention only on him. Like most guys
SUCK it up snowflakes D Trump is the Prez!


Pre school nonsense.  Smh.... go back to your parents basement Sara.... 2 year old
HOW CAN ONE look n a MIRROR and not b DISGUSTED with THEMSELVES. DO U NOT REALIZE that U,BREATHE, EAT,BLEED, LIKE EVERYONE ELSE. REALITY .
What are crying about now?  Your administration is stripping all integrity from the executive branch.
Donald, turn off the tv and do your job! #IdiotInChief
Nothing more negative than your very own words and actions.
So the Russians did try to influence the election?  The sanctions are are a minimum response.
WHAT DONALD J.TRUMP DID IS TURN THE APPLE CART UPSIDE DOWN WASHINGTON DC NEEDED KICK UP THE
BACKSIDE AMERICA WAS GOING BAD TO WORSE  NOT NOW
@POTUS @SenateGOP CRYBABY TRUMP MOMMY THEY ARE NOT PLAYING NICE WITH MEGIVE ME A BREAK COMRADE TRUMP
It's a lie. Otherwise, why so friendly with Putin, Don? Why would Don Jr meet with them if true? Wouldn’t that make them untrustworthy?
You'll be out in a relatively short time.
U r such a liar
Because it isn't true
Please resign.
76% of American voters & the whole world knows who propagates FAKE News, Fraud News: it is Fox! Morons Are Governing America! No witch hunt!
DJT , the US intelligence officials have concluded that YOU communicate #fakenews!  We aren't fooled by your propaganda #valuesmatter
If you're so butt-hurt about it, reenact the Fairness Doctrine for television news reporting. Force the news to air both sides equally.
Poor Donald...It's all about you and your precious ego.  Get a life and resign while you're at it.
#FailureFriday
Fake news from fake news agency.  Haha, priceless!
But Donnie, fake news IS reporting it!! Didn't you just say fox news reported it? Make up your mind boy.
Everytime you talk about yourself in the 3rd person WE know u r lying! You tiny snowflake, you are melting!
#resistance #notmypresident
You are a fake president.

If you saw it on Fox. Fake news did report it!
Because you keep doing other crazy things like your self-congratulatory speech to Boy Scouts which fill real news.
BULLSHIT
So the Russians did interfere, or they didn't? Make up your mind. #incompetentboob
Fake Fox?
Sorry, don't watch Faux News, what the hell are you babbling about like an excited teenage girl?
Go to church not the golf course Sunday. Your lack of faith is showing, it is obvious you do not walk with God, but rather you bathe in sin.

Put on your big boy pants and lead with dignity, not impulsive madness. Put down the phone! Say No to Twitter!
Ummmm... Nope.
The Russians targeted Hillary supporters and spread fake negative info about her. You were their guy.
#FailureFriday
Trumpo is the laughingstock of the world. A total joke. Needs to resign. He's a paranoid psycho.
If you were so sure of all the good you're doing why do you care? You love playing the victim! You love the attention! DISGUSTING!
I sympathize with witches. Board on the other (teeny) hand, not so much.
Loooooser kkkkkkk
Fake News did report it! Get your head out of President Bannon's butt.
Don't worry! They'll find the evidence and get you the hell out of office!
give us a break. Russia hurt me. That's why I'm president. Putin likes Hilary better. Dillusional toddler bully

*spreads ass* fuck me daddy
you would file lawsuits if you really believed this bullshit

you're a joke
And not true
Get over yourself, Fake President. You have hired a most vile person making your WH look vile and in chaos. You people are so out of there!
You entered into a deal with Russia now deal with the consequences.
The American people are much more interested in getting your TREASONOUS family out of our White House.
You are the one stirring the Cauldron, my dear.
More "winning" last night huh Mr President? Lmao.
.#RESIST the pathetic #FakePresident and his pathetic team. #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #LIARS #trumpetersLose

ART FOR THE RESISTANCE
RESIGN
Whatever
Real news reports the truth, @FoxNews reports what Donald Trump wants to hear

Last time i checked, common sense didn't require a college degree
Trump tries and fails to change subject. Trump going to prison for money laundering for Russians. Trump = traitor. Trump = evil. ROFLMAO!
Suuuuuuuuuuuuure
Do you and pence do any work or jut tweet your way through the day?
Please, for the love of god... Shut. Up. Already.
Please get Sessions to appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Democrat/Russian collusion. That job would be so easy, I could do it.
Fake News is reporting this Traitor
They do!! They report it all but it's not as big news as colluding to win!
The reason is because Fox News is the fake news.  Mind blowing stuff Don!
They don't mention you so that they can keep their high ratings.

Not FoxNews, don't you mean TrumpNews.  Fox is the FAKE NEWS channel.
And why are you ALWAYS watching TV?
Purposely phony reporting by FOX, condoned & pushed by Trump. How do you all live w/ yourselves?
The Koch brothers will not succeed!! Trust me people will fight back!!
Phony President!
It's not a witch hunt just because you say so.
They also had the RNC emails and didn't release them  Which helped me. Bigly. Bigly. Bigly. But just ignore it. God bless.
Fake candidate, fake potus
More like Bitch Hunt. And the target is the correct one.
Oh yes! Let's trust @FoxNews. Because they are sooo reliable with accurate information. They are about as reliable as you!!!
for you everything is a witchhunt. while you are the biggest twister of truth!
Candidate Trump said: Economy for first! No matter for me all the trash that came afterMy source is always sure: Potus!
Fake news = FAKE fuc*ing president
Fox is the fake news you orange failure!
Cause they all r highly paid liars & don't want 2 give up the $$$.  Money talks &BS walks. Dem media is the greediest.. It's 4 them, not USA
Ur son took the meeting. Both illegal and treasonous behaviors. Listen 2 ur lawyers & put the phone down.
Stop feeling sorry for yourself. You're the POTUS. Act like it & get to work. There's so much to be done, & you're wasting time!
Repeat after me. There. Is. No. Witch. Hunt. #TrumpsCrazyAsARoadLizard
Release your taxes so we know what #Putin has on you. #LOSERPOTUS #25thAmendmentNow
Enough already! So sick of your whining! You are president, act like it!
tweet tweet fart fart ... president gas
Because it's not fake news..your a fake president!!
The only #FakeNews We have to Fear is coming from the #FakePresident Himself

#TrumpRussia
#TrumpJr
#ObstructionOfJustice
#EmolumentalFraud
Because you launder money in Russia and everyone knowd it.  Which is why you're afraid of your financial and tax information being found out
Please just go away - you are so very tiring with your BS and fake facts.
You're a scared little man. You know they're not far from connecting you to money laundering and you're scared. Prison! #trumpfail
Why are you trying to corrupt another institutions credibility?
https://youtu.be/tSw2FyhcLPA  #ResignTrump
Fake news did report it you said it was on fox
Winning
Donald Trump stay strong sir and don't listen to all the pathetic fake news from places like @CNN and @NYT they are so pathetic. We love you
Paranoid fascist are the ones the start by calling the news that doesn't speak high of them all false
That make you Mr Hump A Pump trump a paranoid fascist!
Mueller isn't hiring lawyers & investigating this for something to do. He has dirt on you, Coward. And when the hammer falls, it falls hard.
Speaking of phony, you're a pathological liar, have a fake tan, and had a fake university. Is that phony enough?
I thought all you cared about were ratings. You're in the news cycle all the time. Keep it up Pinocchio.
What are you whining about now, Mr. President? You are Russia's boy. Why isn't our beleaguered Attorney General looking into your crimes?
Shut up
Dear 45, Please provide bonafide sources and references for your claims.
Mr. Prez, basically because her daughter Chelsea and her husband, along with her campaign chair, didn't have compromising meetings with Russ

Fox News IS fake news so apparently they did
So, how are things going there at the White House? You wise guys name a new "Don"? Fugetta bout it
Lies
It's more like a spawn of Satan Hunt!!!
Cause you would say it was fake 
PRAYZE JEESUS and IMPEACH!

#25thAmendment
Just how much blood pressure med's are you on??? You seem a tad bit bothered by this "Fake News" thing....
Only fake news I see is Trumps twitter page
Because real journalists don't cover fiction. You are DELUSIONAL!
Only thing fake her is your presidency and grip on reality
Awe....why is everybody always picking on the big fat orange bully.
Haven't you got some presidenting to do? How are Healthcare Repeal going? Oh wait..How about Tax Reform? Oh wait....
Apparently, it did.  As you said, it was reported by Faux News.
Oops, my bad.  You are not cultured enough to understand another language.
Jesus Christ STHU
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Bullshit. Everyone knows you're #PutinPuppet you pathetic lapdog.
It's weird that you don't understand why most Americans don't consider a show of support from FoxNews vindicating. Super. Weird.
Fake president, fake brains, wife with fake tits, gives fake jamboree speech, tweets about fake recordings & fake words. #FAKENEWS #covfefe
Dude - That's why we have Fox News. Their reporting is just shallow and biased. Not phony.
