Do you even read your own tweets? If Puerto Rico is totally destroyed how are the people there supposed to save themselves?
This is your biggest crisis to date? And what are you doing? Whining about how you're not appreciated and playing golf!
You bragged you'd be more presidential than anybody but Lincoln. You aren't even as presidential as Andrew Johnson or Warren G Harding!
Proud of ALL our responders, volunteers and FEMA working hard to help PR.  Forget about insane lying Mayor.
Or MSM, hard to catch a kind word for all the work being done.
We'll ignore them too.  Keep all the Positive energy on all the Great works being done by POTUS and support. 

You just don't get it, do you. Here's the beginning of a coherent tweet:

"The military and first responders - BECAUSE no electricity (sic!)
(or: "power" since you prefer that term anyway), roads, phones (...)".

Got it?
No?
Well, no surprise there.
Keep golfing.
THIS HAPPENED DAYS AGO. They need help DAYS AGO. You tweeting about the NFL and people were dying in Puerto Rico but u acknowledge it now?!?
Great question. I am sure many would like to know that.
Totally destroyed! U sent 5,000 troops for 3.5M population. U can’t just send food and not distribute.They need all the help they can get!
*is
Why the heck would we want them, more people to support besides Daca?
How did she get this shirt?
CNN probably printed a bunch up to hand out before #FakeNews interviews...
51000 people like this tweet I pray 51,000 people buy bumper stickers to stand for our flag get it here
He needs a slap to the head with a shovel
Definitely - although his brain is so fucked up it seems like he's already been hit in the head one too many times!
Maybe it would knock some sense into him and he resigns 
Does anyone remember when PR didn’t want the military bases? Yeah...now they should be humble and thanking God for our Military men & women!
You are the most obscene, hateful person ever to be elected to national office. Shame on you
Thank you Mr President.

...and you sat on your phone and tweeted about the NFL for DAYS after the hurricanes hit. How dare you act like this!
#DemocracyinIran @Iranncorg@POTUS
in Afghanistan you don't praise first responders you double tap and murder them .@UK_CAGE
Thank you Mr. President for Exceeding in doing what MSM's Fake News claims you didn't do. The ppl of PR are going to come thru this Ordeal.
How the hell did this one get a shirt made??? I guess new shirts & hats are more important a necessities 

Dear President Trump we are praying for you your administration your beautiful family for God's continued blessing protection guidance 
You're getting well deserved  backlash and are manipulating it into disrespect for the military, just as you always do. Typical Trump.
You have done an amazing job, as have America's military, volunteers, first responders & taxpayers!
Those who are awake , know the #FakeNews is telling LIES We know by your efforts that Our Military and First Responders are doing great work
The first responders are amazing. Heroic. You? Eh, not so much.
Wish our military and first responders could help with our presidenc;y, it is totally destroyed as well.
“Ignorance and its hand-maidens, prejudice, intolerance, suspicion of our fellowman, breed dictators and breed wars.”
— Harry S. Truman
You - playing golf and tweeting. 
PR- suffering with no food or clean water.
Yep, that's good leadership. NOT!
Yet you expect traumatized, thirsty, hungry people to help themselves with nothing but their bare hands...
We were not totally destroyed! Just have no communication to tell anyone that! Start helping us rebuild in more places than just the metro!
Putin assigned, putin approved.
totally destroyed--kinda like your dignity and reputation
Wait...how can you say that?! Has @fema even dropped supplies in outlying towns? Mayors are being forced 2 travel 2 San Juan 2 get help!.
The second largest town in PR has not seen FEMA yet.
Nice job by our military and first responders on totally destroying Puerto Rico
They didn't even need electricity or roads. Badass
You are doing a superb job Mr. President. Ignore the Obama Lover Mayor on Tuesday. She's worthless & Lazy. She helped Obama raise a $Million
Haben Sie überhaupt gedient?
5mal gedrückt hat er sich.
Yes so why'd you wait so long before sending help??? A REAL POTUS WLD HAVE HAD HELP IN PLACE READY FROM DAY ONE
Americans sent aid to Haiti quicker than you sent aid to PR #PuertoRicoReliefNOW
Well said Sailcat. So very infuriating!
Prayers for Puerto Rico thank you for helping them!
Sorry for the ppl in PR whose gov. dropped the ball.  I'm proud of all those in the US & PR who've done such a great job.
Libs desperate to control narrative with lies over Puerto Rico, no constructive purpose for people, just to discredit Trump. Great Job DT
Way beyond the call Dems bitch if they were hung withs new rope Drain swamp get some laws passed or dissect each mem. find corruption swamp!
Did you ever think the reason they are there is because there is no electric, roads, phones, etc?!? It's totally destroyed #DoucheCheeto
We know the Truth & Thank ALL those helping to get the needs met to the people! 
THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP!!!
GREAT JOB!!! 
Dear Mr. President please stay strong & don't let all the negative BS about this natural disaster get to you. Bless PR & USVI & you.
Puerto Rico has been on borrowed time with its poverty debt and corrupt irresponsible governance. Now POTUS  takes the blame? Not a chance.
Agree and USA Stands Proud of all we do and all you do

As the fake news and liberals try to make this your Katrina. Mind boggling how stupid our electorate is. Next is fixing education, sir.

Why weren't resources ready to help? It's not like you didn't see this thing coming miles away. Such a joke. Clowns running @WhiteHouse...
Thank you military and first responders!
Quit telling us the same thing over again! We know they were destroyed, now HELP THEM!!! #ImpeachTrump #EvilPOTUS

God bless you Sir! The real people of PR thank you and the American people for the amazing help you have provisioned for them! Well done
And you did nothing until you were pressured to do so. You didn’t realize that those in PR were Americans... SMH
Thanks for the analysis of damage to Puerto Rico you coward.
Good thing your golf resorts are in tact so you can hang out there, huh?
Military and first RESPONDERS have been GREAT. YOU sir are an EMBARASSMENT for berating San Juan's mayor pleading for help.
They are doing a great job and working nonstop. The people who are complaining should go there themselves and see what they could do better.
And you're golfing while they're dying.
True. Great job indeed
People get it. Don't let the Left twist this story, make our troupe and FEMA sound ineffective.
Exactly, "Bubba"! Get that chip off your shoulder and
GET DOWN THERE AND SEE FOR YOURSELF
President Trump we the Puerto Rican people are with you 100% we are a 1.5 million Judea Christian population. @fakenewscnn will not fool us
Thank you for all the help you give. God bless you Trump & God keep you safe.
Mr. President, are there @USNavy #Seabees in Puerto Rico too? They can fix roads and lots more.
EW1(SW/MTS) USN(Ret.)
No one is criticizing military or first responders they are criticizing you and your laziness and sloth that you were too busy playing golf
And having your klan rally in Alabama where you bashed NFL players to actually send help to Puerto Rico for 8 days after the hurricane. You
Area in Houston cause of republican lack of regulation they didn't have to tell citizens what the chemicals were. That's good policy lol.
Lol talking about their poor leaders. Childish af. We should have been there the day after it happened. You taught me how to spell wreak tho
Lol glad to be of service.
Is it spelled the same for the smell type of the word?
Reek is when something smells.
Thank you Mr President
Together we unite to ensure & protect America
God bless everyone for their amazing efforts.
Love the Angels
I love American people . Respect for American people (from morroco)
The Dems and Media are twisting your words, criminally. You have been positive and helpful to the best of anyones ability and beyond. #TCOT
Prayers going up for Puerto Rico
But the mayor could print a whole bunch of shirts saying they are dying.   Those liars. Guess you need to get boots on the ground with gopro
Plus Puerto Rico sent out ZERO supplies PRIOR to the hurricane to hold their people over. Their leadership is horrible.
Hurricanes are decidedly less efficient at destroying American cities than Democrats are #fakeindignation
Hey @potus, just got a great idea! We have 45,000 "immigrants" coming in. Send em all to Puerto Rico to help out.
都说了！论救灾，你们老美无论如何也比不上中国人民解放军！
Which bureaucrat needs to be roasted in the media in order to get relief moving? #HelpPuertoRicoNOW
Yet they are being mislead by the fake. Red reports the can't see ???? Use some logic when you tweet this crap

What a hard situation to deal with. I am glad they are there helping!
Now watch me make this putt.
The US military should be in charge of this effort not @fema!

Puerto Rico's cop telling the truth about Hurricane Maria's aid https://youtu.be/5Uc1pPsKt_s  via @YouTube

LISTEN UP !!!! Puerto Rican Cop Calls Radio Station, Claims Democrat Mayor @CarmenYulinCruz is Sabotaging Relief Efforts To Make @realdon @realDonaldTrump Look Bad & Secure Votes With…
PR was financially destroyed BEFORE the hurricane due to poor leadership. Now it's physically destroyed. Little hope w/the same leaders.
Please stop BLM frm capturing & killing our National icons Wild Horses & Burros! Stand w/ 80% of Americans who don't want them slaughtered!
So ?....
What will your appearance / showing up will do ??
I don't / won't see you in diseased water.
Flint, Mi. Fucked.
#PuertoRico Liberal truckers Union organized the truckers to NOT distribute supplies to ppl to exacerbate the crisis, for political purpose
#YOUBITCH
Can marines or national guard move teamsters at the ports in Puerto Rico so that goods can be delivered to the people?
And the so called president is just figuring this out.  #impeachTrumpnow

Very disturbing that DOJ and Sessions are not taking any action in the IRS scandal. Message to all bureaucrats: Do your worst. #loislerner
Don't doubt they are working their asses off.  But there is to much that needs to be done and not enough help to manage it.
Libs continue to hate first responders
Thank you Mr President Trump, for facing problems and solving them. That is leadership.
I praise our military and these idiots in Puerto Rico should not bite the hand that feeds them
they may be doing the best job they can YET YOU ARE THE ONE DOING THE WORSE, ATTACKING SOMEONE BEGGING FOR HELP
Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner used a private email account to conduct White House business, his lawyer confirms
Then there's the San Juan Mayor with the time to print political tee shirts
@faagifts
Yet you blame the survivors of this Island for not mounting their own recovery. You have a habit of contradicting yourself.
Maybe you should have sent 40k like you did in Texas, as PR saw much more devastation. #UnfitToBePresident
Get down there and mobilize or there will be an influx of Spanish speaking Americans that will sway Florida and vote your ass out.
Yeah but "people" w/ no phones roads electricity homes cars clothes food water etc yeah they should of done it themselves. You're a pos
donald 
The first responders are saying you haven't given them enough to work with or enough troops to do the job.
In your mind only. Comfort should have sailed on day 1! Help should have begun on day 1! Not weeks later. Shame on you!
....and they continue to work.....
A big ship could be built to be one gigantic electric generating plant
Even in the mountains. A mountain is a high hill surrounded by Big air. You have to go up from the low land. Way, way up. Big up.
https://twitter.com/theleftisracist/status/898358326425243649 …
Puerto Rico is in a major hurricane zone. Why did she not prepare her city? Food, water, generators, blankets, not stocked
Lead, follow, or get out of the way.
An amazing truth is the main electric power stations came through unscathed. ancient outside equip failure.#corruption#infrastructure plan
...so the people of Puerto Rico are keeping up with the fake news how? Smoke signals? Pigeons? Stop making shit up and do your job.
No electric what?
And this is exactly why these suffering Americans are unable to help themselves! Don't you get it?
If a dog was tied to a post in the middle of a field with no shelter and its food and water 3 ft out of reach. That is Puerto Rico right now
SHUT UP. SHUT UP. SHUT UP. SHUT UP. SHUT UP. SHUT UP. SHUT UP. SHUT UP. SHUT UP. SHUT UP. SHUT UP. SHUT UP. SHUT UP. SHUT UP. SHUT UP.
If only you would get off your ass and help them. Like an actual caring human being. Waiting for the party i'll have when you're impeached
Listen don't mean to be on point but mayor of san juan has made it clear is a territory and PR people are helpless
#MAGA
Cunt
supporters than u currently have! Think about it. Maybe, something medical? Whatever you would say, your base would believe and be...
in fact, u are opposite. Tough! I don’t know what story u can come up with to get out of this job, but believe me, you’ll have even more...
and the responsibility that comes with this enormous job to someone that really wants it for the right reasons. I know u are no quitter..
say the things they have to. But you are a billionaire. You earned the right to enjoy your wealth. Leave the job and all the headaches...
of your world-class golf resorts. Who could blame you? Real politicians are trained to go to the places they don’t really want to, and ...
of an exit strategy. I know u really don’t want to go to Puerto Rico. Why would u? U would rather enjoy being and entertaining at one...
forced to defend yourself each day and both u and your family are subjected to such scrutiny, criticism, hatred. U really should think...
Only you are capable of making the post Katrina efforts look like a highly organized success #congrats #Resign #HelpPuertoRico
know that the Trump brand has taken huge hits. You and your family felt great before public scrutiny. U felt like a star. Now, u are...
is just not your thing. Why u left private life, a wonderful life, to fight with so many institutions and millions of people, and we both...
Why do u want this job? U have to been asking that question over the past 8 months. No? It’s obvious, at least to me, that being president
.l..
Puerto Rico is in the middle of a big ocean. 
But this 11th hole is a par 5 surrounded by water! 
Both complicated. Back soon! FORE! 
liar
And you’re asking why their workers won’t help?  Maybe they have families and homes to take care of #criticalandmean
You are crazy! Stop with the excuses and get the job done! Or your fired no more votes or likes on Twitter. Narcissist send Ships! Simple.
How would you know if there is no phones or electricity? Also thanks for the update!
“Is”
Where's the dislike button
Yeah, we know .  We have known for over a week. Why? We watch the real news not Fox Entertainment or Infowars. Nasty man child. #Impeach
IS still totally destroyed.
I challenge you Mr. President,  to go stay in Puerto Rico for 3 days... 3 days....prove you care...just try it...please...3 days
Then why did u wait so long 2 get help there...oh wait ur golf game and fighting with the NfL...2020 is coming and WE WILL VOTE U OUT
We know how bad the damage was. Now shut up and let the adults handle the problem.
Tired of hearing stupid people saying our Mr. Trump is not doing enough.
Your treatment of Puerto Rico is unconscionable. Get off your golf course and go there. It's not that far. Or better yet, resign.
@bossblt that what happens when you have democratic leadership, and now its my wing is broke help help help me.
