@Alexander_Avg
Indeed... With the Red Cross??
And clowns
You really should look into who leaked that silly “no trade with anybody trading with ” empty threat.
Remember that time you tweeted a Fox article that contained leaked North Korea Intel?  Ahhh, memories.....

Please resign.
YOU MUST SET PEOPLE UP TO FIND THE LEAK.... mention certain things to only a few people ...REPEATEDLY if they suddenly APPEAR IN PUBLIC..its easy to set up LEAKERS... but it has to be done@!
https://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2016/10/30/world/politics-diplomacy-world/hacked-memo-reveals-details-bill-clintons-2009-meeting-north-koreas-kim-jong-il/ …
God, I hope so.  Then at least we will know when to bend over & kiss our asses goodbye.
Yes, they will keep throwing bs trying to make u slip in it---#norelieffor the weary
#impeach #incompetent #liar #unfit #mentallyill #traitor
must be another fatherless antiChrist evil individual that's on their way to the flames for all eternity sad
But you love leaks. Remember, “I love wikileaks” and just this past Friday you pardoned a convicted leaker.
No surprise. Obama minions or Never Trumpers! It’s what they do!
The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I ...
the
Good point Mr. President! I want to thank you for all your service Sir. I do appreciate it AND YOU !
I'm a POTUS deplorable. I just saw a post where you did not have your hand over your heart on CNN Background. can you tell me why?
Bannon????
You are about to learn what checks and balances are as the Hill checks you into some handcuffs and a stripped uniform.
i wouldnt have your job for all the tea in China, good luck.
democrats are using YOU as a scapegoat to cover up and take the attention off of there screw ups as usual
Real ? is why you are meeting with a state official Abe, in front of all those people at MarALago. Ever heard of Security?
tell Ryan drain the swamp ,no one above the law, McCain ,,Cardin, pelosi violated the Logan act , let them be prosecuted
A: no, the real story is you hiring a Russian mole to be on the NSC. Traitor. #liar #traitor #tinyhands #tinybrains
.@realDonaldTrump If by "leaks" you mean "people tweeting the shit they hear you talking about while they're eating near you," then mos def.
.@realDonaldTrump DISAPPOINTED and ENRAGED by Michael Flynn's LIES! I remain, however, utterly CHARMED by @KellyannePolls's constant lying!
Investigation your Russian connections will continue and will be exposed. It wont be fake news.
I prefer to call the leaks patriotism! #resist
No the real story is how long you knowingly allowed a compromised asset remain part of your "team". Trying to distract...
who killed his brother..sounds like KGB work
Um...NO...the real story is that YOU ARE A TRAITOR! Resign or be Impeached! #trump4prison #traitor
you're concerned about leaks nowwhen you encouraged them for HRC..Even encouraged Russia to help
That's all you learned from this...you are even stupider than thought and that was a very low bar.
A rotton barrel has leaks and and empty one makes most noise - thats you that is- numero uno clown who ain't funny
Drain the swamp! Dredge the swamp! Keep fighting. Give'em hell. #MAGA #AmericaFirst
I'm with you President Trump-I'm praying for you
Release your tax returns ! #ConflictOfInterest
Ass long as you stay bent over nothing ever leaks out. It's only when you try and stand up to Russia thing get cock-eyed!
Wait u said #WIKILEAKS of #russianhacking emails was a service that we deserved 2 know, how is this different? Grow up!
I'm getting weary, but I'll get a second wind
what about legal violations of cabinet members
pst Tinkerbell Russia just launched a cruise missile think your loverboy Putin is a might pissed off, you gonna handle it?
New elections. New admin. Trump Flynn Pence Bannon Spicer need to go to prison.This is the only acceptable response.
maybe if you didn't have top-secret talks on the fucking lawn, you wouldn't have so many leaks, Hair Furor.
Maybe because you're having impromptu security briefings IN PUBLIC at Mar-a-Lago...
dominos are falling falling -you are one of them. Where are your taxes? You have money owed to oligarchs. TREASON #GOP 
uhm..aren't you the one who should be answering that?
Nixon pales in comparison to the current WH corruption!
Roses are red
   Violets are blue
   If #Flynn was in bed with Russia
   My guess is that Trump was too

#valentines
U.S.A government  is giving a very amusing show to the rest of the world right now. In Europe we are astonished.
we have to live it!!! How do you think we feel about it???
Guess that depends on whether you keep discussing NK policy in full view of guests at Mar-a-Lago.
@POTUS kind of like #wikileaks? The reason you're President? I think we need an independent investigation
Real story is you knew about Flynn. And no need for leaks on NK - people on vacation were filming you on their phones! Ffs!
We're not idiots. I listened to Spicer today. Once again he is lying because you want him to. You are all lying.
no the real story is that you knew and lied to the America People!
Mr Trump start firing Obama leakers out of your administration and get NSA and FBI and CIA on Dems and investigate them

You are the Commander-In-Chief, Sir! If you can't control your administration, what can you control?
The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc?
Blonde dear, no presidencies in the history of the U.S. is this messy in just 25-26 days!! @realDonaldTrump #fraud #lies #mess
I want to know who told Flynn to talk to Russia. My guess is Trump. FBI will find out and then we can all chant "lock him up"
do you trust Comey who bent over backwards to get Trump elected?
Hillary isn't the President why do all of his supporters say "yeah well what about Hillary look what she did" 
@chrgdup1973 if the leaks did not come out would you have continued to lie to the American people? The real news is you&Rus
what lie? Why aren't you concerned about leaks? Under any president this is a dangerous sign.
leaks have happened to Bush Obama and many Pres why are you not worried that he has connections with the USSR
because its ALL hearsay. Where is one shred of evidence? Russia only became an issue when Hillary lost
seriously? Even Fox the GOP news is reporting this. I get it Trump tweets you but he is lying
please! I'm a bit more intelligent than a tweet from Trump John. Flynn broke no law, he did break trust.
I don't know if he Broke a Law but the Adams Charter implies he did but the ? Is did Trump make the order?
again, no proof he did. Democrats will launch an investigation & time will tell. There is some very very
"real story"

- justice dept warned u abt this months ago
- u ignore advice
- u lie & r caught
- nat sec advisor resigned
Also about those "ratings" you care abt so much... ur the fastest pres in US history to gain majority disapproval
& let's not forget ur unconstitutional immigration order which was knocked down not once but twice in court
Scary thing is u'd probably *love* for a mass killing to happen just so ur "right"... even scarier, you'd probably plan it
What a mess... hopefully ur valentines dinner w Putin goes better tonight then ur 1st 4 weeks in office
William LeGate is a troll paid by Soros to attack every Trump tweet w/ multiple incoherent replies. @williamlegate @realDonaldTrump
Trumpbots always have the flag in their profile pics. Never fooling anybody, of course.
got to get refineries away from coastal areas for national security last one built in Newell WV inland near Pittsburgh Pa
I got nothing to say other than- MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Mr. President suggest new modern refineries inland away from coastal areas newest one in Newell WV near Pittsburgh Pa smart
The Very Best President the USA ever Had!!! Hope he stays healthy will be voting for him again and again change term limits
Mr. President Pittsburgh not Paris let's get this Hotrod running again Steel Oil Electric Rivers Roads Trains Airport etc
Surprise, surprise -- you are the leaker!
BUT U don't deny the truth of the leaks..Those leaking r more of a patriot than the prostitutes who pee'd on you.
Nums. there shall B1 statute 4U & 4 the stranger who Is with U, a statute forever.U & the stranger shall B alike before GOD
thought you liked LEAKS!!!
this is what is known as   #foreshadowing
FIRE COMEY!  It's obvious he's a puppet for Obama!
assign people to determine who the sources are in these journalism stories don't list the source track down the source
no this is just the deflecting story from reality. Do they allow you to read negative tweet responses?
Show us your tax return so we know what you've really been doing with your buddies in Russia. #con #notaleader
@DebAlwaystrump all involved need jail time! Obama did not investigate or prosecute security violations so guilty feel ok!
You encouraged leaks, now blame Obama and intelligence agencies outrageously for everything w/out proof, lie daily. AWFUL
I swear I didn't told them anything... Yet, but maybe soon. XD
FAKE PRESIDENT
you held a situation room IN FRONT OF DINERS and smiled for photo ops!! Are you kidding?! #TrumpImpeachmentParty
Boss, is communism actually legal to propagate against our fine constitution?  Hmm. I think you should get em.
There are so many leaks because you are incompetent and unstable.  Your "team" is trying to warn!
the real story is that ISIS needs to get to you SOON..
I loved your news con. You made the media look like fools once again!!
I'm sure they will, if you continue to chat about  top secret business at your golf club with your buddies hanging out.
Won't have to since you hold briefings in restaurants with easily hackable phones recording everything.
@potus @realDonaldTrump If you continue recklessness with national security in public, everyone with a smart phone will "leak" about N Korea
You say leakers, I say whistleblowers.
When you campaigned you said you vex Wiki leaks.  Make up your little mind.  You confuse us
With the way you work and the type of people you have on staff, the leaks will continue.
Barry's got it out for you, speak softly and carry a big stick
the real crime was Flynn's treason. & You're upset only because he got caught. Are you his partner in crime?
the real story here is why are there so many dumb word vomits coming out of our president? Will this stomach bug ever end?
don't read classified information at your restaurant in plain view of citizens with phones being used as flashlights. Sad!
thank you keep up the good fight thank god your are president!
Good job with the criminal illegals Mr President.  Keep it up
#Purge the liberal appointees in on fell swoop, leaks will stop.
leaks are coming from holdovers from last adms. They have an agenda & it's  not 2 benefit we, the people. Need urs in plce
@Trummp_2016 Need to stop leaker & posecute! MSM missed the story. IT'S THE LEAKS DUMMY! STOP LEAKS, GET CABINET CONFIRMED!
You know what else leaks? Showers.
talk in a sound proof room . No phone calls

time for  an adult diaper for those leaks
Deal with*** North Korea. with or w/... but not on. Please attend 1st grade Donny boy
Well start by pulling their security clearance and that way if someone knows something they will talk
This is clear all going on is a war between good and evil . You are the light and you shall shine great trump
where does the buck stop? I forget. Get your house in order. Take responsibility.
Go on and clean up
I'm in Sweden right now. Scary place. What's going on?
Guess you have to go out of the White House to discuss them and choose who surrounds you very carefully. Frisk them all
This is how it has always been. No one is singling you out. Stop being paranoid.
Why? Because you're an incompetent boob and everyone with a brain is trying to expose you as such.
you were warned about this months ago. You ignored advice. You lied and were caught. Flynn resigned.
And just how WILL you deal on N. Korea?  And how about the Russian ship off CT coastline, spying on our Navy?
Leaks will likely continue I'm sure, you continue to wave huge red flags.
have you given thought to bugs in the oval office. And I would put Flynn back on the job. The left is awful .
the liberals are so clueless to who is really controlling them.  They are parrots echoing their masters words...
We all see the real story is your shady deals with Russia. U will be caught!
The real story is that you are not fit to be any countries political leader. You are doing a terrible job at being honest.
the bullshit that comes from trumps face is fake shit.
so you'
re planning on a new hotel there?
YOU leaked on N.Korea when you talked to Abe about it in a crowded restaurant.
@PatriotEagle201 Yes they will cause Obama left spies & puppets in UR beaurocracy & appointees especially judicial depts.
maybe because you decided to talk about it in public during a wedding reception?
your impeachment nobody wants to hear your lies anymore take what you got coming and step down or drag the rest with you
Short answer: Yes.  Longer answer: you better believe it.
you're going to get us all killed
JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!! SIR!
Who knows? Are you going to keep having classified conversations about it in public?
I thought once you got into the White House you would have a decent barber!
these "so called leaks" are do to your gross incompetence - get used to it... there will be more @realDonaldTrump
Don't think you understand what the "Deep State" is. It's Millions of bureaucrats that work for the Fed Govt. Their job to enact policy.
Maybe you should talk to your friend Putin about leaks & hacks Maybe you're being double crossed.
no you're the problem you and your corrupt self/team
Grow up!
#Jestertrump leaking about how North Korea is mean to you? Hope not...but when you F-up...again...hope so!
No--YOU'LL probably do THAT! Unsecured convos. Bad IDEA! But, don't worry, they're probably feeding you the LITE version!
Treason!!
Yes unless you clean house of all Obama holdovers. We need to get back to actual reality NOT dems idea of what reality is!
maybe people wouldn't feel the need to blow the whistle if you weren't doing shady shit with Russia
House that house of cards you live in?
... Maybe I'm imagining it but there wouldn't be anything to leak if your administration was on the level #JustSaying
you were an embarrassment at your press conference!
yes, people are leaking information because they don't trust that you can do this job.
HaHa they are coming from YOU.  That's how you get attention.
throw those Leakers in prison when you find them. We got you back Mr. President
Has he ever left???!!! Bc that I know he hasn't left tweeting or gone back to Russia where he belongs with you at his side
AFTER 9 MONTHS OF THIS RUSSIA INVESTIGATION THREE IS STILL NO EVIDENCE. NONE. NOTHING. ZIPPO. NADDA. NOT ONE TID BIT. YET YOU STILL CLAIM IT
That is the real story, Don, not that he was caught and you were warned? Traitor, and should be trated as so!
working in the area. Surround yourself with loyalists.
2nd real story; liberal appointees are yet to be fired. Put a bounty on them, allow whistle blowers to vet them out 4 you.
Unless you can find it on a map, leave it alone. You aren't qualified. Or anything to do with this one. #ImpeachDonaldTrump
The leaks are coming out of your dysfunctional White House from your people. What a joke!
There are so many leaks because even your staff and cabinet want you out.
Of course! The media is acting like they Want U 2 take action against them. Is this a indirect attack on the 1st Amendment?
you hired them
maybe you should be the one checking on that.
you need to clean the swamp, I would say that is were the leaks are coming from
The "real" story here is how DISHONEST and SNEAKY  you really are... #notmypresident
Try a different on each suspect if it hits the press bingo and check for bugs better
The leaks are happening during your watch @realDonaldTrump 
Get your act right. Sad
The REAL story is that you try to coverup your abuse and dishonesty by projecting blame elsewhere.  Classic abuse behavior.
no but its obvious that those elite doesnt want you in power .u fought hard battle but looks like even harder never ending
