Wake up Folks!!!
Fox News and Trump. Therein lies a collusion.
Where's the evidence of collusion? Be specific.
Murdoch wants to become de facto state TV by promoting and defending Trump no matter what. Financial gain, links from Trump.
Where's the evidence of this? Be specific.
Not everything else. Just CNN/NBC & NYT. Which are all provably fake news.
Where's the evidence? Simple question.
Fox & Friends IS THE "FAKE NEWS". They really held you're feet to fire while questioning you about "the Comey tapes" Hahaha Fucking Coward!
Levin is a cuckoo bird.
The chickens always come home to roost.. Dems are becoming unhinged by their own doing.
I was waiting for Trump to blame the Democrats for HIS collusion with Russia… he has no shame.
Please move to california, if your not already there
Absolutely,  it is now apparent. The Democrats are lying.
@FoxNews should be called Foreign News Network FNN.
Stop spewing your #FakeNews  Mark Levin is insane. Your whole #Corrupt cabinet have gotten lawyers. #Resign #LoserInChief
Nice to see the president is colluding with Fox to help ratings again. Wonder how much stock in Fox he owns? #MAGA #мошенника #лжец
What is "fox and friends"? Saturday morning bigoted cartoons?
Well said !
House Dems Hired A Fired McDonald’s Worker As Their IT Guy
#AmericanPravda
Lots of speculation, light on facts. Great hit piece. If something fraudulent occurred, why hasn't the GOP house brought charges?
Opinions from state-run television don’t mean a lot to the 58% of Americans who disapprove of you. 

It also seems cloying. Desperate. Sad.
I'm wondering how quickly his Fox friends will turn on him when he is impeached. He'll probably be renaming them #FoxandFiends!
Oy dummy? Impeached for what exactly? Tell us, or did you hear that big old word on telly?
It could be for:

a) Collusion with Russia

b) Obstruction if Justice

c) Tampering with a key witness

d) All of the above...?
So let's keep score so far: collusion no evidence at all Obstruction no evidence at all Tamp w key witness?? Now ur just making stuff up
Dude as a disciple of Trump's, surely you're reading his tweets and watching his interview on fox and friends?

He admitted it...!
WRONG
@marklevinshow we know your wack job Trumpanzees believe your propaganda but the MAJORITY of ppl didn't vote for Trumpy
If he didn't collude w Russia he wouldn't let any of this drive him so crazy. When I'm innocent of something that's bs I don't entertain it
Stop looking at America as political parties. We are people, not votes. Preside with dignity. This Is why you aren't respected. Resign.
Conspiracy is more like it. Conspiracy to mislead this nation. I call that treasonous.

Why not declare all media outlets including conservative ones to be fake news..... Why picking up on some? Huh. Truth of convenience eh?
Collusion means: secret or illegal cooperation or conspiracy, especially in order to cheat or deceive others
That's what Kushner did trying to set up communication with Russians in Russian facility. That's what Flynn, Sessions & Manafort did FACTS

Fox news is fake news, Just like Trump is a fake

GOP & DEMS ARE SOMEWHAT=matched though about 3million more DEMOCRATIC VOTERS THAN GOP.

Really?! 
Yes, really. Look each person up and see for yourself.
Pretty pitiful when @realDonaldTrump  has to fill his Twitter page with retweets from a gossip channel news network.
may be the dumbest position spewed from the long ago discredited & disgraced levin

What say you now sir?
Oh look, the liar in Chief is promoting the state propaganda channel again
#disgrace
LMAO....The dems are not under criminal investigation braniac. Tweeting fake news will not save you from the gallows.
Sorry. EVERYTHING on Fox News is #FakeNews

That's not an exact quote and misleads the reader. This was a joke. Your fake news.

I should say... "fake history."
LOL fake history that really happened ! LOL
Your pathetic tiny handed distraction won't work!  You and your campaign ALONE colluded with Russia. #Trumpcare ALONE will destroy lives!!!
You release a statement about Syria and this + is all you can tweet about this morning. America First, right? Start proving you believe that
We watch him on Podcast! Excellent
The Great One Gets It Right All The Time!
BWAHAHA the collusion is among the democrats. Good one! Nah, that isnt what everyone in Intelligience comm. says.
Democrats working with Democrats isn't collusion!  It's legitimate cooperation!
The why are all the RINO's getting attornies.
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews
This is what @realDonaldTrump values the most
So if I posted a picture of frmr potus Obama smoking could I say "this is what Obama loves most"? Just a childish post
It's a free country. Think about it though. Money motivates decisions. Does smoking cigarettes affect policy?
http://fb.me/zxA98k1v  All your supporters are trying to make a buckoff your trashy name brandShilling for dollars!!.. Nothing else
I see your Bannonite Trumpbots are out in force, Donnie.

I see you also changed your story
Eat Rocks
http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/lawmaker-clinton-left-classified-papers-in-russia-china/article/2606107 … Who's Side is Clinton On?

We Need to Focus on Obama Crime spree as President . These Investigations need to give Congress more time when asking Questions! Too slow

AG Loretta Lynch is purposely Obstructing Justice
Must See 
https://youtu.be/rNqlMlSK7ys 
She's one person. 15 were jailed for watergate. Nixon would have been jailed as he was found guilty of 3 crimes - but Ford pardoned him
Yes & #CNN purposely misleads the public. Waiting to see if #FoxAndFriends reports this -->
NEWSFLASH: @CNN finally tells the TRUTH. 

#FakeNews #AmericanPravda 
Do you also tweet Trumps lies, or just his oponents?  #letmeguess
Do you have TDS? #donthavetoguess , had a look at your TL.
You dont realize only your shrinking 35% base trusts or watches FOX news. The majority know FOX is fake.
Yet such a small base keeps winning more & more elections? hmmm you sound like CNN. Fake news. 
I am Canadian. It must be hard to deal with all this unrest in the States. Hang in there!
He's a bigger lying conman phony crook than @seanhannity #politicalHacks @PressSec @SenateMajLdr turtle  @CNN @MSNBC @DRUDGE_REPORT
Hahaha. Mark Levin. Lolz
Since collusion story has fallen apart, y can't Mueller and investigation b dismissed? We don't need it other then to investigate last admin
Even sicker how your ignorant base still supports you!
#Trumpland .. they're coming .. hide under the covers!! #TrumpRussia
Have you nothing better to do with your time?!
Yeah, whatever.  A week ago you said nothing was there.  It's fake news. Whatever.
yes. So Trump's msg is: "Russia never, ever interfered, and Obama colluded with them. Or maybe it was Hillary."
"ok...Obama, Hillary, and ALL of CNN colluded with Russia! Lock them up! But Russia is our friend and we should lift sanctions! MAGA!"
Charles Manson: Teh cops are teh real murderers!
Looking for Elephant dung but only finding donkey dung..
Did you really re-tweet this luntic?
This is the craziest shit I've seen in a while! Even for Fox & F this is crazy bananas! I was having a bad Tuesday, thanks for the laugh
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews right on!
THE COLLUSION is happening in the CURRENT ADMINSTRATION.
They are under INVESTIGATION for it. #TraitorTrump
Lady u need all the Mark Levin u can get...Trust but verify...
FBI Calculated Phoney Comey revealed Loretta Lynch told him to call Hillary email probe a "MATTER" not an investigation!!
I saw that ! Incredible Chief !
How can you obstruct justice for something that never happened?
Wrong! He said Russia tried to hack election and he also said it hypocritically. But that doesn't mean trump and Russia colluded, fake news!
HANNITY ANOTHER TRUMP HOLSTER
Your lies only work on the ones who get on their knees each morning and worship you (35%) The rest of us don't worship false prophets!!!
The institutionalization of dishonesty.

Threatening GOP senator to vote for Health Scare bill is disgusting.
Deflector -
Never really considered Fox for news. Wow, it's all Obama's fault, go figure. What an interesting 359 turn for Trump. Usual Trump insanity.
Nobody could have predicted the stunning power of the "No, YOU are!" defense.

@potus @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews
We all know this is #statemedia you're not fooling anyone.  Now close twitter, get off the toilet and act like a President
Blah blah.Trump tweets and retweets lies. Who's running the country whole the toddler tyrant throws twitter tantrums? Sure isn't GOP
This guy is smart.
There's my man, he can say it better than anybody Mark Levin, he is dead on the money

The news channel of sexual harassment and racism
Lol@quoting that loon Mark Levin. What's next, Alex Jones?
Why don't you represent ALL the people/facts instead of blame game?
Obama to Putin- whispering he'll be more flexible? Hillary selling uranium? They're just mad Putin didn't pull through a
& help her win.
Yeah, like anyone at FOX knows their ass from a hole in the ground!
Blert
Obviously.
Collusion among all corporatist profit before people political parties
Like we believe anything from Fox News otherwise known TBS - Trump Broadcasting System. No credibility. FAKE NEWS.
So have y'all all hired lawyers?

A one-party solution gave us Obamacare. Let’s not make the same mistake twice. We have to work together! 

Couldn't agree more
Damn right! it's about time what We The People have been seeing for a while is being discussed.
Wow.... trying 2 blame everyone else 4 ur own misdeeds is what narcissists do, but it won't hide the truth bec no one is going to buy it.
So much stupid here that it's wasted.
Yr deflection won't work, Donny boy. Just bc yr state TV, @FoxNews, says it doesn't make it true & this defies logic. You're grasping...
Your "news sources" are "Fake News"  Nothing more than "state-run media like Russia Today
Trump Must Now Revoke CNN’s White House Press Credentials http://www.infowars.com/trump-must-now-revoke-cnns-white-house-press-credentials/ … via @realalexjones
Mark Levin: The conclusion is among the Democrats that trump coluded !

Who is the leader of the Democratic party?  Crying Chuckie Schumer, Elizabeth Wacky Warren, Tom Profanity Perez, Nonsensical Nancy Pelosi…?
Nobody believes you bs propaganda
You have exactly one supporter on Fox news that doesn't say much about you
Bigotry, sexism and failed Republican "trickle down" is NOT Americanism.  Americans care for each other not the RICH!  Sickening lies
THEY DIDN'T SIT ON IT! It was part of a debate! Televised! The info was out. GOP using "I know you are but what am I," defense.
Fox News is fake and corrupt...
That's right & it's deep. More like drain the ocean, it's much bigger than a swamp. And stuff a sock in M Waters mouth while you're at it.
Democrats are idiots
Yo Momma 
Democrats and liberal's are so brainwashed they don't realize their party is dead get a job at McDonald's in Iran anti American socialist
We know and they do too #

Amazing how these #libtard lie through their teeth wout hesitation. Then end up w egg on their face
The Dems colluded to elect Trump? So why not investigate, prove it and remove the illegitimate person from office? #ImpeachTrump
If any of you think either one of these parties, Republician or Democrat, is looking out for anyone except themselves, you are a fool.

number 1 best seller
Trump & Levin are AF- if you cannot do anything but attack people step down. It's getting real old, & make you sound pathetic
Prosecute!
That doesn't even make sense.

New York Times prints full page of Trump's lies since taking office http://ind.pn/2sSHtd0  
Collusion is Not among dems. Only the president and his team are under investigation. FakeNews FakePresident
Russia's Largest Bank Confirms Hiring Podesta Group To Lobby For Ending Sanctions
Such a LAME attempt at deflection. This is "I know you are but what am I?" on a BIGLY scale. Sad!
That's not what the FBI thinks....
Your right.... they absolutely know it's a lie. Not one shred of evidence of collusion between Trump and Russia.
And the beat goes on...
Are Democrats working together? DEAR GOD, A UNIFIED PARTY, PUT THEM IN PRISON!
I never seen a bigger group of cultists. Like Manson or Jim Jones type of men, playing on people's vulnerability. Frightening and sad.
Oh. I'm sorry I missed #Levin. It's fun to ridicule him when he goes on his hitleresque screaming fits. My God, is he deranged. #GOP
Levin knows what he is talking about! Every one of those idiots involved with bringing this investigation on us should be fired and jailed!
You bet it is!
#staterunmedia at it again, #sycophants for @potus
Those who pay credence to Fox aren't exactly intellectual giants.  
Send in the clowns. Don't bother, they're here.
Fox Entertainment = RT (Russian Television)
This train has no brakes...
Nice try.  You have been drinking the kool aid.
Anonymous sources used by MSM say this... I guess that's okay now... you know, quoting "fakenews" and "anonymous" sources.
Beautiful... true Patriot... God Bless America... thank you @marklevinshow

I think it's all a bunch of hog wash . I love Trump!!!!
Scholarly folks tend to review and consult  multiple news sources for their info. #Idiocracy #realityTVpotus
Americas idiot class is being drawn into neo fascism by Rs long game of dumbing them down over decades.
So how much to pay Fox TRUMP Propaganda News to spew YOUR FAKE NEWS! Keep calling MofC to get your Ins. with heart passed. U own Trumpcare!
Another good try but they have been collecting evidence. Time. Will. Tell.
What plant is he from? Fox news worst fake news. Fox supports a loser like trump and friends,bad healthcare and a outtouch republican party.
Fox News fired Andrew Napolitano for creating and spreading FAKE NEWS.
Colluding with your own party is cooperating or coordinating and its to be expected. With an adversary against US interests....collusion.
Is that like fascism, except where there's cheeto dust instead of a tragic mustache?
