He lost.
Were you wrong.
Drain the swamp VOTE FOR DOUG JONES TO FILL THE SENATE SEAT!
sorry i am for Moore, U live in the swamp & Mitch & Ryan must be twisting ur arm. and you are force to concede so you can get other stuff done.  until weak sessions starts indicting the swamp you will have a tough go. may God be with you
Big day in Alabama. Vote for Luther Strange, he will be great!...
PLEASE DONT LISTEN TO THE DEMS ABOUT GUN LAWS. GUNS DONT KILL THE PEOPLE BEHIND THEM DO.WE SUPPORTER YOU AND NRA.LEAVE THE GUNS ALONG PLEASE
Thank god you backed Luther! We got the crazy bat shit guy instead because of you.
Luther will lose
No
No he wouldn't be
Love when you endorse people. It reassures me that voting for the other guy is the right move.
Whyyyyyy?
I just retweeted our POUS. I can't vote there. I trust the state gets who is best for them , who Ever that is. I support POUS& thus my tweet
Resign
Also, take Bannon, Miller, Gorka, Conway and Huckabee with you.
Ignore those trolls you are doing what you said you would do for the country.
Yeah...this is normal for a sitting president.
Please resign.
STRANGE because the only LUTHER i know is KING
Everyone you support is "strange" but none of them are as strange and unwanted as you. #LazyBoy #DiaperDon
I thought you were the president, not some hillbilly's hype man.
If Luther strange loses. Take the cue from the people and stop supporting swamp creatures. This guy didn't even support you.
You are socially tone deaf and morally corrupt.
FOCUS Donald! This race doesn't matter. Kore, Russia, Nazis, Bannon!!!
3 Years, 5 Months, 5 Days, 4 Hours, 51 Minutes, and 59 Seconds
Yes and thanks. President
Big day in America today... Another step closer to your impeachment!

The Greatest President Ever 

No, vote for @RepMoBrooks

Anything you endorse should be discarded

Big Day In NYC... The President Goes on an Ignorant Retweeting Spree..
 He's orange
  He's gross
  He lost the popular vote 

 Heeeheeheehee That 
NO MORE ORANGE MAP. PEOPLE THOUGHT A TV STAR WAS  A GOOD PERSON. FOOL AMERICA ONCE.. NOT AGAIN!
I don't want to
No fence are you not Rony for him Marbro we why for you Donald Trump
Will he tell #lies and have a soft spot for #WhiteSupremacists just like you #DonTheCon ? #onetermtrump
As great as you? Bahahaha. 34% approval. Yeah great if you're a slug.
You suck
Uh duh. I dont know what white supremacy is
The guy is named after two D.C. villains.
34% approval rating, your the last person to be endorsing anyone GO AWAY ILLEGITIMATE !!!
Think you just destroyed his chances of winning.
Sir
Liberals are getting buried deeper everyday 
Not going to do it
This Luther?
Best reason not to right here


Real class in the White House stopped here. Most tweeted tweet ever. Thanks Obama. We miss you.
Like you're great?  No thank you.

Nope
#FakePresident
All Jews and people of color please cast your vote against anyone who Trump endorses!
Or, take the time to research your candidates, and vote how you want to vote, not blindly.
Also BIG day for USA as #NorthKorea backs off. Thank U @POTUS for Making America STRONG Again after 25 yrs of US aiding #NK to go nuke
#MAGA
Big day in Alabama

Vote for Doug Jones

Prosecuted KKK bombers of 4 little girls in Birmingham
Thank You to:
Merck
Under Armour
Intel
Trump unhinged

After fake statement retweets meme w/ train running over a reporter
https://twitter.com/waltshaub/status/897420870158778369/photo/1pic.twitter.com/OAzN0GQGDS 
Trump is unhinged + unfit for office

Threatens nuclear war
Can't denounce Nazis
Leader of the Free World - no problem denouncing Nazi violence in Charlottesville
Alabama Primary Today

Doug Jones endorsed by John Lewis - Civil Rights Hero
Trump's real message:

Sides with criminal convicted for racist illegal profiling
This would be a fitting memorial
What is even GREATER is this from @sethmeyers:
And Seth Meyers donated to the Hillary campaign and lost all his money.His bosses too so he would never say a good thing about our lives now
It's not about Seth Meters, much less his bosses, troll.  Talk about missing the point.   Comparing murderers to victims, racists to those they seek to abuse, and honest-to-God Nazis to those trying to peacefully protest them or protect peaceful protesters is morally insane.
George Soros, Hillary Clinton, Obama are the Nazi's who infiltrated Antifa, BLM and the like. Billions they spend. People you may know. Harder to know who to trust these days.
He didn't win!! Thank Goodness!
Congrats Luther! You just got an endorsement from one of the most polarizing politicians of our time.
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Sorry - you picked the wrong guy in this race. Go Mo!
He lost. 

Climate Change is as real as golf balls.

Are you endorsing him because he's a Nazi?  #trumplovesnazis #Resistance #nazisareunamerican
America-Senate-House 
Impeach racist sexist racist arrogant incompetent unethical LIARTRUMP
Mr. President, hoping that one day you will grow up
just like he wants to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain : white supremacy sweeping the country.
Someday, successful and full of success...
Mr Pres today the voters of Al sent a huge message and that is we are done with Est. Candidates that will give us same old nothing
You failed. Strange didn't take @gop primary. You're poison.
Voted for Judge Moore.
Strange, in Alabama.  Sounds about right. Poor Alabama.
As a constituent of the state of Alabama, Christ I hope not!  #NoToLuther
You endorse them... they lose,
Every one is great to you including the KKK etc. Grow a set of balls!
Not if you say so! #impeachTrump
@realDonaldTrump if he's as great as your hair then no thanks
I go with Moore on this one. 

MAGA!
Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo Vote @MooreSenate NOT another Strange shill
Ms trump googel and you tube crimenals are in gleandale ca and Bakersfield ca my mom me and my girel monica gallagher by foce
Next when they go after the founding fathers as racists and if accomplished by default the constitution and bill of right are gone
He didn't do too well...loosing it!!!
Go Mo!
oh fuck you're close to me, i need to flEE THE COUNTRY
Two Words = Dumpster Fire
Your going to have to resign or face prison and or be removed from office. Find your big boy shoes and recognize this. Its over for you.
No he won't
Of course it will be great. Anyone who is running as a candidate will be greater than you ever will be.
Anyone you endorse must be shady!
As 'great' as you? NO THANKS!

ABSOLUTELY NOT!  He's most likely as big a CROOK and THIEF as U R @POTUS!!! Probably steal Alabama citizens BLIND!!! #Resisttrump!!!
Vote to impeach trump!!!!
President Donald J. Trump should not be blamed for the fruit of bad parenting. He condemns All FORMS of hate and violence, thank you
This is beauty.
Why?  Explain in the most eloquent terms you can summon (without using the words "great", "sad", or "bigley").
HEY WEAK FAKE GUY YOUR DAD MARCHED WITH THE KKK IN NEW YORK!!   WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL US YOU MUST BE PROUD
Hahahahahahaha! Your endorsement, combined with your robo-calls, earned him a whopping 32% of the vote!
AMEN
Ilove you???????
Pls be louder in your support for your favourite candidate. I'm sure he'll be grateful . Do us all a favour push harder 
And also pls put in some more good words about white supremacists, it should further help .

sounds like you have no idea who he is.
vomit came up in my throat.   racist !  bigotry !  KKK supporter.  you support these american terrorists!  you probably want to pardon dylan



Great and good American presidents seek to unite not divide. Donald Trump’s remarks clearly show he is not one of them.
#illegitimatePresident
#illegitimatePresident
#illegitimatePresident
#illegitimatePresident
#illegitimatePresident
#illegitimatePresident
Do not vote for another senator they may even think a little like him
Trump showed yesterday what agenda he is running. If the Republicans allow him to remain, they all will be gone in the next election. #trump
Not
Use your power for good.. let's tell a story.
#ImpeachTrump

Unlike you
#TrumpLuvsStrange
It will be great when you #resign
Great as in - as great as you're doing?  If so I'd pass on him.
History repeats itself Nazi-fascism-white supremacy will lose again

Dr Strange? Good movie, I've seen it a few times. Chat later #Impeach45AndMAGA
Hey Donald...
Good job. Your endorsement caused a runoff, and Moore got a larger percentage than Strange. Bet Strange wishes you'd just shut-up. #Losing
big day he lost
Lost badly because of his association with you. So sad.
Donald Trump is a Fascist... America hates him. We hate you
Yesssss!
lol love how you're not saying anything about what is going on in VA
#TAXES #TAXES #TAXES #TAXES #TAXES #TAXES #TAXES #TAXES #TAXES #TAXES #TAXES #TAXES #TAXES #TAXES #TAXES #TAXES #TAXES #TAXES #TRUMPRUSSIA
Democrat Doug Jones wins Alabama Senate primary. "You know, 15 years ago, I actually went up against the Klan. And we won," Jones said. 
Better take a 2nd look at Roy Moore. McConnell has manipulated you. He does that a lot, don't feel bad. We want Mitch OUT.
He lost thanks to you
You're scared to fire Bannon, aren't you? People are saying he's the real president. Sad!
Luther is a KKK supporter
We've seen the ppl you think are "fine people "...
Anyone you endorse can expect the Nazis, white supremacist and bigots, to be in their corner, they should be ashamed. Such a WEAK POTUS.

Watch the full video here: https://youtu.be/P54sP0Nlngg 
#activate #resist #notmypresident #OurCountry #WethePeople 
Like and Share! 
We don't want anyone you endorse!!! #NAZiTRUMP
Why don't you put the congress on the Obama care put th in making minimum wage then and only then will they make changes

Is he also a Nazi?!
The best President
Trump equates traitor Robert E Lee traitor to the USA  to George Washington.  What an asso.
You really want McConnell's buddy? Trying to stack the deck against yourself?

