Snap out of it Donald. The GOP Senate bill reduces Medicaid funding by $772 billion, which would cause enrollment to fall by 16%. Fall DOWN.
Stop acting like this some kind of shi*ty Trump really show. 
THIS IS NOT A GAME!
President Trump says a "big surprise" is coming re: health care, but doesn't elaborate http://cnn.it/2tpKl4g  
Donald, what part of "your new healthcare bill is garbage" do you not get? All you want is to be remembered as the guy who killed obamacare.
But you haven't provided a replacement that is worth a lick. It's not just Democrats. Listen to your own people who think this all stinks.
Maybe it's trolls on twitter who think they're actors but have less followers than a parody account!
Or maybe it's concerned citizens who actually care about their country.
The concerned citizens are the ones who voted TRUMP
Most people voted against you, Mr. President. Your margin of Electoral College votes was only average, and few attended inauguration. Sad!
Why are you not tweeting the comparison? Because it shows BCRA is actually cutting Medicaid funding.
You can tell Trump has spent the past hour on the toilet squeezing out a few cheetoes based on his twitter activity
If we pretend inflation doesn't exist or that inflation for medical expenditures isn't way higher than the consumer price index, yeah
You lie, can't believe you
lol, you make this chart yourself? Doesn't matter though does it, you know your supporters will believe it. Sad. Scary!
lies
Right. Like I believe your stupid charts.
#FakeNews
That's because the democratic leadership is a bunch of corrupt establishment politicians. We need to DRAIN THE SWAMP!
They lie, manipulate, and use their contacts in media and intelligence to advance their self serving agenda. No more!
The sooner you realize his chart doesn't have a "current spending" line the less you'll look uninformed.
CBO says 22 mil will lose insur SCAM! You mean 22 mil not forced by law to purchase Obamacare will be free to choose! Poor still provided 4!
Lying Donald Trump. Let's Do The Timewarp Again.
So the COB lied?
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 6 Months, 22 Days, 19 Hours, 33 Minutes, and 33 Seconds
You forgot to add 4 more years to that
Why do you lie??
Democratic Party is over
Where's the rest of the chart?  Do you really know anything about Health Care?
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @msnbc Donny #trump and 'tweeters', of course it goes up. Idiots! More people covered. #everybody #idiocracy #MSNBC
Fake news Trump.. You hypocrite.. Besides, if you made it, where are the Crayon marks?
And that makes your shit show of a bill okay?
Take it from America's most trusted mathematician, Donald Trump.
Listen to the comedian about who to listen to for math.
Because you never purposely misstate things.
Because that's all they do. But it's called lying. #DrainTheSwamp
How do Libs even function? They live in a fantasy land.

EVERYBODY WATCH THE HELL OUT FOR FAKE ZAK WHO IS FAKE NEWS!!!
LIES! You are a very sad little man.
You're a disgusting liar. What about all the veterans who will be adversely impacted by your "mean" healthcare bill?

Only if states allow it!
the CBO is supposedly nonpartisan if not get some who are
This is why you need to do a Prime time speech and explain what the #MSM won't tell the people
By forcing Obama Care on us, Dems were paving way for one payer system. The Dem elites knew from the beginning that OCare was unsustainable.

CNN Producer BUSTED Admitting ‘Trump Russia Story Is Mostly BS’  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HL86QNNSSSA … 
THE REPUBLICANS DIDN'T LIKE THE CUTS TO MEDICAID EITHER! AND IT WAS REPUBLICANS THAT STOPPED YOUR BILL! GET IT RIGHT FOOL!!
Wow the CBO is so dumb. Wonder why they came to the conclusion that says otherwise.
I am 58, disabled. I have Medicaid. I trust you to continue my medical care that I can't afford myself. Dems-rabid dogs
Oh here's graph that proves your lying. RESIGN traitor
Imagine the good you could do if you weren't such a liar, so tragically insecure, and uncurious.
- I know...sigh. But, alas .. it's too late. His time expired 1/20/17.
are you really this dumb? 

it's mind boggling donald 

u can't sell shit and say its silk - anymore

no one believes you 

about anything
Do          Know       How      To     Use    The     Space       Bar
I like her creative tweeting do you have a problem with her creativity dude??
16 Best healthcare systems in world and US not there.  Surprise, not
I don't need socialist medicine,  I can pay my own way
These are a couple of things that aren't mentioned much either.
The pic you posted about savings says biggest savings will come from 26% reduction in spending on Medicaid. Aka cuts to Medicaid.
Cuts in growth of, perhaps.
Perhaps, but he is saying spending on Medicaid goes up. That's not what CBO says.
Current spending: $50
Current law: $100 in 2025
New law: $80 in 2025
CBO: $20 cut.
But if private insurance market is saved a lot of the able bodied people can get insurance there. Must see whole pic before analysis made
Look, I get that you think your supporters are morons, but don't you feel the SLIGHTEST bit bad lying to them?
That's a lot to expect from a cry baby when doesn't get praise he thinks he deserves. Do you really think he'd alienate the only ones left?
Democrats purposely misstated Medicaid under new Senate bill - actually goes up. ...
Both parties just full of liars. Drain that swamp
Yeah, this was sent 8/28.
#shenanigans
Looks like fake graph to me!  Did it take you long to plot your fake data?
You must be referring to AL Gores fake climate change that ripped off millions of Americans
You are delusional @Tech01Audio!  Lmao
Is that an alternative fact?
#Trump lies too often to trust. Prevented #Syria chemical attack??? Nah, you are probably making that up as well
I've been wondering if he revealed any secret surveillance with that tweet. As in, NSA knew but wasn't telling Syria yet. Have you heard?
Who can tell at this point with Putin owning @realDonaldTrump #Russians probably have our secrets - we don't
From a Trump tweet!
I just love how people with NO access to WH or their talks always think they know what's going on better than the WH people!
President Trump thank you for your service. Without you telling us what is really happening we would never know. MSM won't be honest.
You need lessons in math and civics....
LIAR!

That's Obamacare!!!
I know it sounds mean but folks need to pay their own way, no more government interference. Cut it off.
You libitards are really BAD at simple math.  POTUS is correct in stating that $$ increases for Medicaid, just not as FAST as Dems wanted.
@Autarkh, you're amazing! Thank you!!!!
I don't want health insurance, I would like more"Quick Cares", and Health savings acct.
Trump is a lot smarter than your average politician.  Why he was elected!!  Go get em big boy!!
That's an outright lie
Liar
Persons who keep themselves healthy with activity and wellness methods may buy into insurance if these expenses were paid and reimbursable.
FEAR NOT!!! 
TRUMP T=TRUMP R=RUNS U=UNDER M=MARY'S P=PROTECTION
Our Lady's Peace Plan, Over Atheistic Communism...Family Rosary
Medicaid is a tax we pay for! Idiot!
That was probably an accidental misstatement by them. It's not as if they lie about almost EVERYTHING. I hope they burn in hell
Considering the Democrats have said nothing, you have once again been caught in a lie. Your chart is upside down.
#SinglePayer
No, because even your GOP senators were saying it was very bad for children and seniors!
hmmm so 22 million people loose insurance while Medicaid goes up?  Great deal Donny- pay more and get less!!!
They lie about everything. It's the Saul Alinsky "By any means necessary"... ..
Liar and chief we never believe you. your pathological lies get worse and worse. You are a filthy ridiculous joke and not a real president
Why can't the American people get the same healthcare as our elected officials?
What about Medicare and Medicaid ?
This is bullshit.
There you go, giving us FAKE info again.  Did you even read the thing??????
What a fraud you are! So sad for America with grubby you in chage!
Dems should be ashamed of themselves but they are to bussy hating instead of doing whats right for America @HouseDemocrats will loose seats
@realDonaldTrump Go back to the drawing board and be transparent include women and @SenateDems
More FAKE NEWS out of the WH. Grow up and resign.
they forgot to flip the chart upside down! Stupid snowflakes! #MAGA #Trump
lie
Liar 
Did someone give you a fake chart? Bad stats = bad president!
YOU ARE CUTTING MEDICAID KILLING PEOPLE WHO CAN'T AFFORD PRIVATE HEALTH INSURANCE! SAYING GOING BACK TO WHEN It FIRST STARTED IS BULLCRAP!
Trying 2 give @realDonaldTrump benefit of the doubt. Would SOMEONE on staff PLEASE explain all of this to him? #Lie vs. #Ignorance? #NOBCRA
We are sick and tired of paying for those who can pay for themselves. Let them pay for their own insurance.
oh the continuous lies!  It's getting boring.  No one believes a single word you say.
The old less than inflation increase is a cut theory! Wish my company had to pay me under those terms!!!
The spending rate of increase would decline under proposed bill...that is a cut.  You are clueless and full of crap.
Liar LIAR LIAR
Thank heavens you labeled the plot area for us
Did you watch that on Faux Noise Lord Cheeto? How do your tiny hands manage to hold the remote? Just curious. #Resistance #Lockhimup
O'CONNELL REPLACED COMMITTEE DEM MEMBERS W/ HAND PICKED GOP 2 SLIME BILL THROUGH BECAUSE A TIE WOULD LEGALLY KILL THE BILL. NOT DONE BRFORE
fake news.
No behavior is too horrible for you, is it? Have YOU read it? Do you know HOW to read? What grade-level is your comprehension? Liar.
so did repubs..rand Paul said medicaid cuts
if medicaid is not done like CA and MA disabled will die
CBO just goes out 10 yrs. Try again.
more #FAKE B.S. from the Liar in chief
CBO says NOT
Lol...that's what your lying Senators told you!..lol
Thanks for discussing @RepealObamaCare with @SenRandPauI  . That's what we were promised & not the establishments repeal & replace.
wanna say that under oath?
 pants On fire
Costs going up is not good.... Allocations are going down. Who will pay the difference?
I don't even think you know when you lie since you do it so often and with such casual disregard. It must be scary as hell inside your head
I think you are a financial analyzerand know how to operate the costs in lower levels; peopke in Stares shouks admirre for such a president.
... unlike your approval rating 
Yet you are getting rid of it.
What happens when you mis-stated your secret plan to defeat isis? How about your tax returns? How about you will be to busy to golf. Liar
it wasn't just the Dems that were concerned there are plenty of Republicans who are concerned also
Lie
So tired of the left.  Don't give up, Pres. Trump.  Most people are too busy working to tweet.  Trust me.  Many are supporting you!
...Care Act’s (ACA’s) subsidies for nongroup health insurance. Those savings would be partially offset by the effects of other changes to...
You've been Trumped. Get over it
If you are saying it, it has to be BOLLOCKS as our British friends would say. You're the most despicable & deplorable person in the USA!!!
I knew that. Schumer rarely supports truth. He makes it up as he goes. Whatever makes the GOP looks bad, that's what he'll say.
Increase will not meet demand. It is a cut dummy
Please, Put this info on TV. Will give demons-crap stomach ache. And pple will start to open their eyes about lies FAKE New and dems saying.
source?  citations Donald...you need citations
#AHCA #TrumpCare #GOPTraitors
Fix Social Security also please
No misstating here.  You just LIE.  About everything.  Sad.
ANYONE can make a chart.
GOP bill cut #Medicaide expansion 400% FPL $99,000 to 350% $85,000 family of 4, Is catastrophe health insurance unaffordable? #TruthMatters
between you & anyone else; I wld trust the other party to speak honestly. Ur a habitual liar; untrustworthy!
Overall, it goes up because population increases. But the amount per person will go down so less coverage as you age. Just when you need it
Try to understand that a 400lb psychopath in the White House can have this chart created. No mention on where that chart originated from-SAD
Your day is going to come at the hands of congress or the voters...#DumpTrump
You and congressional gop all lie like old dogs on the porch in summer
Keep trying to fool the American people with your lies.  We will always fight for the truth. We will always fight for what is right.
All these people complaining are just used to Obama's free handouts. They think they are entitled to everything... Unsustainable practices !
obamacare is nothing but a medicaid scam! REPEAL!!! PERIOD!!! Let the states take care of thier own medicaid they know how, congress doesn't
More Fake News from Orange Duce.
You are such a good Christian,here are words to live by"May he rule thy people with justice, and thy poor with equity." Psalm 71-2. ARE YOU?
that is the biggest complaint I keep hearing is people will lose medicaid and medicare. Do live tv broadcast, explain it to USA.
FAKE NEWS
source for your graph? or was this made by the same photoshop dude with your FAKE Time magazine cover?? #gettoworkdumbass
You're doing the misstating-it may be going up but it will be $800 billion lower than under current law.  Stop lying. #LyingPOTUS
Liar! The CBO report says spending will go down by 26% the first decade, and 35% the second decade.
Stop with the lies.
Liar liar see-through tennis shorts on 
Repubs are also against the changes my dude. Stop being such a liar
This is a joke. You are the President of the USA you are here to look after our interests. Not your political Bull!  Tell us the truth
You didn't show the graph for 2027. We don't want GOP puttting more on credit card, like W.
Liar
you are a biz person, so u shld see the fallacy of your interp of chart.  why will 32m  lose coverage?  now look again at trend line
menstrailphobic trump is making america garbage again
You know nothing of this bill or any bill.  Worse,  you couldn't comprehend if you did read it. Malignant narcissist
Yeah because people will have no insurance.
'Trumpcare' is no health insurance options for the majority of Americans so that Medicaid and Medicare will have to expand to cover more ppl
Does not go up dummy Donald
Little donny, didn't your daddy teach you not to lie?  Oh, I forgot, he hated you just like everyone else does...so no he didn't.
Trump continues to LIE! He will not get away with it.
Your lying continues.
Need not worry about what dems think.
The CBO is mostly speculation. Look at how it was worded
Anyone can make a fake graphic.  Just check out your Times Cover pic.
Hello ... pot calling the kettle black??? @POTUS, you are the KING of misleading - lying to - the people! #ImpeachTrump #Liar
"Democrats" didn't misstate anything. The CBO is bi-partisan. YOU are the one misstating everything. Resign. Get the hell out of our house.

how does that compare to military spending?
