No it looked more beautiful here
Stop drinking the cool aid!
Dang that made no sense.... kinda like how someone can support trump
24th August 1814, that's when it looked the best.
The White House used to be beautiful but then you came and filled it with HATE, But we will get it back soon!
Oh my lord, LIB losers everywhere tonite.
What is your plan for Puerto Rico?
Talk to Puerto Rico State Grov't  in debt and Demoidiots!!!!
Meetingd, talking, all words...no action.
LMAO LIBS, JEALOUS LIBS.
remember when you called it a dump?
Meant obummer.
Keep it up Pres. Trump, I for one, am getting sick & tired of the Socialist Liberal, anti-God, un-American crap going on, NFL & NBA SUCKS
You are a Russian bot Sergei. He's not your president. Worry about Putin
you realize you've done nothing as a president, right? Except breed here
What a loser dude, obviously you are ignorant as he'll.
how is Russia this time of year?

start packing
Keep dreaming!
Identify what’s attached to the Tax Bill please!
Obviously, it probably was gorgeous as soon as you left
It looked nicer when obama was inside
& why he did that because their death will be no justice,
POLICE are getting with murder'let some 1 kill your kids you'll do the same thing
.@POTUS It looked far more beautiful every day .@BarackObama & .@MichelleObama lived there but especially the day of #SCOTUS decision.
That rainbow white house is an abomination to all nations. Obama is gay and Michelle is a man. That's why they did it. They lied to everyone!
Still trying to make up for that "dump" comment aren't we? Man, you sure know how to "step in it"
So sad,  my prayers go out to you.....
Is this another broken promise?  You haven't done a thing since you've been there.  Bad. Not good.
OMG.......
Praying for you President Trump and love you with all my heart.  You are sent to us from the Lord.  You are a wonderful man and the finest President.  Blessings and love
What's going on in Puerto Rico?
You mean the estate taxes????
I'll bet it looks better when Melainia is naked and spread eagle on your bed....
#WorstPresidentEver
You know what racist is? It’s you- throwing supplies into the crowd like a master to the slaves
great mr president .....god blessing america....
Anti Christ trumpet
You are a fucking disgrace to this nation!
yea for the rich. you know donald poor people arent stupid we value more than money its called integrity and money doesnt buy that.
It was more beautiful when you weren’t in it
You mean that dump you previously quoted. That $$ 2 could have gone to our poor Americans who need more than your once again selfish needs!
Screw your tax cuts clown.
I'm sorry, I thought you thought it was a dump
Where were you this time, jack hole? Golfing?
It's embarrassing how an issue like this has lasted this long in the news. The NFL needs to remove the National Anthem- they lost the priv.
And I don't mean Hillary.Shes done alot of things I like also. U see,there doesn't always have to be a bad guy. ..Sorry Trump
He's done alot more than u relize. He's drained some of the sludge from the swamp. If u knew what all he's done ,us be thanking him.
The same WH you called a dump? Good thing u won't be stuck there much longer if Mueller has NEthing 2do w/it. From the WH 2 the Big House..
It is your castle and you deserve to be there. Thank you @POTUS
You fled, you are the son of the weak
Got all the Black off huh?
Shame,Shame, Shame on y'all. All this hate! Gotta go.
I think so too!  I think people are going to be surprised.There are bad,bad,bad things going on that need to be cleaned up.
Oh well,gits sounded better anyway.my bad.......,..
Glad to see somebody else has the gits to jump in there. To thebradfordfile
There u go!- to Nightmare.  Anybody else????
You have done nothing but run your mouth!

Here's a handy guide to how your taxes will go up, unless you make more than $471k. #PayTheirFareShare 
Yeah, looks beautiful for a "dump" huh? You are not fit to step foot in this hallowed building. Stop trying to divide this country. #loser
Quit
No tax reform until you show Americans your taxes
First i like america very much later i realised that was because of "Obama",still love  him, least don't stop the good things started by him
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtY9OtQ5vE8&t=43s …

Puerto Rico!
But the orange stench is unbearable.
You called it a dump.
It returned?  Where had it been?
for the RICH
@BarackObama look better in the White House
hi Trump nice to meet u
Tax cuts for the rich, same or more taxes for everyone else. Glad someone gets to profit

Secretary Price needs some reforming:

It’ll look even better when you leave forever from it!
Yeah for the rich!
Thank you for your dedication and hard work. God Bless America 
It looks great....when you are not there 
GOOD LUCK I HOPE ALL WILL VOTE  POSITIVELY.
You are an awesome President. Giving us relief from high taxes.

Did it look 20-years-old with fake tits?  I know that's your jam.

You don't pay any taxes now.
...followed by a UUUUUGE recession. Believe Me.
Why trust lies of a President who is hiding something so big, he won't release his taxes? How does elim of inheritance tax help middle class
Where did the White House return from? Was it visiting Moscow?
So.. WH is not a dump now?
If you don't like Trump stop following him. I didn't like Obama but didn't stir up trouble and I still gave him respect.
I wish you were not a doll that always does the orders . 
What is your problem with Iran and .... these countries ??
It looked better with Obama inside of it
The 1% must love you so much. Shame the rest of the world benefits nothing from the tax cuts
Let's emphasize more with help of the entire Puerto Rico , then with what the White House looked like.
Cut tax spending on NFL
How big are the text cuts?
I can't wait to see it at Christmas when Mrs Trump overseas the decorating
If Jared wasn't your SIL would you be dating her?  #voterfraudisindawhitehouse
Rich mans tax cut
You are just so full of shit. The White House has never been home to such a dangerous criminal and his cronies. #sad
相信特朗普总统一定会把美利坚合众国带到另一个高度，作为一个中华人民共和国公民，祝贺你！
You called this place a dump!
For the Rich don't Bull Shit....
I thought you said it was a dump?
Make up your mind you vacillate with each firing of your pseudomonas nerve impulse.
spending more tax money to fly to New York just to eat.
Dumb donnie if you have the votes, THEN VOTE!! @jeffsessions @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOP @johnmccain2016
You really have no clue what your talking about. At this point, I feel you say crap as you think of it.
It actually has looked more beautiful. When you and your corrupt ass family weren't in it.
#HURRICANEMARIARELIEF
Huh?  I thought you said it was a dump?  Oh, you mean now that you're in there...#DumpTrump
Strange for you to call it a dump.  Maybe the black guy still had some belongings
The art of saying nothing in one tweet
That "dump"?
It will look better if your family wasnt there #notmypresident
I just hope the tax cuts are for people other than multi millionaires, politicians and corporations.
Tax cuts for rich I’m guessing

Ya mean the beautiful dump?
this is nice
Your voters are misinformed. You are getting rid of alt min tax that directly benefits YOU the estate tax also benefits YOU and the rich!

I think you meant. More savings for the rich and powerful. Less money for our  poor and middle class  and our important social programs.
Looks like Zak here is another paid bot for Trump time to get him removed folks report and block
You mines the same WH you referred to as a "Dump" how disrespectful is that! Your hypocrisy has no bounds
Looking forward to viewing an All American Christmas at the White House.
For the rich.
You called it a dump. What changed?
It looked a lot more beautiful when a real President was in it 
Not bad for "a Dump" eh Donny?  Talk about Gypsies int he Palace - you are a classless snake-oil salesman who doesn't deserve to be there.
Tax reform #1 my children are not a tax credit!
Fraud of a man.
Really I thought that place was a "real dump"? Or is that just once you enter the building?
Keep up the good work Mr. President!
I bet the White House looks much better without all the POS's inside it
Yeah, the biggest cuts for the wealthiest.....sad
click-
It would look more beautiful if there was a real POTUS in there, not a deranged, deluded lunatic like you, Mr. Trumparse!
Yeah! and all those big tax cuts are for fat cats like you. Fix ACA & expand to all states, help PR and US Virgin Islands. Do your job.
pls what's the exact time of the tax reform meeting

Watch this if you think #TakeAKnee protests are 'disrespecting the flag' 
White House is beautiful when you are not there
May you be successful in all you do today. MAGA
Didn't you say it looked like a dump?
You can't pass shit because you don't know shit and you definitely don't have a clue on how to lead the country. #byetrump #bringbackobama
Big tax cuts for your elite rich friends and yourself so get it right at telling where they tax breaks are going. Pay your debt asshole!
Yeah, but will Congress or the Senate pass it.  So far u have been batting ZERO!
Great- more crap legislation to pander
Oh, I thought it was a "dump"! #TrumpResign
No you are going to lose again! No tax cuts for the rich Bozo
Haha yeah right. Won't pass
Who cares!!!  Yeah Obama Care!!!!
Trying to butter up the kochs? They mad that #Trumpcare is a #failure ? But you're  the ultimate negotiatior no? #missionfailed
The White House can’t say the same
For your rich friends
