This is beyond disgusting.  From the choir of the First Baptist Church of Dallas.  Crazy!!
i'm the extremely shitty bitrate video, ready for the post net neutrality world
@NatKatJ never forget
why would you remind me of this
because you need to suffer
#HappyIndependenceDay  #July4 #USA ...
REALLY... respect for the anthem? As long as it is your own. Hypocritical bully.
I'm not often rendered speechless....
Even saying " Happy independence day" is met by derision by Trumps detectors! The left is sick!
@dtrumpnation  I missed this and perhaps you did too. Beautiful song.
My bad... My apologies to Gary Moore, Composer... There are lyrics! But mine represent the facts behind the alternative facts.
Stanz 4
White Americans are made to be free, 
By Blacks and women as property, 
Oh, to serve and honor white men, 
Make America GREAT Again!
Inspired by hypocrisy and people "made comfortable" with their racist, sexist, prejudices.
Stanza 3
Make America GREAT again. 
Be liberal with your hate again! 
It's the fate of the white man, 
To make America GREAT again!
Ch
God blessed America with the white race, 
To scrub color from its face. 
Great America cannot hide, 
The glory & pride, of its Genocide!
Stanza 2
Make America right again! 
Keep America white, my friend. 
Keep the white man on the top, 
Make America GREAT by cop!
Stanza 1
Make America GREAT Again, 
Where no black or woman can win! 
Raise the flag for only white men. 
Make America GREAT again!
Why is the MAGA band overwhelmingly white and male? I can't imagine that the lyric to the melody could be much different.
d n
Morons! Grow up! You don´t believe in a religion if you´re over 14, obviously!
Ex
Jesus Christ the amount of embarrasment is extremely high
Mr President talk to Rand Paul about health insurance ask him about the insurance 1dollar a day Americans could have the greatest insurance
Seriously. As a working musician, there isn't enough money in the world to persuade me to take a lame-ass gig like this.
U
is very importante to came to congo
Start with a good choir. Sounds like ruckus. What is that the white house staff?
Healthcare you care about the rich an not the seniors that helped keep the country free, how dare you
Creepy Stepford Only lines are make America great again! Wow! How embarrassing!
"Make America White Agaaain"




Please Repeal Obamacare. Then replace in a fiscally conservative way
Embarrassing.
Seriously, what the heck is wrong with you?
HAY D.T... WHAT ÏŞ THE DEAL??? U HAD BETTER START GIVING WE ABORIGINAL INDIGENOUS, WHAT WAS PROMISED UNDER CONTRACT. BREECH OF CONTRACT.
you are the best Donald J. Trump..
That is so magic.
WTF is this? Propaganda video? What is that pathetic song?  Propaganda song? You're stepping WAY out of bounds on this bullshit. RussiaGate!
They all look the exact same >.<

Interesting, not one minority is seen here.
Pretty sure he only tweeted it because he saw the TRUMPets in the thumbnail
PARABÉNS EUA Q SOUBERAM ESCOLHER SEU PRESIDENTE!!!
Creepy.
More like "Make America White Again" Trump you are a sick man someone put him in a mental hospital


... America WAS great until January 20th.
Beautiful -
Looks like there are no non-white people in this Grate America.
@_jackkelleher I think Goebbels would be disappointed in this - musically unsatisfying and the choir/brass section are hopeless
Agreed. He desperately wants to be a Banana Republic dictator - even wanted military parades at his inaug. - he's just not very good at it
OMG I gonna puke!!!
Was every person in that group white?! Was there no diversity by race & religion? Might as well have been singing "Make America White Again"
This is painfully reminiscent of when Hitler changed the German anthem from 'Das Deutschlandlied' to 'Horst Wessel Lied'!

The mother of my kids is doing drugs around my kids and mistreating them.
Make America great again with 19% of the people! ,  Incredible!  Take advantage of it  while you can! It will be our next turn!
Happy independence day.
OMG, sounds like a cult!  He's turned America into some kind of cult.....don't drink his koolaid!!
I'm ashamed of my country's future  #ISTILLWANTHILLARY

Impeach Ivanka.
Yes, happy Independence Day, when some of your supporters mistook NPR reciting the Declaration as inciting revolution.
Happy Holidays!
May God always bless our Sacred Country as we have been forever Honored to be American Citizens a true Gift of a LIFETIME
That song sucks! America was better when you took over and now it's declining from greatness to craziness!! Please step down!
To God Be The Glory!! Great Job !!
FANTASTIC!  #MAGA 

SO GLAD to hear Patriotic songs AGAIN!

'This Is MY Country' >>NOT SUNG due to OFFENDING ILLEGALS!!!  
YEA!! ILLEGALS!!
This song makes me sick. Stick to our national anthem. Not a song promoting you!!
Good speech good idea more help for more VETERANS
A new video from Nazi Germany? Oh wait, it's America.
Happy day back at you and your family Mr. President
Praise the Lord Sir Jesus is with you go ahead regards. Rev Raghu Jesus Resurrection Ministries Trust hospet Karnataka India 009845737953
I found a better arrangement:
i like you! trump
Oh sweet Jesus
RwEWResssuikuj
donald başkanım çok güzel bir müzik çalışması olmuş
How can we get rid of Obama We must find a way
New National Anthem? MAGA?  Oh dear!!
#FakePresident   Of course you post something by a bigot church!
Would love to Share on Facebook. Also get the words. Any1 kno how?
Great sentiment. We need to make America great again, the way it was before Putin's puppet, aka @realDonaldTrump became president.
I like.
great
So borinf
My ears are bleeding!
HAPPY COUNTRY WITH AN EMBARRASSMENT FOR A LEADER DAY. #unsuccessful
If you only had an indendent mind #RussianPuppet
My daughter is being raped she's only seven years old and you're not doing nothing about it
What bull sh#t!! You are just not a true American. You love you too much!!

God bless you Mr. President.
Do your damned job instead of playing around with this shite! What the hell is wrong with you???
Propaganda
President Trump :) Can we make medical insurance companies non-profit? Lowers all costs!
Cried. Touched my heart.
OMG!! This is so very wrong in so many ways!!
What do you know about independence.  U didn't even know what the civil war was about
#presidentialenough
Maggot day?
here's a good word: 씨발 트럼프 sounds like north korea.
My god, that is so weird and embarrassing. Tasteless! Soulless! Sad!
When I win an Olympic gold medal, I want this played instead the national anthem.
Hhow is that sinkhole going for you? Good for business?
Playing an unpatriotic song
A bit cynical:  meeting with you Russian boss on the day #USA used to celebrate freedom.
A Little Touch of Reagan
How much money did you get from them?
How DARE you make the 4th of July about YOU!!
UR self centered & Un-American--#notmypresident #Resist
Most presidents: visit veterans on the fourth trump: plays golf and posts a shitty twitter video
The feller with the hair and creepy prosperity minister smile at the end. Save us Mueller! SAVE US!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What the hell is this? I'm blinded by the white! This is dictator creep out! Make America Smart Again. Dump this turd.
disgusting
بري قود امركاء
happy day
And we plan on keeping our independence! Separate from Russia!
Why does this sound like a song from North Korea??..........
All white. Whoa.
Oh, Dear Lord, this looks exactly like the North Korean concert held in April 2017!
when will someone dub Springtime For Hitler onto this vid? #expose #racism #WHITEsupremacist
OY


CNN On Brink Of Collapse: Audience Numbers ‘Lowest Ever’ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HN0zvhLT7sY … 
Mr Trump do not give back to Putin the consulates. You should do more. Make us proud
What's wrong with you? Independence day is not about YOU. I know you believe EVERYTHING is about you but really?
happy Independence day Mr.President.

The most lame-a** performance ever! Crappy song, performed by a crappy all-white bunch of Bible-thumpers. Real musicians won't play for you.
When do you start?
They can't even sing well.
How does bashing Americans on Foriegn soil, make America great again?

I'm American as apple pie but this is just embarrassing.
Wtf?
really sick, just shows how self centered you are. America will only be great again after you are no longer president.
She was not at all happy with Trumps 4th of July crap!
Oh puke! The best way to make America great is to get rid of 45 and his fascist government.

I think this chorus would be greater if there were a few faces of other races......just saying....
where start US has anthem already Sep church & state monomaniacal narcissism stupidity... #MAGAIMPEACH Please #MakeAmericaGreatAgainIMPEACH
You are a pitiful man-child. Is there a reason it's not a video of the National Anthem? Cause that's not it, in case youy were wondering
Full of only WHITE PEOPLE! RACIST!
How repulsive.  What happened to the Star Spangled Banner?
