You're not that popular in OH, just saying
Ohio was a win, win....just saying
That was 7 months ago... people are starting to wake up.
The country woke up when Donald trump won the election. Get over it 


#tяump is a cheap liar & will be out very soon and that is taking our country back.
Keep dreaming Louiis.                                             TRUMP 2020
Russian bots aren't voters... Wait a minute... maybe they are now. That would explain how you became President. #fakeleader
It's the D&C who is in bed with Russians Ukraine uranium change the channel on your news you're brainwashed
Oh  honey... no. 
Just... no.
Stop while you're... nevermind.
@ the endless malapropisms, bad math, mangling of English, & self-hating projection from #TrumpsAmeriKKKa
A sitting president has to hold rallies to consolidate his "power". How very telling, Orange 45!
I got truth.  I am a people and he is not my man. He's embarrassing and frankly not very bright.
You really aren't that popular.
wow Pam @PCooknewsKTVU  U seems so happy the stock market has some loss U seem 2 want the colaps of the stock market
Happy for a stock market collapse?!?  Are you kidding?
You DO realize that your base doesn't constitute the entire US right? You were elected to be the prez of ALL Americans. Start acting like it
Change the source of your news expand your mind you're brainwashed
I'm questioning a president who has yet to do much more than sign questionable EOs and waste millions golfing and I'm the one brainwashed?
Are you open to the idea that he might actually do something good for America if he were given the chance?
Been open to the idea since inauguration day, but the guy refuses to see anyone outside his base as American...just cares about his own ego.
Is there shame in someone considering themselves the hero in their own story? As long as he does right by America, does it really matter?
That is the entire point I'm making. The only America he cares for consists of his base. Not part of that base? Then you're the enemy.
Doesn't matter what affiliation he had before, he's exclusively playing to the people that elected him, the rest of america be damned.
So true, Mr President
FYI, they disconnect our msgs from DTs thread @AnnCoulter another Trumplican for you for 2018.
Thx. What are you saying to Ann?
I was telling her even though I don't know her she does not know me that you support Trump's agenda. Hopefully she ll see one of these msgs
@seanhannity. Please see @PresWallace. Running in Virginia for 2018 area code 757.
Thanks Ms. Christine! I am running for U.S Senate to replace Kommie Kaine.
RT> #MSM can NOT contain us in their FAKE POLLS!
Keep the #TrumpTrain growing and supporting @realDonaldTrump!

Follow each other and #MAGA #Trump2020 & RT
I support #Trump %

Mussolini had big rallies and look where it got him! Of course, you know so little history you probably think Mussolini was an Italian dish.
We LOVE YOU Mr. President Trump !!
Oh Mr. Trump, you are so wrong.  I voted for you but would not do so in future elections.  Arrogant, belligerent and nasty
He's always been arrogant, belligerent & nasty. This was fully evident long before the election.
As opposed to Hilary Clinton?  I voted against liberal policies

LMK when in OH.  We'll do brunch.
The haters dispised followers. Trump's followers laugh at the polls and the haters. In Florida now and Trump still is boss.
Wishful thinking. He's done. And all by his own doing.
We haven't scrubbed the greasy pan just yet. Trump may be the winner in last Man standing. Not saying won't be blood and bruses.
We don't even listen to the stinking fake news anymore, and that includes Fox too now.
you must be so proud
Seriously?  I'm a Republican.  Do we really need to be debating the media with all the stuff going on in the country and the world?

Approval ratings dropping, followers figuring out you're a phony
Don't ever trust Poll - Trump won - remember? #Maga
Lib bias media is a bully pulpit! They keep putting out fake & slanted polls thinking they matter 
TheyAreIrrelevant
@DonnaRo86165010
Yes it is, for those that doubt it you clearly do not have any common sense. #MAGA
To be honest, I truly believe there are way more followers for you than there are for the left! MSM smoke and mirrors. Thanks Mr. President!
Love what your doing for this country, Mr President! Keep it up.
Thank you for your devotion to all Americans.
@MarcelThorn Here’s one better look at the democrats using every play in the book to keep themselves from exposure
We found your Base you speak of, the ones who keep Polls above 20% & we couldn't understand bc normal ppl don't have friends like this #KKK
I know soooo many people that are HUGEEE Trump supporters and will never tell. But there are wayyy more out there than they know!
Charlottesville???
Shut up already #elpresidenté
And don't forget ALASKA - we just need to replace @lisamurkowski  with someone who actually REPRESENTS their constituents-hopefully soon!
the reason donald avoids the press is he cannot answer their questions. he is clueless. COWARD!
Quit the rallies.  Do your homework on health care, and work with Congress.  You expect to do nothing and have legislation handed to you.
Phony Fake News? How about Phony Fake President? America was already great
Keep having your rallies and golfing.....@MadDogMattis can handle the rest. Thank you!!!!
That's right, the crowds are getting bigger and better. I love my Pres. Trump
Exactly. We're still out here waiting to vote again.
We saw the true magnitude of your base in #Charolettesville and you keeping them strong by not calling them by name. #WhiteSupremacists
There was NO COLLUSION.

"It takes a worried man, to sing a worried song".
But instead of draining the swamp it appears the swamp is controlling the presidency?.
Exactly Donnie won't dare come to California! No one here to boost his arrogance here. What a pitty of a man. We miss you Barack!!
Absolutely #ISTANDWITHTRUMP
The good people of America are with you. We pray for you and your family. God Bless You.
The data do not support your assertion. But you have never cared about data https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/trump-approval-ratings/ …
Just stop tweeting about negative stuff. Actions speaks loads!  Learn the job and get it done as promised to your voters!!
We're behind you 110%
FO u Orange C
#IStandWithMyPresident Thank You
It can't all be fake. Get that through your rugged head.  You aren't some tragic figure the media is out to get. You bring this on yourself.
@realDonaldTrump we will stand with you. We will not be kept silent.  We are #MAGA. We believe in you.
solliciting admiration from anybody....45 statements are only trial balloons...mean nothing. Maybe this is indeed modern democracy....

Blah blah blah
Look at the rally in #Charolettesville ...
Just like before the election 
@pattonoswalt @TheGoodGodAbove @FullFrontalSamB and charlottsville!!

donald if you claim fake news is prevalent what keeps you from town hall meeting?
The evil violent left!
Gop
Trickle down theory
Tax code for the rich 
incompetence
nepotism
pilfering
lying
rape
molestation
pedophilia
tax evasion
steal from middle-class business
Treason
And, you know, Charlottesville, Virginia
Yes, just look at the turnout in Charlottesville.... Do you thank Bannon or Miller or was it a joint effort?
you are either deluded or delusional, or both,,,why are you still doing these campaign-style rallies? the election is over
...#Charlottesville ...
.... and Charlottesville 
and now #Charlottesville aren't you proud?
And Virginia.
You're a funny funny man.  Dangerous, but funny
Yes, all of the 30%! The rest of the population (70%) you don't even care about. So sad. President only for his base.
You do rallies in states you won, why don't you do  rallies in the states you lost?, see how strong your base is in those states
Yeah and look at the "rally" in Charlottesville.
Mr. Trump, President Trump There Has Been Terrorist Attack On U.S Soil Say Something/Do Something You Can Talk About N. KOREA SPEAK ON THIS
#wrong #puppet
Corrected: Trump base is more bigoted & stranger than ever be4 (despite Fake News polling). Look at rallies in PA, Iowa, OH, Charlottesville
Dr. Goebbels would be so proud of you!
AND CHARLOTTESVILLE, !!!!
Nationwide poll had you at 54% in Oklahoma. We don't have one county that votes blue. Probably about 80 something, really. Fake polls.
Yeah my 8-9 yr. old kids said, "you look like an orangutan with a gerbil on its head". Yeah real STROOONG base there 
Watch the people, not the polls
Let's not forget last night @UVA
#dumbass
Polls? We don't need no stinkin polls!  Nov. 8th, 2017
Look at the rallies! So big!  Be honest. You have rallies to stroke your ego and spread your fake news. Propaganda President
Anyone can impress family it is the rest of America he has to convince
#FAKENEWS
#TrumpsTroops are bigger then what anyone realizes...we got your back like you have ours
There called fake support. Just a bunch of ra ra to make the president feel good
Isn't Ohio in a state of emergency for drug abuse?
Trumphumpers are just as delusional as you are
Proof there are more lunatics per head than any other nation!
Sick to my stomach.
LOL!!!
*yawn*
Come on !!!!! LOL
Islam is anti America
Please stop the spread of muslim mosks in the US
On your side all the way. A California Deplorable. They haven't asked me yet.
The Trump ass is bigger and fatter than ever before. (The polls are right. The #FakePresident is failing) Look at him playing golf.......
Donals  love ...but...no guehi....ya...
Forget polls, they're toward Left. Keep working for us, you're doing great. Lazy Congress. #MAGA #TrumpTrain
#delusional
Rallies are for elections. Get to work.
Dear President Trump, When are you coming to Montana.
Show me one effort you are taking to bring America together?  You are just dividing America.  Stop lying, stop tweeting, start working.
I concur
Even a snake oil salesman can conjure a crowd.
Sieg heil!
Face it you are failing with a 34% approval rating. Doing the same thing and expecting different results?  Insanity.
Sad little man desperately wants us to know someone likes him.
I think your confusing you base with your ego.
Last time I checked there were more than 4 states in the Unites States of America.
Your approval rating says different
Trump may ne different, he may be brash,  & he may be impetuous. But his instincts are good and his programs right minded. Forget his money.
Stock market is taking a dive today, will you be accepting responsibility for that?
Rallies are ego trips and have nothing to do w/ being president or governing, something you don't know how to do.
They were paid to attend!!!
Christians are praying for you all around the world. In  China, In South Vietnam.  In Japan.  When a Christian dies, He goes Home with JESUS
Yes look at those rallies where u have gathered your ever shrinking base of uninformed citizens. Lowest ratings ever & still going down.

My god you are so childisch. The world is making fun about you. And so are we in the Netherlands. We make The Best Fun about you.
OMG do you ever quit rubbing yourself?
Why is a sitting President holding rallies?
Rallies are not the scientific samplings that polls are. If advisers unaware of statistics, fire them.
@DonnaRo86165010
Ah yes, your rallies.  How pathetic. How about having some "rallies" out here in California? Plenty of Trump Country out here.
But not the country
Your approval numbers have been in a steady decline since Putin & the electoral college appointed you but, you think your base is growing?
You can't/don't read books...So you don't read polls either? You're bombing out...
Ahh, using the same assessment approach as was used for the inauguration - rallies - again another example of bias - try a balanced approach

Vaping Jezus supports ya brotha!!
Right, tell me another one! Popularity ratings in the tank.
You're living in a dream world
@realdonaldtrump #disgrace #hitler #liar #fullofshit #smallhands #facist #traitor #clown #loser #impeach #resign #clueless #potus #criminal
Do an interview with @rolandsmartin what are you afraid of
Don't worry about the money the Democrats are not getting. They have plenty of Reserve iron. Don't sell them short. They get it all in 20..

I have the death star- winner!!
Interesting feed. This is one divided  country!

The problem with rallies is only supporters come.  Roll up your sleeves, go to the workplaces and stop surrounding yourself with only fans!
Ohio here. Let's Pass the Hat, see how many REALLY support you cuz I know MANY people, and perhaps 3 voted for you.  U R Fake News, sir.
The Trump base is NOT bigger & stronger than ever. Your ratings are in the tank #trumpfailsUSA
Yes, we know! Reading D'Souza's Big Lie,  awesome & explains the MSM games they are playing. We won't waste time/energy on #fakenews #MAGA
We shall see
K
Nope.
Maybe Cracks r starting to show. Approval sinking, support sinking Fake news proven true.Erosion happening. Thankfully, u will be gone soon.
Go to New York and California. See how much they like you there.
Only in your Fake Reality. 
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/08/09/trump-polls-base-polling-241425 …
U.S.
Trump hits new polling low as base shrinks
Politico
Why do you have rallies? #egoneedstroked #needstospreadlies #nopotusdoesthis
"Fake News" - Definition: anything published that does not agree with Trump uninformed preconceptions of reality or outright Trump lies.
Do you know how much they are paying people to go to these! Do your damn job and stop politicking !
Namaste
NO ones leaving this country that's a citizen, and those who think so are sadly mistaken. DO what you want, but b ready for PUSHBACK.
Don't put Ohio in this, we don't like you either. Js
We're very aware. Remember "I could shoot someone on 5th Avenue and not lose a single vote"? Looks like it came true..
Yeah we all can see that. You're fixated on your base & your base only so u can brainwash them to help support ur official move to dictator.
Dictators use propoganda to rally people with lies. Soon they will turn on you. They are patriotic if anything
Um no.....delusional!!!
Oh but talk to people on the street, you disappoint them greatly
You mean where you are spending tax dollars to try and increase your support base because you don't know how to lead?
So true
8k attend free Trump rally and he says he's best ever. 66k PAY to see Clev Browns football. They must have won Super Bowl.
Not according to your approval polls. So it must be fake news!
Mango Mussolini
I don't think you understand the meaning of the word "bigger".
No.
Go President Trump!!! Join the train RT if you think our @POTUS is doing awesome.
remember the news pollers are all based in NYC! none outside of NYC or LA
Yo @FCC these bots need to have #ad yes? Or #paid... @realDonaldTrump this member of the @GOP has and is calling for #impeachment
Hey coocoo pants.. Do you really believe what you say? I think you need a psych-eval. what is a matter with you? #stupidasshole
@omgbrookeberry Bran is the Night King.

I'm British so I might be missing something. Why is he holding rallies?
and your lovelies in Viginia..don't forget those morons..
Call them what they are. Nazis. Cut from the same beliefs as their WWII parents.
Why does an elected President still need to have rallies. You got the job, now do it! #stoptalking #blessyourheart #shuthimdown
Now we have all told lies, but when you tell them to yourself, time to be issued a butterfly net!!
You're A lazy and ignorant President. What a legacy to leave your children. History will not be kind to you. Have you thought about that?
How many of those people were paid to be there?
you are no more respected than Kim Un Jong
Completely untrue
I don’t understand, those that did not know you, now look at what you have done for “We the People”!  Why?  Did you like sending pallets of $ to Iran?
Speaking of stronger when are we going to see you out fishing with your shirt off like Vladimir
Thank You, Mr. President!! We pray for you, daily!! You are surrounded by hard working people ... strong Patriotic Americans like you!!!
Why the low approval rating?
don't forget Mr President, we the American people got your back!!! Keep up the good fight!!!
keep draining the swamp! The establishment is totally corrupt, you know it and we know it! Maga all the way!!!
#maga
Will be waiting on bingham island to welcome you home with my 3 dogs for trump!
Check your latest nomination for Homeland security's track record...erp!  
Yes sir, it is!
