He will never be reelected.  You know that, we all know that.  He likely won't make it past the looming midterm debacle.
This article must REALLY have yr panties bunched To send u on massive Twitter storm of useless rants
And we sure as hell can't afford a President who's made all his money stiffing people and declaring bankruptcy every time he turns around!!!
“Daycare Donnie” are you not equally offended by the fortunes made by BigPharms windfall with M’care Part D’s volume discount prohibitions?
We know that you don't understand what you are doing. We know you don't understand the health insurance sector. But you will screw it up!
The United States gradually died
BREAKING NEWS; Researchers across the globe are confirming they have located the worst person on the planet.
Insurance companies and pharmaceutical companies have been raking us over the coals for decades, time for some Payback!
Single payer is the only real solution to price gauging insurance co.s, push single payer and call it Trumpcare if it satisfies your ego

Thank God

Tick Tock @TheJusticeDept

Uranium One deal/$145M kickback to Clintons. Can we finally see some indictments for Obama Admin?

…
Now you are anti-business?? Mmmkay. I am surprised your "base" is keeping up with you, since you aren't really FOR anything except yourself.
#BreakShit Boss #MAGA
Stop tweeting and go read a freaking book, so your job or please just quit!!!

Okay than, Single Payer Healthcare, get rid of Insurance Companies Monopoly.
Isn't this circular logic? The world of #TrumpLies …
My President. Thank u Trump
But you said they were also going broke, did you not? It can’t be both!
omg are u seriously still tweeting? Don’t u have a f*cking job?!?
مش فاهم كيف
EVIL! YOU ended budget for ins. co. who LOWER rates, made it AFFORDABLE to low income families, you bragged co. shares fell in stock market!
CON FAMILY! How Ivanka Trump and Donald Trump, Jr., Avoided a Criminal Indictment!
Trust a LOSER like you? Show us your taxes, pay back what you stole from Americans in the last FOUR DECADES!
Sociopath! It was clear you LIED yesterday that you "knew" Dems and GOP working TOGETHER on HC bill even though you were "happy", now this?
DOTARD just don't get it
Who do you think you're kidding?  Your very small base maybe, but you're not fooling the rest of us, we know better! Just more BS & lies!
You are in a most worst situation, DOTARD. You made Millions by defrauding people and refusing to pay your debts!
As long as it don’t benefit the rich you don’t like it your plan isn’t any better it will triple costs and you know it the numbers don’t lie
The #MedicareForAll bill sounds like a good solution to all of this mess.

I thought you said you supported it yesterday?  Can’t understand or believe a word you say. Now that’s SAD!
Pushing the envelope much?
glad to see someone who likes @kendricklamar as much as i do.

Lamar? That’s @ChipChipperson’s muddas boyfriend!
Oh come on!  Are you serious?
Since when is it the fault of a company for wanting to make profits?
You are harming these big companies.  The trickle down effect will hurt all of Americans.  You Republicans keep talking about the "Trickle Down Effect".  This is a perfect example.  If you hurt these companies, you hurt America!
Record economy, + JOBS, illegal immigration , ISIS destroyed, Obamacare, business regulations rolled back, taxes to be lowered! MAGA 
But very supportive of gun manufacturers & @NRA who have made a fortune off of the death of thousands Americans. Quite the selective outrage
How about supporting the citizens?
I am supportive of Lamar as a person & also of the process, but I can never support bailing out ins co's who have made a fortune w/ O'Care.
You support no one but #DONALDTRUMP! You are a sick person!
And you LIED, You absolutely disrespected the memory of the Sergeant La David Johnson and hurt his widow & family!
You are a malignant racist and a reprehensible harbinger of division and chaos, You’re a stain on the human family and unfit for leadership.
This is how. " pastor" talks? Crazy liberals losing their minds!! Lol 
He is Pastor but not one lead by the Holy Spirit.
Condemnation of evil is always Spirit led! Read your Bible!
Pointing out and judging a PERSON is not the same as condemning a persons ACTS. We condemn no person I think that would be Bible 101

U know what u signed up for was taken out of context by a resist lawmaker. As a military family I’m appalled at the words she twisted.
Wrong. This is fake transcript  (news).
#25thAmendmentNow 
#TrumpResign 
#Liar 
#PaperPresident 
#MuellerTime 
#INDICTTRUMP 
#LockHimUp
Wow more crazy rhetoric. Maybe brush up on the constitution. That isnt how it works. You think he is unfit you are fit 4 a straight jacket.
His words and actions show that he is unfit. Needs to be removed before he kills millions either through war, health care, or deregulation.
Because you say so, the man who doesn’t understand the 25th amendment. Keep ranting.
I absolutely understand the 25th Amendment and understand that Trump is not fit to serve and uphold the Constitution.
You don’t understand & he is. He was voted in and hasn’t done anything to jeopardize the office of the President. You are just sore you lost
What the fuck are you talking about??
I love that you call him out every time 
kendrick?
Like some of the others, I was going with Odom
Hillary made millions selling US uranium to Putin. Now FBI has released info on how Russia laundered & bribed to make deal happen #LockHerUp
Love reading all these leftist lose their minds!! 
Good thing you stopped the bailouts  4insurance companies. If you reverse yourself you'll loss a major % of your supporters. Just saying.

#Election2020 #TheFutureIsComing
#Trump2020 Let's #MAGA 
VOTE @realDonaldTrump for @POTUS 
Hey sir, I believe you mean off the American people, ACA had nothing to do with, but reduce the amount the ins co could make!!
Then go to Single Payer.   Pretty simple
Your not bailing out the insurance companies you're subsidizing poor people who cannot afford insurance.
If you're taking away the subsidies then you must take away the mandate. Someone who makes $9,000 a year can't afford a $3,000 Ins plan.
If business hasn't got the brains to stay afloat, they should sink. Simples.
Lamar Alexander exemplifies #TheSwamp #TheSwamp his bailout of insurance companies is exactly what we won't tolerate anymore.
Here's an idea, LEARN a bit how health care and insurance actually works, then come back to us with an ACTUAL plan that does what u promused
Your deranged
Agree  %
I received an email to sign up for Trump Care . Is it legit ?
Give us single payer health care. It is something President. Obama couldn't do.
You were bailed out with every Bankruptcy, so what's the difference?
The whole premise of our healthcare system is built on profit. Still too complex for you? That is a problem. You can't kill people to fix it
In latest signal that the Affordable Care Act is still law, the IRS it is taking steps to enforce controversial provision: the tax penalty
You have no idea what you are doing, do you?
Their "fortune" lined their pockets with tax payer "subsidies".
Namo Namo sir ji
. Do you not see how you are hurting the people??? Force insurance companies to lower premiums and deductables!! Coverage for all!
I think that the Rich Insurance Industry & DirtyDems (ObamaAdmin) conspired to drive premiums up so far that a crash would occur Cc @potus
Stop the BS, you are hurting the working poor.
Hey Numbnuts, insurance companies were raping the American people long before Obamacare came on board. Can't blame it on the ACA.......
Are you referring to subsidies paid to the American people to aid in their healthcare?
That's not a bailout. You've only made it worse.
Ummm.... if they "made a fortune" why do they need "bailing out"?
Obamacare needs to be repealed. You and the rest of the republicans promised us.
Why not. Russian banks bailed you out when US banks wouldn't.
Insurance company profits went way down under the ACA. Is it too much for you to know what you are talking about? Sad! Resign please!
learn how to use freaking apostrophes. wtf is "co's" supposed to mean?
The subsidy is to help the insured person and to make the insurance company whole. It's kind of like the employer portion.
I thought you were all about raping others to line your own pockets? US taxpayers are tired of paying you millions of dollars to golf!
You realize you're paving the way for democrats to gain more footing on a single payer healthcare system, right?
You are bipolar. Get help.
Blither blither blither
You're a very uniformed and uncaring man.  Nothing wrong with the ACA and your take is delusional.
Fm
#Dickwaffle
Translation: Can tweet just about anything but notice how I've never mentioned my sex offence allgations, I'd rather talk sh*t about others.
Not a bail out and you know it.  Yet, you continually misrepresent and misstate.  Get over it.
So we'll stop Bailing out Exxon Mobil and the Oil Industry then too.?
Fuck you ! You are a joke of a person and clown of a president
I thought you were for this? TRUMPCARE is now the law of the land!
You are clueless when it comes to healthcare. Stopping subsidies it's not going to hurt their pockets.The cost will be passed on to the poor
O’really?
You have zero credibility. You lie, you contradict and you have no idea what you are doing. #RESIGN  @WhiteHouse @GOP
U r an idiot. #makingexcuses #dismantelingACA bc it has name Obamacare at all costs. #yousuckTrump #LiarInChief #antisocialbehaviour
Amen to that
Destroy the OFA this is obama  creation for sabotage your presidenci put obsma in jail now and all OFA  Organizatioh for Action
up to macdonnell? R U planning to turn the country over to macdonnell? Will he soon be president?
Trump is wrong — the government wasn't giving Obamacare insurers a 'bailout'
Like you made a fortune screwing tenants and contractors?
Then bailout the people. Single payer healthcare for all!
Are you aware that we get rebate checks from Obamacare insurers every year if they charge more than they need to cover claims?
Let me rephrase:
Do you know what the H-E-double toothpicks you’re talking about?
How about the many companies you cheated! Just pack up, leave! Buy an island, build your wall, and LEAVE us ALONE!
This insurance companies are crooked
O'CARE AS HE CALS IT DID NOT RAISE ANY PRICES DIRECTLY. THAT WAS THE INSURANCE COMPANIES AND BIG PHARMA ANY WAY YOU PUT IT.
You've spent too much time with Russians. Let me tell you something about capitalism. And do you even know what the word subsidise means?
When a law forces insurance companies to cover extremely sick people it gets expensive really quickly.   The subsidies cover that risk.  Did you know that?
How is it then that you supported bailing out #BigPharma to the tune of $28 Billion #TaxBreak in GOP #Trumpcare Plan?
Veto any corrupt deal that gives illegal subsidies to insurance companies.
Then encourage legislation to prohibit excessive profits and trading healthcare stock on Wall Street.  How 'bout starting with that?
You are just sorry that the insurance company isn’t owed by you.
You are illegally not upholding the laws of this nation. This is in direct violation of your oath of office.
Insurers have to take 80% of all profits and use that towards care and premium reductions. Are you advocating single payer? #ThanksO'Care
Hop into the way back machine & set it for YESTERDAY!
Balderdash
Thank you for stopping the swamp creatures from stealing the American taxpayers money
Only if the bailout affected one of your companies of course!
what about you! You manufacture over seas abs don’t pay taxes! You do NOTHING BUT DIVIDE. Sad!
...says the f..king m0r0n. 

But you support bailing out Coal, Oil, the Wealthy, your Hotels and Golf Courses, Ivanka's businesses, your Sons' stupidities... #TrumpLies
We love you Mr President!! Excellent job as always!!
You said the ins co's were going BROKE on Ocare. Now you say they are making millions. Which is it, liar-in-cheif?
Whoops!  You tried LaMar
Large majority want Trump to make ObamaCare work
You lied about being Putin's Puppet.  You lied when you took you oath to represent all Americans.
Much like you were bailed out by your father and by bankruptcy.
#MAGA
Liar
DO NOT DO IT, seniors has to sign their houses over to reverse mortgage Co. because they can't afford their meds , who bails them out ?
Thank you Mr. President!!!
Here's a question goofball, why are insurers involved in HC at all-single payor only solution.
Dude, get out of DC for a while. Get back in touch....

Ins co were making a fortune b4 o'care, the problem was little to no coverage when u had ins, or preexist conditions exempted u for coverage
O care TRIED to abate the gross practices of ins co, but they found ways around it. Ocare has its problems but fundamentally on the rt track
You want to do something really big? - SINGLE-PAYER healthcare (it was your idea anyway) get rid of the greed!
Says bankruptcy filer who cheats on his taxes
Right. 
 You would rather watch people die and attempt to blame it on others because you have exactly no understanding of what is at issue.
Another big lie!!
Or can you support nothing your predecessor did? Your causing pain for the Americans that you promised to help.

THANKYOU
If only we could believe anything you say...
Donnie,  It's HEALTHCARE for poor and sick people. Just pay the bill and STFU. Save your politics for the freaking wall we can't afford.
We are with you 100%. The people need a break. Insurance has dictated and made enough money! #MAGA
If they made a fortune, what do they need a bail out for? If they're making fortunes, how is O'Care imploding? Oh yeah, you & gutless GOP!
https://www.pscp.tv/w/1ynJOoLORDXJR 
Let the market work! Gov stay out!
go trump go..
You suddenly don't like the idea of ripping off people?
Bailout the working class that got raped by OC,  they said it was a tax credit,  I got hit with 12,000.00 dollars fines and penalties.
Whom do you think still believes you after all of the lies you have said.  Not this guy.
You are an insatiable liar.
Your tweet is not truthful. The insurance companies lost $ https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/10/19/president-trumps-false-claim-that-insurance-companies-have-made-a-fortune-from-obamacare/ …
Please also tend to medicare part D, insurance & pharmacies wanton overcharging even without COLA
You support billions of dollars going to defense contractors to kill people, but not a tiny fraction of that going to health providers to keep people alive? Give me a fucking break hypocrite
Who cares fatman, where theres a will or bill theres a way dufus
Geezus! Just shut up! Seriously! The garbage that you spew out on a daily basis is mind numbing.
We, the American People must stop subsidizing these multi billion corp’s at the bequest of our elected reps.taking campaign contributions 
think of the insurance kickbacks  muslim obama took and got rich with, that harm young harm working familes paying high insurance premiuns
Liar
Please don’t give ins cos any more money. Need a stake to the heart of O’Care!
In pressers with world leaders like @JustinTrudeau and @AngelaMerkeICDU etc., you always seem nervous. You talk excessively but say nothing.
#POS
So how about cutting insurance companies out of our healthcare conpletely? Let the doctors fight for our business not for insurance payouts?
You can’t legislate Morality or motivation, even though the Dems keep trying to
Hey, bub, that's SENATOR ALEXANDER to you.  And Senator Schumer, and Leader McConnell, etc.  Don't you have any manners? Who raised you?
You're not bailing you are paying what is owed. Oh, wait. You don't pay your own bills.

you and HARVEY N the bill 's would B a blast at Hollywood party.As long as the women wore a chastity belt and breast guards
Jesus needs to take you home now...before you do any further damage to your country or the world.
Thank you Mr President!!!!!!
Trying to be with you always sir.. @realDonaldTrump @FOXTV @mfa_russia
other than this morning, this morning you were in support, what changed? sad loser
change your mind much -Didn't you ask for and got the short term deal to help people get medical coverage?- maybe I was wrong or UR deranged
What is they have a fake University and made a fortune
I'm really looking forward to elections in 2020. It's time rebuild America w/out u in the picture. #getthehelloutofoffice
Do you know the difference between a for-profit and a not-for-profit insurance company? Of course you don’t.
You messed up. Pay closer attention.
Try again with that tweet, next time make some sense.
But remember, it's Trumpcare now!
... wtf is "O'Care"? ACA had less letters. Why not call it by its real name??
