@Soldierjohn why you need to reinstate Truman's Exe order 9835 and bring back the #HUAC 
@jeffsessions needs to help.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/McCarthyism …
Read that real quick. Usually don't like Wikipedia but it's ok 4 this
yep, it's only the 2nd paragraph I focused on. Given what's going on, I think it's great idea
I can think of several ways to catch them, sir.
....he means a "devastating effect on" HIM. The problem is not the leak but the crime &  cover-up. Digging hole deeper.
I would look into the #FBI itself for leakers, starting at the top with Jim Comey. Something just doesn't seem right there. @realDonaldTrump

Hilarious 
@SherriKuczeryk those leakers are more American than you are they are protecting the corruption you bring with your name
傻逼
Isn't it inappropriate for the president to slate the FBI on Twitter?
Thank GOD you won President Trump! Finally we’re seeing the sunlight on the corruption in our government.
Fire all Obamas ppl.  Your walls have ears.
We found the leak.....it's you. #Russia You gave them classified info.  How much money will that get you. #TREASON #IMPEACH
stop looking for leaks. Start acting presidential and eliminating the need for leaks.
If you had nothing to hide, you wouldn't worry about leaks. You already admitted the leaks were true. I'm j\ust sayin'
check out songbird mccain who keeps making trips to Syria in secret . CIA operatives there
Thanks for clarifying that the @FBI has real intel on you and Russia. Bye-bye! #TrumpRussia #TrumpLeaks #SoCalledPresident
As if he'd ever figure that out !
some of these replies to the dumbass is why I got that message.  Kinda scary.  I could call him way worse!
you are NOT alone kiddo, keep up your spirit.. We do NOT sit silent !
appreciate your encouragement.  It certainly would take more than a note from twitter to break my spirit!
hehehhe THAT is clear & encouraging!  I feel at 74, this is one of my "rights"  
I agree!  I just turned 60! Ugh.I'm off the thought, if we had to endure Nixon, we should be able to say it all.
Indeed!  Never thought Bush would look good but DAS FUHRER certainly does that !
@StopStopHillary That is the real story the leakers trying to destroy democratically elected president. It's a high crime
who the hell are you talking to? Like are you asking me to find them personally? What do we do with this?
Ppl in the Intel community who  leak classified data to hurt Trump show they will keep quiet to protect Hillary &Obama.
shut up @realDonaldTrump
lied. We Trust leakers not liars
I can tell you where the biggest leaker of classified info is ==> DONALD J TRUMP. Why did u give laptop bomb info to Russians last week?!?!?
@Soldierjohn And don't pay attention to the negativity on your feed. #LittleDickJack MADE it that way. More #FakeMedia
No. Find the money for hot lunches for kids instead of security for Melania and your Maralago trips. You are a S.O.B.
FYI Sean spencer you are a puppet hope u don't have kids because they should be ashamed if not, useless like you as humans
Sessions should resign he vouched for dirty Rosenstein!
 @realDonaldTrump
Keep telling it like it is Mr. President. You are doing a great job.
Still rolling! Sad! Can't wait for prosecution! #MAGA #BuildTheWall
If by 'devastating effect' you mean it will lead to impeachment, I say bring on the devastation.

#ImpeachTrump #TrumpLeaks
Mr President, doesn't the FBI have a lie detector that they can find out the leaks with ?
Then you know the media is not Fake. Leaks have occured before, one instance that readily comes to mind is Watergate!
maybe the FBI can't find the leakers because they don't want to.
@CatLovesUSA no homo but I LOVE YOU SIR!!! Keep it up! Behind you all the way!!! (Figuratively)
management/leadership by twitter!!! Drop the putter Donald, there's work to be done.
THEY ARE TRYING TO SAVE THIS COUNTRY FROM you and your incompetence @
@retireleo  Smoke them out President Trump!! We have your Back!
.@realDonaldTrump what's all this obsession with leaks? Trump gets his freak on when hookers get their leak on!
God, please expose the leakers, any listening devices, or hacked IT. In Jesus Name. Amen.
Blessed are the peacemakers - but not if the Democrats have anything to do with it.
Lol
@laurieWr   Better keep an eye on John McCain. I suspect....
I believe he burned his own bridge. Trump won't have to take him down the public already is
Agreed he turned into a slime bag
This twitter account is toxic to our nation, our government branches, and our people. #twittersuspend #trumptoxic #endthetrumptastrophy
so called president trump!!! Your name doesn't even deserve to be capitalized......I want my vote back!!!!!
why would it be devastating unless it's proof that you, our sitting president, rigged an election?
#FBIstopleaks. FBI do your job, get the leaks stopped. US citizens don't pay you to be political arbitrator.
That tweet was a year ago....didn’t listen did they?
Change your Depends Spanky. You are the leaker! If it's a staff member, they hate you and & drawing attention to your b.s.
Bannon said Ivanka was a leaker. Maybe you should check your own house. What about the classified info you gave to Russia. You're the leaker in chief.
Praying for our President and our country. I hope and pray how soon the swamp is drained and traitors prosecuted. 
.@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @seanhannity 

#CrookedHillary and her friend DC Mayor Muriel Bowser  

#SethRichCoverUp

Justice for #SethRich
It appears that you have a leaky mouth when the Russians are alone with you in the oval office. I am so ashamed that you are prez. 
#45 THE TRUTH WILL FIND A WAY! THE TRUTH IS LEAKING BECAUSE IT HAS TO! RIGHT IS RIGHT! ABOUT THIS  GREAT COUNTRY!
Get Rid Of Issa Controls the meth barrels Controls The Heroin with El Chapo! Parties Way to much!
GOD BLESS AND BE WITH YOU MR PRESIDENT TRUMP
يجب.ان.يدرك.كل.من.هنا.ان.اكبر.جبل.ارتفاع.في.الجزيره.هو.جبل.سيدنا.شعيب.وان.ذاك.الكنز.الذي.نتوقع.ظهوره.هو.تحت.النهر.المدفون
nothing given to the media is classified, it is just damming to you #puppet
-  WE BACK YOU 150% FIND THE AND THROW IN JAIL DONT LET THEM DESTROY OUR COUNTRY
All OK here now----right?
THAT IS TREASON - LET THEM KNOW THEY WILL BE TRIED FOR TREASON WHEN CAUGHT
@StopStopHillary yeah I'm thinkin that info...not just goin to the media....be mindful...keep moving onward
why tf do you criticise your own fucking country?! Your the president, do something! There isn't anyone else who will...
lol your the best I just hope my native American az can get my jobs back an build better walls haha keep things w IQ n bbq
THIS is what LAW & ORDER looks like. DON’T FORGET!   There will be NO LAW & ORDER until SHE is executed: MURDERER.
the leakers in your WH are leaking that you are trying to stop the leakers from leaking by checking their phones for leaks.
The buck stops with you. Take responsibility for your words & actions. #TrumpLeaks
U r a conspiracy theorist. U can't b effective leader if u govern w hate, contempt, lies & scare tactics. #wordsMatter
What are you afraid they'll leak. You're a Traitor?
get rid of Paul Ryan! Never trust this guy!
didn't bother you when it was Hillary they were leaking information on? Why does it bother you now? Hmm ? hiding something?
. Correspondence dinner serving Fukushima fish all you can eat
you go man!
You would need to listen to security briefings to know what is classified.
Why is there secret information so dangerous that it just has to be hidden from the Americn People? This makes trust issues
You do realize that leaking documents is a crime, but telling the news that you were illegally speaking with Russia isn't?
yet you post it on social media hmmmm
The incompetence & partisanship of the FBI lead to your election, you should not spit on them! They might get mad.
the biggest spreader of FAKE NEWS IS YOU.
Let's start by plugging that leaky anus above your chin
They're leaking the truth about you. Is that the devastating effect it will have? That you're a fraud and crook?
Someone is going to leak your tax returns soon, then it's game over! Resign now, save them the trouble.
Mr. President my suggestion is put out the word that the leaker is going to Gitmo bed buddy with the worst of the worse, ok
FBI shouldn't say they are unable to find leakers - should be more accurate & say they are unwilling to find leakers
FBI says it can't find leakers - maybe should say unwilling to find leakers. #MAGA!
Nothing could be worse for the USA than YOU!!!
Maybe stop worrying about the leaks and worry about the unethical behavior in your administration that is driving them!
Always remember your employees can make you or break you. You treat people like shit and you get what you deserve.
maybe start by not viewing classified material in a restaurant illuminated via cell phone flashlight. Stupid. Sad. Ironic.
you mean in addition to the devastating effect YOU'RE already having on the U.S.?  STOP NOW
what a LIAR YOU ARE! There is no classified info the public is receiving from the press. STOP LYING DONALD!
whats wrong Donny? Scared?  Lmao
Rather than succeeding here you are oxymoronically increasing the # of FBI+other agency employees willing to leak.
most leaks are coming from WH. You don't even know where to look. I don't agree with Pence but I'll take him. He is sane
@mike_pence The J-Oligarchy has mind reading and writing technologies deployed. ANYONE'S mind can be decoded and read.
devastating effect on you, yes.... Discredit the media now the FBI stop it
The info being leaked is the problem. #ProtectWhistleblowers #Trumprussia
U want to find leakers in FBI... Strange how u used to like leaks a lot, and now u lost all enthusiasm for it...
Top priority. Implanting moles in the media and goverment infrastructure is their main goal.
wait but I thought you said @CNN @nytimes @ABC was fake news? Now we want to find the leakers? 
I trust the FBI 1000x more than I do you. That's not saying much for you. Being honest. You should try it.
the only effect it would have is that you'd be taken down and impeached for your transgressions
Don't confuse "classified" with secret or unknown. You'll never understand DC. We learn young to read between the lines.
you are the only thing having a devastating effect -- 80% of the country, and world are aware
You're showing your fear, donnie. It doesn't look good for you. This is information the nation is ENTITLED TO. TRAITOR.
I call bullshit
@joecuts134 Investigate every one in FBI.Suspend their work & pay till leakers handed over. Put them on indef unpaid leave.
He doesn't read this
Hey @realDonaldTrump why don't you ask Russia to help..#FakePresident
If U had that same passion 2 find the leaks during the elections, this wouldn't be happening but U encouraged & welcomed it
@pig4801kj drain that swamp
LIAR
Was this your secret message to Russia? #russiagate #ImpeachTrump
who u talking to a GHOST? We r hoping the effect is PRISON TREAON CHARGES IMPEACHMENT..
@AugustLady241 let's find out your involvement with Russia and Putin now.
I think instead of US you mean "us" #putinpuppet #liarpantsonfire
#FakePresident afraid of #RealNews exposing #Russiagate and #TrumpCrimes, obviously.  #FireComey who caused #FakeElection
I found the leakers. They're in a Russian hotel room. #PresidentBannon has their info. #goldenshowers
You spelled "us" wrong
We had a flag waving event today in Sherman, Texas. We love #45. He's our guy!
info getting out is gonna IMPEACH YOU..!! FOOL
If you are innocent, then there should be no concern. Right? It's just like the Patriot Act!
Before they find out EVERYTHING
u seem real scared about the only devastation would be to the legitimacy of your presidency and we all know it!#DumpTrump
But during the campaign you said you love WikiLeaks? Oh I see, you only love leaks that benefit you. Got it.
go low life leakers
BULLSHIT! STOP LYING. WHAT REALITY DO U LIVE IN? YOU'RE A CHILD.
STOP LYING,SHOW UR TAXES,WE KNOW UR BROKE,& STOP ACTING LIKE A CHILD AND THE LEAKS WILL STOP.MAH HAMAD ALI'S SON DETAINED
The leakers are within your own staff 45. People around you are appeasing you, but they care about this country. #resist
Connecticut needs your HELP Governor Malloy wants to make CT a sanctuary state. Please call...
.     Better get rid of Comey before he makes  more incompetent decisions.   Look at his brother and Clinton connections.
@IvankaTrump  Now that FBI leaks helped you steal the election #Corrupt #Graft #DoYourJob  #Putin #VoterFraud #Illegitimate
they are afraid of what you are doing to this country and I hope they keep it up
Rep's praised wikileaks and said it didn't matter where the info came from, the info legitimized the leak...now I get it
Find tax info-FIND NOW!!!!
If they can't or won't look for the leak maybe its time to fire & hire new committed people! Comey has been a lousy leader!
Yeah. Better find those whistleblowers before they play your song.
maybe you should stop tweeting and the leaks will stop.
try being an honest, truth-telling, empathetic person
Someone sounds panicky, and hypocritical. Also, who are you directing this tweet at?
Evidently the fine men and women of the FBI think you are beneath contempt. @realDonaldTrump I agree with them. #Illegitimate
"Devestating" like in Watergate?
You are an embarassment. Just give us ANYBODY capable of producing a coherent thought as our president.
Have you seen him finger paint though
The FBI guy who did Hillary Email Scandal check Fire him and Have a new FBI look into It and I scene on F.B. Obama was the1
@soldierjohn when you find these Democrats, throw them in jail Donald.
you mean like the leakers who told us you were tweeting while the Yemen raid was happening? Didn't even go into SitRoom?
If anyone in America could be blackmailed-it's you. Look at your past-your dealings, your mob ties. Dude-you are going down
Not soon enough
the fact that your administration requested FBI to downplay their trump Russia investigation is not classified information.
you're not that important.
yea, cause his tax returns are more important than leaked classified information. 
I’ll help you... call your kids and their spouses for a start. Then hang up the phone cause you’re probably the biggest.
And by FBI you mean WH, and by U.S. you mean you.
You mean like this picture taken in the Oval? Looks like a job for FBI Counterintelligence to me.
*cough* Guiliani *cough*
Jesus H. Christ, Dopey. You’re surrounded by the leakers and you don’t see them? Put down the cheeseburger, the TV remote, and just pay attention for ten minutes.
Flynn, Gates, Papadop, Van der Zwann;FLIPPED! Manafort: indicted.  13RU +3 entities:indicted. Pinedo plea.   Mayflower meeting. RNC platform change.  trump tower mtg w/RU lawyer - jr., Manafort. kush backchannel Prince/Seychelles.  M Cohen/Prague. trump is traitor & mobster
Pretty sure we all know the leakers were in the NY office.  Try to keep up, dotard.
Guiliani.  Your daughter in law, Lara.    They know.  They told us about it on television during the election campaigns.    Do you Remember?   We remember.
Everyone and driven them to retire rather than stay on board. Your narcissistic and believe your own lies
We need the Gmen their going to throw your Ass in Jail. Stocking up on party supplies for that day
There is medical for people whom are delusional like yourself, Donnie start taking your med’s
Stuff being leaked so it gets you impeached!!! Bring it on!!!
Look in your own house you traitorous shitstain
Have you finally flipped your lid? Shut up and go to work.
Like the Nunes Memo you mean?
Have you located Devin Nunes yet?
The leakers are @DevinNunes and @realDonaldTrump
Lmao - I guess it’s going to be an interesting news day. Sucks to suck manbaby.
Or, you could just look in the mirror.
You are fucked! LMAO. Did you think you could really get away with it? 
Or you could just drop dead?? That’d be really awesomely cool.
But it’s ok for you to declassify a classified memo to try to hurt the authorities investigating YOU and YOUR FAMILY??
It needs a deep cleaning
The PLUG 
has been pulled
The swamp 
has finally 
started to DRAIN
The dems are finally getting seen fir what they really are. #lightson
#swampratsscurry #draintheswamp #MAGA #trump2020
Find them now
A year ago, still pertinent
#DeepStateWray #RefuelingTheSwamp
Can’t you order this?
I’m now just as disgusted with MEDIA for not reporting this leak as I am about the actual leakers!!
@kurtwvs Clean out the bad cops
God Bless President Trump and his family; God Bless USA ; #ReleaseTheMemo
DO NOT PERMIT SESSIONS TO ALLOW HILLARY'S STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS TO EXPIRE!!!  CALL YOUR CONGRESSMAN!  SESSIONS IS PART OF THE DEEP STATE!
DO NOT ALLOW HILLARY'S STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS EXPIRE!!  CALL YOU CONGRESSMAN!
