You kept your promise too, the help has been immense
Resign.
You pardoned someone who spit on the Bill of Rights. Resign.
BTW,  thank you for pardoning the sheriff.  You did the right thing.  Texans have your back Sir.
May god bless you and your family! I'll continue to pray for everyone family including friends too, I pray for those that may lost family.
Does tweeting it make you feel special? You aren't doing anything any other elected official does during a disaster. You NEED attention
America is not with you, @realDonaldTrump and Texas is not with you @GovAbbott - Texans are with other hurricane embattled Texans.
Texas is real America. We respect our leaders and their office.
Power out. No cell service. No internet. All of this is to make you look good. FAIL. People on the ground. before the eye hit. FAIL
It's an act of nature not a conspiracy. You haters are laughable. Y'all are getting so reduculace.
Yes, it is an act of nature that was forecasted days ago. Plenty of time for people to take action. BTW this is how to spell ridiculous.
We will remain fully engaged w/ open lines of communication as #HurricaneHarvey makes landfall. America is w/ you!… http...
It might be beneficial if you watched a news channel instead of conservative Entertainment Tonight.
It's be beneficial if you stopped watching the news channels you are they are lying use your head think for yourself
They're kind of telling facts.. fact checked facts.. but if you want to call "what we don't want to hear" lying.. so be it.
Fact checked facts. Look you people are being led around by your noses period think for yourselves ocheck all socialist countries
#DeportMelania #DeportMelania #DeportMelania #DeportMelania #DeportMelania #DeportMelania #DeportMelania #DeportMelania #DeportMelania
@POTUS slm
dont  worry its not  bad when you compared with peope lof palestine
Even the undocumented citizens? racist.
More fake news
What about Hurricane Irma headed for Florida?
great ..but price tags?????Cut some swivel chair salaries...in all of Capitol/omb and all agencies............that'll pay the bill!!!!!!!!!!
#DonaldTrump's pardon of @RealSheriffJoe Arpaio was a morally corrupt act of defiance against the rule of law #ArpaioPardon
Swan you will go to hell with your untrue thoughts about our Pres.Trump & the American people. People lik you want the world & give nothing.
Most American people keep being so admired and respected of the profoundly exquisite leadership of President Donald Trump since WH first day
Thank you for bringing justice back to America Mr. President!  #ArpaioPardon


And we are sadly watching you destroy our country...#Resign
Is there ANYTHING this man could say that you wouldn't hate him for?
I know. What freaks me out is... ...he knows, too.
Amen to that! Keep up the support of OUR President!
***k him.
Why can't yall just pray for these people of tx and stop acting like two year olds on his tweets?
Prayer doesn't work.
WRONG!  PRAYER DOES WORK AND OUR STATE NEEDS IT.  WE ALSO SUPPORT PRESIDENT TRUMP.  SORRY YOUR LIFE IS SO EMPTY.
Who says my life is empty? Just because I don't believe in the empty power of prayer? On the contrary, my life has more meaning.
YOURS
You are being lied to, but the sad thing is you already know THAT, and you don't care.
Research instead of relying on admittedly bias, funded media, then your "respectful disagreement" would be your own. Shamefully it is NOT! 
Resign.
Hadrian's wall served its purpose for many years.
Its purpose was to stop raiders and facilitate trade with the Northern Tribes. It has no bearing on this barbarian's monstrosity.
And this wall is to stop undocumented immigrants.  So?
3 Years, 4 Months, 25 Days, 12 Hours, 12 Minutes, and 32 Seconds
+4
-5 years
He'll get more jail time than that 10-15
Looks like the Obama administration should be concerned with jail time. Pretty shady shit coming out weekly. Sessions will make 1 stick
Last I heard Mueller called in a couple more of trimpy's traitors! Nothing on our Landmark legislating President Obama.
Lol. Trump don't telegraph. His DOJ is making sure something sticks & is ironclad. Obama isn't yappin so hard rn, He knows. Now, so do u.
Sure Brenda sure. Like all his other accomplishments? U had enough 'winning' yet??
.@realDonaldTrump Instead of posting a video with info useful for TX, you post a video of yourself being praised on FOX News. No surprise.
Good you pardon Joe but at the same time it will have been nice to listen the justice department have indicted Hillary Clinton

Well good your actually doing your job!!! Shocking!
Stay safe with the hurricane!!
Screw you #GregAbbott and your #rapeinsurance! #Texas
#trump # hurricane That is your job- and when it is over get down to Texas and pick up a shovel and help
Hurricane Harvey!!
"But not me, personally. I'm going on vacation. Good Luck!"
K calm down with this the media will still blame you
Your VP is making you look like a fool because he connects with the people. Move over, he's pushing you out, blindsided...fool

It hit us bad :/
Weren't Republicans against FEMA for the last 8 years? Wonder what changed 
God be with our beloved Texans
He says as he vacations again at Camp David.
LOVE & RESPECT TO GOV ABBOT. WHAT A GREAT PATRIOT, LEADER, & TEXAN. WHO LIVES UP TO ONE OF THEIR MOTTO! BIG STATE, BIG HEARTS!
My Lord I want see miracle  you can stop all dengeres p s safe Avery one and you can stop it in Jesus name Amen.
Dont rely on @realDonaldTrump tweets for hurricane info-rely on local news. It's REAL info & saves lives. You endanger American lives btw.
Thank you, Mr President!
Yeah - being assured everything will be ok by you and f'n Abbott is like telling the passengers of the Titanic there's no need to panic.
I am glad you are staying on top of it because the news media cannot get over you
The rest of us will remain full engaged in your pardon of a racist ..We have not forgotten.. a few drowned rats will not make us forget.
Oh please! U have never been fully engaged about anything except yourself! When does this masquerade end!

#RESIST
I got an idea.  Invite him to visit Washington while Texas takes care of this.  Got an accessible course? Y'all could golf.
How about,we will continue emergency aide, national guard troops, FEMA, search, build, feed, whatever care for soulls
You left for Mar-A-Lago.
Thank u for making that a priority
#prayfortexas Thank you @POTUS for keeping America safe and informed.
Well here goes your immigration bills it's all they're going to talk about rebuilding Texas hope we have enough construction workers
You're so vain you only put that up because your damned tarnished name was up there. Don't want no damned hurricane stealing your limelight.
MAGA.......GOD BLESS UNITED STATES OF AMERICA !!
I as asking America to boycott all Trump properties and businesses own by him and his family let so him the bottom line
Disaster after disaster...and yet you still find plenty of time to "tweet".

People wake up the old way of divide and conquer is in full swing. The UN has never liked the USA we are too uncontrollable for their taste.
If you were fully engaged, you wouldn't have had time to screw over America You need to go. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Big liar.  Your staff is monitoring hurricane while you golf, eat and resume your old lifestyle.  You don't fool anybody.
Where's Santiago Maldonado?
But you can't be engaged if you're outside the WH. You're off the clock, doing nothing. That's how you said it worked when 44 was President.
..make landfall fo' realz. Tha Ghetto is w/ you, nahmean biiiatch? #Trizump https://twitter.com/i/web/status/901305065885114368 …
Coward in Chief Donald Trump used a hurricane that threatened millions to pull an act of cowardice and pardon Joe Arpaio it DID NOT fly
Finally a President that cares for Americans! He released funds to help "Texas" 1st & did not send billions to other countries!Woohoo! #MAGA
Korea has just spat on your face re: missile test over Japan. I thought you said Korea respected you. You are full of bull****
Thank God for President Donald J Trump! He's sure on the ball! Finally A True American Patriot!
SENDING PRAYERS TO TEXAS.
who wrote this for toddler?
America is not with you, incompetent Trump!
Stay safe Texas!


You pardoned racist criminal before taking care of millions of americans facing Harvey. You will never be forgiven. the resistance blazes on
Did all of the leftists forget about whitewater Paula Jones, the calling of black people super predators by third beloved Hillary C.

Thank you we have a house in Rockport and can't get back in to check it out!
Do "open lines of communication" include people you have blocked on Twitter?
So you are a socialist after all...but only when it suits your political ambitions! Hypocrite!!!  #resist
Thank you President Trump for your quick response to this disaster! America stands with you! #MAGA
However, Baby King, America is not with you. Come rain or shine, we will not rest until you are removed. #ImpeachTrump
#Harvey @Potus has yet to mention those killed, call on other Americans to help or encourage donations to relief organizations
Resign.
All the people on Soros payroll right?
Who tweeted this? It's uncharacteristically coherent and presidential.
YES when it was too late,shame on you
One thing about libtard. It doesn't matter what Trump does he is wrong. They are that stupid.
It was wrong to pardon Arpaio... Love from AZ
Just keep our beer cold,  fuckface!   We got it from here!  #HurricaneHarvey #TexasStrong
What if this governor was a Democrat?
God Bless all the residents and weather reporters in Texas 
Please stay safe
Hey @realDonaldTrump you're going down
Really a devastating situation.Remaining open is goes a long way in accommodating and making necessary adjustments. PITY FACING SUCH PROBLEM

Above for President Trump.

Disgusting!  http://www.geoengineeringwatch.org/geoengineering-watch-global-alert-news-august-26-2017/ …
President Trump a true man for America. Ask and receive.  God Bless Texas.
Bullshit.  I doubt you care about anything.
Shouldn't you be chatting with joe??

Cops "help" the photographer to safety AFTER he was beaten up by Antifa who thought he was Trump supporter. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4828672/Masked-antifa-swarm-Berkeley-rally-assaulting-several.html … 
Bernie Sander's is a FOOL &was shit on by everyone in the Democratic Party!! What a senile old FOOL!  Arpaio should never have been charged!
https://twitter.com/pnehlen/status/902014463167082496 …
Wow lazy boy speaks
Watch leftists respond to this message of solidarity with hate.
Bot account.  Nice
Thank you!
God bless u all
Thanks.  Overly tweeting is showing that you're a "good" President & are paying attention. Strategy: "Tweet to show my force every 2 hours."
Great job, as always!
You go President Trump, we're proud of the job you're doing..
Thank you President Trump for being so compassionate  glad you are on top of this awful event
We can build the wall..but don't forget the tunnels!! No one talks about that!!

This is only a distraction for you to continue doing underhanded dealings.
Trump did the only right thing with Arpaio.
Now time to settle accounts with obamoids.  We'll be with you all the way.  MAGA!
THE SNOWFLAKES, MSM & DEMS HEADS ARE EXPLODING!!!!!!!!
PROUD AMERICAN
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1791656914180967&id=115858121760863 …
Oh please,u just admitted u used a disaster 4 RATINGS!ITS NOT A TV SHOW U F*CKING LOSER!PEOPLE DIED.I KNOW U DON'T CARE BUT LEARN 2 FAKE IT!
At least someone learned something from Katrina!
Go Trump! Americans are behind you.
Yep.... wonder how nice it was for that poor woman to give birth to her child in handcuffs on a cold damp floor of an immigrant camp
Sn. Başkan kasırganın yıkımlarını izlemek yerine kasırganın kalbine güçlü bombalarla atış yaparak oluşan döngüdeki moleküllerin dengesini
About time you realized there was a hurricane hitting our country!
Texas Secretary of State Pablos rejected Canada's offer to send aid blankets, beds, pillows, hygienic products electricians to restore power
Why ?
God Bless Texas and keep them safe .
God bless, protect & guide @POTUS Donald J Trump & all Texans.
God loves everyone. Even people who snuck across the border. Remember that. Too many failing Christians forget that lately. #maga
Thank you MR. PRESIDENT TEXAS loves you...or at leastbi do.....m
Way to go our potus!
It's good that @realDonaldTrump is there for Texas and the pardon of @RealSheriffJoe was the right thing to do 1 does not effect the other
Government Abbott,  so real, so good. Thank you!
GOD DOS NOT LIKE TEXAS..... OR REPUBLICANS.....

Too bad you are having to deal with scumbag looters who are stealing from businesses, breaking into homes & shooting at #CajunNavy
SurePresident u are one sorry guy,so nextweek im guessing he will make a comment aboutthe storm bout five seconds  n start onanothertopic
Don't speak for us Americans, Puto!!

"Good luck."
#TrumpResign
