Roger Goodall basically called you a liar.  #fakerepublican
*Goodell
#25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentNow
#fakerepublican We don’t want you.  You won’t win the incumbency.
There is no better way to respect the FREEDOM for which America stands than to DO WHATEVER YOU WANT during the anthem or pledge.
Good job Mr Trump it’s too bad you have to remind professional players to respect our flag and country! 
I always said this was the creation of Hussein. The enemy from within! Hussein has brainwashed these radical liberal into hating America .
Trump doesn’t know the words...I wonder if he knows the only reason he went to “the best schools” was because his dad wrote big checks. He’s certainly not smart enough to get in on his own.
Does the NSA really have 50,000 employees and Washington alone God help us
Should say in Washington alone
Submitted without comment
Where did you find this picture?
showed up on my tweeter feed
Thanks.  I would love to have more info on it. If I find anything, I'll pass it on to you.
It's unfortunately not real. That's the Navy team, and they're praying.
Found that today too. I was really hoping it was accurate.
WHEN WILL YOU RESPECT OUR COUNTRY AND BRING HOME ALL THE TRUMP COMPANIES' MANUFACTURING JOBS? PUT UP OR SHUT UP. DEMOCRACY!
you are so right!!
Fake president, would you care to comment on the verbal assault Eminem just laid on you?  I know since he is a white man, you won’t say anything, but just curious anyway what you have to say about it?  You continually attack black athletes who do t give two shits about you.
Get off the toilet and go to work!
Yes.  Leadership from the Rear-end.   Lmao.   NFL has no leadership.   Goodell needs to be fired.
If you respected our country you would resign
Respecting our country is respecting our rights under the constitution. You're a paper dragon who literally knows nothing!
You might make us stand but you'll never have our respect

The NFL players are still a bunch of cowards!!
180 people missing in Santa Rosa wildfire while you continue your decades old feud with the NFL. Grow up already.
Donald Trump on TWITTER at 7am: 

"Eminem is garbage he's from Detroit..bad bad place, I know everyone there...bad bad ppl"

Take the national anthem out of their workplace.
This isn't North Korea

And what's the holdup with the Russian sanctions bill
#TrumpRussia


The memo wasn't leaked it was covertly released. And Goodell said "SHOULD"  not "WILL".  This was nothing but a saving face tactic.

Another real hero on a real cover of @TIME

Thank you @Kaepernick7 for reminding America of racial injustice

#TakeAKnee  #TuesdayThoughts
He didnt if u read the statement it says SHOULD not WILL. Loop hole

Stomp your feet, temper tantrum in progress.
make eld optional. ban the mandate from the trucking industry #eld_or_me
#dotard

DAMN OFF THE EROCK WIT THE TWEETING BULLSHYT HUH LLS
What is this North Korea?
Turn off the TV. Do work. What are you doing today to help Americans devastated in PR? Maybe read a book on Foreign Policy. Get some policy
Why do you hate Freedom of Speech, Comrade. It is cornerstone of our country. Are you afraid of truth? Why do you collude with Russians?
Great sound bite reaction ,  do y'all conclude with reality
Yeah Eminem another role model for our youth good think he made a statement everyone respects him. Seriously
You can’t be serious. This is where your focus is right now?  #FakePresident
With Trump all the way! A much needed leader for the modern days.
You mean, "Respect my oppression, bow to me, my $, and my uuuge IQ!" #ImpeachTrump #Crookedpresident #NarcissisticIdiot
Puerto Rico has no food or water, California is engulfed in flames, and your concern is squashing people's right to peaceful protests? Sad.
Way to go! Beat them at their own game. Progressives have same ideology as old communists. Soros and has followers are evil. Indict him!
My state of California is in flames and your emphasis is on a freaking song played before sports games. You suck, prez.
how about you start?
You don't respect our country! More taxes for you too then?
Trump is a dictator.
Let it go, let it go

And when will you speak out about your friends, the white supremists and nazis.
Commander Babyfingers, you know who will never be an NFL team owner?

You.

I know that hurts... maybe talk to a therapist?
Like Manhattan high society, another club to which he will never be admitted. #BooHoo
Trump had to build his own country clubs to find one that would want him as a member.
Wow are you getting old. Look at your eyebags. Best get them fixed. Also lose some weight, those Air Force one steps are taking you longer every time.
Not sure if you heard... I for one have boycotted Papa John's since his remarks. Hit them where it hurts, the wallet! The karma bus is coming! #impeach #resign
It's time for Trump,Draft Dodger to start respecting America: quit lying,quit breaking the law,show your taxes,divest,quit cheating,actually listen to briefings,stop wasting tax payer money on weekly golfing,vacations..
oh SHUT UP already , no one likes or listens to you !

You didn't hear this from me but I heard Goodell was a flaming flaggot and THAT is what put this cuntry in this dress. Distress
Yes, they had better respect that FLAG! 
Is this also disrespecting the flag? Does this also make you stop watching the NFL 
Hussein also highjacked that NFL along with our healthcare and in the process brainwashed people like you !
While California burns you are still on the NFL!
Carlifornia should leave the union and join Mexico. I bet the Mexicans would deport you or worse jail you for years. Poetic justice !!
NFL players should be placing their HANDS OVER THEIR HARTS too! Until this happens, I'm NOT satisfied! #RespectAnthem
Maybe you should be talking about the issue of why they are taking a knee, and by the way it was a veteran that suggested taking a knee instead of just sitting. So in your opionion you would throw the veteran out of the country he defended.
Wake up people...this is a smoke screen...
This from a President who does not respect women, minorities or immigrants.
Or Americans in general.
Thanks rapist
LIE. Well document @realDonaldTrump is pathological liar.
THIS
IS
NOT 
NORMAL
hey @realDonaldTrump in what manner is it respectful for athletes to protest police brutality in our great country? asking for a friend
You have the least amount of respect for America and is people
@JasonPetersHub tonight is your night to take a stand and make a difference. Kneel for the anthem with the rest of your team.
Donald J Trump your a putts.
#FreedomToProtest The #NFL does #Respect our country,U R the one who lacks #Respect 4 #ThePeopleURsuppose2Bserving. U #RespestYourselfOnly,
1892 Ellis Island opened for immigration. 1865 Blacks were US citizens.  RESPECT OUR COUNTRY
it is about time you got impeached
I think it's funny how you are worrying about this when huge and very destructive hurricanes and fires have destroyed some of our country
In the same way that you respect women, mexicans, Puerto Rico, climate change and basically everything else? #grabembythepussy #covfefe
No-one can respect this country with you in charge...
I think the entire country should take a knee until you are out of office. Resign
Yourcountryisashithole. Idiots withgunskillingotheridiotsanda presidentbentonpushing the button. Its a global community now #notallaboutyou
So explain this.
All those who bow @ the knee R doing so in reverence 2this country/flag &what it stands for: Freedom &equal treatment for all under the law
They do respect our country. Peaceful protest is a cornerstone of our country. Don't you have better things to do? Like govern?
I have stopped wztchimgNFL with all their disrespect for are country.sad
Who needs FAKE NEWS when POTUS lies all the time on Twitter?
You should mandate the 4th verse of the anthem be sung.
#TheEmperorHasNoBrains Could you please get to work actually doing something... and I don't mean golf.
You dont stand while you watch it on television hypocrite. Besides it doesn't say they have to in the rule book only that they should.
History has its eyes on a madman
There is another country whose citizens are required to stand for the national anthem by law. Who is it again..... oh yeah..it’s North Korea
Now some kids are doing the same just to fallow a famous who did it.but they don't no why In mid time they teaching the kids to disrespect

AND MAY IT BE VERY, VERY, VERY SOON!!!
If you respect your country then you'll resign
@brandongraham55 tonight is your night to take a stand and make a difference. Kneel for the anthem with the rest of your team.
you do it first

Nigga get off Twitter do your job 

I hope players sue the white house and federal government for civil liberties violations.   Keep pushing for illegal activity ORANGE! #Trump
Liar and a hypocrite why don't you explain why you think that you can disrespect the National Anthem AND DISRESPECT OUR COUNTRY, WHY?
Respect for our country includes #THEFIRSTAMMENDMENT . Look it up some time, assuming you can read.
NFL sucks
You fundamentally misunderstand this issue. Actually, no, I think you just don't give a shit. Good for you.
Hey bro! You’ve started a worldwide phenomenon! They’re doing it in Germany now!
Germany sucks

Total bullshit.
Why is this YOUR concern? I thought republicans were all about less government involvement. Your nose is stuck in everything
You could resign - that would be respecting our country.
Thank you it's about time somebody stands up for America I Have not  watched a football game Since  the cowboys display
Ass
Mr President - most Americans agree with you.  It's a miracle Goodell still has a job after screwing up continuously the past 5 years ?
You are disgusting. The NFL players who exercise their first amendment RIGHTS are FAR more patriotic than you. RESIGN; do the world a favor

U should be focusing more important issues than sports 

Respect Black Free Speech
FUCK YOU, i hope you die soon.



Just gonna leave this here...
Or what? What are you going to do?
CA is on fire, PR has no water or power, murderers can still buy guns, but sure, let's talk about football players kneeling vs standing.
learn the lyrics to the song and then you will understand.
Sorry, Princess. Looking forward to your next tantrum, though.
Time for our commander-in-chief to demand all enlisted not wear the flag as clothing new favorite word for you Trump dishonorable discharge
Cool! Way to fix mass shootings and healthcare! Oh... wait...
proud your Our President. Thank you for all you put up with, and all your doing. 
MAGA 2020
When you mess with the Donald, you go down in flaming defeat. #MAGA 
Yes #DickTator
There is already a rule in the book req them to stand, face flag, hold helmet in left hand, no talking..can Goodell read?
It's a citizens right to kneel during the anthem if he/she wants to
Here's an idea; stop playing the anthem and other propaganda before football games. Blind jingoism has no place in sports.
It’s about time I finally act like a President - there, fixed it for ya.
It's about time that you were impeached, more like. That momentous day is coming, gobshite. Play golf while you can. The end is nigh.
1st Amendment rights are not just for you & your bullying. 1st Amendment rights are for every American no matter the income, sex, or race.
you want to become a fascist? this is how you become a fascist. you can't force people to respect something just because you're insecure
1st amendment is FIRST for a reason.  Are you going to force Jehovah Witness to do it too? Or is that too much religion 4 u
NFL POOPs (Pampered Overpaid Overgrown Punks) consider their actions as a protest against you, Mr. President, and your supporters. Fight!

i live in the uk and i will stand for usa National Anthem hope to see Donald trump come to the uk lots will welcome

more ways to show respect there's no rules pertaining to standing it seems like you're trying to hide something but we can still all see you
The protests are not about the flag or the anthem. They are peaceful reminders that as a nation we're failing to live up to our own ideals.
Divider in chief. Figure it out fool its not about respect for country
So why didn’t you stand for retreat being played? Having attended a military Academy you should know what that is. Incompetent boob!
Do YOUR job and stop butting in with the NFL!
You should kneel #worstpresidentever
And that's so important to you that you have to tweet about it? Pay attention to what you promised Before you were elected. Get to your job.
your country is in crisis all over the place you keep harping on Football?????Seriously? where are your priorities ???
How about you respect our country and stop making us look like fools? Or maybe do your job instead of watching news and tweeting?

[Rosa Parks sitting in the front of the bus after a long, hard day @ work]...in walks the white man "GET UP!"
Pay your taxes.
Take a knee. Protest is American.
They do respect our country, Mr. Trump...it is you they don't respect. You! You reap what you dish out
You want to act so patriotic, We lost 4 servicemen recently and you never even acknowledged it! Yet you make a big deal out of this! SAD!!!!

You sit on your butt & joke thru military flag ceremonies but @NFLPA players can't kneel to support civil rights?!
They shouldn’t even play the national anthem at sports games in the first place . Why did that ever become a thing
You could give two shits for this country draft dodger. This is revenge to the NFL for not allowing you to buy a team.
#TakeaKnee Has spread to #Germany is solidarity with #NFL players of #America fighting against #Injustice
Support their right to kneel in protest.  Show some respect for the 1st Amendment.
Goodell needs to grow a spine and enforce NFL rules so the morons respect our flag, anthem and police officers. Hoopla!!!!
You're destroying the constitution. #Impeach
Get over it.

President Trump, be careful here. Taking the NFL out is a victory for the anti-competition ,divide the nation leftists .
You need to start focusing on running your country not the NFL.  Respect your country by resigning
