Mr. president if you have time would you please pardon sheriff Arpaio.     Thank you.      Fred
Yes please
Why aren't you enforcing NK sanctions now? Hrm?
Russia Russia Russia
What are you doing ? Trying to incite the Korean crazy into war ? I voted for you but am almost sorry I voted at all.
cc @Trump_Regrets
Hillary won the popular vote and no one that matters likes you.
You are certainly not someone who matters.  So shut up and sit down.
that's just like, your opinion man
Yes it was talked about today on msm, drama queen.
What are you talking about!? All the news I watch has praised the UN for sanctions. U know...The U.N...what u wanted to get rid of!
Love it FREEDOM!
You will not talk about the mosque bombing in Minnesota. Are you supporting terrorism now?
PBS Should Be Scrapped After Decades Of Propaganda Turning Our Children Into Traitorous Commies , ReDirect $ 2Media Outlet 4 Patriots ......
Go Big Bird! #FireHannity #ImpeachTrump #FireKushner #bannonsucks
I'd Send Bunker Busters In 1st Then As Military Realizes They Cannot Hide Underground To Escape Our Wrath , They'll Swarm Outside & FAD Boom
Yikes, man. You really need a hobby. There's some good shows on PBS lately. Try Downton Abby whilst sipping a nice cup of tea. #ImpeachTrump
The President will not talk about the nazis! Sad!
outgoing lively Trump
Yes they have.  What planet do you live on?
The dementia is progressing
You mean this report?
Or this one?
#ImpeachTrumpNow
He needs to leave office cause 1:He he is gonna cause world war 3
2:he is a douchebag who thinks just cause he is rich he is amazing.

NO PLEA DEAL FOR CROOKED HILLARY !!!!!!!!!!!
just because a news company calls you out on your mistakes it doesn't make them fake news /:
ARE you kidding me？
CNN reporting on it hourly for two day!  Fox and Friends....not so much.  Conclusion:  Fox and Friends are the "Fake Media".
Number 4,308 on the long list of things you got wrong.
"He has been very threatening beyond a normal statement." Where did you get this semantic jewel Donnie? From Dubya?

@realDonaldTrump @VP
North Korea - Warmonger! Kim Jong-un, hope this helps.
Anything to say about 3 dead Marines in Australia? The attack on a Muslim temple? Do you only read your own reviews?
you don't read much, do you?

CNN saying Trump cant deal w/ North Korea b/c Crisis of Conscience. Meanwhile, CNN just hit 14th place behind Cartoon Channel for 31st Week! 
Totally #untrue. All are calling it a huge moment especially with China on board. #morelies #impeach
If they are the Fake News Media, does that make you the Fake President?
Uh they did... since that time YOU once again created your next shit show 
There are more people who are with you than against you. People are being turned off by the hateful left & opening up to ur message of hope!
They all reported on this!!!!
Yeah, they have. I guess you missed it on FOX.
Again? The fake news? Hmm but this is kind of awesome for fake news to ignore YOU.

Do. Your. Job.
#dictator #fascist #malignantnarcissist #epicfailure #embarrassing #ImpeachTrump #LiarInChief #hotmness #bottomfeeder #awful
He said #FakeNews again! Take a drink... #DrinkingGame
Dude, I'm about this close to reporting your tweets. This is just plain immature.
The only reason why I'm responding is because I am home late from work and wanted to go on twitter and all I see is political banter.
Blow those haters up now before Little Kim blows up He's a sneaky little pos 

He's a sneaky and dangerous man, That little Kim cannot be trusted
We don't watch media, with exception of very few ultra conservatives.
Sad day when ultra conservative is code for sane views
#HeWillKillIUsAll #StopTrumpNow #ImpeachTrumpNow
Only thing fake in the news is our president.
President Trump there are a lot more people 4U than you know. We R thankful U R our President
Speaking of sanctions, aren’t you a little late in implementing the #RussiaSanctions
MSM Sucks!!!
Glad you are calling them out!!!They have given up being the news! They are in bed with the Democrat party period.
Proving the point the #CNN #MSNBC #WaPo #NYT #HuffPost do NOT have #Americas best interests in mind. #FakeNews whores.
Msm and DNC are worse than NoKo! In such a free country they are keeping its viewers in misinformation and propaganda leadership/bad bad bad
Bullshit. Even in Germany we heard this through "fake news". Stop tweeting for your own sake. #moron
Sanctions, pointless. Haley ought to be taking regular tea with Kim In Ryong, discussing path to normalizing relations & a peace treaty.
You . They talked about it all day.  Unclog your ears and brain.
What news are you watching sir? ALL news media are talking about it.
Of course the media will talk always until your out of the White House ! So don't hope for nothing !!!
UN AGENDA 2030 #NOTINMYNAME
So what you are saying is you want the media to talk about it. Reverse psychology for 6 year old children. FBI raid = no gays in military.
liar. Just because you don't like the way an item is reported, doesn't make it fake. You are such a whiner.
Heard all about it on NPR
@realdonaldtrump #disgrace #hitler #liar #fullofshit #smallhands #facist #traitor #clown #loser #impeach #resign #clueless #potus #criminal
FFS. I saw this on the mainstream media. They even had an interview with your UN ambasasor. Where do you get your news?
But it's all over the news, haven't you been watching? They talk about you and N Korea nonstop
If you paid attention you wouldn't be sending this tweet. They all said you did great. I've read it and saw it on TV. WAKE UP cry baby.2DJT
Ambassador Haley did a fantastic job getting all 15 nations to vote for sanctions on N. Korea!
It's only fake news @DonaldTrump because you are afraid they will shed light on all the lies you tell daily. #FakeNews #POTUS #liar
liar Donald. Trump
No shit ,eh
 You are the fake news! #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump
This tweet is A LIE of North Korean proportions. You, @POTUS, are as big a #LiarInChief as your N.K. counterpart. YOU ARE A LYING DANGER!
Well thank God you told us!!!
Wasn't you who once said that the UN Security Council was useless?
In all honesty the UN hasn't had any real credibility for some time now. But the news is definitely still fake.
Maybe you should stop watchng @foxandfriend and turn on  real news station although your ego can't handle the truth.
Obviously you just watch #FoxNews #FakeNews. Try watching something else for a change.
Let the Sanctions work before blowing up the USA ! You MENTAL CASE

They have. However, we all knew you would undermine it by escalating with your fire and fury BS. Twice.
On behalf of SANE Americans *STOP POKING THE BEAR* Signed, AMERICA 
I guess they're busy reporting on "fake" Americans being bombed? 
Where did you learn to write in English? We don't capitalize nouns here as a matter of course. There is such thing as the Fake News Media.
You inundate the airwaves with so much stupidity and make such a fuss about stupid stuff that it is impossible to cover 1or2 good things!
Fake president Fake news!
Dubya couldn't have made a more ignorant or irresponsible statement.

Donnie with his invisible straitjacket on.
Of Course #UN Would Be Behind Sanctions Not Only Because It Creates Problems For You .. But Because N. Korea Is Not Islamic!
I heard plenty about this. Please get off twitter and focus on the nation. #failure
Too many wars based on lies. NO MORE WARS!  NWO ZOMBIES:  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=JqoCBG5PWVk …

Please pull out our troops
Um that's the only way innow about it. Did you learn that from a security briefing or Fox and Friends?
Make the wall please and take out all the immigrants who sell drugs and are criminals all my support from Atlanta Ga
Fire and Fury? Like a nuclear bomb? Thx for escalating the hysteria. Such a drama queen. You have just led us into. War. Congrats.
Fire and Fury? How to sound like a calm leader! You are ill equipped to handle the job you stole with Russian help! GOP DO WHATS RIGHT NOW!
L-ockLCOCK-JAW [MEDIA!] SINKING MELting tining sound of hollow-bell thud/clunk! 'Al!'
45 is willing 2 have a nuke showdown with N. Korea, anything to get his approval ratings up.  We've seen this dog and pony show before. SMDH
Right on Mr POTUS! 
Yes they did it was on CNN for hours. Maybe if you turned Fox News off once in awhile you would see the real picture.
Fox news is the FAKE NEWS!! YOU ARE THE FAKE PRESIDENT!! YOU ARE FIRED!! LOSER LOSER, LIAR LIAR, CHEATER, CON-ARTIST!!
#FAKEPRESIDENT
Been in every news report since the vote - nice deflection though. @realDonaldTrump
like I said, you are making your tweets more popular than what you do. Why? just say NO  please stop bigly 
You are delusional!
MUELLER cannot PROVE it was Russia who hacked Hillary and the DNC, therefore he cannot PROVE collusion, therefore no case!!
They should be talking about AG Lynch committing purgery. She used her grandmother's maiden name in email (Elizabeth Carlisle) @wikileaks
All bullies are insecure Mr.Trump.
@patechinois1 remember. Obama said NK is a small country. No need to worry?? Yes he did say that and left you a mess.
They are waiting for your impeachment
Ffs the UN has been making these decisions when you were doing reality tv and perfecting your comb over. You did not influence this!
Maybe instead we should have that inconvenient talk about how @POTUS Trump wants to cut US funding to the United Nations !
The Media is on a constant attack mission against the President. They R Not concerned with our National Security. WHY?
#FakeNewsMedia does not have the Americans best interest at heart. #MSMsucks
But you released CLASSIFIED info to FOX Nest! This SHOULD make the house vote 435-0 for impeachment on their first day back
Moooving on...Next up, Trump impeached for Russian collusion, pardons own staff & family, and undermines American Democracy. #JailTimeTrump
Keep up the good work President Trump your God sent!!
DON'T WASTE TIME SIT WITH MATTIS & SURPRISE ATTACK NORTH KOREA. CHINA RUSSIA HELP TO CALL IT MILDLY IS A FALLACY, GIVE ME A BREAK, ATTACK!!!
Lift sanctions, providing 'escape route' for NK & promise no more sanctions. A US strike imminent if no positive agreement reached.
First of all it's like all over the news. Second of all you don't get credit for that.
idk why people insist on saying shit rthen stay on the subject at hand. bs gets thrown in the mix. this could become a dangerous situation.
Mcmaster works for soros.
ok this little dictator oviously is compensating for something. his little pecker gets aroused everytime he detonates a missle. hes no good
Can they are talking about your REAL treasonous acts. #failedpresident #looser
they actually did. You are a pathological liar. Step down!
the #FakePresident will not talk about #terrorism on US soil against #Minorities or our lost #Marines #shameful #embarrassing #45'sLies
Sorry this bravado/bragging  is unnecessary. Just silently make things happen to MAGA. Stop feeding the dragon
iWas told by a flaming lib @nikkihaley doing a GREAT job! He's also happy she got rid of the flag. @cpac @afphq IHear she has a "future"...
Truth is not the Fake News Media policy. Waste of time.
What are you doing about the nuclear warhead they're aiming at us? A tweet with threats won't work.Stop talking about your American enemies!
That's funny because I've been reading all about it.
You should focus on your mistakes and short comings not on everyone else's #Breakingnews #Charlottesville #racism
Dear Sir, I'm not sure how you missed it but the result of the vote was well reported.
the media is a joke. they dont even understand what leadership is if it hit them in the face.
Are you REVERSING YOUR POSITION and ADMITTING THE UN is USEFUL???

‍‍‍, ‍‍‍‍‍

Be a MAN, and HOLD A CONSISTENT POSITION

Stop threatening NKorea!
#nowar!
Why are you responding to anything from the Washington post. Trying their best to derail you & stock market, this is smear watch out. Setup
Wag the dog. Watch it.
If you listened to REAL news you would see they are all talking about it.
YU R NOT qualified- yu've ZERO exp outside your BUBBLE- seriously-WHEN was the laast time yu EVER BENT over at the waist? A golf ball? @CNN
Pretty MUCH TV LAND popped u IN,with ZERO EXP,As a PRESIDER.YuR a DICTATOR in alll yu do. Zero FLXIBLE,HARMONIOUS THINKING #Resign Its WRONG
I just told my dad today that I feel safe with you in office.
I'm not in office. If I were America would be legitimately be #1 everywhere.
But I was talking about pres trump being the pres.
I know lol
Is Hope Hicks' mouth as good as Melania's?  Lie about this and we'll do to you what Republicans did to Clinton.
Michael you have a sick mind ,i have been fighting this on twiter,now this sick tweets start to come up here,i am going to see who you are..
Speak English much?
um actually they have. Watch something besides Fox maybe? Better yet...do your job like BHO did, and stop watching TV.




We are at war with libtard traitors
Actually no, simple person. That is totalitarianism in a Communist dictatorship.
And speaking ill of the president is not Treason. If that were the case, your pony Donald would have been in the pokey a long time ago.
Fight hard against NK
The Fake News Media will not talk about the importance of the United Nations Security Council's 15-0 vote in favor of sa...
President  plz  fight hard  against NK
Because Puerto Rico is falling apart you asshole
Votes don't mean a fucking thing if you don't do anything with them.
How about we start enforcing them?
Ok, but could you put some people to work on getting monsanto out of government so american people can eat healthy food please? Thanks
I'm all 4 hearing of peace talks Don but isn't sanctions just gunna instagate more unwanted conflict?
Yes, and that is why its important you do talk about it.. Thank You, Great Job!!
It was all over news--except the fake news you watch, cite & spew. They also reported other news from the UNITED NATIONS you failed to post:
You are certifiable and the worst liar ever.
#FactYou45
If it threatens USA, then sanctions should be in place, but if it only threatens you, think twice -mad cow
You get blocked yet?
#TrumpLies #TrumpRussia HE IS TRYING TO DISTRACT YOU!
快点打朝鲜，不要屈服于他背后的流氓。
latest DOUBLE STANDARD (August 7, 2017; 16:15 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
,...but you're IN LOVE WITH (August 7, 2017; 16:15 EDT) #VLADIMIRPUTIN #RUSSIA #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
so you RAIL AGAINST..., (August 7, 2017; 16:15 EDT) #NORTHKOREA #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Yes, sir, the media DID in fact cover this fact.
Seize the means of production lmao
Absolutely mr
do not pay attention to your detractors because they want you to delay your plans towards north Korea.
And we're stuck with you as a president. Sometimes life's not fair buddy
They dont care to.
Hang in there Sir, we need your leadership more than ever. Never kind the candy ass crybabies.
Climate change
When the influenced United Nations support the Actions of the gov it is lauded when it doesn't nothing is heard. Same with the constitution
New Executive order idea: What warning should be posted on all media who uses a rating scale to establish content.
That's not true I heard it on several channels. Why you must be fake news
world's biggest lier is talking about fake
