After Las Vegas you said “too soon to talk about gun control”. 26 dead in TX, ages 5 to 72. Is it still too soon? Stand up to @NRA.
People respected our president I hope someday who ever is mean order disrespectful to the president or the United States should go to hell and stay there
http://www.die-trump-partei.com 

Ohh that's awesome
pics of Allah be open you too

Do you think he was probably a very smart man? What about some of those fine ppl back in Charlottesville rubbing salt in the wound yesterday

I wish people would stop telling stories about the United States of America
FBI should start being truthful about other people including the United States president of the United States government
Idiot
I know your busy. But i got a question. Do you truly believe in god. I like that you use scriptures in your speeches. I pray god guides you
Still getting the saddo’s on here i see!!!
#MoronDon
Hate to break it to u, but my 9 year old daughter came up with the word 'fake' before u. Her vocab expands beyond 63 words unlike yours.


.@KayaJones honored victims of #LasVegasMassacre by singing God Bless America. Cowards @espn chose NOT to air it. WHY? @unlvfootball 
Fail Like EU?, you ok?, I bet you didn't know American police has killed more people this year than muslin terrorism in Europe since 2000?
Bir instagramın eksikti sosyal medya başkanı gereksiz herif
Beni engeller bu yakında :)
Great job Mr. President 
Do you still think that this massacre car was "wonderful quote
President Trump please wake up and realize that it is Control that is needed to help prevent attacks like this in the future
You can tweet about it as much as you'd like but in reality that won't stop the future attack.
We need a president who will take action to help prevent attacks like this. Not a president who simply tweets about them.  It's time to resign.
Otherwise an indictment maybe coming…
Trump manages to make every crisis about himself.
Another fake Rachel Maddow wannabe!
Pathetic. Weak, impotent leadership. Two huge chances to be a consoler to the affected.  Failed both times. Do yourself ac favor. #Resign
Where's your leadership Don? How can this not be your priority?
Increasingly painful to undestand the american people want to help and US Gov does not want to help. WE NEED WATER!  @UN @washingtonpost
@Teamsters might have a better answer
How many die if that madman had emerged from behind the stage and started shooting on a "flat line trajectory"? 100's? 1000?
But we won't be there for Americans citizens in #PuertoRico.  We only went to see the devastation in the high end city, NOT the countryside.
Ochinchin land 
58 lost souls won’t have a say in the gun control discussion. I bet they would oppose #bump-stock device #trump #LasVegasMassacre

DO NOT CNN.
Believe in Trump.
Tell us what's going on, President Trump.
We sure don't listen to @NBCNews. 
"No Body Cares" network...
Trump Won. Thank goodness.
And America lost !
Donald Trump you are a liar

Of course that’s where you make your $$$
#Resign
UNFOLLOW!
President Trump  is taking back America for the silent majority!
#BuildTheWall
Actions speak louder than Fake News. Keep up the good work sir! #PrayForVegas #TrumpTrain #MAGA
Trump 2020
The Greatest President Ever! God bless you Mr President 

Amen!

They say "now is not the time" to discuss gun laws.  But apparently it is the time to discuss the Las Vegas tragedy in campaign fundraising email saying "contribute", "visit our store."

Give it up
Your visit to Vegas was all abt public relations. You care abt them as much as you do the people of Puerto Rico....meaning you don't.
All you care abt is you and your image, which right now, by the way, is not too good. 32% approval. Sad.
Ohhh thanks for sharing a video of your "WONDERFUL " time in Las Vegas
President weak.
We have no President of the United States.
Says the “doctor” who spends all day attacking the president on twitter
Thank you President Trump for being a great commander-in-chief 

If shooter was Muslim Trump and his administration would not stop beating their chests. However a white male reaping havoc...no big deal!!
Trump himself is actually a white terrorist himself, if you really think about it!
You keep tweeting the same but do nothing about gun control.  Propaganda won't save you with 32 pct approval rating

#DonaldTrumpWeak
That is a ridiculous thing to say. Democrats don't want terrorism to happen any more than you do. We have to stop this division right now.
If anyone supports violence, though, it is the war hawk you put into office.
I don't think all republicans are the same, but @realDonaldTrump has shown that he doesn't care about civil rights or the welfare of others.
Leave the basement, turn off the television, go outside, and realize there's a real world around you
It's funny all the perverts make the same faces 
That’s hilarious.
you're white hats are trying to prepare us, please advise
White nationalists are strongly urged to go soak their heads
Don't be triggered little snowflake
Aww see here's the thing, your kind got it's ass kicked in WWII, and believe me Americans will do it again.
What are you talking about, I am not of a "kind", keep spewing hate and ignorance
Ok... are you confused or something?
A reckoning is coming to the US, we are going to take this country back. The people will have a voice again & the law won't protect the few
I agree with you, guess it's still up in the air about who you think I am and who you represent.
Don't do to Las Vegas,what you did to Atlantic City.

@POTUS
Help & save Rohingya please...contact us
Just  celebrated  my hometown fire festival in Tamale, Ghana.
Hire me : https://goo.gl/WuzNW6 
my portfolio:http://rtahmin.com 
Hey people give trump respected in the u.s
Great job Mr President
POLL 

How did Trump handle this tragedy?

Vote below and retweet!

#ReTweet: to let law
enforcement officers
know you appreciate
the #work they do to…

How fast can President
#Trump build a #wall to
Mexico? #BuildTheWall

…

NFL FANS CHANT
#USA USA USA 

WE LOVE AMERICA

…

  WE FOUND The 60
Minutes Interview George
Soros Tried To Bury  

#WATCH: The moment
Las Vegas Terror Attack
survivor Natalia reunites,
hugs rescuer   …

Officer Cook, was shot in
#LasVegas: Says It's what
I signed up for, I want to be
there to face evil & protect…

 We Salute Murdered
Manhattan Beach Police
#Officer #RachaelParker…

"I will never lie down when
the President @POTUS 
comes to shake my hand"…

Firefighter FIRED for ‘Racial Insensitivity’ After Bringing in a Watermelon.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Os8TKN0cY7g … 
طتبجظاكفس
The only way to stop a bad guy with a gun -- for him not to have the gun in the first place. #LasVegasShooting
How you gonna do that? Even if every law abiding citizen gave up their guns, how are they going to get them from bad people.
Well Australia managed... Do your homework.
Do my homework? hahaha OK. Australia is a beautiful place to live. I am sure they would welcome you with open arms! #Loveyouenoughtoletyougo
It's a country our president said had a better health care system than ours.  Maybe part of that is fewer people getting shot. Look learn
Something wrong with wanting to improve life here in the USA?.
You may believe that would help but i do not. Many people agree with me and many agree with you. The debate will continue. Happy trails
#GunControl is needed!
What do you propose?
Nationwide mandatory safety and training classes, stricter background checks, more severe penalties for negligence, ammo limits
First violates 2A
Stricter in what sense?
Negligence of whom?
Impossible to enforce and violates 2A.
haha none of that violates the 2A! negligence laws r already a thing but punishment is 2 lenient, states already require training. try again
Which state requires training to possess?
Again, negligence of whom?
you have the internet. look it up. im not your teacher.
Your claim not mine.
No answers!
Strange, I haven't seen a #PuertoRicoStrong  out of you? They are #USA as well. Forgot them already? Never forget nor forgive you Dump!

tRump, Las Vegas was strong before you went there, despite you being there, and will be LasVegasStrong long after they impeach you.
What actions can government do to stop a crazy person from killing.
did u notice his girlfrnd is from Phillip...sharia land.. + moved to Aussy when they started to run it over.....notice was White SUV stolen.
When are you going to tell us about the #Antifa connection?
It is so touching, so moving, and so true

L'hommage poignant de Jason Aldean aux victimes de la tuerie de Las Vegas
Today in light of neo nazis matching again on Charlottesville you're only concern is what being said about you.  This proves criticism of u
Of course this picture would be of you 

Pathetic , even Vegas you make about yourself if you really cared you wouldn't not a stricter gun laws, but the NRA OWNS YOU !
Incoming liberal hate comments*

Hallo Mr. President. Werden wir bald Krieg haben?
Isn't it terrible that the Saudi Kingdom is part owner of the Mandalay Bay, and POTUS45 just made a HUGE weapons deal with them? What the...

Stand strong Honorable President Trump,USA ,ppl,are lost in hate .we shall overcome.We,have a plan.We are The,United,States of America!!!
Praying for Las Vegas, praying for USA , MAY god bless you sir @realDonaldTrump  and may God bless USA  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
THE ONLY VIDEO AMERICANS WANT TO SEE OF YOU IS WHEN YOU'RE ON DEATH ROW AWAITING YOUR EXECUTION
People kill people !
More restrictions means only criminals will have guns ? Not what I want !
More tweeting, less doing from the @WhiteHouse
Shame on you that voted this imbecile in as president ,before he's done ,he will bring America down !
Are you going to state this was a domestic terrorist act?  Yes or no???
Why would one beg for an endorsement from you from great state of TN  you have to figure that TN would be a radical state. Hmm think not...
Decertify the Iran Nuclear Deal and you will be responsible for all consequences this will bring. History won’t let you evade responsibilty
donald try not to make it all about yourself mate
pouring into the country, bad trade deals, the lack of respect from other countries, and even that nut job in North Korea

I have finally signed up on twitter....just so I could read your tweets...and possibly reply. Want you to know I support you!
Trump, you, sir, are a loser.
Vlad will be pissed at you if you didn't get him anything for his birthday. Might even release the pee pee tapes.

Me. President, thank you for starting to get back the money “Jungle Bunny “ & his family spent traveling the vacation spots of the world !!!
Oh, & him using AF 1. For Hillary’s campaign. I think most of the money went up his nose! That’s why , all the stupid crap he did !

plotus n phlotus took over not apple n oranges
#VegasStrong 
#USA 
#GodBlessPOTUS 
#GodBlessFLOTUS
Thank our God Almighty for u wonderful president Trump that u really care about the American people
Lastly @JoeHNewYork @PFields00 @jerrymikestorie @DuncanIrish  @webeenhadfolks @wisecc1 @rldcarync @Zekson10 @kenfriend55 @jrwade1955
@realDonaldTrump
More proof of Trumps lies and fail
https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2017/10/08/politics/donald-trump-bob-corker-tweets/index.html …
Are you and @vp still fund raising off the Las Vegas tragedy? It's really deplorable and disgusting of both of you and GOP. Shame!
The true source of the shootings are Psyche Drugs! Prozac killers useful idiots helping gun grabbers.
Yes, use that horrible act to make a fundraising film. You are so very disrespectful.
Imgur Post - Imgur
Whoever made that video doesn't know what happened in LV last Sunday.  Kinda weird, as it was all over the news
Put your damn phone down and care about the job!
Doos, if you want to make #LasVegasShooting end, you'd do something about gun laws.


Not enough. Come up with a way to stop something similar in the future. A good president would. #DementedDonnie
Again, how do you sleep at night Sarah?
Yup, the usual meaningless rhetoric of phony prayers and no action. Most worthless POTUS ever.
Umm...ok? Where was the comforting of victims? Why didn't you call the shooter a "son of a bitch"?

This fool uses every tragedy to promote himself. Don't wait until it's your tragedy to finally wake up. He's showing U who he is BELIEVE HIM
When I clicked on the instagram link, I expected 2 see something related 2 #lasvegasstrong, not another f*cking picture of YOU .#narcissist
Wish u were.. strong.
You blamed Obama for San Bernardino so I assume Vegas is your fault. So much for the president of law and order.
you made it all about you. Wtf is wrong with you?!?!? Clown.
The instigator and divisive in chief are part to blame about the hatred engulfing this country!
This is the same type of person you are Donald a bully a pushover don’t know enough sense to get out of the rain
Perhaps instead of gun control-drug control is the real issue
Not sure what you're trying to say here but keep at it! #Youwillgetitoneday
Las Vegas strong, White House weak
lie lie lie
White propaganda bs. You and your bots are fueling us to resist you. Every single minute of every single day. I refuse to watch crazy.
Delusional Donnie a national embarrassment irrational illegitimate illegally occupying a stolen office while he & his kids rob us blind!
BAD
Really? How about Gun Control Strong? That's what would've helped the people in LV.


From Las Vegas: thank you Mr. President 
You need to see this...
Looks like you didn't even read the replies.
Absolutely. Reinstate the Fairness Doctrine!!!!
弈之「道德經」第四十二章
原生质，质生空，空生时，时生万物。
宇宙显物而隐事，生灭以为能。
月之变位，皆按时拓空，故显亮而隐行。
凡月或升而潮涨，或降而潮落；月位生灭，能翻海涛。
记月相只须描写，解月动还须思量。

Corker's office going on record, saying Trump called senator last Monday, asked him to run and offered endorsement. http://www.cnn.com/2017/10/08/politics/donald-trump-bob-corker-tweets/index.html …
I said to a Forensic Psychiatrist (worked with murderers) many years ago that killers are sick or crazy. His reply "many are pure EVIL!"
This us #VegasStrong We were strong before. We are stronger now. Don't insult us by acting like u give a shit. Las Vegas is TRUE BLUE!!!
You are only fooling your own creatures.
People richer then you are obviously telling you what to say and to do. That makes you a FAKE president.
You will do nothing to admonish free gun laws because selling a gun that murders carries less responsibility than selling a joint that calms
#shameful #coward #donaldtrump #nazi #nra #garbage #trash #filth #ImpeachTrump #treason #GUILTY #RussiaGate #bankrupt #traitor #LasVegas
With no help from you!

https://youtu.be/p4rRCjrAyCs 

Isn't it interesting that those caterwauling about gun control to save innocent lives have no problem aborting an innocent life? #MAGA
Gun control.
Right to live is more important than gun rights
People are dying
How sweet. What are you going to do to prevent this from happening again?

God is with all of us we can only pray that our president does his best everyday I know he has a heart but what will it take only lord knows
#AntiTrumpStrong
At this point I'm convinced Trump doesn't know how to do anything without making it all about himself.


These PR videos are so disturbing... they aren’t about the victims, tragedies or responders... as usual, they’re about YOU!
You’re a sad man

