We never stopped believing. We're just pissed you're destroying America. Maybe believe in us and not Russia.
That's something coming from a fear monger who makes all his goods overseas, favors Russia over America and hires foreign workers at hotels.
Did you think of that all by yourself?
I believe in myself, I believe in my future and the future of my children and I believe that America will prevail despite your presidency.
we can't believe in our country any longer. Yup are ripping our country to shreds. We're going to have nothing left.

I believe less gov't would be good for America. While we're at it, reduce war just 1% to fund social security forever.
I for one am with you Mr. President  let's do this ... #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Love President Trump
Make Russia Great Again
That can never be done as long an u are president. U don't even believe in yourself, want to be like Obama...never!
Я прошу всех граждан верить в вас, верить в ваше будущее и снова верю в Америку,eh?
Absolutely.  Just don't ask 63% of citizens to believe in YOU bc, well, they don't.
God Bless you @realDonaldTrump. Keep up the fight. Draining the swamp isn't easy but I believe in you. #maga #stopHate
Now you're a true #hater. #sad #UniteAmerica
As citizens I believe in America, believe in myself, look forward to see mine N other citizens' future be great again thru your team works
@POTUS forge ahead and leave the idiots to your lawyers
God bless you Mr President and God Bless America. We are all Americans no matter Race, Religion, Political Party. Lets stop the hate.
We will once you are out of office. That Mafia operation of yours is holding us back.
by America first, you actually mean Russia first and America second, right..?
Hi Don! Jim here. Just got a brilliant idea. Comey. Left job. Huge book deal. Don. Leaves job. Huger book deal. Score! You win!
RESIGN and make America great again.
And buy my clothes line that is make in China and by the way my daughters clothes line is also made in China
Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my "wires tapped" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!
Here's where it all started the slippery slope down the toilet slide of life BOOM BOOM BOOM
Go fuck yourself. You're horrible.
This is my favorite hobby of yours.
It's my most stressful hobby. :)
I believed in America 100% until you began destroying it with your words, recklessness, unprofessionalism, childishness, vindictiveness etc
Fuck you.
I never stopped believing- just became concerned when you were elected.

We don't believe you; you are ruining America. Lies and Russia. Oh and don jr
Time to go Donny boy - you have FAILED and there is now back
A strong America is better for the entire world
We believe in America.  That's why you scare the hell out of us.

Trump requested 76 foreign workers for his "Made in America" weeks, saying there aren't enough American workers: https://www.buzzfeed.com/jsvine/trumps-florida-clubs-want-to-hire-more-foreign-workers … 
aww is Donald upset he didn't do well at the G20?
Huuu let's be patient to see who will vote him for the second term
#TRUMP2020
Such an uplifting @POTUS what a refreshing change.
How to can work that metal factory? Can simone help please ?
We believe in the rule of law, Donny. We fought for it. Your time is short; enjoy the ride
but will we fight for it again at home if need be?????????????????????
We took an oath to defend the Constitution. I don't think there's an expiration date
should I get ready, then??????????
I'm still not tired of winning!!!!!
NEVER STOPPED!! #MAGA
@gcamp4 THANK YOU #GAPA GREATEST AMERICAN PATRIOT ALIVE. ..
What happened to the SMALL BUS  tax reductions only the BIG BUS got help
The people are the the Foundation of this country restore dignity pride and respect for people that has the experience to continue to make things right

Hey!!Hawww! ALABAMA.....If you embrace Roy Moore & Donald Trumps views. It means you embrace "Isils" views on pedophilia and child molestation. Remember Isils?. The guys you hide under your blanket from.   Americ…

I agree 100 percent with and Believe 100 percent in myself, in my future and as well as others Future. I agree 100 percent and Believe 100 percent in President Donald J. Trump and his vision, his message for America. Yes it’s truly America First
You are fighting an uphill battle. Keep at it
I believe in America, which is why. I will give our president a fair chance.  I am happy to know we have a president who puts us first. 
Shouldn't that be "believe in the future of White America" ?
Who cares what color you are??? Being a productive member of society is not too much to ask for. Why are liberals so against AMERICA FIRST?
#ImWithMueller
Mueller your fired..
Let him try and see what happens. If he's not guiltily, then he shouldn't be worried. Right Lisa Day???
Mueller is spending to much money on this witch hunt..
Least of our concern. Too much money? Trump should golf less. How about that?
Make GOD #1 in all we do  Put GOD back in America again Only Jesus saves!
I believe you should resign
@BabyBoom4Trump I believe in you. Please don't let the haters detract you.
We do now!!!
We love you right back!  Feel our appreciation and respect for you always....and forever!

We do - it’s your sorry ass we don’t believe in!!
Our country is thriving again because of you.  Best president of my lifetime.  Thank you
We do, we just don’t believe you.
Go Trump, you are doing your best by all the good solid Americans, in a style that you can deliver and follow through on, please have a word with our PM who seems to have lost her way!
Not only America will progress and is saved..but the whole World feel save now in the hands of President Trump. God bless President Trump.
Our prez knows what it means 2B a real, red blooded, God fearing American. He exemplifies patriotism. May God always bless him & his e/day..
Amen!! Most importantly Jesus Christ. Blessed is the land whose God is the Lord. Psalm 33:12
https://twitter.com/mechelle1966/status/934847506797727744 …  #TaxReform #ABetterDeal #GOPTaxScam #GOPTaxPlan #DemPartyPlatform
Write your representatives and let them know you will vote against them if they vote for the Tax bill.  https://www.house.gov/representatives 
me and my wife at the range.the second amendment is now safe.

You're right about that AND this IS OUR LAST CHANCE!
We're just asking you to GET OUT?
WE THE PEOPLE VOTED!! Get off ur couch & vote next time
While U collude w/Rus's Senior KGB to sabotage U.S.A. w/the World. RUS Communist State Allies w/Iran, NK, China, Syria. Get the Pic Amer?

We are but you the ass in the way DUMP TRUMP HES PARDONING HIMSELF SO HEADMITS TO TREASON N SLANDER COLLUSION LIES
The daca cave was bad
Oh, don't worry,  we believe in ourselves.   We just don't believe in you!
Trump should RESCIND congressional exemption from Obamacare
I, much like many of my fellow Americans, NEVER stopped believing. It is the weak and the fearful that gave up that you prey on. #shameful
We r 4 sure doing better now 
Obama a total failure media had to cover from day one....
Pres Trump has the PPL ON HIS SIDE N PRESS IS LOSING
We beg you to stop #lying stop stiffing contractors, stop #nepotism stop selling out to the Russians and start to pay your #taxes
That will only happen when you get kicked out of office.
So what are wages and are you only creating new jobs via rich corporations???
Please educate the public on false flags and the true power of the Rothschild family.
I don't need you to tell me this.  I've never stopped believing in the #USA.
As soon as you are out of office we will all feel good again 
(2) Pray for them! When people choose to be different that's ok! But I was taught There is always a right way & a wrong way! -
Please "stay the course" because we are proud of you Mr. @POTUS. Mr. VP Pence is an amazing VP
Amen President Trump! Your such a blessing to this Country! Your the only one that can get us back on track and I thank you Sir! #LockHerUp
Have you read his book? Here's an excerpt.

I believe in America and me. I dont believe in you and your crooked white house
Scary propaganda stuff trumpsters--see through it please. #invoke25445 #Seethruit
But, we don't believe your lies.
I did believe in America until a whole bunch of people elected a racist

are you OK
Then stop abusing your people publicly. This is a loyal voter speaking. It's unseemly & hurting you
I do
None of those things should include you.  Get out of their way so they can believe in the future.
I'm working for a Better America #TheResistance  one without the rich raping the poor. #FreePress
I believe that potus is mentally unstable IE unfit to hold office. His kids are doing potus by proxy. RICO charges for the criminal family
@Trump_World 
Prez, we believe in you, our constitution, laissez faire, & less gov't. Keep on pluggin.
Less healthcare less jobs for sure. Less lying would help too.
#ImWithMueller
Pushing for the Golden Block, eh? 
How you doin Lars?  ((Hug))
((Hug)) right back. :-) I’m not bad. Lotta medical issues this summer (not me, family members), but nothing truly awful. You?
It's year of spending money we don't have. Furnace in January, A.C. system last wk, braces for middle child next month.  And Jrs COLLEGE!
HVAC. Ouch, that shit’s expensive. And not only is college hideously expensive, but it adds insult to injury by reminding us of our age. 
We will as soon as TRAITOR TRUMP and his traitor kids are in jail enemy of the American People forget impeach, indict under RICO
Sadly, the only thing no one can believe in is YOU! Stop lying, stop deceiving, and for God's sake, stop tweeting...you're an embarrassment

We believe you are a lunatic suffering from #Dementia
LOVE it.
GREAT JOB!!
God bless you my brother Donald J Trump you were elected and given that chair to do what you are doing now do not stop for anything
Agree
@DonaldJTrumpJr

U R truly the only hope. U care & hate inj. People wake up b4 2 late! All the untrue promises of past leaders, empty words 4 votes look see
1st time ever, people have hope, we continue to support our President!
do you believe in a Flat Earth.I'm having s few problems with dissenters. Figured by now you'd have visited Antarctica ??
Sorry but I dont believe in you
How can we believe. How can we feel American. You are destroying that feeling. You are trying to segregate everyone.
I believe in America. That's why I spend part of every single day actively resisting you, Red Don!
Mostly the treason, grifting, racism, & sexism stuff.
Now that your our President, we FINALLY can have hope for America, you are doing a FANTASTIC JOB. GOD BLESS THE USA.
The only way that happens, I believe, is if you quit!
Most of us have never stopped believing in America. It's you that the majority (i.e. popular vote) of us don't believe in tRumpy.

If you think that's bad. Here's pages 1-3 of the affidavit filed on @realDonaldTrump for sex assault on a minor. Pages 4-6 follow. 
That's all mighty fine BUCKO, but it's to BAD we can't believe YOU, or anyone with last name TRUMP! all LIARS
I believe! I don't believe in liberal socialism. Their whole agenda is Gov CONTROL, cradle to grave. It's wrong. Free people can't be owned!
I believe whole-heartedly in the US Constitution. You are attempting to destroy it. Shame on you.
WE BELIEVE!!!
北朝鮮がミサイルを発射するタイミングを時系列で追ってみると不思議な事が分かります。２０１７年１月以降、安倍政権に不都合が生じると、それを揉み消す様に，必ず北朝鮮がミサイルを発射してます（10回の発射とも）。もはや安倍政権・金正恩の間にホットラインがあると見るのが自然！実態解明を！
I never stopped believing in America. You've managed to shake that belief a time or two. But "this too shall pass". 3.5 years to go.
We do. We just don't believe in our president.
Why haven't you put Hillary in jail?
A good start would be to end crony capitalism, but do you have the balls to do it?
Go away.  Let us perge those who do not stand for OUR Constitution. 240 years will not be devalued or discounted by privileged draft dodger.
It's hard to have faith when traitors like L. Gutierrez claim they're going to flood in Socialist voters until they regain control of Cong.
AMEN!
@DonaldJTrumpJr We always believed in America.  It's you we don't believe in
We believe hence #resist #ResistTrump bc we KNOW how great our country can be with you gone!!
Please don't call us citizens. While taxed against our will, we are unknowing slaves suffering from Stockholm syndrome.
Fool
Use prestige of presidential office, leadership reputation among members of Congress, heal deeply divided country after bitter 2016 election
This is the message we need more of everyday as a country to regain hope in the American dream and accomplishment of our people.

America future depends on you Mr President the people believe in you
BECAUSE WE CERTAINLY DONT BELIEVE IN YOU, ENJOY YOUR FINAL DAYS IN PRISON. LOSER PREZ

THANK YOU MR. PRESIDENT FOR ALL THAT YOU DO!
Russian Stooge Monkey Nazi Narcissistic Knob Jockey.
It's kind of hard to believe in our country, with a lunatic running it!
Well give paraprofessionals in Louisiana a raise. Making $12,000. 00 is for the bulls.
You induce the division in this country.  I am not your citizen, you are not my president. You do not make me believe...you make me vomit.
Despite your poor, disjointed, and inconsisten actions, words, and tweets, we still love our country.  Its YOU we mistrust
Mr President:  HOW DARE YOU?  Too much of a COWARD to serve yourself (4 deferments? 5?), you PRESUME to dictate who may serve!  SHAME ON YOU
LOVE IT
I believe your going to be impeached!
And we are asking you to keep believing in yourself. They are trying to pressure you out of office. In my eyes.
Not as long as you are their leader.
Keep up the good work. Keep draining the swamp. The Real American people are glad you are doing a great job.
Love ur inspirational words, Mr. PRESIDENT. your humble servant constituent and proud social media eagle..
Go Trump...Thank u 4 being r President...
Learn not to lie
Okay, but not the GOP.
Personal responsibility MUST be taught to next gen. They will arrive in life where they first BELIEVE, then ACHIEVE. #MAGA
