Make America safe again by not tweeting
MY HEART POURED OUT TO THIS AMERICAN FAMILY.. OBAMA AND THE DEMOCRATS HAVE BLOOD ON THEIR HANDS ON THIS ONE... REMEMBER OBAMA PRAISED CASTRO
Praying for this Dad and his family God Bless you President Trump for listening to this Dad's story.
GOD comfort all who have lost family to illegal murderers. 
I will never understand giving sanctuary to someone breaking the law.
I believe you have to give anyone a chance. Trump has had haters from start I think he's doing a wonderful job. Wish he was my PM from UK
We have to put a stop to Sanctuary Cities for this reason not to mention many other reasons!!!
#masa Make America Safe Again lets get #masa trending
Inb4 liberals twist that hashtag with gold medal mental gymnastics by implying that it has something to do with being slavery apologists
ok thanks for the explanation i just a pretty girl and was like huh lol
you are the best president so far
Won't work to make us safer! VAST MAJORITY of crimes (more than 90%) are committed by US citizens. MOST by WHITE MEN! How does this help?!
Humm sounds like fake news to us. Must be into Hillary.  finger one nationality. Crime is crime No matter what nationality committed it. 
Just stating facts from the FBI's crime report. The FACT is white males commit the majority of violent crimes in US. Thats not racist - FACT
Newly arrived immigrants commit very small percentage of crimes in this country. FACT! Read the FBI's report before calling me racist!
I'm a white male, BTW. Stating FACT that  white males commit most violent crime in US doesn't make me racist. Makes me informed. READ FBI!!
#BuildKatesWall
Stop exploiting this family for your personal gain!
this man saying "like a rabid Pitbull" is offensive and stereotypical.
It's offensive to many of us.
we are getting things done.  1st by destroying #FakeNews.
I do believe more Americans are killed by Americans than all illegal immigrants combined over the last decade!  Don't
God bless them both. May Trump knock them ALL out of OUR land! Period.
Wow..and according to the left Trump is doing NOTHING!  WAKE UP! Our @POTUS is doing what is necessary to #MAGA.
So sorry for the loss of Mr Shaw's son.  Glad to have a President who is trying to stop (some of) the madness!
Thank you for making America safe again.
Donald Trump am with you on this one. Keep it going .I assure you, this would definitely sail through.
The best! Making America Proud and Great again!!!!
Why worry now he's our President get with it
So true
I am satisfied with this bill I live in Stockton CA I am looking at corruption in Stockton CA ain't no one step up I'm living in a hatecrime
I'm SO SORRY U LOST UR SON ..so needless & the ppl who control r govt might just as well have pulled trigger themselves ..CRUEL & FIENDISH
So whoever votes against it should be held accountable. Illegal act happens, criminal and one of their family members go to jail. Solved.
They pack the jails with minor drug offenders, so they can't hold violent offenders!  That's the real problem,  not illegal immigrants!
Sir I am so sorry for the loss of your son...pray

Quote me on that but I guess it's better to be killed by another American, right?  Dead is dead
GOOD JOB!!! This is what America NEEDS!!!
Can't wait until they vote in your impeachment
I see three checkboxes... Trouble counting again? Kinda like every single day for you, huh?
It's a good thing no natural born American citizen ever committed a violent crime!
Spreading hatred & fear against immigrants is sickening. This is something Hitler did against the Jews. Beneath the presidency.  UnAmerican.
Oops you forgot the word illegal !

We need to pass a bill banning millionaires from ruining for public office.

Thank you and your family.MAGA
My condolences friend.
Today, the House votes on two crucial bills: #NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct #KatesLaw Pass these bills &amp; lets… ht...
this is dangerous propaganda Mr trump. To play off of fear and a single freak incident.
I agree with Getting rid of the illegals. Disagree on the Trump Comments. TRUMP is Dangerous for POC. VERY DANGEROUS
what is dangerous about a MAN that does what he states.. Tired of push overs. Tired of Black looking for handouts.
Handouts! Lmao the only black people looking for handouts are Diamond and silk, Terrance Williams and @SheriffClarke but I your a Raciest!
Neither on welfare and wic crying becuz they cant get govt cheese. They more popular than you.
Haha! Your so Silly I actually work for a living while they get money from the Trump Campaign. These are FACTS.
How can the USA hire these jealous Stockton Social Security workers who running America with jealousy,hate,greed, stalking me hatecrime
Stockton CA police 5cops Attacked my son handcuffed him then sick cop dog on my son year later my 15 yr old son was killed wow.Hatecrime
This is not good bye sir, we will one day see our children in Heaven.
Sir, Pres Trump honestly cares about all Americans. He doesn't look down on us with his nose in the air like many politicians do today.
Embrues all Democratic who's States are having a terrible time with Obamacare
POTUS you have the support of the American People!
GET. THE.  ILLEGAL S. CAUGHT. AND. OUT. OF. OUR. COUNTRY. MAKE. AMERICA. SAFE
AMERICA. LETS. MAKE. AMERICAN. SAFE.  WE. NEED. TO. GET. RID.  OF. THESE.  CRIMINALS. AND. MAKE.  AMERICA. SAFE. FROM. ALL. THREATS.
you and your family are in my prayers
Republican doesn't= conservative in Washington anymore! 2018 time to vote them out!!!
m. . mm..
Stop listening to the female that's lying to you step up to me already and help
Stop Cherry Picking shit...  Lock up them Racist WHite Boys you have given courage who continue to be the leaders of Terrorism in America..
If he didn't tweet you all would never have any real news to bitch about. You'd be getting an even worse narrative from MSM.
Hey I bet you all like what your 401 k looks like! Oh that's if you have a job...
we need to arrest all the judges and any elected officials that have conspired to harbor criminals .They are not above the law.

It's very sad to loose a child to this kind
Lawlessness in this country.criminals set free so they can kill innocent people.Blame the mayors
Yes
What about Connecticut 
チョコボールが３つ並んでますね
そうなるとさしずめあなたは金の玉ですか？
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJ1PDsD26zyK4FD6NeBtoK6SXUz09y94FTOv00/ …
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJo6hxDm5SGls0WJKxbj_Yj2x5bTqIjIsgDhM0/ …
No I think Trump, his family, his administration , & @FoxNews are Satans Disciples
wanna shoot him
such a racist administration
Step by step
How will the liberals spin this? Russians?  Yep, thats it..that man is not from L.A.  he is from Russia!! Lol
What about all of the citizens killing citizens?
Seriously assault on a peace  officer you'd be scalped in MT by the police we have a lot of cop on native biased opinions
VOTE NO SANTUARY CITIES. IF THEY DO OUST THEM
Of course it has to be illegal immigrant
Your @#% kissing Uncle Tom will see how "awesome" you are when you have Klansman Jeff Sessons start putting more black men in jail again.
It will take more than this to make America safe. Kate killed by a BLM law enforcement gun left in car.
when will we learn
YOU PROBABLY HAVE THEM WORKING IN THOSE HOTELS YOU ARE BUILDING AND PROFITING FROM
AMERICA. WE NEED TO WAKE THE HELL UP AND HELP MR. TRUMP AS MUCH AS WE CAN !!!!!!!!!!!! PART OF MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !!!!!
ABSOLUTELY !!!!!!!!.................................TOTALLY !!!!!!!!!!


yaey Donnie has two rights but failed all others... Clap for him #ValidationSeeker
1000 women & children are killed in Jamen,Afga,Erag,Sirya bay USA army let make USA safe baykilligthe word ( D.TRUMP )
Love love love this!!! I live in California and we need to help here A lot of it
Here's a fact 

Donald Trump sounds like donald duck and what dose donald duck not ware pants so donald trump is a non pants warning duck
You're kicking ass Donald behind you 100%
If you want to make America safe aging u should move
Mama Val your just like all the other democrats...... get over it.
Everyone is working on these bills except you. You dont know much
Thank You for this and EVERYTHING else you and your Team have been working on and DOING!!! So Proud of you, Mr. President Trump
Fox news: 
Great interview ! Let's rejoice Trump was elected ! Build the Wall, secure the boarders !
President Trump, Please let Americans donate a brick for your wall with the names of their ancestors that came here LEGALLY.
Leave President trump alone, he is Gods messenger and doing his work.
All I know is: trump is saved and a true Christian give him time and God will work on him. He will be filled with the Holy Spirit.
BIG hurdle ahead. This is a small win for you... 
But hype it up - helps to laugh.
Stop watching Fox News they will lead you astray each and every time
Yeah let's all play make believe and watch fake news.
Awesome guy ?  Lol
Only crucial bill I know is a tax cut. Have not seen it anywhere.
"Let the man do his job". That needs to be on a t-shirt and worn by everyone in America
Im@so@sorry for your loss.it is rediculous what has gone on
Mr.. Shaws story broke my heart such a good man and father, may God bless him.
Deport these bastards and defend our borders build the wall!!!
Absolutely
Trump used this man's for (his Trump's) agenda.  You better look at these home-grown terrorist born & raised in the U.S.
well done good news for a change
America will never be great again until you are no longer in office
Don't know if you will get this or not thanks for taking up for the American people
What will make America great agin , is when you and Pence are no longer in politics.
The only man who will get revenge is the president Trump and protect victims right and the law
Donald J. Trump
Trump, when was America ever safe and great idiot? Yeah, you're not that bright. #Doniot #DonaldTheIdiot
@andeyesay  These Illegal Immigrants are color-blind and harm anyone and everyone..Thats why we need to stand together against them.
By the way I didn't do anything illegal my grandmother's adopted sad
Then I was approved
By the way applied 8 times did not change anything until the 9th Time WhenGod opened my eyes wI was leaving changed to other only tg changed
Unless you change your race to other absolutely disgusting especially when you pay into it I have the proof to from White to say other
Everybody else can get into government programs or government help and it's funny they're all driving brand new cars but you can't get it
Also as God is my witness pay into the programs and when you need help you can't get it I swear to God unless you change your race to other
Please protect us it is not fair it is disgusting and if you had to go after them they will just run back to their country not fair
Fake news!
