#FakePOTUS #RussianPuppet #MAGA
It was an honest election, I count my blessings daily that President Trump leads our Nation.
@jonbez66 @NBCNews Just confirms it IS adult daycare at 1600 PA. Ave.!!
Donald...We would gladly give up Black Friday shopping this year for an Impeachment party.

#TrumpRussia ##TrumpCrimeFamily #AMJoy #Impeach
Mensa offers to host IQ-test showdown between Trump and Tillerson
While they're at it throw in a psychological evaluation and a lie detector test 2

A billion dollar1 4dat,@renta go make some real money&show ur patriotism tru philanthropy b4 u cud get enuf locus standi2pontificate

Av no time4unintellectual debates bro
I don’t debate with people that call me bro. Have a wonderful life.
We the people of USA love President Trump,his family,his professionalism and dedicated hard work on behalf of All citizens.
You don't speak on behalf of the majority of US citizens.
Dear Melissa,
I speak for the majority of citizens that voted President Trump into office. POTUS works hard on everyone’s behalf,even yours.
Sure he did &he also called you aing moron. He got that right. of the morons
Seriously, this movie sucks. I want my money back.
Yes because you're who we all turn to for fact verification lol. You're so untrustworthy it's scary and laughable.
#PresidentMoron #presidenTraitor #DonnyDayCare #PenceLeftPatriotismStayed
Moron, Moron, Moron
If I'm not supposed to trust reliable journalists, authored professors, the @FBI, or current & former members of presidential administrations, who am I supposed to go to for news? #FakeNews
Dear DJCupcake, Real News sources will back up their reporting with actual FACTS, not made up anonymous BS.
.@BotlineThe https://www.twitter.com/KarenLeeSamson 

YOU CRUSH YOUR OPPONENTS AS U SHD. Chinese say-Choke the Chicken to scare the Monkey @VP @PressSec @newtgingrich @KarlRove @GregGutfeldShow
Trump's strategy to get "cooperation"-Choking a few chickens-a way to make people behave @StephenMillerAL @stephenkbannon @PressSec &
Everyone is against you. Fight it out!
I love how he keeps calling news fake... also   Claims he invented the word#FakePresident
...and you are known far & wide for your truthfulness...
You’re verification doesn’t really mean much.
Didn't realize that news needed to be verified by you.  #tyrant
Who cares what they think Dont lose sleep over the ones that hate you>Lose sleep over protecting us from those who would harm #America #MAGA
Didn’t you have “full confidence“ in Flynn before he resigned? How about Spicer? Or Price? I could go on but what’s the point?
It appears that no one you hired respects you... we wonder why
Why would anyone verify anything from youTrump? All you do is LIE LIE LIE!

#MAGAimpeachTrump
Wow !! You sure shook everyone up about the calm before the storm. Lol
The again, you're also a pathological liar...
Your fake news Donald Trump serious
Like your verification is accurate?
People Puerto Rico is dying do something!!!!!

NBC wouldn't knowareal news story if it walked up singing and bit "em on the ass.
They've mostly resorted to be a tabloid style of writing and reporting on phoney made up stories.
Maybe NBC ought to have their license revoked if they can not prove where their “ News” is coming from. Highly unprofessional= revoking.
Ready for the IQ battle for the ages? I offer Donald Trump, Unelected President and Swindler, against the favorite: my Dachshund Penélope. 
Fake news is what Trump has to say.
The mainstream media have devolved into propaganda outlets.
Fucking moron.
Say something negative about your pal Vladdy. Just one thing. There must be something you don't like about @PutinRF_Eng. U afraid? 
You are literally the most embarrassing leader in history. King George at his craziest was 100 times more sane.
SHUT THE FUCK UP. What are you, FIVE???? #FakePresident #Resign #whineylittlebitch #Youarefakenews #FakeNews #LiarInChief

#ResignMoron
Donald, you are fake news everytime you  speak. I cannot believe how you’ve crapped all over the Office of the President. You are a fraud!
You are the King of FAKE. Fake hair,  fake tan, fake marriage,  fake wealth, fake education,  fake patriot, shall I go on?
Corker is right!! The WH "has become an adult day care center" and you are its biggest baby!!! Gawd! You're such an embarrassment to the US!
But he nailed it on the head when he said you were a moron!!!!
You have zero credibility due to your constant lying. Your next tweet was an outrageous lie. Your word is useless. "I stand by nothing."-You
You don't get to verify news. @NBCNews gets to report it. Done.
That's not how news works.
Craig, Tweek, Cartman and the town of South Park have a message for the DOTARD in office...
No one cares what you say.  Except your family that clings to you for money yet showers your filth off once you ooze away.  #DumpTrump
#moron
Nobody would "verify" anything from an unreliable source like you. You make things up as you go along.
We all LOVE and TRUST you Donald. Keep up the good work. We got@your back.
Maybe not resign..but I notice you aren't denying him calling you a MORON.  Least smart president in the History of the United States... there's your headline. #RESIST45

U just verified it. Whatever u tweet, the opposite is true.
@NBCNews never said he threatened to resign. Your tweet is a lie, (PS: verification from you about what? It was all behind your back)
You are a moron.
As if your verification means something is true?
*sigh* Still bleating the same old BS. But you're happy to RT your besties @foxandfriends whenever they crank up your PR machine for you. 
He called you a moron. Moron. Moron. Dotard
Well nobody believes a fucking thing you say anyway


.
You are a liar... so you cant confirm 
The betting pool is open. I bet he lasts through Dec. That's it.
"Tell Iowa no." You
Is Rex short for T. rex? Or rexall
Who would name a child such a name !!!
Damn Corey's pissed at Trump lol. I didnt vote for him either
No, Tillerson said: "F*cking moron."
Yes he did.
You are fake news
President Trump US. English language is taking a back seat in the job market place. Most jobs require bilingual or Spanish to apply.
thank you Sir
Ohhhh plez  Save it
Hahaha... "no verification" from the biggest loser...er... I mean Liar of them all.  You!
How stupid would you have to be to ever voice such a comment?  Tillerson is not stupid. Keep up the great work.
The news media is like a rabid dog biting, muzzle it or shoot it, the media should back off.
Donald... stop saying fake news... sincerely THE WHOLE FUCKIN WORLD
#AlertTheDaycareStaff
为什么推特中有那么多反对总统先生的声音。中国有一句古话，得民心者得天下。你得不到人民的信任又怎么能造福美国呢？
Maybe, but it would appear he did call you a moron.  Good to see the Secretary of State has better judgement than you.
BigRex is solidly wit d president we know
Every time I hear you say fake news, I think about your involvement with RUSSIA. SO YOU'RE FAKE NEWS DONALD TRUMP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's any matter 
#realnews still telling us about dead service members in Niger. While you tweet about yourself! Selfish!
Rex Tillerson calling Trump a fucking moron is no fakenews. Verification from Sane Americans.
Ha Moron
To hell with fake news!!! #steppingup
Shut up
They never said he did. So actually, your response is fake news, as always.
Who are you? You have no credibility! Who cares what you think!
How many times do you tweet a day Donald? Get a life and do your job man!
http://surpay.site/?r=247276 
It is refreshing having a non-politician as Secretary of State. Tillerson is not running for office, he is just making a great difference.
ONLY liberal fascists believe anything the twisted, lying MSM says.If they say it, I think the opposite is true.
I do not believe anything that trump says. He will br remembered as the president that destroyed America
i plead with you arrest obama this will end the violence,fake media bring peace to america

Sounds like you and alt facts
Rex called Trump a Moron. #MoronDon
No verification from you? Then it is probably true.
And we should trust you ?
You lie so much .... How can you tell the difference between the truth and lies anymore
I'm even more disturbed by this spin from http://townhall.com : https://townhall.com/columnists//richgalen/2017/10/12/tillerson-n2394166?utm_source=ra&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=nl …
#firetillerson he is a Globalist and we want the swamp drained not aided and abetted!
Yes we see and now we need to be a very critical to all of what we see or read because you cannot trust anything or any media reporting.
Verification from you would mean a 71% chance that it's a lie.
No, but he did call you a MORON, and rightly so.
You're not smart he is. Would you know if he threatened to resign.
..... but he did call you a moron. Which is pretty lenient for what you really are.
Says he who speaks with forked tongue... like you verifying it makes it true? Hahahahahahahaha. #resign #25thAmmendmentNow
The only fake is our president
How about this. Stop attacking the news outlets and do your job, your ratings are low!!!
No one wants or needs your verification they report the True News resign immediately
Fake News is reneging on your tax forms you promised to supply. Your Fake magazine cover.Your Fake inaugural attendance Fake wealth & more.
Bahahaha! Really trump? U feel that small u have to fight everything? If I was going to resign I wouldn't tell my boss b4. #trumpthetard
We’ll find out when he does end up “resigning”...
Please thank Tillerson and Kelly for babysitting.  They are probably the only adults in the White House.
FMOTUS.  You know what that means? The first 2 letters stand for fucking moron.  The rest you can figure out with your high IQ. FM!
Fake president!!!Moron

You spout more fake news than anybody else!! I’m still counting on you going to prison. #TrumpISfakenews
the tillerboy does not have any IQ to compare with you! That's why he goes to Fake newsmaker and talk to them!
Funny how you mention "low ratings" and "failing N.Y. Times" when your approval ratings are at an all-time low. Hypocrite!
Not fake news
MORON WHEN REX CALLED YOU A MORON LOUD ENOUGH FOR PEOPLE TO HEAR HE WAS SAYING HE WANTED YOU 2 KNOW AND DIDN'T CARE IF YOU FIRED HIM REX WIN
Sir you would BURY the Superbowl in a ratings race. NFL versus a LIVE Trump/Tillerson IQ test reveal.



The root of the word "verification" is "veri-" which means truth.  That's why no one asked YOU.  Impeach and Replace.
More important!
Says the man who have InfoWars & Alex Jones press credentials.
If you call it fake news, then it must be truth.

Why discuss it Mr.  president?
#Moron

Mensa has offered to administer IQ tests to you and Tillerson. Are you going to ignore that after shooting your mouth off?
Because you actually report the truth?
Please take a public iq test. I dare you.
You should have a jeopardy challenge with Rex and all.proceeds go to Puerto Rico. I know your have trouble with charity
Just an FYI.... the “Q” you should be measuring is EQ not IQ. A strong EQ will represent the skills needed of a true leader.
If you score >100 on your I.Q. test I am willing to bet that Baron helped you.
Heard you wanted to challenge Rex to an IQ test. Common sense is more important than book sense. You totally fail.
Had he called you a moron when you wrote this?
Important presidential work! #WorstPresidentEver

I bet he does every day when he wakes up and realizes you aren't just a bad dream.
Nobody care about their tabloid fantasies anymore.
Fox should stop responding to Fake News & cover Trump agenda successes!


@realDonaldTrump I love your orbit. I think it's fascinating.  I have 140 characters and a batch ain't one.
Trump lacks emotional maturity big time.
I think @realDonaldTrump might think IQ scores are done like Golf - where the low score "wins"
Dude - you can't even spell "tap" - even when Twitter tries to correct you 3 times with a red line - you insist it's spelled "tapp"
Everybody knows that they are lying. Even your supporters.
no your fake news
Rex Tillerson is good for this country. You must keep him! You are smart, he is smart. Keep smart people!
