Failing @nytimes, which has been calling me wrong for two years, just got caught in a big lie concerning New England Pat...
What about all the lies you've been caught in but are too ignorant to admit?
Your administration is so incompetent it couldn't operate a lemonade stand
Is Hillary out of the woods?
NOBODY FUCKING CARES!!!!!
True.
Said the bigliest liar in the free Country.  The man that is single handedly pitting 1 America against another.
Sir, you are immune to factual information http://investors.newscorp.com/stockquote.cfm 
Again, from a secondary source
FIY; The stock prices for News Corp, @FoxNews, are way down.
Rumors of NY Times lie about football warrants attention! Yes. What do @POTUS lies about our national security / government deserve?
.@realDonaldTrump 
Was this a lie too? You're a sad, sad little man...with sad, sad little hands. 
#NoSignaturesForYou!
sue them don. They wiretapped you
too bad the QB had an "emergency" and couldn't make it ...
Huge lie. Huge. There were a few people seated off camera. Huge lie. Russia though? Nothing to see here. Aircraft carrier headed there. No.
What lies have you told? Taxes, terror attack, immigrants... etc. You were honest about grabbing pussies though. That counts for something!
nyt has been calling it wrong for more than its time in journalism.
You are so silly. Focus on important issues, please.
Nobody like a tattle tail liar except functionally illiterate people like you.
The failing @realDonaldTrump needs to stop calling out others and grow up. 
Why don't you become a good president instead of being a tattler
This is what you're spending your limited brain power on?!?!? Some petty feud about how many football players came to adore you?
Me thinks thou doest protest to much
Who cares?  Every time you open your mouth you lie.
Have they been calling you "wrong" everybody knows you are Donald Trump #Namecalling
You are a failure sir and you should resign. For the good of the country resign.
why does this matter, it's just a mistake. it isn't really gonna "debunk" them.
Still a loser!
The failing NY times which is doing the best numbers in years...
No Donald......you are the BIG lie. We can't believe a damn thing you say. Total international embarrassment. Wait til the midterms.
Why are you wasting our time with your gossip tweets? Can you please TRY to do your job? For like one second? Just try.
Wouldn't call that a big lie, more like simple error. Here are some big lies: "I'm going to drain the swamp.  Mexico will pay for the wall."
yes you should know all about liying
Breaking news. Who cares. Less blaming and more working
They would be failing if their facts were ever checked. But some people just want to hear only certain things.
YA THEY WILL BE THERE. FIT RIGHT IN WITH YA LYING N CHEATING PRICKS JUST LIKE THE POTUS. NOT ALL ATTENDING HMMM
Brady is ur clown
and they gave you unsigned helmet. probly from a thrift store. Obama's was signed sad little piccolo boi
You are president, grow up
Who fucking cares?
No, there were more players at President Obama's visit than yours no matter what you say or how you prove it. Fake news. See how that feels?
Dude! Do your job & stop tweeting! Stop acting like a child and man up! You need to start building bridges and taking care of your people.
NY TIMES ? WHO ARE THEY? LOL
when u only get your info from fake fox news, you will always look, act & sound like the stupid idiot conman liar dangerous rip off that u r
ooohhhhh, off with their heads!  Such a massive bigly lie too!
So why weren't they allowed to be on the stairs of the White House to be included in the picture?
Yeah, that's really important to our country's well being. Like the number of voters who did NOT show up for the inauguration! You're an ass
What is it  about size with you, loser.
Who cares we care about your lies!
I am so tired of the negativity against you it shows how pathetic the people who were in charge b4 the very ones who ruined America!
By this (your own) standard of "big lie", EVERYTHING you say is a big lie, tRump
Ny times is as idiotic as the idiot judges in Calif. these idiots obviously live in a different universe..wish theyd go there and leave us
You lie every damn day. How can y o u look in the mirror?
You'd think the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES might be concerned with stuff more important than a single news outlet that hates him
Failing Donald Trump.......
a deliberate deception by a lrg microphone should be penalized! LEFTs been misleading n fear baiting since UR candidacy= sue or charge them!
NYT is failing and fake, so far the only truth has been their recipes!
Delete your account
Do NOT allow a "judge" to dictate to YOU! WE NEED YOU IN CALIFORNIA! No $$$ for Sanctuary CITIES! I VOTED for a change!!!!!
Your main concern is how many football players visited you? How do you not see how utterly ridiculous you are?
I support the wall. Don't cave. Gov shut down does not bother anyone.
we should not be talking about this
Yeah, see the only problem is when your lips are moving, we know you're lying... so... No confidence in you or anything you say or do.
The heck with congress get rid of Ryan ask voters to donate $1 to fund the wall
YOU. ARE. DELUSIONAL.
I saw that day and thought it was great for the Pats
LOL Trying to make an issue out of MINUTIA!!!
Ludicrous Indeed!!
#TrumpFail
Lying about the Patriots visit to the Whitehouse is SO much more important than ANY lie I've ever told! Er...not that I lie! Like, EVER!!
You do realize that whether you meet with million dollar athletes doesn't mean any thing to voters
Oh, whoa. That's huge.
MANY of your business ventures have FAILED.
FAKE NEWS!!!! You are just a wealth of FAKE NEWS!
Oh poop you got them. Detracting as you speak. We know. You don't have to brag so much. You are the best. Even if you aren't. Poor babe
Pats poor trumpski an the back. Calm down ole man. You have to manage your heart health. At your age. Close to 90 you have to take care
padre celestial Trump pruebala Amapola toma servesa y fuma mota aslo veras que es vivir una vez  celestial vida
padre celestial Trump Amapola es una buena fuente con la combinasion de servesa
padre celestial Trump para que las drogas no lleguen ha manos de niños compralas mandalas ha manos correctas
imagina padre celestial como puedes aministrar una buena compania de narcos bien educados
padre celestial mucho mas fasil compra el visio mejor tomalo en poder entra al negosio se mejor un amigo celestial
padre celestial Trump me parese fasil ablar y pedir amablemente los narcos de Amapolas en polvos magicos blancos
padre celestial castigarlos sin drogas es una forma correcta poner orden al desorden
padre celestial Trump tengo una sensilla solusion se que los negros se han portado muy mal por las calles
padre celestial una buena rason para un Muro celestial Trump es castigar ha barack obama no darles nuestro tesoros
padre celestial me parese muy bien dejar ha barack obama sin drogas Mexicanas
padre celestial cosco walrmart las quiero en poder Tiffany Trump quiero un orden con prebilegios para mis soldados
No esperes Ordenes ni aseptes criticas as uso del poder un soldado Mexicano merese tener prebilegios hahahahahaha
What's the lie?
No you're a big lie. Please do real work instead of trying to disprove your haters. #actsomewhatpresidential #yourtheworse #cantbuysmart
And issued a very clear apology. You might want to consider the art of graciousness.
Keep in mind that about 1/2 the team or less visited with you....Boo HOO!
Who cares
#FakeNews
lies are practically the left's native tongue, Mr. President. they'll also say or do whatever they must to get they're power back.
millions of american's see big lie in the white house.  Tweet at 11, 11:10, 11:12, 11:13......
Quit staring at the news and go to work
You are so pathetic. I pity you.
Confess, you secretly hate NYT because they don't have comics.
So, you call out a lie and we are all supposed to believe you. You get caught in a lie, it's someone else's fault. 
Hypocrite!
Mathew 5:44
#CowardInChief #NeverTrump #Cowardice #TinyHands #NoMoreWar #Divest #Syria #NorthKorea #YouGetBadRatings
Coward In Chief https://youtu.be/_YVnfLnGJqc  via @YouTube
Like ill release my taxes sort of lie, or mexico will pay for the wall type of lie?
If we listed all the big lies the #FailingPresident @realdonaldtrump has been caught in it would break the internet.
NY Times is not failing. (lie) The truth is that less NE Pats showed up for you than did for Obama. When ure lips are moving u lie.
DJT...CONTINUING TO SPREAD FAKE CLAIMS ABOUT THE PRESS, WHEN HE DISLIKES THE COVERAGE! SUCH A SAD EXCUSE OF POTUS
Congrats!How is your handicap?How are the homeless & starving?How are our veterans? How's the economy?How's our infrastructure?Priorities?
Talk about Armenian Genocide!
Lolz. I would think you'd know better what the word "failing" means, but whatevs.
Can a big lie really concern that?
That Fact remains : President  Donald Trump,  Commander  and Chief. .....
Yeah....cuz THAT'S what is important.  You'll have plenty of time to focus on such weighty things after you're convicted. Enjoy prison.
YOU ARE THE ONLY LIAR HERE
awwww man got his feeling hurt. Grow TFU!!
They are not failing. And they published side by side photos. Get a grip you insecure man child.
YOU get caught in big lies ALL the time and have zero accountability
That's a small lie.  Mexico paying for the wall, that's a big lie.
PLEASE never forget IF you allow HIM to GOD will be beside you & lead you in what HE wants you to do for HIS ppl  & U.S. OF AMER
Stop behaving like a child and be the President.
Find a better battle loser
@realDonaldTrump  Either way U still suck
At least they apologize when the do.  You tell greater lies and never apologize.  Lowest ratings for first 100 days ever
You are worried about the wrong shit. Who cares
The originators of 'fake news'.
Important stuff.
Um....Failing NY Times subscriptions are at record levels.  Perhaps you missed thst?
It was a small gathering.
and they quickly admitted they were wrong and appologized when the mistake was pointed out, you should try it sometime. j.xo #asshat
Mr. Trump, can you worry about cutting the H1B visa program and not crowd size. We the people are depending on you for a change.
the proof is in the photos!
Stop deflecting. Address your collusion with Russia & release your taxes #resist #Russiagate #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump
I hard that president told congress to pay the bill for border wall. Why not Mexico pay the bill to build the wall. It is 180 degree of plan
THE NYT ISN'T FAILING. Can't you voice your opposition without LYING!!!! It just reflects poorly on you! THEY R NOT FAILING! They just r not
Stop lying
Why don't you just shut down your twitter account and go about trying to learn how to do that job the minority voted you into OR resign.
your lies out stack everybodys
When NYT was wrong, they admitted it. When you are wrong (Birtherism) you blame others and obfuscate. Who is the bigger person/organization?
Sooo it's a lie when the media makes a mistake but it's "alternative facts"  when U Flat out LIE HA! #usnotstupid
What? That hardly any of them wanted to meet you?
Failing @realDonaldTrump, whom act like a huge child, and CONSTANTLY lies, seem to never remember his own falsehoods.
Who cares.
STOP THE PRESSES, My crowd is bigger than yours! Such a petty man...  #overcompensating
Stop tweeting fake, failing, or how great you are. Get to work. It is easy, ask where the Oval Office is.
You have a lot of balls calling out someone for lying.
you get caught in lies every day, loser. @nytimes might be inaccurate every now and then. BIG DIFFERENCE, old man.
For someone who wants the love of the people. You may want to take lessons from the queen. Queen E. Is the longest REIGNING  queen
We know it is lies, just ignore the bastards and stay on point, we don't believe the crap,
Noooo your the Lier! They gave alternative facts
you don't work?
We have N. Korea threatening nuclear war and you're whining because they liked Obama better?   PRIORITIES.
The failing Donald Trump is worried about size again bwahahaha
I know Mr. President They'll be getting caught in"more and more lies and you'll do better and better and your approval rate will go up to100
And they'll have to lie and lie more and more to catch up still screw themselves eventually
Emoluments are gonna get you! Failing @POTUS
While you're on Twitter, who's running the country?
Why are they calling you wrong? Isn't your name Trump?
Omg your really tweeting about that.. Btw all but one Denver Bronco in 2016 showed up for Obama.. . Tell you something and only 1/2 the Pats
the score was 34 - 50 .  you lost, get over it
Ain't that the pot calling the kettle black How can you call anyone a lie when all you do is lie???.
Bahahaha! You know you're lying! Your lips are moving!
NYTimes got it right but since its bad for me I'm gonna yell FAKE NEWS! #TrumpTweetTranslationSystem 
(Btw congrats NYTimes keep it up!)
Some people are so jealous & spiteful that they will do & say anything to make another look bad, ignore then, they show their true colors.
Very well said, so true. Glad you are standing proud.
Thank you, Sweetheart!!!!
