I agree with you 100%.
McConnell will never give that to you!  He is not your friend!!!  The only way he might is if WE THE PEOPLE drive his office crazy with phone calls, letters and send notes on FB and TWITTER.....just load them down!  I want him gone!!! He and Ryan set you up!!  Not forgiven!!!
As president your guidance to your party is paramount in any situation your clear desifive  agenda.....you need to to treat disfuctional govt like kids...repeat ur direct guide lines.... the govt has  become disfunishenal like smart kids running amuck
Yes some of the republicans need to go along with the dumacrats.
Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just w...
U need more meeting with your kids ie republicans....u need need lock step you agenda....U own white house and both house  and senate....crafting bipartisan with dems as u can ....bridges with ur party....find a group that can work together to help ur agenda
Only look like fools if they support ill-conceived, mean-spirited pos legislation
who asked for your opinion!
Senate Repuglicans are fools and are wasting time. There I said it!
#dividedwefall
Need term limits
Many of them are involved. 3 different congressmen gave signs for Comey to "Shut His Mouth"& "You Owe us!"& "Your Life"as he was sworn in.
Yes.  I. Do.  Believe.
Wasting Time is their Plan. Dump both Ryan & McConnell. Both swamp monsters and McConnell is the Mayor of Swampville.
Thats democracy.
NO!!! YOU R THE FOOL. WE R A NATION NOT UR PERSONAL COMPANY.
No.  There is only one fool in the room, and you're seeing him every time you pass a mirror.
Electoral college created when travel was difficult. Update needed in progressive times that include the internet. No more horse and buggy
and you were such an asset.
Im shocked some of the quieter members have not kicked ass of anyone even hinting they will not vote for what the people running oromised
Julie it's an embarrassment to say the least. How they can show their faces is beyond me.  #Gop embarrassments
Well, after watching those 3 documentaries on you, your Russian friends/business partners and all your criminal activities, not much time.
They look like fools? That's too funny coming from you.
Luther Strange wants to keep 60 vote rule. Why endorse him? He was a lobbyist for 10 years. He more of swamp.
agreed. I don't want them to win either!
Better to look a fool, than to act and talk like one, fool.
Mueller can't move fast enough. #Lockhimup #ImpeachTrumpNow  #firingsquadsfortreason
"They"  your part of "They" 45.  Your the President. Ypu back to work and leave the Golf Course you've spent 25% on. Hypocracy at its fimest
No Donald, you look like a fool! The whole world would be laughing at you if they weren't so horrified! GROTESQUE!
Actually, you are the one looking like a fool. Sorry.
How's the crime rate going in Chicago? 
Your deflecting from the fact your the president. You call the Senate fools. The fool on the hill tweets his lies & bigotry4 ur tribeOFfools
Kind of like you in the white house. They are just following your lead.
do you ever own any of your mistakes? You're the President, a very bad one, but nevertheless you're it!
Accept responsibility for your own lack of leadership. You are looking like the fool! Why don't you just resign?
They will only look like "fools" if the DO go to a 51 majority.  Americans want Medicare For All, NOW.
It STILL would have only been 49 votes!!!
Just like your appalling lack of education about and understanding of our nation and its systems should embarresses you.
Trumpty Dumpty soo to falloff his wall.
They are fools wasting the American people time and $. Republican empty promises.I am an independent
Quite frankly, there is only one Fool in Washington DC, wasting time.... I think we all know who that is. @realDonaldTrump
I feel bad for the 73k people that like this post.  They are the fools!
Who, pray tell, is that WINNING if you change the rules. If it was up to you your 32% approval rating would mean the majority like you.
is this the president calling republicans fools? the country is viewing the president as a lying distrustful fool. MickeyG
Ahem...who looks like a fool, Trump? Really now, fess up you know nothing about being a president
not gonna happen fool
The only fool is you.
So a great big F-U To American Democracy and tradition from the dimwit.  Typical of a tyrant.  #fakepresident
And yet that didn't help 2 weeks ago did it? Still couldn't get to 51.
You are the fool. Campaign promise broken like all the rest.
sure you are not looking in the mirror?
You don't even know what is happening in your own government. Sad.
They are NOT fools. They are CORRUPT & power hungry. Term Limits is needed more than ever. They don't support UR agenda.
POTUS, they will never WIN, because they don't want to WIN. They only enrich themselves, want power & are ALL OWNED!
It's not about winning. It's about understanding our HC and fixing whats wrong for the good of American people. This isn't a game Trump.
Parliamentary procedure protects the individual in a vote, not just getting your way.
The only consistent fool in this entire travesty of a Mis-Administration is you.
You, sir, are the fool. Your ignorance is simply astonishing. Resign now, before you are forced out!
.@realDonaldTrump You're a Republican too, did u 4get? Who takes a 17 day vacation after only 6 months on the job? U r wasting tax money!.
Careful not to bite the hand that feeds you, Donnie!
typical trumpet move....if you can't win, change the rules!  Disgusting!
Completely agree.
Just like YOU
POTUS did his part, congress did NOT !
They ARE fools!
I can't win. Change the rules! Führer Trump forever!
The majority do not want to win only to bring down the @POTUS and our constitution. Never thought I'd see this from republicans.
Thing is you don't even have a solid 51. Maine, Alaska, 2 in Arizona to mention a few aren't behind you. Convince Joe n WV to switch.
Now you don't like you're own party? Is there anyone you won't blame? Can you marry Ivanka
You will never win the trust of the American People!
Who will look like a fool when it "IS" a 51 vote majority NOW! How does ignorant Tweet like this, get +70K ? From 70K that don't know it!
Change impeachment to 51 votes!!!
I agree with u POTUS..u/w never get Senate to agree on anything..seems to me Obama got everything he wntd & always detrimental to U.S.
What's the matter, you upset because you tried to take the Democrats out of the vote to cheat the whole Country of their vote and you lost 
RINOs and whiners
It a look their use to.
They are fools. @GOP @GOPChairwoman
Must start a #TrumplicanParty & #TrumpNewsNetwork to find out what is really happening, stop #AbyssState from sinking deeper still & #MAGA
#RepealAndReplaceGOP 2018 & 2020 will be years #GOP will lose d most 2 #ProTrump candidates. Must start a #TrumplicanParty & #TNN  #MAGA!
's need to STOP DONATING until they back you up. Only donate to #TrumpTrain.
I question whether the #GOP really wants to win anything! Worst leadership ever!
They are a waste of taxpayers money RINOS  I'd vote for Jack the Ripper rather then RINOS @least he would work! Fed up w RINOS Libs  dems!
They have looked like cowardly fools for many years Mr. President. We need a new party.
Wasting tax payers money on this stall tactic by the democrates.
Unbelievable the stupidity of the senate they need to nuke it and move forward
Republicans will also never win of people go to IQ 51+ either.

I guess appointed DeVos will take care of that...
grow up...
You want HC to pass?? Get Congress off their cushy HC plan!! Make our  plan same as them, then watch it get done. Disappointed AMERICA !!
Yeah, THEY look like fools. smh
#unfollowtrump
Actually you look like a fool and wasting our time!
And I know a lot about looking like a fool.
You look  like the fool.....
The Dems didn't need to change it to get the ACA passed........ But if you can't win within the rules, change em.  Good sport

laws are in place for a reason, Cheeto!!
They don't want to win
They are wasting time but that's what they do best waste time and raise money to get reelected VOTE them out !
Glad to finally see your tweets Again.
U are the one looking like a fool to the entire world
Exactly they went to 51 to pass what they wanted. 60 will never work again. Dead.
You're the fool!
Government should not be about "winning or losing!". What's best for the country should NOT be handled or acted upon like it's a contest!
No Donnie, you're the FOOL if you think exercising the nuclear option is a good idea. SAD!
You look like the fool. It is rime for parties to work together. You are incapable of doung@the job. Resign!
U r the only American FOOL!
There is a fool, but it is not the GOP Senate.
Republican control the house an yet the Dems still run it. The Republicans are just as corrupt. They are all deep state.
Nobody looks more foolish than you #alldayeveryday
You are a fool
Your mammy looks like a fool and so do you
You are a FOOL!!!!
they look like fools and are wasting time ?? must've learned it from u
Stop trying to change the rules, you look foolish.
No.
Get rid of Paul Ryan or use that fool to get out of Obama care
those republican hold outs maybe democrats in disguise
You @realDonaldTrump R the Fool ... You continually Embarrass the People & have our #1 Leading Nation on Global Stage.
But they couldn't get shit done with a 50 vote "majority." Filibuster isn't what's hurting them dummy.
Yes change the rule you loser. That's how bad your stuff is boss.
Need a new Senate Majority Leader.  Mitch is the problem...
Who is spending more money and wasting more time then you?
@Mikebla28456888 they seem to be very lazy
The 51 votes wouldnt help u anyway!! U are LOSING NOT WINNING!
Once again, @realDonaldTrump resorts to cheating to try to win.
This is your defining trait, you realize, right?
Wait. Who looks like the fool?  Put down your phone and do your job.
I am so tired of being part of a party of men that have vaginas in their pants. Grow some balls Republicans we are losing our country
Republicans aren't supposed to win. Neither are Democrats. We are ALL supposed to win. Work together!
So cooperation between the Republicans and Democrats is not worth trying?  Really?
Insulting you're fellow republicans now!!!! Wow that's the way to earn their votes great job
#NotMyPresident , your the fool, you should be impeached!!
Nice calling your party fools, just like YOU, the king of fools! You won't have their loyalty if you continue to bully them. TOO BAD! LOSER!
It only takes a majority for this vote.  Can't even get a majority.  Do you know what a majority is?
-They are fools!
No fool like an old fool. Especially a maths challenged one!
they should be dems. americans will not okay anything but REPEAL AND REPLACE=we are not stupid like the dems think.
You are the fool that is wasting everyones times... Try to make a health-care plan to HELP the average american (Not your elite friends).
Den of liars, SAD
Just goes to show that the Swamp doesn't care about the Working Man
Fools with the biggest fool running this country
Thank you @CNNPolitics @NewDay @ChrisCuomo & Alisyn for many, many @KellyannePolls free days. It's a relief not to watch her & @SebGorka lie
The same with Electoral College. Needs to be changed, but it's what we have. Get rid of you and Electoral College. The Majority Will Rule!
Mr. President, tell me were you the type of child who flipped the game board when you were losing? I'm beginning to get a feeling you were.
Why do you care how they look.  You want to be the only fool in the GOP?  Why not just settle for Chief Fool?!
Bahahaha! Called yourself out....fool!
No, just none of YOUR bills are going to pass, God willing. As for fools, you are the only one the world thinks is a FOOL! What a jackass! 
God of Israel and Jesus is with you sir please go ahead with your programs. They opposed king Jesus too
They are clowns 
The Senate is made up of a lot of good people who know far more than you do!
You would do well to stop bashing them!
And again.... a convincing argument. Not try to be intimidating or blame people. Congress is better than that. They passed kindergarten.
You want the vote count to change? provide a convincing argument and a GOOD plan. Not a quick plan that was shit out of your asses in 2 secs
And do a better job. Thanks.
So far you all have acted like nothing more than 5th grade bullies. And when you don't get what you want, you blame and whine. Gtf over it.
Maybe hire people who are both qualified AND objective focused. Intimidation doesn't work on important people such as Congress.
Everytime you and your posse start writing 'blame posts,' you're wasting time that could've been spent doing a better job
And if you can't do better, shut up and quit whining.
What you don't realize..... Is America thinks you and your "posse" look like fools by trying to blame everyone but yourselves. Do better.
We need to clean up the Senate...lots of Corrupt, Old bench warmers stealing our $$$$$ due time we clean up #MAGA 
Start at the top. With trump
