Just keep 50 ft away from the women as the restraining order demands.
Today I will meet with Canadian PM Trudeau and a group of leading business women to discuss women in the workforce. http...
Did they finally agree with you that women need to get out of the workforce because they bleed from everywhere sporadically?
I'm a builder and good job on everything you do
If you could stop thinking about grabbing them and start thinking about respecting them maybe things could change.
Lucky ladies ! Because you hate women just look at Trumpcare!
was a strong supporter of you but I'm very disappointed you gave in to the deep state. False flag operation!
I believe he is a good man and I know you are so things should gel for all.
because of only 6 terrorists in New Mosul sector your air strikes killed over 500 civilians at their houses!!!
will you trade places with him? PLEASE!!!!
Who isthe first lady??
Who gives a fuck!
: praying for you.
كل.مااحب.توظحيه.اليوم.امام.كل.رموز.البشريه.ان.بدا.ساعات.المستقبل.بدات.تداق
Could you kick the good PM in the balls for allowing "Islamophobia" to be called a crime anywhere in Canada. He is a Lord Chamberlain.
Fake Trump!.. he didn't fall for your ignorance!
Awesome President!
Yemen funeral pic, after being dissed by Seal's Dad, and rightfully so. Imagine if that had happened 2 Jared.
@ of course you will "wife daughter" Sick relationship!&%!
The hat looked corny on you thats why nobody clapped
Send sober soldiers first and you win  call me 5622128700
Ask  Sessions why he didn't look into any death row inmates in Alabama wrongly convicted ? Because they are black! !
Keep your girl in the White House.  She is wonderful for our Country.
I admire Canadian president for insight and support of women in office! Follow his lead!!
@IvankaTrump @AP keep ur daughter wife close donnie
President Trump. Please start looking at how the small and medium size business owners are getting squeezed.
great! First fake news down. Bussiness man would never be against women unless they are incapable just as any man could
keep moving Mr trump lots of work to do
ok you snowflakes grow up put your big people pants on.trump is president period.end of dicussion.grow a pair.
STOP the Insane war$ for profit$!
Incest is a crime
:PM Trudeau is loved at home and abroad! A very Intelligent PM! Women should get equal pay for equal Work! Period!
talk to him about legalizing cannabis.
Please stop embarrassing your country.  You slipped in, slip out gracefully before your removed disdainfully!
U need set up Mc Cain B4 he ruins you! Waters is a stupid SCUMBAG many people laugh at! Get rid of McCain & Waters!! 
have "El Chapo" Guzman to pay for wall..freeze his assets to pay!!
#Damage control? Or borrowing from Obama?
Please fix the school lunches.
I think he is going to make the best president we ever had!!  If people would listen to his words they would like him.
PLEASE help Canada!  @JustinTrudeau is destroying it.  Enough Canadians will tell you,  #NotMyPrimeminister
What is your stance on equal pay for women and maternity leaves?
business women eh? Don't grab them by the
@IvankaTrump @AP WTF makes her qualified to bypass senate hearings and vetting for security clearance?!?
PM stands for POST meridiem. You should write out Prime Minister if you mean that.
Would think Ivanka would be a much better source for this discussion. Great Lady.
@IvankaTrump @AP If only you admired Trudeau a bit more and Putin a lot less.
we need to look at our insurance for NC . Our premium is going up in April 98%
poor girl molested her whole life if only she'd told when she had the chance, u would b n prison n America would be Great
@IvankaTrump @AP really after your sexist remarks about women?
find out why we are still losing our jobs and homes. There is such thing as middle class anymore. Your either poor or rich
If only you had a women who earned her position instead inheriting  it @IvankaTrump is a joke!
Trying to find someone to buy your daughters clothing line daddy
#Trump>did U repeat as in video: Married #women who work r dangerous & U personally get mad @ wife if Dinner not ready 4 U?
hope you brought up expansion of their military. They need to double it in size in order to meet thei NATO obligations
fake president!
I wish people would stop criticizing and let you make America great again.
is Ivanca your hot daughter on the White House payroll?
also, tell @IvankaTrump not to be so obvious with the hotties. How embarrassing to see those pics of her drooling.
he hates you
Why is Ivanka there?
@icare4america16 @AP Mr. President u did GREAT tonight in Florida. Keep it up WE THE PEOPLE are with you all the way!
go trump I was told I had to do 110%  and when they took jobs to Malaysia I went from $30000 to $5000 a year in 1994
do you have the security clearance to be in all these meetings?
Mr Trump. Have you ever read Fahrenheit 441. Is that your goal this presidency?  I fear you .
you are ver scarey
@IvankaTrump @AP don't bully companies - regulate daycare industry not companies
@IvankaTrump @AP back off- stop bullying @FLOTUS
just grab em by the pissy. New rule ?
come on Jools. You haven't said something silly couple of decades back. Lord knows I have...
but neither of us is leader of a superpower
I don't know any world leaders who are perfect. They don't exist.
no grounded person expects perfection but it's blatantly obvious #Trump (Drumpf) born into privilege &behaviour not one off
nice handshake haha
@IvankaTrump @AP how about those tax returns.
Thankyou, for standing up to the press!
keep us in it and don't grab any either! Just go away please back to reality tv where you belong.
Look at those tiny digits.  Easier to grab you meate that way.
good job so far. 
Hope later u can address the heppa laws. 
Family's  can not  help the mentally ill.
Get no info  ,sad
trump and his wife
please do not fire any more of your staff based on fake news

keep pushing us peaceful Canadian peasants this is what you will find 
Nice to see your mistress with you again
take tips from your daughter menace
I'm sure you will talk about how to grope women in the workforce.
why does his kid need to be in it?Air Force one is not his plain to ship outdoor to town.Trump  you are a sec risk
Equal pay is the right thing to do for women.

send one over our ships over there and see what happens
what is a Russian ship doing on the coast of Norfolk blow it out the water
Business Women : Internal Auditing Guidelines ... What level of efficiency for each expense ?
everyone is free to leave
hope it's not another debacle
IMBECILE DJT- did you tell them to 'dress like women?'
Trudeau 
وين العزومه حقي
boy did he play you the right way.
Was the importance of #pussy grabbing discussed?? #pussygrabbingchump
How were TROLLS dealt with in Harry Potter?  We might need to try this here.....
You want to grab me by the hair,spin around, and throw me. a woman. lol You picked the right picture? No opinion matters but yours, I see.
brilliant choice of words Mr. @POTUS 
I too had a meeting with @JustinTrudeau. I heard they set up a specialized war room because you make Canadians feel unsafe.
@IvankaTrump @AP Thank you for all you have been doing for us. I'm proud of your family and of you as our president.
@IvankaTrump @AP Its not take your daughter to work day ! Get your kid out of the White House!! #leaveivankahome
THIS IS BULLSHIT AND A DIVERSION/DISTRACTION WITH REAL & IMMEDIATE PROBLEMS. PRIORITIZE DJT- HE CANT
Is your Breitbart Punk going to be there?
Building more empires..
you make me proud I feel I am important and may someday meet you in person you give 110 percent to us everyday
pardon Edward Snowden. He is a true American, for americans.
Lovely picture
Mr. President why don't we have immigration officials at these protests rounding up non- citizens or illegals?
thank you I'm in the mining industry and know this new law is going to help my community
#princepahlavi_trump_SoS lov
Adore Ivanka. She should be every little girl's role model. I know you're so proud. #IshopatDillards #neverNordstroms
It is about time that women make as much as men in the same job.
Please don't forget to tell the business women how to dress... That's the main issue ...in your head, i'd guess!? No?
#princepahlavi_trump_SoS
pleas keep in that moms & pop business we are dieing because wont lend us loan to provide jods, im one ot them.
Keep up the great work President Trump and get rid of all left overs from Obama's administration please!

شاهزاده_برگرد  #Rezapahlavi ...من یک ایرانیم...
من تروریست نیستم...
did ya grab that pussy ey mate
ازادي دموكراسي فقط با شاهزاده رضا پهلوى
#princerezapahlavi_trump_SoS
Asking an expert; @POTUS do rich people also get away with grabbing daughters pussy or just strangers?
Trudea is all about anti-islamophobia.  He would like to make sharia law Canadian law.  God help women and gays.
this can only go wrong..
We know how you feel about women in the workforce. It's dangerous. You're angry if dinner isn't ready when you are.
heard you had the softest hands in the room. Not a single callus!

For the love of God, PLEASE DON'T GRAB THEM!
@IvankaTrump @AP fake news
It takes Canada to make you take women seriously. Love to the People of the Maple!
@IvankaTrump @AP daddy's security blanket
Keep up the good work PRESIDENT TRUMP!
You are in my prayers!!
make sure they dress like women
Right. What you know or care abt women in workforce would fit on that pinhead of a brain you possess! @AP
Where's your wife. Is she sitting in her Gold tower eating chocolates. #USAdisgrace #cnn #msnbc
Stop wasting time on nonsensical, illogical, inconsequential bullshit. END THE FEDERAL RESERVE!!!
- excellent work
