Does anyone have any idea what this lunatic is talking about?
Keep stoking the flames of war, Donald.   I love war.  I love your agenda.  Can't wait to see the peepee tape.  You r my fave since Hitler.

Rocket man 
#WPOTUSE
SHUT UP! STOP calling people names, put on your BIG BOY BOXERS and act like a decent MAN, instead of spoiled child BULLY.
Haha, Rocket Man!
No to DACA
Build our Wall
Americanism NOT Globalism.
Keep your promises.
OK, this is fucking deranged.
How Fucking old are you?#25thAmendment!
Rocket man? Too bad?
You are just as deranged as Kim
Let's hope everything works out for the best!
If Kim Jong-Un is "Rocket Man", then that must make you "Fire Cracker Man"!
More like chickenshit
WHAT R U DOING? Taunting a terrorist dictator? U r a LUNATIC
You missed your calling. Quit your day job and get a stand up gig
Sure would be funny if Rocket Man only targeted Trump properties. Americans aren't taunting him, you are. #impeachTrumpnow
Sanctions increase popular support for the sanctioned govt.
Has not worked for 25 years,just really ratchet down ,need stronger sanctions,start moving troops and civilians.
Idiot!
Hit the source - not the people.  They have no more say than what goes on than you do.
RTしてもいいですか？
I still don't think sanctions will work, but have to try every avenue I suppose.
I disagree... how many people will he kill with the one bomb he launches for us to justify taking him out?
Rocket man?!? Seriously?!
Yup, Seriously!! 
You know that topic is an atom bomb, right? End of life for hundred of thousands of human beings?
Yup, that's why we need to be serious & stop psycho path Kim before he kills thousands of lives
Well, calling the North Korean leader rocket man ain't serious. Basically it's idiotic.
When you shoot a rocket at least once a month I think you can be justified with a nickname called rocket man. Just saying
right. When it's me or you. Not when U R the fukin president of the USA. That's being a moron who plays a game when lives are at stake
בקרוב אצלנו רועי
Elton and Bernie say thanks, but no thanks, for the endorsement!
Let's quit playing with North Korea all we're doing is making new so the beat media can bash everything .Just freakin do something .
Your grammar and behavior is childish and extremely unpresidential. What an embarrassment.
北朝鮮を今年中に制圧しないとミサイルは間違いなく日本とアメリカに着弾する。朝鮮半島を早く統一してください。
What do you insist on calling people names? That is such childish behavior. Act like a @POTUS not a 12 year old Mr #Trump. It'll help!
Only punishing the citizens so far you twerp. Get your ass into Nth Korea,start talking.
@LsGty to da moon
Knowing Trump he thinks they were talking about auto fuel.
Elton John is from Korea?
Yes? He's a native north korean. Everybody knows that..
Same barber/creative hair engineers as Donald
Yep..and nobody cares...
Have U seen the lines N the U.S. Virgin islands? Ppl n Texas, Florida & PR suffer, but U want 2 agitate NK. Ur not n HS!
#TrumpResign
So what, you think we should only grab 1 book when then bookcase is falling over on us? He has MANY vital issues to deal with at same time!
We know he has 2 deal w/a lot. He needs 2 stop tweeting comments 2 instigate further conflict, it's not Presidential 
You're just not right for the job are you. It's not a game, you sound like a stroppy teenager and behave like one. You're embarrassing
SO UNFIT #TrumpsDementia
You mean all 12 of their cars are out of gas?
Thank you Mr. President. You're already changing the country for the better. Can't see that? You're blinded by fake news.
we love and support Trump!
No, we don't.
bonne et heureuse anné 2018
bonne et heureuse année 2018
If he would have moved to electric vehicles like China, France, Germany & others there would be no lines. Try to keep up  http://www.evur.us  
It’s 2018 and you are in reverse going nowhere. BTW have you seen the trains in China?
You really think taunting a hostile nuclear power on Twitter is a good idea!? Please resign. We need a real POTUS.
N. Korea is not a nuclear power
it is now. X-[
Rocket man...
I just read his tweet and laughed so hard..this is great
Me too, Julie. 
I bet fart jokes are real show stopper for ya too! Or does the end of the world need to be on the line for u to laugh??
Making Hollywood idiots cry over my tweets are the best Patrick..
Makes cowards who don't use their real names on twitter makes mine.
The only cowards are liberal Hollywood idiots who think their opinions matter to anyone outside of Hollywood.
If you think Trump cares about anyones opinion outside his elitist resorts you're fooling urself. Ya fell for it, it's okay to admit it
Looking good President and First Lady, class act, thanks!! Bomber jacket doesn’t hurt either.  C-130, my “baby” was a loadmaster on them.
whats to bad
Not me. Or the other 53 million Americans who didn't vote for him. Or as some might say the majority of the popular vote. Keep on hating.
Face it. Hillary is a CROOK. It's proven and with more evidence coming! Let's just be AMERICANS for once. Unite.
Did I mention her? No. He is a self confessed sexual molester, who has a history of not paying contractors. Born rich, not self made. Fake.
Not to mention, he's never served America in any way.
Neither did Hillary nor Cigar Slidin Slick Willy. No military service! Senate isn't service it's a $$$career $$ move for her

Mr President as busy as u can be u are still humorous... Am loving u by the day, rocket man is doom. God bless u and ur households IJN Amen
America is nolonger fast
You're funny, Mr. Trump. A constant source of entertainment! 
Translation from Me :

While the America doing rocket to mars how the importance of thick rocket in televisions with thick  face that consuming lot more energy for being more fat but for nothing ? Well have a remake of gladiator, act and  entertain.

Ad.
I promise  to stop asking liberals  "How dumb can you get!" I find that they take it for a challenge !   
Some people believe if President Trump just invited Jong Un for tea in the Rose Garden and politely asked him to halt his nuclear program, then that would work.
You are pitiful. How is the president going to take pride in other people misery if it's even true? You are just reacting to Reps suggesting you get a Noble Peace Prize. #American will take to the streets if you get the prize. You hateful child
Guess there’s some resistance from “Rocket Man.” I laughed pretty hard with this one from @POTUS. Thank you Mr. President! A good Sunday to you, your family and all those patriots who work with you protecting our Republic, the Constitution and the rule of law.
nobody wins a nuclear war stupid. Maybe had you not been a five time draft dodger. You would have learned
Why?
"Rocket Man" - I love you, sir.
Let me guess, you're going to start calling me a racist, sexist, homophobe, aren't you?
Well, considering liberals like to throw those words around, I was expecting you to say I'm worse than Hitler or something.
You are the laughing stock of the world. Ridiculous, immoral, and juvenile in all aspects of life. Resign. #25thAmendmentNow @GOP

That was a lie then. This is the truth now.
Clinton screwed us with NK. Obama just did the same stupid trick with Iran. You're going to want to pull your head out & stop whining now.
My head was never in. And, you're the one who is whining.
slow down on the weed, it doesn't help your cognition
Nor yours.
You know I am but what are you? humm? I like weed, but it makes me stupid, so I quit. Thinking is better. Try it.
This is among the more shockingly depraved and callous comments a world leader has made about a vulnerable populous recently. #Shame
You are not presidential in any way at all
Drink frat boys show more poise and élan than the President of the United States.  Gonna fist bump yourself & rearrange your nads next?
You trumpet man are the downfall of America! God help us all 
I have a Great Wall for free,  imagine a good wall making 650,000 jobs for Mexico and 350,000 jobs for America a wall with jobs
pass thiis #wethepeople to @POTUS call Arabella newMarshallPlan send Food&toys to NOKO kids fromWorldKids #peace @FLOTUS  @DonaldJTrumpJr
তরে বাস দিবো,
#Trump continued mocking is form of bullying.Bullying is NOT leadership.No one is safe when bully & draft dodger who attacks women at helm!
#RESIGN
يالاصفر فكنا من الدب ذا لا يرسلنا صاروخ
Proud to call you my President
Just when you think he can't get any stupider, he outdoes himself yet again.
U know Elton John made a song about him it’s called Rocket Man
Only good way out for you is to resign. Why wait you can be a hero by resigning now. Or be forced out disgraced & ruined. Save your family
Think before you speak Mr. President.
You need to do a couple things: grow the hell up, get checked by a doctor, learned to act/pretend presidential, and resign. Not Atlantic C
Just another " Castro" control freak that's spending all his $ in defense .
Always name your enemy! Great job with the new moniker! MAGA!
"Rocket Man"....I love it !!! Hahaha
@jakecups23 "Rocket Man" "too bad" 
That's probably the second best one after 1 for 38 Kasich 
Boo
Whatevers @realDonaldTrump... 
Political genius. That is all people like Kim understand. Show no weakness.
You are a sad, sorry sick little man Mr. Trump...
Do you know most North Koreans don't own cars? Can't imagine long gas lines being a problem.
Not Presedential to call crazy dictators names that will start a war. GROW UP. You act like a child and no one is amused.
You smell
is this really true in a country where barely anyone has a car?  Seriously do your homework.
BLESS THE PEOPLE! !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Puerto Rico is probably in a worse condition than NK right now.
Long gas lines in Naples, Florida too, ass-wipe.
Gas lines in North Korea? They have about 10 cars for every thousand people. If they put them all in one place it would be short line.
Long gas queues? How many cars in North Korea are there?
Rocket Man, how juvenile and ignorant can this idiot be?
Stand tough, I wouldn't take his threats. Good job president!
Idiot.
#RocketMan priceless DJT @POTUS  #WestandwithPresidentTrump
24 hours later and this tweet is still making me laugh till I cry!
Sounds like USA in the 1970's under that disciple of satan jimmy carter.
Too bad so sad!
#Russia #nazis
just sayin
Trump is an idiot!
President Donald Trump your the very best Thank You Sir.
What are you talking about? You think President Moon and "Rocket Man" are besties? Why are they lining up for gas? Surely not for their cars
Don't forget! China is looking for their own success, not your's!
AT LEAST PRESIDENT TRUMP TELLS US WHAT HE SAYS UNLIKE OTHER HOPEFUL PRRSIDENTS OR PRESIDENT CANDIDATES, HE IS HONEST WITH 
You spoke with President Moon but have you ever talked to Marshall Kim JungUn? Sometimes speaking to an adversary can change everything....
I wish Mc Cain repeal Obamacare he told Az he would! If he does'nt we take it to court!!!
sanctions are hurting people with no control over what their insane leader does. You think Rocket Man is hurting for gas?
Good one, Mr. President.  We appreciate you and your humor! God bless.
Yo Pres. How come Fat Boy Rocket Man does not wear the red 'thing' over his left pocket like his dummy followers?
Put both of them in a Gage match in WWE
Are we supposed to be laughing? I honestly can't tell if you made a joke or not. Stick to making ugly buildings, you're not funny
WHERE ARE THE INDICTMENTS?????
@kevinchatman_
You are a disgrace, a moron, and going to jail. That's what I call winning.
Time to send seal team 12 in!
Such a child. World embarrassment. You are a fat POS who hates America #ltmfua #45unfit #trumpisfat
so,if USA  do sanction against north korea through un,its would be tiny thing about north korea
Lol lol  
No one owns a car. What gas lines? Proof?
You do realize that it wouldn't be a good thing to be remembered as the President who started a nuclear war, right. Chill out, please
お金ください
Resign
America loves POTUS Donald Trump :)
Right on man
#MAGA
Bet Pres. Moon talked w/ Japan and asked him how Orange Cheeto is doing. Long gas lines in FL and TX too.... or is it "all better" now SAD
Stop calling him that name or any other insulting name. It is beneath your position of President.
What the hell are talking about? Organize your thoughts man.
You think shit is a joke....Rocket Man is not playing with you
You are so disrespectful. The world is laughing at you
If obama said this all the liberals would be crying of laughter right now 
Kim jong tweeted .. how many times over the few years has he threatened usa with missles..he forgets one thing..TRUMP wasnt president then!
Who knew President Moon of South Korea was that aquatinted with Elton John?
Thanks for the update!
Almost nobody owns a car in North Korea.  What the fuck are you even talking about?
Huh... no one in North Korea owns a car  ... another LIE and statement that's fact less ! 
Stop taunting & just get it over with. This crap has gone on far too long. Send a STRONG message that isn't a tweet, maybe
Get her done my president I hope those six boatloads of missiles are on their way to South Korea and Japan
Back to name calling.  You are such an immature petty man. An embarrassment to the office and our country.
Keep us safe with Gods guiding hand on ALL that you so for the United state's of America 
Grow up
You are a white supremacist
I am so happy that "our president" has the mentality of an adolescent.   You're an embarrassment Mr. Trump.
That name is going to stick. Please deal with this soon! Peacefully if possible!!
YOU ARE DEPRAVED AND DEPRIVED OF SANITY!
Love the name Rocket Man!!!! Support PRESIDENT TRUMP.
Elton John - Rocket Man (Official Music Vid ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DtVBCG6ThDk … I bet you will be THRILLED to KNOW that  Iranian filmmaker and refugee
Majid Adin reimagines “Rocket Man” to tell a whole new story of adventure, loneliness and hope. Imagine that, Grin. 
Screw missile Man hope he is ready for hell
Ok.
This is the 1st time I have  liked any of your post.  When you stop patting yourself on the back & attacking Hillary, you seem less unfit.
Very disrespectful calling him Rocket Man I voted for you grow up
Really, long gas lines in the north, implying the people have cars and such. Have we been being lied to about the #DPRK  #REALDONALDTRUMP
About 100 Japanese kidnap by North Korea http://www.sukuukai.jp/index.php?itemid=1160 …
