Colectivo del gobierno disparando hacia los manifestante  con la presencia de la PNB..un muerto mas
Don't impose restrictions on American enlistment. @realDonaldTrump
From my first day in office, we’ve taken swift action to lift the crushing restrictions on American energy. Remarks… htt...
Liar
Making America GREAT again!!You know it makes sense. Follow Mr president. All the way.
Why do you Lie so much?
My family works at American Steel, Granite City, IL, THANK YOU FOR INSISTING ON AMERICAN STEEL be used in construction Mr President. 
he doesnt use US steel in his own buildings
Says a 7 follower BOT! Lol
He doesn't use US steel.
And you are doing a great job thus far!
We do not need to do nothing just site and wat and sorting will happy
As a consumer, Thank you, should mean lower fuel prices
Discotier ok
You are aware the reason those restrictions were created in the first place is so our planet doesn't burst into a fireball, right?
https://twitter.com/damejemarshall/status/883901889049317376 …

From your first day in office you made America trivial - instead you made TWITTER GREAT AGAIN - Hahaha ...
Great job. Now let's get all the coal miners back to work. These people have suffered for far too long.
The restrictions that were put in place to save our planet!! #DipshitTrump  #25thAmendment #ImpeachTrump #TrumpLovesCommies
Yes so you and your other greedy cronies can line your pockets with dirty, polluted money.   That's all you care about, not fooling me.
@POTUS So true, Donnie, and ravage the planet, fill the pockets of billionaires.  #25AmendmentNow
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJ1PDsD26zyK4FD6NeBtoK6SXUz09y94FTOv00/ …
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJo6hxDm5SGls0WJKxbj_Yj2x5bTqIjIsgDhM0/ …
"He has refused his assent to laws, the most wholesome and necessary for the public good."-Declaration of Independance.
Trolls trolls, everywhere trolls. Get a job or a hobby.
So we'll get to feel and clean up the "CRUSHING" AFTERMATH of harvesting this "treasure trove" of underground riches, while wind and sun
Are a virtually untapped source of none polluting JOBS and Independent on foreign suppliers. Not good for the Mlitary-Oil-Ripoff-Complex,
For clean coal that doesn't exist.
https://youtu.be/ZDBCiZKZi_g 

#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentNow…
Does this really mean no funding for national parks
Incorrect.
I've never met ANYONE that doesn't understand pollution doesn't exist. Don't tax me for naturally occurring #ClimateChange!
Regulations aren't written for "naturally occurring pollution". They are necessary so that bad guys don't dump poison into our water supply.
Regulations are necessary so bankers don't turn our equity in pensions and mortgages into derivatives and steal them. They'll do it again!
Perhaps you talk to @TheDemocrats about nepotism & #Kleptocracy
Perhaps you could skip the generalizations and talk about something with substance. Glad to have a substantive discussion.
Can't think of anything? How about 35 thousand foreign objects left in body cavities after surgery in one year in US? Who needs oversight?
You took action to pollute. Encouraging clean energy would have been productive. So later in CA employs more that coal in US
@rie_rie76 Restrictions lifted without any regard to the affect it will have on so many lives! Illness &death 4human, plant & animals. Sad!
#FakeTrumpTweets
about time
Thank you for taking a stand against fraudulent industrial wind turbines! In Henry County, IN, we are fighting for our rights! HELP US!
India want your hand to support policy to finish terrorism from Pakistan
LIE.  Those regulations are there to protect our waters and air.  You are evilly giving breaks to your buddies.  You suck.
Yeah because that's one of the biggest issues we need to worry about. 
#ObamaHelp!!
We'll need more detail on this. So I hope you wil share.
Positive works
What did you do,  relax your sphincter muscle?
To make the fossil fuel billionaires even wealthier. You are not forward thinking. You are about power & greed. Nothing for average citizens
No Mr. President,  your swift actions are devastating to USA energy as you've taken back for decades while  the rest of world going forward
Let's let big corporations run wild!!! Woohoo!!!
American energy has become renewable, not ancient coal. My 10 year old knows that, idiot...
Yes by allowing them to poison our water and air. Way to go idiot! Did Russia have a hand in that? Russia #Resist
Yay!  Who cares about this dumb planet!  America is way more important!
Mr President ..love you..Why can't  your media be played?......are you being screwed over? stupid Question right.What can we do?  FREE PRESS
You talked about the founding fathers you mean the first indigenous people right not the fools on Mt Rushmore
And destroy the planet
Why didn't you answer about Medicaid cuts?  Only care about protecting wealthy.? Your molesting the environment same way u do women.
Wahey. We can all look forward to unrestricted city smog and increased mining accidents. Are we MAGA?
Thank you sir!! We have had to abandon projects due to physically unattainable  INSAIN GOV REGS!  We all want a clean environment to pass on
Gas prices are going down in California... due to American oil sourcing.  401k is doing great. Pls. Stop chem trials. Thank you POTUS 45.
You mean deregulated to allow #pollution to go unchecked and allow corporations to ruin the planet.
#LiarInChief
While crushing the lives and futures of our youth who need educations and the ill who won't get healthcare
And polluting the world.. you are a HORRIBLE MAN!!!
Take actions for your last day in office. Everybody will appreciate and be happy
More money in the pockets of the top 1%
Let's make America dirty again!
No you haven't. From day one you've just sent this country in a downward spiral.
Mr. PRESIDENT, please tweet only POSITIVE  things. Leave responses to personal attacks to your lawyers.
Sure whatever you need to line your pocket!!
back to the stone ages...only your small group of supporters believe you
Well you haven't exactly been crushing Melenia's pussy have you?   #celibacy #pig #golf #sexist #unhealthy SAD!
Including the Native America peoples in the decision-making process of the pipeline is imperative and smart.  Thank you Mr. President.
I am hoping that the American public is finally getting educated on the global warming scam.  It is nothing but bad science.
Much better to crush the environment and make $. BTW How much is enough? How many houses, cars, golf clubs are enough?
And no doubt increase the number of on-the-job deaths. Not to mention pollution and sick people. BOO!
What you have done is allow energy to fleece American once again.
You've done absolutely nothing.
What you have done is to believe that opening up Coal Mines will actually help Americans. Back to the 1800's.
As soon as they clear the way for barrels to increase across the world market...it a fake argument to fatten the oil monopolies...
Lowest gas prices for the 4th in a long time because of stifling conditions?...we produced more ...imported less..and they will raise prices
That's why we have exported more oil and natural gas than ever in history...and imported less...because of crushing restrictions...fake news
Yes. Good job, buddy! *pat pat* Here's a lollipop with a tiny stick for your itty bitty hands of insecurity.
Really? RESIGN NOW
We don't want to be like Europe with astronomical energy prices!! Heat homes with coffee cans!
Thank you Mr. President for taking away the strangling effects of the liberal left.
Wow..not a lot of support for Trump I'm seeing here. How was he elected in the first place?
Thank you for your  good  work
YOU TOOK AWAY THE RESTRICTIONS THAT STOPPED YOU AND RICH FRIEND FROM AS STEALING FROM THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.  GREAT MOVE F'ING PIG!!!
This isnt America's WH this (w)hite (h)ouse belongs to #Vladimir #PutinOnTheTrumPence white house. Or should I say #PutinOnTheChumPence (wh)
Coal and oil are not American energy. US is the land of innovation and clean energy is innovation. Create jobs don't cling to dead ones
Hoax!
Under Obama, production up, prices down, plus increase in alternate energy. You lie!!
ooh crushing restrictions on industries with more money than god.
You could care less about the enviroment,Traitor .
yes.
45 all ur doing is killing our planet 4 ur own greed. Rich people are going to get what's coming to them when we rise up and take u out.
Adan.  You must not have a job.  You sound like you are afraid of making American great again.  You are so negative.
At the expense of our environment and our health!
Ever heard of renewable energy? You might want to look into that....
you are doing great
No! You have taken swift action in crushing the American people.
#FactYou45
All you have done since your first day in office is tweet, play golf and yell at tv's. Nice try.
Love the energy field.  Commission checks come second to none. Invest, invest, invest!!!
You were accomplishing more than even any in-office Pres even b4 in office Nov-Jan ’17. I think u are the greatEST hero to the whole world!
The depth of your stupidity is "vast"
Meaning it's "incredible" how under qualified you are
How about making a speech with less qualifiers like "incredible" and "we learned a lot." The only person learning on the job is you...

Blah bla, More FAKE NEWS BLAST FROM #FakeNewsPimpTrump
#cyberbully
You mean to plow down our beautiful protected lands, habitats, species...burial grounds...
Pocahontas didn't want to join the Tribal Leader Energy Round Table. But she's soooo Native American!
You are going to collapse the economy. #impeachyourself
May I rephrase this for you Donnie? You removed regulations to protect the people's air and water so your fat cat friends can profit!
You are really working for us
... You have really fucked us, thanks!
Swift action to pollute the air which kills thousands of Americans and pollute the water as well.
You are so evil.Shame on you .You are not my President.Putin is more powerful in America than you are.
God, what a room full off bad humans. I am surprised the devil didn't make an appearance...
Thank you Sir
Awesome president leading our country ! Finally a president who cares about America and not socialism and tiptoeing around Islamic terrorist
I'm sorry people want to breathe clean air or drink clean water. Your lack of knowledge on clean energy is obvious.
You do realize your Trump Plaza & Mar a Largo will be underwater when you destroy our environment.
Dear Donald-please be careful that we don't crush Mother Earth in the process. She's very important and beloved. Without her, well...
I wish there were a way to declare a vote of no confidence and redo the election with new candidates altogether
How about finding energy sources that aren't stuck in the mid-twentieth century Mr. Trump.
Flooding the market can't be good for the Russians. Hahaha! To bad we didn't get along after WWII. Oh well, MAGA.
I call bullshit on this.
Lol we was on the right track as far as energy ! Trump is up to his scams again
What??? You lied to coal miners and you are a disgrace. IThe history books will show the horrible era of an unfit manbaby in the WH.
Lol
From your first day in office, you've taken swift action the crush the souls of rational, intelligent people world wide
keep on rockin
Donald spent his life surrounded by yes people.  He doesn't have a clue how to negotiate.  He can only bully when he holds all the chips.
Poor oil companies. Thanks for saving Exxon from "Crushing restrictions". Way to make America Great again.
You've taken steps to poison us.
I could write what I am thinking but I have more class than you.
#miniplentyPOTUS
energy production was already up about 10% last year. You've done nothing.
Those "crushing restrictions" protect our environment. Something that sane people care about. Quit protecting the $$ and protect life.
