You're such an ignorant shit head RS
I agree with Ron but I wish this had a pun it
It's not all puns here ya know RS
Puns trump all 
and fuck trump
Amen RS
#TrumpFraud #MAGA #TrumpTrain  #PUTINGATE #TrumpleThinSkin #TheResistance #TreasonousTrump #TrumpTrainCRASH @Rosie
#TrumpFraud #MAGA #TrumpTrain  #PUTINGATE #TrumpleThinSkin #TheResistance #TreasonousTrump #TrumpTrainCRASH @Rosie
#TrumpFraud #MAGA #TrumpTrain  #PUTINGATE #TrumpleThinSkin #TheResistance #TreasonousTrump #TrumpTrainCRASH @Rosie
#TrumpFraud #MAGA #TrumpTrain  #PUTINGATE #TrumpleThinSkin #TheResistance #TreasonousTrump #TrumpTrainCRASH @Rosie
= 28K+ jobs VS millions of citizens getting sick from grossass water. Plus-beware: Native American ghosts don't play! =( xo
and in addition it's only like 50 permanent jobs after it's complete.
= Unreal. Simply insane! I hope after a month or less, Prez can really C the horrible affects & stop it!!! =( xox
he wont stop it its gonna put $$$ in his pocket
WTF POTUS? I thought you were better than this, Don't make me regret my vote!! Retract this order and move the pipeline!
Call your state's reps/senators, mention how you voted as leverage, and then tell them that directly to make them listen.
BTDT and will do it more till they listen!
Awesome. You may also want to network with similarly concerned Trump voters and coordinate your efforts.
Serious question: how did you honestly think he was going to govern? What made you think he was better than this?
I'm glad you're sorry but we could have avoided this if people had just paid attention to his intentions.
@Trump_Regrets good luck. he’s gonna max this free ride out at your expense.
oh, and I forgot to tell you, he charges his expenses to the gov’t who then pays him. double dip
He's a CROOK. Trumpetts were warned &they wouldn't listen. Don't cry about it now. @NeenahX6 @realDonaldTrump @Trump_Regrets
@Trump_Regrets @realDonaldTrump back when Obama halted the pipeline the news revealed Trump has stock in the company
Do you have a link to an article/proof of this? I would love to be able to cite this in convos!

Whoaaaaa, thank you for sharing!  What a flagrant #conflictofinterest!!!
but he has no concern of law so he reads it as it isn't possible for him to have conflicts of +
his disconcern for the laws that govern our country doesn't dismiss their existence. Hope lawyers are jumping all over this!
then we'd get Pence who is equally disgusting. HC wasn't perfect but for the love of God she has experience $ no  4 Russia
I KNEW I SHOULDNT HAVE VOTED FOR YOU!
@AndreasOpinions Haha--this is actually a GREAT IDEA.  Lots of white ppl need to post saying we regret voting
The brilliance in this is that it would DESTROY him if the media starts saying his voters turn
I voted for you but I didnt vote for you to roll over indians land for profit...just up you can clean up the spill already
He will do ANYTHING for profit. That's who he is.
Dakota Access Pipeline
President Trump i voted for you Make America Great Again! not to destroy it
James, lots of people feel like this right now. You can do something by calling your representatives. Tell them to stop DAPL.
Calling your representatives is sort of like voting but your voice is stronger and you can do it every day.
Young people in US join pedophile &barbarian terrorist group PKK/PYD
Terrorist americans youth
This is turkish anti-Kurd propaganda ... Free Kurdistan!!!  They are brave souls fighting ISIS
Do you want amarica to be like this?
If you say no.If so, respect other countries
America stands united.
The people have spoken.
Get used to it.
@kennedy_35_ @LeahKlaudia @votedforthe45th @djtchwjtch @realDonaldTrump
@Trump_Regrets @realDonaldTrump Welcome to the resistance. We are glad to have you.
.@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Let's have you and all your family move next to that pipeline and see how you feel about it.
I'd love to know why you think using more oil is a good idea.
I'm sick in bed with the flu. More to come from me. Don't worry. And yes, I blame Trump for being sick ;)
and?
Make America Polluted Again
respectfully this feels shortsighted as it's a significant investment in nonrenewable energy rather than new power sources.
further, decision lacks consideration for impact it will have on environment and impact of fossil fuel on #climatechange.
he could care less..rolling back EPA regulations and climate change initiatives as quickly as possible...
I certainly hope so.
you would..#AlternativeFacts
Yes. Yes I would. I have read some of the stupid crap obozo signed.
Your inability to parse complex statements and facts doesn't render it stupid
No. The fact that it was stupid made it stupid.
this is not the will of the people, and only benefits your cronies. You're destroying the planet.
Bullshit. Take 1 look at all workers and small biz who contribute to economy & you'll see. U don't even know
uh if he build a pipeline that puts the water supply at risk it helps small biz?
name every pipeline that has permanently destroyed a water supply

HAHAHA SILENCE
I'm disappointed that you approve of the DAPL! once again I regret voting!Thank you for being like be like the rest!
You regret voting? So, if you could change your vote to Clinton, would you?
Thanks, Zak.
History will judge your ass-backward dive into fossil fuels harshly, along with all climate change deniers. Shame on you.
.@realDonaldTrump you are an embarrassment to our species and you are NOT going to heaven!
Not your decision now is it?
Well if you believe the Bible than he's got a pretty good chance of going straight to hell.
Again not anyone on this Earth's decision. It's between him and God. Only they know his heart
Hey @god what say ye?
. @realDonaldTrump you must be so proud destroying the country and the planet for everyone in it just because your lot can’t have enough $$
Whatever helps you paint Trump as the bad guy. Oh well.
.@realDonaldTrump Good to know you not only rape women, but also the Earth.
millions of people hate you
Our environment has no more room for tolerence
it's for oil for crying out loud. Oil that we need. Better than getting oil from M.E.
we do not. every other developed country is investing in clean energy
but we're not other developed countries. USA is extremely dependent on oil.
Then it's time for us to change. To evolve or die.
were gonna die either way.
How is that not a conflict of interest Mr. President if you own a stake in the pipeline? Please advise.
you're a disgrace. How far up your ass are the hands that control you? Resign. You aren't worth the paper you're signing.
Are you proposing Clinton was a better choice?
Is that a for real question?
yes but take into account the voter fraud, big bank paid speeches, money from direct ties to ISIS

r u really saying something important? Or demonstrating stare of awesome Trump power?
I don't know what it is you are attempting to say
it's not all about money, you horrible horrible little man
You should be ashamed of yourself.
I'll tell you now the world opinion of your country at the moment stinks to high heaven. Terrible.
By the way, why not release the tax returns? I can't get my head around it unless you Donald are hiding...
By the way I wouldve thought signing a treaty to give Americans clean water wouldve been better Donald eh?
.@realDonaldTrump How are your Energy Transfer Partner stocks performing?
Putting the creation of 100s of jobs as a higher priority than avoiding transforming our planet into Venus is short-sighted
okay okay okay we get it, you're the number one troll and the greatest terrible person. We won't question it again.
@POTUS BOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Great reminder that you should reveal your conflicts of interest! Release your tax returns!

Sign the petition!

https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/immediately-release-donald-trumps-full-tax-returns-all-information-needed-verify-emoluments-clause-compliance …
Hey, that's my planet you're destroying, too!
you are pure evil
sticking it to the Native Americans inside his first week. Do you even have a conscience? There's more to life than profit
No Country for Orange Men t-shirts. Proceeds to go Planned Parenthood, ACLU, and Sierra Club.

.@realDonaldTrump What in the actual fuck is wrong with you?
. @realDonaldTrump disappointing racist stepfather.
So you couldn’t get thru today without mentioning your sad inauguration crowds. Let’s make tomorrow the day you quit it.
@TahoeFerguson Big mistake .Tear the papers up , keep all your  promises and be a good honest president .
Yes ok a promise to the oil companies but seriously it's more of a decision and at the expense of a lot of people.
fair enough and job creation is a good thing but surely all parties involved deserve a say as to whether this happens or not.
Sorry I mean this would then cause problems for a lot of people , not just native Americans but everyone in that area.
But didn't you just claim to be an environmentalist? RS
You also changed your Twitter background today! And you definitely didn’t steal this one from @BarackObama , so #progress
YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELF
STOP MAKING ORDERS ND TAKING THEM BACK YOU LOOK WEAK NOW
orders make him look strong mate
he is not king and he has no idea who our allies are and he insults everyone.
WTF IS WRONG WITH YOU? HAVE YOU NO SOUL?
please dont please
i strongly urge u to re-route the Dakota pipeline around Lake Oahe. #NoDAPL @POTUS @ArmyCorpsNAD #dotherightthing
Good Morning, Kevin. ArmyCorpsNAD is in the northeast USA & http://Europe.www.usace.army.mil 
u forgot to mention north dakota. #NoDAPL
Good Afternoon, Mr. Stevenson. ArmyCorpsNAD is in the northeast USA & Europe. http://www.usace.army.mil/locations 
SHAME ON YOU!
So, degrading the beliefs and lands of the ONLY non-immigrant group in America? SHAMEFUL!
, to all u Haters keep your stupid immature comments to urself hes already done so much to help every1n improve our futures
You are  ridiculous.
"waaaaaaaaaa someone has a different opinion than I do" is what you meant to say
like the people that opposed Hitler?
so sir, how many people has trump had executed? Oh wait none  seriously bro
if you're going to come at me  try something worth my time 
@Selttianna the racist tangerine Hitler is probably going to end his presidency behind bars.
actually an interestin prediction that I wouldnt be surprised of, tho by then his stooges probs run the courts
we will not stand for a corrupt pipeline hurting our fresh water. Look toward future of energy! Not destroy our nature...
I was hoping for a battle of wits but you appear to be unarmed.
@POTUS 
36 jobs, you're risking clean water for millions of ppl, lands, animals, birds for a 48" pipe carrying toxic crap
Minimal jobs for Americans, but $$ for Canadians and oilmen and to be exported. You got to be kidding us.
What if you are completely wrong about the climate changes? The earth doesn't belong to you.
trump has shares in this ???
.@realDonaldTrump Ima drop a duece right above Mar-a-Lago from my jetski at least weekly when it's all underwater
666
Northernlights is mine and I'll simply cut you out and change to a new dba fu
This disaster is on your hands. #KeystonePipeline #KeystoneXL
have you not seen poltergeist?  It involves a sacred burial ground (graves) spirits and shit.   God is watching you.
Iheard hemoved the pipeline 70 milesfromwereitwas originallygoingtobebuttheresomuch falsenewsIdon'tknowwhattobelieveanymore
Donald Trump is like jesus
@POTUS  DON'T BREAK ANOTHER TREATY. crossing Indian burial ground is sacred and holy ground. WHITE MAN KEPT A TREATY
since
1700 to now. look at the black hills or the trail of tears or the massacre of Nez Perez Indians.
are you aware that this goes against a treaty??? Stop being a tyrant and start being presidential #sad
are you done yet
Finally a real man to stand up and not care what the opposition says! A true leader with backbone. Doing it old school!!
oil and coal are dead - be the best choose solar
I didn't know you allowed vultures into the oval office. thanks for allowing our water to become poisoned.
so as president your goal is to disrespect the people, and being risk the environment...to hopefully make money 
Yes, I'm only in it for the money you know, right?
and the native Americans? Any concern for them? You still have interests in that pipe making co., Huh?WHAT ABOUT THE PEOPLE
I only  care about white people that's why #WhitePower #KKK
This will certainly secure nice profit for you as well. Oh wait, isn't that illegal as per the Constitution?
#nodapl you are so out of touch.
President Trump, Sign an Executive Order to exchange 1 Hollywood Lefty, nut job, for every Refugee we allow in to the USA?
You must be the arithmetic man; you add trouble, subtract pleasure, divide attention, and multiply ignorance.
Stupid is as stupid does
yes!
DONALD TRUMP : ONE LIFE, ONE VOTE, THAT'S HIS LAW.
You need to take action against the Media outlets put temporary ban on some
President sir; why do we need a pipeline to cross the Missouri River? Why not just transport & distribute from its source?
gross. Way to line your own pockets at the expense of others
It's a disgrace to trample the Indians lands ... the pipelines need to be moved now!
#StopKXL
The lugs will not let that happen, the said something like KaBoom XL
oh yes dollars first. People are just an inconvenience to you. Nice to know billionaires keep their jobs.
You don't give a damn about the consequences of any pipelines, SHAME on you!  Where are the tax returns?
how much money are you making?
Trying to give you the benefit of the doubt but pushing forward the Dap instead of rerouting it is just a dick move.
I urge all tribes to sued don-con by destroying US National sacred lands it's UnAmerican @POTUS44 @SenateDems @SenFeinstein
You sir suck at being a father if you think this is right  #ImpeachTrump
why don't you sign an order to guarantee clean water and air for all citizens
you're ruining the land of the true North Americans, the natives. Btw you're An immigrant by blood. #yourparents #remember?
Dakota pipeline needs to be rerouted to protect the first US Citizen natives of our land you are to protect all people
Millions more voted for Hillary than you. Always remember how many hate you in the US.  Seems more rep. r feeling the same.

I wish you had not done that.
wrong move again.   Republican for the impeachment of Trump
Big Mistake! The people are against it. Need to respect the rights of Native Americans and wean ourselves from fossil fuels
you don't care about this country at all resign!!!!
it's better than buying oil from towel heads! You idiots that are complaining
DONALD TRUMP : DID YOU NOT SAY 'I DON'T KNOW, I'm just the messinger' ?
conflict of interest
You're polluting the land while profiting.  SAD!
@POTUS I would like to make my voice heard- please do NOT allow the pipeline #NoDAPL #NoKeystoneXL
awesum job mr président 
Yo momma so fat, when her water broke she created the Pacific Ocean.
why don't you go to walmart and get a new personality because clearly the one you got from k-mart has expired.
Bannon bragged he controls you. #firebannon
this I do disagree with.  Leave the Indians alone, we raped them enough for personal gain.
so terrible 
you have a chance to make a huge difference but you're going to turn America into an industrial wasteland for the dollar
you are a fool and continuing to prove to us how vindictive a person you are.. not to mention ignorant
Heard you are a share holder.  Isn't that a conflict of interest? What?! You don't care? Thought so.
go for it Donald easy
positively shameful
Translation:  I only care about money and not anything else.
of course you are you signing to move the Dapl forward...you have financial interest to do so. #youstillhavelittlehands
I know how you got so rich. Yo momma's so fat,when she wore high heels,she struck oil
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @CNN
@POTUS ur the worst
I did not just read that... ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR MIND?!?!
fyi our #veterans are mobilizing against this.  I know you like our veterans, or do you plan on trying to silence them too
if this is any indication of the damage you will cause while in office, please respectfully prepare to be impeached. Sad.
Oh yeah. This definitely shows how much you care about INDIGENOUS PEOPLE in our country. #globalwarming
how many times do we take Indian land?
90% of people have a "wtf am I doing here" look on their face #sad
as an outdoorsman, your disregard for the environment frightens me.
before I got hurt I was a pipelinner, now barley making on disability ugggg I want to work so badly
that's messed up trump! your crossing way over the line to build lousy pipelines on sacred native land! #notmypresident
I wish you would have read the studies from the other side before you signed 
Idiot
on the wall a smart person suggests sonar and solar w swat team response costs less more effective  protects under grnd too
CONFLICT, liar, cheat, CONFLICT, you hold interests in this.  CHEAT, violator of treaties, worthless NO integrity.

you really suck for doing this. You are suppose to care about the people but obviously you are lying, again.
I see your legacy means nothing to you. History will. It remember you well.
and the only real Americans will suffer......isn't it just great to grab what you want.
where is your heart for the Native American? It's about$$$$$
you are a truly, proven, soulless individual who only cares for #capitalism over the lives and well being of others. Sad.
again, not listening to the AMERICAN people. you will destroy my children's environment with this SHIT.
what is wrong with you?
It's about time! Like it or not, oil is the lifeblood of today's society.  This move is good for our economy and America!
Why don't you check up on eBay and see if they have a life for sale.
