I 4405034325,Was married to mustafa Ismail Cleveland ,he only wanted access to usa..  used me..  deport them all
SHOULD ARREST YOUR WILLFUL HARASSERS AND THOSE WHO IMPEDE YOUR WORK UNDER 18 USC 2385--THEY WORK CRIM TO OVERTHROW THE GOVT
What about the families, hard workers, green card and visa holder individuals trying to become American citizens?
Those dangerous 4th graders too, right?
keep americans out of other countries
Are the wheat been pulled up together wth the darnels? A restauranteur Parent of 3, ws illgrant nw model American sent back
but that was done for political reasons, a united Ireland. Islam is religious war.
The crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise. Gang members, drug dealers &amp; others...
I  Theresa 14405034325 bill this is great great
What about the ones who find home in USA after committing crimes in other countries? Wanna deport such immigrants with criminal backgrounds?
What about the legal criminals
#trumplethinskinissuchatool
a lot more "others," and a lot less drug dealers and gang members.

just let them in and when their done you can say tried to tell ya. Seems they already have targets. Good luck thank you
Ler's start with the leader of the #TrumpCrimeFamily
I have a plan to give temporary visas to illegal "non criminals", if you'd like to hear. All will benefit!
Mr. President keep up the good on removing dangerous illegals from our country . They have over run California
#lyindonny have you forgotten your campaign promise to #showusyourtaxes? SHOW US YOUR TAXES! The WORLD awaits! #flynnghazi
You are the law and order president? What a joke. You are not above the law, you will soon find this out.
Thank you President Trump. You are an answer to my prayers. God bless you and your beautiful family :)
And I suppose that we are not supposed to fault you for that??? But we do!!!  and I suppose you will fault us now for that!!! This in not fun!!!!
If this is true, why are your crooked daughter & husband still on staff? Lock them up! After all, they used private email servers, gave out classified info on them, etc! Crooked! Isn’t that your battle cry? Money where your mouth is.
Remove the criminals from the white house first Mr. 0758070035, and don't let the door hit you in the ass on your way out.
Most of the worst kind of criminals are citizens. Dual citizens in fact.
FALSE
Good. People who are not benefiting our society deserve to be removed! #getoutandstayout
Gotta execute my dude. That'll set an example and keep the people in line #shownomercy
That is an honorable decision. Get the bad out #draintheswamp
Remove yourself sir!
YES
What about the gangsters around you?
.@realDonaldTrump and your 2 evil Steves. So - how is the ethnic cleansing proceeding so far? @ACLU #NoBanNoWallNoRaids @Trump_Regrets
@MartinDjm2192 right.   Keep up the good work!
Cant wait to see your new tweets tomorrow morning. The first daily tweet from "Crazy Don"  is the highlight of my day 
Another time & tax wasting rally to help your fragile ego feel better about yourself? You're pathetic and beyond desperate
God bless Mr. President keep up the great work you and your team are doing
So thankful for this.  We do not want to constantly look over our shoulder to make sure some illegal criminal is around!!!
we are behind you in desperate need of common sense government just doing stuff that makes sense
you Rock Pres!
Concerning the wall. All you need is a fortified Highway. You have to build a road anyways. Camera, fence, ect, & traffic..
what about all the legal and the US citizens who are drug dealers  hang members how are u go I g to remove them
yes!!
As opposed to legal criminals?
health care reform bill can be paid for by a .04cent gas tax increase check it out
Mr. President,You could go down as the greatest President our nation has ever had!  You are amazing!
Trumpcare promised a plan improved over Obamacare the Republican plan is much worse. It would be Trumps first failure.
they don't Belong here to begin with.
great but what about the legal criminals?
Illegal immigrants like Melanie?
as are the manual laborers that this country relies on. Remember your Polish workers?
@Sandyarmour yes REESPECT to you Mr President
@dmheck1   That all of America agrees with.  Get them out.  They'll be back without the wall
so why isnt hillary in jail?
Mr. President the war on that is never ending.
I am with you 100 percent on this immigration thing but why would you want to separate the children from their parents?.
Good moarning. Sr...

you remind me of my dad.
others being people?
And working fathers arrested in front of their children.
I do not use Marijuana and do not support rec use of it, however - Majority do agree with med use + regulation. Change laws
OMG illegal criminals? Vs. Legal criminals like you and your cabinet sucking up to Russia to protect your embarassing sectets?
I wish you'd hire me to run VOICE.  I truly believe in the program.
and lots of hard working innocent people as well. Good job
@Nikkiakanana Thank you President Trump!
OTHERS
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/03/top-5-tech-companies-that-offer-highest.html …
Proud of my President,  keep you head high.
CRACK DOWN ON YOU AND YOUR REGIME! GET ON YOUR PLANE AND FLY TO RUSSIA WHILE YOU STILL CAN...TREASON IS A CAPITAL CRIME!USA
what about the KKK "gang" President Trump?
DON'T BACK OFF. FORCE CONGRESS TO MAKE LAWS TO STOP THE PROTESTING IN THIS COUNTRY. SOROS SHOULD BE ARRESTED! DO IT NOW.
what about the legal criminals? In power.?
Build yourself a robocop and bloody send it in then. Don't treat twitter like tumblr.
...............Getting these ridiculous gang freeks out will re-vitalize neighborhoods immediately.........!!
Great job last night
Well done, you are a reliable President, is also the only let me admire President!
#GreatSpeechMrPresident #MAGA #GodBlessYou 
Keep it up and No WElfare for illegals!!!
11million immigrant making billions paying no tax and  nothing wrong really this is were we are getting beat up on
OUR GREAT PRESIDENT
 DONALD J TRUMP☆☆☆☆☆

GOV BROWN! MISAPPROPRIATION OF CALIFORNIA STATE MONIES!.equals. "FEDERAL PRISON"
OUR GREAT PRESIDENT
 DONALD J TRUMP☆☆☆☆☆

PASS A LAW...NATIONWIDE! 
LIKE THE NEW...ARIZONA STATE SENATE..BILL ON "RIOTING"
I've been repeatedly harassed by illegals in my CA town-I reported it yet still continues- It's not fair bcs I'm a citizen
They took a guy with a brain tumor out of a hospital the other day. Boy do I feel protected by that!
Americans won't do the work that these people do. Only 7 Americans survived a harvest season in N. Carolina.
Wrong. You're removing people with traffic tickets who have been her for years. Pretty soon you won't have a work force.
FAKE NEWS! Not reading any news on deportations so who are these folks you claim?
@NormanDMuelle 
#MAGA
#POTUS45
#America1ST
what about gang members and drug dealers that were BORN here? What are you doing about them?
are more for you Mr. Pres than those idiots that are against you  keep your head up .we love you !
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/hide-any-folder-in-andriod-without-any.html …
There was JUST a story in the news about this.  Please send them back home before more crimes happen! #TRUMPISMYPRESIDENT
Keep up the good work Mr. President!!
The reason for so much Resistance:  Elites are losing all of their Drug Dealers, Pimps and Gardner's.
Time to make Crossing Our Borders illegally a Felony that would prevent them Back in the USA ever again.A Wall of its own !
please don't go after the fake social security number folks! They are just trying to work!
many have been here working for decades
Remove as many illegal aliens as possible. They are all criminals.
whose paying for the wall???????????? Me??????????? You????????? Ivanka?????????? Mexico? Hmmmm. Drain the swamp dude.
1. to remove the illegals and 2. put Hillary in prison.  All other promises can come later in the year.
Thank you.  I work hard to get people interested in coming to the polls and they are waiting of two things to happen
OK, but 1000's of good people living & working here w/o legal standing need a way to become legal w/o deportation req 1st.
Illegals are not the problem with crime You are aware that we have prisons full of Americans Where do you get your info
If things were truly fair, Melania is the first to go.
@TheMeemStreams 
You go, POTUS!
well done Mr. President. Let them go to where they belong.
you are doing the right thing- stick to the plan
But you are aware of the fact that there are american criminals too, right?!
Still havent corrected the spelling of "Mothers" I see. LOSER!
Lock them up. Then put them to work building the wall. Build the wall for free!
deporting 11 million people, most of whom are working and supporting families, will reduce GDP by at least 2.5%
Did you know that there were a net 0 (ZERO) immigrants from Mexico in the last 2 years?
-children, fruit pickets, cleaners, people who pay into SS and never will collect,
So the transgender women in court, the DACA student, woman with brain tumor taken from hospital Makes America Hate Again
people can be deported. Will she be one?
Your wife lied on her immigration documentation, which makes her illegal. On this basis, many of hardworking, honest...
~ I would like to donate to the wall.  Can I get my name on a brick?  #I'mNotAlone 
"Illegal criminals" - as opposed to legal criminals?
Poor Easy D hahahaha!
we love you ! Don't let them back you into a corner! Americans first! Restore America! #TrumpTrain!
Can you please remove yourself instead? What about the white drug dealers, gang members? Are you removing them as  well?
Thank You!
I hope keep tour promises an DRAIN THE SWAMP
immigrants are exploiting youth by making them street soldiers to buy weapons sell the drugs and give habits to hookers
amen  father brother he's about the time
So are people without drivers licenses. #MadKingDonald
Criminals is an interesting synonym for immigrants don.t you think? Sad!
https://www.facebook.com/onepomona/photos/a.1481277362178232.1073741828.1480379085601393/1632814730357827/?type=3&theater …

My  breaks in a million pieces for the family of 8 y/o Jonah Hwang. He was beautiful little boy. Photo/family statement attached  @KTLA 
!!!!Unbelievable!!! Their own country doesn't want them back , THAT'S TOO BAD, why should we be overcrowded
Some foreigners r "sweet" acts, then gang up, slander, fire, hurt by being entitled, unfair & immoral. Personal experience.
We want all illegals out regardless how long they've gotten away with it what if we start picking which laws we will follow
please help me please listen to what i have to say the left hung her and it is all a pack of lies help me
You can start doing this with Muslims also. We won't mind.
and hardworking families. Don't forget to mention them too. #DumpTrump
My hero... finally no more crime.. we will be able to close prisons.  Wow donnie
You're evil! God will be judge and jury. Having a woman removed from the hospital w/a brain tumor. Sad, petty "little" man.
Keep up the great work
you should be removed.
I can guarantee some of those "illegal immigrants" work harder in one day than you have in your entire, spoiled life.
resign! Quit! You don't know what you're doing! You have no support! Resign! Resign! Resign! Resign!
HELP! Maricopa County AZ officials are not giving ICE “any notification at all of the release of criminal illegals, True?
And that's what your supporters want.I don't know why MSM is so shocked.Guess they aren't used 2 a Pres doing what he said!
what about actual citizens of America? What about those in poverty and living through horrible discrimination
