Sir.  You need to force the appropriate agencies to prosecute.  If they are unwilling, form a task force to do so.
Appoint a special procequtor to investigate and make sure leakers are punished
hahaha, says the guy who gave top secret intel to Russians just to sound important
Donald, when you blame others we have learned to just insert your name instead of the people you accuse. Thus, have YOU been leaking lately?
You rail against the free press. Your rail against leaks. You rail against individuals. Is this the way you bring the country together?
Leaks are due to your lack of transparency. Those committed to what's right for US believe the people ought to know what's really going on.
Amen Mr President HOLD PEOPLE ACCOUNTABLE
Are you serious?
Oh so it's true though?
What did the leaked information reveal?
While colluding with @PutinRF_Eng to undermine our sovereignty you loved #Wikileaks, but now the leaks must stop? #Unpatriotic #FakePOTUS
Actually, I don't mind the leaks. They show how utterly incompetent you are. You hire your underlings hoping for loyalty to u over country.
#Deflecting No leaks folks
Leaked info
You forgot you tweeted that information again didn't you.
stop tweeting. Such an embarrassment!!
You had your chance to report the secretive meetings alongs with most your inner circle and you lied. Drip drip
 Special Counsel
 Independent Commission
 2018 Impeachment
 REMOVAL
#ImpeachTrump one cartoon at a time 
You forgot one.... Sentencing
Yes you are right. People knowing about your criminal behavior is the problem. The crimes are ok. Your friend John Gotti thought you that. 
Your new "communications director" is a tool. Pledging loyalty is clearly the only requirement to work for you. Sad for America.
Resign and it will stop, maybe. Clearly the intelligence community finds you and your cronies enough of a threat to leak this type of info.
So you admit what the leak says is true?
THE LEAK CONFIRMS THEY WIRETAPPED THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN!
It confirms the Russian Ambassador was tapped.
The biggest leaks come from the out of control WH staff that have no idea what truth is ... including the @POTUS @CNN @nytimes @CNN @GOP
See here's the thing about leaks: you're still accountable for the illegal thing that was done.
STOP LEAKER Fire them leagally  Course no matter what U do U cant win with all the Whiners Darn if U do Darn if U Dont We love the job U DO
When you advertise a story, it's good to include the link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/sessions-discussed-trump-campaign-related-matters-with-russian-ambassador-us-intelligence-intercepts-show/2017/07/21/3e704692-6e44-11e7-9c15-177740635e83_story.html?hpid=hp_hp-top-table-main_sessions-7pm%3Ahomepage%2Fstory&utm_term=.8885b4b725bb … Thanks for pointing it out!
Projection! 
Time to clean house. Get rid of all Obama hold overs. 
Appoint special unit to seek out leakers and prosecute, otherwise it will never end.
3 Years, 5 Months, 29 Days, 6 Hours, 26 Minutes, and 58 Seconds
You're a criminal
Leaks coming from your office so u can fire Sessions after he said he would not resign. Your base may buy this - but not true US citizens.
Fire everyone in the leaking office/department. Then start clean- or find the leakers and jail them.
I do enjoy it when you are huddled in a corner with your phone letting us see how terrified you are.LOCK THEM UP is REAL.
And what exactly is wrong with finding out the ILLEGAL doings of a sitting President and his cabinet? #Nothing
How to solve the "leak problem"? Be the first to tell the truth. The transparent do not fear leaks. No more secrets.
Leaks are not illegal either. In fact, they are the basis of much of journalism -- something which Trump evidently cannot tolerate.
Libs always have excuses to justify their dishonesty. Leaking clssfd info is illegal but apparently not if you're HRC, BHO, DNC; only Trump.
When Will you leak Some intelligence?
Trump likely leaked the dirt on Sessions to the press so that Trump could fire him and appoint another AG who wouldn't recuse himself.
Bur nonetheless, these attacks on the free press are incredibly chilling. They are against everything American democracy stands for.
If the press is not free, neither are we.
Here's another #TrumpPoll. President trump should:
Trump needs to stop attacking the free press! Vote!
Many words could be used to describe the hosts at MSNBC and CNN but journalists isn't one of them.
 Here are  7 things YOU can do  RIGHT NOW to #Resist the #Trump agenda and set the stage for #ImpeachTrump:
You are basically trying to take my president away just because...no reason. Millions of us voted for him and he won. Let him do his job
All facts sourced by Fox, Breitbart & conservative media Trump approves. 
Ur in a corner, baby. Truth put u there.
Let him do his job. You are not helping your country
If he stopped playing golf, maybe he would get some work done.
Really?
 BREAKING NEWS SERIES!
5 Trump cartoon episodes to put a smile on your face as your country burns!
https://www.dcdouglas.com/breakingnews/  #TrumpRussia
You need to hire or appoint someone to hunt down the leskers. The sooner DOJ prosecutes and locks up leakers, the sooner the leaks stop
I feel your pain and understand how hard it is for a  Crackpot Leftist to Ignore @realDonaldTrump’s incredible success, as you Defend the indefensible plethora of the  Obama/Clinton Cabal’s Lies and  treasonous criminally
Who is the leaker? Many people have said they think it's you. Many, many people have said that.
You can't handle the truth! If this is too upsetting for you, resign & take your VP with you!
Jail time for the leakers
TRUMP2020!!!!!!!!!
Your entire admin should just stop giving media interviews to every outlet that leaks. Eventually you'll only deal with honest ones.
Find them, Fire them & move on to next leaker. Your surrounded by sharp folks I'm sure you can get it done. This shit with leaks needs 2 end
I don't trust any of the Elites in Washington I don't trust a John McCain Paul Ryan Democrats none of them
THE PO is a mess because the Congress makes rule killing them, the PO is not a government agency and should be allowed to go at it alone
Satellites are amazing, aren’t they?
“But if you do actually leak classified national security details, I’ll pardon you!”
Good job trump thank you
What about your leakage?
Sessions lied to Congress

and the American people

about meeting w/ Russians

#TrumpRussia
#TforTreason #T4Treason
your going to jail and America could not be happier.....it has been amusing at best watching you fail....#JailThemAll #ImpeachTrump
We will make Comey or Mueller president.
The stupid leak easily could have come from Kislyak not our team.
If it was Kislyak, now everyone knows why Putin has to be tough sometimes. Lot's of butthurts unhappy Russia going "democracy". #MAGA
Never sure what to call RU from of gov but they ARE attempting more diverse market econ vs insane state-run mess. PLUS growing toward GOD.
You love the leaks when they came from the Russians

Cute but no cigar
At least Hillary didnt win.
She won popular vote
No such thing as winning pop vote.  Electoral college is it.   Tracking on for illegals that voted in ny, ca and ma, ur count will be fcked.
Wtf is the Amazon Washington Post?
Let me guess...another "educated" libtard. 
It's a sad era when 36% of the country think education is detrimental and guns are necessary.
Dumb shooting the dumb.
I absolutely do not think one poll represents america.
But this is several.
Averaged out.
My source is the 100 times he's tweeted like a child.
Trump haters really pile onto every word, don't they? Perhaps life experience, in time, will help them to develope wisdom.
You are a fool...stop tweeting and do something positive for the first time in your life
How ODD Comey's leaks didn't bother you 11 days before the election!  But 2 B fair, that was Chapped Ass, not Comey who leaked the letter!
interesting how you believe the intelligence community if the information benefits you. You're a known LEAKER!
Send the Military Police to arrest these slime ball leakers if needed. The establishment protects criminals, and goes after do gooders.
LIAR, LIAR, PANTS ON FIRE! You are going to need a nose job soon
#StoptheCoup - Fire Mueller, indict Obama, Clinton, Lynch, Holder, Comey, Soros. Arrest Bill Ayers. Designate CAIR & Antifa Terrorist Orgs.
It's called "freedom of the press", read  the US constitution
Once you resign, there will be nothing left for them to leak. Please resign.
Leaks don't come from the media, dummy.
really, sounds like you can't wait to get rid of Sessions. I guess that's why you leaked the intel, eh? Shame on you.
Youre gonna fry like bacon porky!
Maybe y'all could stop doing illegal things, and there wouldn't be anything to leak about.
The White House had turned against you.
Here's a leak for you. You are a failure in business who lies about your worth who can only get loans from Russia & who is owned by Putin.
What leak was that? You don't have enough fingers to plug the holes!
Yikes!  Those leaks are coming from Inside your house!  You should get a team of plumbers!  That's what Nixon did and he was elected twice!
Do the right thing and you would not have leaks.
Put these scum leakers in jail @POTUS  they will not win ...
You are our greatest weakness. How much lower will you go before you resign
So is it leaked intelligence, or is it fake news? It's hard to keep up with what you whine about these days, Mr. Pwesident.
Again, YOU need to clean house and get ALL Obama leftovers out of our govt!!!!!
And again with the blame game
Name one illegal leak by Comey.  You can't, because their aren't any.
joel and naya will handle u
Comey's memo didn't contain security Info. that would have precluded its release. Thus, not an illegal leak. Duh
Every time you call it the "Amazon" Washington Post....... I order something from Amazon!
Thanks for letting everyone know who CONTROLS the various media attackers. @JeffBezos should be ashamed. We WERE recording inside Kremlin!
Your golfing must stop.
Start Draining the Swamp..Better to leave some posts empty untill the Dems stop obstructing ! Consolidate and keep moving forward !
Intelligence is leaking ftom your head!
LIAR
Spoken like someone who has something to hide.
You realize that if there ain't no water in the bucket it cannot leak right?
In other words if you don't do anything wrong they wouldn't have anything to leak would they
Sessions lied under oath to congress.
Boycott amazon.
The leaks come from within buddy. Shouldn't be asking the outside world to stop them.
Talk to your people, darling.
I think leaks are *to* the media, no *from* the media.
You are the only one that must be stopped - Americans will make this happen
I thought you were the one talking shit about your A G

Drain the swamp
grow up!
Says the man who handed Russian agents code-word intelligence, in the Oval Office. You're the traitor, the leak, the russian tool. FU!
There are no leakers in your administration, they are all whistleblowers and patriots. There's been no lies and they report WH crimes
Did Jeff session get that knife out of his back yet that you drove in there be careful he just might roll over on you
Need to take a lunch with Jeff.
; those "leakers" are #AmericanHeroes
You & your administration break the law daily & eventually will be held accountable #worstpotusever
You say worse things about him.
The intel leaks have made us not trust them anymore.  They have proved their partisanship, where their loyalty lies.  I see it as treason.
You're an illegal president, this has to stop!!
People must really hate working for you. Take it personally. I would.
Thankfully,the Putin White House,is on top of things.
Well must think the leaks are from your admin? Golly, might be time to move to another country?
I thought he didn’t do it and how can something he was not doing and not government related be a leak?  #FakePresident horrible president
The post reporting isn't a leak. it's News! The leak is from a patriot close to you.
Well then. You'd better stop leaking  don the con. 
Umm. Check with doni jr. I think he may be leaking.
Leaks? Your in the White House. Your own people are the leakers
The press doesn't leak. Any leak would be the people who give it to the press. You really don't understand the simplest things do you?
You know what must stop? Your illegal activities and your lying! It would also be nice if you wouldnt embarrass America!
Puppet Trump, did you really think your traitorous acts and lies would not be exposed? The would be Emperor has no clothes.

This is really funny considering you based your whole campaign on leaks and hacking.  You know what they say about living by the sword?
They arent leaking about Killarys investigation. But it will come out
Deliberately missing the point. THERE SHOULD NOT BE ANYTHING TO LEAK IN THE 1ST PLACE !!! #LIARLIARLIAR #45IsUNFIT
Intelligence always leaks, that is why you need counter Intelligence on military operations, not that it would help...
How is this illegal? If the free press receives information on a topic they substantiate and then report. It's their duty.
Only a leak if its true..right?
#wahingtonleaks
YOU'RE A BUTTHEAD
Like the leaks of stolen info from the DNC to wiki that got you elected? What info that was given to wiki did you approve?
Remember when you used to call the papers under an assumed name to get publicity out there about yourself?  No, we didn't forget either
You sure like to twist the truth to try and make yourself look good.   You are FAKE NEWS!
“I love Wikileaks,”
Rout them out---the swine!
I see you're working on this problem by going to a golf course. Again. #shitbird
You leak info to the Russians and Putin! You are a danger to our democracy!
The problem is not the leak. The problem is that Sessions colluded with the Russians on your behalf. Smoking gun. #fakepresident #impeach45
The same leaks Putin gave you ?
#LOCKHIMUP #RussiaGate #CorruptFamily #RussiaMoney #TheDeplorableFamily #CROOKEDTRUMP #25thAmendmentNow
I love knowing what the government is doing. Keep up with more leaks.
The leaks will stop when your administration stops the lies that are "defended" by others in your administration. Sessions is one of many.
The leak was against Pres Trump as he said Sessions should not have recused over public interaction with a foreign dignitary.
leaks NEED to continue. Stop saying and doing stupid and illegal things and you won't have to worry about the world knowing
I would love to here an actual non bias report from any of the mainstream, including there zombified followers.
Thank you for announcing when you are leaking information.
Welcome to the REAL America
You are the boss! Citizens want to see indictments instead of talk! Law and order remember? Prove to citizens NO ONE is above the law! #MAGA
Your ALL CAPS are totes  adorbs!
If Trump is breathing, he's lying.
There are leaks because they all hate you. Your own staff.
Sessions, should go after them.  Have the secret service pay them a call.we the people don't like this malice stuff
Thanks for confirming the info on Sessions came from intelligence reports, and also that it was saccurate. Why you don't care what he did?

Seconds after quoting an anonymous source, Scaramucci admits it was actually Donald Trump https://thinkprogress.org/trump-anonymous-source-14bd69d07db6 …
Try Fox News for your leakers. Lose lips mr president
The press is bought & paid for by the dems
How about if we start with YOU getting off Jeff Sessions?  You are not very self-aware.
Hey big Don, your mad ravings doing more harm to US than anyone else's comments. Do you have mental problems?
Suppose YOU stop. How'd that be?
Hire a team that does not lie under oath. Nothing to leak then. So simple.
You leaked it.
Ur WH is behind "leak". Looking for a reason to fire JS, install puppet 2 axe Mueller. We peeped ur card. Now u peep this. U r going 2prison
Those found leaking, should be indicted and have Grand Jury immediately!
We all know you leaked it to force him out. Pathetic that you're so bad at lying... like your deal making, I guess.
Yes, but if you would take care of the BIG problem, We won't have the little one's anymore. Until we see someone going to Jail, USA Is lost.


Why don't you order AG to launch investigation of Comey illegal leaks? Why don't you start mass firings of dept's that leak to send message?
