Say the words: "White nationalist terrorism." Coward.
Mr President, why not denounce the hateful neo-nazi acts and attitudes and the violence they are inciting?
Nothing for the victims of today's white supremacist terrorist attack? Of course, you've made pretty clear the Nazis are your allies
Three words.

White.
Nationalist.
Terrorism.

Say them all together in a sentence. Go on, I'll wait.
EVERY AMERICAN has the right to free speech,even if LEFT disagrees.we ALL have a right to disagree, but NOT the right to commit violence.
Their blood is on your hands.
You are a weakling and a loser.  Just like the nazis and the white supremacists. It is just pathetic that you depend on their support.
When will you offer condolences for the three civilians who have died at the hands of one of your followers?
Daily Stormer loves you:
What about the pedestrian killing by your supporters?
You're not. Please resign, you awful excuse for a man.
A country where a President can't condemn a Nazi murdering an innocent person for fear of losing his support base, is a country not to visit

BREAKING : Charlotteville Car Terrorist Revealed as ANTI-TRUMP http://ow.ly/U0LX100LiqV  @3lectric5heep
More deaths directly attributed to your alt right movement. You must be stopped. #trump #notmypresident #fucktrump
Thank you for condemning the violence! #MAGA! 
#Manysides
And the victims of the racist terrorist that plowed a car over them as if they were not even human beings.
You should feel sorry you have to pump these people up divided us and cater to the most extreme in this country
When every crisis is a useful opportunity to pander without an ounce of sincerity...
Deepest condolences to the families & fellow officers of the VA State Police who died today. You're all among the best this nation produces.
these people died at the hands of white supremacists. Say that darn name of the group already you ignorant for
White supremacist! White supremacist! White supremacist! White supremacist! White supremacist!
Good time to remember these Marines
I don’t understand Trump’s tweet. A VA State Police officer died today? How?
Deepest condolences to the families & fellow officers of the VA State Police who died today. You're all among the best this nation produces.
Where are your condolences for today's murder victim?
just run this Ohio plate....
And the guy who died? Any condolences? Of course he died fighting against your ideology

you are apologizing for something you did.  You created this mess!
False. It actually was Obama and the MSM. Obama did his best to make sure we knew it was blacks vs whites, & MSM kept that going by playing
to that segregation.
Why did the police not move on antifa and BLM when they began protesting (without a permit)?!?!
We know the way. Good shall prevail over evil. Keep the faith and keep the American way. We lost good today and mourn it. Candle vigil...
Like you care, you p.o.s. Why don't you denounce your supporters by name!? #NotMyPresident
POLL 

Who cares more for police??

Vote below and Retweet!
That backfired
Shame on the Gov. for not being better prepared!  Shame to the Mayor for not demanding more protection for the citizens!
And you are among the worst
Coward! You still cannot act as POTUS and call out the Nazis! Total incompetence! Resign and go bankrupt financially, already there morally
How do I become like you?
Can you tell us again what the event was, Mr. Golf Pro.
These officers died needlessly defending people from something pretty sinister today, Mr. President.
Enjoy your cake.
Denounce white supremacy
God bless these heroes and their families. Tragic day. 
Amen
Hi Donald. Here's a car from "on many sides" plowing over a group of American Citizens.
Wahh wahh wahh
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/06/us-syria-iraq-isis-islamic-state-strikes-death-toll …  More have died under your watch already. Should we scream LOCK HIM UP like your HATE Rallies RESIGN PLEASE
3 Years, 5 Months, 7 Days, 18 Hours, 9 Minutes, and 50 Seconds
Until my second term!
Yes your second term will be even more amazing!
Insurance companies make checks out to our mortgage companies so we can't get our house is repaired from the hurricanes in Florida
I am in!!  Go President Trump!
Deepest condolences to the families &amp; fellow officers of the VA State Police who died today. You're all among the be...
If your a bigger lover go to afacai

Did you also call the families. What would enhance this topic would be know the # of military given their lives vs  # calls you made in 2017
Main event:
Trump vs Soros
POLICE ARE DYING BECAUSE  YOUUUU CALLED FOR A WAR ON YOUR OWN PEOPLE. TELL EM TO NOT WORRY ABOUT "SUSPECTS" HEADS AGAIN.
And no mention of the murdered and injured civilians. Why? Cuz they're on the other side?
THIS is how you LEAD.
My heart is in Charlottesville today, and with everyone made to feel unsafe in their country.

Every minute we allow this to persist through tacit encouragement or inaction is a disgrace, & corrosive to our values.

But the incitement of hatred that got us here is as real and condemnable as the white supremacists in our streets.
By skillfull & sustained use of propaganda one can make people see even heaven as hell or an extremely wretched life as paradise - A. Hilter


This about accurate?
Once again, no fact, throw a meme out there.. a cartoon. I'm looking for some intelligent life out there on the left.
Eternal rest grant unto them, O Lord, and let Perpetual Light Shine upon them.  May their souls rest in peace. Amen.
http://www.smwa.org/Message 

It's a damn shame that you can't even be genuine during a tragedy like this. God help you.
...who died today "due to Nazi, KKK, White Supremacy domestic terror". You're too much of a coward to say that. You just LOVE Duke's support
#impeachtrump #impeachtrump #impeachtrump #impeachtrump #impeachtrump #impeachtrump #impeachtrump #impeachtrump #impeachtrump #impeachtrump
YOU ARE FULLY RESPONSIBLE FOR WHAT WENT ON IN CHARLOTTESVILLE. LIVE WITH THAT!
The American People want to hear from a real President #PresidentObama we do not want #TrumpIllegitimatePrez  #PresidentObamaOnly

How is ABC Television allowed to have a show entitled "Blackish"? Can you imagine the furor of a show, "Whiteish"! Racism at highest level?
And you are among the worst. The very worst.
May they rest in Light Eternal
today Gov.cuomo got elected bysayingpot shouldBLegal.America was 2Ba teatotalingnation.But liberals destroyed that.
Trump we still support you even more then ever now the time to hit it harder. It will get worse before it gets better.
Thank u #potusthegrandmaster #kkkpotus
Stay focused. Stop stepping all over your agenda with fights you don't need. Have you heard the expression "You're your own worst enemy"
Your words are hollow as long as you keep staff members with connections to white supremacy on the public's payroll.  FIRE THEM or #RESIGN
What's their names
Now investagate why the draw down.
I,watch Nbc in morning just to see who is gonna,cry first....savannah or chuck. #dontcrysavanna #NothingButCritical
SCHMUCK!
Back the blue. Stop giving these terrorists a free pass.
Love and respect My POTUS45!
Shut the  "F" up your a liar that be you your just trumpish DR
Did Nazi see them keep the peace unfortunately

I do not support KKK, etc. but they have right to protest.  if leftists hadn't come looking for a fight, none of this would have happened.
Please stop companies from using over seas answering services,  they r taking jobs from American people..
Why is CNN dislike u
Remember. Hitler won an election and had rallies of supporters to. Didn't turn out so well in the end. Neither will your fate....
Unfortunately you're not.
Why don't you, FOR ONCE DONALD, explicitly condemn white supremacy and this Nazi movement? As explicit as "grab her by the pussy
@realDonaldTrump :
You Won !
Plenty of damage done!
#MAGA !!
Resignation appreciated.
Best regards, 
America
Why can you tweet about the officers passing away but not the young lady who was RAN OVER by white supermasicts
She didn't have to bee there
Hey trump ur trying ur best dont let anybody break u. Do things ur way .u already broke the media. Ur untouchable
Sdfgu
Hey @SteveNash not sure where @POTUS is defending racist
Some people should learn how to nurture a  nation from President Obama!
You call police the best the nation produces??? WTF is your head in the toilet. Have you seen the videos of Sandra Bland, Eric Garner?
I mean come on Potus let's be honest about this the police departments in OUR nation haven't been the BEST.
They might be heroes to you. They have used racial profiling and brutality. Maybe you need to hit your head on something, r have them do it
Too late.   Too little
You are the greatest President we could have right now.   May God bless the families who are grieving and this great and powerful nation. 
Mr. President Donald Trump, I come by this little gesture to you, how much I am admiring you, President of the United States, my admiration.
You still won't call them Nazis. You still won't denounce David Duke. The world's watching you fail & they're all laughing. #loser #resign
My thoughts and prayers to everyone's family members involved.

There's a bunch of morons in this country don't listen to them Mr. President
About its people.

The one thing I asked get me my mother's house so this can stop
You know you don't mean what you said 
Fake fake
Thank you everyone I know supports your statement. The Fake News is just bull !
SURE COMING FROM THE DADDY OF ALL
It's too bad that everyone turned a blind eye while Obama divided the 
I pray every day for God to bless America and forgive our sins, so that we all may live in peace and harmony.
Keep shining we need you so bad!
And you are the worst
Show your DEEPEST CONDOLENCES by firing Bannon, Miller & Gorka! Neo-Nazis hiding in the WH; shameful!
Condolences for Heather but deepets condolences for policemen killed. Is there no depths this democratic President cannot stoop DISPICABLE?
Lock you up ... N O W!
Hey Sarah! Have fun defending @POTUS's non answer in condemning #WhiteSupremacists. You've got your work cut out for you. Need any gum?
Soooooo do you plan to condemn white supremacy? Or are you going to continue to condone these actual fucking terrorists
Say her name
HEATHER HEYER
Obama's response to Charlottesville violence is one of most popular in Twitter's history
What officer died???
This is the truth spoken here by Sherriff Clarke #MAGA STOP THE HATE. BLM IS A HATE GROUP, ANTIFA HATES, LIBERALS HATE. STOP IT.
That's it?  Coward to stand up to those who voted for you

Wow. How profound. Gave that a lot of thought. You're an embarassment.
Please put Hillary in jail

Fellow patriots do not be discouraged and distracted by the propaganda media that includes fox I have faith in God and President Trump peace 
Is egregious display of bigotry came from many sides the other night???
Fake compassion from a fake president.

XczzzzXxxxxxddźzsa
How have you not dropped dead yet
Well said President Trump
Just can't denounce the alt right, skinheads, nazis, and other white supremacists can you? your approval rating is low you need the bigots
It's time you come right out and say your against white supremacy! But you won't ! Why , because they voted for you , why because of HATE

Do not come back 2 Ur hometown.
U betrayed UR hometown.
The Tower of Babel is a million miles taller & more beautiful than yours.
RESIGN
For you know them by their fruit. Donald read God's Word. You are not exemplifying Christ. Beware of God's Judgement.

So like... do you maybe wanna address the fact that your country literally has white supremacists? Idk seems important
Go there and see who shows up to cheer for you. You'll know them by the your uniform- red trucker hat, running women down with cars.
Their blood is also on your hands. Coward. Draft dodger. Nazi sympathizer. Russian puppet.

When you can't speak intelligently from fact.. photo shop a picture and send it to MSNBC. You people are so easy. That's why MAGA 2020!
Their deaths are at your door. You as good as stomped their lives out with your hateful rhetoric.

Mayors fault, police told to stand down. Rally goers made to leave right through ANTFA &BLM; asked to go same way as cops, told no!


Your condolences don't mean shit weave cap head if you don't condemn the white supremacist behavior. You created this environment of hate.
DT doesn't have the balls to speak out directly to white power. He'll loose Russian supporters
