.@realDonaldTrump 
And then a beautiful sucker punch from Hillary Rodham Clinton "3-0."  Best tweet ever!
TKO
What's the score now?
ding
ding
ding
the only disgrace is you.  #NoTrumpNYC
douche
Speaking of disgraceful decisions, President Trump...
LAWFARE: "Remarkably, in the entire opinion, the panel did not bother even to cite this (the) statute." A disgraceful de...

..u proved that America is Great Satan..I mean your govt. not people. Americans are innocent and now they are against you
Clinton got 3 million more votes. Trump won because of the electoral college.
No, he won due to putin manipulation
You are guilty of treason.  I've just finished drafting some nice Articles of Impeachment!
GO NIGHT SCHOOL YOU MAY LEARN SOMETHING. TURN OFF TV AND MOBILE
Tired of government agency's that don't work for the people, fire them all!
really, because you've never been disgraceful... fake Trump!
I would like to be youre local south tx contractor to build your wall. Please call me when you get a minute. Great speech
Right about it you are, this needs a change too.
why dont you file a federal lawsuit against congress for the russian scandle being slander of the president
You did not read this whole piece. Was it glossed over on Fox?
I will cite it. It was a disgraceful decision. I am ashamed.
ur grasp of English is amazing. Everything u say is sad, horrible and disgraceful, not true, fake---on &son
Except for the wayward most normal people see the 9th as a fringe court.  I say abolish it send them packing!!
I'm a farmer and the chemtrails are stunting our crops.  I've spent $160,000 in testing since June 12, 1989, we need talk
yes it is disgusting
what is Law, if everyone at the top can do what they want, but us Americans can not..
it's a cash scam
you're doing a great job! Keep up the good work!!
...there is a reason you are not a lawyer
The Injustice courts are ruling by precedence not the Law. The whole system needs to be overhauled right down to locals
The Trump ban is such a disgraceful failure.Writing another one is still a moslem ban.A wolf in sheep's clothing losing bad
Your embarrassing to this country i cant even listen to anything u say.. You exaggerate everything thats not true.. Sad..
You made yourself look really childish. Im not surprized that u cant have 1 successfull speech. You cant answer 1 question.
#youtook1entireepidode&partofanotherthisweek #missedthewedding!!!
#nonewsbreaksduringDays
wat u bothering the POTUS for?
couldn't help myself He tweets all the time,
I know. Smh. Not very presidential
@Navyman1983 all these assholes in the comments forget how much Obama was hated. That prick will see jail soon
It's a disgrace that you would nominate someone like Alexander Acosta. A favorite of La Raza you betrayed us
mr president tell Israel to bomb Iran nuclear plants because they did it before and United States was clean
you are disgraceful
@POTUS @DNC I WILL SAY THIS FOR THE LEFT, They are very creative in their little fantasy world. YOU LOST! Stop crying!
mate you are an absolute donut
Worst President Ever!!
Take care Mister President. You have one chance, not two. Not just make American great, help to make better all
what about gun rights for none aggravated felons. I think they do deserve a chance to protect their families.
A disgraceful decision? Did you mean your presidency?
i want to be a
clear you tweeted this after watching TV and MISS the rest as usual. Facts and details matter.
LAWFARW: When Trumps butt hurts because he lost this case! Bye Bye Fake Muslim ban!
I know you can help
It cost $0.00 to treat someone with Respect. Mr President you deserve Respect, thank you. AWBG again. 
18 USC sub. sec. 241 & 242, make it a felony to violate citizens rights (employment, schooling..) "..under color of law" !
you are working against idiots .. haters .. jealous .. immature
nut ball
pump the brakes cowboy
YOU are the DISGRACE!  To Honesty, to Morality, to Any kind of Ethical Conduct.
everything Trump says is #fakenews ...
# Drain the Swamp.
Actually absurd. Didn't get that story out though.
if you spend half the time you take to make this post least we can make America great again
you don't have a job to do in the white house twitter fingers
It is so you to disrespect one of the branches of our govt. You don't know the Constittution, the law. U LOST BIGLY.
.
An independent judiciary is essential to a democracy
Thank you our president!
hi
U just keep doing what you R doing...Vet from Georgia got ur 6
Because you know the law so well?  lol  Oh yeah, release your taxes.
Constitutional Checks and Balances suck don't they?
诺妈呗
This proves that you're an incompetent. Can you not read, or do you just not comprehend what you've read?
they ruled on the restraining order. Ignorance.
For once please take a disappointment like a grown man and cut out the insults.
you're disgraceful!
Mr President, I think that you were sabotaged by Obama Administration, the raid and media, can help U. aDiamndbarron
Stay strong. So much on your plate. I pray for you and our nation every day. Be WISE. Think before you speak.God bless.
You sir are the one who is disgraceful!
-Don't back down-we are behind you -Reissue travel ban executive order
we support u 100percent
Unbelievable !!!
hang in the Mr. President we will defeat these disgraceful degenerates. Most of America are behind you.
"this (the)"... name of my next musical project...
TRUMP #1 President
By your obedience to this decision, Sir, you have elevated the Judicial Branch above the Executive.  Bad.
It is unbelievable that courts are corrupt leftists. You must fix this!! Trusting you will!
Your doing a GREAT job and have our support. Keep going! Don't let "them" get you down.
Ever play "Rock, paper, scissors"?  U.S. Constitution overrides the statute.
#Ifeelyourewrong shut up about law, all you know is how to claim bankruptcy...
PLEASE repeal EPA modify cars for  racing regs.
you should do extreme vetting of your staff.  Only you know how to do extreme vetting!!
That's because the Constitution trumps (no pun intended) a statute. Mr Khan will give you a copy of the Constitution...
you didnt site it either, and wouldnt have even known about it without that lawyer saying something. Nitwit
I love you and what your doing!
more disgrac fuel is business with the the other side
says the KGB operative
"Being powerful is like being a lady. If you have to tell people you are.......... you aren't." Margaret Thatcher
how could you let this good man go, we were rallied by him!  Senseless!  Calm down and stand firm.
Trump er en gammel tosse født uden hjerne
please help us mr president
mr president for how long are we the people of biafra will be humiliated
China No.1！！！！
there are a lot of sore losers out there ! The State of the Union has become a disgrace.. Focus on the HUGE job of repair
Legal system works for itself and has become politically involved in laws and who it rules for, not what is right or wrong!
the constitution is the law preventing the immigration executive order. Remember that you took an oath.
whelp...the President has now joined the masses. The prob is the courts. They are BAR mafia. Trump has the backbone to win.
so now you are a lawyer too?
a lawful decision.
HOW BIG IS YOUR EGO? YOU UNDERSTAND WHAT YOU READ BETTER THAN ANYONE? YOUR EGO KNOWS NO BOUNDS, DOES IT?
like you knew.the statute?  Doubt it.
We have been attacked before by undetected terrorist from friendly countries. Did they forget?
Stay strong Mr. President. God bless you as you keep us safe.
@Mike_P_Williams  To win, play be the rules. The rules 4 new Pres was not a popular vote. A wise person accepts the rules.
911 terrorist were from friendly countries. I wish we could have termed them inadmissible aliens. Unite
They are activists Judges,,,,,,
I just don't understand why our new President has everyone trying to stop him . All he wants is safety for all Americans
too bad u didn't read the whole thing cause it doesn't say that, another lie,  oh yeah I 4got u can't read.
It's OK Sir. Soon they'll figure out Obama's stuff violated the Constitution and can't be enforced. Free Mark Taylor
Please allow me to apologize for the despicable way you are being treated Mr.President!We don't all feel that way towards u
congress needs to disband the 9th! Make America safe!
Apparently Justice in the liberal West is deaf, dumb, blind and stupid!  Don't give them quarter.  Go for the jugular. Thx
9th Federal Court in SF is a joke. Constitution and the Law prevails, not the Liberal Political Judges.
you're a 
you dont cite anything. Maybe it came out of their butts just like your alternative facts do.
fix congress dummy!
if FLYNN compromised once .he will do it again...he must go...vp pence didn't deserve that..neither did the American people

Keep doing what you are doing.  Where God is working there will always be protests.
When Republican's hold Townhalls on ACA refer to problem parts they need handouts with references where it's stated & Facts
your doing great!
It's refreshing that you finally admitted to wrongdoing here.  Bravo.
As LTribe noted, It DID cite the statute you relied on at p.4.
Donald, que pasa con mis red, que se me está convirtiendo en un cementerio, de NetworKet? Si puede a ver una sugerencia???
Continue to stand strong!!
Don't back down.  You are right!!  Don't cow-tow to their errors.
You will be removed from power and prosecuted for crimes against the American people. @Greg_Palast proves #trumpstoleit

This is still a democracy and the Judicial doesn't report to you. You can't fire them and you can't intimidate them. So sad
Stay strong Mr. President! We elected you to get this hard job done. Judges are way out of line...
Wrong again! Read page 4.
: The disgrace is all yours. How do you think disparaging the rule of law makes sense? Certainly not presidential.
you are the only FAKE in fake news.  Stop embarrassing the US with your IGNORANT tweets.  You're a HUGE EMBARRASSMENT
you lie again
I thought you said we would be tired of winning by now? Ha ha
Communists are in control of the justice system. They are dishonest and violent criminals.
please seek help for your narcissism
