yes it was bad and the Dems stole plenty of money for 8 years ... WHERE IS THE 10 TRILLION "STIMULUS" DOLLARS? Printed with disappearing ink


Real Americans, not the wretched traitors, stand by their country not by the president. I thought you were smarter than this .....guess not
Hahahahahaha....good one
All of us who bought tickets to see this man so convincingly play lunatics over the years share the blame for this.
Funny thing he wasn't acting.
You're both huge douches
BULL! Never did like u never will!!!!!
That is ok, we all hate you!
Obama and Hillary, with the help of the sheikhs and petrol $, created a pseudo reality w their disinformation re: Islam. keep MAGA PLZ.
Seriuosly? The sheiks and Trump were the ones with their hands on the globe.
I might have enjoyed your acting but your supporting a TRAITOR therefore you to see a traitor. Pack your bags and move to Russia with them!
Whoa, you're still alive?
Interesting that you picked a bunch of celebrities whose body of work- compared to Jimbo's- is quite impressive, and relevant
knock of the Bible excuse. If you really know the Bible then you would stand against a sadist.
MAIN ST STILL MAD, AND IN SHOCK !  BUT FULLY AWAKE NOW !

I knew in 2007 that Barry hated this country. Read his book. He was raised to hate the US
No we have Mueller spending millions in tax payer dollars trying to find anything on Trump and his team. #deflection
This needs to stop now.........
I hear you Wishbone, sorry bud
Well, Trump is also wasting taxpayer dollars going to Mar-A-Lago and on a useless voter fraud investigation...
really Trump owns it, When Obama was out playing golf he was paying top dollar and tipping with tax dollars on top of it.
More BS...Taxpayers did not pay for 44's golf or vacations. Presidents are required to pay for their own. Look it up!
Yet Trump isn't he says he is working so he uses tax payer money to pay to stay at his own resort
So sighting s conserve nlog she can't
You did !!!
God intervened in the 2016 election. I truly believe, if Hillary won, the democracy of the US would have collapsed.
IT IS COLLAPSING..WAKE THE HELL UP!
Change always causes fear in the weak. The collapse began under Obama, silly one. Trump will turn it around. Just breath. It will be ok now.
The scope will be continually covered by the fake news media... @CNN and others should be boycotted
You mean like @FoxNews, @FoxNewsInsider, @FoxNation, @FoxAndFriends? Hmm, I wonder what the definition of mainstream media would be?
Well it's all biased, but @CNN has come to blackmail and deception. They are the first on the shit list.
Agreed.  Why I love seeing Obama's wall of legacy falling down brick by brick.  And landing on the snowflakes' heads.  What a bum he was.
Well said!!
Let's not forget Carter
I've been trying to since Reagan got elected! 
Me too! He was a joy to listen to! Saw him in NH in early 80! Loved listening to him!
An actor and a spoiled rich kid. Who'd a thought.
Better hope no one wants to eat your Chihuahua.
Yeah! Fuck facts!
Agree
The only way to make the Democrats great again is to make more people poor and dependant on the government ...
Dr Woods, I've been saying for years, that with the sycophantic media, only after inauguration would new president discover Hussein's Havoc
Dr. Woods? You're kidding me.
Yes, Dr. Doctor of insanity.
Funny because a perfect score is162.I tested at160+.Guess who said his score was 180?J.Woods.Mensa never publish scores,but denied his claim
#russiantroll
What  obama attempted to destroy America as we know it and love it is horrific/scary. Socialism? Move to Argentina or Venezuela.
That old nose job is screwing with your brain
Just watched 10 min of CNN assessment of the Putin meeting. .....they continue to rot on the vine.
You're a has-been.....loser
That is still continuing with obama. Charge him and lock him up.
That's what he has done and is doing but nothing will be done because he's a Democrat.
You have to wonder how it will play out in the end tho
He may be a dem BUT we have a new president now, the corruption WILL stop.
I hope you're right but he has the shadow government and the Republican elites wanting a NWO with the Democrat elites against him.
We the people will need to stay rock solid behind our president and stay on top of this. We will stand firm
And keep tweeting!!! No MSM filters between us and the President. MSM can't give us their watered down slanted views of what he says!! 
I remember when you could take a history class on Western Civilization in college, but now of course the term is racist.
We just have to reverse the awful Obama legacy  imposed on the nation. With this President we will fix it & fake news be stamped out
imagine if we had Hillary....omg.
Why @GOP ? @DonaldJTrumpJr? Why isn't anyone fighting for recusal of McCabe, Mueller and all 15 Clinton operatives!?
I see James is still snorting the cocaine.
You have gone around the block.  So sorry.
I am a real American and Obama care has helped me. I have a broken back and my son has Autism. It must be difficult being you. GO BACK HADES
This entire thread is ridiculous
Maxine....a cancer to her race.  She is padding her bank account on the back of her constituents.
What bothers me, there is evidence that Obama and his cronies have committed crimes.Where is the justice dept to hold them accountable.
Im gonna say this straight up like it or not Pres. Barack was the greatest potus of at least the last 100 years
That simply proves your immaturity n lack of wisdom honor dignity n intelligance n proves my points
They then proceeded to absolutely obstruct every proposal obama n the dems put forth therefor obama was forced to resort to exec orders to
Actually what i said is TRUTH plain n simple u dont have to like it but accept
Every passing day provides more evidence of Obama's ineptitude & downright disdain for the country & people who elected him POTUS.
Soooo true!  The corrupt LEFT have zero integrity!  #VoterID  Lets stop the voting corruption from the LEFT.  #MAGA
You better be careful Woods. With your decimated career, you'll need 45Care! At your advanced age, that's a death sentence 4 a geriatric! df
I've admired your work, and believe that intelligent people can disagree on politics. I am trying hard to see your intelligence presently.
Let's break this down- you're saying a POTUS purposely crafted a plan that would destroy the country...for what purpose? The fun of it?
Jihad means struggle look it up
these people ain't struggling with the United States my friend they're Waging War on
Who like muslims or people hijacking the Muslim religion actually it's a different form like Pentecostal y region is same learn more


All those issues exist because Obama is too conservative. If he was a liberal, all those problems would be solved.
Sadly, I think we knew the damage BO was causing.
Brilliant!!!
Ummmm, nope. Not one word of that is true.
It was a scorched earth policy wanting the destruction of this country!
Quintisential Pandora's Box!

Hillary should be on her way to jail! Why is she apparently exempt?
RT @RealJamesWoods: Only now with a #RealPresident do we see the scope of destruction engineered by #Obama and the #Demo...
What have you been smoking?
Release The DNC Server

#CNNBlackmail 
#fakenews
Subpoena DNC server. But I am sure they have been bleached and hammered like Hillary's now

We need another Ellis Usland that all immigrants must stay in until they are declared acceptable for the USA.
Only when 2 old rich guys are approaching Death's Door do they reveal their pathetic true colors.  One irrelevant, other incompetent, both 
How can the far left and deep state be so united on baisless claims and the republicans have facts and can't even unite for factual crimes
THAT is what I want to know.
Crazy..HUH
You probably believe Obama is far left, right?
Hey Jimmy when was your last good movie?
I hope the next 8 years work out for you. POTUS'S tax & health plans help the rich will get richer while the rest get less services.
You poor, pitiful old man.

You're seeing things!
https://pro.hsionlineorders.net/p/HSI170124A/PHSIT616/?h=true …
You may have a high IQ Mr. Woods. But you certainly have a low threshold for our current commander and con.
James woods. Hush your irrelevant noise. @gop doesn't like #Hollywood. Your thoughts and words mean nothing.  Ex GOP in FLA
As a Rhode Islander, I'm embarrassed you're from my home state. As a teacher, I'm ashamed of your ignorance.
James, explain how believing in a man who murders his own people OVER our own intelligence agencies is patriotic or presidential.
And to think I always viewed you as an intelligent man. Very sad. WTH is wrong with you? Seriously? Mr Warwick RI. Blech!!!!!
oh yeah, Trump will surely save us now!!!??
Don Jr was dumb enough to tweet out these emails himself. What does this have to do with Obama? Was Obama on that email chain?
It's almost as if they ignored all laws believing that Hillary would win & there would be no consequences to their actions
In 6 months the Clown in Chief has managed to do more damage to this great country than all of the previous presidents combined.
Could you list the destruction please James?
You suck. Clearly you're becoming senile along with your president. Ugh.
Wake up!  You are a racist hater! #45FakePres#LockHimUp
aren't you self loathing clown that is obsessed with @andersoncooper?
And yet the 16 years served by the last two Democratic Presidents marked the most sustained growth in US history.
Please enlighten us James, how are we better off now. We have a pres who cares nothing about the truth and seems to care only for the rich
Pick a country Russia or America, simple. Exactly when did you lose your dignity & loyalty to your country.
I praise the Lord everyday for President Trump. God has his hand in this. The Bible says your sins will find you out. It happening.
Is he "real" because his dick is bigger or because his crowd size is? 
Or maybe it's because his daughter-wife has giant ta-tas?
You are blind.
U tweet this and 2 tweets ago u tell someone else to stick to sports..let that sink in. #GOPhypocrisy #MAGA #PutinsPuppetBitch #FauxNews
woods, go back to acting on stage on screen but not in politics
The light is shining but the cockroaches are hanging tough. Time for deadly roach killer.
You get that Trump isn't a "REAL president".  He's barely even a REAL man!
Imagine the horror if Hildabeast had won. America would be lost. Our children would starve and be sold as slaves.
No...? We are seeing the scope of electing the celebrity apprentice tv star to do the work of real men and he can't handle it.
I watched episode of Limitless on Netflix last night. Feds in war games trying to think ahead. Everything they came up with was our reality
So much it was rather scarey. They were thinking of ways to destabilize a country thru people panic & economy. It really makes ya think
Was the episode before finches first black op if anyone amwanted to see it. I wonder how Hollywood can do as they do & not see reality
Speaking of winning, on the other side there is "losing". It's true. #IMF #USGDP

You have done better than other presidents on delivering promises but you've yet to "drain the swamp" or "lock her up" or anyone else.
Are you both hitting the sauce again?
& people still won't admit it and/or refuse to accept it...wake up people
Oooo, a piece of candy...Oooo, a piece of candy...Oooo, right wing indoctrination...
Had no idea @RealJamesWoods was such a douche #movieBOYCOTT
Many Republican leaders can be included as well.

Please specify your statement
I used to defend your acting. you suck! I thought you were intelligent. WRONG kiss ass! Chump isn't a president! He's a chump
Why should we listen to a hack of a washed up stupid actor. Go back to using coke, you were more intelligent or you want a #daughterwife
Watched 'Contact' again the other day. Wow! I thought you were acting.
#RealPresident #destruction engineered by #Obama #ClintonFoundation #Democrat #CNN #MSN … @realDonaldTrump #America
Now when I re-watch videodrome for the 100th time I'll be thinking about this fucking tweet. Well, maybe not at the Debbie Harry SM scene.
Now I know why I don't like your work, JW.
Do more Family Guy!
James it's a disgrace his own party doesn't support him
congratulations!
Don't you need to follow some Reese's pieces in some lava?

Soo true
Truth!! Now we have a #RealPresident instead of one #Obama that wanted to destroy our country!!
You are either blind or stupid if you buy into this evil mans bs! Trump is a criminal!
And so sayeth "James Woods!" LMAO! 
Wow not bad
we are going through it over here in the uk both leaders are a waste of bloody space as for Corbyn he needs locking up in a loony bim
what destruction are you talking about exactly ?


Hey, how about those emails? No, not HRC. ClownVonFuckstick Jr.
He wasn't acting, just being himself.
Just writing randomly now? U wrote an entire tweet w/o a msg about anything. Nothing. Zilch. Zero. Just like UR presidency & morals.
Ooh! Piece of candy!
couldn't agree more Mr Woods & btw I'm a huge fan of yours!
You are no William F Buckley are you.
Aren't Trump supporters the ones who loudly proclaim that celebrities don't know what they're talking about when it comes to politics?
The real disaster was #Clintons #TREASON wherein #Clintons gave #China our #MissileTechnology and #China gave it to #NOKO! #UpsideDown.
It must be so very sad living in your pathetic FOX alternate universe of anger, fear, and hatred, with ZERO connection to reality. smfh
Let’s remember all the times Trump and his associates denied collusion with Russia shall we?
#FakePresident #NotSmarterThanAFifthGrader
That doesn't even make sense. #irrelavantsayswhat

Ain't seen nothin' yet Jimbo! Donnie dies in jail...
Are you high?  Talk about living in denial! Wake up, Man!
We've a real president of Russia. I want to be the USA, not USR! You're quite misguided or racist, but something is seriously wrong with you
Stop drinking TrumpJuice Woods & take "Fredo" out in the row boat
So glad you're washed up Actor best believe if you have any New stuff coming out I would never see it you're a traitor
This destruction was "engineered" by @realDonaldTrump and his thug kids and advisers when they broke the laws of our nation. #LockThemUp
LIES!!! FAKE NEWS! You learned a new word. Cabal. Now you want to use it.
Go back to trying to act.
Woods is a NUT and everyone knows it.  Retweet conspiracy theory CRAP? Because you're TRYING to make enough SMOKE to hide YOUR treason! SAD!
Why do you keep praising this "real president" when you said, at the 2017 Writers Guild Awards that, "I didn't even vote"???? #hypocrisy
Hahahahahaha.
Oh there is more to come. I bet my life on it. In fact I think we are in for a ride the next 31/2 years and when Trump wins in 2020. Wake up
I'm not into politics but you have to look at everything not just a select few mistakes because then Mr Woods your acting would be a joke..
Back on the white powder James?
'Cabal'? Seriously? Lol! Such a clown.
Precisely. Most salient point of the year.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magnitsky_Act …
http://www.npr.org/sections/money/2017/07/14/537304186/episode-784-meeting-the-russians …
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natalia_Veselnitskaya …

Connect the Dots Jimmy Woods
Okay "James Woods". Your continuous refusal to back down when you've clearly supported the wrong candidate is embarrassing.  #LostInTheWoods
Oh Jimmy, used to think you were a smart actor
Lol you voted for a man who admitted to seeing under aged girls naked at his pageants. You voted for a pedophile. #Nasty #MAGA
Jerkoff


That didn't take long to blame #Obama & 4 you to retweet! You are such a loser!
Shut your mouth you Hollywood hack! Hahaha

Yes, we now see the scope of the destruction, like....  well, I guess we can't really think of any, but there must be something....
So very true!
Get off the Meth already
Keep em comin.  Always eager to see what you dole out to the masses directly, (at least for now) not censored. Fun 2 see heads spin. Thanks!
Yup, James Woods says so, so it must be true..TFOH 
Who invited The Cryptkeeper?
FUNNY SINCE YOU SPEAK LIKE YOUR A MEMBER OF THE TRUMP KABAL,SAD LITTLE MAN.
Yes real president

& also a "fireman"

America was in dire need for a saviour

People going into a burning building, is real
See pic!
You're a great actor, and I'm hoping you're in character now when you tweet such unvarnished bullshit
Jamesy is a crappy actor who is washed, senile and clearly has no life left.  Grasping.
So great when our President has to resort to retweeting pearls of anti-American spew from James Woods.  Nobody cares, James Woods.
You're on drugs, admit it.
Did cocaine do this to you? Or was it meth?
