Donald you can't attach non germane items to a bill in the senate.  Didn't you pay attention to HS Civics?????
so in other words you wanted to FORCE people to do what you want? So much for the big deal maker! lol! what a joke!
Aw, poor cry-baby Trump! Why won't those folks listen 2 U? 'Cause they're not idiots & U don't know what U R talking about, perhaps?
You were supposed to be the Pres who disrupted corrupt career politicians and their habits, not support them.
Your dirty little back door tricks don't work in Washington
So, you would sacrifice our veterans for political gain.  One of these days they will cure bone spurs for you, you are a hypocrite.

What awesome power of Photoshop in enhancing one's imagery, while desecrating the image of another.
Hands too small to build a solar seethru wall.
You really are clueless. You have 0 idea how things work & that's why your base is down to 1/3 of the country. Check your ego & listen.
ed krassenstien when will you realize you are nothing but a boy toy for the real Nazism on the left. Is george soros paying you?
You got one bill signed into legislation. ONE & you're still whining on Twitter. What an embarrassment. Mueller is coming. #ResignTrump
RT @realDonaldTrump Ryan is an enemy of The REPUBLIC. He's obstructing Trump's/#WeThePeople's agenda at every opportunity he gets. #USA #ACA
Bro try doing your own job
They Both are Clueless
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr normally I feel bad when I see a bully picking on someone. But honestly, you two could have stopped this long ago
It's become very clear that neither of them have your back!  Drain the swamp!  The American people will back you Mr President!  MAGA 
You have no idea how governing works. All you know is how to cheat and file bankruptcy.
Are helping vets or trying pass a dept ceiling bill

IDIOT
Bills should pass on their own merit. Not attached to something of substance that helps people and hidden as a BS bill.
stop hiding your agenda inside bills it's political suicide to vote against. Bad faith.SAD!
I request you leave office. and not for another trip to your golf course. More like a permanent vacation.
@davidjohnpeter I believe that they are working against both you Mr. President and also against the American people.
Good work in Texas Sir
Go Mr. President. Enough is enough with their going behind your back.
~@SpeakerRyan and @SenateMajLdr seem to have forgotten why #WethePeople elected our @POTUS.
They seem  to be quite happy fueling division.
As soon as we get rid of Soros, BLM, and pound the Alt Left in the ground the Country will rebound.
So I guess you are for the Alt-Right,WHITE Supremacy etc..Yeah you are a Trump supporter..
I started working at age 15 at a drive in Movie going to HS & still am. So get the hell off the White Supremacy shit & earn your own money.
Graduated high School and am furthering my education. Have no children. So your point is? My question why not hate those groups as well..
So stop bellyaching & acting racist. If you attack expect retaliation. Advice: get over it, accept your color.There are B&W's that get along
You don't see anything wrong with them. The end...So who is apart of the problem? You sit right with your big baby in chief..F.O.S.
I thought you were concerned about our national debt? I guess that was a lie too.
No, Trump is THE PRESIDENT so get over it cry babies!
I don't think you understand how any of this (or anything, really) works.
Thank God they have sense not to collude with you @ananavarro  @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @SenJohnMcCain
Cruz warns McConnell on debt ceiling http://politi.co/1Gh26nQ  via @politico
They are both seeking to be voted FIRED!!
So you wanted to USE Veterans to get your shit ideas passed?  You don't care about us, and you don't represent us, @realDonaldTrump
Why? Why would they do such an insane thing?
We still want to see your taxes & hope federal investigation going well into collusion, obstruction of justice, conflicts of interest, etc.
Needs so@eone like you to say  and to not even care and keep going. It's crazy world actually don't think what media says many think u 
Well that is good your taking care of the Vets they serve and get hurt to protect us I know because I'm one thanks.
R E S I G N!!!
Trump is a sick person I hope they still vote NO.  A SICK OLD PERSON WHO THINKS HE IS ABOVE THE LAW. Along with all his friends.
Never anything but abuse from u

당신을 우리는 한국에서도 지켜보며 기도로 함께 응원하고 있습니다.당신으로 인하여 미국이 더 새로워지고 하나님의 축복이 넘쳐나길 기도합니다.
They both need to go!
You are clueless.. if that occurred the VA bill would have failed!!  Stupid is as trump does!
Thia is one of your most hairbrain ideas, bankrupt the US to get a bill passed?
#KurdistanBlockade
#LockTrumpUp
Mitch McConnell & Paul Ryan are liberals pretending to be Republicans.  BOTH need to be removed - one way or the other.
I humbly suggest to the president get some loyal ppl to get your agenda done and who is the president backing for governor of tn
Keep up the great work Mr. President!
Keep blaming everybody else for everything and never take real responsibility for your job.
Lame
your VA bill creates MORE paper work MORE WAIT TIME..and lets be CLEAR it is NOT 4 CARE it is CLAIMS FOR DISABILITY
Outstanding idea buuutt congress doesn't have balls to stop spending and stop big business pork
it is a democracy, got it?
Great Thinking!
Until you reach your deserved god status, you're stuck w/the old white ppl at ur rallies who aren't fit to be in ur presence! #PraiseTrump
They both need to go
Soooooo you're the quintessential swamp creature?
Aren't Texas and Florida big trump states?  Just asking
I pray that you succeed at nothing while you serve as President. Putin is a much better leader.
Habe Hunger bin Muslim komme aus Afghanistan
Could you also tie your impeachment in for easy approval? #impeach #25thAmendment #failureInChief
Who is this bearded monkey?bobby ape dunlap.
That is sneaky and crooked.  The American people deserve better than that.
Better run to twitter to tell everyone what a accomplished president you are.
Keep going trump , USA economy is doing good, returning USA to normal laws most countries tries have. nutters don't acknowledge and haters
RESIGN!!!!!
Starting To Realize Paul Ryan Isn't As Enthused As He Say's About Helping President Trump Achieve His Goals ..Time For Ryan To Go.
Bullies are chickens.  Running scared all the time.
Wonder how you'll look in stripes behind bars? For sure better than your current non-fitting knee length suit coats!
Put a cork in it, better yet a white sheet you racist!
#AlertTheDayCareStaff
Uh...check the rules.
blah blah blah

I think Presidential Pardons are outdated.  Congress should declare a moratorium on Pardons and set up committees to study modernization.
You said we wouldn't pay for the wall..

your Tweet was quoted by @CNN

EASY doesn't equal quality. You'll do anything for RESULTS. We'll understand when it hits us between the eyes.
No comment
Professional politicians R "all talk & no action." What a bunch of worthless buffoons that we pay big bucks 4 doing zilch!
You didn't expect McConnell and Paul Ryan to do anything did You? Past history repeating itself. Traitors.
There is so much swamp to drain!  Let's get together to man the pumps!!!!!!
Just go ahead and fire Ryan
They'll do anything to avoid responsible budgeting. SHUT DOWN THE GOVERNMENT. He'll why not ELIMINATE non essential government.
Now who suffers, the Veterans again! All the anti Trump haters are not the least bit concern,  VOTE THEM OUT
What a dope you need to watch School House Rock at minimum. Get a clue
dude they're actual experienced politicians they probably know what they're doing better than you do
All the Republican Politicians stopping Trump are Liberals in Drag , anybody with half a brain knows this already.
@realDonaldTrump of course they did. You were elected cuz you aren't a corrupt politician -- regardless the political party. Jealous truth 
That's how we get horrible laws, piggybacking to get passed. If you can't get it passed, you need to take a closer look at it.
I request that you gtfo this country and stay out. Can't you go stay with Putty or something?
Let the crybabies have their tantrum and keep on track with undoing the mess Obamass got us into. #STOPLIBERALBREEDING
You are asking for extortion. Tieing unrelated legislation is Pork Barrelling.
I agree 100%
NEVER TRUST RYAN.. Ever! McConnell with a watchful eye!
Thats the shit we hate
Because the VA Bill wouldn't have passed if you did. Are you truly that dense?
DITCH THE MITCH AND PAUL RYAN WHO R PART OF THE SWAMP. #MAGA 
WHY WOULD YOU LET GO OF SEBASTIAN GORKA .
Voters will fire the swamp dwellers.
Yep if they want to TAKE they HAVE TO GIVE!!
