You're word means nothing. You are only fooling the truck washed now. #GoAway #NotMyPresident
is a star (so he can do anything). One of his drug addictions is 'getting away with it'. Who's gonna stop him ? #RESIST
is only fooling the Trumpwashed now. Trump from Dump Tower is the #FakeNews HQ & #1source of USA corruption. #TheResistance
Secret service gets paid to protect our biggest threat to National Security. #LockHimUp #CriminalTrump #TrumpisaJoke

Any thoughts on House plan to gut ethics oversight?
 HAHA listening to nascar & sipping cyanide from my I LOVE ORANGE RAPISTS mug  http://goo.gl/xiBe0r 
HAHA just ordered one as a birthday gift for my wife (who is also my cousin). Thanks for sharing!
So. Good.
thanks man. Your tweets are also 
When Mexico sends its cars, they’re not sending their best.
They’re sending cars that have lots of problems. They’re bringing those problems with them.
They’re bringing drugs. Crime. They’re rapists. And some, I assume, are good cars.
must be removed from office at all costs. Whatever it takes.
That sounds like a threat & could encourage someone to cause harm. If that's your intention you have a serious problem!
Stop wasting our time. Three times @realDonaldTrump hinted at #Clinton assassination
So that means you sink to that level by doing the same?
No. That's my point which you missed.
That's exactly how your point comes off.
Hey, like your suit jackets! 
can u please reach deep down and come up with something else besides "crying"?  That insult is so last year
which one of Trump's cronies shorted $GM stock this morning?
#Deplorables Trust @realDonaldTrump ,even after all the Deception&Defrauding acts towards Americans. He can't do no WRONG with them.
Congress NEEDS to interrogate @RealDonaldTrump like they did Clinton during the Benghazi/Email hearings.. THIS #RussiaHacking is NO joke

U call those who don't bow down to @RealDonaldTRUMP ,crybabies &whiners yet U  ridiculed& mocked @POTUS OBAMA for 8years 
mocked?! NO. Watched him destroy our country, ruin our schools, give the US to ISIS. Wake up
@CNN A society that FORGETS,will repeat the same ERRORS
#DumpTrumpism #Trump
that's right. We (the silent MAJORITY) DIDN'T FORGET THE LAST 30 YRS.! WE VOTED AGAINST MORE OF THE SAME
you are doing everything in you said you would do and WE LOVE IT! 
what, tweeting incessantly?
2 tweets a day in 2017, less than YOU! 
#LoveTrumpsTweets

Says the guy who made his clothes in Mexico and China. Your economic illiteracy fools your supporters but not us. @realDonaldTrump
To be clear, your only motive is enriching yourself. American workers are afterthought and your cabinet picks are proof. @realDonaldTrump
don't be so foolish, the job of president does not pay anywhere near as well as his previous job!
You're foolish thinking Trump is thinking about salary only. He's got all his biz conflict of interests to profit @NickR27 @realDonaldTrump
he is cutting all ties, even those that are not officially conflicts of interest, just to shut you fools up!
Leaving his kids to run his biz isn't cutting all ties. That's not what a blind trust is. Fool. @NickR27 @realDonaldTrump
Cutting ties to his businesses is the bare minimum required of govt officials to avoid conflicts of interest. @NickR27 @realDonaldTrump
.@realDonaldTrump 
more important story here- Mary Barra, GM chief exec, is one of Trump's economic advisors. She's in the bag.
What did BHO get  from his economic advisor to help save Am. jobs?
Yeah, the economy is humming.  Sainthood for BHO.
No from Washington Post.  Oops,  I guess that is fake news.
How many Trump products were made overseas? Here’s the complete list. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2016/08/26/how-many-trump-products-were-made-overseas-heres-the-complete-list/?utm_term=.e46b96baf00a …
Simon...but these are facts that anyone can check.Trumpsters are not interested in facts. They are believers.
can we ship you off to Russia???
Jim how is moving jobs away good for our economy?
I didn't say it was...I said let's ship Trump off to Russia.
Election wise what's done is done. Move on.
I don't have to... that's the beauty of America. I can be a force of resistance.
Yes, it's worked out so far. Trump will never win the presidency anyway. Oh wait...
.@realDonaldTrump If you want to force companies to move their production to America, you have to introduce the tax to show you're serious.
.@realDonaldTrump And if you do introduce the tax, the American consumers will be the ones to pay it.
whoa. Whoa. Slow down. There's no way he can keep up with such complex logic.
That tax can pay for the unemployment and welfare for their x-employees.
#TheResistance

Every time Donald Trump tweets

GM share price closed at $34.84. Let's see where it ends up today
I predict a giant tax break for GM coming up soon!
GM's CEO on his advisory panel...expect announcement making it look like he saved jobs.
.@realDonaldTrump will you and Ivanka also start manufacturing in U.S.? Or do you not value American workers?
timezones are literally so weird. it's 2017 in the blue states but 1924 in the red states  
.
.
https://twitter.com/TOUCHlT/status/815285355876417536/photo/1pic.twitter.com/5wIRujAvad 
's WALL won't solve the problem, if the problem is in yourself.
#DumpTrumpism #Trump #MAGA
.
.
.. @GM countered your claim about Chevy Cruze being made in Mexico: https://techcrunch.com/2017/01/03/gm-counters-trumps-twitter-claim-about-chevy-cruze-being-made-in-mexico/ …
What about Trump Org & @IvankaTrump using overseas labor for merchandise? Are you paying the border tax as well?
, you are proposing a manipulation of the market. I'm sure you'll negotiate a "deal" that's tantamount to #cronycapitalism.
we just want fair trade. Can't have "no tax" in One Direction and "giant tax" in the other.
understand, but tweeting and picking companies to target is not the way to achieve that - watch GM's stock today. @realDonaldTrump
it's called negotiating, this will motivate them to build here, hire here, that's how we win and become great
Are you going to pay a big border tax on your ties MADE IN CHINA???
I don't believe you, i need to see proof. Where the factory?
DT has admitted having products produced in Gyna and other countries, because he's a biz man.
Wow! I might buy one because it must be a strong car going through the wall you are building.
Obviously you do
I'm blocking all trolling low-follower eggs 
yep - call them out and then block them.  Most of the pro-Trumpers in this thread are paid trolls.
They're everywhere the past couple of days. Some petty stupid little "plan" that's just tiresome.
it's been going on for at least a year with no signs of slowing down. Twitter needs to move to verified accounts.
I've seen significant recent escalation. Up to us all to educate users. Trolls need attention to survive LOL.
what is the amount of tax paid by your garment brands that are made overseas?
duhhhh
Substitute ties with Chevies. 
Now get the point?
Fox News' Charles Krauthammer is REALLY FED UP with Trump #TheResistance #msnbc #CNN
Tell your fellow Trump supporters that they reap what they sow. https://twitter.com/Parker9_/status/809900218259042304/photo/1pic.twitter.com/CX1D6nYP8N 
Hypocrite!
70% of GM cars sold here are Hacho in Mexico.

My tax dollars BAILED GM OUT!!!
and a HUGE % of stolen cars from So Cal are driven over border to Meth-E-KO
yes indeed!
Don't forget Veterans Pres. I was just told that BJ's wholesale club stopped giving Vets discount
BJ's offers 30% off our standard membership fees to both active & retired military personnel. We appreciate our military.
you should lead an advertising campaign with this, it's a very positive thing your doing.
.@realDonaldTrump http://lmgtfy.com/?q=lordstown+ohio+chevy+cruze …
He's an idiot. When his followers realize the plant is already in Ohio, they'll say "he saved the town"
SMH
wow. The plant has been in OHIO dummy. It almost was a empty bldg. Wakeup get your head out HRC butt
Typical Trump person. When your facts are wrong, move on to insults. Lordstown is up & manufacturing Cruzes
I show you truth you still call it a lie. Insult? Work it out with the Lord cause you are so lost.
GM responded and you still don't get it. This isn't about the Lord, its IQ points
hahaha.  Jokes on you kid. This is ****ALL****
 ABOUT THE LORD.
I pray he then teaches you how to read a press release & the Lord also gives you a tour of the Lordstown OH plant
.@realDonaldTrump Hey #trump, some advice: knock off the exclamation points. Makes u seem like the crazy cat lady in my mother's book club
Congrats on rushing Joe Scarborough out of your party.
Your children's line (i.e. Baby Klansmen Wear) is all made in China and abroad.
go get em' Donnie!
please take more naked pics, you're much better at that than trying to be a quasi political commentator.
shut up
This is proof that Democrats have a low IQ. If you don't want to hear it, then stop following him..
Why would you say that? Is it okay to make your own basket for those who disagree with you?
A lot of people complain about hearing from Trump even though they follow him. They have a low IQ.
They also happen to be Democrats. If I had more space I wouldn't have made a "blanket statement".
I'm not a democrat and intellectually I out do you, son. I'm here for the train wreck.
think they're made in Ohio, Don!
exactly ;) .
JUST IN : GM says Chevy Cruze, which Trump earlier criticized for being "Mexican made" & sold "tax free across border", is made in Ohio. 
Donald pleas do the fair thing with this Christian Swanson CEO offecier tear 2 mess.
There’s so many magical things in life, we just need 2 believe!
In @realDonaldTrump`er!  U & I see 25-yrs incompetent Sen/Congress DestroyUS
.@realDonaldTrump The Cure for Cancer is out. The government is a system. #STAYWOKE

given your obvious love of the US car industry, why do you own so many hyper-expensive European motors?
Your blinding ego will be your downfall.
How is that? @GM says they make them in Ohio.
Note that a "big border tax!" will ultimately be paid for by American consumers. Not a formula for econ growth.
That’s because they hate you and your face and want to destroy your already weak sad name.  Trump means nothing to most of the American people.
What's up... not just Chevy.. Must use tax on all goods made out of U.S.
When is YOUR crap gonna be made in the USA?! Or are u paying bigger taxes for China imports?! Hypocrite. #impeachtrump
: "General Motors is sending Mexican made model  [hatchback] of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border..."
I support Trump, but we need to be very accurate in our facts. Good call!
My clarifying of facts was not for DJT, but all those screaming the Cruze IS made in America. ';>
Why not tell ur comrades that? DJT's misleading them to think all made there to take credit 4 later.
How exactly is "GM is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S...." misleading? They are. Not that hard.
You're twisting her words, and his. Don't be a dick.
From ur side I can see why u think that. But he purposely misguides. He knows most of his worshippers don't read.
We only get so many characters to type a message on here. Often inadequate. He was truthful. Can you even imagine
315 332 0263 call me pleas mike borruso.
All talk.

So dumb shit can you tell us what value percentage, of the parts in those cars, that were made by US manufacturers?  Oh sorry you had no idea there was any US parts. Of course you didn’t it’s TOTALLY beyond your comprehension
"GM" or "Government Motors" received government, (tax payer money) to stay alive and this is how they show gratitude?
What will you do for GM to make up for lying to the American people about them?
your daughter's shoes are made in China? What happened to Made in America? What about all the jobs lost to China? Hypocrisy
31: 332 0263 Donald call me help me with this general motors mess.
#swampingtheswamp
Mr Trump do you know what I could do with Lowe's? The economy can be ours.
@realDonaldTrump and @IvankaTrump @cnn are sending chinese, Mexican, Indian, Sri Lankan and Indonesian clothes to US taking away US jobs
what about the Russian steel in the pipeline that YOU OKAYED?!
Donald have Mary barra look into my files and pay me that o me 615.       497 5363 pleas.mike borruso
That's why the plant should be here usa
Lol so basically "don't buy Chevy" or if you do will cost as much as a BMW 
the strap was yellow Chevy frame
Call me 315 332 0263 mike borruso
So all Trump family merchandise is now made here? I don't think so, be leaders and lead by example. Applies to all family merchandise.
Do you fact check anything before you tweet? Or are you simply lying? I can't always tell if you're evil or incompetent.

And You Make Suits Neckties Furniture shirts and other accessories in Mexico or China
protectionism!!! Just ask Cristina Kirchner how well that worked... #letsregress
this from an ultimate hypocrite who makes most of his own goods out of the US. What a douche!
That's really not working We know that you are giving them taxpayer $ so they stay and they will move anyway in a few years
Just on FOX news
2.4% of the #chevycruze made is #mexico is sold in US! Know your fact! U R going to be our #POTUS? Ugh #thinkbeforeyoutweet
yet another car maker selling out Americans.  All to happy to take our money, but not pay us.   Go Trump!
have you checked to see the supply chain for those cars ? U need to educate yourself how the global economy work 
w/ heavy tax incentives that will fall on the backs of the avg American & deregulation that would put our health @ risk.
so what
Not with NAFTA...don't suggest a tariff war, not wise...it'll just get pushed along and dumb people buy anyway.
Where are your products made?
Please get facts before you tweet. Almost all Of these sold in America are built in Ohio!
Good move,PET_DJT you have gotten their attention and that is what they will reply to.That is a cool way to do that,BRAVO.
Hey @realDonaldTrump, what tax rate are we going to put on Ivanka's trinkets and the Trump Tower building materials made in "Jina"?
#LiesAGAIN Here is the TRUTH-
Let's get it all back to the USA.
you do know it's only a small amount compared to what you and Ivanka sell here from China
what about your own clothing line and ivanka's line? be an example and move all your factories!
"Deal" with Carrier is model of what NOT to do: huge tax breaks, no border tax! IRRESPONSIBLE! Who decided that?
So I assume you will be moving your imported items to USA or are you exempt from that too?
love to have someone like you here.
that would. E great.
then you need to pay a tie fee from china you do the same thing as they do why r u special
cannot wait for you to take office
Deming’s 14 Points on Quality Management, a core concept on implementing total quality management was ignored by US Car Co!
I agree
Make them Pay the tax now on #ChevyCruz
: are you willing to pay the same border tax on all your "made in China" trump-branded crap?
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2017/01/03/trump-reiterates-threat-of-a-border-tax-this-time-general-motors-is-in-the-crosshairs/ …
hi mmy friends  u very nice man in world  best of luck  by
You're exactly right, how about we start heavily taxing your ties and other goods made outside the USA!
Then I assume that Ivanka's off shore production will pay a  big border tax too? #MOTUS #business #justdiealready #commie
wondering if the same policy applies to the junk you con people with limited intelligence into buying? Trump made in China?
so is there a big border tax on Ivanka's products coming?
fantast job
No, you lied again. http://www.cnbc.com/2017/01/03/gm-fires-back-at-trump-most-of-our-chevy-cruzes-are-built-in-the-us.html?__source=Facebook …
it's called NAFTA.  #DTS
What a bully...........don't you have more important issues to talk about?
Look Pot, it's Kettle.
Prez elect 2 lazy 2 check the facts, or can't figure out how. Would rather drive down stock price by lying.
Trouble is the Cruze that is sold in America is made in America and an intelligent person should know that. Carry on.
are you making sure that everything sold by you and family are made exclusively in USA   LETS AUDIT TRUMP
look at all the liberals whining.. It makes my heart  happy to see them hatin.
Yes but the cars are made with american parts you fool, you will make car prices rise in usa.
your ass can't stop lying your not going to do anything for working people
when trump will start paying 35% import tax on his products that's made in china and mexico.
Every Tweet from you sounds like 
YES, Absolutely YES. Too many outsourced jobs. Can't understand the people on the other end of the phone. Enough stupidity
Make Wrangler clothing company come back and Holley maker of auto parts come back as well!
Uhhh, don't you have clothing lines made in Mexico as well as China? Can anybody say Hypocrite?
hey does that include your own shit and your families? Not made in the 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=LvSoftqY4KE …
You do realize that any tariff or import tax is paid by the CONSUMER - not the corporation.
2) President Obama an apology for that birther nonsense. When will we hear that? Oh, & WHERE ARE YOUR TAX RETURNS, LIAR?
you are a LIAR. GM: All Chevrolet Cruze sedans sold in the U.S. are built in GM’s assembly plant in Lordstown, Ohio.
I work in Lordstown Ohio honey. Do your research before calling someone a liar .

Did someone say pay taxes? Hmmm....... Sounds like what some celebrity I've heard of has been avoiding. Don't remember who.
Practice what you Preach
I sure hope all your cross border businesses are paying this border tax. You realize everything in walmart is from china?
Which countries do you use to manufacture your clothing lines?  How about your daughter?  Which countries does she use.
Are you familiar with the definition of 'hypocrite' and 'bully'?
Amazing. Make in USA and Make in India shall always go togethor and India as well as US must be best friends for all time
Great mind!
and hopefully GM will no longer be called Government Motors
Don't listen to DEMs - Twtter is the best since it's YOU & not THEM changing what you said & adding agita (aka heartburn).
when is Patrick Ewing going to wake from this god awful dream?
Chevy Cruze is made in the US. Only the hatchback which will not sell well is assembled in Mexico. How about Japanese cars?
- as the price of gas goes up again, this is not a relevant issue.   go after trucks and suvs
See GM's response to this.  Want to backtrack Donnie or stick with the lie. Or are you only referencing the 2% of toatal made in MX
keep the jobs here in the U.S.of A.
Meanwhile GM stock drops 1% because of your erroneous tweet. Loser!
so does this mean you will also be bringing all of your business int to the US or are you outsourcing
send them back they are not good cars anyway #buildingjunkcars
And we will pay higher prices for cars. Thanks.
! IDIOT!
what about Ivanka & you, with all the products you make in China & Mexico? Time for you to walk the walk. #NotMyPresident
Thank you Mr. President we know your on our side
majority made in Ohio #asshat and BTW, that was the point of NAFTA
false! They only import the hatchback from Mexico in small numbers the rest are made in Ohio
make you Trump garbage in USA or face a heavy border tax. HYPOCRIT #notmypresident 
#25thAmendmentSection4
@Trump_World. So happy you are actually informing Americans of what is going on, the truth is being uncovered.
and WEthe consumer will pay the price !!
Is @IvankaTrump going to manufacture in the USA instead of China and Ethiopia? And the Chevy Cruze is made in Ohio.
Thank you Mr. President-Elect!
hello
Can you believe GM after we give them so much money for a bail out! 50% big border tax
start having your suits, ties & #MAGA hats made in U.S. or pay big border tax.
#americanconman
Amen Sir, Amen! Don't back down.
 ...oh right, the Trumps don't pay taxes
make them pay!
Tariff tax, you mean. You're the Prez now. Use the right terminology
#freetrade is good for Americans and the world
You do not know what you are talking about.
why must the Trump train keep going through troll station.. to bad you ppl can't give him a chance . We gave Obama a chance
GM pays border tax and passes it on to consumers -SAD
shut up
Yet Lordstown Ohio plant where the cruze was being manufactured had recent layoffs. And to think GM got bailed out too!!
get your facts before you open the mouth. Lol. Not quite like your saying.
Also, do you plan on making your own clothing brand paying Big Border Tax? Let me guess... nope.
Ford CEO Fires Back: Trump Was Not the Reason that We Cancelled Mexico Plant
Maybe if you paid someone more than minimum wage to do your fact checking you wouldn't post this crap.
ok, I'm kind of ok with this one.
Chinga tu madre.
ahre
