An Obama disciple. The self-destruction of the Democratic party continues.
Time for your Antipsychotic medication in your meatloaf? 
#DelusionalTrump #FreedomofthePress
whoop congrats to all
Good for you.  Dinner with a bunch of crybabies can't be fun.
Well played, Mr. President.  Well played. @realDonaldTrump
Good boy. You're starting to learn what is a bad tweet and what is a good tweet!
ill give a ride in my car tomorrow
but is the Republican Party happy with you?
THAT was last week in Florida to PROTEST him.
You're so classy, Pres. Bannon.
divider.
The Democratic Party's leaders now are- Pocahontas, Delusional Waters, Head Clown Schumer, Senile Pelosi, and Joke Perez.
At least he has a lot more credentials than you!  Are you taking a jab at him because his parents were immigrants?
.@realDonaldTrump Oh, Donald. No need to get snippy and bitchy. Sometimes a president should try to unite people.
. Like Obama, the great uniter, Bessy?
That's what should happen to the person who gets the most votes. #yourealoser
so immature. Go away.
Who wrote this for you? Pretty sure you didn't learn about proper punctuation overnight. #PresidentBannon maybe?
No class...

You're a 17 year old girl trapped in the body of a fat 70 year old orange cellulite covered fake haired man baby!
Why make such a nasty comment?
 we're all happy for the GOP 
Wahoo...2018 here we come!
No way! He's Obama 2.0! And even more to the left!! He SUCKS! With all due respect Mr President.
you will have the most historic loss in 4 years
love it!!!!
, do you always have to such an arrogant jerk. Just say congrats and leave it at that
Tom Perez is going to help make you a one term president. Or even more likely, a less than one term prez. #ImpeachTrump
unfortunately, I feel that with Perez as DNC chair we'll keep losing, I hope I'm wrong, but I wish it
why?
With Perez it's change on the outside. Continuity on the inside
Kaine and Wasserman-Schultz were abysmal DNC chairs and I think Perez will be the same
I thought you were an Ellison fan? https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/834377364947816448 …
What he can't be nice. You aught to try it
lol be quiet!
whoa so edgy boiiiii
Do you have anything to say about this terrorist attack? http://www.cnn.com/2017/02/24/us/kansas-olathe-bar-shooting/index.html …
Oh, is today they day you are going to be catty? Because we've got some catty memes for you. Size matters, 45!
From one Perez and the other, bend over Donny! Our fists are coming!! #NoLube 
I wasn't on his show but I'd love to!
, I know our unity scares you. Unlike the @GOP, @TheDemocrats are uniting behind the party's leader. Get ready... 2018.
The party has a ton of work to do. Let concentrate on the issues and not on Trump.
There is serious lack of attention to major policies that are quietly being put in place. #DistractedbyDrama
#DNCFuture Perez = 27 States in the Union ..off to a slow start
well thanks. By the way some approval numbers you got going.
grow up you child
Okay, Fuckfacevonclownstick
Wow, just when we thought you could not go any lower!
I can't wait until all the nasty pedophiles are arrested! That will certainly clean up our politics, lol
gas
Get Ellison's and Sanders' support on the DL-since the DNC won't support them!!
another establishment hand picked by crooked Hillary and the community organizer Obama.
Yep.I saw him today. He sure is excited. Being Chairman of any part of the DNC is a shameful thing. Forgot his meds?
You are right! Tom Perez has neutralized your most potent opponent Keith Ellison, pray that he remains chained in DNC
@Trumplovers3 What is your connection to all of the assassinations happening in the Ukraine and in Russia? Simple question!
he's wondering when his turn is.  that's the connection.  @realDonaldTrump @Trumplovers3
wow "bitter partisan asshole" is NOT a good look for the leader of the free world.
nasty.
Guess they really want the dems party to crash and burn. they need to do some weeding out of all the old crooks.
Totally AGREE!
When, exactly, are you planning to unite the country?
When he has all those who disagree with him deported. Unity is beautiful.
Fight for FREEDOM IN AMERICA.

BERKLEY_ANN COULTER.

This is our backyard, not Afghanistan or Iraq.

Find out WHO is protesting, students?
What makes you such a jerk?
How come Pres Obama didn't make an appearance? Obama's pic ws on 2009 DNC membership card request 4 me 2 renew!! #politics
who does that? Oh wait, that's right, petty people...!
Will you live up to pledge to replace the ACA immediately with a better plan, as it is dismissed?
why r u silent on Srinivas's murder? Do u support such hate crime?
#45 The GREAT UNIFIER! NOT
Republican Party? Dems are united against U more than ever and U R scared! It's only gonna get worse 4 U! Sleep much?
And yet an hour and 30 minutes later you denounced his win as rigged. #ConfusedCheeto
now if Perez can just arrange a special prosecutor to get you impeached !
Trump...you have opposition with McMaster...let him go now!!!
#PrematureUnification #Resist
just shut up and do your job. Please. Shut up.
大总统好
Make Magic And Let Me To Meet You In Side The White House. Its My Dream And You Can Make It True
You are killing the GOP single- handedly. Congrats to you, the most hated man in America, maybe the world. How's that feel?
Lol, good one!
Put an end to the Democrat "witch hunters." No special prosecutors! Back Mr Sessions. No recusal.
haha
m
all democrats should be investigated too
@POTUS You continue to bring the Presidency to an all new low - you are so petty.
you sound like a 13 year old. Grow up.  So disappointing that you use your platform to come off like a child.
you act like a teenager in an adult (orange) body.
Congratulations to Donald Trump, who continues to be America's biggest A$$
bassas
Perez has a Jesuit education. He can think for himself. You should learn to try it.
& he responded at these kind Potus' words threating "a nightmare" so showing simply to be a parvenue.
I agree
thanks for being a uniter
Shut up!!
Because His Last Name Is Perez, I Know Where U Going With U Stupit Coment Mr President. Soo Many Money Soo Litle Education.
But he have latin blood ¿are you going to deport him?... :O
see next tweet were he start the insults and smears on the DNC
.@realDonaldTrump What a loser.  #Resistance #ImpeachTrump
is this sarcasm?
Grow up!
this isn't divisive at all. Let us know when you're ready to stop behaving like a schoolyard #bully. #actlikeapresident
con artist and professional jerk, becomes President. It couldn't be more sad and your tweets show you are unfit for office
@KatrinaPierson:  imagine the corruption with a full socialist; in charge of the DNC !
Perez is pathetic & his profanity proves it
I could not be happier for Trump's chances in 2020! :) @realDonaldTrump
keep up the good work
feel so good, she is not our President, I have actually been happier ,then I have in Last 8 miserable years.
idiot
Tom Perez and Keith will whipped your butt
Perez is a mexican last name
you are now the president to all, why do you keep dividing us.  To you we should be your people not republican or democrat.
Caught YouI knew you weren't a real Republican But you have "crazied out" of the Dem party. SO SAD.
#GratiousAsEver No class Bully Go paly with your Happy Meal Toys
You must have been born on a highway, because that's where most accidents happen.
This behavior is not reflecting a President for all. You are a hypocrite!
what upsets you the most. That he is a successful well qualified democrat or that he is Hispanic? #racisttrump
.@realDonaldTrump They just keep screwing themselves. Bunch of goddamn masochists. Also don't let @AjitPaiFCC kill the internet, k thanks.
Isn't he Mexican? Perez is no way American 
I love having a POTUS who always takes the high road...in case you're ego is still deluding you, that was sarcasm
For crying out loud, when are you going to start acting and talking like a grown up, Mr. President?
sarcasm is why your considered not presidential. Rise above already.
You're POTUS not POTDNC.
to all of your haters.......Go cry at your Obama and his wife Chewbacca photo.
As the leader of our country why do feel u need to be so petty? This isn't a congratulatory message. It's childish. #Truth
& in same breath he called it "rigged" a hypocritical asshole, though that's expected from a Nazi-Lover?

You really are incredibly immature and not very bright.  What a putz.
Presidential sarcasm, I am impressed...
wow, what a classy guy you are to post such sincere congrats to @TomPerez and the @DNC. Says much about your character!
Just wait. The End.
#BOOMRoasted 
come eat at my house
Mr. President I am proud of what you trying to accomplish. You're the best President of my lifetime. You're a truth teller!
So nice of you to "work together to fix the divide @realDonaldTrump #LoserTrump #notmypresident
Mister President the dems are your enemy never give an inch!
that seems mean spirited.
please get help with your grammar. You are the president and you need to at least look smart.
Wow. You really are NOT a good person. Grow up!
@seanspicer Mr President tweets like this are ammo for your detractors. No longernecessary after last nights amazing job.
Please bring up Barry interfering and using tax payer funds and operatives to sway Israel's election-fact!
@seanspicer please build the wall between USA and Canada !! We will pay for it!!!
will airport tv's still have CNN on now that your president? Pls tell them to change it already.
The only thing thats #rigged is a government under Donald #Trump, #Conservatives & #Bigbusiness, #Fail #TheResistance #MAGA
US citizens are being murdered by illegal immigrants. Please  support victims' families.Try stop KILLINGS by Illegal aliens
yes the GOP will be delighted in 2020 when you are out and they get back to serious politics, glad you are happy for them
lmao, nice one President Trump  The DNC is so lost right now, but keep the violence and insults going great strategy 
@seanspicer

Mr Trump, YOUR IGNORANCE IS SCARY
BHAHAHAHAHA!  That should be post of the year. #icantbreathecauseimlaughing  #apresidentwithhumor #nooneoutsmartstrump
open speach with prayer of unity, good luck!
#Trumpelthinskin
GOP joke you are...wait...your not even a realrepublican...you are communism with a twist of lime
#MTrump @MSNBC @FoxNews @CNNPolitics @CBSNews @ABCPolitics @BBCWorld
#DeflectGate #RussiaTrumpGate #StayFocusedNewsMedia.
