@TuckerCarlson Tucker keep educating audience re Dems using immigrants as captive voters to thwart will of the ppl CA was land of milk & honey now a poor state
CA elections are Dem vs Dem Alien vs. Predator is not really a choice. By creating one party state Dems nullified elections elections don’t matter here anymore does POTUS understand? Yes, I think so.
Stephen Miller needs to smoke a joint...... calm the F down
Looked to me like he had one before the Tapper interview, he looked under the influence of something
I think he was hopped up on Ritalin before that interview
He had to be escorted off the CNN set. Disgraceful. #liar
Prosecute Hillary
Prosecute Trump
For what you libtard?
We love Miller he is more informed than all CNN talking heads put together
So transparent.  When do you start serving Americans vs Trumps?
President Trump I live in California Kamala Harris is out of her mind she promotes smoking marijuana ,Because everybody smoking it she’s behind sanctuary city and state and she’s put a majority of California’s safety at risk we need help
#AMJOY #RESIST
@Varneyco @HeyTammyBruce @CharlesHurt @SpecialReport @TuckerCarlson Tammy said it best- all those liberals leaving country if Trump won we’re going g to Canada!

Wow, reincarnation anyone?
Who me?
awesome job to say the least
We Support you President Trump
miller is lucky his family wasnt wiped 
out by the nazi's But do to the blood and sacrifice of real Americans
he has the right to vomit up his
white supremency idiology
furtunately for America and the world
he is a short term nuciance


Seriously? He had to be escorted off the set. #Weasel  #LiarInChief
Figures you would let the NAZI talk for you, DICKtator.

Who's up for a campaign where we video ourselves laughing at @jeffsessions & tweet the youtube video at him relentlessly?

#LaughAtSessions https://twitter.com/Ric335/status/905472507536334848 …
another white supremacist in ur regime!
@GOPLeader @CharlesHurt @HeyTammyBruce @SpecialReport @DNC @GOP Great statement read on immigration! We work 50 years & they cut R Medicare & SS but bring in immigrants who undercut R workers & generously give them SS automatically!
I want to know why Obama & both Clinton’s have not been arrested? They are guilty of TREASON!
R u high?
Tell that kid that simply because people didnt have the foresight to unregister prior to dying does not mean they vote. Ass
And by the way didn't one of your puppet masters read you your job description? #youWILLbequestioned

The kid has a real way about him. Great team. A real charmer!
Stephen Miller is Trump's new Goebbels.
He looks like he's straight outta American History X. Does he have swastikas under that power suit?
Can anyone recommend an attorney we, as tax payers, can retain to bring suit against Mueller for wasting tax payer funds and interfering in the management of our nation.
Why is Mueller adding an 18th attorney to this fake investigation partisan witch hunt? How much is this costing us taxpayers. Stop the wit h hunt now and make Mueller repay all costs and expenses.
Stephen Miller needs to be knocked upside the head. We don't care for Hitler types in the U.S., Don. It's wrong. Really.
which Russian agent will take the fall next?  Manafort, Page, Flynn gone.  Tillerson? Sessions? Pence? #lockhimup

What a shock #JeffSessions & Diaper Don would congratulate proud racist #Stephen Miller who helped facilitate Klan/Nazi rallies at @DukeU  He's just part of their Klan
Jeff Sessions Please step down from your job. We need a stronger person. You’re a nice guy, but nice guys finish last and today we need a winner.  “You’re fired”. LOL.

Stephen is a smart articulate young man smarter than the main stream media he makes them look like fools.
we wait & wait for Session to order investigation on Clinton, Comey & Clapper. but he goes after Weinstein for decade old crimes?
Fired Flynn for not disclosing a meeting with Russia to Pence, Will you be firing Boy Trump and Kushner for doing the same thing?
it's sad you need someone representing you.  Oh wait you never make sense.
Stephen Miller is just weird, where did U find him, although it's not like U looked for the best & brightest for anything
Your new rat shit surrogate is about to get his wings clipped. Such autocratic bullshit! You are no GD king!  Constitution!
you and your whole gang is a joke and traitors to our country! Resign! @POTUS @GOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
#FakeNews #FlynnFlamMan #CrookedDonald #DrainTheSwamp
Stephen Miller is sub human!  Are you kidding?  The country is not as ignorant as this bunch of croonies and crooks in Trumpland. #Impeach
It is just a matter of time before the truth come out about the attack you have on Al But you not going to win- IT it time to lock all of you people up Jeff Session will be first
Jeff Sessions fired McCabe at the request of the FBI! The FBI turned in the report showing the criminal evidence THEY found! All the DOJ did was to approve the recommendation of the FBI! Get your facts straight please. The only ones going to jail are @AndrewMcCabeFBI  and Comey!
The request of Trump so stop the madness,
RACIST
Jeff Sessions is telling border guards to separate children from their parents. https://boingboing.net/2018/05/08/thatll-larn-em.html …
Separating children from their parents was something done at Auschwitz. That is how far from decency we have come under your fascist regime. #AmericaInPeril
Congratulating a Nazi! Our republic is in grave danger with you at the helm of our judicial branch.
@AGJeffBSessions DO THIS COUNTRY A FAVOR AND RESIGN. YOU HAVE DONE NOTHING SINCE YOU TOOK OVER THE DOJ. CLEARLY YOU ARE A PART OF THE SWAMP IN DC
Mr. President, why is Jeff Sessions still the AG? JS MUST clean up and prosecute the DOJ officials whom were seeking to destroy you. It's disgraceful that JS even fails to enforce the turnover of over 1 Mil. emails to Congress. JS get some NUTS  or resign.
Fuckin syphco
Reports have it that u may quit if Trump fires Rosenstein.

You should quit if U DON'T.

And u should be fired for hiring that leftist Obama holdover.
GREAT SEMATOR.

LOUSY A.G.
I would congratulate miller because Sessions won't back you
Tom Fitton: Trump has to save the DOJ, FBI from Themselves Rosenstein involved in FISA ABUSE ...REMOVE ROSENSTEIN MUELLER-SHUT DOWN RESPONSIBLE-OUTRAGEOUS CORRUPT INCOMPETENCE! Stormy will NOT SAVE MUELLER DIRT! FBI-END!   http://jwatch.us/CuQxf8   via @JudicialWatch
Why won’t  you resign Mr . Sessions ? You created this huge mess against the  American people who voted President Trump!!  This Mueller investigation is wasting our tax dollars.
You should do not trust Tamim because he supports Iran 
#Tamim
#Trump
Please, please get rid of Jeff SESSIONS  is no different than John Boehner who was a DO NOTHING POLITICIAN  through and through!  OUST HIM. NOW!
AG Sessions are you really good with Rosenstein making a Mueller overreach -okay -by issuing a secret memo expanding the scope- seven days after the search of Manafords home? Appears Rosenstein manipulates a weak AG Sessions.
#secondcouncilnow!
Thanks to the two of you for stripping innocent Americans of their rights by banning bump stocks and making possession off them a felony. Instead of going after Hillary, you choose to attack your own voters. I'd rather not vote than vote for you again.
Fire Sessions, most incompetent appointment overall, protected by Russia investigation, he's been a deep state plant since election. He had backbone in beginning when no other republicans would, now he has no backbone at all, Obama plant from beginning
little LIAR, you have no place in our democracy!

Everyone and anyone compromised will be revealed! #CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered
ewwww steve miller. the two of you hanging around together...what a slimey team of creepy people. @HouseGOP  When will the HouseGop stand up and say enough.
He's a puppet doing your evil bidding. I wonder if he feels dirty.
Yes, Stephen is a good man!
Confess and repent, ask God to forgive you and then ask those you've done wrong.  I know it's quite a least, but you can do it.
Shame on both of you. Jeff he will turn on you no matter what you do. You had a chance to look like you had a back bone and weren’t just a suffering patsy for your agenda. This will haunt you once he has fired you. DT, it’s getting Stormy isn’t it.
Fire McCabe today!

Hooray for Stephen Miller, we need more like him in the White House~!
Your little minion from Lucifer's domain.
Time to call in Roseenstein. If he can't tell you what crime you supposedly committed that Meuller is investigating and why the Hillary & FISA conspiracy is not? If he can't or won't then fire them both and order Sessions to appoibt another non partisan prosecuter/ counserl.
WE NEED GUN CONTROL!!!
“This is basically going to war against the State of California,” Mr. Brown said. “This is pure red meat for the base.” “The Trump administration is full of liars,” he added.Jeff Sessions Scolds California in Immigration Speech: ‘We Have a Problem’ #Racist
Phuck that white supremacist POS. #TrumpCrimeFamily #MUELLERTIME #IMPEACHTRUMP
#SecondSpecialCouncil
It good you got a racist who represent you to the country & the world.
Jeff Session worst AG ever. He cannot control his departments.  Crooked Hillary, FISA abuses, Mueller witch hunt, and lacks the ability to fire employees who are political or incompetent. Sad he will not quit
Fire Sessions now you replace him with Mickey Mouse he would a better job, President Trump you know damn he has been paid off by Hillary & Obama. Mr President we America can see what Sessions is doing to you.( Judge Jeannine for AG)

Dear sir , time for the grown up Jeff sessions now this leftists charade is full of lawless judges! Appreciate if you do something sir.
I think ag Jeff Sessions needs to be fired now. We will never have law and order with him as AG. He has recused himself from everything.  We know he can overturn that. He refuses to open new investigations on Hilary and Obama’s corruption. Refuses to prosecute those w overwhelmin
Evidence.  Maybe we should all refuse to pay taxes so he has no salary. He works for us we the people. We want the DC criminals prosecuted. We want everyone created equal. If big named people are above the law then there is no equality.  Sessions is incapable to do the job
He conveys the hatred in your heart and inability to empathize perfectly. An ideal public face for the darkness of your soul.
Nazis.
But when will your AG start doing his job ?
He also was impressive in Dealey Plaza in '63


grandma says...Steven miller is making you look foolish.  dump him
Representing you is Simply Misrepresenting America. Its Russian stunting.When will you wake up ! Were Smarter then that
Jeff Sessions do your job and send ice agents to the chamber tonight to arrest people who do not belong. Do not they all Americans we are depending on you to make a point
You must open independent investigation of FBI
Miller is incredibly embarrassing
You ARE NOT above the Supreme Court.  Get OVER it.
Lionheart
Yes, Great   Job. Thanks.
Your so stupid miller is taking over your job . People know you are done
RELEASE MEMO- end crap within FBI & JUSTICE. missing FBI emails, secret societys, agents being against a candidate ? Sounds like Russis..too many coincidents noe ? Are you kidding me ?
Sessions u need to DO UR JOB !!!! FBI has NO CREDIBILITY! Heads must role over these documents!!! WTH?
Why would you NOT want to deregulate HEMP/MJ?
https://hempbasics.com/shop/hemp-information …
Call it what you will. I say he is an imbecile,  blinded with displaced loyalty which will end horriby with his 'to the death's' mentallity. Of course he
Is well, deserved.
You are happy that an alt right loser was representing you? Maybe you mean he was reprehensible on the Sunday shows?
Because it's all about ratings and not leading with a conscience.
Mr. President, please legalize one of God’s plants He put here for a reason. Marijuana is less damaging than alcohol! Bring in the tax payer $$$ to help make this country great again!
Dick. (And I don't mean "Richard.")
Rosie O’Donnell trying to pay 4 Million Dollars in Brides to Collins & Flake for their vote. Set an example of her and arrest this FELON!
Stephen miller’s white hood is ready for pick up.
Mr. President, the worst mistake you have made is choosing Jeff Sessions as AG. He sits on his hands as the Democrats rape the Constitution, now his Senate Seat has been lost in AL.

I request that the FBI and DOJ look into the sexual assault allegations decades old against President Donald Trump and Roy Moore and ALL elected that had tax payers pay off sexual assault/harassment suits ASAP!!! There is audio evidence of #45 bragging abt his sexual assaults.
Upon the new evidence of FBI agents biased actions & words against our President the fake collision is just that Fake. Unrecuse yourself,  order a new unbiased spec prosecutor , Fire Mueller &; ALL HIS MOFFIA HENCHMEN including Rosenstein If u can't do your job RESIGN or UR FIRED
Jeff Session, they are about to release this murderer as the Moslems have paid their unregistered agent Betsy Hodges, the mayor of Mogadishu.
When are these Treasonous Assholes  going away
@jeffsessions @AGJeffBSessions @seanhannity @gop @POTUS-watch & learn morons! Courtesy of your fave Foxnews Trump!
https://www.facebook.com/OccupyDemocrats/videos/1790690367690676/ …
@GOP @seanhannity @POTUS - watch & learn morons! https://www.facebook.com/OccupyDemocrats/videos/1790690367690676/ … - clarification by FoxNews!
Birds of a feather...
were you LYING then or are you lying now???
WOW. Rep. @tedlieu just made a STRONG case Jeff Sessions committed perjury! 
Sessions was adamant about not having any knowledge of himself or others having meetings with Russians. Just weeks after having a meeting talking about others saying they had ties to Russians. He's a Liar.
Our democratic system is being eroded on a daily basis and CONGRESS IS ABSENT. 
OUR CHILDREN WILL LIVE IN A DICTATORSHIP  !!!!!
Like Sessions mockery defending U he oday?His smug grin with "I DON'T RECALL or CAN'T REMEBER" trying to save UR ass,won't last for long,UR not paying him enough
There really is no one on the face of the earth that wud represent you and do a good job unless YOU PAID them to do it, how much did Miller cost???
Please prove Hillary was somehow involved in your made up uranium deal. You both go to jail and get locked up together.
You must of heard something I didn't. You can't defend the undefendable no matter how much you lie.
You was on a tightrope talking to congress. The Media and Mueller has proof that you don't have access. You've been proved a liar. Changing the questions to make your answers not being a lie makes you an trump the two most not trusted politicians in modern history
Getting grilled by Congress again eh?  Good!  When you lie you deserve to be grilled hard!  I hope you are extremely uncomfortable right now!
Pres. Trump, I think that you are beginning to understand that the Democrats are relentless at trying to find something wrong enough to impeach you, and using anything you say against you to do so. Please be careful when tweeting.
Most people realize that you are not a polished politician who is well versed in the art of deception & double talk. However, you have to deal with them, and you must use proper etiquette when tweeting to the  people.
steven miller- pee wee hermans twin brother. what a creep.
Good luck with MUELLER.
Alabama must b so proud with a LYING PERJURING attorney general and a CHILD MOLESTING senatorial candidate. You’re State needs to b ASHAMED of itself and people they have put into office, it’s going to STOP NOW!!! Stop the phony religious crap.
What are you going to do about your LYING ATTORNEY GENERAL? He’s back under the big guns on Tuesday and already he’s caught in lies and proven more involved with the Russian mess. He justmlies continually, go get em Al Franken, bust him.
