@realDonaldTrump go back in your hole.
And a rapist is still a rapist
Calling something news, when the content is blatantly false or pure propaganda is at best false advertising and definitely is not news.
Like a guy who says he is reporting the news but makes up stories. While abusing women and lying that he didn't? That kind of corrupt?
An incompetent Prez does worse!
I love the Free press, especially when they expose corrupt sex abusers in their own ranks. How's that working for you?
Taking a page from the Erdogan and Putin playbook.
You are a moron
A lying press is a danger to National Security.
You should know....
#America needs an HONEST Press. 

What happened to journalism? #MAGA

But you were employed  by @FoxNews .. what gives? Have you seen the light?
We're blessed by a free press but CURSED w a corrupt POTUS

What does a sexually corrupt press do Bill?
Especially the second amendment
The second amendment guarantees the right to join a militia. An assault weapon can kill and maim hundreds within seconds.
You’re the damage! We see & heat YOU on video- the press is not the problem
A fired predator damages the presses reputation, a senile stupid fake president damages the office. #fuckingmoron
Sexual assaulter.
You are so right Mr O'Reilly. Thanks
Looked up corrupt and your pic was there Bill.
Yeah Bill, you tell 'em!
A CORRUPT press will DESTROY itself just as it is doing at CNN, NBC, CBS & ABC! America is waking up thanks to President Trump! #MAGA
Sadly they have good ratings because they insight conflict. FOX News has been destroying our democracy with disinformation for decades.
Are you really making the case that Fox is the only one the insight conflicts? You can’t be that based Dan, can you?
Did I say, "the only one"? Funny how rather than admit that FOX is nothing but opinion and propaganda, you make up more "facts".
The same could be said about CNN, NBC, and CBS. All media caters to its viewers. If you can’t see that, then the bias lives strong with you.
Again, where am I showing bias? Being critical a group doesn't mean I'm not critical of others. While you refuse to admit how bad FOX is.
FOX news is biased towards conservatives because that’s their viewership. That’s their business model. Has been since the start.
A press with their pants at their ankles should be totally ignored.
where does the first amendment provide a right to freedom of propaganda?
You would know.
Oh sweet Billy boy
You were ousted because you
Are corrupt... Good choice

#SexOffender
Yes, corrupt, meaning not controlled by the whims of a POTUS who wants every news agency  to praise him or else be labeled as #FakeNews!
Corrupt, like @FoxNews where @billoreilly told lies And created an atmosphere where he could sexually abuse women!
Fox has facts. Liberal media is FAKE ass opinions to undermine him with opinions.
Fox isn’t even a news station. It’s entertainment. Look it up
I 2nd that idea!!!
Then Fox needs to go.
I agree with you for once
True, Fox news is very dangerous to the Republic.
I don't think the press could get any more corrupt than @CNN is looking, and worse by the day. They almost exclusively now report FAKE NEWS
Chris Cuomo is so divisive and opinionated just to get any point across that @realDonaldTrump is wrong. I can't watch the MSM any longer
Corrupt like Fox News.
If anyone knows about corrupt press, it would be you. Fox has been biased since its inception. Fake news?
And a portion of the press is indeed corrupt
From the mouth of Mr. Sexual Assault himself!
With a record number of hidden GAG orders!
We no longer have real journalists @NBCNews @CNN @nytimes @washingtonpost
Not true. We no longer have a ppl smart enough to distinguish a lie from a fact. Journalism is one of the greatest weapons against tyranny.
If anyone would know press corruption, it's you. You're the most corrupt.
How's you new book KILLING MY CAREER coming along?
says the guy who worked for a frat house news organization that said Iraq was a success, Obama a monkey, while assaulting female colleagues.
Says the guy intent on vilifying  without any proof
says the jabroni without a television.
Well you're just full of insults arentcha
Republican Jewish Coalition demands resignation of Democratic leaders with ties to Farrakhanhttp://www.foxnews.com/politics/2018/03/09/republican-jewish-coalition-demands-resignation-democratic-leaders-with-ties-to-farrakhan.html
A corrupt President also damages the Republic though
To Call the Free Press 'Corrupt' is a disrespect of American values.  You are no better than the people who sit during the anthem.
Not reporting important news is also disrespectful of citizens. Still waiting for Harvey Weinstein coverage on NBC.
Well, @JohnWrobleski did you see all the links to NBC's coverage of the Weinstein issue and others? What do you have to say in response?

Follow on back patriot Gary
Bill is so right ....
Still paying them off, Bill?

Thank you Mr O for all you say and do!
It’s good thing we have a free press to report on the corruption of the current administration! And the rampant sexual harassment @FoxNews
What about a sexually harassing press?
Have you been on Weinstein’s couch? I bet you have
@realDonaldTrump you & Bill, plus Cosby & Harvey can have 12-step weekly mtgs together, film it & show prime time; ratings off the charts.
The "Free Press" has an Obligation to REPORT TRUTHFUL NON BIAS News 2 The People Problem is they are not "FREE" Owners R PUPPETS of DONORS
And demagoguery targeting the press from a president’s pulpit you don’t see as impeding the freedom of the press?
You should know. Pretty sure there's no one more corrupt than you.
Neither of you numb nuts knows the meaning of "free."
Dictators always manage to find their critics "corrupt." Need free press now more than ever.
Here, here, sir!!  So RETIRE!
@realDonaldTrump Just like the damage that you did to those women.
That's what they want.
Pot meet kettle
Or should I say fake president!!!!!!
You can't agree with this but not believe in free speech...
let's re -affirm the free press is mainly propaganda machine for the liberal crackpots.
Like the free press that reported your sexual harassments of women in the work place????
Will the Press report on its own corruption? 
As you reference ALL Americans, then you must be condemning #FakeFoxNews #BreitbartFakeNews & @POTUS the TRUE #FatherOfFakeNews
You're a rapist.
Bill please Call Donald Johnny and explain this.
Which is what Fox News, Breibart and infowars are doing. They are the biggest spreaders of false news.
You are right  So happy you have been fired! Mr. corrupt
Is true 100%
Who would know more about corruption than you?
Hey, Bill. Churches and ministers are complaining about Fox and the damage you've done to their Christian mission. We'll get you banned!
And a Corrupt Morally Bankrupt Dishonest President does what?
This one is just. too. ironic.
I stopped watching Inside Edition bc of u a decades ago. U were nothing then & my how u HAVEN'T grown. Now what did u say ur doing now?
Persistent bias, and subtle, serpentine [ yes ] Socialist-Communist enemy whose goal is the same as it was in, say, 1930, regarding the USA.
You should know- FoX is the worst at bias reporting
Billy boy you should know. Just crawl out of the sewer Billy?
@realDonaldTrump yeah I think that about FOX all the time, all it is is bs.
Exactly the issue in the US right now, I wish Dems would see this issue
Sexual predator damages everyone. Fox is propaganda. GO AWAY
Bill O'Reilly you don't fucking believe that! If you were in Trump's shoes you'd be trying to shut down the @nytimes!
MAY GOD MOVE AND TAKE THEM OUT!
It’s way beyond that, they’re the cancer of America
I believe this is real, right?
I thought you'd be in prison by now-still assaulting women? or you taking a little break from all that grabbing and threatening?
#Impotent
Seriously? To those with a brain and a soul remember to vote in 2018! Republicans have got to go!
So you fall under the corrupt with all the BS you and Fox News spews everyday. You are a danger to the Republic!
A demented president will destroy the world.
Good thing for a free press exposing sexual predators though.  Are you free press or fired press?
And a sexual predator should be in jail
Are you still around, Billy? What's Mercer paying you?
xactly.. Just like your former employer
THE PRESS IS FREE TO CRITICIZE ANYONE IT WANTS... THAT'S WHY IT'S FREE!!!!
So quit Bill, and stop corrupting it.
Mr. O'Reilly: You are missed on the air, I will continue to be a fan right until you are convicted on the crimes you are accused of.
Truth seldom is spoken through press , for all media has there hidden agenda , if they speak the whole truth they will loose the sponsor .
Says the star of the most corrupt/biased news org in history.
There's nothing wrong or unconstitutional about mentioning that the press has become extremely #putrid
You Sir was part of that corrupt press.

We miss u Bill! We miss the No Spin Zone - please come back! 1st who cares about personal life, 2nd we hate the Fox lineup except Tucker & H
But merry christmas
Get your serial raping corrupt reporting racist sympathizing ass off Twitter...
So do corrupt politicians, poverty and hunger and poor infrastructure.
You should know. Your as corrupt as they come.
I think it's the other way around? Corrupt Republicans damage a free press! WORD!
Maybe those who lost journalist as profession should redo degree. Emphasis on truth in reporting and ethics,  registered like lawyers.
If they willfully breach it,  individual gets fined,  2nd offence,  reporter and editor half yearly salary,  3rd, station and offenders.
What do horrible creeps who sexually abuse women and have to leave Fox News do to America?

Well it is up to an informed public to make the distinction between fake and real. Not politicians and not opinionators.
As long as the press isnt trying to influence the people in a certain direction. The press should just report the news. FOX and CNN suck
Keep speaking your mind Bill; I am with you.
So does a corrupt president.
You've been a liar for years, FUCK YOU!
Keep it in your pants, Bill.
Your idea of a free press is paying 32 million ro keep yourself out of jail for sex abuse.
Says the rapist
#CaliforniaWildfires
Then you better stay out of  press O'Reilly since you are one of the most corrupt not only in your behaviors but in your sick thinking sad
Amen. Journalism is on its death bed. Thanks for keeping it alive.
Real news died with 24-7 news for money. This includes Fox or as it should be called "All Trump all the Time".
Very well said Bill. You are a warrior for the American people. Run for President?
You oughta know.
A sex abuser damages the world.
That's so true and you can't get more corrupt than FoxNews!
Very true! Now if only YOU & THE PRESIDENT would STOP BEING A PART OF THE CORRUPT PRESS, the people won't have to worry about being LIED to!
Says a sexual harasser who doesn’t want America to know about it. Allegedly
Don't give up the ship William! Just like Sheriff Joe, fight the good fight & come back bigger & better than before. Uncle Donald needs you.
Go back under your rock.
Trump is not attacking the 1st amendment,  he is attacking those who are abusing it, and using it irresponsibly
As does a skewed press with financial gain at stake. Too much concentration of power in ALL the major networks! Fox is not exempt either!
So stop being corrupt.
Yep, that's why he got fired, and Ailes, and others like Bolling, Payne, Horowitz, Rose, Beckel, Hannity, all in the #BoysClub of sleazes
And, hypocritical fools sexually harassing women get fired!

The worse person in the world!
@realDonaldTrump and sexual harassment makes for bad press. Right Bill?
So lets remove FOX

Yeah fake fox news!
...says the man who paid a women $32 million for nothing.
Sexually harassment.
There’s no more free press Obama change that he made sure the Democrats would keep lying about the party N never say were all communist now
And FOX is the most corrupt of them all.....
how's the war on christmas going, boys? happy holidays!
The only ones that are corrupt is Fox News !!!! Staright like that !!!
The fake news organizations should have there media license revoked & they are responsible for civil unrest & the deaths of recent events
Lies that damage reputations & the country should be reigned in. 1st amend/sedition laws are in place for a reason - why so seldom enforced?
A corrupt president ruining America!
Freedom of Press has Responsibility Bigger than the Right of 1st Amendment!
Look who's talking! Fraud! What color was deMoreshalt's front door, you fraud?
You’re a draft dodger and a pervert!!!
Corrupt tv hosts are a bane to our existence.
Free but not fake.  Most are created news.  CNN and NBC create negative issues.  Common bill fight for the true news
Everybody knows with a thinking mind that the mainstream press is  propaganda arm for the Democrats.What's the solutioncant don't do nothing
Picture Sarah having defend this from the Democratic Party propagandist oh media
Look who's defending him, two of a kind.
Which should not need explaining, yet here we are.
And a president doing what he is doing to the media is a dictator
Says the sexual harasser called out by the FREE press!
you mean like Fox News?
Exactly
For those lonesome blues you're composin'.
A compromised seditious press undermines & destabilizes the Republic. 
MSM is not free press. #FakeNewsMSM
A free press does not imply you're free to make stuff up (like you would ASSUME stuff) it comes with a responsibility to report the truth
Thank you for retweeting this, President Trump! I had gotten the impression that you were against free press and free speech.
@realDonaldTrump Don't retweet a proven sexual predator as ppl with remember that you are one also
