such a foolish man
Hi Donald I'm from BuzzFeed News and we were hoping cover your tweet in a story? :) DM me please and we can discuss further

bahahahahahahaha bahahahahahahaha bahahahahahahaha bahahahahahahaha bahahahahahahaha

We Love You!
Refugees were getting into Europe without any vetting whatsoever. It’s a radically different situation in the U.S.  ... 1/
.@realDonaldTrump Ur a great recruiting tool for ISIS & you will put us all in danger. Not a reality show! #StopPresidentBannon
Keep speaking the truth in the language of the people.
you are the best
@ctwilson89 America First !!! Thank You President Trump !!! 
Our president is protecting us. Let him do his job. Thank you president Trump.
Study the world?? What does that even mean?
The world needs to be conditioned with use of PREVENTIVE care. It is the best tool to avoid deadly damage-control
That's definitely truth! An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. Make a plan to win before the battle.
Maybe there are better ways of 'fishing for' terrorists
you are doing exactly what you said you were going to do!! Wow a preident who keeps his word, this is new and refreshing
I am so frightened. Half the country has lost its mind. Cant they see what you are doing is for the good of the country
@brylo103102 SUPPORT OUR POTUS,Y ARE MAKING THE STUPID CRAZY. VERY ENTERTAINING. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK.
that anyone that is Muslim or from a Muslim country is considered a terrorist you and the government are the true terrorist
glad to have a president who looks before he leaps!  You rock!
Well that did not take too long!
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2017-02-03/boston-judge-unblocks-trump-travel-ban-asks-where-does-it-say-muslim-countries …
He unblocked his own stay, not the stay of the Seattle judge.
oooo
It's confusing!
#जे_बात
or we could save tax dollars and play a game from for favorit country Russian roulette
or maybe wet sponge with jumpper cables and a big battery
i found one right here its kinda easy #1terroristrealDonaldTrump
study the world? You don't even read your own executive orders
that was my job and I loved it! To find, know, and never lose the enemy. #armyproud #combatveteran #stopthemathome
Get rid of bannon. He will be ur down fall.  Leaky Admin. You are an EMBARRASSMENT & the rest of the world is laughing at U
you must have missed SNL. OMG the best ever. American people just love them portraying you They nailed you perfectly.  WOW
You study the world & maybe reading the constitution it's a good read. Educate yourself ur bad judgement will be ur end.
you are THE least informed person concerning what happens in the world.  When are YOU going to study???
there is nothing nice about you!Stop trying to feed us your bullshit!We know any move made is only to benefit yourself #nvp
you are great
We tried to help with that, but you wouldn't believe the world was round and threw out the globes we sent. So sad. Loser.
gotta filter out the scum somehow!
@eckeisler61 judge just blocked the Obama written law trump enforced
never liked you during campaign. But You walk the talk and kept your  promise. My humble salute sir.
Yes, push education about everything. Half of the country is shamefully ignorant
noting about you your campaign your family or your "policies" is what I would call "smart" you should be impeached
what about Saudi Arabia and spreading Wahhibism. I know you are aware of what they do. They are the source.
How dangerous was the five year old boy at Logan Airport who was HANDCUFFED and detained for 4 hours??
To understand the world: do not listen to US State Department , as so they have pushed to put Muslim Brotherhood in power.
You know that billions of people do not plan to go to America, right?  Are you going to study them too?  #BillionsWasted
So you want to study the whole world, instead of the already-established vetting process for visitors?
No, you study the world.
Thank You for working to keep us safe from those who want to destroy us from within
why don't you try and study the world. The only terrorist in USA is you. Sorry but not sorry. #nomuslimban
go back to bed
you don't need to search hard!
I think u need to check yourself and do some research when I looked up who was the president I went into automatic tears
I appreciate what you are doing and that you are doing it unapologeticly
you are the radical terrorist. You are going to get us all killed.
#ResignNowTrump #mosthatedmaninamerica
Trump bans people from terrorist hotspots and there's Mass Hysteria? There is something wrong with you people. Get a grip!
Obama did the same as Trump in 2011.
He banned people from Iraq  for 6 months. Where was the mass Hysteria Then?  Pathetic!
I've read bogus charges
of
Keyboard Cowards
here
insulting POTUS Trump
hiding behind their
anti-white agenda
They're RACIST
Dems-Libs are blind to the vetting
techniques like Sharia Islam:
Western Infidel = Hostage for Ransom
Better #WakeUpAmerica
@docmurdock We are behind you!  Screw the liberal circus!
GO DJT!!!!!! Reason I voted for you was you weren't afraid to tackle the big guys
Dry humping Wall Street billionaires isn't tackling the big guys.
@workbench59
seriously, just don't let muslims in - this war has been raging for 1000s of years https://niume.com/post/241921 
Is this only about Christianity vs Muslims or about our safety? o.O
read it and find out
You really have bumped up your hired bot count!
Study the world-this is laughable coming from you
The same can be said about cancer with respect to our bodies. Same danger too.
There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. This was a big part of my campai...
Truth
Your ideology is that of an OLD person. Take your place in a nursing home!
This holds the title of the most ironic tweet ever written
Study the world. How many Americans are killed by fellow Americans by guns every day? Let's fix that first.
I have. It take 14 years of getting to get great.
America is looking at you  to transform the economy
what textbooks would you recommend for World Studies enthusiasts?
#trumpdumptweets Crunching out your insecurity. Please wash hands
There's nothing nice about labelling strangers either. Duck.
Please vet everyone who is not Americans and those Americans that has been out of the country for a while.
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/how-to-prevent-facebook-friends-to-tag.html …
studytheconstitution!
searching for terrorist does not consist of searching their pocessions their psychologically rewritten
wonder if they can kiss my ass as good as they did Islams
mirror not included ..
I have something to say to the Judiciary if I may be so bold Mr. President ....
yes...until the Judiciary kissed their ass and fucked us in ours
keep up the great work Mr President I"m so happy  I can now say my president  God bless  U and your family  Evangelist
Funny thing - most if the 9/11 terrorists came from Saudi Arabia, but that's not on your "banned" list. Why not?
Is THE BOSS!  Awesome!  #MAGA
um what?
People who are Mindlessly criticising Trump hv 2b Brain Dead not 2see d dangers Islam is posing 2 d World leave alone d USA
@wharton #jerk #moron @potus @realDonaldTrump Wharton school of campaigns, Donald? Straight A’s!
your self serving lies & wanton destruction of the USA through division & hate via executive order need to stop.
Yes! Yes! Exactly! Nothing is wrong! it's logic! Common sense! People that criticize are wrong!!!!
@6dLSz9oplnQO8TK wait until we kick you out of our country
and so we shall
my family came  to the USA on a boat legally from Ireland. Fair is fair
Bullshit Bullshit. Which by the way was what you rolled out & presented on your campaign. Prez don't know how to be a Prez.
lie, rationalization, brainwashing, gaslighting, victim vilification, minimization, thought reform #45iknowwhatyouare
What about looking for those that are joining ISIS daily that were born and live here?
Liar.
yes Donald go forth and study the world. It isn't too fond of you right now #fakepresident
Yeah because terrorists are constantly trying to get in. We hear reports about their capture daily! Save us Trump! Save us!
behind you 110 percent.  Wish peons such as I could do more for you.
you study the world
study the world ? You'd should of studied the constitution first !
you are clueless even for a regular citizen let alone POTUS.  I know what you and admin are up to.  Crooks!
you are praying on white middle classes fears of losing their place in the hierarchy. You are encouraging terrorists
we the #biafrans 're solidly behind you..don't let the liberals to weigh you down..keep pushing for right executive orders!
You haven't taken the time to study anything, so you are a very lousy teacher or motivator. blahblahblahblahblah
you couldent even spell world without help and if you did get it wrong it would be "alternative spelling"
what? The FBI kmow who theae vermin are...yet... do nothing til its too late
Maybe you should study the laws and requirements that were already put into place before you took office. You're confused.
You are known for your lack of studying anything! Hence failures like Yemen Raid...BIG FAILURE!
but they're ok if there is a Trump hotel in the country. Then they're SMART.Go ask #PresidentBannon  what your next move is
YOU PROBIBLY DONT KNOW WERE CHINA IS ON OUR MAP
@ArchitectAmulya -"Study the world"? Trump you'd be pressed to even NAME six countries on a map without printed names!
Stick to your word !!! Don't back down !!! Make America Safe again !!!
Well you just made it worst, you must really think things through before you make the moves that your making
That's what we all urge you to do.
You went the wrong way of doing it!!!
the world is studying you, scary
we do. That's how we know you're the dumbest world leader in power today.
Pres.Putin said NO GMO's & fluoride TO make sick people in my country & with sick people I can Not have a strong country!
To Much Fluoride being imported from china and put deliberately in our water system which dumbs down this country & People
you fear the world.
You study the world! You are the least well-read president in my lifetime of 70 years.
which books/periodicals do read to study the world?
I believe in you
@BiffMiller1 Amen
how about you just study?
start with how to construct a sentence and use punctuation properly. I am just proposing some realistic goals.
like you studied for POTUS? 
terrorists don't play by any rules, thanks.
but nessecary
Study the world? You first, Donnie. No, really.
that's why we elected you keep making good decisions for us!
what about the infra-red goggles? They must be nice.
I predicted your victory long back in fb post but was trolled by usa citizens but am happy as I proved them wrong, love u
YOU are telling other people to study?! LOL. What R a full blown JOKE.
#TrumpInHaiku

Go study the world
Just like I'm always doing
Cause only I know
of 7 countries banned not one were involved in 911 or any terrorist attacks. Sad!
You should start by practicing on Where's Wally (sorry Waldo in America?) books and build yourself up from there.
All three of these sentences are ambiguous. I don't know what you are trying to say.
study history. It always repeats itself #hitlerjr
I support you!
Stop tweeting. Start reading. We ask you in the name of the God of many names. PS - Don't read @BreitbartNews, try @CNN
study the world? Just study Donald, study!
"Study the world" Didn't you say before that you only read the things you wrote yourself?
After living in the rest of the world (serving in the military) Including Libya, I can say you are more dangerous.
Explain how current vetting is sub-standard.
'The World'? You mean that big scary space out there? Yes, please do study. You're in dire need of it.
not the ones that you do business in, or with ties to radical Islam. why is that? we need to see your tax returns.
Your actions are going to bring a terrorist attack. The only countries you banned were those that refugees came from. :(
You are fueling the fire of radical Islam by being everything they think we are. You are representing the rest of us.
your attempts at making the US a safe place, are actually making us a target for attack.
oh honey, you first. you are the one mucking things up. You are in WAY over your head. please accept some help.
Christopher Columbus was a bad dude who took the liberty of cutting the heads off of 2 boys on his first day
won t let me post what I really wanted to say to you
One of the reasons why I didn't vote for you.
how are you today. I hope you have a great day. :D
There is nothing nice about you full stop. Or Period as you yankidoodals say
dude you have lost your damn mind. You are in need of some serious help. God help you, OK!
You should be more worried about terrorists already in our country, such as the KKK. Put them back on the watch list!
