#ReplaceGOP You want these creatures in Congress gone? Support #OurVoice so #WeThePeople can #StandUpFightBack!
The repeal & replacement of the ACA as it stands is an act of Terrorism. Period. #Ronan2018 #OurVoice #HealthCare http://ow.ly/kAF530br518 

It is a support structure that allows us to work within or without the parties using OUR resources. Ballot access is rigged like primaries!
So free-speech is something you support unless someone says something you don't like.
Beautiful evening with Religious Leaders here at the WH last night. Join us now for a #NationalDayofPrayer, LIVE:… https...
Why can't we build designated areas for protest. They should not disrupt the lives of others with their protest. No highway should be blockd
Re President
Maybe Play the same tactics on obama clinton Dems
THEY USE
'LEAK' obama docs that SHOW he was born in Kenya and is Inodnesian
Religion is man's worth enemy most wars have been fought because of religion, hope you will remind your religious leaders about this!
That's awesome
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof;  The First Amendment.
I respected
ISLAM
CHRISTIONS
SCOLERS
BUDDISTS
SIKHISMS
JEWS
ZAOINISM
HINDUISM
JAINISM
I would pray that we have a new president in 2020 and that you don't get us all killed before then
OMW 
Are they going to do an exorcism
Pray for Trump to release his tax returns.
Pray that he doesn't, so that the conspiracy theorists have something to live for. 
Bless the Lord our President, safe Him and anoint with wisdom, keep from enemies- abominators.
I like my politics and religion separate, thanks! I know it's a wild concept but you should try it sometime!
Trump is pushing the AHCA now to take the focus off of Jared Kushner. Purposely omitting Russian ties on his clearance app is a felony.
You have to do that everyday you know not just 1 day a year
Evangelical is the hidden term for racist and bigots hiding behind a cross!
Hypocrites. Jesus would never do 90% of the crap you're trying to pull. Heal the sick. Feed the poor. Welcome the stranger. Yeah right.
Mr. President u r doing such a wonderful job and I thank God for u. I love your graciousness when u welcome the visitors to the whitehouse.

Seriously you and religion do not even belong in the same sentence.
You are a disgusting representation of the summary of all of America's failings, and your election as President is a national embarrassment.
Now I guess you will use the cost of the WH to host this religion event as a tax write off.
You are not even religious but you are a liar and a crook.

Rights for everyone but people of faith, Democrats #smh
I find it hard to believe your religious, someone that would grab em by pussy!  I would say is not religious! Racist absolutely!
Another loss in the courts. Sad.
Should they still get this break when they hide sexual abuse of minors by their priests?  #nationaldayofprayer2017 #trumptweet
Fascist.
You don't have religious one in body! YOU Worship YOU! Hypocrite!
If you are going to allow churches to lobby for politicians, they should pay taxes too
A big AMEN on that one! 
Fuck you.
Real classy to tweet that to someone acknowledging the #NationalDayOfPrayer.
Trump is an atheist, dummy.
Atheists don't go on national tv & thank the xtian god.
Atheists believe in equality for everyone.
He's not an atheist
#RelgiousFreedomMyAss
But... The Republican's are soooo religious!


Its just a shame none of them or you believe in or our infact from god, you only use the lord to get votes, SAD!.. and #pathetic
You better actually better start praying their is no GOD mr trump, because the day of your judgement will not be pretty.


Raping little teenage 13 and 12 year old girls is not very godly, so i'd probably stop tweeting crap like that. talk about blasphemy
#NotFromGod
LOL!!
The courts will smack down this discrimination bill & humiliate you yet again. Watch.
Dick LeGate???such a William!!!
People are now using the phrase when speaking to losers who go overboard,  'Don't be such a LeGate' 
Wannabe
Sweetie are you going to make life very difficult for Americans who aren't the same religion as you?
Yes he is - because they are yucky. Everyone is saying so...Andrew Jackson and all of his dead imaginary friends.
Andrew Jackson died in the Bowling Green Massacre.
Shhhh...Donald Trump doesn't know yet. He might bomb something if he finds out.
I've just seen Andrew Jackson out shopping with Frederick Douglas and Elvis.
OMG you are so lucky did you get an autograph or take any selfies with them?!
LMAO! 
Is this new health care bill any good for the country?
Reminder: The only people who profit from this Trumpcare 3.0 are the uber, uber rich with their massive tax cuts
Of course, this is the single payer health care system y'all have been "so looking forward to" 
#NoSinglePayer
Ask folks in Canada, New Zealand, UK, France, Germany etc. if they would trade socialized health care for the American system. #crickets
Excellent point.
Mr President you are the best President that America as ever had in these hard times and you have the right ideas

God gave the guidance!

Best President ever.
who are You trying kid, the soon You Will Be gone by the back door the better we Will be
#Trump
Worthy of retweeting as Our Prez is in a country where people are killed for praying Our Father Jesus' prayer
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
I don't see any prayer rugs
Awesome
Why don't you do what you promised.
"Make America Great Again".
RESIGN!
Thank you and may God bless you, for all you do, your in my prayers. Huggs
There's no evidence of a God, a devil (but you come close), a heaven or hell, a soul, or an afterlife. So cut the shit. #nationaldayofprayer
#Trump's "Religious Liberty" order is a euphemism aimed at legalizing discrimination against #LGBTQ & other groups http://www.politico.com/story/2017/05/02/donald-trump-religious-liberty-executive-order-237888 ….
Only if you assume that Muslims can now throw gay people off of buildings.
Which you'd never say though.
Because Muslims are special, right?
What else can I say....but I Love my President!!!!
Can you say "Stupid"
Praying that your @GOP henchmen fail to strip health insurance from millions of Americans. #nationaldayofprayer
Praying that you stop trying to spread propaganda via Twitter and start working for all Americans. #nationaldayofprayer
AMEN BRO! We Need a Leader NOT a Silly Tweeter!
Thank you for standing for religious liberty!
True Americans KNOW DIFFERENCE between a THEOCRACY and a DEMOCRACY! U will NEVER create a THEOCRACY here - unless U BURN the CONSTITUTION!
I'll bet you've never prayed a day in your miserable life.
Separation of church and state?
Audhu billahi min ashshayta nirrajeem
Figures, allow the Repubtards in and here comes the "born-again zealots" on the coattails of a Republican held Congress and presidency.. .
#Kumbaya
You are so full of it .lol . your really sick
Did you grab anybody by the "P?"
Great Photo-Op @POTUS ...other than a limited amount of your supporters believe that this EO meant anything at all .. #TrumpRussia
"Promoting free speech"WHAT A DISGUSTING LIE. U support fake news& call real news fake.Gag orders on EPA,Dept of Ag,demonizing protestors.FU
You need prayer.
We're all praying you don't destroy our country. 
God Bless You, President Trump
#Fake45 Your presence smacks of your constant hypocrisy. There is nothing Christian about a vindictive venal vulgarian like you #russiagate
Did you confess your sins?  Or do you think you can pay God money and make everything ok. People with money can be stupid and President.
Will this allow FGM?  It is a religious practice.  How about Poligamy?  (#littleboydonnie didn't need to get divorced after all)
Satanism is a religion... great job!
You might not want to try real prayer. I'm pretty sure you'll burst into flame. #worstprez
Are The Two Corinthians there? Are they snickering behind your back or openly laughing at you like the kids at Liberty?
In accordance with the newly signed executive order I am respectfully refusing to pay federal income taxes on religious grounds.
I pray you leave @WhiteHouse
Your heath plan certainly isn't Christian. You're more like this anti Christ. Big phoney!
Religion is not the same thing as being Godly.  ANYONE can say they're religious.  But to be Godly you actually have to act that way.
If religion is involved in politics then it should no longer be tax exempt!
What the H do you know about free speech? You assault journalists and press charges against photographers. Liar.
Praying for all the citizens that will die from passing #ACHA?
You do realize your EO opens the door to Hindus, Buhddist, & Moslems et., el., to uses funds to oppose you don't you? Probably not.
WHY weren't you and pence in the Rose Garden DURING the prayers?  You PHONEY!!!  You're pathetic!!
I'm praying you quit.
All..keep in mind, this will apply to all religions...Christians, Jews, Muslems, Hindus, etc...if they don't want to serve, they won't.
We've seen this before...
God's children needs to be on the mainline not the sideline! 
That made my day, seeing that you had to sit there and listen to that crap, while you're wishing for golf and @FOXTV in your bathrobe.

Religion has no place in Government. I am a Realist. Religions r cults. Realist r Americans also & shldn't b disrespected!
Where are the Satanist celebrations? You know you have to have them, too, right? You cannot promote Christianity over any OTHER RELIGION.
All of them are corrupt pastors to the empire.
Fuck Religion... All religion does is give meaning to the lives of those with lower intelligence.
Pray for what.  U taking away people health care so people can die !
Nice singing, but it's not like U led the crowd afterward w"What I'd Say" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mEH9kVbNX3A … Hey-ay-ay (Hey-ay-ay) 10 pts for Obama
National day of prayer! ha!! you just signed death warrants for people
You know what you can do with your day of prayer...
You just signed an executive order allowing organizations representing the Muslim faith to influence American politics. Did your realize?
Religious leaders? Did you convert to Islam?
@realDonaldTrump @potus #whitehoue #ovaloffice crawling w/ vermin poisonous #TRAITORS #altrighttrolls #fakejournalism #RESIST @dnc #hrc #rt
It's a national day of preyer. You prey on the less fortunate.
Do not have a clue how to stop- but Sharia Law is not a religion and it is embedded in Muslim religion- IT MUST NOT STAY IN AMERICA.
You are the worst example of a Christian mi have ever seen - read your bible and become a better person
PROBE WH-FLYNN COVERUP! PROBE WH-FLYNN COVERUP! PROBE WH-FLYNN COVERUP! PROBE WH-FLYNN COVERUP! PROBE WH-FLYNN COVERUP! PROBE WH-FLYNN NOW!!
God bless you! MAGA!
No, I chose to pray for the millions of AMERICANS ,INCLUDING BABIES, AND VETS AND DISABLED who stand to lose healthcare because of GREED!!!
I can't wait until Muslim organizations start endorsing candidates. Pass the popcorn.
So happy that now you are allowing people to stand behind their religion to discriminate. Beautiful? No just sad and demonic
Congratulation of SHARIA LAW. That is what you have done. Totally against the constitution, the courts may block that.
You haven't prayed a day in your life.
I hope you find God in your life perhaps that will help you along this presidential journey.  You're clearly struggling
What's more #Christ like than to make a big deal of your public #Prayer in the morning & in the afternoon take away #HC & $1T from #Medicaid
, we are all praying that you resign !
Liar, liar! You are not a Christian! You have never in your life acted in a Christlike manner. You are a pathetic excuse for a man. Shame
You are a hypocrite! Mr. Playboy Mansion!
Did you celebrate at your church - Church of the Holy Bankroll?
Creepy.
Doing this in the hopes they will back you healthcare bill?
Who do pray to? Yourself?
NO TAXES, NO TRUST. GET RID OF DONALD TRUMP #ImpeachAndReplace
You just flung the door wide open for proponents of sharia law w/ your little religious freedom bill, scrotum for brains.
Hallelujah!!!
ACLU says no change just a photo op
Too bad he didn't believe in prayer when he was having sex with other women while married to wife # 1 and wife # 2.  ADULTERY

I think I will. I'm not much for prayer but worth a shot, "lord please impeach"
Did you guys talk about healthcare? What would Jesus do with the sick? That kinda thing? @JordanUhl
You're going straight to hell jyst like my mama said, you're going syraight to hell.
#illegal
With any luck they attempted an exorcism of @realDonaldTrump who by all appearances may in fact be the anti-Christ who duped them
God knows Amurica you need help fo shore ya-all
You are proof positive that there is no god.
It's true that Lord Dollar gives Donnie everything he needs
WTF! are you thinking? #KeepReligionOutOfGovernment -now #Muslims can preach politics from their pulpits too....
Hi there. Please try to understand. It's you're.
very unchristian to deny Millions of Americans healthcare
Separation of church n state was not to keep church(people silent) out of gov't ! Was to protect churches from gov't dictating to churches!
the rich will have just as hard of a time getting through the gates of heaven as a camel would going through the eye of a needle
They need solid relationships from a mum  & dad, boys need older solid relationships with older males, childrens needs should be first.
Try reading the constitution and the amendments.  You will find ... surprise ... Separation of Church and State.
I only pray for and against field goal kickers. #Hawkeyes
I wonder how many Muslims, Jews, Buddhists, Hindus, Pagans etc are there with you? You promote only your own version of free speech.
How can you stomach those phonies, oh yeah, never mind.
Religious liberty my butt. Not everyone is Christian. I'm not.
Trump and Religion - Two Corinthian?  He said it not me.
They all belong in hell with you!
Government and religion should never share a bed
Yes, because you clearly care about any non-Christians' faith. You're just giving people an excuse to discriminate based on religion
