The real story that Congress, the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information. Must find leaker now!
I believe not all the leaks are from people they're because your phones and offices are bugged, Mr President
.@realDonaldTrump
#TrumpRussia
Trump is scared to death of what Comey might say
Q: Why?
A: He knows he was recorded colluding with Russia
Wouldn't surprise me if that is why Numes ran to Trump with those new recordings that there was a FISA for :)
So His Orangeness is referring to himself in the third person now?
like we believe anything you tweet or say.
If everyone knows it, why all the fuss and investigation
We, your supporters and most of them that don,t support you already knew it was fake news and a setup.
#FakePresident
Yes you did!
FAKE PRESIDENT! #TREASON #RUSSIA #IMPEACH Benedict Donald.
Comey is a LIAR and needs to be FIRED! He has POLITICIZED the DOJ to a point of NO RETURN. He must go and go NOW!
you are right!the dem insurgents believe their own lies!  hitlerish isn't it? "Tell a lie often enough people will believe
More BS from the Con-Man-In-Chief. #resist
you're fake dude
has an unchecked authority to launch nukes. That scare you? Watch here to learn how to take action:
impeach this trash so called leader #NOTMINE
No evidence that Obama wiretapped. You are fake news incarnate.
Lololololol the language of fear
WRONG!!! Clapper so no evidence YET(!), i.e., up until he left, but investigation continuing.
I don't know it
That's right, no evidence of POTUS colluding-You weren't POTUS when you colluded.
You could have ended this if there was nothing to find. You are a mess and not fit to be in OUR WHITE HOUSE
nope not what they said, liar
ongoing investigation. Not done with it.Soon all dots will connect.
my money is on lynch she probably leaked it to bill Clinton who in turn gave story to Washington post ..Lynch is a snake
Hell yea. M. J. K.
ahem. COMEY NEVER BRIEFED CLAPPER.. next lie? @FoxNews @RobbyMook @funder @seanspicer
NOT fake news and 'everyone knows it'!!
did you read what you typed?
They need to Drop this Russia issue to keep Hillary out of the news.  They need to let Vladimir Putin & Trump work on ISIS
you may want to start packing now... impeachment! Bye Felisha.
ask Monika Lewinski and Linda Tripp and Jen Flowers, Bill Clintons more of a threat to our freedom, then Russia.
The walls are closing in traitor.
sounds like someone is getting a little nervous ;)
Ahh, those awful leakers! Has it ever occurred to you that there are those in your own inner circle who just don't like u?
No one believes a word you say.
so I guess her giving them the button okay, and obama saying he would have more flexibility if he won the election!
You protest too much.
Hahahahaha!  You are such a fool!

it's not fake news! It's an investigation!
can't edit until your locked up.
Then why is the FBI investigating? You are going down!!!!!
the only thing FAKE here is the likes you get from bots.
welcome an investigation then to clear the air...
release ALL your taxes

You get me like nobody else. My treason was the original #fakenews.  PS, GW wasn't even born in this country! Let's see his birth cert.
Please meet Putin and bring them into the fold. Russians are wonderful people. Christians and anti Communist. Only the atheist Communists want to fight with Russia.
James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia. This story is FAKE NEWS and everyo...
Moron Freeman, a dried up actor, you could not write the script, LOL.
Then explain why you are so fearful of investigation?
U need to read this (& no excuses b/c now u know):
EXCLUSIVE: Six U.S Agencies Conspired to Illegally Wiretap Trump; British Intel Used as NSA Front to Spy on Campaign http://truepundit.com/exclusive-six-u-s-agencies-conspired-to-illegally-wiretap-trump-british-intel-used-as-front-to-spy-on-campaign-for-nsa/ …
I know I understand you!
This whole situation is fubar. From the outside it seems like a bad joke. That’s why we elected you @potus #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA
Did you open your mouth, must be #fakeanswer
Please don't allow the time Statute to run out on this one....REMEMBER EQUAL JUSTICE, Brennan already got away with one lie to Congress!
one more day closer to jail! How are ya feeling? Need some Xanax?
Yes, an onslaught of tweets saying NOT GUILTY just scream guilty. President gas light.
well then fire all FBI, doj everyone who said you lied ya nut case
I have a theory that Trump has been waiting on Comey to lie to congress, then fire his ass.
perhaps, loco potus will be very irritated tonight, can't wait for his unhinged tweets
I can't wait for the truth to come out. Comey is out of control. Ask Hillary.
look if me and you are going to continue communication you can't keep living in history that's not how I roll
trump is potus I deal w/ today and future
I live in in present also but I don't ignore the past even if it's against my argument.
I don't get w/ your intellect you didn't hear the truth before you today? I'm very disappointed
keep telling your fake facts. Nobody believes u... countdown to impeachment#Trumpisachump
Release your taxes!
I could stand in the middle of 5th Avenue and shoot Mike Flynn and not lose voters.
No he didn't.
No, it's not fake news your a FAKE PRESIDENT #TrumpImpeachmentParty #Trumprussia
It's okay, Donald. Don't worry, we are going to let you resign in dignity.
Karma's knocking at your door. Time's up. Save the embarrassment, resign
What a difference ten days make #presidentgrabapussy
Not everyone "knows" it's fake; only those you pay to agree w you, KNOW
If you steal something that wasn't yours, don't expect it to work for you. #Karma #Putinspuppet #LyingTrump #Traitor
.@realDonaldTrump then you will be calling for an independent investigation by a special prosecutor first thing this morning? #Trumprussia
Replace RINO #Ryan !!! @5228027s
So then u did? Cause they said there's no evidence and u called them fake news.
Uh, no.

Nicely worded!
real story is when you phone Russia intel they are doing the wire tapping,CIA apparently has tapes fm 2 yrs ago got fm a russian defector
You must be super nervous right about now.
Hahaha, scared now, President Lashout? Yelling that everything is fake, like a child having a tantrum.  #flailsashedrowns #russiagate
Yr ppl colluded w Russia, u knew abt it & directed it. But hey, @USAGSessions sez collusion not illegal so no problem, right? #ImpeachTrump
There is A LOT OF EVIDENCE and it will bring your presidency to it's end.  You are a crook!
Innocent? Okay, then waste no more time. Don't protest on social media, provide answers to allegations in an open legal forum, to end this.
I would never have believed such a monster as you could have thrived in our beautiful country breaks my heart
Your going down dude. #YourImpeachmentIsComing 
NUTZ!
Don't leave the country. 
You can feel it coming, can't you.
I agree Pres. Trump, just did a search on Sen Nunes and got 3 correct hits one being Fox News and the rest about UFC Nunes?
Sorry Pres. Trump meant Rep. Nunes
Are you wondering what you will look like in a bright orange jump suit? Are you ready to #resign yet?
So why are you referring to yourself in the third person? Do you even know what that is? And FYI, everyone knows this ISN'T #fakenews.
If you can spend $3million TAXPAYER $$$ to play golf, you can pay for an independent investigation into Russian scandal!!
Then why is General Flynn asking for immunity?
Here's what "everyone" knows we know you're a #RussianAsset & that you even suck at that! #Resign #ImpeachAndImprisonTrumpNOW
Cocaine psychosis, its real you are the only one denying it. TOXIC! Swamp seeks its own level.
everyone? That's a generalization.
Fake news doesn't equate to YOUR cabinet pick asking for immunity to testify against you!  He must have the goods on you!  Can't wait!
OOPS! Are have to should've been paying attention to What they actually said– Not what Fox said later>?
"Everyone"

The only thing fake is your orange spray on tan you orangutan! #TheResistance
Germany  here: the only "fake" about this news is your response to it. EVERYONE knows that much even over here in Germany...
Maybe we need to ask our head of state Angela Merkel to call you AGAIN and explain everything to you so you can understand it? 
Except for you, me, and two-thirds of the US population.
why are you referring to yourself in the third person?
and you are a #fake #president and everyone knows it.
No, only the die-hards and FAUX NEWS believe that.
.. #RyanCare is FAKE NEWS.. and the GOPe Reince, Ryan, McCarthy are giving you FAKE NEWS about the @freedomcaucus < won't cave to a bad bill
@realDonaldTrump DrumpFucked, FBI does'nt investigate HOAXES! Witness' do NOT claim immunity if they're innocent! LOCK YOU UP! LOCK YOU UP!
If u knew nothing, U still misled the ppl who TRUSTED U MOST!  U didn't ? the sources.  U didn't vet ppl close to u!  U filled the swamp!
apparently everyone DOESN'T know it!!
Not everyone.. not those who pay attention.
You're too funny POTUS! Great sense of humor you have!
if you aren't taking responsibility for ur actions, calling something #fakenews isn't going to make it less true. U suck.
Now you are referring to yourself in the third person? It's actually spelled #POTUS It's called an acronym.
He says Potus in third party. He knows he's going down.
It's fake news that there is no evidence that you (POTUS) colluded with Russia?
Interesting........ Jesus, you're stupid.
@realDonaldTrump LIKES TO WRITE IN CAPS. In a bizarre twist, this 70+ year old man talking to your child online is actually a girl of 12.
You can try to whitewash it, but he who protests the loudest...  Well you know how it goes, or maybe you are truly ignorant
It's fake news that there is no evidence....?
All roads lead back to YOU. "Only I can fix it " Remember?
Saying they had not completed their investigation yet is not the equivalent of saying there is no evidence of treason.
. BTW, it's POTUS, but deep down you know you're not worth the caps.
There's nothing you can say and nothing you can do to hide what you've done
Get current! Clapper has nothing to do with the Current investigation "fake news" is strait out of Russian playbook!
Why does Flynn want immunity then?
Then why is the FBI and CIA INVESTIGATING YOU? @realDonaldTrump
Why did the FBI investigate Hillary?
All i had to see was the Confederate flag to know all I needed to know about you.
They don't watch the news or read it so there going to stick to there story for ever to protect there party from fizzling out
Funny, a lot of people are saying you're guilty as hell. A very reliable source told me you were actually born in Moscow. Bad (sick) Comrade
Put your shoes on Donny boy, you're going away for a long time. 

Say, how'd that whole President thing work out?
@KatherineVgt what is FAKE the story of no evidence or the story of collusion?
Is #Potus and #DTJ two different people?Or you just a nutbag?

LOL. Sad!
 #everyoneknowsit? Tweet like an adult, the least you can do.
Flynn doesn't think it's fake.
Aw, memories.  Fun re-reading your asinine LIES about your Administration's complicity in #TrumpRussiaCollusion.  Melanie made her deal yet?
Love the use of 3rd person potus.  Get used to it...  #TREASON #TrumpRussiaCollusion
@PeterFHyatt Statement analysis.. use of third person is distancing language.
IF you're innocent, get an independent investigation into you colluding with Russia. Prove how wrong everyone is about you.
Yes it is #FakeNews!! Hard to believe American Media has become #Tabloid BUT ITS TRUE!! #SocialistWontQuit
This is not a nothing burger everyone on this campaign had meetings with Russia , why ??????
It's actually a pretty real story and everything you say makes you look even more guilty. Can't wait to find out more.
don't include me sir. You are the fake one!
That fact you come to conclusion about it raises concerns .. let the process determine the truth .. yes truth is still a word
Show us that's so. Start with your tax returns.
America 's next job is to get rid of all remaining communists left in Congress that are making it impossible to govern.
Everyone would be more likely to "know" it if you #ReleaseYourTaxes, like a proper #POTUS; til then, collusion seems likely
Drip Drip

#Notmypresident
#NichtMeinFuhrer
#неMойПрезидент
#tRumpTreason
James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia. This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it!
You are going to prison. Resign Benedict Arnold. Shame Shame. America is stronger than you.
Liar. Loser. Pee puppet.
Is that why Mike Flynn wants immunity?  Because it's all fake?  Good luck!  You will need it.
Oh Donnie.
You're under FBI investigation along with staff/former staff. You said we can't have a POTUS under investigation. Y'all should just resign.
Are you beginning to hear the Chants Donny LOCK HIM UP LOCK HIM UP LOCK HIM UP And Mike Pence ain't gonna Pardon You  
Trump Name = PARIAHS
Your approval rating @ 37% what does it tell you Donnie? American people do not believe in you
Oh really? FAKE NEWS? Guess who just Flyped on you? You're going down Donny. #trumprussia
@rwhitmmx There is nothing hidden that will not be revealed. Luke 8:17, John 18:20
Dream on....hope you've got a good supply of toilet roll....
Oh Donny, you are so funny!  You are going down because you are an evil man!
PACK YOUR BAGS.  YOUR GONE.  AND TAKE YOUR FAMILY WITH YOU
Come on now.  James Clapper submitted his resignation in Nov and retired in Jan; he said there was no evidence he was aware of at that time.
The investigation was ongoing.  These things take time.
I think your words are fake news, you think so much of yourself how is it real, show me the proof donny!
we think that you are narcissistically telling us another childish story Trump! Fess up !
Fake people like Trumpty Dumpty will take a fall when the truth comes out. Democracy wins over tyranny.
You are fake #truth
grow up and take defeat. Do better next time and stop blaming people.
He should be impeached! Trump is reckless, unintelligent, greedy, a horrible speaker, and cannot lead our Country honorably. Lets ditch him!
Every time you say "fake news" it turns out to be quite real.
Out of the nearly 26k responses, I'll go count how many people think it's fake news #ComeToJesus #TrumpRussia
Well let's get the facts and see. They will get your tax returns now!
Is it FAKE NEWS that you met with the Prime Minister of Denmark?  You gonna give reparations to the Virgin Islands people?  Talk about that!
Transparency goes a long way. If nothing there, why are you & @HouseGOP working so hard to keep secrets buried.
FAKE PRESIDENT
really, Compatriot trump I'm lifelong NYer we know you've been a sleaze ball that has laundered money for Russian 4decades
This is fake news with no credible sources or evidence
And YOU took their bait! Sad. Joke's on you this time.  And you thought #healthcare was complicated...#intelligence
Then why are you so bothered by it?  Oh right because you'll be found out to be a liar and a thief
Pls do us a favor & stop referring to yourself in the third person. If you don't understand what that means, have @KellyannePolls explain it
You know how bad it's going to be.
Donnie:
UR LYING
UR WRONG
U BRING SHAME 
TO THE U.S.A.
UR SAD! 
How many bots can a Trump collect?
Sigh.   Mental illness can tear a country apart
