@TheMeemStreams Well played Chief. Try the peaceful way first.
LOL Blackmail is "peaceful"?
It's called negotiating for peace. It's a man's game, it's why Obama failed and left it for adults.
Hahaha. If you say so.
150,000 Chinese troops on NK border to not let in refugees, CHINA threatened NK @ sent back coal!
And going to use our coal.....Bammm! Man's game. Obama was a fraud...
They said "Sure we'll get right on that", right? They don't need us. Since you won't be taxing @IvankaTrump products, know you're full of it
Right on
Where is the evidence that Assad is responsible for the gas attack? #showevidence #stopthewarinsyria
There is no evidence. Trump wanted to strike at someone, anyone. Syria was convenient, he warned them ahead of time so Russia could get out
It's time to fire Spicer for his insensitive remarks regarding chemical warfare using Hitler's attack of the Jewish people reference
Yes, that went over well. There was a collective GASP! heard world wide.
.
That's one way to do it,but it should be as close to a fair trade as possible ,don't just give them the whole basket.
He'll give them anything they want, as long as the family products get preferential mfg terms, and he gets more Trump trademarks.
I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U.S. will be far better for them if they solve the Nort...
Also known as BLACKMAIL
#DontheCon
macuda
Trump has thinner skin than Trojan Bareskin Condoms.... And that's thin. Ask my 3 month old... #TrumpleThinSkin
Can someone as #Trump how he keeps that orange complexion with  skin that thin? #TrumpleThinSkin
With how many foot-in-mouth moments Trump's had, I hope his feet are as small as his hands #SmallHandsBigglyStupid
Trump has left it up to the press to decide where his salary will go. I vote for Planned Parenthood! Retweet!!
Great job so far! Many many of these dictators n killers r wonder when might it be their turn.
Chemicals used by jihadist
#Idlib #Syria
NUKE NK
Good! I support you! The dictator of North.K should be eliminated.
#Pathetic #DontheCon. You've made the U.S. the laughingstock of the world. #Putin must be so proud.

Resign

#trumprussia
#russiagate 
#Ω
No war
Sir for you
Peace & Love most of all patience.. JS
 great already better then Obama
Kick their ass bro
And he believed you? Calling it, Trump troll of the year 2017
Stand with our president @realDonaldTrump #PrayForTrump #GodBlessAmerica
I am sure you did. After all, we don't have nearly enough cheaply made ties and handbags yet!
Americansplaining at its finest.
Obviously,  threats and intimidation has worked for you in your business world, but that is not how the pres deals with worldly issues.
Was this before or after that delicious chocolate cake?  Was this before or after he had 2 explain history of  nation's 2u
That seems fair. "You demilitarise and disarm a narcissistic maniac, in return for which you can keep making Ivanka's handbags".
It's kind of weird to expect China to get rid of Donald
Ha!
#NorthKorea  #resist
You gotta go back.
Thank you for fighting for US.
So, if they get NK in line, you will let them produce more of your ties and more of Ivanka's shoes and skirts?
I thought you send the Navy over to "solve the North Korean problem".
#TuesdayThoughts
Ugh...why is the impeachment taking so long?
#TuesdayThoughts
#TrumpRussia
Can anyone come up with one thing Trump has done right these first 80 days in office? 

One thing that hasn't failed bigly.
#TuesdayThoughts
Trump voters are like Trump - they are unwilling to admit they made a mistake even when the evidence is overwhelming
Yes if putting your country under the influence of Russia & hurting our democracy is worth upsetting libs- great job dumbass. 
#TrumpUSA
Good negotiations! Keep up the great work!
.@realDonaldTrump Your first 100 days are almost up! Anything to add besides disabling a Syrian airfield for 12 hrs & a speech to Congress?
The list of failures is pretty fucking long and it doesn't seem like you're getting the hang of it, despite backing off Twitter a lil bit.
You're offended by words? This should be REALLY offensive then:
Yea no one cares.
That's why he was elected right?
Yeah, just let we rob NK, it's way better than buying cheap resource from them.
We will also put some military base "missile defense system" to "protect" them from "China regime aggression" while we are at it too, right?
""APOCALPYSE NOW.""
Lies...it's all lies!!!
subtle blackmail.....  way to go #trumptrain derailing... fast.....
What say you about yesterday's shooting ?
Life would be far better if #Trump was removed from office as soon as possible. Let's make it happen at all costs.
Both impeachment and article 25 take long damn time. Any fair, bloodless option that we have?
Like giving him to NK? Is that allowed?

Lol so Trump is supposed to be a prisoner in the white house and not aloud to play sports
Genuinely cannot believe you RTd a Fox News story about how Syrians love you. It's one of the most unpresidential things I've ever seen.
It's the most insensitive, narcissistic, self-indulgent nonsense imaginable. You're not fit to be president. Never have been.
Liberal POS
Make up your mind. Do you want China to solve the problem or China to help you solve the problem? You've said both this morning.
So glad we have u to point all this important stuff out to us peasants who voted for the Man
It's good to be appreciated.
Maybe you should learn your history...
2nd quote is unproven. LBJ was basically a POS. Wanna go with quotes from Repub presidents against POC's ?
is every Repub racist. No. But the party seems to attract KKK, Neo-Nazis etc.
You can criticize Obama. But usually the "criticism" is between statements like this.
Interesting because Chinese Press called you “desperate”. But hey ho. You keep waving at the trees.
Trump is desperate. He has completely flip-flopped on his long stated opposition to foreign interventions. It indicates his position is weak
N. Korea is EVERYONE'S problem. As is chemical weapons.
Your President is a liability to world safety. The end.
& if Trudeau follows Trump into war, based on lies & false pretences, I will be EXTREMELY displeased. There would be protests in the streets
Russia,Iran,and TerroristGroups including Hezbollah issued warning statement to #USA
They are the ones who need to be warned. Don't mess with the United States of America!
#Trump gonna teach them a lesson
Its true
Trump’s strike and the demise of a hesitant Obama policy

@TurkiAldakhil
The greatest speech in history: We Will Beat You Harder Than You Have Ever Been Beaten Before..
Oooh China, Russia, Iran! What are you gonna do nuke them? I forgot they've got nukes too. US like all true cowards picks on the weakest.
Your arrogance & ignorance ensures that u will fail w/ this strategy. U, no one else, will fail b/c u don't understand foreign affairs.
you were quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
你这样说是什么意思啊？川普
Extortion, much?
There is no North Korea problem - only an American problem. Go home. Stay home. Leave everyone else ALONE.
Why don't you try to solve problems at home, like the epidemics of domestic violence and guns that led to what happened in San Bernardino.
Cuz he's beaten and raped women. So that's really counter productive to his agenda.
Soooo... are you telling this country that your negotiating tactics are basically that of a pimp? have you told @VP Pence yet? #Pathetic
The President of China doesn't need you to explain things to him. He's the one who is actually qualified to lead a superpower.
Please don't treat the bigliest country on Earth like a misbehaving toddler. Talking tough is one thing but patronizing is rather another.
This shit is getting far too real for comfort. Someone please stop this fool from causing so much trouble!
If I could, I would. We may have to have a few bigly anti-war protests like back in Vietnam days. Stay tuned! Ha ha! Help!?!
I can imagine protests would be organised in London too, we don't want to get dragged into any war Trump fancies starting.
All of this is so idiotic. Make America, England, France and Germany great again by dragging us, kicking and screaming, back to 1959? Ugh!
It's a sad state of affairs when world leaders are taunting people on twitter.
Wow, I really have to read Art of the Deal now.  These techniques are amazing.  Maybe you can use eminent domain to annex Taiwan next.
PARKLIFE!
The mystery is, who is mixing what this man is drinking??
You can add blackmail to your CV now Trump!
川普先生，你让全世界期待民主的公民失望了
if U just stopped Ur daughter from sending the commies millions and millions to build her junk.   your whole family seems to be trairtors
Really? You explained it to the president of China ... that he should take care of the North Korea problem? He had no idea?
Were the Chinese convinced?
Just joking.
. Sure..who wants to do business on a scorched continent?
Anyone who needs anything explained to them by DT is a lost cause.
Can i have a wall
Make it a package deal. Deal with Iran, as well
Especially since Ivanka's clothing line is Made In China. Way better for China!
Too funny!  Did he get the joke?
Ivanka Trump is the problem....stop the aggression. Try talking instead of risking NUCLEAR WAR. Stop listening to Ivanka. Don't launch!
President Trump got his finger near buttons that could wipe any country off the map https://www.facebook.com/recolovronandez 
You explained something?
How much money do we owe China?
Just over 1 trillion dollars
: that sounds like piss poor diplomacy
Did you  ask about selling them coal?
The terrorists are make from United States。
I BET YOU TOLD HIM GOOD HUH? DID YOU TELL HIM CHINA COULDNT GO WRONG BY TRADING THE IVANKA LINE OF MERCHNDISE BECAUSE THEY ALREADY MAKE IT?
...and?
Is this after someone had explained it to you using a coloring book and hand puppets?
Chinese president not happy with your missile attack of Iranand wasn't impressed with your chocolate cake! 
I like it, i like it...
Does he think before he says anything
China was talking smack about hanging out with our mouthbreather, they were not impressed.
Who explained it to you?
China never care about it. They are still communism country,
Trump don't let anyone push him around. Real President
if the US can't stop illegal #IsraeliSettlements how can you expect #China to solve #NorthKorea  ??
So, @POTUS, u wd TRADE Amrn JOBS 4 Chinese help in solvg N Korean problm4u, huh? "GREAT" NEGOTIATOR?--DOH! @AP @CNN @NBCNews @msnbc #MAGA
and I'm sure he smiled, told you what you needed to hear, were smart enough to understand, and went home to discuss how you're a LOSER!
I love how you find the WIN-WIN.  Blessings to you and yours, Sir!
NO OTHER  PRES. HVE AGGRAVATED N. KOREA PROBLEMS. UR NOSEY AND U SHD MIND UR OWN BUSINESS.  SHD BE TALKING  PEACE ,NOT  WAR
"Ham-handed" would be a good way to describe your approach to both diplomacy and economic negotiation.
so you want China to fight North Korea huh?
Instead of tweeting everything you do as president on twitter like a little girl make some changes for the good and stop endangering the US
How much better do they need? They're already dominating our markets. You complain about our $60b deficit with Mx and with China it's >$300b
Wow. I stand in awe of your intellect.
You will have him thinking you mean it. Donny dump has not got the intellect to understand irony.
Sure! I agree. If they nuke the US, that would not be good for China whom holds US Treasuries
Sounds like a bribe there buddy.
You have given up America first and Bannon disappointedly
Lying trump no credibility! Anyone under a federal investigation cannot be president!!
진핑아 북한문제 잘 풀어 그러면 미국과의 무역거래도 더 잘될겨..(잘못하면 뒈질줄 알어..그럼 내가 직접 손보께..ㅎㅎㅎㅎ)
O.K I don't support u but that is a fair comment and I support you on that. Try 2 stay on a steady keel Donny my boy and we may b o.k yet.
@realDonaldTrump YOU NOW HAVE 18 PEOPLE PLUS YOUR 1ST CASUALTY IN YOUR  BLOODY HANDS, JUST FOR THE SAKE OF YOUR EGO.  I ALONE CAN DO IT
We're the one who needs China, you know, for the shiity breakable shit at Walmart.
Wow, what a great deal maker you are. Please don't bankrupt the U.S. That's how all your other deals ended up.
More importantly,  what did they explain to you Donnie?
Lol as you said you got nothing from the deal
I'm sure he understood every word of your 5th grade limited vocabulary.
ahhh bet that scared them.
good logic ...
Again, blackmail!
不知道朝鲜什么时候该中国管了?
What? You're going to barter away our economic trade deals with China for what? Non-existent Chinese influence on NK? Fool.
Great point. The USA cannot be expected to solve any problems while you are a so-called president.
Funny, I thought you said they were a currency manipulator and we had to reduce our trade deficit with them.
You think China will believe in you?
Mass murderer-in-chief
How are you, Mr President, are you? Now about the news of the joint airline fraud, how do you deal with this matter?
can you point to Syria on a map? Do u know what a map is?
Because China is beholden to the U.S. why?  Because if they don't, you'll halt construction on Trump China?
They all are the same!
Meaning you'll let all the American jobs stay in China after having promised your voters you'd bring them back?
And it's so Presidential of you to tweet about it too #tweeterinchief
And he said kiss my ass
you do understand the problems in this type of thinking ?
dangle a carrot in front of him why don't you? He's too sly for Trumplethinskins.
In my mind!
Ooooh big thinker!  #trumperroom
Why can't you stop giving countries we need ultimatums. You'd think you'd catch on USA needs Intl assistance w Korea. Read a history book
And they laughed and laughed all the way back to China
Then told the staterun media how weak he was
You,  ( with a 3rd grader' s vocabulary) "explaining" something??? Lol
That's rich.
That's what thugs do
Was this before or after he called you a weakened leader that needed to flex his muscles?
the art of deal
Hope China's prez will listen to you.
Keep tweeting President Trump so we know exactly what you are saying -- we really get tired of the paraphrased edition on most of the news.
Lies, Lies, Lies you have no integrity ,
They want control of the area and would preferred a person like him there than an unknown figure, so we must play a clever diplomacy to win
of the old order. personally like the old order, but big changes on the way, not just a no name elected potus. small potatoes.
Is this Clint Eastwood??? The pesticide on the golf course grass is now in your brain.
Drink with leaders, I do everyday
Mr Trump. What did you think about when a person on a united airlines got kicked off??
sweet
Dont piss off the hand that feeds you Trump. China has been a growing power forever and are now a superpower who owns your debt.
I'll believe it when I see the transcript, #EasyD. Truth isn't your thing.
Thanks for sharing Donald.
This is so dangerous and scary and irresponsible.
Why don't you appoint somebody to the State Department that has some experience and sense, then get out of their way?
You said Putin backing  an evil person ! True but why you are backing Al -Sisi the coup leader who killed more then 10000 Egyptian
