It is indeed nice ... to have a REAL President again!
Where?
That so called president! 
Mr douchbag!
Yep ... and her name is Kathy!!!
Better than brain dead trumpet!
When normally rational adults act like spoiled rotten brats when they don't get their way ... are they truly adults???
LMAO
Trump acting like a spoiled rotten brat. But he's not a normally rational adult!
He always acts like a spoiled rotten brat.
Things that frighten liberals like you ...
I'm actually not afraid of any of those!

Uneducated fool
Liberals assume they are only ones w/Education&this makes them superior,your first mistake
You are the direct cause of his death. You have no clue what you are doing!
..the ultimate sacrifice on you order, knowing the minimal possible mental activity were spent in making the decision to
Obviously you do not know what you are talking about
@potus YOU approved this military snafu--YOU are to blame for his murder.
Melania still pissed off at you, huh?
The People of the U.S. should institute a Revolution against #Trump due to despotism: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Declaration_of_Independence#Annotated_text_of_the_engrossed_Declaration ….
when he goes high... You go low.
it was an honor to see you drop everything and pay your respects...
@StaceyMaLaine Thank you for being a brave, real leader. We appreciate you very much. Now the country can see BO was a joke
I LOVE YOU
Sir please don't believe the lies of people who lie about the President. He will follow JUSTICE for ALL
we support you. Thank you
Where was the First Lady, or did Ivanka take that roll now
Guess what. Nobody here is forgetting your lechery & lies. You're a Grade-A loser. And that's an insult to losers.
twitter shud Ban this man.
Is the lyin king playing at the intermission?, those things can get rather boring and finding dory gets old fast honny

FREEDOM OF SPEECH. FREEDOM OF WORSHIP. FREEDOM FROM WANT. FREEDOM FROM FEAR.
We didn't elect Ivanka. Not a monarchy.
you're responsible for his death, hope you extend same courtesy to other military who will die because of ur bad decisions
.@realDonaldTrump WHY IS IT ALWAYS ABOUT YOU???? STOP TALKING ABOUT YOU! TALK ABOUT HIM AND HIS SACRIFICE. YOU BIG DUMB ORANGE BAFFOON!
No one else exists, didn't you get the memo?
right!   Forgot.  
#fakenews
We haven't forgotten about Russia. The spies need arrested, now! NOBODY CARES HOW YOU FEEL. #ImpeachTrump
I wonder why Melania was not invited
where is your wife. Obama's went together. He was killed because of your wreclkless decisions

This meme will remain on point until he is:
1. Assassinated 
2. Impeached or
3. Quits in a hissy fit
What? looks like you are having the hissy fit. Little bit psycho
Lols. You've obvs never seen a hissy fit sweetheart
Seen more hissy fits since January 20th for a lifetime! Your "predictions" is one of them.
haha ok then. Good on you for trying.
I'd be careful in the language you use on Twitter especially tweeting it every day. Just saying
um....thanks? Sorry didn't realize my language was offensive?
Draft dodger Trump. I'd b embarrassed to have you in my wife's presence. Shame
The blood on your hands is just beginning to collect. You utter failure. How many troops are you going to murder?

#TrumpsBenghazi
Trump busy tweeting about newspapers while this is happening to our brave service members. 
https://twitter.com/FoxNews/status/825693126484451328 …
Brave appears in difficult situations
You and Ivanka are TRULY CARING PEOPLE
you are a brave and great man too. Thank you for working so hard at making America great again.
Thank you President Trump!
TRUMP KILLED THE NAVY SEAL AS WELL AS OTHERS!  You are thanking him???
You lost,
So sad!  May he RIP!  God bless his family for their sacrifice for our country!  Let Freedom Ring!
U did this to mk YOU look good, without your wife (you treat her like dirt).
Our deepest sympathy to his family.
@POTUS thank you for supporting our troops sir!
You were the answer to a prayer. Your parents prayed that the world would be made to suffer and here you came along
@POTUS your piss poor strategy didn't help, probably.

No mention of this 8 year old American girl you killed in that raid, too?

wrong outright lie it was planned by Obama and approved just executed by Trump
Nope. Obama rejected this plan. http://ln.is/theweek.com/speedrea/vZhT1 …
just cuz you say it doesn't make it true
President Trump loves our military, vets, law enforcement, & the American people! He's a true President for the people!
You must be freebasing the freaking kool-aid
That sounds weird. Just sayin.
Go troll somewhere else. You won't like it here.
haters hate that is what the do they are still reeling from Killary losing

Yr friends at Fox r reporting w/ same sources but a tactical admin friendly rewrite
Yeah and? I didn't support Obama's drone strikes and actively spoke out against them.
You've stopped making sense so I'm not going to engage with you. You're very bad at this.
Some US officials are talking about the botched raid in Yemen: http://mobile.reuters.com/article/idUSKBN15G5RX …
then had a photo op with the casket when the family requested privacy. Disgusting.
and his pres secretary publicly mentioned the name of the Seal's wife.
They aren't blubber-packed mammals that spend most of their time in water. They're SEALs.
Thank you President Trump!!! For showing the respect to America's fallen Hero's they deserve!
Don't you mean the soldier he got KILLED because of his ignorance???
Unfortunately there are casualties in war.The difference is TRUMP sent them in BLINDLY AND KNEW IT!!!
ohhh let me guess u heard that from "sources"
Navy SEAL raid in Yemen probably killed civilians, including children, Pentagon says
while deeply tragic and sad you do know that terrorist use women and children as human shields
And that was NOT the case here and hasn't even been said to be the case BY ANYONE!
@SEALHQ #resist He is gone because of YOU DT.
Attending Chief Ryan Owens' Dignified Transfer yesterday with my daughter Ivanka was my great honor. To a great and brav...
what professional takes his daughter to his meeting wth
Repeal Obama care, tweet when it's done!
. V.my how gghy6jhi7
You never told the American People that that man's father declined to meet with you saying his conscious wouldn't let him!
@POTUS but you decide to exploit his widow for your own ego.
His father blames you for a dumb and failed operation, @realDonaldTrump
YES, his death was unfortunate and totally NOT ANYBODY'S FAULT, right?
and I'm sure you don't have a pot to piss in and never served in the military either
and I'm sure nobody's asking you to do that.
That was outstanding for you to honor him and his family so!!! Obama would never have taken the time!! God Bless You!!!
You should turn off @FoxNews and do some research.
Too bad you didn't attend the Situation Room and talk with the people who really understand how these things work.
Oh but he does. Remember he knows more than the generals  He doesn't need situation room
True. He has the best chocolate cake
You called it beautiful, not away to describe a funeral of someone you murdered
@GovBrewer 
MURDERER
was it worth the life of a SEAL to get a video you could have found on the internet?
@POTUS But you want us to pray for Arnold's ratings?!?! I'll pray for Chief Owens' family instead!!
Hey, unless your name is Google, stop acting like you know everything.
Out of 100,000 sperm, you were the fastest?
hey, traitor, how's the treason?
is your daughter now your proxy wife?
yes because you did this with no interagency intelligence and protocol what a dis service to our soldiers who die for us!
#MakingAmericaGreatAgain
Chief Owens would have lived if you had sat through the intel briefings designed for your benefit. You killed him. #twitler
You cannot be forgiven for trying to use raid to bolster your BAD numbers.  SHAME! You killed him.
How many more will die due to your incompetence?
Dems will take the act of honoring a dead American soldier and turn it into their fascist ramblings just like in Berkley
blood is on your hands.
you took your daughter & not the First Lady....? Ok...
where is the First Lady? Your daughter is not your wife.
yo momma so fat shes got pesos in one pocket and yen in the other
His blood stains your hands....
your daughter has a pretty name
Yo mama so fat wen she jumped in the ocean the whales started singing We Are Family.
hello guys, in french i tall you FDP. Nice to meet you FDP  and 
Ivanka would've made a better president
she is beautiful. That's one character trait to have as a first female president.
She's probably Putins spy
I was hoping for a battle of wits but you appear to be unarmed.
pat yourself on the back there Donnie
Hey!  Try hanging with your wife sometime, or do you enjoy twisting her finger and bringing her pain?  You will lose.
you thank him for dieing because of you.
#failedPOTUS  Too bad you couldn't have spared the time to coordinate an effective plan before launching your raid. .
good publicity @realDonaldTrump
"Attending Chief Ryan Owens' Transgender transformation to look like my daughter Ivanka was my great honor. Brave man!
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't get my head that far up my ass
You are playing with real people's lives. You can't endanger them on a whim or to prove your poiwer
am sure you will sleep well knowing yr inability to listen to/understand intel resulted in this #disaster
lot braver than you. You fucking draft dodger
IT WAS A PLEASURE WATCHING A REAL PRESIDENT ACT IN THE AMERICAN SPIRIT.
He died, because you screwed up, Trump
when Berkeley protestors began doing what is going on there they did same he did emergency and called in national guard.
too bad you got him killed.
A tweet. How dignified. What an honor.
Of all the mistakes your parents made, you take the cake!
Where was your wife? Isn't it her job?
considering you killed him
another mess are you looking to take security concerns from the military commanders more seriously than golf or Twitter
I may love to shop but I’m not buying your bull.
that you murdered. Hope you lose sleep at night over all of those who will for because of you
Yo mama so fat wen she jumped in the ocean the whales started singing We Are Family.
Ivanka, the daughter you wish you can have sex with .....
and whose fault is it that he died?  And no, you can't blame @BarackObama, either.
while u ate dinner #moron
we need to realise thecterrorist hate us not for flag but because we are trying to do what we did to the native Americans.
Ivanja standing in for your "wife" in so many ways....
YOU ARE REDPONSIBLE FOR HIS DEATH! Your 1st military mission & you get a soldier & a 12 year old killed. In over your head
why is your daughter your escort and not you real escort? What gives?
Guess the First lady was busy combing her hair. Your daughter has no elected office. Your need to have her close is scary.
@POTUS the process of how you decided to go forward with this was ludicrous! This soldiers blood is on your hands!
PS Your attack on "Al Queda" was a tragic failure, killing not only Owens but two dozen children and women. #waytogo
His death happened on your watch. Try going to the security briefings. Intel helps.
I'm sure he was a wonderful young man until you got him killed and were too busy to watch from the situation room.
Your lips keep moving but all I hear is “Blah, blah, blah.”
you were eating dinner when U ordered this raid.Took no advice f/the ones who actually know what is going on.sad excuse for
and yet you release this to explain your Incompetence https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.businessinsider.com/pentagon-aq-video-seal-team-6-raid-2017-2?client=safari …
ofcos! What else
His death was your fault, President Bannon.
Wouldn't have to be there if you didn't get him killed.
Is that your face? Or did your neck just throw up?
In spite of daughter being more educated and intelligent then you.   Her or husband were NOT voted in y r they there
He's a Senior Chief now. Show him the PROPER respect.
@POTUS  taking ur daughter-should've been ur wife accompanying u- her place was@ ur side visiting the grieving family
Did you and Ivanka bring YOUR factories to the U.S. yet? What are you waiting for?
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
please continue what you are doing. I support you
Chief Owens' stayed not to far away from Bloomington-Normal, Illinois.  Thanks so much for supporting our troops!!!
just a thank you, no sorry?
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable? Like a coma.
Where's your wife?
thanks Mr Pres for caring about our military families. You are doing a wonderful job- drain that Swamp pronto!
remember Reagan fired 11,000 air controllers boycotted. He gave them 48 hrs..they called his bluff and he fired everyone
I hear when you were a child your mother wanted to hire somebody to take care of you, but the mafia wanted too much.
If you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid.
You didn't even have a formal meeting in the situation room to oversee the mission; your responsible for his death!
I'm glad to see you're not letting your education get in the way of your ignorance.

How many more will die so you can prove you are all powerful?
U killed him & inncent civilians w/ yr reckless review b4 approval aided by Bannon&son-in-law who have 0 expertise.#Resist
Please, keep talking. I always yawn when I am interested.
Esta atitude q o Honra, com certeza ficará resguardada nos registros do presente! p os arquivos do futuro.
And this is on you. Remember every day that we all know that as a real fact, real Donald.
"KingFish" pretender and if you were an educated man you would know who he was and what happened
Obama is promoting violence. Can we tell Obama to leave the country. Obama shows his real face of worst president
Poor Donald You need to give Ivanka a raise. Nordstrom just dropped her clothing line. Or start the keep Ivanka Green fund
"brought my sweet piece of ass dau...i mean brought my daughter"
A man you are responsible for killing, among others, due to ill- informed and politically motivated haste
you don't have the right to go near the family of the fallen Seal that your negligence and arrogance killed.
The blood spilled that day is on your hands.
obama had lots of blood on his hands - it come sadly with the job
