Hello yes, I would like to invite you to my sleepover.
It will stay GREAT/SAFE, PLEASE DONT F__K IT ALL UP!
Thank you Louisville, Kentucky. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! ...
You are doing a great job.keep doing what you your doing.
Making America Weak by undermining our covert operations abroad
you make america sad and worried about nuclear war!!!  YES ITS FROM YOU YOU YOU!
and waiting
Donald, why don't you try a rally in California?
I love you
It was an honor to have you.
by this way  u d'not  make  America  great
You are the new answer to the old time machine question. If you dont get it, the previous answer was Hitler
Youre so far from making America great ... you're the polar opposite
We're now Help America get back its dignity
f bc rctv
You are reversing any progress made. Women are people, so are people in the lgbt community. Those groups should get more equality and rights
"Make America safe" ok so why is it that you are allowing people to discriminate against the lgbt community and against women?
That's right America willl b great again in Kentucky I can't wait to drink some fresh clean water great work mr president
NOT WHEN YOU BOMB A COUNTRY AND GET INVOLVED IN FOREIGN WAR. THAT'S HOW YOUR CREATE TERRORISM.  FOCUS ON AMERICA NOT ON THE WORLD. #MAGA
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
Are you still running for office???
Time for Democrats & these Liberal Judges to putting our safety at Risk & let @POTUS protect the Country! Close the Borders.Go 2 Hawaii
Louisville is a Sanctuary City! @MayorFisher needs to help the Police and stop helping foreigners that get free handouts!
EVERYBODY LOVES TRUMP! Regardless what the dishonest media says! GOD BLESS OUR BRAVE PRESIDENT!!!
Pence is guilty too - he was officially warned about Flynn.
Should have held your inauguration in KY.
America is and was great. You can't make it great again.
Mr. President you need to embrace the Freedom Caucus and Ted Cruz, Rand Paul. They want what is best. Not like Ryan types.
@POTUS - no U R #MakingAmericaSickAgain #coal dust in air, poisons in water, #CO2 in #atmosphere
Hey! Obama made America great! You're going to get us killed
..So send all the nasty tweets you like. You show your ignorance with every word. Keep golfing. #notimeforvacations #bs
...he is not getting signed because of you? You truly are delusional. You forget, you work for us. Not us for you...
Nice rib on Kaepernick. So basically you're against freedom of speech? You honestly think...
- Secession will America great again. The country will parted in humans and apes.
Thank you MR trump
EVERYTHING DONALD TRUMP SAYS IS A LIE.
Thank you Kentucky. The state with the largest population of stupid people. There will always be a home for the Drumpfs.
safe? From who, you
you will never complete your term. Sorriest president we ever had. "YOU WILL BE IMPEACHED"
@MichaelCohen212 sick of propping states like this with my Fed Tax dollars
The contest for all ages has been to rescue Liberty from the grasp of executive power. 
-Daniel Webster
Please, stop w/ the #emptyrhetoric. #America deserves an answer: Define "Great" and "Again"

#ACARepeal would hurt KY& USA
End this IRS... Fairtax is the only way
thank you President Trump
EGO! Ur the only one that needs to have rallies right after u won an election. Makin that $ off the Trump Train Fools
A president that doesn't have concerns about future survival is defeating the purpose of that position. #oxymoron
They voted to kick you out of the White House? That's the only way America is safe and great
If only I spoke Americanese
America is, and always has been, Great.  It doesn't need you.
you tried to take away their health care and are starting to poison your water.

.Mr Putin save this country. Vladimir Putin fire Donne Trump. You have the power. You don't need him to destroy the US, HELP
. You mean "I alone will and am destroying America and will continue to do so until I'm impeached".
we love Kool-Aid
Mr President, you have been chosen by God! Your a great Man. Thank You
lol
.  MR. RealDonaldTrump  America will ONLY EVER be SAFE AGAIN when YOU are GONE.
those rallies are getting less and less visited by the look of it LOL
Keep your promise Repeal OC. Used to pay $300/m w/$5 copay. Now pay $600/m $1950 deductible 20% copay. It was better before
Are you in a costume? It's not Halloween yet... oh, never mind.
Mirrors can't talk. Luckily for you, they can't laugh either.
You're so fake that Barbie is more real than you.
Thank you for being "Our President". I would like to meet you one day.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X77JtXapSIg … You will NEVER have the love, respect & adoration a REAL President has Like President Obama has!
(Phone ringing)... Excuse me Russia called, they want their idiot back
I’m sorry, was I meant to be offended? The only thing offending me is your face.
I would give you a nasty look right know but I see you have already got one.
how about respect at rallies and official functions with Hail to Chief playing maybe sink in to some
#MAGGOT! - Makes America Gag, Get Out Trump!
it's really boring the way you feel like you constantly need your followers to inflate your ego.
make the world safe Mr Trump. One country at a time.
Wise words. For an idiot at least.
how much did you pay lol
What's the difference between you and a brick? The brick gets laid.
What a loser, campaign is over and he is still doing it. TYRANT, TYRANT I TELL YA.
Your teeth are so yellow traffic slows down when you smile
You know, your mom is a big liar. She said that she never makes the same mistake twice... then you brother was born
Aww, it’s so cute when you try to talk about things you don’t understand.
#freeamishsam
how many millions are you gonna blow this weekend?
quit campaigning and start governing
Lets just have rallies for the next four years! Only empty words!
stop looking for accolades to support your ego. It makes you look weak.  You have lost your credibility, Mr. President.
king man
(Phone ringing)... Excuse me Russia called, they want their idiot back
@HollyNiotti haters will hate. You can leave anytime you like. TRUMP's going for 8 LONG YEARS
@HollyNiotti when the opposition fights you on everything, your doing EVERYTHING CORRECTLY! Your the best Mr. President!
The only way I'd lay naked with you would be in a mass grave
safe and great for who?
I'm not offended by what you say. I'm just glad that you're stringing words into sentences now.
Yo momma was like a racecar driver. She burns lots of rubbers!
Stupidity’s not a crime, so you’re free to go.
thank you sir
You know, your mom is a big liar. She said that she never makes the same mistake twice... then you brother was born
