Apparently my company didn't think so. I got laid off, Again. they are hiring temporary workers. I guess they don't put stock in loyalty.
"Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now." Thank you Stuart Varney @foxandfriends Jobs are sta...
Since corporations are rolling in the dough why do they need tax cuts, that's right to fuck over the middle class and poor, U corp kiss ass.
LIE
Hey Carlo where's  your green card buddy! You chose a womans face! Welcome to LA! PROVES YOU SIR R NOT AMERICAN! FAKE ACCOUNT, FOREIGN I.P.
I am a woman
Dividends are roaring, not jobs. But then, you know that.
Oh so they can afford to pay more to help America? P
Good to know
remember this tweet? Yet you now falsely complain USA has highest tax rate?  Also,  how is this needed, based on all that $$ being made?
I bet they haven't you lying slimeball
You are setting up more networks to get money to go into your own means right #POTUS? Everybody knows!
Yet workers wages remain stagnate. Are you going to take credit for that as well?
I'm sure they're happy citizens...  oh, wait, umm.
Thanks, Obama!
Next time your around some of those corporate bosses please ask them to start letting it trickle down. Bring Back the Middle Class
#FakeNews
Corporations don't exactly trickle it down, but you wouldn't know that.
We need a president for the people
NOT a president for the corporations.
DYSFUNCTIONAL DONALD rides again!
we,the implanted torture vics want support & compensation for the years of hell.get the truth out. Rnm sucks
Thanks Obama!
Yes, for leaving the Whitehouse.
Thanks Obama!
Yay corporate welfare! Down with welfare for the poor and sick! (GOP idea of "christian family values" - in direct opposition to Jesus)
But somehow not being passed on to the workers. Wages stagnated. Time for the American worker to rise up and demand better pay #FightFor15

Dear Delusional Donald, Your days are numbered. Fraud! Traitor!
and now we know why more rich people voted for donald trump than any working class
"Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now." Thank you Stuart Varney @foxandfriends Jobs are starting to roar,watch!
1k followers and verified. Ok fool
The stock markets not the indicators of massive job growth.They're rising on the myth of governership that will not happen.We deserve better
Russia has your number & Americans are in a stranglehold because of your bad business deals. We will be great again when you are safely gone
And you've never made so much money raping America, aoong with the #TrumpCrimeFamily. #Resign #LockThemAllUp
اوووي ترامب صوووبنا 
Do you know what you could have done instead of watching Fox News and tweeting? Signed the Russia sanctions bill. Isn't it on your desk?
WHERE THE HELL IS THE TRICKLE DOWN
Liar!!!!! Shame on you
Fox and friends ... nice source
Rawr XD
You haven't changed any economic policy so these jobs are still Obama's fool
You just watch Fox and Friends all day don't you? Pretty soon it will be mandatory viewing
It already is at HHS.  All Tubes are on Fox.

You're doing a great job Mr President @POTUS despite receiving very little support from @GOP leadership. History making!
Corps making more money while u try 2 kill the elderly, poor, & diabled, is a problem. I am guessing ur base wanted u 2 stop corporate greed
What's that you say about your propaganda machine? RESIGN
Still taking credit for Obama's economy, eh?
Corporate VPs, CEOs, etc: YES. Workers: NO
MAGA! Block grant 7 billion to states. Start the process of transitioning Ocare to Graham Cassidy.
Obama had seven years of job growth.   Slowing with you.  Never too late for you to learn economics.
#fakenews
How about those small businesses? Oh, that's right...the rich just get richer....
Why can't I get a raise?????
Thanks Donny boy, for caring about the rich corporations making more money while they hoard it all from the middle class on down.
Yeah, Corporations & probably CEOs! What about the other 99% of US, @POTUS? 

When will WE see the Gravy Train or OUR Boats Rising? 

#RINO
Didn't you say you will look out for the people, not corporations?
Meanwhile inflation is at 1%, indicating companies and wealthy ppl hoard $, in stock market while worker's wages remain stagnant.
3 John 1:2
#Beloved, I pray that you may prosper in all #things and be in #health, just as your #soul [1/2]
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/richard-greene/is-donald-trump-mentally_b_13693174.html …
3 Years, 5 Months, 19 Days, 3 Hours, 56 Minutes, and 1 Second
Until my SECOND term!
Over my dead body
That's only if you have information against hillary

Every time you tweet another ignorant person feels like a genius. Thanks for that at least!!!
A President has never based his official statements off of Fox News more than NOW.  

You are a sick Paranoid Man!
And By SICK, I mean SICK!!!
Robert Mueller is coming for you and there is no hiding behind your Power.

The long reach of the law has you by the collar!
Robert Mueller is the one who's actually 'DRAINING THE SWAMP!'

You are the biggest swamp creature of them all, and you will be removed!!!
I see you still get your info from the likes of Fox News, Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hanndity and that idiot Jones! SMDH! #Sad # Bigly!
So now you are quoting Stuart Varney?  You might as well just quote the Devil himself!
You are losing it Mr. President.  The 25th Amendment is coming soon!
You have no right being our president, and you have no responsibility for the money Corporations are making. Name one law you passed to help
You just babble and babble about being responsible for the economy when you haven't passed a single law related to the economy!
Speaking of babble, I have never seen you post a single tweet. You do 5-8 every time, but of course that's not babble, but it's hypocrisy
Can't deny or bad mouth that can you. Thank you Mr President,

The only jobs that are "roaring" are low paying. I'd love to see you try living on $11 bucks an hour! THAT reality show would be UGE!
Corporations don't create demand, middle America does.  Essentially you're just making the rich richer and are proud of it.  Unbelievable.
You should quit before you are impeached
Ya to bad that they will never share those profits with anyone but top CEO's !!
Yet income disparity has never been greater since just before the Great Depression... trickle down does NOT work #dumptrump
A lot of people in Eastern KY voted for you...where are those jobs?

Ugh. That's the problem. Why aren't we seeing increased wages? Corporations are hoarding cash. For what? To buy up treasuries? #middleclass
Hahaha yeah, corporations making tons on money has ALWAYS meant more jobs coming for the little guy *wink*
You probably own them,which means you do what ya can to hide it and cheat on yur taxes that yur still hiding,
What about workers, Donnie? How are they doing?
Money creates more problems than it solves. Animals do the only work that needs to be done, and they do it for free nature.
Complete BULL!
Actually, every statement of this Tweet is factually incorrect and is not backed up by current data.
And how does that help the other 99% of us?
Yes! President Obama did a great job on recovery!
Trump is so confused, doesn't know where he is.
Thanks Obama!!!
Would be a good political ad against this guy..Rich is getting richer and Corporations finally have their President.. just read the tweet
So cut their taxes? But we can't afford education, healthcare and higher wages? Corporations don't make America great, it's workers do!
Profit=low wages, cutting benefits, automation, tax loopholes, no investment in American healthcare, infrastructure or environment.Nice Job!
2016 Aetna lost about a billion on Obamacare. Still over 3 billion net profit! Promised 2017 increase 2 O'care premiums. ? profit is enough!
Thanks President Obama !!
Fake news!
Are these corporations paying their employees more or polluting our water and food less?
What planet do you live on?
Okay how about us small business!! can't even buy a house. 32 yrs, don't have $40000 down. How about help us NOW!!
I thought you weren't going to have time to watch the news....or play golf, or Tweet.
Wealthy corporations don't need more money. How about helping middle class Americans? Oh wait, we're beneath you so we don't matter.
It's easy to make money when there is no regulation.  Has air quality been this high?  Water? Thanks Obama!  Stock crash is on Trump in 2018
That's the first true thing you've ever said--corporations are making huge profits on workers' backs and you want to give them more!!!
Trouble is they're not & wages are being downgraded. Guess unions are next to go into the toilet?
Kushner Companies subpoenaed over use of visa program: report

For every job that tRump takes credit for "creating", I see other companies announcing twice as many lay offs.  Sad.
The rich #corporations are still #bleeding us poor dry! No raises, no full time jobs for the hardest workers! #Trump I voted 4 u 2 fix this
Good for cooperations? But what about small businesses? Thtats what I care about.
All your millionaire cronies have never made so much money.
But people are making less. Thanks for being a champion of the people? At least u showing us where your priorities really are
NO THANKS TO YOU!!!  RESIGN YOU TWIT
Fun fact: Corporations are not actually people. You know, middle class/poor people as opposed to the billionaire CEOs you are helping.
While the working people starve to death. The lazy rich people are making money of the sweat of their workers while not paying fair wages.
America? let me enlighten you its only the 2%
Billionaires making more money while the poor stay poor.
Stayontrack.IfGodbeforyou,whocanbeagainstyou.YOUARESURROUNDEDBYGODSFIGHTINGANGELS.STANDBYFAITH Youwillwitnessoneofthegreatesttheworldhasseen

Thank you @BarackObama  for laying the foundation for this growth. Great rebound from the crisis we were in in 2008.
I guess that means they can pay a living wage now #maga
Thank you Trump state run TV.
You think you can really take office and turn our economy around in 6 months?  Shows how little you know.  THANK YOU, @BarackObama!!!!
Oh yeah!!!Stuart Varney is the best!
They are just as crooked as you are because no one likes YOU!!!! #n1ly
So why cut their taxes? Businesses are doing great and tax revenues are rolling in. You have to be one of the stupidest people ever elected.
Everyone had better keep an eye on their retirement accounts! https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2017-02-03/trump-to-halt-obama-fiduciary-rule-order-review-of-dodd-frank …
Be nice if us under paid Americans could, rather than the rich getting richer and hiring staff at altimeter low wages in comparison
Mr. President you need more Patriots like Stuart Varney in your administration. We love you and we adore Stuart Varney. MAGA.
How about "corporations has never before let their employees gain so little from the company's big profits as they do now". Also true 
Still waiting for you to get me a raise.
http://www.southbendtribune.com/news/business/am-general-announces-more-than-temporary-layoffs-at-mishawaka-plant/article_3fe73ae9-7693-5dfb-a258-97f32b511e05.html …
Go trump
You're a failure in everything you do. You're a traitor to this great country. #lameduckdonald #PutinsPuppet
Next you'll say you helped @Apple make their 3/4 of a trillion dollars since you've been in office.
Citizens have never made LESS...Selling our future down to foreign interests to line your pocket. Mueller will get you soon!
You are right CORPORATIONS are making more money than ever.  Not so for the average worker.
At the expense of working people
It is all fake data.
Thx Pres OBAMA!
Then  obviously corporations and the wealthiest investor class don't need big tax reductions.
Obama's efforts beat UR 2.6, 18 quarters. 2.6ot soar, a whimper, a yawn, a sob.
thanks Obama... saved us from the current shit mess...aka Dumpster..
Corporations did NOT NEED HELP fleecing the poor, middle class, the country or the world. They're good at it. Fox News is FAKE NEWS we know.
Well done President Trump.
When are the people going to make money...simple question...
That good
since you have dinner w/ all thee Fox reporters weekly of course they put on what you want. . It should be called Trump News #TrumpLies
Thanks to OBAMA...
As they contribute less to America by using foreign corporations to shield themselves from paying their share of taxes.
The only people that made out the last 16 years is medical, drug companies and politicians that made money sending our jobs elsewhere.
a better way of saying it, sir, would be "rich have never made as mucho money as they are making now, but the rest of you uneducated not
Well good, they should now be able to pay their fair share of taxes instead of getting a free ride with all the corporate welfare
And wage growth is puny.
WHAT ABOUT AVERAGE WORKING AMERICANS?????
#GOPdontCare
More like thanks Obama! 
Off the backs of us little people....who you do not support. SAD!
when will we admit corporations doing well means nothing for the American taxpayer.
Please. What a Liar.
Hey Deferment Don, would this be a good time to talk about how BAD American auto sales have been in June and July, that's on YOU, NOT GOOD!!
1.1 million jobs in six months is less than the 1.2 million added during the same period a year ago under Obama. #winning
You  are  owesome  .
And if their struggling employees were also making more, maybe this statement wouldn't make me want to barf.
Hey, you’re not up Trumping yet. Has Kelly smashed your phone? I make it over a day now. Is that a record?
Who’s taken over your Twitter account, as there’s no way that that’s you who’s typed in those latest two tweets? Bring back #SocioTrump
@MatureTrumpTwts @AynRandPaulRyan Is it me, or does it look like someone has taken control of his Twitter account? Time will tell.
There’s not been much recent activity over at @POTUS either. Is this a Coup d'État? Could Donnie still have a stand-up career after this?
TRUMP LIED ABOUT CARRIER JOBS. TRUMP LIED ABOUT CARRIER JOBS. TRUMP LIED ABOUT CARRIER JOBS. TRUMP LIED ABOUT CARRIER JOBS. TRUMP LIED
Correct, they will also have a great tax break, and under your tootlige encouraged to not pay taxes..how does that help the poor citizens?
Donnie, you of all people should know greedy millionaires making money does not equate to job growth. Way to jump to conclusions, Donnie
And working class America sees not of it. #CORPORATEGREED
THAT'S BULLSHIT BUSINESSES ARE STILL CLOSING DONALD! WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT THAT BLAME IT ON OBAMA OR HILLARY CLINTON!
Keep kicking ass and draining the swamp!!!
IN TRUMP WE TRUST !!!!
Thankfully they are people too.  How come we, the people, are not in the same shoes? No wage increases yet profits continue rising. #fixit
Bro! Sad about the guy that tweeted about shooting protesters I understand he was a supporter of yours. Can you elaborate more on that.
And you still living off the policies Obama put in place...
So nice you say corps are making huge money. What about the middle class and lower end where they need it worst??? It NEVER trickles down!
We already knew corporations were stinking rich, we're still waiting for it to trickle down on the rest of us
corporations.  Not the average worker struggling to get by. Because hey, who cares about them, right? But those corporations can rake it in.
http://nypost.com/2017/08/01/why-the-trump-market-keeps-heading-up-up-up/ … @TeamTrump #MSM @TheTrumpTrain @DailyCaller @TuckerCarlson @LouDobbs @TrumpSuperPAC @TeamTedCruz @TeamTrumpAZ #MAGA
The stock market LOVES Trump! The investors LOVE Trump! NOT Obama, Soros, @SenateDems, #MSM, @CNN, @washingtonpost, @nytimes, @SenSchumer
I have cancelled my subscription to People. That was a horrible article about you and your family. Shame on them.
Yep....rich people are getting richer and the rest in our country are having one right after another taken away...
How did Fox&Friends bring in jobs? Oh! You mean all the lawyers being hired.  Got'cha.
