Im a woman, But not for D Trump. Hes running a witch hunt, all the time......... not easy to take what he sais for real.......
Thank you for making the country safer Mr. President. That's why I voted for you and support you.
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! God bless you our great president!
Throw people in jail who knowingly hire illegals. End of story.
Keep it up! We stand with you and love what you're doing!!!!
Your doing an amazing job President Trump
The ban on travel by people of Muslims States should continue and construction of wall along the US and Mexico border needs to be emphasized

Keep kickin ass, Mr. President!  America is with you....disregard all the Libtards and the fake news!!

 Border Wall Design 
   Watch and Share 
         
https://youtu.be/3o0pi2nUGP4  
There goes all the democratic voters, no wonder Mad Sick Media is forcing Russia down everybody's throats, turn off the television people!
Thanks to president OBAMA for killing the leaders of ISIS..something trump DIDN'T do but steals the credit for
this person is on, DOG FOOD. LUV THE PRESIDENT.
I'm impressed  how much you've got done while golfing,watching TV, sharing classified info w/Russia, & sucking Putin's u-know-what.
Congratulations on giving Pentagon and military authority to prosecute war and on your rhetoric reducing border crossings.  Good work.
Thank you Mr. President @realDonaldTrump
We love you President Trump!! 
I love all these tweet gangsters having the time to criticize but not doing anything positive to support our country - don't like it? Move!
We want more than gang members... remove them all. You will not respect our laws if your first act of coming here is breaking our laws.
Keep killing the terrorists! Don't stop! Crush them out of existence & make examples of them! Put fear 4ever in them! Make 'em doubt Allah!!
THANK YOU @POTUS & ALL  WHO ARE FIGHTING TO #MAGA! MAY GOD BLESS, PROTECT & LEAD YOU IN THIS WAR TO TAKE BACK AMERICA!
YOU are the man....thank YOU very much! #PresidentTrump
AThank you @Potus and thank you to all our soldiers fighting for freedom 
The media hates u tweeting because the truth comes out when u tweet and the media can't say anything fake about u!!
My president. Getting shit done!
尖閣諸島沖の日本領海に中国海警局船4隻が相次いで侵入
無抵抗の日本国憲法を排除してほしい！日本国に戦う力を確保し此のギャングを退治させて http://deltainfonews.com/?p=5144    https://twitter.com/CgrDDcGhpnIHMde/status/871881513142321152/photo/1pic.twitter.com/cdzC4ezHH1 
野田数。都民ファーストの会代表。東京書籍従業員を1ヶ月で退職。保守党から兵庫7区で衆院選出馬も落選、小池百合子議員秘書に。自民党東村山市議会議員、東京都議会議員。離党後、東京維新の会結成、日本維新衆院選、猪木秘書、北朝鮮臭洗うべし
Next thing you know, the RATS will be screaming that isiss has rights to do what they do !
This has essentially already happened. Liberals screaming for Sharia Law, Islamic illegals rights etc. Resisting travel ban.
Thank you for doing everything you can.  Maybe someday congress will help you. Sorry Sessions couldn't handle the heat and passed the buck.
Keep up the good work! Now you need to  twist arms and break @gop legs to get the things done that the lying a-holes promised!!
Can we send the able bodied men back home to help the widows and orphans rebuild their country instead of American contractors this time?
What else can we ask for? 
I'll take a side of "clean the swamp" with "tax cuts" as an appetizer.
Puto
RATS were quiet when Bary was using drones & women & children were killed. Trump goes after isisis & NOW Trump is bad, evil & wrong !
YOU ARE THE SUPER PRESIDENT !!  Thank you for your incredible amazing work for America !!  President Trump !!
Terorism  = jewish mossad's
Thank you for your honesty and all you have been doing President Trump! Sincerely, THANK YOU!
@POTUS please remove ISIS from USA.  Declare #MuslimBrotherhood #cair terrorist organizations. Please stop Islam invasion to USA. Protect us
Good thing Obama's policy is working. Iraq's forces are taking down ISIS in RAQQA
Keep Tweeting Mr. President Trump!! This is the only way the truth will come out in regards of your hard work!! We the people love u!!
Thank you Mr. President you’re doing a great job
Thank you President Donald Trump,  job well done and continuing.
