Ossoff did not even live in GA. Dems spent nigh 8 million on his campaign. So glad to see this race go to a runoff.
So true! Huge leftist _propaganda effort_, by which they hoped to make a credible claim of Trump momentum ending. Totally backfired on them!
The highest democrat vote share since 1974 is a backfire?
Republicans must get out today and VOTE in Georgia 6. Force runoff and easy win! Dem Ossoff will raise your taxes-very b...
Nervous?
This #ExGOP is rooting 4 #Ossoff.  Anybody but a another #TrumpHumper! Get ready 2 EXIT, #Trump...Your days are numbered. #CorruptLIAR @FNC
I doubt this race will decide anything.
This race is just the beginning of 2018!  #JonOssoff  for #America!
頑張って応援してます。
Obvious who you support..our endearing so called @POTUS. Well guess what, you'll see who comes out clean in the wash
#flipthesixth @ossoff @flippable_org @FlipSistersUS
@EricTrump trump is the one raising your taxes, and horrible health care bill a death trap for millions!V Jon in Georgia!
Yes you lost that one and you lose many more in 2018 so enjoy this little honeymoon you're on because it'll be over soon
Hi sir..
Ossoff is a 30 year old that will lie to you to get whatever he wants to win!! He is Obama all over again!!
Boo to Ossoff !
Please win Republican we need our President to win we need law a orderl
 again talking out of your
Je vs respect mon grand président, mais à tout cas l'#Afrique se voie reculer avec ces petit diables dictateurs....merci
NO MORE LIES!  Ossoff is not for raising taxes or soft on crime. Where do you get your info?
Go back to bed and lay down before you hurt yourself 45.
Trump's whole campaign staff was down here helping Bob Gray. He was even with Handel, when Trump got involved Gray tanked
Take down the Republicans.
was going to be our problem.  You have an obligation to make it right.
FDR did what was right.  If u forgot read his books.  My gramps was a marine and he told me what we are battling today
fix things
make things right.
you are the smartest most American since FDR.  What is the problem. Make things right.
@EricTrump lol!  Hilarious. #ivankasucksherdaddysdick
Liar.
Get out & vote! Democrats will never allow the Truth!
Down with commies democrats.
U r batshit craft trump
SHOW US YOUR TAXES
Try being presidential for once. Jerk
As president of the United States of America you should be encouraging all citizens to get out and vote! U Just don't get it
Really Donny whose the really bad guys?
The left.
Georgia swamp people can't vote.
Perfect
God really does love us...
Why do you just bald-face lie? Ossof hasn't the power to raise taxes!
I can't wait  when the day comes to see u impeached it's coming because I'm ashamed that your President of this great country
It is the fatal actions of the Party we have in office fight now! Not fighting for America but for Their own agenda!! Not the People!!
No he won't! More Rhetoric to brain wash people. Over all tax base per state is higher in red States except California!!
I actually support you on something: encouraging people to get out and vote.
you have never met him and you don't know him. Just shut up. You seem to not know anything but how to lie.
Liar! You'll raise the middle class taxes!    Just like the health insurance.  You'll strip poor old people of Medicaid and SS.  LIAR !
A real president would urge all Americans to vote not just one party. #100daysofshame
It just goes to show his corruption!! He is going down with a vengeance!!
BRING BACK THE ARMANDA !!!
It's between he and Handel now.
Will somebody please do something 2 fix our tax system.
Fez
typical Con hysteria. Pubs will raise your taxes by cutting taxes for the rich. Pubs are soft on corp crime and espionage
@realDonaldTrump thank you for making the democrats stronger Thanks for being so stupid and scared. @overyourhead
You #ReslDonaldTrump r the bad one
Good morning good idea
Demand won't let it happen even Republicans are sick of ypu

You talk like a 5 yr old.Very bad.
TAXES?  SHUT UP UNTIL YOU PUT UP.  RESPECT?
Pompeo wants to decimate 1st amendment, clamp down by DOJ with FBI makes mince meat of constitution. Protect whistleblowers & free press.
Isn't it bad form to bash a politician when you are president? Just saying is an abuse of power. He should sue you.
Moron!
Raise your taxies-very bad.  Please explain. (Even if it takes more than one tweet.)
Liar.
Yeah, wait for trump to raise your taxes!
good lord can you be any dumber?
Dems get out vote, vote, vote!
Can't nobody be worse than you.
Get it right fake POTUS dems lowered middle class taxes the raised yours you want to cut yours raise middle class by double!!!
You lie
Republicans must get out today and steal....did I say that? I meant vote, get out and vote....
You promised to get the illegals out of here and build a wall.  You promised to make sure American workers were protected against visa pr
GO REPUBLICANS;HELP  FIGHT FOR YOUR FREEDOM, SAFETY AND JUSTICE!! IN THE NAME OF JESUS CHRIST OUR LORD AND SAVIOR WHO TRULY LOVES US ALL!
couldn't find evidence of Ossoff proposing any broad-based tax increases, such as an income tax hike. Provide evidence.
You scared?
Remember when you threatened Republicans to leave their party?
Bull!
You're raising taxes…it's OK if you do it, but not OK if some1 else does. You want States to take less Federal money; State taxes will rise.
IRONY = @realDonaldTrump wants to give American's Tax Cut and he's SCARED to reveal his own TAX RETURNS. #FakePresident @maddow @nytimes
big republican $$$. Sad that is how elections are won
#TrumpLies #alternativefacts #HeWillSayAnything #Fascist45
Is 'very bad' a technical term?
Can you please do something  about gas prices  people  around me are saying that they are higher becouse Rex tilling
you have single handedly screwed any republicans running for reelection. Good luck next year with a dem majority
哈哈哈
Your mouth moves but all I hear is "blah, blah, blah"!
SAD
wow this election really got under your skin. And percentage-wise, he got more votes than you did!
Your back tracking on everything Mr president everything am not happy with you!! Your getting soft.
Maybe you should find out the facts before you start telling your lies. Oh I forgot that is what you are the best at..
Putin says Russian people will choose his successor via ballot box OR DIE
the president should not be influencing Congressional races.  It's called checks and balances.  #theconstitutionmatters
This is Trump
Bullshit. And all you would do is pad the pockets of the rich. Crime has gone up since you took ovet
You are a disaster
In fact you are taking from citizens & giving it to the rich! You are bad for this country & people know it!!
Don't lie 45. And you are lowering taxes for your swamp crew. BAD.
so glad ossoff only got 48%.  need to rally around Karen handel.
Trump that is. We will definitely need a new Air Force one
Let him eat cake.
Ha ha ha didn't work did it??? 
What are you doing to help the Americans?
Shut up
Again, don't you have a job?
You know Ossoff and don't even name the challenger - - win at any cost - you've different how??? Drained what swamp?
Show us your taxes!!
You sure now how to scare reps the wholy trinity: 2nd am, taxes and black criminals
You do realize you have veto power, right?
Donny the liar, making up lies about the dems again. #DonaldTrumpLies
Any way you slice it, dude...you lost there, yesterday...
Fake news from Fake Prez & Fraud Businessman
Liar
It's so funny how your always accusing other people of doing the exact same things that YOU DO!
Lies and more lies. Wait until June you r a fool
So are you
The DEMS won a big victory in Georgia, and they will turn the tables on you! The REPS would do much better without you!
My President..keep up the good work and MAGA. Dems are exploding everyday, and lie about their party.
Not nearly as very bad on America you are though. 
#Trumpcrimefamily #ImpeachTrump
Do. you have mental Problems?
the problem with a run off? You now have to run on your and Ms.Handle's deplorable records. #TrumpReferendum
To me it sounds like a reliably conservative district voting 48% for a Democrat is a huuuuuuuuuuuuuge loss for the GOP.
Why don't you go see Bill and make some phone calls
I thought that was what your agenda was designed to do.
Your tax cut will raise the taxes on everyone except you, the rest of the 1%, corporations. Everyone else will pay more, no tax deductions.
Republicans did go out and vote. Do you see the writing on the wall for 2018?
Congratulation this young man, don't try and destroy him with lies, shame on you trump
Hope you are using the genius of Mike Huckabee?!?!?
Just show your taxes and stop playing golf all the time. Reprehensible the lies
the worlds worst living criminal not already in jail is worried someone might go easy on crime? What?
#stfu45
LIAR LIAR LIAR Fake news. Some day karma is going to catch up with you and we will cheer
