I loved your victory speech. Caring about the deprived communities and our beloved veterans. Let us not forget them. Let's really take care of all of our gatekeepers and protectors. #godblessamerica
Nnnfrecbpp
Nbnbgn
bycfffnfbbgb
Is this tweet a joke?
You’re right. It did change. It got WAY worse with you in charge.
He is doing a great job as Pres 45
Of course if it is true, what women said happened, he is a bad dog, it’s no surprise to: me, I believe, what the women are saying, is true... he should man up and just admit it!!! God loves you Trump & is using you for his higher Good! #MAGA !!!

you're doing all you can to divide the country even more.
@Wish you Good_luck,Hoping for the best,Mr president
It already is changing Mr. president....thanks to you
How are you doing on this promise Fat Boy? #TrumpLies
What a HUGE change! You actually managed to make it worse. SAD!
It seems there are very strong signals that  conservatives disagree with the majority of #US.  So who are the divided and angry? #mirrortime
If you quit now the world will be a happier, healthier, safer place
you go boy. Don't get tempted by the corrupt to be a sheep. Do what is good for all concerned. Tough love is needed
I blive, you can chinge!
You are so right. Divisive ness hurts America.It is a great tool for our enemies. Let's all pull together! America first.
untrusting is not a real word
I wish you all the luck in the world! These people are brainwashed by Obama juice!  I need you help It's about the Va!
@golfer4eva you first
yes me first what?
Lying cheating stealing uninteresting they all add up to jail it started too far back
Amen..With God's power using our Donald Trump president it can can changed..
I'm praying for you, your great family and everything you are saying and doing! Keep up the great work!
what a very important  state of the union address by a great president President  mr Donald Trump. cnn    remain puzzled
RELY ON GOD 4 YOUR GUIDANCE!

#GodIsInControl
#GodBlessUSA
#TrumpStrong
you are the type of person they're talking about
you have made it worse
You're kidding, right? 

'Cause, you're the fool that divided us. 

You know that, right?

#TRUMP #sociopath #UnfitToLead
If you think YOU can do anything to positively impact the people of the USA, you are WRONG. You have deepened the divide.
You need to recognize that you are not the person to accomplish that. You're a rich man with no connection to real people.
What's this trump? You requested visa for 23 laborers for April thru October for your vineyard! Hypocrite!
Obama caused a racial divide &Hillary caused a divide among he sexes. Things are worse than ever but they are both to blame
#PrinceRezaPahlavi
#realDonaldTrump #SOS

#PrinceRezaPahlaviReturn
What's up with Americans who are Homeless shelter and need some help with a place to live like me Michael  Lomant Mack
We're not divided people are supposed to be different You keep saying that the US is not a good place Why'd you run then
Its NOT changing thanks to you!
@Lisad0807 only bc we have U #MAGA #Trump2020
yes Mr. President it will.   Hang in there. Stand your ground.  I love you and Mrs. Trump.
It'll change once the Soros money is cut funding riots
NOT W/YOU IN OFFICE. ACTUALLY YOU MAY BE THE PEDESTAL OF CHANGE.WHEN WE BUMP YOUR LYING CHEATING ASS WE ARE AMERICA AGAIN.
I haven't seen so much anger and hate as since you became a candidate, then president.  Your immigrant ban is not unifying.
I think you should start a broadcasting network. Instead of listening to CNN,we will listen to TNN (y)
Need housing
Expulsing people which are not like you doesn't mean uniting. You're just getting rid of these who are a "threat" to you.
America is based on hate
not with you in office,  that's a fact!!!
yes sir. It will. We all need to hit the reset button.  Bless you for being strong enough to take the heat.
ARE YOU PLANNING ON LEAVING. CUZ THAT WILL MAKE US GREAT
you are doing such a great job breaking down these walls... oh wait.... never mind.
When you are gone!
those are seperators not unifiers.
stop hating yhe attackers and start listening.   Comments like 'those dems" "liberal haters" and "fake news" make it worst
the hatred you are spuing can not help, only making  it worse.
he has a right to be upset about the RIOTING going on. PROTESTING isn't violence and destruction
you think you will make it change, yeah right....for the worst forsure!!!  By the route your taking.
ROTFLMAO
Mr Trump do what you like to do you are right
haha sure pal. #FuckingMoron
it will never change as long you are president and keep in promoting hate and racism
Amazing that people forget that Clinton said the same thing in 1995 aboutthe wall, no outcry then. Google it people. Lol
now tell us how you've contributed to this division, anger and distrust.
美国出了一个毛泽西
And when are you going to start on that...hmmmm?
, save Taxi industry
save taxi industry
@LakePatriot must deal with anti American fascists @JuddApatow @DebraMessing @SarahKSilverman #BoycottHollywood
And it's worse now because Obama & Hillary added to the divide of America!!!
@leonhardtmindy Love overcomes hatred Keep on lovin Trump peeps
Remember when WE were friends with Iran? "the Shaw of Iran was a friend..."
it won't change. I hate every Republican like they hate me. Nothing to hope for. Nothing to live for.
How can you force centuries of hatred to cease to exist. There is always going to be those who believe they are superior
not under your presidency tho
, let bannon write your letter of resignation
You perpetuate the hate.  You're not fooling anyone. Just go away.
It's getting worse.
it will change when you leave office
we have you to thank for the changes and the changes to come love you Trump
.@realDonaldTrump not much progress made on this so far, but it's only been a week. Let's check back in on this one. #TheMarchContinues
your brilliant we need you here in UK Trump! a true realist well done and said mr President!!
We, the people(Christians, Veterans & Citizens)believe in you We know that you have been chosen by God to lead this Country
you have divided our country far more during one week in office than all years previously. Nicely done!
我有一句妈卖批要送给你
great job uniting us today, Donald.  Tremendous, you've impacted this goal biggly.  #sarcasm #racistfuck #resighn #fakepres
great job on stopping the terrorists to come in. Stop refugees for 90 days is a one big step!
Too much politically correct. Can we start saying what really we think?
Yeaaah, good job reinforcing the hatred #sarcasm #imsorrynoonelovedyou
People constantly cause trouble with a chain reaction of misguided notions leading to persecutions fueled from anger.
The Republican party did this and your insane staff and you will divide the nation further.?
I'm in total agreement. Hatred is too deep.Im sick of u being blamed for everything that's wrong w the Country must  
For even worse, you have caused the biggest divide in history, buttmunch...
it won't change as long as there are still RACES people living in the world.
You've created more hatred.
China China China
Yeah. You're hatred is bringing America together to fight against you.
With you as president, the division gap will only become wider. So yes, it will change. #DonaldTrumpDestroysAMERICA
Actually I have a very happy family, live in a nice city, have great friends& fantastic business associates #happyworld You're the angry 1
it really won't
REALLY???????
not with you in office.
If I were your mom, I'd take away your Twitter. If I didn't abort you.
his most to be change god bless you
everything bad you wish on others will come back to you tenfold. Smh
Awesome! Then we can expect Orange Hitler to drop dead any minute. Yay! 
#NeverOurPresident
#IllegitTwit
Dude, nobody believes anything you say anymore. Just resign so we can get in w our lives! 
#NeverOurPresident 
#IllegitTwit
the only one in charge of your life is YOU
change how?
you have done nothing but divide the American people  even more than they were
the hatred is deep because we HATE YOU
More alternative facts
you created these problems.
Yes I believe that it will be all change in the future.
How will you unite our country? What are your plans to create unity among all people of the USA? Would you support Truth & Reconciliation wk
or what?  The beatings will continue?
Yup it's changed we all want you impeached in the first 5 days.
YOU ARE THE HATE!! We do not want you! You are #illegitimate
and if it doesn't?  If you want it, be the change, Donald. It has to stop coming from you first. You're our leader now.
Nope, @realDonaldTrump. WRONG again.
America + the world are united in our hatred of you.
#unFit #unPOTUS #Corrupt #Traitor #PutinsBitch
Then don't request voter fraud investigation.  Enough taxpayers money being wasted!!
IT WILL CHANGE, WHEN YOU ARE GONE.
it's already changing thank you
not with you at the helm you absolute donkey. All you spew is hatred and you're already creating legislation to divide
the MAJORITY OF AMERICANS HATE YOU! Maybe our hatred towards YOU will unite us to get rid of YOU and your cronies!
you are the reason it's even more divided! I suggest some mental counseling to deal with your refusal to live in reality!
you are the reason for the hate and divide
not likely with you in charge
it's divided cause of u
ets much worse later on rich people doesn,t deserve to eat steak n lobster while poor people n others n foreign lands r
n our deep hatred for u will never change for lets all rise up against this phony n fake president n stop him now for its g
the white house with help from Conway n putin bad for business all around
n just to let u know Obama did have more people then u did its a common fact how a man with conflicts of interests can buy
fail miserable n everything u do n say vote for democrats for they have a good plan to lead our country n our way of life
lets make one thing crystal clear ur not n furthermore our president n never will be ur never be a barrack Obama n u will
us all the heavy embarrassment later
this is why Obama was a good president n trump is a joke of a man a president n our way of life impeach urself now n save
e news then the facts the real fake is trump n Conway or as I call her the snake n heels with a bad vitamin d deficiency
his comedy response team a bunch of jokers trying to play politics that's ashamed how repubilicans spend much time on fak
its gets much worse the pipeline is dead like his hair n to put that on sacred ground is foolish n stupid just like his
to hurt our country n our way of way of life Donald trump is a big blowhard n needs to sit down n impeach himself before
u sparked hatred n this country aswell as great division n our democratic n civil rights process wanting rich people
it will change when your in chains or out of office.
u r a liar
#ThisIsUs please close your account, u r opening the door for everyday fear
Congratulations Mr. president you already divided the country moew than any other president in the 21st century.
You are a liar.  You don't respect people as a whole.  You're campaign was built  hunger for popularity
Yes it will, given that most of our hatred is now united toward YOU.
3rd Grade Spoken Word
because you are about to make it so much worse, hunty.
it will change for whom? whispers** white men
FAKE NEWS
my hubby and I feel so blessed you are POUS.  Your cabinet pick also
are you going to start disappearing people like your mancrush does?
Lmfao. If you change it - it will be for the worse!
I  have a vet who's in real need of help. He and his girlfriend have no water and tomorrow they will have no lights. Please help them!
You're only continuing the divide, hate, and anger. Good luck improving it with a racist, misogynous cabinet.
yeah, it will change, with you in office it will change by getting much, much worse
good job
Yes when America stops lying and recognizing those who built it. The Jews damn sure didnt but they are compensated though.
Hope so...
when will you meet with health insurance executives? My health insurance was $900 a month 5 years ago. It is now $2000 a mo
we are uniting against you. You are bringing us together in solidarity to stop you. Thank you
euuuuh t légèrement hypocrite!!!!! Mdr lol
You are the hater-in-chief.  It won't change until you do.  Look up empathy and compassion.
Romans 13:2 Therefore whoever resists governmental authority resists the ordinance of God//resisting bring judgment/penalty on themselves.
Romans 13:1 Let every person be subject to the governing authorities--those which exist have been put in place by God.
Americans for America! Every American is equal! We are with you and president just keep your word
stop tweeting; as Mark Twain said "better to let people think you're a fool than open your mouth and prove them right"
#GodBlessAmerica
its only going to get worse
why are you leaving office?
The Pope is trying to turn the world against you Trump because he doesn't want a free America but an NWO with him as God.
The Catholics killed more Christians than the Nazi's ever did how come the Catholic church is allowed back in power?
The Catholic church worships Isis Horus and Osiris not the Virgin Mary God and Jesus Christ as so many of the Goyem think.
You should start out by telling the creepy POPE to keep his overly self righteous BS to himself he  flames the hatred.
Respect for the Poor,Women and People who are not White is essential for hatred and violence to end.
