Ignorance is no excuse of the law.If I squat at someones home while they're on vacation,should my kids get to stay when they return?
If you rob a bank a give the money to your children, do you think that the FBI will let them keep it. #NotTheirFault
That's a better http://analogy.LOL 
Thank you. They are taking resources away from those that deserve them. Mexico should be taking care of their own dreamers.
They say they contribute so much to our society,how hard working & good they are.Well go make Mexico great again or wherever you came from.
We csn import all of the brainacs we bee from India. We have plenty of unskilled, uneducated people here that need welfare and stamps cut.
The truth is they don't work harder than Americans.They work for less.They have taken over the kitchens in Atlantic City& all speak Spanish.
It is across the nation. Vegas is eaten up with them and construction across the nation is full of them.
They had eight years to do something.  They were to busy getting benefits on us taxpayers.  Keep your promises lets go forward start deportinging.  When illegals are plave over americans and troops they need to go.
If they remain here illegally as adults, the fault now IS their own. Yet instead of doing right, they demand to be excused for their defiance, refusing to get in line w/ everyone else. They want ANOTHER, special, easier "pathway." We MUST NOT do this.
What do we do with them? I mean, where do we drop them off in Mexico? Some arbitrary place? And what do we do with their possessions they can't take with them if we dump them off someplace they don't recall being, let alone know anyone? Do we just keep all their stuff?
Whatever the law and administrative procedure stipulates. But not all illegal immigrants are citizens of Mexico.
They have been in our country many years, why didn't they start their paperwork to stay? That tells me these people are not responsible and want everything handed to them via Democrats. No initiative!
#SchumerShutdown  #SchumerShutdown
What does that have to do with it? These people are productive citizens not criminals you dope
Emotional manipulation DNC talking points to argue ignorance IS an excuse for lawlessness.Without laws & borders we don't have a country.
By giving pathway to citizenship, you will have opened the floodgate for more illegals.  The wall is not going to get done anytime soon.  This is at the expense of American citizens!  You will be making a UUUUUGE mistake!
Dec 17th,
2017 the daca burned our american flag ehile wearing a mexico flag.  Doesnt that tell you something.  Deport and now.  We the people dont wNt them in our country to pay for.  1 out of 7 daca will be on medicad.  We pay dearly for our insuranxe and get treated badly .
You went from "The People's Champ" to #AmnestyDon! If you do this, you will be the biggest political fraud of all time!
Do you need a picture to understand what the hell you are doing to your supporters?
#AmnestyDon
He needs Steve Bannon to wake him up.

Leave them alone, unless Melania is being deported as well
So who are you having an affair with now 
Ivanka?
Kellyanne?
Melania's double ?
Jerod ?
 

No, we don't. Why would you torpedo a deal that protected them and kept the government working? Why?
Mr. President, please don't cave to pressure.  You can't give lawbreakers citizenship/voting privileges.  They'll all vote Democrat which will reverse all the good you did.  The future of US will be history.
Many days, I feel as if I'm in Mexico, not hearing a word of English while I'm out. It's heartbreaking.
You can't compromise with lawlessness!  Please be brave and stand your ground and keep your campaign promises.  You might not be able to send them back, but neither can you reward them with citizenship.
trump is clear. america n americans first. its ok to fix daca, but not to the detriment, pain, n suffering of the american ppl.
Good lord you don't even know what your own position is

Shame on u Trump 4 giving in to dem extortion on an e.o.  Americans have dreams too.
I wish you’d go way way way far away.
This is where we disagree mr. President we are a nation of laws, if we do not enforce our laws what are we???
@BillKristol A tweet for every occasion.
We are a nation of laws which must be followed.  You will be far more respected if you stand up for what is right!  The Democrats are trying to buy future votes, don't you see?  I have been and am praying for you.
#NoDACA
You have no clue, do you?
Dreamers are not legal, have no legal status, so how can any of them be in the military,you need to be a legal resident to join the military
Yep
Send Obama to prison for letting evil people in our country. When is 'offend' a legal term???
Obama deported more folks than any previous president.
I am a dancing senior citizen hippie pro choice, pro LGBTQ, pro #BLM, and I am sure Donald Trump is a #WhiteSupremacist #NaziBucketChallenge
My sister!
Last minute attempts to score points with easily-flattered Dem Senators pre-Mueller. Might work. Listen to #shumer's open mic.
Do they help to make america great again?....@ http://kiliedutravel.com/packages.html 
yeah bitch, they do. 
what have YOU done to “make america great again”?
You have to build the WALL to get re-elected in 2020! Chuck and Nancy will screw you with a smile on their wrinkled faces. Trust no one!
you still cant find the argument for Democrats to authorize your stupid wall. youfeel hurt your ego because youhave been a mediocrepresident
Wall funding must be part of #daca legislation or you're making biggest mistake of early presidency - don't cave - they are illegals
#NOAMNESTY
Breaking our laws, not acceptable. Getting freebies off Americans backs,WRONG! Why can't my kid get free college, health care, etc etc
I just got whip lash from your reversal.
It does not matter, Mr. President. This is lawlessness amnesty. You promised to help Americans. Stop negotiating with Democrats.
Mummy from Scotland sucked Trumpie the Clown's Cock and made him a monster. He thinks he's GodZilla Ha!
I think Alzheimer's has kicked in cause its you that wants to kick them out! The Jedi mind trick isn't real dummy! #SCROTUS #TickTock
They have no right to be here using our resources and dropping anchor babies that will be an extra burden on the American taxpayer
I broke the law as a child too, I was still tried as a fucking adult.  NO DACA without the wall.  Dems are LIARS, do not trust them!!!
THEY HAVE BEEN HERE WITH OR WITHOUT THEIR PARENTS ILLEGALLY. SUPPORTED EVERY STEP OF WAY BY OUR MONEY!
Throw them out! Every last one of them! That's why we voted for you. Do not stab us in the back.
Too bad ... must suffer the sins & go back to their homeland where they belong!They give USA the finger & fly the Mexican flag and burn 
Agree
The parents should have thought about that before bringing the children! Bad choices have repercussions, including you
Schumer & Peolosi are sucking you in, if DEMs win the #House in 2018, they'll #impeach U! They DON'T Like U, are USING U. #NoDaca #NoAmnesty
OK w/ DACA but it shouldn't reward those (the parents) who brought kids in illegally in the first place.
like yo mamma n yo wife?
True, many didn't willfully break the law. But that doesn't mean they should reap benefits from their parents' misdeeds. #DACA #EndDACA
AMEN. LET THEM SHOW THEIR SORRY PARENTS HOW IT'S DONE. THEY WERE NOT SUFFERING MORE THAN US WE WANT  OUT COUNTRY BACK

WHAT border security? WHY didn't Schumer/Pelosi come out say WE AGREED TO FUND THE WALL in EXCHANGE for DACA? They said NO WALL!! DESPICABLE
IT'S SAD THAT MEXICO AND CENTRAL AMERICA ARE TOTAL PIECES OF SHIT! BUT THAT'S EXACTLY WHY WE CANNOT LET THEIR ENTIRE POPULATION MOVE HERE!
Wether the were brought by their parents they still aren't citizens. They should go back to the country their parents came from
BUT IT IS NOT OUR RESPONSIBILITY!!! They all need to return to their home countries and apply for LEGAL entry!
Im begging you not to make this deal with the Devil.  PLZ DON'T DESTROY OUR MOVEMENT
Foreigners are coming here and dems r turning them against the country and its ppl and using them to destroy the America we love.
Their parents can take them back home. #NoExcuses
Dont lie ,  you are going to kick them out ... Let your brain work potus
Obamacare started with this same "compassion" argument but that did not make it the right thing to do.
Obama did not vet them and lots do not meet that description. No Amnesty for law breakers!
I agree with law breakers  100%
COMPROMISE is what kills every politician.  Every politician sells out their ppl this way. We thought you were better +tougher than them.
People r concernd about what U want for the DREAMERS.  (Oh, how  many foreign workers did U personally hire the past week or so?)
It's hilarious and pathetic how bad you need people to like you. No principles whatsoever, just narcissism. Sad!
Are you just now learning what DACA is?
I have no sympathy for illegals, they're not our responsibility. I care about American dreamers and our countries future. Build a wall!
start crying like bohner and ryan NO!!!! OUT!!!!!! NOW!!!!
Sadly the country they came from would toss you out in an instant. What laws do you feel I should be able to obey? Not the tax ones I hope.
No. Send them home with their parent like you promised.  Wall first. We have supported you now support us. Americans first.
No special benefits.  Tired of illegals ("kids" or not) taking resources away from American kids.
through fault of gov. You gonna keep it that way? Better not.
Our guys died in battle through no fault of their  own.   Life is tough,  They  can come back..... legally.
I agree but not their Aunties, Uncles, Cousins and Friends.  I think they should be thankful.
Flip-flop
problem with someone coming here illigally. Staying here illegally 10/20 years, then thinking they have a right to protest being deported.
Wow. I know you didn't figure that out. Who told you?
Read Breitbart News. Read the American people's comments. No more taxes from us. Resign now.
And enforce existing law. Shame, everything has to go to courts and judges who wear robes, pretending to be judges on behalf of our country.

hehehe  Coulter wrote a book Trump we trust, now she wants to impeach!
Because yr supporters love u so much, a betrayal of this kind will cut them to the quick, they will be worse than a jilted lover
Asl
Must build the wall!
Make them go through the process to become citizens, just like all immigrants do
Are you having a twitter war with yourself?
They were brought here ILLEGALLY! We must stand firm against the use of anchor babies by illegals!
. With all due respect Sir.  WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!!!!   
Illegal=Illegal! Americans R NOT responsible 4those young adults cleverly called "DACA Kids"...DEPORT! #EnforceImmigratiomLaws amnesty!
Just like your grand parents, or your parents maybe.
Send them home!!!!
Some have come as teenage gang members wake up @POTUS!
This is javanka narrative and a back peddle. Go ahead and keep those military dreamers...all 6 of them. Send the rest back.
Then just leave the Dreamers alone. Don't leave them in limbo to use as political leverage. That is inhumane.
They are STILL ILLEGAL. Don't break your promise. Don't listen to Ivanka & Jared. END DACA NOW. Choose wisely
Truth is it's more beneficial to be here as a illegal immigrant free medical ,school grants, food and housing while still demanding more .
If you don't apply the law to these Dreamers, your base will evaporate.
Mr. Sympathizer cry us a river
First act of a dreamer should not be a part of breaking our nation's laws go back and come back legally.  Dreams are not exclusive to USA
NO!!  Can it be any clearer that that?  That is not what you promised and not what I voted for!! NO NO NO NO
If these people are living and working here do they believe in the Constitution do they stand for American values do they stand for the wall
Sounds like a parable from Matthew  the unrepentant debtor
Half a mil hostile Indians couldn't hold back the tide of settlers in 19th Century! 10,000 agents won't hold back 600 MIL!
Who took his phone?  He needs to report it lost or stolen so he's not charged for any minutes, texts, tweets, etc.
TOO BAD, SEND THEM PACKING!.. SO SICK OF THE LEFTY EXCUSES, GET THEM OUT!. Daca, AMERICAS NIGHTMARE!
I don't care they have to go back
Sorry but many American children suffer for the criminal acts of their parents! Amnesty is a slap in the face to all legal immigrants !
So what you are saying is they are pawns so you can get a wall? Is this how slimy businessmen do business? Or politicians?
Not entirely accurate.  Many of these youth came alone! Many have abandoned their education and now use DACA injustice to work in US. #No
They came alone to join up with more of their kind to take us over. WE will handle it if gov cant.i promise all of you.
How many of these 800,000 dreamers are also criminals, rapists and gang member?  What happened to putting American citizens safety first?
Hit NK now, hard, and fast Mr Comander in Chief!
Thirty years of political history should inform supporters of comprehensive immigration is dependent of border security first!
So what?
No wall, no deal
Get in line for citizenship.  No amnesty.
Have supported you since day one! Went to rallies, gave money, and campaigned for you. Please don't betray us, and the ANGEL  MOMS!!!!!!
These scumbags need to be deported. These aren't helpless children. Median age is 23!
Thank u! I'm FLABBERGASTED this is even AN ISSUE...WTF????
But NO citizenship and when will you discontinue citizenship for babies born here to non citizens?  Keep families together-deport all.
NO EXCUSES
NO DACA
NO AMNESTY
DEPORT DEPORT DEPORT DEPORT DEPORT DEPORT DEPORT DEPORT DEPORT DEPORT DEPORT DEPORT DEPORT DEPORT DEPORT
If my parents broke the law they'd be taken & I  "through no fault of my own" wld suffer the consequences of THEIR actions! So should they!
The democrats are playing you, if you don't get the Wall now, it will never happen.
SPLC+ADL are terrorist organizations that incite ppl against Christians
Build the wall stop the drugs gangs crime violence end Daca. They have had five years enough is enough. My tax are 4 citizens
hey boss you promised us a wall,plus we the people want you to deport theses people
Who's fault was it I was born in America? That I didn't get a free education because my parents followed the law? Huh...
Omg you hurt my head. You flip-flop more than a fish out of water 
Not there fault it's there parents fault so they can blame them and stop demanding from American citizens benifits and free bees
Obama enciuraged this process and he should host a few million on his island!
#LetDreamersBuildTheWall

DACA must end! If u even consider letting them stay-must re-pay 4 edu, health care & welfare via loans, community service, joining military.
Then put their parents in jail if they sign up for DACA.  They will want to sponsor them and that is just WRONG.
Mr. President, I have been very proud since you have been our President for the people and our country.Don't go soft on DACA=you will lose.
Please don't forget all the victims of illegals crimes, victims of murder. Their blood spilt due to unconstitutional order and open borders
The ratio of illegals to citizens isn't the point its the fact that they have committed these crimes while unlawfully entering the country
That's what I said, don't forget because these families are counting on results
When our electric was shut off for non-payment, I wasn't allowed - as a child - to bypass and have electricity. We all sat in the dark.
What is your problem with the immigrants . Where did your ancestors come from.
Who will stand up for the American ppl who are being abused by this zionist govt.?
They are illegal aliens. Liberals are pleased to destroy the middle class. You have to stop them, Mr President.
they need to go make their own country great again.
You have gone off the fucking rails dude.
Amnesty Don
Keep your campaign promise and deport daca.
YOU STAND FOR LAW OR YOU STAND AGAINST IT!... WHICH??? AND STOP THEM FROM DETETING ANY MORE PROOF OF OUR HISTORY... NOW!.. NOW SHARIA!
Unfair to real Americans! What about the hopes and dreams that are lost when those "dreamers" get college and jobs that my child should?
Deport the parents that are still here
You had me thinking something might actually happen, nothing more than than a swamp fixture.  So disgusted with you and your lies.  Adios!
Sounds like you're talking about Obama been here for many years brought in by his grandparents
kick them out. When the media says something good about somethingyou have done ,you can be sure it's bad for the country
Keep your promise get rid od DACA !!!! America first and BUILD A BIG BEAUTIFUL WALL !!!
Nothing but demoncrats!
Then deport the illegal parents that brought them in!
So called president flip flopping? Confused?
It sounds like an Obama policy.
THIS COUNTRY IS ALREADY GOING TO HELL IN A BASKET OF LAWLESSNESS / EVIL..+ YOU CRYING FOR THEM>  IF THEY BROKE INTO UR HOME.. TOOK UR JOB?
Still Illegals . Illegal means illegal . Deport them all
And if I rob a bank and give the money to my daughter and she has no nothing to do with it, does she get to keep the money?
You sound like a democrat Mr. President. You totally undercut Paul Ryan and your party with this deal.
Unfortunately your family made it here.
Donald Trump Nigeria president is killing innocent Christians now in Eastern part of Nigeria
All I can say is no border wall no second term. No health reform no second term. No tax reform no second term
Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat? What's the catch orange clown?
Brainwash divide-and-conquer this is the Communists trademark. SEARCH MITCH MCCONNELL COMMUNIST CONNECTION SCROLL TWO TOPIX THEN TO TUMBLR
Stop twisting in the wind!  Send them home and THEN let them apply for visas until they go through proper channels!  We don't want slackers!
Congratulations bec u want to give amnesty word is out and now illegal border crossing is now up 22% more illegals less jobs low wages stay
Excellent tweet and so very true. Dispicable and and campaign promise Broken. Trump Train Rolls on MAGA
Yes it rolls but he needs his whole base and if amnesty is given gave his base leaves and he's done in 2020
Excellent tweet and spot on. I'm of the same opinion. We'll look for a new Champion if necessary. Trump Train Rolls on MAGA
Exactly any amnesty he's like read my lips no new taxes bush  a one term president . Half base is pissed
