It's amazing how many trade conversations you have yet nothing ever comes from it as most of the world sees you as a waste of space.
Please get rid of Paul Ryan and put Muslim brotherhood on top of terrist lit ASAP PLEASE YOU KNOW WE'RE GOING TO CIVIL WAR BRING OUR TROOP H
Praying that God will give you favor with all leaders and protection.

keep up the good work Mr. President I'm so proud your my president May God keep you strong and healthy forever 
People are all idiots gnuet a grip is your president
Lies
Love u Mr. President keep on keeping on 
Sounds like you are on track to ramping the country up economically.  Keep up the good work, Mr. President!
Did you mention #BokNal #stopeatingcatsanddogs #BoycottPyeongChang2018
#PresidentTrump these #dogs REALLY need your #help 
You doing a grest job boss
Great, hope South Korea is a real friend of USA for protecting human rights.
How about that plan to defeat isis?? What woman r u gonna degrade via social media? #Trumpisapig
Twitter must really love you trump!!!!!
Too damn late to act like "so called" President after pathetic, mean,embarrassing,fact challenged #TrumpTweets before&after "election." #sad
why you're so afraid to visit subcontinent?
MAGA ,THANK YOU
#nutjob this guy is.
Great President Trump 

If you can't see and understand what have been already done I guess your waiting will be long and sad!
Why wait ? Jump ! 
And it was all overshadowed by your immature, hateful tweets! You are your own worst enemy!
Did you insult any women's faces?
Did you make any more nicknames for US Senators but call Jong-un a "tough cookie"?
Did you tell him how little you know about health care but have a "great surprise" for Americans?
You are not good at your job. You have no Emmys, your approval rating is 36% and Hillary won the popular vote.

Go back to bed.
Get over it.
Keep your tweeting up. We love hearing directly from you!
I will say that Trump's tweets are the best part of his presidency.

Did you discuss facelifts and/or bleeding?
You are a disgrace.
Says the guy who takes the time out of the day to replay to literally every Trump tweet.
Trumps supporters, like himself, can't spell #2ndgradeeducation
To make them stop. You are making it ok for others and yourself to hurt and put down others. You are encouraging the hate crimes in this
Guys 71 years old and works 18 hours a day. Incredible.
You didnt embarrass us again did you ?
Good job..great. Now, apologize for the tweet to Mika and move back to your agenda. Someone screen your tweets to avoid future mistakes
Same time CT schools were cultivated as victim predators w denatured America; uncharged medical corruption w psy+tied courts/branches breach
More fake news.

.@realdonaldtrump
Take Kim Jong down!!! #MAGA
Did you tell him your repealing obomo/RINOcare ????
Idiot!
Dear @POTUS,
Thank you for bringing my uncle's remains home from North Korea. Corporal Leslie Royal Sutton went missing in action in 1950.
Thank you #POTUS
Did you remember to scratch donnys balls today??
You do realize no one takes you seriously right? #imposter!
You go Dude Leader of the Free World. Live up to the dignity of your position now please!
God Bless Trump and the USA 
WE LOVE U PRESIDET DJT MAGA
Great! There is a lot of potential for trade with as Korea.
MILITARY will be nothing when all are too sick or have asd. 3x/10yr rate increase. 1/68 in 2010. U'LL have no military Mr. Trump.
Did you tell him he has a low IQ?
Don't forget to ask them about East and West Korea next time. They might laugh, but just ignore them.
Did you comment on his plastic surgery too?
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 6 Months, 21 Days, 15 Hours, 15 Minutes, and 59 Seconds
I just finished a great meal at @souplantation. So good! The best!
So the media can bully Trump and his family, but the second he fights back he's disgraceful.

These liberal double standards never end.
He made fun of a disabled reporter. That's only one example. He's got plenty of bullying experience.
No he didn't, stop with the lies
Well, it sure looked that way to me.
That is the fake news you watch.
I was watching Trump do it. How did they fake that? Is there a stunt Trump?
He used similar impressions on other people at his campaign.
Not impressions, that would imply comedy.  He uses his status to make fun of people he doesn't like. He is a bully by definition.
How many women did you insult? Did you at least have cake? Oh wait they passed a bill today that limits your powers to start a war
The best part is, Donny is the worst of them all. His kids never stood a chance
Look at those handsome young men. The two on the right. Diana's boys
The other two look like Gary buseys knuckle children
Just finished a very good meeting with the President of South Korea. Many subjects discussed including North Korea and n...
Just waiting for blunder #4yearsofstupid
I thought where staying in America last I heard Korea is not USA
I almost lmao off... try not watch so much news it will make u crazy
Well my friend I wish we could laugh our asses off. Unless we are in music videos. Then 50 pounds on ass is good I guess.
Trump is again making a fool of himself. Idk what USA is going to do. Have a sit down with the toddler?
Mr. President please fix Social Security we are getting ripped off
I would love to come and visit you at the White House
Big daddy trump woot woot. So glad I'm on the trump train. Look out bitches
If you didn't discuss North Korea then you would be in la la land.  Durh!
We are allowing the president of the US to behave in a manner we teach our children not to behave. Let this sink in.
Best you keep your sticky beak out of #NorthKorea's biz Donald, they can actually fight back.
South Korea can NEVER trust the U.S. while Trump is the #FakePresident
"Many subjects discussed."  #Winning
Tell him Mo
Thank you for all you are doing.
The president of South Korea was embarrassed to be on camera with you.
Did you happen to discuss what a horrible person you are?  Worst POTUS ever!  And your fake hair, pls set that creature free.  #fakehair45
What happened to #jobsforAmericas Donny!
You were treated with complete disrespect from the blood hounds up to and including knocking over a table.  These idiots are not indicative
Have you apologized to Mika. Now we know why NY's society didn't like you: too crass an vulgar
um... that wasn't the President of South Korea. You were watching M*A*S*H* and doing your whole suspension of reality thing
You are unfit, unwell, unstable, uninformed, and more n more Unhinged. Get help; get out.
Keep up your awesome work for the American people, President Trump!  We appreciate you!!
We hope America and South Korea become a good friend.
Maybe he skipped the #presidenting4dummies brief where they taught that trade deals are part broader international diplomacy
He's prob wondering how this idiot, @realDonaldTrump, got elected...hmmm. to Russia with love Donald?
Was the fate of esports discussed or nah
So when can we expect Trump towers, Seoul? Did you talk about anything else? Was Ivanka called to wiggle her butt for the president?
And the free world nations calls on the U.S. to implement sanctions and demand the "Russian Regime chooses a better path"
I just had a good meeting too we discussed N. K. , Brexit, trade, and abusive tweets nothing will come from that either.
Please keep your mind on business and don't stoop to the low of the far left.
Why don't you act like our president and help us foster children you moves us around like we have no say in what happens to us
A trade deal with North Korea Donald?
That's a drastic change in policy
Yay for you! #StaySimple
Really, u think world leaders takes u seriously! U hv made a fool of urself & r running the office of the President into the ground! RESIGN
Disappointed you cldnt commit to MOAB Kim..the boy is a threat to US


Bs you could pay attention long enough to accomplish anything. You're a joke
Did u listen?Did u grab anything? Was there a blonde lady in the room. Did u tape the convo? Did u insult him? Did u hold his hand. Any lies
Did you use your big beautiful words my little Trumpkin??
I'm sure. No one is paying attention to this meeting. People are reading your Tweet about Mika. She scaring you, LIttle Donnie?
#TrumpOnlyTweetsFakeNews
#RepealNOTreplace obamaCRAP get the hell out of my insurance! Fix selling ins across state lines, let medicare bargain drug prices etc!
he's laughing at you
Shut up and slither away. You are ruining us!
Great trade deal? How many Ivanka's shoes did you sell?
What was the conversation?
NK & sanctions
All for sanctions, need to impose more on Russia also.
Mr. President I was wondering why the House, Senate, Supreme court get all these long vacation but people paying their salary don't. Unfair
By selling weapons to Taiwan at this time, South Korea must be disturbed as this agitated China!
you fool
We want Legislation g'teeing no state has to contribute to Fed Spending such that it gets back less than 100 cents for each $1 it pays?
Don't trust this guy!
USA brought low by tiny nation?
Stay focused on national priorities, please Mr. President.
Discretion is the better part of valor!
Did you tell him about the chocolate cake too? Marie Antoinette, I mean @realDonaldTrump, #letthemeatcake
Did you give away sensitive submarine information like you did last time?

#TrumpUnfitToGovern
#MentallyIllTrump
#TraitorTrumps
#TrumpRussia
You speak Korean?
Give me a break. You discussed the election and Russia. That is all you talk about.
Korean people without words, be sure to be careful! There is a leg in the world
President Obama best president ever. What a man of class and always acted presidential. The world is missing that.
When will you attack north Korea?
You have absolutely no diplomatic skills!
Both Hong Kong and Incheon Airports are masterpieces of civil engineering.
NOBODY CARES WHAT YOU SAY ,,YOU ARE THE BIGGEST DISGRACE IN THE WORLD
did you also bring up the #HealthcareBill while you were meeting with him? #loserinchief
Too bad the deal stinks for usa .
LIAR. Right now they counting the concessions you gave them
Did he leave with orange dust on his lips?
Need to put back missile defense system or we take our troops out and NK can have SK
Seems like noone here is interested in the meeting btwn the 2 prez.By the way, anyone here knows where S.Korea is located in the planet？
Didn't they wonder why you'd spend time badmouthing a morning talk show host?
I heard  Mika & Joe are using aliens to kidnapp kids. Per Alex Jones.
I'll bet you didn't grab him by the pussy. 
Donald, can you even find South Korea on a map?
Sir I know the press and the Dems are doing everything they can to stop you don't tweet anything see what happens you're a great president
Resign!
Who?
http://internationaljob.online/?share=3266  EARN!
Is it one you came up with this time or one Obama made previously #imadeabigdealwithsaudia
Oh, you're working? Huh, who would've thought?
Praying for you President Trump!
I am sure you screwed it up somehow. Did you ogle his wife?
And they are not paying for the Missile Shield! Maybe Mexico will pay for it?
Hey so wen does the war start?
Hey fake Pres., showing your borderline behavior. Kiss-kiss for So. Korea, bonding over THAAD, no more cake for Pres. Xi
Thank you.  You and your team represent our interests well
Great. Now another leader hates us. The new Prez of S Korea should tell him what happened to the last 1. Im sure hes unaware.
Doing a "MAGA" job!  Thanks.
Thanks for your work. Did you bring back some Korean food?
Awaiting North Korea's report on meeting. @POTUS lies too much. #LiarInChief #TREASON #ImpeachTrumpNOW #PutinPuppet #TrumpCareKills
Just stop already!
In this case, diplomacy will not work. The harshest sanctions are the way forward. We must force China to clampdown sanctions, as well.
This is A-1 boring shit, even to your brainless supporters.
When does the new golf course open? That's all you're good at & you have to cheat then, too!
fake news
How's his arm?  Or did you suffocate him in a bear hug?
Bring the best negotiaters and win big.
do you know any other adjectives ( describing words) other than 'good' and 'great'?
.@realDonaldTrump - Yes, "very good meeting" from YOUR delusional perspective, embarrassing from Moon's! Another attack on our allies! SAD!
How much money does your family owe them Tangerine Traitor Trump?
We keep bts so they don't go into the military?
He hates you too..
Oh, GREATYou can kill all the people who voted 4 you! This would get rid of the MINERS, the ELDERLY  and people YOU REALLY HATE: DISABLED
Drumpf is the Liar in cheep
Can't wait to hear the BS. You are so easy to bait.  Talk about a round peg in a square hole.  Not fit to be president
You are not smart enough to deal with the N. Korea situation.
I'll bet that went well because the president of South Korea knows a psychotic leader when he sees one. #resist #ImpeachTrump
Duh!
Your presidency will be remembered by your low and vulgar tweets!
