Sick is selling out your country to an enemy so you can make yourself and friends rich. (& ur a shit father.)
No. Would you like to see yours hung? https://twitter.com/ALT_uscis/status/869939540428902400 …
These were random stunts by white supremacists and random people. Kathy Griffin is a celebrity who works for CNN. There's a difference.
Nugent. James Woods. Mike Huckabee. Learn your recent history.
Yeah, well, Donald Trump didn't commit treason. You cannot justify what Kathy Griffin did. If she didn't work for Clown News Network, it'd
Deflection.
The amount of hypocrisy dripping from this tweet is astounding. You're the worst role model Barron could have asked or wished for. #resist
Donald Trump is a disgusting and embarrassing man and is being ridiculed by all of the other world leaders & his ego won't let him see it!
Being anti-Trump isn't being pro Hillary. She lost. Who cares? Why can't we want the pres we got to step up?!
And who are you getting your information from? I'd like to know of ONE source that says this man is doing anything for you or me? I'll wait.
Sorry pal you are sick!! As someone who voted for you.... I hope to see you impeached before your first term is up!!
A Tweet I got from one of his Followers this morning...
Let one of the radicals who praise him come knocking on my door...... Promise they lose that fight!
Thank you, Michael. Trust me, I am not afraid either. Don't test me people...you will not like the outcome.
@MichaelCohen212 hey donnie how come your kids don't look like you?
I applaud her at least someone said it!
Nothing sick about that. Show ya taxes, sick that you haven't you unethical piece of wasted space.
WE GOT YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP Signed Faithful Deplorable 
EVERYONE ANYWHERE YOU SEE DISTAIN LIKE THIS AGAINST TRUMP RIP THEIR SPONSORS AWAY
#KathyGriffin try that in N.Korea and you, your family and friends woud have disappeared by now. I am sorry @POTUS that Barron saw this filt
Does it bother your children when they kill innocent animals for fun. Murder. Sick!
@FLOTUS ...is ur son having a hard time also with his dad oogle at pre teen girls naked back stage at pageants?  HIS WORDS TO DJ......
So sorry this crazy woman did that. I'm sure she's not ashamed, she's lost it.
Yeah it was out of line, but where was this tweet about the Obama girls when right wing  posted all the vile stuff about their father?
There shld be no 'but'. Her actions were absurd. Adding the 'but' so and so did worse' is a favorite tactic from the GOP. Be better
Covfefe
Y'all know Trump did that on purpose right?  He's trolling the trolls and laughing at your reaction.
Bullshit and you know it..Covfefe on my man , Covfefe on
Clever is the word you're looking for I believe
The guy used this very strategy to get into the White House.  How can you not see it?  Alright man keep feelin' the bern or being with her.
Kathy Griffin was obviously using freedom of speech, unfortunate as it was. It just shows the anger people have towards @realDonaldTrump
So sad. Prayers for our president and our country.
a piece of advice,protect your loved ones better by never ever using them for political gain like u just did. It objectifies them.
Why aren't you ashamed of yourself? Your son will grow up to be ashamed of what you have done to this country.
You're not concerned with Barron or @IvankaTrump 's kids' future to breathe clean air and drink un-poisoned water.  #TrumpKillsEarth
Donnie, did you tell Barron about your love of very young girls and what you like to do to women? You are one very sick puppy? #Impeach45
Is Barron OK with your charming pussy grabbing tactics televised to the WORLD? 
Or the naked pictures of his mother all over the Internet?
Yes it was wrong of her but she apologized maybe you should learn from her. Your actions have caused people to physically hurt others.
Yes, that's what is giving your son a hard time
It's a picture get over it asshat.  Why is Barron looking at her stuff anyway? Bad paren. Bad. Wrong. You should be ashamed. Terrible Dad.
Why are the Secret Service doing their job? Do this to a policeman, you would spend time in prison. Doesn't our president deserve better?
nobody likes you
Oh come one, you never looked better.
Barron is having a hard time ........ BULLSHIT !
She should be arrested.!
@POTUS You should be ashamed of your decision on #ParisAccord Way to destroy America.
He doesn't find inappropriate photos of you & sister disturbing because he thinks that behavior is nirmal
You probably should spend more time with your son. He loves you and misses you.
So Sorry that your Family has to Endure All this slander and EVILNESS...
I'm On your SIDE Mr. PRESIDENT! :)
GOD BLESS U & PROTECT U AND FAM.
she had to do something as her career was dying a slow death
her motivation
its probably nothing personal
its amazing what people do 4 money
Your children are not the only ones who have a problem with this.  I'm a physician and the sight of the posted photo made me nauseous!
You can fix her by just grabbing her by the pussy, can't you? I mean you're famous after all.
Hollywood especially D list actors like Kathy Griffin  need to shut their mouths because we don't really care what you think
@kathygriffin should be ashamed of herself. My children, especially my 11 year old son, Barron, are having a hard time with this(Sick)#trump
#DonaldTrump 

 @HowardStern @sternshow 

@realDonaldTrump #Trump #MAGA
#ThursdayThoughts #Covfefe #codecon
Okay I will pass it on to the @sternshow I do not @stalkcelebs_ as I am one myself @kathygriffin @SteveVirginMan @baseballhall @PeteRose_14
Hillary will NEVER be insignificant. 
Too late.
Who cares about poor Barron. Did you care about the Obama girls when people wee burning effigies of their father?
That's how parents all over the USA felt about explaining your "grab em by the pussy" comment. Grow up. Humor is how people process stress.
U mean the private convo that the MSM and HRC played over & over for kids to hear? Oh yes, I remember that one on during dinner.
Funny how you blame someone else for something that came out of his mouth...
Has nothing to do with what he said...he is to blame for that (no brainer) BUT it was a PRIVATE convo. he had that the MSM & HRC chose to *1
What you talk about reveals what you think about. It is more revealing that is who he is in private. Media was doing its job; to reveal.
Incase you haven't seen it, 50 Shades of Gray was an EXCELLENT movie...both of them. I highly recommend you go see it.
That explains a lot. I understand you now.
Between severed elephant tails & dead zebras etc all killed by trumps, w pics, we know you are LYING abt Barron.. He's "savvy", not a baby.
Barron was so traumatized that Trump went golfing!
Poor Barron (sincerely). An obviously fake mask unnerved him but all these terrifying images of MURDER& DEATH don't? Another lie by trumps.
Let's hope not
Kathy is a smart,  over the top,  funny human. You are a petty,jealous, needle dick with tiny hands. 
Resign,  you are going to jail soon
can you imagine how afraid Sasha might have been. https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/politics/secret-service-stumbled-after-gunman-hit-white-house-residence-in-2011/2014/09/27/d176b6ac-442a-11e4-b437-1a7368204804_story.html …
bullets struck the window of the room where she was sleeping I too was afraid for not just her but America
Know what's sick? Invoking sympathy for a son you don't visit b/c the golf you said you'd never have time for is more important than him
Yo @Clubman2721 I didn't vote for either and on neithers side and still think Trump & supporters like you should be burned. @PatrickGman

@POTUS44  made it thru times, & he has 2 daughter's in WH at that time, you're NOT that relevant *45! #TrumpLiesMatter #TheResistance #LIC
Maybe u should spend more time w/ur son instead of tweeting. Ur using him & photo 2 generate sympathy.  We r still focused on #Trumprussia
You can accept her apology if you choose, plz don't expect us to cut her any slack we're on a mission #ThankYouTrump  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Noticed you weren't so concerned about you little boy's well being to go to see him, opting to golf away another weekend.
Truly sorry. Maybe get off the golf course & go comfort him. Wish you were this upset for PBO's kids when their dad was being hung in effigy

My 8-year-old daughter had a hard time understanding why it seems to be OK to say "grab pussy" or mock disabled people. #deplorable45
@RianKing10  I SUPPORT #45 #4TRUMP  # I love Y'all So Much And Your Son And The First Lady. Amen  May God Bless You Y'all
So naturally, you were outraged by people hanging Obama in effigy, and were so concerned for his daughters? Oh, right, that wasn't you.
So why did you golf today instead of spend time with him?
If Kathy had held up Hillary's head instead, you would have invited her to dinner at the WH & the GOP would have made her a keynote speaker
Your double standards are appalling
Do you remember how shamefully you treated the Obama's? You deserve everything you get cupcake. As for Barron, tell him to man up.
Why is no one bringing up that you apparently showed this to your 11 year old son? He didn't just find it on his own.
How about you grabbing women by their pu**y?  Is your 11 year and other children sick by those acts of yours?
Yeah, Barron was SOOOO traumatized that you rushed off to golf!!! #LiarInChief #NeverMyPresident #Impeach45 #TrumpRussia
@RonnieMro Glad to see u immediately went to NYC to tell him Daddy is okay. Hypocrite. Fraud. Traitor. #TrumpRussia
My grandchildren will never be allowed to watch the violence you posted and promoted this morning #25thAmmendment
Were you thinking about how traumatized (bigly word, I know) he was while you were golfing? I've seen better fathers in caskets!
Barron will have a tremendous hard time due to the fact you didn't educate yourself about climate change!
So you should not be worrying about Kathy Griffin and you should be worrying about the good of our country. Man up or step down
Remember when you bragged about assaulting women on tape? Sick!
We care about your children about as you care about the millions you'll deny healthcare and an education.
Amen! People would care about your one child if you had any concern for millions, seeing families ripped apart, babies kicked off healthcare
Just Locker Room art
You don't even know what you are resisting. You can't give me one real example. Way to jump on the band wagon
She should be in a jail cell like everybody else why is she different
Oh I'm sorry that's right the rich they're Above the Law forgive me I'm ignorant
Oh gee whiz you saw that huh cuz
Of course!  I follow you!
Kool
Sorry but are you the same man that insinuated that it wa a good idea to assassinate H Clinton?
Did you care about the Obama girls? Ppl drew Obama hanging did he take to social media no!He had bigger things to worry about as should you!
It was done worse to Obama, but he didn't whine about it.  He's a class act and you??? Well .............America hit an all time low. w/u
So to help Barron deal with the issue you're golfing for the second day in a row??
Barron was so traumatized that you went GOLFING this weekend!  Some father you are!!!   http://www.denverpost.com/2017/06/04/peyton-manning-golfing-president-trump/ …
What she did was sick and uncalled for
What of the 1000's of dark skinned children terrorized by the white supremacists you empowered?
If you cut SSA you will loss a lot of fans. The elderly, disability will die is this you caring about the people, their safety? Is it?
Why don't you "grab her pussy" isn't that what you like to do. Why do comedians have to be politically correct and not our "President"
Really? You defended Ted Nugent threatening to assassinate Obama What about his kids.
Oh boo who!!!He can't handle that his father is an ass!!!! And BTW that was really funny!!!!!
Pretty gentle rebuke, considering she is now playing the victim! Liberal Logic...
I should be ashamed of myself that I support @kathygriffin for what she did. But I'm not. So yeah #kthxbye #ImpeachTrump
I'm having a hard time with the STUPIDITY of your support for the #WarOnDrugs and @jeffsessions
Did you take Barron golfing with you? Spending quality time with him would help tremendously. You weren't too busy for that.
Did you not say on your campaign that you would kill the families of terrorists, and that you love war?
Did you go to the side of your child?  No, you went golfing. Everybody sees through your games.
stand a chance. He has you as a father. we know you were just try to use him so people feel sorry for you.it didn't work
If he lived with you then he would know that you are okay and it was just a joke.
Says the man who offens humanity itself!
You truly don't get it do you? You're a fool! God help our country and its citizens!
you know what's sick watching my mother struggle to work nonstop and still not having enough money to give us a home.
Get real! We all have much bigger worries. You're concerned about Kathy Griffin? Are you an adult?
Then why did you golf this weekend instead of being w your traumatized son?
how about fixing a flawed Child Support system and not taking away from Vets. Our families our hurting
LMAO....billions of people around world are having a hard time with your hatred towards minorities, disabled, veterans and women! Loser
This "horrible" comment is what KG calls bullying. What a whinny snowflake! Welcome to the world of repercussions. Grow up.
And the Clinton family after you urged a 2nd amendment solution for her, pot, kettle. You should be ashamed
If you really cared about Barron's emotional state of being perhaps you shouldn't have spent two days golfing but rather with your child.
Barron must be so proud of you today, do you ever spend time with him, no? Maybe he'll turn out normal as opposed to your other conkids!
A real leader would have reacted more strongly to heroes literally having their throats cut in Portland. But that's just...everyone.

#resign
Sasha Obama 11 y/o. Told dad was Muslim Kenyan terrorist, not born in USA for 8 years by Donald Trump No apology. Sick n twisted shameful
#nevermypresident #IllegitimatePOTUS #TheResistance #ImpeachTrump #TheOpposition #FF #NotMyPresident #UniteBlue
Do you think being a well adjusted adult who tells the truth, is honest & faithful to his wife, builds up women, is humble & admits when he is wrong, seeks to serve & respect others & wants to build a meaningful relationship with him would make him feel better? I do, try it....
Who's thin-skinned now?!
To set example for children, don't act like a child. 
If that's all he's heard, you're lucky.
If you love war so much, you cannot reasonably object to people wanting to take your blood-soaked head from your shoulders & display it.
Kathy Griffin needs to see a psychiatrist, her projecting in public cause of her own problems onto Trump family & "white men" says it all!
but how did they feel about your "grab 'em by the pussy" comments? real question.
Barron... with his gold watch, living in a gold palace...
but Ted Nugent's constant death threats towards Obama is totally fine. You even rewarded him for it! Hypocrite.

The entire world is having a hard time with your presence in the White House. And besides - when's the last time you saw that kid?
She is a disturbed woman. She's not funny just vulgar and crass.
Here - is this better? Something you freely admit you like grabbin'....
You're not expected to after all you are an admitted Drumpf enabler.....
Maybe u should monitor what Barron sees.
Hard time? Show him naked pictures of his mother or video of his father's boasts of sexual assault.
these 'liberals' are now getting out of hand. I can't imagine what your family went through. We love you Trump. 
Thou should have kept it in your pants! You have no one to blame but yourself!
He who cant keep it in the pant's should not run for President Vile Chief in Charge #45 should be shamed and resign ..
If you don’t want your son to be embarrassed, stop doing embarrassing things.  It’s really that simple.
. as a australian i always admired the respect americans had for their president. she is nothing but scum chasing cheap laughs
Here we go again..  she did one thing to your million. Are U remotely ashamed? I highly doubt it! Never asking God for forgiveness. Heathen!
"A shutdown falls on the President's lack of leadership. He can't even control his party and get people together in a room. A shutdown means the President is weak"

-Donald J. Trump
Know who else is having a hard time? Parents of kids with preexisting conditions that will lose coverage under your proposed healthcare bill
So you're offended but were fine with Ted Nugent. Griffin was wrong, but this is hypocritical.
I'm sure he'll get over it.

So you can say what you want about women, war heroes, and the disabled without shame? She has done nothing more than you. #snowflake
Cheer up snowflake!

Zakaria: Quitting climate pact means America is no longer 'the leader of the free world' https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/8mtjmHu9xPA … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/MjFNGikKt7L …
And you had someone to the WH who made the same threat against Barack Obama? #hypocriteinchief
Give it a break. You look better in red than in orange.
Your supporters were outraged by image, *prayed* for Barron
Were they outraged over image of Obama lynched?
Did they *pray* for Sasha,Malia?
True bullying at its best. I hope you're happy and it fulfills your narsissistic need for control.
Did Barron see his big brother shooting & dismembering animals in Africa? Did he like those photos? #Hypocrite #Traitor
I’m sure your 11 year old is having a hard time with his adulterous father.Leave Kathy alone&try to manage the chaos your sexual behavior has caused your family.Will you blame my President&Hillary for your adultery? Did they make you have sex with multiple women when he was born?
Unforgivable. Why such hate from a women of such little talent?
Given this experience when will YOU apologize to @BarackObama @MichelleObama for fabricating birtherism?
Imagine how Sasha & Malia felt?!?
You are an embarrassment to this country.  Not the slightest bit presidential.  But please continue destroying Republican party.  LOVE IT!!!
I think Kathy griffin just spoke for about 99% of the worlds population.

That being said, KG should be punished in some way. Otherwise, it establishes a precedent that shouldn't be accepted.

How do you think the Obama children felt when you alledged their father was not born in the US
But you have to work on being a better leader and set an example instead of starting wars. And you and the Russians are obviously teaming
I agree with you
Kathy is a really sick Lady. She should be given a one way ticket out of America !
Sorry Sir, but people like her have no shame. The U S of A should not expect anything useful from those like her. Good Luck
how did he react when you openly invited people to shoot @HillaryClinton ?
Grow up
Social Security is not an entitlement...we the people worked hard for that money, our money, not an entitlement. You lied, you are only
Barron has to deal with you as a father. He’s prepared for anything.
You did far worse to the Obama girls for YEARS! No apology! Barron's access to that material is called BAD PARENTING! Own it! @MELANIATRUMP
Do you want to date Barron, too?
Too bad you golf all the time or you could comfort him. Horrible president! Horrible father! Horrible person!
WHY WOULD YOU LET YOUR 11 YEAR OLD SON SEE THAT?!? 
Seriously... parental controls exist for a reason.
. Well done Kathy Griffin! That is exactly how everyone envision him dying. Perhaps by his Saudi buddies. @realDonaldTrump is a terrorist.
Yeah, but it's ok for Ted Nugent to joke about killing Obama. You are a hypocrite and the POPULAR VOTE LOSER.
you didn't think it was sick before - why now? oh, yeah...you got caught.
In America there are no actual secrets : Americans will always find out.
Just ask the Russians - they never could keep anything from us & they're good at secrets.
.@realdonaldtrump you think little Barron is freaked now? Wait until you get impeached. Resign now for the sake of the child!
How do they feel about Stormy?
You've said and done a lot of bad things too, don't play the victim card here.
You people posting these mean, vulgar posts need to get a life and move on.
He was your child who was still a nursing infant while you were having #StormyDaniels acting out your fantasy of screwing your first child. 

Bet you cannot name even one of his friends, or any book he has read in the past year.

#StormyDanielsDay
we are with you Mr. President. Griffin is disgusting!
LOOSER!
You don't even see your son. Look at yourself in the mirror. Listen to yourself. She apologized. Something you know NOTHING about.
You should be ashamed of yourself
She a unfunny loser.
Tv has no place for her anymore.
You will see.

well hopefully we won't see .
I hope @kathygriffin never works again. Completely disgusted. I'd be traumatized at any age to see someone holding my fathers severed head!
SICK?UR SICK!NEVER have anything 2do with Barron,Haven't even said his name since Inauguration!Only reasonUdid now was2Play Sympathy Card!
1/20/18 - As we continue to learn who this man is, you see even his family were pawns to be used for his political gain. Cheat on your wife, cheat in life. Deport families, call senators names, then complain words hurt your son.   #TrumpShutdown
Shouldn't run for president then. And you should be ashamed of yourself. #resist
#LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Get real. Your sons pose with dead wild game.
She's a sick one..sorry @BARRONTRUMP  we love you
