join the freedom caucus and make a better healthcare bill.
it's not a fight. We are all your constituents and you should support all Americans. Stop fighting all the time. Warmonger
.@realDonaldTrump it's the cuckservative caucus
@seanhannity
might be the only thing I agree with you on.  EVER.

Does not bode well for we truly conservative voters who worked for, supported financially & most impt. ---voted you into office, Mr. Pres.
taking advantage of the opportunity. They've had 8 years to get it together. Sad so sad!!!!!!!
don trump has 35% approval.  They are running from you
You unite the Republican party, and you will  destroy the Dems. The media will be toothless. "FIX YOUR HOUSE".
Threaten people while asking them to be part of your team - The Art of The Deal @realDonaldTrump
way to go Trump. All true American patriots are supporting you. America first, then our allies.
your agenda, your team suck and the True MAJORITY will fight you and GOP so you don't hurt this country.  Resign Puppet!
I agree.
You are getting your ass handed to you on a silver platter.
we will mute you in 2018 . Hire a clown see the circus for free.
so wait, white middle America elected the people who make up the Freedom Caucus - - AND-- this guy?
Maybe bill would be passed if it was good.
we are with you Mr President!
I support U but Ryan's     HC Bill was not good. Read & change it & U will get the support needed 2 get it through.
For the love of all that is holy, why must you be so divisive? It's no wonder literally everyone despises you! Lowest ratings ever! Lowest!
you suck as a deal maker
great start in uniting the country!!
threats,  they always work
hopefully by then u will.be impeached uare a snake in the grace unqualified for the job and u will have everyone in danger
They are hurting this country and very soon we will have "Sweden" conditions here. They should take off their blind folds..
everybody who voted for you n put u in office supports freedm caucus. Ryan is the enemy.
How is NYTimes "failing" if their stock is up 30% since Nov.
@realDonaldTrump is #fakenews
#LiarInChief
really the freedom caucus helped you get elected to help 
#draintheswamp 
Now you are fighting them
look who just figured out he wont be rehired come next election.
You are doing more harm globally than they are.
Trump is threatening to fracture the Republican Party if the Freedom Caucus doesn't compromise on its principles.
oh my Donny-your agenda isn't really Republican values-even Freedom Caucus & Dems have integrity to stick to their beliefs
Freedom Caucus stood with u when others ran. Remember who your real friends are. We're trying to help u succeed.
Raul, you are not listening to your constituents. Called your office twice last week to vote for bill. Support Trump, please!!!!!!!
Vast majority called to oppose it. But thanks for contacting us.
You need to go talk to Trump tonight! You know a full repeal will not be accepted and we need 216! Don't be such a hard liner and get Dems!
Yes, Fiona! Need to bend some. If I see you helping Trump will help you (Labrador) in 2018. Not so safe a district, if you oppose Trump.
Only 17% supported the bill!
They didn't ask me. Polls also showed Hillary winning election.
wow you didn't really just attack the freedom caucus did you?  I'm very sorry I voted for you
Elitist D & Rs collude together being corrupted by Greed/power. The FC are conservatives that want to mAga. Work w them.
FC is the Freedom Caucus, a group of conservatives D & Rs aint conservative.
Mr President, I voted for you as the non-/anti- establishment candidate. Sorry to see that lasted all of two months.
What two months are we talking about? When was Donald Trump ever anti-establishment? Legitimately confused here
This tweet is disappointing though not surprising. We need an effective conservative coalition. Work with them Mr President
How about they work with the President?  The ended up with nothing by demanding everything!
They have supported much that he's done. But with the healthcare repeal they needed to stand strong. No pres is always right
Love you DC, but we'll disagree - this was the first major legislation - the one that would set the table - although definitely not perfect
A "perfect" conservative bill never would have passed Senate reconciliation rules
The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don't get on the team, &amp; fast. We must fight them,...
The Republican establishment R RINOS, BUILD THAT WALL or you will NOT be re-elected Mr. President!
Q:  Guess who will back impeachment once Gorsuch is sworn in?  

A:  Conservatives

They are your best chance at success loser!
He is right. There are a lot of stowaways on the Trump Train.

Wut?  Quite the contrary.  We wanted a full repeal of ACA.  FC wouldn't settle for less.  And we conservatives used to be the same.
Agreed!  The more we travel down this road, the more divided we all seem to become.  Both sides piss me off to no end :(
But then we have Bannon and Trump both laying into FC for it.  I view both Ryan and Trump as the problem.
At least we likely got Gorsuch out of it.
why aren't you trying to pull the parties together? It's your job now-not campaigning. That was over months ago!
They were so loyal to you throughout the campaign & the election. I don't think this is the right direction for you to take.
WHY?  I thought u wanted to work together. ?   U were supposed to bring people together not fight with everyone who doesn't agree with u.
I am more concerned about establishment Republicans who are democrat partners in crime than the Freedom Caucus.
I'm glad that you know the Freedom Caucus is loyal to you.  They just stood in the gap for repeal and replace.
You won't be there in 2018 due to impeachment!!!!
.
You are wrong! We voted for repeal of Obamacare! Stop trashing the freedom caucus, which is the group who will save your from the swamp.
:Disagree. The R party and WH need to get on board with Freedom Caucus
Sorry, but NO!
#Ryancare is crap.
Repeal and get out of the healthcare business!

Big government is bad!
#eos
i hate that we have congressional groups. they need to quit splitting up and work together for a change. separatists just make things worse.
Sir, with respect: #FreedomCaucus will #SalvageNotSavage  #GOP adapt Viktor Orbán's ideas. This is a #GOP_Wins plan.
https://is.gd/JNumWy 
GOP AGENDA shld B abt benefiting R country& not taking advantage of R country 4 their personal gain! Unlike U who thinks it's all about U!
The new healthcare might not be perfect, at first,but all Repubs have to unite to get it moving. Democrats do not need to win. Let's do this
Wrong fight.Wrong enemy. Swamp Gas comes from Establishment of both parties. Don't divide your base.Don't align too close to old do-nothings
how about working with instead of fighting?  Maybe more will get done in this country and more people will be happy.
You're not a coach.  It's not a team.  It's a democracy.
sorry, but we conservatives elected you. The Reason 4 rinocare failure was that you didn't listen to true conservatives.
That's unfortunate. No one wants Obamacare 2.0 that has subsidies for illegals rammed down their throats. What happened to compromising?
Don't think we should give YOU immunity either.....
But the Republican party loves you Mr D! (oh no they don't) #failure
.
How about trying to work with them as they represent all of your constituents not just those you golf with.
The Great negotiator failed. Maybe you need to be fired! Can't do your job!
You must war against Ryan and McConnell who hate you and the Tea Party and America. Remove your enemies.  These guys elect
When they try to impeach you FC will have your back Ryan will be with the never Trump mob
Thank God for them!
working with the Dem instead of telling them to get on board is the unified American way... #trumpsway #trumpland   #MAGA
Work with each other and not against each other!
I don't agree.
You ought to be thanking the Freedom Caucus for not signing on to this dog of a bill no matter they want it crueler.
Paul Ryan is sabotaging the Trump agenda (see spending bill)
plans need to be good for the people and not the swamp. Don't become part of the swamp.
What about all the republicans who were 100% against Trump-Care!
I voted for you but I disagree with u on the HCB the FC saved your rep. @realDonaldTrump
Let's assume you'll be FIRED long before 2018 becomes a reality 
Boo Hoo!!
the 'Freedom' Caucus seem to be intransigent
碧池
the Freedom Caucus IS the Republican Party - all others are Rhinos, I and over half of America want ObamaCare REPEALED!!!
Trump is literally against freedom.  He's already failed on promises and throws out lies everyday on twitter.  #LockHimUp
Mr President,  Please work with the Freedom Caucus !
So, you want to get rid of Obamacare = obama'doesn't'care = Ryancare = Ryan'doesn't'care. And you are fighting the FC?
So on the team or fight them, can't have both.  Funny how this is a fake offer of team.
I'm sorry, but you got elected by people who wanted you to support the Freedom Caucus. The Republican Party is dead, FREEDOM IS THE FUTURE!!
Isolate isolate divide divide impeach impeach prison prison!
You need to consider that the team you're talking about is made up of never Trumper's. McCain, Ryan, and other GOP are not your friend.
Don't pick a fight with the people who elected you, #TeaParty 
@realDonaldTrump @DanScavino https://www.conservativereview.com/commentary/2017/04/exclusive-tea-party-activists-pen-letter-to-trump-urging-support-for-freedom-caucus …
bullshit, FC supported @realDonaldTrump @DanScavino @JaredDayAZ @bcwilliams92  @c5hardtop1999 @GaetaSusan @freedomcaucus
President Trump i am very disappointed who has convinced you to turn on and attack the people who have always supported you
You also need to watch your words because they always come back to haunt you.
There are no libel laws to change.
I thought you were anti GOP
They don't work for you
Fight dems?! Is that how you come together. Did the potus just really say that? Sad!
@DanScavino Remember who got u elected. It wasn't the Rep Est. U R a fool to piss them off. U promised to REPEAL OBC so
I think you better remember you promised a health care better than Obamacare.  President Trump and Congressman you can do better!
Ask Hitler and Napoleon how a 2 front war ends. You can't even pass a bill when you have both houses and the exec branch. Good luck.
How about compromise?
wow, have to disagree with you on this one... (boggle)
The Republican Party is digging it's own grave for not repealing Ocare. Be a man of your word and repeal it as promised
perhaps the HFC is supporting the AMERICAN agenda. Tired of the traitors! MAGA drain the swamp!!
Tax the Clinton Foundation and the Rockefeller Foundation.
not by the virtual extension of Obamacare, which is what Ryan brought you. Swamp in action
Maybe you should get your head straight the freedom caucus is a fine outfit Rand Paul is an a******
President Trump get all those Progressives and RINOS away from U and start hanging w/Cruz,Lee,Paul,Gomert and Mad Dog!1st
GET MCCAIN, GRAHAM, RYAN KICKED TO CURB (OR IN THE ASS) ....THIS WOULD HELP EVERYTHING ELSE!
Fighting the Freedom Caucus is a mistake. Listen to them instead.
Be careful who you trust. Rand Paul and others support you and make sense. Ryan is not your friend! He presented a lousy bill.
Gotta get them out of office
@realDonaldTrump I hope Putin has a nice warm bed & leaves the light on for u when you get exiled from America! U did this w/all your lies!
@POTUS, be more concerned with getting right with God in Christ than insulting every1. If you don't believe you are a sinner sayit 1John1:8
Don't forget the biggest fight to remove the biggest SNAKE! #FireRyan
Defeat Freedom Caucus, defeat Dems, leaves establishment GOP only. What happened to Drain The Swamp?
Stop trying to divide America even more than it already is. Your job is to support the American citizens. All of them. Democrats included.
you can try.. you won't have to worry about it because you might not be in office
U need to listen to these people Paul Rynn is a Wiesel & part of the swamp get him out now along with RP both r snakes
If you think everyone is against you, you'll never do any good. Pull your head out and learn to get along.
Thank GOD at least some of the Republicans care about the people they serve. STOP BULLYING TO GET YOUR CRAP BILL PASSED!!!!!!!!!
#loserdonald
More likely, the Freedom Caucus will dance on your political grave.  If you had any people skills... Neophyte.
2018? You won't last that long.
I wish you'd learn to reach out compromise, but as we've sadly come to realize, you do not have the Midas touch.
where will you even be??
Can we get through 2017 first, do your job now!! Stay in DC like u promised "no vacations" and get it done, stay off Twitter!! #resign #liar
@freedomcaucus is our friend stop listening to the moderates
You are hurting republicans and the senate will be back in democratic control thanks to you!  You are a disaster!
Disagree, these guys backed you even when Paul Ryan didn't and what they want is for Reps to honor campaign, REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE!
@POTUS U need to remember who voted for U & why. Quit peddling an establishment neocon agenda & insulting the ppl who want what u promised.
TERM LIMITS!!!!!!!
TERM LIMITS!!!!!!!
TERM LIMITS!!!!!!!
Completely moronic. The Freedom Caucus helped you win your un-popular electoral college challenge. Without them you would be angrily out.
Your blind. Ryan's agenda isn't the word of God. Stop the medical industry monopoly and we will be insured at a fair price.
Great job Trump, You'll get there.  When all the morons hate you,  you know your 
Going in the right direction!!!!!
Keep making enemies
Lmao. 2018? Seriously? Lmao.
repeal completely, new clean bill effective 2018
is this really what our president should be worried about right now?
Listen to the freedom caucus. Keep your promise to repeal Obamacare.
We must fight TREASON coming out of the White House.
#LockHimUp #TraitorTrump #Treasonous #TheCountdownIsOn #YourDaysAreNumbered #WhattaPutz
Good luck. Haha
Talk about dividing, you're dividing your own party
CRYBABBY
Is it election season already? I thought it was still impeachment season.
Rethink this, please. Obamalite care was not the solution!
Oh, you're going to get that fight in 2018.
You will see the fury in 2018....your card house will fall...you can watch it from prison, Treasonous Trump.
When you fight the freedom caucus you fight those who elected you.
that's it, bully people to join you. what's next break your knee caps?  LMAO HEY, LOOKS LIKE YOU ARE LOSING YOUR BASE. U R AT 36 RATING SAD
@GOP out in 2018 and Trump impeached!
Good! Good! Let the hate flow through you!
Stop attacking the conservatives, they represent your base, dump the RINO's and fufill your promises!
Reread Ryancare. Is no better the Obamacare. Repeal Obamacare . #freemarket insurance. Ryancare just as costly
How can anyone get on board when you state you must fight them? You only put in 18 days of effort from  birth to death of health care bill
You are the greatest, but listen more to the Freedom Caucus than Paul Ryan on healthcare.  Remember who really supports you.  Ryan did not.
These democrat weasels are really the most lying people I have ever seen they should try being honest once that would shock the world
Yes we will vote them out.I need my 35 percent tax,asap please.turn Mexico into Cuba,they will pay.
A TRUE COMMUNICATION VIRUS!
THE ANIDOTE FOR THIS SICKNESS IS TO SPEAK GOD'S LANGUAGE, LOVE A GOOD CHANGE FOR THE TIME TO DO SO IS AT HAND<><
You will hurt the nation if you don't get some common sense. People need health coverage for a HEALTHIER, WEALTHIER NATION.
wise words, don't draft a health care bill based on what those who do not care for the little man desire. not just conservatives support u.
You have chosen the wrong side sir. Freedom caucus will help you the most in long run.
Healthcare and it's Insurance are not in the Constitution. The people's money should only go to catastrophic cases...
"I built this ship to WRECK!"run out of?
All that Republican gerrymandering put the Freedom Caucus in seats so safe you can't get them to do a damn thing. hahaha
The ACHA doesn't go far enough.  Please listen to Freedom Caucus.  They are fighting for those of us who voted you in to end Obamacare.
His negotiation skills amount 2 nothing more than threats & bullying tactics which do not seem 2 be working in DC. Next lie & blame TBD yawn
stop fighting & name calling, B a LEADER & UNIFY party!GOP can't unite they will LOSE BIGLY!As dumb as Dems r they unite!
The Freedom Caucus is your base Americans VOTED for those promises Patching up Obamacare was a nightmare
Paul Ryan IS NOT YOUR FRIEND. Don't be deceived.
fighting your own party. You're a traitor on so many levels #incompetent#presidentialseatfiller
Sorry. Republicans need to step up their game now or we will vote them out. Stop hiding #Trumprussia
Mr. President, as a California Republican I'm worried about the state of affairs in this state.
