It's not as juicy as a secret back channel to the Kremlin after our Election was hacked by the Russians.
NO!
Good. I'd rather hear about Trump-Russia anyway.

fed tf up 
Of course they are
33%.
Majority of MSM are Dem shills..

its getting as old as   the look of lines on your face blameing clinton kellyann  tsk almost 200 days into office..  sound like broke record
You don't say
MSM FAVORITISM OF THE CLINTONS/DEMOCRATS.
Feeling the heat their Donny
At one time yes.  But then they chose a side and flushed their credibility.

Double standard. Where is the "Special Counselor" for this? If a purely social encounter, why are documents relating to it heavily redacted?
No..because YOU & Russia are trying to undermine our democracy...you'll be a shit-stain in our country's history!!
Their designation as FAKE NEWS is well-earned. They're not journalists, they're shameless propagandists for the Democrat Party!
And you're a shameless propagandist for the Coward-In-Chief. 

Except YOU don't get paid for it 
What else is new! They won't cover any of the crimes of the obama admin or the DNC! I can't believe the GOP lets them get away with it!
@realDonaldTrump - please talk to Tony Shaffer about replacing certain individual
@FLOTUS @TiffanyATrump
How long ago did this meeting happen? Why would they be covering it NOW? There's more pressing issues like grand juries, leaks about lies..
Just plain SUCKS. Have to PROTECT what is fast becoming undefendable. Their whole concept is falling apart.
@realDonaldTrump  So?  I am unenthusiastic about going to work on Monday mornings but I still go...
RT @dcexaminer: Emails show Washington Post, New York Times reporters unenthusiastic about covering Clinton-Lynch meetin...
They ignored 100% more of the crap you were pulling donny! Will you never stop whining? America went from having a real man to a baby POTUS!

No trump treason more like Clinton treason in American uranium paid to play been  destroying emails and a plethora of other crimes !!!!!!!
Debunked
Denise, that is the trolliest bot handle I've seen in a long time. Clinton didn't even vote on the uranium.
Thank you so very very much.
Right, because unlike what was going on with Russia and our elections this was NOTHING!
Really? Using political influence to influence an investigation is nothing
What proof is there that that happened? It was bad optics. It was investigated, she recused herself from the final decision re: HRC. Done.
Well she did say they talked about grandchildren except she doesn't have any. She never recused herself. Look it up.Done
He does. She left the decision up to Comey re: prosecute or not.
Not the same as recusal. She could still be informed and direct his actions. Eventually it will come out.
I really would love to see the truthfulness on this "matter"! No one should be above the law! 
The Lynch-Bill Clinton meeting?Let's revisit some controversies during Herbert Hoover's Presidency while we're at it.Eye on the ball please
Typical limiting of Left faux pas and unscrupulous meetings.  Fake News is also excluding major news events.
I believe in God. I also believe you will be impeached. Amen!
The meeting of a former president and attorney general? Yeah, how bizarre was that?
I should hope so. It came to nothing, It IS nothing, it’s old news, it’s not relevant, neither is in politics, you’re on drugs…
EVEN THE MEDIA DOESNT WANNA REPORT IT...
@realDonaldTrump
This! Is what keeps me smiling. All through his negative, nasty shit. I hope the decimate him, for every penny he's colluded for. Traitor.
exactly, his name, his brand and all in jail
MUELLER MUELLER MUELLER MUELLER MUELLER MUELLER MUELLER MUELLER MUELLER MUELLER MUELLER MUELLER MUELLER MUELLER MUELLER MUELLER #GrandJury
Me when it happens!
You know it!!!
The president of bad excuses. That's you Trump. A cry baby.
Of course, they don't want to upset JEZEBEL Alias hitlery!
Definitely wrong doing here.  Just hiding convo  on the tarmac by a Clinton!   Genius move!
The fighter! We  u!
WOW THESE 2 names STILL HASHTAGS (August 4, 2017; 16:01 EDT) #LORETTALYNCH #BILLCLINTON
Of course they are not enthusiastic because they are  patriots who made some humanly mistakes, u and ur clan are traitors, u sold ur country
Americas worst Enemy is the Democratic Party, MSM, and GOP TRUMP HATERS!
Of course! Documented, historically proven:@WashPostDC @nytimes=merely subsets of Dem party/lib progressives/extremely biased,untrustworthy
GOP news history (yes that's what Ailes called it)
GOP news history in Nixon files, followed by RR's involvement in comments. https://twitter.com/SarahbNerd/status/893259357034381317 …
You can deflect all you want and retweet articles from right wing denialism journals but it ain't going to persuade the grand jury.
Either a) didn't read, b) didn't care or c) troll
Exactly. You didn't read, I don't care, and you are a troll.
First of all, it's spelled you. Second, does your friend Tanya know that you're tweeting like this?
U know Donnelly? Awesome!
They're should be in jail for their corruption.
We have a place for them, perfect place it's called
Guantanamo Bay!
That is because the media is part of the entrenched state, just like it was in an Evil Empire we defeated in the 1980s
Or maybe, hear me out here, trumps collusion AS PRESIDENT is something people want to know about
That's cool. I once saw an email where the presidents campaign gleefully welcomed intel from Russia
Yeah, I heard Fox news wasn't too keen on covering Don Jr's emails.
because HE is making THIS a BIG deal when it ISN'T...,(August 4, 2017; 16:01 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Congress needs to let us ALL on their healthcare plan...TODAY
Marxist as far as I'm concerned. Wake up America.
Why aren't they in Jail?
Two people who should be in jail, along with Hillary, Comey.
(MANY) journos UNENTHUSIASTIC re meeting between..., (August 4, 2017; 16:01 EDT) #LORETTALYNCH #BILLCLINTON
Could possibly be because THERE'S NOTHING TO REPORT...
Liberals will never report bad news about other liberals. They are immune to the truth.
well, as we know, HE retweeted this (August 4, 2017; 16:01 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
I don't care to waste time on Lynch an Clinton as it's just a diversion
,...while @ same time, DOWNPLAYING (August 4, 2017; 16:01 EDT) #RUSSIAGATE #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Do not forget that Paul Ryan was on that plane with Trump and Loretta Lynch
again, using an UNDEMOCRATIC person 2 MANIPULATE oneself 2 power..., (August 4, 2017; 16:01 EDT) #RUSSIAGAE #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
...is a CRITICAL issue (August 4, 2017; 16:01 EDT) #RUSSIAGATE #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
its very sad to see that if you have money you are above the law

Tweets show Washington Examiner and Kellyanne Conway desperate to get people's attention of Trump scandals.
So sad that they don't respect the American people money over truth just sad
Hey @wikileaks it's time to take them all down for good 
#LockThemAllUp
THE REAL CRIMINALS ARE NOT BEING INVESTIGATED HILARY, OBAMA,COMMEY LYNCH,RICE..ETC
.ETC
Voter fraud is real 
http://www.judicialwatch.org/press-room/press-releases/judicial-watch-warns-california-clean-voter-registration-lists-face-federal-lawsuit/ …
So they have done everything they are accusing @realDonaldTrump of!
we must protect our rapist / child molesters!!!
It's way more important to cover Trump's treason!
Distraction!! Focus on Russia investigation.  #WorstPresidentEver
#CrookedHillary 
#OCareNightmare 
#OpenBorders 
What disbarred group of Lawmakers would offer free healthcare to the world
#Zero100k No tax
Move on loser
Please send the DOJ after the dirty Obama, Clintons, Lynch, Rice, Adedin, and Comey outlaws NOW! We all know the crimes they committed!
The nation has been lost to lying social pimps looking on the left that have taken over the Democratic Party.
No amount of deflection from the Russian investigation is going to work.  The info is out there being collected piece by piece.
Interesting!!!
Lock them up
Of course they will cover up for #CrookedHillary!
House working with Capital Hill police on Wasserman-Shiltz 
Oh baby! http://trib.al/L5kJ92l 
Take heart Christians Father is on the throne, good will win out over evil, it is written.
@realDonaldTrump #NothingBurger
Willie looks 90
That shows that they are NOT real, true journalists.
Who cares? You're getting impeached soon.
Who f'n cares about Clinton? Quit deflecting from the reality that you are a terrible leader.
@realDonaldTrump
Simply stated
@POTUS & @KellyannePolls  can't grasp - Clinton's ARE NOT our President - STOP shifting Focus from THIS Admin's Dirty Deeds & Incompetence !
They don't excited over nothing burgers.

Old man, living in the past, no offensive plan, #loser in #retreat #sad
CRIMINALS!
The Clintons family crime spree continues!!
Cover up is more like it.
Walking sexual desease
They haven't changed since then. Corrupt. #FakeNews
But, of course!

That would be real news and we all know they only do fake news!
because @washingtonpost and @nytimes EITHER ON THE SAME BOAT WITH CLINTON AND LYNCH OR THEY'VE BEEN HIRED TO COVER UP!CRAZY!
Just part of the sewer.
Please https://youtu.be/8Q2O-vWpFm0 

Mr. Mackey... "UM KAY? Um, Meetings like this is Bayd umkay?
Gee, I wonder why...
I bet! With all this investigation going on the American people need to demand same to happen with both Clintons! So many crooks!
Because it's a mute point. Time & money needed to follow the real collusion and treason in the white house now. Not 1993 - 2001. Focus!!
Still obsessing about her?  You're the one who said you wouldn't pursue an independant investigation mins after inauguration.  
I bet they had two thoughs. Hillary and body count.
RIGHT....OH HELL YES WE WANT AN INVESTIGATION, WE JUST KNOW THERE WON'T BE ONE!
Why?  Are they reporters or lackeys?
Because they're as corrupt as these two!!!
True collusion with WaPo & NYT and Lynch / OB / Clinton/Comey. Where is the Special prosecutor needed now! Amazing. @MAGA, #DrainTheSwamp
Sorry guys the election is over and she is not running. You will have to find a better way to counter the Russia investigation
Didn't the Examiner do nothing while the Post uncovered Watergate? Awesome source, sir. 

LOL

Sad.
Well it would be nice to hear the truth for once.
Doesn't take a genius to figure out why
It's Too Obvious Lynch took a bribe and Everyone Knows it !
Cause, Just Speculation. Not Nearly As Funny As tRump Peein In Russian Beds With Prostitutes

Maybe they don't want to cover a dead story? There is no there..there. Remember Bush adm accidently deleted 5 million emails. Investigation?
Wouldn't you Like to be a fly on the wall in this meeting?
They should get enthusiastic because that IS where the true story should be.......!
It takes a lot of time to scrutinize trumps handshakes and how many scoops of ice cream he gets.


A liberal newspaper isn't interested in discussing incendiary topics involving democrats
Reality shows that White House is too cowardly to answer questions with truth #FakePresident!

#25thAmendment
Fake News!
Liberal media!!! No wonder! These guys are jokes anyway! Washington post, CNN, NYP all laughing stocks and literally a pure joke!
I told you it was time to let it go, Donnie. Keep an eye on Jr. and (yuck!) Eric, though, so they don't embarrass you further.
The devil protecting his own
Do we think if they "planned" this meeting, they would have picked such a public place?
Liberals are so utterly corrupt that they think everyone must be as bad as they are....
was Elizabeth Carlisle involved in the meeting also @WaPo @nytimes @CNN @MSNBC?
That's because it's old news. They aren't in office. Keep up.
Media is a traitor to the people they report a one sided agenda period.

160k FB shares. Fake news story of the week:
- No judge by this name
- No 22nd circuit court of appeals
- POTUS can't remove judges 
So? Your point in retweeting this is?
@realDonaldTrump Because there's nothing there.
Shocking! NOT!

...after all, they were only discussing "golf and grandchildren". That's why the meeting was classified right?
and we have to sacrafice all we have and all we are to take this Nation back from their Psychotic Criminally Insane Hands then so be it!
Hopefully some of them won't have jobs or in jail for leaking classified information
https://twitter.com/debesstrs/status/892853853040803842 …
More Fake News..no thanks
But
It
Was
Covered! 
Just like fake news aka fox news doesn't cover their colluding with Trump over that huge Seth Rich murder LIE!

Once Trump owed 4 billion dollars to 70 American banks then the Russians helped him,... and the rest is history. 
Declassify all related material to Clinton remote server & Lynch Clintom meeting on Tarmac. Declassify it all 
Gibson Guitar
Lois Lerner

Donald.  Nothing to honor our  Bowling Green massacre Heros? Shocking, and certainly due to the Cosmopolitan Bias @KellyannePolls
Clinton met publicly with U.S. Attorney General.  Trump secretly colluded with the Russians.  Hmmm ...
This surprises anyone?

That's it, go after Hillary. VERY smart.
Free Pass Alert!!
When they're still talking about Hillary you know they're really in trouble
Hang the monsters(before they hang us).
no reason to, nothing became of it
Good Job! Reporters know we want the juicy stories. Like whose leaving to the WH next or how much has Reince spilled to Bobby Mueller.
Cause there is nothing to find, with Potus 45 there is.
Drain the sewer fake news too!!! Both are obstructionist and traitors to our country.
# fire McMaster!!! He'$ part of the DC sewer
Grand Jury needed: flawed FBI wHillary emails, death of S Rich, IT and Dems; FBI actions w McCain/Dems re Fake Dossier/is SC invest=dossier
.    You all are in denial. Look around you open your eyes and start reporting the truth, that's hard for you because your fake.
R journos like those at #WaPo supposed 2want 2put stories "to rest" b4 they hv complete story? #Tarmac
@WMALDC 
@Morning_Joe 
@TheDCVince
Perhaps they are uninterested because the people are uninterested in the #fakenews story.
Well of course they are because they were part of it
WHERES THE SPECIAL PROSECUTOR FOR THIS!!??  I am so fed up! What do "we the people" have to do to stop this? I'm tired of feeling helpless!
We the people the 4th Branch of Government are here to see to it that they adhere to their Oaths and Obligations and if they becomeTyranical
Why cover something that is not a crime?
They'll get even more enthsiastic when emails unredacted emails are obtained by @ACLJ @JaySekulow
Big deal, it was covered ad nauseum
Past time for special prosecutors and grand juries on known criminal activity by the Clintons, Obama, Lynch, Comey, Rice, Schultz, Podesta!
