Nothing like taunting a crazy!
Your supporter's vandalized a Holocaust memorial in Boston, leading up to their rally this weekend. Aren't you just ever so proud?
Bro that came out hours ago. Were you pooping?
yay, thanks "potus," keep morale up by spreading NONSTOP SHIT AT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
So many idiots and bots supporting  this.
WTF is wrong with you.
3 Years, 5 Months, 5 Days, 14 Hours, 21 Minutes, and 54 Seconds
Until trump is re-elected. Cannot resist 
i cant wait he is amazing



"They" will find some way to spin it back on President Trump !! Oh and call us Stupid for wanting to think for Ourselves
Thank you president trump
Right on!
I hope we are that stupid ! Anyone with kids or loved ones should not be wanting a nuke going off anywere in this world! We will all be gone
I might be reading Trump wrong, but this RT and his recent rhetoric make him seem eager for war.
I believe he is just being presidential...it sounds weird cause we haven't heard anything like it in 8 years...
you haven't heard it because BOTS have no ears

This is fucking ridiculous.
You mean after congress approves and votes on it after solid proof has been presented in public hearings.
Wagering people's lives is NOT A GAME!!
Unbelievable how this sounds like high school
We trust you @POTUS and General MadDog Mattis! Thank God we have a real leader back in the White House! #MAGA
#MAGA #TrumpsArmy
#MAGA
So let's think about this. You're the president, but you RT Fox News stories based on something your SecDef says. News to you is it?
You act as though you're getting pumped at the "excitement" of possible war. Draft dodger playing Call Of Doodie from the golf course.
Be it understood that the guilt of any & all blood spilled due to your foolishness will fall on your head.
Have you signed that EO yet ordering the new uniforms?



Mattis has all to gain to start a war. with North Korea. He has invested in it..Filling his pockets too when you USA will die by the 10 mill
Want to try that again in say, complete sentences
if you are not familiar with abbreviations you need working on your brain volume
If NK launches  another missile in any direction game should be over NK does not exist any more.
Just promise me the end will come quickly a not be another Trump melodrama: "Will the world end tomorrow? We'll see what happens."
AMERICA WAS ALWAYS GREAT!!
Sinar is a snowflake 
Who's a snowflake??? 
CRY HARDER 
He's not only a snowflake/libtard, he's also a hypocrite. Another to add to his resume.
1)You're commenting on a 3 week old post (why?) and 2)Please explain how I'm a hypocrite.
I'm just now seeing this post b/c I don't spend my life on Twitter, I didn't realize it was 3 weeks old.
War is a game now. Cool, cool.
Oh so I guess you think it's ok for a rogue dictator to drop a nuke on Chicago's head.WowSome of you people really amaze me with your logic

Protect south Korea please
Can someone please tell this guy it's not a game before people die??
Its not a game, its called war
Sweet and this has been so long overdue, Like 50 years.
This is such bullshit!! Im sick of our kids having to fight the battles of these fucked up morons in Washigton DC!!
Durrr. Stop encouraging them...
Thank you Mad Dog Mattis for your life long service and for standing sentinel of our great country. You are a true American warrior. 
Thank the Lord above we have Sec. Mattis & @POTUS to protect us. 
The Left's agenda is to oust our President. They're picking away at his cabinet allies. It started w Flynn & they tried it w Sessions.
this is a good thing.. getting rid of the 45th.. only it was the 45th President who fired Flynn..
James This is an adult discussion. You & your 18 followers need to go back to your comfort zone of cartoons, video games & cold cereal
I dont eat cold cereal, I dont watch cartoons.. so I must assume you do.
And if you don't denounce white supremacy like a president should it's game on starting with #ImpeachTrumpNow

जय हिंद जय भारत 
Duh
Are you f** serious? This is not the time to show macho manners but to turn on the brain!
If North Korea starts it... checkmate!!!
RT @foxandfriends: Sec. Mattis: If North Korea fires missile at US, it's 'game on' http://fxn.ws/2vD5Cpy ...
AMERICA IS BACK!
Where were we before?
#NorthKorea know it will be annihilated if any missile is lunched at the #USA 
#KeepAmericaSafe
Silly little Toad
Mattis 2018
Article 25
"Game on?"   As long as they only kill those Dems on the Left Coast, who cares, right?  "Mad Dog"  "Dumbass" is more accurate.
Nuclear war isn't a game!!!
Game on...More like game over or just the beginning of The End? IDK....
Go Mattis Go
When the General's feet hit the deck, The devil cringes and says; ''Oh shit! He's awake!''
Praying he's all mouth & no action. We the (some of us) don't want a war... praying to God , no war. Please God hear our prayers, Amen.
This isn't a locker room and now #KimJongUn's turn to whip his dick out to see whose is larger.
la korée pays d'enfant pour quoi u s a joue  avec les enfant la russe pays des adolescents usa peut  jouer avec
That's the problem, your organization thinks this is all a game.
What is he trying to communicate with this RT? It is scary.
Since I was 5 ww3 was threatening. Let's do this. I'm 45 what r we waiting for?
What is wrong with you???????????


Thank God for a Sec. of Def. with not only the knowledge but the "guts" to do the job and protect our great nation!
https://twitter.com/ahamiltonspirit/status/896804367319302144 …

ATTENTION

NEONAZIS PLANNING VIOLENCE AT GAINESVILLE…

JUST IN: Trump Justice Department demands identifying information of visitors to anti-Trump website http://hill.cm/2hITJzN  
So @realDonaldTrump what do u plan to do w/the per. inf. of Americans who don't agree w/ur policies? Arrest? create terrorist list? Deport?
God is with our President. His hand is on him protecting him.
Nuclear war is not a game. Literally billions of lives hang in the balance.
If we could force Trump to watch one documentary on the effects of atomic bombs he wouldn't think it's a "game".
Would you like to go to NK and talk to this young punk and tell him to stop threatening us. When did the President say he would use nukes?
In this current thread you're in which he retweeted saying "GAME ON". It's not a f'n game dealing with a lunatic dictator over missile use.
I didn't say it's a game
Which is why men a lot smarter than President Retweet will make the real decisions & let him watch the outcome on TV. Nice bot account btw.
The one thing you don't realize is if we let him walk all over us that's all they will ever do.
WHO said let him walk all over us? How do you equate wanting to avoid nuclear war to allowing KJU to do whatever he wants?
I'm with you!!
Game on.  Wow. You are just itching to start a conflict to distract from your crimes that are being uncovered
Yea, but he'll be dead soon anyways and won't have to live with the consequences.
'Game on?' Millions of lives at stake, and you're 'game on?' You do know this isn't a fucking game, right?
use some damn diplomacy!!!!!
Your kids go in first
Of course this out of touch dickhead calls war a game, he won't be out there dying
Disgusting that so many people are cheering for this.
Sometimes the ONLY  way to stop a bully is to fight.  The bully will pick a softer target.  I have proved this many times in my life.
Trump used a 15k ton bunker buster.. it missed its intended target. The Syrian airfield 59 missiles missed targets, left the runway intact
Whelp... guess it's a waiting game now...
Report this account for death threats against billions of people.
Premptively evacuate Seoul.  Do you still have Neutron bombs?  Use them on the North
This is NOT a "game," you morons. China isn't going to sit there and watch.
It amazes me that liberals are attacking #Trump&Co for stating they are preparing to defend their country. I'm dumbfounded at their idiocy.
I  called Americans ( Useful Idiots  )
Do a Research And You Will be a wake from your Slumber
This is not a Fucking game!
Finish your milk and cookies, Donald.
May Piglet be removed and N Korea go FREE and become joined with South again!  Amen.
so Mattis thinks this is some sort of video game? NK leadership is not run by monkeys to fire missile first. it would be end of them.
I do not think that North Korea will one day take the risk of attacking the United States. Provocation is the means of clearing the past.
This is not a game.
north korea is not going to fire a missile at USA or Guam... this is Kim poking a stick at a hornets nest. Kim is bored and having some fun
About time. America first.
Glad he thinks it is a game. What a creep.
President of South Korea told the World No War
and if you fire a missile at NK I hope you can take on China ,, you will be fried
Please deploy Dennis Rodman on a secret mission to place on bug on that little body of direct delivery of predator!
Before you kill us all- your children & grandchildren included-
#resign
My bags under my eyes are already packed
Yeah?
Reckless, irresponsible, I'm running out of derogatory adjectives to describe the handling of the situation. History will judge you harshly.
AND ITS THE RIGHT WAY TOO. SCREW THE LEFT.
THIS IS NOT A GAME
shame shame shame, bitch. this is like a game of "battleship" for you. your leadership is WEAK AS FUUUUCK.
Comedy Central is playing games with us!
#fakenews
And @SECDEFUS does NOT speak of a sprightly round of Tiddlywinks when he says "Game On".....
GAME ?
War is not a game.
I have a scenario. This "game" would be Mattis and Trump living a disabled remainder of their life. 
There is no game here.  Tired of this
You want to make REAL PROGRESS? Ban ALL news stories unless they have 3 verified sources!! Then, it's GOODBYE to crap like FOX & FOOLS (You)
Thank God for @POTUS @realDonaldTrump and James Mattis #maga #potus #realnews #northkorea
Trump propaganda straight from FOX NEWS. The official headquarters of State sponsored media created so Trump can lie
Mad Dog Don't Play
No it's not!
This is life and death, not some game.
In the event of a nuclear exchange, you will still be under investigation by the spcl. Counsel.
Proud you are at the helm I know you will keep is safe. Good bless you and don't pay attn to all those lft wackos who are wearing blinders

Mr. Mattis, I for one, would prefer you not use "game on" when one is talking about nucealar war.  Just makes me feel uneasy.
Soon as a missle leaves the launch pad it should be vaporized
@MikePenceVP  do your duty and serve this nation.. #25thAmendmentNow #DoTheRightThing
That's fine. War is money and money over everything else #impeach45
Is it a GAME ? ... Really ?
#WagTheDog from #RussiaInvestigation

Trump sucks and Fox and Friends is a place that good ole boys can harass women

America's working poverty https://www.gofundme.com/america039s-working-poverty?pc=tw_dn_cpgnsharemore_r&rcid=r01-150282309841-2cfa0ae6257c4cbc …
"GAME"??????  you mean nuclear war & death to millions of innocent people?  Are lives are not a video game for the rich
This is our leaders.
=> Mattis is OK.  You have RUSSIA! TURKEY! FLYNN! KUSHNER! MANAFORT! COHEN! PAGE! GIULIANI! STONE! DON JR! NAZIS! KLAN! RUSSIA! TURKEY!
This is not a game.
You're such a sociopath you promote an air strike to deflect from the investigation you're currently under. You can't be gone fast enough.
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Are you demented? Nuclear missiles pos being launched long range/fatalities over a pissing contest?

"It's game on".....are you serious? So this is a game to you?
Sec. Mattis should know not to telegraph our moves to an enemy. Certainly not with slangy "Game on" threats.
Is that supposed to be a threat?  This is not how you conduct foreign policy.

Stop making random remarks on this.  You're scaring the kids.
Delusional Don thinks nuclear confrontation is a "game". Unstable. Sick. DANGEROUS. #25thAmendmentNow - before it's too late.

This is NOT a game. Can we have better people on charge that don't think our lives,water and air aren't games?
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews you know it's not a game right?...right?
Do what you have to do. Just make sure our men and women have the best equipment for the job. My son PVT McKinney Wesley,  believes in you.
That simply means, we got a plan!  Let me do the math.

Pyongyang + Gone= Pyongyangone

Any Questions?

Yes, weak America?  You have any ???

You're RTing your personal hope for salvaging your presidency, @realDonaldTrump. You want war.
You want to "save" the US even if it costs millions of lives. But stopping NK would make your polls go up.
Stop playing games with the people of not just this country, but millions from around the world.
goodle "Nuclear Fallout" and then watch "War Games". The only way to win is not to play. Truer words were never spoken. #fakepresident
Mattis looks like the devil incarnate
If NK fires missiles, our allies suffer the consequences. They  have more missiles for arrive to Japan and SK.More people die in vain.
At what means this?
Share: fb " Kill Trump ? "
This is no game!

Most wars starts with shooting on eachother indeed
What ever!!!
the little clown knows now if he does fire hes destroyed legally we could have attacked after the first threat. hes a lucky ...
Right...just kill us all. 
I
K
Opp
This seems to go without saying.
I think it's extremely wrongheaded to think of bombing a country as a game.
As we all held our breath, we knew @POTUS was standing strong, true, & those who threaten know we will retaliate.  God Bless @POTUS
You do know these are "nuclear" weapons right?  Gor fucks sake
Nothing like issuing a statement like this to 'Dial down the rhetoric', hmm?
Snappy salute!
Please don't take knifes to a gun fight!!
Because a problem in North Korea is the most important problem that the life of all living entities of the earth affects,(next)
War is not a game!
If prior presidents did their job, NK would not have built missiles right under our noses for decades while we ignored it.  It's not a game!
Well no shit. I hope so. Until then put your peeper back in your pants
Stay tuned. FBI knows about the money laundering
