Te acuerdas de este tuit ? Che hipócrita
k
HAHAHAHAHA, fucking hypocrite.
Ded
:v
enscerioo??? me acabo de ver esto, espero que sea cierto digo, los mexicanos sobramos en su vida ¡no!
So long as they don't need to cone to America, according to you.
What about the wall??

Ok

Chupala prro
Seriously!
chigas a tu madre
You steel going to build a wall
Lie
y tu pinche muro cabron?
Good help if you had avoid Satanyahoo to come to México. We do not need war criminals here.
Sun of beach ,Persian golf
But forget  those Puerto Ricans, right?
I found this on Facebook today I thought you better know
Deeds, not words.
Que onda todos los días escribes me preguntó que es mas importante
¿E.U.A o su celular?
Lets quit spending taxpayers fund on NFL period,  vets and seniors are better use for those funds
Were you though? Were you?
Si estás con nosotros y nos mandas tus bendiciones, para que construyes el muro 
Words are #meaningless without action. #disfuncional.

Vegas was only beginning, there will be many more to come. History is written by the victors.
Vegas was not “the beginning.”

But you’re right, history is written by the victor... not the pathetic losers in the shadows. 

http://www.cnn.com/2013/09/16/us/navy-yard-suspects/index.html …
God bless u too,we will put in prayer,so that God will give u more wisdom
This is the real Mexico, we aren't all that fucking bullshit you have said about us
Words are comforting, but, they do little in the way of helping the long term need.
You got to be tired of saying that, Mr. President! Hopefully our weather and country will settle down.  God bless our nation!
Thanks... #nothanks #dotard
Liar, Liar pants on fire!!!
#WorstPresidentEver
¿Y el muro?

what help have U sent to Mexico City?
In light of the Las Vegas shooting last night what's the deal with national cc reciprocity Mr. Trump?  We the people want results!! Enough of this bullshit!!! When do we get the right to carry and defend? The criminals are  carrying and us law abiding citizens are being killed.
How EXACTLY would you have defended yourself from someone shooting from the 32nd floor of a building?
Yeah I guess I wasn't thinking about the height of the shooter. That's my bad
You'll have to get over the wall you're planning to build first
Me gusta lo manifestado por el presidente Trump
. Lol aka "all you bad ombres"
Thank u Mr. Trump for help Mexico, pls help if you can.
CHINGA TU MADRE WEY
I don't believe you
U wanna build a wall
Thank you!!
Nadie se la creyó we
you sure 'bout that, pinche pendejo? don't fucking lie to us.
@EPN
God bless this and that. Words words. Gid wint bless nothing unless u pray in jesus name.
God wont bless unless you kneel down pray ask in jesus name. Unless you dont believe in god.
Sus bendiciones le haran falta a usted para estar bien porque nosotros podemos por nuestra cuenta #FuerzaMexico #VirgenDeGuadalupe
Mr. President from Puerto Rico thank you for your support. God bless America and our President. Very grateful
Press x for doubt
？？？你不是川普
And what have we done?  Did we send supplies?  Did we send assistance?
Except for the wall, right? Gotta make them pay for the wall!
You make me sick! You have NO business being president! RESIGN NOW!
How about the people of the American Virgin Islands?
Right after you pay for that wall...
Trump could care less about you or me or anyone else in the world !!
But you want to build a wall. Not you care about Mexicans . Smh
Before or after the wall
Chingas a toda tu puta madre cabron
As long as you don't come to America and work and pay taxes like good American citizens we will be there for you ....!!!!
As long as we can build a see through wall! #AsshatInChief
Why are so many people berating a man that is just showing support for victims of a natural disaster?
What took you so long to respond to Mexico. Are you sincere on standing with the people of Mexico?
After what you said about that country to get elected?  Step down sir. Picking you apart is way too easy
All I ask is that you do your job with the complete respect to the American citizens sir,  that is not too much to ask
May Allah bless them
How many different god and lod
Who is second god in the world please
Still on 140 @realDonaldTrump ?
(P.S. can you help build a walls that’ll deny you human rights?-Donald! Xo!)
But yet, you want a wall, right?
You ar a fucking hipocrat
We don't even need our own government. What tf makes you think we need yours!?
Fuck off.
We're saving ourselves. 
#FuerzaMéxico.
are u still building the wall?
We have plenty of their people that we are sending to help clean up.
Mr. President, despite of many pros& cons on your decision, I believe that having the heart fear of God is & will be your biggest strength
Talk is cheap.
What exactly did you do for Mexico city?
You F^king hypocrite
y porque dices que mexico no es tu amigo no mereses la amistad de mexico
nomas porque quiere aguacates 
Hey what about your own citizens in Puerto Rico.  Maybe you should focus some blessings and money on them
Please help them...
That corrupt government is stealing the monies that are sent to help. And now they are restricting the internet....
only little words
Yea by building a wall lmaoooo
Pinche hipócrita hablador racista! Y todavía hay ilusos que te creen! Asco! 
I el muro tmb estara alli
What about the people of Puerto Rico? They are begging for help and it seems nothing is happening..
We'll be there for you...to take your money to pay for our wall to keep you out.
Pinche hipócrita que eres, espero alguien te baje todo lo que te crees, y adivina quien te lo va a bajar nosotros los mexicanos.
But you're still paying for the wall. Smh
5mentarios
VIVA U.S.A.........VIVA MÉXICO...... VIVA #FUERZAMEXICO THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR SUPPORT TO MÉXICO..........!

I will be back #Mexico City. Tm
U mean, by building a wall???
YOU MAKE NO SENSE
For the love, leave the #DACA and leave the young dreamers, remove the otten as gangs, rapists and more
No no no no no no
Vete alv puto perro @realDonaldTrump   concha la madre
Chismoso  @realDonaldTrump  dices que nos odias y ahora si nos das tus condolencias mejor no estés de hipocrita y sigue en lo que estas
Are you still going to build the wall
Amen
We will be there for you by building a wall.
We don’t want/need your help, we can manage on our own. Go bomb North Korea, that’ll get your “ratings” up!
Too bad you didn't talk to the government about the three person mitochondria the scientist 'created'.  Maybe no earthquakes?
But you want to build a wall to keep them away but you also want to be there for them ??? Explain !!
I'm coming for you
No worries, we'll be there you Mexicans as soon as we've finished building the wall
Yeah right. You are only saying that to be a goody goody and still try to kick them out. Kick my ass
Yes, Trump God bless #Mexico What about #PuertoRico? We're also #UnitedStatesCitizen since 1917 I think before you wer born.
Why don't u send some aid to the millions of US citizens in Puerto Rico??
Amen
Is this before or after you "make them pay for the wall?" Lol. Too much bullshit.
Not with a wall between us. Get real!
FAKE NEWS!!! 
As long as you pay for the wall- then #trump will be there for you. #icallbullshit #loser
Thank you Sir. We really appreciate it.
for the love of God please stop tweeting and get off social media
Blah blah blah
But we still need to build a wall...ridiculous
FUCK You México DONT Need You
Hey now you don't need to build a wall since Mexico was destroyed 
FU TRUMP FOR BEING SO FAKE
Even with the wall?
By 'we' you mean 'not the american people' right?
If our president doesnt like mexicans what is this. So many uneducated people these days.
I hope so.do as much and more as possible. What about the folks in Puerto Rico? Desperation
He huffed and he puffed and he blew the wall down
Yep oh by the way send the check for the wall too.
Is this before or after you build a walk around them, Sir Hypocrite?
RE: Mexico. Instead of spending millions when they are in the US. Send millions to Mexico to take care of their people in their own country.
Aye, Mr Obama got 1.4 million likes to a similar tweet. This has got to piss you off. Sad man. When will you build the wall.
You hate Mexicans?
Too little too late
With all due respect, Mr. Chairman, please do not be so hypocritical.

Their kids aren't.  Please send them back so that they can be! #EndDACA Let them serve Honorably in our military or deport!
How if you want them to pay for the wall your building
as long as you stay out of the USA
Yeah keep sending earthquakes so they can comply lol ....
DONNY SAYS : Now...that being said , give us money to build that wall Mexico. 
Sad!
Yeah he's with you while he wants to wall you off like a disease.
and you want them to pay for your so called wall when this has happen to the people of mexico we should be helping them.
Thought that they were drug dealers and rapists make up your, was going to say mind but its obvious to most of us yours is a train wreck
We will continue to build that stupid fucking wall though #hypocrite #potus #prayingformexico
Until the walls built .. then you're on your own
As long as you pay for the wall and fleece my corporations pockets.
fat cunt
this really does not make sense
You are is hipcrite, fake presedent little hands.
Really? // what?
But.... you want to build a wall. Makes sense.
Hipocrita
That's why you want to build a wall, right? Because out helps and shows our support.
Crook
HIPOCRITA!!!
@realDonaldTrump YesMexico, we are with you right up until we build that wall.  #disgustingPOTUS
Providing you pay for that wall, of course.
Except if you want to live here.
Shove it trump, we don't need your fake words you FAKE PRESIDENT!!!
Jaja te la Trumpmamaste
I hope you slip and fall in a tub
