Good luck, Sir. Seems like the Democrats are never gonna let our agenda through, and I'm betting some Republicans have been bought
As one of the people that the Democrats are supposedly protecting with keeping Obamacare, I ask them to stop it. It screwed me
After six months, we're forced to live with a loser President
It took 8 years for obama to take America down to the sewer it will take 8 years to clean up his crap, hang on for the ride of your life 
The ACA literally saved my life and I only have to pay $500 out of pocket for the serious medical attention I needed. #idontseeyoudoingit
500 out of pocket.  You do pay premiums, right?
This only shows that Democrats look like bullies making us keep a hc that is killing us 
That you exploded... wow.
move on and drop it no one wants to here it any longer about repeal&replace your like a cry baby get over it.
Also, an imploding President!
What’s your solution!
Love to you from me. You now ho i am.  Honeybear. 
don't you know anything repeal or replacing anything takes alot of time rush it and you may cause more damage and leave many witout insuance
After seven years of "talking" Repeal &amp; Replace, the people of our great country are still being forced to live with...
yea isn't grand getting Obamacare Replaced will be an ack of God and you not him.
#repealandreplace
I lost my benefits when my job ended due to a back injury. Trying to find affordable insurance for my family has been impossible.
Why did Australia turn you down for a casino as well? Mob ties?
ACA  isn't imploding even with Repub attempts to kill it.
your Tweet was quoted by @washingtonpost
Guess we should just let it implode.
You know nothing. In spite of your sabotage it's doing really well.
Obamacare Implosion greatly exaggerated https://nyti.ms/2p3PygA 
After 7 months of the "Trump Presidency" the people of our great country are still being forced to live with Imploding Trump Administration!
And reaping the rewards of the highest employment rate that obama cared little about. #libtard
Obama care es El seguro de salud  impuesto por el expresidente pagar Abortos y cambios de genero
After seven years of "talking" Repeal & Replace, the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding ObamaCare!
sí, es una máquina de matar bebés
We are also being forced to live with imploding YOU. This is a much larger problem.
No, the problem was imploding democrats into progressives into NAZIS...
We are forced to live with you so there's that.
The only thing that needs repealing and replacing is the President of the United States.
Trump's presidency is imploding. We are seeing it live on Twitter.
Our 45 Presidents of these United States:
Ass
By you pardoning Arpaio why should any Democrate work with you on anything you want you really messed up.
Term limits
Sorry ass crooks both sides
Go trump
Remove the subsidy from the swamp's benefits & watch how fast O.C. gets rpealed
Mooch didn't realize repeal and replace meant anyone Donnie hires.
... because the lame-ass Republican pretend President and Republican Party are ineffective, pathetic losers?
Then FIX it, not repeal it!
You're the traitor causing it to implode by not upholding the law!  What a loser you are!
Ever notice Trump is always being personally attacked and yet nobody attacks his actual policies. No facts just invective.
If Trump did nothing for the next seven years he will have appointed Gorsuch and reduced illegal immigration 75%.
Keep working at it. Many Americans don't have a clue about Obamacare. Give them a look ... Link it.
if it weren't for #republicans #obamacare would have been what it was intended. Your party (of choice for now) has raped the american people
That's why, stop money flow
Yes, because you can't fix it,  you want to make it worst, you want to punish the poor and make the rich richer. Learn, listen and act
@realDonaldTrump NOW force Congress to do the same! Rescind their exemption!
After 7 years of talking, you'd think the Republican Party & so-called president would have a plan, but they have none. So they failed....
Trumpcare=Hatecare  Let's call a tax cut for millionaires what it is. Not one positive or compassionate thing, just BULLY TO GET THE WIN.
Mr President get the government out of health care! That will make the premiums go down!
why don't you use your amazing nego skills and get ALL CEOs in healthcare to lower profits for a healthier America????
It's not really called Obama care. HOW RUDE #SAD
Imploding only due to a will to hurt people and not properly funded.  Republican Hypocrisy! Your companies suck and so do you!
Empty promises with no real policy ideas. Just like Trump.
Good job 
REPEAL Congress' Insurance Subsidies!
Right, they should adopt your plan that will put 23 million off insurance and give you a tax cut.

People are dying because of this ? Just because the name is Obama care just change the name simply .
Maybe because they did the math already did math that Universal Healthcare is the only way to Make America Great Again and are waiting...
Ignore the second did math. That was a typo.
It's NOT imploding- YOU are!!
You're the one who promised 'better coverage and better premiums!' Where r ur great ideas? Have u developed mutism? More likely Alzheimer's!
Not imploding, just has the wrong name, right Donnie?
Because you can't come up with anything reasonable to replace it.
Executive Order to Stop Mandates please!!!
While you sabotage it !
Stop trying to kill poor people.
It is a shame! Most people just don't know how bad Obamacare really is! We need insurance like Congress gets! BETTER!
Democrats have declared war on the Trump Administration and war on the American people. They will pay dearly at the ballot-box next year!
Except that Republicans control the House & Senate, dweedledum.
Your election promises are. D.O.A. Tone to move onto the best blunder, the next failed promise. Flipped Rep, no faith in the party anymore.
Then #DoYourPh☆kkinJob #DrainTheSwamp #Repeal&ReplaceObummerCare & END #MarijuanaProhibition
@Scaramucci #assclownmucci when #douchetrump was tweeting about #replacing well there you go!  #embarrassment all of you
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." Thomas Edison
Yeah yeah but living with you as #POTUS is worse believe me, bigly believe #WH is imploding! #fool get your head out of your ass
After 6 months you are terrorizing the world. I take ACA over you any day!
A helluva lot better then what you proposed! Resign now please0
I still think we'll get rid of Obamacare very soon in the future and a time comes we will get rid of Obamacare
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAH YOU COCKSUCKER
Obama Care is better than no insurance that a lot of us people had, especially with health problems. I'm thankful for obamacare.
Shame on the #Senate and especially #McCain
When  most trump supporters lose there health insurance theta will wake up
the 22 million or so people who will lose insurance under TRUMPNEVERCARED don't see it like you do ! you are living in an alternatereality
Let it. Democrats can explain then. 
senators, directors, communicators, of our great contry!  What a pitty MrJohn Kerry! 
Lies
Helluva lot better than being forced to live with you, Dumpy!
Well what you offered as a replacement is not good enough! Listen!
They will be nationalizing pensions and 401Ks next.
I see u r not so great at making deals after all.
Give the people the better healthcare plan that was promised instead of trying to force crap.
@Scaramucci You guys are truly Hero's I mean 3 2 1 #baddaboom
#AnthonyScaramucci be like  "Hey Mr #President Are you full of #Beryllium #Gold & #Titanium ? .Cuz you're BE-AU-TI-FUL baby "
Blah blah blah. Bullshit jargon that says nothing; means nothing;rhetoric 
Ow! My leg hurts! Must be Obamacare! NOT!!! Obamacare isn't hurting me at all. Which people of our great country are you talking about?
wake up Don, "They"... that's your GOP, own it or you're FIRED.
If we're forced to live with Ocare, then they should be too! End their exemption. What's "good" for all, should be "great" for Congress too!
Forced? We were forced to accept you as CinC aka #liarinchief #3millionvotes #keeptheaca
Yay! My patients are so happy they have great care thanks to the ACA. Thank you President Obama! America misses you.
@2016Bionde
@POTUS you mean sabotaged Obamacare. #ImpeachTrumpPence #PutinsPuppet #TREASON
It's all @TomiLahren fault. Apparently she is benefiting from Obamacare and won't give it up. #NoOneLikesYou
Ask McCain for his replacement HC plan. Where the hell is it? He had 7 years. NO is apparently all he is capable of.  Time to retire.
Because the Republican government you lead, who hold the house, senate and executive never had a plan and now can't figure one out
WHAT A SMALL LITTLE MAN IN ALL WAYS
If you want Obama care gone it's called an executive order simple and blow up North Korea while your at it
Make congress go on "Islamacare" they will change their minds.
The only thing imploding is the White House
@realDonaldTrump Donald your just like a jealous girlfriend "Babe get rid of your previous ex girlfriends things"
"With imploding ObamaCare"
The only thing imploding is your head -- the thought of a move from 1 "dump" to the another must b terrifying.  Lol.
The only implosion is you, on Twitter, with your hourly toddler meltdowns #evilcheeto
And...loving it!!!
Talk is cheap except when it comes to adding to $20 trillion in debt and continuing to plunder taxpaper $. Get serious.
Where is that great healthplan you promised to all americans? Were you lying like all of the repubs? Yes
ACA is a blessing for me. Needs reforming not repealing
Lie
With each successive tweet, you demonstrate how very little you actually understand.  @realDonaldTrump
You cannot stand to lose can you?  Now - try to work with Democrats.
An awakening comes when u verify what u hope isn't true. Dims & Rep live 2 lie (some exceptions). Caught n blatant lies. PPL r awake now
People will die without health insurance. Canada could give you tips
QUIT SABOTAGING ACA & allow it to be FIXED! UR Sick Obsession & Jealousy of @BarackObama is DISGUSTING! Get over him & @HillaryClinton
The function of Obamacare is revenue enhancement. They couldn't leave 1/6 of the economy alone. They go where the money is.
Stop
@Scaramucci Drop health care debate.   Want 2020- focus on jobs, economy and safety.  
BECAUSE Your a MORAN! You blame everybody but yourself instead of golfing, you should of  helped make it happen?
These #trumpertantrums are boring. If only you could put all this petulant energy into something positive... #presidentingishardyouguys
Yeah because it,s good. And you are not the boss it seems ..hhhh obsessed covfefe
Screw you Donny
We are drowning in monthly premium costs, Mr President!!! My health insurance cost $650 a month for a Bronze! Worst ever
the people of this country need insurance but hey that doesnt affect you does it. i hope karma comes soon for you you are evil
Maybe you could think about what the common person actually needs, not what Corporations claim common people don't need.
Fire every Democrat they are acting like babies
Right... "talking" why have you been able to get it done? Oh right... because you all just talk and do nothing
Quit worrying about Obama care and start worrying about the infrastructure of this country,electrical grid is in sorry shape bridges,water
Not your fault. Blame McCain.
Then FIX IT! I thought you had this one in the bag? Reps only had 7 years to work on it, but came up with a "skinny" replace.
Let Congress reap the benefits of ObamaCare, take away their subsidies, Their Congressional Income far exceeds that of the majority.

We the People, want the Affordable Healthcare Act. We can all see through your lies.
The people of the US are being forced to live with imploding administrative branch with @RealDonaldTrump in the Presidency
You FAILED. Art of the NO DEAL. Can't make a deal when GOP controls all - SAD, PATHETIC
Obamacare is straight up ruining my livelihood. I cannot afford $14,000/year for healthcare plus all the copays, deductibles, etc
I thought you were going to make us great again. Now you're saying we are great. So Mission Accomplished. Time to resign.
Trump the chump said he wd fix it and it wd be "so easy" lol.  He doesnt know squat abt it how to fix it.  Its HIS FAULT AND NO ONE ELSE'S!
The majority of Americans DO NOT want Trumpcare. ACA needs to be fixed not repealed
Make congress use Obama care as their primary insurance and they will replace immediately. I guarantee it!
If we're being "forced" then Congress should also be FORCED TO LIVE WITH OBAMACARE TOO!! @SpeakerRyan @tedcruz @SenJohnMcCain @TomCottonAR
Obamacare has a much higher approval rate than you do.. in 7 years the GOP couldnt find a better option.  You will own the failure of Ocare
You're delusional. 80 % of the people,are against repeal and replace. 70% of Americans want to repeal and replace you.
and you guys aren't even trying to help The People, just the wealthy and the insurance co's. you all make us sick. pun intended.
