Yes, legal workers.
We want to make sure that we have the workforce development programs we need to ensure these jobs are.... https://twitter.com/rx ...
Applaud the 40-45  Republicans that voted FOR the repeal and bash the Rinos that lie and obstruct. Replace these lying scum.
PRICE TAG????????????????
So just how does it feel to look at a random crowd and know the 2 put of every 3 people HATE ypu?
The fascist enslavement program begins. Overflow and dropouts will be directed to the privatized military in the form of mercenaries and domestic security forces to enforce "law".
Please
WHATEVER THAT MEANS (August 11, 2017; 14:29 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
You are 100% right, Mr President.
If you do this, actually DO this, I will concede you did one good thing as POTUS. But you have to give job training more than lip service.


Trump
@realDonaldTrump I hope So,You And Congress need to fix the Workforce System

WHO HAS 20 MINUTES TO WATCH A WEB PRESENTATION THAT COULD CHANGE YOUR LIFE?!

https://alsami.jeunesseglobal.com/en-US/financial-rewards …
We don't need any Trump items to help out maybe more Grants or maybe the healthy lunch menu you pulled from public schools. Your funny
Mr trump we believe n every u say it's right so keep on saying what god give u to say
Is this what you meant by creating jobs?
Abbia
mo bisogno di assicurarci che questi programmi sono.
k miNoi vogliamo essere sicuri che abbiamo la forza lavoro i programmi di sviluppo.
Pls take the fluoride out of the water systems. 
Thinking ppl are rational.
All for a good work force but would a work force that mimics the work force we have now so that all benefit?
Neighborhood friendship and work training programs in hard pressed economic cities. Intarstruct projects, housing, schools, stores, peace.
Oh yeah right. Why don't you adjust your thinking and understand we need fewer workers as a percentage of the population? America is losing.
Does that include the EB-5 program ???
Is this going to help that Republican rep. Contractor in Florida desperate for about 4 different skill levels??
We need to stop taking down our civil war monuments. You need to handle that shit.
quit my PT job obama gave me for My 2 start up businesses. Lawn service and painting. Have so much turning work down

Funny how Unite the Right Freedom of speech rally became White Supremacists after being attacked by blm and antifa 
http://www.sundaystreams.com/go/calvarytabindy/vid/331245 …  People who  Hate the lord hate themselves. People who Love themselves Love the Lord  #AMEN #MAGA With #Jesus #Amen=
#ImpeachTrump

Trump's workforce development; LampLighters, Ice Chippers, Pinsetters, Lectors, Knocker-uppers, and Log Drivers.
LMAO. Quoting your own nonsense in the third person doth not a memorable quote make.
My mother was diagnosed with Alzheimers when she was your age. Please a nueropsychiatrist now! #dementeddonald
Quoting yourself does not make it true. I hope you are capable of comprehending that
By defending terrorists on American soil you are becoming an enemy of the United States. STOP DEFENDING TERRORISTS!!
Then why are you letting de voss take money away from the school program ,educating our children to be the best in the world not number 30
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentRightNow 
#Amendment25 
#Amendment25now
#Amendment25rightnow

Over the last 4 Days:

-3 US Marines Killed Off Australia
-2 US Soldiers Killed in Afghan Car Bomb…
Resign
Something to help you at your place of work
You is correct, we definitely  need programs like this in the inner cities.
Walmart use to be all USA made not now. Bad business since Sam Walton died.
Fire Koskinen.
Kids now days don't want to work hard and sweat alittle hoos going to build all this infastructure

He is a great president
very good president USA.
Well start working on it
Skilled trade jobs need great vocational schools. College isn't for everyone!
douche.

You first!
Our schools need to be over hauled. Our kids should have the opportunity to succeed.  Colleges are trash now
I pray negative ignorant people would get off your Twitter for productive people to help Make America Great Again @MAGA4thepeople
What about immigrants?
except at Mar A Largo, right?
College=overpriced, denial of civil rights & due process, destruction of workforce development, disparate discipline @finkd @DebtCrisisOrg
When is @POTUS & @usedgov going to hold colleges accountable for overpriced workforce destruction & denying students due process? @finkd
@usedgov motto: We won't defend students and you can't make us. @POTUS @HigherEdNotDebt @DebtCrisisOrg #MAGA @FoxNews @foxandfriends @CNN
@POTUS needs to hold colleges accountable for obstructing motivated student's education & career w/o cause. #MAGA @finkd @HigherEdNotDebt
So you superficially support unions and then tell Congress to fix everything else? Great job you pusillanimous weakling.
Congress should make it law, that if the media deliberately lies to the public, or drives a false narrative to deceive the public, they Pay!
When will you be bringing jobs for making your,clothing line to America?
Resign! We want you gone!
https://twitter.com/adudeinaplace2/status/896933172012822532 …
You're among the most highly focused & God-centered PRINCIPLED MEN I have witnessed. EVER. God blesses you & yours.
Labor Dep. need to be tough & put people to work instead of issue food stamp
There's a lot of job out there, but guess what, Americans don't want those job!!. U can't blame immigrants for doing those jobs..

Have you seen my red tie?  I can't find it anywhere.
My hair looks perfect today right?
You hired your family and friends.. How is it possible you can create jobs .. You only know nepotism
You take about jobs. You are too expensive for us. My taxes has to pay for too much of your pleasures
WHY don't YOU hire AMERICAN?
In other words, there are jobs, there have been jobs all along, but no one qualified to work them. Yet you do so little for education.
Did he just mention the word programs? He knows that's a no no in his party.
Mr. President. Stand your ground! The American people are behind you!
YOU AND BANNON CAN'T EVEN STAFF THE WHITE HOUSE OR STATE DEPARTMENTS! How does ANYONE believe you  will create jobs?
r u a .....

ty for seeing need for training & apprentice opportunities to restore our lost generation who's futures stolen by illegals
Yes you can!
We need good shepherds!
Call those that received unemployment...the long term unemployed.... give the companies some incentive to bring back those workers.
@CNN @CNBC @ABC @NBCNews @nytimes @JoeNBC Do you have ANY clue how trade & economics works?

Let's begin to Stop White Supremacy, Neo Nazis and KKK where they feel most welcome, the White House.  #FireBannon #Charlottesville
BLAH, BLAH, BLAH.  Still feeding us bullshit.  So SAD!
滚犊子
Yes, you failed some white supremacist followers of yours. They selling hot dogs

Then you need to fire #DeVos and get someone who is behind #STEM #education and start from elementary school.
Sent overseas like your clothing companies
Mr President I'm really confused. Why aren't the people that are threatening your life, not being arrested and charged with the full extent
It takes the Elite 30 years to get were we are. And it will take a little time to carral this monster
Yes we are winning!
Provide the jobs and the workforce will be there!
we did, but you screwed the coal peoole.

David Duke today in #Charlottesville talking how how the hate rally "fulfills the promises of Donald Trump." 
Thinking like a real business manager would, thank you we need trade education back in our schools!
We are working with the alliance and with quality jobs programs in oklahoma. They have helped us. Thank you for helping the America worker
Why do you hire illegal immigrants
Hope Betsy doesn't cut that program
Does that mean you and your family will no longer have things manufactured outside this country?
You have our support Mr. President.
What would help Wisconsin would be to open a TRUMP company that could make the items you and you're family brand. Think of the jobs!
Then why do you want to cut the ARC?  Everything you do is to make YOU feel good.  You care about nothing else.
Seriously, stop the delusional lying. Jobs are leaving US at unheard of rates. Sad.
Tell that to the farmers whose crops are rotting in the field
Unable to find ANY FREE JOB RELATED TRAINING(work related software; all levels) for ADULTS 55 ON UP to get a job N Apache Junction/Mesa, AZ.
Need ALL WORKFORCES IN ALL STATES 2 offer: Software traing videos, able 2 print off ANY job related info (Mesa,AZ doesn't on both), etc.
N AZ, off Country Club st N Mesa, the Workforce doesn't have software training classes, restrict on comps, no print of job related info, etc
#RESIGN
FILL THESE JOBS! WE NEED PRODUCE.
Wages rise on California farms. Americans still don't want the job
putting white uneducated males back to work should be your slogan. your workforce are skills, trades NOT professional, or critical, thinkers
"Practice what you Preach!"
Best take out kum jong un and other elite by black ops. Then china can temporary take over the regime
we want to make sure you are impeached
