using ur platform to coerce fascism. there is no law or rule stating anyone has to stand for that weak ass anthem. keep ur wig on tight.
Time for change. As a non-American, I’m no longer purchasing American products until Trump is out. #socialsanctions #resist
Non American says it all LoL
Yep, well done genius, it says that I don’t live in the US.
Glad for that and feel sorry for
The country you are from!
It's doing a whole lot better than the states right now, that's for sure.
Jerry Jones asking someone to kneel.
Judging by her smile in the photo, she glad to kneel. Hahaha
Jerry Jones is a sellout, a traitor to his players & the constitution. He'd rather kneel in front of POTUS crotch, than kneel for justice.
Only legal way to hurt someone is financially. Protesting on company time is bad for business. LOL
Excuse me, but California is literally on fire. Who cares about Jerry Jones?
And who cares about California?
I see what you're implying there, Thor. You no like CA.Newsflash: it's part of your country (& supplies a good chunk of your resources & $)
There's nothing I need from there, and it's not part of my country.
You denying that California is part of the US is as petty as people saying Trump is "not my president"
Exactly!
Fact- California does not give welfare to illegals! Get your facts straight, simply because you say it does not make it true.
#LiarLiarPantsOnFire
Because you're forcing his hand. He doesn't agree with you!
How did he force his hand? I believe that was the fans who forced his hand. No money, no NFL. See how that works?
See how that works? No $ no NFL that's how they forced his hand! You answered the question yourself.
U better read NFL rule book. I'll help U out it's section 62& 63. It works like policies that employers have in place 4 employees 2 follow.

Show your ignorance much you really believe all Trump supporters are like that that's why you guys keep losing!
JERRY JONES IS A BIGGER HYPOCRITE  THAN YOU IF THAT'S EVEN POSSIBLE.  I HOPE THE WHOLE TEAM TAKES A  KNEE. RACISTS BIGOTS

1 win...
he shoulda had the balls to do it immediately
We shall see????!
Is that all you do is tweet
Greatest blow job eva!
Rothschild's and Rockerfeller family are the Illuminati. They worship the devil. They finance all  wars on both sides.

lol shitty crop, @Twitter.
Yeah no he won’t
@doedeer1664 BOY IF YOU HAD SUCH PROBLEM WITH IT WHY DID IT TAKE YOU A YR TO SAY A THING, YOU WASTING TAXPAYERS MONEY ON GAME
The real Moron Trump! Enjoy fat boy Dotard!
Children’s healthcare program need attention!
Football is none of your business. It's time for Mueller to investigate the @NFL. Private business is off limits for president's.
Lol..... what a idiot you truly are.
Big shout out to my fellow racist!
MR Jones you are not only making a statement but also putting the NFL on notice stand with us or without that’s way you have a star on your
You're a fascist. Stop disrespecting the Constitution!
I really wish all football players would ‘bench’ themselves;not play at all. Let the ‘owners’ lose $$$$! @realDonaldTrump needs to shut up!
Good job taking care of our country's other problems, Don. Now you can focus on the NFL...Ya' mook.
All due respect Me President, but this coach only decided to order the players to stand as it was affecting his pocket book! No other reason
Are All of your supporters on Twitter fake accounts?
@realdonaldtrump will you apologize to senator McCain for your disrespect to him, a man who was a captured and tortured vet?
No football teams out there trying 2 run The White House. We can fold this dust trail very simply with no pregame activity.
it's a racist circle jerk now between you guys
As if I needed another reason to hate the 
@dallascowboys. Go Eagles! 
Congrats to Toby Jones too for his marvelous performance in BBC Sherlock this year...
Unpatriotic bums are costing the NFL hundreds of millions of dollars! It's time for a crackdown and Jerry Jones knows it!
Jemele Hill, like so many others before her, learned the hard way today that YOU CAN'T BEAT TRUMP! http://offendedamerica.com/alt-left-espn-host-jemele-hill-suspended/ …
While the media lies, Americans know that those who stand with President Trump and the overwhelming majority!
President Trump is unanimously popular for a reason! He is the only man who can #MAGA by bringing back our jobs from overseas!
There is no President in modern history who has achieved so much in so little time
trump has achieves anything, health bill failed, tax bill unlikely to pass,
Thank goodness! I'm glad something is being done!
Yep.
"I have no idea. People who boast about their IQ are losers." – Stephen Hawking, when asked about his IQ.
HALLELUJAH!  Thanks for this tweet.
Please stop this nonsense and get to work! No healthcare, no tax plan, no diplomacy. Sad. #Resist
What's he working on? I love how you guys accuse people you don't agree with of being brainwashed and call names like children.
All the things promised: taxes, healthcare, secure borders, foreign relations, trade, uh...stock market at highest, all while being obstruct
1) Nothing promised was delivered. He has zero plans of his own. He wants to give rich tax cuts, he's horrible at foreign relations.
2) Obstruction? Were you awake for the last 8 years? Rs control everything right now. If they won't help him, the plan is clearly bad.
You know there are no Rd and D's, right??  They are ALL the swamp and they don't want an outsider to uncover their corruption.  They are ALL
I hope the whole starting team takes a knee. I would say that your buddy Jerry won't bench them. Thoughts?
Destroyed? All because the rich men's club wouldn't let your Donny buy a team because even then they knew he was a "f'ing moron". Sad
We laugh at Trump. Feel sorry for Trump supporters, but don't laugh at them. It's not their fault.
LOL. I did? Hard if I wasn't there. You appear to be a good Fox News, Infowars, Brietbart dude. Hope that works out for you.
lol
They Benched Mohammed Ali...Greatest Fighter of them all. " Why should I go fight the little yellow man? I aint got no beef with Him. He aint done Me wrong."
Fark Trump.
Now maybe if Republicans in Congress would stand up to your criminal activities.
I'm with that ppl. It's blatantly disrespectful to our country, people and flag. One who can't respect it should not make big salaries nor be respected either. I haven't watched a game all year. I KNOW A LOT OF PEOPLE WHO ARE DOING THE SAME. Pretty soon they'll be know NFL .
The US ARMY FOOTBALL TAKES A KNEE during the anthem so obviously its not disrespect
#FakeNews
Love Trump
It is the on,y right thing. These guys are to dumb to understand they should be going after Govs mayors and congress of the offending states
Puts!
We must not support nfl anymore
Oh like Jerry is a saint. Groping girls that could be his grand daughters. Oh yes so proud of that piece of shit. Grab her by the pussy
DISTRACTION. DISTRACTION. DISTRACTION. DISTRACTION. DISTRACTION. DISTRACTION. DISTRACTION. DISTRACTION.
@KingJames is on you bro 

Why don’t you get off of the NFL?!! Ridiculous!!! Why haven’t you tweeted about the 4 American soldiers who were killed by ISIS a week ago?
Screw the NFL feed your people before you give a hoot what they do during the anthem. Americans first not money first.
Says deferment boy, who dissed a Gold Star family and a real war hero like @SenJohnMcCain  Your very existence disrespects America!
I agree
FINALLY!
Too Little, Too Late!
looks like Jerry's giving a big salute, too! This is the only #TakeTheKnee these guys understand...
all of the Cowboys should take a knee...what then Jerry you damn sure can't play without players.
What about wasting tax payer money on a staged walk out? Is that how we should respect america?
I wholeheartedly agree Mr President!!! 
There is no virtue in forced patriotism.
Like they give a fuck. They get paid anyway. You should be supporting their rights. Not a piece of cloth.  America First right?
@realDonaldTrump as an American you embarrass me. Sorry but NOT SORRY!
Communist country here we come
A big salute to #sextrafficker #JerryJones pictured here just like Weinstein with some #underage girls. But at least he stands for the flag.
YAY!!! WOO HOO!!
Unless their names are Das, Dez, Ezekiel, Jason, but yeah, except for them...
A president who wimped out of the draft 5 times has no right to criticize those who kneel for the anthem
Right on Jerry!  Always have been and will be a Cowboys fan!
.
    ". . . and I don't see any horns on you, boy."
How about NFL call GOOD Constitutional attorneys like these who play by the rules (Constitution). 
https://www.lc.org/newsroom/details/092717-nfl-players-have-no-first-amendment-right-to-protest ….
Remember when you mocked and disrespected Gold Star parents and disrespected POWs. That wasn’t very patriotic
I hope the entire team kneels.
THE COWBOYS ARE TRASH ANYWAY. JUST LIKE YOU
100% agree with this one. A believe they have a right to protest injustices but don't disrespect our country doing it. Be more positive!
White people will clap for our touchdowns ... but won't kneel for our equality
White people will clap for your touchdowns? WTF is that? Get real. You do realize that white people play in the NFL as well, right?
Anti black or brown anything!!!!!
He can’t do that. There is no rule saying players have to stand. He will not get away with it.
It's about time Jerry Jones'
Because you THREATENED his money source. 
All you know is threats and  intimidation - not DEALS you supposedly had a talent for.

It doesnt matter we know how those ungrateful creeps really feel.
Fire them.... replace them...
Well of course he's doing it because u made him. I'm pretty sure he doesn't want to lose his players
LOL, he doesn't want to lose his money either, which he is. Jerry Jones is pathetic.
Instead, give of themselves to help dad-less boys, the root of so much poor Black crime.  'Course to do that, one must HAVE integrity.
Resign

And then he Joins them on National TV!???
and we wonder how this all started.....BOOM!
Go Jerry!!
And what  @realDonaldTrump are you doing to support the cause being championed? How is your administration addressing racism and prejudice?
Well. That isn't what he said. Shocking that you might not be telling the truth
disasters is an obvious sign that you don't have any idea what you're doing, let alone how to set a priority. You're embarrassing yourself.
Suck a dick ..focus on running the country and stop picking unnecessary fueds...complete dumb ass
Jerrys team can stand for the national anthem because they lay down when the game starts!!
What if a majority of the team did not stand and they could not play?
Jerry Jones the pervert... Of course he would be ur support
Jerry Jones is a pig of a man, but you the dotard created this mess.
#CafeteriaPatriot
Can we bench you? I really want to let another player have a go.
The rest of the league needs to follow suit! Spoiled ass punks!
This is actual fake news
The man kneel down he lost his credibility, he's standing for the $$$$
A big fatty toward JJ I for one will be boycotting the Dallas Cowboys for now and the foreseeable
Going to be fun watching the Cowboys try to play with no players on the field.
Where's the outrage Dotard ?!?!
I just saw your work tweet then scrolled down to this lol hopefully this was somewhat of a stress relief
Hey dummy..there are AMERICAN traditions we do..try going to a NASCAR race and taking a knee....you better have security around you..
The brown shirts require submission from all.
He won't though. Jerry is afraid of his players
I am disappointed in all of the NFL....such spoiled brats....keep your personal feelings off the field....how rude and disrespectful.
America's Team, no wonder!
Too late.#BoycottNFL
The dumbest shit.
Trump, what do you stand for?  Not America. You're inept, have zero integrity and embolden American enemy white supremacist neo nazis.
Patriots will always Trump communist led useful idiots
VERY GOOD!
This bigotry needs to stop. They shouldn't get paid until they respect the country they're representing on a sports game!
Naw he wont. He understands the first amendment.
Fucking Reality Show. 

Can't imagine the future Ken Burn's 20 hour doc about this fucking nut in 40 years.
#JerryJones  is #TakeTheKnee  for Trump while Trump is on his knees for Putin
Yo remember how he knelt before the anthem the other night to protest your twitter fingers?
You disrespect our flag every day (trying to silence free press, draft dodger, attacking health care). Please bench yourself.
He’s just covering his ass. He allowed several of them to sit in the locker rooms while the anthem played. Still the same regardless.
SIT IT OUT, MEN! Looks like these days, you have to "sit" for what you believe in. #SignLanguage #FreeSpeech #americaninjustice
shut up
let! them! kneel! it is not disrepectful and you have blown this out of proportion. stop.
Players can also bench his profits. Changes in their performance could not been proved to be on purpose. Ouch...
You are a MORON.
If you're a Trump supporter, & yelled kneeling during the anthem was disrespecting the military but are silent now…please take several seats
"If the reported behavior is one-sided or includes threats"...is @realDonaldTrump every other day. Seriously @Twitter do better!!!!!!
What do you intend to do with police brutality
Thank Mr. President; For soldiers, like ME  kneeling during the anthem is insulting, just like Klan members burning crosses. Both r hurtful!
Our food becoming more artificial by the day becoming less and less nutritional but hey at least you care about football.
Boycott the racist Cowboys.
Lost all respect for @realJerryJones.
He's no man.
He cowers.
I haven't seen an anti-racism tweet since you became a burden on that presidential chair, yet you busy mocking NK & NFL....

Isn’t it a shame we have to TELL grown adults to STAND in honor of our country?
Why are you focusing on this?
Hope he's prepared to forfeit the game -
A true patriot!
Jerry Jones we are Grateful
@DineshDSouza still  not  watching, EVER AGAIN.
But why did he have to kneel with them before the anthem. That was nonsense.
Jones, the only owner with balls.
It's "Stand for the Anthem or hang out in the locker room.". Can you not read?
