Hey Donny 2 Scoops!  Don't tweet about it.  *Do* something about it.  Or is this your way of telling us you heard about it?

Did you get this info from the source directly or fox & friends? What kind of idiot retweets fox & friends?
Using campaign contributions for lawyers for Don Jr, and to give Erics wife a job reading 'alternative facts.' like a North Korean.
No mention of the Marines who perished or the terrorist attack on the mosque in MN
Thank you for your sacrifice to get our great nation back on track! God bless you sir!!!!!
3 Years, 5 Months, 12 Days, 6 Hours, 18 Minutes, and 1 Second
Plus 4 years
Do you ever turn fox off?
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews  REALLY? TELL US MORE. WE LOVE HEARING TOP SECRET INFORMATION ON TWITTER.
 PAGING GENERAL KELLY.
Love my President and his Family! Go Trump Go.
Trump retweeting classified information. In Trump's defense, he never reads the classified briefings nor is he capable of understanding them
the dumb leading the blind equates to total ignorance on both parts.
#TwoMinuteManBaby
This is not going to end well, so Let's Just Do It
एक बार जरूर देखें ये मोदी जी का गाना 
Narendra Modi Song 2017
Great song. He is a great leader and one of the greatest in a long time.
@IMPOTUS your @VP has the movers on speed dial. Ready to move into The Dump.
If it goes to sea we need to sink it!
When they aren't being used on ALL US citizens and foreign diplomats
I don't know what's a leak or what is fake news or what is just alternative facts....much less the truth getting retweeted from this account
This easily qualifies as a leak. You can't pick and choose. Americans need consistency, at the least.
Your U.N. Sec'y says that this story you retweeted is based on classified info. Is AG Sessions investigating you?
You just LEAKED sensitive military intelligence material. LEAKER-IN-CHIEF
What Have We Learned Today Class? That It's Okay If PresidentDickless Utilizes a FoxNews Report ThatContains Anonymous Sources & LeakedInfo
Why would POTUS need to get his intel briefing from Fox News? Perhaps the real intel is planted there to make sure Trump pays attention?
Sanctions aren't working w this lunatic! He is literally gearing up to nuke us! We gotta make a move! This is very scary!
Keep Korea informed 

Biased show.
Go back to your vacation. Country is safer with you on it.

Who's the leaker
Is the intelligence briefing fr patriots willing to give their lives for OUR country too complicated so you go w/ Fox&Friends? #notqualified

NO DOUBT THEY'RE BAD..., (August 8, 2017; 5:50 EDT) #NORTHKOREA #FAIL
Isn't reporting classified information bad? Or is it only bad when the NYT does it?
You just retweeted @foxnews. Are they the new intelligence organization? Who leaked this to them? Better get Jeff Sessions after them.
He likes the leaks that don't talk bad about him. They're safe
This administration is stuck on stupid.  No further agenda will be able to be passed.  @GOP  find your spines and get rid of this fool!
Meanwhile in Bedminster, our president continues to play golf.
The DPRK is the greatest existential threat of our time. This is no time to play politics. You do NOT want to be labaeled as a traitor.
Existential threat? Absolutely WORST case scenario is they MIGHT be able to nuke 1 American city. Maybe. That's not an "existential" threat.
An EMP strike would be disable the entire electrical grid, nuclear power plants, dams, cars, cell phones nationwide. 90% US population dead.
DPRK doesn't have a nuke remotely close enough to being powerful enough for that. They're a threat to SK and Japan, maybe Hawaii. That's it.
It only requires a 10kt detonation @ altitude 300 mi. That's not very big at all. Their largest has been +20kt.
There's no way they can get their largest onto an ICBM that reach North America.
This was as of the July 4th launch:


That Donald Trump guy should run for president. He'd do really well with stupid people.

Since last week, three Marines have been killed & a mosque bombed in MN terror attack. The President hasn't said a word on that.
But he is sharing a Fox report on North Korea when he has the world's most powerful intel agencies at this command.
Trump has no idea how to lead & what to say. No wonder Reps are looking at other leadership options for 2020.
At the very least, they need to find a candidate who won't promote leaked, classified info, while prosecuting others for lesser leaks.

Wrong, but nice try! #TRUMP2020 
FAKE NEWS
So.....what's your plan?
"Plan? No plan. I told China to fix it, okay?"
RT @foxandfriends: U.S. spy satellites detect North Korea moving anti-ship cruise missiles to patrol boat https://twitter.com/bhaggs ...
Its getting serious. Lord protect our country from this mad man. Thank you Lord for our President.  Sister in Christ
Blow up that patrol boat!!??
,...but THIS COMBO JUST AS BAD (August 8, 2017; 5:50 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FOXNEWSUS #FAIL
I ain't believing this fear porn
Feminazis Explained.
Illegals:
Do you have a source to back up any of these ridiculous stats?
Only one way to deal with this . Kick ass time .
And have millions of people die?
Desperate isn't it that some people get a hard on at the thought of war.
I know right? Easy for him to say as he eats guys fruit loops and drinks coffee.
yea, let's just sit her and let NOKO nuke us... you know, to make a point that we hate war...
Sorry Emi, I missed the part where anybody said we shouldn't deal with the situation.
how would an "anti war" person deal with it? would they ever take preemptive action to save OUR lives?
Yes, but they wouldn't delight in willy-waving, and the process of doing so like it's a playground scrap. Big, big difference.
LEAKER LEAKER
You guys stop leaking national security information! And I mean it!
I demand an investigation!
And prosecution!

Breaking News:
North Korea Launches Nuclear Missile
Epic Fail
Video Proof
…
We support you mr president

So leaks are only bad when they point out your incompetency and shortcomings, but not when they compromise national security? Oh, got it.
Thanks for the classified info.. I thought I had to in the GOV or Military to know this kind of stuff. Thank you sir. Any alien info around?
Why is the @POTUS re-tweeting leaked classified information, from anonymous sources? #hypocrite @AGJeffBSessions should investigate
There's NO Way to talk or negotiate with a sociopath! Please, Pres. Trump, protect our nation's citizens.
There still has been nothing in any of the media about this unsourced story.
We should dock their patrol boats on the bottom of the bay.
Ummm, classified info leaked BY YOU! #LEAKER!
All this is the late 50's and early 1960's all over again. History is repeating.  Invest in bomb shelters.
Way to share classified information on Twitter. You cannot really possibly be president, right?
Perhaps it is a good thing to share this info at this time, like, look guys things are getting serious.
What's wrong with u?! RTing leaked stories negates ANY leg to argue against leaked stories. Ur naïvety to disclose classified info #Unfit
~(*L*)~ Are You @realDonaldTrump by any chance keeping Putting informed on this matter via social media?  @CNNPolitics | @VP Just Asking!
If I were still in the navy I would hate you being my commander in chief. Do you even understand classified SOP. NEITHER CONFIRM NOR DENY
Is Jeff Sessions going to find out who is leaking this classified intel? Oops it ls @realDonaldTrump. Never mind.

There you go tweeting Unnamed Sources! And exposing sensitive intelligence. #leakerinchief #BeleagueredTrump #OrangeClown #WW3
hey @realDonaldTrump you have agencies that you may want to check with before just randomly believing Fox News and making statements
I guess .@realDonaldTrump IS THE LEAKER...
As president I will start getting my news from real sources like my advisors. I should not confirm news stories. It's dangerous.
@TheresaMechele. Those should be the first to be sunk, since their targets are Ageis Missile frigates.
sink it
@realDonaldTrump - this gravy train just continues because those attached to it have no real benefit in it stopping.  So sad for real USA...
I feel confident that one day, you will tweet the nuclear codes
Knock em out President Trump
Loose lips sink ships, Mr. President...
#LiarInChief #ImpeachTrump #LittleDonnieTantrump
#WorstPresidentEver
So now you're retweeting classifed intel that even your Ambassador agrees shouldn't be in the press? Not the sharpest knife in the drawer.
Here we go friends!
During the campaign, didn't @realDonaldTrump say that  would never obtain nuclear weapons if he was elected? #TheResistance
WOW JOB WELL DONE, ONCE AGAIN U &FOX DISCLOSE CLASSIFIED INFO, JUST 2 MAKE URSELF LOOK GOOD,SO IT SESSIONS GONNA GO AFTER FOX 4 REPORTING IT
When is testing a weapon a crime and a threat, US. Russia and China also did some testing, why no crime and threat
I thought you were uptight about the Fake News media publishing leaks relative to national security. Oh, it depends on your opinion.
@realDonaldTrump so anonymous sources are cool if they come from fox??

You are the singular most dangerous person to world peace. You alone will get us to WW3. #25thAmendmentNow  because you are nuts!!!

So you're the leaker of classified info mystery solved
U.S. officials with knowledge of the latest intelligence in the region told Fox News on Monday Sounds like "unnamed source" 2 me.#Hypocrites

38% and dropping.....
Trump you just retweeted highly sensitive info that according to your UN ambassador, should not have been leaked nice job explain yourself
Why is @FoxNews not being investigated for leaking classified info? You people are never again allowed to mention @HillaryClinton emails
Sink it
Wait, is this from the same intelligence agencies that said Iraq had WMDs?
Why are you leaking classified information ?
Way to go ... leaking classified info on your own now?  Wow you really are too dangerous to have this kind of info ...
So it's just cool to show off our spy satellites and let the enemy know how much we can see of them?
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews I thought we were stopping the leaks?
The President of the United States should not be tweeting news from Fox. I'll decide which media outlet I want to listen to (hint, hint).
Are we gonna let them continue or take care of it??
LEAKER!!!  TRAITOR!!!! #25amendmentnow
Not a spy satellite any more, you intel-leaking traitor!! Really???
Guess who is leaking classified info!
YOU are LEAKING classified information!  Session need look no further for the leaker.
A BUFFOON...he retweeted CLASSIFIED INFORMATION isn't this against the law,BLOTUS is not fit for the office of president
Nothing Fox and Friends says is true, Fat Donald.  They probably tell you you're skinny.
Is this national security information the product of #leaks and anonymous sources.  I hope @jeffsessions finds these leakers pronto.
Fire & fury = power @ dingbat in chief
If you plan on taking us into a war with North Korea so you could stay in office,......
#CNN what a bunch of idiots. Deescalating in North Korea has never worked. They now have nukes. North Korea's Chubby little leader spank him
#DPRNK support POTUS and D ERIC SWALWEL just made a huge mistake and gave away Top Secret information on CNN.
#CNN (D) Eric Swalwel just made major mistake on CNN and gave away TOp Secret information. Way to go CNN LOSERS. Prosecute!
I thought the president hated the leakers?
Just great!  Now the President is sharing classified information on twitter.  OMG when will this end??????  Please resign!
Trump's "Fire & Fury" against NKorea sounds like Bush's failed Shock & Awe. Maybe those 2 girls should talk about bluster.
Why are you and Fox tweeting classified information? Does your Chief of Staff approve of this?
yeah...go ahead their Donny Boy...leak classified US Intel on your twitter account and then blame others for talking to the press about U?
Your brain on fox news. Just say no. #FakeNews
@realDonaldTrump listen to Nikki, she called this classified information and you just retweeted it. Pretty dumb.
He's a walking security leak that now is trying to change the narrative to Hillary's leaking confidential information.
I believe that we've found the source of the leaks. God bless America
Take them out at first provication
Replacing all our intel agencies with Fox News?!  Brilliant you tiny handed orange gas bag!!!!!!!
Fire heavens sake! !! Can't people keep their mouths shut!  They are traitors. Find them;  prosecute them or fire them. They are a plague.
Time to start sinking patrol boats and subs.
#25thAmendmentNow you are the last person who should be in charge right now.
@realDonaldTrump Sessions & police going over to Foxandfriends to  arrest people if they don't give up the leaker? Or is fake news exempt?
Maybe you shouldn't re tweet classified information... Sessions is going to nail you bigly!
So leaks are only bad when they embarrass @POTUS, not when they reveal actual military intelligence?
Si now this "So-Called" @POTUS retweets INTEL LEAKED INFORMATION from his LEAKERS @foxandfriends & @FoxNews! Thought U said that's a crime!
Lol, spy satellites 
If you were so quick to retweet this story based on classified info maybe YOU had something to do with Fox having it in the first place.
and..... wait for it!  you! Biggest Leaker in DC of classified data.... ... @POTUS.
WELL WELL WELL @foxnews leaks classified material and trump retweets it! #maga #resistance
#thanksbillclinton
@POTUS , You leaked Classified Intel to @foxandfriends then retweeted it??  YOU are the leaker in the WH.  #RobertMueller, you got this?
You  are retweeting an anonymous source. And if it's true thats classified info. stop golfing and try to at least act like a real president
Reporting on what US intelligence satellites can or can't detect - that's not smart. Oh wait, this is Fox. That explains it.
Well you've really fucked things up this time, BIG MOUTH. Can't fix this with a Tweeet! @CNN @nytimes @washingtonpost @thehill @maddow
when you confirm a news report that has classified information in it-what does that make you?-oh yes an orange-haired fool
Really?  How can we be sure, I mean you said all the IC was fake news.  Is this fake news too? What say you now #FoxStateNews?
What the actual fuck is wrong with you? I mean, seriously?
I personally endorse this idiot to go to war with N, Korea, but without our military, by himself and taking entire GOP with him
Mr. President, you retweeted classified information!!!
Lock You Up!!!
http://www.rawstory.com/2017/08/trump-tweets-out-fox-report-based-on-classified-leaks-which-his-un-ambassador-claims-endangers-americans/ …
LOCK UP THE LEAKER-IN-CHIEF!!!!!!
OOPS!  LEAKER-IN-CHIEF did it again!  Way to go PUTZ!  Enabling classified intelligence to get leaked like you did with the Russians! 
Classified info. WHY are you retweeting? IRRESPONSIBLE LEAKING by POTUS! unreal.
How long before liberals start pissing their pantries and blaming Trump for war with NK?!? BTW: The Korean War never ended. Only a ceasefire
The Korean War finished in 1953 with a ceasefire. (Korean War NEVER ENDED). Peace talks continue even today in Panmunjom.
So now you're retweeting leaks?

cc: @attorneygeneral
This isn't classified intel? When I worked for the DOD, we wouldn't have tweeted anything this sensitive...
Now that's very dumb of you to retweet this, especially from an unknown source. Unless you are the source....hmmmmm....leaker!
You really should talk to your UN Ambassador more often.
try to save face for his Propaganda machine (@foxandfriends)  (no more anon source)??..or did he just commit a crime (leak classified info)?

Nunca es bueno decir Estados Unidos firs sólo Dios puede decir eso
Say it with me "Aircraft Carrier Strike Force."
(Psst, your UN Ambassador just announced this information is classified. I think you're in big trouble!)
This article doesn't name sources and could be releasing classified intel.And Trump retweets it. Hypocrite and dangerous and utterly stupid.
Are you leaking classified onfo again? #Trumptreason #TrumpForPrison #TrumpIsTheWorstPresidentEver #ThirtyThreePercentApproval
Oh isn't this classified?  Not anymore.  Tgis was wrong to tweet sir.
Donald, protect us
No sources, no names. According to Trumps own words its just another #FakeNews report made up to make Donny look weak.

The Dude!
Way to go Donnie leaking classified information.
OMG

Now who would have given classified information to someone at Fox to build a story around?

hmm

hmmm

Who would pass info to Fox?
We the USA are going to wipe NK out of this Earth. Believe me. God Bless USA.
Hey therr champ, you were looking for your leaker? Look no further, because it's you! Good job there retweeting classified info!
So, Fox publishes classified information and you re-tweet it?   Didn't you check with your advisors first?  I guess not.
Hey Jeff Sessions, shouldn't Fox News and POTUS be under investigation for facilitating leaking of vital national security intel?
LOL! I thought you hated anonymous sources?
PresBClinton sold missile tech to China for LoralCorp$$$$.Advanced their program 20 yrs. Gave starter nuke reactor to NKorea. Bill culpable
Hillary closes circle w/Uranium sales to Ru-How many deaths past/future for their illicit riches? When does treason kick in?
Wow you're ignorant. Get an education. You clearly need one.
