Hurrah for the @nytimes - honest journalism! The dishonesty is from you.
Agreed. I read @nytimes, & proudly use them as a source. #journalismmatters #factsmatter
Demonizing trusted journalism sources is such a slimy technique - but one we have to counter in today’s politics.
A technique employed by Putin, and the first right granted a free nation is dissent.
Indeed! When we were kids we always thought “the other guys” were the propaganda artists.
LOL. Great response. I hope the Donald checks his mentions this afternoon.

Is that regardless of whether she is interested or not?

Did he really say this?!
Hell yes, amoungst everything else.
He has been disgusting me for decades. How did this one slip past me? What a d*uchebag.
He is a piece of work alright.just wish better for the world we leave our kids.
That's really all anybody with a heart & compassion could hope for.
Love the New Yorker #russiagate
As soon as you called it FAILING, I bought a subscription. And read it EVERY FREAKING DAY. #newyorktimes
You've kinda lost the right to say anybody else is failing
Mr President, I believe you and I support you completely. The NYT prints whatever they think will make them relevant. 
get a clue Cindy.. stop reinforcing your thoughts and do some critical thinking. PLEASE!

Such a pig. This is why I couldn't believe  that so many women would vote for him!
I couldn't either. Surely they see what a mistake they made.
Since when was the press meant to be fictitious?
Rights come with responsibilities dear. In a free society a real newspaper would survive above the claptrap. Look at how PBS branching out.
Omg, you are so behind the times with PBS.  But I'm muting you now.

Sick thinking
We need to change some laws and get rid of bought and paid for corrupt judges.
You're a public figure and you can't "change" the Supreme Court ruling in New York Times v. Sullivan, dimwit
March has been the cruelest month. You can't pass a Muslim Ban, Healthcare, or avoid impending scandal and inevitable impeachment. SAD!
No SCROTUS. NY Times shares are up 30% and your approval rating has dropped SEVEN points since you took office. Tired of winning yet?
nytimes is still rated #1 reliable source in all journalism reviews and most coveted employ. Gold Std.
#SenateIntelligenceCommittee  @SenKamalaHarris: How can you tell fake news?  #expertRid:  Simple, if in NYTimes or WashPost, NOT FAKE NEWS
Too bad @nytimes uses fake news. Can't be believed anymore
Yet...it has risen in popularity. Hmnnn...
We'll see. 
They do have some real news. Remember, they broke the Hillary secret server story. No follow through though. Plenty of evidence.
There's something called the First Amendment Donnie
Face it, POTUS, you are a FAILURE. Instead of improving you go from bad to worse. Your administration is in chaos, and scandals loom. SAD!!
Wrong, fake news!
Good Lord, SO trite and naive- r u really such a sheep? Trump has been a pathological liar his entire life. Do yr homework and get a clue!
Terribly written article. @nytimes has good writers for a reason. They're more respected for writing truth than @nypost.  #WordChoiceMatters
The "libel law" that applies here is called "the First Amendment." Good luck changing it.
Totally.  It's not like you've ever been misled by @BreitbartNews, Alex Jones, @FoxNews, et. al.
.... You're worried about fake news, so you shared the New York Post.
Kinda sounds like Hitler when you want to change the libel laws so you can lie to people.  Hitler Jr?
If we changed the libel laws wouldn't you lose in court over your libel of Obama for his place of birth and wiretapping?
Not if it only applies to the press.
Good luck with the constitutionality of all those ideas.
With Gorsuch you might have a point, if he had picked Thiel, the press would be fucked.
Your picture is quite ugly！
They have gotten you right. You have gotten yourself wrong. Falling in ALL polls.
@nytimes rules, @realDonaldTrump drools @SSherylyn @BadassTeachersA @NYStateBATs @dnc @Patsy1207 @cybrarian75x @MindyRosier @michaeljcullin1
They know how much we love you Mr. President !!! They can't stand to see us thanking God for you. Especially after the last 8 godless years
You have disgraced the office
Every. Single. Day. #resist
Yet u leave out Faux News..Breibart..Glen Beck..Rush Limpballs..???  We can see orange koolaid on ur lips..
Do you realize saying something doesn't make it true?

These outsiders sure know how to get shit done. #NotSoMuch #TrumpRussia #TaxReturns #IllegitimatePresident.
Yes change. Then will be easy for Obama to sue you for slander! Please change! 
Hey Don the Con, why do you cite a nut job gossip rag like the New York Post, can't find a legit newspaper that will say something good?
You can't even pass a travel ban. Change laws??? Now that's a stretch.


That would enable every Democrat They could sue your faves for libel... fox "news", breibart, etc That would be poetic justice
Well, you'd know failure, Donny.
Go ahead, big boy!!  Your Twitter feed is littered with defamation against countless people.

No @realDonaldTrump, not changing libel laws. Do something GOOD, instead of screwing #wethepeople and media will report positively! @nytimes
The hearing will ONLY FIND LIES, made by the CIA, so its a waste of time,  proof of CIA hacking
Give the self-exalted press a taste of their own medicine:  License them
Freedom of The Press...Hitler too, stopped it. Coincidental?  Lol
I was kidding about licensing the press. Freedom does not exist where one asks permission (a license) to operate. Thank you for your service
You've embarrassed the country for 3 months..
You're looking at the 2015 calendar.
Goes to character. Needs impeached & sent to prison. Getting worse, zero improvement. Country suffering deep damages worldwide due to Trump.
I'm glad you're using your time wisely. Attacking press instead of reading up on S Korea meeting.  Oh that's right, you don't read.
Reading up on SK requires having a vocabulary above 3rd grade. He wouldn't understand it.
Change libel laws! Honest media is dead. NYT dying. Liberals going crazy. Corruption must stop!
Funny that you should mention "failing". How many entreprises of yours have failed? Steaks, casinos, golf courses, hotels, whiskey, airline?
Your #FailedPresidency really shows!!! #TrumpLiesmatter
So Proud to Have a POTUS That's Tells it like it's going to Be A Leader THATS GOT US GOING IN RIGHT DIRECTION ! God Bless & Keep Him Safe 
Typical frumper...WTH did you say? Or mean to say? Makes as much since as @POTUS! Get help, lady! Delusions are life changing! #LOSER
you are describing yourself.
TO =Virginia McCarty You Seem To be The One Living In Fake World Get Over it @POTUS IS DJT like it or NOT Have A Great Evening 
knowing you're a woman who voted for that grabber says all we need to know about you. Obviously no respect for yourself...Sad! #LOSER
of course you would condemn the NYT a trusted source since you crawl in #Swamp with outfits like #NationalEnquirer ,#Breitbart & #Infowars
"wrong" as in "I disagree with looking bad" aka "alternative facts"? or "provable falsehoods"?
Donald Trump is great!!!!
change POTUS.



They didn't 'get you wrong', Mr Trump.  The NY times is a globalist PROPAGANDA organ, & their mission is to attack you at all times.
Isn't the NY Post on par with the National Enquirer? Why is a sitting President using it to source anything?
No, Mr. Narcissist, we will not change libel laws. First, we love, respect free press, second you wanted POTUS, third reporting is just!
Quit your damn lying . The Times is far from failing , unlike your presidency . #TrumpLies
Wonder how they'll spin clear audio of Obama ordering Trump Tower wiretapping! #ObamaGate
Everytime you whine about them, they get more subscribers! I'm sure they want to thank U for this! Do you know what the word libel means?
@POTUS More people have subscriptions to the NY Times now than they did before you came along! #unpresidential #hypocrite #LiarInChief
Failing trump, fake president, spending taxpayer money like he didn't lose the popular vote by 3 million. sad.
.@realDonaldTrump @nytimes Changing libel laws might not be a good thing for u. U make a habit of insulting ppl & making false accusations.
No change Presidents. Get rid of the stench in the WH. Pence also has to go.   @nytimes @nypost

I've been saying it for 25 years folks! Cancel yer subscriptions to ALL Left Wing Rags! Put the money you save into $AAPL, $APLE, and $AGN !
You are always wrong. You don't know the job & so you make a fool of yourself all the time. You're the most mocked & hated
You mean "restrict the press". Have fun with that. It's not within your authority. I strongly suggest a basic civics class.
Our so called President has libeled, slandered,and lied about more than anyone in the history of the presidency. Libel suits work both ways.
.@realDonaldTrump @rancepriebus #wethepeople know your attack on media is smokescreen to the many hurts you're inflicting on American people
.@realDonaldTrump, you don't understand  tough reporting is NOT LIBELOUS. We expose your lies -- that's truth. Learn what libel is @nytimes
@nytimes among other like media outfits, @Obama and @Kelly used  to cheat in @Mbuhari of Nigeria into power
Save it ... our laws aren't there for your personal affront on everyone you don't like
Careful what you wish for @realDonaldTrump. You have defamed pretty much everyone you ever met. Might want to strengthen libel laws.
Media laws need changed..Fake news is highly dangerous for americans
More like change failing presidents? Don't worry, it's coming soon and there's no way @VP will take power either!
The NYT should be ashamed. Their journalists can't even write a grammatically correct sentence much less report the truth.
Obama and Queen Elizabeth should sue Trump for Libel #TrumpLies #TrumpsAlternativeFacts #TrumpSlandersEveryone #TrumpActsLikeAChild
And you're not a disgrace? Not only to the media, but the public too.
Even if your 35% believes you. It doesn't matter. Only thing @nytimes gotten wrong is not writing the truth about you 55 years ago. Loser.
Buffoon you can not control the media! Free Speech remember! You are truly an embarrassment! Keep America great and RESIGN!!!
You're a snowflake, president cheeto. Buck up.
And you haven't sued them yet? Isn't that kind of your thing? You're slacking off!  #SpoiledLittleRichBoy
What about the LA Times? Is that still okay to read? 
I hear @nytimes is doing very well! You're a big reason for it! Business wise they probably thank you!
Put your bigglywhere your BIGGLY mouth is & sue them then! Oh - you can't, & you won't because you're LYING #ImpeachTrump #crooked #troll
The informed public who are really involved see what's happening at te N.Y.T. and other leftist news outlets.  Over time truth always wins.
Don't you have something important to do? #getofftwitter #stoptweeting
One doesn't need @nytimes to see what you are. Watch you on tv or read your inane tweets, and one sees a #vile #loser with nothing to offer.
【三橋貴明】 おはよう寺ちゃん
グローバルモンサントは自分等は絶対食べない遺伝子組み換え食物を洲法律を変えて米国人などに半強制的に食わせる
日本の法律を変えて売る気だが
膨大な除草剤薬物を与えられても死なない種を売付け日米人殺しをするhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E9NX47S_sJQ&t=1390s …
We have a new subscription to The NY Times. Fab reporting. #truthhurts #karmaisabouttohappen
#同和 #支那人 #朝鮮族＝「外国人参政権を特別永住者に与えたい」この朝鮮族の「7人に1人が生活保護即時優遇」【#まっとう勝負】橋下徹氏はヤクザ朝鮮族関係　素姓調査すべき
http://youtu.be/zO5UNTLQMW4       
God save us from DonaldTrump.  Free press, democracy.  Our president is crazy and needs to be impeached!
How about this tweet insteas- the failing @realDonaldTrump has disgraced the USA. Gotten everything wrong as usual. Time to impeach?
No SiR, They have pegged you right & accordingly #ReleaseURtaxReturns #ShowUSyourForeignLoanDebts #FactsMatter #45sDeepRedState
How can anybody get you wrong? Every time you speak, lies pollute our lives. #resist #ImpeachTrump #resist
Grow up Donald. Stop lying and if you can't take the heat get out of the kitchen.
From a quote: The King has Cloth's, the media's don't !
You are failing BIGGLY.  Impeach. Convict. Impeach CONVICT   Impeach CONVICT
Maybe you need to worry about ethics in your own house& leave Ny times alone.Can you imagine if Hillary hired Chelsea and sil to work in WH?
@POTUS #socalledpresident #ImpeachTrump  WORTHLESS
I  assured on you than modi
You don't change libel laws for one sorehead. . .  First Amendment is first for good reasons.
lol that's a great endorsement of NYT. They should put that in their ads! You are the fool.
The Post? 
Agree
you, Sir, are the disgrace to this nation. Repeating your same sound bites over and over is not governing.
Sue the pants off the failing @nytimes
Lol. Then we could sue Dumpo for all his LIES.
Kindly list which lies you mean. He's putting America first.
.@realDonaldTrump @nytimes and u never apologize...... it wouldn't end well for u. 

Pppssssst: u r going to prison.
Why don't you walk before you run. Just resign already. Save the country anymore humiliation you 
Just show your taxes....you are "The Failing POTUS"
What country will you flee to before you're tried for treason?
The New York who? #fakenews
Sue them...make them PROVE every word they print and ask a million dollars in damages for each word per article
change libel laws by making it publication of:false&damaging& AGENDA instead of False& Damaging & Malice
NYT is terrible - biased, inaccurate, and arrogant; haven't read them in months. But more libel laws aren't necessary. Remember, you won!
NYTimes rules DT. You don't.
r we democracy or a republic,what's the difference, Americans need 2 learn and remember world history or our society continues to degrade
Your references way way off base this man does not wish take from us to enrich himself leading up to his nomination the Press loved him
It is always better to yield to our philosophical inclination however the base masses throughout the our cities are incapable of neutrality
To share sounds like a utopian aspiration however there r many incapable of any contributions to society and still further number against it
Oh dear. Have a listen:
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @BuzzFeed
lol, how stupid
You want to read libel, Rump?!
"An 'extremely credible' source has called my office and told me that Barack Obama's birth certificate is a fraud."
-- Trump, 2012
The failing @nytimes has disgraced the media world. Gotten me wrong for two solid years. Change libel laws? https://t.co ...
Thank goodness they're not in the business of stroking your ego, just the facts...
hahahaha, bout the time you took office? because they started reporting how well you're NOT doing?
Here's an idea @realDonaldTrump: stop talking and tweeting and start learning and listening to experts - not Ivamka, Jared or Bannon. Deal?
Something needs to be done about all of the bashing! #sostupidandchildish
I'll keep bashing the  try an do something
Better yet libelous, treasonous president should resign and make America great again
Great idea!
Everything will be over, will be stable ...
It' s good to be friends with the media..
#NothingIsEasierOrMorePatheticThanBeingACritic - Donald Trump
President Trump. No one listens to you now. Soon only The Post, Fox News and the WSJ when R Murdoch big foots it will repeat what you say.
Be careful of what you wish for, one could sue the pants off your ass for defamation!!
"Good noW!"®, B"H. No need.Just define Freedom of Press, does not mean carte blanche, anything goes. Responsible,objective report = +context
"Good noW!"®B"H Press abuse FoP as lack context. Subjective unconfirmed smut abuses FoP. Sue4 defamation,treason,incitement,bias, no context
Why are you trying so damn hard to be f**king Hitler??????? WHY
are you more insane than we thought ? I need to be impeached right away b
Libel laws apply to ALL Americans
The failed wanna be president has disgraced the human race. Worse yet, you were able to procreate.
Vous êtes un vrai mytho
: Callum Brochers needs to realize our President doesn't fool sround launching frivolous lawsuits !!
in the Constitution it says we are all equal under the law so why should 
Media get a special pass?
Change election laws to make sure we never get an ignorant POTUS like you ever again.
Donating subscriptions of the Times to high schools and colleges while your in office to educate Students on how much of a hater you are !!
Don't even think about it. You're no dictator. Remove a couple syllables from that word and you're getting closer.
Hahahaha, as soon as hundreds of thousands discovered Trump had canceled his subscription, they all subscribed.
Is he still blathering on about his victims mentalitity?
So r u gonna change libel to mean 'anything negative about me' or perhaps, 'when they call me out on my lies & hypocrisy'?
Wow! You are such a delicate #snowflake.
NYTimes doing better than ever : people buying it just to read debunking of Trump daily lies! FAKE NEWS = TRUMP !
Absolutely. So that @potus44 can sue you for saying he wiretapped you/that he was not born in the country.
YES, sue the hell out of those liars !!!
Bull shit
You can get inspired by Goebbels libel laws introduced in Germany after the elections. For steps into fascism suffice to repeat history. YW.
How about strengthening slander laws? That way all those people you lie about Trump can sue you.
You are not even vaguely an American, let alone a president.
Crap, now I'm going to have to subscribe to the NYT.
