Has to stop now !!! No more money !! Where are the Snowflake breeders ?
Excellent news! They'll respond to $$. This kind of thing has to stop asap.
Haha!! An ICO? And all @UCBerkeley has to do is return to supporting Free Speech! Not exactly the center of our youth intelligencia is it?
@UCBerkeley claims to be the center of the so-called "Resistance." If that tells you anything....
Controlled puppets.
Yes!!
Perfect
Right on point! Watch the university administration suddenly sit up and take notice!
Soo much water under the bridge. I had forget! Indeed, but it ain't gonna do any good..."sanctuary city" won't keep that moniker for much longer.
No federal funds. Show the libtards what free speech is...

Damn Commies
President Trump, aren't you over ruled by the liberal courts anytime you attempt to do something like this ?  It would be a smart move however.
This sir should have started with Berkely, from the 1960's on. Always has been a radical onclave. Should not be allowed or promoted here.
Thank you Mr. President, these masked violent thugs need to be arrested!! Are they paying taxes on the money they are receiving from Soros?
Have you noticed that these masked cowards stays away from Texas . SMART MOVE !
No federal funds should be going to state universities in the first place. @POTUS, you are such a twat.
Exactly sir
Why not just cut funding to California as a whole. That state is a disgrace.
Did #PresidentBannon tell you to defend his vile little troll?
Alternate fact"  Dictatorship is a point of view.
excellent
I assume you'll be quiet on this now?
.@realDonaldTrump Guys I think this one is an honest question, he doesn't know if he has the power to withhold federal funding from a school
I'm taking Politics classes at #NYU & I can see how the textbook & required readings are VERY pro-liberal. @charliekirk11
Californian are ruining America. And they smell bad too. Let them secede
"A different point of view"? Oh, I guess you mean about the age of consent.
that's right, that money can be more useful someplace else.
what about indoctrinating young minds with their communist rhetoric and let wing insanity
got time for this, talking about sending Military to Mexico? but silence on Quebec???? What you good cause it was Muslims?
If you don't step up and call this what it is.. Conservatives will have had enough.. And it will be called self protection..
It was actually the people wearing masks who prevented  the speech and attacked our UC Berkeley students. We're victims!!!
DUMPY 
protestors need jobs, working people paying taxes don't have time to protest!
The "free speech" of "innocent people with a different view" is discriminatory, hateful, and oppressive.
Real consequences are the key to learning. Great job Mr Trump!
do it! They have to learn there are consequences for these unlawful acts.
U.C. Berkley doesn't practice violence, your rhetoric has opened that door. #FakePresident
Build a wall around the place and let those animals go at each other.
idle threats.  You don't have the power. Now if Bannon says this I'll worry #PresidentBannon
violence is not (never) the answer. However, threatening public universities is equally disturbing
Any organization in the US that denies free speech or condones violence should not be allowed any federal funding.
Including the #WhiteHouse ???
you can't make this statement and have an iq over 85.  There are at least 5 simple reasons why this statement is ridiculous
Free speech allows Americans to walk away from abhorrence. Riots caused by right-wing thugs making trouble - SAD
DEFUND THEM NOW LET THE DONORS PAY FOR THEIR EXISTENCE.
do you not see the irony here? UC Berkley reluctantly allowed him free speech. Others objected. Now you threaten 1 side.
should have their funding revoked.
Republican students invited him. UC Berkley constitutionally allowed him to speak. so did the right thing. Not their fault
the mere fact that anyone felt it was ok on that campus to escalate that to that level is a reflection on the school
its Berkley dude! The home of the student revolt! Thats their thing & majority were peaceful not dressed in black & masked
Your trolls hear the dog whistle. Chaos is growing. Soon you will be untraceably rich and it will all be worth it. @realDonaldTrump
UC Berkeley didn't practice violence. Some protestors/students did. Many others protested peacefully.
You realize that people have vision and video technology is a thing, right?
Are you saying you have video of the University staff or institution committing violent acts?
How many videos of violent protest do you need to see before you stop being stupid?
And every person who is violent during a protest should be subject to the law.
But you don't threaten to take federal funding from a university because protests there got violent.
If you remember, the University actually arranged the talk from **** in the first place.
Stop blocking roads. Stop rioting. Stop smashing windows. Stop violently attacking people with opposing views. Be adults.
Hey! Big noisy guy, those funds ain't yours. They belong to the American People. There are rules about how they get spent. @realDonaldTrump
Is he a king or something and above the Law and the Congress?
hypocrite much?U want 2 suppress press, take away the rt of free speech, free religion & now u want to take $ 4 acts not UC
Can't have violence, property damage, injuries and suppression of First Amendment rights.
Milo Y speech is hate speech & dangerous speech like yelling fire in a crowded theater
Even if that is true it's still protected speech under the constitution !!
nope.contrary 2 ur assertion, not all speech is protected. But GOP like to use #alternatefacts
I never said all speech is protected but in this case free speech was silenced by anarchist!
and 45s threat 2 suspend fed $ 2 UC Berkeley 4 actions not of their students or univ.glad u feel ur right;u arent
hate speech isn't freedom of speech.
It literally is.
it literally isn't. when it infringes on the rights of others to feel safe
"feeling safe" isn't a right, all forms of speech are. Don't be a fascist.
Right on and you are correct! Watch the left they atack people everyday for being conservative and people supporting trump and then they go and run to their safe place.... Sad place America was becoming! thank you POTUS for stopping it!!!
STOP. FUCKING. TWEETING. YOU. IMBECILE.
Tweet takes 10 seconds, he's high energy and can multi-task!  This was a shame!  Hurting ppl who disagree not ok
Yes. I'm sick of these whiney brats shutting down the 1stA & nothing is done. Time to punish the colleges allowing this
@sluggoD54 @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Worse yet, sick of George Soros Tides foundation & anyone connected to them funding it
Yes & I just heard several hundred had on all black who did most damage. Soros was 1st thought
Pre-printed signs popped up it's same kind of agitators that go throughout the country
They are prepared and They are paid.
It makes me physically sick that mayor's are telling our officers to stand down & allow antifa thugs to beat innocent people
I cant believe how much corruption has come to light and still people fight for their ego to continue to believe lies and ignore the law.
Exactly. A country without laws & the enforcement there of is a country I don't want to live in
You know YOU are the cause of this reaction, right? Fueling people's anger & fear... you should be ashamed!
looks like Libs anger doesn't need much fueling This was fresh speech by a Jewish gay man they were rioting Abou
Not very fair to place entire group of people into a very small basket.. @realDonaldTrump
It was Libs who rioted at Berkeley and they've so far not been exactly model citizens. No more violence.
Only extremists evoke violence, not Liberals. @realDonaldTrump
I agree NO FUNDS until free speech established.
Every day @realDonaldTrump finds a way to prove to me why is he is the perfect President for what we need know.
Those  Alt Left Liberal crazies at Berkeley and other places CAN NOT HAVE IT JUST 1 way.
Cut their funds now.
Refund propaganda mills. And cities that suppress free speech


@louisemensch #MAGA
am I missing something? That is a child
Hi :) welcome to my world Children's Tv Funny
Hell yeah . So proud of my POTUS 

I would check who is behind this. Islamists want you dead because you know who they are.The same islamists MB have a lot of influence in Universities .Read their plans for destruction from within. 
Their plans are right on target till now.The left facilitates them.
Amen to that!!!
It probably falls under federal police not President, but it’s a great idea. I really don’t know. Not a lawyer.
BIG YES!!!!!!!!
It is only right! Thank you President Trump!
Keep up the great work Donald!
Zero federal funds!
If U.C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - N...
Exactly and lock up J Brown  also and the rest of the Freedom haters , they made theirselves exempt from the very laws they pass . Not Good .
As you're not very familiar with college, let me explain how a campus #protest works. 1/
When violence is used, no longer protected. Won't allow free speech? You betcha, Not with my money, NO FEDERAL FUNDS FOR BERKELEY.
Cut off Berkeley from all federal monies! And cut off any and all institutions that don't allow free speech!
.@realDonaldTrump since you're apparently unclear about how the Constitution works, let me lay it out for you. This was not a violation.
The Federal government can revoke any funding with or without cause. They don’t need a reason. It’s not about the Constitution. It’s about federal grants rules and regulations and federal acquisition regulations. I think the entire state of California better wake up.
Donnie, not a good idea to refer to Nazis as innocent people. Your true colors are showing.
"Proof proves things." Ingenious. You've just proven yourself to be an idiot.
Agree
Dear @POTUS: Please draft and sign an EO ASAP which effectively terminates any and all Federal monies going to @UCBerkeley.
Nailed it
YES!!!!!!! Do it. And declare "antifa" Domestic Terrorists.
Sounds like a plan as long as it comes with arrests!
Thank you for paying attention to this matter. Now label this a domestic terrorists group and Soros enemy of the State. Enough
New Academic Learning? Extreme Ideologies with Congruent Fascist Ideals! My Peace of the Pie Through Force!
I agree! Cut all federal funds, to UC Berkley,because of violence, from thugs #Antifa Every American has the right to free speech!
Cut funding #UCBerkeley
send antifa to me. i'll teach them how to "live" under the dirt in my back yard.
the left want a civil war
Thank you sir.  Please carry this through because that and arrests is the only thing that is going to stop these subversives.
Why should they receive funds? All their police were in clear violation of the law, just chilling at the station and harrassing news there.
It's bad in Ca!
.@StephEvz43 went full potato, folks. Liberalism is a mental disorder. #TuesdayThoughts
#stopberkleysfunding
Please do this sooner than later!! Antifa is a domestic terrorist group. Make them remove the masks!!
Arrest the cult they are no better than terrorist.  No one should be aloud to do what they do. Beating people while carrying a peace sign
Yes, no federal funds. students r price gouged on college tuition, pay professors wages &should not have to tolerate dem college brainwash.
I love it! Please take away their funding @POTUS!
CORRECT! NO FEDERAL FUNDS!
Perfect!!! #MAGA
Win!!
I'm for that.  Why subsidize a deprivation of civil rights and an infringement of the right to speak and peaceably assemble.
Well, it's already ugly.  But it's fairly localized to just these rallies.
Finally someone who speaks sense
THAT'S SOUNDS GREAT PRESIDENT TRUMP
How 'bout you just finance 3,000 Nazi Stormtroopers to go in there and clean out all the Rats ?
YES!! Thank you!!
Defund
Thank God you will allow police to protect themselves next time use the tanks
Best idea yet. That's all they love anyway, money! Not people, not America, not Americans!
Universities used to be think tanks for the free exchange of all ideas. What happened?  Social engineering. I agree with #POTUS.  No censure
Yes, deny them any funds if they don't give equal opportunity and stop antifa with their violent protests.
No public funds should b given 2 University /College not allowing ALL Constitutionally stipulated Civil Rights.

Keep 's safe POTUS STOP THIS VIOLENCE PLEASE
quit threatening it and do it. just do it. cut it off and let it sit in court for a few years to hash it out.
.@realDonaldTrump If that is what Ms Evz learned in school then parents should demand refund. We need an overhaul on the Educational system.
WAY overdue! Make it happen
Yes it's about time
100% NO FEDERAL FUNDS For Antifa Berkley. @realDonaldTrump make it happen
Shut these Blue Cities down from Federal Funds. Rule of Law across the country. They can't pick n choose what laws they'll follow
Send in the National Guard and start shooting the basterds.
Close the damned thing
Berkeley is just as responsible as the black-clad thugs. Telling the police to stand down.
@realDonaldTrump back this statement up !!!
YES !!!!    #MAGA
WHY wait! Stop the federal funds now!
Yippee they have us in a stranglehold!!
Its time to take back this country from these vile hateful thugs! #MAGA
Sue the organizers for this and all other crimes including flooding Europe with illegals. PLEASE PROSECUTE SOROS FOR THIS TRASH
We support you Pres Trump.
Hard working tax payers want them declared domestic terrorists. No more mask to cover identity
I agree, wonder why the police allow group w/sticks & masks,assaulting , infringing on their right of free speech, why not listed terrorist
And throw Antifa in jail
Oh we can only hope!  Federal laws should be respected for federal funding!!
Don't tweet it DO IT!!
I can attest, although South OC is kind of an exception to the rule to a degree.
https://twitter.com/1776RealNews/status/902227405733064706 …
Y don't you start acting @realDonaldTrump & quit mouthing off.

Someone is going to shoot these threatening fascists b4 2 long. Time to act.
Boycott Berkeley until they get rid of antifa-supporting nazi leadership.
As It Should Be!! Stick To Your Guns!! It's about time this started happening! Time to put Education back into colleges. More Learning. Less
Indoctrination. No Groupthink! College is supposed to shape young ppl into strong individuals, not tantrum throwing Thugs!
That's about every other school in the Nation!
Stop federal funds to all universities and put money into fund to help rebuild homes damaged by hurricane Harvey.
Ditto. Send them to Venezuela for summer school
ABSOLUTELY.  NO FEDERAL FUNDS
100% True. @UCBerkeley does not support free speech. It has provided an environment for innocent Americans to be attacked by terrorists.
Times up for #Berkley,Mr President! DO IT!
I think it's time to shut them down like they do free speech!
Cut Federal Funds to UC Berkeley NOW. They've proven they are traitors to the constitution.
GREAT! DO NOT DESERVED A PENNY.
Hit them where is hurts. Their greedy pockets
Not on religion...you might want to learn to check your FACTS
EXACTLY!
End funding now!
@Donald85851183 TIME FOR YOU Mr.D.J.T To Kick Ass?
@UCBerkeley #DefundBerkeley
This really says a lot about liberals in America. @UCBerkeley , you do not prepare students for life #DefundBerkeley http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/352071-berkeley-cancels-free-speech-week …
ITS ABOUT TIME!!!! Thank you Mr President
where is the wall? you have to deliver on your promise.
When will the DOJ do something about these paid anarchists? They need to go after the source - Soros and his money. Shut him down!
And I'd actually like an answer!
. . . .they can't do anything about imaginary "paid protesters" . . . . Or trolls. . . .
How about arresting antifa and calling it a terrorist group as it is.
Act now!  Why didn't the police protect?  Who told them to stand down? Drain that swamp!
Berkeley should be closed down!
Objectivity requires appreciating other points of view. Thucydides
explained this in 5th century Athens, but most people today don’t get it.
Yep time to teach the collage a lesson or 2
Exactly, we don't want our tax monies supporting hatred
@ steph evz you and your group of fascist thugs will soon receive a lesson on the 1st amendment along with a few other amendments.
NO FEDERAL FUNDS !
America has an insurgency that does not hold our values with a support system, supplies funds and is reinforced thru thier media fake news.
Pull out of this college and all colleges that would approve of this action Also pull money, educating our youth in lieu of brainwashing
Congress can cut off funds but they're not working this year evidently
Congress will do nothing. Too many of them agree with the rioters.
Can you imagine?  in the private sector we'd be fired in the Congress you still get a paycheck from Taxpayers
.@realDonaldTrump Do you have any updates on U.C. Berkeley  federal funding? #tcot
Not a question Mr.President! Do it! We've had enough! This is not 1A!!!
@Joy_Villa I'd say don't send troops to Afghanistan and send them to deal with domestic terrorist Antifa
Exactly
Please shut them down should not be on this planet
WINNING! Stop the THUGS & BULLIES! 
Yes! Prosecute the violence! Free speech doesn't include raising hands and weapons to other humans!
how about mass arrests??
They should have been cut off already.
Bravo this city is becoming a dirty place full of leftist antifa (liberal fascists)
Yes yes yes. It needs to stop. The violent left protesters r not beacons of peace & love. @berkeleypolice dept is weak & ineffective.
Absolutely!
Trump makes every other POTUS before him look lazy. So much energy for all this Multi-tasking. Need to labe antifa-soros #DomesticTerrorists
Yeah
Thank you 

Exactly...and no Fed funds to Berkely PD
Exactky
Hallelujah!!!!!  Love our POTUS.
The lefts attack on #1A has to stop!!
