#ArmedForcesDay was established for citizens to come together and thank our military members for their service in support of our country. 
Thank you to all military personnel & law enforcement, past & present. 
I voted for you,but no food no ins no Medicaid,no MIL,benefits,WOW,,MISTAKE????????????? YEP
Uh...yeah. Big time. You want those things, get a job, since you want to vote Republican.
Gotta job assmunch,I'm a vet are you??????????
Lol! If you had a job, you'd have food, insurance, and benefits. Quitcher bitchin.  
I have ALL the above,,do you? Smartassmunch
You sure about that?  https://twitter.com/wabbitjackson/status/867687690942242818 …
Too Bad the fraudulent Elected was/is a Draft Dodger-Coward. Greedy- lining his family's pockets. Unserving-Undeserving-Unfit to be American
The irony coming from President Draft Dodger.
Thank you to the BRAVE servicemen &amp; women who have served, and continue to serve the United States- our true HEROES…...
Cutting their pay is a great way to support the troops huh.
We love what your doing Mr. President. MAGA
The Deep State Has No Chance Against President Trump, America Will Prevail
not with an impeached president.
Islam Denounces Terrorism

This book was written right after the 9/11 attacks

Review book 
http://www.harunyahya.com/en/eserler/735/ 
Other book;

JESUS WİLL RETURN
EVOLUATİON İS A DECEİT

Review Books
http://www.harunyahya.com/en/Books/755/The-Prophet-Jesus-(as)-Will-Return …

How did you sleep on the airplane with Ivanka and Melania screaming at each other?
Impeachment
Doubt the real djt tweeted this. No mention of the election, Obama, Hillary, or his troubles with media. 
#trumpimpeach 
#RussianCollusion
Thank you from a married couple of veterans. Free Insurance just like House and Senate would be a great gesture of gratitude. Real ins no VA
Leaking highly classified info to the number one US adversary puts the men and women in uniform in danger    and are the American people.
Amen - thank- you so much
Your goose is cooked.
"But but, Venezuela derp."
Typical #45 zombie. Try looking into successful socialist countries.  Learn about them from unbiased sources. But of course you won't do it.
Why dont YOU try telling US why socialism works. Typical attack on peoples character instead of trying to shed light. Thanks for your input.
Trump revealed highly classified information to Russian diplomats ...
in the oval office ... while US press excluded ... TASS present though
Thank You @POTUS & Commander in Chief
I see you're playing it safe. They would really rock if they arrested your ass in defense of our country.
Do you really honor our servicemen by giving classified intelligence to the Russians?
Do you really honor our servicemen and women when you show disrespect for the very constitution and laws they vowed to protect?
These brave people put their country before themselves. Is it too much to ask that you try and do the same?
He is
He jeopardizes journalists by calling their work "fake news". He jepordizes services by sharing secrets.
And you Liberal-Dems Still Lost, POTUS Trump is MAGA, MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN..even with Losers like you Trying to Constantly Stop Him!
What utter rubbish. The man is a bumbling buffoon and should be removed from power.
Why in the hell are you chiming in? limey Prick.
.@realDonaldTrump Vietnam Draft Dodger #ThreeWordTrump
Are you really arranging to have 150 Blackhawks assembled in Saudi Arabia. Greatest jobs president ever. Clothing made in China, now this
MR.TRUMP, DESTEFANO BLOCKING YOURS APPOINTMENTS AND PURGING TRUMP LOYALISTS STARTING MAY 22 FIRE DESTEFANO!!!!!!!

MSM  now part of DEEP STATE. Follow my series @infowars COUNTER-INTEL steps Trump needs to beat DISINFORMATION COUP https://www.infowars.com/defeating-the-deep-state-coup-detat-counter-intelligence-step-1-change-the-subject/ …
Rob, yes he dose,  and the American people. We the American people are so sick and tired of people like you. Grow up.


Fake News... ..   ...  8 years !!   
its fake cause u dont like it? his words..quoted. russians have transcripts.  remember he kept out american press but invited russian press
"he kept out american press but invited russian press"   FAKE NEWS  ...  stop reading BS please ... 
You really need to remove your tRump goggles dude.
IF you really felt that way, you'd do more to help #vets, instead of hurting them. #Homes4Vets #NCHV @HUDgov #VA #endveteranhomelessness
God bless and keep our heroes

"No puppet. You're the puppet!" @TheTrumpPuppet @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton #Trump #NoPuppet #Russia #Putin http://youtu.be/UdOJUnLoFW4  

Except the ones who get captured, they are not real heroes are they Donald. Like say @SenJohnMcCain ?  You are a clown Mr Trump.
And thank YOU! You Da MAN!
Are those man and women's the same you are taking benefits away ??? You are the biggest hypocrite in this planet !! Shame on you !!!
So grateful for those who protect our country!
https://twitter.com/2ALAW/status/862809496145371136 …

This is TRUE spoke to someone inside one of George Soros groups was told that reporters from @nytimes @washingtonpost  are paid by them 

Boy isn't  this the truth 

What Media’s Doing to Trump
—And Why They’ll Soon Regret It

http://blabber.buzz/politics/conservative/152096-what-medias-doing-to-trumpand-why-theyll-soon-regret-it …

…

#ThankYouTrump 

Russia can't even control it's own ppl!
But they "Magically" controlled 90% of America?
 https://twitter.com/billbong9059/status/865631158217854976 …
One tweet at a time
We love you so much!
You are making me SO PROUD right now!
You are helping defend our allies, while creating hundereds of thousands of jobs here in the USA! You're amazing!! 
So are you Lil Trump! Amazing tweets! We LOVE YOU BOTH!
Peddle that crap elsewhere... we don't drink that kook-aid here. 
 #TrumpRocks #TrumpRules #WinningWinningWon @realDonaldTrump 
You're so right. You #Trumpanzees are more like the Jonestown folks who drank cheap ass Flavor-Aid. Sad. Pathetic.
Oh I'm slurping it up alright. I'm living & breathin' it. #TrumpIsOURPresident & you'll be asking for his grace& grants soon enough. It'll 
Yes, be nice to them so they'll be gentle with you as they escort you to Leavenworth.
That's a lie...
Pray for @realDonaldTrump #AmericaFirst
Dear lord, may Trump's impeachment and fall from ego driven power be swift. May be spend his days in a prison cell. Amen.
Yes, may the whole truth come out! I'm praying to my gods, too!
My family served honorably in the US Navy. Father was an intelligence officer. How about you stop making excuses for a dodge drafter.
Why did his "bone spurs" stop him from enlisting, but didn't stop him from playing sports? He claimed he was best baseball player in NYC.
Coming from a draft dodger...

typical uneducated Trump hick supporter!
you the red yep
Fake map!
Suck some more Saudi prince dick
Such class.
You dodged the draft, you're a disgrace to our country.
You leaked highly classified intel to the Russians, compromising the lives of our sources within ISIS.
You'll likely start a war to improve your sad ratings (38%), directly killing these brave men & women as a result.
That being said, I'd like to honor them for risking their lives for our freedom… which you're working so hard to destroy.
A draft dodger "honoring" our service men & women is honestly insulting. You're spitting on their face.
If you really wanted to honor them, you'd resign. But, we all know you won't, so Mueller will bring down your regime
Please respect the constitution these heroes fight to defend every single day. It's not something to wire your butt with like you do now.
It's people like yourself that push me further into his support each day. I am sure there's never been another politician dodge anything.
Thank them by not sending them to die & kill in war, esp proxy wars like Syria! Do U know how many vets commit suicide per DAY? Look it up!
22 and they're VIETNAM VETS
Huh? None from Iraq? 
Your source is wrong. 
Maybe time to admit combat fucks ppl up, even if they survive. 
Enough warmongering!
Few injuries (unless u count PTSD)or KIA in both IRAQ and AFGHAN wars.
I DO count PTSD, that's why so many commit suicide.
I just can't with you! We lost more soldiers in Iraq than US civilian deaths on 911.
Yes there has been
But for the number of years they've been there the deaths are extremely low and Wounded in Action extremely low.
Shame on all the vets whom act otherwise. He needs our support. Can't expect the civilians to know anything. But the vets should know better

Rear-ended a Trump voter & didn't give my insurance details. Just said I'd make his car great again & drove off while he stood & applauded.
Thanks for the example. I'm talking about serious things we citizens of this great country need to work on. All I get is more of that wit.

Early Halloween tip: terrify the Trump fans in your neighborhood by dressing yourself up as a fact.
All of our Presidents deserve the same chance and respect.
More brave than ever with a Commander in Chief leaking top secret Israeli intel to the Russians & Syrians
#merica 
I hope when you die there is a place in hell for u. Your budget for the wall will take away from the elderly and the disabled. How could u
No he is deployed doing what he loves to do and loves to be so think on that! They give a lot defending you!
YOU are an asshole... Saudi Arabias deal guarantees more wars! Hypocrite
And didn't he just say $400 billion, what happened to $110 billion?
Hiring a foreign agent to be the head of the NSA after you were warned...unacceptable. Impeachable. The USIC is coming for you Donald.
How do you reconcile the fact that you are taking away healthcare & other services away from these soldiers & their families? #trumpbudget
"I like people who weren't captured"-Trump to McCain, you are a coward for not serving your country when they needed you
Then why are you continually cutting Veterans Benefits?  That's some way to show your feelings
They serve the Corporations
Please show your respect by NOT SCREWING WITH THEIR HEALTHCARE AND BENEFITS
Unless they get captured or hurt.
WAR,  has started
Trump to Howard Stern: "Avoiding STDs was “my personal Vietnam” 
http://www.redstate.com/diary/Anteater/2016/02/17/trumps-vulgar-admission-avoiding-stds-women-personal-vietnam/ …
UNLIKE YOU!!!!!!!  COWARD!!!!!!!
Idiot
Hollow words coming from you. Commander. ...I mean Draft dodger.
And this is coming from the man who Enabled Putin to win the last election?
American's arm deal $110 billion with Saudi Arabia. Why do we need arms when half of the world is in fire?
How about instead of being a bunch of jackasses on this post take time and thanks these men and women who are away from their families
@DeptofDefense no thanks. We who fought for America, are embarrassed to have you as COC. Treason is your game.
Hey dude, your point?
Twice and that is not respectful of Facebook to cancel out the military
You Corrupt piece of Shit you are Going Down Impeached you will Be!!!!!!!
Where are the big tough guy "radical Islamic terrorist" comments now? Fraud, philestine, charlatan in chief. #littlehands #whinylittlebitch
A huge heart felt thanks to who served and still serving protecting us from the cowardly Islamic terrorists and all acts of violence # COPS
Www
I wonder how long it will take before all those weapons we sold to the Saudis will end up in the hands of terrorists and used against us.
Except for any service people who've ever been POW's. @realDonaldTrump doesn't like POWs like McCain. @washingtonpost @nytimes @maddow @cnn
But your a coward......
But not the ones that were captured. THOSE service members are losers. Right @realDonaldTrump ?
Don't forget the injured and POW vets, because Trump always will. Deliberately so.
maybe drain the nsa swamp? yes.
Yes PG(pussy grabber) they are heroes. They,and I without hesitation answered the call. You on the other hand got two medical  deferment.
Unlike you!
Thank You Mr President for the Honor you bestow on us Military Veterans especially with this weekend coming up.
Amen
Another thing u know nothing about ... serving the United States cause your little footsies hurt. Such a major illness to dodge the draft!
Armed Forces day is not for veterans it is to celebrate those actively serving in our Armed Forces and you're our Commander in Chief?!
As long as they aren't captured, right?  You are a hypocrite.  Apologize to McCain.
Unless they get captured... then you don't consider them heroes... we remember that statement
@DeptofDefense remember the victims of the USS LIBERTY #USSLiberty
Thank you @realDonaldTrump for being a buffoon
Oh if only you hadn't had that, um what ever it was, you could have been a hero too!
For once your right, where were you during Vietnam, on the "can't go cause I got money deferment" clan. Your such a louser
Where were you during Viet Nam?
as a ret marine I now thank you for you now serving our nation
RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS.
The US armies are the mostBrutal barbaric scavengers of theWorld when one look at theDestruction&disserveice to theHumanity.Most disgraceful
Some of us appreciate your efforts to make the world a safer place & make NATO members pay there fair share. tHANK YOU from a VietNam Vet.
Keep up the great job met trump against the communist here in the USA and over seas! God bless you! Sir!
What about the POWs ?? They still don't  deserve ur respect...? Try doing what they have done
wow !
You awarded a veteran a Purple Heart and you said " congratulations" wtf?
Doing great in Saudi Arabia, making America great in face of the World! Makes me Proud 2 be an American!  
#Foxnews #Evangelicals #NBC #CNN
911 was inside job,carried by D illegal zionist state w/US OK 2 justify destabilizing D Middle East & installing "israel friendly" Regimes
and is not worth paper it's printed on #CleantheDVASwamp and #BetrayalOfTrust and promises of election night where 2/3 #Vets put you in OFC
EVERYONE hates you
See where you stand and talk about the fight against terrorism, Saudi Arabia.
We appreciate you too Mr trump! I think being president , commander in chief counts as "serving" outer country and we are very proud of you!
Once you send them into #syria and they come back in body bags you won't be their hero that's for sure!!
I'm a veteran living in largo Florida, the VA hasn't got better here. Please help me a cancer patient

https://twitter.com/storemen/status/870563955235708928 …
Keep draining the swamp and fill up the ceptic
One of which was just murdered in what appears to be a terrorist alt right hate crime against him.
Eat the shizzle, Mr. CHICKENHAWK
Finally some acknowledgement from your camp that you are NOT, in fact, a true hero.
You're welcome....now resign plz
Hypocrite, DRAFT DODGER, TAX DODGER!
Of course it's ok for Hillary to condem the US people in Benghazi to their slaughter .
The Yemeni occupier
I thank service members everyday. Do you even know all the branches of the military? I have inferred your knowledge come from world of tanks
Serving ..... something you know nothing about draft dodger. Plz resign Sir.
Thank God they can justify their service to benefit USA since most don't like the #FakePresident in office at this current time.
#Maga
Yes. Thank you and your family's !!!
Even the ones that got caught?
Many of our brave heroes rely on Medicaid. You're about to take it away from them. Creep.
Impeachment
Unlike you who dodged the draft like a weakling
Gawd you are a bafoon Trump. Please exile yourself to Saudi Arabia.
Still a draft dodger.
Amen

Yep. And they never whine about being tired.
So lovely
Too bad you couldn't serve.
Poor Leftist Verified followers always commenting first. Lol y'all mad, huh 
Are these people you praise going to be helped when they or their family members are in need of pain medicine?
Says the guy that attended fake military school, and avoided serving. #silverspoonacademy
Unlike you, that did everything in daddys power, to not serve...Pfft
Hey King if U don't like here find a country U do like and leave! We're sick of U Clinton Clowns crying all the time like the spoiled brat!
Great Week Sir
They don't get half of what they derived in my mind.

Draft dodgers don't start wars with other's kids. Remember that. Nothing wrong with opposing Vietnam war but don't do a Bush-Cheney.
The camaraderie, I miss it. God Bless our men and women serving and protecting us.
Trump keep complimenting the service men/women because he plans a coup of US democracy and needs them to help him. They won't, we won't.
@DeptofDefense democracy accepted monarch and kingship in KSA, duplex policy shown
DId you regale them with stories of your battle with Bone Spurs?
who you just put in danger with your little trip? 
The Muslim Brotherhood is a terrorist group
We  All Love you Mr.@POTUS. You are doing a Fantastic job.Just get leakers out of FBI & White House & tell Repubs to Get Things Done or else
