Müttefik olmamız için bir asır önce işkal ettiğiniz ortadoğuyu bize bırakacaksınız.Petrol anlaşmaları yapabilirsiniz.Bu iyi bir teklif
Does it always have to be about you Donnie? #ImpeachTrump #LiarLiar #amendment25
Is Fredo in jail yet?
ROFLMAO! You will B protested out of The United States Presidency, then face jail Time, Crooked Donald. #LockHimUp #crookedtrump 
#Treason
The WORLD  agrees!  #MAGA
I think it's time for another rally to remind the country that you won the election. That will show 'em.
Hillary won the popular vote and have you seen his ratings? Trust me he just looks more stupid when he rallies bcuz he has to try so hard!
So what she won CA and NY and IL that's where all her votes came from but she lost what counts the EC sorry
CA, IL and NY are also part of this country.  In fact if they left the Union our country is worth half of what it is today.  Keep spinning.
CA and IL are bankrupt people leaving the state cause of high taxes. The rest of the country will end up bailing them out in a few years
3 Years, 6 Months, 4 Days, 6 Hours, 8 Minutes, and 47 Seconds
Plus 4 more after that
36% approval rating and dropping fast... yeah sure mate 
Hillary is still up by 20 pts same polls.

@TheDemocrats don't have a chance in hell, cause they're still in bed with Wall St, the donor class and won't listen to their voters.
Democrats only talk about Russia, complete nothing burger.
I'm saving this tweet so I can comment on it in a few months (or weeks).
You still lost the pop vote by 3 MILLION and is the punchline of jokes worldwide. Even the Pope's staff are trashing you lmaooo #Impeach45
What's the protest for anyway?

how about you fill those 370 gov positions instead of golfing, tennis, and counting protesters? You know, your job?
"fake news"

You have the LOWEST 6-months approval rating of any President in the last 70 years.
Please, quit lying to yourself.
It's sad that success now is a support/protest ratio for you. And your approval rating is very low.
It's low because you push a healthcare bill that's horrible, you blame everyone for your faults, and you don't care.
Ur prez needs 2 get his head out of his butt & start doing the job he illegitimately got!Then we can talk! I'm a snowflake that won't melt!

Thing is, fans went to watch golf, not you. Protesters went there to see you and only you. So, comparing #'s is not true measure of support.
That's far too complicated for him to understand.
PS-Congratulations on all the blocks you have obtained. Very impressive!
And I'll follow back.
Alert! Lady golfers- if you hear this sound - tic tac tic tac - RUN!
Why is everything about you? Proof you need psychiatric help
Continue to antagonize.... no class, no decency, no brains.
You really need to stop measuring your worth by crowd sizes. It's pathetic and desperate.
Keep driving the MSM crazy President Trump!
#ShutTheFuckUpDonny
#NotMyPresident
#FakePresident
#TheResistance
#Resistance
#Resist
#Loser
Oh talking about yourself again? 
All day, everyday 
it never ends...always crying about something...anything.
Exactly!
'Go to the light'  lol

The fact that you wanted to clarify who out numbered who reveals that there were probably A LOT of protestors.
Considering you lost the popular vote and all you'll always have more protestors than supporters
Keep working for the good of our country and ignore those who will criticize no matter what you say or do.
The good of our country? You're in Russia, right?
No I'm right here in the great United States. Country I love and defend
Thanks for asking
It's not possible to be a true American & support traitorous Trump. Perhaps you should be deported to Russia.
Agreed. They are not true Americans if they are standing next to man and his family that colluded with a enemy of the #USA!
So please @kelEinemo70 and @RKJ65 tell me what you've done or contributed to our country that makes you a "true American"?
Most importantly, I don't support a traitorous, corrupt, lying, grifting Russian puppet as POTUS.
Well then lucky for you Hillary lost. Your safe now
Are you going to tweet about the Women's U.S. Open as much in coming years when it isn't taking place at your property?
You obviously don't know much about golf opens! They change every year! There are a lot of golf courses around the country! Okay?
Dear Donald: Please resign so the US can get on with trying to fix the problems we need fixed! Your reality TV show #WhiteHouse is a failure
If they couldn't fix them the last 8 years, what makes you think they can now?
I am not sure they can or who ever comes next...but I know he can't! Non with standing he's a dangerous delusional human being!
#FakeNews is destroying democracy..

WATCH out America!
Oh Americans are watching.  And we will not let anyone take our country or our President down
All 36% of you?  Most of you Russiapublicans can't even make it to the fridge during commercials without wheezing!
We made it to the polls just fine, thank you. And I can assure you we are stronger then 36 %, but we are stronger than ANY snowflake.
You made it to the polls in fewer numbers than Hillary's supporters  That was BEFORE opinion polls took a swan dive. 
We made it to the polls to vote because no body ask our opinion, they just assumed. President Trump won the electoral vote with a landslide
We are with you sir!
#1 someone not yelling at you does NOT equal a supporter
#2 your ability to estimate crowd numbers is questionable #inaugurationcrowd
And you do not read well! Those low number pictures were taken way before it filled up!
Get a life and please stop lying!
"Nobody knew [being a shill for a soul vampire] could be so complicated."
Sure should blame 

#someone http://else.lol 
he counted them.
Barron is the only family you have not going to jail. I mean he might, eventually. Who knows what kind of psychological damage you've done.
Last I checked your country needed some change. Why not concentrate on your own country and leave America to the tax paying Americans?
Its not my own words American 99% peoples says ##Trump  not suitable for this seat
Nope. Wrong again. You're watching CNN aren't you? 
Worry about your own country. We got this one.
Donald Trump has been accused of singling out an Irish female reporter in a “bizarre moment” in which he comment on her smile while he on
Well leave it every one know what is wrong what what is Right
Thank you to all of the supporters, who far out-numbered the protesters, yesterday at the Women's U.S. Open. Very cool!...
"Very Cool" Youre so Stupid!!!!
Good Mr President Donald Trump
Apparently Donald Trump hates this photo.

Better not retweet it! #Sad
No captions either...

@Rosie @perlmutations @iamfonda @DavidCornDC
The extremely tight - and tacky - gold watch bothers me most. How can he even feel his hand to golf?!
I didn't even notice the tacky watch. I can't NoT see it now! That's all I see when I look at said photo. Eww
Please excuse the double negative. These days, language is dead, anyway, & I know *I am frazzled. So much to keep up w/.
They were there to watch the women golf, not to see you- You have Camp David and the WH - we shouldn't pay for you to profit personally.
Honestly didn't even know there were protesters there until you just tweeted this. You're an idiot.

Good Morning Mr. President. NEVER STOP TWEETING!!!
Seriously dude, like never.  Need to sign a bill?  Tweet instead. Executive order? Nah, tweet that shit. Urge to comment on body? Tweeeeet.
The absurd absolute is your tell for cognitive dissonance.
It's absurd, but an absolute and a tell, yet demonstrable dissonance?  I see you know the best words, too.  Wheeeee!
WE WILL ALWAYS HAVE YOUR 6, Sir! 
For sure!
give it up--u caused a huge commotion there n disrupted the entire thg. U had to b there to boost n strock ur ego.
Did it ever occur to you it is his property! He can go if he wishes! Guess you are jealous! Too bad!
Ya right I'm so jealous of this buffoon...he has nthg that I want. N he isnt just a normal person any more.
Yet you still noticed!
You're hated so much they protest at your US open. How embarrassing as the president. Like Zuma here you should just leave. Won't be missed
You do realize the protesters were protesting you not the Women's Open right?
Do you realize the protesters were in NY and not the golf tournament? Guess you people just make up things you know nothing about! Children!
The fact that there are political protestors at a ladies' golf tournament shows just how deep the disdain for your administration runs.
Did the supporters get brought in 4 u?  Lime in Poland?
Doing something right to get all these jealous twitter followers! You go Trump!
Errr..or it simply could have been that most of the attendees were being polite. But, then again, you drive a cart on the green! #Etiquette?
You obviously don't care about ALL Americans!
Guess you were mot@listening either when he said even if you did not like him he would protect you too! So what is your beef?
My beef is about a narcissist complaining about protestors in a free country with free speech. Protestors are Americans. His words are empty
Protesting is fine! But destroying and trashing property is not a part of our Amendment rights!
Just cuz everyone was not actively part of a protest doesn't make them supporters. Most were there to watch great golfing.
Excuses! You liberals are good at that!
Yeah, who would ever think of going to a golf tournament to watch ... golf!
I would as I like and play golf!
You conservatives are full of excuses! That's what you said when I suggested most were probably there to watch good golf. Trump to ogle.
Probably so! That is what I would be there for! If Trump shows up then fine. After all it is his golf course and his right to go there!
Most would hope the great orange narcissist would stay away so focus could be on the golfers.
Read your tweets where the protesters far outnumber the supporters.  #Corruption #Lies #abuseofpower
That is because you people have to keep hearing yourselves to be sure you are alive!
Shock! A bunch of rich white men at the golf course don't hate you?
Wrong.
Wait. You had Protestors? Obama didn't have as many protests as you do. Maybe you aren't making America Great again after all?
That's because your so called supporters were just golf fans. Not your fans. #unfitidiot
Ok...we are all getting the point...MATH is not a strength of yours (still waiting to see one). Observation is also not your sweet spot.
Is this like the imaginary people who were at the inauguration?
Honey, who cares! Get a life and do something nice for someone to wear off all your anger and pressure! Amazing how good you will feel!
With everything happening you are still only focused on yourself
Fake supporter numbers

Not cool.
D.T. Jr. Legal Defense Strategy
Admit 9: GATHERING Facts of Criminal activity is NOT (i) NEGOTIATING, NOR is it (ii) TREASON against the US
Paid supporters...just like Poland! And your followers were far LESS then people against you and your lying, thieving administration
@SheriffClarke we will always outnumber them
FAKE News and more of Trump "Alternative Facts". What is truly unbelievable, is that his supporters buy every lie from his filthy mouth.
Besides 'great' and 'cool', how extensive is your vocabulary, Donald.
Can I please have a President that does not say "very cool!"
Are your hands and feet small too?
I wish that I could have been there.
You lost the popular vote and are still insecure about it. I feel more and more alive every time I think about that.
You're so jealous of Obama! Sad!
President Trump has no need to be jealous of loser and lying Obama!
Those pesky lil protestors. Damn democracy. Those pesky poll numbers and bad inauguration numbers
Godspeed Sir, #MAGA every day..Congrats on overseas mission..let the Left eat sloppy seconds cake, while our agendas encourage Nationalism
made in America? You have everything made overseas.. what a bunch of do as i say not as i do! Jerk conman!
The number of protesters at #USGA events is historically low; close to 0% actually. So you hold the record for protesters. Congratulations!
Applauded at my second job raising money for my business at the American tax payers expense. Nothing to see here @GOP
Well yeah. You were at your own place.  Now come to my place and I'll bet you get a different vibe
Who would come to your place to begin with!
For those posting religious "stuff" in support of this man. He, like Pence are convenient Christian-when it suits them.
Its really amazing to be able to see a peek into the life of AN AMAZING AMERICAN PRESIDENT. From HIS EYES. @realDonaldTrump YOU ARE AMAZING
Thanks for acknowledging having both there. @RushLimbaugh would have people believe there weren't any protestors. #FakeNews
With people who think like you there will be protesters! Boring losers!
You would have MORE supporters if you started to respect the opions of all Americans. Supporters and Protesters are fellow Americans. LEAD.
no one was there to support you. They were there to watch golf. Stop thinking everything is about YOU.Damn!
Way to go-for the first time ever,there were 1000's of protesters at a golf tourney.Supporters were invisible.
Positivity out weighs the haters maga
For sure!
Outside your golf course, you've the lowest approval rating of POTUS in poll history. Rule your golf course & leave govt.
#TheResistance
Um, they were there to watch golf not to see you, the interloper.
Now that is fake news Kommrad trump
I told you it would be cool! But did you bring a sweater? Oy, you never listen!
@SheriffClarke you should give up the BOTS. They only serve to make you a bigger liar.
#fakenews
what are you watching? Oh yes back to lies
#FOREVER44. 
lying again Don.hmm..you need help for that.by 70 you should be confident enough to not need to lie.sad...lol
HANG IN THERE MR. PRESIDENT.  THE SILENT MAJORITY IS BEHIND YOU.  GOD BLESS OUR LEADER AND OUR COUNTRY.
Living in a bubble...
Keep up the good work. I believe you really are for us the people that's why they're fighting you so hard.
All 10 of them
Those women players should have boycotted!  Disgrace!

Wow.  Low bar much dude?  Really pathetic. Plus I don't believe you.  La-ti-da!
Nice shoot out to your 3 supports. Loser
You really don't like women or anyone else, just yourself and your pathetic ego, little baby. I can't believe I'm writing this to POTUS
You're delusional.
You may have lost a little credibility as to your crowd-estimating capabilities after the inauguration ....
DOESNT CHANGE THE FACT THAT YOU HAVE THE LOWEST APPROVAL RATING OF ANY OTHER PRESIDENT IN HISTORY 6 MONTHS IN! PATHETIC!
Looks like you outran Satan again today. Maybe tomorrow, fingers crossed....
Everyone Knows PROTESTERS ARE BOUGHT AND PAID FOR WHICH MAKES THE PROTEST ILLEGITIMATE. JEEP UP The GOOD WORK.  OUR COUNTRY NEEDS YOU
you mean the Korean open played in the usa
Why are there any protesters there? Aren't you loved?
Those who take the time to burn and destroy, need to be held responsible. They just get away with it, and keep doing it.
If i could afford my lyrica...i could go golfing again...thanks to repubs...they seem to like all the new tax money coming in...than we the.
They should have kicked you out of there
#deliveringmorefakenews #yourafuckingliar
US Women’s Open at Trump golf course, posted its lowest final round rating in at least 30 years-Trump had tweeted about attending the event.
Now that is #FakeNews
You deserve no respect as you continue to giveawayour democracy with your rhetoric about the important Russia investigation, interference

Numbers don't lie tho
Blind as well as ignorant!
You're dreaming.
Pretty sure it was about tennis and not about you!!!!
Then bring your and Ivanka's manufacturing jobs back to USA. #MadeintheUSA
NOT sure ever remembering previous Pres having to present BEHIND THICK GLASS...OR ANY PROTESTERS at events
Only the rich can get on one of your golf courses so u wouldn't see any protestors
.@realDonaldTrump has ruined my  4 English language. Would rather be lit on then 2 hear him speak in such  incoherent sentences again!SMH
Q. What's smaller than your hands?

A. Your approval rating.
I'd love to see a fact check on this one - but I suppose it could be true since you own the club. Oh, and are making money on the event.
SAW YOU.  THAT IS THE ONLY REASON I WATCHED
It’s hard for the US to pursue anticorruption & ethics initiatives when cant even keeping our own side of the street clean
36%
So sad that you are so decisive.  You against us mentality.
You are such a liar Trump!!! You are a national embarrassment!!
We love you and Melania!
Then you need to ask the wizard for a brain.
YOUR SUPPORTERS WILL NEVER OUTNUMBER THE PROTESTERS!!!!!!!
It's the Women's U.S. Open for god's sake - when are there protests? It's you that brought them #uraliar
You're delusional!!
if you get any protesters at an event the president attends, that is bad.  as in bad.  as in something is wrong.
U do know that u ALWAYS come across as an insecure boy, right? All of us that have avg IQ knw u are the least popular POTUS in U S history.
If your listening to fake news and bought and paid for propoganda . I would agree with you. If you look at nonpartisan it's not correct.
@POTUS Can you say "delusional"? Or "mentally unfit"? How about plain "cuckoo nuts"? POTUS, please just go away.
Doubtful.
God bless trump and pence amendments toward d building of America to its living hood standard God bless America iseeeeeeeeh
Liar
How's that 36% approval rating doing for ya Chump?
And wrong you lost the popular vote...so far out number, don't think so, byyyyy about 3 million
Hang Tough Trump Nation is with You and we understand what You are doing for us...
embarrassing that you are actually being protested at golf tournaments.  Quite sad.

Fake president fake tweets about himself, show ur taxed donnie!
You are so delusional. Very cool!
your protesters far outnumber your supporters.  Sometimes we need a day off.
You do know that the crowds were there to watch the GOLF TOURNAMENT and not there for  YOU don't you? Please tell me you are not that STUPID
Of course I believe you. Why wouldn't I believe the man who claims he had the largest inauguration crowds ever? #FakeTrump
Screw the establishment, I'm a business man and I support you 100%
@
You do understand what you have just said. Golf Donald, NEVER GETS PROTESTERS ! Just one person has caused this to happen, YOU !
You do know that was for tennis? It did not mean 'open' skirts for you to get all grabby.
I didn't think that most people who support you were into golf.  Maybe NASCAR, professional wrestling or competitive eating contests.
Trump protesters definitely out number the supporters.  This person is really mentally unbalanced. Needs to be examined. A very sick mind
Was there a protest about the open, oh that is right it was all about you again wasnt it!
How many womens  bodies did you comment on? All the great shapes must have been boggling for you.
Supporters, protestors not much of a difference.
Well, 36% of them, anyway. Right?
Well, we all know that by now your judgment of crowd size certainly can't be trusted. Biggest inauguration crowd EVER!! Lol, fool...
Please fix the insurance issue I have non cause of 200% increase!! Help the hard working people. Thanks
