
@co_rapunzel4 @duskyprophet @realDonaldTrump @nytimes I see your point but I don't see how it helps
DT wants 2 b news source 4his base 4facts aka disinformation.
#FakeNews
sorry couldn't follow my bad maybe but include some words.
Trump says he's a better news source than the New York Times. He's not.
he is the news not a reporter of it.
It's from the fascist playbook; control the information.
Hire staff to do ur negative tweeting...its dirty work. Fire Obama holdovers, replace w ur own.
He had dinner n US after Presidency at Mara Lago. Thats just insulting to anyone's intelligence. #MAGA #Trump2020
Talking in your sleep does not count
.hey Sir We need to save our children from all these gang rapes
...and the story came out the day before you spoke to him...
About your massive debt to China?
#sad
#nouveauriche
#impeach
.those anti Donald Trump don't like me

The failing @nytimes does major FAKE NEWS China story saying "Mr.Xi has not spoken to Mr. Trump since Nov.14." We spoke ...
#FakeNewsMedia has gotten so lazy and doesn't fact check or even call @WhiteHouse for verification
We believe our President. The Democratic's are exploding! WE HAVE YOUR BACK
will you just get over the nyt already??????  You are ridiculous, small hands.
Everyone knows the NYTimes is doing better than ever.  Just STOP and act like a grown up!
what you need to ban is this fake news you keep complaining about not Muslim travels
you can't read. The Times was reporting on yesterday's conversation and noted 1st conversation since 11/14.
The line says HAD not spoken, and the article is about your phone call yesterday. You have no reading comp skills.
Ny times ALWAYS gets false news and late news
Hey Easy D, you were reading an article about last night's talk, that mentions it was the first since 11/14
keep calling it out. They just make crap up now. Also. Reince priebus may be a mole for the globalists. Watch out
Quit tweeting like at 8 year old bully.
....Just kidding #alternatefacts
FAKE NEWS#MYPRESIDENT TRUMP ROCKS  ON AND ON   END OF STORY       #MAGA


Subscriptions to the New York Times have doubled since you announced your candidacy. Stock is up 20%.
A free press is necessary in a democracy to hold power accountable. You can subscribe here:
Then you might want to call for the release of the press Obama had put in prison.
Are u really this moronic? The article said that B4 YESTERDAY u hadn't spoken for months! #ReadingIsFUNdamental
The @nytimes reports exactly that, @realDonaldTrump. You don't know how to read, you baboon. Ask a grownup. "Had" here is past tense.
He can't read. Kellyanne misread this for him when she was giving his daily intelligence briefing.
呵呵，中國人叫他慶豐年間包子帝！
1. Story ran BEFORE yesterday's call
2. NYT Subscriptions and stocks up

#alternatefacts #trumpfail #DumpTrump
I want you to make Twitter great again Donald!!
There you are! I was worried you'd got tangled in your bathrobe and couldn't reach the phone. Sleep in?
The entire article is about your convo yesterday--the 1st since 11/14. Did you read it? 
president peepee.  You backed down on China. Didn't you?  All tough talk. NO GUTS.
You're a simpering infant. Sad!
Reading comprehension isn't your strength, is it?
You don't seem to understand the word 'failing'  NYT is doing fine.  Failing is what you appear to be doing daily.
Will keep saying this, YOU are FAKE NEWS Dumpty Trumpty
you not read so good?
Conversations that took place after the story was written doesn't make them false.
exactly
The @nytimes can't see into the future honey. they report was published before the meeting with Mr.Xi. Silly billy
although myself & others often dream of time travel adventures hun, just not sure what place in time to travel to
#Whitehouse4Sale
#boycotttrump #boycotttrumphotels #GrabYourWallet #IvankaTheTerrible #Ivanka
yes i do a daily check for any changes and i found that marshalls only pretended to drop the trump line
@TonyaS30305 @nytimes Please let patriots inside govt. know they can contact you with info on leakers, etc. w/ no fear.
Have you checked CBO estimates for trumpcare ptopsalsl because I do not think the estimates can make too many assumptions about...:1
@TonyaS30305 @nytimes Let patriots inside govt. know they can come forward w/ info to expose obstructionists, leakers, etc.
so which one is it, are they fake news? Or one of the best sources like many would say...
@JudyBrandl @nytimes & that was abt making a secret deal so Trump can get approval for his personal deals in china

Деликатность, выдержанность и компетентность в делах вот что надо и слушать мозг
Stay true to your vision...don't look for affirmation from the news outlets or Democrats...just stay true to your vision...
If anyone wants to fact-check Mr Trump on this, the full quote in context is here: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/09/world/asia/donald-trump-china-xi-jinping-letter.html?hp&action=click&pgtype=Homepage&clickSource=story-heading&module=a-lede-package-region&region=top-news&WT.nav=top-news&_r=0 …
Moms may have to get the bar of soap out if @realDonaldTrump can't learn the skill of truth telling. #momsplaining
.@realDonaldTrump @nytimes 

You will never succeed in convincing people you speak truth, it's too late, you Russian puppet.
You're a loser.
@washingtonpost Good work boys, and THANK YOU.
It's a good time to brush up on Watergate history.
I'm listening to the tapes.
Excellent! I've re-read "All the President's Men." Trump makes Watergate tame.

you can bet all those investigative reporters recently hired are trackin' this.
stop having someone read it to you.
How could it be fake news when you just spoke with him yesterday.  Was the NY Times aware of your conversation?
Did you read the first sentence of the article Donald?? Your alternative ... http://tmi.me/1fhHxq 
seems like alot of these followers are onthe same wave length. Why do they try to criticize you non stop? #sad
@BroThadius @nytimes It is clear the #MSM has no clue what's going on so they continue their hit pieces & smear jobs #MAGA
oh like when you talked to Putin "at length" then denied it? The country is watching you liar
@pugbomb1 @nytimes then violated emoluments clause again the next day with China trademarking his name
Fakes news from NYT on top of fake news from the president.  Everything is now officially fake.
I still can't stand he speaking in 3rd person either... it make it 3x as dumb as not reading a thing
FAKE TWEETS
He had the phone call after the New York Times posted that dont figure.
exactly which article are you talking about?
Are you confusing China with Japan, mate?
@SenSchumer they're all creeps Boss!! Done.. nobody believes them anymore!! Just keep doing your thing!! They lose
Keep going like a locamotive full steam ahead.
Wh....when did the article run?
#FakePresident
You realize the more you attack them, the higher their ratings go, right? Since u are so smart, what do u think that means?
just subscribed to nytimes, they have such on spot articles. They don't hide your deception.
NYT article was correct.  Please slow down are re-read it and stop with the lying. A liar can't be trusted.
My observation is that the majority of fake news comes from you and your staff.
The only FAKE is you. Can you grow it up and focus on your JOB
Must be more of those "alternative facts" your mouthpieces like to soew
trump you won 2 months ago stop trying so hard delete your twitter and go fix this country it make you look weak
45, continues his lies.
Oh honey, when you talk back at the television for hours, that is NOT the same things as a conversation. Sad.
R we paying for ur company to stay at ur resort in Florida? Conflict of interest isn't DT?
-  question  will  you  ever act  like an  adult ?
@DavidPCraven @nytimes #MAGA
Sorry Twitler, no proof behind your adjective "failing."  You really need to research before tweeting.
when you don't like the story it's fake.  We don't by it.  It's all true and you will be exposed.  Terrible job.
Shine that light out.Point the light onto something stupid so we won't lookA all the reallyBad things you're doing
Mr President, you've been caught is so many lies, that any fake news is more reliable than your #alternativefacts
And he forces you to take a bow to One China. Way to be strong Trumplethinskin 
grow up lil hands
where you belong. Back to the Golden tower where the world doesn't need to see you fuck it up more
lol. You obviously didn't even read the article in the @nytimes  #loser
after you read the article?
be strong!  America is behind you. We don't believe the fake news. We are smarter than that. Keep the faith.
New York Times Has been completely discredited long ago
Twitter, thankfully, is a great way, day by day, to  share THE TRUTH re: low life media never wants to get correct

Is that alternative facts or real ones? :D
You do realize that every time you claim something is ' fake new', We automatically know it is true, right?
Which is what the story said but somehow u and ur supporters think if you say it ain't so it ain't. CRAZY.
Mr President, forget the haters.. Do your best, to make USA great again..
~ fake pres...
You'veAlsoGotToTurnOurMajorNewsetworks/PapersIntoTruthTellers.WhenDidItStopIthoughtThat'sWhatTheyDid?
Attacking press isn't gonna help you, cause when you really need them...Oh wait. You have loser FOX news.
Subscriptions up not like Trump* merchandise
Try reading the facts and complete article... Start from the top,  work your way down...
very good job Mr @POTUS
didn't actually read the article, did you? It's ok, reading comprehension isn't important for a world leader. Or, is it?
stop with the fake news crap. Everything u say is fake. if u spoke yesterday the article may not have come out yet
your handshakes are bizarre.
Give it a rest Donald your worse then a 3 year old.
Fake news it's criminal
Donny boy. you are delusional beyond description. Propaganda is what u call news, you wanna be dictator hack
Trump knows how to tweet but does not know how to use twitter , he has emails he never checks for one thing
HEY! FAKE NEWS GOT YOU ELECTED!
FAKE PRESIDENT
"Don't worry I'll give it up after I'm President. We won't tweet anymore . . . it's not Presidential." #Liar
boss man, what was the date
of the Times story? Nov 13?
if you hate the media so much bring back the fairness doctrine oh I guess you don't know what that is
so.
You are #FakeNews
When u say highly reputable NYT & CNN are Fake, ur crying wolf, makes it hard 2 believe Golden Showers R fake.
Do you have evidence?
.. fake as you are!!!!

45 YOU ARE FAKE NEWS. STOP YOUR TWEETS. SAD. EMBARRASSING.
. Laser beam walls cheaper more effective
You are the expert on fake news issuing it every day
they are NOT failing...U R #OrangeBlob
ok DJT fake everything wahwah
UM Frm Nov 14 til YESTERDAY is Almost 3 months DUMB shit!Great Job @nytimes Keep it up!
Dude, they said you hadn't spoken to him since Nov 14 until yesterday. Do you speak English? It was simple English
They ignore government sponsered prisoner Organ harvesting in China. Same idiots that gave Hillary debate answers
Trump should actually read the article on his conversation with Xi. The NYT says he HAD not spoken, not HAS.
... Have someone remarkably unpopular denounce your product
corrupt media
this sounds like "Do as I said, not as I do" mentality!!! You will never have the respect of the American People!!
what's length?have your people call my people#worstpresidentever
I think you dislike the fact that the Nytimes is owned by a Mexican who dwarfs your stated wealth.
was that when he made you eat your words. You act tough and stupid. Good that you are a blowhard wimp and stupid.
prove it you mediocre orange crayon
Your failing presidency is what you should be worrying about. You've created nothing but chaos. Do something productive!
better forgotten what in Italy it is said tonight on the President of the United States...
The NYT is an excellent paper. You, "Mr. President" don't like them because they see right through your dirty game
总统川普先生：请问，您的公开通用名字是“川普”还是“特朗普”呢？在大多数的新闻媒体中，出现的新闻都是永“川普”的名字，感觉在中国则称您是“特朗普”。怎么会出现这样两个不一致的名字呢？谢谢。
The fake is you #PredatorInChief. You lie and can not be trusted with running our country.
Again you lie. They wrote their story before you talked with China. Did they give you a better deal on your junk?
I'm a Chinese middle school students, I'm 14.As a president,you should get out of the USA.
When was the story published you dopey loser?  Are dates and sequential events really hard for your big brain?
your telling lies
failing @realDonaldTrump. LOGIC, LOGIC; They reported that a day or two before you spoke to President Xi.. Fake President?
what part of that story was fake? You in fact have not spoken to Mr. Xi until yesterday.
Had is the word you need to look for in the article.  Learn how to get someone to read for you.
Liars & fakes!
But no tweets about the devastation in Louisiana.  Pay attention. Be a president.
Have you considered the possibility the story was written between Nov. 14 and yesterday?
The NYTimes posted 1 thing incorrectly and you're giving THEM a hard time? What about all the lies you've told?
is like a little child: l'm right, I'm right, I'm right all times !!!
you are acting like a little boy worrying about that rag. The mindset behind them is flawed & we know it.
What on Earth are you talking about? Are you making this up or do you really not read the newspapers you hate?
nytimes days are numbered
you would know firsthand about FAKE NEWS Mr. Birtherism
