Boo!!!!!!!
I'm having lunch too.... Put down the fork and get back to work tough guy.
They haven't kept a promise in 50 yrs GOOD LUCK! Don't hold your breathe
Congressional CUCKS haven't, but PRESIDENT TRUMP has kept as many promises as he can w\ THIS GARBAGE CONGRESS!
Did you forget that you're the so-called president? That was YOUR promise. And you don't even understand the basics of health care.
Yes, the things he said during election are garbage. You can't make any promises unless you know what you are dealing with.
He's trying  to fulfill his promise , the congress & the democrats are standing in his way , get off his back & let the president do his job
I am not stopping him! Dems are not stopping him. Reps have house/senate, executive branch, and judicial branch. Can't blame dems
Did you get your 2 scoops of ice cream Donnie??
Bet he had Cake or Pie, 12 Cokes and some fried chicken!
I will be having lunch at the White House today with Republican Senators concerning healthcare. They MUST keep their pro...
I just can't stand Trump!
I will be having lunch at the White House today with Republican Senators concerning healthcare. They MUST keep their promise to America!
Ban Assault Weapons! Ban AR15’s! They are weapons of war as Samuel Zeif said from Parkland when meeting with you today!
Is this like when you said you would help the elephants but didn't? #LiarInChief
No, you'll be GOLFING, as usual.
How about you stop tweeting and golfing and do your feckin job!
He can golf and tweet and still get more done in a day then most people. Don't hate. #StandUp 3
Funny how they accused our president racism, they're the ones spree hate , whining & complaints so pathetic
Disgusting!! Dead promises! LIAR! Dems always have it!! Mr President OBAMA WE MISS & LOVE YOU & MICHELLE AND ALL YOUR CLASS! HELLA EDUCATED!
True Democrat indeed
@GartrellLinda Tell MITCH KENTUCKY IS WATCHING HIM!
You keep yours ......
Such an inspirational words
Well they did not keep promise! They let us down drain the swamp
They did not promise, YOU did! But you promised better and cheaper healthcare for EVERYONE, not just a change. Changes only good if better

President Trump sir, what do you except out of the Republican Senators? Only to keep the promised.
Too bad there were 3 Rinos who voted against a skinny repeal. We could have gotten closer to a no mandate health care. McCain's betrayed us.
THEY ARE SPINELESS.  DTS.
they're out to get you to sir! Please be careful !!!
you're right Mr.president!! Witch hunt... PLEASE LOOK INTO FUSIONGPS!!!!
Speaking of PROMISES Mr. President, find the LEAK that released transcripts of international talks and try for TREASON. Your talks PRIVATE
They are all against us.
They have let down the American people. Bet in 2018 will not vote for any incumbents
Medicare Advantage plans for all. Quit trying to re invent the wheel. We already have a good system created over years.
Senators promised to move on.
Have your fancy lunch while we starve. Senators fail Trumps insurance bill once more or as many times as they put it up. Fix Obamacare.
Drop it until you even mention caring about the elderly, disabled, and poor Americans. Insurance will be defeated until you do and fix ocare
Uhm..... why tf you're typing this ok fucking twitter
Y'all know he is as useless as 1 toy on a hog
My husband and I receive a letter from the IRS telling us we owe $1151.60. Another family member revived a IRS letter also. What is going on
Yes thats right Minister President. Rieki Peters.
Can't manage the WH let alone healthcare or the country!
Good direction!!!!!!!!!
Yes , Make Congress feel the pain !!!! Brilliant !!!!!!
They didn't make the that promise you did. You promise send a whole  lot of things. So far all you have done is offend a lot of people.
To 1/10000 of America as I recalled all Republicand didn't make that promise.
Salute
You are good sir. I want to meet you for job in USA . I'm best engineer so I wants to work in USA for money . I have a project .
How did that work out?
Good luck with that
P.Trump do you have some1 n your D.P.H.H. R. NAMED JAMES WILLIAMS a claiming agent?If yes ok if no you got a scammer.& he trying to scam me
Please let the Senate be the Judge of the Obamacare. You should respect the Separation of Power as the Defender of the US Constitution.
President Trump, let's change the healthcare that the house and senate has to Obamacare. They get theirs for free.
The Democrats proved they're completely unnecessary when it comes to having an adult conversation. Republicans do that all by themselves.
They must repeal OBAMACARE now to keep their promise to the American people.  Legitimate replacement can come later with cooperation.
Why?  You never do.
The Republicans are ashamed of you. They hate Putin for getting you elected because now they have to deal with you.
We will be telling McCain and McConnell, "you're fired".
The problem with health care in America is that the CEOs are paid millions of dollars, making health care premiums high.
They may keep there promise to serve american people and realize sooner or later that there is no good replacement for Obama care yet...
The Senators and congressmen need to be forced onto Obama Care.  Or again: let me buy the same policy they have for the same price.
Had lunch w/Sean Hannity too.  Did he give u an A+ rating too? Was that before or after u cuddled?
Funny how u think the senators should keep their promise to America but you can't keep your promise to transgenders about protecting them.
You MUST keep your promises to America. So far an EPIC FAIL
But you & they keep omitting important part of the promise: a bill giving more coverage, for more people, for less money—can’t be GOP only.
I hate your Whitehouse
idiots sell across state lines … Health savings accounts this is what lowers the price. NOT looking out for INS CO.
This separation has to end. We need to get dems & republicans working together for the good of the US.
This sounds like a Russian Mafioso meeting where you try to bully, threaten and strong arm.
you should too. Oh wait, oops, too late
How about you keeping any promise to america you promised during election times you liar?????
Maybe you should invite some woman to help discuss what to do with WOMAN health care. Do you even understand birth control?
You mean how you kept yours to the transgender community???
But not healthcare for transgender troops bc $560 annually for a soldier is wayyyyy too much, right?
Stay with it!
I bet that you like lunch that sucks
Hey... you DODGED THE DRAFT.
باز تحریم کردی ما مردم آمریکا رو دوست داریم ولی این تحریمها باعث میشه حالمون ازت بهم بخوره مثلا توافق هسته ای داشتیم ...گور پدر برجام .‌‌‌
"They" how about you, you bafoon!
Where do you guys keep all your white robes and pointy hoods when you have these meetings? Also do you get them dry-cleaned? Stay frosty, D.
Never give up on this Don...
They r keeping their promises to us. They arent voting on your trash bill.
To bring jelly?
You have done more in a week then obummer has in 8 years
Don't you think you should include democrats? Sorriest deal maker, ever. Sad.
How's that "selling us out to the Russians" thing going?
You really promise to make our lives miserable so you can help out your rich buddies? #Sociopath
end Obamacare's congressional exemption.
your job is to bring this country together to do what's best for the PEOPLE!   We are your boss.  I say- You're fired!
Like you? What "promise to America" have you kept? Where are your tax returns? Where's this plan to deal with ISIS?
keep all the insane promises, and dismiss all the sane ones!--yeah, only you can the whole world upside down!
I honestly dislike this man with a passion 
Make sure you tip your staff. They prob get shit pay and no healthcare.
Cool, I just had lunch at home. Pb&j. What did you have?
What about YOUR promise not to cut Medicaid? Oh! I get it. The campaign is over, right?
Thank You Mr. President!
Own It! It was your promise!
You never kept yours!
Can you change how people spend their disability money. I don't think they should be able to buy liquor & cigarettes or drugs with it.
What about you!
Cock
Mandate that Congress and Senate are not immune from Obamacare, give it to them to use till they repeal Obamacare.
Karma karma karma
Impeach Trump 2017
Mr. President, if you want action on Obamacare, you should take away Congress and Senate's Gold healthcare and give them Obamacare to use.

If you think that's bad. Here's pages 1-3 of the affidavit filed on @realDonaldTrump for sex assault on a minor. Pages 4-6 follow. 
@RandPaul @SenateGOP @HouseGOP PASS HEALTH CARE!  UNITE AS A PARTY FOR ONCE AND SUPPORT THIS PRESIDENT FOR ONCE!!
Mr. President, please keep YOUR promise to America and do not cut Medicaid. You said you would not cut Medicaid. Please honor your promise.
You need to keep your promises to America 
Thinking you must keep your promise to America great HC for all w/O touching Medicare medicaid disability social security
It shouldn't cost 3k for an MRI,for instance...stop that kind of ridiculous costs to consumers. People for because they can't afford it
As long as there's chocolate cake I suppose you'll be happy.
Pathetic individual, so embarrassing
They saved us told u noooo.. Go away cry baby
Speaking of promises, what about your other promise not to touch Medicare or Medicaid? Was that a second class promise?
You say Senators have to "do the right thing". Seriously?? Is ignoring the AMA, AARP, and other experts the right thing?
Your promise was BETTER healthcare at "a small fraction" of what ACA costs. How is passing ANYTHING keeping that promise?
You want them to keep YOUR promise.
Tweet it. Don't repeal it. The insurance corporations are thieves.
Trump thinks he is above the law
will you be eating the taco bowl or kfc?
Tell them we are paying attention this time! God Bless
Keep your offense up. Ask them if they believe our Constitution gives them the Power over the People or the People over them.
I think he is doing a great job with what he to work with.keep it up Trump supporter
What about your promise(s)?
Your tweets are the fake news
IT WAS YOU THAT PROMISED US!!  "FIRST THING WE'RE DOING, AND IT WILL BE EASY AND EVERYONE WILL HAVE GREAT H/C!!"  YOU LIED
You must keep promise to U.S. 5x more for premiums is NOT acceptable. #fixitfirst
You do understand, don't you, that they answer to the American Public, not YOU...right?
It's not just their promise, it's yours also. I can post the clips if you like?
Repeal! Don't keep another entitlement! All concerns can be handled through separate legislation! No RINO PORK! #DrainTheSewer
what'd you have to eat bud?
What promise? Having affordable access to healthcare or to give the rich a tax cut?
Why
The promise to kill Obamacare, the promise to kill millions of Americans, or both? Just trying to keep up, @realDonaldTrump.
Was it a Big Mac with large fries? Or KFC? Yum!
Yes, they must. Which means fighting for their voters best interests, not yours.
Ok text me after
Will you be keeping yours #promisemenopromises
A bad bill is worse than no bill. 
FIRST STEP is REPEAL.
So give America poor health care so the rich can get richer
YOU don't keep promises. You only want tax breaks for the wealthy. You are punishing the sick, elderly, disabled & poor. #Resist #Fuck45
thanks for all you have done that don't get reported Fox news needs to step it up like are Hanity that reports real news. He don't back down
It's time to play hard ball with the dems President Donald J Trump. So we can move on instead of you having to deal with all this sewage puk
Sick the mucci on them
Getting facts! WHO pays for Congress's salary AND insurance????Let's hear the breakdown of the lies
Let it collapse. Glad your draining the sewer. Lock her up lock all the crooks up that screwed the hard working Americans over.
You can tell them if they don't they'll be gone very soon.
If only you'd be this transparent with meetings you have with Russian leaders, we'd all be much better off!
Good luck on that! After all, THEY are politicians!  Beware the enemy within!
I believe that promise was something you made they didn't make it , give the American people the same insurance that we pay for Congress
REPEAL OBAMACARE FIRST!!!
The promise should be to provide good,  reliable, affordable healthcare to Americans.   Not some hack plan to hurt us.   Wrong priorities.
can i talk to you Sir Donald j. Trump
Or what? You'll release whatever it is you're blackmailing them with?
Steak with ketchup?  Maybe a Big Mac and some sugary drinks?
You are the LAST person who has any right to gripe about others not keeping their promises.
Wait a minute...YOU promised much improved healthcare at lower cost. What happened to "the art of the deal"? Can't handle those congressmen?
