@JoSheram Hopeing he is not the same old crap, every step he takes should be with respect for veterans and families
What his first job should be is fire every incompenant head of departments, if he doesn't nothing changed
The people running VA are shameful, not one should keep job, if they do, very disappointed
@JoSheram makes me pretty nervous that dems voted for this guy 100%,
since Flynn has tweeted he's a Scapegoat, in interest of transparency, honesty, admin should explain what did go on here?
pretty sure that was a parody account Joe. Might want to double check. Fooled me too for a minute.
not surprised. Few followers.But big papers quoted it.The people trying 2bring @realDonaldTrump down will stop at nothing
I'm sure U recall this kind of circus here in Toronto. The leftwing media put targets on Conservatives. Y?
and still do.
where does the hatred stem from??? Why are they so against conservatism?
Sorry bud, but we don't scream racist, sexist, misogynist, xenophobe, nazi, hitler, BlahBlah
the VA already sucks ass. Can it get any worse?
It could.. It could..
oh...great 
oh great about what?
it's not actually great
so what is it then.. So-so?
hopefully does accountability and  cut appeal backlogs Terminology needs change claim backlog to backlog cases period!
Some needs to look into Our Vets not getting deserved VA benefits when coming home with brain tumors and cancer...unreal...
God Bless you and our American veteran HEROES !
Thank you for tweeting to us it makes me feel like I'm being involved  :)
You disrespect  and insult veterans. No credibility. No integrity.
and to Michael Flynn - bye Felicia #resist
can you comment on Michael Flynn's resignation and why you won't release your tax returns? Asking for the country 
protect our country like Flynn?Russian picked?You're next 45!It's only a matter of time until we know the truth about you.
at first glance I thought this said, "congratulations on your #vasectomy."
I hope you do a better jod then the last one.
that's good keep moving forward president trump
Congratulations!

.@realDonaldTrump we know how much you love veterans
Trump lobbied politicians to ban disabled veterans with business licenses from operating near Trump Tower @quikjl 
unlike yourself 
delete your account
sir I had you you
 will have some conversations with the president of nigeria who is no where to be found for quite some -
my man
Sure. Let's privatize VA too and vets will get even less care so your/his rich friends can profit from taxpayers money.
stop tweeting and approve aid for California
Flynn compromised by the Russians?
.@realDonaldTrump Remember when you faked bone spurs to avoid going to Vietnam then went on to insult John McCain for being captured?
45 lost today with his immigration ban. We don't like LOSERS!!!
Its a shame Flynn did what he did, but Pres Trump will assemble one of the greatest cabinets ever seen.
Make the VA Great Again!
halt on federal hiring. Sorry
Fix it from within. Sorry. http://www.gao.gov/products/109036 
excuse me,,,  site.
Yes! They deserve our help after their sacrifice of service!
stant up for the veterans and stop all the bullshit. Remember you lost. Grow up

No, thanks!
You are a veteran too! A Veteran of draft dodging!!!
It's the beginning of the end for you, Mr. So-Called-President.  Don't believe me?  Just you wait and see 
screw all the haters, they're  just going to keep on hating no matter what decisions are made.
failure
Your rep is sinking further into the swamp the more you let yourself be manipulated. #Bannonspuppet #Putinspuppet
- not you 
should we call you Don or John? Please advise!
I have a better name for him. Jackass!!!
I'm an Army Veteran, and I don't believe a word you say Mr. President.
here here!
Fair enough. Probably the same for the last president as well, right?
No sir, me and all my buddies actually slept easier at night under the leadership of @BarackObama
That's great, but the record shows he also had an honesty problem. They all do.
politics has never been perfect. But politics have never been quite like this in the US
LOL. You'll get no argument from me! No question about that.
.@realDonaldTrump the Vets could really use all that money you want to waste on a wall
Hell, the vets could use the money he spends taking every weekend off at Mar-a-Lago.
The vets could use the donation money he always promises to give them.
the vets could use the money he pays on orange makeup
Did you complain when Obama used vet money for Michelle's sex change?

sometimes you need fire to fight fire dear.
Praying for you @realDonaldTrump #MadeInTheUSA
he's gonna need all those prayers because he's getting #impeached
impeached based on what?
he's compromised by Russia
oh,  like Obama and Clinton
My husband just said Military and Veterans deserve what they are paying congress
newspaper? Website? Magazine? Radio? Where?
Hillary as sos made uranium deal with Russia. Russian Co. Paid. Millions to CCF
Michelle and Dr. Biden brought the VA out of disaster. I know, I'm a Vet's wife. I'll be watching your efforts.
you absolute cunt, Donnie.
Rob, does being a leftist make it OK to go around using nasty offensive language in public forums?
If you're offended by my choice of words, that's your problem. Not mine.
Rob, I have heard a lot worse. You should clean up your act though because this attitude will cause you trouble in time.
that's your opinion.
this AYWHO SHULKIN is a HUGE disappointment, HAS NOT done a damn thing! @POTUS Plz Tell this jerk to get to work or he is FIRED
@SecShulkin making deep cuts to the VA program that aids HOMELESS veterans?  Is that taking “care of Veterans who have fought to protect our country”?   Come on and real help our soldiers. Don’t deprive them.
Congratulations to our new #VASecretary Dr. David Shulkin. Time to take care of Veterans who have fought to protect… htt...
RIP veterans
no jokes here. You better take care of the veterans! https://youtu.be/HfqafLjePqw 
Butch he has already done more for our vet than Obama did in 8 years. For once their not fucked

Your national security advisor just resigned bc of his deep relations w Russia... 1 door closes, another opens, amiright?
But srsly, wow, you haven't even confirmed your entire cabinet & it's already starting to fall apart—that didn't take long
Next up? Priebus!
Then after the Kellyane & Ivanka for violating federal corruption laws not even a month into office...
The most hilarious part is your probably make another angry tweet in the morning blaming the dems for all this
Naa, It's your fault!!
my daughter us an Iraqi vet.as soon as she got home,no health no dental.she came home w severe PTSD and panic attacks.
Who told her to go there in the 1st place? Iraq for sure didnt ask for her "help".
@paulicus How well does he speak Russian?
maybe he can help my friend Luis (decorate vet) who's fighting with Tri-care to have cancer surgery.
Oh lord
awesome how about a statement of how your administration will do that?

Is the White House, Alzheimer Free-Zone or
Ongoing Geriatric Home?
#OUR #VETERANS R #NOT #FORGOTTEN.#IT'S #TIME #AMERICA #RESPECTS N #SHOWS #GRATITUDE #TOWARDS #OUR #VETERANS #ALWAYS
hope he doesn't fuck up. Our service members deserve better than what they have been getting.
you can start by NOT dismantling the ACA!
By taking away their health care
#VaSecretary WRAMC campus can safely house Vets & families while recovering. Let's do beyond gd enough. Innovate.
Give affordable homes to Vets...or.....
, is he, or you, a veteran?
Who cares especially when you support Putin.
Thats rich, coming from a draft dodger.
Yes and give veterans a card to use with regular hospital
let me guess... his last job was an arms merchant...
if I were you I'd stop and think that California's GDP is 6th largest in the world. I'd them ask them what they need
vets are the forgotten.
Thank you for remembering them!
Or maybe Melania could live at the WH...that money saved would serve the Vets BIGLY.  There's a thought...
#MakeVeteransHealthy
That wouldn't be you. How many deferments again?
fuck trump
what's between his eyebrows?
Finally the cabinet is coming together.
it is GOP who has been blocking caring for them about time they step up, the do nothing but block congress, a lazy lot. Sad
maybe use the money  for the wall on them? Just a thought.
means "take care of" in the mafiosa sense... he wishes he was one! but could never handle it!!
Rome is burning.
A shame they can't protect us from you.
I called the VA in Nov 4 an apt with podiatry because of a service connected problem w/my feet. Apt was made for MAR 2017
what ever happened to that 6 million dollars raise for veterans if you release your taxes?
Hope VA Secretary Shulkin is given the resources needed to really help our Vets and Families.
i hope now  the answers to all or most of the problems will be solved
Apped new Dir of Phoenix VA knowing her history of unsterile equip in the VA before being sent to the Philappines Bad Choic
not just our country but our rights. One of which is being able to criticize government. Or did Stephen Miller forget that
Congratulations, and thanks for  doing what you said in your campaign speech Mr.  President to help Veterans. DON'T STOP!!!
go get em'.
We look forward to a revamped VA system!
what about the vet that was deported to mexico is the VA going to help them?
let's take care of them by removing you and putting in an honest president who doesn't make deal with enemies and lies
congrats
To reunite, STOP occupations,negotiate dismantling ISRAEL ZIONIST entity  APARTHEID"ويسألونك عن الجبال فقل ينسفها ربي نسفا
@KellyAnnePolls Stop flooding VA w/vets from wars 4 Israel http://www.globalresearch.ca/greater-israel-the-zionist-plan-for-the-middle-east/5324815 … Wars pushd by http://hugequestions.com/Eric/TFC/FromOthers/list-of-neocons-for-Iraq-war.htm …
hope you got putins approval!
are you gonna show them the same respect you showed Sen  McCain you draft dodging coward? You should be ashamed! #Traitor
Fantastic! 

#VetsB4Illegals 

@realDonaldTrump
please help blue water navy veterans dying from agent orange. I wrote Obama administration frequently and nothing.
has Shulkin served?
you don't care about veterans. The hiring freeze? Who did you think that would affect?
They are all at #NODAPL and they can really use the help you suggest #divestdonald #DivestDAPL #GrabYourWallet
When you're not shit-talking them because they point out your incompetence, right @SenJohnMcCain? Sad! #Trumpocalypse
Yeah...What did you do when the US needed you in Vietnam?  You made up a heel spur to get your deferments.
From a ww2 and Korean war vet-clean that swamp at  the VA out-stop those bonuses that cause fraud

or take away their benefits as u like to do
And meanwhile you sell us out to Putin. I am waiting to be impressed.
I still wish you would use Senator Scott Brown
congratulations to him, boy he has a job ahead of him , vets have been left out to long. Clean house , need people who care
do NOT SUPPORT Santos goberment is absolutly a corruption goberment DO NOT WAIST THE MONEY WITH SANTOS.
Thanks for nothing, Donald. #DraftDodger
Care of our vets improved dramatically under Obama. You know it. Can't say it. FAKE DONALD FAKE!
Mr. So-called President, every one person elected to chair, two lose their positions. Not the definition of winning, sir.

YES this is looong overdue!
ok....let's see what he's got!!!!
Congratulations, Mr. Secretary.  Lets make the VA great again.
Well your party has been the one that constantly cut the VA budget.
Boy,he has a hard job.I suggest going on the ground and
seeing for yourself what is going on.Leaders will lie to protect.
Awesome. Rid some of the top officials who received bonus for "getting Vets in to be seen" for medical care but Vets died
What the heck do you know about protecting MY country????
bla bla bla.., you suck.
Stop mandating Anthrax vaccines!
REPEAL 1986 NCVIA & Veto HR2232! Kids aren't profit for pHARMa with #NoLiability
Lots to do! Get to work doctor!
Take care of them by killing the ACA?  You are a loser by 2.85 mil and 3-0 in court. #Fascistloofafacedshitgibbon
Why is That? 8: Genocide and Hope in Iraq (Web-extended)
Why is @SenateGOP going on vacation when all @realDonaldTrump nominees are not confirmed? Reps should work atleast 1/2 the #SpeedOfTrump
You have finally made a good choice!
@G6throughF5 Family Member has not been cared for... every benefit has been reduced to nothing. Humiliation&Contempt 2 Vets
and you are gonna do that how? Have them build your wall?
THAT'S COMRADE SHULKIN TO YOU!
What about Russia?
so people who didn't dodge their service like you did! 5 TIMES!!
backlogged vets because VA can't hire qualified nurses, podiatrists, etc...salary scale last updated in 1970's. sad. Help!
@TeamTrump that is awesome! God bless our vets!
#anotherbadpick
To those care more about non-citizens & refugees, and don't want to support veterans & fellow Americans, I say: go to hell.
mr Shulkin FIRE all them low life  Free loaders.they are just there for a paycheck..the top people First.
and..time 4 Seniors Citizens 2 get a decent raise so we can also pay bills rent n good shop..wouldnt that B nice
great pick
Congratulations!
With Trump the stock market soars! With @BarackObama insurance cost and racial hate soars! #TRUMP #Truth
God’s word is your anchor. Drop it deep in your spirit and stand strong when the storms come
boooooooo
he looks rosted to me like a mexican i though change had come to america
YES, I know everything about being a disabled veteran! What the Fuck do you know about serving your country! U KNOW NOTHING
So is this guy a non-veteran who hates veterans? Your other appointments oppose the areas they oversee, so ...
another swamp creature?  Why? #DrainTheSwamp #Resign #ImpeachTrumpNow #Resisr
let's see it
@Catness16 that's the last thing Democrats want to do is stand up for our veterans veterans being freedom
I...don't have anything bad to say about this nomination. I wish your whole cabinet were so wisely chosen.
this surprised me .
Do right by our vets & Israel & U will have my support to the end. congrats 2 Shulkin.
did ether of you serve in the military or did he also brave the "STD trenches" of NYC nightlife like you did?
. Yes.... It has been long overdue..after all, they sacrifice themselves to fight for our cihntry
.. Oops.. I meant country 
in regards to Flynn I remember a chant that is now appropriate. Lock him up.  Benghazi was nothing compared to this.

what? You couldn't find a veteran for the job?   Why do you hate veterans?
because you were a draft dodger ... too afraid. ..coward! !
Bring it! We need reform and someone who actually cares.
Took months to get combat Vet thru VA system for PTSD, only happened after sitting for 13 hours in ER. Will you fix that?
amazing is not correcta
Do the right thing and it all will be good.
too bad he is 12th in line of succession Only decent person in cabinet
I must admit Shulkin is a good pick.  Who picked him?  Definitely wasn't you. He doesn't fit in your cabinet clown car.
