Let's be clear, Obama's administration had superior diplomatic leadership and firepower was never an issue...
Ironically Obama used Hilters Methods to brainwash these people. The 1% and pro- Capitalists stole wealth and their country. The US flag and
and history represent the capitalist corruptors.  These must be destroyed and removed they are symbols of oppression and hate. The only
Take action when nessassary. NORTH k. Blowing hot air.
RT @AmbJohnBolton: Our country &amp; civilians are vulnerable today because @BarackObama did not believe in national mis...
You sold the conservative, stop spending base for trillions more debt. Trump& his swamp just gave the Dems a big beautiful pkg with a big red bow in spendingTrump you stabbed your base!
@BarackObama wolf in sheep's clothing. Absolutely worst president in US history. Today's problems lie squarely on his shoulders.
That isn't true
And trump doesn't believe in sprinklers. People's lives are in danger if there is a fire in his buildings
But at same time how many times were we attacked. Exactly.
Look at the gentlemen seated to the right of Rocket Man, does he or his wife look North Korean.? Trust me I know stuff.
Love peoples who has c'mon sense!

They hate each other, obama is deep 6 with America voting 2016
@realDonaldTrump @BarackObama false. We're vulnerable bc of the tweets #Dotard posts. Nk hadn't posed an immediate threat
let'$ ju$t throw more tax payer money into that HUGE deep CE$$POOL called the white whorehouse... YOU know the one called the dump by t_RUMP
That's not  only reason. Obama governed based on his personal anti USA ideology. Continues his traitorous ways with OFA & team of traitors
Liar.
THANK GOD OBAMA IS GONE!!!
Thank you mr. President for standing for our country and giving God the glory

He left this country vulnerable and weak, yet the Left criticizes POTUS
I know, can only think they're in denial, HRC would have been 4 more years of BHO
Did Putin tell you to say that?
Boooooooo Bolton deserves better then your hater spew. Go live in NK
Is this Tweet going in today's "happy folder"? 

@BarackObama didn't have to demand loyalty or manufacture praise. He earned it. 
Yea that's why NK has a nuke because of obamas lack of action! Great job obama!

Our country & civilians are vulnerable today because Trump is a mirror image of Kim Jong Un.
We are worried Trump may start a disastrous war just to thwart any impeachment attempts. Like a real life Frank Underwood.
Um well we are vulnerable because Russia is extorting YOU and your FATHER. It's ok. We got him on #SEXTrafficking. 
#TrumpTrafficking THREAD #SexTrafficking 
1) He's not insane. He Kim & Putin are coordinating to distract from this. http://ir.net/news/politics/126633/report-4-indictments-likely-friday-ny-trump-investigation/ … 
Read the thread and don't be distracted by the North Korea stuff. Kim, Putin, Trump and Junior are all coordinating.
Yeah I know but REALITY has become STRANGER than FICTION. #StayWoke NO #Distraction
BO was nothing more then a White House occupier & golfer. But he managed to become filthy rich doing nothing but leading from behind.
And from where, exactly, do you buy your crack cocaine? This is literally a description of our current fake president.
Oh, great. Another smartass weighing in. My day is complete. Just say you disagree. We're all entitled to an opinion.
Opinions must be based on facts. Saying Obama was a "golfer" doesn't make sense. Most U.S. Presidents were golfers.
Omg, you again?
Yes, I have a job and a family to take care of. Just want to keep pointing out actual facts. I'm sorry you have been used by Trump & GOP.
See, Evie & I share opinions. If you cd maybe take your toys & go & play with ppl who share *your* opinions, you might be happier. Thanks.
Actually, to continue to keep America the great country it is, we need to listen more to those with differing opinions than our own.
How much $$ does DJT profit when a tomahawk missile is launched. I wonder.
You are both the worst
Traitor!
Don't worry, Trump sorted The North Koreans out with a really, really tough tweet a week or two ago.
The Kims are nuts, but through Clinton, Bush, and Obama terms there was no back and forth threats like Trump has stirred up.
Thank you Barack obama
Correct as well he Ignored Americans Child Trafficking Even To the point of shipping Over seas
CHANGE YOU CAN BELIEVE IN
Bullshit
Our country & civilians are more vulnerable today bc 45 doesn't know what the hell he's doin! Giving secrets away to the Russian to show off
@bhart48 @BarackObama You've lost your faculties.
He lied about just about evrything http://youtu.be/T7LGoHV3aKs   via @YouTube
We're more vulnerable today because @realDonaldTrump believes in missile defense (easily overwhelmed) more than he does in diplomacy.
latest DELUDED guy: @AMBJIHNBOLTON (August 9, 2017; 13:56 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
if this is what he TRULY thinks...,@AMBJIHNBOLTON (August 9, 2017; 13:56 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
SERIOUSLY??? @AMBJIHNBOLTON (August 9, 2017; 13:56 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
"our country is vulnerable today because (of) @BARACKOBAMA???" @AMBJOHNBOLTON (August 9, 2017; 13:56 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
The Traitor in Chief would never help a country he hates.
I would do some study on that if I were you. Thank God  I'm not.
Amen
Barack Obama he's the worst President we have ever had!  This is why American aren't together now b
My god, quit blaming other people and do something constructive
We are in more danger from OBUMMER created national divide of the people
Obama graciously boyscouted our country, blame is a fool's hammock. @iamjohnoliver
Obama was trying to destroy our Country, and continues to with stirring up all the racist movements and working to overturn our President
Don't we have enough nuclear. Bombs to already destroy whole world
Me Bolton. What do you think is going on with these Ships. We had 96 ' Houseboat in Past and No away you would run into another????
This is true but he was very good and drawing lines in the sand
The GOP Government of Putin in  are so hateful. 8yrs of obstruction and blame. Did it cross your mind to help @BarackObama
Right on John!!
now that we have trump america will kick ass again and not kiss ass!! go trump go!!
I think your country is vulnerable because they let a toddler who throws temper tantrums every other day be president.
Bullshit.
And that so,80's walrus mustache,  REALLY!!!!!!!
.
Liar! He, Barack Obama, was a great President of the USA. You're a lousy liar and an untrustworthy human. What a shame for America

Obama is not in office Trump is. When is he going to make America great again?
So proud to have you as our president you do care what happens to us unlike the last president you hang in there and keep on doing for us
J'adore l'amerique c'est un pays puissant.
We didn't gave the world mad at us then
YOU are the problem
DENNY MCLAIN-Major Leagues Last 31 Game Winner..Peoria Illinois @North Woods Mall-Fri-Sun-10-7-"Free Pics" With Denny-
Because Obama was not a legal president.  He was put in office to destroy America. Now we have a real American president . President Trump
No John we are weaker today because the joker in the white house is trying to deflect from Russia probes by poking the bear.  Nice try!
Trumpment - movement of people with Trump temperament
That's a bullshit lie. Congress is responsible for that and you damn well know it! FAKE NEWS from U!
and Bill Clinton subsidized NK's nuclear program.
Didn't you just tweet "fire and fury" referring to NK; so you make our country look like a laughing stock and you still blame Obama?
Mister Bolton:  please stop being belligerent.  The world wants peace.
Please stop hating on your predecessors in the office. You don't look good bashing the Bush's, Carter, Clinton and Obama & praising Putin
Oh FFS! GET REAL. #25ththe45th
What if North Koreans decide to attack? How vulnerable will we be then?
Bullshit
Are you just mad that @BarackObama was granted his own Holiday? Is that making you angry?
Those missles were dismantled YEARS ago. Remember the cylos they were in? Disarmiment? There must pass history test before anyone gets
Give it up John. You are a failure. You must be thrilled that DT is retweeting you. Hope your making lots of money on Fox pontificating!
Amen Ambassador
Did you find the WMD yet, John?
We certainly weren't under threat by N Korea.Trump's rhetoric is leading us to a nuclear war. Don't blame Obama for Trump's big mouth!

No, we're vulnerable because of the traitor in the White House.
Stop blaming & START WORKING. Presidents don't sit at their desks waiting for others to do all the work. U r not a dictator! Dick-yes!!
You just can not get your history correct, you R either very stupid, or refuse to study!
That's right Barack Obama has always been a devil
@realDonaldTrump @BarackObama maybe it's because he wanted to maintain peace without intimidation and Barack wasnt giving +
+ anyone reason to hate Americans. Obama was peaceful and did not bully anyone unlike Trump.
Sounds like a serious problem, what is President Trump doing about it. Oh, and can you tell me, why should we not forget it about Obama?
You can't even smell Obama's farts
national missile defense can't stop what North Korea has....nothing currently made public is able to.

why are you spreading nonsense?
Let's not forget who increased spending to update our nuclear arsenal-  Obama
Our country is vulnerable because Trump can't keep his mouth closed.
#alternative
@realDonaldTrump @BarackObama https://youtu.be/CnP5QEOapBs 
Are you still here?
Where was the missile defense system from: Reagan, H.W. Bush, Clinton, W. Bush?

Besides if missiles are in the air I guess millions of people will just be collateral damage for you.

You belong in jail Bolton
You and rest of GOP gave us a Putin puppet for president. America will never, ever forget.
Also forget that Bolton HATES Obama = so his remarks are biased and meaningless - pretty much exactly like Trump as President!  PATHETIC!!!
Great job mr president stay stro
ng and keep america safe
It's called diplomacy.
Keep playing with fire.
I'm positive that there are a ton of details left out of this but not to worry!Trump fixed our nuclear arsenal in 6 mos. we are good! Right?
YeH but if O had just believed in it like it was the tooth fairy all would have been well!!!....
You right, he had the nerves to give other options a try! And had to deal with the worse financial crisis ever... handed by whom?
You should be committed to an insane asylum
John what is an interceptor and sensor as well as THAAD?  These where increased during the Obama admin
Very scary!  So glad he's gone!!!

“He is sick of mind, impetuous, arrogant, belligerent and dangerous.” http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/gordon-humphrey-trump_us_598d09d3e4b09071f698bee2?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 …

You all are OBSESSED with @BarackObama!  I know he's good looking, and was the worlds greatest President, but damn!
You're still alive.  Thx Obama. That's more important than dying in a nuclear war.
As dim as it looked with so many people running, when the dust settled, I knew you were the only one that could beat Hillary.
Except Obama put billions into upgrading and modernizing our defense system.

No Mr. Bolton.  Let's not forget that the technology doesn't work.  I expect smarter from you.  You aren't the standard Trump sycophant.
Our country is safer because Obama got bin Laden. Something a repug couldnt do. So when we all blow up thank donnie.
Lies
No we’re vulnerable because the Orange Baboon in charge doesn’t know when to shut his mouth
Yes, this impending nuclear war is 100% Obama's fault
You're a fucken nut. Let's not forget that
We won't!
That is a totally idiotic statement.
Pee Tapes!!!
Traitor Obama hate the USA & did not care to protect our nation or her public, put in prison @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MASA #DTS #TrumpTrain
Just build a wall to keep the missiles out!
Absolutely!  He manipulated the whole country, and is still trying to get that third term.
Reality bolt from Mr Bolton, thank you, sir.
That must have been why it was billions where spent on the program during the Obama administration.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ground-Based_Midcourse_Defense …
 always make is someone else's fault..that's the oath? Obama walked into a MESS - don't forget that either. It's not an easy job!
LOVE YOUR COMMENTS, WISH YOU ARE BACK TO THE CABINET, WE NEED SMART PEOPLE LIKE YOU,
Barry Sotero caused alot of division in our country! Separated our country like no other!!...yes, I blame that pos MOOSLIM! #WakeUpAmerica
... or in needlessly provoking a sleeping dog called North Korea.
Yeah we will also never forget #Charlottesville 
Without north korea, our country and citizens are vulnerable from within the nation itself
Obama s objective to Christian USA be converted to Islam..his closing God bless America means Allahu Akbar .
Nailed it Obama is Muslim all the way & never was that grow up in America kind of Guy with American Apple Pie! A Traitor True & True!
Yeah...just keep deflecting, the whole world knows you and donald's cabinet are incompetent. Nepotism, or loyalty got you hired
Actually, our country is more vulnerable because we have a President and admin. With no morals.
smh
YEAH! NUCL3AR WE IS MICH BETTER!!!
Oh lets, he certainly believes in it he just did not want USA to be able to fend off Threats.
What? Now you are engaging in rhetorical games which fit into what the military industrial complex wants.
Berating a predecessor only makes you look like a big LOSER. It's tacky, and good presidents don't do it.  Only losers trying to look better
Decades of diplomatic strategies haven't worked w/ No Korea. DECADES. Bush-Clinton-Bush-Obama. It doesn't come down to just the last 8 yrs.
ahh u trumps, 7-8 months in and all u can do is blame others. the truth will come out junior and you will get locked up. i know u r scared
Love your analyses Amb Bolton!  Wish you were part of the Trump administration!  Californians that support Pres Trump are Trumpifornians.
And also buy our stuff  LOL #permagrift
Why are you blatantly letting north korea know your defensless..
Neither did George Bush
And why does Russia have MORE Icbm's?Why "like" China?All of NK tech.comes from China.Only way they can advance this fast. Who has blinders?
Amen to that
Oh yeah, thats it.
Obama did everything he could to ruin America He is such a hateful lying POS who has created this mess He stood with BLM NO OUR POLICE SHAME
I love how when I school ignorant liberals they desperately try to insult me. Lol. Little girl, please look up an RN salary in NYC #moron
@BarackObama did not believe in America #VoterFraud
Obama sold us out to Iran. He gave them money to do that!
We love you Mr President Trump
Your country and citizens are vulnerable because the Trumpster has to compensate for his *cough* small hands
Why are you lying @AmbJohnBolton ?

No, it's because the repubs in DC acted like brats and refused to do their jobs because they didnt want a black man as president.
Why is Obama, Hillary and several others still walking around free. If l did a third of what they have, l would be gone by now.
I will not forget.
We"paid"the equivalent of Muslim ransoms in 1700's to Korea"if only they wouldn't make nuclear weapons".Same to Iran. Same to Hitler 1930's
let's never forget YOU lied us into a war costing thousand of lives and billions of $$$
Correct fast,Assert US Supremacy on Pacific-make China solve NKorea,put spine in Philippines,back ASEAN&put nuclear arms in Japan,SKorea.
