Thank you @POTUS !! Finally we have a President that cares about keeping jobs in USA!! Refreshing!! #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Blessings!!
@realDonaldTrump suits made in Mexico, ties made in China but you believe he "cares about keeping jobs in USA" Bless your heart
Thank you, same to you!
You can try manufacturing yourself and see how it's done. I do & already see changes Trump brings.
Changes such as @realDonaldTrump now making suits and ties in America? I missed that change Bless your heart
No.... like taking shackles of small businesses, like O/care, removing regulations, making US energy independent. Step back & see big pic.
Wait just noticed you believe @realDonaldTrump has removed Obama care Bless your heart He said he would do so on day 1, he lied
He has removed the burdens of penalties by EO for those who are not covered 15min after he was sworn in. That's thousands of $$ for some.
Ohhh But that is not quite the same as repealing Obama care on day one is it?
My family, my friends, and I love and support you. Stay strong.
FIRE PAUL RYAN.....THAT GLOBALIST HATES EVERYTHING YOU & US SUPPORTERS STAND FOR. HE HAS STABBED ALL OF US IN THE BACK OVER & OVER.
Did you just sell arms to the Middle East to fund growth in America? Oh boy. We never learn... we will all live to regret your decision.
Awesome way to go
Pence needs a new suit that hides his erection.
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
In the top 1/10 of 1% of our country...
Sooooo, when are you and the kids bringing back your businesses? And didn't you just sign something along those already? You're a Clown
How can kids get good jobs if all they are learning is how to take test. Please# EndFedEd#StopCommon Core.
That's great! I'm assuming this means you're going to force your daughter Ivanka to bring her jobs back from overseas to the United States.
Are they clapping because Trump told everyone he has to go potty and didn't sh*t himself or that he can spell his name.
Kushner
U can't pass jack shit. An ineffective potus
Presidente
Un sorriso
In un mondo pazzerello
Che pero
Riaggiustate
Your own shit is made in China.
Blah blah blah, just being the can man you are
You control both houses of Congress and criticized @BarackObama endlessly about signing Executive Orders.

Are you incapable of legislating?
Have you checked with your tribal chief to see if that is OK?
If someone refers to you as a witch, does that fit your xenophobic narrative?
It's the new "Warrenism"
You know this is not her real account right?
You r acting like a wild man. Truly insane. One outlandish thing after another. You're narcissistic, sociopath, schizophrenic. You need meds
You're absolutely out to lunch. Everyone is beginning to see Hitler again. He had tertiary syphilis. What's your excuse. Died in a bunker.
"Yes, let's keep the wealth where it belongs: the Trumps' deep pockets...& #MaraLago bc it really is such a beautiful property. The BEST!"
Hillary Clinton: 65,844,610 votes; Donald Trump: 62,979,636 votes; Difference: HRC by 2,864,974 legitimate votes
#Trump to @jdickerson on @BarackObama and "surveillance."
This shows weak man who can't even support his own words because they're lies. At least he told the truth that he doesn't stand by anything.
It shows a strong man with balls ain't going to take shit from fake media, treats the media with the same respect theat they treat him with.
Your language is my red flag not to reply but I will. He had the chance to say exactly what he wanted,nothing fake if he's shown in video
Wasn't live they can spin it as they like. Sorry to trigger your red flag. See it didn't hurt, you should do it more often.
Libs are bigots, condescending, arrogant. And if anything regarding language is out of place, they get lost. POTUS was very smart to not ...
...fall into the interviewer's trap. He knows they'd use anything and twist it to fit their political anti-Trump agenda.
Well it sure sounded to me that the reporter was trying to push him into a corner. He did good by ending the interview.
If you add HI to TRUMP you get TRIUMPH!
Are you saying that you weren't just playing golf? Like the liberals keep tweeting?
Prolly b/c pics might show him golfing with ppl who might show he's still at work, doing our business? He is a worker, DC, MSM can't keep up
Nice. What did you do to save lives from heroin?
Freakishly weird - set up a fake little desk and recreate the Oval Office! You sit & everyone stands behind by design? Ego check! Not right.
Stand with our president @realDonaldTrump #PrayForTrump #GodBlessAmerica
. THANK YOU @POTUS FOR LOVING AMERICA. YOU AND YOUR FAMILY ARE SOOOOO GREATLY APPRECIATED.
You mean the family which doesn't actually live with him?
The Trumps want to be royalty. That is not America.
They are compared to dimwits like you. Dimwits=Clueless & Useless!
Because calling people names makes you powerful. Not in this playground. Get a grip and spit out the finger chili.
Yes, your signature on a document should be sufficient.  As for wealth, your own appears to be your sole obsession.
Another useless EO.
is that an EO for every day in office?

Thank you so much!!
No thank you @POTUS @realDonaldTrump for setting such a fine example of what every nation never needs in a leader
…because you can't make a deal with the Republican-controlled Congress?
Remember when you guys whined & complained for 7 entire years about Obamacare, yet you couldn't even repeal it under your leadership?
…or remember when the Republican Congress approved a budget yesterday that includes none of your campaign promises? 
Fake news
I support POTUS!
Let's talk about your taxes.
To benefit one of your various businesses I'm sure!
So are EO's as close as you can legally get to being a dictator? Asking for a friend....
Except #Trump crap which will continue to be made anywhere but here.....
When you can't get anything else done just sign more executive orders
He learned from Obama.
republicans made a pact to block anything.  He has control of both houses!  He bitched about Obama
Dems aren't blocking anything Trump tries?  Lol
You blow through those Executive Orders like they are wives Bro.
Heterosexual white men like myself are worried. Donald is terrible for EVERYBODY.
That account is not the real Elizabeth Warren.
Thanks, friend!! I could already tell by the lack of the verified checkmark tho. It doesn't make my comment any less valid.
Generally speaking they don't have to worry for themselves, but those with hearts and brains worry about their loved ones/friends.
Though if he starts WW3, everyone should be worried. We don't want to die because of Trump.

"I don't stand by anything" - says the President of the US. We are all in trouble.
Probably the only truth he's spoken.
When's the EO attempting to curtail freedom of the press / free speech coming, Sir?
Dissent is unpatriotic after all, and incompatible with #MAGA.
#freedom 

(from pesky things like environmental protections and workers' rights!)
Oh and why we're the US workers sold out for foreign cheap labor and jobs going to Mexico
Objections to NAFTA are valid. But never forget a lot of the things you buy are cheaper because of it. You have to consider that too.
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 8 Months, 18 Days, 19 Hours, 29 Minutes, and 17 Seconds
Until the second term?
Won't happen If the remainder of his term continues to be like the first 101 days.
Does this mean anything? I haven't verified it all myself.
#fakenews #alternativefacts #executiveorderfailures
That's it? Ok, thanks 
You're a disgrace to our country.
ahahahahahaha you don't know anything about me. How would you know if I'm talentless?
You have a lot to learn!
Don't throw stones from glass houses!
I've learned enough about myself to know what I want and what's best for me. I act accordingly, and hope to continue to make good choices.
I hope you make good choices as well .. 
Have a blessed evening
Have a nice day.
Jeremiah 1:19
They will fight against you, But they shall not prevail against you. For I am with you,” says the Lord, [1/2]
Promises kept!
Where were you when obama golfed you hypocrites?
Trump's hypocrisy about Obama golfing so much when he's doing the same thing makes it worse.
Hypocrisy for hating on trump for golfing AND hating on bush for golfing, but not obama makes you a hypocrite. And you guys didn't even carw
He even said that he wouldn't be taking so many golfing trips because he'd be working.
And yet, he turned golf into work. Sounds like he kept his word to me. You're just making up crap now.
He turned his golf into profits

This is certainly true, he got 20% of our uranium for just 150MM to clintons.
That is very true, the snow flakes will deny will give you all sorts of links but facts are facts, we know the truth.

Mr. PRESIDENT I would like to say your doing an outstanding job but I have an issue that might be hurting 95% of Americans right now   it is tax time and  a lot of American and her soldiers and gets are hurting due to the dreamers and the people who don't do a dam thing
#ICYMI- On Saturday I signed two EO's to help keep jobs &amp; wealth in our country. EO1: http://45.wh.gov/kePKzK  EO2:… ...
Why not offer free education to the children of the Middle East? This could also fund the economy and help us all to understand each other.
The good news is that Trump is so incompetent he is unable to do any of the idiotic things he wants.
Vets not gets dam autocorrect I noticed that someone who dose not do a dam thing to contribute to the source are a part of the problem  and it is they get http://more.money  back in taxes than the hard American workers who work 12 to 16 hrs a day just to make by
Go ahead, am right behind u
Really?, I bet all my money, ($37) you have no idea what you signed....
Keep dreaming-cause you Da...Fool.
Whatza matter? Can't you do anything through legislation. Your party owns the govt.
You're bypassing an elected Congress, which is going to bite you in the butt one day. 

"Alea iacta est"

#ImpeachTrump – at Washington State Administrative Office of the Courts
Looks like good things are happening. Thank you sir. God bless you.
Great! Now veto the spending plan!
I love seeing all of the times you complained about EOs signed by @POTUS44 and here you are. #hypocrisy
Please can the Ryan plain and pen your own that's all you should be judged on not his failures he pulled you down without any personal cost
Surprise he can talk. Being his mouth IS Putins cock holster.
Trump seys president of n Korea a smart cookie, trump can't pass any legislation, that makes him a (DUMB COOKIE)
EO = "I want a PONY!! whiiiiine"
The irony!Proving how much a puppet u r 2 the rep party.Only way 2 get things done is EO when reps "control" both houses.
You can't govern by EOs. There are three branches of government. You are not a dictator and you will be challenged in the courts & Congress.
You will go down as the worst and dumbest Presidential ever. We will always as Americans despise the Trump name. You wil be long gone.
So happy with you Trump
These Executive Orders are ridiculous and unnecessary. I like the tiny desk though.  It suits you to a tee.
Only problem is it seems like folks in this country think wealth is a sin nowadays. Sad. Rather get a hand out than a paycheck.
This money needs to stay in America ....make us stronger again ....
Uh car sales are down....
Except you forgot to make sure the wealth is distributed to more than just the top 1%.  #ImpeachTrump
All you do is sign EO's. You have trivialized them to the point that no one pays attention. The very thing for which you shamed Pres. Obama
Wow you had a busy day what's next golf
Have you noticed how big your head is becoming? Maybe it's that little desk that you use for E.O.'s? Little hands and a fat head? Wow! Sad!
More re: you not keeping jobs in USA, even after elected, your promises. Words meaningless, rules don't apply to you
Please stop companys like Sprint from contracting out east.  They have poor consumer service.  Dont speak english well
Please watch this and do not give the @statedept funds to bring in more Refugees in Sept>defund Sanctuary Cities >https://www.facebook.com/DMLdaily/videos/1556710367701748/ …
More proof that Trump,#failingPOTUS, still hasn't been able to understand the realities of trade, let alone produce a sensible trade policy.
Doubt you have a clue what you signed since you can't read.
Please Sir don't pass the spending bill in favor of the left. Its not what the majority of us want.
Stand strong Don't cave. Let the Govt shut down restructure. It will be fine. We will be fine. God and you we are in good hands.
you have been brainwashed at some point. Seek help .
You keep your friends and family members jobs and the wealthy in the US
EO Idiot.
HI whitepig die for you mon
Wonderful news love  you mr president
Can you please put the word justice back into Hillary's life and investigate the fund and her emails liberals riot every day be real
The one percent say thank you.
what's the matter? Can't get any legislation passed? Even with your party in control of the House and Senate.  You are a YUGE failure.
sad
AND you don't know why we fought the Civil War.  #presidentdunce

Trump is already the worst "President" this country's ever seen—Hopefully we don't see another like him in my lifetime. #trumprussia #resist
You mean ”EOs.” Illiteracy seems to be a problem in the US.
Gigantic hypocrite!!! SAD!!
Just like the Carrier jobs you saved! Still heard they're laying off people! All this is theater for the cameras!
https://soundcloud.com/rakxsdaily/purple-forest-snippet …
You mean in your pockets.
Yes because how could you siphon the money otherwise (even though I'm sure your claim is a load of bullshit).
Well on your way to being a tyrant dictator with all those 'EOs'. Remember when you hated them? Would never sign one?
You mean in your pocket. You only care about you, and how much money you can make off the American people. #whatajoke
And ruin the global effort to help stop global catrastohies. Thanks.
I bet you one of your franchises that you never even shopped or stepped foot in that store until now. Tweet back, prove me wrong
ICYMI, @realDonaldTrump doesn't know how to use an apostrophe. This is our president, people.
that is a little desk for such a big douche
That's the only thing you know how to get done.-signing your name. Nothing else unless you count your fascination with murdering tyrants.
So I take it you are a weaker leader than Obama?
Remember when you said you wouldn't sign many EO's if you were President? Now you've signed more than any other President. Lazy & unprepared
Old people doing old people stuff
wow used signed EO... so much work

Except for your wealth.
That will continue to be hidden in foreign countries to avoid paying the taxes needed to keep America safe.
Do not sign the budget!  We the people elected you!  Get rid of Ryan!  I feel betrayed if you sign this budget!  DO NOT SIGN BUDGET
Ur an idiot
Ru ever going 2 actually LEGISLATE & pass some actual laws? All those complaints by u &conservative right about 44's EO's. #Hypocritical no?
BFD. I'm surprised you can write your own name.
... while you and Ivanka send all your manufacturing to China. #definehypocrisy
EOs are easy, legislation is hard. You do the easy & make it hard. #showusyourtaxes
@AlRobins2015 Awesome but where are we on the wall thingy?
"Way to Go, Mr. President!
America should get a list of every Republican that is standing in the way of our President's agenda.
.@realDonaldTrump 
Did you mean keep you and your daughter wealthy?
You know what they do to incestuous men in jail, right?
On Saturday I signed a cheque for a builder to pay him for his work same as DjTRumP except mine did something
Thank you my President
I am so tired of your EOs. Is this what we elected you to do?
Mr. President, it's a pity your admin. Seems incapable of working with congress to accomplish its goals.
OMG! Thanks for the laugh,
Can't pass laws.
Fake you
He thinks he created America! So full of himself! Great great (his fave word beside Fake) or geee golly folks am i not amazing!
THE EO IS GETTING VERY LONG THATS OK TRUMP NEXT PRESIDENT COMES IN WILL OVER TURN EVERY SINGLE ONE WE R NOT WORRIED THE DEMS WILL ANTI UP
And yet your clothing lines and @IvankaTrump 's are still made in China/Asia... or are you going to announce change? #HypocriticalPresident
what the hell happened with the BUDGET? Let the gov shut down rather than put all that BS in there. SHUT DOWN THE GOV!!!
Executive orders for weak presidents who can't get anything done; poor negotiators who can't get the job done. You're an embarrassment.
very good my President
What a tiny little desk
Still an idiot
Your doing a great job POTUS, thank you for caring and looking out for the average worker
Photo op
Doubt that it will keep jobs but I'm sure it's keeping you and your friends wealthy
Wealth in your, and your friends' pockets.

How come all your pictures are of white people and men? Very few women?
Such a hypocrite go watch what you said about Obama signing EO .
Henry Ford raised wages, lowered hrs&hired workers to build cars
Outproduced&outsold competitors
#10Commandments
#7ThouShallNotSteal
So proud
No laws. Just a bunch of words on paper.
Liar, liar...
Pants on fire
Didn´t you say ´2016 that a President who rules by Executive Orders is a Lame President bc he can´t work with Congress? Are you a Lame Pres?
for 5 sec u were saying yuge wye is it so yuge :'[
Are you closing your overseas sweat shops???
Mr.President,your hairstyle makes me laughing  when I saw ur picture, you can be the comedian,and I will be a big fan of u
