Nothing says America like young men with black lung.
Quit using good people to make yourself look good. It's not fair, and its not working. 
#25thAmendmentNow 
#RexIsRight
Real pride is standing up to authority that wishes to deprive us of our rights. Nothing is more American than protest.
Ty coal miner and ty Potus
Amen my President,,, Amen!! God Bless You Sir!!
Damn RIGHT!!!

Dude, you bone-spurred your way out of being drafted to SERVE your country. Spare us the sanctimonious bullshit.
How would you know, Donny Putinov? All you care about is yourself!

Pride in America is about destroying the environment? I believe it!
Real pride would be if we removed your orange ass tomorrow
You have no pride for this Country. Your lack of patriotism and respect for America is unconcionable!!!
You laugh and fool around when the national anthem is played
Twick or tweet.
Fake president
All I feel with US president is discussed and shame! No national anthem will fix that
You’re the worst.
Next time I see you tweeting while driving, I call the police.
You are Putin's puppet.
"Inside the ‘adult day-care center’: How aides try to control and coerce Trump"

Trump, You know nothing about showing pride to this country or to the people! You suck!
Didn't help Puerto Rico. Stopped Children Health Insurance Program. Overturned that financial advisers act in the interests of their clients
Delayed automotive fuel efficiency standards.
Allowed dumping waste from mining into streams.
Phasing out DACA.
I admit I feel closer to WV miners whose granddads fought Hitler than to the French, say, who surrendered and turned Jews in to the Nazis.
#STAND for our National Anthem! #MAGA #NFLBoycott
yes it is ! I bet none of them are draft dodgers ......if only you would have had the pride they do. POS ! #FAKEPRESIDENT
You know nothing about pride.
This is what REAL PRIDE in our COUNTRY is all about! #USA
This is what real heart ache looks like. When the POTUS disrespects the family of fallen soldiers. #DonaldTrump is unfit for office!
This is what people do when they can’t get JUSTICE in our country!

#TakeAKnee
Considering that they are going down into a coal mine where they will get black lung, I don't think that's something to be proud of. 
Draft dodgers have no standing.
Impeach now.
This is what REAL PROPAGANDA in our COUNTRY looks like. #lockhimup
Have the evenings Twitter rampage begun? Yippie!! I always like a good laugh before bed.
USA pride is abt singing the anthem when it's unnecessary? It's not about protecting and exercising our rights, like that of dissent? #weird
Is US pride about performing #nationalistic traditions no matter what the actual state of the govt is? #flag #dissent #trump #USA
I'm embarrassed by you... truly embarrassed.
Such contrived #FakeNews. Not necessary 2 wear patriotism on sleeve. Just live & act with dignity, exuding American ideals. No #TrumpRussia.
Said the idiot with zero pride or compassion
All you care about is your own money.
GREAT people..
What do you know about real pride? You can’t buy pride
Are they singing between gulps of air because their lungs are shot from breathing in filthy coal. I think you should spend a day in the mines. Wonder is you’d get stuck in an opening?
#MAGA
#GodBlessAmerica 

Beautifully sung Love it
Lol thanks apatow winning the ,it was not me award classic
Showing real patriotism is giving these coal miners health care rather than leaving them with black lung disease and nobody to turn to.
Trumpcare is Deathcare and it is the working class coal miners who will suffer the most. Unconscionable.
Real pride in our country is giving every American man, woman, and child affordable health care. We need to renew CHIP immediately.
How about lowering the cost of your services DR. That would help people afford their healthcare...hmmm
Stand for the Flag!! #MAGA
Thank you for putting America First. Let's Build the Wall!!
Now that the prototypes are built let's go Build the Wall!!
Wall Prototypes look amazing! #MAGA
America First!

pay your bills, trump
We have to pay them for the border wall.
Trump is not in a position to judge patriotism.
If Trump were patriotic, he wouldn't suppress others' freedom of speech.
We deserve a president who values all Americans.
And we deserve a president who protects our constitutional rights instead of attempting to suppress them.
If Trump wants to be patriotic, he can condemn Russian interference in our election.
Pride isn't killing our children by bringing back the dying polluting coal industry for a short time. Coal is done.
WRONG.
No it's not.  This is what it is.
What the fuck does the national anthem have to do with mining coal...I never head the national anthem a single time in a combat zone...how does singing the national anthem make you patriotic?

"They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists..."
So those standing (figuratively)....i mean kneeling to bring awareness to racial injustice don't have REAL PRIDE for America? If you protected everyone equally this would not be a problem!

Yes!!!  
Why's he singing? He should be crying because coal mining is going out of business
Hardworking people ~ the heart of America 
Yeah, coal is the solution. Those guys shouldn't be miners, they should work on wind, solar power to make our planet great again
Its sad how people latch onto the anthem asnif itll save them from the coming shitstorm when the anthem/pledgs are furthest from what this
State used to stand for
You dishonor the memories of these brave men.

Sgt. La David T. Johnson
SSgt. Bryan Black
SSgt. Jeremiah Johnson
SSgt. Dustin Wright
How many of them are being beat up & killed by cops for no reason whatsoever.
That racist song isn't for Black people!
How is the national anthem racist?! 
The left has some convoluted nonsense to explain as they do for all their crazy views. It's not worth bothering about.
Too much talk, too little action, Trump.
Are you crazy?? Keep up already. OMG.
Sorry @POTUS, you don't get to define what Patriotism means.  You are probably the last person I would let define Patriotism.
And when the coal miners die of black lung disease, will you call their widows to tell them “they knew what they signed up for”?
Horrible comment. Go find something to do.
Sure. I have no problem with pride like this. But this isn't the only way to show real pride in the USA. Let me give you some examples. 1/
Real pride in the USA comes from helping people who have been beaten down by hurricanes, regardless of the color of their skin. 7/
Right - by sending tons of federal aid!
Yes. And if you aren't OK with that, I question your pride in the USA just as much as I question his.
To bad that represents nothing that you do #FakePresident

The ONLY thing broke about the US in the biggest way is #FakePresident @realdonaldtrump he prolly does sew while tweeting garbage on toilet

He is not my #FakePresident LOL he is yours  funniest garbage IVE heard all day You ARE A TESTAMENT TO HOW MUCH OF A loser HE IS #GOODJOB
you all day 
I always get a kick out of how #FakePresident @Realdonaldtrump supporters use 6yr old girls in sandbox type tactics to try be funny #SadFag
move to a another country if you think he's so bad. Maybe you should run against him since you are so smart
If You Embrace the FoxNews Narrative that Clinton Colluded With Russia  & Ignore Trump's Obvious Attempts to collude, YOU are the Problem!
It's a stretch & months of investigation to attempt to show Trump/Russia. Hillary did a rest, watched Crimea, and gave Uranium.  Know 2 all.

Right.. so why are Dems also whining that they feel U.S./Russian Relations are strained because the Trump WH is being adversarial to Russia.
Don't bother talking to Justin. ..he's a screwball.
I'm not so much talking to Justin.  I'm injecting reasoning & thought to everyone that sees his foolishness and rantings.

Pride serves the wrong master, God says only a penitent man may enter his house. You serve Satin's house with your pride. #NotaChristian 
There is a lot less to be proud of since you became President!
This is still how you respect it. You wear it like a Snuggie.
No that is disrespectful! There is protocol on how flags are suppose to displayed and treated. This isn't it ! 
Exactly.
I wish you could do something about my brother's ability to get the MOH. Please read his story:  SFC Alwyn Cashe
Great quote I heard, " You will never understand true sacrifice until you stop thinking about your self and start helping others".STAND UP
But taking a knee is wrong ? I guess you support little Black kids being killed by racist White Cops.
IM soryy be late
All WHITE MEN
Don't worry all court acts Obama did and they did not impeach him, it would be a civil war if they did that to you. Go Trump
I took an oath to our country. It's  the "Pledge of Allegiance". We need to reinstate this practice in our schools.
Real pride and MAGA begins when Donnie resigns, gets impeached, or goes to SuperMax
Ok
As long as U can exploit them while they act as U demand. #AuthoritarianPutinPuppetDictatorRegime #TrumpRussia
Sad DT is so dumb he has no idea how men & women who served our country are going through
F yes!!!!
Your goddam right! Men with guts. Working the earth everyday for their families. I'd like to pussy boys of the NFL to try it for a week.
Heartwarming!Hardworking people!They don’t make millions like spoiled nfl players. Respecting our anthem.God Bless the Coal Miners&the USA
Yeah, send the miners back down in the earth to get black lung disease, instead or training them for solar energy. China is ahead of us!!
Dear Mr. Trump, you must not break the cartel alliance, or your fate will only be like Kennedy。
Love this. People so lucky to be Americans whine because priveleged life in a country with more freedom than any other is still not enough.
you're a ridiculous old man !
Give it up!  You should be defending the 1st Amendment instead of diverting the topic from the Russia investigation. @CNN @MSNBC @GOP
Real pride in the country is supporting the right of people to engage in peaceful protest.  Anything else is disrespect to those who served.

You tried, but he didn't sing last two stanzas. If so proud of the song why aren't they sang to?. Own it all, sing it all, or take a knee.
Great
That nasty evil wilson from fla.said that John Kelly just didnt want to lose his job what an ingrate..evil awful person
Freedom to sing, stand or kneel. Thank God and our military for our constitutional freedom.

Unlike tearing down a gold star family- fraud
GIVE IT UP WITH DIRTY HARMFUL COAL
More appropriate: "...which side are you on, which side are you on?"  or Joe Hill.
Thank you Mr. President! It was beautiful! We stood and saluted here! You are what a Great President looks like!
What do you know? You dodged the draft 5 fucking times.
Coal is making a comeback!  Just like black and white televisions and the horse and buggy.  Good luck with that comrade!
My Grandpa was a coalminer who died of black lung....Solar Power please. Stop coal.
Read the Constitution ...separation of Church and State...it is for good reason...church if very face of intolerance/judgement, NO THEOCRACY
Yes as Trump @realDonaldTrump steals their health care!
Yes thats exactly WHY our forefathers fought and died to gain independance from england...so that coal miners could sing and die for energy
Heard mines are still being shut down, Fake Newsboy. Where’s all the coal jobs? Hahaha. You reeled them in, didn’t you?
#draftdodger Donnie...
America knows you hate the Constitution. You hate America because all your manufacturing is not in America. You have no real pride
These are real men who respect their country.

I'll have real pride when you're out of office. <3
You really have a thing for a dying industry don’t you.

Like you care...
Pay attention to the last line of our anthem. Then take it to heart. 
Stop trying to take our freedom away just because you don't like it.
True Americans work hard and respect our flag compare to athletics making millions and take a knee shame on them

I did not vote for Trump or Clinton. I still stand, face the American, and render the appropriate salute, when the Star Spangled Banner play
and where is your real pride?  Golfing while America soldiers are dying.  A draft dodger is not qualified to talk about patriotism. #WEAK
Wow, CNN and MSNBC got it wrong AGAIN!?
Puahahaha Coal! Oh wait... you're serious.
Proganda on your part
@NFL take note how people who watch football treat the national anthem.
BOYCOTT FOOTBALL FOREVER!
I bet if they were black you wouldn't have retweeted 
It is all about love n respect. I can help. Retired civilservice sheet metal mechanic your doing a great job and I’m proud of you n family
real pride would be accepting that anybody who does not stand\sing is exercising free speech something the founders actually wrote about.
free speech to not stand for the thing that gives them free speech? That's ridiculous.
Maybe because White people don't get shot dead by the cops that often. You know about racism. Your dad didn't rent to people of color
President Trump. You are doing a real good job forget about all them dip shit lowlife Hillary Clinton lovers.
Why haven't you paid up on the donation promises you made to veterans.
Because he never pays his bills, it was other people's money he collected and he has to pay himself first!
Yeah a group of white men singing a song based on the racist history of the United States. That's "Pride" for you. 
Pride n r country is making r country better, not tearing it apart,Mr divider.U cry about kneeling, yet say white supremacists r good people
What do you know about pride Puppet? You possess nothing to be proud of. U have no accomplishments in the WH. NADA NOTHING #RESIGN #TRAITOR
Are u nuts?
Mr. President Sir; I desperately needed to share this tweet with you in case you missed it! Please Sir... You won't believe this. TY Sir ~V.
Sic. Risk your lives for the Koch brothers. #liarinchief #taketheknee #bonespurpatriot #trumpisachump #handstoosmalltobuildasolarseethruwall
Precisely what hard work that supports everybody else's comfort and real patriotism looks like. These are the kind of people that deserve the great pay not the NFL or Hollywood or any of those seeking to divide or destroy U.S.
Would the Mercers or your circle do this when beginning work? Or did you notice grace is a surprise, not an entitlement?
Sure don't need a draft dodging buffoon to preach about pride for our country!  True pride and patriotism is something you'll never have!
This is what REAL Americans look like!!
Yeah,  yeah. We got all your false pride riiigh'chere.
And Trump had nothing to do with setting this video and tweet up right? By the way, I have a good deal on a bridge for you. Buy it cheap!
Very poignant
I see them in church every Sunday with their families.  Now what did the Gov of Pa say about yur BS?
Yep.  Cuz nothing says #Merica like going under ground & getting black lung. #Derp #TheResistance #TrumpRussia #MuellerIsComing #TakeAKnee
Typical Trump supporter
8 years since we had a President that loves the USA, what a breath of fresh air! TY Mr President.
AMEN MY BROTHERS!!!

WE The People Got Your BACK.
https://twitter.com/dykhead/status/920793348411031552 …
Fo it!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dodge drafter @realDonaldTrump
We DEMAND you kneel before David Johnsons family and beg for forgiveness for disrespecting them and the flag
@realDonaldTrump your delusional
Agenda is fine but not on my dime.  Respect of the law is the beginning of wisdom.  NFL team players have ruined the game by bringing agenda
You are the worst President in history. You divided our Country with your lies and outright hatred. You need medication. Please resign.
You mean real pride doesn't include disrespecting gold star families, POWs and opting out of military service?
The whole world will celebrate when they put you underground.
they might sing your anthem but they are polluting and poisoning the world with fossilised fuels
Pride for your country is not trying to turn it to shit for your own personal profit.
Pride is this country has been reserved ONLY FOR WHITE PEOPLE! You are neglecting ALL the other AMERICAN people because they r not white!!!
What exactly do you have to be proud about? If you cared about your country, the world would know it by now. They don't.
Mr. President don't forget about us truckers! #ELDorME #Review14rule
Sure let’s sing before ending up at retirement with CWP after helping polute the planet yeah !  #MAGAMorons  
Fake made-up rules for what some think "patriotism" really is
YOU do not decide what true patriotism & pride is mr draft dodger
#MAGA
Leave...
Perhaps you could head underground.
Beautiful!
