Every day another Media Organization to bash.  What About the Wall Street Journal?  They had the huge story This week..
This TRUMP / RUSSIA BOMBSHELL getting you a bit nervous????
You can run but can't hide from Robert Mueller!!
Yeah... winter is coming.

Hate to break it to you Don, but Greta bashed you plenty.
This is what surprised me! Listened to her on my daily drive home from work. Plenty of Trump bashing to go around. She was very critical 
They're upholding their responsibility to constituents to protect sensitive voter inform like social security numbers and voting history
Here's Mississippi....MISSISSIPPI! "They can go jump in the Gulf of Mexico and Mississippi is a great state to launch from"
The commission itself is a fraud aimed at generating a pretext to repeal the National Voter Registration Act

Kris Kobach’s own state just defied his bogus "election integrity" commission http://bit.ly/2usAPd2  
Okeefe was tried & found guilty for creating fake news & videos.
Oh now they're fake videos? 
You mean she got tired of reporting on Trump's hateful rhetoric? I could see that.
I doubt any female reporter loves and reveres Trump after his Twitter attack the other day.
I'm not a reporter and I think he had every right! She has done far worse.
Because Jesus said, "Retaliate! Attack women's appearance and intellect in order to inherit the kingdom of God."
I see not one tweet about negative tweets to women unless its Trump. Hypocrisy
Direct me to a tweet by another world leader who has attacked women in that way.
direct me to a tweet of yours that is as offended of a Rep. woman?
Deuteronomy 28:10
Then all #peoples of the #earth shall see that you are #called by the name of [1/2]
Proverbs 18:10
The name of the #Lord is a strong #tower; The righteous run to it and are safe.
#FAKECHRISTIAN
Revoke CNN's press pass
They've lied about you and pushed Fake News for ratings
CNN omitted audio from a man correctly explaining how voter fraud works.
Let's Build the Wall!
That wall ain't happening and you must know it by now...
O it will little snowflake!

Fine..I'm a snowflake. But winter is coming.  
'Word is'? Is that an anonymous source you're using there? The utter, utter hypocrisy is shameful. But you have no shame.
Why do you feel the need to constantly criticise others when your administration is the most inept in US history? Let that one sink in.
Hire a few ambass nah
Develop NK strategy nah
Dev infra strat nah
Comm 30 day Isis strat nah
Fix Russ hacking nah

Tee it up.  HELL YEAH
A bunch of cry babies.
Hi Dan. Creating bots today?
This is what we need the president to tweet.
We don't need updates on healthcare or tax budgets. Let us know your thoughts on a woman who was already leaving for state run FOX.
And why would anyone dislike you? You're extremely loving. 

I am sure Crying, Lying, Crooked, Face Bleeding, Sleepy Eyes & Pocahontas  ya
Tony don't stoop to his level. You are much better than him!  
I need Tony's snark & sarcasm to help me deal w/ the insufferableness of Trump. Let him play.
I love his sarcasm...just don't want to see him getting rank like the liar in chief.
But this is now "presidential" behavior ;)
How dare the media hold the government accountable!
By asking questions and reporting
Oh gosh, a reporter who reports?!
Hey take it easy, this may be a new concept for him.
Your early morning shit posts legitimately start my day with a smile.
I love reading the replies LOL
I have notifications turned on so they are literally my alarm clock!
SAME LOL
Sad though, right?  Not about Greta whatever leaving but this is 45's way of starting the day! 
You are one of the most petty people I have ever seen.
Trump is a parasite on the world.

I thought you hated unnamed sources.
He does but in adult world you can go ahead and use something you hate. 
Sounds a lot like hypocrisy.
Word is you're the President of the United States and this pettiness is beneath the office you hold.
I'm looking forward to 2018. Let's see how your winning goes then.
2018 will be a bloodbath for the GOP - Dems have lost it.
He's a maga, don't ask him to know how to structure sentences
Your bangs are from the 80's and you should really lay off the blush. How's that?
Your critiques have shattered me completely, how will I ever pick up the pieces
Word is you're an asshole.
Word is he President
Read that out loud and tell me you don't sound like a caveman.
I love it when even a caveman can piss you guys off!!
Umm... I don't see anyone angry or bothered on this thread except for all you trumpanzeez  everyone else is laughing 
Are you still laughing
I am actually 
That scares normal people!!! You shouldn't be following politics like I didn't for the last eight years!! #BeHappy 
trump who cares! Why are you tweeting this garbage?? I voted for you, now I'm embarrassed for you!
You voted a six year old into the Oval Office. His body is 70, his mind is a very selfish 6 year old. Please never do it again.
i will vote trump again! I agree with most of his agenda! Not All of it!
*checks watch*

Bro it's 9am on a Saturday. Shouldn't you be golfing?
Tweeting from the t box
I see that our so-called president is on yet another unhinged, paranoid ranting binge this morning.
Don't forget that it's Saturday morning, the most reliable time for Trump tweet vomit. If only it were limited to then.
How many TV channels of people kissing your ass do we actually need?
He needs them all. His ego can't handle dissent.
Just fox,,that's all! 
Yeah, and look what being Trump's Pravda has done for Fox

https://www.google.com/amp/amp.timeinc.net/fortune/2017/05/23/fox-news-ratings-down/%3Fsource%3Ddam …
Hahahahahaha thanks for the info!.
Who's word? Yours? 

Yeah, that doesn't count for much Donny Boy
Don't forget Sweden
Either that or because it was the lowest rated show on the network as people looking for actual news don't trust former Fox employees.
Trump is obsessed with ratings. Did he not check Greta's ratings before tweeting? Yes, she had lowest rated show on MSNBC. So she was let go
Why retweet him, David? Why give him the satisfaction?
Because sunlight is still the best disinfectant.
He's got 33 million followers. The news already reports on every one of his tweets. Your RT just boosts his numbers and his ego.
I've never met a problem that died of me pretending it wasn't there.
The only reason he uses Twitter is because of the immediate feedback of those numbers. You can drag him without playing into his game.
How? How to drag him besides twitter?
But tweeting critically at or about him, not just promoting his own idiotic words.
So unnamed, anonymous sources are good to use for stories again?

This is the smartest thing she has said in a long time
Word is our president is a sociopathic imbecile...
Word is Meuller is closing in.
Let us not deal in rumors. Those that do not come true undermine our cause.
How is the news reports of Mueller calling in more people close to Trump a rumor???
#Truth #ClintonFoundation
"Word is" that you Paul Manafort has also registered as a foreign agent retroactively meaning you had TWO FOREIGN AGENTS working for you.
So far
SOMETIMES Don, everything isn't about you.
17 people were shot in an Arkansas nightclub, millions are about to have their healthcare pilfered, but this is obv more important.
"Word is..." sounds like one of those anonymous sources that you complain about all the damn time. Hypocrite.
"Word is" the favorite term of gossip mongers, from the man who criticizes media when they use  anonymous sources. Took hypocritical oath
And add a "believe me" and it's Trump's perfect propaganda sandwich
Grandpa slept in today!
The line of attack in these tweets is shockingly transparent.
Another theory has to do with how unwatchable the show was and its terrible ratings.
I thought you knew how ratings work dude
Nothing says 'presidential' like daily personal attacks on your opponents. More banana republic than leader of the free world...
You're one of those sleazy reporters making a living on your fake news.  Yuck.
Oh... didn't realise you read my work! Thanks!!
You're pathetic to my children's future.
Hey, I'm not the one cheerleading for a sexist, racist bigot who encourages division and hatred.
You know, I'm from the 70's, I know generations of good men.  Grandfathers, father, brothers.  Trump is on that list!  You're just a loser.
'Good men' don't talk about how cool it is to be able to sexually assault women
I thought you hate anonymous sources.
Too bad you don't spend your time and energy on governing.  You are unhinged.  You are embarrassing yourself, your family and your country.
"Trump hate" is your euphemism for "rational reaction to having analphabetic Russia stooge in WH"
#NoBanDvLottery2017
I just read on fake news it was due to contract conflicts....someone is reporting fake news....hmmmmm
Pre-package stories are sent to the media to brainwash the public. Never believe the media.
I don't believe or trust in anything else, but God.
Absolutely, you're correct.
Greta remembers who you are way before the Presidency ,who you helped and how you help him get back on his feet. She rocks
I've always respected Greta and was shocked she joined MSNBC. I'm happy to hear she didn't cave to the political propaganda
Let's get Greta & O'Reilly on OANN!!

Just additional proof that if you are not a far-left liberal willing to spout DNC talking points they have no need for you.

Prove it or retract it!
On a roll right now.
God Bless Greta for Not being #FakeNews  She should go to OAN or online @infowars Greta firing EXPOSING the MSM Mockingbird Media Propaganda
never was a fan of Greta but if this is true she earned my respect
Wow! These #Elite Corporate tyrants need to stop this ridiculous quest to get America to hate our President- NEVER GONNA HAPPEN! #MAGA 
They will never stop 
A soft coup needs the media and they have them
At this point it's who gets who 
Mueller will drum up charges
I know- praying Mueller & his Lynch mob are shut down bc anything they find is BS! #traitors
How low can NBC go. Greta is a good person and humatirian. Too good for NBC and their one sided views.
Where's your source?
That sounds about like what I thought had happened. Good 4 Greta! We still have some real Americans-who love their country & are not 4 sale.
I love Greta! That's a shame! Only show I watched was hers
Patman, bloodbath IS a bad thing.we pray the left "wakes up".but, if not, we will Fight 4 America!
@DiazCartoons theyWill #NeverWakeUp they don't want2 their #Agenda is2 #TransformUs
this #July4th WeNeed2 #Remember #BloodAndLifeLose #Generation 4Us
I blocked this Buffoon long ago but i think about him everyday, the way he's defiled Am and its humanity, can't wait for your true judgement
Hire @greta to work for you @realDonaldTrump she rocks and can help #MAGA
Fox should bring her back, that's where she belongs and her ratings will skyrocket!!!!
What's your position on Medicaid? Or the environment?
Good for Greta she is a fine lady to good for msnbc
So much for your excellent temperament! You are the most ridiculous fake president in our country's  history #FuckFaceVonClownstick !!
When do We The American People get OUR News Network?!  It's time!
Of course this is stunning because liberals are about love, compassion, tolerance. So, I'm always shocked to hear this.
"Thump hate"soundso Orwellian part of Newspeak
Greta is only one I liked.
@heather_masten @greta @nbc @comcast 
Indeed, She Will Be Blessed With Better!
SHE Ain't Fake A Good Intelligent Lady!
I cannot f#*cking BELIEVE you're the leader of the free world.
The free world led will throw him out in time
Amen to that.
Word is that Babyhands J. Trump was let go by his country because he refused to act like an adult. #NotMyPresident #ImpeachTrump
Trump is a Great American President who is a voice for me. I am one American taxpayer living in Phoenix Arizona. Thank You President Trump.
I'm afraid her and Megyn r not going to be treated fairly by the left. I quit watching MK after debate. Never watched Greta
I hope Greta goes to @OANN
She deserves a decent job, she has always been a honest journalist/ commentator
I pray for God to bring good out of this injustice and lead her to where she will find favor and happiness.
So sad. At least she kept her honor and integrity.
she sucks!! anyone who had worked at @FoxNews and try to make at another network.. they get fire cause they SUCK
She never should have been there in the first place..its beneath her!!
hmmm sounds like the top brass at CNN and NBC are conspiring...hmm
Once again, you've nailed it!! Your brilliance is so intimidating... any chance this sundowning episode will be over by the 4th??
Word is that @realDonaldTrump is about to be 'let go' by the American people because he is a traitor and a psychopath.

More tweeting about the media? Do your job.
Who cares , you been hating on Obama for 8 years , and he did good for America,

Good for @Greta!
Word is that Greta was let go because of low ratings. What would you know about that? #NotMyPresident
@LindaSuhler @greta @nbc @comcast Act Presidential. Stop gossiping. Show some dignity.
#LiberalLogic
Dani, ur party is really in NO position to try quoting Scripture.go read: "GODLESS" by ann coulture.get an education, THEN come back.
Hmm, what is your source for this #fakenews you complain about sources not named and you don't name yours either. @realDonaldTrump is #UnFit
If true @Greta it is more important to keep your integrity then to make rating thank you
Congrats. You have one person on your side.
I don't watch NBC & Comcast is kicked out of my house.
Not everything is about you. Apparently you didn't watch her show, because she was not particularly a fan of yours; you egotistical bastard!
Comcast is a lousy company run by lousy ppl. I know from NH also ruin of NECN Roberts Bros yes I worked there was customer too. #Lousy
Good grief. Thank God for a principled journo!

What ever you say #FuckFaceVonClownstick !! 
U mean she has an independent, fair minded, fact based & principled journalist integrity. Impossible to mesh that w/MSNBC gnashing of teeth!
You are delusional.
Dude give it up
She was let go because of poor ratings. You talk about "Fake News" Meanwhile you are constantly spreading misinformation on your Twitter.
Because @Greta is a fair and honest conveyor of Truth via the #Facts
Trump fake-news for the day. Resign!
We already knew that. She didn't fit their narrative of hate and it wasn't good for their ratings.
@organic2016 @greta @nbc @comcast Looking forward to A TRUMP Network after #MAGA.  Truth would be a welcomed change.
The Roberts family that owns CBS and Comcast are nasty Icahn/Soros type billionaires. Dangerous sub-human creatures that are too powerful.
#FuckFaceVonClownStick Word is you are playing golf again instead of attempting to lead our already great country. Resign! Shitgibbon!
@AprilDRyan @greta @nbc @comcast no, it was because her Fox News viewers didn't follow her. That, and her show sucked...
I respect Greta and I like her I hope she shows up at OAN
Thank you Greta!
You're a very horrible person! I'll pray for you. You're awful. God bless and guide you sick man
Oh, I would think that is true, given the vicious nature of the left! Someone has to be a total piece of shit to be usefull to the left!
i like Greta shes fair!
It's amazing that Jim @Acosta would expend so much fake energy defending @CNN and it's so much easier just reporting regular news.
It took Greta a little time to figure out..
so she refused to present things accurately? Those monsters....expecting integrity
You're a funny old guy, Dummy Donald. Do you think Twitter is your own network & you're free to launch counter salvos when you're in a snit?
Stop the rumor mill now. U just sound like a gossip monger. #fakenewstrump
Don’t worry. Greta hates you too.
The only thing left for Greta is PBS where she can continue to pretend to be impartial and bash Trump in private. PBS has made it a science.
My question is, why would Greta_ go to work for such a shady outfit? NBC sucks.
That is the story
Greta way to go girl keep up reporting the truth not the lies by msm
Word from whom ? Fox ? Breitbart ? Infowars ? National Enquirer ? The Russians ?
#TrumpOnlyTweetsFakeNews
#25thAmendmentNow 
#conman
#PUPPET
Why the hell do you even care? Don't you have more important issues to deal with? Like, gee, I don't know, HEALTHCARE!?
Not surprised. @Greta is a class act who always put the truth ahead of the "story". @NBC prefers gutter fishing with dumb as a rock Mika.
Honestly! The president of the United States of America has time for this kind of shit. Get a life and get real. Mr. millionaire Ha!
The POTUS loves gossip!!  When does have time to be presidential?   Oh snap, he doesn't!
Great @TIME 2PumpUp or #TrumpUpThat SocialMedia#Book She Was Working On! @greta
if true hope she gets hired with a true news company.
NBC & Comcast r not used 2 having authentic journalists like Greta. How can they promote FAKE NEWS if they hire credible journalists?
No, Greta was let go because smart viewers saw through her right wing tripe.
Are we great again yet?
Good for u @greta !
Wow no free speech allowed unless they like what you say!
Maybe you could get a job in media since you're more obsessed with the tv box than your job as POTUS. We won't be mad if you resign. Promise
What? The entire world loves Trump hate. She got fired for poor judgement. FACT#youaintnobodyifyoudon'ttrumphate
Face it donnie, hating you is the new national passtime. We don't CARE if the news is fake (which it isn't) bc you are a horses ass.
Mr President you should make Greta van Susteren an ambassador for someplace. She's loyal and would do a great job
I don't doubt that at all. I miss her show on @FoxNews. #FNC has changed in the wrong way this year. After 11 am, it's #RewindTelevision.
You are doing a great job at making people distrust the media. You're so sick it's a shame! I can't wait for this presidency to be over
You must not have been watching. She never once supported you and your antics.
Still at it? Your Ego just can't take even the slightest, slight. You sir are psychologically impaired #ImpeachTrump #TheResistance
"Word is" from what sources? I hope they're not #anonymous because you know what that means. Your strategy; make people question everything.
Find a communications slot for her within your administration. She could only help.
Ooohhh... really?!  No one cares.  How about you just quit being President and go watch tv or take a nap somewhere? Let the adults work.
That is not your business...seriously. What bearing does it affect the presidency? #nitpickonthesmallstuff
Greta was too fine a person for that loser network. They have no shame.
And that's precisely why Megan Kelly was drafted... how's that going? 
#FakeNews #FakePresident
trump you are the man, love what you are trying to do, why blend in when you can stand out, God Bless you and your beautiful family
I always liked @Greta !
Word is she was let go from Fox because of sexual harassment issues by her bosses and she refused to go along with the trump kiss assfest
So sad...
What's your source @realDonaldTrump (i.e.: MrBuffoon)?Cite your source or it is #FakeNews as you squawk. You are an embarrassment to USA!!!
Yes because every thing is about you  your a joke that's just run way to long
Greta Is A Class Act And Way Too Good For Them. They Are The Losers!
Greta Will Land On Her Feet!
Their loss; her gain
I always loved watching @greta on @FoxNews I didn't even know she was on @MSNBC b/c I don't watch that propaganda network #MAGA
That makes me sad.  I like her journalistic style. Onward and upward @greta
Can we talk about issues that affect our country?  Isis, opioids, terrorism, job market, healthcare.....you know, stuff not about you!
Probably. She was the only one worth watching on that network.
We will be ending our cable service with @comcast not bcuz of Greta but bcuz they dip into partisan politics. Tired of it.
She was as boring as shit. Just like you.
She's s shill. Nobody watched her show. Her ratings were in the dumpster. U like good ratings right?
Her ratings were as bad as the failing pig president @realDonaldTrump #lowRatings #loser
What's the percentage of reporters and media outlets who are "Democrats"? Who owns these news agencies? MSM is unabashedly left biased.
MSM-Owned and operated by, reporters properly vetted by Cultural Marxist.

F$ck @MSNBC and @maddow
