TRUMP 2020...landslide coming. 
In your dreams, you are on your way out now.
He is still here! TRUMP 2020
Have you been sleeping with Fox News on. Get back to reality, that’s never going to happen.
Hide and watch because yeah its happening
I’m not hiding you are. I’m watching everyday the downfall of a criminal family.
No you are facilitating the down fall of our country. Democrats have done NOTHING to help Americans.
The downfall  of our country is because if your president. Please, please get your information right, we are trying to get our America back.
If he is not your President you have no right to say anything or ask him to enact certain policy- he's not YOUR PRESIDENT
Not after today
http://Gab.ai  freedom rings.
1 = ∞ is the Unified Field Equation Einstein sought the last 17 years of his life. I brought closure to his quest, bringing me as a scientist & atheist to GOD & God to me because I KNOW God & his will is within my mind & soul, like a God gene, & 1 = ∞ is the God Equation!
I'm 83 now & my unified field equation, 1 = ∞, reveals God & his infinite will, the only Uncaused Cause in ∞, Source of Seven Absolutes of Infinity which R ancestral 2 everything & everyone in the Infinite Universe, which IS the Infinite ONE, I AM, in whom all things exist…∞
Mr. President you're doing a fabulous job sir
#maga2020
you are a hero in our family Mr President!! we are SO SO SO grateful to you for working so tirelessly and fearlessly for the Country we love so much  THANK YOU
My new #Trump2020 tshirts came in the mail today! They are great, can’t wait to wear them when I go shopping!
Keep the faith Sir. We will support you through thick and thin.
We will always stand firmly with you Mr President, regardless of ongoing opposition. We truly admire and respect what you're doing on behalf of the American people. God bless you Sir.
That's very well said, I concur
Mr. President. We are still with you, we know you had to sign that bill
Thank for yours! (Sarcasm)
This equation, 1 = ∞, is the mother of all equations, including Einsteins 
E = mcc, that brought us the Atomic Age and The Big Bombs. You would do well by me, yourself, Melania, all your children and the whole world, if you accept the love and truth I offer you for world peace
Has my vote
until YOU GIVE UP...which will be #NEVER!!!
I TOTALLY BELIEVE 2020 WILL BE A LANDSLIDE VICTORY FOR @POTUS
Not with omnibus bills like this being signed.  That was a disappointment!

Better check that approval rating twice! Your dead wrong which I expect from liberals
I can't wait for next election 2020 more libtard tears I will campaign and walk each voter to that booth
Trump Train is making the Clinton bus look stupid.

Your support is fading and it will be a landslide for the Dems if you keep pushing gun control.   you are in office because of pro gun voters, don't forget it.
#WeThePeople Support #POTUS45 #TRUMP 
#BestPresidentEver
Keep up open and honest work!!





Always!
EPIC MAGA!!!
Heyyyy... I know that guy... he's a super Patriot Sir #MAGA
You Da Man!
Thank you Mr President!
#TrumpLandslide
#TwentyTwenty

You bet Mr. President. #MAGA2020
geez, I didn't know you was that tight with the President !!!...
...
Can't wait for the liberal side to start flowing to the justified side for MAGA!May be slow at first but when all the corrupt leftist liberals start standing trial for crimes against America and trials against foreign countries, they will come!They will see what we fight for!
Good man
Thank you President Trump!  Americans stand WITH YOU 
You got it!
WHERE ARE THE INDICTMENTS????   WHY IS SHE STILL NOT LOCKED UP????   RESTORE OUR CONFIDENCE!
Yes!  Thank you #45! 2020 #45 again!
@stacy_redvirgo @thebradfordfile 
Great tweet!
Keep moving forward!
Must keep America RED and #MAGAForAll
I'm a "trumplican"! #MAGA
Can you buy Alberta please 


@thebradfordfile sure my President,Really
Potus, we got your back, go kick some butt!
We love trump
Very cool!!! He reads our tweets. #BESTPRESIDENTEVER
Way to go @thebradfordfile 
#Trump2020 
#BuildTheWall 
#RepealObamacare
#Reciprocity
#Tax Cuts
#ShrinkGovt
Wow Brad!  Quite the retweet!!!
THANKS FOR BEING OUR POTUS!!!
Oh yeah! Go Donald J!


Trump 2020.  Mudslide coming.
No thank you Mr President.
Amen!
this made me vomit in my mouth
Lol
Proud to say I'm a Trump supporter
This is certainly right Doesn’t mean that I always agree

#FakePresident
@CNN here's another retweet of Russian bot.
Not since u held back subsidies. Many ppl r going to be hurt, not just Dems. This will be ur downfall in 2020. Unless impeachment comes 1st!
You just retweeted a bot.





Delusional orange MORON
HAHAHAHAHHAAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA
Watch out! You could be spouting FAKE NEWS!

OMG what accomplishments? Come on now, name me something, anything, anybody,???????? Nothing huh?   That's  what I thought
I wanna see a dick head with this on the  rear bumper of his truck  #hilarious
In your dreams
PUKE!
Not a landslide for you... it will be for the Democrats because you're doing g terrible as "president"
Thank you for being a idgaf kinda president. I'm not rich and I can barely afford the ins I have but now I won't be able to afford n e thing
There is a better chance that none if us will be here to vote.

You got to be kidding me you'll be out before the year's up America's not going to stand for that stand up to this b*******
Ha ha ha ha now this is why the world think most Americans are idiots
LOL!
we shall see if you are  still President then
Oh please god No! (And I meant god not God)
The President Donal J. Trump in the present geo political scenario you are the only world Leader who can give right direction to the global politics and can bring peace globally. We as Pakistani citizen will over overwhelmingly support you. God bless you.
President Donald J. Trump I thank U 4 acepting,  recognizing  the efforts of Pakistani Forces in respect of release operation of American family in captivity of Taliban. If open heartedly studied then yourself will recognise that world peace is destroyed by India not Pkistan.
More crap math from the Liar-in-Chief. 32-37% support is not a landslide. Except in terms of your loss/opponent's victory. Every1 dislikes U
@thebradfordfile hopefully on your head. Your only out for your ego to be stroked
I will always support you.  You've got Americas back
Another landslide in 2020 like the landslide Hillary had over you in the popular vote? #youreunpopular #mostpeopledidntvoteforyou
Love you, Mr. President!  #MAGA #WINNING
Seriously?
I Think You Made A Typo On That Sign @thebradfordfile
If you really think the little ppl are gonna vote for this dump ass again you'll be waiting a very long time for that to happen .
FAKE ELECTION FAKE PRESIDENT
We don't support you we are actually afraid of all the damage your going to cause us you are a embarrassment to our country.Resign already 
Oh god no !
Oh, I really hope you DON'T win. You can't expect to with how you've run things so far.
An example of the type of license plate DJT won’t be able to make while in prison.
I will not support you! You could've had the support of the Puerto Rican people! You're blowing it!






Stay strong Mr PRESIDENT!!!!!
Not supporting you, ever!

got my support til the end and beyond,if needs arise mr. president!!
Time to reinstall the Constitution in to the Congress of the United States of America
Does he mean mudslide? Bc if so, accurate.
Exactly
Great president!
From Twitter to God's ears.  Amen

The TRUMP Card
@realDonadTrump Reply to Eminem's cypher on BET's Hip Hop Honors last night. You literally got your handed to you by Slim Shady. LOVED IT!!

1 Term
Who's gonna tell him the definition of landslide?
With a 38% approval rating don't get too excited. Ur the minority that the kneeling with NFL games is trying to support.... #trumpthetard
You got my vote 2020 nobody can shut up Donald Trump
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS
you are americas best president, that is why obama is so angry at you and he is behind nov4th antifa to destroy government arrest him
 landslide.  That's funny. I bet you lose 2 states in south,and loss pop vote.
Keep up the great work!
Do they make one that reads dump trump?
Dump
Haha fuck off you racist fucks
yep right at his local dump. where he will be with the rest of the garbage,
Well, yeah, I do see a landslide coming...but not for you Donnie.
IN UR FUCKIN DREAMS! DO USA A FAVOR & KILL YOURSELF

#fuckyou
If the landslide is the economy and respect for this country, then it's coming before 2020

No, don't u remember, that was Hill that said that. The difference is Hill believes that, too bad see where it got her???? Surprise!!!!
The bitch is goin' down.
...lol... oh s***
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaHahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha !
YESSSSSSSSSS 
can you please just go back to being a lame gameshow host? Thanks. #maga
Landslide coming?  Cool.  Please stand at the bottom of the hill and wait for it.
Make America racist again with all this shit that’s going on in the world today
Morons Are Governing America
It will be a cold day in hell!
I would put that on my car
How many $ do you get for all that "merchandising"?  Hats, secrets to Russian officials, greens fees and have taxpayers foot the bill
#distraction #Gaslighting #TrumpFeebleBrain #FakeNews

Oh gawd, what could be worse?
Maybe someone who has the lowest 6 month approval rating since Truman shouldn't be talking about re-election quite yet
No no no! Mr President thank YOU for the privilege of supporting YOU! You're so awesome, it makes me mess my pants! Need paper towels!
Making American Hate Again. Good job, tRump.
You are dilussional
Hahahaha
Hahahahaha  In your delusional dreams loser. Hahahahaha 
More like a mudslide is coming
Why are u campaigning?  Do ur job at hand hand. Why no mention of tragic fires in California,  or help for those over worked firefighters?
Landslide to jail. #MuellerIsComing

Really? What fantasy world are you living in?
Yep
