1. Another example of a #TrumpFart.
How does one identify a #TrumpFart?
A. Make an assertion that needs no action, can't be verified.
B. Make a stupid or idiotic statement
C. Make a vague statement such that one cannot be certain what is exactly meant
2. #TrumpFart explained
in this picture are either of you WEARING anything that was made in the USA?
in your tweet are you using anything of the Indigenous languages of the Americas?
that's a great picture of you!
@POTUS Dreamers, Dreamers, Dreamers. That's all I hear all day. Thanks Dem's we can see you love your country.#jerks .
HAPPY LABOR DAY TO YOU AND BEAUTIFUL FAMILY
BLACK POWER
“...and Trump merchandise made in China.”
And good ole American Racism.
Have a wonderful Thanksgiving...Bless you!
@FLOTUS wearing a Mary Katrantzou dress - Greek fashion designer who works in London; @POTUS wearing a tie made in China. #FakePresident
Doubt he is wearing a tie from China
That's where his trumpy ties are made.
Cant be your hands, they are too small.
Im producing software code with my American hands. Happy Labor Day!
LLPOF
Please give details and facts to back this up.
and clothing made overseas
And don't forget the hardworking Chinese people manufacturing the Donald and Ivanka Trump clothing line!
What about your clothing and accessories?
Mr President.  Don't forget Montana.  They need your help too.
Funny, you seem to be trying to rebuild the past.
In fact, your slogan implies you're trying to return the U.S. to the past.
WRONG! You're a liar! We don't believe you.
Aaaand he's back! Douchebag-in-Chief
But YOUR products are NOT made in America - #KKKDonny #PutinsPuppet
I look at ur twitter, then the news and go "when did we end up in WW2?"
We're getting a bit scared w swamp keeper Sessions who is covering for his senators in the nonexistent hrc trial. Now Ryan gets daca. SOS PT
Your crap is made in China, fool!
Financed by foreign money
Really?  When did this start?  You and your daughter still make your crap overseas, exploiting foreign slave labor.
Ending DACA is fucked up
DACA was an Obama policy not a law; it in fact circumvents law. That is never good
You build your buildings with Chinese steel you hypocritical joke of a @potus
That's because Obama made sure steel wasn't welcome in the United States...go figure...
No we're NOT! We're building it with Chinese and Russian aluminum and steel! YOU ARE ALL TALK & BLUSTER AS YOU/YOUR FAMILY LINE YOUR POCKETS
No, you're ruining the future of this country with you & your admin backwards thinking!
You and your entire family are the laughing stock of the entire world. Gotta be #1 at something, right? 

You didn't use American steel on your buildings just another lie from the #LiarinChief #Resistance #Impeach #TRUMP #FAKEPRESIDENT
Happy Labor Day 1953
You are destroying the America as we know it. You send your work overseas. Ivanka' clothing line is not made by American hands. #horribleman
Too bad Trump's own products are made in China.
Your point is? We must continue liberal ignorance and stupidity! Duh
LIAR!! Your products made in Mexico and Bangladesh, @IvankaTrump's  are made in Ethiopia!  #Hypocrites!
What's sad is your witless minions, regardless of the FACTS, will mindlessly say this is #FakeNews! So you can lie with reckless abandon!
It is repugnant that we have a POTUS who is morally bankrupt and has no respect for standards of basic decency like telling the truth!
#TalbertSwan is very #FakeNews here's your baby Now go to sleep!
The overwhelming majority of Americans Support President Trump and the #MAGA agenda! Don't believe the lying #MSM polls!
Most of the people that have left tweets are very disrespectful to the President and the First Lady. President Trump is a great president!
#DeportMelania  best hashtag going with #ResignTrump running a very close second
I can't read this bullshit anymore. I'm off twitter until America regains its conscience. The base and their hero must go.

Except for the steel from JIINNA, that you use to build Trumpjunk, you probably forgot about that, right lyin'little donnie?
@realDonaldTrump are those your words or it's Russia talking?
It's strange you and Russia rigged our election just so you could harm young children.

#DefendDACA 
#DefendDACA 
#DefendDACA 
#DefendDACA
I love America and Donald Trump

Except for the DAPL - we're using Russian steel for that. And cheap foreign labor at Mar a lago. You're a fraud!
Chinese ties.
Russian hotels.
Cloud Cuckoo Land universities...
And your Chinese neckties are built with ... ?
And with Russia dictatorship.
If we wanted to do everything American then you shouldn't be President.
Ooo harsh. Love it
Philemon 1:25
The #grace of our #LordJesusChrist be with your #spirit. #Amen.
Proverbs 11:14
Where there is no #counsel, the #people fall; But in the #multitude of #counselors there is #safety.
John 1:14
And the #Word became #flesh and #dwelt among us, and we beheld His #glory, the #glory as of the only #begotten of [1/2]
the #Father, full of #grace and #truth. [2/2]
stupid bot is back..... .@BotlineThe
Thanks*!
Come on! You want to build a future with white hands and white labor, you racist!
The future you envision is only shared by Nazis and white supremacists.
We envision a better tomorrow, not one filled with hatred & kicking good people out of their country!
Are you native American? Screw your "I got here first" mentality!
You love the rich and despite the poor. Anyone not brainwashed by Reality TV sees that now!
We reject your hatred! We reject your racism! We reject your narcissism!
You embody the WORST this country has to offer! We are horrified that you are our face to the world!
Your approval rating is so low, I don't know how you can sleep at night! Self-delusion?
Except for Trump products which are all made with foreign hands.
His hands were in one place:  grabbing women's genitalia.
He grab yours???
Go back and pay all the contractors you stiffed in the past whose businesses you ruined. Fraud
Wah wah. You done yet. I could send you some Kleenex
Hahahahhahahahah. Is this you?
You got a three word sentence wrong. #ObeseAndSlow
Nice receding hairline. Trump , Trump, Trump.
Liar, liar, liar, liar. Stupid liar. Moronic liar. Idiot liar. Dumb liar. Misogynistic liar. Sexist liar. Crybaby liar. Manbaby liar. Egotistical liar. Narcissistic liar. Treasonous liar.
Except you used Chinese steel to make your properties.
Hail To The Chief! The Leader we have been waiting for and praying for !!!! Mr. President what can I do to help you and our country to rise above those that would drag us down ! Long Live The United States of America !!!!
Great
that's why all your hotel towels are made in china right ? and where does the soap come from again , yes not the United states.
@ArtHouseTrump  you’re the worst
Is that why 100% of your building materials on your buildings are manufactured in CHINA!
How about a common-sense tax code 18% tax on everybody everything all the time. Stocks,real estate, corperate, every income 18%. SIMPLE
Really New diolog for American people. And happy my country people.
Why dont all of u just get to work! Stop complaining. Do something useful
Are you fundamentally incapable of ever telling the truth? Your stuff and your daughters' stuff is made outside of the US. #TwoPeasInAPod
My family&I support @realDonaldTrump whatever the haters say#military #Veterans #usmarineveteran #USmilitary my hubby & son #usairforce
Look at the progress , he's only in the office @WhiteHouse few months many ppl already at work & agendas,things on the table @WhiteHouse 
Says the man who has his products made in other countries
You should have at least had @FLOTUS wear "made in US". Oh that's right. All your stuff made in China, Indonesia etc
"Steel" or "steal"? Meet the new Robber Baron.
Have you ever tried to boycott made-in-China products? This country depends on them, sadly.
Get your last shipment of MAGA hats from China yet?
All clothing in this photo was made in sweatshops in foreign countries that mistreat their workers…& the contents of clothing are assholes
We watch SCANDAL we know you all dont have love for each other. FAKEASS PEOPLE.
Many of those people using American iron, aluminum and steel are ones you want to send away.
Well done Sir, how about those shirts and ties sold in your shops, still made by Chinese ?

Meanwhile, he and Ivanka use nothing Americanade in their products, including MAGA hats. Bullshitter in Chief.
see Donald you would be the hero for both sides pardoning the sheriff and pardoning the dreamers.both are law breakers.do it now.
Funny how all these ppl start complaining about your hair, skin color, your wife's clothes and shoes  move on ppl! U act like 5 yr olds!
Katie, tell us that when your boy gets impeached, you blind bat!!...
Ties from China? What a hypocrite
YOU sure aren't & neither is your family! What "American hands" are you speaking of? Where are your products made?
So eager to deport, start with @FLOTUS who violated work visa laws. Don't be a hypocrite - oh it's too late for that.
American labor??  American materials??   Melania is wearing clothes designed by a greek (Mary Katrantzou) based in London and made in Italy!
while an immigrant rears your kid and China manufactures your ties and caps
I'm Dwayne heldt heldt Mr Trump I hear you
Couldn't @FLOTUS dress be american made? #maga #resignnow
You better remember your 3rd wife is an immigrant so what if she married you she was not born in USA your mother also Are you on Drugs?
Um not really Donny most hands have immigrant stains and ethnic work ethics and naturals made in other countries. Common Donny you know this
Tell that to your wife...buy wear American...hypocrites.
Ya gotta stop being an ass hat & let others do all of your speeches.  Altho 2 b honest its kinda halarious how bad u r at this,  just bad
How sad you're President and you dunno how to spell "destroying" well obviously American education sucks not to blame on you.
By "We" you mean, you, and your rich 1% asslickers that you think are your friends. They despise you, your just a useful idiot from suburbia
I keep hearing he's broke. Let's see how long those friends stick around after he's impeached. Money talks and bullshit walks  
Seriously? @realDonaldTrump? Anyone on ur staff check anything? Happy Labor Day w FLOTUS in a dress made in Italy of French materials! 
His sheer arrogance and narcissism prevents him from ever caring.
With a Chinese tie, Italian dress, and Slovenian wife.
Veterans before Illegals!
Our Children before Illegals!
Wall before Illegals!
Balance Budget before Illegals!
Except for the Trump Organization or @IvankaTrump, who make everything offshore and employ foreign labor bcz it's cheaper. Hypocrites.
@IvankaTrump You people believe Trump's "American's hands" bull when his & Ivanka's stuff are made by "foreign hands"??
Handsome President Trump & Beautiful First Lady.
Oh, are you going to hire Americans, now?  Bet the Polish Brigade wishes that was true back when.  How about Russian steel 4 the pipelines?
And then we're going to ruin most of our trade deals so we can't sell our products, or purchase our resources at a reasonable price.
Cool
And what country did materials for your office building and home come from?
You are so right.  Way to go TRUMP!
We are so tired of your Bullshit statements and lack of empathy at many levels from both of you and your entire family.
Enjoy your time off with your family you deserve it
What about your shirts and ties?
Except Trump has the little hands... #littlehandstrump
Such a handsome couple. Melania, you have such classy taste in fashion!! You really are a vision. POTUS IS SO BLESSED..so are you! 
Hurricane Barbie looking sharp!
Please DO NOT REVISIT DACA. My grandparents were immigrants, with young children.  Even way back when, the abided by LAW.
Our First Lady is all class !
with the exception of your second wife, you've had immigrant wives. Will Melania be deported? I wonder...
RE DACA:  DOES A COUNTRY HAVE A RIGHT TO ENFORCE IT'S LAWS, EVEN IF PAINFUL 2 THE PPL THAT IGNORED THE LAW 4  MANY YEARS?
Liar liar liar on all accounts. You make nothing here liar
And your brands are made where?
But not in my hotels, golf courses and my clothing line.
You import all the materials for your hotels. https://amp.businessinsider.com/trump-hotel-imports-2017-1 … 

You are a hypocrite. You first.
What about your investments abroad DJT, will you shut up shop and cart them to The US....Do I sense hypocrisy???or is it just my imagination
American made clothes not good enough for the fake FLOTUS?
Too bad most of what you sell was made in China 
This from a man who didn't even buy his wife in America.
I work in the steel industry. Thank you Mr. President :-)
"Do as I say not as I do" is a bad form of leadership. Bring your companies to America and quit being a hypocrite.
While you're contributing to total destruction - according to experts - of the Planet. Yeah. Great job!!  Bring it on - the next EWE. SO sad
I must admit @flotus apparent contempt for you makes me almost like her.
That's nice heard Melania's dress made in Italy and he saying American made
You DJT are an American disaster that we Americans are highly embarrassed by.
trump you started this on DACA and now you putting all this on Congress this is all your fault stressing out all those people U fix it
Did I mention that we are also creating harsher laws, so that we can create more felons, who can't work those jobs.
But you and Ivanka buy your shit from China and Mexico! #LyingTrump!
Except for my daughter's line of products and my clothing line. I see you still haven't stood up against the big IT companies. #jobswewant
But at least they won't be able to vote against you next election, right?!

Why is your buildings made from China steel. And why is your daughters things made in China.????????????????
You are very much a hypocrite.
and yet the dress your 3rd wife is wearing is not made with American hands, or American labor...hypocrite, old demented fool
Shut up little D.J. , you're obviously a habitual liar. Everyone already knows all your family business is from underpaid foreign workers.
Does that mean u will return ur mail order immigrant of a wife
Hipocricy.
And a designer dress, probably made in China
May want to check Barron's DACA status before you screw these people. Child of an immigrant, possibly here illegally. #psalm 109:8
Is that why the 1st Lady is wearing a foreign made dress?? Just asking
Trump, president, Moon Jae-in president is playing.I am free.
Sure...

That is why ur wife Melania has an Italian-made dress on. Empty headed sloganeer
#DefendaDACA
You like American women?
Without Mexican labor in the harvest you won't have anything to eat made in America
So your shitty products are made in the US? Hmmmmm....
