nooooooo
I am watching the Democrats trying to defend the "you can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan & premiums will go down" ObamaCare lie.
you don't even care about the poor people,mr president,you always say fake news,then what is the truth?poor people are also american
We love you Mr. President. Thank you.
The "Trump Care" is going to kill the rest of the population so who cares?
I am watching the Democrats trying to defend the "you can keep you doctor, you can keep your plan &amp; premiums will go...
President Trump is for the American FIRST.
stop watching the democrats and start talking to the republican congress. Lets get healthcare bill passed in Senate and build that wall
Please do not listen to the Fake News CNN.
Bashing will NOT LEAD YOU, overwhelmed to see SHAMING, DISGRACE, and alot of bigotry behavior!!!
President always telling the truth. Our President Trump loves America and American 
Please do something.
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
They could have kept their plan if not for it being useless. Looks like you can't do any better!!! #dick
I lost my Doc, lost my plan new one increased 50% and my deduc rose 700%! Ya, ObamaCare worked like a charm 
That's the fault of the greedy insurance co. O-Care is a law, that protects your interests. But, whatever!
You're a liar. You said Medicare, Medicaid & Social Security would not be touched...you lied!!!!!!
Also so far the plan yout brought forth seems to take away doctors,  coverage, tax credits, life time caps, and not covering preexisting con
My family was able to keep our doctors. Not everyone has the same experience with the same exact situation. That's life.
don't worry about the democrats worry about the leaking in your own admin.  Start firing & full investigation with outcome of prosecution
Obama lied to the American people. Obamacare has risen 116% in Arizona
Obamba it's All Lies
maybe not
Demo-rats desperate ,their swamp is being drain,.the silent majority.no silent no more
Donald Trump is a LIE!!! you have balls when all you have done and do, is lie on a daily if not hourly basics!
I suppose as President you have nothing better to do.
AGREE X 1000.
YOU BETTER START RECORDING EVERY CONVERSATION IN THE OVAL OFFICE TO PROTECT YOUR PRESIDENCY.  DEMOCRATS., GOP, & CONGRESS OUT TO GET YOU
U r the !
Lie? You callng someone else a liar? Lol that's a hoot. 6 months max for you.
WAKE UP @POTUS AND STOP THE LEAKS BY LIE DETECTOR OF 2 LEVELS DOWN FROM PRESIDENT & ALL WHO FAIL TEST MUST BE FIRED. STOP LEAKS  NO JOKE
Wake up Mr President 2state solution will kill Israel USA's biggest ally WTF RU doing reneging your promise 2 build embassy in Jerusalem WTF
@marklevinshow Mr Pesident this is a bridge 2far Uwill lose greatly going against Israel stand your ground build the embassy in Jerusalem
Stop your underlings cut down the only free country in the Middle East WTF are you doing 2 state solution will kill Israel to help Hammas
What's your biggest lie I'm not a buffoon, I will drain the swamp, I will make America great , not the way you're going help all Americans !
Idiot
no one lie more that you do!
Wait, you were telling everyone during the election they could keep their Dr and prices would go down. THAT WAS YOU!!!
and with twumpeeDUMPEEcare you get less for a whole lot more. SUX TO BE YOU MERICA
Term limits for Congress should be voted on by the people of America

Trump doesn't know a damn thing about healthcare. He+the GOP keep trying to ruin it so they can give rich buddies an 800 billion tax break
Why doesn't the government go on the same plan as you want us to go on? That will make everything above board and transparent.
POS
you are the liar, drumpf....I almost feel sorry for your base...almost...they put the most incompetent person in history in the white house.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS #resign #goaway #notmypresident #impeachTrumpnow #Impeach45 #impeachtrump #unfit
I was watching the celebration of a non winning health care bill
Yeah...and they are pathetic.
Donald trump is not real he is fake as the fake news
I'm watching @POTUS not even try to defend higher premiums for preX under new health care "plan".
I think all of government should have the same healthcare plan as we the people.
Ultimate hate group. Always mad; always blaming.
HOW MUCH IS HE PROFITING FROM THE ''COPYWRITE OF HIS NAME'' ON THE ACT? FOLLOW ME? BIBLE CODE SAYS ''DEMON'' WITH HIS NAME! ARREST THAT FK!
Not that you care, Mr. Trump, but my whole life is a pre existing condition. If you are trying to get ppl out of the US, I'm very tempted.
LIES!!!!Do you live on food stamps or drug deals?
Mr. President, this man Obama has lied almost all the time, he was president and covered by Main stream
Torrent mites live in fast flowing streams & are water quality indicators, yet mostly unknown in the US (for now). Also, stop w/ the treason
Good use of quotation marks, only not at all idiot.
SO TRUE  LYING HIPOCRATS
Obama care stinks worse than sitting on the toilet after a dinner at chipotle an you tried the spicey tacos realizing it was a bad idea
Be part of the solution. Work together or you're fired next. It is a 4 year part time gig. Be the difference. Stop blaming Obama, lead.
Yeah watch then chicken. Watch and learn.
Slander, out right LIE.
Mr. Trump - Hire Trey Gowdy
Please replace Comet with Trey Gowdy.
The democrats want the government to wipe our buts from cradle to grave ,and treat us like a bunch of pet cats /pussys
DEMOCRATS are liars. I work in healthcare and it is ground zero. I hear patients comments and complaints about the lies of Obamacare all day
Just quit...like NIXON.
Correction : "you can keep YOUR doctor...."
It can not be called "Obamacare" 
it has to be called "O'dumasscare" because you have to be a dumb ASS to buy into the lies!!!
Boring dribble zzzzzzz
...Drain the swamp...Comey needed to go...great job..Clinton should be in jail.. with Obama..liars...crooks
Watch their heads spend..... DEVILS
I am watching some old European porn!!! I'm not sure but the girl looked like Melania and she handles premium cock and goes down!!!

One down many to go.  Keep draining the swamp Mr. President!
At least it won't kick 24 Million off Insurance like  CHUMPCARE
What about your lie of promising not to rip healthcare away from people who really need it? Seems to me that's exactly who it's taken from!
What about EXCUSING Lois Lerner???
We're all watching you defend your "climate change is a hoax" lie. #cleanenergy
YOU SAID EVERYONE WILL BE COVERED. YOU lied to your voters
WE ARE DYING BECAUSE WE CAN'T AFFORD THE MAJOR TESTS WE NEED. NEED COLONOSCOPY EVERY YEAR FOR CANCER. CAN'T GO.
Please get this healthcare off the back of Medicare..we can't afford our copays with the plus plans. Have to have them to go to doc. HELP.
You're the lie
let's watch republicans try to defend your lies. Or watch you defend them.  Haha you just blame anything else
The GOP is a failure. You'll fail with them.
Even you admit single payer is the way to go but you're tied to your GOP base. You won. Start relying on your instincts and forget the GOP.
Make sure no one is worse off when you finish
$1,437 Obamacrap per/mo with 14,700 deductible OR $1,380 per/mo with a $5500 dedct through employer.  BOTH plans are too much $$ per/mo
I'd rather pay a higher deductible than lose my insurance altogether because of a 'preexisting condition'.
Your stupidity and just the sound of your voice nauseate me.
Soon your gonna wish you stayed a Dem or JUST DIDN'T run for office at the beckoning of those who REALLY run the WH for their benefit
I ALWAYS chose & kept my doctors. Premiums vary & always will.
If someone stood up in a crowd
And raised his voice up way out loud
And waved his arm and shook his leg
You'd notice him
- YOUR
YOUR THE PRESIDENT -YOU FIX IT !
Next big lie is that you can scrap the individual mandate and somehow keep the system solvent.
@realDonaldTrump I am still watching you act like a clown with a 70 IQ try to run the country, oh, and kill Americans with no healthcare! 
You siphoned 8 bil from healthcare and are using it to build up a military that you, your sons, or supporters are most likely vested in.
All the want is to live #bigdummie
The Democrats lied to themselves and the American people about Obamacare. It is a total disaster that is bad for Americans. 
Needs more quotation marks
liar
Trump should be answering for all the lies he and his administration have said. Instead, Trump whines about other ppl's lies. 

Grow up DJT.
Can you get with the program? At least the ACA didn't pay off your butt sucking buddies with enough money to not bleed MEDICADE customers.
大阪都構想より、南北朝鮮だけい一年でえ永住権とる
これに参政権が重大問題
#朝鮮族 のマスコミは一切隠蔽
大阪都構想で支那韓朝自治区計画
祖国から在日帰化人に徴兵招集がくれば全て無くなる
橋下徹は #同和 部落関係日本を転覆させる輩
https://twitter.com/k2f9z/status/861453556632535040/photo/1pic.twitter.com/sAUiTiY51q 
You are making death panels. What happen to waiting till it imploded on itself. Maybe if will never implod?
Fun fact, if you lose health insurance like the 24 million people will, having ANY doctor won't really matter.  PS we know you did 9/11.
Trumpdeathcare is a lie. If your healthcate is so great sign your whole family up for it and your republican party
Our illiterate leader
That's too bad, but in reality we need to fix all of it.
Democrats lying always
No wall!!!no wall
Your the worst president ever
And we are watching you lie about Russia.
... Me doctor? You nurse?
How about your lies of releasing your tax returns.
They are SO DESPERATE to find ANYTHING negative about @POTUS they are willing to say anything, even if it's proven 100% INACCURATE!
.... you are the only liar in the Whitehouse....or should I say...the biggest liar....
Thats so true mr president i make less money in 2016 and my insurance went twice higher than 2015
And guaranteed he has sexually abused a woman!
Obama did not lie. He wanted it to work right. You, on the other hand, are lying. You don't care one bit about us.kicking elderly and kids.
The only lier is you Cheeto!
Tell me one more time why wealthy people need more money? Confirm you are taking money from healthcare. Right to give to rich. So wrong.
and dems had 7 years to fix it. So now they know how. They play the prejudice card
what is the link to the official new healthcare?  Thanks
WASHINGTON CRONIES are exempt for TrumpCare? What the HELL? They should be made to use it for 1 yr.,THEN we talk TRUMPCARE! STAND UP PEOPLE!
How can this man make America great again when doesn't know how to use quotation marks? (Spoilers: He can't, because he's a fucking idiot)
Trump = murderer
and your promises??
Trumpcare 3.0 lie and bad for we the people.
Mr President put Congress on ObummerCare and the Demo's will vote to fix it tomorrow!!!!  It sucks!
You. Talking about someone else lying lol. Wow
As we watch old, useless Republicans seal their own political death.
We are watching you defend Russia and taking away health insurance so You can fund a tax break for the rich
Trump = LIE!
#TrumpTheCokeAddict 
#CocaineTweets
Define "sabotage."
OBAMACARE IS NOW FOR THE RICH. In most of the Central & midWest, few can afford the obscene premium hikes.
A lie is the act to Deceive,  it was not a lie , it was a gaff
cc & sent @Reince45 . the obscene hikes on Obamacare...the Democrat lie is too big for anyone who refuses to replace it to keep their seat!
Please release your tax returns. In a world of alternative facts and fake news, it may assist us in taking you seriously.
Yes the same lies. If you don't agree with them then your racist. You can't discuss the facts with Libs, that really makes them attack you
This great debate is not settled but continues! Barack Obama 5-8-17
AS I recall, the GOP minority leadership was responsible for the defective portions of ACA when enacted, then 60 repeal attempts. No fixes.
just had our insurance sign up. costs never been higher for regular joes. Fam, $290/mth, out of pocket 12k deductible, income $39.5 fix it!
Put the blame where it should go, Insurance companies and corporate greed, something you know a great deal about!
These quotes are old. We are only worried about you plan & 28,000,000 Americans losing insurance & pre-existing conditions excluded.
We Sir care only of Promise(S) you made to us KEEP MEDICAID,PRE-EXIS CONDITIONS INCLUD I,LOWER COST PREM&DEDUCTIBLES RX INCLDED
We are watching trumpCare lie about being a healthcare plan- with lower premiums and deductibles and more coverage. Wish it was fake news...
LIAR. Premiums were skyrocketing every year before ACA....ACA significantly slowed the increase in premiums. The problem is corrupt ins cos.
