by the way if you want black supporters grant us our reparations for slavery. That way I can go to Mar-a-lago too
Lol honey i wish!
Sweetness, do you want me to get lynched? Or grabbed by my pu$$y or worse. A combination of the two? Lol
Lol I like you too
We The People in Oregon have a Senator thats lives in New York! Tell me how that is legal?
Dead people cannot vote!
What about your immigrant wife? Should we discriminate against her?
Just like your wife Melania not living in the White House. #doublestandard
How many states is bannon registered in?
Sources say Trump to appoint special investigator to look into DNC and Uranium One Russian collusion and Seth Rich murder ties to DNC/SEIA
Yeah, I hear he spends most of his time at a resort he owns in Florida.
Is that legal?  Can you imagine the outcry if a republican was doing this?  The media sucks!  Keep attacking them Mr. President
#FlipThe6th

Wow! You've conformed nicely.
Don't need to unless you win. Besides grew up there and prob was in district before bs gerrymandering.
The Trolls have crawled out from under their bridge
We just learned you still won't produce your tax returns. Guess what, everyone DOES care. We ALL want to see them. Pony up, orange one
The Constitution doesn't require it. Only mandates they live in the state. 

Are you insinuating the Constitution doesn't dictate the law?
He really couldn't be more stupid if he tried.
Dude beside being false info and you a self proclaim liar should have known that BS Ad been for weeks 
Show your taxes!
"Just learned"?  That's a stupid thing to say. SAD!
That's insane.  Does not even live there.   Crazy stuff.  He is funded by Jihads.  Go Gray!!!

The taxpayers are paying for 
not one.
Not two.
But THREE HOMES FOR YOU.
In three different states.
#FlipThe6th

I agree: Pretty good odds that domestic policy will go mostly nowhere. But it's mostly not bc of Trump. http://www.businessinsider.com/trump-do-nothing-presidency-2017-4 …
You lie so easily.
Follow me if you love trump #Maga
Just learned that Donald Trump @POTUS hasn't kept any campaign promises - Georgia get out and vote!!!!!
You started a job that you clearly can't handle. Good luck.
Do you have a life, dude? I feel like you sit around waiting all day for Trump to Tweet
Flip Flip Flip Flip Flip Flip...

The Sixth!
And your wife and kids don't live in your district either.
I am laughing at the "Just Learned" line. Did Spicy run in and slam down a piece of paper and say "Hot off the presses!"
Did you also learn that @ossoff is a compassionate man who cares about the well being of District 6? Many peopl who will vote for him did.
Why so nervous?  The world knows you tweet when you are scared and nervous about something.
The world had a wake up call. He  means business is what the world learned.
The world is laughing at us thanks to orange julius in the White House
Orange Julius!! Genius!! I usually call him the Orange Nightmare, but I like this!
John Kerry didn't live in Nebraska when he was our governor. What a pathetic excuse. Vote Democrat.
Bob Kerrey
What about Bob Kerrey? The worst of the worst in my opinion. He was our States Senator for 2 years, we ran him out.
You said John Kerry. I was correcting you. It's hard to believe your opinion is valid when you can't even get the name right.
So I got his name wrong, my opinion of the man stands!
All I'm saying is that it's hard to trust a person's opinion when they can't get the facts straight.
You are still more qualified 
Just learned that @realDonaldTrump who is the "so-called" President of the United States doesn't even live in the White House.
Just learned that the @GOP used Gerrymandering to push minorities out of their own districts to "hack" the vote.
Just learned that many voting machines in the more liberal parts of Georgia's 6th district aren't even working.
.@realDonaldTrump 
1/3
Don't forget unethical & likely illegal actions of Tom Price, HHS Sec/former GA 6th Rep, pushing for Handel:
2/3
purchased stock then pushed for rule change to increase his profits.
@Oyster_Snot @realDonaldTrump @ossoff @ProPublica how is this guy still in office? Obvious conflict of interest. Where is SEC
it's like EVERYONE is in on the joke!
he is turning back EVERYTHING Obama did even to his own detriment.
"great" to him - post WWII usa .... 
Government was all white, all male 
now we have all OLD WHITE GUYS so out of touch, they haven't a clue
And your wife is not living in the White House your one to talk !
And your wife is still an immigrant who brought her family to the US which makes them a chain immigrant family.
You live on a golf course.
Even the GOP is embarrassed how much time he spends there.
It does?????
Just learned that Jon @Ossoff, who is running for Congress in Georgia, doesn't even live in the district. Republicans, g...
Who what where when why DISGRACEFUL TASTE OF ATTITUDE BRAVERY AND B.S
Dotard hasn’t said one thing that’s true since....we’ll probably the age of 4 when he started talking. His mother said he was always slow
What else is new
MELANIA DOES NOT EVEN LIVE IN THE WHITE HOUSE! 
Lol what's your point soup man?
Tommy C. is not well informed about the first family. The FLOTUS made it clear.that  Barron's education won't be disturbed. Very good mother
You just found that out!! I dont live in Georgia and I knew this when he began his campaign! I found out by watching MSM!!
Bad mouthing Dems.... Trumps way of "making American great again"
Just like your wife doesn't live in the White House?
You are barely in DC either. The seat if our government is in DC not Florida at a golf club
He needs arrested, if he votes in his district. Its criminal to fraudulently vote.
Your so-called intelligence is embarrassing.
If you are not dead from the neck up, no one is.
Just like you don't live in the White House. You are a hypocrite #PresidentBannon
Ossoff moved temporarily to support his girlfriend in medical school. Apparently, some couples actually live together. #TrumpJustLearned
Are you are clearly not from this planet otherwise you would care about it
And you don't live in DC.
We need a good man ! Come out Democrats!
Your wife & son don't live in your stateS Washington/Florida.They must have very smart brains too #FreeMelania #fakepresident #goplaygolf
#loserPOTUS
Just learned that the first lady doesn't even live at the White House. Probably by choice.
Your wife doesn't even live in the White House.. Hell you don't even half the time.. 
Maybe you crooked repubs should redraw the lines every time he moves.
Exiting, what are you waiting for? Vote
Ossoff is another liberal loser. Thinks he's another Obama. These people are a bunch of clowns. They lost Trump won.
@realDonaldTrump BIAFRA AND BIAFRANS in Nigeria are in danger of extermination by terrorists of Hausa-Fulani, Boko Haram and brutal killings
You lived in MY But got the presidency. Doesn't say you gotta live there idiot. Learn the system
Maybe voters should be more worried about the millions of tax dollars your receiving because your wife isn't in the white house
At least he's honest about it...
You didn't live in DC but you still ran for that office..
#DearMrPresident Sir, why are so many in your administration connected with Russian Oligarchs?
Be quiet and find a other job. You are unsuited and d unfit.
Just learned?!?!?  Do your job!
I wonder if John Ossoff will show his taxes? What are you hiding in your taxes Mr. Trump?
Just learned that Melanie Trump, who is supposed to be @FLOTUS, doesn't even live in D.C. or sleep with #Trump. Democrats, get out and vote!
How is this different from you running for office in a place you have never resided - reality? #hypocrite #crookedDonald
I have noticed that the government has resumed the spewing of chemicals into the atmosphere,in order to eliminate 50% of the people.
@hotfunkytown @ossoff Didn't read our note on this.
Neither do you. BTW, its obvious that you are disliked. More voted for a man who "doesn't even live in the district" than any "R." Go home.
Hey, baby hands, you and your family barely live in the White House, so I wouldn't be talking.
Then he should be disqualified. I'd bet he's using someone's address in the district.
I think he'll be a good man, and in GA, who can tell what district you're in, they're so gerrymandered
Riggell did not either&  he had cookie cutter office help who sounded shallow- foreign or fakey-college local acted like a bad teacher .
At least he is isn't a Russian puppet. 
I hope you end up in jail!
Thats how I feel bout you
You shouldn't be in the White House!  You are a fraud!
"Just learned" ... Some would call that problematic.
Since when does moving from your home to support your partner's medical career aspirations disqualify you from still caring about your home?
You're not even a Republican, dummy..Stop Lying.
It's not a rule that he has to live in the district.

This is how you feel when loudspeaker cry at 5 AM in the morning  
You're #POTUS but you don't live in the real world!
you're too nosey to be a great President!
If you can play golf every weekend in FL, Jon can live one town over. I challenge you to spend one month in the WH w/out leaving. You can't
So? You don't live in the White House. Resign. #Putinspuppet
Seriously?  How many nights have you spent away from the people's house?
Lies!
You might as well be saying, drooling brainwashed religious idiots, get out and vote!
Republicans, Democrats, and independents vote against Trump.
At least he's showing up to work. Unlike some presidents who spend all their time golfing. @Ossoff
You live on a golf course and not in the Whitehouse!
Like you, and especially Melania, don't live in the white house?
nepotism much?
@EricTrump @ossoff WRONG!  #idiot #melaniaisahooker #flotusisawhore #getyourfactsright #deportflotus
*you dont live in the white house.
@tommcclintock doesn't live in his district either. Why not get grumpy with Tom?
Who shielded thought against a vein, a live vein that decides sanity out of oath.
And YOU don't live in Washington DC three days out of EVERY DAMNED WEEK.
#hypocrisy #hypocrite
I like when you learn things. Learn to speak should be next on that bucket list. And maybe add learn to be president, also
Where are you living?
Did you grow up in Mar-a-Lago
Liar
What are you worried about? Don't you have more important issues at hand?
Just learned how many conflicts of interest you and your brats have !!
Just learned we're paying out of our asses for your so-called wife to live in NYC.
So? Nobody likes you, nothing has changed.
How often do you work in your District? 
You really need to keep up.

Well, you don't live in the real world and somehow got into the WH, so...
#MAGAhatsMadeInChinaAndTaiwan

#Trumphasnocredibility

#ElectAClownExpectACircus
Our Republican representative doesn't live in our district. Should we be angry?
You are so weak. You don't live in the real world and yet somehow you're @POTUS WTAF
Melania trying to be First Lady, Doesn't even live in the White House. Isn't even from the US. #ThrowingstonesinaGlassHouse
going to a run off ! No democratic win ! More snowflake tears !
Just learnedYep, just learned something 
First of all, it's not a requirement for running for a House seat. Secondly, you live in the White House and have done NOTHING for America!
Just learned that our POTUS doesn't even know he is supposed to place his hand over his heart for National Anthem.
Neither does Todd Rokita in Indiana
Actually, he does now, moved to Brownsburg in 2015/2016
Can you please learn what country you bombed, who the dictator of N. Korea is and what your job is? #FlipThe6th
And you live in Russia, sad
Sounds like another illegal living and working where they don't belong? Lol
you have been doing a lot of learning lately, amazing how stupid you are at 75...
OMG are you serious? When you have somehow, unbelievably, become President of the US, and YOU don't even live in DC?
Invest in trains. NJ transit ride  to your home town is hell. Forget Georgia. Think of American people who just want 2 get 2 work safely
so...mel doesn't live in the White House! Kind of shuts your mouth, eh!
You don't live in this reality; which is worse?

(And besides that, you're lying about where he lives.)
Ossoff moved a mile away to support his girlfriend in medical school. Apparently, some men support women. #TrumpJustLearned
Sounds like something 13 year old spoiled girl would say
Just learned that liberal's are still stuck on stupid
Jon Ossoff has a much higher rating than you! You have the lowest rating of any President at this time in their presidency SAD! USA!
Liar.
Ossoff lives in the district and you're pants are on fire. Now, let's see those tax returns.
And your wife and kid don't live where they should either. Your point?
Dude you don't even live in the whitehouse...leave @ossoff alone!
You are probably going to get lucky here but I would still be plenty concerned
And the First Lady isn't living in DC either
Did not matter Mr President he will be a loser in June
This news is stated about them all during Elections for 100s of yrs. You must not have read once in your life
You are such a liar.
and yet he still won!
