Or finding a solution with North Korea ?

Good job sir
Why do we need this?

When we expected tweets from you, you were quiet.
Protest in NYC is growing
just brushing my teeth ready for bed 
The resistance shall be waiting
sorry I almost forgot, you have 1254D 18H 36M left to do something about that huge #nationaldebt. #TickTock
Say hi to all the protesters waiting for you!
Unfit. You gotta go.
You're a stain on this great county. History will not be kind to you.
And with my defense attorneys
OK the bunkers nearly ready you and Ava can jump right in
No one cares #Resign
Military purchases what are you planning on buying? Can it be made in the USA?
Thank You For Trying to help Our nAtion
 The lins and media will never speak well of you no matter What you say or do.ahhh!
Welcome home sir!

Can you please resign from being president? If you do, you'll have more time to GOLF AND TWEET! #WinWin
Big Deal!!! You're doing the damn job you're supposed to be doing!!! Stop tweeting!
I don't exactly know what that is.

Such a big boy!
Don't forget your juice boxes
And crayons.
Thank you for working so hard! We appreciate you 

safe travels Mr. President 
Hope your toilet and shredder is working. Looking to destroy some evidence? Mueller check this out. All of a sudden going to Trump Tower.
God Be With You 
NAZI
Oh we are so excited! Look at your réplica WAITING FOR U! Welcome HOME Don! We don't promise to make it pleasant!
And waiting....
MAGA
Saving BILLIONS on military deals & trade. Other politicians would have just signed the contract. Trump the businessman knows better. Nice!
Meanwhile, in Democrat liberal-land, they are focused on dividing America with false claims of racism. Keep working POTUS, we got your back!
False claims
Welcome Home crowds there waiting to let you know your Nazi ways are hated....
Shouldn't that be done at the Pentagon?
President Trump has made our Military STRONGER than ever before!
He hasn't passed any regulations regarding military....
3 Years, 5 Months, 5 Days, 18 Hours, 37 Minutes, and 42 Seconds
Until my SECOND term!
Ego!  Self serving!   Stop bullying. Stop campaigning. Stop pointing fingers. Do your job and be a man.  Embarrassment
Just leave!!!!!! #34% approval
I dont think the historical salute should be taken down if so why not take mlk down.What has happen to our country your a great president.
I love u....Nancy Memphis
Leaving for New York City and meetings on military purchases and trade....
Glad you are in on the negotiations. Will be wtg to hear how you did with those greedy folks.
We don't want you here.
Is it wrong to pray for a fiery plane crash? I'm torn.
There are innocent Secret Service people on the plane.
I'm looking for one death. Everyone else survives. Two if Pence is also on the aircraft
Let me guess, you have meetings with prosecutors looking to indict you. At least I hope!!!
Your breeding hate crimes across the country. Disgusting.
On the campaign trail you specifically told your KKK supporters to attack protesters.  You have blood on your hands.
Mr. 32%, you will soon be Mr. 15%
Watching you versus Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama condemn these attacks shows America how much trouble we are in
Hysterical hysteria! 
#Putinbot
#nutjob
can yoi help me to whay benifits my mother should have. she is a survivor n a widow od US veteran.
#russiagate #Russia #Trumprussia #trumpgate #NotFitToServe
you never rest sir
HE DOESNT HAVE TIME TO HELP THIS COUNTRY THAT OBAMA MESSED UP AND THE REST OF THE DEMS. TRUMP SUPPORTER.
Retweet if you think Congress should take the Nuclear Codes away from Trump!!
America didn't elect a social media whore!  We elected a President, so why don't you go do Presidential things...
You should take a lesson from this man's book.
America wants a leader, not a drama queen for gods sake!
Why can't you be more like Obama?
Why would we we want a strong leader and turn him into an anti-American WUSS
Is that what he's doing?  #Russiagate #RussianCollusion #MuellerTime
Your so brain washed FOOL 9 MONTHS no evidence only FAKE NEWS we won
Hope you dont come back
Good morn my pres good luck as if u need it!
#nobodylikesyoutrump
Your wrong half the world does.Trump supporter. I WOULD HATE TO SEE OUR COUNTRY IF HILLARY WAS PRESIDENT  OBAMA WAS TERRABLE PRESIDENT.
don't stop believin #Trump2020 #BuildThatWall 4
Just be honest Don!...you are popping back to one of your Micheal Jackson rooms in Trump Hillock. Downtown. Juarez. Quaffing beaver eggs. Fake clownshoe.
Thank you President Trump for all you do. Keep up the great work.
GOOD TWEET.IT A SHAME THE REST OF THE DUMB ASSES  CANT SEE THAT.
Where is your alleged wife?
THAT ISNT ANY OF YOUR BUSINESS. SHE IS SO BEAUTIFUL. IT ASHAME MICHELE DIDNT LOOK HALF THAT GOOD THEY ALL ARE BEAUTIFUL.
You are crazy he is a great president. Trump supporter.
#resignnow
U might be saying that if hillary was president Obama was bad enough i couldstand   looking at him he made me sick.Trump supporter.
Stay strong, I'm praying for you.
Good tweet.trump supporter.
man, why you gotta fuck up an amazing city like New York
I AM SURE IT WAS ALREADY F.... UP.Trump supporter.


Miller to Duke. He had to say something don't worry your kind are or will be protecref
More hard-earned taxpayer money being wasted.
But still you haven't said my son's name. He died Aug 5th. You owe every Marine respect but couldn't care less about our pain
Say hi to the protesters waiting on you....
And what's your commission on those military purchases and trade, tiny hands? 48 hours to denounce members of your base? SENILE!
WELCOME HOME
Oh they ain't gonna love you in NYC no more, don't take kindly to Nazi sympathizers I hear!
At least the president is cutting deals and working each day - not like OBAMA showing his kids new places flying around the world - useless
Lmfaooooooo!! They HATE YOU in NYC
BFD. Your presidency is a complete failure.
Gets some good deals potus.i don't think a hammer should cost fifty http://dollars.lol 
Why won't you explicitly condemn Nazis and white nationalists?
Idiot!
SAFE TRAVELS MR PRESIDENT
https://www.facebook.com/Saving-Babies-From-Autism-1477545825595313/ …  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fi-Y_N6qDPs … / https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JpjAo3DcmKY … /  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DdKC18OEeak&t=10s … /   SAVE OUR BABIES ITS TIME FOR THEM
BRING ME A 700$ TOILET WHICH WORKS!  A FLYING SAUCER WHICH FLIES....AN OFF WORLD VACATION WHERE HUMANS NOT AROUND...ADVANCED ALIENS INSTEAD!
Who cares?
Everybody hates you. How does it feel?
New York hates you.
NOW --TRAITOR--EXPECT-CONGRESS-SENATE-TO BE FIRE BOMBED-WITH SLINGSHOTS,CROSSBOWS,ETC.CIA.FBI-NSA-HOMELAND-SECURITIES,TRAITORS WILL DIE.FACT
Stay there!
Myself and many other Americans would like to see our WWII surplus brought back. Obama blocked it, will you?
Just Leave.
Take care, Mr. President!
Love how you spend taxpayers money jetting back and forth.  Three places in one day, and nobody wants you in any of those places
Buy American

34 percent approval number compared with past presidents #morningjoe 
POTUS is it wise to advocate 4peace globally yet instigate a war wit Kim..wat mixed msg does that potray?
Trump. Please stay and don't come back to our beautiful White House. We don't want you there to contaminate it any more than you have.
be sure to burn the evidence mueller wants
You must be going for cake. Unfortunately you are unable to help our country. You are clueless and an embarrassment to this country.
Hope you get a warm welcome from your 'fans' in NYC. #sneakinthebackdoorlikearat
And apparently White Supremacy!
May God be with u always!!!

Keep sucking
Who cares!  Stop tweeting nonsense! Obviously too much time on ur hands!
New York City doesn't want you. Why don't you do us all a favor and head right for Russia instead? #MuellerIsComing #ImpeachTrumpNow
I must have missed the follow-up stuff on 'military purchases'...
@realDonaldTrump please stay away
Thats what Twitter is designed for, tel what you are doing at the moment
That's not so difficult. He's twittering.
Please do your best to not blow us up

He is scare of New York 
More money for the military complex
it was an ANTIFA who killed a BLM member and neither group had a lawful permit to be there protesting in the first place.
@TrumpMyPres I'm sorry you were greeted by unhinged protestors who don't even know what they are protesting . Only making
Will you have the Army get rid of the Barretta 9mm and purchase the 45 cal. Again. Preferably American made like Colt or Smith&wesson
Coward
Stay there.
Nope
Right.  Not golf
Here's a thought @realDonaldTrump, you resign & stay in NY & leave the governing of the USA to others since you suck at it. #DumpTrump

You are so 20th century.
Everyone knows your hair is a comb_over. You fool only yourself. #fool
You should delete your twitter account.
Good night Mr. President, thanks for seeing our military service men and women as your family too!!!
Everyone here hates you.
Ignore the haters and just keep making America great again! Keep up the good work!!!
Did u forget  to take ur meds today ? Or is this from eating lead paint chips  as a child oh sorry baby u are a child now
Yawn.
Pick up some bread and milk on the way back please.
  GOD BE WITH YOU
        AS YOU #MAGA ONE DAY AT A TIME 
Make sure to go outside. Everyone loves you there 
And also thousands outside of Trump Tower identifying you as the president who empowers nazis and the KKK ! Great work! Smh
You mean the city that you lied to and broke your deal with when you negotiated that hotel? (you know) And the city that voted for HRC 79%?
You DO realize the thousands there to greet you were protesters, right?
Home is where the heart is
Or to dump a bunch of files etc before the next raid on Trump tower
leave the country and never come back.
@realDonaldTrump  "Military Purchases" is code for how many deals can I cut to enrich my benefactors and my friends and family. #Treason
good habit
Looks like lots of fans will be there to greet you. Also, NYC hates you.
Bring back orders for manufacturing jobs and boost the economy more!
Perhaps if the Police had approached the two groups unlawfully assembling for their permit they could have been turned away
You're a terrorist You're a terrorist You're a terrorist You're a terrorist You're a terrorist You're a terrorist You're a terrorist
Text me when you land x
Why go to meetings, Lil Donnie? You know that no one listens to you or cares what you think anymore. You wouldn't understand meetings anyhow
Did they give U the folder w/the pics of U winning,  and people in red hats cheering? UR a child playing War Games w/real people.#RESIGN

TRUMP LOVES RACIST
TRUMP LOVES WHITE SUPREMACISTS
AND THEY LOVE HIM
#TrumpSupporters #Charolettesville #trumpnazis 
…
Who gives a fuck?
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, donnie douchebag.
More vacations! Remember when you said that you wouldn't leave the WH because you would be too busy??? You have been away more than there.
How was the meeting trumpy? X
the alt right nice people? Stupidity! U r crazy. Just step down. U r posion.
Stay in the WH and have these discussions.  Did you know you can save taxpayers millions of dollars?  #fakepresident
Give it rest Donald
By military purchases, you mean support to veterans and veteran hospitals correct?

We need the new beretta that got turned down. It isnt the gun our guys hate its the little high recoil 9mm go with 40sw.
Then why the hell did you fly to DC. What a waste of taxpayer dollars
Russia purchasing the US military?  They already bought a US president.
http://washingtonjournal.com/2017/08/14/trumps-doj-just-demanded-personal-info-1-3-million-visitors-anti-trump-website/ …
Leave our city alone!!
Stay safe. This country needs you more then ever
So many nut cases, so little brains.
