How does blaming everyone and taking no responsibility yourself #MAGA? President Obama was much better and showed class the whole time.
That's the question we have been asking Obummer and the Dumbacrat's , but I guess that's asking too much of them!!!  #MAGA
Normal people hate being lied to. Trump supporters either don't mind it or don't know any better. Usually the latter.
If you like your doctor you can keep your doctor.  Benghazi was caused by a video.  I found out about the private server in the media. Lies
He also lied about payments to Iran, biggest liar in history.
if its fake release your taxes , sorry were not going to look the other way and this IS'NT just going to go away
It is not the law to release taxes. Post yours!
Release your taxes?  This is what’s bothering you.
Oh just one of the many lies from trump.  But yes.  If he has nothing to hide .... but we all know he does , and you are complicit......
When will Mueller validate how and why Russia story had roots in Susan Rice and Obama illegal surveillance for political influence?
On last day/ 18 months from now. Should do it next week, my opinion 
Yeah coming back to this one... really a 70 yr old man hurling insults as POTUS? Sad little scared boy in there somewhere? Mommy luvs u Don
.....But Daddy  Didn't.

Is this really the president if the US or a cornered rodent?  One wonders
Stop name calling and start leading, please. You are the president, not a bitter high school teenager.
Leading extremely well he is.
IT TAKES A LITTLE BULLY TO CREATE NICKNAMES FOR OTHERS  SO HE CAN FEEL LIKE A BIG BOY. WTG BULLY
Like what you just did?
#REDHERRING #HOWSTUPIDDOYOUTHINKWEARE #IMPEACHTHEORANGE
Really your gonna make fun of his sleepy eyes, agent orange
Why? Because only your base, 20% of US adults 18+, is dumb enough to believe your preposterous lies. #FreePress
We believe the FISA court, Snowden, Manning.  They provided evidence.  Your preposterous denial is silly
release your taxes & prove it's fake. It's that simple. Especially with how many of your staff with Russian ties
When will you grow up and start acting Presidential?
Why would the President of the United States call people names, so childish
We've come to terms with you not being able to act like a president. But you can't even behave like an adult.
Chuck is going 2 cover whatever the democrat party tells him to. I'll bet big money is paid to anchors that stay in line& deliver 4 liberals
Maybe never! After all, if you're trying to change the subject, he's probably on the right track. Chuck, Keep Digging!
The News media tells ppl what they want them 2 hear& they believe it! Called brainwashing. Rush Limbaugh & Hermain Cain news, 1s 2 watch.
Lol lol !!!
You are the stupid one.  What have you done to make our country great again?  We want to hear!
You make me sick #NotMyPresident
When will you resign? Or will we have to just vote you out of office the old fashion way?
Sleepy Chuck has thin skin he can dish it out but cannot take it.

Proof?
Now you ask? With so much info readily available?
because the Obama surveillance scandal is fake. Trump/Russia story is real news
when you stop lying about pretty much everything my orange friend. So 'never' looks likely.
There is no Obama surveillance scandal, Donald. The real scandal is your apparent collusion with Russia to steal an election.
Because your Russia connection is not fake.

Donald Trump,  release your tax and grow up. We the American people are tired of all your Schinaniga with #RUSSIAAFFAIRS
Thanks for the robust economy, low unemployment, increased security, and strength. Messing with the Dems on the weekend  also a delightful bonus too. Good job Me President.
#SleepyEyes is kinda sensitive for a guy who likes to take shots at @POTUS every chance he gets. #FakeNews
The Criminal in Chief sounds off again
Go get 'em Mr. president. Soooo happy you are in office!
I hope your escape pod is all fitted out. They're coming for you, and they WILL get you. Mazel tov!
Doubtful
Unlike the surveil story (Sources prove justified), there's also proof of your COLLUSION. That's why. You'd be 1st Pres to commit treason.
when will insecure 6 year old POTUS stop name calling and try to be half the man Obama is.#snowflake
Surveillance no scandal, Russia big scandal. Mr Trump, you own it!
Mr President, you are acting like a disease.  You attack anyone who does not fit in your circle (body).  Why are you so afraid about Mueller checking your finances? The little negative moves against Russia are will backfire and Russia will put your business in the street.
Damn I love you, Mr. President #KeepAmericaGreat

soon as WW3 starts. think that's been the plan for awhile, world pop going to double soon air getting bad, responsibilities responsibilities
When the truth comes out and chances are it won't be from Trump!
@realDonaldTrump: in deep with russia: properties, intel ties, etc. See taxes for proof. Quid pro quo for russia
Comey already shot down your Obama spying fantasy, so you really need to get over it.
maybe when there is a REAL  Obama Surveillance Scandal,rather than one made up to deflect from trump/Russia story
oh just stop donny .Your head is so far up Putin's butt you got shit in your ears instead of earwax. You are the guilty one
When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and @NBCNews start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake ...

Are you kidding me?  Are you 12?  "Sleepy Eyes", "Low energy Jeb", "Crooked Hillary", "Little Rocket Man" "Pocahontas" "Cryin' Chuck"? "Crazy Bernie" "Lying Ted"...  Name calling?  Someone in your position.  My God.  You are SO embarrassing.
Pay no attention to the man behind the orange skin who always tries to tweet alternative facts just to turn our attention somewhere else!!!!
they have nothing, they must invent fake news in a feeble attempt to distract from DEMS epic failures and swirling as they go down the tubes
Because Obama surveillance is fake news and the Russian story is real, albeit sad news.
Once again proving what a POS you really are

Rip Van Chuckie needs to be a man. Stop falling on the victim sword Chuck Todd it's tough language maybe, but you really fail at delivering REAL news.
No class, no style. If only his parents had used a condom
The thing thats fake is you 45. If  @POTUS44 cared about our democracy then like he does now, raising concerns about what we stand to lose, HE should have done something  about it. IT WAS HIS DUTY TO PROTECT OUR COUNTRY FROM THIS DUMMY.
on the literal and symbolic level, Donald has a micro-penis
#Mueller is coming for you #Trump .
But first he's going to get your terrible, Traitorous kids, and the rest of your crime family.
Obama is a WRAP!!  The SPOTLIGHT IS ON YOU BLUNDERS! DIDN'T U GET THE MEMO?
Give it up. Your tricks of diversion don't work anymore.
I told my Mom I hate Chuck Todd and she said she raised me better, she can't stand him on his show either though, I stopped watching it!
Maybe once it doesn't sound like some crap a dullard child made up to get the adults attention and failed?
hey Don, ur campaign promise was no foreign intervention & war? How will WWIII #maga? Uve done a 180 dude! Explain please!!

You might have sleepy eyes too if you did anything more than watch tv, tweet and golf
Never they only report fake news.
They will never do that. Just watch how they will push you to go to war & put off your growth agenda. Tax cuts, jobs real focus now.
It's only 'fake' because it's about you and you don't like that the noose is getting tighter.
No evidence to Obama surveillance. Lots of evidence to Russian ties. 
Fake president, fake stories.  Your world & reality are not the same.
How can you, king of fake news talk about any other source besides fox for being fake news. This country so divided thanks to you
No one believes you. Laughable
I'd like just 5 minutes with.  I have a refreshing view on life being British/ Aussie, America ridealongs
You and Russia are generating the Fake Stories as a form of DEFLECTION!
Deflection is your middle name..... dude. SAD!
Stop with the Russian story no one believes it anymore, that's why your ratings are in the tank NBC. Honestly, enough already.
right about the same time the DOJ starts issuing arrest warrants ;)
OMG you "sleepy eyes chuck Todd"??? You are a delusional bully who is pretending to be president and FAILING. YOU should be locked up 
The Trump/Russia story has got boring old news. Obama/Hilary clan don't like the fact your the President and doing a better job.
No matter what you try to do, you can't turn our eyes away from fact ur in bed w/Putin. That won't go away. #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia
Because it's pissing you off. Very soon TRUMP will unleash a distraction..I am sure. Oh wait, he is currently doing that.
Never...that is their previously cooked up fake news narrative.  All stations reporting same w/ exception of FNC
grow up and stop with the fake unless you are using it with your name. I am tired or you. STEP DOWN you nasty person.
You really should drop this surveillance fiasco. Everyone knows it's just a diversion. You're screwed and I think you know it
It was documented by the FISA court.  Obama is screwed.  MAGA
Right. If Fisa gave authorization to keep tabs on Trump et al then there must have been enough evidence to warrant it. MAGA - dump TRUMP!
Donald, maybe when you stop lying to we the American people,  and also, stop being a disgrace,  and distrusted to our democracy.
LOL!!!! Love Trump!!! #MAGA
When will you start being a real president worthy of the office and worthy of our country
after you're safely behind bars.
When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and @NBCNews start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake Trump/Russia story?
Maybe because the Obama surveillance scandal is Fake! And your ties to Russia has credence
Donald, you think we R THAT dumb?? Americans demand a thorough investigation of your Russian collusion. Your distractions insult us. Stop it
U want the story to go away AND tens of millions of voters mistrust you AND evidence points to you lying/withholding/diverting. Gonna stay
Dont pick on Chuck, he knows more about politics then you do.
Are you going to be the first to use the pesticide on the White House lawn
Well now we know the president and corporate government owns the EPA
Do you have evidence to back up this impeachable statement? Hmmm? You do know this is a libelous and impeachable statement without proof??
The FISA court admonished the Obama administration for illegal surveillance.  It's not new, keep up.  Treason was Obama's
No, you need to keep up. Being admonished is not being found guilty. Treason is Trump's & has been since day he took money from the Russia
He sold a condo in Florida to a Russian Several years ago.  Hillary took money from 1/2 of the world in her pay for play scheme incl Russia
Oh horseshit. He took money from Russia for his campaign plus he's been laundering Russian money through his companies. Proof is coming out
He knows exactly what he is doing! Do not be naive.
The term "sleepy eyes" originated from Nazi propaganda as a way of identifying Jewish people.
"sleepy eyes" is an antisemitic slur
It is sad that you, the President of the U.S., stoops so low as to call people names and anti-semitic ones at that! Grow up! You should have better things to do than name calling!
Do you realize this is an antiSemitic slur? https://mobile.twitter.com/Stonekettle/status/988079616278585344 … @twitter this needs to be removed. This is abhorrent.
I did not know "sleepy eyes" was an anti-Semitic slur. 

When I was told such here on Twitter, I went and looked it up.…
The term “sleepy eyes” originated from Nazi propaganda as a way of identifying Jewish people. But its use became more widespread over the last few decades, when white supremacist media like Stormfront began using it. #PresidentBigot #Sad
"Sleepy Eyes" Everyone knows that is an anti sematic slur right? Everyone knows that the Nazis used this term to describe Jews right? Trump knew it when he said it I am positive this is not just a slip. How Israel can support Trump is beyond me.
Your inner NAZI showing up again?
Did you read about Hitler while Melania was smiling at a black guy?

#YouAreHitlerWannaBe
That's because TRUMP/RUSSIA is REAL... obama surveillance NOT real.  enjoy the office while you can you "son of a B***H
When your watching TV from the commans room, in prison.
Will overweight, misogynist 45 ever tell a truth? over 2500 lies and counting. Only he believes in his BS.  Fake, we the American people doubt it
And you r a lying SOB....
He can't, it won't go w his narrative which is to hate you Trump. That's all Todd has, is hate
When are you going to start acting like a President, and less like a d**k-head?!
Why don't you just shut the #$%^ up????
All hail to King Trump. Love the Trumpster.    4 more years.
The guys turned socialist on America.  Constitution...what’s that?  Come on Chuck stop with the fake news crap and come back to the real America!
Good question.
#trumpisafakepresident
Trump is 70 years old and acts like a 4 year old...can we find an 8 year old to shove this 4 year old in a locker and leave him them for...3 years..#trumpisadisgracetoamerica
Goodness gracious, GROW UP AND stop trying to distract with your never ending insecure references to @POTUS44 or Senator Hillary Clinton... so far you've nothing substantial.
Go GET'EM big D if they can't stand the heat they can get out of the kitchenby the way who and the hell cares about their sensitivities, they sure as hell don't care about us while they supported the political  thieves while they were ripping us off





They won’t they are puppets mr President
I love how you call out all the idiots on MSM.  I tune in once in awhile and can’t believe the nonsense they call news.  Liberals need mental help.
When people stop getting indicted and turning states evidence.
Can't wait until your FAT *** is in jail, you treasonous traitor.. OH and BTW. A backdoor to Russia..Seychelles..Eric Prince AKA Betsy DeVos's brother.. A very tangled web of lies you weave.. The noose is tightening
#RipVanChuckie needs to fall on the victim sword. Be a man, toughen up, kids don't watch news. You should be focused on Real news like Dems corruption under Obama
Love it... sleepy eyes Chuck Todd.
Well tell us about the @StormyDaniels story. We'd love to hear about that.
Has Hell frozen over yet?
yeah ... sleepy eyes and others are bringing your admin down ....   soon .... tick tick tick
As soon as there's an actual surveillance scandal you might get your wish, too bad it doesn't exist 
Full blast POTUS! Clean up this sleepy eyes, hypocrites and other fake news
ORANGE TURD!!!!!
I see.  Trump wants to accuse his accusers.  The media expose his corruption.
YOU ARE GOING TO J-A-I-L!!!
SOO SAD trump made a ASS of HIMSELF AGAIN LITTLE HAND MAN HATES EVERYONE HIS FOLKS DID AWFUL JOB RAISING HIM BUT BET EMBARRASSED HIS MOM AND DAD
I see @realDonaldTrump can't keep Obama's meat out of his mouth
When will you stop acting like a 7 year old?
Take off your hair piece and let's see what you really look like without it.
You are going down!!!!! Ha Ha Ha Ha
When will you stop bullying everyone who doesn’t bow down to you. You make a mockery of the seat you hold.
Only thing fake was the Obama Surveillance Scandal, President Dennison
I'll be glad when you're giving sound bites during visiting hours from federal prison.
In the real world there is no Obama surveillance scandal.
No matter how much you and your stupid anti-American Supporters want it to be.
However there is a
Stormy Daniels scandal
A Russian collusion scandal
A money laundering scandal
An election scandal...
So what are you hiding? $130K transfer to your fix it guy?  How about those taxes, FAKE AUDIT!  Taking credit for this economy that is the REAL FAKE NEWS!!  When you take the stk mkt from 7800 to 22K then you can talk. Unemp frm 10% to 4% @POTUS44 did it not you!!!
You are a bully with nothing to offer America. Quicker you quit/get impeached the better.
Actually, that's a very good question. When exactly will the MSM talk about the scandals surrounding Obama & hillary? Again getting a pass from the media...wow...you guys are shameless hacks
News Media will never talk their silence tells the truth! Guilty! And Shummers reading Glasses are sliding down his long nose. I Don't know what too think he is so strange.
Maybe when you start telling the truth.
When will you SHUT UP?
......Point Blank Period!
Spoken like a 12 year old. You've never met him and your sick comment is based soley on what the anti American, anarchist media has told you
How much longer can this last? Puttin himself said no such thing.Sad,news has to LIE to get a story.Do these ppl want Hillary?Can they read
Obama must be jailed for his crimes.
This apology needs added to the list and why is Podesta so quiet? Keep tweeting! Ask all your friends to send compliments please! All U DJ!
Viciousness  @IvankaTrump
Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd >> Toupee dood
Yea
You made a fool of yourself when you said Obama wasn't an American and now you're trying this stupid surveillance accusation
becaseu rfake
You  made the Obama thing up. You should be fired and locked up.
never
Probably when Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL becomes real and Trump/Russia story becomes fake - jackass. #ImpeachTrump
You're trying to deflect about your involvement with Russia. Smh
