So all the other meetings weren't serious?!?!?!
why does everyone look like they're sleeping through the serious meeting
He's working for free. Stop your bitching!
Trump does nothing 4 free, what planet do you live?  Trump & family making fortune in WH
As opposed to other "non-serious" ones where they played Trumpy-May-I and Candyland?
I'm sorry but arent all Cabinet meetings serious? Or do some have clowns and .. .. .. nevermind.
It's the Trump admin.  They seem to have an abundance of clowns for meetings and any occasion
These are people's lives that are at stake. Are you Libs so obsessed with losing the election  that your souls have been ripped out?
No Trump is a clown as are a majority of his cabinet and I'm sure we will see that on display in a day or so down in FL snowflake.
So your hatred for the sitting president is stronger than your concern for the residents of Florida, your fellow Americans. Intolerance.
Oh yea besides this is your Sky Wizards plan why should we interfere with his lesson.
Your disrespect for the faith of 75% of Americans is one of the reasons why you lost the presidency. How pathetic. #LiberalIntolerance
Never in American history have we had a family like the @Trump's that handle everything with grace and dignity!
Jacob, have you ever seen grace & dignity in action? Neither has 45.

Just remember while Trump is enjoying another vacation, millions of Floridians who cannot afford to evacuate helped pay for it.
We also need to stop sending politicians & ambassadors to other countries until we can THINK RIGHT.
Take the beam our our own eyes first


Trying to find an open golf course. They look like they are reading something-hope it's the Constitution.
It's the Obama foursome and those Aholes are reading Alinsky's "Rules for Radicals"!
Or maybe "The Art of The Meal " - Trump's new book

Trump Adviser: After 7 Mos, He Realizes 'People Really F*cking Hate' Him https://buff.ly/2jeyfGP  Auntie hates Brussel Sprouts. DISPISE #DJT 
Prayer back in The White House  @POTUS
prayer = conscious recognition of your inability to deal with reality and a wish for an imaginary solution.

You need #climate action to prevent more #irma #harvey #jiose #katie and so on.

But the President is not interested.
I think deforestation is the worst thing human activity do to climate change, not CO2 emissions because natural processes produce it to
Good move pulling out of that #ParisClimateAccord, huh?
Are there unserious cabinet meetings too?!
Camp David, this is a peace agreement between Egypt and Israel, which the Jews resorted to after the 1973 defeat by Egypt
As opposed to "Unserious" cabinet meeting? It it the greatest, most powerful cabinet meeting? A cabinet meeting like we have never seen?
Gee, @SecretarySonny, we thought all cabinet meetings were serious--you make it seem as though that is not the case. What gives?
Yeah, I  did that, too – on my weather app. Government Fail.
Why would this be a serious mtg? You mean other cab mtgs aren't? 
The Cabinet of Criminals and Fools
No that was the last guys
Phew - so glad you're on it with a "serious" meeting! While you're at it, do us all a favor and resign. #MAGA
Your name FITS

Are you saying other meetings have not been serious?
No that this meeting was serious not detracting from any other meeting. Are you saying you don't understand the English language.
Thanks for confirming my point that every other meetings has been a distraction.
King jester & Linda, Get Your Asses Out There  and Help !!!!!!!
Nothing but Whites...#MAGA
Are other cabinet meetings not serious?
WE LOVE OUR PRESIDENT , WE ARE SO BLESSED TO HAVE YOU SIR!! THANK YOU FOR CARING ABOUT AMERICA!!
I'm sure djt is leading them in a prayer that Maralago is not harmed! Where would they golf then? #richassholes
Not to worry...The Federal government is paying the disaster insurance in the event that Mar A Lago is damaged!

The Trump brand is getting further tarnished with each day you remain in office. Resign and Repair the Trump Brand the worst brand there is
Prayer. That's where it's at. #MAGA
More imaginary nonsense.
Could have been done in DC instead of the taxpayer footing the bill for @POTUS to have another fucking vacation while people in FLA suffer.
How many did Obama and his transgender wife take ?
Remember Steve, there are stupid questions, and you will never be able understand the answers. Better hurry back to your hate rally
Serious?
Dont forget the firefighters in the West, PLEASE!!
Serious & Cabinet meeting in Trump administration is an oxymoron. The last Cabinet meeting entailed the kissing of Trump's...ring! #mueller
Why don't you grow up and stop acting like a child.
No words - actions speak for themselves. https://apnews.com/1fefeef4a4e84fa4af6441f4b6d221f0 …
Thinking of all in Florida who REALLY need help. #Trump #Hurricane
Chocolate milk served? For sake of #hurricane victims, hope someone w/ EXPERIENCE/KNOWLEDGE is in attendance.
Dear @SecretarySonny, is #HurricaneIrma enough reality for you?  (Source: Wikipedia)
U know when u prayed up that storm? Apparently you needed to specify HOW much rain, WHEN & WHERE it should come down.  for #Florida.
She has 1.69M followers? What the .... ?? Just goes to show ya ...
https://twitter.com/AnnCoulter/status/906876843667619840 …  #HurricaneIrma
HURRICANE UPDATE FROM MIAMI: LIGHT RAIN; RESIDENTS AT RISK OF DYING FROM BOREDOM
And our #FakePresident follows her !
YES, along with other "what the ... " winners like Bill O'Reilly, Hannity + his businesses. A look at his REAL interests (not America).
11 followers, 329 following
This bot is bad at math too, DonnieTwoScoops.
Talking about how to keep denying climate change?
Because never in history, prior to industrialization, were there hurricanes 
Never in history have we had 5 at once, 3 of which are category 5.
2015- 15 hurricanes, 7 were major. 
1950 -  11 hurricanes, 8 were major. 

The list goes on, doc
Hang in there Mr. President. We appreciate all that you are doing for the U.S.A. God Bless you !
Donnie thought prayer bubble: 'Dear Lord person. Please don't let them know I only worship myself and money, and also kill Mueller. Amen.'
You couldn't help us prepare before Irma. We had no gas and minimal access to water. You're not fooling anyone. #HurrcaneIrma
Why would you expect this group to give a shit about normal ppl?
I don't but I won't accept the posturing as if they are helpful
May God give us faith in r selves in ur system and grant us a beacon of hope, r trials and tribulations r only that. Mr. President thank u.
34 followers, 184 following
Make the bots less obvious or demand a refund
Angry bot who loves emojis.
Check.
Favorite song?
In this entire thread, I found two (2) pro-DonnieTwoScoops comments which were not from obvious bots. One was answering a bot. Just saying.
Why are the @TRUMP's under investigation and not #CrookedHillary? Hillary shouldn't be doing a book tour, she should be in a deposition!
Her investigation is over.....Trump and his connections to Russia is still happening. Subpeonas submitted to six Trump aides by Mueller...
Her investigation was swept under the rug by the communist democrats. Trump/Russia investigation will go no where, just a waste of tax money
So what?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qVUSLxQyy9c … #SupportSmallStreamers
Glad to see you didn't have a light hearted cabinet meeting
Super serial, guys.

I love you idea to give them as little money as possible so you can have your tax cuts.  Good idea & Wall.  Let them eat cake.
And the possibility of another undeserved multi-million dollar insurance claim for @realDonaldTrump
You guys are in big trouble.
I hope theres a healthy outcome
Are not all Cabinet meetings "Serious?"
cool
Your tweet says you are tracking IRMA but the picture shows you just praying. Maybe do that on your own time and get to work
God Bless you Sir...God Bless the United States of America
414 followers, 1004 following
I think you're paying too much for your bots.
I don't use bots...What's your Game?
Stop talking in third party. You called a serious cabinet meeting, not potus. Although we know it was probably to discuss crowd size.
Oh look its Mr. Ethics violations @SecretarySonny! @potus really scrapped the bottom of the barrel to fill his cabinet w/slimey swamp slugs
So serious half of the staff slept in the meeting-@realDonaldTrump lies puts his @Cabinet to sleep!!! Great job at #MAGA
#Praying4DJT


Mr. President what is going on? Your first choice to remove America from the Paris climate summit was the right choice! Angry!!!!
@POTUS, giving them DACA will not help with Dems or fake Repubs, u need to use DACA to bargain for our wall or we won't get the wall
You mean there are some cabinet meetings that we should not take seriously? OK, got it Sonny!
Well, @POTUS doesn't mind working overtime!
next, trump will ask each one to say a few words of praise for him
You're right in fact this whole hurricane was staged to deflect from the Russia connection I just don't know how he does it
Giggle giggle giggle
Your boss is a child
Must be serious as they printed up name plates for everyone so they could remember who's who.
Oh and the Russian probe that will impeach the lot of you?  Good riddance to bad rubbish, Sonny and donnie.
RT @realDonaldTrump #Americans want #Congress & Govt. Slush Funds closed down: 1) #ACA 2) Climate 3) The FED 4) Import-Export Bk 5) #Ethanol
Trump is the psychopath that nobody dared to protest against! But, the globe dared! http://independent.co.uk/environment/ea … #TrumpResign #psychopath
And Donnie remains hopelessly lost.
He will die in prison.
Tick...
Tick...
Tick...
Tick...
Tick...
Tick...
Tick...
Tick...
Tick...
Tick...
So... rest of meetings are for fun?
That's our prez doing the business of the country. Always on top of things - multi-tasking/looking presidential. Eat UR hearts out haters!!!
please go back to a chicken house that is where you and the rest of this bunch belongs...traitors...
Ooh Serious. Can't imagine what the funny ones are like.
Another PHONY prayer session.....
OOOOw, it is a serious meeting !
That's special!!!
I'm in irma's path as I tweet. You can help by doing the job you stole.
Nice to see our elected officials praying.
One set of hands can accomplish more than a thousand hands in prayers 
Use HARP to change it.
All we can all do is deal with the damage, try to keep up and move forward.x. Hopefully that b# won't take another bite at the cherry.
Does stupid sit there & doodle on his notepad like a bored kid in a doctor's waiting room, waiting for the adults to finish?
As opposed to an 'un-serious cabinet meeting'?
@realDonaldTrump @Cabinet @POTUS No scientist or brain among u. If u r praying it won't work.Your actions don't match words.
So AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why trump slipping to left? $ given to katrina HAS NOT been found. Given c.c. to repair went on drugs booze.. hope dont make same mistakes
Aren't all cabinet meetings serious? Or is "running the gov't" usually a joke? That would explain a lot.
What she,s saying is true people need to grow up and let the man do his job
Why are you all sleeping when you should be working?...on second thought, keep sleeping.
Is anyone in their position even qualified?
I was raised in my era to respect the president no matter what party he belongs too. Maybe I'm missing something. Just saying
Thank you for your prayers and for putting people and families 1st.
5 followers, 24 following
Amateur bot...or is the term baby bot?
"Serious @Cabinet meeting" -- well that must be a FIRST!
Trump or 45 are u looking at what is going on at Voya the jobs are leaving the USA. Can u save them?
Bollemix are you
Love this pic.
where is stripper?  I can't see her.
Please quit tweeting & resign.  Yes, as you said to your aide, the majority of Americans who DIDN'T VOTE for U do "fucking hate" U.
Why-because u have broken the law, alienated our allies, colluded w/ Russia, corrupt, compulsive liar, irrational, incompetent & unfit

Our whole life we were taught to not have babies unless we can afford them,meanwhile we pay for our replacements
#DC https://twitter.com/NetworksManager/status/854688670892388352 …
@BBCBreaking @BBCWorld @DerSPIEGEL @FoxNews @MSNBC @CNN @cnnbrk @NBCNews @foxandfriends  What a leader -non corrupt politician!!  Trump
Is a high plains for the beaches Florida would flood b4 ca not like roomers say
"Serious".  As opposed to what?
Trump slept
Death to America
Just IMPEACH the orange cheeto already.  Then get on with prepping the new great president. Mr. Bernie Sanders
Trump talked about tax cuts. Not a good time to reduce the budget when billions will be needed to rebuild the states
Crusty old white men, half of them falling asleep on the job. Sad.
Super srsly
"Serious" Cabinet meeting today? As opposed to the usual laugh riots? Sheesh...
Is Trump seriously making his cabinet pray every time they meet? Up till a few months ago Trump rarely mentioned God! Now its all the time.

So Wonderful to See Our President and Cabinet Praying 
Amen!
I would hope all Cabinet meetings are serious.
Us vs them mentality has no place in the United States yet @realDonaldTrump continues to use division and fear as his favourite tools
This is without a doubt the worst cabinet in the history of American government. Everything they do makes us worse than before. #pathetic 
Ooooh, a "Serious" cabinet meeting. Very impressive!
It looks like they are praying.
The largest gathering of out-of-touch Nazis since early 1940s.
You misspelled "KKK meeting"
I noticed there wasn't the confusion that was during and after katrina hurricane with government agencies.

Mother Nature is definitely pissed off. You owe her an apology and belief in climate change. Time to act responsibly.
Where is Jared???
If the same effort you put into "PHOTO OPS " was put into real governing, wouldn't we all be better off? Eeh, nevermind, carry on. 2020 yet?
What's happening in this picture? Everyone saying a little prayer to Satan? You are the most evil group of officials since Hitler's gang.
Mr president please put a stop to this https://www.facebook.com/DavidAvocadoWolfe/videos/10154338555916512/ …
Yes, CLOSED Offc of International Climate & Technology, bc bothersome science would affect ur wallets? Hypocritical praying!  4 victims
From long list of things you've WRECKED SO FAR. (Source: http://Billmoyers.com , Aug. 31, 2017, http://billmoyers.com/story/what-trump-wrecked-so-far/ …)  4 victims #Trump
Hey! Have I missed something?Just seen @BarackObama tweet about 9/11 but cant seem to find Trumps tweet anywhere! Surely he didnt forget?
Aww... Go kill a chicken.
DID you discuss WEATHER MANIPULATION by chance??????????????? GEO-ENGINEERING???

Wow!  You all need hazardous duty pay. Pathetic.
Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Trump
Such a great cabinet.
You'd kind of figure that any Cabinet meeting would be "serious" and it shouldn't be necessary to say so. You thieving shills will be damned
Let me guess the 1st question was about Mar-A-Lago and how to save it
How are you doing today , i am here  for a serious relationship
IN THE NAME OF COMPASSION PLEASE PROVIDE SHELTER TO YOUR PEOPLE!
Florida residents call on Trump to open Mar-a-Lago as a shelter for hurricane victims. Trump's answer: NO 
Seriously

As a massive hurricane bears down on us, please remember that one American political party literally does not believe in science.
What, as opposed to the other not-so-serious cabinet meetings?
What an who are these people? These comments about cabinet mtg are disgraceful. How were you brought up? No morals no sense
Serious as opposed to what ??  The rantings of a mad man. 
Hey $hit 4 brains (@POTUS) When the Hell R U apologizing 4 this? Lie About Obama Wiretap, Investigation Concludes
As opposed to the last ones that where to discuss hookers, Muslims and what's for lunch #losercabinet
"Serious"? As opposed to the slap-stick shenanigans that usually go on in these meetings?
thanks for doing the jobs you are paid to do. fact is, none of you have much impact of Irma efforts then want to boast and take credit. sad.
Great photo op, makes it look like he gives a damn, even though he don't. #asshat
Why can't these things happen in Washington?  Why is this treated like wknd in Hamptons or something ?
Don't forget the most important topic!!  Which Cap to wear when visiting Florida, post-Irma?
Why didn't somebody call me?  I have a pen. I'm ready to help.
Any golfing done ?
Boy you all look tired. Maybe nap before going to work.
Anyone have the list of accomplishments?  Heads hang in shame 

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=vrOkKciPLrw …
All hat and no cattle.
Serious and POTUS are an oxymoron.
There all sleeping!! What a waste of protoplasm time n money. What a fake #Cabinet led by the king of #FakeNews #Trump #TrumpCrimeFamily
Typical "non serious" #Trump Cabinet meetings
Are they all napping? WTF?
Trumpers think we shouldn't criticize the Pres on this day, 9/11, which he's using to destroy our liberty & rights
Omg...I just looked at this closer ...are they praying ????!!! I want the people in charge problemsolving- not praying !!!!
That is the beginning you pray first for guidence so you can meet together and solve the problems.
That is also what is wrong with America our government is taking GOD out of everything, so we are now becoming Sodom and Gamora.
Do you have not serious cabinet meetings during disasters?  Goofy cabinet meeting today to discuss Irma...
Thank God for a praying leader! We support him & value his leadership.
Sad to see 911 Memorial Services being contaminated by our Fake President, Fake Republican and Fake Christian. He's only True to Lying. Sad!
Aren't all cabinet meeting serious?
And how these kind of climate change enhanced disasters will grow? That $3 billion to Paris Climate Green Fund looks like chicken feed, huh?
