See you at impeachment.
No matter how much you cry, if he has no reason to be impeached he  IS YOUR #POTUS..
Sex offender, emoluments clause, obstruction of justice, wage theft, violation of the civil rights act just to name a few
But all that lacks proof. Hard core proof, not hearsay.
GOD BLESS the UNITED States of America  The LORD is WITH you Mr PRESIDENT Stay well
No, the budget didn't pass. This was a budget resolution. Do you have even a modicum of understanding how the legislative process works?
I do not understand how the democrats can do nothing. If they worked with republicans it would benefit our country, and them.
May be payback for the republican obstructionism in Obama years. Benefits no one, but it's our system. Reps have majority, start moving.
The Dems running in 2018 can wave bye bye to their seats. MAGA
Press on my President! 
We must get a handle on spending! Love the tax cuts!
I thought Republicans cared about the deficit and the debt.
We used to! Not so much now apparently.
Responsible tax reform, at the very minimum, needs to be deficit neutral. This tax plan is reckless.
Why do you people not want to keep more of your money? Tax reform will increase revenue and we need to cut spending to go along with it.
We all need government for defence, police officers, fire fighers, emergency rescue, care for the elderly etc. And those things cost money.
It should be spent wisely and not recklessly. Most tax dollars are spent for votes not based on needs.
I agree. We need to fix that first. But eliminating waste fraud and abuse will not close the current deficit. Why create an even bigger one?
If this was a tax cut for illegals,guarantee they'd all be on board!All paid off with an agenda!
I’m from Kentucky and our children would compete against each other on opposing swim teams. Strange seeing him on TV in D.C.!
I guarantee you, that as a middle class American, I won't see one penny of a tax cut.
Wow, finally we got a budget. MAGA!
Pissing my tax money away as gifts to the wealthy and hurting seniors on the way. Terrible.

#alternativefacts = "Now that we've secured the funding to afford our tax cuts to the rich, we're looking to see who else we can screw"
Sir, Rand Paul is a very principled man. He's worth mentoring. He has backbone like you do. We are so proud of you!!!
Because you are not bi-partisan !!!
That's because it's tax cuts for the 1%. Like you deplorables always do. Blow up the deficit. Steal from the poor. Reverse Robin Hood.
That's right..ZERO votes creepy old man
You battle everyday for Americans!
THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY IS DONE STICK A FORK IN http://THEM.YOU  SEE THEM FOR THE IDIOT RACIST THEY ARE,THEY WILL NOT COMPROMISE
Yes, the Democrats understand that this is a scam that works against the interests of the American people. They are the only ones who care.
It’s really weird that the Dems have forgot the RealEconomy following the left failure-nonsense
Fuck yuo Donald dack
Well it would help if you weren’t a shitty President, oh no I’m gonna get blocked now
No worries about Credit, Blame and Significance. More worries about leading and inspiring. You Rock Sir Lead with faith.
Way to go ! PRESIDENT.  WE ARE FOR YOU!
D is rapidly becoming know for demonic twisted minds who feel they are entitled to live like devils & others must be perfect or invisible
It’s an obscene budget!  Take from the poor & elderly & give tax breaks to the 1% & corporations who are making record profits! Shame!
Win win win 
It’s a sad day. So many will lose needed care. People will die. This breaks my heart and makes me furious. You show you care only for wealth
Democrats are just a bunch of crybaby sore loser American hating immoral atheist criminal corrupt lawless pedophilia obstructionists
Stop being so nice


Tax cuts for the corporates and He's taking your health care and earned income credits from family's kid's. Classic rob peter pay paul
You will need plenty of dollars to deal with North Korea
great job now get the money out
you are such a liar. Nothing but a conman.
We got this
Drain the swamp Sir, keep up the good job and God bless you!
Rand wants SPENDING cuts Mr President! That’s how the swamp gets truly drained!
Good
God bless you Ur exellence for what you are doing for GOD in the united states
Good!  Maybe now we can see what you can do, not the previous President.  Of course if it fails, it will be someone else's fault.

...it will be fun to watch this get repealed next November.
GOOOODDDDDDD!!!!!!
I think you & the rest of the republicans backed the Koch Summit Group need to read the Declaration of Independence. You've gone too far
Rand Paul in the ONLY GOP Senator I trust. So WHY did he vote against? Corruption? Graft? Of course.
No middle class and I know ppl will leave USA. Why stay?USA made it Cheaper to live  everywhere else. Thx.
I can barely keep food on table. But ppl who make 500000 should not get taxed. Change what? Still same ole government  LIAR!!!!!
401k too. Omg...We can barely  save and now this? And I make good money but almost half goes to taxes every week already.
Allegedly. I'm just thinking all this. Lol. Hmm. But  it looks like they not backing u much tonight. Fingers start pointing. Lol.
Hi flip flopper.Ur own party gonna impeach u.What they hid during elections now they going to to try use to get u impeached. Funny. Karma
And GOP will pay the cost in the elections for their Hubris. Legislative to intentionally damage are democracy can be seen as  treason.
ok. good


Why don't you Mr President End The Fed the root of all evils
#trumpsawhitesupremacist #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist #TrumpIsAMoron #trumpisracist #fucktrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow #TrumpLies
Cut spending!!!!!!!
Zero votes should speak volumes to the Middke Class, Millennials & Seniors. We need independent thinkers helping move the US forward!
Congratulations     at last    .  Now the health  care .
Wow it's almost like u want 2 cheat & not try 2 convince members of party that may b ascendant soon &blame GOP 2 deflect UR failure 2 GOVERN
and it will have to be re-voted on once the House crafts a real bill & guess what? You're 5 votes short! No HC, no tax reform - Just failure
Your inability for bipartisanship agreement demonstrates your inability to negotiate.  Like trump university you are a fraud!   No skills!!!
That's because The Democrats aren't as crazy as jailhouse rats.
Rand paul . Just a swamp Rat } needs to go away ,maybe with Hillary to serve in the prison system.
And 20,000,000 CHILDREN lose health insurance from the CHIPS program. SHAME ON REPUBLICANS! SHAME! Fight for CHIPS!
The Dems know better than to vote for one your giveaways to the wealthy which screws the rest of us.
So did I, I was stressed out so I built myself a fo
After Obama, Americans on Social Security need a real raise of 4 or 5%. President Bush gave us $45 twice. I hope you will help us Americans
#AlertTheDaycareStaff
hope it included Representatives paying into their healthcare!
What was the project about?
How about u try and give us some details 2 your bill? I would bet that u can't. They could give u a copy of bathroom rules & u wouldn't know
You got zero Dem votes because you broke your promise not to cut Social Security, Medicare & Medicaid!
At least someone is looking out for the middle class
I think you have me confused with someone else.

https://twitter.com/hashtag/FactsFirst?src=hash …
well you have to have a budget of course you did not get any demo votes it is called government or did you miss your social study's course

To Mr.Trump

#OnlyPEACE

#NoThaad
#NoWarOnKorea
#HandsOffKorea
#HandsOffDPRK

most dangerous country USA
VS most secretive country DPRK
You own it.
No one should vote yes for tax cuts until you release your tax returns and show how you will personally benefit.
FYI
#TerroristHashdAlShaabi
#KurdistanBlocade
#LiarLiarPantsOnFire #FakePresident #NotMyPresident #PutinsPuppet #RussiaGate #RiggedElection #ImpeachTrumpNow #Prison4AllTrumps #Collusion
rand paul will not screw over the people that voted for him, unlike GOP
Please show us your tax returns

Why would Democrats support a non-revenue neutral series of tax cuts?  Why would Republican support something that increases the deficit?
WHAT DOES THAT TELL YOU. WHEN YOU TAKE AWAY HEALTHCARE AND INCREASE TAXES FOR US, WHO WINS, 1% HOW DID YOU PAY PAUL RAND?
Republicans set a new all time  record in obstructionism against the dems and you cry that Dema won’t vote with you? What a joke
Lucky for you losers that you killed the philibuster or you’d never pass a thing....
I just don't get it. What are our tax dollars paying for when we have grown men in Democratic and Republican parties acting like children.
If you got zero votes that means something is wrong with your tax plan you dumb ass
DEMS JUST HATE THE USA AND ANY PROGRESS THAT UPLIFTS AMERICANS!
Idiot


Those of us dependant on these benefits could lose our lives without the help we receive now. WE NEED THEM TO SURVIVE.
@realDonaldTrump Please PLEASE line item veto any cuts to Food Stamps or any other programs that affect us poor people w/ disabilities.
why would Dems vote for a $2.5 TRILLION deficit? They balance the budget - unlike Tax & Spend @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @GOP #TCOT @SenateDems
Thank god for the Democrats and Rand Paul.
That does not surprise TRUMPNATION, WE would LOVE TO SEE U GET RID OF SENATE & CONGRESS, RUN OUR COUNTRY AS A BUSINESS! SO SICK OF THE WASTE
Let this be a reminder the the pending disaster WILL BE ON YOUR HANDS.

 ALL YOURS.

 YOU WILL OWN THIS.

 YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE. 

ONLY
YOU
Why are you going to screw with Obama's economy. Stock market at all time high. Rich are doing very well. You will screw it up. Thanks
so glad it got through sir, I support you and your policies!
What Budget is that...?/ 20 T in the red and U wanna add 4 T more @POTUS @SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan its an obvoius set^by the GOPe to squashTru
At what point, will you understand that having the majority in both house and Senate means you don't need any Democrat support??
Pregnant widow kisses soldier husband's coffin - as Trump posts bizarre message
Trump wins-America wins
Because the budget is garbage. Not unlike your "presidency" or yourself.
The “budget” contains horrible cuts to Medicare and Medicaid...both of which you pledged not to cut. You lied. We see you.
That's because no one allows input from democrats. You are the president of only 46% of the country
Good job Prez!  We love you. Keep tweeting, we love it because Dems hate it. For the first time we the people know what governments doing.
So when it fucks up the economy ...you will acknowledge and accept blame?  Yeah right....
PRESIDENT ZERO
Ypu didn't need them you have the majority
Increasing the deficit will cause everyone under 40 to hate you more than ever.  Stupid people need to figure this out.
Why are u here
When did Republican support anything when beloved president Obama was President??
Good deal for you and your rich friends, not so much for workers,retirees, poor. You lied about cuts to Medicare, Medicaid, as usual.
Yeah, because you guys are a bunch of cheats! Unbelievable what you are doing to our country!!!
Statements like that do not unite they divide maybe you should stop slamming Democrats and maybe you could get a few on your side
Thank you Dems for fighting or the hard working people over crooked repubs only for the rich
McCain's cancer must be in remission. He voted with his fellow Republicans.
There is a good reason why zero dems voted for this. Ever THINK?
That's because of HUGH cut to Medicare and cap on 401k.  I think the Republicans are bi-polar save, save let's CAP your contributions!
You mean the liberal progressive, bloated, debt increasing, big govt budget that will nullify any good that may be in the tax reform bill?
Yeah well everyone of those Republicans should have voted against it & you shouldn't sign it if you were fiscally responsible at all.
Now the middle class will pay for the 1%'ers massive tax breaks. Not just a bad president but a sad excuse of a human being!
You barely get threw in Republican controlled congress.  Doesn't that tell you something? Healthcare didn't pass. Travel ban not working.
More proof that politicians only care about politics. Not even one guy disagreed with the party line? I call BS!
I will remember that come election time.
Isnt the purpose of an opposition to provide opposition for the fair and just agreement of the voters? they must not give blanket OKs!
PROGRESSSSSSS
Gag
making america great again
Rand Paul needs to go!
Again you've lied to the idiots who voted for you
Yeah !! I'm glad it finally passed  !!!!

https://www.facebook.com/fang.xing.7370/videos/106950026411256/ …
This bill is total crap.  You are filling your own pockets and your rich friends
So, you are failing at doing anything bipartisan? Too bad we don't have someone who is better at deal making in the @WhiteHouse
What’s wrong w/R Paul?  Doesn’t he want to #MAGA?
trump । love  u
Passing a budget by two votes doesn’t seem particularly impressive
DEM  for 8 years no aid to homeowners faced w/ fraud 4closures.  NO assist to retiree accounts wiped by recession.  no surprise
http://you-earn.net/?ref=4329 
http://you-earn.net/?ref=4329 ..
http://you-earn.net/?ref=4329 
Thank you for all your hard work
Rand Paul is a hell of a man
What the hack is wrong with Rand Paul?

Hey, Donny!  Maybe that rich person's tax increase would've gotten Dem support if it.helped common folk & not you or your rich friends!
I am sorry for what that bitch Wilson put you through. She has no shame and is just lying filth like many others in the Dem party. Love you!
Thank you President Trump!
http://min-urls.ml/UvQbPsu 
To heck with Rand Paul!
We don’t need those Democrats.
Thieves in the night
So bad there missing the best opportunities for the people who have voted for the president ever.Mr Trump 20/20


Good luck too you and us on those tax cuts.
Blessed are the poor for they will be called the children of God
