Masks should be banned during protests. Time and time again the mask allows, enables, and encourages violence.
JOBS HAVE NOT COME BACK YOU NEED GLASSES!!!!
Trump desperately discredit news, same way dictators do, next he'll be eliminating those who disagree permanently
Donald Duck, please stop quacking
bing bong
the whole world is against you, run!!!
that's because it has nothing to do with you big baby lol Jobs were coming back without you dumpface
Why not quit Donald....file for "Presidential Bankruptsy"....you have a lot of experience in that!!!...
What about the General motors it is in Atlanta Ga in Lawrenceville they have building just sitting not be use
Is true u will be paying 85/hr to build the boarder wall
Seriously Donald???  Seriously???
Donnie, the only bias here is you! You're allergic to tellin' the truth. We are onto you and your boyfriend pootie
I voted for you! I think you'll do great things but you are blowing it with the nasty remarks just give facts
he's never been a fan of facts. considering you voted for him, neither are you.  @realDonaldTrump
you don't know me we may differ in our opinions but I respect your right to feel as you do can you do the same
i have no respect for anyone who supports racism, bigotry, a sexist, an admitted predator, a fraud, pathological liar, etc.
ok love you anyway because love trumps hate:)
you seriously don't understand just how stupid that statement is do you?
I really hope you will be happy. Even Obama said today that at his core he believes we'll be ok I hope so too
and don't know if you've cared to educate yourself, but, have you even research on his picks? they are anti-EVERYTHING!

Roland's such a chump. For a slacker he's accomplished more than you ever will in three lifetimes
not bias, a different perspective.
How about taxing the $70billion that was wired from USA to Mexico last year? 25% tax is $17.5 billion!! Wall paid for!!!!
I would only put the news out on Fox News, Facebook, or Twitter only! Mr. President, you are doing a great job!
Mr. Trump, your doing an awesome job. You've done more in 5 days than what Obama did in 5 days. I appreciate that.
Mr. Trump, don't listen to what most of these jerks are saying. They are jealous because your the man.
Way wrong
why can't you accept criticism? Are you incapable of growth
what does this mean
guess the ultimate game plan is to whine like a child about people who say unkind (but true) things about you?
wish I could say something......
Donald You are totally biased
totally biased liar becomes president and still cares what people think sad
@DebAlwaystrump @NBCNews   Ignore NBC
yeah... before you were elected. #stolenvalor
Coming from the guy that said The National Enquirer is a credible news source.

CBS just likes to Hype everything up I'm so tired of these newscasters just hype that all they do.....
....had nothing to do with you
Pence is behind it. He and tea party want you out
What can we expect from them. Learned if you believe them you are not totally informed. part of what wrong with US
=I have contributed so little to society that I have to make things up to feel good about myself
Mr. president, sshhhh!
Your demeanor is that of a pouty child.
#pixoritdidnthappen
the main stream media just reports the facts. How can u claim responsibility for things that been in the works for months?
.@realDonaldTrump @NBCNews Just because you don't like it, you can't call it fake.  SAD!
good thing former POTUS Obama saved the auto industry in US, otherwise there would be no companies to create jobs.
I realize we have free speech, but there is a law against slander and liable, we have to inforce that
media should ride u  constantly and not be bullied by your tyrant rages! @CNN @wsj @nytimes
why don't you move your manufacturing company to the US 1st? You are so fake!
Ford didnt take the Offer
You promised to 'Drain the Swamp' in Congress; don't forget to also  'Drain the Sewer' that is the Liberal Press!
hello sir
stop with Twitter you are over 70 years old grow up
not because of you. The greatest president OBAMA is the one to thank for auto industry
NBC News tells the truth you are the blotus the biggest liar of the United States
perhaps GM can stop GMH CLOSURE IN AUSTRALIA.
I am wrong to discredit the news when they don't follow my narrative. Have I started to believe my own hype? #TrumpIsUnfit
#takeDTtwitterhandleaway
yes real change is coming and it will benefit the people not you media bias people
Bull! 
Your nose is growing #Trump! We wouldn't have Ford, GM, if it weren't for Obama saving the auto industry.
humanlaw
you are doing great. My son and I believe you will be a great president
trump had nothing to do with it-I am sticking with NBC
how do we report illegal immigrants? We have hundreds on our tiny island
//I really though @EPN was the stupidest person alive, now that I see Trump I'm just confused..
good morning and thanks  for being our new president, you give us hope , may God bless you
why when someone sees your true colors and reports accordingly are they biased? Maybe they are smarter than Fox
Ford never left
mendacity over and over
sir You are Amazing
My advice to D. J. Trump, look and listen but don't be too fast to react or talk. Your words now makes law.
starting 2 keep a list of all ur fake/biased news. I guess as a dictator u will let Fox b your only news press now
how can everyone be biased. Maybe it's you with the damn problem.
President Trump, screw the lousy media and continue with your work ! I look forward to being in touch with you.
The non-redneck, non-racists love you NBC News!
all the tax dollars that were wasted on Carrier so we could pay for them to automate and fire everyone. Nice job!
I totally agree with President Trump, the mainstream news is incredibly biased.
hey headpiece! They came back on @POTUS44 's watch,Not yours. fraid you cannot take ANY credit #missObamaalready
meant to say he respects @NBCNews leftwing perspective & finds enjoyment in the hyperbole embedded within their reporting.
He hopes in time the country will come to credit the influx of jobs to his skillful negotiations with Major companies.
was your ego hurt?... Only an idiot thinks he is above the market forces!
going to be a great president! Grow up all
Are we to know that @realDonaldTrump will disqualify media until ONLY RJT tweets are the accepted communications?
well, you had nothing to do with anything on these jobs and buildings for America,they were in the works WAY BEFORE,
@DTParody11 @NBCNews one of your dummy supporters tried to come at me today. He loves your tiny tiny tiny tiny hands
mark said it right the difference between obma and trump is one hates the country the other loves the country.
keep reporting facts,we know this person,not intelligent can't he read (200pg )is more incompetent than any unfit!
Absolutely correct, Mr President. God bless you for telling the truth about NBC.
congratulations   toPresident Trump and Vice President Pence on becoming the 45th President of the United States!!
I wonder if the Hollywood queers are watching, this is real life not fake award bullshit from left coast
Liar SHUT UP go back to ur lover and leave us alone
Was a WONDERFUL Inauguration speech !!!  Know you meant every word !!!
NBC, CNN, CNBC... all are anti-America !!!  Should have their FCC Licenses taken away !!!
thanks obama!
President Trump, Good luck working with the liberal party of waste, True Americans have got your 6.
stop whining

The perpetrators are playing the victim.
many many congratulations #Mr.trump
q.qlq.q.....qq
I am so tired of biased news! I was unaware I was being played all these years! UGH! Thank you Sir
liar
hopefully a sniper will be @ the swearing-in & save America from those crooked, thieving republicans!!!!
l
Good luck today mr Trump. Let's make America great again. Have a blessed day
we are watching the progress that you have made and look forward to Future progress in building asset in the USA
McDonald John t, they went way out of there way, u bad.

congrats in advance enjoy this day! I for one are so happy for this country & you! GOD bless
- Please Grow Up. you're embarrassing yourself and USA
yeah,  but  you  had  absolutely  nothing  to  do  with  that  good  news ,  you  leech  from  hell,  Mr  Trump !
Please keep these hate group media out of press room. ONLY give one on one interviews.
You spin fake news and try to discredit our press! #stopthresteningpress #1stAmendment
Donny, You need a Therapist, good thing you still have time to sign up for Obamacare.
you more of a girl than ivanka
holds the title of most hated man in the world
@knowwhentoholde @NBCNews 
And if they don't like that you can start your one the trump Mobility
Haha
@knowwhentoholde @NBCNews you didn't create those jobs the wind did it haha
Seems like you watch NBC an awful lot.  Sad.
can't wait for pee pee tape revelation. Don't unpack your bags
Sir-Real News-All the CEO's disagree with you. Fact
you had nothing to do with any of it. Did you see all the times Kellyann spoke the truth about you. Showed only 6!
FAKE PRESIDENT, FAKE PRESIDENT, FAKE PRESIDENT, FAKE PRESIDENT, LOOK WE
CAN SAY IT TOO & HOPEFULLY IT WILL STICK
. As Jimmy Fallon said, if you want to help America, Mr president, pussy grabber, pay your taxes.
The only network that tells the truth is Fox, everyone knows it.
everyone who isn't Breitbart or Fox News is biased. Deflection is your middle name.
.unhinged.
Where's press release that @IvankaTrump has brought her clothing & shoe manufacturing to the USA instead of China
oh, that's right! She hasn't!!
divide is further apart now because of this tweet
Furthering the Divide
stop with the vindictive tweets. You have NOTHING to prove to anyone now. Be our president.
We know they're biased. Don't give them ammunition though! And stop tweeting at ridiculous digs by the bullies.
Made In The U. S. A . once again. It's been a long time coming.
     Feeling alive and Blessed.
     I Believe...
good
to pressritutes & liberals: तुमको सुनाई नहीं दिया वो सिर और ये पैर  @NBCNews
HAHAHAHAHA heeheeheeheeheehee @NBCNews
Thanks Obama!
truly these decisions were made under Obama's leadership --- NOT TRUMP!!!!!
Did you ever think that maybe you're the one that screwed up? You've called out CNN, NBC, ABC, Fox...
Because it's not true. They planned to be here with or without you Mr. Trump!
Oh stop this shit about every news agency is reporting wrong.  No one believes you.
may god have mercy on us all... This man us charge of out nukes....
soooooo and you djt are childish
You are now at a stage that you are literally sickening...seriously...physically sickening...
Stop taking Credit. Company activities are planned years out. If anything Obama takes all the credit for this!
LIAR. #ILLEGITMATEPRESIDENT
