Every single building??!!! Really? Considering more than 90% of the country doesn't have passable roads, that's amazing..and a lie. 
THIS IS Y I WANT TRUMP LOVERS 2 OPEN EYES,MINDS 2 LIES,UNETHICAL REP POLITICIANS WORK 4VOTERS YET SABOTAGE ANYTHING 2 HELP ALL PPL GOVLIV
His lies are the problem 
Say it like it is
He is responsible for what comes out of his mouth
He is responsible for the way he acts with others
He didn't create the disaster 
He created his response, his handling
Presidents R 
I'm not a lib or a con
I watch what he says
SAD
Yes bc they finally got there after your shaming

Lies
Lies lies RUSSIAN ties
No, that’s some bs you just made up. Fred Trump knows you’re a lazy coward. You will never be redeemed.
You don’t know what you are talking about

HOW CAN PPL WITH ANY INTELLIGENCE OBSERVE LIES,TRUMP BUSINESSES,FAM,FRIENDS STEAL OR SELLOUTS 2 RUSSIA U C IT FRM OUR FED TRACK DOWNTRAIL
Lier!!

ALL buildings. Ok. Yea. Sure.
I voted for you.   But when you said you would drain the swamp - did not figure you would fill it with fecal effluent from sewer!   #impeach
No they are not. This debacle is on you. Where is your compassion, where is your morality? It is in a bank book buried in a hole.
They are starting to recognize the work because people have finally shown up to help after 9 days of misery for US citizens.
What people? Ur followers will believe anything!! Quit talking about PR’s debt that U helped create!! SAD!!
Awesomeness
well done sir!  You make America proud
All buildings ?? Wow that is amazing but hard to believe.
Never thought I'd say this, but I now long for the good old days of "You're doing a heck of a job, Brownie."
Sentiment score: 7
We  OUR President n Most of Us Dont listen to The Corrupt news..MSLSD..CNN..ABC..NBC or the rest (except FOX)They r Bottom of the CESSPOOL
People always knew FEMA & military were doing their best with what they had. We also know that you failed to lead. We aren't blaming them.
WE BLAME YOU!
They are doing amazing work. The problem is that they could've had it done much much sooner
Nobody's questioning the heart of the FEMA employees. They are questioning the implementation and speedy rollout of people to Puerto Rico
They are questioning how a man could possibly attack someone like this.
They are questioning your mental stability and ability to lead instead of tweet
They are questioning YOU!!!!
The hate preached by the left is tearing this country apart.
Trump is a piece of dogshit on  my shoe. He tore this country apart all by himself. Tell us when he's ever said he's wrong. Egotistical baby

You suck
Trump-don't favor israel-US distances itself from Israeli -APARTHEID WAR Monger the greatest threat to World Peace.
You golf, people die...great plan you jackhole!!!
Dems blocking distribution of aid to starving PRs for political hit job.  Despicable human beings.  Truth will come out!
Did you overdose on stupid pills this morning? People are suffering and dying!And you’re getting ready to go play golf!
Bullsh#@t
In Ciales  people are  desperate for FEMA to show up.
Only 45 minutes from San Juan, but help is nowhere to be found
This is a complete lie.
Don't worry Mr. President....doing great!!
GET SOME EYES ON NOVEMBER 4.....
ANTIFA TERROR CALLED FOR......
what buildings are those sir? what "all buildings" have been inspected. do share. those on the ground would love 2 know wtf ur talking about
Unfortunately we will have to hold their hand throughout every step they take. If this isn't true than why are they complaining!!
You are a lier and need to face the fact you will never be anything
All buildings have not been inspected. FEMA & the military have not yet made it throughout Puerto Rico.
Stop lying you lying Liar.
They may be succeeding but it's in spite of you rather than because of you. You should apologize and show some shame with humility.


wait every building? On the island?
...people are now starting to recognize the amazing work that has been done by FEMA and our great Military. All buildings now inspected.....
Huge thanks to our Military and FEMA for their hard work in such challenging times!
tRump lies, is incompetent and is the worst president ever!
We are noticing your 88th day of GOLFING!
This is a fucking lie.
Yes finally getting done you could have had this done a week ago and saved lives!!!
Thanks POTUS
Support President Trump.
PS: Hi trolls...not a bot.
Stand with our President! 
PS: These people  probably trolls.
1) I think the issue is him saying everything is perfect when a lot of work needs to be done to help PR recover 2) Bots on both sides
We know the GR8 work that @fema & #TheMilitary does.We also know you’re golfing while they work 
“all buildings have been inspected” #Lie
LIAR
Nope. Really not a great job. The more we hear, the worse it actually seems.
Don't be evil any more please.  Your evil doesn't help anything exept make we the people sick.haters don't help anyone but Satan
Country is flipping. Everyone i talk to talk agrees. Thank God Trump is r president.
Quit lying! Take your meds please
This isn't true.
The Governor of Puerto Rico is saying you are not being honest about this.
No one is criticizing Fema's efforts. It's you and your cabinet that are slowing down Fema. Everyone sees that. #PrayForTrumpStroke
#OhShutUpTrump  #OhShutUpTrump #OhShutUpTrump #OhShutUpTrump #OhShutUpTrump  #OhShutUpTrump #OhShutUpTrump #OhShutUpTrump
ALL BUILDINGS INSPECTED?? Are you DRUNK?? Most buildings aren't even accessible! STOP LYING!  YOU'RE PATHOLOGICAL!
That is a Lie
All?
At least try to come up w/ something remotely believable
W/ many roads obliterated your claim is well.. beyond belief
Bullchit
MEDICAL FACT: Humans can only survive 3 days w/o water.

We know you skipped English & geography in school and now basic biology & ethics.
We don't feel the panic the folks in PR feel. They must be forgiven for feeling afraid after such trauma.
OK, this is really true. Panic, isn’t my word,try trama!!
What a liar!

We won a war fighting over the entirety of the Pacific Ocean while simultaneously invading Europe. https://twitter.com/ChadPergram/status/914473580091592706 …
no they aren't.  You just make this shit up.
In the name of Jesus and all that is wonderful and good, GO AWAY !!

The truth about Puerto Rico  & it's not the propaganda Mayor of #SanJuan has been spewing w/MSM & cluless celebritiesRT 
#TakeAKnee 
Thx for sticking up for our President, we need more people like you. It's great to have a voice there to tell the rest of how it is ovr thr
Your own general says its inadequate "little orange fat guy"
How mastabatorial of you to say!
Ty FEMA. Ty military.
Where? Details needed you moron. You're the worst effing potus ever. History will not be kind to you at all but you'll never know-can't read
Sadly Fox News is not standing up for the truth either Mr. President. So disappointing.
Who exactly? I don’t hear anyone saying this but you and some of your lying administration.
WE have not complained about FEMA nor our military! YOU golfed and obsessed over the NFL and neglected YOUR job.
All buildings inspected? Oh get real. Don't make up stuff
Really.....see any LIVE tv lately? There is alot more to do that is not being done! So stop lying and telling your own Fake News!!!!
(자연 재해) 미 국민의 많은 어려운 생활 미국 정부와 un 이 도와 주셨으면 합니다.
Your day is gonna be dull
Keep it up! Strength and hopefully one day some unity!
Lie
Hi how are you President
And our great President!  Please don't think that goes unnoticed.
Don't take credit for other people's work. You are a joke as a Commander-in-Chief. 

#ImpeachTrump #PuertoRicoStrong
You are doing Great work Mr. President. #MAGA
Really.  How many buildings were inspected?  This is a pretty bold lie, 45.
Actions speak louder than your words.
Not true. Pathological liar
Lying again. No way "all" bldgs were inspected.
Half of the buildings don't even look like they are standing in one piece. Do you lie in your sleep too?
lol. Spot on, Kevia...spot on. I bet Trump's dreams are lies!!
Lmmfao !!!!
What about all those people that were in intensive care and died before you got your shit together? By the way, how was that gulf game?
Which buildings are they?
Fake News!

TRUMP pedal your BS elsewhere.  People now see you for who really are.  SOULESS AND NO CONSCIENCE
#FakeNews from a #FakePresident
Liar ... again ... still ... forever ... #fakepresident
You know it!!! We know it!!
You demonstrate no fact based evidence. You elicit no confidence.
The PR governor says your lying
#trumpPRdisaster 
#TrumpblewPR
LOL!!!
Fake news from our fake leader
I expect peace(｀_´)ゞ
NOT TRUE
YOUR TRIP TO P.R. TODAY WAS A TOTAL FAILURE, HUGE DISASTER. U MADE A FOOL OF YOURSELF. VERY SAD FOR OUR NATION!!
Liar. #Impeach
Hard to deal with catastrophes one right after the other. You and FEMA did well Mr. President,
Clearing roads in PR. Thank you Pres Trump.
Liar liar pants on fire.  #yourenotworthy
Goods Speed to all and you too Mr. President &,V.  President.  !!!!!! All the Natural disasters and recent shooting are Horrible as Hilllary
Tweets like this on confirm how pathetic and how inept you are as pres.
Another lie from your bottomless well of verbal diarrhea.
12dead, ALL buildings...?? #DISGRACEFUL45
This is a lie.
I m from Puerto Rico living now In US . I m graceful for your work and all FEMA , NAVY , ARMY and all the rest . Thanks God Bless
CHINGA TU MADRE TRUMP* JAJAJAJAA
By the official boots on ground you're lying what about the CHIP program for kids Another fail on the bed post
Mentira
Please visit the rural areas by air. They dont have any access. Elder,ill,babies,ppl. Thats the reality. Lot of ppl with tremendous damage.
That's only true in the La La Land in your head sir. You lie so much it's unbearable. You're making the nation sick with your BullShit.
It's about time.If you hadn't thought it was part of Mexico it could have started earlier
You do not deserve the title of President. Please stop lying to the Real American People. YOU ARE THE FEKE NEWS.
YOU ARE A LIAR
Inspected? The demolished buildings on the ground were inspected.  What is Trump talking about?
No thanks to you!
too bad you can't do amazing work like FEMA/Redcross/Mayors of PR. All u can do is run your mouth & kiss the Russians asses
AVINU MALKEINU
sees all!
All buildings inspected? Where? Cuz there r places n PR who have yet to see a single person to help them, let alone inspect their buildings

Where are all the people in the hospitals and ICU?
dead. i’m telling you. they are dead.
The truth is coming out, people are talking... MSM are liars! Thank you @realDonaldTrump for all you do!
fighting

F$ck you & your rolls of bounty you #pos von #fuckskillet
How many deaths is a crisis, you steaming pile of 
Go to hell
#PuertoRico
How is that even possible. Why u always lying?
Thank you for all that you do for our country 
FEMA and the military ARE #great.
You, sir, are not.
#resign #Resist
#dontdelay #doitnow
LIAR
You are lying. Again. And always. But no amount of proof will sway the black-hearted morons who continue to support you.
You will regret this tweet. You lie constantly & more people are waking to it. #Resign #ImpeachTrump #MuellerIsComing
WRONG!
BLAH BLAH BLAH QUIT

Trump is leading the most corrupt administration in American history http://bit.ly/2yjYe2b  
: trump thinks he's Amazing & so whatever he's involved in are amazing even the results are shit holes.
A lot of people have died. Yes amazing. Slow slow slow response.
LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR.
ALWAYS LYING.
Couldn't inspect everything on a good day. You're full of bullshit.
Oh shut up.

That is a Lie.
Buildings are the least of the concerns. Resign.

What inspections? Are you lying again, pinnochio?
Liar
I am Puerto Rican and I know that you have done more for P.R. than any other president in history.  Crooked politicians have run it to Hell.
No interest or intent to help educate and uplift some of the most patriotic people in the Americas. Crooked politicians fear your agenda.
They know that if you have your way terms limits are on the way. The motley crue has been exposed, they don't want the eyes on them.
Your own General doesn't agree.At this point, I'm not sure if u lie on purpose or u are simply delusional...
You are a sad excuse for a human being.
Get your head out of your arse and for once in your life try to be humble.
You sir are a moron.
