Wow, 8th tweet in a row. You are nervous eh? Pssst, your tell is showing. 
Biggest story today between Clapper &amp; Yates is on surveillance. Why doesn't the media report on this? #FakeNews!...
good
@realDonaldTrump DO NOT CONCERN YOURSELF WITH THE MEDIA!!! They will never be on your side and the more you talk about it the more they win.
SALLY YATES WAS INSTRUMENTAL IN CRIMINAL ILLEGAL SURVEILLANCE OF OUR PRESIDENT - we await her prosecution and imprisonment 
because  they  stupid
They are owned by Globalists and want to keep the public in the dark.
mmm
Thank you sir for the great job you are doing
They don't like US
Sally Yates was awesome today.
Twisted-tongue Trump must be bleeding from every pore of his thin skin.
Liberal democrats socialist party swamp rat's cowering in a basement wearing tinfoil hats making stuiped comments about President Donald J
They have their own agendas!
What an embarrassment to your country you are. Weakest. Leader. Ever! 
Trying to deflect again little man child. That doesn't work anymore. Get a new tactic !! When investigations are concluded you will be gone.
You and your Russian conspirators are the masters of #FakeNews!
The only reason Flynn isn't still on your team is because of the Washington Post article. You knew exactly what he was doing, he did it 4U.
I LOVE YOU
It gets worse for you every day, doesn't it Comrade?
You are such a child
LOL
so called POTUS whining on twitter :) little snowflake got triggered as usual.
President trump release your taxes
You sound nervous. Have you thought about asking for immunity ?
 You aren't watching C-Span? We are. You are going to jail. #TraitorTrump
@Sue8951 @NoraWaltz @WeTheVigilant @LionelMedia YATES LOOKS AT LYING CLAPPER N SAYS WHATEVER HE SAYS.N EVRYTHNG CLASSIFIED.
Yeah it's a big rouse
#SallyYatesIsaPatriot
#fakepresident
I watched the whole thing your surveillance claim has been debunked. If your regime wasn't talking to Russia they wouldn't have been caught.

Sen. Graham: Are you aware of any #TrumpRussia collusion?

#SallyYates: "I can't say b/c I would have to reveal classified information." 
And how many months no collusion? Grow up. This is politics.
Deflect much?
You're desperate.
No, the biggest story is that you thought Obama was joking about Flynn!
BLAH BLAH BLAH LOOK AT ME IM AN ORANGE TURD
Damn that's funny.
Poor little snowflake.  I can't wait till they haul you off in handcuffs.  #trumplies #tinyhands
#wrong
You don't get to decide what the media reports.. only your sucker base falls for that...
The biggest story is that your lawyer was unconcerned about Flynn lying to Pence, probably b/c he didn't.
Because they are too busy covering your idiotic tweets and actual, REAL news.
#TrumpRussia
You know who ISN'T being investigated for her ties to Russia?
This popular vote winner.
#theResistance
You are a national embarrassment.
#TrumpRussia
#TheResistance
Are you about to start a twitter tantrum?
#TheResistance
#Trumprussia
Oh please, oh please!!
U wish! Getting worried?  Collusion not going away til America knows what knew, when U knew?  Like Nixon cover-up won't work. #Putinspuppet
Fake news alert! President trump is informed by president Obama that Flynn is compromised. Pres trump ignores news and hires Flynn anyway.
Twitter-in-chief is worried! Twitter storm. He keeps forgetting he LOST the popular vote. #pathological liar. As Malcolm Nance described him
Because you don't control the media.
Exactly..the media is an arm of the democratic party which is why we the people are lied to constantly by them.
Biggest story today is that your lying again!
You hired a compromised ex general and overall cash-chasing inside man for hire. That is the story, you knew and #UnfitToLead #ImpeachTrump
This guy on Capitol Hill trying to look credible. Spinning a question into a conspiracy theory. He's ridiculous and so was this party.
#Fake president
If it makes you feel better the Failing @nytimes is trying to crowd source any good news about you at all...
DONALD YOU NEED TO TAKE SEVERAL BIG, DEEP BREATHS RIGHT THIS MINUTE.
"They're the best big breaths, better than any other big breaths they say."
I have the biggest lungs, like my hands. They are bigly huge!
Those glasses. EVERY TIME 
Susan Rice ???? What about Hillary Clinton!
Candidate Trump: "We can't have someone in the Oval Office that can't tell the difference between confidential or classified" #POTUSleaks
Or truth & lie. Or good & bad. Or excellent & puffery.  Or win & fail.
sir if you are reading this just take my advice, i,m sure all the Americans will accept all your policies just try me plzxz
There is no #fakenews. The only things in your life that are fake are your wife's tits and your declared net worth. #FakeTits #FakeMoney
#FAKE_PRESIDENT Doth protest too loudly. Your money will do you no good now, the jig is close to being up.
Ohhhh I bet all this sweating is making your makeup run. Can you bring waterproof bronzer to prison?
Watching you getting impeached will be absolutely tremendous. #GottaBuyTheChampagne
You're fired!!! Indictments, arrests, prison, humiliation, rejection.

Just to reiterate, Nixon tried to sabotage the Watergate investigation and he failed and he resigned
Sometimes I have a difficult time comprehending that your tweets are real and not a bot
FIRE THEM
You're spreading fake info yourself, Mr. President, by calling Syrian president Assad 'brutal'.  Assad is decent man. Congress is not.
Sane Stream News Covers Truth... Lil Hint: you Can't Script your Odd Reality ...Immaturity, your Downfall ...http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/national/longterm/watergate/articles/102173-2.htm …
You, your hair and your claim of innocence are the only fake things I'm  aware of..
#FakeNews CNN is known for its mendacity.
Because all they want is to trash you firing Comey was the right thing to do good job Mr. President
Fake President... you are hated

Why don't you direct @jeffsessions jeffsessto investigate/indict them? #DrainTheSwamp
Clapper can't disclose everything he knows about your business dealings with Russia because it's classified. You're gone
The biggest story is the firing of FBI Director Comey!  Thank you Mr. President for taking the right decision!  He played politics not law!
Because it did not happen! #diversion
Because media is busy busting your ass!
Waldman said. “Does anyone actually believe that Trump fired Comey because Comey was unfair to Hillary Clinton during the campaign?”

No.
Cock holster
You are a JOKE
Your days are numbered! You should have never gotten into politics, and stayed on tv

Hahaha you so need to grow up!! Also grab a dictionary and learn a few big words so that you sound a little educated!!  #impeachTrumpnow
because on a daily basis you screw up the most. Hillary got the most votes and you tell the most lies. That's news
You're going to prison.
You mean like the Failing New York Times?  Great job by getting rid of Comey the retard - make America great again
Because they all want u impeached. Please be careful.
Nice try. The biggest story is that you are under investigation.
Biggest story is that you seem to be running scared.
The fake news is what you made up. What Russia made up. What Fox News makes up. The America public want the truth. The Truth wins!
Why did YOU FIRE COMEY? LOOKING GUILTY
Because it's imaginary.
No its on the fact that you are a curupt liar Leaks only hurt the a-holes that are trying to COVER UP their treasonous acts from the ppl,
Biggest story today is you firing the guy that's investigating YOU. Didn't work well for Nixon. Bring on the impeachment!!! WOOOHOOO!
IMPEACH TRUMP ,IMPEACH TRUMP, IMPEACH TRUMP
I am calling on fellow Amnericans to get on the phone and call for a special prosecutor, than man and his Family has exploited the office.

FUN FACT: President Nixon never fired the Director of the FBI #FBIDirector #notNixonian 
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
#FakePresident
#RealAss
WITNESS TAMPERING.
I'm glad the media didn't report on Clapper & Yates. We don't need any more Fake News.
The media doesn't report on "real" news, because they don't have any obligation to do so.  The news is an advertising platform.
President you did right thing dont listen to the selfish un Americans...They only can say Russia.Obama collusion w france elections
Do your job & stop fireing  good people.
@AMike4761 you know,Gaddafi said if the europe let him die,he will let europe turn to be black,the us didn't give Libya and Syria democracy
ur fraud against the American People is the biggest story in the nation.
But ur embarrassing firing will be glorious!
Yates slaughtered you! Not fake news!!
And you, sir, why don't you do your job, as you promised, instead of these pointless dramatic outbursts?
How does it feel know that you're not going to be president much longer? Firing Comey shows your guilt and fear. Tick Tock till #IMPEACHMENT
Quit ranting and name calling. So immature.
Story is you firing #comey while you're under investigation by the @FBI. Absolutely everything about you reeks of corruption
You are a historical blind man. The last time a president fired a major investigator he had to resign. Impeachment pie coming up!
Short answer-because there is NO NEWS THERE.
Yates told your counsel that Flynn was compromises and you fired her and kept Flynn for 18 more days. You put our country at risk!!
When does  your Impeachment start donnie boy ?
Stop your lying. Enough is enough...the people know about you and Russia.
Pack your bags
Just a matter of time #impeachtrump
Haven't found a better way to insult you than just to quote you.
You are the biggest liar to ever step foot in the White House. Please resign!
Are on surveillance dummy
Hey Donald, with whom you'd rather share a cell? Giuliani,  Manafort,  Flynn or Cohen? #trumprussia #impeachtrump #MarchForTruth

How to crash the system when our democracy fails.
Don't work! Don't buy.
Real news you are a liar and they told truth you lie every breath
Whatever agenda they are on isn't everyone else's agenda. We should focus on doing good rather than doing fake. #wednesdaywisdom #fakenews
Because you vaporous putz you are misstating his testimony!!
Lock him up!! Lock Him Up!! Lock Him Up!!! Lock Him Up!!!
We are coming for you. FAKE president
They do. And it leads right back to you. You are not fooling anyone mr trump
Because they know you are a liar. 
b/c we r waiting 4 you 2 B impeach you r a disgrace to our Nation @sawsharee @MaxMaxsilva1946 @Mistress_Jan @keithmikell @_Kevin_Dalby WOW
If

If you follow the stock market you will see the results of the Dems trying to distroy our president
Biggest story was you're still under investigation.  You can't fire the analysts about to bust you.  #fakepresident
#Dolt45 is the most corrupt president we've ever had, and he kicked into a fullblown Constitutional crisis. Just watch who he picks for FBI.
Don the Con better known as "Nixon"
If the media are so #FakeNews, why do you take it so seriously?
OR the biggest story is you firing somebody in despiration that finally has the balls to bring you down! Unlike your weak Rep Congress.
They're dumb as a box of rocks and disrespectful! Just listen to questions during press briefing.
Mr President Remove legacy media from WH, hold more briefing, allow questions from the people direct from social media. Eliminate middle man

Actually the biggest story today is how you fired the person in charge of your Russia investigation. You're sick, you need help, just resign
