Why not explain when it fell last month?you only speak of the good hippo
way to go Dopey Donald
Yeah Great job #666

Stocks end sharply lower, extending a weeklong slide, as the Dow Jones industrial average drops more than 600 points. http://apne.ws/Wa9J0gU 
Nice...!
Don't be alarmed people but after a year of steadily raising...the 'market' is due for a 'correction'.
Some stocks will dip momentarily...
Soros will attempt 'panic'...
Liberals will be yelling "...the sky is falling"
Don't worry ...stocks will rebound quickly.
Good thing all those poor,  struggling companies are finally getting a big tax break!  Let's share the news with poir sick kids!
I see your hi IQ does not help your grammar, lol
Seriously?? Who gives this guy his information??
Do you take responsibility for this? If so, do you think it would be better to explain rather than just state it and hope people believe? #trump #usa #maga #fakenews #hypocrisy #stockmarket
And debt is at an all time high too... How much is the debt, exactly?
*spend!! But please tell us again how “bigly edumacated” you are, ya big orange shitgibbon
This is all after effects of the Obamas. We haven't seen anything yet from you outside killing Obamas legacy.
I'm sure you'll want to take credit for Christmas sales too!
THANKS OBAMA!!
FAKE CHART - YOUR curve begins where Obama's ENDS, not where HIS started!


stop feeding the bubble
Its a shame  the news media dont tell the american people how the stock market is doing while you are in office ,mr President thanks god you are in office
President Trump, you repaired - the wear and tear - of the USA!

You don't spend much time on spelling lessons
when our nations leader is illiterate as hell>>
Doesn’t spent?
Mr. Prez, please have somebody check your grammar & spellings before you post your Tweets.
Right on
MAGA!!!
Sorry, they must be busy keeping track on how many of your cronies are singing to the Feds.
F the stock market, we hired you to put in Justice in Supreme Court and to drain the swamp. Appoint AG that won't recuse to help his friends
Punk
Hey Mr. President how about them ASTRO, champion  !!!
Trump you are great
You made a picture out of his wig?
Just like you don't spent much time on your grammar, tell us again how smart you are.
They are too busy reporting on your friends for collusion with Russia. Impeachment coming your way soon.
how can it, you’ve been a spectacle, your like a little kid, all over the place, your parents should have...?

The Stock Market and you have nothing to do with each other. #IdiotInChief
Thank you President Obama
I didn’t spent much time in school either! #ItsSpelledSpend #trumplethinskin
I have a small IRS but this is the first time I have ever seen it rise in value!! Thank you @realDonaldTrump  we love and support you
I have a small IRA, and I am just a small person! But it’s the first time it has risen in value! Thank you @realDonaldTrump  we love you!
My 401K has been increasing in value steadily since 2008. Thanks Obama!
I didn’t open mine until 2015, it didn’t earn a penny until trump was in office! I guess it depends on what you put your money in!
Market is bloated by Fed. Is your money in there? If so pull the plug soon before it free falls. Call me later Don. Your buddy. S
What is your news?  @foxandfriends is a fucking joke!!!
sayın başkan vanpirlere guneşi goster dık dur eyilme turkiyede sevgilerle
People make negative comments that might be true, but why concentrate on it.
Th
You  tell us
You deserve much more praise
Mainly because this has nothing to do with the  average Americans who generally don’t own stocks.
Everyone knows that the president has nothing to do with the stock market.  Keep trying to take credit.
They report on it but it's overshadowed by you, your drama, your distractions that YOU are creating. You're worthless.
Why not it def newsworthy
ahh talking about another topic when you should be worried about the indictments
How nice... more money for you and the wealthy.  The Dow does nothing for me or the average American who have no $ to invest.
I think you’ll find it is “spend” not spent !
Ok grammar Nazi!
I am far from that, but it’s always fun to educate a so called world leader
Spend**
No because you're too busy sucking all the air out of this country with your childish drama.
We follow
Right on point Mr President!!!!
Stock market is for rich jokers like you it does nothing for rustbelters the rich get richer as they flip stocks nothing but poor get nada
Are you kidding me, quit complaining and do something about it if you want to be rich
This reply was for one of the naysayer.
When Obama was Prez. Fox News constantly said: "the president has nothing to do with stock-market performance." so do they or don't they?
Depends on the shade of POTUS’ skin. Of course this is the first orange POTUS. Super_callous_fragile_racist_sexist_nazi_POTUS
Well you would know od course as you watch it all day.
You dems didn't care about anything till a republican came into office. Would you rather take your chance with lying Hillary? Jail for her.
And you doesn’t spent much time on learneding
*spend
Because you keep giving them negative news to report. Stop giving them ammunition.
Note to President Trump: The stock market has hit an all-time high in 30 of the last 54 months (via @Pocket)
Thanks to Obama and hopes that U will cut taxes for the rich
Do something to resolve gulf crisis. .fate of millions expatriate. .on it
Make it Rain#
My retirement account has never looked so good.
Oh but they'll TAKE that money!!
I always ask those POTUS haters to give me thier 401k profits since they think he not a good  president. They don't!
LOL
Nothing to do with you!!
Bs!!

Where are your tax returns?
You are dabomb Mr. President. You are a kick ass, straight talking, honest LEADER! I'm so grateful that God put you in office!! #MAGA
Let's b honest, they won't report anything good. They can't handle the thought of u or the American people succeeding. T Y
"Doesn't spent much time" "he dont know talking good like me and you his vocabulistics are limited "huge" and "wall" and "hillary" .."lol
This is why: It's been on an upward trend for more than 8 years.
Dork will cry like a baby and blame Obama when it starts falling. Dump will only take Obama's credit when it's increasing.
And you don't give the credit for the increase where it belongs....to Obama!
#fakepotus
If true, then you caused it
And you don't spend much time on cnbc

Do you not poof read your teets?
How many times did this happen under #Obama? Countless.
More $ for the 1%
Keep up the great work
Wall St. doesn't mean shit to those of us on Main St.
Your friends are making SOoooo much money... but that doesn't help the nation
Of course they want to go the other way. Law and principal of polarity
But Fox Propaganda News does!
@Ojbaker_ “i’m a very intelligent” says the man who tweets “doesn’t spent much time” and claims reaponsibility for the stock market
Too bad the #FakePresident fails to create jobs w/his business by employing AMERICANS, or manufacturning any of his products in USA. SAD.
Thank you for your service to this great country. Thank you for working so hard; thank you for your dedication. I thank God for our POTUS!
NEITHER DO YOU, except to report results BY OTHERS!!!!!
Go Trump!!! You the man!!!
As a person with a lot of brain damage, you might want to get checked.
I'm not a Democrat or Republican I hate politics. But I do vote and see what happens

Will you all stop you all never complaining about all the other President now you are lol you all are a joke grow up let it be
all because of Obama
If the USA would of had Mr Trump leading it before,  this world would be a better place. And I'm Canadian. Thanks for all you do.
"Doesn't spent" ??? That's not right....

Thank you President Barack Obama for setting this in motion! Trump did nothing to be a part of this success! Do your homework Trump!
Think APPLE not BANANA !
Love it
"doesn't spent"? You've got a little verb error there, #MoronInChief   It should be either "doesn't spend" or "hasn't spent." You're welcome
Thanks Obama
Too bad that money didn't go towards the deficit
you or the election of you has nothing to do with the success  of the stock market...lets face it the people are the ones doing it.
...
And WHY do they need a tax cut again?
Sounds like you're not spending much time talking about Niger. So, there's that.
Money launderer.
Dear Sir
As the potus, you really should learn how to SPELL and use correct tense in your communications. You continue to make us all look stupid...
Thank you president Obama
Wrong !
So the rich got richer smh
They might not talk about it because it would be tiresome;  under the great @POTUS44, the market doubled. Did he crow about it DAILY?
And neither did you.  Did your economic advisors neglect to tutor you in world Econ 101?
Thanks @BarackObama 
Rusdian sanctions?
You don't "spent" much time proofreading you tweets.....
Bank you Obama for good stock market he hasn't been able to destroy yet
"doesn't spent"... Suppose I should be happy he knows where the ' goes at a minimum...
Wonderful. Try to return some of these gains to the REAL people that supported you, no more FAKING DT
اعطني فيزا للذهاب الى امريكا يا اخي ترامب

Doesn't spent????!!!!! Learn English!
They will when it finally drops. We must all remember, no market ever went up forever, there is always a downturn and too often, worse.
It’s down -122 dji -41 compx n -14 spx  right now  cheers doc  !
Because they know what you don't, so I'll say it for you, THANKS PRESIDENT OBAMA!

WANT MORE ATTENTION DO U?  FakeFox news not enuogh?  CNN is FAKENEWS n they shouldn't promote anything u do. Folks wont believe them. User
Fake news knows it won't last

You didn't made that bull race, Obama did LOL


“Some people might try to tell you that it’s a banana.” #FactsFirst 
*spend
Check your grammar. Proving you need adult day care
#resign
what about the 9 trillion dollars in off balance sheet transaction money missing from fed since you were elected brought up in hearing
Keep up the good work Chief!  things are perking up!
Spend.
You have nothing to do with the stock market.
Because it has nothing to do with you...
CORRECTION: Didn't spend or doesn't spend
Do your homework clown Obama started that only 9 months didn't do all that it was 8 years work Obama did that
And how is this helping your poorly uneducated voter base?
#trumpsawhitesupremacist #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist #TrumpIsAMoron #trumpisracist #fucktrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow #TrumpLies
Thank you for making us richer!! 
Obama’s budget
Fake money
You need a proofreader. You slip away from the daycare watch or what?
QUICK!  lower the taxes on top 1% , oh and abolish the estate tax too!  The stock markets increase has not provided them enough already
Fake news
and you said we were in an "ugly bubble" during the election. Of course, you never said that.
According to you this means it will decrease the deficits. Hahaha. Two not related.
Tell me what you have done in your presidency to cause this?
They shouldn’t....nothing you’ve done as POTUS has done ANYTHING to influence the market!! You’re the FAKE 
Stock market up $600 billion trillion. @POTUS just keeps exaggerating & making up fake facts. Fake President, fake facts. Small hands.
