Are we surprised @POTUS they want to stop your agenda. We know. Don't worry we trust you implicitly. 8 years #MAGA fam
Yes! Our Hope is in God He is with @POTUS & we the People! These criminals #DeepState will be defeated! #FIGHTBACK #FIREMUELLER #TRUMP
You need to hire or appoint someone to hunt down the leskers. The sooner DOJ prosecutes and locks up leakers, the sooner the leaks stop
I feel your pain and understand how hard it is for a  Crackpot Leftist to Ignore @realDonaldTrump’s incredible success, as you Defend the indefensible plethora of the  Obama/Clinton Cabal’s Lies and  treasonous criminally
What about your leakage?
THE PO is a mess because the Congress makes rule killing them, the PO is not a government agency and should be allowed to go at it alone
Who is the leaker? Many people have said they think it's you. Many, many people have said that.
Good job trump thank you
Satellites are amazing, aren’t they?
“But if you do actually leak classified national security details, I’ll pardon you!”
You can't handle the truth! If this is too upsetting for you, resign & take your VP with you!
I don't trust any of the Elites in Washington I don't trust a John McCain Paul Ryan Democrats none of them
When Will you leak Some intelligence?
Trump likely leaked the dirt on Sessions to the press so that Trump could fire him and appoint another AG who wouldn't recuse himself.
Bur nonetheless, these attacks on the free press are incredibly chilling. They are against everything American democracy stands for.
So it's ok for you lot to attack? I hope he carries on attacking them, at least he has shown America just how corrupt the media is
The press attack Trump because there's so much to go for! Let's face it, he tweets because he's too much of a child to be able to ...
Who is President? I rest my case. 
You should watch this...
Another Washington post and cable proper gander load of rubbish. Do a search on Clinton scandals, now that's true and they get away with it
Jail time for the leakers
TRUMP2020!!!!!!!!!
Find them, Fire them & move on to next leaker. Your surrounded by sharp folks I'm sure you can get it done. This shit with leaks needs 2 end
your going to jail and America could not be happier.....it has been amusing at best watching you fail....#JailThemAll #ImpeachTrump
We will make Comey or Mueller president.
The stupid leak easily could have come from Kislyak not our team.
If it was Kislyak, now everyone knows why Putin has to be tough sometimes. Lot's of butthurts unhappy Russia going "democracy". #MAGA
Never sure what to call RU from of gov but they ARE attempting more diverse market econ vs insane state-run mess. PLUS growing toward GOD.
You love the leaks when they came from the Russians

Cute but no cigar
At least Hillary didnt win.
She won popular vote
No such thing as winning pop vote.  Electoral college is it.   Tracking on for illegals that voted in ny, ca and ma, ur count will be fcked.
Sessions lied to Congress

and the American people

about meeting w/ Russians

#TrumpRussia
Too bad all we have is your word on that.....and so did all the other intelligence agencies as well???  sheesh...
Trump haters really pile onto every word, don't they? Perhaps life experience, in time, will help them to develope wisdom.
You are a fool...stop tweeting and do something positive for the first time in your life
How ODD Comey's leaks didn't bother you 11 days before the election!  But 2 B fair, that was Chapped Ass, not Comey who leaked the letter!
Dog waste? Where? Did someone squeeze your head?
interesting how you believe the intelligence community if the information benefits you. You're a known LEAKER!
Send the Military Police to arrest these slime ball leakers if needed. The establishment protects criminals, and goes after do gooders.
LIAR, LIAR, PANTS ON FIRE! You are going to need a nose job soon
#StoptheCoup - Fire Mueller, indict Obama, Clinton, Lynch, Holder, Comey, Soros. Arrest Bill Ayers. Designate CAIR & Antifa Terrorist Orgs.
It's called "freedom of the press", read  the US constitution
Once you resign, there will be nothing left for them to leak. Please resign.
Leaks don't come from the media, dummy.
really, sounds like you can't wait to get rid of Sessions. I guess that's why you leaked the intel, eh? Shame on you.
Youre gonna fry like bacon porky!
Maybe y'all could stop doing illegal things, and there wouldn't be anything to leak about.
The White House had turned against you.
Here's a leak for you. You are a failure in business who lies about your worth who can only get loans from Russia & who is owned by Putin.
What leak was that? You don't have enough fingers to plug the holes!
Yikes!  Those leaks are coming from Inside your house!  You should get a team of plumbers!  That's what Nixon did and he was elected twice!
Do the right thing and you would not have leaks.
Put these scum leakers in jail @POTUS  they will not win ...
You are our greatest weakness. How much lower will you go before you resign
So is it leaked intelligence, or is it fake news? It's hard to keep up with what you whine about these days, Mr. Pwesident.
Again, YOU need to clean house and get ALL Obama leftovers out of our govt!!!!!
And again with the blame game
Name one illegal leak by Comey.  You can't, because their aren't any.
joel and naya will handle u
Maybe someone would have sense of service decided to talk rather than keep silent watching us go down in flames. You are what's wrong here
Comey's memo didn't contain security Info. that would have precluded its release. Thus, not an illegal leak. Duh
Every time you call it the "Amazon" Washington Post....... I order something from Amazon!
Also, if it's from any of you federal level jokers I'd hardly call it "intelligence"
Thanks for letting everyone know who CONTROLS the various media attackers. @JeffBezos should be ashamed. We WERE recording inside Kremlin!
Your golfing must stop.
Start Draining the Swamp..Better to leave some posts empty untill the Dems stop obstructing ! Consolidate and keep moving forward !
Intelligence is leaking ftom your head!
LIAR
Spoken like someone who has something to hide.
You realize that if there ain't no water in the bucket it cannot leak right?
In other words if you don't do anything wrong they wouldn't have anything to leak would they
Sessions lied under oath to congress.
Boycott amazon.
The leaks come from within buddy. Shouldn't be asking the outside world to stop them.
I think leaks are *to* the media, no *from* the media.
You are the only one that must be stopped - Americans will make this happen
I thought you were the one talking shit about your A G

Drain the swamp
grow up!
Says the man who handed Russian agents code-word intelligence, in the Oval Office. You're the traitor, the leak, the russian tool. FU!
There are no leakers in your administration, they are all whistleblowers and patriots. There's been no lies and they report WH crimes
Did Jeff session get that knife out of his back yet that you drove in there be careful he just might roll over on you
Need to take a lunch with Jeff.
; those "leakers" are #AmericanHeroes
You & your administration break the law daily & eventually will be held accountable #worstpotusever
You say worse things about him.
The intel leaks have made us not trust them anymore.  They have proved their partisanship, where their loyalty lies.  I see it as treason.
You're an illegal president, this has to stop!!
People must really hate working for you. Take it personally. I would.
Thankfully,the Putin White House,is on top of things.
Well must think the leaks are from your admin? Golly, might be time to move to another country?
I thought he didn’t do it and how can something he was not doing and not government related be a leak?  #FakePresident horrible president
The post reporting isn't a leak. it's News! The leak is from a patriot close to you.
Well then. You'd better stop leaking  don the con. 
Umm. Check with doni jr. I think he may be leaking.
Leaks? Your in the White House. Your own people are the leakers
The press doesn't leak. Any leak would be the people who give it to the press. You really don't understand the simplest things do you?
You know what must stop? Your illegal activities and your lying! It would also be nice if you wouldnt embarrass America!
Puppet Trump, did you really think your traitorous acts and lies would not be exposed? The would be Emperor has no clothes.

This is really funny considering you based your whole campaign on leaks and hacking.  You know what they say about living by the sword?
They arent leaking about Killarys investigation. But it will come out
Deliberately missing the point. THERE SHOULD NOT BE ANYTHING TO LEAK IN THE 1ST PLACE !!! #LIARLIARLIAR #45IsUNFIT
Intelligence always leaks, that is why you need counter Intelligence on military operations, not that it would help...
How is this illegal? If the free press receives information on a topic they substantiate and then report. It's their duty.
Only a leak if its true..right?
#wahingtonleaks
YOU'RE A BUTTHEAD
Like the leaks of stolen info from the DNC to wiki that got you elected? What info that was given to wiki did you approve?
Remember when you used to call the papers under an assumed name to get publicity out there about yourself?  No, we didn't forget either
You sure like to twist the truth to try and make yourself look good.   You are FAKE NEWS!
“I love Wikileaks,”
Rout them out---the swine!
I see you're working on this problem by going to a golf course. Again. #shitbird
You leak info to the Russians and Putin! You are a danger to our democracy!
The problem is not the leak. The problem is that Sessions colluded with the Russians on your behalf. Smoking gun. #fakepresident #impeach45
The same leaks Putin gave you ?
#LOCKHIMUP #RussiaGate #CorruptFamily #RussiaMoney #TheDeplorableFamily #CROOKEDTRUMP #25thAmendmentNow
I love knowing what the government is doing. Keep up with more leaks.
The leaks will stop when your administration stops the lies that are "defended" by others in your administration. Sessions is one of many.
The leak was against Pres Trump as he said Sessions should not have recused over public interaction with a foreign dignitary.
leaks NEED to continue. Stop saying and doing stupid and illegal things and you won't have to worry about the world knowing
I would love to here an actual non bias report from any of the mainstream, including there zombified followers.
Thank you for announcing when you are leaking information.
Welcome to the REAL America
When people are corrupt it must be leaked. Hope Jr is studying for his hearing.
You are the boss! Citizens want to see indictments instead of talk! Law and order remember? Prove to citizens NO ONE is above the law! #MAGA
Your ALL CAPS are totes  adorbs!
If Trump is breathing, he's lying.
There are leaks because they all hate you. Your own staff.
Sessions, should go after them.  Have the secret service pay them a call.we the people don't like this malice stuff
Thanks for confirming the info on Sessions came from intelligence reports, and also that it was saccurate. Why you don't care what he did?

Seconds after quoting an anonymous source, Scaramucci admits it was actually Donald Trump https://thinkprogress.org/trump-anonymous-source-14bd69d07db6 …
Try Fox News for your leakers. Lose lips mr president
The press is bought & paid for by the dems
How about if we start with YOU getting off Jeff Sessions?  You are not very self-aware.
Hey big Don, your mad ravings doing more harm to US than anyone else's comments. Do you have mental problems?
Suppose YOU stop. How'd that be?
Hire a team that does not lie under oath. Nothing to leak then. So simple.
You leaked it.
Ur WH is behind "leak". Looking for a reason to fire JS, install puppet 2 axe Mueller. We peeped ur card. Now u peep this. U r going 2prison
Those found leaking, should be indicted and have Grand Jury immediately!
We all know you leaked it to force him out. Pathetic that you're so bad at lying... like your deal making, I guess.
Yes, but if you would take care of the BIG problem, We won't have the little one's anymore. Until we see someone going to Jail, USA Is lost.


Why don't you order AG to launch investigation of Comey illegal leaks? Why don't you start mass firings of dept's that leak to send message?
U R the source of some of the leaks
Freedom of the press is the first article of the bill of rights. Your totalitarian regime is un-American.
news stories are not "leaks" and they must be true in order to be characterized that way. Tighten your ship!
The pubkic needs to know the truth. You are worse than Nixon. Worst POTUS in history.
I'm starting to think you don't like big business. You hate Amazon (huge co.) and your admin just fined Exxon/Mobil $2 million. #MAGA? How?
Sigh. You are an embarrassment to our country. Make America great again by stepping down or at least being professional on your twitter. 
Your illegitimate presidency must stop. Putin's puppet must resigm
When some heads roll and leakers feel pain?
Why don't u stop them? U R THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES! U do have the power and ability to stop all of this.
You and your Grifter family being in the White House WILL stop soon!
Some of these leaks probably occur due to atmosphere these people have to work under.  Stress, stress and more stress.
The truth will never stop, the amazing @washingtonpost will never stop.
Your powerless to stop the growing shitball rolling downhill at you. How does it feel to be helpless?
#MUELLERISCOMING
Mr President start setting up to drain the swamp, both sides, corruption is corruption, NOBODY is ABOVE the LAW...We know Hillary, ex POTUS
One thing we at least can be sure of, is that you will never leak intelligence...
The leaks are coming from YOUR people. Fire all of them starting with the two Steves.
Amazon is now in the FAKE MEDIA business. Jeff Bezos empire at work. Deep State here folks
Have your NEW AG file anti trust suit against Amazon! This will keep them busy !!
What Bothers Thee More? That The Truth Must Be "Leaked" Or That The People Know? Losing Your Grip Old Man. Sad.
repel Oboma exec order to stop the leaks. Used by Obama to spy on Trump campaign and grants access to too many people
They would if YOU would stop being such a horrible POTUS.  BTW not necessarily illegal just cuz they don't flatter you....
Whoopsie. So it is a leak. Thanks for confirming...
Ignore the crap! Focus on our agenda!
Confront Lindsey Graham in with Dems>Amnesty!Rubio law Against Free Speech called>Anti hate as Anti Sharia!F Em
So you can bad mouth Sessions but a convenient leak disparaging him is not ok even though this info was highly classified & easy to trace.
I recommend you tell sessions to fire the asst. AG and hire a loyal person to fire Muller.
Comey didn't leak any top secret documents ur being a spoiled baby..
Which is it, "fake news" or "illegal leaks", because you've just CONFIRMED collusion, lying under oath, obstruction of justice and more.
If it's a leak, doesn't that mean it's true?
U r the 1 leaking, Donald. U r trying 2 get the elf 2 quit. So U won't have 2 fire him. It's the great American farcical Presidunce show
When are you going to get rid of ALL of the Obama holdovers? That would be a good start to stopping the illegal leaks.

