No TRUMP WANTS TO TAKE MONEY FROM THE POOR AND PAY THE RICH... SAD YOU DONT CARE ABOUT THE NEEDS OF THE PPL WHO VOTED FOR YOU. SAD! SAD! SAD
More lies, and more trumpians, who believed all your lies, shame on these so call Americans
More dead will be if your ridiculous health plan is approved
It's not dead. They shouldn't vote for the person who doesn't believe in a livable wage. #Ossoff all the way.
Obamacare is not dead. LOCK TRUMP UP U R A LIAR AND A FRAUD
It s dead and it s death bring many good people with it. You still hiding in the corner with your homicidal health care trump?
Vote for pedro
I saw @BarackObama 's endorsement of @HillaryClinton as improper for a sitting President who's supposed to represent all Parties.  ALL. Ppl
".@BarackObama 's endorsement of @HillaryClinton improper"? No, Plutocrats 4 same! Dump UNDERTAXING (wealth) Plutocrats! @AP @DNC @SenWarren
It's improper for those who understand protocol. How ignorant to put the Party before respect for all citizens of the U.S.
@Granma_English
Big day tomorrow in Georgia and South Carolina. ObamaCare is dead. Dems want to raise taxes big! They can only obstruct,...
Trump sei un coglione
Here is an idea. No press conference, Tweets for a week.  Run the country and clean it up. News media including FOX would have nothing to do
ACA isn't dead, but you and GOP are sure trying to choke it to death!!
Instead of tweeting all the time why aren't you working on a better healthcare plan
good work Mr.President
You are a Liar and yes I was a Republican until you joined our ranks
I've never seen a president try so hard to divide this country further. A leader brings people together. You're just a small man.
It's divisive rhetoric like this from the president that is causing violence. Democrats are your constituents to be a leader
You Remember Langeweek The left Kill Congress people  (R)
Screw U. #NotMyPresident
Voters in GA., when you vote tomorrow, remember it's crucial for Trump to have checks & balances. Vote Osoff
"R" for RELEASE THE TAPES! 

#obstructionofjustice #trumprussia #VoteYourOssoff #TheResistance
Look what voting R got us...a corrupt WH who cant get anything done!
Okay. Back to the topic at hand. Are you being investigated for #Kremlingate corruption? Yes or No.

Yes!!! He is the anti-christ
The Reps control house and senate what could Dems possible obstruct?   You are Americas biggest obstruction.
Daddy
Ossoff started anti-Trump 2 get rabid base but ran 2 middle. He's fooling t/district & is running like a moderate Repub
So this election is not the referendum the Dems would have you believe. Eg. He's not going 2 b 4 reducing spending as says
Show the country that money can't but politicians anymore.
The republicans are making the same mistake the dems did by shutting the other side out stop the partisan bullshit
More projection Hector?  Handel is horrible! #VoteyourOssoff!!  #Impeach45 #Trumprussia #Liarinchief
JonOssoff GaDistrict6...100%
You don't really know what your job is do you? Hint it isn't to involve yourself in every down ticket election in the country
You're such a liar. All you want is to cut taxes for you and your rich buddies.
Can't wait for investigations&for impeachment.He hasNO integrity.Can't believe anything he says.Only his whacko nutjobstaff listens to him!!
They need to stay the course to fill Congress with public servants that will move your agenda forward to MAGA! Keep charging!
Karen "I don't believe in a livable wage" Handel hates workers. She says it herself here:
#VoteYourOssoff
Vote "R"..."Russia"???
Never
Psst. You know he won right? Ok. Time to get over it n move on. If Russia helps you cope, go with it. But it's getting pathetic. #soreloser
You mean the victory he can't stop talking about? The one he prints out electoral maps of as tries to use as gifts?
Um. Sure. He won! nanny nanny boo boo. he can sell whatever the fuck he wants. called capitalism. sweet hats too. #maga #TrumpWon
Trumpcare hurts 24 million dems shut out of changes u raise taxes on mid class an poor ur all for the rich I hope repubs get msg tomorrow
.@realDonaldTrump "When did you actually become a Republican?" - @megynkelly
ur unhinged
Obama was more popular than you. Electoral college win was faked. Resign
I'm voting democrats tomorrow
ObamaCare is a foundation for Universal health care. Republicans can't come up with a better plan and your input amounts to nothing.
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 7 Months, 16 Hours, and 15 Minutes
7 years*
*7 years in jail.
For.????? 
The list gets bigger ever day, Ryan. Best buck up, buddy. You're ass is going to be hurting before this is all over.
Lol you must have exclusive evidence no one else does! Sorry I live in reality bud
Obamacare actually isn't dead. Stop the lies. Your "mean" health plan hasn't even passed the Senate.
Starting to think that by "vote R" you mean "vote Russia"?
You're the ones who "obstruct" with "no ideas"… you opposed Obamacare for 7 years w absolutely zero plan for what to do next.
During the campaigned you promised health care for all like the Dems & other civilized nations believe in. Now you want to take it away?!
& Dems only want to raise taxes on the upper 0.1%… the billionaires like you & your donors who you promised you would increase taxes for
Also, this is concerning… 
REPUBLICANS are Greedy Dictators.  ##ImpeachTrump #GoodbyeRepublicans
R for Russia??? Suck a fat one
You're such a liar. Go back to Russia.
Remember, "R" stands for RUSSIA!
You will go down in history as the biggest loser of all presidents.. I mean big-time capital L
So out of touch with reality.
POTUS, tell the Dems that about 85% if patients that I have seen on Medicaid are physically capable of working. Get a job!
You know all about obstruction, huh
vote D way to go JON
Ok Good
It's not dead old feeble 1 You're withholding $ 2 make sure it fails. Trumpcare is horrible & that's how u'll be remembered Another promise
Yes Obamacare is dead, now let die the idea of the Federal Government being in the healthcare business. Healthcare is NOT a right.
Vote R means vote to make wealthy elite even wealthier.
Thank you extremely for taking away Obamacare!!
Yep u know ALL abt obstruction- that's for sure.
I believe you have that backwards. The big R is a vote for- one day R's & D's will work together again for a better United States of America
GFY
@latinos4Trump Osoff's main goal was to pretend to be an independent. Plenty of fools bought it.
And Obstruct is the Key word mhm mhm
Trump 2020
Este es el president mas bello
For Regressive?
There you go AGAIN. Always Dems v Reps. When are you going to be president of the UNITED states. QUIT being devisive. That might help.
Vote NO to r
Stop
Trust in the new power.  It just might surprise alot of ppl.  Trump is a business man and if anyone can get this under control, it's him
Governor Mike Pence,It's simply  wrong for legislation that'll affect 100% of the American people to be negotiated behind closed doors
R candidate does not believe in a "livable wage" vote D for Jon Ossoff!! Americans deserve a livable wage and fair taxation!
You were a democrat 4 years ago ...oh I'm sorry, too soon?
Yes be sure vote R if you to add to the secrecy in washington. Just waiting for my healthcare to end I have M.S. and need care alot.
Obama Care being starved to death.Can't expect health ins to provide service without being paid,unless your Donald Trump
I literally hate the orange turd
@realDonaldTrump I would respect you more if you showed more professionalism and focus less on putting a majority of the population down.
Time for a time out pull both sides together only people who suffer is the American people! Stop the obstructionists
"R" for Russia?
Donald, I have a suggestion. Fire Pence. Appoint Hillary Clinton VP. And RESIGN, please. You are leaving too much detritus around the world
Here's an Idea, instead of dancing around pretending to try to fix medical care, why not address the main issue? Control Medical Costs!!!
I
, 2) tax breaks making them richer & the poor poorer. YOU LIE BIGLY.
Tell me again about the tRump Healthcare bill... AMERICA is waiting..
Wrong, bad, shameful
I love your endorsements..... it helps me to make the most informed decisions.... of who NOT to support!
You are absolutely correct. Democrates believe in robbing the workers and giving it all away. @RoyCooperNC is trying to do the same in NC.
Are you really trying to tell us the "dems" want to raise taxes? Might want to start re reading your tweets before you hit send
Big day so you can eventually sign the "Death Panels" agenda the GOP always talked about! Give TAX BREAKS to the RICH & hurt everyone else!
The only thing that can be done is to work together and come up with a viable solution and this fighting doesn't help save it!!!
Dems only want to fairly tax the wealthy & you and your rich friends dont. Who cares about poor people? You sure dont want one working for U
You seem to be getting nervous, people will vote for quality representatives.  You have demonstrated the impact of voting for incompetence.
There is nothing "Big" happening except the #Investigations into your criminal activities.
Mister Trump, I am sad about it.....
You promised to make health care better, what happened?
Can only obstruct, no ideas. A lot like republicans and healthcare then?
You desperately need to raise taxes for the benefit of all! The rich can definitely!! pay more. And that's what they definitely don't want
Your healthcare option is so much worse than President Obamas you should be ashamed of yourself.
Dems only want to obstruct?
I think that's terribly ironic coming from you & GOP.  8 years of GOP obstruction just ended
Educate your damn self, vote based on candidates, not parties. End the two party system!
No ideas, obstruct... that is you orange one.
You guys are going to fall flat on your face with healthcare. Splat. Trump country will be pissed off when they see what their votes got em!
You are withholding Obamacare subsidies and you are the one raising taxes on the middle class for a cut for you and your loser family.
President Trump, I support you! Having said that, I do not like Handel she antigay.  I am a gay man living in Texas, she is scary!
Republicans stand for the wealthy
How much were the Ins. companies paid to pull out.  Look at the large premium increases they are proposing.
@FoxNews

The dirt under my feet! Shame on you!
lies
Liar!!!
支持川主席
Obamacare will be killed by GOP to give biggest tax breaks to ultra rich!
Dems are ruining CT. Have to vote them out. We are taxed to death and more to come. Awful to live here on  fixed income. They should try it,
Maybe you should read it? Maybe you shouldn't be a cold hearted jerk. Maybe you shouldn't be a puppet to your owners?  How bout that!
 #GodBlessAmerica #Freedom #MAGA #AmericaFirst #SC #GA  #VoteRight #Respect #BackTheBlue #2A #TogetherWeCanMakeIt @VP
Horrible days in China for tens of thousands of cats and dogs this week  Americans don't believe you have a heart, show them you do.
We've been voting "R" but they keep "F-ing" you. Get those clowns onboard with the wall and tax cuts!
Thought you were the great uniter? Guess that was bullshit too.
And it's bigly Opposite Day!
Well if anybody knows obstruction, it's you. Vote "R's"? That does mean Russia right? Why so secretive with new health plan? To much secrecy
Voted "R" in Kansas and they still raise our taxes. Still no jobs. Still more money dumped into poor education. Raises for State employees.
#douchebag
Your party did not have my vote today! Never been happier to support America by choosing to vote for #Democrats! #MAGA
It wont go thru.  As soon as u talk tax relief for the rich, it will be shot to bits. And it should. Ins. companies will pull out fast.
Get em trump !!!!
Undoing everything the last gut did is not an idea.
Vote Ossoff!! trump and friends hate the poor and middle class people they deny you healthcare at the same time making themselves richer
Mr president Donald like Ronald we love you
Who is the obstructionist party with no ideas, Mr. Liar in Chief?
How dare you close these proceedings to the public and accuse dems of obstruction. How can you use that word with a straight face?
Even hisShawn boy is a scared rat who can't answer anything. Trump hasn't spoken about Russia? Please!!!!
Republican 4 life
Obamacare has never been the problem!  It has always been the insurance companies!  We need taxes raised on the rich!
Liar.
At present the only obstruction that I'm aware of is you obstructing justice.
The Lord Jesus Christ is in control, sit back and watch
Bet his inauguration is larger than yours #, tiny hands.
Hahaha, fatso! #DumpTrump
VOTE R For Russia and Putin you mean?
Did ok
