Love you Mr. President.
you are certainly a blessing to the US!  Retired Detective IMPD
Thank you for your service, Detective! You are very much appreciated! Be safe!  ~M
Aww, thank you!!!  You made my day and brought a tear to my eyes.  Thank you for the appreciation!
Btw, have you seen our daily #GoodMorning messages? Have fun finding them!   ~M
I'll have to start following!  Thank you!!!! 
You're welcome, and thank you once again. Be safe and have a good night!  ~M
You also!!!!
I Love You President Trump!!! #TrumpUSA You Are My Champion President!! #ChampionPresident #Trump2020
aww that really sweat!! we all love Mr tump!! Usa!! Mega!! Locker up!!
READ!  2 illegal men kill young woman in satanic ritual, in Houston TX.
We love this one Mr. President. We love you.
爱美国   爱川普
I miss your awesome body guard 
@KeithSchiller45 !
I think you better change that Heading...because it is False 
 #DrainTheSwamp #AmericansAreDreamersToo #NoDaca #BackTheBlue #CodeOfVets #IWillNotBeSilent!#MAGA  #IStand #IFight
Great speech @POTUS
So proud to call you Mr. President
Continue your noble fight against opposition as you #MAGA 
May God Bless you, Sir!
I just Adore our  @POTUS !!! I thank GOD for him every day!! 
lol ya had to make yourself a commercial in an attempt to convince people??? Actions speak louder than words.
Not many people like you w your 100 followers.  If you don’t like our @POTUS  you are free to leave our country and I suggest you do so.
LOL
.@realDonaldTrump Caps away, Donny!
it will be great again when your gone!
AWESOME!!!
MAGA Manafort And Gates Arrested
Why is @PRyan allowing sanctions against Russia, overwhelmingly passed by his own caucus & by entire House 419 to 3, to be left still unstarted by Trump Admin? It's 43 days & counting past their Oct 1 deadline. Ryan cannot be trusted to do his job
Sugar coating your screw ups? Not gonna work.
Almost a year since I tweeted this.
THEN RESIGN!
now it's just getting weird, bro. Give it up.
No your weird! We  our @POTUS if you don’t like him leave our country very simple!
Jeez lady. This was so long ago how’d you even find this.
It just came up in my notifications that’s what happens when your a Censored Conservative they try to Silence us
is this @HouseofCards?
Message of unity? You're a joke. Do you think ppl buy this bullshit? What abt your petty little rant on Twitter? #DIVIDER
I watch this and it reminds me why I hate yoy
Walking the Dog #Putinspuppet
attention starved Don
This whole "inspirational thing", not working for you.
Play as much serious background music as you want, you're still a joke.
And God bless the United States...because we're so screwed for 4 years.
when I was a young man it was cool to be in the trades and be a carpenter and be a real man!
Some inspirational music and a speech writers word really won me over! Not! Cut the crap
.. http://Thanks2Trump.com  
It has always,veen great in spite of divisive tactics from those who claim love of Country, but Love of Self is their God
so fake
You mean you're leaving? YAY! But take Pence w/u. KTHXBAI.
Yup!  In 3 years 10 months and 18 days -- sooner God willing!
that moment has passed. Russia is what we are talking about now!
Hey @speakerryan @senatemajldr the #GOP has won just 1 popular vote in 24 years. #pathetic @realDonaldTrump
Hey @realDonaldTrump, here's another vid you made. In Moscow. For the son of a Russian oligarch. Who you owe favors to.
His dad gave you $ for miss universe and made you perform like a dancing monkey in his wannabe popstsr sons music vid while you were there.
"No business in Russia at all."

Here's @realDonaldTrump with father & son. In Russia. Literally doing a deal.
no
why R we killing US babies with tax payer $$ abortions/PP   & importing illegal aliens Mexicans & Muzlims that breed like rats??
boringggggg
well. This is an overproduced bullshit embarrassment.
if anyone can watch him and not see a complete fool , then you've got something wrong with you.
After you're impeached and convicted for outing that FISA warrant, America will be great again #TheResistance #Forever44
make orange goo
go fuck yourself


How will Pres. Trump try to divert attention from the growing Russian scandal?
Option (1):  Discuss Fake Moon Landing
How will Pres. Trump try to divert attention from the growing Russian scandal?
Option (2):  Talk about UFOs in Roswell, NM
PENCE EMAILS FLYNN LIES, RUSSIA INVOLVED @jeffsessions PERJURY @DJTrump45 #Trump45 #Impeachtrump 
@VP @PuestoLoco @tahino1
He will read your comment and respond within 24hrs.  Please stay close to your Obama phone.  Thank you.
DON'T CARE LOOSER TRUMP READ MY E-MAILS HE WILL BE THERE UNTIL 5AM GOOD LUCK LOOSERS
Looser... hahahahahah.  You might be the looser!  Hahahahaha... thanks for the laugh.
@DJTrump45 @realDonaldTrump #DEPLORABLES
Are you 12 years old or do you only know how to post pictures? We know spelling isnt your strength.
You may want to show this to Jeff...


Hear Hear !
@MADE__USA
Thank you for all you do and the burden you carry for our GREAT country!
BEST PRESIDENT EVER !!!!!! GOD BLESS YOU @POTUS !
I’m so excited for the next 8 years! We  you @POTUS  #Trump ignore the Haters that don’t want to work together to #MAGA 

#TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpRussia
Awesome video! I've known since I was a kid that @realDonaldTrump would be the GREATEST PRESIDENT EVER! #MAGA #KAG #GOAT
Thank you Mr. President, for loving every American. #MAGA 
I gotta video too... check out your former campaign chair's response when asked if you have financial dealings w Russia!
Clinton lost, get over it
you fake SOB
I have a better one 'Make Obama President Again'.
that is in fact bullshit. You are simply destroying the us. Get your facts checked.
Your hands are so small! Sad!
vanity is never a good thing
we have to stop corruption in our courts with lawlessness and socio-economic biases. Cali 1st. That will make America Great
u are a great, positive, noble leader. U are my fav International leader sir.....kudos!
Make America Great Again & keep your mouth shut & quit signing executive orders. U are the WORST pres. in the history of US
MAKE AMERICA GAY AGAIN!
Deeply ? u said you would unite days later you tweet to split us once again.
we'd love to, but you're still president
Start by resigning, and take your vice and entire administration with you.  America was great, until you were elected.

Thank you myLord
What an absolute Narcissist.  2 minutes of video of just him.  America is great because of its people not one egomaniac.
Fantastic keep up the good work MAGA
I am so proud, and honored this man is our POTUS
You keep repeating that phrase like Rainman said "I'm an excellent driver."  But you haven't shown you can drive.  Put up.
MAGA by ending the department of education
Awesome President Trump.
your a fool rob
it's already great. It would be even better with universal background checks, a living wage for working families, etc.
We love you Mr President 
great photo. I put it out there a few times. Thanx

Thank you President Donald J. Trump! I have you in my prayers always.
America was "great" then you happened:(
@MikePence.. Mr President and Vice-President, we WILL make America Great Again!  You both are doing an awesome job!
ZYj
U will tear this country apart & bring it to its knees. We r already seeing it happen and it has only been 1 MONTH! #IWD
We love you President Trump!
We can with someone else as POTUS.
great speach
awesome...(almost) up there with Lincoln!
Thank you!  Ken in Bethel, CT.
YEAH! YOU'RE GOING TO LIGHT UP THE WORLD ALRIGHT! YOU'RE GOING TO START A WORLD WAR lll!!!!!
Almost passable grandpa!
Copy that!
A Really GREAT Speech ..  And a Really  Great Video  !!!  ..Keep up the Good Work !!!
Best speech EVER by a president. Inspiring, heartfelt, honest
This day one supporter could not be more proud and honore to call you my commander in chief! Thank you President Trump! 
are you seriously making commercials????
you are sick
they're so afraid you will actually do it #MAGA
Why do you keep putting America down? We were great but you are tearing us apart. Shame on you!

#MAGA #StandwithTrump #FightforTrump #ThankyouTrump #draintheswamp
I am asking the Lord Jesus to protect you all, and to destroy ALLthe plans of the enemy toward you Mike and your families.
maga #resign
Will go down as greatest President ever
your heart is what concerns me and most of America
America was much greater without YOU!
Just keep going @POTUS. We true Americans love that you put America first.
this video is so creepy , somehow look like NAZI-ISIS propaganda #younext #Impeach45
health care solution the weak Replicans came up with is HORRIBLE
Can't wait for the whole truth to come out and take you and your deplorable cabinet down.  Then America will be great again
don't trust secret  service  get ur own men please
.@realDonaldTrump I'd rather have $ 4 environment rather than ur "Winter WH". America 1st, ahead of ur lifestyle!
@pink_sprnva may God bless you President Trump
great speech, but then don't follow up by tweeting about Schwarzenegger. Twitter is not your friend.
#TRUMPITO
THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP N THE UNITED STATES CITIZENS GOD BLESS U N VERY GRATEFUL U WOKE MUAH.....
Oh my gosh I love this! So proud to be an American, it brings tears to my eyes! Proud supporter of yours Mr. President!
Please don't let the Democrats & the MSM wear you down.
thank u so much for teaking on this job. Thank u for dealing with the haters  and thank u for being My President!!
#AmericanGreatness  Thank you POTUS!!
some good words but you can't execute shit
What about all your constant lies? Do you think we can't hear?
America was great before u, U are making America a joke of the world, Impeachment soon
He wouldn't know how to make America great again if it fell on him.
Well he's doing better than Obama so far 
Start writing laws and policy, maybe then you'll earn some respect. Our Prez needs to more than sign a exc orders!!!
Ride on Trump, n the name of the LORD.
how many lies are you going to tell.so russian steel not American.your plan is not to help America .#trumps many lies
WARNING: STRATEGICALLY. AND THERE IS A LAVA LAKE LAKE OF FIRE BENEATH THE UNITED STATES THAT MY ANCESTORS LIT FOR YOU.
he will
You're making Russia great again!!!!
Very bad hombre!!!!!
YES, and thanks
Thank you!
li
Did you grab any pussies today,  @realDonaldTrump?
LOVE OUR NEW PRESIDENT!
Light up the world in flames and smoke, hahahaha
Amen.
Oh, so YOU'RE leaving America?
Your grandchildren will hate you for the destroyed world you are leaving them so you can make money. Shortsighted!
Uh-huh
it was already great
quit!! Make America great again! Leave as soon as you can! Take a mental leave. 5150
and take pence with you when you go. I know that's the one Republicans really wanted but we don't want that sissy either
it will be great when you move to russia
you mean, make America hate again.
The Real President - He will make America Great Again...
#lyindonny Trump Reverses Pledge To Mandate U.S. Steel For Keystone Pipeline. A Direct Beneficiary Is A Russian Oligarch
the worst president with the lowest approval rate. Destroying America one tweet at a time. Sad!
could you please clarify what a Great America would look cause everything so far looks like SHIT!
just saw for first time on twitter stream but 3 days old . Hope twitter not blocking . SEND OUT MORE VIDEO FROM SPEECH
Why do I feel like I'm watching a promo for a useless YouTube channel?
