
Pathological liar.
They Grubered the American people; never intended for Obamacare to succeed. Very cruel strategy to usher in Medicaid-for-All. RINOs too.
It is same in India with Congress spreading lies & playing destructive politics & are obstructionist. Loss of power has made them traitors.
VERY TRUE
We love it!  And we love Obama- we hate you and you embarrassed us every single day
Repubs calling others obstructionist after 8 yrs of obstructing Obama /Dems when they tried to do good. GOP wants license to kill23 million.
We are not Republicans. We are not Democrats. We are Americans. What are you?
ANTI-TRUMPET AMERICAN! Donnie a Joke to the USA* potus= piece of turd under shit...we need a REAL PREZ! @HillaryClinton  #StillWithHer
Republicans should of just let Obamacare die and buried it with the Democrats!
Thanks for that piece of info, Bethany!
Hi ya Dominick....hope your doing great.
Yeah, I am. Any plans for the 4th?

I recall the GOP throwing plenty of obstructionist tantrums between 2008-2016.
Because GOP leadership in house and senate won't let Dems bring anything to the floor. True and original obstructionists are the GOP
They sir are using Marxist tactics in a miserable attempt to matters , you have set sail sir . Now keep your Ritter pointed to the sun 
You are so #jealous of @BarackObama. You will never be half the #POTUS he was. Unless you consider time in office. Then you might make half.
Vlad couldn't have picked a better stooge.
I bet he sits up at night slamming vodka and laughing at what a moron The Donald is.
And gloating about how he is turning the US into a third world country
Are you serious? No other president has bitched about literally everything, on twitter, as much as you. You're useless & ruining USA.

Mr. President, I thank God for you. God bless you !   You ROCK !!
As @POTUS , your goal should be to unify the country and cooperate. So far, you've been the biggest OBSTRUCTIONIST between the parties.
Here is this years detuctables
Sad & pathetic.. while they sit on their asses & get free health care.
You jackholes obstructed him all eight years he was in office you lyin' ass phony orange dipshit.
they complain??? What a joke!!! Complaining is your new name. Complainer in chief!
Blah blah blah same shit different day.
I know.
Dear illegitimate president. Please have a heart attack
We the People know that Mr. President. It shows at the election booth. Seems dems will NEVER learn Americans want things done...NO MORE.
(shhhhhhh... don't tell them why they are loosing). DON'T LISTEN TO DONALD....KEEP DOING WHAT YOU ARE DOING. YAY FOR PELOSI AND SCHUMER. ..
What's was so bad about Obama care though
I must be paying for you to be covered
No I'm Irish
Well, now you know why it sucks..except for ppl who get it free, IF they can find a Dr to see.
Oh okay
It needed sorting out but you have dropped the ball  on this. 

Corporations exploit and you remove the safety net.

Social cleansing?
JUST WALK AWAY AND LET IT FALL APART THEN AMERICA WILL SEE THE UGLY TRUTH. MAN OBAMA  LOVES TO PUFF HIMSELF UP. 8 YRS WERE ALL ABOUT HIM
obama care is, better than trump care.
The president is nothing but a failure, he does not know how to unify anyone, he has no insight and just cries on twitter #GotNoSkills
Stop blaming everyone else! ! You publicly asked Russia to hack the Democrats.  You're responsible 4 the mess you asked for.  #ImpeachTrump
Look again, Republicans control everything. The only obstruction is your administration's inefficiency.
Yes maybe we are obstructionists. We don't want 23 million people to lose their healthcare
You spelled Republicans wrong.
Its how America works these days I guess <shrugs
You're the President. You Own the Whole Government including the ACA...Wise Up and Man Up. By the way You're the President not Barack Obama!
They have policies. Just not ones that destroy America and cater to the 1%.
Repubs will too if they don't come together to fix the new bill to pass! Plenty of , get it done! Work like Americans!
Perfect in it's simpicity...but Brilliant in its message...
If Obamacare is so great why did congress and senate exempted themselves from it? Obstruction is their motto
DON'T ADOPT OBAMACARE !! 
That and promote sedition. Where will that idea end ... ? @ConnieHair @AccuracyInMedia @dcexaminer @KellyannePolls @cvpayne @kilmeade @nra
You need to make sure you don't end up owning something that could do more harm then good! Embrace the Free Market!
Yeah I am a Dem and I own Obamacare, I pay for it every month and thank God, not your orange ass, I have medical coverage.  #donttakeitaway
We are proud to own Obamacare
Dems are about open borders and transgender bathrooms...
while the the uneducated, backwoods inbred, Neanderthals continue to live in the 1940s
Are you a Democrat or are you an American? Choose one...
Let it fail! The reason they don't want to fix it is because the name ! Could careless what it's called!
Obamacare has failed!  It's not about the name you fool! It's about all the people needing health insurance that no longer have anything
We Americans see right through the Democrats, they are making their party obsolete
Your party's idea health care plan is really a "tax cut for the wealthy" plan. After voting 50+ times to repeal ACÁ THIS is all they got??
You've accomplished what since being in office?? Have several seats sir...
The DNC owns destabilizing the Middle East as well. Everything they touch turns to garbage.
Give them a seat at the table instead of GOP drafting legislation behind closed doors without bipartisan talks.
Without a woman present at the table...or a minority either.
Just 12 old white men making policies that impact the entire populous.  Hardly representative or capable of understanding the needs of all.
They could have invited Tammy Duckworth and that would cover dems women vets disabled and minorities. But they're probably scared of her.
@HauntedLib WTF Donniedickless, Democrats delay & complain? hv no policies or ideas? YOU HAVE ZERO POLITICAL KNOWLEDGE! u hv A Plan&fkUrWall
@realDonaldTrump OH SO NOW YOU KNOW WHAT THE REPUBLICANS DID TO OBAMA!!!! CAN YOU BLAME THE DEMOCRATS FOR DOING THE SAME TO YOU !!!!!! LMAO
@POTUS @RealJamesWoods @ericbolling #Women4Trump loving kind President Trump worries  about the babies. Go USA  MAGA
Eunice now calls them democraps
where is that great plan you said you had???
This entire thing makes no sense.
Obamacare sucks. I'm forced to pay over 700. a month for health insurance. That's outrageous.
YOU MUST BE JOKING!!!!! All the stone walling  Rebulicans have done the last 8 years! You can't get to 8 months without crying.Sad, very sad
Dems will never ever believe Obamacare was a failure. If you repeal it, they will say you did not give it a chance.
Hey This is GREAT and ACCURATE, Mark Taylor Firefighter, #Amazon, The Trump Prophecy's!
Do u SEE? The PRESIDENT is practically BEGGING!! DEMS to DIG DEEPER 4maga!! and HELP HIM SOLVE AMERICAS PROBLEMS! They could! But WILL THEY?
You are an embarrassment.
Seriously!  This is not presidential behavior. PLEASE stop with the tweets that divide our country.
Oh, seriously? At least their plan won't kill thousands of people kicked off of health care. They are right to delay and complain.
You're nothing but a cry baby... waaaaa waaaaa waaaaaaaaaaa
Just like the GOP did to the Obama administration.
Waaaa. Waaaa. Waaaa.
Well, you are an obstructionist, too (e.g. G7)!
YOU have no policies or ideas. All old, stale, outdated rubbish. No innovation, nothing cool or modern. Very disappointing. Epic fail!
The Democrats are nothing but a bunch of jackasses with titles!!
Baby Donald, if you keep lying, nurse is going to have to punish you...Baby Donald, go to sleep...it's all a bad dream...
The Republicans did nothing but the same when Obama was in office
We learned how to do that from the GOP during Obamas Presidency. Thanks for the lesson! #Resist
You the only one complaining instead of coming together and making some changes that going to benefit the American people.
how can they obstruct when Rebublicans run the house and senate. Your fucked up policy is the obstruction
Chuck Schumer's voice makes me cringe! He has such an evil nefarious way about him~I feel so sorry for USA as she's in the fight of her life
Actually, they do have ideas. One of them being to make sure you're kicked out of office.
Again, you control both houses and the Whitehouse. If you can't get anything done...that's what you do, BLAME THE MINORITY!
BIGLY SAD!!!
Obstruction is why you were able to appoint Gorsuch to @Scotus #ImpeachTrump #RepublicansAreEvil #Obamacare #Russiagate #yourefired #Resist
Dems have no problem owning the ACA - GOP runs and hides, can't defend the AHCA! Sad! #Nicetry #IllegitimatePresident
In all honesty, are these haphazard tweets productive? You have to work with these people every day.
#foodforthought
That's just one reason most Democrats wont be reelected, working for their money pals and not the American people, they don't care about us.
Was written by a fourth grader?  So profound, this one.

Merrick Garland
(what he really means) Democrats won't let my terrible bill through, their horrible people, mommy get rid of them, get rid of them now,
And big business owns you
Socialist Dems destroyed IL.-$14.6 billionNunpaid bills-$6billion deficit-$130 billion pension liability. #NoGovBailOut4Illinois #TheirMess
America Finally SeeingTruth! Corrupt Obama, some democrats. Clinton, Rice, COMEY, Lynch, Brennan Clapper.. You name Them.. Expose Them ALL!
I voted 4 u n now I need u to work for me
They had a really, really big idea. It was called the Affordable Care Act.
The democrats need to unite! We. need to fight the real enemy NOT our own people! If this continues they will loose all elections!!!
We have them here...they are called Remoaners!!!!
CNN middle row. Assign seats . don't call on them
Need new FBI director confirmed before swamp goes on break
Oh, honey, obstruction like denying a sitting president a hearing for his Supreme Court nominee?
@fofocasonline Democrats =PT
Insurance companies said you're meddling with O care to sabotage it. You can't keep your freakishly small hands off anything.
You bloody cheetar
Now you know what Obama went through when the GOP killed every one of his efforts. You cheered, so this is only fair! #FakePresident
Mr. President, if we have too much government in the new plan- then you will get blamed. Allow us to buy insurance across state lines.
Yes
You complain every day about nonsense..you're a Whiny child about to be humiliated on the world stage as a fraud and liar..

The Democrats are fighting for what is right healthcare, fair wages, immigration, and freedom of speech
Thats right blame the dems for your nightmare health care plan as millionaires pop the champagne in thanks at your generosity to them...
What part of you bragging about you won, and you're President did you miss? You Won You Own It , 
That's because Obamacare is needed, it needs perfectioning like anything new, it does not deserve to be abolish, the people need Ivamacare.
PARTY of TRUMP! PARTY of TRUMP! PARTY of TRUMP! PARTY of TRUMP! PARTY of TRUMP! PARTY of TRUMP! PARTY of TRUMP! PARTY of TRUMP!
Waah waaaaaah waaah . Quit whining, for God's sake!
U think u have seen obstruction? Think again orange boy.
Omg. I feel like America is being attacked by a Kabooki from MARS!  ET GO HOME!
We got stuck with this Village Idiot! #IllegitimatePresident couldn't even win the popular vote!He's a Cheat,Liar & Sex Predator! #LockHimUp
22 million Americans will be uninsured, premiums going up, cut back Medicaid, tax incentives for the rich, MEAN, NO HEART PLAN, IMMORAL.
Every democrat in the country?
Silly man I'm an Aussie and I could have told you that!!!
LET IT FAIL!!! STOP trying to FIX @POTUS44 mistake!
We have one goal, taken from Mitch McConnell, and that's to make you a one term President. Probably less according to bookmakers in the U.K.
Cierra el hocico piltrafa, ya es muy tarde para tus desbarres. 
Call off Mueller and go after Obama and Clinton
You built your political "career" on obstructionism.  Are you surprised?
Seriously Mr. President what do you expect to gain with the healthcare bill? Who exactly will benefit from it?
Not the people who need it.
Let em own it....
We learned from the best. The Republicans taught us how to be the best obstructionists. That's all they did for 8 years.
How on earth do we have a President that likes money more than the people he serves? Your healthcare bill is a joke! You are too!!!
DEMS=Degenerative Evolutionary Morons!
Can understand the feeling because it is exactly how the Congress led opposition is working against our hard working PM @narendramodi
Hello, Pot? It's the Kettle calling! @GOP had 6 yrs to draft an alternative to Obamacare & still NOTHING. #Resist
Listen to Mark Levin. Keep tweeting. Go over the media's head.
They are water on our oil Mr President, they should go and live with their friends the terrorists or commis, God Speed Mr President
Yeah, says th worsest oratorist ever! Pahahahaha it would be funny if you weren't so fecking serious, dude! 
#SCROTUS #Trump
As long as the new health plan is affordable and reasonable
Do the republicans have a plan? And no tax cuts for the wealthy and just trust large corporations is not one. Trickle down economics = bull
That's why YOU MUST LET OBAMA CARE FALL ON ITS OWN SWORD AND DIE!!! ONLY THEN WILL DEMS GET IT. Just wait it out.
Absolutely
Umm...this doesn't even make sense. Republicans have the majority in the House AND the Senate. So sorry. They are not obstructionists. LOL
******searching the constitution for the "right to healthcare paid for by others"******

Can't find it.
They're doing a pretty fair job of that themselves. But hell yes... anything we can do to help. Anything at all. #MAGA
Liar!
Shut up.... damn...
Kudos, Mitch to send bill to senate floor! Force a vote on reconciliation use it or loose it and stuck with single payer! Brilliant! #2018
we just want what the senators get for healthcare. Nothing more.
What are you talking about? This is other and complete nonsense. You are terrible man and a worse president
Damn. Angry voice texting always leads to misspelling. Utter not other.
5 months is not your fault!  Don't repeat but, people die!  And that's not your fault, I just wouldn't let Dems know that because crazy!
It's not health care.  People die. And thousands will before health care bill gets passed & thousands will after. If you didn't see a doctor
In past year & you have problems... it's not your fault.
Dems own the healthcare that doesn't kick 21million off of HC or bankrupt them when they need care, unlike your trumpcare
To use Trumps response from the debate stage, "WRONG!"
Oh, so your as delusional as #lyingpotus https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.vox.com/platform/amp/policy-and-politics/2017/6/26/15875528/cbo-score-senate-health-care-bill ….
Shouldn't you being making a great deal?
shouldnt you be reading false reports on global warming from the cult of Gore?
Shouldn't you be deflecting... oh wait. You're doing that.
You can't keep pointing your tiny fingers at others when we know who the real obstructor is...YOU

I’ve been living in...

My Own World …
The Democrats have become nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS, they have no policies or ideas. All they do is delay and complain...
And unfortunately we own you. Do you think we can Trade you in for a skunk. We may have to throw in some cash to equal the deal
is Putin's puppet who can sing the Blame Game in English and Russian. Can't wait till Mueller throws you in prison, LOSER.
This tweet is proof how U will do whatever it takes to reverse rolls to avoid taking responsibility for sabotaging the ACA.
You own Ocare. Your inaction and messages of instability are causing problems.  Fix it.
#PaybackIsABitch #Karma #Impeach45
I'm not with you what you're saying
Your great republicans have control and STILL can't do anything, just like YOU!!!
Trouble maker in the WH
No sir at this point you are!
Since you've become @POTUS, you're the owner. Try to understand.

You own a failed administration, a clothing label not made in USA, failed empty towers in 3rd world nations, and how much debt?
