@JoSheram Hopeing he is not the same old crap, every step he takes should be with respect for veterans and families
What his first job should be is fire every incompenant head of departments, if he doesn't nothing changed
The people running VA are shameful, not one should keep job, if they do, very disappointed
@JoSheram makes me pretty nervous that dems voted for this guy 100%,
since Flynn has tweeted he's a Scapegoat, in interest of transparency, honesty, admin should explain what did go on here?
pretty sure that was a parody account Joe. Might want to double check. Fooled me too for a minute.
not surprised. Few followers.But big papers quoted it.The people trying 2bring @realDonaldTrump down will stop at nothing
I'm sure U recall this kind of circus here in Toronto. The leftwing media put targets on Conservatives. Y?
and still do.
where does the hatred stem from??? Why are they so against conservatism?
Sorry bud, but we don't scream racist, sexist, misogynist, xenophobe, nazi, hitler, BlahBlah
the VA already sucks ass. Can it get any worse?
It could.. It could..
oh...great 
oh great about what?
it's not actually great
so what is it then.. So-so?
hopefully does accountability and  cut appeal backlogs Terminology needs change claim backlog to backlog cases period!
Some needs to look into Our Vets not getting deserved VA benefits when coming home with brain tumors and cancer...unreal...
Michelle and Dr. Biden brought the VA out of disaster. I know, I'm a Vet's wife. I'll be watching your efforts.
this AYWHO SHULKIN is a HUGE disappointment, HAS NOT done a damn thing! @POTUS Plz Tell this jerk to get to work or he is FIRED
@SecShulkin making deep cuts to the VA program that aids HOMELESS veterans?  Is that taking “care of Veterans who have fought to protect our country”?   Come on and real help our soldiers. Don’t deprive them.
Congratulations to our new #VASecretary Dr. David Shulkin. Time to take care of Veterans who have fought to protect… htt...
RIP veterans
my daughter us an Iraqi vet.as soon as she got home,no health no dental.she came home w severe PTSD and panic attacks.
Who told her to go there in the 1st place? Iraq for sure didnt ask for her "help".
you absolute cunt, Donnie.
so? I could be an American citizen. Regardless, doesn't weaken my argument.
Praying for you @realDonaldTrump #MadeInTheUSA
he's gonna need all those prayers because he's getting #impeached
impeached based on what?
he's compromised by Russia
oh,  like Obama and Clinton
My husband just said Military and Veterans deserve what they are paying congress
newspaper? Website? Magazine? Radio? Where?
O fucking bama aid on a hot mic that he would have more flexibility after re
Your national security advisor just resigned bc of his deep relations w Russia... 1 door closes, another opens, amiright?
But srsly, wow, you haven't even confirmed your entire cabinet & it's already starting to fall apart—that didn't take long
Next up? Priebus!
Then after the Kellyane & Ivanka for violating federal corruption laws not even a month into office...
That's  why I am sick and tired of OPM, they sell your annuity checks, is the last that I heard.
@paulicus How well does he speak Russian?
maybe he can help my friend Luis (decorate vet) who's fighting with Tri-care to have cancer surgery.
Oh lord
awesome how about a statement of how your administration will do that?

Is the White House, Alzheimer Free-Zone or
Ongoing Geriatric Home?
#OUR #VETERANS R #NOT #FORGOTTEN.#IT'S #TIME #AMERICA #RESPECTS N #SHOWS #GRATITUDE #TOWARDS #OUR #VETERANS #ALWAYS
hope he doesn't fuck up. Our service members deserve better than what they have been getting.
you can start by NOT dismantling the ACA!
By taking away their health care
#VaSecretary WRAMC campus can safely house Vets & families while recovering. Let's do beyond gd enough. Innovate.
Give affordable homes to Vets...or.....
, is he, or you, a veteran?
Who cares especially when you support Putin.
Thats rich, coming from a draft dodger.
Yes and give veterans a card to use with regular hospital
let me guess... his last job was an arms merchant...
if I were you I'd stop and think that California's GDP is 6th largest in the world. I'd them ask them what they need
vets are the forgotten.
Thank you for remembering them!
Or maybe Melania could live at the WH...that money saved would serve the Vets BIGLY.  There's a thought...
#MakeVeteransHealthy
That wouldn't be you. How many deferments again?
fuck trump
what's between his eyebrows?
Finally the cabinet is coming together.
it is GOP who has been blocking caring for them about time they step up, the do nothing but block congress, a lazy lot. Sad
maybe use the money  for the wall on them? Just a thought.
sir I had you you
 will have some conversations with the president of nigeria who is no where to be found for quite some -
means "take care of" in the mafiosa sense... he wishes he was one! but could never handle it!!
Rome is burning.
A shame they can't protect us from you.
I called the VA in Nov 4 an apt with podiatry because of a service connected problem w/my feet. Apt was made for MAR 2017
what ever happened to that 6 million dollars raise for veterans if you release your taxes?
Hope VA Secretary Shulkin is given the resources needed to really help our Vets and Families.
i hope now  the answers to all or most of the problems will be solved
Apped new Dir of Phoenix VA knowing her history of unsterile equip in the VA before being sent to the Philappines Bad Choic

Trump challenged Hillary to release his tax returns for her unreleased emails. Hillary backed down
not just our country but our rights. One of which is being able to criticize government. Or did Stephen Miller forget that
Congratulations, and thanks for  doing what you said in your campaign speech Mr.  President to help Veterans. DON'T STOP!!!
go get em'.
We look forward to a revamped VA system!
what about the vet that was deported to mexico is the VA going to help them?
let's take care of them by removing you and putting in an honest president who doesn't make deal with enemies and lies
congrats
To reunite, STOP occupations,negotiate dismantling ISRAEL ZIONIST entity  APARTHEID"ويسألونك عن الجبال فقل ينسفها ربي نسفا
@KellyAnnePolls Stop flooding VA w/vets from wars 4 Israel http://www.globalresearch.ca/greater-israel-the-zionist-plan-for-the-middle-east/5324815 … Wars pushd by http://hugequestions.com/Eric/TFC/FromOthers/list-of-neocons-for-Iraq-war.htm …
no jokes here. You better take care of the veterans! https://youtu.be/HfqafLjePqw 
He hates this Photo
Flat head(back)
sagging chin
Yuge Jowl
collar overhang
pointed nose, Tee hee RT  @butchparnell @realDonaldTrump
Maybe from the side his nose is pointed, but not from the front!

Flynn resigns -- live coverage on @CNN 
hope you got putins approval!
are you gonna show them the same respect you showed Sen  McCain you draft dodging coward? You should be ashamed! #Traitor
Fantastic! 

#VetsB4Illegals 

@realDonaldTrump
please help blue water navy veterans dying from agent orange. I wrote Obama administration frequently and nothing.
has Shulkin served?
you don't care about veterans. The hiring freeze? Who did you think that would affect?
They are all at #NODAPL and they can really use the help you suggest #divestdonald #DivestDAPL #GrabYourWallet
When you're not shit-talking them because they point out your incompetence, right @SenJohnMcCain? Sad! #Trumpocalypse
Yeah...What did you do when the US needed you in Vietnam?  You made up a heel spur to get your deferments.
From a ww2 and Korean war vet-clean that swamp at  the VA out-stop those bonuses that cause fraud

or take away their benefits as u like to do
And meanwhile you sell us out to Putin. I am waiting to be impressed.
I still wish you would use Senator Scott Brown
congratulations to him, boy he has a job ahead of him , vets have been left out to long. Clean house , need people who care
do NOT SUPPORT Santos goberment is absolutly a corruption goberment DO NOT WAIST THE MONEY WITH SANTOS.
Thanks for nothing, Donald. #DraftDodger
Care of our vets improved dramatically under Obama. You know it. Can't say it. FAKE DONALD FAKE!
Mr. So-called President, every one person elected to chair, two lose their positions. Not the definition of winning, sir.

YES this is looong overdue!
ok....let's see what he's got!!!!
Congratulations, Mr. Secretary.  Lets make the VA great again.
Well your party has been the one that constantly cut the VA budget.
Boy,he has a hard job.I suggest going on the ground and
seeing for yourself what is going on.Leaders will lie to protect.
Awesome. Rid some of the top officials who received bonus for "getting Vets in to be seen" for medical care but Vets died
What the heck do you know about protecting MY country????
bla bla bla.., you suck.
Stop mandating Anthrax vaccines!
REPEAL 1986 NCVIA & Veto HR2232! Kids aren't profit for pHARMa with #NoLiability
Lots to do! Get to work doctor!
Take care of them by killing the ACA?  You are a loser by 2.85 mil and 3-0 in court. #Fascistloofafacedshitgibbon
Why is That? 8: Genocide and Hope in Iraq (Web-extended)
Why is @SenateGOP going on vacation when all @realDonaldTrump nominees are not confirmed? Reps should work atleast 1/2 the #SpeedOfTrump
You have finally made a good choice!
@G6throughF5 Family Member has not been cared for... every benefit has been reduced to nothing. Humiliation&Contempt 2 Vets
and you are gonna do that how? Have them build your wall?
THAT'S COMRADE SHULKIN TO YOU!
What about Russia?
so people who didn't dodge their service like you did! 5 TIMES!!
backlogged vets because VA can't hire qualified nurses, podiatrists, etc...salary scale last updated in 1970's. sad. Help!
@TeamTrump that is awesome! God bless our vets!
#anotherbadpick
To those care more about non-citizens & refugees, and don't want to support veterans & fellow Americans, I say: go to hell.
mr Shulkin FIRE all them low life  Free loaders.they are just there for a paycheck..the top people First.
and..time 4 Seniors Citizens 2 get a decent raise so we can also pay bills rent n good shop..wouldnt that B nice
great pick
Congratulations!
With Trump the stock market soars! With @BarackObama insurance cost and racial hate soars! #TRUMP #Truth
God’s word is your anchor. Drop it deep in your spirit and stand strong when the storms come
boooooooo
he looks rosted to me like a mexican i though change had come to america
YES, I know everything about being a disabled veteran! What the Fuck do you know about serving your country! U KNOW NOTHING
So is this guy a non-veteran who hates veterans? Your other appointments oppose the areas they oversee, so ...
another swamp creature?  Why? #DrainTheSwamp #Resign #ImpeachTrumpNow #Resisr
let's see it
@Catness16 that's the last thing Democrats want to do is stand up for our veterans veterans being freedom
I...don't have anything bad to say about this nomination. I wish your whole cabinet were so wisely chosen.
this surprised me .
Do right by our vets & Israel & U will have my support to the end. congrats 2 Shulkin.
did ether of you serve in the military or did he also brave the "STD trenches" of NYC nightlife like you did?
