Due to smart geo-political moves, and AMERICAN leadership, gas prices are lower for Americans
Obama made Middle Eastern oil producers rich, while KILLING the US Energy sector with endless crippling regulations
Crude oil prices can be volatile. That's largely out of our control, but WE CAN control using CLEAN US Energy, not middle east energy
Democrats have proven they care more about questionable climate science, than they do employing thousands of Americans in the Energy Sector
Pulling out of the Paris Disaster was a BIG STEP in putting millions of Americans BACK TO WORK producing clean US Energy
Low oil prices are an indicator of weak global demand due to decreased manufacturing and production.  This is not a positive.
Jacob your arguments are weak and lack substance much like the man you blindly support. Go scream MAGA down an empty hole and move on bud.
 Is Jacob still a teenager?
BECAUSE SAUDI ARABIA FLOODED THE MARKET WITH CHEAP OIL TO STOP US OIL TECH DEVELOPMENT!

OH MY GOD DO YOU NOT KNOW THAT?
Trump, SA literally made it unprofitable to invest in US oil and has spent the last decade trying to stop US oil drilling tech development!
That is the ONLY reason oil is cheap! How can you POSSIBLY think this is about YOU & WHY WOULD YOU PRAISE AN ANTI-US MOVE BY SAUDI ARABIA?
Unless you're about to cut a really disgustingly disadvantageous deal with the Saudis and drain US oil reserves.

Uh oh.
Gas prices are out of any President's control.

But since you want to take credit for everything...you are the reason birds suddenly appear everytime you are near.
You are the reason the sun is out. You are the reason children play and you are the reason that people smile.
Please CNN...will you give this Emmyless man some credit for the amazing things he did like invent oxygen and build a space shuttle. PLEASE!
And of course bringing back that sweet sweet nectar of the gods coal. MAGAGAGAGA TILL THE NIGHT ENDS BABY!
Where in this tweet did he claim responsibility for low gas prices. He was just making a statement...
 Nice try on trying to spin. It didn't work!

You the libtards? No one cares!
You have 9 followers.  Step your game up and come at us.
Gas prices are low because demand is low thanks to clean energy and better car efficiency led by the previous administration. #ThanksObama
You really are the master of trying to take credit for other people's successes. #DonTheCon
With your policies this might be the lowest we will see gas prices for dacades since you are trying to stifle clean energy innovation.
Fuck off and go golf another Round
Wrong Pres, that was @BarackObama golfing on our 
Wrong he's been golfing 36 times in 6 months, take your racist bullshit elsewhere
You look silly calling a black women racist. Misinformed for sure Obama golfed not even a 10th what Trump has.
It's not a real account
What I think it's real
Trump has golfed more in his first 4 months than Obama took days off in his first term.
Not true. You either have the worst research department ever or you can't stop lying. Anyone who owns a car remembers the 2008-2009 prices:

Read your own damn article. ON THE 4th not the lowest in 12 years. Words are hard.
Is today not the 4th? Words are extra hard when you're not smart enough to properly contextualize them w/o common sense.
Your president said "lowest in the U.S. in over ten years". Not lowest on 4th July. It's just wrong. Was lower January '16 too.
It's not wrong at all. W/o qualifying the date, there's no way to know what he meant. Common sense leads you to believe he meant July 4th.
Common sense leads me to think Trump heard the same fact and didn't read the article and doesn't understand the context.
Ding ding ding!  We have a winner.
Gas prices were LOWER for 42 WEEKS just in 2016 alone.
You know, when Barack Obama was our president. https://www.eia.gov/dnav/pet/hist/LeafHandler.ashx?n=PET&s=EMM_EPMR_PTE_NUS_DPG&f=W …



7 years into @BarackObama 's rein I would remind people that when @GeorgeWBush left office gas was a $1.99 #Trump #MAGA
Payed $1.83 this morning... #Trump #Wins
In San Antonio 2 years ago...under Obama
Typical leftist posts photo-shopped image to defend Obama. Food mart promo of temp gas prices with purchase. Note bottom of marquee blocked
Chew on this!
I look forward to voting for you, again. 

Yes, I said again. *Wink*
Fam of 18 legal mex American waiting to vote for trump #2020 #Maga
Thank you so much. Seriously. 

Nothing but love. 
Scott, it doesn't matter how much you flirt with the Orange Nutter, he will never love you. He doesn't even love his own children.
Further evidence Liberals are just horrible people.
Horrible Liberals that play golf after James Foley was murdered.
Lol
Gas prices have nothing to do with presidents. They also go up. Plan now who you want to blame when that happens.
So much the break, huh?  :)
This is part of my break. Speak to the source. :)


Actually, gas prices were lower for 6 months 2008-9, 6 months in 2015, and 11 months in 2016 https://www.eia.gov/dnav/pet/hist/LeafHandler.ashx?n=PET&s=EMM_EPM0U_PTE_NUS_DPG&f=M …
@uknowthagod @JamesHenke1 @NJW13250 @PeterCarline Thank you!
We just keep winning, folks. #AmericaFirst 
SI SE PUEDE!!!!!!
You're fired.
Which isn't even that fuckwit Trump's catchphrase. He stole it!
From a British TV show, I presume?

I'm so proud you're our President. Best #July4th ever.
#MyAmerica !
Let me guess, you heard it on @CNN 
Wait until the Keystone Pipeline is finished and we work towards oil independence. #MAGA
right...except that isn't our oil and it will be shipped out to be refined somewhere else.  So, zero long term benefit.
You can't tell Scott anything like facts, he lives in a fantasy world, all unto himself I think...don't try logic with him, it doesn't work.
The weather is also very nice in Washington today. Thank you, o' thee most magnificent president ever.
Gas should be at $1.35 a gallon and that's it. Our entire paychecks shouldn't go to paying for gas to go to our jobs!
And didn't you say yesterday you brought the DOW back.... even though obama did from 2009 till 2016. 7000 back to 19000
Oh you mean the bail out scam? The elite saving the elite? BO blamed Bush for all our countries woes for 8 years. I remember that.
Donald Trump blames tv morning hosts for why people don't like him acting like a d--k. I thought we were way past this.
D--ks tend to do okay in life, I agree.
Mine's still doing great! No complaints in 40 years of chasing the rabbit.
All thanks to Obama. You literally have done nothing that caused any of this to happen.
Ignorance, but cute dog!
lol thanks
Not true.  February, 2011. When Barack Obama was President. #LiarInChief

Happy #IndependenceDay!
Yassss
hell yes!! Let's nationalize the gas companies and give it away for free!!!
You know how much the government makes off gas already?
exactly! Free gas for all!
When does government ever retract a tax?  I'm down for free gas tho lol
Aside from what you wrote not actually being true, the sentiment of not attacking your enemies on a holiday is a nice change.
Things you can claim credit for: Effects of climate change on your watch

Things you can't claim credit for: Gas prices going up or down
When did he claim credit for the low prices? It was a statement about his hopes for the future
Okay.
So what's your point then?
Oh, sorry, you mistook my derisive "okay" as an "okay" of acquiescence.
Here, let me gif it for you.
Thanks for the travel ban, working with South Korea/Japan, freeing Americans from Egyptian prison, & manufacturing jobs.
Taking healthcare away from millions, making billionaires wealthier, and advancing climate change which may be irreversible in 3 years!!!!
Lmao is that what CNN tells you ?
I know it's voluntary and barely puts a dent in the problem, but right now we need to buy time.
Working the talk 
In 2015 it was $41 dollars a barrel under Obama. It's currently, under you, $48 a barrel. As usual, your pants are on fire.
This is a complete lie and false everything. I paid $1.30 a gallon in January 2009 when Obama was inaugurated. That's fact. Look it up.
So Obama lowered gas prices on Inauguration Day, nice guy
No he didn't. It happened regardless of him. And regardless of Trump.
Can you please shut up for one day? Thank you.
Why? So even more drivers ca contribute to global warming?
In Europe, Norway, The Netherlands lead the way : they will get rid of cars run on petrol x replace them with electric cars
We are so far behind here in North America
even in 'green canada'? still driving gas-guzzling cars?
True, there are some encouraging signs, like Quebec province pushing for greater use of its hydro power
Once again Trump is living in wonderland minus Alice because even she can't stand to be around him. Gas prices were much lower in 2016.
#GovJerryBrown Must be holding off on lowering Gas Prices in California - maybe he needs a phone call. 

Remember OIL is not a FOSSIL FUEL 
This whole OIL conspiracy is going to backfire soon.  Not sure who is still controlling the purse strings; but folks are catching on 
It's too bad we can't run our country on bullshit, because we seem to have a surplus of that lately.
PLEASE help us become supplier of choice for POL and Eastern Europe @POTUS!!
We're building LNG terminals, but they take a while to come online. Our first shipment started a couple months ago.
I know they are an significant undertaking. Does shipping oil or other products to them make economic sense?
Crude exports have gone up sharply in past 2 years, but we're still a large net importer. We export shale crude and refine Mexican crude
It depends on geography and type of crude. Shale crude has few contaminants. It's very clean, easy to refine. Hang on.
This is a good thread we had today on it. Brad Setser (guy in thread) is a good person for info on this.
US oil exports surged in 2015 
No sir, you cannot lift the #Exxon sanctions on #Russia. @realDonaldTrump
Does anyone know what SPF is recommended for blocking people?
45
All thanks to you I suppose
Update: Gas prices hit a 27-month high. $GASO
More relevant chart
No I think the first chart was more relevant
because it amplifies your anti-Trump narrative ? Shame
No because gas prices are the highest in 27 months
Well, about a year ago gas here in Las Vegas was under $2 and now it is $2.62/gallon, so this doesn't seem accurate, shockingly enough.
My electric car & solar panels don't care. Pity you can't see the future. But if you stick your head in the sand, I guess all you see is oil
This is a blatant lie. No surprise here.
Took us OUT of Paris Climate Garbage, which would've raised your costs - lowering energy costs for businesses = cheaper prices #AmericaFIRST
Oddly enough as part of the PCA we managed to lower prices below $1.85/gallon under Obama. Someone’s math isn’t adding up.
Thanks Obama!
Your tweets read like the well-meaning hopeful wishes of someone who learned English as a 4th language 2 months ago.
This one reads like someone who haphazardly scribbled a "brb" note by the door before rushing out.
Like you would know. You've never driven yourself.
I thank @BarackObama for the low prices. Trump hasn't done anything since being in office (& the crap ur trying to pass, keep it that way)
Then don't encourage war between Saudis and Qatar
@cnn what are you smoking dude?Gas prices are way higher under your rule than in the last several years! More BS from your brain again?
Im smoking pot. Gas prices are under $2. WTF are you talking about?

I own a trucking company dude. I don't buy much gas (for my mower)But I am buying about $2000 in fuel a day. 3 years ago I was paying $4000
without trucks, we would be eating grass.So thanks for trucking our goods to market! Any decrease in prices are good.
Also, gas prices are least of America's problems.

*except California
How about electric cars? That might help in so many ways.
And if there's anything you excel in, it's going lower.
Yeah Donald, he's sharp...
Dit is tussen mij en Donald, Rud.
Thanks to Iran, yes.
You are despicable. Praying for your heart attack!
@realDonaldTrump 
 #FreeKevinTrudeau
u really don't understand what the low gas prices represent do U? If the price is really low a lot of people aren't working. Look 4 balance
One, this is a lie. Two, you have no role in any rise or drop in oil. New technologies you don't favor reduce demand. Arabs flood market
Wrong once again, Donald. 2/16/16, $1.30 gal. New Orleans, LA. This was under Obamas watch. #stoplyingtoAmerica
呵呵
Update: Gas prices hit a 30-month high...

(Side note: they did not hit their "lowest in the US in over 10 years" last July.)
The biggest risk to the economy is rising oil/gas prices.
Not here in now crummy California
Gun prices?
It was going low before you became president.  Increase wages, Fix ACA you own it. You sabotage it..Education, Stop kissing Putin ass.
What happened to gas prices gas prices in Waxahachie Texas just went back to $2.09 vs $1.80
no they are not #ImpeachTrump
No. They aren’t. Why do you lie about such easily refuted stuff? Oh. Also here’s proof that you are nothing but a lying piece of.
Where are you buying gas? Haven't seen this anywhere. Fake news again?
In that case check out my FB page Gas Prices Memes, you may be a fan
I love this
Not in Michigan. Michigan has the highest gas tax in the United States!
thanks for state government added another 8 cnts a gallon tax
Update: Gas prices hit a 29-month high...

(Side note, minor detail: they did not hit their "lowest in the US in over 10 years" last July.)
High energy prices coincide if not cause recessions.
And lower taxes offset?
Cut entitlements in 2018 for the lower taxes in 2017
Entitlement to pay property tax on $800k home?
the net tax cut of $1.5b caps SALT at 10k. Cut down on freebies from the people who can but don't work.
Wrong again Obama , gas is now down close to $2.00 a gallon , who looks stupid now ?
bruh gas is 60 cents higher in illinois than in myrtle beach
Thank you President Barack Obama
Cease to talk off the top of your head. It will reduce gas emissions tremendously.
Low gas prices=low price per barrel of oil=low revenue for oil companies=low drilling=low employment in that sector.
There's no way this is correct! Where do you get your facts? Sean Spicer?
It's like we have a surplus because of a giant gaseous windbag
Then you definitely can't afford to resurrect coal!
THATS BULLSHIT.....I was paying 75 cents LESS per gallon two years ago under OBAMA!!!!!!  #LiarInChief 
So you're either not good at math or not good at history but cool story, bro.  #FakeNews
Anything is possible with your leadership @Mr.President
And sea levels to rise even higher! But when we're having to evacuate from our homes from flooding I'm sure we'll appreciate low gas prices!
sir Then Invade iran and korea
Well I could disagree
Bish where?! I remember it was under $2 in Indiana once..... not even close right now!
It would be nice if we could get diesel prices back down to where they used to be. It's almost impossible for owner operators to survive.
Not here in California!
They are still pretty low here. There isn't much of anything low in CA tho. Lol. 
The prices themselves have been great! These idiots that have commandeered our state are adding 75cents/gallon TAX! Outrageous!
Prices are still the same from when Obama was in office here  in Washington state...I wish we could get the lower prices your talking about!
Thank you #BarrackObama for the low gas prices!!
So glad gas prices are going down!!
Saskatchewan got a nice .10 cent hike yesterday!
I don't think this is true. some are citing stats from DOE, other gov't orgs to say it isn't, but I'm just going by memory of abt 7 yrs ago
I think it still pretty high lol
Where? Cause 2 years ago they were less than 2$ a gallon here where i am
Currently theyre at 2.50 a gallon. Only in #alternativefacts is 2.50$ less than 2$
Where do u buy gas in DC? It's expensive around here and I'm looking for a good deal
@BarackObama Thank you President Obama. Your leadership & dedication to the USA is sorely missed. What we have now is disgrace.
Dont you have something more important to do than tweet? Like make hotel reservations? #NotMyPresident
Except in California!!
lol @ summer blend
@EmSwierk22 *takes credit for another mans work*
So that's why you and putin have a good reason
#trump rocks,...thanks for creating #greateconomy,,,..we #fixed another #Obama disaster,...
Wrong. 2 years ago I paid $1.68 in Oklahoma & it is not that low right now.
Thanks Obama
It is a demonstrable fact that gas prices are not the lowest in over ten years, but you are a propagandist more than a president.
Really?! The Gas prices are climbing here in Cali thx to our idiot Libtard Gov @JerryBrownGov 
I think we can expect a lot of things to hit rock bottom under your leadership
We can thank Obama for that
No they aren't! You're stupid!
Delusional old fart
No they're not. #FakeNews
I'd like to see below $1. Last time that happened was 2000 time frame.  Lets be energy independent & be a leader in exporting energy.  #MAGA
Actually, the lowest price in the past 10 years was in December 2008 when the average dropped between $1.50-$2 per gallon.
Uhm I remember when gas was less then a dollar
And there's your War on Coal.
免费送吗？
Now this FAKE news
this is fake news
It was $4.69 for regular the other day
Prices vary like crazy. I've seen $2.69 and $4.69 and everything in between this summer. Frustrating at times
Not where I live!! Up 60 cents a gallon since Jan.
Not even close to being true.
I paid $3.39 for regular unleaded yesterday... WAY up!!!
Thank you Mr President! God is using you in amazing ways, You are an inspiration. We thank the Lord for a President that loves our country
It is time to get off oil. It I'd distorting the earth.
Declare you independent on Big Money companies. Learn from the lifestyle in the Netherlands.
#FakeNews
No they are not......
Want really, really low gas prices . . . release oil leases in the Gulf and Alaska! And grant more Oil drilling leases darn it!
When the streets asphalt grip your shoes, then you might know what global warming means. Or maybe you'll invent heat resistant asphalt.
And Trump had absolutely nothing to do with this
I guess you did this too, right? WRONG! Thanks @POTUS44.
The big oil companies can make money by exporting products to Europe, thanks to Donald Trump.
Actually they've been rising since you've been in office.
Didn't you just invest time, energy and US national resources into the oil industry? But it's the least profitable it's been in 10 years?
Thanks to President Obama's energy policies.
The gas prices being reasonable has been a great advantage to my family. More $ in my pocket! Thank you. #CNNBlackmail
You are delusional.
What gas station were YOU at? Cause NO, I guarantee you, it is NOT at the lowest it's been in ten years. Get your eyes checked. #DumpTrump
Exception. California tax crazy liberal politions. Increased gas tax beyond limits. Liberal idiots. Can't wait to sell our home there.
Awesome!  Thanks Mr. President!
Governor Moonbeam just increased our gas tax to "fund" his bullet train that will never be completed. Gotta pay his cronies off.
If you would like to see them go lower, step aside and let Obama take over as President again, because you can't do shit right!
Someone is desperate for a win.
Yes; thanks to Real President @POTUS44. But it's not what your Saudi pals like to see; quite the opposite, I believe. Haven't u discussed?
I just paid 2.85, how is that cheap?
This is an alternative fact which used to be called a lie. Gas prices are low right now but they were lower many times just last yesr
- Are you insane?!?!? They were considerably lower last year!! PLEASE, get your facts right BEFORE commenting! Embarrassing
This isn't even close to actually being true. #fakenews
Meanwhile in California  [a coast port state]  only Hawaii tops prices here 
Not for consumers.
#ElectElvis
Thank you President Obama!  Imagine how much better things would be if we still had Obama!
Gas prices are OK. The cost and the taxes are paid by the users of the product. That's quite fair.
Now if we could just use the oil found in our country and stop buying oil from outside the country, wouldn't that be swell?
Thank you Barack Obama!

CNN On Brink Of Collapse: Audience Numbers ‘Lowest Ever’ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HN0zvhLT7sY … 
Not true where I live. Gas prices were lowest here in 2015 (less than $2/gallon), and were lower than now in 2016.
Our brilliant state gov back doored a gas tax that's going to make us pay nearly $1 more a gallon...please help us normal people in CA!
I just paid $2.19 per gallon. They dropped below $2.00 under Obama. Sorry But that's true facts. Yours are fake news.
Bullshit!
Thank you for all your hard work
Falso faggo

An Emirati social media activist arrested by the authorities on charges of sympathizing with Qatar
#Free_Ghanim #UAE
me too!!!
We need to get rid of the Democrats who overtax at the fuel pumps, like in Washington State! Ridiculous overpricing! Dems must go! NOW!
The US Oil business needs at least 45.00/barrel for crude. Ask Rex.
WRONG  Obama had the lowest gas prices.
That's FAKE news dude. I have a photo of the day my 5 yr old granddaughter was born and gas was 1.79 a gal. Today It's 2.15 a gal.
