Since Nov GM has layed off 5,000.  Ford looking to cut 10% worldwide.  Fiat Chrysler 3,200 temporarily in Toledo.  Great work micromanaging!
He is working
All paying less than 1 dollar an hour, we need to compete with "GYNA"
Do.All your previous presidents promised before election like Ukrainian president. He didn't stop killing of locals for Biden shell gas co.
Will be meeting at 9:00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in America. I want new plants to be built here fo...
We love you Trump & will stand with you! God bless Trump & family
About time somebody did the right thing
There are tons of unused plants in Michigan..... drive by them all the time, sad but true.
quit with the insane Exec orders, attend briefings and let those who don't rip off shareholders run their companies.
the people will quit leave the man alone he will straighten out of America but the too many hypocrites
and today GM announced 1,100 job cuts.  Good job there Mr. T.  Good Job.
keep up the good work mr president.
@madcommoner WE WANT COOL CARS!!
Bring them to the Southern Tier NY!
Mr. President, some medical record transcription services are being outsourced to India? How does HIPPA law protect us?
Okay, @realDonaldTrump, but this is what modern car plants look like:
https://www.facebook.com/thom.taylor.35/posts/10209338866014767 …
#retrain #automate
thank's boss
Jesus please take the wheel
Take time to watch Netflix "CARTEL LAND"however much you can stand before you send our military to take back OUR border!
Yes!!!
then they hands ti have over all cost breaks here and Tax breaks here.  We the people can't keep pain more!!
@POTUS STAND BEHIND FLYNN. NO CRACKS IN THE DAM!!!!!
good luck on the meeting. Ignore all the haters.
delusion, denial, selective attention, selective inattention, lying by omission #45iknowwhatyouare #yourmaskisbroken
Built the wall
There are a few start up companies who could use your supporr.Nikola One.Look'em up.
its about time someone in power finally gives a shit about the auto industry.
keep up the good work, Mr. President.  More are for you than against. Trust us.
@POTUS When does Trump Co. build factories? Oh wait...your campaign hats were MADE IN CHINA

#BullshitterInCheif
A great idea was recently posted on FB. Have people purchase bricks with their name on it to help build the wall
please help me
or we could focus on new industry instead of a dying one.
9:00 at night? In the day? Are you using twenty four hour time? If time is important, tell us what it is.
yes they will return with robots. America too costly for manual labour, as you know, keeping your manufacturing off shore.
or you could like help fix Flint, Michigan's water crisis...but that's alright, you have priorities I see
No president has ever turned #announcements into reality so quickly.Dont´t forget:We Germans have best #cars & #engineers
Do you want to prevent the automobile industry from selling cars outside the US? Tariffs do not protect workers.
love you Trump
Good thing Obama saved the auto industry so they are available to be threatened. #fdt
keep up the good work! Let's keep America safe and strong.
tell them to build something that we can afford to buy i live on ss and thats all disabled vet i need something newer to dr
Prob is USA makes shit cars @realDonaldTrump
right on
love u, thank u
Thank God, and TRUMP!
make sure they are Afforable.or people won't buy them.
don't forget the Coal Miner's and do not forget that Obamacare takes care of their black lung
this means a lot, coming from a family of mechanics and businessmen in the automobile industry! Thanks
Google make 54% revenue fr outside America, but provide only 38% jobs, rest of 62% kept in America. Unfair! #BoycottGoogle
built by America is great, but if imports are still more affordable what have we gained?
. Love what your doing!! Can we look at Call Center jobs next, they are moving out of America just as fast..
The American car should regain its international stature as the leading flagship in quality, persona and originality.
yea well we want you to stop your freakn twitter wars to you clueless ass but we all see how that worked out.
keep on fighting, you will. No quit man. Thanks for have the b___ls to not be politically correct,kicking ass to protect us
willing to pay American workers top dollar to run these plants, build these cars, and not #sellout? Get that in writing.
Why not invest more in public transport?Cause of carIndustry?But if we don't have2buy a car, we need less work to do.
your last negotiation with a was a disaster.  Tax money spent to enrich their coffers and a save a measly amount of jobs.
Please stop.  Just do.   We are a nation of immigrants.  Henry Ford was a child of immigrants.  That's our values.
....strong hand....we are with you
Awesome!!! And have them make cars with metal instead of plastic. Definite health hazards, not like it used to be!
country is more than half liberal.
- all the deplorable I know drive foreign cars!
@POTUS Will the workers be paid better t'han at wallmart?
I am sure you reached out to the family of chief Owens but didn't see a tweet or other mention of it
You said Japanese auto market is unfair. As you say, gas tax is very high in Japan,so it's difficult to sell US car in Jpn.
If U want to sell US cars in Japan, you have 2 options. 
Option1: put pressure on Japan to lower the gas tax.
Option2: developping more fuel-efficient cars by the US car makers.
It's a fact that the very high gas tax in Japan is a non-tariff barrier.
I have a few awesome designs myself.
wow I hope all the other components are ready to do there part so the jobs  can return to america
Sorry part of America/themedia is like a toddler fighting against getting their poop cleaned. Thank you for the honest love
not gonna happen when they can get Jobs done cheaper&sell to those with more money ,China,Canada etc we r not only coumtry
we need to get to the legislation set that people can be fired in the government
good job on firing her
I DON'T believe in DICTATORSHIP
You are doing a great job! The media only represents a small minority.
keep up the great work Mr. President!
Uh, yeah, Obama already did that.
@POTUS - most of your voters drive foreign cars!
Well, thank you for caring about the environment!!!!
Absolutely !!!
Great job
great job...Keep up the good work.
a real fool
When will a Voter ID be implemented? Thank you for everything so far, Mr. President! 
Monday. After you show us your tax returns you could always try creating some jobs in America by fixing the water in Flint
UTC and Carrier just closed a plant in Arden Hills Minnesota and transferred most of the high tech jobs to Gdansk, Poland
#smallHANDS #smallCOCK #smallMIND #FuckYouTrump
They all know you haven't beaten the stock market since at least 1980. Everyone knows. You're a business lightweight.
u should also stop outsourcing ur businesses & have the product made and sold here! Bring your businesses back!
good job Mr President congratulations...
@POTUS  didn't Ford just announce they're moving 100's of jobs to Mexico from Canada?  Why not here!?
We need a car plant in Georgia Donald 
keep making your clothes overseas. Great example.
steel company   stop free trade Obama said shot show lol
stop obamas.. Free. Trade shit. Show.  Steel company's in USA COME BACK STRONG.
you are destroying our beautiful country.
American cars are pretty shitty, regardless of where they're built. Foreign cars can't be beat!!
And I want cars to triple in price!
we have enough cars
nice
you want plants built here for cars sold here? What if the plants use robots, do you still want them HERE?
@POTUS #StopPresidentBannon
Banning muslim jihadis & their sympathizers is NOT discrimination. It is a POLITICAL not religious movement
@POTUS  You will always be white trash. Or orange, I mean.
@POTUS  I know you have a lot of fears that you're not a legitimate president. Mostly because you're not.
President Trump,I admire you so much, You are a breath of fresh air a true inspiration to the world. Terry in the UK .
@POTUS  You're what happens when dumb Americans vote. They elected a Russian payed for, puppet.
right, after all you know absolutely nothing about foreign trade. You are so ignorant!
@POTUS Nie mein Führer!
Применение робототехники вызовет сокращение рабочих мест, американцы будут против мексиканцев,это решение проблемы.
do any of you kids and family drive @FordAutoShows fords?
and how much more are they going to cost?
I know you have the hump with him @GaryLineker but this is good?
اکثر مردم ایران در فقر هستن...پول ندارن بین استانی سفر کنند چه برسه به امریکا...اکثر این ناراضی ها اقازاده ها هستند..
دمت گرم
American cars are awful, poor build quality etc, you need to fix that first
Respected Dear Sir, Muslims danger only, they know killing, violence.  So BAN entry in USA for Pakistanis also
- help me if you can!
me too
Mr. President, please pardon julian assange
Mr. President.
And the gas will come from Russia?
If they are smart they will get the fuck out of this country. You will tax them and they'll pass it on to us! Donny Genius
thank you sir.keep up the good work.
yes!
Sir, BAN Pakistan to enter in USA permanently.
Sir  ban Pakistan first for many years. It is breading  place  of terrorists. Terrorists moving in Pak.  no  resistance.
.... have you EVER read a book
.....sure doesn't sound like it!
and I want a president who isn't a complete embarrassment to humanity... we don't always get what we want, Donny.
I support your presidency but climate change is real. Don't ignore it; support efforts to manage it.
we should not have hate in this country we should have peace and equality. Why is this happening?
tell the Nissan guys I need some free parts
tired of your BS, your only goal is to make yourself & rich friends richer
Hey! When are you going to have your clothing made in the USA? Also, when are you setting up the blind trust?
what can you do about lowering the cost of homes?  It is  to where only if you receive an inheritance you can afford one.
when are you and Ivanka moving your factories to USA?
not going to happen
can you give greater tax benefits to alternative energies?
POTUS U ARE INCREDIBLE KEEP GOING THE USA LOVES U.TRUE BELIEVER.UR LOYAL BML
Cars built by our people, for our people? Is this the new Volkswagen, Adolf Chump?
n I struggled 2 PERSERVE GOD & MY GOOD/HOLY NAMES Now I can buy a nice car!! d #HolySpirit does-->
Yeah!! d @ChiAutoShow is around d corner & since I hv d Romans 8:17 GLORY? d #HolySpirit said I can get my BLESSINGS now
Ilove realy Mr trump please send our people back home to Somalia
what about all your business overseas? Are you bringing it back to America?
