And for saying that vets were not proud until he came along? Or is that okay too?
Because I work with vets I can tell you they aren't getting the help they need!
Love so much president you are the best!!! Good every thing to do.
Have they taken your phone away? is that why you are playing with missiles and bombs - you can’t tweet?
That photo op was to recognize our POLICE & First Responders. You disrespect them by turning this into a political issue!
It was a great honor to welcome Atlanta's heroic first responders to the White House this afternoon! https://t.co/ZtC14A...
Dumb s$$
When other people point out that what you're supporting is dangerous you should listen. Do research. Read something at least once in life
Whats the pig doing with all of those brave law enforcement officers?
Respect the office people! don't have to like who's at the desk. It's called Democracy! many showing their ignorance & stupidity
Then why can't the 9/11 FR get financial help for illnesses. Pictures do nothing action does!
Obama son would of shot them
China prez laughing at your naïveté. Damn Chinese created prob for US by giving nuke tech to NK and u are lavishing praise!
At last a President who treats the Armed Forces with Decency & respect!
But not vets.
on the side, they hate you, don.
You do everything right!
Oh Sean sean sean you the speaker of all time speakers. I've got nothing to tell you. You poor little thing. #HAHA

INorgh Korea President is not JOKING DONALD TRUMP
So, are you suggesting we should just stand by and let the N. Korean dictator become a real nuclear threat?
#KeepBannon #PresidentTrump
http://KeepBannon.com  
Nazi mound of 
All true #americanheros except that dude sitting in the middle. #dumptrump #failingpresident #failure #poorratings
That photo op was to recognize our POLICE & First Responders. You disrespect them by turning this into a political issue!
The one pointing the finger... usually has the dirtiest hand. #MaraLago #TaxPayers #AirForceOne #GetWoke #PotusUnfit #TrumpRussia #Resist
I'm guessing you are referring to our media and their "finger pointing" at our President?
Your team has turned international affairs into a full fledged goat rodeo.
Show us your tax returns, "Mr. President"!
@realDonaldTrump #TheResistance #TaxReturns #TaxMarch
American need jobs, terrorism in America, healthcare, & homeless Veterans - and you want to see tax returns? Dude where are your priorities?
 
#HAHA
Good Job. We the People Love our President Donald Trump
YES WE DO!
You won't when the Trickle Down economics affect you. Never worked for Reagan and won't work now!
Thank you first responders, sorry you had to be subjected to trump.
What are you doing with Canada.  Crazy
You have truly MADE e/day the WH H a beautiful center for Amer effort to restore Amer to greatness —> ur the BEST Pres Trump very proud of u
Congrats fellow LEO! Ill tell everyone right now, if Trump does not pursue the border wall construction by trying to appease Dems, no vote!
Hello Mr. Trump.
Congratulations became the president 's my honor. I had requested. Girls take boys from Iran to America. Iran is not OK 
Are rhey there to revive you cause you are lost in your own mind
Thanks for having us there, @realDonaldTrump! Mad Dog Marco looking real spiffy on the right #VeniBites #MadDog
#triggered
North Korean should be flattered
It's too bad that you spend all your time doing photo ops & bloviating, but spend no time learning what your job is all about.
Thank you for recognizing these men & women. EMTs, first responders work so hard, saving lives, leaving family on holidays to help others.
#loserPOTUS
Thank you for honoring them. They save many of our lives here in Atl  I85. Thank you. Keep the good job despite dem opposing God bless you.
GodBlessTheUSA
The more photo ops you prey on the less competent you appear!
Keep up good work. We love and support you !! AND WE ARE THE MAJORITY!!!
Nic picture sir you are so butyfull
Congratulations Atlanta's heroic ♡
Why didn't they where invited to Mar Lo
if joined them in the same standing moment looks good
BEAUTIFUL
I told you that the gas attack was a false flag.  You are disappointing me Mr. President.
Why does a city the size of Atlanta have only 12 first responders?
Why can't you stand with them? See your a cocky bully/creep!
you summoned them. They can't really say no now, can they
#DonTheCon
it's indeed a very great honor you excellence. I your mode of operation in power. Happy Easter.
Great Honor. Slow down Trumpy you used 50 percent of your vocabulary!!!! Great!!
Nice stunt! G6 has other ideas, Sir.
The way you invite/honor people is amazing! Your heart shines through!
¡Get rid of Puerto Rico!
Go ahead and cut their retirement benefits.
#ReleaseYourTaxes
if you're tired of samuel.l.jackson cancel your Capital One card he is really bad
i need more butlers/
Yes indeed.
What would you know about that Mr [cowardly] Fart?
I want u succeed 100+100%  =200 President Tump Sir,
It's my dream i hope u complete it what i started my journey??!
Where is @KellyannePolls? I don't see her in this picture. ;)
A great president are to be HONOR in all cus......#right#
Wish they could say the same!
Ironic eh...heroes surrounding a draft dodging COWARD...
OMG! For a minute I got excited thinking they were there to arrest you. Talk about a let down!
Mr. President, Thank God, for all these brave and wonderful human beings, that place their lives on the line each and everyday!
The exploiter-in-chief, now using first responders!
@realDonaldTrump Please don't start WW III.
Thank you.
Like you would know who they are and what their job is!
You are the warriors all over the world You are the warriors around the world to suppress peoples and lead them into the colony
50 percent approval rating. What are they smoking ?? Oh that's among Republicans. And I am a Republican.
the single worst formation mankind has ever seen.
YOU'VE PROBABLY NEVER WORKED A DAY OF YOUR LIFE WHERE YOU WERE IN DANGER OR GOT DIRT UNDER YOUR FINGERNAILS.  BORN WITH SILVER SPOON
Those are the dudes you insulted just months ago.
Thankfully you respected these people enough to not allow your @KellyannePolls to put her feet up on the sofa in the OVAL OFFICE!
Obama never invited anyone to the White House unless they were a racist group like him.,
This guys face explains all
You should be bowing to them! You are not worthy to share the air they breathe!
Liar, not an Honor.  A Public Relations ploy.   TAX RETURNS.
I like that he's honoring 1st responders... but they need better training on when you actually need to draw your weapon! Serve and Protect!
Nothing to do with the election this week, right? 
Transparent.
If you have 2 nuclear bomb on Baekdu mountain throws all of North Korea and destroy your half land of China also
Very good!!
I'm sure you'll flip-flop on this as well when Georgia elects a Democrat for Congress. Tick Tock!
Maybe they can return when it's time to arrest you.  Wouldn't that make for a better photo-op
Great nice job. SHOW UR TAXES = NO COLLUSION W USSR
Show them (and us) your taxes!
Liar
Obama put basketball players and rappers over them. Good Going @POTUS !
ALL the trump family and their cabinet are a digrace!
And thanks to our first responders for their great service and for putting up with you guys.
You are all a huge joke and embarrassment to our country! Morons! I would you all lots of jail time soon!!!
God Bless our first responders!
The same ones you excoriated during campaign saying " rep Lewis district was terrible inner city problems." Hypocrite #45*
Donald Trump > obama
THANK GOODNESS we have brave men and women, because you're a coward and a draft dodger. No one will ever look up to you...EVER. Such a fool.
Those are the heroes.  But they still know that the GOP takes benefits away from 9/11 heroes.
Keep up the good work.  14 yrs Navy.  About time we have a real commander
You have the Oval office tricked out like a whorehouse. I guess it makes you comfortable, Sleazy.
you realize that some of those fine men are black, right? many of your supporters will take issue with that. sad!
Teddy Roosevelt said, hyphenated Americans are un-American. All I see are American Heros! Nice pic.
WHAT A GREAT PHOTO
This wold not have happened in the last 8 years, not that I remember.
Stark contrast to the former president who belittled the police regularly.  Nice to see our First Responders being appreciated.
YOU HAVE NEVER HEARD FIRST RESPONDERS COMMENDED BEFORE?  THINK OF WHAT POTUS HAS SAID ABOUT CRIME IN CHICAGO
I heard a lot more criticism than commendation from former prez. I.e. Police acted "stupidly" in ref to Prof Gates.
Nice to see you kept that mangy Conway off the couch for this one.
Did you ask them how building 7 fell down?
You do get your ya-yas off playing general and cop, don't you? Pretty pathetic, since #strong men have no need to play act.
what is your next policy for Indians?
Why do people take pictures with you? Don't they know it tanks their credibility??
why are americans always so Fat?! look at those asses, wonderful!
I would've rather gone to the dentist. A funeral even. You're the worst.
Mr. President, we don't need Mike Pence to come to Indonesia..if you know the truth...actually there' s no interest for now
Great Job !! First Responders !!!
They don't like u
@PressSec yep. They all hate you
You are so full of it. All for the image again and again and.....
speaking of heroic, the Apprentice President is too much of a PUSSY to attend the correspondence dinner. BOO HOO. WAH WAH
Show us your taxes! Show us your taxes! Show us your taxes! Show us your taxes! Show us your taxes! Show us your taxes! Show us your taxes!
I'm telling my kids that Trump is on of the best presidents ever. EVER!
You are the photo op POTUS. All image and no results. Sad @CNNPolitics @nytimes @washingtonpost @HuffPostPol @maddow @thehill
Congratulations
I've always wanted to write a biography titled "How I Made My Millions Off of Donald Fucking Trump." #satire #heckling #amwriting
God bless the UNITED States of America
Good photo like this.
You were in Florida 3 days ago.
If it's such an honor, why did your party defund the budget to cover first responders at 9/11?
Can it be...Atlanta has only one token woman first responder?
WHEN EVER TRUMP AND OR THE GOP IS IN TROUBLE THE FEAL  GOOD PEDDLERS COME OUT !!!!!
Don it' nice that you're throwing in a token VaJayJay here & there in those sausage fest Photo Ops. You're a Dolt, #TrumpRussia #russiagate
Impressive how you were actually able to SQUEEZE one woman in there.
Atta boy!
