Mr Pres,you do realize that Erdogan is a self-appointed DICTATOR who allowed the killing of 1000's of innocents people?..Do you get it now?
YES, he knows....he LIKES dictators and autocrats who murder people!
What amazes me is that approximately 1/5th of Americans voted for him (which is a low number) and these people support Trump still?~STRANGE!
1/5 of our country is too dumb to know the constitution isn't just about guns. They love dictators.
Yup-----
Erdogan's security team assaulted US citizens... While he stood there watching!

What are you going to do about it?
#AmericaFirst?
Nothing.  He doesn't know enough to even be offended by it.  He would like to do the same thing to those of us who don't like him
Not one comment about his thugs beating up innocent protesters?   WTF?
#Erdoğan'ın korumaları kavgaya karıştı http://ow.ly/U23u30bMRLv  #amerikaninsesi 
I love how he hasn't tweeted anything related to this incident. But if they were white people who were beat up by Muslims, he'd be tweeting
And if those guys had been black, the cops would have fired their weapons
Now don't you wish you'd practiced saying his name CORRECTLY?
2 dictators that got elected by uneducated ..misinformed gullible public that still go to bathrooms in the woods
You're the POTUS and I voted for you, you jackass. Stay off Twitter and do what we sent you there to do.
Honey, you've got a big storm coming.
I see no comments on the illegal activity that occurred on our soil against our citizens! This is how weak they know you are !
What is your statement on his thugs beating U.S. citizens? Are you that much of a panty waste that you are afraid to say something?
What is with the Donald's dictator fetish?
Trump treats Jong-un, Duterte, Erdogan and, yes, Putin better than Merkel, Trudeau and Turnbull.
Is Trump picking these dictators' brains for tips? Or does he find it hard to bully other bullies?
Remember when Trump praised Saddam Hussein? What the eff is wrong with this guy? https://nyti.ms/29xs3CJ 
Ultimately, Trump voters are biggest victims of his con. Manipulated them by playing to fears.
Or you liberals are victims of the mainstream media? Listening to everything they're feeding you. CNN, Huffington Post..... what else???
I'm listening to Trump himself.  He admitted in a tweet that he gave classified intel to Russia.  What part of that do you not understand?
Two Dick-taters.

My supporters would believe that the earth is flat if they heard it on @foxnews

Thought hat was Sessions for a second?
Lol!

We're working on it men. It was deeper than we knew. You didn't die in vain. 
https://twitter.com/2ALAW/status/862809496145371136 …
https://twitter.com/NewtTrump/status/864467102622773248 …

We're going & more  #FakeNews stories from #Wapo & #MSM because justice is coming and discrediting #PresidentTrump is there only defence. 

 

 

Hillary will be indicted ,now that the payed & bought for by the Democrats FBI director is gone!!!!!!

Not only is Hillary going to be indicted we're going to get 2 or 3 more Supreme Court Justices thanks to Harry Reid have a nice day
What secrets did you tell him?
Socialism kills more people than it has ever helped
Socialism has never existed so it has killed no one. It is CAPITALISM under both right and left wing control that has done ALL the killing.
I hope you don't spend all your donation money on whatever it is your smoking. Socialism ranks up there with santa clause and Bigfoot.
You Trump sycophants have been brainwashed to think that anything slightly left of Fascist is a threat.
I can criticize Trump just fine. I'm sick of blatant negativity with zero thought process of him maybe doing something right.
Oh how we'd love him to do something right. Believe me.. ..
He has, but you're too caught up with feelings and emotions to come to a rational conclusion that he's fairly elected & doing his job.
We love our president! #MAGA
Reopen the FBI Hillary email case. We don’t want instant gratification but we do want an honest investigation
Be focused, be disciplined, be patient--there are very few cases of instant gratification.
Why was White House Counsel coordinating with Hillary’s people? Obama pseudonyms in email?
White House Counsel part of chats regarding Clinton email release since 2015.  Obama knew everything & FBI James Comey helped "conceal" it. 
Where are the rest of the pages of the FBI notes? 1800 pages missing?
Hillary Clinton Email Investigation FBI Notes

Part 9 stops at page 2859. I see 1024 total. Where's the rest, @FBI?

…
What's in the Datto cloud? Aug 2015 PRN discovers Hillary's server syncing w/an offsite syncing service since 2013 http://tinyurl.com/l3yx2x4 
Why were Hillary’s people allowed to keep mishandling classified info? In a Russian hotel, too!
JUST A REMINDER: Monica Hanley, confidential assistant to Hillary left classified intel in a Russian hotel in 2013.

…
And mishandling classified intel in China too?
REMINDER: Hillary Clinton's senior aide left classified material behind in hotel room on 2010 China trip.

http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/10/31/clinton-aide-left-classified-info-behind-on-2010-china-trip.html … 
Here’s Huma leaving classified information unsecure in the front seat of her car
2009 FLASHBACK: Huma Abedin Left Classified Material Unsecured In The Front Seat Of Her Car 
Hat tip: @firedup99 
  
…
Sources: Comey wrote in memo that Trump asked to end Flynn investigation
#ComeyMemo

Comey Memo Says Trump Asked Him to End Flynn Investigation
#ComeyMemo

Comey wrote memo saying Trump urged him to drop Flynn investigation: Sources
#ComeyMemo

Trump asked Comey to shut down Flynn probe: source
#ComeyMemo

Trump Said to Ask Comey to Drop FBI Probe of Flynn's Russia Ties https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2017-05-16/trump-said-to-ask-comey-to-drop-fbi-probe-of-flynn-s-russia-ties … via @bpolitics
#ComeyMemo

The Memo: Dangers ahead for Trump on Comey
#ComeyMemo

New Comey memo says President Trump tried to stop an FBI investigation https://www.vox.com/2017/5/16/15649718/nyt-comey-russia-trump?utm_campaign=vox&utm_content=entry&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter … via @voxdotcom
#ComeyMemo

Notes made by former FBI Director Comey say Trump pressured him to end Flynn probe
Surely he despises you for sharing intelligence with the Russians!
Do you honestly think he was honored to meet you?  No one is!

How can someone who keeps lying 24/7 seriously believe that others are honest with him? Why should anyone be? Like Erdo? Russians? Never!
You work so hard for us and you are working for free! Thank you for your sacrifice @POTUS
He is making millions, if not billions from his actions as President thus far.
All these useful idiot experts on President Trump. Why don't you figure out how badly OBAMA hurt our economy w/ his unconstitutional EPA.
The EPA was created in 1970 under President Nixon. What is your point here, IDIOT?
Aaaaand crickets. I have yet to find a Trump supporter that can actually discuss facts without melting down into a hissy fit.
You just described the DemocRats
Ah, the time tested "I know you are but what am I" defense.  If I were you, I would worry more about your own party.  Tick tock...
Trump has welcomed a dictator who has jailed thousands of brave journalists & activists for doing their jobs.
America should be on their side, not Erdogan's. Trump's message: U.S. doesn't care about human rights & basic freedoms anymore.
They're thugs at home and abroad.
Late-night hosts blast Trump after reports that he shared highly classified info with Russian officials
and Trump allowed Russia to intervene in our Elections….
#AmeriKKKa 
 "Not my POTUS"-@seanhannity
& They think Liberals are being"offensive"think again
Omg!!! Trump Tells Russia In Jan 2015 He's Going To Run For President #TrumpRussia #TraitorTrump
Demonstrators march on a beach in Coronado, California, to protest the firing of FBI Director James Comey
This former FBI agent makes a devastating case against Trump as CIC.
You just destroyed our relationship with Isreal by leaking their classified intel to Russia who will now share it with their enemy, IRAN.
A reminder, you treasonous, incompetent, dunce:
Dear @POTUS: As a Member of the Foreign Relations Cmte, I want to remind you that Israel is our ally, Russia is not. https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/05/16/world/middleeast/israel-trump-classified-intelligence-russia.html …
You have now put Israeli lives at risk bc you have no f*cking idea what you're doing at best & are a traitor at worst.
I guess being pro-Isreal was just another campaign lie. Doesn't work w your pro-Russia agenda.
Good work. American lives could be at risk as well bc we could stop reviving important intel.
BREAKING: European official to AP: Country might stop sharing intel with US if Trump gave classified info to Russian diplomats.
Impeachment talks are already underway. If you're a true patriot, you'd support this constitutional right.
Mr. President, our Founders envisioned an out-of-control executive. Meet Congress, who has an "absolute right" to check your power. https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/864436162567471104 …
A reminder, Nixon held approval ratings of nearly 30% throughout the entire Watergate scandal. Trump is approaching that now.
Some ppl will always be too arrogant to admit they were wrong, but DJT's ratings are close enough to Nixon's for GOP to justify impeachment
Can we just agree this tweet hasn't aged well, @POTUS Sir? #TrumpLeaks 

https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/592698043629215746 …
Btw Sir, perhaps you should note this job offer from @TonyAtamanuik for future reference?

https://twitter.com/TonyAtamanuik/status/864254277128253442 …

#TrumpLeaks #trumpMustGo
.@realDonaldTrump I think you  committed treason last week buddy. If you need a job, you can play my stunt toilet on @PresidentShow
You mean horror, it was a great horror.
While his hoods beat up Americans in the street?
Was this before or after your good friend's bodyguards assaulted US citizens engaged in peaceful protest? Zero concern for @StateDept
This A-hole better apologize for his security teams assault on our citizens!! Unbecoming and thuggish!!


I bet you support the brutal attacks from Erdogan bodyguards on peaceful protestors in DC . Sry, ur in wrong country for that bud! Get OUT!
His goons attacked citzens on U.S. soil. I voted for you to stand up to typical politics. He shouldn't be welcome here
yup it was especially nice for His security entourage to show what evil goons they really are
Sure, it was really making America great again  when his goons severely beat peaceful protesters on US soil right in DC!
So sad why isn't this national news? Where's the outrage?
恳请川普总统关注纽约华人郭文贵先生和家人的生命安全，因郭先生揭露了中国政府贪腐酷刑等严重侵犯人权的丑闻，他正遭到来自中国政府的死亡威胁，中国政府为封杀他的言论正在采取一切手段预谋刺杀郭先生。恳请总统先生阻止这种破坏新闻言论自由侵害人权的行为在美国境内发生，谢谢！
郭的妻女不是放到美国了吗
她们答应老领导美国二十天左右的团聚后还要回到中国
He watched his people beat and kick people on USA soil. You did nothing and have nothing to say about Americans being beaten? Shame on you!
It's not good when the leader of the free world doesn't know the meaning of "honor".

Or "traitor". Or "classified". Or "meaning".
Too bad you can't invite Hitler, huh? He'd be fun to hang out with too.
He could bring his own team to beat up innocent people too. Oh wait, they BOTH already did that!
I agree that Europe has had enough invasions
Yeah I remember
It's all gone to crap
The rich in general
@RT_Erdogan Osmanli Torunu Dunya Lideri Mazlumlarin umudu.Rabbim sana guc kuvvet versin uzun omurler ihsan eylesin.
You should be ashamed of welcoming this tyrant. The Turkish ambassador should be expelled.
Trying to be as diplomatic as possible @leporin_artie
Oxlim kasimpasali bir cumhurbaşkanı var karşında böyle hizaya geleceksin işte
Tayyip Erdogan is a great privilege to be able to see the world eyes you saw a man ..mf Trump.  :)
When ru going to speaking out abt the brutal beatings by #Erdoganbodyguards of peaceful protestors on US soil? Unacceptable!
I was impressed by the way he had his thugs beat up US citizens!  I didn't hear u!  Did u say something? Didn't think so! 

#NewElection
Have anything to say about his bodyguards beating the shit out of American protestors?
#RTE #Erdogan is an world leader
World leader!!!???

Waiting to see how Obama gets blamed for Trump leaking Classified info to Russia
@esheikh Trump did not leak classified information to anyone.  That's Hillary's gig through her unsecured server
That's what they always do. How will defend blatant obstruction of justice with the Comey memo? This man will go down. #ididnothopehefailed
Trumps comments don't constitute an obstruction of justice. Comey knows that or he would have reported it sooner.
Didn't need to report it. It wasn't reported at all. It was leaked. It's part of a larger investigation. Stop pretending like he's innocent.
That larger investigation was fabricated by democrats to cover up Seth Rich murder.  There was no collusion.
Yeah of course it's an honor for you to meet a brutal dictator
Did you sell-out any allies this time?
Whatcha tell him? Any secrets?
He's saving those for Saudi Arabia.
"Hey guys, I can get you into this super secret club for meetings, it's called Mar-A-Lago"
And at $200,000 a membership. What a steal!
Come for the classified intel, stay for the salmonella!
And the well done steaks, served with only the finest @HeinzKetchup_US ketchup
(With tomatoes from everywhere but  the USA)
And the chocolate cake, it's incredible! No those aren't cacao nibs, it's roach shit. Pairs excellently with warm ham and sushi.
Welcoming the guy who arrested tens of thousands of opponents. Way to go!
Havlama it @MahirZeynalov
Bırak havlasın. Havlayan it ısırmazmış.
Don't expect Trump to condemn Erdogan's security staff attacking protestors outside Turkish embassy in D.C.
Erdogan's *ARMED* security staff - with diplomatic immunity - methodically attacking protesters. Absolutely insane.
What national secrets did you leak to Erdogan?
You may want to check your facts.
I imagine you asked for tips on how to arrest journalists? #resist https://youtu.be/uH1IAXb0szU 
Being journalist doesnt mean you are a good person
İf you are against your government then even god can not save you fron government's fury
I see... You like yourself a little totalitarian love. I might suggest looking up the difference between criticism and opposition.
So you are for government arresting journalists they deem propagandists? You maybe wanna ruminate on that a few?
The traitors or threads in usa are probably some journalists that working for deep state and big company owners like cocacola etc.
You should look into Lithium.
did you tell him anything classified?
Keep on keeping on Mr.President, we the people stand with you in your journey to #MAGA 
#Trump honors #Erdoğan who has trampled on free speech and declared himself the winner of a referendum that threatens democracy in #Turkey.
From which source did you get this information? We, the Turks, chose to represent us! It's definitely the right choice.
#DYOR.
Put all the dissidents into jail, shut all the opposing media down, manipulate the elections and call it the democracy.
Support PKK,support DHKP-C,support YPG.when you have been jailed say its freedom
Ulan kopek oglu kopek. Ulkenin cumhurbaskanina darbe yapmak muhaliflik degil vatan hainligidir. Serefsizin evladi vatan haini kopek
Yusuf!
 Is the opposition in? - This is a big lie ... If you mean PKK and FETO they are murderers ... Terrorist organization
How can you let Erdogan's bodyguards beat up and assault U.S. citizens in America without repercussions @realDonaldTrump ?#TurkishEmbassyDC
The Mayor of Rotterdam (Netherlands) has shown stronger leadership against @RT_Erdogan 's thugs than you @realDonaldTrump Pathetic.
What did the mayor of Rotterdam say about the attack?
I'm referring to Erdogan 's attempt to start a riot in The Netherlands before the election. The Mayor stood strong.
Going to be a very awkward trip to Israel. Oof
No, @Netanyahu is fine w/Trump endangering their intel source. What's one agent's life in exchange for the right to exterminate Palestine?
Please don't tell him the launch codes.
86753o9
5318008
281-330-8004
24601
528491
Sad that hackers tell more truth than the Media!
That's a FACT.  It is clear that facts are pure anathema to the left.  @DineshDSouza  describes the left so accurately and factually.  Ouch.
Yes but they'll never admit Wikileaks tell the truth! beacuse if they did they'd have to admit the DNC Clinton, Podesta etc are corrupt!
Thank God that corruption is being exposed to the world. They hide their lies behind lies upon lies. An amazing, uncanny, spiritual battle.
Exactly. President Trump is right, total witch hunt from the Democrats, Obama & Co & the Media. Democrats cannot accept the Democratic vote?
just facepalms
Fetö teröst tür  Trump
I'm not sure honored is the correct word for when you meet a dictator.
Dictator for everyone in the world except his own people 
That's true. Some people like being subjugated by insecure men.
thats your opinion. What harm has been done to you?
They beat the terrorist lovers..Are the americans also terrorist lovers? #Erdogan #Turkey
It was a great honor to welcome the President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, to the @WhiteHouse today! https://t.co/4B...

Don't understand these people. They just can't accept you ARE our President. We are behind you
الدويش الأمير حميد بن.فواز شهيد مكه فواز وفيصل الوطن العربي في حي.المظلوم ولي.عهد الدولة.العثماني السلطان عبد.الحميد سيف ٢
الدويش الأمير حميد بن.فواز شهيد مكه فواز وفيصل الوطن العربي في حي.المظلوم
When it comes to honoring dishonorable people, you really know how to pick em'.
Stay firm, Mr. President. MAGA.
I'm gonna have to disagree with this one. Recep  is a criminal and a tyrant.
yup
WOMIT HAT DIE WELT DIESE ZWEI FIGUREN VERDIENT,DIE NUR UNRUHE UND UNFRIEDEN IN SIE BRINGEN,DES TEUFELS VORBOTEN SIND SIE,
thank you for reaching out to everyone  stop the unending bureaucracy
Nice to see your guest's thugs beating up peaceful protestors.  SAD!  #unhinged
This just shows that you don't know who the friends of the West are. TE aids & abets ISIS. PKK fights them.
yay another fascist you are making so many new friends little donnie is growing up
Have you registered as a foreign agent yet?  Asking for a friend.
This is my favorite for today. Thanks.
Not the sharpest pencil in the box are ya?
I get the impression from your tweet that you seem to think your opinion is relevant to me, at all?  Odd.
Must be, you responded to it!
Pkk aka fatattorney ur picture would go great with those comments cuz of the way the face like wtf did I just see but yea I agree
.@williamlegate 
W/a simple asterisk/Twitter limits, you've shown how to avoid absurd name POTUS views as so serious:
#FuckfaceVonClownstick
.@williamlegate 
@AmStillNotYou 
Yes!! Congratulations!! If I end up in Bigly House, send shirtless Mike Pence pics!!
#FuckfaceVonClownstick
@Rosie @AmStillNotYou @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @williamlegate 
Go home you don't need a copy of memo or anything else.
Yes!!!! Does this make us BFFF's, Wanda?!!!!! If so, you can just call me Chaffshitz!!!!
Cool,  dictator meets a DICKtator
Did you tell him any classified information, or were you able to hold your tongue???
He can't hold his tongue. His fingers are too small to get a good grip.
Yeah. The Would-Be Dictator Club...
Nick- War ein Rockidol, Come and rock me Amadeus, Amadeus, Amadeus, Amadeus, Amadeus, Amadeus - oh, oh, oh #Falco
Did you tell him our nuclear codes over ice cream?
Does him also being a dictator get him the second scoop?
Whats not an honor is the fact that we have a COWARD #TreasonousTrump POTUS
You're going down CHEETO
#GeeksResist
#TheResistance
#JediWisdom
Let's make America great with love and compassion.
Well I left the military with full honors fighting for your freedom-trump is a pathetic draft dodger so in your little brain justify traitor
I think you are thinking I support Trump. I do not.
Hey I apologize for mis understanding.
It's ok. We are all human. I make mistakes all the time.
That was a nice conversation. Thank you. It gave me hope.
We can't wait to hear what you told him.
Naw didn't lose anything...MAGA
she's waiting on the new Trumpcare in-surance so she can get herself some new teeth.
Naw the past 8 years has cost us plenty !!!!
lol...just wait...Trump will only make the rich, richer. Nothing he has proposed will do anything but.
At making $20K a year you'll be taking home around 2% less...while someone making $400K a will take home around 7% more.
So someone making $400K a year will take home an extra $28k a year, the person making $20k, $400 less a year. Trump is doing it for himself.
Erdoğan is one of the slimiest pieces of shit in the world! I'm sure he'll feel right at home at the White House.
when you invite a war criminal to the White House and his goons attack our citizens 
#traitor
Nope, just checked:  Top stories remain #TrumpRussiaCollusion,  #TrumpRussiaCoverUp, and #TrumpObstructionOfJustice  Safe travels!!!
You did nothing about his body guards beating Americans up!? Your idea of maga is this!?
Hate you go away.
Couldn't even say his fucking name right!  WOW!
He had his goons beat up American citizens!
it was a great pleasure to watch him order his thugs to beat down on US protesters. You go Erdie!

No it's not. -Signed the American People @AnnCoulter
Leaks! Please fire every single Obama appointee tomorrow and replace them. Take your time because no one will really miss them. Especially u
Would-be dictators' club meeting.
#Trump excels, not only at welcoming #dictators, but admiring & emulating them; explains his silence as #Erdogan's goons beat up US citizens
An honor? What is wrong with you? Did you arrest his thug bodyguards for attacking Americans? Best you do that.
"Mr. President", you're a weak, pathetic coward. Speak up about the Turkish embassy incident. It's the least you can do.
impeach donald drumf
Since when America welcomes a dictator? @RT_Erdogan
Keep up the great work @POTUS 
DemocRats are unhinged 
You are a promise keeper
#trump is it your mission to welcome every brutal & criminal dictator to the @WhiteHouse w/ hands spread wide$$ #Erdogan
Erdogan's bodyguards who beat up protesters in Washington DC should all be escorted out of the country & never allowed to return!
Especially since you have properties in Turkey!
Hass Seaktear
Oh look another turkey 
Are you so self involved that you can't make a statement condemning his bodyguards actions attacking citizens?  Shame on you. 
He doesn't understand the concept of shame. Or any other attributes of humanity. If this had happened at his golf course different story
Damn girl, remind me never to cross you 
Trump's the only one in my life that's managed to enrage me to that level. Otherwise, I'm harmless
I hope it stays that way  There's no one I can think of that you should have to be that worked up about, him on the other hand.... 
Saw a woman bloodied & beaten on the ground & the man who's supposed to protect her, say it's was an honor to the man responsible. Lost it.
Your reaction is perfect  I lost it & but the opposite, I got upset(/sad) that some of the US is letting this happen. The cops did nothing!
Hey I cried a lot last week. You're not alone. I cried last night too.
I almost sent you "Story of my life", but i can't stand One Direction & the lyrics don't match the name, but yeah..... aannyways, my life 
fuck this guy and fuck you...his thugs beat americans in the streets of washington..you are an embarrassment
Why haven't you said anything about his thugs attacking peaceful American protesters? Why do you honor murderous dictators?
I'm SHOCKED we've not heard a word about how this thugs 'strong-men' beat the shit out of AMERICANS. u know, the ones u say u support?RESIGN
I wonder if all the people that were beaten by his thugs thought it was an honor? You are a complete fool. An unstable, immature idiot.
Why didn't you comment to him about the beatings??   Or do you condone them??
Traitor, he needs to get out of our Country with his thugs..
Mr.President, that man is evil ! He is the snake in that poem you kept reading , while running for President! He's NO HONOR ! #BANISLAM
it was a great honor to watch his goons pummel those Libtards. Erdogan is what family values are all about!
türk kadr merhametli,türk kadar adaletli, türk kadar cesur bir ırk varmı,altın çamura batsada altındır özelligi bozulmaz
Tayyip Erdogan spoke part of Trump. :)))

NEW POLL BREAKING NEWS DJ. TRUMP'S APPROVAL RATING IS HYPE OVER LOADED BY 72% While Fake CNN News Poll is Very Low Approval rating by 28% 
Why are you still in office? Somebody plz get this man OUT! BOTH disgusting humans.embarrassment to Americans #ImpeachTrump #trumpMustGo
Why is that your administration doing something about his bodyguards attacking American citizens? Not acceptable.

Some Turkish officials were attacking peaceful protesters. Was that ok with you? That's what dictators do.
Stay strong President Trump!!!  Your doing a great job....we need youuu xo
