at what point do you realize that protesting the freedom of speech is anti-american?
Perhaps that will happen when you discover freedom of speech is for all people, not just those who hate President Trump.
you realize the protest started before trump, correct? & that they're not protesting him? this is a president condemning an american right.
I know it went viral the moment it was known that Trump had won the election; whatU have wrong is that free speech is 4all not just YR side.
further, the problem here is a president trying to quell the freedom of his constituents. again, not something you're seeming to grasp.
I don't 'grasp it' because it is a false assumption. He is not only a believer in our freedoms but protects them from false N-TR-PR-TA-TION
IT is getting to be repetitive. I'm through for now.
Mr. President:
You are not a tyrant...We are a Republic and players have 1st Amendment Rights.
Our veterans have fought to protect the 1st Amendment so if you want to protest that's their right but don't protest the anthem. #clueless
My family fought in WW II, Vietnam & War on Terror to protect our rights. I will always support protesting.
The National Anthem?  I'm sure your family would be proud to hear that 
#clueless
They are very proud...I have the right to be a free thinker. I do not follow a tyrant.

U think UR smart, but UR really proving how dumb UR. Everytime U scream about how STUPID POTUS ISYOU PROVE HOW WELL YOU KNOW yrSELF.
N O T..... N O T..... You have no idea what it is you are saying... S A D !!!!! VENOMOUS @ BEST! And you're the president? WOW.
I stopped watching #SOTU You disrespect the office of the President and the U.S.A.
@realDonaldTrump @NFL
@CNN @MSNBC @BREITBART  The president is not at war with the kneelers...WE THE PEOPLE ARE...
We are tired of this subject! Please stop tweeting and repeating yourself over and over. Thank you.
Stfu! #WhiteSupremacist

Mind your own business idiot. This is not your  problem. People don't care what you have to say. They are dying in Puerto Rico you idiot.
Fuck the National Anthem.
Focus on real issues!
Where's the check?

as soon as you show respect for Military..these young men stand for racial justice.. and this white dude will KNEEL with THEM every GD GAME dough boy.
Too much talk about the NFL and not enough action about THE REASON THEY'RE NOT STANDING. IT'S NOT ABOUT YOU! IT'S A PROTEST!
Or not. A man is free to contest you Donald. Waiting the begining of the @NBA i'm sure you will see the same contestation.
The money raised for houston was amazing. Why cant we do this for Chicago? For Baltimore? Set up football camps like snoop dogs everywhere.
I agree. 
sorry they can't hear you. they're too busy doing their job. you should try that sometime
Just shut up and try and do the job u were elected to do..tired of u wasting taxpayer $ on little girl battles..be a man..
Quit giving the NFL money from the people’s tax money, put a stop to it. I’m done with the NFL.
Chump, why don't you focus on what you're supposed to be doing. Or are you in way over your head? Dumb question. Of course you are.
You don't control the NFL or the rights of the players and team owners. We all see that you are working to take away people's rights
Cheeto McBonespur 
As a veteran I don’t care what they do.I always consider the source.They’re entertainers not role models.Highly paid puppets on fans’ string
Kneeling is a bad business decision.Pissing off customers is never a good idea. I understand the cause but they should choose a diff vehicle


Sociopath. https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/world/national-security/trump-offered-a-grieving-military-father-25000-in-a-call-but-didnt-follow-through/2017/10/18/8d4cbc8c-b43a-11e7-be94-fabb0f1e9ffb_story.html …
Here's an American Hero #TakeAKnee
Dear Donald you wave a flag of patriotism, but where was that patriotism when you took five deferments?
Why does your lying AG refuse to answer questions from Congressional investigation? Do y’all have something to hide after all? #trumprussia
Mind your business. You aren’t in the NFL. Worry about Puerto Rico for crying out loud.
It's the NATIONAL football league so standing for the NATIONAL anthem should be mandatory! They only dishonor themselves&their own family's
Get off the toilet while tweeting.
Shut up Donald.
These stand for our anthem or be suspended! NFL has no guts! Disgusting! We're boycotting! True Americans stand with pride 
If I could stand I would, #StandForOurAnthem
Weak tweet. LOW ENERGY! Shut up your face you fucking moron.
Talk about too much talk and not enough action...show us your taxes
Everyone hates you
Do what you want... freedom of speech... you are not a dictator... u r not an NFL owner even though u want to be one!
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS : too much talk. Not enough action. Take a day off of Twitter. Focus on maga.
You have earned no respect. The NFL has never wanted you involved even when you wanted to buy a team. Just shut your fat mouth.
Is this respect like the time you evaded actually serving the country?
You act like billy bad ass when you call out black players/black people in general. When you gonna talk about Eminem & Pop calling you out
And why do we kneel? In reverence and sorrow? Your Nationalistic grandstanding will never take away from the solidarity of those who grieve. Your not helping.

totally agree w/U President Trump. It is a total disgrace to the U.S. The first amendanment should not apply in this situation.
You really spend a lot of time #brooding over this...time that is taken from reviewing #memos, establishing workable #policies , managing the #WH , loving @FLOTUS . I don't recall you were elected  to worry about what the #NFL
I stand for the national anthem because I love my country
.@RealDonaldTrump .@nFl: ToO MuCh tAlK, nOt eNoUgH AcTiOn. StAnD FoR ThE NaTiOnAl aNtHeM.
Whenever you say this it makes me want every player to NOT stand for the national anthem so they can show you what democracy looks like.  #dotard

yawn You do a lot of things poorly very poorly so just sit back have another burger and a diet Coke
Stand for “Black Lives Matter”, LGBTQ and “MeToo”... when they’re all respected and represented again.., WE Stand!
The coaches that are allowing their players to kneel should be fined or terminated from the NFL and that should include any and ALL players that choose to disgrace our Country. We R standing at home rt along w/U President Trump!!
Too much talk from you.  They're protesting  bigotry which you should surely understand you bigot!!!
#BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFL #NFL
Holy shiiiiit
#trumpsawhitesupremacist #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist #TrumpIsAMoron #trumpisracist #fucktrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow #TrumpLies
Find a better song.
If it's mandatory according to@POTUS that means we're living in at least an attempted dictatorship. #taketheknee for the Brit drinking song
Bars
They are kneeling to protest racism which is perpetuated by you and your ClownCar
You should quit you day job and become a poet ... please quit your day job please
Do U STAND when watching a game at home? And it's on video that your wife, a NATURALIZED citizen, had 2 nudge U 2 put UR hand over UR heart
You were supposed to stand for the lowering of the flag too, but you kept right on talking with Hannity.
you are not a the dictator you think you are. You can't make people stand!!
Donnie is still mad because the NFL would not let him buy a team!
@realDonaldTrump you need a job.
You are WAY too much talk and not enough action. Get a clue.
You should read the constitution,and the flag code, Dear Mr. President.  What you're asking for is a dictatorship. It's brainwashing  #sad
Veterans fight for my freedom! I can stand and show respect for them! I with you @POTUS!
HERE HERE be an AMERICAN or be GONE
Lol...too much talk? My god man, look who’s talking, incessantly! Vindictiveness is ugly.
They will regret not taking a stand for the very country that gave all these players and owners their opportunities! #BoycottNFL #Stand
Get over it. The owners can't tell the players to stand. They would be hit w/ more lawsuits for violating the 1st Amendment freedoms.
This is the only thing i agree w you on.
You are not the king. You cannot  issue orders to free citizens
If you agree, then you'll want to see this.
Talk about the pot and the kettle
Is that why you hate them? They get more done than you do?!
Greatest POTUS ever!
Please don't resign. I want to see you taken out in handcuffs.

Why don't you get on your knees and pray
Standing out of respect for the flag, isn't the same thing as being forced too.  Petty tyrant baby.
No! let them kneel! at this point I think its good for Americans to know ho & what they are . Their not taking a knee ..in my eyes t kneel
Stand when you want, that's what makes America great
.@realDonaldTrump @nfl Another patriotic act would be helping fellow Americans in #PuertoRico - 80% without power, 1/3 have no water.
Don’t forget our First Amendment Rights
Look who's talking now...
You know it's sad that I don't get to see the national anthem on t.v. because a bunch of whining millionaires are killing ratings!
Ninguna jurisdicción puede prohibir u hostigar a ningún ciudadano debido a lo que opinan
We do stand for the pain & suffering that he flag indemnify, nor the the unmitigated gall to obfuscate our freedoms nor the fiend ignorance.
Like to hear yourself talk huh?
forced patriotism is dictatorship. why do you even care about this baby poo issue?
Stop attacking Military Widows!! #worseprezever
Once you’re out of office #ITMFA
How about you? Too much talk and no action! Help Puerto Rico and while you are at it resign
Shut up
Then stop talking and start working
I'll stand or sit or kneel as I see fit. I am an American citizen, and that is my right.
People will do what they want, MonsterManTrump!...Constitutional rights!....No dictatorship!#Trump71#WouldBeDictator
I stand for the flag/national anthem & kneel to GOD! Trump, give em what they ask for, HELL!
Too much talk, too much tweeting, too much needing to have your fragile ego stroked, not enough actual work.
You can't make them do anythiing. They have no respect for you.
Our hearts and prayers go out to Gold Star families for their lose. Their loved ones gave their all for our country and deserve our thanks.
Old news! Shut up!
Too much talk, do your job IMPLEMENT RUSSIAN SANCTIONS, REAUTHORIZE THE CHILDREN'S INSURANCE PLAN (CHIP), PASS MURRAY-ALEXANDER BILL
I don't agree with the protests, but isn't that your first amendment right? Call me crazy, but aren't  there more pressing issues?
Get em Mr. President

#takeaknee forever until we destroy white supremacy. Starting with the impeachment of the worst president in US history
#stoptweetingstartleading
& then what? Destroy the rights of those who don't agree with u which is about 68 of the total population & not ur 18% gerrymandered base.
I think the same thing about you. Too much talk and not enough action. You rant senseless tweets abt Sgt Johnson’s widow.  Just stop
Get off this side show and lead like a real president. You’re embarrassing the whole country.
If you care about our country, unite us, don't divide us. I will believe in your patriotism once you stop being aggressive to your opponents
boycott everything

Rich Babies are soooo oppressed with all their millions, protest on own time or QUIT. WRONG PLACE WRONG TIME WRONG PLATFORM
So why didn't you stand when the bugle was playing in Honor of our Flag when interviewed by Hannity on 10-11-17?
We AGREE that VP Pence should reimburse taxpayers for his political stunt of appearing at/leaving the NFL Colts game.
Still on that screed? You've got too much time on your hands.
.@nfl can you just pass the message to Trump. #timetopackyourbags #ImpeachTrump
Perhaps if you release your #TaxReturns they would be more inclined to do so
Stick, dead horse.
Let's make a deal. We'll stand if you: Stop lying, stop tweeting bullshit, start honoring your campaign promises, release your tax returns.
Who will speak truth to power! It is obvious there is no one in yr administration with balls enough, or cares enough to set u straight. Sad
#StandForTheFlag
Fascism at its best. Hey moron, you can't force people to stand for the Anthem.
Correct...on their own dime’
It is not as simple as you. Is it too much to ask that our president work to understand complex issues? Yep. With you - it is. #IQSoLow
TRUMP IS A TWEET
You refuse to face the problems of real people and so you create yourself a daydream bubble of money and golf
Until you address the issues behind the kneeling they will continue to do so and I support that. Unfit, uneducated, dotard of a leader. SAD
I stand and wore a military uniform for that right to peacefully protest!! Stop your dictatorial tactics. this is not Russia or N. Korea
That sums you up pretty well.  Shut up and quit ruining the country!
OK,  but don't try demanding I do it for.  Wish you had even 1/8 the class of President Obama. You don't however.
What are you going to do about it King Trump?
Stand up for the anthem or kneel down and take it from Patriotic Americans. 
Your petition is stupid. The POTUS should focus on issues that actually affect people rather than grandstanding for attention
If they bring the #XFL back and guarantee you 5 Years, will you quit this job?
no. u can't make us. this is democracy not trumpocracy
Let the NFL #TakeAKnee and #TrumpIsAMoron and #KKK member and #NeoNazist can just take 
#TakeAKnee for racial equality
The land of the Free should allow players to stand or sit during the anthem, it is their choice, hence freedom..
AWESOME!!!  GIVE THAT GUY A RAISE.
Pull their favorable tax treatment.  They deserve nothing from my pockets.
Stop worrying about the NFL and start working about the usa .We dnt need world war 3
Why do I feel like I'm smarter than you? I wish we could have a civil conversation. I wish we could talk and understand each other better.
Pres Trump can I suggest that you meet with the players about the police brutality . The protest is a cry for help.
#MAGA
It's not your decision. That is part of the 1st amendment. Grow up, big baby.
