Couldnt find that anywhere, dreaming again?


Good morning Mr President have a great day. MAGA!
94% of new jobs are temp or contract, not full-time. Low-wage, no-benefits, insecure gigs are replacing good jobs.
Your source is from 2016 ; Shame shame
It's going to get worse as technological unemployment becomes more prevalent.Self driving vehicles will put truck & taxi drivers out of work
Yes, robots will achieve parity with humans by 2045. We need to reduce number of children from people who can’t afford pay 4them.
What is your method for determining when a topic is "lightly reported"? #trump #usa #maga #fakenews #hypocrisy #politics #news
Not your earnings. Still Obama's
Jobless claims for you after I just grilled up some chicken money doesn't mean you need a plumber to have studied history academically screened for this weekend and offered to bring the first half of shit on your mom to take advantage of the day so I can squeegee my basement
Didn't you say that the jobs reports were inaccurate a year ago...but now they are correct? Wow, so what's it gonna be yes or no?
I campaigned for you when I never did it before. I will continue to support u. Please reconsider East Coast Refinery Jobs. They helped.
Please Mr Trump help refinery jobs on the East Coast! Caving on Ethanol. These people helped u get elected. It's not u to break your word.
Yeah right
Thank you Obama
Yes Obama did a great job.
President Trump promised to be the greatest jobs President God ever created. Promise Kept! #MAGA

Thanks Obama!
*sarcasm lol
Is that your real head?
Besides racists and morons, who actually clicks ‘like’ on these Trump tweets? Asking for a friend.
You are doing everything you promised.   You are awesome
How's Puerto Rico doing Don? Keep tweeting about nonsense and try to be deflect from your failures, which are numerous
Why must you tout your would be accomplishments every day. Very unpresidential.  Do u need accolades every day for yr ego?
When will you tell us what happened in Niger?
And you had absolutely NOTHING to do with it. So...
#FakeNews
Thanks, Obama...

Dear Donald, that's great news, but your report will come out next year.
Thank you, Obama. The job numbers dipped last quarter - first time since 2014. #FakeNews #FakePresident
You continue to show why my wife and I voted for you! Very proud of you!
Thanks Obama.


Succeed in this one thing and you’ll be re-elected!
Thanks Obama !!!
The President has the lowest approval rating since '73 also.
You personally don't know anything your just repeating what you been told , when will you realize that the people around you

If you were wondering, since it's happening soon...
Thanks Obama
Thanks obama
Yes, yes, yes -- Obama did a good job on economy. Don't screw it up.
Thank you Obama
If you can find me a job $45,500 minim. Applied at quite a few locations.
Please name one thing you have done to contribute to those numbers?
Missed his toch
We miss Obama so much!!

thanks obama
You do realize that last month was the first time in 80 months that we actually lost jobs right?
He doesn't realize anything.
Adjusted for population growth, jobless claims even lower than in 1973. Perhaps the lowest ever!
Or did you revise you definition of unemployment? Excuse my skepticism!!
THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP
The longer you're in office the more we see your dementia, racism, lies & crimes. Mueller is closing in on you.
Resign!
Thanks Obama!!!!
Thanks Obama

Precisely, which economic policies did you put in place that led to this?
dont bullshit yourself, trend has been up for 7 + yrs.  u dont have 1 single legislative things 2 show. 1st negative # in 7 yrs is yours.
u lost 33K jobs after it was almost straight up under obama 4 7 + yrs. u broke that & the largest domestic terror attack record using AR.
Elected a CLOWN - got a CIRCUS!
  #UNTRUMP THE WORLD #FREETWITTER
  http://trumpmusicvideo.com 
  https://www.facebook.com/freetwitter 
Worst president in history! Good luck getting a job after ur done 
You are #DefinitelyNotRacist
How many jobs lost in September?
33000 jobs lost in September... no mention of that?
Why don't you take credit for the bad stuff?
Because it's not his fault. It's Obama's fault or Hillary's fault. Nothing is his fault, just ask Sarah Fuckabee or Klownyanne Conway
Thanks Obama
#StillWinning #LiberalTearsTasteSweet
Alll of which,was under Obamas time frame.
Yes, thanks @BarackObama for setting us up for some good years while these idiots are in office
Too bad you don’t get how I works..
Thanks @POTUS44
People just quit looking.
If bills in the house can’t get passed, not your fault, you say! So how do you take credit for other good that’s happening under your watch?
Rock and roll......!
Thanks OBAMA
Think your doing good job a lot better then OBUMMER
Your 9 months in Office had nothing to do with that.
Lowest workforce participation in American history, because too many jobs refuse to provide a livable wage.
Good thing since you have completely annihilated the new jobs number
Are you lying, or is someone lying to you about what the mainstream media says? Because this, too, was widely reported!
Thanks, Obama.
Thanks Obama!

You can take credit for jobs in year 3. If you make it that far
1973 .. hmm what event happened in 1973
Thank you Obama!


Thank Obama for this!
Thanks Obama!
It isn't because of you and your circus of an Administration!   No matter what you tweet, you haven't achieved anything but destruction!
Bold face lies!
More BULLSHIT
A pity you have screwed your nations reputation!!
Real barometer for jobs is not new jobs but # of BHO part time jobs that move to full time.
Presumably you got that from a media report?
Hey Trump, read the comments no one agrees with your bragging and lies. Just give it up.
OBAMA CARRY OVER.  YOU have done NOTHING except TWEET your BULLSHIT.
Most investigations against a sitting President in history, but then you're mostly a golfing President.
thanks Obama!!!
This September was the first time jobs were NOT added to the U.S. economy in 80 months.
Fool, what don’t you understand about JUST OUT? It’s a clue as to why it’s LIGHTLY REPORTED. DJT reports news before it happens. FAKE News

Yes. Gig economy, part-time, temporary contract work with unlivable minimum wage pay and no benefits is what we're all so grateful for moron
Thanks Obama!
#MAGA
Once again--You have not been in office long enough to have an effect on this. This is President Obama's victory.
#GTFOofMyWhitehouse
#Traitor
#NazisNOTWelcome
#NOQUARTER4Racist
#NOQUARTER4RacistSympathizers
#ResignORImpeach
#25for45 
#Unfit
Trump creating jobs.
Yes, for the first time in a VERY long time there are jobs in our county if Pa. Great work getting America to flow towards the ppl again
Are you counting the 850 lost jobs coming when that coal plant closes?  Your empty promises just keep coming.  We're watching and we know.

Thank you President Obama for handing the moron a growing economy
Nice job, keep it going!
That’s great
U 'quote' Bloomberg? So this must be true too
These are the real winners in Trump’s tax plan https://bloom.bg/2yZtKaq 
My industry is going bananas. I'm freelance now because I can and making more money than I ever have. Pay is going up!!!
Thank you President @BarackObama
Thank you, President Obama, for leaving us such a strong economy that even Trump hasn't been able to fuck it up -- yet.
#MAGA

Again, this was in progress WAY before you took office... you jackass!
Thanks Obama!!
Or, more likely, they ran out of unemployment.
#thanksobama
Lies, lies, lies.  Dec. 2000 the unemployment was 3.9 percent so you don't have the lowest since 1973
Didn't he say that," this market is one big fat bubble", before he got elected.
Thanks to President Obama. You haven't done squat
Thank you @BarackObama
thank God we are rid of Flake next on the list is Despicable McCain

@realDonaldTrump you will never be as popular as Obama.. says 66% of this country.
Lol how ignorant can you get? Oh wait no, you know it’s not a test right?
Thank you @BarackObama
I thought you said that the News was Fake?
Trump has not been in office long enough to claim credit for anything but making us less safe.
It really is amazing that haven't blown the Obama Boom yet.
Yes, Obama laid a strong foundation for you. THANKS, OBAMA!
So you said those reports were lies under Obama.  But oh wait, now they are telling the truth.  Which is it?
A little unbelievable
You have done nothing to make this happen.
All shit jobs... Get us some real jobs then you can boast.
Thanks @BarackObama
Quit celebrating yourself and praising yourself and taking credit for work YOU AREN'T DOING! Your EPIC REIGN OF FAILURE must end!
FAKE REPORT, BY A FAKE PRESIDENT
#Thanks Obama!
Thanks @BarackObama
Does not take into account: 1. Claims taking procedures continue to be severely disrupted in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands
Thank You President Obama,,what you did is bearing fruit now.

More fake news!!!
Did you think that's because the population is aging out and there are too few young people born twenty years ago. We need immigration
You’re the best since Jimmy Carter
Change is too slow for it to be bc of you Donny, so in other words: Thank you President Obama for the economic recovery.
No because of you.   Obama turned the tide.
and lowest gnp 1.3%. All yours. Just sayin
Thank you, President Obama. #impeach

Jobs are created by the people not Congress
We need to have you impeached
Good thing potus44 left you a better situation than potus43 did. Enjoy the boasting, since you’ve nothing to create it.
So then why the BIG tax cut to corporations if there is no jobless problem?
Thanks Obama
Thanks to Obama
I don’t know, may have heard it, but it was buried in massive amount of bull-ogna which has been coming from your Presidency.
DILUSIONAL lies again!
Please make it stop!
#ImpeachTrump #imposter 
Please remember the rest of us that have been off unemployment & terribly UNDERemployed. We’ve never recovered from Obama’s policies. #Help

I love you Mr President, but you KNOW those numbers are WAAAAAY off. Just because people aren't making claims doesn't mean they are working
Why do we see, still, so many closed store fronts?
.@realDonaldTrump @bpolitics I miss having a real president.
.@BarackObama I'd welcome back every single one of these past presidents. They're all better than @realDonaldTrump 
Me too

The world would be so much better if you were President 
Thank you Mr. President for everything you have sacrificed to get our country back on track. We need you for eight years to clean up BO mess
What happened in Niger?
Not true.  The employment stats are reported every month by all the news outlets.
FAKE MSM-NEWS? & all your hateful detractors need to be beaten & fired like dogs SAP [LOVE REAL DOGS] @VP @stephenkbannon @StephenMillerAL +
Where R U getting this crap? WHO IS giving U this crap?  They are enabling your narcissistic disorder! TELL THEM TO STOP!#MuellerTime
If people want to get a job...they will. If someone is out of work for a year..they are lazy or plain out stupid.
Thanks, Obama!
#ThanksObama
Yeah, thanks to President Obama, the last real President.... u r out of your league, go back to what u know, NOW!!!
