It just saddens my heart.  Why are people needlessly dying?   God bless the UK and God bless America.
https://www.etsy.com/listing/493028011/anti-donald-trump-pin-not-my-president …
Geez finally. How about opening with this next time? Yes, there will be a next time. Be a leader about it, not a child. Protect, save, heal.
Why are CNN, msnbc and democrats STOPING the ban to protect Americans!!! Why?? They are playing with fire!! Just to be PC
Good night Gotham
Is #DopeyDonald a Mentally Deranged Pathologically Psychopathic Serial Liar and Sexual Predator? #NotMyPresident #SoCalledPresident
To get em out. But really we have enough here to get em out. U won't just love this out of the Islamic jihadist. Time and again this is wut
When you open your doors to strangers, expect bad stuff. Wake up Europe!! You are heading toward extinction. Not from climate change either
can you block me please
#Portland
Just like your Paris agreement. We are with them. Such a joke.
What's that London, impeach @realDonaldTrump ?? You heard them Mr. President. #GoAway
NAZI PIG 
The best way you can help London, and the World, is if you just resign. You are an embarrassment of a human being, let alone a president.
Help the US & the UK. Resign.
They'll likely only ask those competent to help.
U can stop sharing secrets with the Russians as a good start.  Then resign!
Crawl back under your stone
We shall never surrender to TYRANNY! , Sir Winston Churchill.
I love you President Trump. Thank you for trying to keep us safe
What is he doing to keep us safe? We've never been more hated. That makes you feel safe? Please explain.
Some people are idiots thanks for showing support Mr President
Yeah Whatever the United States can do, WITH YOU.
Thank you. We need someone to actually help us. We need someone who'll deal with it rather than be scared of political correctness.
Just keep ur tiny hands off!
Idea...DO YOUR JOB
Starting hurricane season without leaders of NOAA & FEMA should 'scare the hell out of everybody'
Kick their frickin asses...now!
Cool, if UK needs slowing jobs reports, DOA legislation, Russian collusion, & exec orders that make judges lulz 4 dayz,they know who to call
Er, no thanks
Thanks Mr Trump. You could maybe bug all of our mosques so we can listen in on what is really going on. "Religion of peace" my foot !
All caps means important or that you are impotent? Clearly ignorant because of fake-any-God are you invoking. Puppets have masters not a God
the UK needs to admit they have a problem instead of being politically correct.
You cannot possibly say that when you cannot even agree to stay in the Paris Accord. Trump is with nobody but his white CEOs
YOU KNEW THEY WERE SNAKES BUT YOU STILL LET THEM IN!! #SelfInflicted #LondonBridgeIsFalling! #MAGA and #KeepThemOut!!
U really believe that following the shit show U put on while in Europe & your history up 2 date that any other country would turn 2 U 4 help
We don't want your brand of "help".
Ethan Pal,I Like You But Any Help Is Good Help At This Critical Moment In Time
A RT of a far right website, a call for ANOTHER Muslim ban and empty platitudes are not help.
Keep snoozing buddy. The rest of us will keep fighting the real fight.
Good luck chum.
I'm Not In The Mood To Argue Right Now,So Just Go Ahead
@Huardi  How do you people really know if he is writing this this stuff , look  how the UK is done really . .. Bazza
.U.k. whats all this dot shit ,  it's just   UK
The dot is because U. K. is a contraction of United Kingdom.
thank you for putting my big gob right 
No problems dude.
@BlesynAffia Before nko, if dem no call  una sef, una   go still chook nose put. Awon aproko.
You're not our fucking ally if you try pushing an agenda during an attack before wishing us well. Get fucked, mate.
It's not his fault you have to live in fear your leaders did it to you he is just trying to protect us from living like you now do
What about recognizing, that our terrorist are home grown, based right here in the United States. Can he protect us from those here?
Ok that's right we are not perfect no Society is but we don't need to import any more problems
Classic truck driving,country music listening republican redneck who thinks by having a gun makes him safe. Is south chicago safe? #blind
None of that just a retired veteran that's why we need stop and frisk there's people there that shouldn't have gun
Does that apply to mental health people that congress just allowed them to buy and carry? They definitely don't need any guns.
If they are truly mental then yes but they wanted to lump all veteran in with that. Why? We are trained better that anyone
Dear mr. President this is the 19th or 20th time I've had to retweet and like this post something or someone keeps on doing everything I do I just feel that you should know this is going on mr. President it's very frustrating as I support you and the first lady very much
Also, get off Twitter and actually be the president. 
That's a novel idea, I know.
He's NEVER going to stop tweeting or W-I-N-N-I-N-G !  Deal with it.
Thanks Rose, your tweet is a microcosm of the ignorance that's failing our country.
Ron, you're the failure! Trust me.
Do you know Ron?
Nice to say he will help London, but is very lackluster in helping our in people in Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands. Trump is a ass!!!
But! I’ve sent your office another email BTW last few days
Putting politics aside, the emergency workers who run towards danger are the true heroes! #LondonBridge #BoroughMarket
no words needed ... 
#LondonBridge #BoroughMarket #LondonBridgeAttack
On days like this, all political agendas need to be put aside ... help those who are hurt and console those who are sad  #LondonBridge
There are times for politics and times for healing and compassion.  Let's hope our leaders know what time it is.   #LondonBridge
América has no leader
Are you nuts? Trump has proven his leadership skills on the world stage!
The World thinks he is a fool, The Emperors New Clothes'.
They’ve allowed this to come in ! And dig deep! Destroying their own culture religions for what?and now?laws? WTH! Can none of those leaders open their eyes? False guilt what?they need massive turn over in leadership!USA won’t become them.
Fuck off and mind yr own business orange twat
U know what obama admin, Soro, UN did this? Some money, hate,& deplete one race across globe at all cost. U know that’s why so many women are being raped all over those nations? Their leader Middle East video on you tube told them what to do. Then what happens?suddenly theyflee
Wow, someone says something reassuring to comfort our friends - and out comes the vitriol.

All these calls for someone to shut up!?
He's the @POTUS and he's SUPPOSED to say something.

If he were silent, everyone would complain about his silence.

You are a real piece of work.
Ppl go any countr they need be respectful! Mind our laws, culture way of life or leave! U don’t push what u claim run from and Hate on to others! In their book it says do all lie whatever to either sway ppl or kill them. WTH is wrong with those leaders?
Why dont u start caring for the US citizens first ah
God bless the UK
@BumpinGemz is that right then do us a favour and take this government the whole useless lot, we don't won't them
And ? If Americans decided enough and to leave? How why can they? After what’s been done to those places? That was their point then look at South Africa? Then? Libya selling refugees into slavery! What’s UN done? Africa done? Nothing!
Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K., we will be there - WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS!...
@realDonaldTrump 
Is the offer in this tweet still valid?

@theresa_may 
@BorisJohnson 
@BBCWorld 
@guardian 
@Independent 
@DailyMailUK 
@SkyNewsBreak
So what are you gonna do about the attacks? More concerts?
Not a story. Just a fact. I deal with "bad guys" on the daily. So I guess I Jane some insight. What do u do? @HouseGrayWolf
*Have some insight
Whatever we can do... like making fake news out of the London Mayor statement.
They don't need you.
so kind. But they don't trust u!!
Download Mercari app and sign up and put this referral code DSKGAZ and get $15 for free
Venezuela needa trump. Prove to venezuela you are a good president
@FLOTUS five dollar fee to cross our borders per head give Americans something to cheer for you do it now do your smart
Well said. Thank you
@POTUS And then you talked shit to the Mayor...You're the worst. #45istheworst
God bless America!! God bless and protect Mr President Trump and his family n loved ones.
Liar and a fake. Politicizing their tragedy. Nice move #MAGA
Love President Trump!
What about the rest of his stupid tweets ? What an embarrassment your husband is!!!
Stay away from us, you fraud.
Frankly Donnie, we'd rather rather NOT have YOUR help. We're quite OK dealing with this with our REAL friends. #FAKEFRIENDS
#SOSVenezuela
Why didn't you share my tweet about the loser mayor of London?  He's another Kahn like that Gold Star family.  Probably related.
Um.  We don't want you with us...
So just what exactly did you do to help?
You want to help the UK, Donny? Resign.
You are helping everybody by taking care of your own country. Leave the world in peace.
You aren't allowed to say "God Bless" when Satan is your master.So shut up.
@FLOTUS help us by not ridiculing our capital's mayor, goldenshowerski.
And you are against bullying, while your ass husband disrespects London & their Mayor. Nice Melania. #Hysterical #TraitorTrump #MoveToMoscow
Finally the right thing to say! Took you a while. Someone helped you? Not that easy to do the decent thing for such a pos
You are NOT with us, you are with Saudi Arabia and the big oil companies. You betrayed us. You sell weapons to terrorists.
A good place to start would be misquoting & trash talking Muslim Mayor of London. That should really help. #Dementia  @CNN @foxandfriends
Funny how Melania doesn't retweet all your others about London.
I bet your kids are just like you too.
Then you insult them right after.............
The best thing you can do to help is resign and spend the rest of your life in your tower
NOBODY WANTS OUR HELP WITH YOU IN OFFICE. YOULL JUST MAKE THE SITUATION WORSE. IF YOU HAVE NOT NOTICED THAT IS WHAT IS HAPPENING
The Brits are proud & honorable people.  They need to be armed and protect themselves from these terrorist scumbags.
Stupid Donald: you are not even with the U.S. let alone London.
Be careful how much care you show other countries. Putin might get jealous...
Especially calling their mayor incompetent. Helped a bunch
how bout worry about the US.  keep outta other ppls back yards..
Didn't their Muslim prime minister or what ever he is say if Trump doesn't let the immigrants in they would attack America
By insulting it's people and a mayor while another one faced the same damage but you didn't insult him cus he was white
Maybe Portland can use some help?
Unless I change my mind about it. Please don't count on it.
I agree with the President when he says Terrorists are just a bunch of losers!!!!
you could start by not shit talking their mayor and stop cherry picking quotes that you take out of context.
We don't want your help! You're a joke and and it makes me sick when you use our loss and tragedy to make your hateful points 
Can the US impeach you then please
We don't want or need your help thanks
Can you condemn today's shooting in Orlando, please? Or is solidarity only in order when murder is perpetrated in the name of Islam?
Respect our democratically elected mayor of London who speaks for and acts on behalf of Londoners unlike you or the terrorists
How about just keep your mouth shut.
God bless? You think you ARE god, give me a break you futard
Sorry to have to say this but, you cant fix stupid....words are from people that do nothing....people who act dont need words....
What about Germany???
Awesome. RESIGN. That's how you can help. The entire world will be a better place without you in your position. #LiarInChief #LockHimUp
Supporting them instead of bashing them on twitter would've been a good start!
The last thing we need is you !!!!!
Muslims aren't terrorists if you look at the definition of Muslim you'll see that the two are not alike in anyway
God: I tell you, it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven  Jesus Christ
You're an atheist ROFL
Well, misquoting and insulting the Mayor of London in one Tweet wasn't very helpful for a start...
Liar.
What we as US citizens should avoid at all costs.  Hopefully we can take all of you and just ship you out on your own island. People like u
Hahahahaha- like anyone believes your GOD BLESS.  Hatemonger.
Well they hate you now, because of your insensitive comments about their mayor. Just shut up and leave them alone and stop insulting them!
As long as it doesn't cost us anything, right?
God bless you Mr Trump
Thanks @realDonaldTrump &one thing UR doing well is pointing out what happens when a formerlawyer4terrorists becomes Mayor of London.
United States stands strong We proved that after 911
You could help by not slamming our @MayorofLondon !!!
you got a lot of work to do at home, in the US.
omg shut up x
Oh, so you are only with the ones you think are worthy. Just to clarify!
All except be a decent damn person to their mayor.  You suck
Terrorism to the Low cost and Symbolicus Approach of Terrorism that is accelerating the democratisation of terrorism in the west. But also
What we need is for you to stop attacking the mayor of London. 
Thanks! #shush
So, cracking down on white supremacist?!??
So we are with London after you insulted its mayor?!?!
Pres.Trump start banning Hizb-ut-Tahrir from the UK&U.S.Put Ata Khalid Abu Rashta out of biz They are banned everywhere else!
Seriously? You take the time to tweet about your travel ban before offering assistance to a city that has just been attacked? #Disgraceful
London, can you get this guy out of out country? We dislike him sooooooooooooo much
yesterday @ArianaGrande and team actually helped. Please show your support and admiration for what they did. #SadiqKhan
They don't want help from the US
Godly things come first. Amen !
With them one day, attacking London the next day. DEMENTIA #Amendment25article4
The KKK are an epidemic that has spread beyond control. War on Christianity is the only answer?
come and run this country england Donald clueless our government need you someone with pride passion for there country!!
we don't need your help. We'll never need your help.
Dear God! Haven't you done enough. The last thing they need is a buffoon like you. Come to think of it, it's also last thing America needs.
But you have to put up with my (trump) criticizing statements when I don't know shit.
blessingzmay da Almighty lead u in whatever u plan
@FLOTUS Great. Uall can travel2many different places in da world.  Please lowerR taxes. RU utilizing US TAXES4your travels?
This was your first "Presidential" tweet. Congratulations. Too bad you blew it on the next dozen tweets.
