Wow not in touch with reality much are you?
Thats the selfish annoying reason why it's tough to move political vehicle forward easily.
you are making the right move
But I didn’t agree on war!
Participants will be better off without screwing the first half of that mouse model and they won't call you back to be in power rangers super bowl or something helpful blood flow through generations of the problem and that's good news on minimum amount of lumens per thousand oaks
'Many'?  Like 'many' people came to your Inauguration?  LOL. You are such a loser you can't speak in facts, just vague opinion.

Me
I was in the Army at end of Vietnam,  didnt go. Your tax reform is on the money to pay down the deficit,  corps will come back to US.
Mr. President, why are all those x officials allowed to say crap about you and what you know, their x for a reason.
Your bone spurs should be reason for your removal from the WH!
Your are the worst president this country ever had and you will be remember as much.#worstresponder
Many participants just laughing their butts out actually

If there was an award for hateful liars, you would win. Exclamation!
The Iran nuclear deal was 1 of the worst deals ever made in the history of the US. Thank U President Trump for taking steps to correct this!
@realDonaldTrump puke with your tweating all the time and constant self promotion
This isn’t English. How the fuck are you President?
LIAR!
#FuckingMoron #MoronInChief
Who is president of the US Virgin Islands?
Isolating USA from everyone is a great job you are doing!!!
Well, of course. You’re surrounded by “yes men.”
Hold on, are you accusing those involved with the Iran deal of profiting off it, through illegal activity? Details, please.
You don't bring people in from the cold by taking their jacket. This will only further alienate countries like Iran and NK. WW3 is on you.
Talking about 18 states suing you.
Thank you President Trump for putting America first. It is long overdue and you are appreciated very much.  #MAGA
It's slowly coming together for POTUS and your spot on :) 
@realDonaldTrump is Mentally Ill!
 #25thAmendmentNow
 #MuellerIsComing
 #TrumpHasAlzheimers
 #Impeach

https://twitter.com/AynRandPaulRyan/status/918881170867154944 …

You are telling lies!!!
like in that african country you made up last month?
I bet if you were making money you wouldn’t have ended it
37% of 60,000,000 people is not many. That’s still 19,000,000 with 41,000,000 thinking you’re a moron
Really flee bag?
Did Putin tell you to help them? We all know he pulls your strings, but #MuellerIsComing
CBS news sucks!  They spent five minutes praising Iran. Liberal, liberal disloyalty.
Obama’s “Mr. Nice Guy” approach failed epically! In just 9 months, President Trump has DESTROYED (not contained) the Islamic State
Even the most difficult world leaders have tremendous respect for President Trump! That’s because he follows through 100% of the time
Jacob isn't a bot, just a desperate little boy that wants Trump to get him out of hot water.
Very many people talking, I hear them all the time.They tell me how great I am, how great my ideas are. I hear them mostly when I'm alone.
You're a stupid ass muthafucka. Did you know that? You are a sociopath. Did you know that?Fred & Mary fucked you up real good. #RESIGN
خلیج فارس، آقای ریس جمهور،نه عربی. زمانی که اجدادجنابتان درغارهای اروپاهمدیگررامیخوردند،پدران مامنشورحقوق بشرمینوشتند.
You've done nothing to go after Islamic extremism as you said you would. Instead, you increased support for Saudi Arabia and Pakistan.
Many? Like 23?
Honey? Come sit for a sec. We need to talk. There is nothing good or agreeable in anything you've done lately. (think months) Stop. Resign.
Who agrees, the President of the Virgin Islands?
These "people" are close enough for you to hear eh.
Enough already!  Just give us Obama back already!
You must be one of the few hundred who still believe OB wasn't a total disaster and an embarrassment.
With ALL the hundreds of thousands of guns that US folks have floating around aren't you scared you might be in somones sights. U should be
Or just someone grabbing you & duck taping your mouth permanently so you can't say anything else ridiculous.Really strong tape.The best tape
I don’t know what this means.  What does this mean?
The second time you make the same mistake is not a mistake; it's a decision. Life has has taught me a great deal.

@realDonaldTrump #MAGA 
and don't fucking shun me, Sunshine. I have 280 character tweets — I AM BETTER AT TWITTER THAN YOU. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA.

#FollowThe$
Many people are talking that you are making us unsafe. Many people are talking Iran w/ broken deal make nukes. Many people are talking 25th
Happy #25thAmendment Day!
Many people are also hoping Trump will get impeached.
And, while we're at it, many people in Puerto Rico are still without electricity, clean water, and food.
Try to lease a generator anywhere in the country right now. Texas, Florida and PR have them all. All supplied for by the govt.
2) which is clear proof that Iran has not complied with the nuclear agreement and that you Mr President fully right about Iran lies.
Loose some weight maybe and maybe your peanut brain start working scumbag!
TREASON
We would be in such deep trouble if you were not in office. We are fighting for you, please keep fighting for us.
Ah, a member of the #ignorati
I am so sorry that you are a member of that group #ignorati.  Prayers for you. @POTUS #MAGA
Ad hominem fallacies are the hallmark of ineptitude.
Are you referring to the ad hominem fallacies being vomited by the left wing nuts toward our President mark?
U fail
Nobody believes you.
12 people talking, 11 agree with you. Millions disagree!
Idiot
No.
Okay, we know you're hearing many voices in your head.  Time for #25amendmentnow #ImpeachTrumpNow #TrumpIsAMoron #TrumpRussia #handsoffmyBC
@Eminem  won’t be fucking with you anymore dad
Thank you 
Fellow Americans you need to support our President, Trump is finally the one to make our nation great again!!!
You can’t renegotiate the prenuptial agreement after the marriage! You get this marriage and learn to work within it! Impeach Trump
That was our Money that your government had blocked ! It was not yours !
Voices in your head don’t count
Many people are talking, with much agreement, that you're a sexual predator and should go to prison.
So you’re hearing voices again, huh?

Trump has spent 1 out of every 3 days as president at a Trump property, 1 out of every 4 days at a Trump golf club. http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/donald-trump/how-much-time-trump-spending-trump-properties-n753366 …
Many people talking, with much disagreement, on your Iran speech today. Participants in the deal are keeping the US safe! #DotardDon
They're called yes men
All our Allies hate you
Agreement that you’re an idiot who is going to get us all killed.  Resign before it’s too late.  This joke has gone far enough.
False flag!  It wasn’t us.  We weren’t talking about this or even thinking it.  Please stop misattributing to us.

So fucking what?
Don't touch the Iran deal. You have screwed up America don't screw up the world
No one agrees with you

"With much agreement."

Just who is agreeing with whom?
And on what r they agreeing?
Do specify!
Enquiring minds want to know.

We'll wait.

#PersianGulfForever
FAKE NEWSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
You made quite a hefty haul while you were over there
Agreement that they thinks it’s horrible logic, horrible statesmanship, horrible leadership, horrible policy... then yes. Much agreement.

Sociopath.
Your great
Sabotaging the one successful nuclear nonproliferation deal we and other nations have made is a stupid, spiteful move. No one is for this.
@realDonaldTrump its #PersianGulf not arabian gulf.
Who's talking? Unnamed sources are, by your definition, #FakeNews
You're dilusional.

No one agrees with what you said pertaining to the Iran deal
U are a toddler and your words are putting USA in danger
Many people = the voices in your head. Get help.
Many people are talking about Trump being a moron!!
Only the uneducated 30% dumb dumb
You are a fool. You are making America look unstable and not trustworthy.
You are making the RIGHT move on this Mr Trump. You're really the only one who needs not lie no need any explanations
Which people? John Barron?
Yes many agree you putting us at risk again
If your mouth is moving you are lying!
Corker blasts Trump for trying to 'publicly castrate' Tillerson https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/corker-blasts-trump-tillerson_us_59e17de9e4b04d1d51820670?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 … via @HuffPostPol @WHNSC @PressSec
I'll bet whatever you change in the deal will make lots of money for YOU,Donnie! #RussianSanctions #EmolumentsClause #SundayMorningThoughts
What about YOU? #MoneyLaundering #Corrupt family funded IRANIAN REVOLUTIONARY GUARD you want to designate terrorists
your hallucinating, no one agrees with your speech. You make us less safe everyday.

#ImpeachTrumpNow
#ImpeachTrumpNow
 #ImpeachTrumpNow
 #ImpeachTrumpNow
Not ur supporters though, They are losing everyday. Today their HC tomorrow their life. How long b4 1 of them come at you? Hold a rally.
Clap for me,clap for me,clap for me clap for me, clap for me, clap for me...Your "many people" are FAKE LIKE YOU! NOBODY IS CLAPPING.
If you abandon the Kurds you are pro Iran anyway
Lolol it's always about money
The war machine
It war just four a job
It's war just too pay you car inc
It's war just pay your house payment
Every were you go it's war
It's war war just too get housing
It's war just to have a girfriend
I think your stance on Iran is great.
Bottom line.All those guys
understand ,is a punch in the face.
No warning.Jerks since the 50's
Sic Israel on them.They want too anyways.They have too.My opinion.
No way. Them, and wicked cool stuff.
They owe it to everyone,for listening to their crap for 70 years.
No more money for terrorist supporters I don't understand why former presidents gave our tax dollars to nations that want to destroy us
I know @POTUS  doesn't need to be told this is exactly what he ran on. #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA #mypresident
@CNN @CNBC @NBCNews @ABC @MSNBC If you only watch Fox, Infowars and Breitbart, u believe someone agrees with u on this. #Nobodyagreeswithyou
Yeah, nobody w/knowledge is agreeing w/you. Since you lie and exaggerate so much, why would anybody believe what you say. #TrumpIsAMoron
Are you trying to sound intelligent? Another thing you're failing at.
How many have considered the less fortunate in their midst knowing that Obama gave this money plus $1.6B in CASH to Iran the past 8 years?
Donny How many times do I have to tell you? These "people" are all in your head. Now take your meds and go play president #25thAmendment
That’s not what I’m hearing.
Your tweets are almost always in generalities.  If you don't get specific, they mean nothing.  Give details or don't bother.
Many people are INDEED talking with much agreement about your speech. Everyone agrees you are a lunatic who is going to get us killed.
Yo Donald. The president of the Virgin Islands just called. He said your and he should both resign now. For the sake of mankind. Now!
delwap.ir
شبکه اجتماعی فارسی
You're a scuff
The International Community thinks you're ridiculous
We see your “over-active” imagination of yourself & people’s response to you is in full swing
Many people are in disagreement, many more.  You should be informed before you do things
WHO?
There's much agreement that you're unfit to lead. #25thAmendmentNow

Support you in every way!
The International Atomic Energy Commission has certifies that the Iranians are in compliance with the Nuclear agreement. What the hell are are you doing?

Yet another lie....no one is saying this...the exact opposite.  Do you know you are lying or do you really believe your bullshit?
Who Donald? No-one, that's who. Just another step towards Little Donny Tinyhands (his Mafia name, true story) world protection racket
Definition of many: Trump, Sean Hannity and Jared.
Hey we can trust them. They love us. They love Christians. Dead ones that is.
"Many people"
If they aren't your russian handlers.....it's the moronic voices in your head
#FuckingMoron
MAIN REASON you continue to DESTROY OBAMA’s legacy is because you & GOP have NO COMPETENCE or IDEAS to make ANYTHING NEW or BETTER!SO CLEAR!
Well, you’re partially right. Many (probably MOST) Americans agree that you’re single-handedly putting our country at great risk.
The Failing @realDonaldTrump knows people don’t agree about Iran. He just doesn’t care. #fakepresident
Pull us out of that deal, they can never be trusted. We dont need to surrender to these countries like Obama was doing!
And USA footing the bill. There is no better dill for all of them.
Many people talking, with much agreement, about your impeachment. #notsoonenough
Love it!!
Are you jealous that you're not making enough money off trade with Iran? Nepotism and self interest seem to be your agenda all the time.
It's because the countries making lots of money are smart and feel threatened.
Jajaja
No one is talking, it's all in your head.
“Many” may be talking, but they are a minority!
So, they are a country. U say they can't do business? Who are you to say that. They are complying, mind your golf game, let real leaders do
No they're not, no one agrees with you. Read a paper, listen to the generals and world leaders. You're the only one who thinks this is smart
#Persian_Gulf
New sign in the Oval Office:
THE BUCK STOPS IN CONGRESS
You know everything about making money from Iran - you laundered money for the Iranian National Guard when such activities were forbidden.
#FireSessions
Consumer sentiment unexpectedly surges to 13-year high https://bloom.bg/2i8lygJ  
All you care about is money. You’d cause WWIII to save $13. 
