You do know he turned up in a Hispanic ship without a passport?
Do you know that there were no modern countries where he landed,just primitive tribal societies?
Well it was 1492. There weren't modern states anywhere then. Great opportunities for pirates, from Rome or anywhere else.
Yes, there were modern nation states. Spain, Portugal, England etc. But only tribal societies in America.
And your point is what?
My point is that he couldn't have posdibly arrived "with a passport" because there were no established states in the New World.
It was uncharted territory for Europeans and the rest of the world.
There were some organised existing states. Not sure you could describe pre-Reformation Europe as sophisticated.They did have guns of course.
You mean the holiday that's been celebrated since early 18th century and was established by FDR? #IndigenousPeoplesDay
Do you realize that you would have no Twitter and no smartphone without Columbus?
Who is to say smartphones wouldn't have been invented? Or other technologies? Have you lived that alternate timeline? Not a valid argument.
All technology we use today is a product of Western curiosity and science. Native Americans never invented anything before Europeans arrived
NA inventions: aspirin, form of syringe (before a European was credited for it), and more advanced agriculturally. Other various inventions.
This is the trash letter I got from the lousy Democrats of NJ attacking President Trump. They can stick it where the sun don’t shine. MAGA
We're screwed here in NJ, come November. The takers will come off the couch to vote for those who GIVE them free stuff. 
Almost time, #1776
Yes ! They will continue to run NJ into the ground. They will continue to use the homeowner as primary revenue source. It’s a disgrace.
You realize that Columbus Day was already a thing, right. One of the dumbest tweets yet. And you retweeted it.
Up next: Trump proclaims frozen dairy dessert will henceforth be called "ice cream."
Hahaha!
DEAR PRESIDENT TRUMP. TODAY IS YOUR DAY. WE WISH YOU A WONDERFUL AND HAPPY PRESIDENT DAY. THANK YOU FOR REMEMBERING AND TESTIFYING ABOUT THE PATRIOTISM OF THE OROMO NATION.
Everyday is TRUMP DAY though!!! #MAGA
It's not tho.
In other news, Trump proclaims the sky is blue, water is wet, sun is hot. This and other developments tonight, on “No shit Sherlock.”
No one cares about this day! It means nothing to people who actually know history. #NativeAmericansDay
wow. Maybe tomorrow you will proclaim the sun a star. Or water wet. #genius
Columbus "discovers" a land inhabited for thousands of years and Trump "declares" a holiday observed since 1937.
Thank you president Trump for overriding the liberal left-wingnut efforts to discredit Columbus & others that took part our great country!!!

Ummmm this date has been listed as Columbus Day on calendars printed 3 yrs. ago. Really, seriously #TrumpIsAMoron. #TrumpIsPendejo(stupid)
Is this like when you made up the word "fake"?
Hmmmm..... ok
While traveling to his golf course, AGAIN, on taxpayer expense!
Italy First #ItalyFirst
You really need to repeat the 4th grade.
Since when does the potus “proclaim” a long-established holiday which, by the way, is offensive to native people? Of course he’s all into it
Columbus was trash.



You are a little late, genius. Now, get back to the club house. Mom is making supper.
Don't you feel important. Man kick rocks Columbus didn't discover shit, One of America's biggest lie.
Hmm. I thought it was just Monday.

so its changed from the second monday to set on Oct 9th.  what kind of game are you playing Donny?  Is this about the flag?
America First!
Yeah...that great American Christopher Columbus
Retire now
Great idea
All you anti Trump people are nothing but pathetic excuses of human beings. Your parents should be ashamed of you. Your hateful angry uncontrollable and disrespectful. You need to read the Bible and learn humility. I pray for your souls
It's "you're"
U got n A. Yay!!!
It would've been whether you "proclaimed" it or not.  You are so fucking stupid and full of yourself.
Just another act of a stupid man.  He should report back to his adult daycare, for his basic load of psychotropic medications.

So you got around to this at 2:00 pm eastern? Well everybody, take the rest of the day off!
CELEBRATE WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP!!!
He loves our history.
We already have a Columbus Day!
To Trump From America
Okay, more on EOs coming?
You don't have to proclaim Columbus Day as Columbus Day - it's been a federal holiday since 1937.
You're*
Encouraging us to give credit to someone for doing something that someone actually didnt do? Classic Trump #resign #DotardTrump

Impeach this fucking nightmare of a monster. This Russian puppet. This money-laundering fool. This racist Nazi fuck.
Triggered Libtard alert..lol
Happy #Columbus Day Mr. President!
#MAGA
Thank you for EXPOSING #FakeNews and #DeepState to #America!
Just saying 

#MAGA
Even democrats can’t identify with the Democratic Party anymore! #MAGA
#MAGA
Discovering the new world is one of the greatest accomplishments in the history of man kind! We will celebrate it!
The politically correct, history revisionist left will continue to try to destroy history that they don't approve of
For those that have a love and appreciation for Western Civilization, Christopher Columbus is a hero
The loony left will continue to disparage Christopher Columbus, but real Americans look up to him and aspire to achieve as much as he did
Oh Jacob, why does your god declare a national holiday when it already is one? Call me lefty, that is way the fuck outta left field! SMMFH
Umm, hasn't it been Columbus Day for Decades?  You can't proclaim something that already exists!
Today, my son gets to miss school for a man who paved the way for mass murder. Coming only days after the Las Vegas disaster, this really saddens me. While we should take today to be thankful we live in this great country, we should also mourn the reason we are here. #ColumbusDay
We are here because of Columbus. We must respect that fact & be thankful. At the same time, we must also respect the fact that our situation is tied to the loss of many Native American lives -- lives not respected by Columbus himself, but should be respected by us! #ColumbusDay
Can I expect you to also honor the Native Americans who lost their lives so that the settlers could conquer this land?  They deserve more respect than Columbus does.
A Nazi's Honor is worthless to our ppl #thanksButNO
Trump and Pence ignore troops killed in action while attacking NFL for “disrespecting” troops 
Kentucky Republican introduces bill to punish women for miscarriages 
Seriously I want to smack him
Day by day the attack on women gets more vicious & focused. What they're doing to us,they're doing to everyone, but we're #1 on the hit list
Well to be fair everyone who is not them is on the hit list.
So true. They're going to pack the federal bench with RWNJ ideologues just to do a thorough job of rolling back civil rights.
It’s Oct 8, not 9th.
President Trump declares that April Fools day will now be celebrated in January to mark the anniversary of his inauguration.
For crybaby libs that are so outraged about CD, r u  ready to give up your land to native americans? Or did you forget how we got here?
Amen!
But do not stand for Trump
Trump declares all Anti-Trump Trolls are assholes
It's creepy when you talk about yourself in the third person. "George is getting ANGRY!""
Lol this headline makes it sound like you made the holiday smh
Only because the other GOP put their foot down and said; "We are NOT proclaiming a Donald Trump Day!"
Hey!  Guess what?  Without your PROCLAMATION it’s still Columbus Day. 
What A f’g idiot you are.
Subjugation of people of color, on their land, by white power. Right up your alley.
Well I'm glad Columbus Day has been federally recognized since 1937. Otherwise, a proclamation @2:30 pm the day of might be awkward.
#RussiaGate #RussianCollusion
INDIGENOUS PEOPLES' DAY! Fuck Columbus!
is already in the calendar. but no thank you columbus was a rapist!
.@realDonaldTrump .@WhiteHouse .@POTUS #MinorityPresident #TaxReturns #OverallLoser Reasonable, you honor RACISM, GENOCIDE, SLAVE TRADE. SAD
Wasn't Columbus one of those immigrants?
Now I'm really confused.
You know that it existed before you, right? Your proclamation doesn't really mean much.
We want the IQ test!
Celebrating a person that invaded and killed. What BS
amake okidin pecDin banabe

White European gets lost, claims to find settled land, commits mass genocide and gets named "hero"
Did you ever have an std?
Fuck Columbus Day
Uou r going right way
Indigenous Genocide Day
Columbus was just an idiot who landed in Mexico and thought it was India and then slaughtered their nation. Great guy
You are one evil motherfucker.
Hard to believe nobody thought of this before the delicate genius.
Vegas is 5 million short of goal from the shooter... give it mr president
Maybe he'd rather throw a roll of paper towels at the problem 
SMH
Wait you made an already existing holiday....a holiday? Wow.  Want a cookie?
@realDonaldTrump must see a bit of himself in the terrible man that Columbus was.
Liberal Canada use tax money  to open American tax money for leftist(you locked)Leftist so hungry,dangerous.Grants for organiz.against Trump
Canada is really penetrated by China and Russia ,corporation and mafia,without any control by Canada securityAgencyThe best place against US
God bless you and help to survive the West Civilization
It already IS Columbus Day and has been for many years. Did your day-care staff not tell you? You need a new nanny Sir!
congratulations
America proclaims you a TRAITOR for colluding and conspiring to overthrow the presidential election. YOU ARE illegitimate. #ImpeachTrumpNow

We already had a Columbus Day
DUH
Trump declares That all bathrooms be used for Twitter only at 3 a m daily. He’s using the power of the pen to enforce this declaration.
Thank you President Trump. Its great to know that we have grown to be the greatest nation on Earth.
Thank you for "Columbus Day". We need to put a stop to the destruction of American History Monuments as well. PLEASE!
Rapists always do stick together! Thank God you can't get it up anymore.
In 1492 Christopher Columbus invaded the new world and set in motion a pattern of rape, murder, slavery, exploitation of First Nations.
Indigenous People's Day.
This is intentional racism at its worst.
I can't tell at times if you sir are willfully ignorant,  or just blindly pugilistic. Columbus was a misguided murderer.
Anything to stem the flow of progress and decency. #LittleCrowdBigSwamp #LittleCrowdBigTears #NotMyPresident #ShitGibbon
#wtf is this really a thing?   Get to work.
Trump declares night time once the sun sets
Do you know that Columbus Day already exists? Tillerson was right about you.
Just like on March 15, 2017! Trump went to pay his respect to Andrew Jackson! Indian Removal Act = The Trail of Tears!
Of course you would, consider he raped anything he touched.
Well, that nanny-government public school brainwashing worked very well on u.

I Proclaim January 20th as National Depends Day !!
Trump claims himself to be President.
We've Always Had Columbus Day??? What do you mean???

You know Columbus Day was already proclaimed a holiday EIGHTY YEARS AGO by F.D.R.
When @realDonaldTrump proclaims #DonaldTrumpDay - will we all get a day off from work?
Not surprising you don't know your history and don't give a shit about indigenous people
.
FUCK COLUMBUS I'm a Hispanic & know my history. What an insult. @WhiteHouse why proclaim this day of the Lord in the name of a tyrant?
Economic growth. Celebrate REAL people!
 I thought this is how it has been called for a while now.
If there was a holiday on Andrew Jackson,  he'd likely celebrated it.
Good God! You people ARE delusional! Russia not in our elections, POTUS not being impeached, cares for ALL, vets too! Yell at your Congress.
Of course you would honor a rapist.
Make sure you declare December 25th as "Christmas".
Too many people are NOT being taught history.  This is one of the many things wrong with "education" in USA today.
You are behind the times. It is being changed to #IndigenousPeoplesDay The people are speaking out against #genocide and #racism
TRUMP PROCLAIMS THAT WATER IS WET. More at the hour.
I know it’s late , but Happy Indigenous peoples day !!!
So much winning. Lol
F Columbus Day.
.@realDonaldTrump @GOP INVITED RUSSIAN SPIES N2 2016 ELECTION PRE-MEDITATED TREASON. #twump DOESN'T CARE ABOUT SAFETY FOR AMERICANS. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #TeamTreason #LockThemUp
LMAO...he proclaimed it like it wasn't already

Green Berets La David Johnson, Bryan Black, Jeremiah Johnson, & Dustin Wright killed in Niger by Isis

#Trump: Tweets about #FakeNews 
 ROTFL
With all due respect this day will be officially known as indigenous peoples day..p.s. I think Rex has a higher IQ.
Anything to cause trouble.
#TrumpisAMoron
Today trump looked at grass and proclaimed it "green".

What the hell even is this? 
Why r u even reading it, if ur so outraged?... Move along...
"Saying Columbus discovered America is like saying Armstrong discovered the moon."
Wow now you're praising genocide too. A new low, Donny.
As it should be
Trump probably still believes Columbus was the first explorer in North America then again Trump probably believes North America is just USA
Trump declared all woman as sexual objects. Groping is in...
God bless! I admire your courage!
Isnt this already a holiday?  Now is it changed to the 9th instead of second Monday of October.
Trump saves "Columbus Day" cuz?  Cuz "F**k the Indians, they're all LOSERS!... white ppl genocided them w/...wait 4it...GUNS + small pox
Of course you do he was a man after your own heart. A THIEF A MURDER AND A SEXUAL PREDATOR.
by killing thousands of native people by disease and massacre.
You all happy bat im no happy ned help plies all
Next you'll be claiming YOU discovered America! Pretty sure we already had Columbus Day; it was on my Fed. holiday calendar. Thanx tho.
More appropriately... white supremacist day!
The first explorer to discover America was Norse explorer Lief Ericson. Columbus never set foot on U.S. soil. #moron

Mr. President I was listening to General Kelly he's awesome I mean he really knows how to take care of the media. And the general is awesome
He was a racist just like you!
Just like George Washington @realDonaldTrump.2016.
you are so fucking petty....get off twitter and do the job you are being paid to do.
Of course he did
Thank You Mr President, Please look into Navy Chaplains forbidden say the word JESUS, Sir and thank you for being the adult that u are!
So just Christians join the navy????

Here in Nashville, it's  #IndigenousPeoplesDay.  Screw Christopher Columbus, and you, too.
Wow!  What an original idea.  Just like you invented the word fake.  #Trumpisamoron
Serious eye roll here.  Donnie? Do you even know the actual day?

Ololol...Amerikaner. 
Of course he does, Columbus is the patrion saint of all white supremacists
You are a dangerous ego maniac.
Racist.
#LoveMyPOTUS
?
Time to change the rule requiring this. Half of what was written in the statement is false.
Chingas a tu madre pinche joto.
I hate to break it to you, but Columbus never stepped foot in America. Never came here.
So why a day?
Seriously? This is a joke, right? smh  Complete and utter dotard.

Another moron move.  Columbus was a stupid idiot that got lost and thought he was in India.  What if American natives had built a wall???
