The man said this, no matter how you spin it reveals EXACTLY what his intentions were and it wasnt to the benefit America or Americans
Would you look at a quote taken out of context, link to a video or transcript next time so more people believe it
Obama's feckless bended knee foreign policy allowed isis to flourish & advance #IranDeal Obama gave nukes & BILLIONS terrorist SO NO IT ISNT
It was the Republican invasion into Iraq that put us where we are today . Thank DICK Cheney
Pull your head out of your ass YOU'RE talking shit again https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DkS9y5t0tR0 … 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5p-qIq32m8 …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVr4_G61wNE …
You're showing lack of breeding Leann.

Who are the real terrorists?
This is mindless ranting, just like our great orange leader.
So what? He is a minority-vote president, incompetent, with terrible policies. I don't support that, and will never do so.
How nice of you. However, I have strong political views and I don't support people simply because they were elected. I do hate.
Thanks, but I'm not a big fan of bumper sticker philosophy.
Deal done by an American hating President Hussein..whatever is bad for America he wants.
Curtsying to Saudi masters by Trump was better right?
And the sword dancing?wtf was that?

Beautiful, thank you!
The "patriot" Trumper thought that was anti-Obama.
They are ignorant people. Only listen to what he tells them to, good little evangelists, listening to they're hateful leader
"Patriot" liked your reply to my post. I don't know why after what they posted.
Iran "deal" wasn't a "deal". It was a " dead of night" betrayal of all Americans.
You're re-tweeting an employee?  Someone works for you? Someone you can fire?  Do you see that maybe his comments are...biased? #sad

Trump one of the worst presidents ever sold America to Russia TRAITOR #impeachTrumpnow #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TheResistance @KeithOlbermann
from twitter-in-chief? can he even spell on 140 words? NO
LOCK HIM UP @realDonaldTrump .

LOCK THEM UP CROOKS, LIARS GRIFTING AMERICA. 
@realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump
"Trump was one of the worst & most one sided transactions the United States has EVER entered into."
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump
RETWEET IF YOU LOVE TRUMP!
Nope
And what's sad is that there was a number of republicans that gave Obama what he wanted. We won't mention names (Paul Ryan) f-en sell outs!
Obama always boosted the other countries and uncut the USA

That was an achievement of U.S. Marine Corp Seal Team 6.  Obama made it more difficult.

Muslim Hosein Obama gave away everything to make this and other deals
The Iran deal is similar to Bill Clintons deal with N.Korea when he gave them $ for empty promise not to build nuke. We all know the result.
. It may not be true that your work is now waiting for us to get rid of the Islamic Republic, thanks so much and very much.
must have forgotten all those treaties with the Native Americans...
I see you haven't read it. It's that or you want Iran to have nukes.
Did trump cry after he was laughed out of his speech? Did he throw things? Does he realize the whole world sees him like he sees Kim Jong Un
Resign!!!!!!
#Trump blows up the disastrous #IranDeal & #Tillerson immediately pops up & says it can be 'fixed.' OK gotta go, dizzy spell...
LeAnn is another ignorant frump supporter who wants to deny the fact she screwed up on her choice
#WorstPresidentEver
Not playing the “total destruction” card this time around Donny luv? You going soft?
Please end all the bad that Obama did
Russians loved the speech.. Cause trump sold out to tjem
Love our President! Love his courage! He will make America great again. And I will help in every way I am able.
The Iran deal was nothing more than the transfer of $billions to obama's muslim terrorist buddies.
What utter BS. Iran had to transition off nuclear power for defense - that's no small feat.
$150 billion sure takes the financial difficulty out of it.
Let's also not forget it was Iran's money to begin with.
Until the Iran deal was done. In essence we gave them their own $ back in return for unfettered access to their nuclear development
Which we've never gotten. Steal a newspaper and read it sometime libby:
actual deal not implemented until year later (Oct 2015) Larry & I'm no "Libby."
The Iran Deal can't be enforced:
#restart_is_the_biggest_opposition_in_iran

"Well, Go 'head! Mr. Greatest Negotiator ever!  Show Us What You Got!!!  And I Will keep Praying For You, Mr. Leader of the Free World!"
yet the ignorant child president trump ONLY has ever noted his misunderstanding of the '$150 billion'... he knows NOTHING about any issue
Resentment politics
What is your response??
How can the u.s ever negotiate with any power I . E. North Korea if the next president can just say “bad deal” and pull out?
Trump you are not God don't try to be
Got a lawyer yet Dan?
The Iran deal Next to obama was americas worse deals of all of man kind. #realtalk #maga 
I respectfully disagree. Unfortunately enough ignorant, low information, prejudiced people like you were too stupid to figure that out!
O Stevie it'll be ok. Just rub some dirt on it.
Emmm Stevie, that's not dirt. 
You're right! It's not dirt....it's the same stuff you're full of....SHIT!
What a mature cogent response; kinda like #LoveTrumpsHate ?!?
The troll blocked me bc I exposed the troll rubbing  on himself. Last week he was rubbing 's on himself, & they weren't his. 
Pres. Trump gave an incredibly powerful speech. That is what Iran & North Korea need to hear. How strong? #TrumpStrong Reclaiming America
Says the MasterBaitor.  Pass the kleenex.
I thought YOU said NAFTA was the worst? I thought YOU said Paris Climate was the worst? Oh, yeah! It's YOU who are the worst, #LoserDonald.
So agree President Trump!  Thank you for being our President!
Yes it was time to deal with Iran and their proxies in the middle east
I hope world leaders, if they are smart, drop their biased politics & realize P. Obama was an inefficient and harmful one.
"Oppressive regimes cannot continue forever."
 Not Rome. Not Hollywood.
Why do people let him do what he is doing?
Thank YOU LORD JESUS, FOR Our Leader Who Is Bold and Corageous, though not PERFECT, As None Of Us Are.  AMEN AND AMEN.
Yeah correct
@fbi. This is a threat of violence against someone under Secret Service protection.
What exactly do you find funny about violence against women and people under protection?
Why are you getting angry and offensive when discussing depictions of violence?
Why are you now attacking me after depicting violence?
Don't tell us that Americans have become another chosen people.why can't Iran possess nuclear weapon to counter apartheid Israel state
#DamnStraight!!! #WellSaid!!!
Good God. Every time you speak, people facepalm. Never been more embarrassed for this country.
The other worst deal made by United States was making Barack Obama our President.  Thank God (and I do daily) for @realDonaldTrump
#DamnStraight!!!
WRONG.  The worst deal we ever entered into is electing an inept fool as our president.  Embarrassing WORST.SPEECH.EVER to UN.
Tries to start a war w/ #Mexico
Tries to start a war w/ #NorthKorea
Tries to start a war w/ #Iran
#Russia hacks our elections, but silence!
He LOVES that white supremacy hand signal.
I think the democrats mastered it
& Obama gave the Terrorists over 1 billion dollars of Our Money; if that's not Treasonous I don't know what Treason is???
When did justice department start prosecuting based on public outrage vs following law? Sad we r corrupt. Sadder @jeffsessions not acting.
#shutUpTramp
Lie.
Before this deal was signed Iran had enough uranium and plutonium to produce a nuclear weapon! Now they don't!
Terrorists & extremists products of inhumane parents, families & countries roaming with anger & hatred.
You do know this is a 6 country deal don't you? The other 5 countries do not agree Wise up people Stop looking like a fool HOW EMBARRESSING
Please explain to American people other than WAR/bombing Iran, how to stop Iran from building nuclear weapons! Let's hear Solutions!!!
Absolutely the worst!

Smaller Government lowering taxes making easier for the American people 2 survive and succeed some of the things I am passionate about #Maga
Do not be so proud of yourself. The worst speech ever.
P
Clearly this guy knows less about this deal than you do,Donny!
#WillfullyIgnorant
Wrong! Electing you President was. Period.
Please don't repeat the insane.
I agree!!! Disgusting how Obama Admin. gave Iran pallet full of cash yet they still had nerve to take our sailors hostage!!!

Hallelujah Amen 
Crazy talk. To say it's better to not have inspections of their facilities is reckless at the least. Completely incapable of understanding
We owed Iran that money from decades ago.
Trump could have done better. Look at all the successful legislation he's gotten done!
No it was not
#worstpresidentever
Too bad we didn't have a leader who knew how to get a deal. Hey, maybe tour mob tactics might work on them

You are serving the terrorists by supporting Saudi Arabia who is the mother of terrorists organisations like ISIS and Al Qaida!
And you are one of the biggest ass lickers to the biggest Buffoon and Mafia Don's.  Grab yourself by the pussy, sissy.

Total nonsense: the Iran deal has worked, and kept us from starting another stupid, costly, strategically unsound war in the Middle East.
everyone laughed at you
Who are you?  -- Russian operative?
#PutItDown
Why exactly?
This from a Pres would can't/won't read anything longer than 1 page. That's deep understanding.
Someone create a law that prohibits trump from saying "Believe me". 

No one does.
Great UN speech!. TY Mr prez.  Please don't listen to bogus media & liars. They do nothing but weaken our country.
This speech is one of the main reasons Pres. Trump was made president! We the people are sick of bowing down to ruthless dictators! #MAGA
If you're "sick of bowing down to ruthless dictators", why did you vote fot #TraitorTrump? He's #Putinspuppet and he bows to Saudi dictator.
Great man
which he says about EVERY bill he doesn't like... or get.
But it was a deal.  If you rip it up, you rip up America's word.

Did you attend even one history class?
shutup trump
Agreed!

Yeah, Iran can't get nukes for 10 yrs. Seems like n. Korea needs a similar deal.
Dan Scavino you Jewish boy can you please ask HUMPTY TRUMPTY What happened to the wall? We want a wall and we want it now! He promised it!
Yeah, it kept nukes out of Iran, and kept our kids and grandkids out of a war with them. What a terrible deal.
I thought it was NAFTA??? SAD!!!
Have we forgot what Michelle Obama tried to feed our kids and school
Who was this zooming in on?
As opposed to all of the Amazing "DEALS" that you have struck right?? Oh... Wait... You haven't really done SQUAT have you?!?!
Dan, do you have to swallow or does Don let you spit?
Like the EU deal we entered in UK 40 years ago! And they're still kicking and screaming to force us to stay
What a tremendous speec by @realDonaldTrump   So proud to call him my president.  He stands up unapologetically for what is right
Please tell me that's a joke? We lifted sanctions in exchange for confirmation that they aren't building nukes. One sided, my ass.
#Shut_up_Trump

It stinks , to high heaven.
Wrong! The worst transaction the United States ever entered into was, electing you President.
I dunno...allowing the Orange Idiot to be president seems to be the worst decision we've ever made.
Hurricane Relief:

http://www.abnewswire.com/pressreleases/bargain-brute-to-help-storm-victims-of-harvey-and-irma_143748.html …

#hurricaneharvey #hurricaneirma @fortcollinsnews  #NewsDesk #News9 #Colorado #fortcollins
Actually your election was
Trump knows 0 about IRANIAN history & NOT a PHYSICIST!Specifics of NUCLEAR enrichment he doesn't get. IRAN is NO threat 2 USA.US is 2 IRAN.
You can only talk tough at a podium and to people you can financially dominate (old contractors). In closed room with other leaders...coward
Mueller will be the worst & most one sided transactions you ever got into. I'm so happy for you. Have a good impeachment!!!
And you, the great negotiator, could have done better?
US policy is solid lies and double standards!
Not really "bullshit man"
Italian PM @PaoloGentiloni supports #Iran nuclear deal #Italy #globalism
Not at all, thanks to this deal Iran stopped their nuclear program from good. It's one of the best deal the US has made.
what a Trihard
Go Trump. Go Trump. Go Trump.
They already have a bomb and with the 96k centrafuges more mass produced like lego's 
Right now world ending bomb by them is not inpossible
666
Another Obama genius move. What a loser
What about you being the president? Wasn't that the worst and most Russian-sided transaction the US has ever entered into? Sorry. One sided.
@sendavidperdue Why is POTUS on twitter so much? Why?
The worse was when you became president.
Thank you for your speaking of iran

Then please get rid of it Iran hates America why are we even dealing with them
And by dumping it you'll show the WORLD our word isn't worth a shit. You fucking IDIOT! #FAKEPRESIDENT
Just a reminder. Dan Scovino is a dim witted prick. Loves his poppa Don and emulates his caps lock use whenever he can. He is sucha BIG BOY!
It's cheaper than war.
That's because Obama is a radical Islamic sympathizer. Who else would give iran 150 billion dollars and the ok to build nukes.
I thought NAFTA was the worse deal ever. And TPP. This is why 65 percent of Americans don't trust you.
That the Dan Scavino who gets his info from anti-Semitic Twitter? http://www.politico.com/story/2017/06/10/dan-scavino-trump-social-media-profile-239381 … how is he an authority?
Many said, Trump, says the same thing the worst or one of the worst deal, bill or transaction. That's cause they are equally bad to/for us
Retweeting your social media director? As if he is an expert on anything other than propaganda.
Jump ahead to dt's solution. It says that....that...actually, dt hasn't given one. . "MAGA...MAGA..." #weakling
No. tRump is the worst one sided transaction the US has EVER entered into.
Trump is a genius
The Trump speech is translated absolutely reverse in Iran Media
It's "one-sided", there chief.
What are the United States going to do about it?
How was that one sided what did the other sides give up Iran gave up its nuclear development but the sanctions continue i

The worst thing ever to happen to the United States was the election your boss.  He's a fraud, a clown, a joke, an embarrassment.
It'll be terminate soon if Iran continues with its bad behavior!
Sophistry straight from Netanyahu's anal cavity. How embarrassing.

Saudi Arabia is the main source of terrorism, not Iran.
Only one sided against Iran
Chump looks and acts like a fool every time he opens his ignorant mouth. What an embarrassment he is for our nation! Horrible man! Pathetic!
Obama Iran $1.7 Billion / $400 million cash
Ransom or blackmail?
Hillary health Cmdr in Chief job price?
#See0To29 on @ItsThymeNow2
did it benefit both? this is the question?
Even that is an understatement.
People love honesty. Lol
 I really, very much, very much. I like to see you closely.
You betcha!!!
Bullshit. Allowing Donniegirl in the office of the Presidency is the worst transaction America has ever entered in to.
If Helen Keller were addressing #UNGA, she'd do a better job at public speaking than you.
Thanks for protecting and being concerned about us average Americans.  I stand by you.
