You always accuse others what you're guilty of.
Ironic, especially since Podesta has serious ties to Russia.
Stop lying to the American people.
RUSSIA.
If Hillary didn't why should Trump. Uranium was given to Russia
You're going to jail #MAGA
#mercura16
Your a joke, fool. Now...
This is a joke Right? Didn't you just fire the guy investigating election interference?
Anything you sign with the word "integrity" is fake news! Sad!
So you are wasting taxpayers money on your false claim of large scale voter fraud. Thanks Donnie! #donalddrumf #selectedpresident
You crazy fool
Trump is still sore because he lost the popular vote.  Now he's gonna cheat to win. #impeachTrumpnow #ImpeachTrump #resist
 "election integrity" coming from you..

When you're attacking FBI agents because you're under criminal investigation, you're losing https://twitter.com/politicalwire/status/794255050243801090 …
Now here is a colossal waste of money. POTUS is the most malignant narcissist to ever occupy the Oval Office PATHETIC PETULANT DELUSIONAL
You can get a commission on everything except one to look into your ties with Russia.   Have a seat somewhere.   IMPEACH ASAP
Yet you congratulate Turkey's president for rigging their election?  Lies are flyin'!


FBI confirms agents executing search warrant at the office of @scgpolitical in Annapolis. No coverage @CNN @MSNBC @CBS @ABC @NBCNews
fool

FBI confirms agents executing search warrant at the office of @scgpolitical in Annapolis. No coverage @CNN @MSNBC @CBS @ABC @NBCNews
FANTASTIC!! Love @KrisKobach1787 too! Good man.
Waste of resources
Integrity? Omg. LMFAO! I really needed that laugh right now. Integrity! Wow! That's beautiful. You keep doin' you, #DonTheCon
#firethefool
No Donny, it's spelled T r u m p not P u t i n.... Silly president....
If you end up sharing the same jail cell, who's top and who's bottom?
You lost the popular vote even with the help of Russia. Loser.
That's cool
A bunch of White Lies, coming from the White House. I thought Sean Spicer @PressSec  was bad, but that chick @SarahHuckabee is bad azz.
Can we get one on infrastructure, lower corp taxes, international taxes, maybe something that matters!
Hey maybe we shouldn't allow the Kremlin to infiltrate American politics any further. Resign.
@frankarmy @heidihamilton now this needs to be ironic right?
Who told you what "Integrity" means?
How about voter suppression?
You don't know what any of those words mean.
Lock him up!  Lock him up!
Hahahaha. Retard
You're a crook! Just like tricky Dicky! We are coming for you big D !
Wahhh! I didn't win the popular vote. Too fucking bad, we the people got you. I actually miss Bush Jr.
TREASON TREASON TREASON TREASON TREASON TREASON TREASON TREASON TREASON TREASON TREASON TREASON TREASON TREASON
#RUSSIAGATE
#TheResistance
Seriously? Yeah, sadly seriously...
First look up word integrity Donny, pssst YOU dont have any
California is now hurriedly erasing the names of all illegals and dead people that voted last November.
Have fun signing those last few executive orders before the FBI comes in with those tiny, tiny handcuffs.
You mean the ones he should be sharing with Hillary?? Lol !!!
If anything you or a staff member says is miss quoted... bar the media person/station/paper from any further briefings.
they haven’t been misquoted, they just can’t keep their story straight.
Ah, this must be biting you in the ass! Ur bf Comey, gf Hillary, gf Lynch,  leakers, obstruction of justice, treason, and all Dems. Pigs!!
took you a month to reply and ‘pigs!’ is all you came up with? Sad!
It's just common sense.
lying to a FBI is a crime ,you are not above the law
As federal employee I swore to keep PII(pers Identify info)confidential and private. Trump  have you ever sworn an oath and kept it???
Pray for @realDonaldTrump #AmericaFirst
Why not bake him a cake with a file in it? Makes more sense.
Honest question. What will you guys do if the investigations find no collusion with Russia for the election?

Acting FBI Dir. rebukes Trump White House, says Trump/Russia investigation is "highly significant." 
Significant maybe, but trump was already cleared.... Sorry sweet cheeks. Trump isn't getting impeached or arrested. Clapper confirmed this..
No one has been cleared.
Believe what you want. You're obviously oblivious. Did you even listen to the hearings or read the "Russian report"? Yeah, there's nothing..
No one has been cleared. Investigations continue. Warrants served yesterday. It's not hard to follow: It's all over the news
This worked well!  Just like every single tweet in your stream!  Well-oiled machine.
pfft 
.look familiar?
Lmbo what does Trump know about integrity ??
hhh
Mike: "Look, the retard can write" 
He needs to be signing his resignation letter
Mueller is going to help you both with the letters
'Presidential Executive Order on the Establishment of Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity' … https:...
since you do not possess integrity from what I see you wouldn't recognize it!  Just sop your BS!
@realDonaldTrump  FOREVER! @jbolsonaro2018  BRAZIL!
@realDonaldTrump once again looks like the #IdiotInChief ...ahahaha Wasting tax payer dollars..#TheResistance is coming for you!
That didn't last long.
BREAKING: White House says Trump issues executive order to dissolve presidential advisory commission on election integrity after many states refuse to provide information to the panel 
This will never happen.
Idiot.
Ah-so! Me Malk Zuckerbelg! Me speakee belly good Engrish
Just so we are clear, you're setting up a presidential commission to make sure that you didn't do a side deal with Daddy Vladdy?
POSITIVITY! GREAT JOB.
They believe in that in Politics...... Something's Constradicting, it's almost as if you forgot what happened during the last Presidential Election...it was thrown.....
This is great, keep up great work!MAGA!
President Trump, end all the fake news by only having press conferences on what you accomplished that day!
Well hillary is guilty of infanticide,  Bemghazi, recklessly deleteded clasified e-mails,  no remorse, no moral standards and much much more
Good. Start by investigating your election fraud. #ImpeachTrumpNow
And you say investigating Russian interference is a waste of taxpayer money!
It's about time. Did you finally find someone who will do as you ask them to do
I wish we could have "Universal voting" in each state for ex Pa is great but DE if u are not reg in the same party of the candidate no vote
Integrity and trump are incompatible
We won't be distracted. RUSSIA, RUSSIA, RUSSIA!
God, do you even know how to run a government
There is nothing presidential about you. #MentalHealthAwarenessWeek
Good. Now there will be no more Democrats in office. Howdy Doowdy
election integrity?? Thats  like a one of those  pedifile priest investigating the Boy Scouts for  sex assaulting boys
Oh the irony #MORON next you'll be advising America on hair styles
Oh, the irony.  #TrumpRussia
Good work mr president. We love you

Ridiculous.
Good, stop the Democrats from voting more then once.
Please hold again the presidential advisory committee on bioethical issues.And please make law in the United States.
what a crock
Awesone
BWWAAHAHAHAH! Hey #BLOTUS, that's like Hitler implementing the "Enabling" Act; Do u even no what integrity means? #showusyourtaxessnowflake
Jesus Donald, you won the election, and you will be very "popular" when you go to prison.
You going to try to restrict more voters?!
Steve Bannon registered to VOTE in two counties!
Thank you!
investigate Democrats fixed primaries, and rigged CNN debates
Its time to go after soros .way past time.Give no quarter just go after him.
Please hang on until June. I have that month in the pool!
Best the trout just go on about your business and do what you said you was going to do for the American people it just ignore all
What a joke! You looking for integrity? You don't know the meaning of the word. You do not possess an integrity gene.
Kimberly Guilfoyle will NOT take crap from the MSM! She will be a great press Secretary. #DrainTheSwamp
Donald J Trump creating integrity: War is Peace; Freedom is Slavery; Ignorance is Strength.
Wasting more taxpayer dollars.
All you are going to do is prove yourself a fool.
#FakePresident
#GolferInChief
#Sad
#Pathetic
#ImpeachTrumpNOW
#HillaryForPrison
#UnitedStatesOfCorruption
#PitchforksUnited
using executive orders because you can't get anything done...sound familiar, pussy boy?
How about checking the death records according to social security adm. against voters rolls too?
So amateurish!
Start with the phony voting machines!
We need to know  Why the Death people vote Democrat ?
lol and it was released with the wrong date. Just can't make this stuff up. Ignorant  administration
That's frightening. You do not know what integrity means.
Nice Newspeak.

Whitewash!!!!
Awesome Pair there!
You love signing these things and grinning like a baboon, but you never actually read them and don't understand  they are meaningless.
Ha, ha, ha!  First order of business should be investigate the integrity of the last election.  You are not fooling anyone.
Diversion!  You are always have one up your sleeve don't you.  The "this one does nothing" EO!  Is it hard to have sold your soul to Putin?
But, but... CNN told us it is your fault! 
Oh wait, we got some more made up shit, I mean hope, that Russia made pp vote!
Because you still irrationally believe there were millions of illegal voters who only voted for Hillary?
The fact you aren't kidding with this makes me wonder who feeds you your oatmeal in the morning.
Oh and this will be so helpful in blocking minorities from being able to vote and block investigation in how Russia hacked election for you!

Also, pls create a universal standard for voter ID.  Each state has different requirements or none at all.
"& then you have a president that signs executive orders because he can't get anything done." -Donglord Trump '16
But almost all of the cases found so far were Trump supporters!
Now that's fake news #Idontstandbyanything
By the way it looks in the pic ,Mike standing there saying that's a good boy ....... president pence
Why?  To keep people of color from voting!  Wake up the "complexion" of America is changing and nothing you can do to change that!
I love it.  Keeping your promises.  The only thing these Armchair Generals need to know is " YOU WON THE PRESIDENCY" 
Trump is going to establish a commission who will investigate his campaign for fraud?  How's that unbiased? It's like he's a cartoon villain
You need that to solve the problem of illegal voting and illegal voters thanks for doing it
I hope you realize that the @GOP has defined Executive Orders at Executive Over Reach.
Fake news
Does that include inference by foreign governments?
Hahaha!  Pence measuring windows for new curtains for after YOU'RE FIRED!
.                             .
Sir: Is your goal to silence citizens and suppress our votes?
There's a typo there. I believe you meant "Presidential Advisory Commission on Voter Suppression" #TrumpRussia

Please proclaim that only American citizens are authorized to vote.  It's crazy to allow foreigners to vote here.
Don't you mean "voter suppression"  #TrumpTreason
Commission on Election Integrity--look carefully at nonexistent fraudulent votes, but blame everyone looking into the real threat.  Russia.
Fascist
Voter suppression. Racist, sexist, ageist. Liar!
Voter suppression got you elected
Bigly
Instead of one day to vote, allow a week or a month. Many ppl plan to, but something happens &miss it--work, accidents, illness, travel,etc.
Hahahahahahaa!!!
While feckless biased MSM focuses on #RussiaGate our POTUS continues to #DrainTheSwamp to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Says the man in the White House because of #TrumpRussiaCollusion #impeachTrumpnow #TheResistance
What do you know of Integrity?
On the establishment of another Republican waste of my money
@realDonaldTrump. Integrity from your administration? Hahaha.#ImpeachTrump
Haha haha haha.....
A better caption for this photo:   Pence's thought bubble:  "In 30 days, I'll be president. Working out as planned since day one."
This is  a wonderful idea!  It should be a federal mandate I  all states.....I know the liberals out west will refuse
Have you accomplished anything but Executive orders?  The same things you accused Obama of doing too much of?  You've exceeded his total!
Fake news and a total waste of MY hard earned tax dollars. Crooked Donnie has no skin in this game as he doesn't pay taxes. Prove it POTUS!
President Trump il faut créer commission d'enquête sur l'intégrité des médias, excitations à la haine et non respect des lois fondamentaux
You need to be the first student.
You wouldn't know integrity if it bit you in the ass
Did you appoint Putin as the head of the committee
This is your idea of "very busy"??? All you do is make photo ops. You're FIRED!
YOUR A KOKE A CRIMINAL A LIAR AND THE RUIN OF AMERICA
Yeah, somebody needs to explain how the hell you got elected.  Pence has a probe for that.
"Next one gonna be rigged too, bitches!"
not have been, voter ID laws intended to disenfranchise minority voters, and where fraud did occur, it was to the benefit solely of the GOP
