The Paris Accord is a bad deal for Americans, and @POTUS' action today is keeping his promise to put American workers first. 
How is ignoring the advice of an overwhelming majority of the scientific community about global warming helping this country.  It's not.
GOD BLESS YOU VICE PRESIDENT AND YOUR FAMILY HAVE GREAT 4TH OF JULY. GOD BLESS THE USA!!!!
...and lie right along with @realDonaldTrump #ImpeachTrumpPence #NotMyPresident #LIARinChief #MoronInOffice #IdiotsInCharge
I agree. He is a liar who wants nothing more than to make money for the wealthy off the backs of the middle and lower class people.
No worries.  =)
LOL at the expense of the planet and YOUR childrens Children! Yeah that sounds like a wise and sound decision to me NOT get a grip people!
as opposed to Obama who put our grandchildrens grandchildren in a HUUGE debt???  YAH...I'm COOL WITH THAT! #12trillionindebt
Resulting to name calling?  We know who the real "fool" is.  In 100 years that stupid accord won't help one bit.
Yet again says the misinformed on the first accord in planetary history to include ALL but 2 Countries oh wait 3 NOW lol #WorstUSAdminEver
I would agree but he's #NotMyPresident 
#ImpeachTrumpPence #LIARinChief #MoronInOffice #IdiotInCharge #MoronsAreGoverningAmerica
How's that working out? Where's the jobs? Auto workers being laid off, American consumers losing Healthcare. Trump's #FakePromises?#WaHappen
Here is the link:
Impeach asap!!!!
#maga
The world is going to leave you behind.We'll boycott US goods &services so you can make America great again all by yourself.Good luck & bye!
@realDonaldTrump you are going to go down as the stupidest POTUS in US history, enjoy that!
Uh no he isnt and neither are you
Bullshit
https://weather.com/  check out the weather channel, and
No he's not. He's choosing to kill our planet and, by extension, US.
@WhiteHouse @POTUS North Korea doesn't need to use weapons to destroy USA, POTUS has done the job for them. What a knob. #Impeach
Speaking of jobs, where'd they go last month?  Trying to match the small crowd size. Other small Trump things also?
What about the Chinese and Mexican workers who make his ties and shirts?
No no no!!! Putting who first after only months in office and the millions he and his family spent just going to his private estates?#lies
Psalm 20:5
We will rejoice in your salvation, And in the name of our God we will set up our banners! May the Lord fulfill all your [1/2]
Oh, there will be plenty of vacant Search and rescue jobs..
And American children's health last and money in the pockets of big business .
Wake up.....
Excuse me but you can't tweet and be asleep #cofveve
........ and our grandchildren/ great grandchildren last
Pence you are a clown.
Dude, your President is choosing the past. Redneck win. IQ dead. Europe is future. Bye bye USA ;)
and put THE ONLY FUCKING PLANET WE HAVE LAST!!!
Have you seen the message from Arnie ? He is going to go back in time and make sure you and Steve Bannon never met.
Propaganda
#WhoInTheirRightMind 

WouldBeAgainstMAGA?
NOPE.
You mean: sold us down the river.....a polluted river at that!!
You make me so ashamed to be a Hoosier. #traitor #liar 
@realDonaldTrump @VP The WORLD says NO THANK YOU. You can't breathe,eat or drink the almighty dollar. Our world is in peril now. #OnTheClock
@realDonaldTrump  When did it become so easy for you to lie? You have no credibility left. Sadly, you are an embarrassment.
You can't be serious.
So grateful for this President!!!!
Curious why you support this move? Would genuinely love to hear the reasoning behind it.
Did you not listen to his press conference? He explained why. Stop watching CNN and MSNBC it's bad for your health
You do know that investing in green energy & infrastructure could produce more jobs than coal will? Like, we could create green industry...
Are you really that short-sighted & stupid you'd deny US workers a slice of the BILLIONS of dollars to be made by clean energy innovations?
Yeah. Just like your President chose to hire about 50 foreigners to work in Mar-A-Lago the day after he said "America First." #Hypocrite
you do realise a foreigner can become a US resident right. There fore having cheap labor does infact put American first
Not if Trump has his way.
WRONG!  America is supposed to be LEADING, not taking our ball & going home! New tech creates jobs!  Solar, wind & biofuel are the future!
The #ParisAgreement was signed by 195 countries, except Syria and Nicaragua. Trump will certainly be welcomed by Asad and Ortega.
Ortega won't welcome Trump. Nicaragua didn't think the Paris Accord went far enough. They didn't approve of the benchmarks being voluntary.
Deuteronomy 28:10
Then all peoples of the earth shall see that you are called by the name of the Lord, and they shall [1/2]
be afraid of you. [2/2]
No, he’s not. American companies supported the @Paris Accords. Majority of Americans supported it. This was meat for the base. You know it.
That is unique isn't it?  A politician who keeps his word.  He promised his base he would pull out of the Accords.  He did. Promise kept.
Pity his words are crap...
Says you and possibly your 39 followers.  MAGA
We all start somewhere.  # of followers does not define us. Get real!
No, but idiotic comments do and he has met his quota with me.   You entertain him.
This is the only time I can honestly say Trump shouldn't have pulled out.  #ClimateChangeIsReal #GoGreen
His dad should have pulled out
No Ernest, his mom should have swallowed 
I think he might be an ass baby actually
Definitely would've saved us from having to deal with King Cheeto..I've despised 45 before he was 45 (since the 80's) 
So basically the rest of the world can go F$%K itself? RS
No.  They can step up and make contributions.  We do not need to carry the weight of the world nor redistribute our wealth.
The rest of the world has ALREADY taken action! The price of leadership is footing the bill-- we have the highest GDP in the world.  Duh.
So what?  We are under no obligation to abet China's polution, provide a UN slush fund, allow Globalists to control our politics or economy
America is great these isn't anything you will do that will impact my life any .
Amen!  America first!  America will get there with President Trump.
Thanks for standing up against the elitists. Let them fund the dumb deal. Middle America is out of money . Health Care tax needs to go too!
RT @VP: Our President is choosing to put American jobs, American consumers, American energy, and American industry first...
You should read this, new study by climate scientist, James Hansen (et al) relates to climate change and sea level rise.
Like hell he is!!!!!!!!
Legalize marijuana and the people will follow you!!!
Wrong!  Our president has chosen to work with Russia.  Thank you and thank him for killing our planet.  We appreciate it so much. Love Putin
Who's cares if all other countries are useless, it's America that's important! Said by every racist ever.
What about the American PEOPLE? What about cutting MEDICARE and MEDICAID? You people suck! #ImpeachTrumpPence #NotMyPresident #LiarInChief
Agreed
If he's so concerned about putting American jobs and consumers first why does he import so many products for his hotels?
@realDonaldTrump  changed the slogan to "America Alone" since alienating us from all our allies.
By "American energy," you mean coal and oil, right? The future of the energy industry is solar, wind and geothermal, not oil and coal.
@GOPLeader bunch of brown nosers.
Please explain how this helps US jobs??? #motherisdissapointed
Give money to other countries, as the world naturally cools, then claim-"it worked!!!". Yeeeesh
Covfefe
Just go away...
Hahaha.
wrong
No he is not, he just wants to make himself and his rich friends, richer #notmypresident
Still reading fake news
You say you're an evangelical Catholic but your anti-climate change position is antithetical to the Pope's. You s/be excommunicated.
https://twitter.com/4nbltruths/status/870858651539525632/photo/1pic.twitter.com/ApzzfZJunV 
There are no jobs, no consumers, no energy and no industry without our planet.
@realDonaldTrump You r a liar. This doesn't support the facts of the agreement. According to the Washington Post.
Gonna save America by destroying the planet we live on. Um, there's a tiny flaw in your logic there.
It not about putting American jobs first - it's about putting American people first. No one needs a job when they're sick or dead!
Trump administration is actually putting their own interests ahead of the country's interests
You mean money is what will make America great. No need for the planet.
Go Trump Go!!!
Exactly. No matters if there are no planet ressources anymore to use and to produce stuff. But God will provide.
Poor choice. There won't be a future.
The REAL bad deal for USA is dj trump & his head-nodding, "I'm so humbled" weak yes-man baby pence -
Lies lies and more lies
#Trump's products are made in China, exiting the #ParisAgreement, you'll be able to buy more products from China!
#MAHA #makeamericahateagain The world will be better off. Please leave now, don't let the door hit you. #impeach45 #theyallknew #trumpmustgo
Mr @VP can you remind us what the Bible says about people who knowingly lie?
You're as bad as he is, but I'm glad you tied yourself to that golden anchor- after trump your career is over.
https://www.facebook.com/thubler/posts/10158795982140243 …
.@realDonaldTrump - Beating those coal jobs to death is beating a dead horse! What don't you get in automation & replacement w gas? ...
Would U Arrest Hillary already, Weiner is a Congress Spy and Debbie Wasserman Schultz!!!!! Spies Arrest Awan Brothers!!
Really? Where are the jobs? Whos getting Rich? the wealthy. You pompas ass GOD is looking down at you. And Satan has the door open.
Repetition of a lie does not create truth.
@realDonaldTrump and deporting vets.
Congress members visiting deported vets in Tijuana. @sdACLU 
American Pollution First, no clean air, no clean water, every one to sick to work. pollution does not = Jobs
Really, robot VP! When all of Trump products are manufactured outside of America how is 'he' putting America first! Dumb
You LIE! Stop it!
Despite the fact renewables industry is creating more jobs than fossil fuel industry. You're just wrong on this & blind to the impact.
WHAT, 80% of manual jobs will be done by Robot in 2022. Used 12 to do a job, now 3 due to robots?? Nine others looking for a job...Sorry.
Yes thank God for giving us a wonderful President.
You will be soon the great America again as Potus said but very alone on your continent
Bull hockey. You guys are putting yourselves first.
The only uniformity is that potential hires must show fealty to the president. 
Example #5 is @VP
And American CHILDREN second, and American GRANDCHILDREN in the grave.
scary creepy man
Trump does not give one iota about American workers, and you're a fool to believe anything he says.  He is the laughingstock of the WORLD!!!
He's not a President, he's a narcissistic, misogynistic, rich white trash conman and if there is a Satan he's his spawn and you his follower
To bad GOP leaders are stalling his efforts to succeed. They should use any means at their disposal-like nuclear.
You proved you don't know  about climate change. See you in jail. Too.
his budget plan is a bad idea for Americans. How many promises did he break for it.
@Elon Musk tweeted on Thursday. “Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world.”
Evil twins.
Even the so-called-president can't put all 4 things 'first' - one has to be first, one second, etc. #basicmath #worldislaughingatus
And American Children last
So where is the plan of how it will be done? All we've heard is senseless talk and promises, but no plans for action
@realDonaldTrump Great job
X shortsighted ignorance
#TRUMPRUSSIA 
#TRUMPRUSSIA 
#TRUMPRUSSIA 
#TRUMPRUSSIA 
#TRUMPRUSSIA 
#TRUMPRUSSIA 
#TRUMPRUSSIA 
#TRUMPRUSSIA 
#TRUMPRUSSIA 
#TRUMPRUSSIA
And American health as the last?
We need to our world climate first, or America will be first in a cinder.
Liberals are dead set against a successful America. Resist!
EXCEPT ALL THOSE THINGS ARE ON THE SAME PLANET WE ARE ALL TRYING TO SAVE.
which is fucking scary fuck earth right
At the expense of the world
Paris Accord was a Planetary Accord and we are Neanderthal fossils with a Neanderthal thinking government .
Tool
Too bad he is putting the planet last. Much more important in the long term. So short sighted.
Rubbish
Yes, ahead of our planet!
Our "president" is choosing to put Russia first! And the @GOP is in collusion! You have allowed greed to destroy our democracy! #TrumpRussia
The funny thing is that the atmosphere does not understand political borders. We all live on the same earth regardless of our nationality.
I'm gonna draw you next.
Seriously, you are so full of BS. Let me count the ways......there is not enough time in a day
But not American air, water, etc?  You sir, have grandchildren..shame on you
You should be putting American health first - damaged climate means damaged air and resources, all which ruin health of future generations
Over the future of this planet!?! How idiot is that leadership?!?
You’re a bad deal for Americans.
You lie for the liar.
You mean "first" behind Russia, of course.  #ImpeachTrump #IndictJeffSessions #IndictJaredKushner #IndictMichaelFlynn
To be fair it was necessary to pull out of agreement. This administration can't lead this country much less the entire world.
Does putting America first by polluting the planet make America Great again?
Start counting the Amer jobs created/saved by this policy now. And the economic benefits. Come back in 2 yrs with the results.
People in black suits following us
Everything is VOLUNTARY and NON-BINDING. He can change what we agree to do without withdrawing. You're all liars trying to hide something.
SHAME.  ON.  YOU.   
BULLCRAP!! He & Ivanka have factories in 3rd world countries.Only the gullible believe your delusions.
Then why did he make a deal with carrier....only to see jobs still sent to Mexico?  If it looks like BS, smells like BS.......
No, he is supporting an oligarchy of the rich and has his hand deeply in the cookie jar! He merely pays lip service to the middle class!
Thank you President Trump &Vice President Pence 4 your leadership.The job killing,wealth redistributing,unfair,one-sided "accord"is GONE
Nope. This makes America isolated, losing our former leadership role, and makes us sicker, dirtier, and our children worse off.
Funny how the actual CEO job creators at places like Exxon and GE disagree with you.
Penis, there are more jobs in the renewables than coal, so thanks for giving jobs to China once again
BULLSHIT!!
