The Part of the Book That Caused the Most Controversy Concerns Trump's Divorce from His First Wife, Ivana. Hurt... • @RealDonaldTrump
Not surprising.  I'm sure if the truth were known, there are many more episodes of violence. In his world woman are objects, for his use!
After Years of Attending Beauty Pageants—Trump Seems to Have Always Enjoyed the Company of Beautiful, Scantily Clad... • @realDonaldTrump

lol 
Even Before the Release of a 2005 Video in Which He Boasted About Sexually Assaulting Women—"Grab Them by the Pussy... • @realDonaldTrump
"I have tremendous respect for women..."
@realDonaldTrump


.@realDonaldTrump
as long as they dress like a woman and tell u how wonderful & smart u are.I want to vomit just writn this
Voted for you, but won't again

All evidence to the contrary...
Mr President if Jack schofield is so smart why is it that this is the first I have hear if him . what a dum shit.
If you're so smart, why are you a little egg with 0 followers? Dumb fucktard
sorry didn't know you new way a good President was.
LOL. I love the fact that you trumptards are illiterate as well as stupid ;-)
Roles like cooks, maids, masseuses, eye candy, prostitutes... amiright?! High five! 


nothing says 'respect' like grabbing them by the...

Having respect for your wife would be a good place to start.  You showed none on inauguration day. #emptywordsemptysoul
.@realDonaldTrump
You have respect for women ?
there is something called a life I really think you can get one for free 
you know there's a problem when you feel the constant need to justify your "respect for women".
do you understand what respect means?
Im being serious!
Your respect for women shows in all your statements and well-documented history #GroperinChief
Given your actions & your comments towards women you must not understand what respect is. Further your policies rip at 1/2
2/2 at the fabric of society & show a lack of knowledge of the economy. What you consider a woman's role is a throwback.

Wait, grabbing someone by the pussy is respectful? Apparently I've been doing it wrong all along.
It's almost like women are real people.
Sure donny. You have told us before about how much you respect women.
is this an example of how you "respect " women ?
So sad @realDonaldTrump
"when it comes to Donald trump & respecting women,the lie detector test determined....THAT WAS A LIE!"  #BlessYourHeart
.@realDonaldTrump 
I apologize for not posting this here the 1st time:
Small sample size, but 65 voted "No" & only 4 voted "Yes." Sad!
"the many roles they serve"!!!  You are even insulting when trying to give a compliment, because you don't respect us.
who wrote that for you?? Because clearly you didn't. Your actions speak louder than words.
.@realDonaldTrump You think a lie becomes truth if spoken often enough, don't you? @latimes
yeah we know what came out that hole
Grab em by the pussy is not respectful....
which roles? Mother, wife, sexual partner? Because we fill many more roles than those
Same here! I love anything with a vagina, even Sean Spicer! #SnatchingVaginas
Roles like porn star, trophy wife, doting daughter, maid, and whatever you call what Kellyanne Conway does?
Why would it occur anyone who actually believed this to have to say it publicly?
Does that include, #hopehicks @FLOTUS or @IvankaTrump or all three of them
U like to grab their P. and their Asses and then u come here and LIE again. Ur going down in history for ur impeachment .
Areeet big d. The very fact you feel the need to say this is a bit odd don't you think? !
We all know that you try too hard to get liked by your people, DEAL WITH IT
Keep your respect. We don't want it. Smells too much like....crap and lies.
Yeah...right
Really, because your actions show the exact opposite.
lol.
lies
Yeah, right. 
do you?
are your respecting them whilst pussy-grabbing? Elaborate on this so-called "respect"
sure. You keep on telling yourself that. You definitely don't have a very good way of showing it, do you?
lol
OMG that is a lie if u did u would show it 
u r not the slightest bit respectful toward women. You will last 1 term at  most. The majority of this country hates you.
respect for women? Yeah, maybe if you've grabbed them by the pussy.
What? Barefoot & pregnant? So, you haven't forcefully kissed a woman against her will lately; that doesn't mean respect!
OBVIOUSLY.
You brag about grabbing women by the P***y !! What part of that is Respectful ?? #SAD!
too bad we can't believe a word you say!
oh please . NO ONE BELIEVES THIS DONALD! YOUR ACTIONS...YOUR ACTIONS...#FreeMelania
NO YOU DONT stop the lies please
hmmm let's compare to Canada  50% of the cabinet are women in the states????

Donald, Mr President,
PLEASE STOP Using Social Media 
Be Presidential.
You don't know what respect is. Or honor, integrity, compassion, empathy....
we definitely need more women leading organizations. How many women are in a leadership capacity in your organization?
Why you always lying.
lol k
As you get to do whatever you want because you are rich? They just let you grab them by the ....... whatever?
Your insulting remarks about many women disprove that statement.
 tell me another joke

Liar!
HAHAHAHA REALLY FUNNY

how can you have "tremendous respect for women" you dont have many in your cabinet and you brag ... grab 'em by our p****?
Tremendous Respect for Women...."they'll let you grab them by the PUSS*!"
LIES BY TRUMP AGAIN!
Who was it that said grab them by the Pussy?
Yeah ur true colors & how u respect women in strong powerful roles shines thru DISGRACEFUL! #misogamy #OldManDonald
Merkel asks Trump: “Do you want to have a handshake?”
The U.S. president did not respond.
http://politi.co/2mRdj6O  
As displayed in your time with Angela Merkel. #actionspeakslouder
AHAHAHAHA  
For real man, Who the fuck do you think you're kidding with this shit??
what a joke
... cough, bull shit ...as long as we don't have an intelligent thought of our own, right?
your past behaviour does not indicate this but the opposite
were you thinking about this quote today when you wouldn't shake Chancellor Merkels hand?

"Wrong"
.@realDonaldTrump that statement is not backed up with your words and actions. #bullshit
if you really respect women then salute them although you don't like. I'm sure your mama didn't raise you that bad.
You cannot be serious. YOU CANNOT BE SERIOUS.
OMG .... dude .... please stop ... #Grabembythepussy
no you don't
They will be fine as long as you keep your tiny hands to yourself!

FAKE NEWS
no you don't. Keep food programs and add proper. Childcare services
Then ensure that they are given better pay and conditions of employment!
of course you do! As long as their really hot. And don't talk too much.
Fake tweet !
lies
Do they let you GRAB 'EM BY THE PUSSY if you tell them that??
Prove it. Stop groping us and rating us like livestock.
oh really.  Give the public some credit.  Who really believes this?
You wanna fact check that real quick?
This is by far the funniest thing you've tweeted! Your a joke to the human race! Learn how to respect every race not gender
then you grab their pussies.  Such inspiration from "President" (note "quotes") #trumpquote #trumppussygrab #notap
FAKE NEWS
you Americans should stop being disrespectful to your president, I'm tired of these hate comments everywhere.
dont lie 
Sounds fake, but ok
you respect them but don't think they're good enough to control their own bodies..
Right...........
If that were true, you wouldn't need to tell people. It would be evident. Your history demonstrates the opposite of respect

so not gonna grab'em by the pussy 
Yes! We women love the assential role we have in the kitchen!!!! #godblessmerica #hageldrumpf
grab'em while the grabbings good.
liar
sure you do...
bet
As long as they do what you say. Actions speak louder.
as long as they look like you want them to
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah
Hahahaha. You are SUCH a "funny" "guy".
I see this saying something most can't see and it's very disrespectful and predictable for his mentality
LOL You should play yourself on SNL.
There is something drastically wrong with your long-term memory!
saying you have respect and showing you have respect are two different things, Mr. Trump.
You have a funny way of showing respect for women!

Your history proves otherwise.
So it's their vaginas you don't respect?
#alternativefacts
he just wants to grab your pussy
Thanks. Very nice of you to say so. All this time we thought we were just serving our male masters.
FAKE NEWS !!!!! Why do women hold less than 17% of the seats in your cabinet? #dumptrump #resist
Right just grab them by .....,,,mr

If Trumps lips are moving, he's lying.
Majority of the world's women have no respect for you, an admitted sexual predator.  #WomensMarch
LOOL
Fakest news ever.
this from the 'Fake News' king. #pussygrabber #Russiagate #TrumpLies #ImpeachTrump #Bad #Sad #LiarLiarPantsOnFire
 oh stop it, Donald, I'm going to piss myself.

you don't respect me. I am a Mexican woman.. you hate me. I'm more American than you'll ever be 45 . #DumpTrump
#DressLikeAWoman hypocrite
wow no one likes you bruh. Lmao.
I believe you have the best intentions  for for women you've shown nothing but respect for women
Thank you Mr President, not many real men left.
Well, your healthcare bill says otherwise, dude.
So do your actions and morals. Perhaps some serious self reflection is in order.
@Kashishrupani See? He's not evil. xD
so much respect omg I can't take it
Hey, @realDonaldTrump
ok, donald.
“Grab her by the pussy”
Trump-"Women~you have to treat them like shit." Doesn't sound like "tremendous respect for women" to me. Sounds like a #SexOffender that veiws women as objects to be owned, sexually assaulted, and discarded, at his convenience.
Oh fuck you.  We heard what you said. You defend the men every time and say all the women are liars. Like the ones you assaulted, right? Women are gonna be out in record numbers in November and vote all your complicit GOP buddies out.

you were quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
You're so full of BS you have no respect for women, you prove it every day.
I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our ec...
Laughable
Save us
