Someone who helps a lot of person deserves to be released #FreeKevinTrudeau

Actually.....
Why is Mueller hiring only partisan Marxist Democrats bought and paid for by HRC & Soros? Where the Hell is Sessions ?
Why was Lois Lerner allowed to spit in America's face and saunter out of harms way after committing hundreds of felonies...by Sessions?
We do not trust Sessions and he appears to work for HRC/Comey and Obama instead of our President
Gotta love the globalists that frown on the US President putting America first for once, more validation on why Trump is POTUS! #MAGA
The leader of Nambia must have been impressed, too much covfefe today Donald?? Is there a leader for Nambia, maybe you should lead there
RT Leaders are men/women of action. Talk with NO SUBSTANCE and TRUTH is worthless. Be a person of action. Earn respect thru your ACTION(s).
God bless & protect POTUS !
Have the DEPARTMENT OF Education make All Public Schools say Pledge Allegiance and stand up to the anthem.  
Trump is a winner! No matter what the haters say, he’s actually making this country great again! Thank you Mr. President for actually caring
I copied this because it says it all! Greatness comes from GREAT PEOPLE LIKE THE TRUMP FAMILY!
You continue to embarrass America with your insanity. Also- you won the election illegally. Can't wait until you are gone.
Like I said before , if you can't support the POTUS speech at the U.N meeting , than y'all need to be on the domestic terrorist watch list
Like from Namibia ? Again showing you're dull edge #notthesharpestknifeinthedrawer @twwnaz @WLiberals
I didn't think anyone used Nivea anymore #so1980s
Yeah did you meet w the pres of Nambia?
素晴らしい、スピーチでした。
ありがとうございます！
Everyone at the UN is laughing at you. The fraud clown. #impeach
BUILD THE WALL
You gotta hand it to our POTUS. To get a better understanding of global problems and possible solutions you must meet with leaders.
Have u not noticed how much tha world has changed nd is changing since uve become President? Curious to kno if u care for tha states tha ppl
We want America to be first taking care of their own


Do you have any fucking clue? The world leaders are laughing at you.
They make fun of u we all see their faves when u speak its embarrassin we will impeach n put u in prison n get our rep back...Mueller here
Even I am not American, I appreciate your boldness to reveal the facts that the world is facing. Keep praying for you President!
I was thinking that since it is a meeting of many of the world's countries that America could concentrate on WORKING TOGETHER!!!!
Dotard,  mentally deranged. The world knows it.
Good going Mr. President. Keep going and DONT stop!. Get Obama , and Clinton. All of them!!.
Thanks for being a strong president. We have needed a no nonsense prez for a long time
Be sure to wear your red #maga hat to dinner. It's a #unitednations fashion show, you'll win bigly.
Yeaaaay America Great Again when were we not Great ?i never stoped beliving we aint Great,i'm true beliver in our country our flag Godbless
America first...  @ http://kiliedutravel.com/packages.html 
Psst! NAMBIA.  ROFLFAO!  Your stupidity is classic.
Yes, and you are making Presidents great again! KY Gal!
RT @realDonaldTrump For SUCCESS, Rule #1: You Work For The #American People; Rule #2: See Rule #1. You Don't Work For Big Corps & #Congress
Loved your speech! 1776 part Two!
The scariest word the American President used,
while addressing the United Nations new world order puppets, 
was the word "sovereignty."
My prayers are always with you Mr President, keep up the pace
I trust in you sir! Make America great again, God bless and see through your good office
I'm a Canadian.! And would like a very strong neighbour next to us in case that mad man in North Korea starts bombing us.
Go get em' Proud of your fearlessness to tell it like it is! Presidents mama didn't raise no wimp!!
Big meeting should incl. NO MORE LOANS. Silent majority gets nothing: defaulted loans & global corruption #usaid #ustda #idb #cai #imf #ippf
great speech to the UN. It’s time to discuss exiting the United Nations they’ve abandoned their core mission  for climate change action. Sad
Morons Are Governing America. Your UN speech was the worst ever. It takes more talent to be a leader than a demogogue.
People used to laugh at you, now they find you a monster! You are no President, you are a dictator, that is what the world sees!
Good work

How's it coming pulling documents together for your impeachment? It won't be long now. Manafort, Russia, Flynn, you.
HUGH ! LE CALUMET DU PET A PARLÉ
Tremendous! Thank you, Mr. President!
Humptytrumpty is a buffoon! He embarrasses the Nation!!
You are doing a great job. Thank you for making the American people feel proud again.
Mr President you by far are an interesting man, in a good way. Look out Rocket Man!
#TrumpResign
I dont think so Donald @realDonaldTrump
Why is Roaenstein allowed to break the law and avoid being disbarred for conflict and malfeasance for working to attack you & protect HRC
You were awesome!
You were such an embarassment I can't even begin to describe how mortified I am.
MAGA
Liar
America's strength is back!!! #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Just as soon as you're done binge-watching Fox and Friends!
Law and Order.  America first and only.  Cut visas to 1/4. Stop the steal and abuse

I don't think you understand what the UN is for, with that rhetoric.
You mean the US because AMERICA IS A FUCKING CONTINENT 
God bless you
Haha I love you Rach
America first = healthcare/tax breaks only for the wealthy, suppression of civil rights, pardons for torturers, pollute the environment.
You embarrassed our beautiful country it's a peace conference and all you talked about was war.
See now , there u go showing ur ignorance !!! The U.N meetings is there to discuss the dangers n the good of our world , to make it better !
You are AMAZING!
MAGA
Thank you, Mr President! 
Ox's.....I Iove you!
"America First" (disgusting KKK slogan you've got ppl chanting there, btw)
You are the best Mr
PRESIDENT!!!!!
Oui l'Amérique d'abord, mais l'Amérique ne peut pas aller sans les autres pays, petit ou grand.
OMG
#WorstPresidentEver
REALLY, U R A GREAT LEADER OF WORLD
Dr. Seuss may have been racist, but he knew what "America First" meant
The United Nations is about global harmony, cooperation, peace & wellbeing for all! How odd that you inject nationalistic America 1st here!
Some Chinese immigrants in America are lower level because of their speaking and bad behavior, kick them out.~
yeah n i bet they all think ur p "interesting" too
But you did not remembered biafrans in you're speech.
America was never great..better than most countries but still never great. It has its long list of issues
More like Trump first.
Your putting Donald and His little ego Purim first not America.
Yes Make America Great Again! Deport DACA Dreamers!!
Or start the first nuclear war with your deranged incompetence.
Dear Donald Trump please save Biafrans current genocide committed by Nigerian army in the Southeast of the country.
Thank you Mr Trump I do not listen to all this liberal media I as a converative really cannot stand the republican party anymore
They don't like you. Neither do we.
I heard your speech was a blast. Looking forward to WWIII.
America is already great if only you would stop your weird stuff.
Mr President I think to set a good old American example whenever you show up to a dress the people you should enter to 'bad to the bone'
So many interesting leaders...but F those guys...America first!  Right after Russia.
It's people like me who gave them the freedom that they have today, including freedom of speech


Crook
I love the way world leaders laughed at your speech. 
When was America great? Can you give me a time where america was great, and not fraught with corruption and bigotry? Yeah I didn’t think so
Wonder if the meetings go like this:
(THREAD) This is a picture of one of the biggest moments in the Trump-Russia scandal—and no one has reported on it until now. Please SHARE. 

Mist of those leaders actually care about world affairs - not just there blowing their own horn
Make us embarrassed again
This was one of the worst displays of an American president ever. You continue to be the worlds joke and an embarrassment to America.
Great! So who's going to do it?
H
Pls block me thanks
Go away Dotard Trump #WeakPresident
You have made America scared, and awful. You are everything that makes America horrible.
If USA needs to wipe tons/cocaine out, Colombia needs a serious Republican ambassador. 3 years of dark glasses and looking somewhere else.
They all HATED you.
Because that's #what the UN  is all about.
It's sad the US has an idiot there
#MAGA. Morons Are Governing America.
Greatly despised. Thanks a lot DOTARD Don.
I believe you're in love with Bill's wife!
This isn't a book report.  Dotard LMFAO to a tee.
And everyone laughed and said putting America first a meeting of many countries was bullshit.
God bless you more and more. Sir please reply me
Big meeting with a little baby man.
American is a long, long way from first thanks to your utterly deplorable presidency. Wake up to the REAL NEWS FAKER POTUS.
It already is great!
#TrumpShamesUS
Where you will ramble on.. incoherently.. lie after lie.. while playing an invisible accordion.
Bring back your companies from all over the World to USA, CRIMINAL CROOKED @realDonaldTrump ! America First! Give Americans these jobs!
And they are all laughing at our pathetic excuse for a president.
You do realize that the United Nations is not supposed to be about making America great, right?  #Dotard
Getting the biggest loser and liar out of our white house will make America better than ever. We have always been great!

I dare you to block me don
Again? Your the traitor here.
It's already Great Mr the president.
Meeting with President Rumen Radev is especially important because God is a Bulgarian and he has blessed America. Halleliah
Why do they seem to hate you?
Too bad all the Real leaders are laughing at your ignorance! 
Rate the top leas guitarist of 20th Century  Jiminy Hendrix Jimmy Page Jeff Beck & Eric Clapton.  That's what I thank bout U. N
America didn't need that much help before you but now both you and US needs helps so please call your doctor!
Be careful up there in Washington DC. To many selfish people and back stabbers
not the fake leaders miss trump pussy ass nigga

Hopefully as good as nambia?


Next meeting.  The president of Nambia.  I will wait..
You can't make anything great. You destroy everything that is great already. You are a sad creature
America 1st, not Zionists of Israel!
America was great with Obama. We are in huge trouble now with you
It was great under Obama! God help us now
Isn't this account the famous BOT?
傻逼吧，川普
Which America?  South, Central or North?  Just resign!
Thank you Mr. President for putting America and Americans first!!!
