And on your watch they've already fired a cruise missile and had a spy ship off Delaware coast. Sad. Weak.
Did you know that ship comes back routinely? Since Bush even. 2015,2014,2012..back to 1998. Not a surprise, or threat.
I'll give you the spy ship. But what about the firing of cruise missiles in violation of a cold war era treaty with the US?
Not too worried about it myself. I'm rather concerned about the B61-12 tho, but the US media won't cover that story much.
It's a signal of intent. It's dump getting tested by Putin and failing. I agree on the b61. But this clown wants more nukes.
The GLCM deployed to Kaliningrad is dual use, likely intended to use conventionally, and not "news"; Obama just ignored it
Now its actually deployed it's suddenly 45s fault. Russia's concerns over the B61 dismissed b/c not technically a violation
Well yes, isn't that using his standards against him? If it was 44's fault, it's 45's, too. We agree on the b61.
if you were so concerned, why did you stuff your pockets with Russian money and parrot their propaganda?
It's not Putin spreading RW propaganda.

It's good old American Billionaires.

@WesClarkjr @realDonaldTrump
I think both Putin and American billionaires spread propaganda.
That's also possible. But, I'm getting scared of how dems are trying to provoke Trump to prove he is anti-Russia.
I am worried that he will start a war to prove that he is NOT Putin's puppet.
Then we'll have to stop that war before he can start it.
I hope we can. The democrats are playing with fire.
Trump has been measured for his Mission Accomplished jacket to wear when he bends over for Putin.  No bow, no curtsy just
,have any word put on ex-black guy .......
too Bad
For eight years Russia "ran over" President Obama, got stronger and stronger, picked-off Crimea and added missiles. Weak...
Hey Donald why were you meeting with Rybolovlev during the campaign? Are you still?
drain the swamp, build a wall.
fake news
like the sanctions that have severely impacted their economy?
look around you right now and see if any around you will be friends or respect you a year from now
Obama was lacking one key ingredient when it came to strength. He was missing a backbone.... #MAGA @POTUS
Un pour tous, tous pour un (One for all, and all for one) God Bless President Trump & his team - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
the United states used NATO to take out a sovereign state in Libya. They weren't going to stand by idly.
Right again Mr. President Trump your support is growing real AMERICANS are willing to fight for you
desperate deflection donald
But didn't you say Russia wasn't in Crimea?
You didn't even know about the Crimean Peninsula until you were interviewed about it. #sad #fakenews #wrong
but he didn't sleep with him.
Ooooohhhh, you've been so tough on Russia. You're going to die in prison. You know that, right?
You will never equal President Obama, you cannot even fill his shoes. You are a national joke and an American embarrasment!
it's amazing how much your followers love eating up the lies you tweet.
it's amazing how much you think the president gives a sh*% what you think
God Bless you, President Trump!

don't you have some presidenting to do
He doesn't have the capability for such a thing.
*Now* you talk tough against Russia?  Man you have zero idea what you are doing.
http://www.politico.com/story/2016/08/trump-clarifies-crimea-ukraine-226497 …
There you are projecting your own problems onto others again, Lord Dampnut...
Did you and Putin have a lover's spat? Just buy him some roses and give him America, like you've planned.
I think you might be projecting, Donny. It's not Obama who is under the thumb of Russia.
So if you're concerned about Russian aggression against Ukraine, what are you gonna do about it? @realDonaldTrump https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/839101660886614016 …
wasn't it just a few months ago that he didn't even know anything about Crimea?
I really think it's time that Alec Baldwin takes over at the White House and you can impersonate him!!!
hypocrite
: #DoubleAgentTrump
#Donnie or as we call you "Dinnie dim wit". You are an evil ignorant POTUS that history will revile.
giving them what they want will work better... like buying their steel for pipelines USA first right?
says the person in bed with Putin getting joint golden showers.
Why don't you release your tax returns so we can see your Russian connection? #liarinchief
.@realDonaldTrump when u said u were going 2 unite the country: Did u mean just for an hour when u were forced fed ur meds? @foxandfriends
Hilarious you're saying this, 45, considering you're affectionately known as Putin's Puppet.
President Obama was weak on Russia? Maybe, but you're giving them everything they want. You, sir, are Putin's lapdog.
What happens when he calls in his debt? You know what he has on you. Will you survive without wiping out world peace?
will we?
That's a pretty important question.
He has to be GLUED to the television right now.
Trump's trade policies will destroy 4 million jobs & prevent 3 million from being created. Not good for workers!
 @realDonaldTrump
Maybe 4 million non American jobs and another 3 million non American jobs being created.
Your campaign lobbied against taking a tougher stand against Russian aggression in GOP platform. @realDonaldTrump
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/839101660886614016 …
The ONLY change your camp. asked to make to GOP platform was one that helped Russia, hurt Ukraine.
@realDonaldTrump
Your campaign lobbied against taking a tougher stand against Russian aggression in GOP platform. @realDonaldTrump
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/839101660886614016 …
darn facts!







it's called CASH. Pay off
@CBSNews @NBCNews @TheEconomist @NewsHour @ABC So why do want to befriendPutin, release sanctions, & put in more danger
And in one election, you colluded with Russia and Putin handed You the election. SAD!
Betsy DeVos will put some nice schoolchildren in jail with you to keep you company.

So funny!
Funny is not everything, this sedition shit is serious, pick a side:
BAD
People haven't died 4 the US since it's inception to turn it over to Russia.
IT  IS evident that [  ] is NOW trying real hard to overturn that process
@Richmari01 @foxandfriends 
So U R adding sanctions not removing for Russia
& not supporting Putins friend Le Pen 
Correct?
Bleak! Whatever it is, it's better than conspiring with the Russians so they can help you steal the election
You keep telling us you won, now go act like it! What are you going to do with Russia except pay them back the money you owe them. 
Weak men lie and blame others. That will be your legacy. Hiding your conversation with the Russians,but blaming Obama at the same time. WEAK
Obama imposed sanctions on Russia, ejected more than 30 Russian operatives, shut down 2 Russian facilities, & sought a bipartisan agreement on additional measures that was shot down by GOP senate leader Mitch McConnell
Obama Wasn't Born On US Soil That Makes ALL His #FakePresident Exec Orders Null & Void! Check Constitution
You look run over AF. Sometimes you just have to face it - He's just not that into you. Putin is not your friend, and NOT a friend of the US. Take his poster off your wall, and take your dignity back, dude.
You are in major debt to Russian banks and have bent over backwards to make sure daddy Putin is happy.
And what's your excuse?
hey #idiotinchief #ComradeTrump u refused impose full sanctions (& refused til you were essentially forced to do so. Pres Obama left you a cyberweapon in retaliation for russia cyberwarfare and u havent used it. expelled russians but say will let other russians take their place
Obama isn't president, shouldn't YOU be doing something relevant in "Making America Great Again"
@williamrellis11 @foxandfriends  Wow. Are you antagonizing Russia?
Wait, you are really going to blame your selling out the country on Obama? #TREASON #RESIGN
BS!!!
I thought you were friends with Pootypoot. Why aren't you handling this whole #russia thing better? Oh wait.
You thought? When and where? Maybe in your dreams?
What do you think about Trump's Russian connections now, @VWRe? Are you tired of "winning" yet? #unfit #loser #notmypresident #ImpeachTrump
@HillaryClinton Brokered the 20% of Uranium 2 Putin As obama handed over 20 mil in Gold. Who bought uranium?
So you have diarrhea of the thumbs? You are incoherent. Stop tweeting lies.
Obomber&co. threatened Russia&fostered new ColdWar!change course! #NoRussophobia no more #HillarysWars
Pls b careful. Remember the elite Rep & Dems want u 2 fail. Stop leaks from Mario Lago. God bless u. All your hard work.
your deflecting is hilarious. Get back to work.
now they won't "run you over", they'll stop to screw you. BEND OVER.
The do something about it you wuss
and now they have you giving them blow jobs
Must you pander to neocons and liberals with such posts, Mr. President? Moscow responded to US aggression.
HOW DARE YOU EVER COMPARE OUR BELOVED PRESIDENT AS WEAK IN COMPARISON TO YOUR BELOVED PUTIN!TRAITOR!!!!
Why don't you just kiss Putin, grab him by the dick, and get it over with? You're already in bed with him
Yeah, and then you came along, Putin opened the door and said, "Get in!".
.@realDonaldTrump Of course, at the time you didn't even know where Crimea was & assured us the Russians hadn't taken over. Lame!
What are you going to do about these flyby excursions. You need to say something to the Russians.
and then they got you elected! Did you take Putin's dick put of your mouth before or after this tweet?
Aw, Sweetie. Just watch Little Einsteins. @foxandfriends may be a little advanced for you.

you are really showing them by sucking their collective dick. way to go, clownshoe!!! #SoCalledPresident
Well you are Putin's puppet.
Yet you've said numerous times that Putin is smart and a great leader. Get your story straight #TakeYourMeds
Obama was "flexible" He "flexed" out of their way and let (helped?) them do whatever they wanted to do.
how much more before you  leave for your homeland ?
If your new Healthcare Bill is only wonderful, and not "uuuuuuuuggee" and improve coverage "bigly", it must not be any good
You're Putin's little doggie + King Shreve Banana Onion's. Sad!
Instead of confronting Russia, how about confronting Pakistan, Saudi Arabia etc over support for Sharia law?
Obama is the worst president in history.
oh he tried sticking his foot up Putin's ass, but your nose was already deep in there; plus, the sanctions
You make me sick
Did you call daddy Puttin to say goodnight yet? Did he read you a bedtime story Donald?
Give us the exact same health coverage that Congress gets.
COPY + PASTE.Give us the exact same health cov...
but he never held behind door meetings with them.
Ø
Nobody wants to hear you bash the greatest President ever. I wish you would stop, he isn't President any more. You won or did you forget???
As Hillary sold 20% of US uranium without authorization to do so!
You sure have the inside scoop on Russia~now let us in on the real truth POTUS~RUSSIA, RUSSIA & MORE RUSSIA!
Breaking news. The Obama DOJ Cover Up Regarding Terror Suspect days b4 election. Throw him in jail already!

meanwhile you've been sucking Putin's dick and getting pissed on by Russian hookers. #stupidtwat #traitor
well they’ve “won over” you with their bribes and rigged election. Guess your bottom $$ is the big winner.
You were the one during your campaign that said Putin was a great leader & a good man. You sang his praises
but you had no idea that they had "picked-off" Crimea until you were embarrassingly told.  SAD
looks like they picked up the WH too!
what's worse being "ran over" or being "peed over"?
he wasnt having sex with Putin like you are!!! World at peace b4 you got in! WWIII is on your hands!! I bet.
you are right about that
Uh oh trump mad at Putin. @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends
No for 8 years they feared him; it's why they worked hard for your sorry butt! They' re not afraid of you.
what have you done!
and now you're in office so you and Putin can write love notes to each other! 
all the while you were licking Putin's ass. Why go back to make you look better? Stand on your own merits
artificial intelligence
So much better when Russia has so much say now that you are "president". Nothing to run over.
what? Their economy is failing while our was/is doing much better. What are you talking about?
and now Putin is your puppet master
and you are a puppet - no integrity
and now you're butt fucking him. You are a fraud!
And now you are Putin's Puppet.
You have ties to them - so who is the weak person??? Release tax returns so we know.
this literally does not make sense. you're a loser.
YOU ARE A TRAITOR and have colluded with Russia to win the elction and weaken our country.
#trumpvoters & #gop would rather hang w/ Russians than their liberal countrymen. Y don't u just move there?
HA says the man who is sucking Russia's dick right now. Bend over, here comes the blackmail.
This, coming from Putin's puppet! WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAKKKKKKKKKKK!!! LOSER!
and they have puppet rump
-CIA leaks prove you are dander to America. Russia & Wikileaks working to benefit you make us less safe.
Yes, we know you are hard on..I mean have a hard on for Russia.
Your right on Donald!!
Traitor Trump wants us to believe him again.
now they just own the US while 45 is having parties with hookers pissing on his bed
well China North Korea rolling over you
Obama didn't suck Vlad's dick
And you think a bromance with Putin is the way to go?  Insane!
Waiting for that big leak to come through showing you're being blackmailed by Putin. Climb outta his pocket, you work for US. #goldenshowers
And now our country is lead by those with deep ties to the Russians at many levels.  Your in bed with them!
Russia Russia Russia!
and now Putin owns you...Oh wait, you want to be his bff! #TrumpTaxes #Trumprussia #Putin #russiagate
You are the one who wants to lift Russia's sanctions, and your admire that killer Putin! You love Russia!
