The people of Puerto Rico need financial aid. They need food and water and shelter - not empty platitudes. THEY ARE AMERICANS.
You have a checkbook. Send them your money
I have a checkbook? How presumptuous of you! I do have a credit card and I DID send them my money. Now how about we help other AMERICANS?
It's a bot don't engage
I blocked him immediately. They've been attacking my account getting my account suspended. I'm learning to block quickly.
Block this 
Challenge accepted.
Electronically jamming your fingers in your ears?
meanwhile you SOB try to take away healthcare for tens of millions of people ... AND LIE BIGLY ABOUT IT #ImpeachTrump
2. Premiums increased $400 a month. Never used it. Why? Deductible increased to $12000. Who can pay these ridiculous prices?
MEDICARE FOR ALL A SINGLE PAYER HEALTHCARE SYSTEM COST ORIENTED ... but ALL republicans are against it and many Dems are also corrupt.
Agreed. I'm for anything that helps everyone.So many people want others to believe that obamacare is the best thing ever. It's not.
there are issues w Obamacare, but we should focus on fixing those.
major cost issues ... the only sustainable fix is a cost oriented single payer system for basic healthcare.Nobody should get bankrupt at age
agreed, being able to have medical assistance & care should not bankrupt anyone.
Or have a person face life & death situations because they can't afford care. 
Stay safe??  Entire island-no power,no phone svc,damn breaking,no water,running out of food.It's desperate. Send the troops. Send supplies!
You do know that Puerto Rico is part of the United States, don't you ?? They need help. NOW!
3 Million People. Perspective? That number is the difference between your vote total and HRCs. Now do you understand?
Unlike obama and his cronies who let the crooked politicians of PR rob the people blind borrowing more than ever can pay back  disgraceful 
The most successful people in the world have fallen they learn from it without failure you will never succeed , business and life lessons!
Would appreciate hearing of a US ship with electrical engineers/technicians/supplies rushing to our Puerto Rico citizens about now. But...
Maybe if you would bother looking else where you would know that they are sending them. Take it from a Puerto Rican.
Thank you for the update. Excellent news. The reports last night from interior areas were not encouraging.
#PuertoRico Needs MORE THAN @Fema! They Need People to Rebuild Power and Water Infrastructures NOW! 
@USArmy Did that in Iraq, can do in PR
Yes cant just send neighboring state power trucks in. This will take power of the feds, like the power we used and $$$$ in Iraq. #PuertoRico
They are being sent. *facepalm*
Yeah because it totally doesn't take time to coordinate that stuff...these aren't just a few down power lines it's an entire electric grid.
Yeah whatever that means...I'm a proud Boricua (Puerto Rican) and I'm happy to see my island receiving the much needed help.
Hey… ageist 
So what ARE you doing for Puerto Rico? You have been radio silent about them and they need HELP now! #PRStrong

Are you going to visit?? As you did in Texas and Florida
He doesn't need to visit now with all the destruction it would only get in the way of help that's coming.
Stay safe...  @ http://kiliedutravel.com/packages.html 
You mean the same God that allowed this to happen? Hmmm...
You are right @fictionalrob God of Abraham won't allow it to happen.......
You need to put everything on pause and go save people from Puerto Rico!
Then be Presidential and go to our fellow Americans!!
Hey tRUmp, you do know they're part of the USA right? Great, now act like it and help them out. #USASTRONG
@realDonaldTrump can we see less tweets about football and basketball games and more about your concern over US CITIZENS in @SeePuertoRico
HOW are you with Puerto Rico?  What are you doing to help.  Words are empty without action.
Donnie boy, the people of Puerto Rico need our help, not your lip service! Let's get your ass in gear and get aid to them NOW!
Godspeed for the US virgin islands too
So what are you going to do to help the US citizens of Puerto Rico.?
I have a concern: why when TX&FL were hit, u tweeted A LOT, but PR? Meh... 3.5 mil American citizens in danger and w/o power. Not enough?
Hmm, trying to recall the last time pr did anything for us. Oh right, there was the FALN and blowing up propane tanks with TNT,  theres that
So old murders don't matter, is that what you're saying, who's soulless. ..hint, not me.
U make no sense, and like your own tweets. Yeah, this conversation is so over.
Why no planned visit to PR or VI? Is this how you treat "blue" states hit by disaster? Focus on what matters, sir, and stop this NFL BS.
Are you even aware that the "people of Puerto Rico" are Americans?
Send aid to #Vieques
Why a cruise ship is not yet in PR  2 assist w/elderly, handicapped & children? They r US citizens & human beings.
Wouldn’t this be a great time to get rid of the #JonesAct ?
Yes, that would save lifes and allow the island to regain financial strength, partnerships around the world.
@realDonaldTrump  Where do you expect them to stay safe? Everything's been demolished on the island of Puerto Rico!
Then:
1. Declare the US territory a federal disaster and provide assistance
2. Rejoin the Paris Agreement.
3. Work to combat climate change with strong regulations
4. Invest in clean energy
5. Encourage conservation 
6. Protect the environment
WHY IS IT INS CO FOR STUFF HANE MORE THAN ENOUGH - but COMPANIES CANT INSURE PEOPLE HAVE MED CARE-use TRUMP care to employees for blueprint?
THE NEW BILL - is it meaner than the first Ryan Bill ???  We wanted Dr Prices Bill with Trump's approval - CONGRESS DO SOMETHING RIGHT-wise!
LOTS OF SHELL SHOCK OVER CLEARING DECKS AFTER DECADES OF CORRUPTION IN DC SWAMP !!! TIME Congress gets over it & stop impeding greatness !!!
We are sick of the casual care less attitude in wdc over HC & TAXES-we expected PREZ TRUMPS ADMIN TO HAVE PRIORITY without the backtrash 
THIS IS WHY WE SAY RYANS GOTTA GO - any low growth fast talking crook who has no business in this Congress any longer !!!  What an utter 
Congress already went home for weekend-two days ago! Can you fathom that after month vacation? PREZ Trumps worked every day with results !!!
WHAT A FRAUDULANT CONGRESS WHO CANT EVEN SHOW UP TO WORK ? What's the deal with that ???  TO ASHAMED OF THEIR BEHAVIOR OR LACK THEREOF ???
INS COS FHAVE 100S OF BILLIONS OVER WHATS NEEDED FOR STUFF DESTROYED IN HURRICANES-but 4tril web site for hitliary care-CONGRESS covered up!
Why is @united charging $4K for two ppl to flee UNINHABITABLE #PuertoRico Post Maria? That's not #relief. That's shameful robbery.
You mean the American citizens who live in the American commonwealth of Puerto Rico?
You couldn't find Puerto Rico on a map, nor do you care, they didn't vote for you in the primary.
Thank you Mr. President 
Buttercup, those brown people in Puerto Rico? American citizens. Every one of 'em. Tweeting "we are with you!" is like "thoughts & prayers"
Donald your last tweet about Puerto Rico was 4 days ago. Might be helpful to update our fellow Americans.
4 days ago was your last tweet on Puerto Rico. People are in real trouble. I said keeping US safe was #1 priority. Doesn't that apply to PR?
Why not concentrate on North Korea and hurricane devastation? I voted for you and I want 2 know. Why? Not the NFL not Stephen Curry. Job??
If only you'd actually do more to convince us of this instead of ranting about the NFL and threatening NK.
Hope 4 speedy steadfast  help @NancyPelosi @chuckschumer @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr #PuertoRicoRelief #unidosporpuertorico #mprga
You are not with puetro rico we are all hurting on these events and you have done nothing to help we are all citizens of this country
What have you done to help them?
But are you?? How about you actually tweet about the importance of helping them rather than people kneeling about your dislike of Hillary??
You do know they are US citizens right? Stop talking to them like they are citizens of another country. How did we get stuck with you?! Geez
God Bless  "Lets Make  Great and Beautiful Again"
KMS
When can we send help to Puerto Rico?
As a humanitarian act 
Condone the debt and send the 'Junta': Repeal and replace it with a fiscal reconstruction group.
Municipalities like #Adjuntas, #Isabela, #Aguada, #Aguadilla, &  all others in central & western #PuertoRico not in Disaster Dec. plz help.
You could help us in the Caribbean and your fellow Americans in the south, east & west coast by re-joining the @pariswheelseu #climatechange
Liar.
We love you @realDonaldTrump American Badass POTUS!
How about send help!
When are we sending them the money they need? When are we forgiving their debt so they can rebuild?
did you know that Puerto Rico is NOT Mexico? I just learned that today. nobody knew geography was so complicated. #Starscreamforpresident
@Poruje i love you Trump
Three days since you’ve mentioned anything about PR!! 3days!! Meanwhile they have NO power, NO water and are in dire straights!! You are SAD
Your idiocy is what's sad.
Go save my Grandparents in Ponce Puerto Rico!! They are elderly 87&92 with no water and no electricity!

No you aren't. Show them the money. The money you HAVEN'T donated. #LiarInChief
#Trump add #Lares to the list of Disaster areas. Many down tress and destroyed infrastructure! No phone signal tooMy grandma needs insulin
Yet, 6 out of your last 10 tweets have to do with athletes, while people are literally dying, begging for help. You are not "with" them.
Aren't you all about "America First"? Puerto Rico IS America. Don't just tweet. Get down there and pledge money and resources
Why is @NYGovCuomo going to the Caribbean? He should be  focussing on getting the transit ssystem fixed. It's a nightmare!
Oh ya. Trains and buses are much more important than human suffering  People like you and Trump are why other countries hate us.
My bad. Thank you! Now declare them a national disaster! If not, wasted fake words.
I thought P.R. Strong was an investment firm.
U don't care about anyone, let alone Puerto Rico, everyone know it.
Too bad we can't call you hurricane Donald John Trump because you're just like them
Words and more words...nothing more...stop your funding cuts...your words ring hallow!!
THEY DON'T HAVE POWER. I'm sure the people of Puerto Rico are really reading this and taking your tweet to heart.  #clown
Barrio espino las marias care 124 kl16.2 needs helps too
By the wait is in puertorico too tnks all
@ArthurSharp20 @ricardorossello De mert csak politaka
Egy dontes is el kell viszeni barmi nehez meg teni csak en minszter szeretnek lenni
Mr. President please lift the Jones Act and save the lives of the people of Puerto Rico.  #mariapr #prstrong #Ivankatrump
4days since you tweeted about Puerto Rico. I have family there. We want an update of how US is helping!
@cgracexo he did dork
Mr. President the people of PR need your assistance now! Please send additional Federal assistance before it's too late. #PRStrong #MariaPR
What have you done to help Puerto Ricans? They are Americans, did you know that?  Please #resign thanks 
#45 this is all you have to say on the devastation that PR is facing!? You need to get your priorities sorted! #PuertoRicoSeLevanta #impeach
You are? Are you sending aid? Wtf is going on? Maybe you could donate the cost of 1 trip to your lil golf club to send WATER! #PuertoRico
What are you doing about the infrastructure and rebuilding of Puerto Rico? #HurricaneMaria #PuertoRico
So why are they running out of food and fuel? Why are people of St Croix claiming no help from US? #ImpeachTrump #resign
You are not with them, you are campaigning while they sit with no power, no food and no water.  Send help now! Get them out of there.
Praying for you Mr. President.
Ppl, please have faith, be calm things will be done, this just happen.!
Puerto Rico needs all the help the they can get, my fam worried me will love to have news from Fajardo garden and San Sebastián del pepino
@CNN @NPR
Please send someone to Juana Diaz area south of Puerto Rico. We need to know what's going on. No one has been able to report !
What is "Stay Strong" mean?  How about "Stay Hopeless" bc a stupid POS elected by Russia who denies climate science's is POTUS.

. @realDonaldTrump  Пожалуйста, прочитайте эту статью. Пуэрто-Рико нужна ваша помощь! https://twitter.com/ProPublica/status/912355917815013376 …
Aren't words pretty?
There is clever & there is brilliant... Thanks for showing off! #brilliant
PR is suffering. Beautiful island, beautiful people. What are you doing to help? Not even tweeting about it. Too busy with NFL.
A team of electrical engineers isn't enough to sort out their problems. There's also TX and FL. Knee vs stand not the issue.
Wow, a clicheed phrase you probably copy & paste when needed is all you can muster up for a major disaster involving US citizens? You suck!
Exactly....what does this actually mean....they need help not words....empty words at that. Spot on Sybille
Thank you Unreal that the douche bag tweets about sports all day instead of getting off his a$$ to tend to #PuertoRico 
As a Puerto Rican, I'd rather you not be with us.
Then feel free to reject all the help coming your way from him and enjoy your nights with candle sticks.
Still waiting you fucking cunt
We are trying to help Puerto Rico shipping in supplies the Jones Act is causing a problem. Please try and help a US Territory
That you For all you do for the Carribean community!
Get Elon Musk to help rebuild the electrical grid! A sunny, tropical island is a great place for solar power. @elonmusk #Tesla #solarpower
That gets blown off with Hurricanes, brilliant lul
Step your game up, and make it strong. If small, old houses can survive the hurricane...
Yea lets make wind generators out of concrete so they can withstand 140mph winds
With all the brilliant minds in this world, I'm sure they can find a way to make it work. Don't be such a pessimist.
Im a realist, that takes precious agricultural terrain, would b better to have a nuclear plant if we werent broke and stupid.
U.S. corporations own a lot farm land in PR. Ag 0.8% of GDP. Hurricanes more likely to destroy crops. Colonialism bad
Sis, he could give to shits about #OurPeople. BTW, Our Cuz Ana Celia lost her home
Is that her house?
She's fine & so are her daughters, but  as a cop, she's been away from her kids as she was working.
That is so sad. I Remember seeing her home from TioLino's daughter house. Hope they were not home during hurricane. Ana must B working 24/7
She was working as an officer of the law, so not home. Her daughters thankfully were with her Mother.
How do u know all this? I have only contact with Rafaelito. He is like in shock. Airfare was 9k dollars to leave PR
Facebook
@JLo donated 1M dollars!!! #MiGene #MiIsla
This is encouraging, Mr. Trump, since you are their so-called "president," or did you not know that? #PuertoRicoStrong
Damn, Trump just can't win with you haters, can he? If he doesn't say anything, it's bad. If he says anything, bad too? Get a life.
He could win with the entire world with one tweet, "I resign." He would also beat Obama's tweet for most retweets/likes. Everyone wins! 
Well, he's not resigning. So either do like I did when Obama won. Put on big boy pants and get over it, or find a safe space.
Okay, will do, nice chatting.
cnm
Please do more!! Immediate rescue aid! People are dying daily. There will be a mass influx to the US. Repeal Jones Act, reinstate art. 9.
You must #RepealTheJonesAct to help Puerto Rico recover. It's am antiquated Crony Capitalism relic left over from WW I and it's killing them
Ho do people believe this man...
But you'd rather write 20 tweets about the NFL & nothing about Puerto Rico for days until ur embarrassed to do so. Ur sad & hurting ppl
Empty platitudes you freaking dotard!
What's the latest @realDonaldTrump? We haven't heard a word from you about Puerto Rico in five days? They are suffering!
... Really?  The last time you tweeted about PR was five days ago?  As though nothing is happening there. Incredibly messed-up priorities.
That’s it.  Stay safe?  You fail on so many levels.  Get out of our house!
Then DO SOMETHING. One tweet about PR vs zillion tweets about the NFL is a disgrace. We get it. The players kneeled. But, PR needs help.
The last tweet you made about this was 5 days ago.... I don't exactly know if *you* are with the people of PR.
A "thoughts and prayers" tweet is not the same as actually helping!
Thank you
MAGA
Please help Puerto Rico in any way you can. The power, water & communications are still not working for us. Please help Mr President.Thanks!
Puerto Rico NEEDS more HELP. LIKE A WEEK AGO! Please send more resources.
Great... But what are you DOOOOOOING about Puerto Rico? #TrumpsKatrina
5 days man! People are dying!!
when are you going to send aid?
Any updates on the relief efforts for the people of PR and #USVI? #fema #PuertoRico #PuertoRicoRelief #PRStrong #HurricaneMaria
Hello? Donald? Puerto Rico needs help!!! Stop talking about the NFL
If we are with Puerto Rico where the hell is FEMA? Why aren't you outraged with this situation instead of NFL taking a knee??
Help them already! Your words do nothing.
So what have you done? Need we remind you that Puerto Rico is part of the US and that you were elected to lead the US, not the NFL?
PLEASE use your platform to raise sustained awareness of this disaster! @ricardorossello & Puerto Rico need more help!
How about getting them some water and medicine and evacuated from below that dam.
Where are you today? I thought you were with PR. Explain what measures are you taking to help 3.5 million Americans?
Please help send more assistance there. Island without power.
Agree. Let us pray more USA citizens come to understand truth.
What is this weak mess? These are CITIZENS OF AMERICA! WHAT ABOUT PUERTO RICO??? #HallOfShamer
Please help Vieques, Puerto Rico!!!!
Freak you.
No one believes a word out if your mouth.
Liar in Chief. What happened to America First? Rather than helping our fellow citizens in PR you're too busy tweeting against pro athletes.
They can produce cars, complete Government defense contracts and provide Agriculture to the Main land.
Nothing safe in usa government murdered three in my family
They are not safe and PR is part of US you need to help them and help them NOW!!!
MAKE PUERTO RICO GREAT AGAIN
#StandWithTrump
Stay safe???
You could be sending troops to help get their electricity back up and running faster than 4 months. I know they're mostly brown so they
Finally a tweet I agree with.
U gona  be with biafrans also who has been anticipating your urgent help
Millions lost their chosen health care when Obama and Democrats put in Obamacare.
I reckon PR will be up and running within a week.
I wish Puerto Rico is a state already and I'm not even Hispanic
But don't count on healthcare because we're destroying that for millions to give tax cuts to rich.
What are you doing about the #SpyRingInCongress? When we were shouting #LOCKHERUP we weren't asking. #PUBLICTRIALSANDPUBLICHANGINGS
You care so much, why aren't you there with your burning hats? Dotard was perfect.
... he says, waving from across the ocean. How about sending some help?
You do know Puerto Rico is a U.S. territory,  right? I mean, now that it's been decimated? You had no idea until now...
You're an embarrassment to all of us!
then take your narcissistic orange arse over there and help out!! stop tweeting empty bulshit words
What will we be doing for them?  They don't even have representation in Congress.  I doubt they will get much help from republicans.
You're NOT with the people, DuncePrez. You're a tool of increasingly conservative GOP, paid by Mercer, Koch & other wealthy families.
America First! That means Puerto Rico. While we are at can we give them a bailout like the bankers and our stimulus $
More empty lies from LYING TRAITOR Trump. How much support have you sent?

WHO IS RUNNING THE COUNTRY, ILLEGALS OR AMERICAN?? PRESIDEMT TRUMP.CRIMINALS SHOULD NOT BE REWARDED FOR BREAKING THE LAW 
THE. NOT FAIR
Gubernor Rick Ross we love yew hold true Porgo Reno stay good LiveStrong Lance bass
@realDonaldTrump  I would like to know how I can get a job with any FEMA  to help in PR. I am from PR living in NY knows English and Spanish
Thank you! God bless you!
Dont bother going to Puerto rico. You dont help any one getting your photo opt. And we dont need to see melanias latest designer outfit.
Donald does not really care about helping people. He wants to take away  healthcare and give tax cuts for rich people. He likes Russia
You know they are AMERICANS, right?????  Right?  
Fire Kelly n McMaster indict mueller and comey clintons  bring back Flynn his plan is defeating isis
How you feel about climate change now? Chinese hoax? Grow up and get rid of your cronies and save the planet.Your money won't save your kids
Thanks President Trump, I wish I was US citizen, that would be my biggest happiness  @realDonaldTrump
Well said JARED. #pence4Prez #MAGA
@ricardorossello, WE PRAY FOR YOU AND YOURS AND YOUR ISLAND. Trust me when I say @POTUS has you and your people's best interest at heart!
Our prayers are with you, @POTUS
The Paris agreement ineffective one sided. We imposed regulations on ourselves and other countries  had  ten years. Trump wants it viable.
Puerto rico needs your help so bad....thanks mr President
Prayers are with you, from Dallas, Texas.
Building a wall or hurricane recovery? Which is YOUR priority.
Ur really showing ur lack of compassion. They r the worst hit & u give the least response. & wut about our FRIEND mexico?? Not 1 word. ....
@Mal_DaGladiator this was 4 days ago
So if he has an opinion that disagrees with yours its considered unacceptable?
What did he say or do inorder to grab your vote if u don't mind me asking what bill he was trying to pass or what did he say to get ur vote?
Honestly in my opinion he was the lesser of the two evils I was given to choose from
So u really don't have a legit reason on why u voted for him it's nothing he proposed to sag ur vote u just basically did it because u
Keep hating all it does is make trump stronger! #MAGA
How are you with them, by angrily tweeting about the NFL all day? Do something!!
Ehhh I really don't care about Porto Rico
I really hope you are able to go there. The PR people feel forgotten. #MAGA
How. Just how are we with the people of Puerto Rico?
With this President, I think we can count on it!
Obamacare SUCKS! And you all know it
NEW SAN JUAN IS ABSOLUTELY
(WAS)....SUCH A SHAME...GOD
BLESS AND KEEP THESE GOOD
PEOPLE FROM FURTHER LOSSES!!!
Thank you Mr President for being so supportive. You’re a good man and I’m so proud to call you my president ! 
THANK YOU MR PRESIDENT YOU HELP EVERYONE
Like you actually give a shit about Puerto Rico.   Did you know they have darker skin and speak Spanish?
What about Mexico?
Donald Trump is a educated man,  he knows who we are....  this picture is for the people that don't know about the second class citizens.
He doesn't give a shit about you. Believe me! Sad if you think he does
I'm using my Psychology  doctorate,  please read my message again... at the very end, a very powerfull message and he knows... perfectly
Troll naton¿
