How can you continue to deny climate change @realDonaldTrump? These past few weeks should prove it to you. You need to open your .
Would love to see a shred of your evidence. By the way, he #IsYourPresident. You got #Trumped
How about you show me proof that it didn't. You see I'm not one of your little fans that drop there panties because of you.
The incorrect there/their usage tells much about you, as well as your leftist vitriol. The burden of proof isn't on me. #LibLogic
You couldn't be more incorrect in your statement or your grammar. Get an education. Sad!
Watch out for your cousins, the sharks and  gators,  smartest of your mongrel species that love the taste of that blubber you carry.
Trump is another Regan and this is what USA patriots have been waiting for 
I'm sure patriots have been waiting for an egomaniac sociopath. Comparison to Reagan is an insult to a great man's memory.
You & Family are the leaders of the New "RACIST PERVERT NAZI PARTY" Only reason you are a Billionaire is from the Loan Bribes from Putin's gang 700B & China 800B. You sold USA for a bargain price to our competition/Enemies.
Bla
When are you going to extend aid to Mexico like they did for us
Did you know that millions of Mexicans want Trumps Border wall??
They know it will stop the illegals from passing through Mexico to get here
most illegal immigrants are by plane... they pay for a visa and stay in the usa after its expiry.
That doesn't account for the drug dealers and the Terrorist that are crossing the southern border, or do you think they're documenting them?
Muslim Terrorists Crossing US/Mexican Border
Nope 100% not true, Mexican Military arrests any undesirables from the Middle East and Balkan States, all Terrorist come in through USA Visas & Canadian Border... What comes through the Mex Border is Distract Dogs drug carriers, 80% of all drugs come through the Canadian Border.
Pft .. from a  FAKE Twitter account 

If anyone is interested in knowing the truth, just go on youtube and search 'News Terrorist Crossing Us/Mexican Border'

Your one of those people who think they know it all but really know very little .. have a nice 7 more yrs. with Trump
#UnfollowTrump #ShowTrumpWeDontSupportRacist #ShowTrumpWeDontSupportMisogynist #ShowTrumpWeDontSupportThisPOTUS #StopHisPopularity
Thank you for quick realize of funds and help to the state. We need so much more, gas electric housing for flood victims :(
Be safe

To Florida now??? I don't think the golfing will be very good.

You need to make amends with hurricane Jose for Democrats sake. Just get on your knees and apologize for being a white man to hurricane Jose
Yes that is sarcasm yes I am Republican see how dumb they are….Get a laugh out of this
Don't make me lose faith in you. If so, I'm finished with the whole process.  I lost family over fighting for you.  Say it isn't so!

My daughter's rode out and survived Irma. Now, I have to worry that a p***y grabber is going to be in the area. Please resign #ImpeachTrump
Take Chuck with you
We don't want you here you hateful windbag. You're just looking for photo opps.
Best President ever! 
You know nothing about history, that's for sure
He needs to build a wall around himself his stupidity is overflowing... we don't need anyone else affected..
You should land in the keys. They got it real bad.
How about starting with the funding of FEMA and recognizing climate science ????
There is a reason this happened. Science will explain it to you.
We can stop the rising sea surface temperatures through regulation.
Since when did America become the power to stop see rising temperatures?
Why don't you just sign up for Four Square? Aside from lies and bullshit, your tweets are just Four Square checkins.
字字血，声声泪，难诉受人心中苦与冤！#昆明 #泛亚有色金属交易所 官商诈骗，云昆二级政府主导签发红头文，省金融办刘光溪亲力打造，央视媒体的大力宣传，到后来只剩受害人一把伤心泪，欲诉无门 https://twitter.com/v3aa1/status/900367737217630209/video/1 …
Talking about melania, no amount of expensive and nice clothes she wears- we've seen it all, naked boobs and naked butt! LOL!
Thank you
Worst president EVER!
Remember, Florida is 90 miles south of Key West!
No citizenship for so called dreamers. Give them work permits & they can go to the back of the line & wait like everyone else.. #DACADeal
They have been in the back of the line since they were kids, and many have work permits.
Many are not citizens yet because of systematic racism and not because they haven't tried.
What you're suggesting is basically what they already had and it was taken away by your so loved political party. You make no sense.
Read a lot more about this issue. Also read about how Trump doesn't care about minorities including yours. Have a good day.
whites are now a minority group in America. that is a FACT! 

I'm not white, btw.
This only makes sense if you accept the method used by census that claims that a minority is any group other than non-Hispanic white alone.
What is obvious, whatever you believe in, is that I'm referring to minorities viewed with disadvantage and who are discriminated.
Notice how he never mentions the victims?
He does however donate large amounts of his own money to the relief effort.
What is very telling is that dozens of people have liked your reply despite the fact that it's patently untrue.
So the White House press release dated 6th Sept is a lie?
Here in the UK, I can't imagine No.10 being able to get away with that.
And yes, they get away with it because Americans have by and large lost their ability and motivation to distinguish between lie and truth.
Glad you're negative to get things done.  #GOP get on board or he'll leave you out
You are the real disaster! Hurricane damage can be rebuilt. You will never regain trust of your voters. Without them you are a lame duck.
What about the the people? The people that Erma affected? The lives that were lost? The survivors? The displaced? Global Warming IS Real!
Prayers for all stay safe. God bless
@FoxNews #南京大学 #武汉大学 #中山大学 #厦门大学 #清华大学 #香港大学  #哈佛大学 #剑桥大学 #xijinping 因为 #泛亚 #云南 政府领导把云南经济搞成诈骗团伙大本营https://twitter.com/123456_1234568/status/778955577611268096/photo/1pic.twitter.com/N7PSCMnxIZ 
The real disaster is you......

You are leaving for golf. Don't lie.
The golf course might be a little swamped up don't you think?
Woohoo! Photo ops! Enjoy trying to look like you care about anything but yourself.

Remember: load pickup trucks in the back, not the front.

Fake Ass President
You do that. Dont forget our US Virgin Islands, much worse than Florida. They need help
Are you visiting Mar-a-Lago?
Trump will find a way to turn this visit into a crowd boasting, campaign rally that centers around Mar-a-lago.
Well he did offer the opinion the Gov Scott shld run for senate & that "not too many people died".
The important thing is Mar-A-Lago okay? Do you need FEMA to help out? #trumpresign

Yeeeeeeah, That picture is real.
Thanks! Your icon is also wonderful
It fits Trump perfectly!
Oh darn the job is so much harder than he thought! Good grief the prez always has a lot to deal with, comes with the job.
Why don't you actually tour damaged homes and actual victims? Do some on the ground work. People are still without power in 90° heat.
No illegals on welfare. No amnesty for new illegals. Do not make deals with the devil @SenSchumer & @NancyPelosi that ur voters will hate
Typical Trump Troll. No point.
Or maybe he could actually act like a real president.
OK, thanks. Be sure to remind them to congratulate you on your historic electoral college victory.
Ok goatassface
Prepare to lose HUGE base today while youre traveling. They are hating your DACA decision and not building the wall.
Your comments reflect you have zero idea what DACA is.
clueless troll with no idea what the facts are.
great way to provide tempory shelter in texas & florida  emergency homes for the homeless include have solar roof  fill with water and food
Probably some golf courses still open for you
I am hearing terrible things. Are you losing your mind?  Make up your mind, either side with Americans or cast your lot with the jews. Pick
Don't forget All of Michigan's roads.
They're freekn destroying my(our) truck& cars!
We want an update on Harvey victims in TX & LA
u & all the politicians r pitiful bc it shows u folks r not educated. Did u forgot what u was taught as kids? R u folks educated or not?
Why don't you just"Leave"
Bunch of dead old people. Nice job!
Then why did you propose cuts to both @uscoastguard and @fema in your budget proposal?
Leave your resignation behind when you depart Washington. Don't come back.
#maga #jaynamy #jeffsessions
Took you long enough.
Thank you President Trump! FEMA money already coming in Texas 
MAGA
Where?
How about a RUN FOR THE BORDER?Check on the wall?it seems to be getting lost in all the deals?this is the"big deal"for the left,is dreamers
Gonna stop by Mar-A-Lago for a quick damage check? Maybe a hole or 9 or 18?  We see you.
God Bless you Donald Trump
Stay in White House & stop bankrupting Secret Service & the American people, Donnie.
Mexico isn't paying for the wall.
#FollowTrumpMoney
God speed Mr. President.
Yes--FL is a real disaster.
...into the everglades where you can relax back in the SWAMP where you came from Mr. RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA

Don't forget the utility workers!
A real disaster? As opposed to the fake disasters of days of yore? You have the real disasters! And the biggest!
Say hello to Gov Rick Scott CEO of the company that oversaw largest Medicare fraud in history & was fined $1.7 billion. He shld be in prison
FEMA is going to need funding increased,  not decreased as climate change causes bigger storms
Heard many of your staff are soon testifying to Meuller.
You mean to check on your properties, right?
Your words and actions are not in sync.  Actions = character.  So far, you've raised the debt ceiling, no wall, considering DACA.   Weak.
Even in visiting hurricane-ravaged Texas, Trump keeps the focus on himself
Keep up the good work you are doing for our nation. Keep draining the swamp, bring Clinton & their cartel to JUSTICE. SEMPER FIDELIS!!!!!!!
kudos Mr president
What work are you doing, and does it involve putting or swinging?

Maybe you can lie to Florida stating you were there helping with the rescue services (like you lied about helping in NYC on 9/11)
FAKE PRESIDENT Just like the photo of him rescuing a child. Orange Hitler would Never go out of his way for anyone
We're so so proud donny
You only care about your properties in Florida, NOT the people! #FakePresident 
Dont forget to keep Melania out of the sun. If her plastic vagina melts in the Florida heat, Hank wont be able to stick his dick in it.
I hate you for all sanction of iran
You gonna hand out some more playdoh?
will you be taking the usual weekend off, or will you be at a Klan rally or alt-right hatefestapalooza? asking 4 a country #whitesupremicist
Why do you throw your political garbage in EVERY time. You are not stumping,  you went to help any way you could...reassure, comfort, etc.
NO DONT COME TO MY STATE
It's not 'your" state
Yes you are a real disaster and there is much work to do with little help from you.
God bless America and Canada.
https://twitter.com/Trumpified9/status/908376987554775042 …
Next stop: HELL
@HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @SenateGOP .. On another note ... this is a very interesting read:  https://www.yahoo.com/news/trump-could-forced-pay-trips-053441874.html ….
As a taxpayer, I want to know why doesn't the POTUS have a BUDGET for personal travel, because Trump seem to use and abuse EVERYTHING.
Trump SAY he want's to cut the budget. Let's start with HIS PERSONAL TRAVEL ... to his personal properties, no less.  Taxpayers matter!
I'm in SW FL and the people on the news doing interviews are so happy to have the support from  You  Mr. President
Imagine what would happen if you were to just let them do their job, rather than trying to get a photo op.
Most likely just checking on Mar a lago on the tax payers dime.
I don't think you know how to help people in crisis.  Take a class in leadership or go home.
Thanks for the good job Mr president! Wish I could meet you and see the White House 
Dont forget to stop by MarALago Chk out home- There better be damage. Not like the 18 million u claimed  last time but very little damage
@realDonaldTrump What is it with you and coast guard?   Other branches are there helping out
Poll: Majority of Americans think IMPEACHMENT is the solution to getting rid of the man-made Donald Trump disaster!
Dear @realdonaldtrump

You're finally leading in a poll!…
LOL!  Trumpsters are REALLY upset about #Conald's deal with Pelosi & Schumer that Trump's now trying to walk back!
Still might be good to burn a few #MAGA hats in front of the White House, just to emphasize the point. http://politi.co/2wasxvR 

We're doing a special popcorn emergency approp >>  Trump’s ‘Betrayal’ Sends Anti-Immigration Hardliner Over The Edge http://talkingpointsmemo.com/livewire/mark-krikorian-anti-immigration-trump-deal-sniffing-glue …
So true! The one thing that would make Trump's cult abandon him is for him to do something that is NOT racist!
It's like millions of people are waking up from a coma.
Seems a LOT of people agree with #JemeleHill & disagree with .@PressSec Sanders about her racist Dear Leader...

#FireSarah @ErnieFox13
Godspeed, Mr. Pres .@POTUS .@realDonaldTrump,and .@FLOTUS
Bullshit! You just want to check on your place!
If you come back to NYC could you please fire the Director of operations of the New York Subway? It is a lack of respect how bad this works
You're a real disaster, much work to do. (That one was too easy. You do suck though.)
@realDonaldTrump  @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr  @jaredkushner  
@EricTrump @chelseahandler  @JoyVBehar  @BarackObama  @jaketapper #MAGA
Send Carrier groups towards NK , send more troops to SK and submarines to NK.
dont rush back and we can clear up after your disastrous presidency #MAGA
TY for caring Pres Trump !
#fakepresident #resign #americanshatetrump
That all you got? LOL! Pathetic!
*i'm
Don't cut the FEMA and Coast Guard budgets now that you can see what they do. Act like you care about helping people in a disaster
You are a real disaster. Too bad FEMA and first responders can't clean u up and make u look like a real President!
That's code for going to Florida on your dime to check my property.
papa please look into Cameroon too I beg
Just SHUTUP
We needed you Friday, to hold Irma by the pussy or get electrocuted by thunder while playing golf!
My parents keep getting disrespected as well as my sister and they're up in heaven and Within Me. Even the cops disrespected them .
What work are you gonna do? Such a waste of jet fuel!
A real disaster is also lack of a quality healthcare plan
What are you gonna do?
Warmer temps root cause of enormous hurricane. My family still without power along with hundreds of thousands of Floridians Never again Irma
you are leaving to do a photo op because you are fed up watching TV..
Ew
You're doing a great job in Texas & Florida Mr. President
You know he is trying to cut the #USCoastguard budget by 14% and FEMA by 11% to pay for his wall.  That's not so great.

I've been hearing a lot of great things about your visit and the response of FEMA job well done
You don't do as told so here's advice you should take.  Don't stand Up under rotors, Okay dip !
Don't you mean so much golf to play at at tax payer expense.  I guess the secret service will have to stay in another over priced Trump prop
Count how many times you used the word disaster in the last two years? Please buy a thesaurus.  Th-sore -us. It helps bigley with new words.
Just resign already. I am so tired of all ur crap!
Yes  USCG &, fema  > dont tell
thank you President Trump! Please stop vaccinating!
Put on a pair of jeans...roll up your sleeves and get dirty.  Really help. #bearealman
Your Excellency, While I commend your effort in helping trapped Americans, I also feel worried you have kept silent on ills in Nigeria. God!
What about come to help or stay where you are? We don't need you here to pat your shoulder and take credit for what you have no part of it
Those people are a great help, but aren't you going to reassure the people affected by these storms that help is here @realDonaldTrump ?
Thank You POTUS & FLOTUS Texan but grew up in FLA many family & friends there! FLA many great Americans from all around & need help!
You're the real disaster. Much work to do on getting your ass out of the White House for GOOD. RESIGN
Your walking in the SPIRIT with these people,and it won't be FORGOTTEN.
Lot of talk and photo ops but where is the money for the farmers put out of work?
And I am sure you and @FLOTUS will be getting down and dirty with  the First Responders  wearing white pants, dress shoes and jackets ...
You can thank climate change for that you dumb fuck #littlehands #climatechangeisreal
Yes and great job by you Mr. President. Funny we haven't heard a word to this point by any of the FAKE news
Please float away
Did FEMA thank you for cutting their budget? Just wondering.
Great...@ http://kiliedutravel.com/packages.html 
And you devalued their decades long importance and work by proposing cuts to their budgets! Priorities, right?
Liar

Please stay away.  You and your wife aren't wanted. And if you do have to come,  don't make it about you, dude.  I know that's hard for u.
Explain to them why you're cutting their budget while you're at it.
You just lost one of your most ardent supporters ME ! Your nothing but a liar like the rest of the swamp n hope u lose in 2020
RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA
a real disaster. Much work to be five
#resignplease
You don't have to tell us where you are. We have eyes in the back of our heads.
Sounds like your Presidency as well with that description.....
Just shut up mr ego, always needing validation, fake prez, and do ur job...
Huge financial strain on Floridians - buying things cant afford- but couldn't afford not to -to prepare-now we  can't pay bills !
