Say something weird!
BS Donnie you're a phony
Mueller is closing in!! They're gonna love you in prison!! #MuellerGrandJury #MuellerIsComing #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpforJail #LockThemUp
That a boy, Donald! Thanks for coming out today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! #WeDemBoyz
Child rapist.
Like they do every year
Happy Birthday Barack Hussein ObamaYou are an inspiration that ANYONE with heart can be President of the United States.Keep dreamin' USA
Thank u Obama for President Trump, we couldn't have done it without you, seriously, I really don't think we cld have pulled it off w/out u!
Ahhh your not a fan of Democracy. You should go back to all that winning going on right now. #TheResistance
#LOCKHIMUP
#LOCKHIMUP
#LOCKHIMUP
#LOCKHIMUP
#LOCKHIMUP
#LOCKHIMUP
#LOCKHIMUP
#LOCKHIMUP
#LOCKHIMUP
#LOCKHIMUP
#LOCKHIMUP
#LOCKHIMUP
#ArrestObamaForTreason NOW!!!#ObamaWasAnIllegitimatePresident #ObamaTriedToDestroyAmerica #ThankGodForPresidentTrump
Likes vs negative comments 
You will never be as good as Obama.
love the checkerboard edits!
Wow, the Prez. is laying it on Mooch! Mario Cantone’s Scaramucci Kisses President Trump Goodbye http://thebea.st/2v2pxQ5?source=twitter&via=desktop … via @thedailybeast
You don't care about victims of anything.. if Americans mattered you would Resign & let us have proper & progressive leadership
Has someone else taken over your Twitter?
#don't ruin this too let them do their job
FEMA is great. Trump is clueless
Or nuclear war
Just one question does the United States still execute traitors?
Tiffany going to babysit all nieces & nephews during parents jail time?
Have you nominated a head for FEMA yet?  I hear hurricane season is coming
FEMA can not prepare enough for the greatest disaster to hit America:

Donald Trump.
3 Years, 5 Months, 15 Days, 19 Hours, 21 Minutes, and 21 Seconds
Hope in sooner than that
You realize, of course, that as the climate gets hotter, we get more and more powerful hurricanes which will devastate your golf courses.
You sir a a laughable fool
You just sound like a blow hard , give it up





I can only assume the majority of the discussion was on how to protect your ridiculous hair.
Lmao!
A staffer got ahold of the twitter password
MAGA!
POLL 

Is President Trump Making America Great Again??

Vote below and RETWEET!
Celebrities and the media hate Trump because they are OUT of touch with the people!
AMERICA FINALLY HAS A STRONG LEADER!
Trump is as fit to be President as Chris Christie is to climb Mt Everest with a 50lbs bag of hoagies over his shoulder
Picturing Christie 
Son, is that you? Please come home, your mum and I are worried
Why is Ivanka and Kushner running back to NYC? Oh yeah...cuz it's #MuellerTime
WE MISS OBAMA
Thank u Obama for Pres Trump!!! #MAGA  Without u, we would never have had President Trump!

Did Gen. Kelly write your tweet? #ObamaDay
Did all tell you what an honor+blessing it is to work w/you? Mattis only one who refused last time, saying honored to work w/M/W of military
Oh, I'm sure, especially when you start every meeting with, "Well, climate change def doesn't exist." What a joke, piggy.
Lol prepare yourself for 20-life. 
INVEST IN YOUR FUTURE!
You are doing great things for America

True American Patriots Thank You

We don't care what anyone says

We care about what you do
You have done more than any other President
You're a workaholic, hardly sleep, constantly getting things done & changed.
So proud of you
The last thing we care about is Russia
We know they meddle, we know it didn't change votes, we know you didn't collude

We know you love USA
We know that the #dems & #Left is hurting America & they don't even care

We know you have #DeepStateCoup working against you
Wipe them out

Wow obama dumped on New Orleans w/ Hurricane Katrina promised aid, nothing. this is what we need






He's got my vote!
Liberalism is mental illness
Conservatism is amoral.
Yea great argument
*yeah
Let's take a moment to celebrate #ObamaDay.
Obama respected women and respected America!  You respect yourself and that's it.
Obama cared more for how people thought about him than the Truth and the American people! We are GLAD he's gone!
Hi there. Our new Administrator @FEMA_Brock officially started June 23. https://www.fema.gov/brock-long 
Doesn't FEMA have a few camps we could put "refugees" in until they are vetted and vacinated? Schooled in proper culture and laws?
"We've got the big beautiful thing which will make us very, very prepared, that I can tell you. It's an amazing thing, believe me."
Goid question -https://twitter.com/Cernovich/status/893654698493853696 … @SebGorka
Why is McMaster angry at me rather than at people who leaked Trump's phone calls? https://www.pscp.tv/w/bFPOajE0MDc0NTN8MW5BS0Vlb0VPbVJLTBPGCj3kUZbavX9NSWdLttd-URq03UMF_hKXSbRHGMOi …
Hey, uh, could you guys name the Hurricanes and tornadoes with more badass sounding?
How
If preparedness is an investment in our future, then surely addressing climate change is as well. Climate impacts weather! #climatechange
How pathetic is that  isn't it better to stay in the Paris Environmental agreements and do something for the hole World?!!t
Finally!
You're weird dude
I hear the DHS has no one in charge. Is that true? A president that ran on securing our country leaves this seat vacant while going on Vay K
As that ur right meleses ur rever now to billd the hisbtetal setting up an nhs fowdashon as this is ur meleses and rights here for equally
加油！川普
Storm coming, huh?
What happened to that good old FEMA- conspiracy. Isn't that in fashion anymore?
Why don't you tweet more stupid vicious things about Republicans. They will impeach you faster.!!!!!!!!!
You nominated and assigned a leader finally?
You're a little late to the party - the season began on June 1.
Like Trump has a clue, he can't even handle the White House
@POTUS contribution is being doorstop during ANY important high-level mtg yet he takes credit. ONLY pays attn if biz enriched or ego stroked
What future?

Vicente Fox is my spirit animal. 
In my best alex jones voice. "FEMA CAMPS"
#Mueller #impeach #resign #trumprussia
The whiffet @realDonaldTrump is now a powerless figure incapable of conducting a political dialogue. Actually, there is no president.
Get ready because something is going on when trees pull up from their roots. God's blessings of protection is needed. PRAY! INJesusName
Donald you getting out of the White House for good is real prepardness!! I say that as an investment in our future!!
Is that why you dumped climate change agreements?
What difference does it make when you deny aid to states hurt by extreme weather?
This would have been quite a sensible tweet if you had been able to leave the video of yourself out of it.
Who ever made this awful video should be fired, but I guess it's not surprising from a subpar White House

Special Counsel Seeks White House Documents on Flynn https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/04/us/politics/robert-mueller-michael-flynn-turkey.html …
#welovemueller #impeach
Did you even appoint a FEMA director yet???
gr8 work m9
4 real tho
indeed
mmmm
yeee
A little late sir, hurricane season begins in May.
Oh, during the clean up make sure every body is legal.Destroyed home and all, send them back to where?Mainly Mexico and Central.
Don't you mean God's sneezy season?
Comments about FEMA - in spite of climate change denial, climate is changing.  We caused that. Those changes -> more, more sever hurricanes
GOP is more concerned about what sort of debt the gov't will leave our children than what sort of planet we leave them.
The economics of the harms of deficit spending; far more disagreement among economists than amongst scientists about climate change #gogreen
Guess the Wall Street numbers help You & your minions figure out the best stocks to buy to personally capitalize on any disaster. #GREED
Way to go Mr. TRUMP! No more mishaps like Katrina.
But global warming is a hoax You are misguided
Hahaha the TrumPansies are DESPERATE now - sad attempts at attacking Mueller. The Heat is ON, BABYHANDS!
I thought hurricane season was over?!
Aren't you on vacation?  Go ahead and take a permanent vacation.  Resign!  2/3 people in this country disapprove of YOU!
Great.  You can balance the budget on their retirement.  You can do it!   Screw fed employees that worked for a reason.  Serving America'.
None to your credit.  These civil servants know what to do.  They certainly don't need you, as you can't begin to know what to do.
Dumb Donnie said everybody he fired did "great work." Trump lies and lies and lies and lies and lies and lies and lies and lies and lies.
I'm sure you'll cut their funding too
We don't have a FEMA head 

I didn't speak English when I came to Hawaii. I learned in our public schools & am fighting for every family to have the same opportunity.

I don't think tweeting on vacation counts as work
Lol
Resign.
uhm...showing us pictures of FEMA is NOT the way to keep our trust. FEMA is NOT our friend. Especially when theyre building concentration...
Brownie you're doing a great job.
This president amazes me. he's on top of EVERYTHING.  He has the energy of 10 teenagers. And the drive of 100 woman. great job POTUS.
So is preventative health care... Good job on that one.  You couldn't manage a doughnut shop
Great... your favourite word... one problem... you're not great..

I have reliable information, verified by an undisclosed source in the Washington Post, that section II and IX have been plotting against me.
Preparedness for the future includes action on climate change, which increases the likelihood of extreme weather events.
Yet neither #FEMA or the #CG has a head b/c you haven't appointed one. #Sad
In campaign trails, you repeatedly said you would not leave the WH, won't take vacations because you will be working. THAT'S BROKEN PROMISE!
Great, keep up the good work Mr. President
I'd like to know from the president himself, how I can build a 3d printer and have a working electric motor and not have a job here in Vegas
Kushner’s father served 14 months in federal prison for tax evasion, illegal campaign contributions and witness tampering.
Don't worry about anything Donald. You have yourself a big vacation.
Why do you know that's hurricane season?
Like you would give a crap
Nice to see Donald Trump takes a 17-day golfing trip !! Nice work ethics !!
camps & procuring millions of body bags & coffins for our dead bodies!
Too bad you don't really care about American people.  @BarackObama definitely was a person who truly cared about ALL people.
A little late in the hurricane season to plan isn't it?
Saludos don.
WOW .... Hurricane season starts JUNE 1 ....   NOT in August
TRUMP WE ARE WITH YOU.  SCREW @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenDeanHeller @SenJohnMcCain. SIGN PETITION FOR REMOVAL.
Late, Donnie boy.
Our future to get you out of the White House! Pendejo!

【鸭绿江大桥上】视频中 这哥们说：这不制裁朝鲜吗！这TM哪儿是制裁啊，这不都是给朝鲜运完物资回来的，都TM说一套做一套。 

Look at President Kelly managing your tweets. He thinks he can teach you self-discipline. That's so cute. You'll show him, won't you!
General McMaster is a true public servant and a tremendous asset for the president and the administration,” Jared said in an email
That's great news! Thanks!
Pls fire McMaster. He is not on the same page as your base.
It's just so easy to tell which posts come from you and which are written by staffers. The coherent ones... them. The lunatic ravings... ypu
.@POTUS what the hell is #Sessions doing he could close his eyes and indicte a dozen #Obama leftovers before lunch #followme #Trump #tbt #me
sure
Now my sister is living with me (6 humans; 7 dogs) in Texas. Breaks my heart to see her pain. Please help others, dear Sir!
Why did it take so long for you to address the lack of staffing in FEMA?
http://www.snopes.com/2017/06/02/fema-noaa-hurricane-season/ …
Don't u dare u inhumane, insensitive, don't give a damn _______________
Those hurricanes don't speak English! Keep them out of our country! #MAGA #AmericaFirst #IamStupid
It wouldn't be so stressful if u actually worked toward reducing the effects, like longer, stronger hurricane seasons,  of climate change
VACATION!!! R u freaking kidding me!!! Sad!
i believe you are gouverment stronger.keep on fire
Swamp
Anyone that thinks tubbys just going to golf,your naive,It's kin to chaos and loves being in the love/lime light.
Watch for sneaky moves!
And you do not care about our environment and your grandchild future. Egoistic behavior, blind, stupid!
what about the last 6 months of natural disasters that you basically ignored
I started stock piling canned goods since your election. I'll be in my basement until you blow over.
McMaster is a obama puppet #FireMcMaster
HR McMaster is and Obama holdover. He agrees with the Iran deal. Watch out.
An investment in the future would be CLEAN Air, water and food. Stopping predatory banks and helping all Americans. #Resist #FakePresident
... other hand: those who "take advantage" of the laborers,... THEY r a problem, even 4 themselves.
Yes bc climate change is here and no one can escape it
Please get of your TV mode. As this job affects every person in the world. Self importance money solves nothing  unless used for all
Would love to see you being wiped out.
Resign
Thankfully preparations are underway to remove you from office. That's the best investment in our future! #GetOutOfOurWhiteHouse
The UN has become the proxy of the architects of the NWO with FEMA as the enforcement arm, having more power in this country than the POTUS.
I wonder if brownie is available?
wish you would vacation in one of these areas that expect hurricanes..
Ummmm...are you not trying to reduce FEMA budget by 600 million?
Too bad you didn't prepare for the job you have!!!
Trump,我建议你对中国赶快使用核武器，死12亿中国人才好呢
Brownie, you're doing a helluva job.
Should have prepared BEFOREHAND,  mental defectives.
Another campaign ad! Boring!

Yet you're not preparing for food and future water shortages do to sever climate change.High heat will kill and destroy crops and live stock
You're truly a very low principled man. You criticized Obama for golfing. According to records you 2x as much as him.
HAPPY BELATED BIRTHDAY PRESIDENT OBAMA MISS YOUR COMPASSION & THOUGHTFULNESS EVERYDAY
滚犊子
