Really Trump? 2 weeks you insert yourself into their election by commenting Le Pen should win! Sad #fakepresident # impeach now
Donnie did not write this at all. Sad!
@POTUS @VP "Take Care of Vets" Reinstate Vet fired
who stopped >$1,000,000 NavyFRCSW fraudwasteabuse. Near 4closure https://integrityvetsos.wordpress.com/ 
Who typed this for u
If he can stomach working with you it might happen. If you spew that crap to us and not H.E. Macron you are deranged and insincere.
Please do not save Vichy France again.  They are not worth anymore American blood and treasure.
Wow wtf
Ooooo president friends. 

Out his arse!!!
Maybe you can talk some sense into him
i
Could we bring all LePen voters here and ship all illegal immigrants and Islamists/Sharia Law lovers to France?
Very much forward? I hope he can give you English lessons.
Can you find France on a map ?
#France is doomed
Thanks God we didn't the same mistake as you in USA Vive LA FRANCE 
U salty bro?

I bet you're pissed Comrade Donnie. Go ahead and let your anger out. #beginningoftheendforyou
But we know he is not looking forward to working with you. What happened to your buddy LePen?  Guess the French learned from our mistake.
France as we know it, is no more.
What does that even mean?
Really? Did they show you where France is on the map?
Hopefully you won't be in office much longer
To whom it may concern, please take a course in English grammar.
?
Nobody likes you
Yes President. Although someone might have different views, it's still good to work together.
good for French for not electing a dick like us here in US!
Do you wish the feeling were the same?
Turns out Le Pen is not mightier than his word 
wasn't you the guy the kept predicting that the fear of terror would drive the French to vote for LePen? Clueless
Watch your back!
Macron's win was as much of a rebuke of you, as it was a landslide win for him
France has lessons to teach us. Islam isn't compatible with the West.
yup the upside in all this is that a lesson will be learned.

Yes, and I'm sure he can't wait to be embarrassed by having to be in the same room with you.
My condolences... #france #canada #america
Not as much as you'd have looked forward to conspiring with @MLP_officiel!
Thankfully #France rejected your toxic ethno-nationalism.
Hopefully #Banksy will appear here soon and do a US version of this mural, Sir.
Say goodbye to #France. Soon to become a #ShariaLaw nation. Sad. Very sad. #JeVote . God be with you all.
#russionbot
"russion" = #Straya spelling of russian?
Naaahhh I was distracted by kids and wanted to write something amusing. Always an interesting combination in the grammar/spelling area.
Seems to me if we are to work with France first order is to end Russia's influence in our political system which began with Obama and Hilary playing games with a fake dossier. My opinion, I'm an odd ball.
Sooooo, Fake.  TRUMP backed that other person. The separatist like him.
So bad really a bad dude Trump I not even going to pretend I know Spanish. Bid A** H**e.
Lol
I think I need someone to help. Strange tweeting going on House involved hope not.
You mean President Pence will be working with Macron. You'll be too busy playing golf (or in prison) after your impeachment.
Your buddy/puppet master Putin tried to change this election too with a last minute email dump. Did you call him and offer your condolences?
Hopefully Macron doesn't tweet a bunch of nonsense & spend 4 days a week goofing off at one of his Macron branded golf courses. 
You're the one who has his retweet as your cover photo.
Of course you don't get it, dear, if you understood basic concepts, you wouldn't support Trump. Thanks for the compliment tho.
Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of France. I look very much forward to wor...
No one needs fascism, so 
Yes we do!
Hillary's disgusting tweet!
Honestly she really needs to have her head examined that fall she took many times is creating leaks in her brain. She is sick!
Yes her brain is stuck on power & greed only!
And you're too dumb to realize Trump's only interests are popularity, power, and greed (and oh yeah, golf)?
President Trump had popularity, power, and money before he came into office, those on the left used public SELFISH service 2 gain all! 
Nah, he was a washed up reality TV star with failing businesses.
Jealousy is what this is really about. I'm from Jersey & Atlantic City Dem Mayor failed so all casino's took a hit around then & still are!
Yes also we only need 2 look at the Dem ran cities like Chicago, Baltimore , the blame the cops for everything, so violence is unrestrained
That Globalist pretender to be "of the people" yet who has ties to the Rothchilds?
God Be With You....
Dear France, 
Congratulations!  Would you like to trade?  
Your Friend, 
   America
#frenchelection2017 #MacronPresident
We'll even throw in a case of beer and a dozen steaks! 
#frenchelection2017 #MacronPresident
Thanks man but NON MERCI !!! Keep your "connard orange" or use it as a gold (en) toilet brush  (that would be cool)
Dear president he is just like you but totally different from you
Yes, Macron is for sure more for free markets than Trump.
das pena,
marine le pen es mucho mejor que maricron
@realDonaldTrump Don't you know that what HE wants is to rebuild the USA for us the people?  Even you?  8years of obama is why he's working hard.
That must have really stung to write that. #MacronPresident #trump
your candidate lost Ha Ha Ha
Great
Thats it! I'm digging a bunker in my backyard. One nut jub after another is becoming rulers.
AMERICANS ARE FED UP WITH THE EU TURNING A BLIND EYE TO THE TERRORIST "REFUGEES" IN THEIR COUNTRIES. WE CHOOSE TO NEVER VISIT THEM!
CRICKET'S...
He's looking forward to working with our climate scientists. #ClimateChangeIsReal
Could u learn to speak English b4 u do? 
ur last sentence needs editing
I look forward to working w/him or
I very much look forward ...
I bet he doesn't. The French aren't much for arriviste nouveau riche spray tan prevaricators.
Not happy for France!
President Trump 
Are you going to let the Bundy Family out jail they've been locked up for over a year with no bond over their land inNevada
Terrible grammar, just terrible
I thought you like the lady that was running
you were quoted by @washingtonpost
I doubt if he wants to work w/you though. He just beat the pants off female version of you & has invited our best and brightest to France.
he will eat you for breakfast
He's a liberal: that means he believes in free speech, individual rights--even for women--integrity, Unvrsal Health. You hate all that.
You can do it!!  I'm behind you 100% sir.
France saw what happened in America, and learned from history. This would be another ability you are lacking.
Emmanuel Macron v Emanuel Rahm: who will create more violence in their constituencies? Stripes the same color.
Someone took his meds
Funny he said he's not looking forward to meeting u & may not meet at all until USA gets a legit President not a fake commie traitor we have
More credit, less versions please.
I am taking bets on how long it will take you to say he is sad or a bum or a loser or whatever insult you will bestow once he disses you 60d
He can speak in full sentences. Are you sure you're up to the task? He's gonna make you look bad...or worse than you make yourself look.
Ya right! You and your buddy Putin both endorsed Le Pen! But, you both lost! So sad!
He doesn't. He hates your guts orange man.
President Trump is doing a great job. It's fools like you, Nicholas G. who messing up this country
So true wishing the best for France,they need some good news.
@POTUS You were wrong to congratulate Macron. He is puppet for Soros, EU, and NWO. Marine LePen much better for France. Very sad, sorry day.
I'm pretty sure the feeling isn't mutual.
Thank God the French have better sense than the Americans! Where are your taxes?
Really?  #globalization
Why don't U talk with him about Paris Accord. He is about to get all our climate change researchers because you have stripped the funding.
What are you talking about lmao
"very much forward"??? 
" i look very much forward"??? Who fucking taught you English??? Damn you are so stupid!!!!
I hope the new president will receive more than 50% of the vote and lead our country with a strong leadership. Go Mr Moon!
George Will was right, you need to be quarantined.
French KNOW they don't want a Putin puppet.
World looks up how Trump an Macron justify their wins against establishment. Both r definitely not old wine in new bottles. Deliverence plz.
Buy you wanted the other candidate
Yeah, this s/b good since you all but formally endorsed Le Pen.
Pretty sure he hates you
I beat he don't
i also look very much forward to working with Macron
He's too smart for you. Will your French fluent spouse speak to them as Jackie O did? No, FAKE.
Too bad you do not respect our climate science as he does!
HI DONALD I FROM BRAZIL ME ADD 

I TROCO LIKES AND LOVE YOR HAIR
Joseph Kabila  president of Congo RDC killes american Michael Sharp we need justice now or never .
In your dreams! No decent rational leader aligns with you!
@PressSec Will the president of France work with you? I hope so they have a past history of giving up in s fight!
Emmanuel Macron is what a true leader looks like. You could learn a thing or two.
You also tell him that America is not coming to save them a third time.
... "very much forward"...??? 
This tweet brought to you by Donald Trump's aides
What, after you all but endorsed his opponent?
#Macron not into Russian Collusion like someone we all know.  He FOUGHT against the #TrumpRussia con artist act against the French people.
I don't think that your feelings are reciprocated.  He has your number.
I hope you take some lessons from how he wants to acknowledge those who DIDN'T vote for him, as well, Mr. Trump
Your heroine Le Pen was creamed. Hypocrisy?
Feel sorry for france but i hope macron can do some massive change but im skeptic.
I look very much forward ..? Who educated this cuck ?
I noticed Hillary got more than twice as many likes on her tweet to Macron. How do you feel about that?
He is looking for us to come to France and help with the positive resurgence of the French...Macron even invited you, but if you go, we stay
Unfortunately France hasn't learned its lessons yet. I fully expected this outcome from the French.
thought you were pulling for LePen #liarinchief
Oh to bad the other candidate didn't win. Steve Bannon and the other bigots in your administration would had so much fun planning with her.
Take some notes.
@POTUS just another bought & paid 4 globalist.
Me too
Goodbye France! Enjoy the Islamification process!!
How's your voter fraud investigation coming along?
A cougar will be running France.
But you wanted the fascist nazi. Too bad for you. No #PutinPuppet in France. You are spending your last days in our Whitehouse #traitor
Yeah but he won't work with you...!
Your tweet sounds like a bad google translation.
That makes one of you.
Im sure he is dying to work with your smelly old orange ass to
Absolute shame Le Pen did not win.. Once again cowardly France just can't seem to shake itself free from Germany's heel
Stay classy Mr. President!
You are a liar. You wanted your other Russian trolll in office.
how did he win?  He got like millions of more votes than the other guy.  I thought less votes was winner.  Confused.
When you meet with Macron, try taking some lessons on being "presidential."  From where you are now, it can only help.
Why? He's a globalist traitor that will destroy France just like Germany.
The French can be proud...they were NOT fooled!!!
Why, he doesn't like you.....And is nothing like you. The french saw who happened here and made damn sure it didn't happen to them!
He will not want to work with a Treasonous conman with the IQ of a grapefruit!
Did you miss him offering all of the American  scientific and innovative minds a job...oh yeah you don't believe in that stuff
"I look very much forward..."  If only you could speak correctly....Sad.
I feel like you should be doing something other than splitting infinitives on Twitter.
Oh someone helped you spell his name correctly. Vastly different from how you spelled it at lunch. Loser.
You might want to qork on that last sentence structure before you talk to him.
good morning
It figures Trump would congratulate him I say this because did you hear of his past history ? It's not very good !
Are you not aware that the leaders of other countries would rather not work with you?  They don't trust you either.
Very much forward? .....grammar much?
I doubt he's interested in any association, especially since you endorsed your female French counterpart.
Good, France is still a democracy . Your buddy Putin failed .
Le Pen is above all a ’sovereigntist’: ‘France First’.
No, you backed Marine the Nazi. You're disgusting.
How about staying in the Paris agreement and protect our environment???  #resist
You are his polar opposite. Keep your tiny hands to yourself.
