6 of the worst areas in Atlanta are John Lewis' District:
He should stop living on his past accomplishments & actually do the job he was elected 4. @LadiesForTrump @sabine_durden #TermLimits
And what does an elected representative do ?
What elected representatives do and what they're supposed to do are quite different things when you're speaking of a communist:
John Lewis is a typical democrat, they don't get their way they pout and through temper tantrums!
THATS ALL THE OLDIES IN CONGRESS...HELPING THEIRSELVES AND SCREWING USA...
@bigplaincircle Well now the truth shall set you free Oops but one has to open their eyes!!!!!!
and still waiting for you to release your tax returns & put your assets into blind trust, not assign them to family members
@Veteran4Trump Lewis ain't fit to clean toilets.
such disrespect... And the scariest part is the promotion of disrespect

A word from the wise.
They keep us close as their enemies here, gauging our level of rage and willingness to mobilize.
True point. There's lots of things people don't say on twitter though. But good to keep in mind.
Yes & many who don't use twitter. Just a prediction. I stopped tweeting him. Narcissist's greatest injury is to be ignored.
city just because it's rep disagrees with you. Or is "your enemy" as you like to say. Please exhibit some self control.
SHAMEFUL. Atlanta is a great city that has been a model of urban renewal and growth for decades. Don't disparage an entire
you need to get off Twitter and actually learn some damn RESPECT. #NotMyPresident Damn you are a despicable human.
@repjohnlewis has been walking the walk for a very long time. He's an American Hero.
....small hands...small mind....no heart.
He's a disgrace & should be ashamed of himself. They r exposing themselves for the hypocrites they are.
@9jmfleming  E.Cummings district (pt that is majority black) does have higher poverty,unemployment.Spoke truth.
Donald speak what you know. Learn about Atlanta. You are the worst informed individual to represent Americans.
Sometimes the truth is hard to hear.....many areas of Atlanta are indeed crime magnets....it's sad yes....but looking the other way doesn't make it so ....need to do more to improve it as it hurts all of Atlanta
I hope everything is OK yes and I do she God and everything say yeah country safe
You'll never fit in these shoes.
@realDonaldTrump you are the one who is “all talk, no action”!
Everyone just quit.   This is our nation.  Americans, no matter what their color or national origin.   We need to unite. Not divied like we have been encouraged to do in the past.  Let's help our citizens firstq...all of them.  If that works we can look to helping others.
https://youtu.be/tFs1eTsokJg 

You really ought to do your research or pay someone to do it, before making claims such as @repjohnlewis is all talk. While this isn't the issue at hand, it is indisputable evidence he isn't all talk. 

#smh #TrumpTruths #MakeAmericaTrumpFreeAgain
Mr President!  A suggestion.  Arrest the Mayor's of Sanctuary Cities.  They are Defying Federal law.  We are a Nation if Laws.

David Paaso
You tell him Mr. Trump...sorry PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP 
John Lewis looks real mean. Don't believe anything he says.  I believe he is racist.
President Trump if you have seats available my wife and I will gladly fill them!
Facts: We have sixteen (16) Fortune 500 companies in ATL. Congressional District 5- Home to GA Tech as well as Morehouse.
@BobZ4USA Lewis is now known as racist BLM icon.
@yusso1 its only a foolish person can call an elected President illegitimate.is John Lewis a kid to say such nonsence..sad
He is right.  You are an illegitimate PEOTUS and a traitor.   You will always be POTUS ASSterisk, to me.
voting must be secure against non citizen voting, non citizens should never qualify for citizen paid benefits
He rode on the shirt tails of racism far too long. He lacks real intelligence. Another mind controlled Dem. Fuck him!
=How dare John Lewis try to use my own tactics against me. I'm the only one who can claim that a President is illegitimate
please free Ex CIA agent Sabrina De Sousa. She was doing CIA work and she'd been arrested for it. Obama won't help!
Resign Donald.
You’re the President of his District.....
He is not the mayor or the governor - he was elected to represent his district in the congress - which is what he seems to be doing
you were quoted in an article by @nytimes
Our country is in horrible shape and falling apart since you seized our White House!
True. John Lewis is no hero. "John who?"
Jack A.....................s
agree @TheDemocrats have shown what they r made of Not good All Hate TERM LIMITS NOW FOR CONGRESS AN SENATE We demand it
I sorry how can I help
#meme @realDonaldTrump http://m.tagesspiegel.de/politik/kuenftiger-us-praesident-trump-beleidigt-ikone-der-us-buergerrechtsbewegung/19253798.html?utm_referrer=https%3A%2F%2Ft.co%2FoKDDBVIB1l … was #massenmedien nicht erklären können @ANARCHkonf  @realDonaldTrump
@FredaPelroy You got it right! Maybe he has a bit of dementia! He does not seem tograsp what is being said!
your Tweet was quoted by @washingtonpost
that congressman can even resogn and be replaced with another republicans...hshaha this is d era of rtrumps republican
#way to go!
@brunelldonald he been getting fat off the March all his life done jack shit for change
While Lewis tears at race relations- entire Black Talledega Band SACRIFICES 2 play at Trump Inaugural
Pres Trump-  PLEASE LOOK UP STORY -TALLEDEGA COLLEGE TORNADOES MARCHING BAND, Trump fans respond w/$$$$
Talledega Tornadoes Band is THE BEST!  But College is underfunded & needs support. Nonstop donations!
The story of Talledega Tornadoes Marching Band got exposed on Bill O'Reilly.  It's a movement!!!
Proud Historic All Black College Band 2 perform@ inauguration mending race relations yet Democrats sit
http://GOFUNDME.com  2 give. Stellar story- Black College band overcame huge opposition 2 play
Deplorables r funding Talledega Tornadoes (Historic Black Ala College) 2play@ Inauguration.@ $600K++
needs to get in 21 century what he did 50 years ago is over.
You need to spend more time learning what it means to be President and less time insulting others #unpresidential
What he really did in the last 10 years?!
why are you tweeting fake news?
Do you know anything about Atlanta and the black community. All Black people do not live in crime infested neighborhoods.
this how you make America great again
You may believe yr above law but you can't escape karma! Forgotten birtherism you initiated against Pres @BarackObama?
Donald you don't know what you are talking about!!! Very sad !!! Again you are in diapers, you need to learn!!
yup!!
By the way if you're gonna think things like this maybe you should get a filter as big as that wall you want.
@9jmfleming  Remarks h/nothing to do with marching,if you search Trumps history,you see him w/Rosa Parks,M.Ali,J.J.helping.
this from a coward who dodged the draft  while Lewis fought for civil rights
@WeThePeople4US Lewis has been on that Big fat gravy train too long with the others doing 0
our first #STDPRESIDENT #DRAFTDODGER #SEXAULPREDATOR #AMORAL U have never done anything but 2 helpur self
His district is fine. He is fine, noble and honest. He is a person of moral character and integrity. Are you?
you will never earn the right to even utter his name, with your soft paper pushing clean hands.
John Lewis is a rude man!  He has a high position too...And now doesn't like for Mr. Trump to tell him the truth. Tough!
downtown Atlanta???  Coca Cola?? CNN?? John Lewis' district is also very affluent, mr trumpski.
Is this a new #MLKDay event? Lashing out at a civil rights hero who marched with Dr King? #PrezPettyOrangeTwitterTroll #SAD
to all of you libs Google map some addresses in Rep Lewis's district see for yourself
why does this sound like a line from the Hunger Games? #girlonfire.
Only thing falling apart SLOWLY but SURELY is you, and by the way since you started this over a year ago, you have aged.
John Lewis is a shame and disgrace and is part of the "Swamp that needs to be drained"
where is Trump belittling what Congressman Lewis did for civil rights??
you should spend more being humble and less time tweeting #3millionvoteloser
Lewis is Soro's lapdog like John McLame!
Trump is right. He is just saying like it is.
Illegitimate logic: 6 months of daily Wikileaks + FBI careless comments + daily "crooked Hillary" comments. Fooled voters
Today MLK's niece calls for @repjohnlewis to work with you. Does he honor their family?
@brunelldonald Well your the President now,.. so give him the means to do so. GOP blocked so many opportunities to so.
you are SICK! How can you disrespect a civil rights hero-never mind on MLK weekend?
Well, John Lewis has watched his district crumble.He thinks he is successful if he gets elected without helping the people.
I know someone in the White House who has "fallen apart" and destroyed everything in his path.
John Lewis 14 Trump 0.
Patriots are leading 3 - 0 if you don't count all the points illegally scored by the Falcons.  #alternativefacts
@RepYvetteClarke @kupajo322 The left is so hateful, so bigoted,   liberal leaders aren't doing a thing to heal the country!
up

Mr. Lewis has a dream whereas you can't dream to be 1/3 the patriot and bonified hero Mr. Lewis is. Lewis made US better.
bonafide...oops.
Fuck yourself. Stay away from his district. You aren’t worthy. You ruined the start of the national championship, and though you may feel at home in a red state, remember that Atlanta is blue. And finds you entirely unworthy.
At least he’s not playing golf, you vile, lazy racist
how very fucking dare you.
I think you should spend more time acting like an adult.
Really? Buckhead is beautiful, just beautiful.
60% of all illegal drugs coming into the  US come in through ship channels. As much as 20 tons or more per week. America is the biggest consumer of illegal drugs in the world. A wall will not  stop the flow of illegal drugs into America. And Minorities don't control ship channels
@realDonaldTrump
remember this statement? Hm? Enjoy your time in Atlanta you two-faced, unstable sicophant of a politician.

PS - have one of your lackeys Google "sicophant" since I'm sure you don't know what it means, you "genius".
AND YOU SHOULD HAVE SPENT MORE TIME LEARNING THE CONSTITUTION OF THE US
As  a Georgian, I just hate to see him in our state and worst of all at our ball game. He had such bad things to say about our city why would we welcome him? And to think as taxpayers, we are paying for his trip... "SAD, SAD."
White towels? I'm sorry but @Repjohnlewis1 shouldn' those be black towels. Using white towels seems more like a call to support white people. Just a thought.
... a stable genius like you should recognize that after a comment like this going to the ball game tonight is not a good idea.  There won't be crowds cheering for you.
Trump is right again! Atlanta is one of the most violent cities in America according to Forbes. Be safe everyone & enjoy the game. #CFPNationalChampionship #CFBPlayoff
- stay away from this crime infested place please.
You wear the baseball cap and you look like an A$$HOLE!  Which you are!!!!!
Stay home and watch the football game.  Remember, it's #Horrible here and #FallingApart.  We don't want you here.  Go home #Trumpie.  Better yet, #Confess.
You aren't fit to sniff his farts.
POTUS, everyday something disgusting and embarrassing comes from you... wish for 2018 is that potus becomes more like Rep. Lewis and less like donald trump
So true.
Says the national disgrace we call president
#NotMyPresident @realDonaldTrump should spend more time on fixing and helping this country, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to......
it's on American what the congressman said and also the protesters that I talking about Inauguration Day. We didn't do that when they got obama elected. They all look foolish just because they didn't get their way
That would interfere with his agenda of racism, race-baiting, obstruction, and general #Democrat stupidity.
he is right!
Trump thinks everyone who doesn't worship him as a GOD is in horrible shape and falling apart.lockhimup
yes,but world have now tension part and maybe serious be prepare for peaceful dominance.
You are a national embarrassment.  If his district needs fixing, help him fix it!  Stop acting like problems are everyone's but yours.
Very true. I have a valid question as a taxpayer, and no one will answer my DAMN question not even John Lewis

you are a sad person cause you can not take anymore money off people and start giving back
Seems like John Lewis and others don't know how to run anything other than dogs .
-It is very sad Trump has to people down and create negatively. Donald Trump is such a small small man.
Serbia like Trump
Your doing a GREAT JOB.  Keep it up.

Eagle One
"Atlanta is in horrible shape and falling apart."  Not!  Go Falcons! #ResistTrump
If you are to insult a good man, have the guts to do so his face and not on Twitter.  This tweet makes you look bad.
up
Wrong. You're fired!
a truly naive and scandalous statement from Trump as he shows his inept knowledge about history.. and disrespecting a great
And didn't we find out that that's a lie? Just go and see for yourself ... :D
This Tweet part of your #BlackHistory commentary?
good job
liar!
Our government is a Republic.We get our freedoms and rights directly from God or if you prefer nature.Trump should say this
Have you looked around?  You are destroying what is left of the United States!!!!!
real leaders don't bully children and helpless women #coward
people just don't realize how bad we needed you for a long time you have my vote in 4 years
look at the facts before you speak!
You should spend less time on twitter, more time on learning to be a president, get rid of special interests, and hire qualified people
MAKE RACISTS AFRAID AGAIN!!
Or ruin it with bad laws (IE: anti-abortion clauses).
That's why the majority of people voted for Hillary, but ended up getting someone who's going to ruin the USA with tweets.
criticism on social media is the last place I believe that the leader of the free  country should put input
oh look, an alternative fact!
the spoiled brat  is  crying again
By doing this it's going to raise prices on those foods and the trucking industries
My question is how do you plan on doing this and by what I just saw on the news that No produce nor vegetables will be aloud in from Mexico
President Trump 
I have a question for you. 
You state that you want to make the USA great again. OK 
.
I agree
@jahimes you didn't #boycotttheinauguration.  I am a reg voter in the 4th District.  I could challange you in a primary @realDonaldTrump
hmmm sounds like someone I've heard all talk
I wish you could fix the capital gains tax for taxes paid in 2017 from a sale 2016. Middle class taxes are not fair.
Don't Diss John Lewis...just prove him wrong.
- Lewis so loved the poor , he created millions more.
SO PROUD THAT YOU ARE "OUR PRESIDENT" , KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK...BEHIND YOU ALL THE WAY!...
