Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
When you retweet 60 plus times. That does not help your cause. It clogs up the feed. Good luck.
...intentional. This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they...
you were quoted by @CNN
Isn't it ironic that Richard Nixon wrote you to say, you should run for Pres?   And you bad mouthed Hillary. Don't you feel stupid now?
Next day after Trump Won. Fake news. Russia rig election of Trump. Get over this , Democrats list. Investigate Hillary on Russia.
Trump against Hillary. No mention of Russia ties on Trump during the election. Trump won
Amazing, during the election.. when there was 15  republicans running for President. Not a single mention of Russia ties. Trump won primary
All haters of trump , who ignore the huge list of #CRIMES by The #DNC ,this is where investigations n tax dollars  should be spent
And they would have won if you hadn't been in collusion with Russia. Pathetic that you had to bend an election to win it..
Democrats in Indiana Charged With Voter Fraud -
I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL YOU ARE IMPEACHED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LMFAO
is little boo boo sad he didn't have a good healthcare plan?
I never knew there could be so many closed mined people in America. Think for yourself & not let Fake News think for you
All you rude people need to grow up. You may not like him but respect is due. Stay off his page if you don't like him. Real
Sorry Trump and this is ONE thing I don't agree with you. Save me money get better coverage
mr.president,please abandon social media.I voted for you and you are embarrassing me
He's embarrassing all of us Dana, but most of all himself :(
the courts are not treating you any differently than they treat the normal American citizen. I lost my child 2my WIC worker
Wow! You're really really stuck on that Democrats  thing.Your self righteousness has no  bounds.wake up
when things are not going right let's blame the left. What a joke!
you still lost the popular vote you soggy peanut
.-Es inaceptable que el presidente Trump haya abandonado a opositores amigos de Occidente a su suerte en manos de Gob Sirio
Nyet, Mr Prez. Release all your taxes. Over 75% of Americans want to see them so we can trust you.
Americans do not loose or save face by exposing Putin puppetry. WE ALL LOOSE.
está bien luche por supais
You realize if it were any other Republican that won , we would be ok with it!
"everyone" is a word you would not have used talking of elections!
snow flake!
The only person they can blame is the one they see in the mirror.  Bad planning, bad ads, bad, bad candidate!!
I am working on investors to create a legitimate social media app that's protected
yourthe man
go trump
wow finally a big word "Narrative" . How much did your daddy pay for your degree
Potus drain the swamp Dems are collecting my& and doing nothing you're fired
We behind you all the way. Liberals are going way too far!!!
our country is falling apart because God has been kicked out & the devil slithered in via PC
they are NOT saving face but embarrassing the whole country in front of the world. I am ashamed of all snowflakes
What a sesspool. Sorry that while you fight for us, you get some of that filth on you. Loved Melania prayer. So humble.
MAGA
stop talking. Do your job. Stop assuming B.S. Stuff. Move on like an adult.
I thought she was "supposed" to win.  I had almost settled for not voting.
are you still going to presecute Hilary Clinton? Bro. Trump, I hope you do precess.
you know in other countries people are beaten tortured starved boiled talking about their leader way they talk about you.
defamation of our president should be punishable by Middle East methods too get the people's minds right. NO JOKE
Talk is they have military training camps,set up in Texas and around the country time to surround all With Millatary now
God Bless you Mr. Trump.  Thank you for caring about America
Keep up that narrative and watch the size of the crowd that gathers after you are impeached.
Losing their party as well.I'll never vote Democrat again.The donkey became a camel smh
just like they did every month continually under Obama
but you wanna bring the parties together?  U used to be democrat????? Lol
The Democrats won, check the stats of purged votes, something was rigged, & you were the first to quote the word "rigging"!
NOT TRUE
Also false plans #RogueCIA (Illegal-Wars & theft) who intend "do as they wilt"(#322) despite #POTUS & #MAGA @StephenBannon
Give it a rest already.  Don't hide from your treasonous behavior.

‘I Over-exaggerated That Story’ Liar, liar, liar. Americans pants are on fire!http://www.msn.com/en-us/sports/olympics/ryan-lochte-speaks-for-first-time-since-rio-scandal-%E2%80%98i-over-exaggerated-that-story%E2%80%99/ar-BBvRrhc?li=BBnb7Kz … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
You are sure that you are going to win ! Poutine !
get a life. You didn't win the popular vote get over it.
an election that was messed w does not count...history will show what a total loser u r!!!
If you are innocent #ReleaseYourTaxes
#PeopleBeforeprofits
RELEASE YOUR TAXES
FOCUS
I totally agree Mr President. As a former sailor and a lover of the sea, stay on course and we'll be fine sir!
u r a total idiot
WRONG
Sessions is a weasel-mouth politician who was caught being a weasel-mouth politician.
we love you, Mr President !  Keep up the good work!
pray on your knees, God is good.
The party with the most outrage (Dems), have the most guilt (illegal ties with Russia). We got your back Mr President.
You have lost your mind!! Lol
@bab_tinkerbell not everyone, I thought they would without cheating
From the outside looking in: I knew you would win! It's called ingenuity and integrity over, stupidity and greed!
when are you going to pull the guns out? Power is waisted when not used. We the people who voted you in demand deliverance
still about election hey ? Stuck in a loop hole ?
No sir..you were supposed to win all time..We knew it..and so did they. This is not the old Democratic party. They are traitors ..#MAGA
@POTUS Nothing to save face about U hijacked the elections but that's okay U lost the Popular Vote.Whiny Baby CON
It's way more than that! There's HUGE Criminal, Un American element going on. Drain the Swamp!
please help MN mfg jobs!
Move on and #DoYourJob
@PressSec 36 days in. The democrats have moved on. U never have to mention the election again. Really.
at last America factories are in full motion again.
we are shooting for Dow 40K
it's about time apple started acting like an American company. With its growth margins it should build equipment locally
capital spending on roads and infrastructure is a must for businesses
not to mention the Dems are AFRAID of Sessions.
#DeflectGate #RussiaTrumpGate #StayFocusedNewsMedia
you want Dems to move past their failed election but you can't stop talking about it
Sorry buddy, you're having 2 save face on an illegitimate election that u only won by colluding with the russians
YES, BUT DID THEY LOSE?????
Its a travesty these fool Democrats are aided by the fake news groups!  I only listen to Rush.  Even FoxNews isn't fair.
they need to grow up try suing 4 slander. Never vote Dem again
You & team lied and hid facts on Russian actions by your team from Americans.  What a traitor
have you ever had anything positive to say about anyone other then yourself?
Is there a name for what's wrong with you?
There were 74 million votes cast against Trump
Only 62 million votes were cast for Trump
There is NO mandate... 
@realDonaldTrump
they're not very good with voter math.
May I remind you sir, you did NOT win the popular vote.  Plz move forward & fizz on the past.  U R POTUS!!
He said "no" that was intentional.
it's called karma DT!  fun isn't it?

‘I Over-exaggerated That Story’ Liar, liar, liar. Americans pants are on fire!http://www.msn.com/en-us/sports/olympics/ryan-lochte-speaks-for-first-time-since-rio-scandal-%E2%80%98i-over-exaggerated-that-story%E2%80%99/ar-BBvRrhc?li=BBnb7Kz … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
they will see that it gets them no where... w no agenda.  Losers
We're not the deplorables you're used to talking to doofus. We actually have functioning brains- unlike you.
: I realize you have spastic tendencies, but what narrative are you talking about?
....another alternative fact!
So you're saying your bull is intentional???The people want to know?
oh shut up. Your a sore winner.  Nobody cares but you!!
The only ones that thought they would win are the demlibs themselves.  WE the PEOPLE knew they wouldn't.
@TR002017 take the gloves off
You constantly use the same intentional tactic to divert attention from all your POTUS political problems.
Too bad it's not working for them; I dislike them as a whole as never before due to this behavior
It was a direct question; he gave a direct answer that was not truthful.  How was this not intentional?
That's the truth!! The crybabies are having a temper tantrums
*crackle* you're breaking up there *crackle*
Dems have really put election behind them... You haven't because so far it is your only win.
You pathological liar.  Two things needed: give up that cellphone and take your meds on schedule!
The Dems didn't lose the election. You and the Russians stoke it. Traitor!
it's also because you blatantly lie even though the truth can easily be clarified.
no it is nothing 2 do with losing.It's because u care more about ratings/golf/ego than ur people. World leaders laugh at U!
it's all catching up with you, your little house of cards is falling. Wonder where you'll end up?
Everytime I read this Tweet it just sounds too coherent & the thought to ordered for you to be the author.
Got laidoff 2 days before Christmas. Tell Carl to hire me back pls 870-234-0500 thy open at 9. Thanks Mr President!
Not saving face - you STOLE the election, Mr. Trumpsky, with your Russian buddy's massive help. CROOKED DONALD!!!!
go sleep Trump !
You're absolutely right. It was shocking that you won. Folks are crazy due to all  the pollution. And you're allowing more?
one can't save face after losting! U can only alive to compete another day
@RichardTBurnett @FoxNews  Dear Mr. President Trump:  Please FIRE Comey, and Replace with Trey Gowdy, before it's Too Late!
nothing to do w elections.U tell the truth under oath. When you took the oath at ur inauguration,did you tell the truth?
If you only call US (gosh i am a Dem now) Losers, you miss hearing what majority of country wants to say. LISTEn
Stop belittling concerns of Democrats when they voice them. Unite us stop dividing us,Take out Sore loserTheme
Russian puppet
UN-VERY-FORTUNATELY WE, TAXPAYERS, are FUNDING THESE PIECES of USELESS DEM POLITICIANS.
they want to get you they want to impeach you WAKE UP & REALIZE DO NOT GIVE IN THEY HATED MIKE FLYNN THEY ARE DESTROYING U
WRONG!  You lost bigly.
We see through you. Fake News Pres - lowest primary win share, less than 100k votes, lost pop, no mandate not a big win lol
666
OMG, THE ELECTION IS OVER!! YOU'RE only 1 still hung up on it. Move on!
.@realDonaldTrump - NOPE. You were doing so good! Don't start on your FAKE NEWS now again! This, more like Hillary tinkle, tinkle of facts!
I know how you got so rich. Yo momma's so fat,when she wore high heels,she struck oil
D it's over you won ,why do you  keep crying, ranting
look at all the hate racism stress people r miserable worried kids sad  nothing but negativity what a president
I'm a proud democrat and you acctually cheated at the election by threatening people with bombs so technically we won.
this is why the Democrats lost the election they live in their own little dreamworld
Crazy old coot!
Yo momma's so fat when she stood on the scale it said "One at a time please"
You're a failed abortion whose birth certificate is an apology from the condom factory.
Insane. Don't anybody give this lunatic the nuclear code.
So how about Kushner meeting with the ambassador? Man, you really dont get it at all. Destroying our democracy! No WAY!!!!!
Sort of like how you tweet to divert attention from how badly you do your job?
you are gnawing the bone too hard and you are going to choke.

