And you are a traitor to our Country...You are being investigated that's what the majority of Americans Want! That and your impeachment
You are far from the majority. LOL!
Only a Repub would think that... I am still waiting on the Russian Sanctions to be implemented, the majority in Congress both Democrats & Republicans voted yes on Russian Sanctions! #RussianSanctions
And that's all you have. Even though you're not a politician in that have no idea how these sanctions are actually being used to our advantage exactly in the way that they were intended to to begin with. Carry on
The @FBI main agenda was a Plot to exonerate Hillary Clinton and to Frame Donald trump..Plain and simple folks. That is the FACT of the @FBI & @DOJ corruption, collusion and criminal action against the 4th amendment of our country.
The collusion to present a #FakeDossier by @FBI and the @TheJusticeDept sealed the #InsurancePolicy by MCCabe and his lover. Tamara, we need to get to the bottom of all of this. What a mess to come. Can't wait till Wednesday.
You won, get over it! We are suffering!
No you're not. You're lying.

Yo Michele, it was Obama that was afraid of Russia, knew they were interfering in election and was scared to sanction them. Told Vladimir to 'cut it out'. Follow the Trump Sanctions against Russia and see the truth.
The little rat better be a double agent. Or trap him and put him away.
Please get Sessions out! He can put a stop to Mueller without firing him! Just tighten up the leash! He’s not doing his job! Therefore you should tell him “You’re Fired!”
Sessions recuses himself under the wrong law...if he does not fire McCabe he should be fired #FireSessions
Said Fake Fox and Sinclair lead propaganda specialist! Who wouldn’t know the TRUTH if jumped up and slapped him in the face!

We have elected James Bond as President! The Left is Fuct!

#TheLeftHatesAmerica…
Gen Michael Flynn (Trump's Natl Security Adv) lied to FBI multiple times about Trump Campaign & Russia. Today he plead guilty. Flynn said he's cooperating w #TrumpRussiaCollusion investigation bc "it's the best thing for America".
Trump's former national security frontman Michael Flynn has pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about contact with the Russian ambassador. 
No, you're going to be honest about it. What he no, you're going to be honest about it. What he pled guilty to is a bullshit charge of not filling out a form completely. That is all.
The investigation is in the tank. We don’t know how deeply the deep state goes.
You are openly attacking Ukraine, an American ally, and territory Russian is attacking? We have jumped the shark. Can you provide evidence of wrongdoing? Where does it say Ukraine must support your campaign?
Heres the reason. Ukraine is an ally, and things they dug up were done legally. No one hacked into anything, no one stole anything, no one took any illegal money...but you did all those things, in concert with an enemy.
Why the sudden distain for Sessions? He's been your longest and most devout supporter. Is there no one you won't turn on? Traitor ass.
He's been on sessions ass for almost a year. Wake up. Quit twisting this shit
You are not bor will you ever be, Dictator of USA. This type of behavior is what Dictatorships, not Democracies, do. Learn this well
He's not acting like a dictator, he's acting like a president that's got some balls. Just because you've never seen that doesn't mean it's not the way it's supposed to be.
You're an embarrassment to our country.
How so?
Did your boyfriend Vlad whisper that in your ear during your G20 secret rendezvous? So, cute.
Wait a minute? I thought Obama was the one that was whispering into Putin's ear?
What the hell is wrong with you. I wish you were just obsessed with making the country better.
He is, you're just obsessed with not seeing that.
You really have no idea what you don't know. You are out of your element, Donny.
Dream On
@POTUS can NOT order an investigation. Nor can he interfere w/Attorney General office.  Any investigation is that office's duty.
All he has to do is tell them you will investigate or you will be fired. He can absolutely do that.
Are you hallucinating? You've been on a rant since yesterday & you haven't spared anyone. Looks like you're in panic mode, get medical help.
He's not going to rant mode. He's keeping the train rolling. The people he's after the people he was voted into go after. He has not been voted in in order to spare anyone. Every one of his opponents that is responsible for wrongdoing must pay. Sounds to me like you are in panic
Seriously, Cheeto, against all odds you won. The populous didn't like it but stop blaming HRC and Obama. You bought, you own it. Suck it. 
He won because of the majority of the country aside from a few counties voted him in. You are completely disconnected with reality.
Dude this is insane.No one is fooled by your disingenuous attempt to distract from your misconduct with Russia by these false,silly charges
What misconduct was Russia, exactly? Still waiting to see or hear anything about any of that. Nothing what assumptions and allegations. The proof seems to point to the other side doing these things. Your Panic is evident.
.@realDonaldTrump tell us again that is is Ukraine the enemy of #Russia that you dislike.
Your point is pointless.
Now Class,
OPEN YOUR
 #HistoryBooks
to chapter:
#HowItEndedForHiIIary

#WhatDoesTheFluxCapacitorMake

Soon the future, will be the past!

#TrumpTrain2020
#ThisStormIsHUGE
#StaySafe or #DefendEvil
Board Here @realTT2020
#ThisTrainIsGonnaBeHUGE
If u r making a #TrimpTrain please add me.
Jealous jealous poor little boy
Guess you're tired of being Putin's TOY
He's not jealous of anything, he's cleaning things up. That's his job. Get over it.
Are you out of your freakin' mind!?!!! Trying to divert to Hillary AGAIN?  You think we don't see thru you?  #Resign #WorstPresidentEver
It's not the version, It's called staying on topic. He is focused. He's getting rid of the real Crooks and your time to have invested everything into the crooks. That's why you're in panic mode. That's why you're so desperate to discredit him.
Inventing a Hillary-scandal to divert from your Russian collusion? Talk about #FakeNews!  You're a JOKE and need to be thrown out of office.
Inventing? More like exposing.
Sorry, bro. You're the one under investigation. Too much pressure? Resign!
How so and why?
We all laugh at you.
Right all 12 of you?
On behalf of Americans everywhere. PLEASE take your medicine. You're scaring us
Don't need to, & even if the Leftist whackjobs took theirs it wouldn't help because you can't fix STUPID when it's genetically implanted!
So loving and helpful. Namaste
Do u have proof that they interfered? Did Chelsea meet w/ & email Ukrainians to get info on you? Did HRC fire someone investigating her.
If not, Fake News! Stop bringing up HRC. Since defeating her is your only victory I guess it's scary to let go. But try. #sad
Oh, I think that Hillary even admitted to this at one point months ago. Claiming to have been working with the ukrainians, don't you recall how everybody was bitching about the double standard? It's been known for months and not even denied buy her campaign.
Why don't you give us all a break and tell someone who cares what you say, think or do.
You are following his tweets!?
Trump is the last person I'd follow, but if I get an opportunity to say something to him about his BS, I will.
Yeah, going to have to call BS on you. You are following him. You are trolling. It is what you live for.
you need to replace the AG and McCabe
Resign or get impeached if you want more embarrassment #Trumpito. Why can't you just accept that you are a failure and a loser as a leader?
Get a grip!
Americans welcome all investigations into election tampering by foreign countries. US intelligence agencies do say Russia was the culprit.
Where are the sanctions on them. I thought we were supposed to punish every country that meddles?
#failingdonaldtrump
You really do live in a world that only exists in you befuddled mind. God help us!
Obama, Hillary, Lynch, & Bill (cigar) Clinton need to be investigated, tried, & imprisoned. @FBI @jeffsessions @seanhannity @marklevinshow
Why is @potus still griping about his campaign?  Old, pathetic news.
Your crazy stories are tired and pathetic old man.
Time to grow up
The old saying if you rear the pup you will have the dog which is what has happened in the U.S.A now
How many delusions can come out of your tweet machine?
Donnie been wayching infowars again? Donnie, your an incompetent FOOL! Quit now!
Mr President - we need an investigation into Bowling Green!
Shut up
#FuckingTraitor
A whole lot of America hating idiots
Couldn't agree more...
Trump's Record of Hate to Date | DiversityInc http://www.diversityinc.com/news/trumps-record-of-hate-to-date/ …
Baby-handed Grifter Traitor Motherfuckin Liar. You're the fake news.
@heatherjones333 @seanhannity that is the part where I say Jeff Sessions is weak that actually warrants special prosecutor
We are still sorting thru yiur B,S
Claud Blackmon II or tweet me. Even the dems might vote for this plan. And everyone would be covered under my plan.
Baffoon
You pulled this one out of your wherever
@iPOscreatejobs @seanhannity Registered candidates A.V.Solonenko and V.A.Strizhev.
End the Russian investigation RESIGN!
Hannity won't be able to save you from prison Comrade Donny.

OMG he is really working that angle. Good lord he acts like we're all idiots
But they were helping the approved party!
You are cray cray!
Excatly!

its was fake news dip shit..did not happen..get help ...
did @seanhannity give you that tip? You're so gullible 
#FakeJournalist
When this blow hard has it out for you there's no stopping him.
don't try and distract - all eyes are on you ...
Trump is a traitor to America. It will be proven. Americans deserve better than this disaster. Impeachment is the only option
all your tweets are fake news, troll
poor #fatSean is too busy swilling santorum just now to look into it any further.
Hey look, A Chicken!!!!!!
Yeah, the mighty, mighty Ukraine was out to get you. Maybe you and your butt buddy Putin can figure out ways to punish them together. #Loser
Tell AG Sessions, "YOU'RE FIRED!"
I heard you inappropriately touched some Boy Scouts why won't fake news cover!!!! Where is the investigation!!!!!!!!
But Hilary, but Obama, but Hilary, but Obama, but Hilary, but Obama, but Hilary, but Obama, but Hilary, but Obama, but Hilary, but Obama
what about your using GRU APT28 in your campaign? Yes,  i am somebody who knows what I'm talking about.
Simply order him to do it as is your right as president. Stop torturing the man for Christ's sake!


Because they know that you suck
Good, looks like the Ukrainians knew who owned you.
Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump campaign - "quietly working to boost Clinton." So where is the investigation A.G. @seanhannity
Then STOP WHINING ABOUT THIS & ASK 4 AN INVESTIGATION INTO CLINTON!  Ur the Prez. Act like 1! 

None of the other world leaders whine. 
Lol. You are the worst. 
Why is he still there, him and Rosenstein
Why are u not doing something, frustrating to watch,u do nothing pres T, listen to hannity
#ElectAClownGetACircus Notice Narcissist @POTUS always turns to "The Chief-of-Staff of Clowns" Hannity 4 help. Should of made him Comms Dir.
Fire all these idiots and start over. We the people stand behind you President Trump.
Clinton isnt POTUS ... You are, remember
AG doesn't investigate Conspiracy Theories.
Try to put some real evidence forward to substantiate your claim.
Oh, there isn't any-Fox BS
Oh Sean said it so it must be true! We have a mentally ill old man as President!
Mr President.  Your A.G. is a good Man. Please support him as you support others just like me that support you.
I don't get it? Unless you Fear Clinton Crime Family, "2 To The Back" Seth Rich stylewould explain a lot!
No amount of deflection is going to change our focus. You are a traitor. #TrumpRussia #TraitorsHang #peepeetape #PutinPuppet
They outed your campaign chairman Manafort for his long history of helping RUSSIA loot and corrupt their sovereign country. Cc @seanhannity
It's going 2 take some time but we R going 2 run your ass right over the hill U take HC from working ppl for massive tax cuts 4 your masters
No sabotage needs to take action, your doing it allllllllllllllllllll by you orangy self.
Whaaaaat the F urfncrazy
She's not President #MalignantNarcissist
I guess Trump can do the impossible. He has somehow made Jeff Sessions a sympathetic character.
Talk to Sessons in private Trump!
Whataboutism!!!!! Good fallacy to use COMRADE Trump. You hear footsteps from Mr. Muller. Gotta deflect. #TrumpRussia #Impeach
You're still guilty and so is your grifter family...
Get the F over it,  you won!!! Instead of trying to go backwards,  why don't you TRY to be a President of the United States. SAD
Liar.  If you truly believed that you would stop whining like a baby and assign a special prosecutor.  But you can't because you are a liar
Man has no dignity. Frankly his rant to Boy Scout jamboree is enough to throw him out of office. To talk to adolescents like that is insane
Haha more people at the great former FLOTUS Michelle Obama's event than yours. And people had to pay to get into hers.
Please go away! Take your tasteless suits/ties, your squinty-faced family, your bags of B.S. and just go back to your tacky place in NYC!!!!
So, you are acknowledging that you worked with a foreign government and their agents during your campaign? HTC did not. #trumptreasonteam
@POTUS explaining in his own words why he's a pile of hot steaming back ally garbage, loved by his writhing  bottom feeding maggot support.
You got this from hannity?!?!?
lol, take your tiny hands off the keyboard, traitor. Go see GF at Mar-a-Lago. #TrumpRussia #TrumpCrimeFamily #TheMayflowerAffair
Why are you still stuck on the Clinton campaign? You're in office.  Quit your bitching when you're the one caught in scandals, baby Huey.
You are insane.
It's time for Sessions to go .Get someone in there that will get something done.
In view of Ukrainian efforts to sabotage your 2016 campaign,  you have to obligation to provide either foreign aid or weapons to Ukraine!
A.G. Sean Hannity........ that has quite a ring to it.

15, 16 year old girls given new passports with work visas saying they are 18 or 19. https://twitter.com/truefactsstated/status/890532877322080256 …
You are truly a disloyalist.
It also could be somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds, right?
You should resign and take your corrupt cabinet with you, Traitor #ImpeachTrump
You have to press the "order investigation" button instead of the "fire ag by tweet like a moron" button.
Donald, the group was made up of Hungarian Americans. You and Sean belong  together. Doofus
@seanhannity idk, maybe we are all worried about you..  you know, the president of the USA!
Call Hannity! Sad! Delete your account
#25amendmentnow  this man is absolutely nuts
What is the point. You are the President why don't you get off twitter and instruct someone to deal with this stop showboating for your base
You are selected by http://Russia.You  did't win the election. Biggest election fraud in the world ever. You are a criminal.
What? Oh my goodness how could you conclude this?
Wow... yet another diversion. Commander and chief of Diversion. Must be true, source seems to Sean Hannity
Have @seanhannity provide his actionable evidence. Then we'll talk. Don't hold your breath thought. Neither Blue or Orange are your colors.
I agree....Sean Hannity should be in Ukraine. ..or is it Russia?..Wait he should be investigated ...What was your tweet about?
"sean hannity"??  Get on that sean!  So, donald, would you by chance have any evidence...besides jones, breitbart & YOUR flapping gums!?
lol PATHETIC. Calling your friend hannity for help wtf is he gonna do
No one of any merit gets their information from sean hannity. And certainly NOT FROM YOU.
Suckin' his thumb. Wettin' his pants. Doin' that naked hula dance.
You tweeted about Clinton on Saturday

You tweeted about Clinton on Monday

You tweeted about Clinton today

You are obsessed
The 2016 election is over

You can stop tweeting about Hillary Clinton
He can't. He only knows how to deflect. Even if it's deflecting back to a time when this stuff was actually relevant
Talk to @jeffsessions about this privately. Ask him to appoint a special prosecutor to investigate CLINTON Russian connections. Maybe Rudy.
You believe the most out of left field rumors but ingore UNANIMOUS reports from your intelligence agencies. #ImpeachTrump
You really do believe anything from FOX news. That says it all about who you are and your limitations a human being.
Exactly !#Clinton IS IN THE ELITE,AND IS A LIAR A DECEIVER.
Do you just make these things up in your delusional mind?
You know, you can fire him if you want. Unless you intentionally want to sound like a 6 y/o having a tantrum
A fucking Nit Wit!!!
@realDonaldTrump it's obvious that in order to hide other evil you try to divert attention to another situation i
Another fantasy ?
Distract, deny, deflect, blame a Democrat. Repeat. Aka WH policy.
To fxxking stupid to understand his days r numbered. See u at the impeachment 
People, have you tired of this orange brainless Don the Chimp in charge of America?
Hey snowflake, Hillary lost. Get over it!
OMG, boost Clinton for what?  The election is OVER...did you hear?  It is OVER OVER OVER. Now you need to stop campaigning, get off the
Golf course and do your job to govern this Country. If you can't focus in that, RESIGN. I think Pence is sitting back just watching you
Implode do he can take over. He sits behind you with that sneaky smile.,,.just waiting...So do your job and quit focusing on the election.
