Will someone PLEASE ground him from his phone?
Oh yeah?  lol   http://www.cnbc.com/2017/06/07/trumps-russia-scandal-is-looking-a-lot-more-like-watergate.html …
They have nothing else. They're going to drag this out till 2020!
When we will all vote for him again!  #MAGA
Please know that your voters know this. ,all bs and a way to try& remove u from office.Please stand tall, don't feed into them. They lie .
Just so you know, a majority  Americans can see through your bullshit lies. Just a heads up!
Are you on drugs?
MR TRUMP FIRE THESE LEAKERS
GotNews found some more anti-Trump leakers! http://gotnews.com/breaking-mcshort45-and-rajshah45-trying-to-wreck-realdonaldtrumps-war-room/ …
That's simply not true!
Russia case is the most perfect and clean work related with hacking
Keep Democrats chasing their own tails while we fix this liberal socialist problem in our country
Give it up Donald. The more you deny it the more believable it becomes. Give it a rest already..
Yep. 
Now we need to get to the real issues @ hand!
ISHJEWMEDDLING!
Is that all you heard? Not the part where 21 states' election systems were the subject of Russian cyberattack?
Maga!!
NO HE DID NOT!!  LIE!
He just makes things up! Who are the people believing this compulsive liar?
He reiterated that Russia interfered in our election--it's interesting that you still refuse to acknowledge that 
#LetsFreeAmerica #EndMassIncarceration #CriminalJusticeReform 
#WrongfulConvictionsExist 
#ShutThePrivatePrisonsDown
Of course there wasn't!
You are a traitor!!

First, fire Rosenstein, so he can fire Mueller.
Mueller is a lifelong Republican.
We knew that Mr. President. Stay on your agenda, away from drama, and your presidency will be one for the ages! #MAGA
why are you Americans so obsessed with great Russia ? 
Get your facts together!  HE NEVER SAID THAT!
"I am not a crook."
Why do you refer to yourself in third person? Brandon thinks that is egotistical.
Silence Snowflake. Others do not need your liberal bias.
When snowflakes get together...
Snowflakes are mostly white, fragile, and cold. Sounds Republican to me. Besides, I'm not the one that needs 4 handguns to shop at Walmart.
Do you even know where Wal-Mart is? They don't have safe spaces for Snowflakes. #snowflakes
Trump please stay focused on JOBS JOBS and more JOBS. Only the losers and the haters believe the Russian collusion hysteria.
@realDonaldTrump is not a Russian spy. There. I said it. What do I win?
The more you lie to the American people, the sweeter and longer your prison term with backdoor Bubba will be. #DontDropTheSoap #TrumpRussia
Also your lawyers and advisors have all told you to stop tweeting about the investigations into you! Listen to them. The more you tweet....
I'm a Republican. I will be voting on Tuesday, November 6th, 2018. 

I will make sure Republicans win more seats in House/Senate.
Why?  They making your life better somehow?
Yup. Deporting criminal aliens. Lower taxes. More jobs. Border security. Strong military. 

#RepublicanForLife
When does all of this start exactly?
It already has
Problem is that bastard lies all the time

Fact check: Johnson said he wasn't aware of the FBI probe, said Comey would not have opened a probe lightly http://nydn.us/2txAZQI  
風邪移すぞ
Oh boy time for your weekly twitter tantrum?? 
It's always time for his twitter tantrum 
True. What was I thinking?! 
That's not at ALL what he said. And, he was the Secretary of DHS. You'd think you'd know that, being the "president" and all.

How's that solar panel wall coming along?
Will it be called "THE GREAT SOLAR WALL OF COVFEFE"
Whatever you say Donald. 
The evidence, or lack thereof, is on his side...bummer dude.
Keep telling yourself that
Ooooh, you have new evidence?
Nope, but Mueller & team do.
And your source is?
Every news channel minus Fox, breitbart & infowars; C-span, Congressional interviews; interviews with Intel Committee Reps. Whats yours?
See testimony under oath of Flapper, Comey...every other witness that's given sworn testimony.
So why are you so afraid to just put everything out there? Innocent people have nothing to hide. You are a Russian Stooge.
Former Homeland Security Advisor Jeh Johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme betw...
Keep telling ur self that and it still won't come true. You have the lowest rating as pres. for a reason.
the whole u2 2001 computer group ponzi treason arrested---jj


Let them focus on Russia nonsense.... we will stick to winning!
How's that ObamaCare repeal coming?
Which 2 do u mean?
Baron needs a vompanion. Get him a dog.
love you president trump!!!!!
Not only no collusion there is no credible evidence that Russia hacked the election.  Quite the contrary the evidence shows they did not hac
They why did you blame Obama for it just the other day?  Take your MEDS... You colluded, WE know it, YOU know it.
Now maybe they will let you get down to business President Trump!!!
2of4 - Let's stop wasting taxpayers' money on fake allegations made by democratic party, but focus on the DEMOCRATS that raped Americans
Liar
the truth for Democrats is like pulling the teeth
and come today you admit the Russians tampered with the election.  how can we believe anything you say when 2 days ago you said this??
How much did that cost you.
Drip, drip, drip...
BECAUSE IS GETTING PAID TO?.
Good then get rid of the council...they got their answer from the "council that should not have been". OUR TURN
Paid off minions to a crook. Resign
Former Homeland Security Advisor Jeh Johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme between Trump & Russia.
Oh so now you're willing to believe what the officials say, how convenient.
Idiot
Notice the "Former", unless it's "Current" It's not official.
It's called an investigation. It's how real law enforcement folks dig up evidence.
Johnson revealed the Russians had taken actions against state-level databases in a bid to alter or delete voting rolls.  You're going down!
That doesnt change the fact that he's a muslim brotherhood traitor
Lower our damn taxes and Health Insurance Premiums and stop with all the BS DISTRACTIONS, DEVERSIONS.  We're sick of it.
Right. Russia is not the problem. Corruption is the problem. Read the emoluments clause.
Liar. He said no such thing. He did say you are sending signals that foreign interference will be tolerated.
DHS sec cleared Trump before the election but no one cared - during the election it did not matter because Hillary was supposed win then BAM
That's just a load of covfefe. We all know you had help from Putin.
Release your tax returns.
Sir,JehJohnson is one who met with the Muslim Brotherhood several times (a terrorist organization)! #NoTrust! #RestoreTrust
But they must RESIST.
Blow it out your ear
End the fake news narrative investigations today! We want you to fir the special counsel and put Session back in charge or DOJ! MAGA!

that's not what he said. You might try listening.
Why is Special Council still proceeding? Get rid of Mueller!
Try and try and try to deflect - it won't work.
Of course there wasn't , keep moving forward Mr President, we love you!
Also not what he said. Must you lie about everything? Wait, yes you must.
Anyone paying attention the last 2 years knows Podesta was phished for his password.  This is distraction to what's in those emails.
Mr.President,defend planned parenthood in your GOP Healthcare bill.These woman should not spread there legs and decide to kill babies..sick
Dems are bad nasty and bullies.
اتركو الخلافات النتنه وتفرغو  لأصلاح  امريكا   اذا استمريتم بهذا الشكل ستنهار امريكا وسيكون هناك اعداء كثر
Jeh Johnson said You Are a RUSSIAN ASSet. And You Sold Our Country for Russian Rubles. But Mueller will find the FACTS and You Are Scared!!
I have known that from the beginning.  Was not hard to figure all this out.
Quite frankly most of the people I know said they were voting for Trump as soon as Hillary was nominated.
CNN must have been devastated by the news
But you are still and forever an illegitimate president.  First and only one in US history!  Great legacy!
Didn't find doesn't equal there is none. You know this, fool.
I don't think you're guilty of intentional collusion. You're not smart enough. But Russians take advantage of that ignorance all the time.
Delusional much?
Too stupid for a grand scheme.  Sad.
You sound like you're guilty of something
Interesting you've a Obstruction of Justice invstgtn looming over you & Obstructionist is your fav Dem slam. Leaking truth?
butt out we'll get to the bottom
ASSOFF TODAY THE RUSSIA SCHEME FROM DEMOCRATS SHOULD BE SHUT DOWN IMMEDIATELY 
Demo's still in Denial
Liberal lawyer group being fed on prolonged investigation money that leads to wealth. Only their Leader will wave the dogs off and She wont.
Sir you gotta help get records released that judicial watch is requesting on several subjects that could help you enormously . FOIA
The Trump I helped elect pushes past the scumbags and is focused on the goal...Onward, Sir!
Stop lying
Don't forget they talk out of both sides of their face.
I never quite understood the whole Russia paranoia thing, Rambo ||| didn't help.
Cause you "asked" him to say so!  We all see thru the thin veil! You have so many willing to sell their souls! But - KARMA!  It will get you
JOURNEY, ( the band ) ask your kids.."DON'T STOP BELIEVIN'" YOUR OWN DELUSIONS.

Who is this?
not true
No one believes you. You can shut up now.
What about their involvement in your real estate dealings?? conflict of interest for you.   It's Not just about the election!!
No, that's not what he said - tweeting it does not make it true.
Not what he said, stop trying to shift blame.  Sad
......and then there were none.
You & your campaign not cleared Your appointed staff will not lie for you This is NOT a business You have LAWS you MUST follow
Why does Trump continually refer to himself in the third person?
How did you coerce him?
@realDonaldTrump If that really makes you feel better... that's one out of how many that you could successfully intimidate?
But they will keep digging and digging praying they will find something even though they won't
that's it sir. Close the chapter and prosecute Obama
Russia did nothing, and is our only real alley against the NWO! The UN Is Not Your Friend! Time to pull out of UN and NATO...

WOW. The man who ran 'Data Trust' the outfit that leaked 200 million voter details... is now Director of Presidential Personnel at the WH. 
Good God! If you weren't guilty of it, you wouldn't try so hard to shove it down our throats! YOU ARE A TRAITOR, FRAUD AND A LIAR!!
It's still not clear whether you are completely delusional or merely a liar. Time will tell, I guess.
What he said was that there must be evidence in order to have started the investigation.
He did not. IT ISNT ABOUT YOU, it is about our government.
Annnnd you're still lying. He never said there WERE (not was) "no grand scheme between you and Russia. #confefe. #Resist
We ķnow Sir... We never doubted you for a minute.
Never was...fake news
There is never a "Grand Trump Scheme" you are like a slow ape playing hungry hungry hippo
Again DJT has to get this segment to air again. She puts the evidence out there for the world to see abt Comey and Jeh !! This is not all
Trump. It ain't Twitter you gotta convince. It's all those MEXICAN judges. Will the defendant please rise. Bwaaaaahahahahahaha!
There never was. It was all made up since some people are still in denial! It's always one thing after another.... excuses and schemes!
He only said what we"'all ALREADY KNEW,. YOUR CLEAN IN OUR books, and that's all that counts
Nu nooit TRUMP POETIN LAAT JE NIET BEÏNVLOEDEN POETIN EN TRUMP PAK ALLES AF VAN DIE OORLOGS GEKKE AF GEEF TERUG AAN ALLE MENSEN
Evidence or its speculation.
I'd hardly call Jeh an intelligence official. More like a muppet.
Johnson PAID for his position,
and according to DWS, he perjured himself.
DNC was NEVER contacted by FBI or DHS......!
Only lunatics (and the occasional actor) speak of themselves in the third person. #TrumpTapes #TrumpRussiaCollusion #resist #ImpeachTrump
If you can't give it up and let people finish their investigation then you are very guilty since you can't focus on governing but on Russia
No, he never said that. Stop the lies.....just stop. No one believes you anymore
Because nothing you do is grand. Scheme is too gentle. In the real world it's called collusion.
What drugs are you on?
But did say, they messed with the election that got you elected. So why did you prefer Russian banks to US banks?
Isn't former the key word
#ObamaAndHillary Did #TheSchemingWithRUSSIA.......#AmericaKNOWS
Just stop with all your lies.
Donald off subject but I think that the gas tax should be change but because those with expensive Tessa's should pay gas tax
ترامب لي منعك منع حمران العيون
نريد استعادة دولة اليمن الجنوبي وعاصمتها عدن
سفارتنا في واشنطن
تريد فتحها.وعودة العلاقات بين عدن وواشنطن
This Trump guy isn't smart enough to scheme he just goes along with Russia
在俄罗斯的问题上，你是清白的。

But what about a really lame or embarrassingly inept one?
