Why has this bill just been introduced and not acted on?

https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-bill/354 …
Was a time when British workers worked in the fields, I was one of them, now priced out by others accepting low wages. We might see British workers in coffee shops again and dare I say British Nurses, Doctors, Care workers ,Teachers etc etc.Put the Great back
You campaigned on a lot of issues you have failed at.
But Mrs. Clinton won the popular vote, why did the electoral college passed it On?
/
I campaigned on creating a merit-based immigration system that protects U.S. workers &amp; taxpayers. Watch:… https://t....
That lighting really makes the Doritos-Powder on your skin pop. Nice work, @realDonaldTrump!
@FoxNews urge all that need clarification on Trump's merit based immigration plan to listen to this video !
Awesome. Just Awesome.  take the load off of our system .... GO TRUMP!!!!
Kinda like the idea of the higher skill set you have the higher priority. But it kinda goes against the whole equal opportunity 
Thank you. #promiseskept  now #LOCKHERUP
You're awful 
f x.@fddmnk0e bff by be
uh jnm
c, 0p
Can we focus more on population trying.. We need to make more profit for working/NonWorking citizens in the community. AND Resources.  . .'!
This is going to be a disaster because ilegal immigrants do the jobs that nobody want to do, is going to create an inflation in basic needs
You married two women who were not citizens and had 3 kids with Ivana who was not a citizen at the time.
Proud of our President. You have taking a lot. Of flack from you party. And from a lot of people but keep your head up the base is with you
Sorry i spelled your name wrong mr trump ..
August 17th, How is that going for you boys? Not so good eh?
Whatever happened to the sponsorship program where immigrants had someone ready to meet them, house them, help them find work etc.
Bonjour Donald Trump
Mr Trump I know you meant  well.I wouldn't want to be in your place.thank you for all the good you have done
I don't like you no no
Goodie, have your illegal ancestors passed the test?
Renounce the clan/racist/nazis.   Do it.  Loud and clear.
@PressSec whites only again!
Says the stupidest ignorant president of all times.
Don't belief one word
It's all about  
In his pocket
YOUR GRANDPA FRIEDRICH WOULD HAVE BEEN DENIED ENTRY UNDER YOUR MERIT BASED SYSTEM
WHO'S MERITS. REQUIRES AMENDMENT TO CONSTITUTION. ALL PEOPLE ARE CREATED EQUAL.  NAZIS TO THE REAR OF LINE.
ALL PEOPLE ARE CREATED EQUAL, DON'T THINK THE CREATOR INTENDED THE EQUAL PART TO BE ON A CASH BASIS. SPECIAL PLACE IN HELL
This act is against the American Dream! It is a betrayal of everything America stands for!
NO! YOU ARE A WHITE SUPREMIST!
I must have missed the tweet where you condemned the nazis marching in Charlottesville
BS
I agree 100 percent. This system is in place in many other countries!!!! No more immigrants looking for just a paycheck
Canada does something similar and no one thinks it is unfair. Unfair is working hard and paying taxes to pay for illegal immigrats welfare
QUESTION..WHY IS THERE NOT A GROWING ECONOMY ALONG THE BORDER W MEXICO...THE POINT OF SALE IS THE RIO GRANDE..CHEAP LAND TWO CULTURES TRADE
As a international student i whole heartedly welcome this bill pls pls introduce in senate asap that would really help 
Mr. President, please consider limiting entitlement to 48 mths.  Taxpayers shouldn't have to supports refugees forever.
making America great again.

@POTUS This is ONE of the many wonderful things your doing to #MAGA Thank you!
The bullshit act
So embarrass  that cotton is from Arkansas!!!!!
under this system, your family wouldn't have been allowed in the country. too bad. Fake President
sounds good!
Except for workers for your resorts!

.@realDonaldTrump just now: "We pay more taxes than anybody in the world." http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/may/08/donald-trump/donald-trump-us-not-highest-taxed-nation-in-world/ … 
Yes, your professional clothes hanger of a wife would have (not) been considered especially meritorious. Good thing she booked early.
If it looks and sounds like a racist act, you probably got the raise act.

Ps, you ran on fixing illegal immigration, this is xenophobia
And, as usual, your program is ridiculous in its lack of application to a real world problem. You are clueless!
And u lost the popular vote- just saying
Your doing an awsome job President Trump

Go to sleep!
Totally awesome - this is how it was and this is how it should be - no Open Society, no Open Borders - #AmericaFirst 
No you didn't.  Changed your tune because nothing else you've put out there has worked.  Need to end anchor babies and chain immigration!!
Supporting the DONALD
When???
It's true that having white skin and being able to speak American are merits, I mean if they're not merits what's are merits, Two Scoops?
I liked the act, how can I help to support it?
Protect the ELDERLY, VETS, AND CHILDREN AS WELL. ESPECIALLY WITH "HOUSING.
KEEP US SAFE IN CLEAN ENVIRONMENT.  LISTEN TO THE PLEAS.
Too bad there isn't a merit based system for the presidency.
Would your German grandparents or Miller's Yiddish speaking grandparent qualify? Would that have made USA a better place? Tread with care!
No you didn't. You campaigned on a platform of xenophobia and religious and racial bigotry.
Milania's english is crap. She has no education. Just naked pictures of herself
Would your mom pass that merit-based system? Oh yeah... she was white
You people need to open your eyes, and see what has happened to our country, in last 8 years. Now we as Americans have a chance again!!!
I stand behind you 100%
You also campaign on prosecuting Hillary now DOJ is offering deals.
Thank God you are our President!

I think the next move would be to deport illegal aliens are milking the system for decades
Most #American citizens are not eligible to come to the US under this piece of proposed legislation. #RAISEAct is quite discriminatory.
The Only Tweet We Want To See... JaynAmy™ Champions© Media 
Spreading Good Vibes 
Around The World. #maga #jaynamy http://jaynamy.com 
It will be proven that Trump won popular vote as well as electoral vote. Some counties in CA reported 144% of eligible voters. VOTER FRAUD!!
That's not the number of votes case. No fraud has been proven at all. Just badly updated voter rolls.
Massive fraud during 2016 campaign-millions of illegals helped with registering & allowed to vote-Saw Obama on tv telling them ok to vote.
No. If you listen to the whole interview, it's clear that he's not. I voted against him twice, but come on.
Merit-based immigration is actually what made America great. We never gave terrorists, criminals & sick people unlimited access until Obama.
And Rubio out there all over the news saying it's not going to pass the Senate!
Awesome keep it going mr trump
This should have been done a long time ago.
Crying tears of great joy, never do this ever but Trump puts so much joy into my beating American heart @potus @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MASA
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you for putting Americans 1st, winning !!! @potus @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MASA #TrumpTrain #DTS
ALL THAT YOU KNOW IS BECOMING ASIAN
OST OF THEM CAN SPEAK ENGLISH THEY JUST CHOOSE  NOT TOO
If they need to speak English well then what will you do with @FLOTUS? 
How will this affect people who are already here and renewing their green cards? Is it going to cause issues for these people?
Any Senator or Congressman who opposes the Raise Act, also Opposes the American Worker and should be replaced.
They open business w/o paying ANY#TAXES
Terrorists came in when#Obama opened the floodgates!
Liar in chief only cares about himself
Why are you hiring illegals at Mar a Lago?
Your immigration policies are anything but merit based.  Scientists, doctors, economists and others from the Middke East being denied access
Excellent idea,  you should also cut off ALL compensation to immigrants regarding food, housing n medical benefits. We have to pay for it.
Based on your own system, You wouldn't qualify to be here 
If one is President and more tan than his or her subordinates, he or she had better come from an annual vacation. You obviously didn't here.
Let's play connect the dots, Very #Interesting read, #EyeOpener

Trump would not meet his immigration requirements. He barely speaks English, is not qualified to do any job and has a third-grade education.
Congrats.
Do te you sending melania back?  She not a college grad, doesn't speak 5 languages and is a porn and nude model. Disgusting.
I voted for you, but I can't agree with not allowing CITIZENS to reunite with parents. We need a different bill. #timcotton
T/y Pres. Trump, I'm what late Pres. R. Reagan called working poor, worked jobs since age 14. Have had minr. medical issues, now on benefits
Hypocrite in chief hires foreign workers again at mar a lago while palm beach county Americans told you're not hired
This act is the most smartest thing ever done by our politicians and our President Trump in long, long time,  AMERICA FIRST,,,,,,
Absolutely brilliant President Trump. Common sense back in the WH.
You are the best president ever. Please get rid of Richard Blumenthal. He is a liar and does not care about his constituents.
Pres Trump..you're the best President we've had in yrs. Too many good things to list. Stock market..jobs up..borders secure..we love you! 
Good job Pres. Trump! I wish @JustinTrudeau would do this in Canada.
Save billions????? How????? By knocking the near poor off of state and federal assistance?? Bullshit! Shame!!
Has not helped in WA state. Only has increased costs and made retired folks loose purchasing power.
I really like ur plan. I can say from my own personal experience how jobs were taken from me as I struggled to take care of my daughter.
I took the test -- I couldn't get in...thank goodness Ford, Edison, Whitney, and Salk or their parents didn't have to take this test.
你们标榜的人权呢？
thanks mr president for ur effort.
then you need to start by no longer hiring non american labor
having said this, sSTILL a TERRIBLE policy (8/2/17; 14:39 EDT) #RAISEact #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
U shud make all current illegals w/o criminal recordcitizensThey get minwage,benefits,off welfare etcBoy wud we C Dems change theirquick
IF this passes, BIRTH TOURISM will NO LONGER BE ALLOWED (August 2, 2017; 14:39 EDT) #RAISEact
they want 2 continue 2 be able 2 stay in u.s. on things like BIRTH TOURISM (August 2, 2017; 14:39 EDT) #CHINA #FAIL
,...which MANY JUSTIFIABLY regard as latest sign of HATE (August 2, 2017; 14:29 EDT) #RAISEact #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
DISCRIMINATORY part: ban NO LONGER JUST a (August 2, 2017; 14:29 EDT) #MUSLIMban #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
,...but this act does have a BENEFIT (August 2, 2017; 14:29 EDT) #RAISEact
many CHINESE in CALIFORNIA continue 2 rail against this (August 2, 2017; 14:29 EDT) #RAISEact
latest CONTROVERSIAL idea (August 2, 2017; 14:29 EDT) #RAISEact
this is 2 PREVENT FUTURE cases of people coming in2 u.s. because they DON'T KNOW WHAT 2 DO WITH THEMSELVES (8/2/17; 14:29 EDT) #RAISEact
that would REQUIRE people coming in2 usa 2 HAVE A JOB or be ENTERING A US SCHOOL (August 2, 2017; 14:29 EDT) #RAISEact
a proposal sponsored by sens. TOM COTTON & DAVID PERDUE..., (August 2, 2017; 14:29 EDT) #RAISEact
so WHAT EXACTLY is??? (August 2, 2017; 14:29 EDT) #RAISEact
as a journalist/writer/blogger, sometimes we have 2 TAKE uncomfortable positions (8/2/17; 14:39 EDT) #RAISEact #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
You lost me at If.
Can you come over and sort out our mess
#LyingTrump
Totally support this.  We also need to get rid of anchor baby citizenship.
listen phoney you just want America white again


This plan is the only way to go to MAGA again, and also welcome LEGAL immigrants in who love and want to be a part of us!!
It's the only way to go!
Its hard to do the right thing when the wrong thing has been done for 10 plus years. No one said it would be easy that's why its so tuff !
This will hurt the economy & is thinly veiled bigotry.
To your job buddy do your job you're doing a good job
I give you another credit Donald Trump
Love this program, especially the area that restricts any aid for 5 years
The election system however is obviously not merit based.
How about no government assistance until you have paid taxes for at least 10 years
If they have enough money to support their family they don't need to come to america
guess Melanie has to return to Europe....sad!
Let's see now, do we want green carders to be adding to our economy or receiving aid?  Guess the former.  Am I wrong?
DO IT Trump!!
Be Careful Of Your Generals Mr President ---> Remember Julius Caesar & His Fate 
Thats for sure. God first.
Thank you. You already know middle class taxes and medical are too high coz of the imigrants.
UH, can you explain that to me?  Exactly how does this work?
What's the master plan for these people with this Bill? Slavery?
Awesome. Finally way overdue. Dems had 20 yrs to fix it. You did it in 100


Good job dir
