


Buy American &amp; hire American are the principles at the core of my agenda, which is: JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Thank you @exx...
@stephenkbannon Made in USA Labeling in big letters is Everything in getting people to Buy American
Not that you have done that with your business. Smh
@Richmari01 @exxonmobil 
Lies lies russian ties

#America First @realDonaldTrump
You first, you lying POS. Hows that Russian steel deal coming along?
So American protectionism is ok, but other nations doing it is not ok... hmm...
So why are you and Ivanka still manufacturing your crummy, knock off products in China? Put your money where your mouth is.
Really??   Why are all of the Trump goods made in China?  Why do all your properties have a vast number of foreign workers??  You are a con artist and a LIAR!!  Vote blue!
Too bad liberals can't be blocked from responding to Trump. He's not their president anyway, right?
Good thing Obama saved all of our butts after 2008 and got unemployment all the way down to 2.9 you can follow
How's that "Buy American" thing working out for you? @realDonaldTrump @exxonmobil
He was a businessman.
WANT VOTE BACK, believe sspy cells, Russian/ ect. Americans ,1st,above $.,Walk in the shoes of Americans,not just wealthy.
better yet...find CGI in a rash of legal shit, and seize that cash-
@EricTrump
BUY AMERICAN YOU SAY!?
What's   the problem? HE was a business man.
thank you Donald Trump and admin for all you are doing for the USA!!! We are praying for you and our country!!!
@MannMadeUSA
we love you great great
Then why aren't you vocal and  supportive of innovators like Elon musk?
Why is hiring foreign workers good for you, but not good for farmers, construction companies, restaurants, etc..?
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
Why do you still have companies outside the US then?
well what's the need of jobs when we CANT BREATHE
"RUSSIAN STEEL IS FLOODING INTO THE US" - Not using US Steel?  LIAR!!
Sorry Donald. We all know your job talk is just a propaganda distraction for your bigotry behavior. #TrunkNation
says the guy who's ties are made in China, hires foreign workers for hotels, & made a deal for Russian steel.
@Dodge 
You have to take care of customers before this will work. #TIPM why no recall - failed customer service
So when are you going to bring your clothing line to the U.S. for production? Your talk is cheap.
is funny because it's not USA steel that is being used for the pipeline right? Go back to your coloring book
. Stay true Mr President with your promises and you will be fine.
t         tf
Then why do you allow Japan to keep its negative interest? JPY is very much undervalued, I guess.
Then why are the pipelines being built with RUSSIAN STEEL?!?!?! LIAR!
Liar
need to go get that Midget in Korea before he takes all of California out
so why are you outsourcing and hiring immigrants in the US.  You don't practice what you preach!
Buy American, boycott Trump products.  Wow, a Trump tweet I actually can agree on!
chúc ngài chum sức khỏe rồi rào

so if I'm buying American I guess I'm not buying Trump clothes.
is. Ivanka still having all her stuff made in China? What about your stuff. Made everywhere but here.
unless you own a vineyard. Or a hotel.
like pipelines you stopped w/China steel demanding American now using steel from RUSSIA!?What a con! All your crap overseas
ifurtellingevryAmerican that wersupposed2have more jobs then y r they keep on closing storesnmaking everythingontheinternet
jobs, healthcare, and safety are key to our success as a country.
but what about your daughters wheelin and dealin and bringing it back here?
Exactly right -- u are the greatest JOBs president, ever! You were, even before, you were officially in office!
trumps principle agenda is LIES LIES LIES
So how come your car is german, your chef is french and your wife is slovenian ?
your company could bring back jobs if you put your business back to America Trump First America second
why don't you and your family start America First by bringing back your businesses from overseas
why is Boeing laying off workers?
time to change government during pratices.
so, you're buying american products for all of your properties?
Why don't you do this with your own companies?
You first.
when are you going to bring back the crap you manufacture to this country? Same for Ivanka.
With no vacation, maternity leave, gurantees min wage or healthcare...great.
The 2 largest employers of illegals also donate 75% to Republicans. Who stealing our jobs!?
said the man who imports his merch from other countries. Allows family the same. Using US to further own agenda
you are a rock
jobs! Jobs! Jobs! What will you take credit for when robots replace people doing those jobs?
Do u know what happens when ur the 2nd largest exporter and u do that?...Think Hard!
People are real.
Words have meaning.
Actions have consequences.
You are hurting your countrymen. Please #resign
provided it does not involve your companies or your daughters #IvankaTrump #trumpwinery
Except for you, Right princess?
you get payed 1.3 mil per year over next 2.5 years, you my friend are not eligible until then!
Well, except for any Trump product
And ALL the Construction that needs done in America, Jobs, Jobs, Jobs! Love it!!! Hold Const. Co. Accountable.
how about starting with your family businesses???????
then why are you invested overseas? Hypocrit.
Ivanka Ivanka Ivanka just had 50M products shipped from CHINA-- go after her
by doing this Mr President you are going to bring down your nation; so make sure you think twise again with tha
Except for your & Ivanka's clothing lines made in China, Bangladesh, India & elsewhere except America.
Did you forget to mention that to Ivanka & did you forget to tell Eric to cancel that request for foreign winery workers?
what about ivanka? Does she believe in American JOBS JOBS JOBS ? Or Chinese jobs?
Trump ties = Made In  China!!
From the Family who makes their products in Mexico,Bangladesh and China!  Give us a break already from the B.S.
Why should we? You don't.
buy American & hire American - unless, of course, you are a Trump
@DonaldTrumpAsia @exxonmobil 
You starting with your businesses in Russia and China??
But you don't make your clothing in America. #MakeChinaGreatAgain
Except when Ivanka's line comes from China.....HYPOCRITE!!! Just RESIGN already!!
@katiePr17564082 @exxonmobil even tho you don't do those things yourself? Lying hypocrite
Hey DT look at your tie and your shirt and your suit.    And probably your shoes and walksrr
hypocrite
Then how come all your products were not made in america #fraudpresident
i Will buy a tie from u, when it's made here. Until then, please get off Twitter n be the President. #ISnoop
what can you do to raise wages? I work for a government funded company which pays less than McDonalds.
Now why you gotta feed people that buy american crap when you're  still paying for Melania?!?!?!?
hypocrite much?  If you're gonna demand people do something, you better do it yourself
Your and your family need to practice what you preach
#hypocrits #complicit
is that why u brought in Russian steel for your pipeline contracts when u promised it to American steel workers
perhaps u and @IvankaTrump should make ur products in America instead of China and Asia ! U are a liar
why are Trump products made in other countries? #hypocrite #liar
except when it's convenient for you, your friends and family, right? You need a str8 jacket and padded room.
How about produce in America?
while YOU AND YOUR FAMILY'S companies are overseas? Hypocrite
Can you please give us a date when @InvankaTrump line will be made in U.S? All of your cloth is made in China
Tell Melania and Ivanka to buy American and wear American clothes
And Trump's ties? Made in China!
please start using " American Latinos and such language, it will make other feel accepted. Don't exclude
'@realDonaldTrump @exxonmobil howz about your and your family's clothing lines. are they now 'made in 'merica'? nypocrite.
HYPOCRITE! when will you start manufacturing your stuff in the USA?
@foxnews when are you going to take your own advice? You don't even marry American
so why is all your shit made in China? And it truly is shit.
What about yours and Ivanka made in China trash ?
where do we find these Jobs!
your fucking clothing line is made in China.
Excellent job. You are the greatest President.
@senwarren warren, watch Trump and learn how to deliver well.
you should start with your own products and companies.  #Hypocriteinchief
anyone innercircle not tied to oil? No wonderEPA not ur MakeAmericaGreat. Everytime useTwitterthink Kordestani
. FYI:USA is a melting pot.#TwitterSuccess due in part2 IranianbornOmidKordestani came2USAat14anAmericanSuccess.
Why are your products manufactured overseas?
- put YOUR $ where your mouth is (Ivanka's too!)
-are you going to trash all the China products in your Trump Motels and replace with products Made in the USA?
except #DakotaAccessPipeline  I heard Russian steel?
then why are we not using Ameeican steel in DAPL & Keystone also Trump clothing line isn't American.
how about you start to produce in America rather than China!
All of your shit is made overseas, you hypocrite.
you and @IvankaTrump should take your own advice! Ivanka's failing clothing line made in china! u use mex labor
#boycottmadeinUSA
While the mango Mussolini is making America racist again, buy made ANYWHERE BUT USA.
except for pipeline steel and your daughter. Hypocrites
Buy American?!  Hypocrite.  Your own family produces products outside the US.
by the way you are taking credit for something Obama did. Be a man and stop lying
then why are your products, and those of your daughter made in China?
and are you starting with your own company or @IvankaTrump company. Nothing American about either @POTUS
Tell @IvankaTrump to buy American, produce American!
lol....but you mad ivanka and yours ugly clothes didn't sell??  How American!
principals at the core of his agenda, #BuyAmericanHireAmerican
as the entire #Trump clothing brand is non-American!
Buy American & Hire American Fuckery!
Guess your 'buy American, hire American' principals are at the core of your agenda in your dreams, ONLY!!
gurl, ur daughter's clothing line is from china. Is u serious?
All good for you and the US citizens! But what about all the other people of the world? Think broader!
Did the 80 containers of Chinese-made @IvankaTrump clothes that just shipped count in the "Buy American" thing @realDonaldTrump?
@exxonmobil
and use Canadian steel owned by a Russian??
Money  for your empire! Can't wait to see you behind bars!  #puppetofPutinandBannon#Impeachment
...and ivankas clothing come from china? Hmmm is that Hippocrates at work?
Hey #donthecon except when it comes to staffing your companies, eh? Or if the business doesn't like you
balanced and fair game particpation for all players...how refreshing is this...long over due
really???
I guess doesn't apply to you and Ivanka, since you manufacture your clothing lines outside the US.
liar
- but Ivanka can still do  China.  Hypocrite.
We couldn't make you do it and you can't make us!
THEN @POTUS, WHY ARE YOU USING RUSSIAN & CHINA STEEL FOR OUR WATER SYSTEM & INFRASTRUCTURE? Not very American.
you don't hire American yourself! Hypocrite
I know this has been said. So don't buy any trump products? Any trump!!
dh
You are going to be responsible for killing this planet.  It's all going to be on you.
good advice start  with your family you hypocrite!
Made & or produced in America needs to mean something again & should be everywhere again
like the clothes you and your daughter make?  Lol. Do what I say not what I do?
