Any senator who votes against starting debate is telling America that you are fine w/ the #OCareNightmare! Remarks… http...
Remember We the People are watching  
WE THE PEOPLE DID NOT SEND OUR PAID EMPLOYEES  TO OBSTRUCT .. PASS BILLS NOT GAS... DO YOUR JOBS OR BE VOTED OUT SOON... OUR PROMISE...
The vote after the debate was better. Republicans can't govern their way out of a paper bag. #majoritypartyblamesminorityparty
Try to fix the ACA for those folks that are having a problem...Do NOT repeal it..It works fine for the majority (MAJORITY) of people.

#lawnmower
President Obama put the people first. You are nothing but traitor and I hope putin sticks his tiny finger up your ass.@realDonaldTrump
You misspelled "success."  You know, the opposite of what you are.
WONDER PSC OF CHOCLATE CAKE  LOVE BLACK MEDICINE LOVE ROMNEY CARE RELABELED OBAMA CARE WAKE UP DORK
As usual drama in the WH continues!!
If we the people voted for these republican's in. They're receiving pay checks paid by We the people,  Why should they have better then WE?!
Make all senator's go on the same health plan that they are continually pushing on the American people.  Why should they have better plans?
Please continue to fight for the repeal of Obamacare!!! Everyone who pays for their insurance is losing out and overpaying.
You are such a bully a tyrant.
Financial times Monday 731 Kelly steps in article fake news I'm disappointed in this paper
Thank you for banning transgender from our military Next gays if ya can. The sanctions against Russian are uncalled for  Stops communication
These liberals need to get a f****** grip
If Obamacare is good for the people then it's good for Congress and the Democrats.
His threats against the congress are worse than those against N Korea and just as impotent.
Not only do you tell @SenToddYoung @SenDonnelly and others what to believe but also what to think &how to #Vote
Free Heath care for everyone all these clowns in office just make personal deals to benit them why not!
Obamacare isnt the nightmare you are
We are fine with o'care, aka, The ACA.
Your plan would've left THOUSANDS without insurance. How is that better?
Yes so sure that the people are satisfied with Obama care you will need an executive order to give them the same coverage
Could you as the President STOP the health care insurance of any Congress person who refuses to work on the Bill and make it WORK?!?!
Mr President GOD BLESS YOU, your family & America.
I agree
More like #OCareSavior because it helped insure tons of Americans in need. Unlike you!
Why were we trying to repeal a bill that would still have 42 of 47 Obamacare mandates in it?
So you've waited until now to have an actual debate? And include democrats? Oh wait, no, clueless child can't have that, huh? Tiny hands.

One gets the sense that if Trump could fire senators he would. Does he value our democracy or not?
Protect Americans.  Repeal OBAMACARE without replacement!
Exactly, tweet a list out so we can vote them all out!!!!!
the dems dont even use obamacare McCain wont have his cancer treatment through obamacare he wants to live
Obamacare has to be better than trumpcare. Everybody thinks so.
ALERT! TRUMP #FAKENEWS! Nothing to even start debate! STOP WASTING TIME DOUBLING DOWN on STUPID w R&R. MUST DO bipartisan ACA REPAIR NOW!
Penis
.@SenateMajLdr -HELP! INSANITY spread from Admin to SENATE! Voting tomorrow w/o knowing on what! Anything to WIN - to hell w the people!
.@realDonaldTrump -CAUTION! INSANITY @ WORK! Just pass ANYTHING? Very SAD U make this abt U & NOT what's best for Amer people! #UNFIT4POTUS
I agree and all the Obama people can't get over Obama care is over
No, these are the people who really care about the people, which you clearly do not!
Obamacare saved my life, t-Rump care would have killed me
I'm so sick of the evil left trying to block everything good u trying to do for the people just cause of the personal issue they have with u
YOU are the one making Obamacare fail by NOT funding it, You are a SAD sack O'Whale Shite' infact I apologize to the whales and their shite'
Lastly GREAT JOB THIS WEEK Mr. President
this is ridiculous for these guys to air it out and make you look BAD!! behind closed doors it the only way at that level!
Keep pushing change Mr. president Trump, Also pull the executive leadership in the oval office and tell them to STOP making you look BAD!
and anyone that knows anything knows driving change is the absolute hardest and toughest thing to do in government and business,
You know your on point when you have to fight for it we did not VOTE a puppet in the the presidency we vote a change maker !!!!!!!
You're correct. We want those voted out!!!!
No Trumpcare... You didn't want or plan debate you pathological liar. Resign. #impeachtrump
god bless Obama
Use your pen and a lawyer to go pass yourself Oblamo did
Why don't you take away health care from put 26 million people
So glad John McCain was feeling better and came back for last nights vote AGAINST skinny repeal. Thank you John McCain!
You should leave Sessions alone, he is doing a great job!!! Don't hurt your presidency now that you have it.
I will remember them!
Stop sabotaging the Affordable Care Act & then people can see it just needs to be fixed. Wanting to take away people's healthcare is cruel.
The Affordable Health Care Law is a blessing for the American People.  The nightmare for USA is liar trump the sexual predator in chief
Executive Order that Congress uses Obama care if you can...
Limp LOSER packing nothing more than viagra in his pants-push comes to shove-No health care, 7 years of repeal & replace!  MAGA-LOL! LOSER!
The ACA is better than TrumpUnCare. The debate vote passed, but there was NO debate! You went from that to force your UnCare through.
What  do the Republicans think? People have long memories when they are lied to Promised for seven years to replace.
@Capri29gt Rep. & Dems don't give a damn about us or their country. They are all working for Obama's Shadow Government. Traitors.
Or they are saying they are not fine with this bill that is a BS fix... you don't even know what's in it!!
Again you are spouting nonsense in front of children. How rude.
You threaten Senators for the way they vote. Why should we feel safe with our voter info in the hands of you voter fraud commission?
Any senator who votes for starting debate is telling America that you are fine w/ the #TrumpCareNightmare!
You said it....
Or maybe they don't want to strip people's coverage until they actually have a good replacement. Didn't think of that huh?
Better than your, or rather the GOPs I DON'T CARE Plan! THEIR plan, as you can't read or understand the first thing about what goes into it!
http://knightstemplarinternational.com  - America Order salutes you
WHO COULD BE OK W/ O' care?  It is hurting millions

https://twitter.com/libertyselfgov/status/890676366042988544 …
The nightmare of letting taxpayers live long enough to pay for tax cuts for the uber wealthy?
Uhm, it seems U R not familiar with the word "COERCION." I've attached the definition 4 U in light of the threat 2 Senator Murkowski. . .
POTUS pig doesn't really give a damn!
Democrats now that you're not working you might as well go to the beach and don't forget your flip-flops
So proud of you President Trump keep going forward keep putting God first keep doing all the good you can for America
You're the one whose a nightmare! Jerk!
My Ocare plan costs $152/mo as I am in decent health.  Will I be able to keep my plan? if not will have to get out of retirement for 2 years
can you think   come with healthcare trump
Do you actually know what your policies are, or do you just sign stuff while people wave keys in your face?

#FirstMonkeyPresident
I love the irony of you calling any media outlet "fake news" when you admit to not doing any research yourself while gibbering nonsense.
It's time to get rid of the corrupted Democrats and the wimpy Republicans let's clean house!
the nightmare is not having healthcare for all americans #yourealoser
Until the poor, women, children and the disabled are represented in a way that demonstrates equality, none of you should debate health care.
Obamacare is not a nightmare for Americans who have healthcare because of it. Fix those who are having "nightmare".Leave good parts alone.
The worlds biggest nightmare is in the WH &the R's that control house & senate The devil & his spawns at work in Washington DC
Funny Koch brothers never had commercials before trump came into WH They & putin are certain we are no longer a democracy
America became a third world country Election day 2016 putin put trump in WH Our election was hijacked& R's no compassion for sick & elderly
Monsters allow people to die needlessly The only nightmare is trump administration & R's filling their pockets off the back of middle-class
How is this health care a nightmare? Name the ways ACÁ is a nightmare. You throw out lies. You are a liar.
The lies need to STOP on both sides Fix the mess R's have created again People pay taxes for things America needs not what politicians want
That is preferable to the #trumpdeathcare R's had big input of ACA before it passed. Most ideas in it were R's & the penalty was R's too
Uh wrong again. Do you ever get ANYTHING right? Loser.
Or they are telling America that they don't want to take medical coverage from the poor, ill, elderly and disabled. But I could be wrong...
trumpelectiomnightmare
#25thAmendmentNow
You just really don't want the black man to have any sort of positive legacy in this country, do you?
Hey Putin lap-dog, how about you telling Americans that you're a phony president.
And that they are against killng 22 million Americans like you want to do
can we vote you out already
Any senator or politician who does not raise their voice to #ProtectTransTroops is not someone I want representing me.
#PresidentialCyberBully
Trump= horrible leader
Butt Face
Obamacare replaced by Retardcare?
The only victims here are the wealthy?  Are you crazy? Wait don't answer that. . I think I already know.  Sad,  sick,  draft dodger.
Your the real nightmare.  The ACA. Is by far a better deal than anything you have.  So please stop berating senators for doing their job.
Why don't you fix what needs fixing in the ACA instead of being a child and making a new one because you didn't make it yourself. SAD!.
remember Obama had an obstructionist GOP also, but he got it done!!! You are just a big failure, Trump the Chump.
God Bless you Prez Trump... Keep draining that Swamp
You are the nightmare that Obamacare keeps having!
Im fine with Obamacare!
We, the people, like The Affordable care act.
Unless its #UniversalHealthCare i think we will be just fine. Thank you GOP!
No they just can't go home if they do!
#WeThePeopleKNOW THE DISASTROUS HORRORS OF #Obamacare &R BEHIND U MR #PresidentTrump PUTTING #AmericaFirst NOT BEING 4 #OBAMA SCARE #MAGA
ACA can be fixed, or you aren't the "renegotiator" you claimed to be. You lack imagination.
Remember when Obama was President? Things just got done and correctly without all the drama & stress. Ah, the good old days! We miss them.
Those senators r my heros for speaking out..the answer is right in front of me and u don't see it...others can see it too..think about that
You want to destroy all things Obama.  Your jealousy is childish. Grow up, get some thick skin, stop thinking of yoyrself, instead U.S.A.
Knock off the veiled threats and public shaming.  We know what your only objective is.  Ego.
"Any senator who votes against" IMPEACHING YOU is telling America that YOU are fine and they are ok with the drumpf nightmare. RESIGN NOW!
I especially don't need some little 20-year-old dip shit to tell me how things should be run.
I've worked all my life and I've always had a healthcare. I don't need the government to provide healthcare for me.
FAKE PRESIDENT!
No, they're not. They are saying that they work for the people who put them in office. They don't work for you!
Nope, they are saying they want them to keep their health care
Do you know anything about insurance? 
Is your only talent reading cue cards?
Steve Bannon, please stop writing the cue cards for Donnie.
Ocare is saving lives! Trump care replacement is death care!
Please drain that swamp! We need REEDUCATION CAMPS for political crimes!!
The "nightmare" of the ACA treated and treats my daughter who was shot during a mass shooting because if the nightmare called the NRA.
Wrong again. Any republican who voted yes doesn't read before deciding things on their legality or merit. Just like you!  Mindless robots.
Did you come up with that little hashtag all by yourself?
I will always have your back Mr.President # you can bank on it
...Said the big gator in the swamp.
Make congress and senate have to use Obamacare. Watch how fast they will pass something
WRONG!!!
It should have been signed Criminal in Chief
or they just don't think you have ANY type of care plan that is better!  But this is your fake news
We are fine, it just needs to be tweeted, to improve it. Not kill it or remove it .
Any senator that votes with there constituents in mind is doing the job that they were hired to do. U need to read a book about how gvt wrks
I wonder if he blames Obama for signing the emancipation proclamation
