You could do better. But you lack the desire for anything that doesn't line your pocket.
#RESIGN
#IMPEACH
#InvokeThe25th
yes, do better close borders, deport all illegals and their families, abolish income tax, execute hillary, comey and all the other traitors.
@EPN @AlemaniaMx I AM KAYSER.RECUERDE ETERNAL HEAVENLY CUANDO EMPIESE COMO KEYSER TENDRA UN CRISTO NEGRO HO UN POPE NEGRO..
What are we making? Ham?

You said we were going to WIN again and you are delivering on your promise to the American people! Thank you sir! 
So you're saying it was successful under Obama?
Two scoops. Two genders.

TWO TERMS.
Democrat legacy is one that becomes clearer every day.
#thanksobama

Fake news. You're a racist a liar a traitor & ur capitalizing on misery as well as benefiting fr Obamas work ur a fraud #25thAmendmentNow
You are #MAGA ! Thank you Mr President we love you
RETWEET and LIKE if you're voting TRUMP 2020 
F*** that

Don't let JBrown allow Ca to become a Sanctuary State! Please stop him! #TRUMP
Of course
This not a business venture of yours.    You are a public servant & work for the people.    Do not let them down.
look at Canada we have grown faster than you and free trade had nothing to do with it..hope it disolves..
He has yet to visit Canada. It’s unusual by this point in time but answers many questions
he is scared...he knows the reception he will get here...and he doesn't have to worry about guns etc..I don't know anyone who owns one lol..come visit..
The Manufacturing Index rose to 59%, the highest level since early 2011 - and we can do much better!...
Congratulations on Manufacturing Index.  Let's do more, but keep up with good work and never back down sir
Not because of your administration.  President Obama did it all.
Thank you Obama!
You're a traitor
Great going Mr President
So US has 2.09 manufacturers now... great job!
What did YOU have to do with this? 
Let me tell you...."nothing"
This is happening INSPITE of you. Allow that to sink in
You're not American go back!
Congrats on the record breaking debt!!!  Great job!
Presidente Trump. God bless you!!! From  Osvaldo & Angelica
You promised so much more! Get 9/11 justice from Saudi! It's time Mr. President!
maybe you are too ...
Manufacturing of what? Your Fake Propaganda News?
Only if we choose to as a country and only God can pull things back together!!
Well, who knew? When the president has no idea what he’s doing & his senior advisers don’t either, the pres. cannot get his agenda through."
Yes. You are doing an amazing job. But you are right, we can do much better. Praying 4 unity & 4 U Mr President!
All thanks to you, President Trump!
Keep up the good work Mr President
@realDonaldTrump  Thank Obama.
You are a liar
Thanks Obama
I Will Do Photo Background Remove Quickly. If anyone wants the background of this photo removed, contact me
#DrWho13
#lawnmower
If lazy assed house and congress would get behind you the sky is the limit.  Thank You for your service Sir!  MAGA

Love it!
Great  sir
This is a hoax Donald as you know fine increasing levels of something eg. Storms/hurricanes don't relate to other factors eg. climate change
Coming from a compulsive liar.. lol. USA is going down the shit hole of the idiots with $ that voted you in!Yours truly Proudly Canadian!
Keep patting yourself on the back for things you've had nothing to do with..no one else will!
Great job Mr President with the budget deal. Good things can happen if you work with everyone.
What a failure you are Cheeto!

Trump after 8 failed years of Obama, YOU got or economy flourishing!!!

Thank you!
It's always good to raise the bar. Setting higher goals should always be priority one. Always raise standards to stretch human achievement.
WOO HOO!!!!  
Obama never had to tell us about his "accomplishments". We felt it every day. You are NO Obama!
Labor Force Participation at 50 yr low, even lower than under Obama.  Means 38% of folks can't find work & not in Employment/Unemployment #s
https://data.bls.gov/timeseries/LNS11300000 …
Let's see how well this one ages...

Imagine how good we could do with a real president!
This is of course due to all the massive bills you shepherded through congress.
Oh wait, that's right, it's been nearly nine months and all you have done is get most of your staff fired and gave aid and comfort to Nazis
I will admit that your efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare were quite amusing, lol. Too bad you didn't help anyone who needed it.
You are doing great!
Trump Jobs push failing as Ford, Boeing and Carrier move out of U.S.A.
Lies.
Yea ok "WE" believe you... NOT !
You forgot to mention unemployment rose in August too!
And we will
@realDonaldTrump Thanks to you @vp @SBALinda @IvankaTrump @cabinet for creating a #BrighterFuture for #American manufacturers...God bless
Love my President #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #MAGA
All thanks to you, MY @POTUS
now making lame excuses for your growth.. just  a coward and cry baby..

Does it suck now that you aren't in charge anymore? What's it like when everyone calls you a nincompoop?
the increase is due to automation replacing humans in manufacturing.  what are you doing to help prepare for learning new skills?
JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!!
None of the  companies were able to make it
All the CEOs abandoned the Trump train when they found out that the Captain was erratic, impulsive, inexperienced and extremely misinformed.
He's got Russia working the angle on North Korea so that he can build the war machine and begin more ammo manufacturing
He will do anything including starting a nuclear war to shore up his disgraceful record breaking low poll numbers. He is desperate for a win
1/
Trump Econ Problems

Erratic Trump Risk
Disaster costs
Debt Ceiling
Govt Shutdown
Trump Trade Threats
No Tax Cut/Infrast
Houston 4th largest city
$500 billion exports/imports
Energy for US + export
Erratic Trump = Risk

$53 B Pension fund sells off
Due to Trump causing uncertainty
What might endanger economy?

Threat of Nuke War?
or
Trade War w/ ally South Korea?
Trump threatening US Gov shutdown

for his insane Racist Wall promise
S&P warning on Shutdown + Debt Limit

Trump threats adding to Economic Risk
Rebuild Houston, Texas and Louisiana

Not Trump's Racist Wall
Watch out Houston just bet U have a new golf course & new hotel in the future..45 believes 1 man's lost is his fortune Did he say "Have fun"
Yes Sir! We'll make it happen Sir! MAGA
Great Tweet! MAGA
Have Ivanka stop having her cheaply made overpriced fashions made overseas then.
Glad for #Obama, his fiscal year ends in October
IT IS NOT BECAUSE OF YOUR LEADERSHIP....HAHA
. Thanks @BarackObama! First fiscal year under @realDonaldTrump will not go as well- fewer new jobs than last year, much market uncertainty.
Thank you sir
Thanks obama
We are finally done with the Obama budget, What ya got Trump? Tax breaks for the filthy rich? Kill all immigration? Lie a bunch more??
Let me guess  @realDonaldTrump you want to take credit for that too!
You know @realDonaldTrump will soon claim credit for 1969 moon landing too. What a jackass. Failing trump has done shit so far.
Thanks for actively participating in the recovery.  I believe it shows that you do indeed feel and care.  You are appreciated.
President Trump's performance in the first six months of his administration is BREAKING RECORDS! We expected nothing less! #MAGA
Err Trump took over an economy already on the up, Obama took over at the beginning of the crash in 2008, hardly a fair comparison!
Thanks to President Obama!
Yes, your administration has done quite a bit of manufacturing. Record levels.
we need a civil war to save what little is left of freedom. blood of tyrants like @jeremynewberger and most dems required to save liberty.
DonTheCon. Shut the fuck up. You're a disgrace.
Thank you Mr. President.
Nothing to do with you!!!
Do you make these, highest evers? Sounds phony.
It's awesome to see the Obama recovery getting even stronger.  We are grateful to the Obama administration for all they did to make US great
Oink 
As soon as you are gone we can begin trying to build an actual government again. Frankly I'm amazed we have survived so long without one.
I'm sure the thousands of people trying to survive in Huston and other areas really care. 
Idiot!
Thank you President Obama!
Brah! How many cars is that!
45 Economic activity in manufacturing sector expanded in August overall economy grew for the 99th consecutive month thanks Pres Obama
As long as manufacturing INCLUES FAST FOOD PREP these numbers mean nothing.
Mr president  we need too shut down all foreign  call centers  for American Companies  Abroad   JFK 2 SDD
And your contribution to improvement was ?? Oh yea-NOTHING!! Keep stroking yourself Don...it's the only pleasure you can accept!! A-hole.
Thanks @BarackObama
True we can do much better keep speaking life
Anybody can spout those figures that you had nothing to do with.
Please keep America first, DACA must end it takes away from us!

Let's see. What else????  Manufacturer TrumpCo clothing in the US??? 
Thanks to Obama


of course, this # doesn't include Ur hats, suits & ties or Ivanka's clothing/shoe line. You are a fraud.

Thank you @BarackObama. The greatest president most of us will ever see. Even more so in comparison to you
Taking credit for Obama's economy is like someone inheriting millions from his dad and bragging about what a good businessman he is.
What have you done, more details.
Liar
Trumpie the Clown! You know you hate the workers. Everything you promise them ends up hurting them. You're Fired! Lol!
Thanks Obama!
Unemployment went up
Brag brag brag. Ego a little fragile?
But US construction spending unexpectedly fell in July, hitting a nine-month low amid a steep decline in investment in private structures.
We love you @realDonaldTrump !
This is #RealNews so you won't see it on @CNN #VeryFakeNews network. #Hips & #Numbers don't lie. #MAGAnomics at work.
the suck my dingus index is at an all time high right now
Still not your doing, still all Obama. SAD!!  #LOSER
The U.S. has added jobs for 80 straight mths and grown for eight straight years. This boosts demand for manufactured goods. TY @BarackObama
A weaker dollar makes U.S. goods more affordable -- and attractive -- to foreign buyers. Thank you for weakening our currency?
No, it rose 0.2%. If it rose 59% that means we stopped buying from Europe.
Proof or it did not happen
Thank Mr President for your hard work God bless you and your family.
I'm sure it had something to do with President Obama!
Mr.President, I didn't vote for You, but inside of me I know You will be truly for America First. Great job Mr. President!!!!!!!
I'd be impressed of you had a clue what that "actually" meant cause you throw numbers out the like a child going "wow, such a big number"
Lies all lies!
tech, tech, tech

Except for the carrier plant you promised to save?
You don't do  for the economy. Take your (__o__)back to NYC.Your worthless to the American people.
We must create our inventions, America is a nation of inventors, but we should Lead by Example to the rest of the World...
AMERICA can do much better than you. Repeal and replace POTUS
Thank Obama
Time to break up these Corporations that have become public utilities who think they tell the world what to do! @google @facebook @Microsoft
Hey Trump, do you understand that increases in production do not correlate to increased wages and jobs? America is a producing giant.
MR. PRESIDENT ,
AMERICA IS RANKED 17TH IN THE WORLD IN ECONOMIC FREEDOM THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE.
WE SHOULD BE NUMBER 1 .
MR. President ,
We are ranked 17th in the world in economic freedom . Why aren't we #1
MR. PRESIDENT ,
 America is ranked 17th in the world in economic freedom thanks to left wing policies.
This is totally unacceptable !!!
you have no idea what that is. don't play.
Why don't you take credit for the 200+ drop in the Dow yesterday?
Great admission
Did you build a wall around it?
Also North Korea detonated a Hydrogen Bomb. Do you take credit for that as well?
I prayed for your impeachment
@NachoGrannieT God Bless you Mr President.Please come to Australia and be our leader 
Love that you love our @POTUS , too, BeverleyBut he's booked thru January 2025Then he can come be the president of Australia
LOL Thank you. America is Blessed. President Trump is the best. 
The stock market dropped over 200 pts today. So if you take personal credit for jobs, will you take credit for the drop in stocks?
