Apparently my company didn't think so. I got laid off, Again. they are hiring temporary workers. I guess they don't put stock in loyalty.
"Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now." Thank you Stuart Varney @foxandfriends Jobs are sta...
Since corporations are rolling in the dough why do they need tax cuts, that's right to fuck over the middle class and poor, U corp kiss ass.
LIE
Hey Carlo where's  your green card buddy! You chose a womans face! Welcome to LA! PROVES YOU SIR R NOT AMERICAN! FAKE ACCOUNT, FOREIGN I.P.
I am a woman
I bet they haven't you lying slimeball
Dividends are roaring, not jobs. But then, you know that.
Oh so they can afford to pay more to help America? P
Good to know
remember this tweet? Yet you now falsely complain USA has highest tax rate?  Also,  how is this needed, based on all that $$ being made?
You are setting up more networks to get money to go into your own means right #POTUS? Everybody knows!
But when are they going to pass those profits down to the workers??
You're like the wolf of Washington
And what exactly does that have to do with you?
#Resist
Next time your around some of those corporate bosses please ask them to start letting it trickle down. Bring Back the Middle Class
Need tax relief for corporations and for all
Corporations don't exactly trickle it down, but you wouldn't know that.
Facts please, show us the numbers. I can make up statements as well but they mean nothing without the facts.
Just a bunch of bots generating there bs this morning
we,the implanted torture vics want support & compensation for the years of hell.get the truth out. Rnm sucks
Rich get richer
Well, it is all about the corporations, right?  

Economy 101. It takes 18 months to see progress.

Thanks, President Obama.
Thanks Obama!
Now the corporations need to spread the bounty to their employees who are partners in the enterprise
But somehow not being passed on to the workers. Wages stagnated. Time for the American worker to rise up and demand better pay #FightFor15
You are one tweet away from blaming Hillary from something, I feel it.
Things are only great right now if you are delusional.
The rest of the sane people see: healthcare in crisis from sabotage, climate in crisis from sabotage, foreign relations in crisis...
Can't deny or bad mouth that can you. Thank you Mr President,
Liar,Liar hair on fire
He's talking Trumpish again. If they are they are not advertising the fact, like himself.
Great! Time to talk about corporations paying their fair share and reducing corporate tax breaks subsidies.
clean water for flint?
It is all fake data.
Thank You! Mr. President. Keep up the great work and spirit. We love you and your family.
You are horrible!
#incomeinequality
What about every day people. What r u going to do to help us? We want tax breaks to.
Give you a job? Oh  I forgot, many folks don't want a job, just a pay check. Working folks have tax breaks.
Good raise their taxes!!
Why so they can't function then have to go back overseas. Left has already tried that. Increase taxes is not the answer.
Lowering taxes for the rich isn't the answer!! They will still go overseas you think trump and ivanka will make their junk here? Nope
Don John the retarded!
That's what it's ALL about!! Free enterprise what I was doing b4 d #JacksonDuel interfered w/my @advocatehealthcase!! #liberty #freedom
Wow. Really? So, then, yay corporations?! Go Wall Street?! Kind of a reversal, but whatever
stripping wealth from "the people" will only end in disaster makes me wish forrest gump was pres
He already has been the past 8 years.

No thanks to ... oh, never mind.
You suck shut up no one cares about you!
Now its time you start helping the people who make these businesses all their money.  Focus on increasing wages and minimum wage.
economy at this point has nothing to do with you
Wrong. It has everything to do with him.
If true, why would companies leave the US? Why do they need a tax cut? Why aren't companies begging to come to US? Get your story straight.
more exaggerating...yawn...
Make them pay tax? 

Sorry... Foul language,  there
We would like to thank president Obama for these numbers. You don't go into office and 6 mths the economy has exploded. Hahah dream on trump
Thanks to president Obama! The credit goes where it's earned.. we want to thank this godly man for the great 8 yrs he gave this country!!
You don't seem to realize that making corporations $$ isn't your main job. Helping USA's PEOPLE (not corps) is what a POTUS should be doing.
Tell that to my former employers.
So why aren't wages going up accordingly?
Great! So when will it trickle down?
Yup, because of the tax cuts you promised to your wealthy friends.
Thanks Obama
i think you mean corruption. not corporation
Like the TRUMP brand on the backs of Americans!
Gfys
Deplorable !!!! No self respect much less respect for nations President. Many couldn't stand Obummer but didn't get disrespectful "to" him.
Liar.
Fox has ALWAYS been fake news and yet that's the one you choose to believe?
Fox is the only channel that researches the truth and reports it good or bad. Other channels are left wing propandists.
Foxtrot and F*cktards
you're lining your pockets is in your only accomplishment is taken more vacations then president Obama What are you hiding?
Oh yeah!!!Stuart Varney is the best!
Its ironic that you hace done nothing and are taking credit for the 7 years of job growth that started during @BarackObama presidency
Donnie, what about the average and poor americans?
What about us people.  Do you care about is or just the ceos and shareholders??
@POTUS has lawmakers between rock & hard place. Continue to get weathy with lobby groups or represent the needs of the ppl. Swamp gas stinks
Exactly!  Stay on Task!  Turn that ship toward success and leadership for the world!
Corporations aren't people. Just to be clear. And it's PEOPLE who need to see increased wages, security and healthcare.
But corps have to be able to make money after all expenses...operating costs,  employees wages, employee benefits, etc.
What about the employees?
You are the Ruler of bullshit If they squeeze your head bullshit would pop out
What about the people, shit-for-brains? Corporations are NOT people.
Yeah, let's continue to pay those CEO's all that money and take away benefits and raises for those that actually do the work!
Corporations are making so much money they can now pay a $15.00 minimum living wage, right?
Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters LIKE YOU don't you mean !
Are PEOPLE?
What a crock of crap
Wrong!
you don't get it do you?  It's not about corporations, it's about the people. You will never get it.  Delusional and old orange fake news.
Yep #thanksObamaForAllTheGoodYouDid
If so much profit, why cut business taxes? Where is wage growth? All going to executives? Shameful!!
Too bad the poor and middle class are suffering under your presidency.  How about helping the hungry , the poor and the homeless?
And quit calling the people who didn't vote for him/disagree with him 'the enemy'?
Feed the swamp!
I get a big fat F! U have done nothing but lie, cheat, racism, hate and fraud
Unemployment was at 4.8% already!
Unemployment is at 70% in the White House! Every time he hires someone he saids good man the best "Thumbs up" Then your fired!
That's what happens when you starve your workers of a living wage
Opinion! Not a fact!
Bull shit... Blah, blah blah
If Trump makes it to the end of his term the unemployment rate will be higher than it was the day he took office.  I'll bet on it.
What about their EMPLOYEES??? And what about the CONSUMERS??? Think corps. will pay fair amount of taxes????

Sun shines on a dog's ass every know and again. You doing one thing right doesn't change how horrible you are at everything else.
Does nothing for the everyday man. This money is not being passed on to the laborers.  Only your fat cat cronies are making all the money.
Corporations making more money, sounds about right.
latest ANTICS/CIRCUS: STUART VARNEY (August 1, 2017; 9:03 EDT) #FOXnewsus #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Isn't it funny that at this time last year JOBS were increasing at the same rate.
So then no reason to cut their taxes...
Right? Right?
Delusional!
Take away all regulations, promise to reduce all taxes. No brainer. Long term fallout. Biz does great workers still struggle.
So cut their taxes. Give them more money and fu$k the poor. You cu&t!
And how does that help the other 99% of us?
Microsoft still wins over your companies that you still have a hand in including that Producer role you have, so please explain or get out

corporation profits don't equate to jobs produced, the CEOs just buy bigger yachts. quit screwing the american public.
Thanks for the Obama administration
Hahahaaha, idiots!
Starting? Have you lived in a cave the last 7 years?
3 Years, 5 Months, 19 Days, 3 Hours, 56 Minutes, and 1 Second
How many days do you have left?

Didn't you say you will look out for the people, not corporations?
The stock markets not the indicators of massive job growth.They're rising on the myth of governership that will not happen.We deserve better
Russia has your number & Americans are in a stranglehold because of your bad business deals. We will be great again when you are safely gone
And you've never made so much money raping America, aoong with the #TrumpCrimeFamily. #Resign #LockThemAllUp
I'm still broke, what jobs you talking about? Tweeting?
More money means more profits, not more jobs. There is a big difference.
It's Reaganomics Redux
Trickle down doesn't work. Especially when you're rich & greedy.
Thanks Obama
You're doing a great job Mr President @POTUS despite receiving very little support from @GOP leadership. History making!
Drain the swamp. Drain the swamp. Drain the swamp. Drain the swamp. Drain the swamp. Drain the swamp. Drain the swamp. Drain the swamp. NOW
By the way, have you signed the sanctions bill or is it in the file with your taxes?
Corporations are not people.   Will you ever do anything for real Americans?   Resign and give the people back their house.  #TraitorTrump
Hes dumb
Thanks, Obama!
Obama had seven years of job growth.   Slowing with you.  Never too late for you to learn economics.

Get this right, it's not u.   Every president has a lag of success/failure up to 10 mos. after they leave.
"Congress has NEVER been this dysfunctional when they controlled three branches of government." Thank you @realDonaldTrump
Still riding Obama's coatails.
Wow, shame most workers are still trying to survive on starvation wages
So tell me why they need tax brakes then?
Unfortunately, corp greed has taken over. Profits don't get reinvested in people, plant & equip like it used to. Goes to executives, stock..
The more money are printed the more money is in possession by corporations
@FoxNews Is Trumps Propoganda Arm!
We love u...keep up the good work!!!! Ignore all the hell bound evil haters!
Too bad the common man can't share your enthusiasm.
Bonuses for all the CEOs!
Great excuse if corps are doing so well, they should pay more of their fair share.  No excuse for rich wage gap!  Tax the wealthy!
I call Bullshoot on you and Lying Varney, Cherry picking news, Lies.
The only people that made out the last 16 years is medical, drug companies and politicians that made money sending our jobs elsewhere.

Why can't I get a raise?????
Thanks Donny boy, for caring about the rich corporations making more money while they hoard it all from the middle class on down.
I guess if we want those new jobs we should move to China to get them eh?
Trolls are doing nothing to better this economy
Meanwhile inflation is at 1%, indicating companies and wealthy ppl hoard $, in stock market while worker's wages remain stagnant.
3 John 1:2
#Beloved, I pray that you may prosper in all #things and be in #health, just as your #soul [1/2]
Rawr XD
You haven't changed any economic policy so these jobs are still Obama's fool
You just watch Fox and Friends all day don't you? Pretty soon it will be mandatory viewing
It already is at HHS.  All Tubes are on Fox.
The White House has NEVER been as dysfunctional as it is now.
How does General Kelly feel about working alongside Ivanka?
Looking forward to serving alongside John Kelly as we work for the American people. General Kelly is a true American hero. 
General Kelly loves working around people who were never democratically elected. Like himself.
Scary that we've gotten to the point where we are hoping for a General to step in and run the country properly.
That's when our country becomes a military junta, not a democracy.
Nepotism, generals, corruption... this is the stuff of banana republics.
Jobs don't roar. Lions roar. Crowds roar. Esp crowds of American #Resistors when #Karma catches up to you! #AndSheWill #SheAlwaysDoes
Now, if only they'd pay taxes! Oh wait, only stupid people pay taxes...
What about the people who buy the products and pay the taxes? When can they make soooo much money?
POTUS, we know you R the man and know your successes. Stop selling and pull together that spineless GOP and get them eating out of your hand
He has to keep selling to offset the negative perception the media is pushing every day. Perception is everything. I agree with the GOP part
I agree with the perception thing, but that is what alienates him with the dumbOcrap morons. A little less ego and more GOP corralling 
No reason he can't do both. I love watching him drive Dems crazy 
LOL!
Liberals have foreigners on twitter pretending to be American to attack us and you! We see through the faceless accounts! Love u sir!
Ugh. That's the problem. Why aren't we seeing increased wages? Corporations are hoarding cash. For what? To buy up treasuries? #middleclass
Too bad no trickle down. Wages are flat. SAD!!!
Corps are not people and their profits are NOT a measure of well being.  The deregulation you are trying is fueling wild speculation!
Give me a break  - President Obama's success!  Lazy golfing gangster!  Liar!
You  are  owesome  .
