poor DJT ...  since no one want to touch those lil baby hands .. why don't u just fist bump ? ... to "ethnic" for ur base ?
like CubanAir?CubanSteaks ? oh please .. you're businesses & this Presidency are all scams! Ur a hustler in a Armani suit.
@realDonaldTrump and you are. You can't read
You proved anyone can be president. Qualified or not.
Neither were you
#BeBest
neither are you...yet here we are #45
Was he dumb enough or smart enough to have once supported you running for president
I totally agree. He says a lot of mediocre things..
I agree and he has   a big head. He bought into the shell bobber for $80 K 33% but my bobber is like you Great. I sent  some to Tom Brady last week for luck and he won! Take care mr president Bobberman!
Mr. President I support you but some of your tweets don't make sense.Cuban isn't worth saying his name.
Mr President we don't care about cuban
I am glad though POTUS punched back.  Cuban keeps running his mouth!
@mcuban Cuban is an arrogant ass who really is irrelevant
Cuban is an a$$ and he is irrelevant!
we know  @mcuban is just another hack for #CrookedHillary! His jealous that you beat him becoming 1st outsider 2B POTUS!!!
is another Crooked @HillaryClinton!  LOL, remember this Mr know it all--->>  https://youtu.be/aPmSOTvNtsQ 
Maybe he's smart enough to know he shouldn't, which is more than we can say for some.
I'm sure most anyone would offer him a loan. He doesn't need the Russian mafia.
You might be the temporary occupant of the White House, but you never have had the country.
BY THE WAY THE CHARGE UP SAN JUAN HILL IS BULL (bullmoose party)
Hey Donald.   Grow Up!
any citizen over age of 35 can run for president. you're proof even a egotistical bigot can win.
Anything possible in USA
oh did someone hurt you itty bitty feelings
Neither are you.
fuck me! If you are the symbol of American intelligence, we are ALL doomed
You know you are the president, right? BTW Mark Cuban is much smarter than you and has more money and a hotter wife old man
I believe he said he'd rather lose every penny he has than have you as president . Liar .
more like he's not Russian enough.
....Who???.......Exactly.
Tell them Mr President! !
#realitycheck. Who gives a crap what you think of Mark Cuban. Only pathetic, insecure, jealous people say things like that.
@StephenBanon @Reince @KellyannePolls one word ... bigly 
this the best you can do sitting on youre gold toilet?
You lie about EVERYTHING!!
thats a straight lie! Anyway, who gives a shit about @mcuban right now! You are the @POTUS. Get to work
uh-oh Daymond, you are next to feel the wrath of Twittler-in-Chief
another trumpy tantrum?! At this point my middle schooler is better qualified to be president than you!
Delete your presidency.
it doesn't take any intelligence to run for President.  It takes intelligence to realize you aren't fit for the job.
never gets old, & yes,
Sore loser @mcuban is in it
https://youtu.be/ahkMA6JPOHU 
And still no comment on your follower in Quebec who conducted a terrorist attack.  #Unpresidential
And you were?! Hahaha.
R u kidding me! This is scary as shit that the man that would be President doesn't get how wrong this is on so many levels.
your twitter is so presidential.
since when is smarts a prerequisite? George W. Bush, D. Trump, that makes it 2/3 not so smart
WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU?
Also Mr. Cuban threw serious billionaire shade at you re: your tax returns during the election cycle 
"Big time"? Which is why he endorsed HRC and constantly spoke out against you?  #delusional #babyhands #idiottrump
AND GROW UP already. This isn't a TV show! You are running the country (into the ground BTW!!!!!!!)
Not smart enough? Dude you have like an 18 word vocabulary.
And then he said someone else wasn't smart enough to be president.
if by backing you big time, you mean wanted no part with you or your fraudulent campaign, then yes, you are correct.
what a great endorsement! Sad!
and here's one from your news source, just to make sure we are on the same page. Next outrageous, alternative fact lie plz?
..President Obama was right – you are not fit to be President of the United States.
You teeet about this but have nothing to say about Flynn? You petty, delusional, orange fraud!
Hahaha. At least Mark Cuban earned his money -- no rich daddy -- and, unlike you, he can read
curious as to how much money you have earned. You seem to know a lot about it.
Enough, thanks.
Yea I bet you are reeling it in from your blog... LOL!
That's OK. I have a house with no mortgage, and more than one pension. Unlike @realDonaldTrump I've earned it all, too ;-)
he didn't just set on that money his dad gave him. Turned it into billions, name on buildings all over world & President.
Most @realDonaldTrump businesses failed, so no US bank would lend him money, so basically he just rents out his name.
you blog for a living so I understand you know nothing about business. Bankruptcy is sometimes part of it...  still earned it

yeah Trump is laughing now hahaha
Are you're sure you are? Stop tweeting in order to put down others, and fix the United States Of America!
Maybe the real news is ... Hew was more than smart enough NOT to run for President!
you are truly delusional
Mark Cuban would be a thousand times better than you at this gig.  Make that a million. Unqualified!
you seem to have too much time to waste. Mark Cuban is young and smart unlike you
mark Mark Cuban didn't back Trump he backs Clinton
. Agree, If he backed you he must be brain dead. But still, a bit rich, coming from the dumbest President in human history
YOU aren't even smart enough to be President.
Yeah but neither were you and look what happened! Miracles do happen
He called you out, and he was right! #TrumpPressConference #TrumpFakeNews #LiarInChief #Flynnghazi #Putinspuppet
Bullshit!
Your smart enough?
Stop.
LMAO you are absolutely right.
I support my President but for the love of god plz stop tweeting stupid crap that doesn't pertain to the office #fuel #fire
you've been at it a short time and still managed to piss of a quarter of the world in less than a week.
Says the embodiment of incoherence & incompetence.
SO sick of your immaturity  - Mark Cuban 2020!! Hes a hell of a better man than you!
@mcuban BTFO
if you can do it anyone can do it.
and it's obvious you're not smart enough to be President.
#whoneedssmartstobePOTUS?
@mcuban Cuban has a heart and@conscience and is an actual billionaire businessman unlike the fantasy potus #presidentbawbag
Mr. Trump, insisting that people like you even when they say they don't reveals how insecure you are.

clearly it doesn't take brains. Only money.
are you really qualified to claim who is smart to run the country? Only been 28 days and we have yet to see intelligence
the nuclear triad is made up of land missles, sub ballistics, and air bombers. In case you needed that explained mr pres.
you mean he wasn't crooked, hypocrital, sexual assaulter, small handed enough like you???
That's a load of bullshit you got in he can't be worse than that
He's smart enough to avoid driving his businesses into bankruptcy 6 times. Also pays his contractors. You should try it.
Mark Cuban made his billions, is he against "Making America Great Again" allowing other Americans to prosper. Seems so?
ya dogshit brain!
Stop pointing fingers, stop the name calling, you look like a God damn 12 year old.
You have got to be kidding!!! You have got to be the most immature man ever!!!
that's not intelligence that made you run for POTUS. It's called ignorance and narcissism.
@themaytrix23. Damn.. Issa shade this one
broad shade @realDonaldTrump
Cuban would run the US better than you. You are horrible
Why do U ALWAYS blame Hillary, Dems or news' for YOUR ignorance? It's U who's in bed w/ Goldman Sachs, ExxonMobil & Putin!
neither are you.
oh god the irony. Not even our "president" "orange troll doll" could see that irony
neither were you yet here we are
neither are you
what about Jesse Ventura? You know him well right? I think you should still have him as the main guy to "Drain the Swamp."
You lowered the bar quite a bit!
1st and only time I agree with u
He is smarter, richer and way more attractive than you! And he is sane. Sad for you.
I'm on the bottom, your on the top, and the middle is the SGDI system, that covers both top and bottom, that's the design.
Then why was he constantly being interviewed endorsing Clinton?
From someone with a fairly low IQ, you've got nothing to say, Cheeto. Mark Cuban is VASTLY smarter than you, face it.
talk about coming out of left field!
you don't have to be smart to be president of United States, your Proof of that.
funny, I remember him in Hillary's front row. Fake news, DT?
Remeber, you for the American people. Stop tweeting senseless crap and get to work, or just quit! You owe it to the people!
neither are you but here you are...disgusting
you sir, have lowered the bar to historic levels.
Cuban backed you until he finally figured out we (you) were going to win. The guys a NOID.
I too know @mcuban. I guarantee he'd be a better #President than you could ever hope to be, you have failed our country.
In the real world, he slammed you at every turn. Not supported you. He is richer and funnier than you and DID not support.
MARK CUBAN FOR PRESIDENT!!!
4/ Your VP, cabinet & staff are the Swamp. 
You deserve to be impeached. Patiently waiting w/millions of Americans.
You aren't smart at all and still not my president.
are you twelve?  i'll keep asking this question until you answer or stop acting like a foolish child
you are not smart enough to be a human be carful how you treat others it will come back to you on the way down 
Do you really think you're smart? Why can't you form a logical thought or a complete sentence?
if you can run for president, anyone can.
This is beneath your office Mr President
@bberghofsr he's done Nothing but Trash you on Twitter
I agree!
Why do you publically attack others? Don't you know that trying to make others look bad just makes you look weak?
I don't understand the continuous need to put people down. Can you explain?
hahahahahahahahah he hates you! You are such a liar!!Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah
you have people read and write to and for you. Are you even capable of reading a book beginning to end?
can you believe this man is on this site, commenting on Mark Cuban, you are a sitting president. Come on man
RUDE! Come on Trump....
you know, I'm, like, a smart person
ladies and gentleman this man shows us you really can become anything in the world with our proper vetting or credentials
very presidential... Or not. What a jackass.
I have no idea how you are president...
why don't you @ him next time if you're gonna talk all that talk  @mcuban
Why do you fear your critics?
WHY?
Was @MCuban not "first at Wharton;" did he not "graduate with honors?"
Oh wait... NEITHER DID YOU!
#Trump #LIAR #Fraud
If u were half the man MCuban is, u might have a chance at being an ok POTUS, but since ur not, u r a terrible POTUS! SAD!
Mr. Minority President Trump, will you ever be presidential?
He looks and talks more Presidential than you, and that must bother you greatly.
you're a sad, strange little man, you will never have my pity
did-you-actually-graduate-high-school?
He's smarter than you are and doesn't bankrupt his businesses. You're jealous enough to make this statement. #loser
how dare you. he's a shark.. #markcuban2020
no need to impune his intelligence -just say he went astray in his political sympathies.
Neither are you #DOYOURJOB better yet #DOADIFFERENTJOB
You have dumbed down the presidency enough.
I can believe that , he got his itty bitty feewins hurt and now he's lashing out like a 3rd grader ... I believe that 100%
#markcuban said he'd short sell if @POTUS @realDonaldTrump was elected, he'd b fucking broke now hes liar 

@TuckerCarlson
Pot meet Kettle.
Didn't stop you now did it? :)
we have a president who acts like a 6 year old!  My dog is better behaved!  This demagogue has to go!
Two peas in a pod? If wishes were gumdrops....
he is smart enough to kick your ass in business even without a small loan of a million dollars from daddy.
neither are you! Our special thanks to Russia!
pot calling kettle black
