mosaic painting over tile, 21"x31", make me an offer I can't refuse, michael.newman29@aol.com, in person pickup (Buffalo, NY), reluctant to mail something like this
I painted over tile for added depth and texture, like a relief sculpture... Part of my inspiration for this is mosaics by Chuck Close.
Originally, the painting was named after my long distance model, but she has since turned into something resembling a goddess, so back in 2016 I renamed the painting Jade. A perfected version of the model. Her spirit. The goddess within.
This beauty was my long distance model... I'm not an obsessed fan, just a fan... Back in the early 2000s, I was looking at a number of different celebrity portraits, but this particular portrait spoke to me. She had this look of cautious optimism, so I went with this one.
“Dum, dum, dum, dum-da dum, dum-da dum.”
This is why I arranged the tiles with the beveled side facing up. It reminded me of Star Wars. I wanted those channels. The flat side of the tiles just didn't interest me. Too flat.
Like the easel I made with a step ladder and yardsticks?.. I'm such a broke broke.
Hatsup to President Donald J Trump is the first of kind as said proudly that  buy
That isn't even a remotely coherent statement
Except for all those visa waivers you applied for for foreign workers at your winery & resorts!!!
Yep, 144 job openings last year, 1 American hired
What happened to "HIRE AMERICAN"?  https://np.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/7x9w5r/3_trump_properties_posted_144_openings_for/du6nn8e/ …
blowhard dotard always lyin like a rug 
Ty! We believe in u America finally has hope again MAGA!
What happened to America first, #MAGAt?
Mar a Lago filled over 100 positions with foreign workers.
Love u mr t
Hang in there Mr. President.... don't show the enemy your best hand!
America is the land for everybody who love to lives there
BS
Suuuuuuuuuure.
Just don't buy your Chinese made crap!
Except for @IvankaTrump, and Trump Towers.
You forgot rule #3, be a hypocrite
Liar.
GO PRESIDENT DONALD JOHN TRUMP, I SUPPORT YOU
The guy that hired 1 American out of the 144 hired last year. You support that.
Like your great, beautiful, bigly hats
.@realDonaldTrump "Hire American"? 

Just days after election you applied to hire foreign workers
.@realDonaldTrump ur gonna have a 3 AM twitter conniption fit
Lowest in History. Low Energy. #Sad
Lots of open space in first 2 squares too-sad! @FrizzleFelicity @realDonaldTrump
I've been watching inauguration for decades.  I never knew before they put white tarps down
create jobs by legalizing marijuana #micdrop
it's up to each state to pass law. It needs to be legalized everywhere for simple fact it helps many ppl.
as long as it's federally illegal impossible to bank, travel from state to state, do normal research etc
my son has Young Onset Parkinson's @ 36 he's going to have implants in his brain but CBD oil he can't have
please message me I can help
I tried to message you but it said that I can only message people who are following me.
does this mean you will be bringing your companies TO AMERICA? Or are you just blowing smoke up everyone's hind end?
I will when you do!
Except when it comes to anything that has the Trump name on it right?  Those go mostly to ChYYYYna.  Hypocrite.
when the fuck did you ever follow those rules?
reading tweets from everyone  reminds you with free speech  you get what you paid for so keep showing your ignorance folks
yes yes
"We will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN & HIRE AMERICAN!" 

I say: Immigrants are American. 
Join me in replying to @realDonaldTrump
THE first one who uses twitter to govern a country
Still waiting for THIS to happen. Where were your hats made? CHINA!  Sad.
Out of 100,000 sperm, you were the fastest?
Buy American, hire American and marry Foreign obviously
how does that play when billionaires send all the jobs out of country and blame immigrates for lack of work
you and all your picks are not good for the people 
Minecraftcrazy530
why aren't your" Make America Great Again"
hats made in "AMERICA"!
When are you & Ivanka moving production to US? Why won't you use only US goods at your hotels?
Or are you a hypocrite?
Buy American & hire American. Fire Alternative (Fact) Americans!!!!!!
the #AlternativePresident
#pixoritdidnthappen
- why didn't you follow those before?
YOUR WIFE & DAUGHTER WILL BE HARD PRESSED TO DRESS  AMERICAN!!!
So why are your hats made in China?
Congrats Donald. Good ideaAll global competitors will love you for that
are you moving your multiple out of country businesses back?
FloridaLivingQuartersInteriorDesign American brands are presented 1st @HunterDouglas @LexingtonHome @BernhardtInc +
When will you start?
except your hats, your suits, your ties or your wives #liar #bullshit #loser
why are Americans better than other people that's kind of selfish just sayin
lol because your clothing line is made in China. Ivanka's too. Hypocrisy much?
at least he has his own money not like Obama and Hillary the ones that like to steal and give it to some fucking Muslims
love it!!!!
but wont that policy hurt you and ivankas sales? you know the made in china/mexico stuff.
If you were half as funny as you think you are, you would be twice as funny as you are.
when are you going to move Trump product manufacturing to the USA?

Why did you buy your INAUGURAL HATS in CHINA, then?
how about alternitive energy to creat jobs?
sir you may say MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. But the fact is that AMERICA is all ready GREAT and you would only make it worst.
Are you bringing back your manufacturing plaint back from China/Mexico?
that will certainly make a difference in making America Great Again.
Then why are all your "make America great again" hats made in China and Vietnam.
-your own goods aren't made in America. Wish we had someone we could really look up to - so sad :(
Americans won't even do half the jobs the people your trying to deport will do
Stop bullying fat people, they have enough on their plate.
make your hats in America. Poor taste to do otherwise
Learn from your parents mistakes - get sterilized
Yay!!! Where did those red MAGA hats come from? #china
yes
Your own brand of ties are made in China!!!
when will you bring your clothing business back to America?
are you planning to go out naked from now on? What are you going to wear? Nothing is made in Un-united States of America
like your daughters overseas sweatshops? #TrumpDementia
What's meaning sir?
.@realDonaldTrump but not build American?  The keystone pipeline is to be built by Canadians.  You'll be profiting, so that counts huh?
am with you all the way.
. So we will be able to see a transparent report that everything purchased by the govt was sourced from US manufacturers?
What about your own inauguration hats, made in China? Start by bringing your own manufacturing jobs back to the US.
Will your merchandise production be moved back to the US as well?
So why are you buying Chinese suits, and Ivannaripyouoffknockoffs sells clothes made in China, not America?  Dbl standards
Than why did you have all your hats made in China??
you truly need to LIVE BY EXAMPLE!! Why do your clothes have YOUR name by "made in Mexico" or "made in China"
#liarliarliar
you mean like your ties and shirts made in China?  Do you know what a hypocrite is?
America!: build better products, and then we'll buy them. No charity purchases.
Amen!
Yes, I just applied to the NSA today! I will make a difference!! Respectfully, Susan Hemann
remind me again how many times did your company go bankrupt? And ur in charge of a country?
o Donald wont you buy me a Mercedes Benz?
your shit is made in china!
You are the greatest accident mother nature has ever encountered
Funny,  Your own ties and shirts say made in China.
Does this mean you are bringing back your factories from MEXICO, EUROPE and CHINA? HOW many people can you employ in US?
I’d like to see things from your point of view, but I can’t seem to get my head that far up your ass.
Except for you and your cheap products. Cuz you're special.
"yes because isolationism has been proven successful throughout history said no one ever - other than you"
Time to have all your products made in America.
You are running up the wrong tree; you are very smart; figure it out.
start with yours and Ivankas products please
I have an Ivanka Trump coat. Made in China.
you mean @POTUS follows one set of rules for himself and expects everyone else to follow a different set? Say it ain't so!!
except Trump brand, of course. Then buy China!
Bring your own shit back home for manufacturing. You are about as UNAMERICAN as they come.
What if most of them are just lazy? That's why they don't have jobs? #justsaying
isn't carrier getting a tax cut for moving jobs to Mexico? Or did you forget already?
obviously doesn't want us buying merchandise with his name on it
You're so fake that Barbie is more real than you.
.@realDonaldTrump So no more government contracts to foreign contractors (and yes, Israel IS still a foreign country) ?
practice what you preach.
so, no trade deal with the UK when the time comes?
can I please become American?
and shoot d indian, in case if you forgot the third rule
these are business, marketing rules NOT political rules and the differences are big 
crack down on companies hiring illegal immigrants, those jobs need to go to welfare recipients !!!!
Out of 100,000 sperm, you were the fastest?
start with your own companies, you hypocrite!  even your hats at the inaugural were made in China!
except for your products, right? Where are your ties and hats manufactured? Where do your companies buy their materials?
salut monsieur le président
So, why were all your hats made in Vietnam?
All talk, no action.  I bet women are used to that from you.  *sigh
says the man that can't even buy his wives here
How about implementing that policy with your own businesses first? Real leaders lead by example!
how about you make your suits in America?
Starting with your own businesses after you divest from them?
AARP   that stands for AARON...and over here your owmen are still botehring....God picked up me becuase of this: lights
R trump ties shirts etc & ivanka dresses now made in USA? America check trump stuff 4 Made in USA labels HYPOCRITE in chief
but YOU do not even follow that RULE taking your merchandise overseas.  FRAUD.  Crooked Trump. You know you are a fraud too
you hats, shirts n ties n suits are made in China
all we want is to mine coal we dont want handouts from anyone we just want to work plz help pres trump need to feed our fam
Has your son Eric heard this or are there double standards for your family??
but never you I guess
You need to add 2 more rules: 1) we will shut down businesses knowingly hiring illegals; 2) illegals will hen self deport
- all except YOU
Starting with your businesses, I assume?
Building that wall all around the US then?  You won't be needing the rest of the world anyway?  Good luck with that.
USA,USA!!
You must be the arithmetic man; you add trouble, subtract pleasure, divide attention, and multiply ignorance.
Could've started with your inauguration gear.
I'm a hopeful American. You have my trust, please handle it well and be a good human.
Seems to be Putin's two simple rules as well.
And when the rest of the world decides to buy elsewhere what will u do...war?
Good look Mr President Donald Trump
Great job Trump. Retrievergene
when did you start buyibg American?
man that's awesome (((())))
You mean the same way you make your clothes in China and Mexico #hypocrisy
So no more "Trump" brand clothes everybody.  You heard the President.
You're an accident waiting to happen...it's a good thing I didn't wait that long
Just bring back my America as soon as the Russians are through playing with it
Mr.President, lead by example, so have you closed down your shop in China where they make your clothes.
Thank you Mr. President.
Why are your products made in China?
KelleyAnn suggested instead of believing your words and actions, look into your heart? How? It's and EMPTY DARK HOLE
You first. Good luck with it.
I’ve been called worse by better.
LOL  Considering you hired illegals, outsourced your business, brought in illegal Chinese steel, you're changing your tune.
you should practice what you preach
YOU CAN START BY MAKING YOUR SHITTY CLOTHES HERE TOO @realDonaldTrump
We will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN & HIRE AMERICAN!
#InaugurationDay #MAGA
A good idea. Maybe others will do it! Maybe other countries will, too!
SSDI/SSI raise would be nice
says the man manufacturing in Mexico , Bangladesh  and what 10 others. Wheres ties  being made u moved out of CO? 
