Energy for us and the world. Awesome thank you President Trump! Make America great again!
What type of energy matters. If it's fossil fuel based then is that a good thing? Why not find r&d into renewables and nuclear fusion?
President Trump got the special interest groups out of power we can now have clean energy solar wind and water! And some coal!
Most unlikely given you can't change the world price of energy or capital labor substitution so more fake news and outright lies once again
until the earth implodes
Thank you President Donald Trump for saving our sorry asses.
So, solar, wind, thermal, hemp? Oh wait you've been bought by oil and coal already.
Let's go nuclear it's cleaner than all others! I bet I won't get a single like (from a snowflake)!
A few issues I have: bombs, instability, waste.
But it's clean and aren't we supposed to be about clean for the snowflakes?
My point is it's not actually clean. We have tons of nuclear waste just sitting around. And I'm not sure why any1 wouldn't want clean energy
And wind turbines clean birds and solar panels fry them. So what say you?
We should be trying and improving (so it doesn't kill birds) technology which improves or world.  Makes us more independent?
Independent of what? You do understand that nothing provide energy like fossil fuels, do you really want us riding bikes to work? Cmon
Yes fossil fuel! It's the next big thing! Great for the planet! And the oil companies.  Renewable was the Revolution genius.
Go Mr. President!!!
We  You!
We  Winning!
Winning what ? Is this a gameshow ?

President Trump u r a true representation of an American president. Your leadership & love for this country has given us hope  again#MAGA
Coal is dead.ex-miners in W Va are now making a decent living installing solar.Obama didn't kill coal,it was natural gas.Real facts matter
This was prophesied.  New form of energy during your term.
Coal is not an energy revolution. You're setting us and our air and water quality back decades!
Praise God. Thank you, President Trump! Keep on moving forward. I know you are doing what is needed to #MAGA! We love our President!
The energy revolution has as much to do with coal as it does with a model T
I AM A REPUBLICAN BUT AFTER SEEING WHAT THE REPUBLICANS ARE DOING.
IN 2018 I ALONG WITH MY WIFE WILL VOTE INDEPENDENT
William Anderson
Trump speaks from the heart and not from a scripted redundant soapbox
If this means more renewable sources w/solar / wind along with e85, natural gas and electric incentives while tearing down oil dams, GREAT!
So sad that your followers actually believe these hollow statements as you are strip them from health insurance and a healthy planet etc
There is a true energy revolution happening already and u decided for our nation not to be a part of it. Thanks
Jobs, Jobs, Jobs,.....So proud of America's Jobs President!!... NOW,  "DRAIN THE SWAMP" quickly !!
Awesome
. WOOT WOOT!! #WinningBigly
There will not be millions of new old energy Jobs. The only real growth is in solar & wind, which you are discouraging #TRUMPFAKENEWS.
REMINDER: #NuclearEnergy IS NOT AN OPTION

#Fukushima Articles 
Why not it's cleanest of all? Snowflakes always picky!
#TurkeyHandsOffAfrin
#Save_Afrin_From_turkish_terrorism
You tell me girl. See that's why I like you.

I only buy Made in America. no China stuff ever. #YulinDogMeatFestival
Thank you President Trump 
Canadian Oil & Coal ; Buy Canadian .
We Can Help supply the US .
@GingerRogersUSA  Our President is doing a great job. America is blessed. Thank you President Trump.
Corsa Coal mining permit obtained in 2013.  Now who was president then?  President Obama.  Nice try Trump.
Yes. Wind & Solar, emergent battery technology. All renewables. Glad you agree. #ClimateChange  #AmericanIngenuity
GAZILLIONS AND BAJILLIONS!!!!!!!!!
We are...it's being spearheaded by the great tech advances in solar. #SolarEnergy #greenarmy
I think it's just called pollution. More pollution. Death of the  !  Sad. Sad. Sad.
Yeah we might be on the verge of a revolution thanks to your failed Presidency but I don't think it's what you are thinking it will be
The man inspires dreams of things that others say can't be done.Trump gives better speeches than JFK ever did #maga #tcot #ccot #ctot #pjnet
I highly doubt you ever read or watched a JFK speech ...or is bragging about grabbing women by the pussy now the new quality refeence?
The Kennedy's have a reputation of being womanizers.
How many of those "TRILLIONS" will come from tax subsidies for people who are already wealthy?
Make an example out of me! I need my Americanmade products And services to get some funding  much jobs for the unemployed revenue kept here
Thank you POTUS. Hopefully we can use the revenue from selling oil reserves to pay off our debts!

Christine Mcmullin
Farmington Missouri
@adagioforstring And good paying jobs to boot! Way better than a $15 minimum wage!
Thanks for continuing to put America first.  So refreshing!!
Yes! Wasn't it great that President Obama jump started green technology wind, solar. This technology is the largest job creator in years.
Good god. Millions of jobs? By exporting energy you haven't thought up yet?  #fakepresident
Yes - coal is the way to go. Who needs renewable energy - breathing is overrated
I'm wondering if the calculator app on your phone got deleted. Someone needs a refresher in decimals.
Then why did you buy only Chinese steel and allow it in the pipeline? Hypocrite!
No it won't clean energy creates more jobs. You're trying to destroy the environment to put money in rich people's pockets.


Fake news.
Excellent9
send some energy for Ghana please

Not forgetting more air pollution and possible contamination of underground water...learn to finish your tweets.
Strive 4 energy independence w/i th next 10 yrs. Develop all alternative energy sources including solar, wind, fuel cells, & water turbines.
Build more Nuclear Power Generating Stations. Mine 4 coal like it's going out of style. Mine 4 oil shale. Mine 4 peat. Mine for natural gas.
Damn the torpedoes! Let's start now drilling for oil in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge (ANWR) Province in Alaska. Drill 4 oil offshore.
What cheat code did you use for chat code for that unlock? #covfefe ?
Does THIS look like "Clean, Beautiful Coal" you Modern Day MORON?!
Coal????? Is that your idea?
Thank you Mr. President.
Lowering the MPG on new cars is not making us energy self supporting. It makes the US weaker and dependent on foreign oil.
Pls remove energy efficient regulations on manufacturers. It was another lefty scam imposed on biz 2 stifle innovation causing poor products
So we ARE going solar
LIAR
coal? oh i laugh my ass off at this maybe biggest lie yet
BEfore you start BRAGGING about your UNLEASHING plan and our ENERGY INDEPENDENCE: THANKS OBAMA! Just don't RUIN IT!
This is a great President thinking about American ppl. First. He cares sincerely.
No matter how often the lying left is exposed their sheep keep falling for the same trick over and over then make false accusations against
Its almost beyond belief that the alt-left anti-American, anti-Trumpers and their ilk can call POTUS a liar when their entire agenda is lies
Anything that gets rid of OPEC.
You will turn Americas polution back 50 years!
MILLIONS & TRILLIONS OF WEALTH FOR YOU AND YOUR CRONIES
The revolution is getting you out of office! That will be our Independence Day!
#Bullshit.  No we aren't, and no you're not.  Kinda like all the BS about the Ford & Carrier jobs.  No one of any import is listening to you
Trillions?  You are insane.
It's amazing, that a single person like Trump can be that stupid and crazy. Your energy policy will go into history as killer of the world!!
MAGA
Thank You Mr President..Please come to Northern Ohio Lake County for a rally..We would love to see you
Et dire que nous en France on a le minus Macron..
Great news
You are big lier
Obama cost the country 2 billion dollars incuding Solyndra Fiasco and other green loans that he made. Obama had no clue what he was doing
For #energy #PresidentTrump @realDonaldTrump PLEASE start using #HEMP!! It's #Natural, better than wood, plastic&strong as steel+ much more!
And, you're driving the Deep State, crazy. Go get em'. We're behind you 100%.
Number 1 President. Republicans for 16 years in the White House.
We're on the cusp of a true DISASTER thanks to you and the idiots in the Republican party.
America is already great!Now because of you, we are becoming the laughing stock of the world!Turn off the TV, put down Twitter, try to lead!
yes it will..... but only for the allready wealthy!! PAY YOUR TAXES
Stealing public lands that are not yours for energy czars
I'm beginning 2 feel like this is th only thing we're going 2C on Twitter--eventually. U need a time clock. U're 'working' for the public!
Go @SecretaryPerry
And destroying the environment! Your a creep
Keep up the excellent job ! We are so proud of you President Trump!
Still backing the wrong horses, Donnie
One of the worst mistakes in history was your father's failure to wear protection. Your mother could have still saved us by aborting. Too
Trillions in wealth for your millionaire sponsors.  It will trickle down to their families, not Americans who need it.
The next energy revolution being fossil fuel is as likely as the next computing revolution being giant room-sized mechanical computers.
That works
Stated like a truly ignorant man.
All these energy sources you tout are finite and pollute. If you want to be a real visionary, think of our future, and work for #greenenergy
WOO HOOO!!!  

 Now IGNORE LOSERS ON MSNBC - DON"T GIVE THEM RATINGS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Trillions in wealth for the top 1%
I WANT TO  SEE 20 MILLION DEPORTED AND THOSE WHOM HARBOR THEM
Your new energy policy will give TRILLIONS to the few on the backs of tens of MILLIONS of mid class and working poor.
No 1 cares. U overshadow the FEW accomplishments you've made w/your #BigBully . The  is  @ u. Find a cliff& jump. #Loser #NotMyPresident
Trillions for your friends not for the rest of us.  And don't forget the damage to our environment.  There's a real reason for regulation


How about paying all those workers you stiffed?  That's why you could not get a loan in USA you stiffed so many.
Hillary amd Bill are moral exemplars you think ?
This man is an idiot. Make America great again, my ass. Make it the laughing stock of the modern world more like. Get rid of him.
https://gujunews.in/ib-recruitment-2018/ …

IB Recruitment 2018: 134 posts have been taken up for recruitment, Such applications

Candidates who will be select for these posts will receive a salary between Rs 47,600 and Rs 1,51,100.
Millions? Really? And how many unemployed are there today. Certainly not millions. Where do you come up with these rediculas numbers? Are they "bigly" numbers?
Our new American Energy Policy will unlock MILLIONS of jobs &amp; TRILLIONS in wealth. We are on the cusp of a true ene…...
Why aren't we using Thorium?
complete bullshit.  #trumpuniversity
Hi
Yeah Trump. Finally a wise investment in non carbon belching earth broiling energy?
YOU ARE BELOW AVERAGE
Uh I don't listen to Psycho Paths and people who commit espionage against the US Ya yoy Trump Guilty
Why do you hate America??
In addition, will you make sure the jobs of everyone who serves the country are secure??
You should be in prison.  But we'll at least get your crazy ass out of our house!  Bye bye Donnie!  Lmao
Stop  your BS!!! Too much  shit going with Trump an Russia  he is kissing there ass now that's the truth
All for the haji's oil but no solar so we can get the hell away from the middle east & stop giving American
Lives up for cowards &there GOLD
Trillions for who???? Not the bottom 94%
#JusticeforVets
Whistleblower Tarref Simon needs help in bringing attention to the VA. https://twitter.com/refee00/status/880540730174967810 …
Your protect your nation i proud of you
You lies so much and only hurt America. All of you need to go.
millions & trillions? not to the unworking innocents that lost their homes in 2008 crash. only YOU and YOUR ALREADY-RICH FRIENDS. insulting.
Please Pahrump Nevada is windy, oregon is windy, Wind mills, and solar panels over nuclear!!!!   Solar powered cars with sun roofs!
yay!
Our new American Energy Policy will unlock MILLIONS of jobs & TRILLIONS in wealth. We are on the cusp of a true energy REVOLUTION.
As thay cuz all this problem
Of if left she will get blown up
Get on this now
What is she say for the world teaching kids
Get on this if had buff of her shit as she cont even be true to her self or Evan get her priorities straight and you call that a role model
#fullofshit
Trumprussia coverup
Such bullshit being spewed from your putrid gob, you're killing jobs and losing trillions in wealth! Congrats!
You mean REVOLUTIONARY FOSSIL FUEL POLLUTION AND LUNG DISEASE.
Another lie! It's getting old POSOTUS!
A revolution of disaster you really are a master of words
YIPPEE!
Love our POTUS
Trillions? Coal is a dead energy. Stop fucking around and realize renewables are the future, and America needs to lead in this arena
I've been trying to get help and you're ignoring me because they keep lying to you why don't you step up already
What revolution? You're just deregulating the use of the same resources we've had for years.
Energy Dept. led by man who wanted to shut it down. POTUS once again out of touch with America and his own Cabinet. Sad!
Your love of big oil is endangering the primary source of water for 18M ppl in America w/DAPL - oil totally for export #WaterIsLIFE Ok w/ U?
With coal! Too bad that they will get black lung disease and have no health care.
True.  A revolution is coming to restore America's former greatness  when you begin to unify and show compassion to all Americans.  NOTHING
But pollute our water and air with no regard to anything but profit.
While you use ALL CAPS to impress your base your policies will be like your legacy..tragic and laughable..
Germany has the right idea...what a buffoon!
And shave a thousands of years off of the life of our planet!
Only thing you're on the cusp of is insanity
Free energy for all seg machine
Free energy revolution go disclosure project
First of all you're most likely exaggerating the numbers...& you're not thinking of the long-term effects on the environment.
Inspiring speech Mr,President! Congratulations on your presidency! I know you will do great things!
And how much were you paid by the Koch Bros for your election campaign?
