Still believe this tweet by @realDonaldTrump back in August is one of the most important he has made. Indeed, radical Islamic Terrorism needs to be wiped off the earth ASAP.
A German Court has banned a local mosque call to prayers not bcoz of noise pollution but the content of the prayers when an elderly German couple complained that it put Allah over Jesus which is not acceptable one who grew up in a Christian environment
Thank you muchlyfor notifying moi about this news!
Radical Islamic Terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary! The courts must give us back our protective right...
Quem precisa de espião Russo se a verdade é clara 
Our protective rights is our dignity & privacy guaranteed by the Constitution. Not more surveillance!
.@realDonaldTrump IS Captain America! Remember: WWII Nazis were ALT-leftists like Democrats! "National SOCIALIST German Workers' Party".
"How many times must you fail?" ~Orphan (FFXIII), directly to Trump. #ResignNow #ImpeachTrump #NoBansNoWallNoRaids
Yea ...club but I dont like sea food because time is change and Taiwan 不需要任何人 國家的幫助 bitch
People who spread violence are not Muslims and Hence do not follow Islam
White Homegrown Terrorism
No other than Muslims can stop this, till Muslim thinkers dreaming control on world by sword.

The price we pay in Europe! All because of what the Obama administration did in Libya new African Muslim rapist undocumented coming to Italy
Stop them from entering. Take control of your country. It's no one's right to enter your country.
Unless . Biafra come africa will never free from radical muslem
Hahaha people are outta control... we must have strict control of who enters our country. It's our right to be protected.
哪來的法律？什麼是恐怖主義？美國說了算？美國算老幾！要比拳頭沒人在怕。聯合國只是一堆廢物的結盟。打也不敢打，殺又不敢殺。
安理會只是俱樂部 欺負弱小第一名 
法律在哪裡？
美國的命值錢 別的國家的命不值錢
這就是貴國的法。

Imnot cr.......bitch
What is Taiwan No4

What about Radical Domestic Terrorism, tough guy?
#PersianGulf
Why do you perpetuate myths and endanger Americans? Oh right, because you're pandering to your racist base. #TrumpResignNow

The world is watching you to do the right thing
Thank god you banned Chad and Venezuela.
ANTIFA should be stopped by any means necessary!!
So many twisted warped people do not understand that Trump represents your freedom and survival. Wake up Yanks ! Shame UK doesn't have him
Ppl in America have lost their repeact for others. Wish all President Trump haters wld move to a nother country.
Amen Mr. President
BUILD THE DAMN WALL
But you refuse to deal with White Supremacists in your own country. Arsehole.
So that's why you stopped tracking ISIS group, @ Russia's request? Stop your racist, inflammatory rhetoric. Do anything that doesnt hurt ppl
#Ghazwa
Unwanted/Unwelcome & Uninvited Muslim rapeugees/Islamic Invaders/Mujahideen mullahs/jihadi Madrassas & evil #Quran fucking fidayeens
just look into 9/11 and tell us the truth we have been lied to for so many years I personally don't believe planes destroyed the towers
I  am not afraid anymore. I Trust in the Lord and my enemies are defeated.
You must Be stopped
US State controlled teerorism and Israel State terrorism which you you support must be stopped.
Ooorah
You got my vote to do so. Great job so far. Keep it up, please.
What about USA as state promoting terrorism in the world in uniform identified bullism
What I dont get is White Supremacist like POTUS doesnt understand this country was formed by immigrants and founded by immigrants. Nazism?
Yeah we'll be tough alright, tough on getting you the hell outta our White House. What about islamic American terrorists who bombs the USA?
What about radical white supremacists and KKK that commit terroristic acts on American soil.
Sir, Go ahead.other world with u.....God bless u..
Vladimir Putin acts very effectively against Islamic terrorism !!! Do not forget it Mr. President!
cos throwing out a religion that isn't connect to terrorism is gonna help obviously
You should know,good luck.
Keep Believing!
Each and every day you verify my decision to go to the polls and cast my ballot for you.  Only Alternative, stay home, 1/2 vote HRC. #MAGA
"by all means necessary" are the words of an unprincipled authoritarian.
north korea has you by the balls all the tough talk is making you and the us look weak.
34%
Throw that constitution away! Give Dear Leader unlimited power! It is the only thing a democracy should do! Rule of law is for losers!



are you ever going to fucking understand that there are 3 branches of government? plus white supremacy terrorists are more dangerous here
What about white in-bred home made neo Nazi terrorism?
IwillsuggestyoutocreateaSuperCommandcontainingthebestroopcommandsofeachofthearmedforcesofallthemembersoftheInternationalCoalition.
Its weird. When you say "Radical Islamic Terrorism" even through Tweet, it comes across very hateful.
Second to oust the legitimate  govts of middle eastern countries.America is the financer radical islam
America holds double policy keeping in view the strategic importance of radical elements first it wants an end to the radical views
The initiative which was taken to radicalised islamic world was america.the seeds which were sown by america are now rife,huanting america.
God yes
Idiot...
Lot of envious comments, written by the pre-paid trolls
This radical terrorism includes you. Stop the bullshit!!
Mr Presidnt Pakistan fought unwantd war wd u post 9/11 & sacrificd lives & this shakn pak 4m it roots! Name 1cuntry who sacrificed tht much
Not tough on Radical KKK
Or the local sheriff in Louisiana I think? said "KILL EM ALL" every one of them. Knowing their intent to harm my fellow citizens. I agree.
I am in lot more concerned about domestic tourism.
The Holy Bhagvat Gita exhorts that one should shun weakness,be tough during crisis and to fight, as one's moral duty,against injustice,evil.
In the Holy BG,The Supreme Lord of the Universe tells Prince Arjun to shed weakness,be tough and to be a warrior against injustice and evil.
True.GreaterThan SENSES is TheMIND >StillGreaterREASON>StillGreater>TheSpiritedMan>HisPeaceShall Give Thee Peace>Be a Warrior against Terror
Obama replaced 383 judges and staff of Bush with his people. His network is and will be working against you.
Shame on you Trump. Stop the White Terrorists. HAVE TO BE TOUGH!!
Mr @realDonaldTrump what about right wing extremists
Shut up!!!
Once again you forgot, the judicial branch of the government is equal to the legislative and the executive branch of government.
We need to watch out for your radical stupidity first!
What about radical alt right terrorist?
How about radical white terrorists like the kkk ?
https://twitter.com/AriMuradd/status/902218526005583872 …
Radical white terrorism must be stopped BY WHATEVER MEANS NECESSARY,INCLUDING IMPEACHMENT OF THE WORST PRESIDENT IN THE HISTORY OF THE USA!
The KKK and Nazis need to be disband and the DOJ should investigate these homegrown terrorist groups. They are very un-American.
What is your plan to protect those that they target? Don't minorities have the right of protection from the government?
Mr President label the Muslim brotherhood and CAIR as terrorist organizations do not be fooled sir
Mr President label the Muslim brotherhood and CAIR as terrorist organizations cut the head off of the snake in America
It is not treated with aspirin. It cuts through the root where no cell can be left.
Hopefully the racists and white supremists will stop Islamic terrorism by the pardoning  of racist law enforcement officers
White terrorist need to be stopped once and for all.
@realDonaldTrump #YouAreTheTerrorist protecting your Caucasian friends with White Nationalist.
All the people do is demand your removal. Their total disrespect is beyond reason.
U say Radical Islamic, but not Radical kkk...#racist
100 percent behind you Mr.President.  I thank God everyday you are behind the Oval Office doing whatever has to be done.  God bless America.
Convert them to Christianity. Look to Spanish history for roadmap. Worked for them.
Thank you president Trump!
Who was when i was not me, USA started and keep supporting of ISIS
Get your racist buddies to stop domestic terrorism then talk about outside you stale onion patch.
Amen Amen Amen
u
Trump is an idiot. We have never had such a stupid President before. The word is always making fun of him, and he deserves it.
Also domestic terrorism needs to be stopped now
#RacistTrump
fox and friends aren't helping you. Little boys do homework.
MONSTER
Why don't you do something about domestic abuse? It would save FAR more lives.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS must be stopped by any means necessary! The courts must give us back our protective rights. Have to be tough

@POTUS You can't give into crazies. It like admitting they're right.
@POTUS You are doing a fantastic job. You're dealing with crazies. Liberals, Media & Democrats are out of their mind.
@POTUS Don't give into them. That's what they're hoping for. They're morons
Everyone knows you're just trying to incite the alt-reich to take up arms to defend you against impeachment.
Resign
This is your terrorist . You are very terrorist in the world  
@singebruyant Stop sponsoring it and occupaying the land.
Radical racists must be stopped. That would be you.
Iranian government,is major force behind Islamic radicals around the world,..they are takings over....
Iraq...Syria..Lebanon...Yaman!!
Hail Trump real stand-up realist action hero! This Brit loves and supports U.S. leadership!
Yeah you are not going anywhere with that
So many people are so many senate and people of the house are against you nothing will be done
What about Radical White Terrorism?
BLM NEEDS TO BE STOPPED IN THEIR TRACKS...THEY HAVE DESTROYED WAY TOO MUCH HISTORY
Maybe you can work on stopping home grown, Nazi loving hate groups right here under your nose, instead of encouraging them!
Why tie up all efforts just on Islamic terror?  What about all the other types that mostly happen in this country?  Don't we care about US?
please help me rohingya
What rights
You should also stop all RACIST ORGANIZATIONS by whatever means because racism is Terrorism not freedom of speech.

Every Muslim and jew is a terrible indictment to this planet
A bloody men
They will take over all of our facilities and social welfare networks! i.e. Britain Sweden, Germany, Canada , etc. can NOT LET THAT HAPPEN,
Sayın tramp ıslami terör yok ama bir haçlı terörü var 2023
This Is Not #Afghanistan,
This Is Not #Vietnam,
This Is Not #Iraq,
This Is Not #Syria,
This Is Not #Burma
This Is #Pakistan 
Don't mess
"Give us back our protective rights" soooo what did we have until know??? A pull out rights??? This guy!!! And the humans that support him!!
You must be stopped by any means necessary!
Yeah! You do that! Be tough! Use you hands
Amen!
Also your clothing manufacturing in china
What about the domestic terrorism in Virginia?
But neo Nazis are welcome. Stop embarrassing us!!!!!!!
How will you address the Islamic invasion of Michigan and other areas in the country? What about CAIR with their known terrorist ties?
Break up the 9th circuit & let's break up California into 2 states.
Yeah terrorism should stop,but also the kkk and  the Hitlergroup
How can a judge that will not enforce federal law send any one to prison. Can he pick and choose the law they want to enforce?
Good. We didn't vote for Jared and Ivanka. If u don't send them back too 5th Ave u will suffer the consequences
Kick their ass and put them under ground
Reorganize the 9th Circuit.  You need not reappoint or retain any of radical liberal extremists currently seated there.
Then why did you force out @SebGorka
First Bannon now Gorka? Whats going on @POTUS ? Now we are concerned
No we are not, not concerned about it at all.
We need to drain the Swamp Rats. Arrest Judges who will not uphold federal law & impeach & arrest democrooks for treason.
Our rights do not come from the courts and therefore cannot be taken away by their decree.
Hail to the Chief
Attack Terrorists. But Give Islamic society 30 % TOLERANCE.  Israel should accept 30 % opinion of Islamic society. God blessed Ishmael.
If the middle east controls the oil then they will take over the world. That's what open borders stems from. Forced open !
Islam needs to take responsibility for Islam,By creating an actual moderate foundation rather than depending on a conceptual talking point
The Constitution, drawn up as compromise between people way smarter than you will ever be, Trumps you here.  Bless the Courts.
PLEASE DONT ALLOW SO CALLED POLITICAL CORRECTNESS TO STOP U FROM DESTROYING THE MUSLIMS WHO IN THEIR OWN KORAN ARE ADVISED TO KILL US
There is no such thing as RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM. When your forces invade muslim  countries and kill innocent people,you get the payback.
I LOVE U THO.. BUT THIS IS BESIDES THAT... UR OUR MILITARY CHIEF.. YOU ARE THE BOSS ...  BE THE BOSS.. DECLARE WAR AGAINST THEM RIGHT HERE!
ARE U JUST TALKING SHTIE???   OR ARE YOU GOING TO GET THEM OUT OF H ERE!!  NOW!!.. SO PISSED RIGHT NOW.. U DO SOMETHING!!.. STOP THEM!
THEN F-ING GET OUR MILITARY IN HERE + TAKE THEM OUT./DECLARE WAR AGAINST ALL OF SHARIA PPL ESP ISLAM.. TERROR GROUPS THEY RUN../TAKE EM OUT!
Islamists will never peacefully coexists with christians. It is arrogant & foolish to think that will change when we bring them to the USA.
This is true. No more than you can change the color of your skin.
Agreed
I support to stop any terrorism 
Y did you mention only Radical Islamic Terrorism 
Do u allow others like radical hindu terrorism nd others?
