Not for Clinton, maybe not even Russian investigation. Is it remotely possible you fired him because he called you crazy on nat'l TV?
Something else-impeach Donald
u obstructed justice and set rosenstein to take fall. u gotta go. #ImpeachNow
Really Donald.  You have stooped to old tweets?  Ask Rosie how she feels today.

Rhinos (so called never trumpers) are pissed off too lol
You just can't leave her alone can you?
Lol
Your administration is in crisis, and you're tweeting at Rosie O'Donnell?
Don't you have a fukkin job to do, donny?
You didn't agree when she tweeted this nearly 5 months ago, cheeto.

You. Are. Desperate.
Lmao oh man he's really reaching...no one is debating that Comey was incompetent they are debating the timing of his firing
FOR FUCKS SAKE
You're not allowed to talk to Rosie you POS Go sit in the corner w/ your Fox news and wait 4 your Impeachment#TrumpRussiaCollusion #Resist
Although now that you say that, she will change her mind and deny ever saying it in the first place.
I'm glad to see you two talking again.  I hate seeing fellow NYers fight
Oh boy
Good job Mr President!
And pigs are flying...
100% certain mike is jelqing while he one-hands these tweets
^Lol This idiot thinks firing Comey willl make the investigation go away. 
That's what the democrats are trying to say anyway.
Did Donald Trump commit obstruction of justice?
“...nothing to see here”
#TrumpRussiaIsReal
I mean, seriously.
And it was an overreaction.
Lol.
How many times are you going to tweet to distract from the search warrants being executed right now? They're coming for you, Donny....
EPIC!
Trey gowdy  Or sheriff Clarke should replace him
Wow. Idk who's trying harder to be funny and likeable - Trump or United Airlines.
Who will replace James Comey at FBI? Are Spicer and Priebus on the way out?
spicer is on guard duty
Spicer has given his last press beating.
Dear Trump, refugees are a part of america. They belong to america. It's your job to record that. You should know that all people are equal
This is the dumbest tweet of all time

Refugees ARE legal immigrants. Why is that so difficult to understand?
Theyre not legal for me at all.Islam is an alien hatefull thing to the european or american cultures.Violent & extream dependant on everyone
You keep .@Rosie's name out of your mouth.
The FBI is literally storming the Strategic Campaign Group and you are trolling .@rosie.
What
is
wrong
with
you?
#ThursdayThoughts
I don't really know how much longer our Democracy can hold out with you in the White House. 
http://marchfortruth.info 
#MarchForTruth
It's time.
We need some Republicans in D.C. to stand up and be patriots.
#ThursdayThoughts 
#25a
#MarchForTruth
http://marchfortruth.info 
That was before he was leading your investigation. We aren't happy w how he handled the email situation, but your excuse for firing is BS.
These foolish Libs seem to think FBI stops investigations w/Comey's firing. Does police force stop working if a Mayor fires a police Chief?
Trump literally said he thought that.  Literally.
I sincerely doubt that. But it does make for interesting chatter amongst the Libs.
Sarah/Mike Huckabee said it and so did Trump to Lester Holt.
Then they were sadly mistaken, weren't they?
When did you come the WH Press Secretary?
It isn't your turn to ask a question.

.@MollyJongFast He isn't under investigation Stop watching CNN and you won't look so stupid all the time  @realDonaldTrump
- u don't even realize the kind of trouble u r in - comeys people believe in him - for real - they have the proof - u r a sadistic man #USA
ALERT ALERT Rosie has seen herself naked, run for the hills, she is about to  spew her anger at everyone
FIRE DONNIE
@Rosie @pricklyeater @brianefallon melania is a high price Russian hooker!


Where is your other Vladimir Mr President? Vladimir Lisin? The steel billionaire whose bank account increased after you won election.
You Rock Trump!!
you have no guiding light only the dim filth of money grubbing
You are so petty.....
Ah @Rosie ate her tweet....
Wish you were in Sa
Ha!!! I was Blocked by Rosie O'Donnell.  LMAO!!
@POTUS Ur legacy is "You're fired."
A dog bites man, a man does not. Surely Comey will not reveal anything, like Yates n Clapper
Trump you are not welcome in the uk.  You are as bad as hitler
I think you should consider appointing Burt Macklin as FBI Director. He has had a long and successful career and is a true patriot and hero.
She wanted Comey fired for his incompetent handling of the non-story about duplicate emails, not because he was onto your crimes.
You suck
I thought Rosie was moving to Canada or was it Venezuela
@BarnaGroup it's hard to tell if you're retweeting this cause you think it's childish and absurd or because you agree with his sentiment.
I didn't know that liberals had so much tears stored up, you would of thought they would be suffering from DRY EYE by now. #MAGA
Priceless.
Trump, I got your back !! Chapeau !! Go Trump !! You are the best President ever !!
Grow up!
Boy,  How long did it take you to find that tweet?  Spend more time being PRESIDENT.  You'll accomplish much more.  Sad.
Ironic since I think she spelled Commie wrong when referring to YOU.
What did she pay you trump to get her to say that ?
Foul demon speak not this good woman's name!
And you have nothing better to do at this time?
Sad
@Rosie @pricklyeater @brianefallon little late...or now he's investigating you...he's fired...hypocrite.
Lock him up! Lock him up!
Fullofshiticus finally "we" agree on "something" we agree on something, "sad". And no doubt @Rosie does as well.







Oh, you agree now that he was building a case against I!  Double standards?  #paranoid #russiacollusion #impeach45

For the moment. Wait, you're still here? Rosie?
Love It !!
How in the world did you find a Rosie O'Donnel tweet from 6 months ago? Don't you have work to do? Sad!
Correction @Rosie last name is O'Donnell with two L's. Sorry @Rosie
Lol. I love your (subliterate) libtard pain.
Only 5 people are unhappy that Comey got fired. Comey, his wife and 3 of his 4 children.
Hmmmm... a quote from December. Didn't you just whine about someone giving old news?
@Rosie #LOVEtrumpsHATERS

Yeah... 5 months later.
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP @AmericanFunds @animalaidusa @WomenatForbes @CarlosBakery @IvankaJewelry #worthless @EricTrumpFdn #unreal making a mess
This is perfect 
FIRE TRUMP.
^_^ #TrumpIsGreat #gladhillaryisntpresident
How do you have time to look for a tweet from months ago? Between golf, cake and tweeting mustn't have time for anything else. Like U.S.
AND SHES STILL A DUMB ASS COMMIE.
HE DID  NO MORE MOTHER RUSSIA INVESTIGATION SMOOTH SAILING 
Democrats are stupid
I think the whole cabinet is in turmoil you need to clean it up
Maybe @rosie should spend more time fixing her dysfunctional family than attack you. Your seemed to raise good children. Or give her advice
You're a liar . #Russianbullseye
I finally agreed w/ you when you said, "I don't stand for anything." It's the first time I believed you. Also, never say Rosie's name again.
Hey #donthecon Bet that was before she knew about the loyalty oath and his request for more $$ to investigate Russia. You lie by inference.
Haha.... Everyone wanted him fired... Except now that he is.... Msm crying foul!!!
Finally replied to @Rosie almost half a year later
What?!!!
I love you.Never change
Slow news day so it's time to get yourself attention by trolling another's Twitter? Sad.
@Rosie @pricklyeater @brianefallon That was 5 months ago, before the horror of your presidency.Rosie knows you're desperate
It's so cool to see the @GOP support obstruction, cover ups, & corruption.  These tweets & retweets are comedy gold #Impeachment #DumpTrump

@Rosie is Strong Woman, you're a weak man who hides behind lawyers, handlers and secrecy cuz the REAL Donald Trump is a First Class Phony
Go away.
I can't stand you.
Liberalism is based on #flipflop followed by acts of violence and bulling. No suprise
Rosie with the burn!!!

So @TrumpGolf is funded by the #RussianBanks? Wonder if the @HouseIntelComm knows about this? #FiringComey is your #AdmissionofGuilt.
A misogynist, but always calls on women to defend his honour.  Mommy issues?
This goes in the top 10 list lol
The left are just a bunch of evil, mean spirited haters of the USA, God, religion, family values so keep on fighting Trump, Go, Trump go!!
Spot on.
She's going to be changing her mind once she finds out you agreed with her. Wait she already did .......never mind
You are a manchild
"Your Fired." Love, Love  those words! Should have been done in Obama's time but the weasel didn't have the guts! Job is done now! 
Yup..
Haaa
WE FINALLY AGREE ON SOMETHING donny,
EVEN IF YOU DON'T REALIZE THE KIND OF TROUBLE U R IN!!!  ROSIE IS RIGHT! They have the proof!!!  YAAAA!
Has she already left????
Go President Trump! ( I love saying that)Keep cleaning out the swamp!
that is classic
@Rosie has so much power over u it's hilarious.  If she farts u tweet stupid shit.
I agree with you
Love it
Only redneck Mericans agree with Trump #lameducktrump
It's you she should want fired.
FIRE YOURSELF; Rosie!

I highly doubt Rosie would agree with you on anything, at any point in history, past or present.
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
Fuck Trump and Hillary because they'e
#firetrump
Love it
What happened to leaving the country, Rosie? You should be far, far away by now, don't ya think?
Old, fake@news generated by yourself
