Thank you for sharing your opinion. I respect you using your right as an American to use the First Amendment with Freedom of Speech.
I have a couple of questions. If you are able to use your right of Freedom of Speech by tweeting this,
why do you feel that these NFL players cannot use their Freedom of Speech as well by choosing to kneel?
With considering that you say it is disrespectful to the flag and the country,
why do you feel that people kneeling during the National Anthem is disrespectful?
I think that being brave enough to kneel in front of thousands of people on camera,
and using their right to Freedom of Speech is very admirable, and a brave thing to do.
To me, it shows leadership to initiate change and to gain equity in the U.S. for everyone.
Almost! Replace “two dozen NFL players” with “Trump” and “kneel” with “tweet” and “national anthem” with “presidency” and “NFL” with “USA”.
Stephen, you go!

The Annual Turkey Pardon could go down like this, so we have that to look forward to.

replace Trump on this picture with millions of Americans who are offended by this lack of respect to our National symbols, and you will understand the financial impact the NFL is experiencing. One must be brave enough to speak their mind and accept the consequences
@realDonaldTrump ELDs Will send our economy into a #GREAT RECESSION!!!
Haven't watched 1 snap of NFL FOOTBALL   for 2 seasons & counting , boycott THE NFL 
I started boycotting this year got rid of sports package too
Taking a knee last year on the anniversary of 9/11  that was it for me !!!
You got 5 deferments! Sad! You have no respect for this great country #bigbaby
No leadership in the Whitehouse either, am I right? #CanIGetAHighFive? 
Two dozen NFL players continue to kneel in peaceful protest, showing full respect to our values and identity.  No leadership in White House!
We don't need them, they need us the people that purchase tickets, happy 2 say Im not in that group, never attended a game & never will 
#NFL
I #StandForOurAnthem and #StandForTheFlag and support #HR3282, better yet repeal #eldmandate #eldorme

Missed your tweets Mr Bevels!  Glad you're back.
Yeah, bc YOU of all people have the right to talk about disrespecting our country. You do it every damn day & you did by collusion w Russia.
But keep taking up this ridiculous mantle of self-righteousness to distract from all of that if it makes you feel better.
Facism has no place in this country. It is not for you to say whether people can or cannot  protest,  or how they go about it. #TakeAKneeNFL
I guess you have miss what's happening on the streets of America eith ANTIFA,  witch is fascism, or the raising of Islam,  which is fascism.
That’s why I watch Baseball! To date, I haven’t heard about any of them kneeling during our National Anthem!
Only one guy has kneeled so far in Major League Baseball from what the news said
That’s sad to hear. But hopefully no others will follow suit. They protest the country that pays them.. so dumb.
Is exactly the country Constitution and its flag that gives and that exact opportunity to make millions of dollars, low IQs
#taketheknee  #antiracist #freedomofspeech
Go back to golf. That is the only sport that you know

Don’t criticize a private entity on their entity. You’re an elected official. Lead the fuckin country and stop pointing fingers!
Huge Nationwide Blackout of the #NFL On #VeteransDay weekend! #BoycottNFL 
#IStand  #MAGA 2.0 
I'm sure you have MUCH bigger things to tweet about
@jack @Twitter 

This tweet isn't in the public interest. It attacks people protesting hate crimes.

Why is this account still active?
Fix why they are kneeling and they won’t have to kneel anymore. Duh.
If you can’t stand for the anthem you should be fired! They did nothing for America. Don’t watch NFL anymore.Never served in Military.
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B075BD7J1D 
How many of these you think you’ll sell Reezy?
Everytime I drop the link into his twotter replies I sell a couple. It’s better when people are really mad at him
Nor is there leadership in the USA!!!
No leadership by you either. Why don’t you try being a good role model...
Why does it bother u so that the NFL gives players opportunities to use their freedom to highlight injustice for those who fail to see it?
NFL Owners are spineless, unpatriotic wimps who are afraid of their own employees.
Boycott NFL on Veterans Day (week)
We need to see your bone spur X-rays 

And taxes
One leader continues to fuck up the world and can’t control his pin dick finger on Twitter. Total disrespect and the flag and country. No leader ship ok USA
Take stadium funding away
Boycott NFL will have a lot of benchwarmers.
Boycott N.F.L. & its sponsers.
No leadership in the White House is more like it.
It's their Constitutional right... Now check out U.S. flag respect code section C. 
Slavery is over 45.   The NFL does not own the players.
Leadership starts at the top. Get your house in order.
no leadership in White House!
were never watching a trader nfl and its fucking players.. game again..





As a result... As long as NFL continues to disrespect Flag/Country/Military/LEO by “taking a knee” or “linking arms” #BoycottNFL continues.
I think you meant to say “No leadership in this country”
Congratulations for getting one retweet!
Thanks. Feel free to not read my posts.
It'd b nice 2 have a POTUS who understands that America stands for freedom. Free expression is a cornerstone our democracy. #urNOTaPatriot
They are breaking the League rules.  $1Million fine for every kneel they’d learn to stand up straight. Worse MSM hiding it by not showing
75 percent of Puerto Rico remains without power and 25 percent without safe drinking water.
They don't know Obama DOJ ignored proof of felonies by fed. judges who criminally used known perjury to prevent trial in TX discr. case...brought by white plaintiff who was retaliated against 4 refusing to discr. vs blks, men. http://stillsupremelyunjust.yolasite.com  (See page "DOJ ROLE", etc.)
We need to start exposing the crooked judges too.. drain the swamp and clean house ..
#eminemvstrump #FDT
You meant no leadership in the White House.
You have no leadership in the USA
Its my choice to respect our flag and our country regardless of whether or not you think the leadership quality’s displayed are adequate
Yes it’s your choice I wasn’t trying to involve you that’s what I’m saying
These men are making millions and  Maybe they need to be put on the front lines of battle where they understand true freedom
Fire them
More than a million citizens calling for your impeachment because there's no leadership in the #WhiteHouse. #RussianCollusion
We are seeing the end of the nfl
@realDonaldTrump , you ROCK! Best president EVER!!  Keep up the great work!
Top three TV shows last week were all NFL related.  Yuge viewership over all other TV shows.

To all you a-holes out there hiding behind the church your not fooling anyone especially God !It's just plain wrong your cowards STOP IT
President Trump please order the US military to have no further involvement with theNFL. no honor guards, no ceremonies and no flyovers.  They do not deserve any respect from our military men and women.  Also, please press the IRS to remove the NFL’s nonprofit status.
Says the traitor who conspired with a foreign power to rig an American presidential election. Muller and the rest of America is coming for you
Not true, they protesting thee abuse from officers etc, listen to what they saying and stop assuming.
Coming fromna five time draft dodger
Anerica’s majority will NOT STAND for @realDonaldTrump empowering a Racist minority.
Please tell me who they are so I can join their fan base
No (responsible) leadership in the white house #AlerttheDaycareStaff
No leadership in the White House either! #resist #resign #ImpeachTrumpNow
No leadership in Washington either!
Shame on you as a leader Divider you are want win in America...
Worse is the 52 Senators who have been kneeling for 281 days and won't STAND UP to the disgrace that is POTUS. Embarrassment to Flag&Country
No leadership in this country
No leadership in US.
NFL actually means No Freaking Leadership.........just saying. I am NOT WATCHING ANYMORE.......
Worry about real problems not the NFL #fakepresident
as i have stated before, if you would kindly take a look at the Constitution of The United States of America, it says in the first amendment
No leadership in THE US either 
Why did you keep attacking the NFL don't you have a job to do?
This is America. You are not the King.
They are kneeling for brutality reasons... stop making it a disrespectful to are nation thing.
TONS of Veteran's SUPPORT the Kneeling Footballers who are NOT "disrespecting Veterans" while YOU cut MILLIONS in Federal Aid for Veterans!
Are they disrespecting the flag? or President Trump? I think it is Trump, who can blame them for that !
No leadership in WH!
If you and Casper the friendly ghoul"pence"had any love or respect for the flag and America,you would stop all your BS.
You dogded Vietnam 5 times. Bone spurs yet you played college sports and was very good. #hypocrite
Millions of American citizens are still without power and running water in Puerto Rico! No leadership in the USA!
Collusion with the Kremlin, showing total disrespect to our Flag & Country. One with no moral compass sitting in the White House
A flag is a piece of cloth.  Our freedom was weakened thanks to your bone spurs....hehehehe.....
Hell with NFL
No longer supported by me. #BoycottNFL #BoycottNFLSponsors
Instead of deflecting & watching how many nfl players kneel, why dont you try to understand why they are doing so and FIX IT!
NFL is very dumb and a waste of time.
It’s not about the flag. 
It’s not about Veterans. 
It’s not about #trump 
It’s not unpatriotic. 

Don’t let them twist this. 
#Resist
No leadership in the White House
Maybe you would feel better if those grown men did a CURTSY—like their President once did...
It's not the NFLs job to lead. It's yours but you're leading into demise.

Don’t you have anything better to do?? 

No leader in the White House, either.


Take away their tax breaks!!
They can't control there employees
Fix Puerto Rico you fanny.
GET the "F" over with kneeling!  More important things to do!  #25thAmendmentNow #TrumpIsAMoron
For the love of God, would someone please explain the First Amendment to this man!!
I would love to you to go face to face with the NFL.  LETS SEE HOW FAR YOU GET.
Oh No! Our "President" is bullying someone again! He's spouting lies and attacking people again!
He deleted it. Did you take a pic?
Of this?
Oh maybe. I thought he said something new today. I saw those comments already. Ridiculous.
Probably did. I'm trying to cut my Trump news these days. Bob Mcnair said something stupid so the news eye is on him for the day.
Before you came,  I would stand pot my hand on heart. You have made it plain that this no longer my country.  Just like your are not my President.
BTW you DOTARD, again is not a "dis" to our flag or country in any way. It is a very respectful way to speak out silently, so to speak.
Black people have been through a lot when slavery was happing and Colin caprnick risked his job for black people
Mr. President,not once have you offeted an invitation to these legally protesting Americans for a conversation.To understand what their Cause is, and to see if we all can work together as Americans. Continuous Improvement sir Not continuous confrontation.This is a "WE" issue sir.
Yaaaaawn. It is their right. Just like its your right to make a tit of yourself in tweets, interviews and speeches. Seriously you should get someone coherent to write those for you. Actually don't.  I do enjoy the laughs.
ok but what about the lack of leadership in this country?
The @NFL boycott continues to expand even in to sports bars that have turned the games off. God bless America and to hell with these spoiled players.
Sinclair Lewis new something
Fascism in America will wrap itself in the flag and carry a cross.
What the hell would you know about leadership???
Invite the misguided babies that play a game for a living to the Whitehouse to discuss why they are protesting.
So that's disrespect ?
No leadership in the USA.
You need to worry about getting indicted! Not sports!
No, to you!
Donald Trump has no respect for our flag or our country, spent his life cheating the Gov't. he is a fraud, let's sink him
3.4 mil of USA citizens, still without the basic humans NEEDS! USA citizens that have paid taxes and bleed 4 the USA #NoExcuses #WeRemember
Mr. President, there's leadership, just the kind you agree with.
Well they have more leadership in the NFL than in the white house
No leadership in the white house either .. 
You have neither respect for the country or exhibit leadership in your job either.
No leadership in USA either
No leadership from our president
When the country stops disrespecting the rights of ALL its citizens, then maybe they won't have to protest these SYMBOLS of our country.
Sickening I will Not watch @NFL NFL!!!! BOOOO!!
MAKE MILLIONS THEN DISRESPECT R veterans flag & Freedom my father lost leg fighting for ALL
Better leadership than your country has
Disrespecting country=nominating incompetent gov officials (Expl.  Depts of Agriculture, Education, HUD; EPA, etc). #disrespectful
Shows a low IQ. THEY Can't understand!!
تو امید مایی ترامپ.
علی از ایران.
kneeling is not about the flag or country but you know this! Instead of stiring up ur base why not try to stop discrimination in our country
So True. Disrespect and a continuous effort to undermine America.
No leadership in the White House.  Our president is a moronic baffoon.
All the FAKE Tweets almost as bad as the FAKE NEWS!
Maybe you, @realDonaldTrump should start using your knees to pray to God so he could turn your offensiveness to the millions with kindness!
No leadership in the White House either. SAD.
Let them kneel the golden goose is over
#noleadershipintheUSAeither #moron
MLS players always stand for the Anthem. Help us little guys keep our team. The MLS can vote no #savethecrew


So, When you kneel for God you are protesting His word and everything He stands for!!!
These players and owners are emasculated males who are pandering some false symbolic victory under the guise of social injustice. #Fools
Two dozen NFL players continue to kneel during the National Anthem, asking USA to pay attention to police brutality. No leadership in WH!
Watching World Series & following @seanhannity instead of football
WHY ARE YOU STILL SALTY ABOUT THIS. Ffs man
@realDonaldTrump @grammy620 @HorseShort @DrSharonKing
We have no leadership with the USA! thanks to your small mind we have went back 50 years
Just like the White House.
God Bless America
Okay thanks. I’ll look into it.
Do your job.

Shut up already
I agree.  I stopped watching them and not interested in ever watching them.  Shame on anyone disrespecting America.  They all need to leave.
You are a DRAFT DODGER!!    Donnie "bone spurs" Trump!
#FireMueller
How can you say totally disrespect to the flag and  didn't serve because you had bone spurs.
#FireSessions N.ational F.elon L.eague is finished.
#FireSessions
#FireSessions
#FireSessions
Poor leadership in the USA!  YOU were disrespectful to J. McCain, a war hero.  I like EVERY war hero!  draft dodger trump.  You Suck!
Stand or stay in lockers during National Anthem.  We only kneel to God
#gobacktowork
You worry about no leadership in the NFL? We have no leadership in this COUNTRY! You are a disgrace to the flag every day. Just resign.

Continuing to use Imperial units is disrespectful to science and innovation. Adopt the metric system #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #SIunits
I agree!! Most teams need to become leaders for there respected teams.... you know on defense and offense
No quality, rational, wise leadership of our beautiful USA. Just a selfish clown who prefers self aggrandizement and golf. Loser
u can kick ur diminutive little feet, wave the tiny hands..no one cares about NFL kneeling. #GOP imploding. Loser President
