God shall intervene. We shall pray. Jeremiah 33:3 and Jeremiah 32:27
Still lying huh? SAD.
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @TIME
Gillespie lost because of his ties to the corrupt DT-45 gang! We The People will continue to fight and take back the sanctuary city of DC!
Why can we not hold these politicians accountable and charge them with obstruction.??.
I hope all your Russian twitterbots followed your advice. It might have been a worse defeat for Gillespie otherwise. Sad!
Such a pathetically desperate, fear-mongering act of demagogic manipulation. Honestly, folks -- if you fall for this kind o' shit, you need serious help. #VillainInChief
President Trump shaking hands with an American hero who protected our God-given freedom & liberty.
Nope. Ever heard about natural rights.
What is the matter with these people who want to protect criminals? Especially MS-13 gang members! Are they insane? Remove them from office!
No, what's sad is you are brainwashed. Open your eyes & look around you. The lefties will be the downfall of the US unless WE stop it! #MAGA
It is time we stand up against the Democratic Party and tell them this is enough of your crime sprees it's over.
We must Drain the Swamp! Make Virginia Great Again!
The Left has made America unsafe with their allegiance to illegal immigration and corporate interests. Vote out all Dems.
https://twitter.com/EconomicSlave/status/916912606195183616 …
You support NAZIS... ACTUAL FUCKING NAZIS.
Hey, Trump, Northam won.
Mr. D. Trump , POTUS, Please keep DACA  kids here and take out  ms13 (in lower case) . Thanks.
Just wondering how this turned out?
Liar. Divider.Con.
ED is code for Evil Degenerate GOP
On DACA issues they've had 30 years to become u.s. citizens, they are burned are flags, flipped off America, use up our welfare on taxpayers
Ralph Northam,who is running for Governor of Virginia,is fighting for the violent MS-13 killer gangs & sanctuary cities.  Vote Ed Gillespie!
Ralph Northam,who is running for Governor of Virginia,is fighting for the violent MS-13 killer gangs & sanctuary cities.  Vote Ed Gillespie!


 He saved 669 children
from the Holocaust - now
watch the audience when
his secret is revealed.  
A true hero
Vote Democrat
Vote whoever has the best policies! Right now, that's the democrats.
We care about facts and science. In other words, we want politicians that embrace the scientific consensus on just about everything.
Trump is the opposite of this. He uses fear and bullying as his main political tactics. We need someone who values progress and diplomacy. 
Yeah u would vote for the communists for sure
Everyone who believed the bs trump was telling you when running for office would even have voted for the impersonated devil!
They fill you with fear to the point where are afraid to be brace. Those who think different are the enemy and you must destroy them
Except he is sexist, a bigot, racist and a white supremacist, meaning his world view mimics yours. Do NOT vote for Northam!
Don't.
Donald, do you really think that anyone is going to believe you & even with ALL of your Daily LIES  ~ Put a Fork in it ~ your Done  ~
You. Are. A. Liar.

If he was fighting the kkk or sk8nhead nazis ypu would be for hos opponent
#VoteDemocrat #Impeach
@GOP is questioning twitter about tax cuts. This type of VICIOUS LIES from the so-called president is what they should do something about.
This seems libelous...
No. No he’s not fighting for a gang. You are either misinformed or lying. #fearmongering
I
WE Stand WITH sanctuary cities..soon to come Sanctuary STATES, Resign.
Democrates have absolutely NO policies, that's why Billery LOST!
#FakeLeader #NaziSupporter
You lie!
Go fuck yourself, you are pathetic and a massive embarrassment to the entire country.
Of all the stupid tweets you've made, this has got to rank as one of the stupidest. NO ONE is supporting MS13, espec not the Lt Gov of VA.
Fu
Mr Northam is a combat veteran. Youre a racist babyhanded pussygrabbin draft dodger. Your word means nothing. #TraitorTrump #LowApproval
definitely vote ed Gillespie he is a good patriotic conservative
So says the guy who said "there are some good people" in a crowd of Nazis screaming Jews will not replace us.   DJT - The Nazi cocksucker.
if i blow you will you not tweet for a day? i mean it’d be worth a week of silence but i realize you’re incapable of that. let me know.
Get off Twitter and do your job
Another endorsement? HAHAHAH
Where is your evidence? Otherwise it's a false accusation or libel.
North am will change Virginia to be like California
That's a bold faced lie!
And there we have it, the commander and chief smearing a veteran with lies. Not presidential but  Republican. #RepublicansCantGovern
M16 gang in the oval office is our problem
#FakeNews
Cher is right u don’t have two live brain cells ur a moron just like Tillerson said
When Trump says something is right, I go left. Vote Northam for Gov
Keep your tiny little hands off our election! You are simply parroting a Republican attack ad. You know nothing about Virginia or our needs.
Your approval rating in VA is 35%.
What's your evidence for this, Donald? Or is it just another of your mendacious lies?
You lie, again.
we need #EdGillespie ! why doesnt #virginia deserve benefit of a republican governor like most of the country.
You’re not a private citizen any longer!  There are things a President should not do, but I realize it takes common sense to figure it out!!
Seriously, have you no sense of the office you hold or has dementia truly set in???
@POTUS spreading Fake News! Sad!
Pray on air and God will make the way!!!
All hail my NUTS !
Disgusting campaigning!!!! Typical lie by trump!
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10156708041824202&id=31867849201&funlid=VeAcVldCOn2jxGuh …
Dr.@Northam is a pediatrician who went to public schools. Ed Gillespie is GOP political functionary with no accomplishments.
That's why he indorsing
Lol...  will your endorsement help this guy too.  #kissofdeath

Proof? Otherwise Fake News
Fire his ass
Remember Virginia..DJT is a liar,a bully,a name calling 4 year old adult still throwing temper tantrums 2get his way.Ignore him&vote Northam
You know that's the kiss of death - you back em and its lights out
And #trump is fighting for the violent killer assault rifles and guns that mass murderers and gangs often use. #interesting #sad #guns #nra
What kind of irresponsible asshole says something like this? Oh, it's you.  Never mind
Ralph Northam is a decorated War veteran. Something that evades you as a bone spur cop out. I thought you loved the military. I guess not
Grow up!
Ed Gillespie can't even
Vote Yolo
You're a lying demagogue. Northam is a better American than you could ever be, serving in the Army & healing children as a neurologist.
That is fabricated bs
He is a veteran you disrespectful fool!  What an unimaginable liar we have as POTUS!!
We the Biafrans are only sure now not sure of the next minute...@realDonaldTrump @POTUS  @UN  set Biafrans free!
Thanks for making sure Ralph Northam becomes our next Governor! You political death to anyone you endorse! Gillespie is a #moron like you!!!
I wonder if they cringe at your endorsements.  The state has no sanctuary cities.
MS-13 is just the GOP's latest dog-whistle racist, boogeyman to put fear in the pussy MAGA cult. Did they just kill 50+ & injure 600? 
Most Americans won't ever get anywhere near ms-13, but some wack job white dude with an @nra sponsored arsenal-yeah that's the real danger.
Until their count (& for that matter "radical islamic terrorists" too) gets anywhere near gun violence by random white dudes, I'm not too
Worried about Fox News and this dumb ass  telling me to fear some gang no one ever heard of until they needed to blame Mexicans for shit.
Clean the swamp Mr President
Hey BozoBiff You fight FOR Putin AGAINST USA!!! Your brats and you OWE Russian MAFIA! #dtWEAKLOSER #dtCORRUPT #TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist #SAD
WTF Trump
Vote for anyone not aligned with the Trump Party!
Fake news
Somehow I'm sure that's not an accurate statement. Follow your own montra...don't spread fake news.
Stop speading lies. No one is running to support gangs. Slander.
Thank you Mr President, we want Gillespie in Virginia for governor. Let's turn VA red again please. 
McAuliffe is a snake.
Kaine is as well
You know the gang thing is a lie right? Trump is a white supremacist and lies constantly
Detroit is a sacuary city. And I'm proud of it. Fight the pusst ass Republican's.
INTERNAL EMAILS SHOW ICE AGENTS STRUGGLING TO SUBSTANTIATE TRUMP'S LIES ABOUT IMMIGRANTS...
Lies
Roger that! Ed Gillespie is our guy..10-4
Una mierdaaaaaaaaaaa
You should resign
Are you freakin insane? Oh, right, I’ve already read the psych Eval.  #Resign #Impeach45 #saturdaymorning #resist
All of .@thedemocrats favor GANGS, RAPING MURDEROUS MOSLEMS, ANARCHIST ANTIFA, MARXIST BLM #NeverVoteDemocrat #FleeDemocratParty .@addthis
We are going to have Ralph as our next Gov.  You didn't win this state.  We have 2 Dem Sen. As long as u r potus it will stay that way
Vote for anybody that is not a Republican



Unconscionable lies.
Yeah, because I love seeing a crook pretend to be a #LawAndOrderPresident
I don't think you'd know the truth if it bit you in the ass.
Uh huh.....to protect themselves from the $hi7 storm your about to get us into. Ms-13 or “rocketman”.
how so?
No. I was not going to vote before this Tweet. Now I'll be voting Northam.
Fake news
Mental note... vote for Ralph Northam.
Vote BLUE
You're a draft dodger and a coward.
I’m just tweeting for right hope u get this and to read it I care for race and woman freedom and about all people Evan u sir
I mean.. this is just an outright lie. I can't believe anyone actually buys into the idea that the candidate supports MS-13.
Don't you mean Northam is running for the President of Virginia?

#SpokeWithVirginIslandsPrez
Really? Proof please or just admit you are FAKE NEWS
Liar!
Jumping the shark!
STFU !!
This support to harbor non working asshole people has to stop. I lived in a Sanctuary City and it was awful...my state will not become that.
word is that blm. antifa workers wold party and isis are combining . dont know how true but somebody needs to look  at.
I'm not sure how MS-13 and Northam are even in the same passage. And we cannot have Sanctuary cities in VA. This doesn't make sense
President Trump, I believe in you and pray you will abolish these Sanctuary Cities and towns, they're harboring criminals and illegals!
Is this your Tweet-Time at DAYCARE, Donny?
your'e fighting to keep the guns in the ms 13 hands.. let's give them some more semi autom weapons what a great idea
I hope this tweet gets you sued.
Such a lie. Such a travesty. 

#fakepresident
You forgot to say "BELIEVE ME", like you do every other time you tell a lie.  #FakeNews #TrumpIsAMoron

So anybody can tweet anything...@realDonaldTrump who is @POTUS is fighting 4 #putin #RussiaGate - @TheJusticeDept don't take ur off #Trump
Tell the truth. Ed Gillespie is one of your pet Nazis.
Bullshit.
Trump the guy that is endorsing the Rino is letting off HIllary even after tap dancing on the graves of benghazi4 lying about justice...
Bullshit
@SenJohnMcCain @VP @SpeakerRyan borrow money?i wanted got the fee,my aided to SKorean n foreigners. Get fee, i can aid you n can visit there
Oops! You just jinxed another one!! Lol
How like our president to push someone with ties to Russia and Manafort. And ignore non Latino gangs at the same time
a governor fighting for ms-13 gangs? treason treason treason against his own american citizens when  GOVERNOR PUTS ILLEGALS FIRST OMG
What is this Grumpy Bear its made in China ,just for 40 bucks 
@realDonaldTrump #CNN  @cnnbrk
Ahhhh. The kids of death. Keep supporting him please. Everything you touch turns to shit.
More ridiculous rhetoric from from the MORON! Stop spreading fake news!
Time to drain that sub-swap!!
Down to earth Ed Gillespie...Will prove to be the working man's governor...when you vote to put him in office for Gov of Virginia... 
Qut tweeting your personal problems and start defending our Constitution. Please grow up.
Chiefs wide receiver Albert Wilson out for Steelers game
https://www.protask.site/?r=202163 
Smdh just lies so much 45 is an embarrassment to our country
Ok , Donny, cut the bullshit. He is NOT “fighting for” the gangs,
Gillespie is another of the same ilk who can't tell the truth from lies and hates anyone who doesn't have white skin
Don't you have something better to do with your time?! Something like actually RUNNING the country? #MoronTrump
Vote for anybody not supported by the President
Voters, do the exact opposite of whatever this freak 'president' suggests!
president propaganda and "fake news"
We love you Mr. President!
Those gangs are dangerous, I've seen them. In action they don't belong here!
Richmond Mayor had police sign agreement not 2 turn in illegals if arrested?  n Virginia we should b protecting VA!
Use the NATIONAL GUARD and clear these illegals out! Sanctuary cities? Come on!  What r they going to do: order their police to shoot USNG?
