Донни,не еби голову...

wow, you are really afraid of what's http://co.ing  next.
There shouldnt have been a discussion period point blank. Not even a thought
We all know you made a deal with the Russians years ago. They gave you loans and all you had to do is push the Obama birther BS. Perfect trap for a gullible ass like you
Cyber security with Putin and you’re bragging about that?
Nice
The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit  doesn't mean I think it can happen. It can't-but a ...
The fact that the Kremlin Twitter page liked this deeply disturbs me
Your Friend Donald 
Tvê causa V.naveni
São Paulo SP só do Brazil
Thanks
Paulo.
http://event.mi.com/in/game2017/diyahunt/asked?lighttoken=0D2B7E71440485CA5274A379F8FCAFA7AC95781627F2C19BEF75113BE10657D345678FB29004B79092C91480CF38DFF7D1ECB912FF5E7CA66EA4004B91E67103B2FC4E1CD9C722D532C774AD50944E0E …
censor other things too. I would just need help to know what else might be bad for the children to see online. Ideas? Anyone?
Cyber Security Unit? I want a whole different censored internet access for children under 18. No porn for one thing. I suppose you can...
Donald trump daddy gave me his commie cummys!!!
TRUMPERY!
It's sort like the chicken talking to the fox about securing the hen house.
Impeach Trump 2017
Liar!
Brain dead but still able to tweet. Talk cybersecurity with Putin? How much trouble is this country in?
Hows that Cease fire working for ya? What's that lasted....10 days??? Bravo "sir"  yup bravo #MAGA take a bow
The ceasefire happened because it benefited Russia tactically on the ground.
Russians more trustworthy than  Progressives and the MB terrorist Org members Dems gave top secret top secret security clearances and jobs
The biggest shame about this is this country has spent trillions of dollars and countless lives fighting the Russians now Putin has won
Nobody question the Chiefs, expecial, fake news, and leftist sold outs
just the idea u allowed him to speak 1 word on a joint cyber security unit shows how weak you are. Russia the whole country is laughing at u
#FakeNews
Moscow & Wash R N negotiations 2 create joint cybersecurity group Andrei Krutskikh told Russian NewsAgencies on 7/20
It would be like a car theft victim working with the car thief to develop a better car alarm.

You liar !!! Russia says talks underway on joint U.S. cybersecurity unit Putin calling his Puppet out
Working with the Russians on Cybersecurity is like marrying your rapist.
Free southern. Cameroon's/Ambazonia. Free all Arrested and keep in LA republic due camerouñ tortured camps.
You are so much more clever and smarter than Trump and I believe you have more dirt on him.
Then what was the purpose for discussing it?
You are obviously delusional about your relationship with Putin. He's laughing at you. You're an embarrassment.
Instead of inviting just the Republicans why not invite the Democrats too? Perhaps we might accomplish something!
Jules is right donald you should spend some time with you son Barron instead of golfing every weekend.
How did his boots taste?
I think about weasels sometimes, but then dinner’s ready, and I really like my mom’s mac and cheese.
@VoteTrumpPics
....when you have no plans in following through with it.  Also Putin is smarter than you.
The cease fire was in the south and the problem and violence is in the north. U also shouldn't be promising things to other leaders......
Great job! You negotiated a ceasefire in an area where no fighting was going on.
You make NO SENSE! International Embarrassment! LOWEST RATINGS FOR PREZ EVER! #ManBoy #Cretin
You threw Steve under the bus on this one. You just don't give a s hit about anyone but yourself, do you?
Only a demented ass would discuss henhouse safety with the Foxes.
Bring up @JacobAWohl legal troubles and he blocked me asap lol seems like Trump people love that. 

http://www.valuewalk.com/2017/03/jacob-wohl-2/ …
Potus is clever and with full of ideas ..smart !
You are a fruit cake...
What it means is that you're in it up to your ears with your comrade Putin.  More than anyone ever thought.  #tRumpTrainWreck
Lasted a day. Big deal jerk
REMEMBER...'FOR THE PEOPLE'  YOU SEEM TO FORGET THAT ONE. U ONLY KNOW..'FOR THE RICH'  THE WORLD SEE THIS LIE.
DO YOU EVEN KNOW THE MEANING OF THAT WORD?
Дональд топни ногой и разгони Конгресс к чертовой матери и приезжай в Россию в гости
u fool,,, lol, lol lol lol lol lol lol lol money wont save u , or your kids, treason , spy for Russia, pee showers , rape
you are truly the most ignorant puppet of all time,,, you are gonna be tried for treason with ivanka and don and etc
You know dam well that Putin will out Fox you Trump
It's remarkable you would even discuss a Cyber Security unit with him when all our intelligence agencies say Russia hacked our elections.
When you take this degenerate out of the WH, please lock him up where we don't ever have to hear anything from him.
You are a total liar and a traitor.  I cannot WAIT until you are impeached.  You should spend your life in prison, you and "Little Boots."
....this can't be real!!!
Mr. Trump you are not trustworthy.  You, your team & family all lie.  Look at the Russia Trump time line.  Fake POTUS
Thank You!
I hope so! Great work. Try to keep the momentum going towards success.
If it can't happen why set up a unit dedicated to it?
And don't try and distract your followers with that ceasefire crap.
You are worse than a teenager with school drama and can get off your tweeter account.  Come on Ivanka take his phone already, block the acc
Thats right because President Trump made that happen. Wake uo people!!
Feel the heat Donald?
7 distributors iffy6acy
Viejo hijo de la gran putas! Stop the Bullshit and stop sending those stupid monitos and mamonazos!
You need be impeached
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natalia_Veselnitskaya …
http://www.npr.org/sections/money/2017/07/14/537304186/episode-784-meeting-the-russians …
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magnitsky_Act …
Connect The Dots and the connection becomes clearer!
Great idea, get the two least-trusted men on the planted to protect our privacy, what next free daycare #AmericanRussianFreeDaycare #joke
Is that what your pal Putin told you?
Where you get your weed from?

Why don't you just give Putin the keys to the White House?? RUSSIA SCANDAL PROVES TRUMP IS A TRAITOR TO DEMOCRACY and the Constitutioin
yeah back in the day it would have been cool. Now I have to worry about future enemies?
Learn to speak in a way which makes sense.
our country is fucked! The govt is letting this Orange racoon distroy the presidency we will never have a normal one again
You never know...follow your intuition...no one else.
My president TRUMP, I believe TWITTER limits all the LIKES to your comments.  They close out your likes. NOT FAIR. Just know that.
My president TRUMP.   Doing an excellent job.  We love you. Media does not tell,about your good works but we know. Twitter is not fair.
Well put Mr President
Thats it? I'm sure you both have bad your shenanigans planned from the very beginning before you was even running
Yes -we get along well @PutinRF_Eng @realDonaldTrump #CNNMemeWar @CNN @foxandfriends 
Safe travels..no cuts to govt social service programs..we help stop small issues becoming big burdens on us all.

Interesting that you use the word "ceasefire". still denying Russian interference?
I just LOVE how you DEFLECT! It WAS YOUR SON, who just got Busted for E-Mails, Right? LMFAO!!!
Well Trump, are you even deserved to be president, 70 million out of 130 Million people are against you, 70 Million is more than half the NR
How much is he paying you for all the SocSec numbers you're getting from those states that are complying with your order. Hackers Delight!
I bet you have already given him a password to our intelligence computer system.
That's like discussing the status of the hen house with a wolf.  Smart Donald...tremendous!  Brilliant!
The fact that you got on your knees and made sure Putin's cyber was secure is not the same thing, DT.
Do you think gone to happen
Trump is a traitor to the USA
LIAR!!!!
.
We are an example of honesty. That is why we follow the greatest of all. We will find the best hits with Donald Trump
So you just talk to our enemies and lie to them?  What an idiot!
Do you realize that this is only a four year job ?? You are not royalty this is not a permanent job!!!
And yet RT & Putin are saying it's a done deal.DADDY'S. Going to be angry
We wasted our time discussing the impossible...and admiring each others colognes.
The better the relations between President Trump and Putin, the better for the world.
Actually, there was very little fighting in that area in the first place. It is an Assad stronghold. It was Iraqi troops that defeated ISIS
Traitor
Did you get set up for the next election with your buddy Putin, that murdering KGB thug you got real tough with him after you piped him. Lol
Cuz u da boss, boss
THANK YOU MR. PRESIDENT ON BEHALF OF MY FAMILY AND MYSELF!
You're a joke on the American people except it isn't funny.
More details on the Russian hacking ceasefire, please.
Funny
Bolsonaro 2018
So quick to trust Putin
Your idea of cyber security with Putin is giving him the codes and your passwords! #amateurPOTUStrump
Create a new Internet.
you did think it was a good idea and could happen or you wouldn't have suggested it in your meeting with you russian bro...
make up your mind,first no one talked about hacking,then you did, now which is it or don't you remember what lie you told ?
That was a stupid, ridiculous idea and you know it. Why did you even utter the thought of a joint cyber security unit with Russian?
You behaved as impotently as Obama did on the same issue. A little verbiage and a photo of shaking hands and you think it's okay. It's not.
PRESIDENT TRUMP YOU ARE LOVED, WE APPRECIATE YOU, EVEN THE FORGOTTEN IN CALIFORNIA!!!
I know, this is how it really went down.

Just go away.
I had to revisit this tweet to confirm its stupidity. You have been my dumbest President ever. Resign.
4 days and counting of ceasefire.... yay for PEACE! \0/
Did you & the Republicans - the GOP- just 'sell' ur souls for greed & ego? Party above country. Shameful & criminal.
Count your days
Your strategies are beautiful to watch.
Доверяй, но проверяй
Mr Fart, do you really mean to tell me that you are ignorant of the fact that Putin is 'playing' you???
You are a dope.
Another flip flop inconsistency on your statements. You FIRST said you WERE setting up cyber security with Putin - Read YOUR own tweet !!!!
The Internet is insecure by nature. Putting confidential information and power grid on it is setting us up for a catastrophe.
