 The Trump Crime Family is committed to laundering money through Deutsche Bank; scrubbing rubles into greenbacks.  #deutschebank
Anything to back this up? #DeutscheBank

Is this Kim Military Police? She used false claims on my behalf and lied to Dean. The class was bezzeling money using a Skype format that tied to Fred Burton.
Mrs. Trump, 
  I have a sensitive urgent matter, about  our Army in Syrian Desert! Can You PLEASE Privately contact me for the issue at hand
Thank you Madame Ivanka Trump, Mr. Jared Kushner and President Donald Trump for taking care of our military heroes and keeping unity in USA.
Real estate is a great profession to help that along. Work with states for reciprocity.
Dear Madame Ivanka Trump and Mr. Trump Jr. Would you pls review some infos th I have. mbuminae@aol.com  embumina@gmail.com  Elie B. Mbumina
Ivank has no business being in the Whitehouse
You would prefer some lying, email deleting underqualified Presidential ex wife that can't even handle a state dept. without fraud.
RT @IvankaTrump: The Administration is committed to supporting military spouses in the workforce. Thanks Kim for sharing...

No ivanka. These people are nothing more than props in your daddy's show. And your attempts at showing otherwise are lame at best. #Sorry
Same pres who deports the wives and children of people in the military.
But it's refreshing that you think it is so funny. Support our troops and all that.
The troops are criminals? Don't understand your argument. Also keep it in mind when Trump is revealed as a traitor and criminal.
Sorry but anyone who says that they have never broken a law in their life is a liar. No one is that perfect.
Or a bot.
Your Father knows what he's talking about on all the issues that the USA is dealing with. We Love our President Trump 


Brennan Center is excited to partner w/ @CraigNewmark to fight the myth of voter fraud + stand up for our democracy. http://bit.ly/2w6a7II 
#GreatJob
Trump Budget to Cap Next Raise, Hike Retiree TRICARE Fees, Slam ‘IU’ Vets
Don't forget your pledge to help the great citizens of Venezeula, Mr. President. They R in desperate need of USA intervention! SOS VENEZEULA
What about male military spouses? I noticed in your other picture you didn't have any men in the room. Why is that?
Or people of color either
Why is this woman even a part of the so-called Administration? What values or experience does she have?
So do the rest of us women get in line according to categories? If so is there a category for senior women living at rock bottom SSA$750.mo?

lol this was posted 44 minutes ago https://www.instagram.com/p/BXbZ8UcB66Q/?tagged=thankstrump … 

Reality.... https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/politics/wp/2017/08/03/by-end-of-august-trump-will-have-spent-three-times-as-many-days-at-leisure-as-obama/?utm_term=.5de932a453a7 …
Not many supporters for you're tweets are there? Know why? 
You are the same as the Gambino family. You are the Black Widow of that family.
Also, you avoid the 'politics' yet you are part of the administration. 
You stick to fluffy stories, yet you profit from exploitation. #FAGA
Trump Attacks McCain for Being Prisoner of War: 'I Like People That Weren't Captured'
Give more than you get. Something everyone should live by. And I don't mean thru government!
you are so phony
As a spouse. Thank you. To the fools who post stupid crap on here. You are what is wrong with America.
#Resist
One of you is lying. Which one? The transgender band runs counter to this statement.
Good morning Ivanka
A lot of business don't want to hire military spouses cause we transfer so much! Was told that a lot!
Military families serve too. Thank you to the administration for supporting them. #MAGA
@FLOTUS @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr OBAMA in SECRET TALKS with RUSSIANS at G20 Meeting
It's sooo SECRET, there was a photographer there!!! ??? DUH
Open Mic and pic

is joebeertap news even trusted? 
LOL, I hope not! It's an unfunny humour site, not a hard hitting news site.
unless they are transgender or gay or black or mexican........
mm
Why do you keep tweeting about things you know nothing about!?!?
How about you stand behind your words of supporting LGBT community and support the transgender military. They are running into gunfire
sorry and who elected you?
Veterans speak out on health care bill, say it could hurt 2 million on Medicaid
Get some sleeves on woman or get out of the white house...
Lol
Yes it will be wonderful to see Ivonka as the first woman president fighter for women equal job rights &  pay for women & women for business
I agree. All she needs to do is ship everyone off to China then everyone pay is equal
Your socialist propaganda can't stop real patriots like Ivonka. your Kamala, Pelosi, Schumer, Sanders & Hillary all talk no action losers
It's IVANKA!!!!!
Are you filling in for you dad?
Are you SURE he's your dad?

President Trump is flushing the liberal agenda down the toilet 

At we aren't drinking the libtard kool aide of total idiocy and foolishness...

Sorry, but I prefer quality wine. Not  PBR guy.
Michelle Obama and Jill Biden supported this program that was not funded as soon as they left. Now it is ok
Coming from White elitist like you your commentary Rings Hollow as hell.
I don't recall anybody voting for you shouldn't the Flotus be doing this work? Oh wait, she doesn't have Michelle Obama's drive
What a great marketing campaign for daddy... Their isn't a sincere honest bone in your body! What a disgrace you truly are...

President Trump is flushing the liberal agenda down the toilet 

When she speaks I cringe! Sounds like she's on some serious benzodiazepines! Probably needs them!
I AGREE!
Uh huh! Lol
Awww I'm sure they're inspired by your father's service 

He is the gift that keeps giving #laughingstock 
I hope you're getting paid overtime by Soros.
No paying bots is a trump thing like you 

"No need to protect his head when putting him in the car." #Lockhimup #PoliceBrutality 
Ivanka Trump is a role model for women across the world. She continues to fight for those who need it the most. Nice!
Ivanka is no role model.  She is an entitled rich kid who has had a majority of her "success" handed to her.
Eh, I'm doing pretty well for myself. I have my BA and working on my MBA while working full time. No one handed me any of that.
In the working/school world we do get breaks and lunches in case you were unaware.  I use that time to Tweet the truth about this shit show.
I'm a proud American. You calling people unAmerican just shows you've run out of any valid point. I expect you'll cry fake news next.
@";c cGood4Utah
It will be interesting if listening will result in action. Perhaps some of us military spouses will find employment b4 next PCS!
What would YOU know?   Your dad NEVER served or sacrificed ANYTHING for his country.   #GetoutofWHIvanka
What he does say is a lie when it comes it women.
Y'all phoney sincerity make me sick!!!!
Photo Op. For Ivanka. Using military wives. Sad cannot see.
The military spouses should be supported and treated well. Their husbands are serving and protecting this country. They are indeed "heroes".
Fuck her. She's a fucking clothing designer.
I totally agree that you all need to be committed.
0.3% of the population is trans. #fakenews
lol, impeach this President and the country will go down as well. U are just repeating what the Trump haters have put in ur head & in ur 
Thank you @POTUS for #MakingAmericaGreatAgain!!
lol, Do you need an ice pack??
You're doing fabulous work! Ignore the ignorant posts about your dad. He's doing a great job!
no hes not tell me 1 good thing hes done then?
Way to capitalize "administration" like we don't already know it's a fascist regime
. No, you're wrong as "NEWS FLASH " Hillary lost! Please reread definition and actions associated to facistism!
"Facistism" isn't a word. Thx for the "NEWS FLASH," but I'm very much  aware that Hillary lost. Why else would I be tweeting at Ivanka Trump
Your tweet was forwarded to me, did I make a mistake thinking you implied that the Trump admin was fascist?  If so I apologize! My phone-con
No apology necessary! I wasn't ~implying~ that the Trump admin was fascist, I was outright saying that it is. It promotes white nationalism
& Trump is an authoritarian wannabe who's obsessed w/ undermining & suppressing a free press. My comment about tweeting at Ivanka is
just me saying that if she weren't part of this regime, I wouldn't give a shit what she did or said
Amen Mr. President.
Is Melania too tired to do the first lady role? Tbh I don't blame her.. she definitely didn't sign up for this shit! 
What are you doing in the wh  you dont belong
How's changing the facts going?  Do you have some more quotes from Albert Einstein?
What about the spouses of our transgender servicemen and women?  Are you supporting them, too?
Keep doing what you're doing Mr. President.
She's SICK just like her big orange daddy
Shocked. SHOCKED! to see no Trump family member representing military spouses. You know, someone who's sacrificed for, not fleeced, America.
ai
Her father is not originally American,& they're trillionaires.
SO how do rhey know what peoples want 
They care about Israel &their money
Ivanka Trump ! You doing a fantastic job , just like your dad 
It is truly SAD that SBA treats Service Disabled Veterans the way they do. Not in keeping with Trump WH! Shameful! @realDonaldTrump @VP #DTS
I heard a similar Fake News before  Oh yeah, I'll work for y'all. Look at that fake smile though. He knew he was lying. #TrumpCrimeFamily
I'm disgusted that trump even TOUCHED that flag! Lying SOB!
I'm glad you guys talked about how poorly our teachers are paid and hardly need certification. Utah is full of white privilege. There is
I'm working on a huge project to help the veterans here in BAY PINES FL... LARGEST VA AROUND.. AND THOUSANDS OF HOMELESS VETS TOO :'(
You're not committed to anything except profits.
What does SHE know about military spouses??? NONE Of the Trump men ever served their country including golden boy
Thank you for caring.  These young people are forever away from parents siblings grandparents for years to protect us.  Lets do more 4 them.

Unlike your father, you are going to look fabulous in prison orange. Let that sink in.....
You did not invent this. It has been going on for 20 years plus. I was Spouse Employment Mgr. Chk on what Michelle did re licensing.
thanku trump
What the hell does any Trump know about the military? Especially military service. Not the dad. That's for sure. Coward.
What's Melania's project going to be?
REAL NEWS! NOT FAKE - Want to hire a VET =#DTS SBA What to hire a military spouse #DTS SBA @SecShulkin @realDonaldTrump @VP @DeptVetAffairs
What is she doing in the WH? No experience, just like you. Get the professionals in.
In other words you can't live on what the military pays you
Wow, these Libs are so stupid just at Aww!!  Glad the Trumps are revealing the Libs true colors. Thank you Trump family
You do realize you have to pay them at least minimum wages ... unlike your "labour" camps off shore !
Oh my god-can you people stop your BULLSHIT and go away already???
Does raping women and bragging about it count as support? I bet your childhood was awesome with all that rape flying around.
As long as they're straight? #WorstPresidentEver #MostHatedManInAmerica #DumpTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow
If the administration is so committed to supporting military families, why hasn't your father commented on the 3 missing Marines? You suck
God bless our military spouses
gave JARED KUSHNER senior adviser position (August 6, 2017; 11:56 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL

You are so nice
Ivanka loves Kim, Donald hates Kim
FAKE NEWS
Also to allowing you to use slave labor to make your products.
Your father never wore a uniform and thinks war heros who are captured are not really war heros...no respect for a woman groper
Lesley Stahl: People think that you're going to be part of the administration, Ivanka.

Ivanka Trump: I'm-- no. I'm going to be a daughter.
Absolutely thanks
Your father is a draft dodger he is a coward that stayed home while others went off to fight for this country he is a disgrace
Want send a quick shout-out to all your family who've served?
Anyone...Bueller...

Trump family of frauds and grifters  #TrumpCrimeFamily #Unelected #Unqualified
Is Cushner  finally joining the military and going to be deployed with ground troops in Afghanistan and Syria?
You listened but do you care?  You don't care about your workers in foreign countries - they can't even see their kids
You should help moroccan talented  womens.
And you are committed to making your products outside of the USA because you can not make enough profit making them here. Now, answer that.
DO you need any Logo and Brand Identity design? Please contact##https://www.fiverr.com/logoflowss/do-best-logo-design-service
Lie detector test determined that was a lie
Please look into FEMA policy rates. Extreme high rates pushing senior's from homes. No competition leads to a monopoly. HELP!
https://youtu.be/0STS7HBi5Cw 

. . . heteronormative spouses. Committed to supporting heteronormative military spouses. You forgot that part, @IvankaTrump 
Ivanka is doing a great job for American women.  Super role model.  God bless you both! 
Just not the spouses of trans military folks, who'll be fired from serving their country
But also commited to closing daycares.
https://www.bostonglobe.com/opinion/2017/08/07/for-someone-who-never-served-donald-trump-sure-loves-criticize-those-who-have/4iNecGptidfOXqTgTTHeFI/story.html … @realDonaldTrump  serves himself as do his children. Quite obvious how much #Trump hates #America but he 's our $$
FAKE NEWS YOU CARE ABOUT NO ONE NOT NAMED TRUMP
Why is this girl is even in the WH?  oh yeah. Daddy issues.  Perhaps next month SHE can pretend to be POTUS, you, water the lawn or go golf
Why america may be first without Islamic world coalition?with Hindu or boddh world of moortipuja shirq when eissa was prophet.Aip
As long as there is no transgender involved, right? Sick and canting!
شكرا على ذوقك وقال الرسول ان بيتش
What exactly are you going to commit?
Awww you read an email.
Unless you're part of the LGBT community then you're screwed.
please delineate what exactly those commitments to support military families are. we hear a lot of promises but not much, if any, substance
promises without substance are just empty words which I'm sure you would agree.
It is nice to see you are carrying.on the Legacy Flotus Obama started.
Nobody believes this.
FAKE NEWS. FAKE YOU, FAKE FAMILY, Lies and fakery all day every day. RESIGN. go have more surgeries or something.
Trump family (Mr. P, M, I, D, E, T, B), 
Thank you ALL for #MAGA. Ur the best!
America (the majority that matters) is eternally grateful!!!!
why no military service from any Trump or Trump in-law #cowardsTrump
Well done sir.
You're flying them to China so they can work in your factories? ?? #MAGA #pence4Prez
You're the president why are you involving yourself in everything????
@cmerry troll much. Memes, for people who dont have their own thoughts.
Is that what you do all day? Empty photo ops? #grafter #complicit
Are you committed to caring for your sweathouse workers?
Oh stop. You never served as a military spouse. How would you know. Such a bull sh..er
gay is a mental disorder tell President Trump to stand strong
Another story about the useless WH skank with a security clearance.  Embarrassing and sad....

Ivanka, like your father, you have no credibility.   How many deferments did your dad take, being afraid to join the military when called?
It appears they are all you have left because you have the power to alter their pay. Dont tell me your STAGED rallies are an indication...

Great! Admin need to release our Innocent Political Prisoners wrongly detained. NOW!! Actually 18 months ago!!!
This has been going on for more yrs. than they want to admit...now it's going to change...YOU ARE  OUR PRESIDENT it will get done, wait & C
J
Sure it is.  #DonTheCon has your back!
the new princess Diana? NEVER
Bullshit. You are a LIAR and a CON-MAN, just like the rest of your family. #LockHerUp

Empty words unfortunately u and the rest of your corrupt family lie
You are a great lady, Ivanka. And I so appreciate having your father as the President of our GREAT COUNTRY! #MAGA
Can u get your hubby to shut up?!!!
