
Charottesville Mayor and Police Chief created conditions for this tragedy, and stood down. They own it.  #MAGA @realDonaldTrump #TrumpTrain https://twitter.com/Franklin_Graham/status/896878033147244545 …
Hypocrisy of left is suffocating. Their rhetoric speaks for itself. Read all the horrendous hateful targeted comments. Baseless Judgements

Nothing to see here just #BlackLivesMatter screaming "I hope they kill all the white babies! Kill all your grandkids"
Yepp this is real normal ??? Good God.
Funny how you have no outrage over the myriad neo-nazis talking about killing blacks and Jews.
If the media gave the neo-Nazis the platform they give BLM, you bet we would respond with great ire. Media mostly ignores, as they should.
Well as you asked, here are some neo-Nazis in their own words, such nice people..

https://news.vice.com/story/vice-news-tonight-full-episode-charlottesville-race-and-terror …

#Charlottesville @vicenews
It's a tragedy that a nutcase ran people over, but let's not pretend Charlottesville is a mecca of hope & love. Quite the opposite!
Just to be clear.. you're comparing nazis... to abortions?...
I'm shedding light on the horrors that are occur in Charlottesville that the mainstream media ignores. Thousands have been murdered.
Having your opinions on abortion is fine. We don't share the same views but to say that the literal KKK march is second hand to abortions is
It's a tragedy that a woman died. It's also a tragedy that nearly a thousand babies are dismembered there every year. Why are you silent?
I'm not going to argue with you about abortion. You're entitled to your opinion but to compare the two is not right.
Why are you silent? Since you're so sensitive to issues of human suffering. A thousand babies dismembered doesn't cross your radar?
Not really. I am pro choice and don't feed into conservative propaganda or the hypocrisy of caring more about unborn fetuses than
As soon as trump is finished with his second term.. on to ivanka both of which are amazing contributors to society and great people!!!
 He won't make it through his 1st term.
I would put money on it that he is there for the next 7years billy boy
Ok. We will see
What I don't understand is why people hate trump... He is funny, old, and is married to a bombshell. Great kids, great leader. And so on

ACLU confirms that police were given stand-down order. This invited the violence the city used to shut down a court-permitted protest. https://twitter.com/ACLUVA/status/896386562484731904 …
Mayors Fault not Trumps
DJT has been priming these a-holes since he announced his candidacy! He's incited & encouraged violence & offered to pay legal fees!!
You read from a White House statement rather than from the heart like you do at your ego rallies. You show more passion in your nasty tweets

I can't believe that fake medal Sheriff who leaves people to die in prisons & chains up women in labour is still a thing. Embarrassing
#TuesdayThoughts 

Public opinion forced #tRUMP to read from a teleprompter.

But his words mean nothing unless he fires all his WH Nazis.
COMING UP ON #TuesdayThoughts:

FORGET

Air Berlin, 

Jimmy Fallon,

Three CEOs,

#REDALERT!

GOT TO READ THIS:
COMING UP ON #TuesdayThoughts:

FORGET

#MyBiggestFailure,

#WhyILeftIn4Words,

#REDALERT!

GOT TO READ THIS:
COMING UP ON #TuesdayThoughts:

FORGET
Air Berlin,
Three CEOs,
#NationalRelaxationDay,
#REDALERT!
GOT TO READ THIS:
Too little, too late. Your base already read your signals & understood you were on the side of the Nazis. They read you hate loud & clear
and so do we. We know that by waiting until you "had" to say something under pressure, that you did not mean a word of it. So do they.
So they can read your statement today as something you said just to satisfy the media and not what is in your heart. And so do we.
You're not clever enough to thread that needle. The Nazis see you & know you are one of them. and so do we.
Your first impulse was wrong. That's the issue. Put down Twitter and go think abt what YOU did wrong and WHY. Then, change. You can do it.
If you reflected & told American ppl you were wrong (and why), that helps you--retweeting white supremacists proves your words insincere
He didn't  do anything wrong,no matter what he said or when would be the same response  from the left. Both sides were absolutely  wrong.
We literally went to war against NAZIs in World War II. Were both sides wrong then?
Different scenario. Far as I know we are not at war with each other ,yet.
And???Unlike you I guess I won't  apologize for my evil "whiteness".Seeing as how I didn't  get a choice in my heritage.
We saw what happened in #Charlotteville 
You can call the news fake all you want, but you cannot change the #Truth.
#TrumpLies

Did they think we would forget..Remember?

Hillary PRAISES Robert Byrd 
"HE'S MY MENTOR"
http://youtu.be/7YMJI0A0978 
Funny how there's 2 sides to every story isn't it? 
- there's the propaganda aka #FakeNews 
- then there's the Truth somewhere in between
They don't speak the truth nor do they own the truth. Good evening.
.@realDonaldTrump you are always the victim!  Did you pick up the phone to call Heather's family?! Have you said her name? #Charlottesville
Of course not. It's not his style. He can't have a conversation that isn't all about him. #ImpeachTrumpNow
It's not the news media that will never be satisfied with your limp attempt at denouncing Naxi violence- it's every decent global citizen
You mean the grandstanding CEO.  He blames a lack  diversity and than walks away from opportunity to influence the POTUS and policy. Smart?
The uglies are out in full force today- blocking
I can not believe I voted for you I totally regret it I didn't want Hillary to win but now she should of Anyone better than you
I burned your tweet.

Just because an orange habitual liar calls it fake doesn't mean it's true.
I would also name CNN, MSNBC and others, as hate groups.  Hate is hate, no matter who it's against. Our county is divided because of hate.
Pls say you're not from the US....
Yes! I will vote for Trump and Pence again!
Idiot
Isn't it funny how their Russian fairytale isn't going anywhere so here comes the manufactured Race war again!
Seriously, stop feeling sorry for yourself and take responsibility for yourself.  Words matter.  Too few, too late!
and you're perfect. Looking in the mirror?
False equivalence much?
Oooooh, I see what happened. You mixed them up.
I told him to resign.  Presidency just wasn't his thing.
It's a high bar to set, but somehow, you've managed to be the stupidest and least successful president in US history. You're our George III.
This will be the administration where every norm was challenged and we had to relearn what it means to be educated citizens and Americans.
To be fair, we'd clearly forgotten the lesson as a group for a while, now. This is just when it got obvious how much of a PROBLEM it is.
At least something positive has come out of Trumpy being the POTUS. Hightened awareness 
The "lesser evil" argument of the two-party system was always going to lead us here.
WARNING.

The vicious criminal assault of Deandre Harris by white supremacists. Clearest video

ARREST THESE MEN
Watch it in slow motion. Nobody makes contact. Fake and staged
You came to that conclusion before or after we're on the brink of Nuclear Holocaust courtesy of your VOTE
It's not fake to call you out on the fact that it took you multiple days to name the hate groups outright.
it is proper to wait until you have all the facts of who the perpetrator is. They were all involved both sides including BLM
They caught the perpetrator (in the car) on Saturday evening & already posted his mugshot & his charges.
but they did not give his affiliation or connection to which group. It was unclear what he was!
Uhh, yeah they did.
uh NO they didn't not any news source. It was speculated but not confirmed. They still have no clear motive.
Of course to me it's obvious. Doesn't matter what group he's linked to he wanted to kill. EVIL PERIOD!
You know damn well that if what happened was caused by someone that was Muslim that people would be shouting it afterwards.
So stop wasting  your time responding to morons and do what's necessary to save what can still be saved. You are not alone , Mr President.
Rednecks all around the world will always keep on supporting you, blindly, Mr Trump. You are not alone. You can spread wars & misery!
#dummy
America don't need nazis to kill minorities down the street, The police will do the job!
#BlackLivesMatter #PoliceBrutality #WakeUpAmerica

I really didn't want to be seen on video because of massive weight loss. BUT.. I needed to express my views.. #PresidentTrump wants to #MAGA 

Duncan, you know you are an hedonistic Satanist and a Beta male.
I'm actually A hedonist beta fish.
As long as you know that I'm a luciferian working for the deep state and that I'm programming u with memes
your speech about Charlottesville was disingenuous. The words came from a speech writer not you.
Words would have meant more if DJT had reprimanded hate groups for violence in his name.  Why couldn't he say that?
The careless remarks of @Walmart CEO Doug McMillan just caused me to stop giving Walmart my money. #black #supremacists #BLM #Charlotteville
I am going to inform Wal-Mart that I will stop spending my money in their store. Our President denounced all violence, on all sides.
Your Grandfather was a pimp & a Tax Evader.Your Father was in the Klan.I see the Evil roots of your family tree are still bearing BAD fruit
Could I just remind you (you apparently missed it in school) what #Nazism is all about? You look like you think this is ok, #RacistInChief
Just a reminder that you did not get the Popular vote. Not enough Nazis and KKK?  #ImpeachTrump
Maybe you should fire the white supremacists in the White House. #FireBannon #FireMiller #FireGorka
Yes @realDonaldTrump, some people blame the @POTUS for everything.

1. Weren't those #Nazis all Trump supporters?

2. Remember this tweet?
#FakeNews @CNN @NBCnews @ABC @CBSnews @NYtimes & @washingtonpost also Establishment @GOP @DNC doing great harm to America #HatersGonnaHate
"MESH" Is NOT "FAKE" News.! It is Permanently "Maimin" & "Killing" women, Men & Children.!
#MESH kills steals and DESTROYS! Say No to #mesh! BAN #MESH!!
Trumpy, you know how you get when you don't take your 3pm snack. Please be mindful of taking your raisins and graham crackers today at 3. Ty
who's the grown up?
Sorry, yeah, that would be Donald Trump. Sorry to confuse you. I hope that helps! :)
Too little, too late.
Your words are hollow. 
You are a coward and a fool.

#TrumpMustFall
And YOUR PRESIDENT!
Yes our president is absolutely corrupt & repugnant...that's why, when your president makes ours look tame, there's a serious problem.
ПЕТЯ БЛЯДЬ
Your pattern: The more loathesome you get the closer #MuellerIsComing Panic in the White House of Horrors. Today's approval rating 34%.
You might remember the bad people are the Nazi's . #FakePresident
Not supporting the Nazis at all...but i believe in #freedomofspeach you liberals need to stop trying to take that away from society
Check your head, removing free speech is a #fakenews tactic. The eradication of the media is what dictators do. #wtfu
That's what liberals are led to believe so they can continue on with there fake stories to force on society
Seriously? You really believe that shit?  You'd rather someone protect their financial interests than help the person who needs it? #wtfu
@JustinTrudeau and his liberal party do it every day in canada so why not
Where does this BS come from? Why would you say such inane things, it's completely opposite of what @POTUS is doing.
No its not the liberals are just using Canadians tax dollars and telling people what to believe
Mr. Trump, you should be ashamed. You're our elected figurehead, yet you lack basic maturity, decency and common sense.
And that is being kind!
Military on the southern border? I have been calling for that for years. Constantine wire, predator drones, and sensors as well.
You made additional remarks 3 days late, after resisting all calls to do so beforehand. Yet you tweet about perceived slights within seconds
have a read
Its fake news bro. Trump is the greatest President we have ever had. Just because an online blogger thinks hes racist doesnt make it true.
so, calling for innocent black people to be hung in the 70s isn't racist? Surely you can't believe what you are claiming.
He never called for black people to be hung doe

It's only fake news when the media reports anything shows you in bad light (in other words the truth)
Why so upset?
I'm not upset, he's just being an idiot.
You call out the media more than you call out groups like KKK & Neo-Nazis.
because media is 24/7. DUH!
That was the worst excuse ever. The incident in #Chatlottesville didn't dissipate from the world suddenly. The issue still stands.
you're right it does but criticizing and demonizing POTUS isn't bringing change. Bringing more evil and hate. More division.
POTUS = PIECE OF TOTALLY USELESS SHIT

they should have added fog machines and lasers when you were so cavalier about your winery instead of talking about that young ladies family
Democrats (liberals) are just evil, demented people who are anti american...
How many US journalists who have suddenly found their investigative intuition would be so enthusiastic towards Clinton? #
instead of @real it should be: @racistDonaldTrump !

You're the kind of shit that keeps giving!  GIVE OUR DEMOCRACY BACK!! Yes
Keep doing what you do!!! Some of us are smart enough to know the truth! Thank you for doing what you do!!!!
Fake news ??   You are such a baby !
You are an evil in our world
don't okay just don't you not only let that ship pass but you sank it
FU
FAKE PRESIDENT is more like it. NYET MY PRESIDENT
Some of the fascists were wearing 42nd Airborne insignia, the real 42nd landed on D-Day to fight fascists and Nazi's just like them. Idiots
Truly bad President.
It's not the "Fake News Media" that is making you look bad it's your own words that makes you look bad!!!
No, You, your kids and your cronies in the WH are the TRULY BAD people!
The media has done everything to destroy you. When the dust settles you will be still standing. We stand with you.
 News is the closest thing to fake news but you just don't want your voters to think that you are racist. Once again he is whining like a 
Mr. President, don't let them back you up one inch. Tens of millions of American citizens are behind you. The Left's doing is reprehensible.
I know you love this country Mr President, and I'm very proud of all the hard work your doing Despite the alt left demacrats obstructionist
They are reporting on truly bad people...you got that right, Mister!

But dont play into their hands Sir.

You dont have to agree with their bias but don't give them virtual bullets to shoot you with.
1/It isn't the media, it is the people of this country who read and hear your ignorant, despicable words.
Without the mainstream media, we would never hear the truth about our President who did  not win the popular vote.  We know the truth.
fuck the #Fakemedia  @realDonaldTrump

I'm so super proud of my President. POTUS didn't cave into the PC MSM Socialist narrative supporting facist antifa and racist blm violence 
If you want to see a truly bad person look in the mirror.
Hard scraping shit off your shoes once you've stepped in it.
You're everything I hate about entitled halfwits.
We know what they really want. The enemy of the Country just want to destroy us. Never make them happy. All we can do is DESTROY THEM 2018
The only fake news is from you MR. PRESIDENT. Stop this rhetoric before you do lasting damage to our country
Thank You my President
Look at the difference in coverage? Trump was RIGHT ..BOTH SIDES..
C'mon Don, they're just trying to #makeamericafakeagain
You are the fake news because you're the fake president. ITMFA!
Somebody's a #snowflake
They troll but boom another retweet happens. We love you @realDonaldTrump ignore the left their hatred of USA transcends all things else
You are correct. They are out to get you/us!! Just keep WINNING with your agenda! THAT's what will defeat them!
Don't look forward to having any Ice Water when you die.
You won't ever get to hear from us little people from over the pond but Donald believe me there's a lot of us here that support you
I wish you were better at your job.
You are an exemplary President! The main stream media strives to exacerbate racial tension & hate, no one with a brain or soul believes them
Your absolutely ridiculous.... Sit your #Fake wearing toupée ass down somewhere's !!!!

NEW: Sources close to @JohnKasich tell me, after Charlottesville, there is growing sense of "moral imperative" to primary Trump in 2020.
Please consider Resigning. Honestly, isn't part of a good deal knowing when it's time to leave?
, I don't understand you .
Or better yet ( why or how you need up the President of the United States.....
If you kept to the script there would be no backlash
Don't bother trying to appease those leftists jerks, they hate us and the country.
You defended the fine white supremacist group, while the Family of Lee disavowed the kkk & white supremacy groups.
Please address this, be a leader for once, is possible for you to ever be presidential?  #impeach
Pathetic. Just pathetic.
Resign
Thanks for all you do we're ready if you need us
Many see through their blantent lies we stand with you Mr. President! #TEAMTRUMP
"blatant".....you're welcome!
I stand corrected.
The only person who is truly bad is you.  The Media is full of good people trying to do their job.  No time for golf.
3
You're the bad person. The worst.
Don't believe anything Goldstein's Brotherhood says!!!  #1984
hahahaha! You calling someone else a bad person?? Omg! Best example of "the pot calling the kettle black" I've ever heard!
You lie about your winery and then have the balls to call fake news? You are a liar.  Not fake, a liar.
You are a national embarrassment.
Thank you Mr. President for your Truth and Courage. You are the best President in my life time. Including Reagan.
WHINING. The #IlliterateOrangeAPE is WHINING! 

I am SHOCKED, I say, SHOCKED!
44 had more class in his pinky than all of your clan combined.
@wolfblitzer Where were U when a truck ran over so many in Nice, London, Paris That's why no one watches U! You don't know what's happening
Donald Trump the media are not the bad people, it's the Nazis and white supremacists and anyone else who preaches violence/hate/racism etc
The only way they will be satisfied is if you renounce all your beliefs and support their agenda.  No way, Jose'
Fake news? Fake president re Time magazine photo ... really.
Sad You are the leader of this country Act like it
#FakeFOXNews
Omg , people plz !! Mr. Trump has said truth !! As much as I despise the KKK and BLM , tell me which one has showed the most violence over
Why would you start to expect anything Truthful from them Now...Praying for you in the Hornets Nest...May God continue to Protect U
To hell with the Fake news, Drain the SWAMP
it was your 1st and 3rd remarks that reveal who you are!  Sad, sad, scared racist man.
FAKE NEWS & MAINSTREAM MEDIA WILL PUT OUT NEGATIVE NEWS 24/7. ON TRUMP,  THEY CONTROL THE AIRWAVE 
Haha nice rhetoric your sticking to there ladddd lets get this ww3 u r wanting over with already
Don't take ?'s from the fake news media, make a statement, & don't answer any ?'s, they are maggots...they won't have ANYTHING to report
It isn't that @realDonaldTrump .People are just tired of your bullshit. YOU encouraged this behavior during your campaign.Leave it alone.
statue were good people. Alongwith on the opposing side, that some people were not being violent, but just there to show
#fakepresident
As a non-American, I had thought why you couldn't call out neo-nazis and then I realized that you may be a descendant of the original Nazi.
Has anyone made an extensive research on Trump's German origin? You may find some interesting backstory there.
Seriously though wtf is wrong with you
Don't worry about MSN! They didn't vote for U folks like I did we love& appreciate U just keep on doing what you're doing #MYPOTUSROCKS
I listened 2 full segs each time. It's UR words that Americans, whose parents fought nazis for ours & others freedom, R angry with. #45Fail
Ya no like oh wait did I say that out loud I ment I am a pussy n wont stand behind the racist I truly n secretly am ? Or no ?
YOU are a Truly Bad Person, Trump!  YOU are Defective!  YOU are a Loser!  Sorry, but I can't Lie!
#trumpISNOTsmart
@rosie
It matters not what you do or say. Sin & hate have blinded many eyes. Jesus, who is perfect, was persecuted & crucified. STAND FIRM @POTUS
Yea just stay unhinged!!! That's more of your style anyway! No more scripts or teleprompters!! Speak from your racist heart!! #russianspy
not just bad...demon possessed
Keep convincing yourself of that. And I won't hold my breath to hear you apologize. You were taught never to apologize. Feel sorry 4 you
You have done to much damage to be that stupid. Your remarks are deplorable and you need to resign. To be unwilling to condemn Nazi's? WTH!
Have you ever considered how your immediate Jewish family feels about your abhorrent comments? Oh.Wait. Forgot u only think about yourself.
Fake News Media is a bottomless pit of evil. MSM is never satisfied because Evil only gets more Evil, by what people choose to do or think.
cry cry
They r bad ppl. Propaganda. Media Laws must be changed. Media must be accountable for false reporting.  They destroy good lives.
You're the "truly bad people". You're the fake news too because you lie constantly. It's really sad that you live in an alternate reality.
It doesn't matter what POTUS says, the MSM will distort it, modify it, change its context to suit their demonization agenda.
Because they used your words against you doesn't make hem "fake" my god my four year old is more emotionally mature

No you are a really bad person.
Really what is wrong with you?
Yes, the "fake news media" are the bad people. You're right, lil Donny. Keep it up.
That’s because you said there were very fine people on both sides.
#dumbass
You're an embarrassment to your family and our country.  Stop blaming others.  Resign.  Please.
Be Proud President Trump! You are wiser than Ones who JUDGE by hearing Only One Side! You are America's President! HERO! AND Freedom
That's what you have in common!!
You're a bad person
President Trump if we keep talking about #FakeNews the more they're going to do it, they want us to talk about, they want to piss us off,
When you talk like a racist & walk like a #racist & play footsie w/ #KKK & #WhiteSupremacists #MrTrump your denials fall on deaf ears
Fake President with fake sentiments and fake successes and fake heart.  GENERALLY you are one great big giant FAKE.
