
AS YOU SIT IN A HISTORIC MANSION , MILLIONS ARE WORRIED ABOUT PAYING THEIR TAX BILLS, GARNISHED WAGES, AND LOSING THEIR HOMES https://twitter.com/jim8175/status/943900987919667205 …
Just do your best keep a cool head your doing a great job I'm so proud of you
arrived for what to humiliate yourself again
dear me. president !!--Just read some of these repays --WTH is wrong with people ??---You sir AND your beautiful bride are a blessing to the nation !!---
Big deal !!
Just arrived in Taormina with @FLOTUS Melania.  #G7Summit #USA ...
ask your lady who is the man she is cheating on you with..
EXCELLENT !!!
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2017/05/26/breaking-down-trumps-shove-the-internet-debates-and-montenegros-leader-shrugs/?hpid=hp_hp-morning-mix_mm-trump%3Ahomepage%2Fstory&utm_term=.490b30fdf59f …
No, Trump acted like a 6 year old to get to the front of the line!
#UN should free BIAFRA
You should buy some real estate and stay there
He probably will build a vacation "Golf Course" there after he finishes his 2nd term!
Don't come home. You're no longer welcome.
You are always in our prayers, amazing trip !!
EXCELLENT !!!
WELCOME  HOMIE 
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN AND AGAIN AND AGAIN !
Don you are the one
Donald
 Trump
Keep up the good job  and block all idiots  President TRUMP..
REMEMBER! PRAY THE PRAYER OF SOLOMON AND AS DAVID, KEEP YOUR GENERALS CLOSE AT HAND. AND PRAISE YOUR WIFE FOR SHE LOVES YOU!
#Trump2020
WHEN IM DON IM PULL UR CART 2
Do a tour of air force one
We got your back 100%
go back home Donald duck and don't you come back no more, no more ... hit the road jack! lol
you have carrot skin and your hair is a mop
Nice plane. You don't deserve it.
You mean flotu$. Even she seems repulsed by everything about you...except your $
Your so nice and thic daddy
was your golf cart waiting for you? low energy.
Since when has Taormina an airport that can host AF1?
OH, you actually waited for your wife Melania this time... for public  appearance?  Do not think the American people are fools!
Australians love Melania
Just satisfied 50% with cav.fefe?! 
Do fries come with that covfefe
Did she finally allow you to hold her hand??!! 
Shouldn't be allowed out of the house, never mind the country.
You are going to leave the white House in disgrace.

She must be miserable having to spend all that time with you.
Hide your women!!!!!!
You are an embarrassment.
NEW: An insurance company CEO decides to tell all about Trumpcare.

https://www.usnews.com/opinion/policy-dose/articles/2017-05-30/republicans-raised-your-health-care-premiums-not-obamacare?src=usn_tw … …
I'm sure she's delighted. She hates you as much as the rest of the world.
Donald Trump you are the best président for USA and for the world, specially all the congoleses and africa hope you will recure us

Air Force 1 should have took a dip will be better 4 Country if it had happened never to be found nothing lost plenty saved democracy from
God Be With You Both an Guide You.
This isn't political but I want that 747
Beautiful!! God bless!
Good
She won't hold your hand!! Hahahahaha......
you know she doesn't like you?
Embarrassing the US all over the world!
Oh damn!  Was hoping you were landing in hell.
I love Sicily!!  And our President and First Lady!!!
Is Melania going to get back in? Need to check the ban. Great trip so far. So much respect. Germany taking me seriously. Montenegro beat up.
The first lady needs to hide when she's upset with you. Regardless the reason, you both need to have the appearance of a strong unit.
TRUMP ALWAYS LIES! Traitor Trump and his criminals! Kushner espionage too?
Why'd you ride around in a golf cart like a low energy/no stamina old man? Macron & Merkel walked together & laughed at you & your fake tan.
Plz resign Sir.

You should have landed in Russia where your friends are waiting. We the People DO NOT WANT YOU!
SHE
Is the greatest woman!
God bless this great lady
Sustain her
Give her support of Godly and wise friends 
Is this where she slapped your hand away?
It looks like she slapped your hand away.
we love you
هلا
Happy you are back home. Melanie we are so proud of you.
SHE is not a FLOTUS. She is a New York economy draining money grubber....and a SPEECH THIEF.
Did she swat your hand again? Or maybe she kneed you in the balls... you would deserve it.
Yes, and she certainly didn't look very happy to be around you.  Your trophy wife is no FLOTUS.  There's nothing first lady about her.
YOU DON'T REPRESENT US, EVERYONE KNOWS A MISTAKE HAS BEEN MADE BUT WE'RE GOING TO FIX IT, NO FOOL AND LOSER IN OUR HOUSE MUCH LONGER! RESIGN
Alzheimers Alzheimers Alzheimers Alzheimers Alzheimers Alzheimers Alzheimers Alzheimers Alzheimers Alzheimers Alzheimers Alzheimers
DAMN THOUGHT U WOULD NOT COME BACK !!!
Good thing you got your adulterous porn model wife out of Saudi before they stoned her to death for having nekkid pictures on the internet.
melania goes back to prison at trump tower?  gotta keep her somewhere she can't talk or escape.
and gone, faggy. You spoiled the summit, but we'll do without You.
Too bad your plane didn't crash.  I am disappointed yet again.
Why won't  she hold your hand
Quite funny really for us in the UK - Donald TRUMP - means Fart. With his FLATUS - also meaning fart. Sorry FLOTUS- flatus & floater combo!

nauseating
What the f*** is this
Did she push your hand away again? When is she moving to the White House anyway? Lol Never you creep her out & rightfully so!!!
You promised not to touch MEDICARE & SOCIAL SECURITY!! PLEASE KEEP THAT CAMPAIGN PROMISE!!!!! NO CUTS EITHER!!
Poor Melania!
Poveri Siciliani.  Spero che L'Etna non si arrabbia perché' tu sei arrivato.
Poor woman hates you- that's why she doesn't live with your fat old ass.
HAHAHA< god, she hates you.
You two still together ?
Run Melania run, as fast as u can and don't look back!
She doesn't even like you
beautiful plane far more than you deserve please resign.
Golf cart waiting? #lazy #resigntrump
Yeah we see how she isn't liking your ass lately either lol SAD!!
And, she's depressed
Eat  traitor
She slap your pussy grabbing hand then too?
Being a floater and a FLOTUS is not the same thing.  Melania is most definitely NOT a First Lady of The United States Of America. #IMPEACH
They were thrilled to see you there, not wearing head phones. Arrogant and Rude !
Yawn....
How much are you paying her? No holdng hands clause for this trip? Oversight. You looked like a bigger fool than usual.
FLOTUS hates your guts.
What did you have to threaten that poor woman with to make her hold your hand?
You know every single one of them had seen your wife naked, right?
I would like to work for Mr. President Donald Trump he purchased a property in Newport RI and I do great work so much I could learn from
good night
So glad you didn't forget her...
So, I see you are forcing her to hold your hand now. We are not fooled. She finds you repulsive....as do the HUGE majority nation/world.
Oh ya the woman that wouldn't hold your " little" hand?
keep going we need you
Thanks for clarifying! Let us know when u get a new @FLOTUS & don't forget to add her name too so we know which wife you're mentioning, oaf!
Nice to hear from the "FAKE" president, Donnie himself. Admired by the "FAKE" GOP that keep their mouths shut. @Impeach_D_Trump @CNN
@POTUS @FLOTUS Did you buy her that expensive jacket so she'd be nice to you? She doesn't even want to touch you, so bribery it is!
You mean your gold digging so called porn wife who refuses to bed with you nightly?
It's so nice to see the President finally walking next to the first lady vs way ahead
will she let you touch her in public now?
Did she swat your grimy hand away from her in Italy too? 
Leave Melania alone donald. She doesn't want to have anything to do with you. #SAD
Pngngmg

Yeah...@FLOTUS Melania....who can hardly stomach you anymore....it just took her waaaay longer to get there than it took us!
Praying for your continued safe journey! My POTUS and Flotus!!
@FLOTUS clearly doesn't like or respect you.
its so  sad   no  one see  your  heaven   sent   anyou  will fulfillgods  plan ibelive  in you   an  sstand  by  you10,000000
Do not allow donations to foundations!!!!!!  We have enogh problems man!!!!  Jarrod and Ivanka better cool it!!!!
Grab her by the ..... hand
He sure is mentioning Melania a lot recently. Almost like some sort of damage control. (Subtext: she hates you)
Melania hates your lazy orange ass
Awesome Mr. President.
