Fast and Furious Victim, Australian Born US Citizen, Ian M. Garland,Please help me MR President
Can you see how sick you are? Why was this deleted? Hmm?
Can't imagine why Trump deleted these 
From @FoxNews "Bombshell: In 2016, Obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an American election."  Check out his stat...
It's #MuellerTime try not to act so guilty and desperate.
Witches might eat children, curse villages and conjure demons but treason is where they draw the line.
The small handed pinhead of the east?
Fast and Furious Victim, Australian Born US Citizen, Help me please 432 924-3611  Ian M. Garland
Hillarious
Anyone 'but them' he meant!! #shameful #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA
How do we even know if Obama was actually elected? Obama after 2 election called Americans racist. Maybe he lost & knows by how much, alot?
Obama was elected fairly &: was the least racist person. Quit watching Fox news,  they can't quit lying.  That's why they back trump
If Obama was elected twice fairly and he was the least racist person why does Obama call Americans racist, when they voted him in twice?

BREAKING! 56% say #Trump “tearing the country apart” @FoxNews #Poll MORE: http://fxn.ws/2vtowCl  
سلام اقای ترامپ عزیزچرابه ایران حمله نمیكنی ایاازایران ترس ووحشت داری اقای خامنه ایی تورودست انداخته میفهمی

I guess you knew for sure... how did you know for sure?
This loser fake president* is desperate for one single #Bombshell that he thinks will offset the daily parade of them exposing him.
YOU'RE RETRACTING STAFF MEMBERS
Bombshell: In 2017, politicians can still threaten to revoke American rights.
Hold my beer... @realDonaldTrump Probability of Trump: 0.74
PLEASE drain swamp. We are sick of their Russia lies. #maga #democratslyingrats #lockdemsup
Answer me 1 Q- WHY IS MUELLER STILL INVESTIGATING A NON-EXISTENT RUSSIAN COLLUSION #NothingBurger??? HE SHOULD CLOSE IT IMMEDIATELY ! 
I guess you proved him wrong
So we should take Obama's words now as valid. Do you know that #Gaslighting only works as long as your victims are unaware? Try harder.
I thought you were too busy to watch TV
Guess you and Putin proved him wrong! Even a blind squirrel finds a nut  sometimes.
Save it for court.
Your jealousy & hatred for one of the most respected & honored men in modern times will be your demise.

May God have mercy on your soul.
The hunt ended the day you were hacked into office!
Seems like you were mistaken here. Your own son is colluding with the Russians. 

Didn't you get the memo?
Donald Trump says "witch hunting". In Japan it says "Oyaji hunting".
So when did you start believing what President Obama said you illegitimate traitor president
Nobody believes anything you say.  That's real.
Unlike you, he was trying to build confidence in Democracy
So you believe Obama now?
He was right. Because he never imagined that US citizens would open the damn door for the Russians. And I'm talking about u, traitor.

Look at what you have done to your own family, involving them in your corruption.  Such a terrible father.
From #FAKE @FoxNews you witch.
Say good-bye Don.
You tried to sell us on Obama not being an American for 5 years. Now u try to sell us on another thing about him. Why believe YOU?
But you sure proved him wrong didn't you, by rigging the election. You're an idiot. I can't go a day without saying it.
And the first "witch" has been caught. First of many.
Feeling a tad squirmy? How does it feel knowing that investigators are 10 steps ahead and no amount of diverting will stop the inevitable?
You said it was rigged. Are you calling yourself a liar?
Under his watch, probably not. Under yours, not a problem...at all. You even helped them

@realDonaldTrump

And yet you let the Russians rig your election! That's the only reason you think you won. Hilary won the popular vote and it shows!
why are you talking about Obama
Goodbye mr trump. 
Couldn't even do the presidency right.
I guess your family proved him wrong on that one. @SoSofieFatale @MtnMD #Resistance
And then came you !


Nice attempt at deflection. YOU HAVE BEEN CAUGHT! This is not about Obamacare. It is about you and your campaign conspiring to release 1/
2/ damaging information hacked about Hillary Clinton and the Russians hacking our Democracy and voting systems. YOU are a criminal and 3/
Well you and Russia proved him wrong on one thing traitor
You are not in campaign against Obama,you are such a low class,did you ever saw a Twitter from Obama talking and complaining about bush.?
Russia could not have Clinton a strong honest woman in power so tried hard enough to get stupid greedy puppet into WH ... winner !

Are you "Witch Hunt," in this scenario?
They've got #YourStupidWorlock!!  Are you going to throw him #UnderTheBus. Think of you his family!!
Guess they caught the witch
Trump surely inherited a true mess.  I'm glad he's fixing it.
From @FoxNews "Bombshell: In 2016, Obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an American election." Check out his statement- Witch Hunt!
https://twitter.com/damejemarshall/status/883901889049317376 …
Of course TRUMP is dropping clues. Anything to deflect away from his own mistakes

.@FoxNews has been treating me very unfairly & I have therefore decided that I won't be doing any more Fox shows for the foreseeable future.
Fox news  owned Trump...no witch hunt  you are a crook
And the Don Red Russian Diversion Con continues. Every word from the mouth of CON Man IS BULL. @SteelBackbone
Your just NOT paying attention are you...? It's #CNN that is the con.
He is obviously wrong u did it u Russian RedPublicConKlan Nixon/Ailes did it in 68 and Bush vs Gore RedPublicConKlan talks rest of us are
You know we don't give a  about what you say right? Especially about OUR GREATEST PRESIDENT EVER OBAMA
Corrupt Head Muslim!
Not since President Nixon have I ever seen the press  treat the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA So  unfairly!
Nobody could have imagined the EVIL that actually exists!
Thought Hillary would win and they wouldn't need Russian narrative, because Ambassador would have an office in Hillary WH
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJo6hxDm5SGls0WJKxbj_Yj2x5bTqIjIsgDhM0/ …
#25thAmendmentNow
Don't waste time thinking about BO & his hate 4 America. He's a hate organizer & a pro at voter fraud. He knows how 2 register illegals.....
Stop pointing fingers! A leader leads through all the muck, he doesn't stop to point fingers and explain why.
Don't you get tired of your broken record of "Obama" and "Hilary"? Make America great again and stand tall.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr
you are just jealous of Obama because he was a human being and you are a Thing
Get Sessions 2 fire the Special Council. This BS has gone on long enough, Mr President!
So you think the election was rigged?
#MAGA
Nice
Foxnews IS FakeNews
Trump is Fake President
focus on doing your job
Ur making nore problems than ur solving
Even a blind squirrel catches a nut once in a while so I guess you are right once in a while ... elections were rigged in your favor. Resign
Every time fox news appears: drink 2 beers and cry a little
HAY ! He was wrong! By the way, why do hate him so much?
You, people are incredibly stubborn.........we've proved you wrong since Trump was elected. You're to proud to admit you're wrong
He's a disgrace.
Obama, that is....... total scamming cheating radical, off his meds.
What is good for the goose is not good for the gander
#FakeTrumpTweets
The same Obama you've characterized as illegitimate and ineffective?
Please resign.
@realDonaldTrump please continue keeping us informed.  We will have haters for the rest of our lives.
Ass
#TrumpOffTwitter #DeleteYourAccount #NoFascistUSA #J15TrumpPenceMustGo
Delusional.
What is your opinion on cyber bullying?
Do you know what a witch-hunt is?
STOP. WATCHING. FOX. NEWS.... . PLEASE!
Shame on you.
Yes absolutely I saw the video you couldn't make it up lol  
We always have your back Mr. President. Excellent Independence Day speech, loved every second of it!
He had already done it
He WAS WRONG, I agree. YOU HAVE SUCCEDED WITH RUSSIA!
Fake news is not a bombshell. Stop repeating misrepresentations and lies. You are undermining our nation day by day.
obama lied about everything -  can't really use him as a credible source media is paid propaganda who's owners obviously didn't buy you 
Oh come on and stop your perpetual lies and nonsenses!!!
This man is very sick why is he still in office, I just don't understand
You did the same thing.
You proved that you can and did.
Which is it a Bomb cell or a Witch hunt can't be both can it
That's y he told u abt Russian meddling and that u should carry on the investgation and u dismissed it and did nothing excpt put a line in
FOX is fake news.
Democrats are just fucking with you. Ignore them.
Don't you have work to do?
Keep tweeting
Late John Paul Jackson the Man of God, Prophecied before 2012 election that Obama will win 2nd term because Democrats rigg the election.
Shut up about Obama and do your job.... damn
Freedom caucus finally speaking up #investigatetheinvestigators
And Mr. Trump, Fox is biased propeganda, & the National Enquirer, real fake news.
Like we are supposed to believe anything Fox News says. Unlike you, we know what is accurate reporting & what  biased propeganda is.
Your problem must be solved by yourself. Keep going to fix your country and confusion is very important things to do.
Of course he did!  That is when OBummer thought Crooked Hillary had it in the bag.  Which most would have except she choked! Nonchalanted it
I guess you showed him how wrong he was.
You are so sexually into Obama it's nuts!  Just get a print out of him and go to town! Fulfill your fantasies!!!!
Do you literally get all of your information from Fox News? Do you use reputable sources? Or just straight trash?
lol remember that time he put sanctions on Russia and took back spy compounds due to meddling? Good times.
That is fun coming from Putins butt buddy
Your running off into the night and not coming back will do more to insure our safety than your racist ban.
You lie! Fake president
Here's the bottom line. Look at it! Acknowledge it! Embrace http://it.You 'll never measure up. No matter how much u try! Sad.
Not true. Come on Donald you need to start telling the truth.
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/878711517537083392 …
so is it a witch hunt...or do you admit it was tampered with? pick a statement and stick with it...
Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling, why no action? Focus on them, not T!
Feeling the heat under your feet?
Fox News = FAKE NEWS
How can it be a witch hunt? You are the leader of a coven.  Besides witch's are female,  warlocks are male.
He thought HRC would win and bury his own misdeeds; now you have to go after him and his administration with much greater force.
I can't wait til your gone
They can rig an election...and you should know. Try this one on for size:
You should not utter Obama name!! You are not worthy!!
Fake news fake president
Fox News is fake news
Check out the raw feed video it's awesome 
There all crazy as hell.tired of hearing all that bs
Shut.Up!!!!
You know darn well O was ref to v count on gerrymandered districts that you insisted were rigged, not Russian influence You disgust me POTUS
lmao u dense boy
Go and do some work for a change and stop obsessing about Obama! This is fake news!!
You can't blame the hacks & meddling on other people and also deny that the hacks & meddling took place.
@FoxNews is fake news, set a better example
Stay on script.
You proved us wrong. They can! Be rigged. You in the presidency is living proof of it.
You couldn't hold a candle to President Obama.
