But you talking about crushing MSNBC which they do Excellent great work Reporting on Truth Facts.  Not you hot garbage Billy boy
That’s all you  fake News Anchor do now days.  What about Puerto Rico 
Ummm that's not true.  Actually Maddow is number 1 at 9pm and won 3 emmys! But you don't care about facts
Nobody gives a shit about your book Bill. Aren’t there women around you that you can give unwanted sexual advances to?
You have 10 followers “interested” in what u have to say. @billoreilly book is a best seller, has tons of followers. #checkyourself
I don’t give a shit about followers on twitter. Bill is a repeat sexual deviant who shells out hush money that’s what he is

Thanks Bill for everything you do!!!
Bill! You're real news! We need you back on cable! Hannity is also awesome! Would love an O'Reilly/Hannity Show! #BlockBuster !

@realDonaldTrump more FAKE NEWS, Hannity is a total Trump suck up. Don't waste my time watching garbage.
Money, Wealth, Riches Don't 
Matter-YOU DO!We Need You Back! Get Off Your Duff, Back
To Us on Nightly Television-We 
Will Stop the Sponsors
THAT'S WHAT YOU THINK. HANNITY IS A TRUMP FAN JUST LIKE YOU.
I really look forward to your impeachment. You are ranked 45th Out of 45 presidents. Worst of all time. You won’t even get a  library.
Looks like you like OReilly, also.  So I guess you support people who sexually harass others is ok with you.
Fake news
These ratings you trust. Your ratings in the polls get ignored because you don't like them, not because they're not true.
POTUS RTing Bill, Now That's A Big Deal!
why not have a falafel with Ivanka?

"Fox News is down 12 percent in prime time from the same quarter last year, while MSNBC is up 43 percent." Give it a week.
We miss you.
I miss Bill.
YES!!!!!
STICK W FOX!!!
Do NOT CNN!!!
WATCH OUT President Trump!
A meme with substance will never be found  posted by a Refiblican. They only post false accusations about others to conceal self inequities
Country before Party, Bitches...
Seriously tweeting shit like this is part of the reason that you’re despised. The other part is because you exist. #resignnow
POLL 

Should @billoreilly be brought back to @FoxNews 

Vote below and RETWEET!!
Bill is a Great guy!
Lol. "Author."
Do you care about anything other than ratings? Try doing your job for a change. #WorstPresidentEver
And, who cares what you have to say anyway, another sexual predator like @realDonaldTrump  #FakeNews #impeachTrumpnow #disgusting
Uhhh ohhh 
FAKE !!!
You can’t just call everything you don’t like fake.
Bots are Bots
Rachel Maddow is a genius.
Haven't you got some women around there to sexually harass?
Shhhh! Thursday Night Football is about to begin.
Hahahahaha,3 days!!!!!!
another numskull and nonstop nonsense... have you ever looked at yourselves in a mirror and asked yourselves about what you are doing.. for once get your butt of and go to some troublesome places and try to help people out. May be that will help
Gross.
To be fair - its not even a fair competition.
Of all the issues facing this country and that's what you're worried about?#fakepresident #illegitimate #notfittobepresident  #scumbagDonnie
OK, enough about Puerto Rico. Let's move on to more interesting subjects.
#ImpeachTrump #DotardInChief #NotMyPresident
Loved seeing you on Hannity last night!  Miss you and i hope you come back to Fox
Gag.
He's awful!

Of course; takes one sexual predator to know one.

Bet you don't mind trump profiting off the office he holds! Charging his ss for golf cart rentals is just one example.
Not taking a paycheck is another!
And I've got a bridge to sell ya...
Does it come with a train set...
Check out this video on YouTube:
Watch the Rachel Maddow show wake up

Hannity would have to use two feet to crush a bug. He is a waste of space.
What is this, a commercial? #25thAmendmentNow
Hannity and Trump both tilting against America's great free press - one of our fundamental freedoms.podcast, huh?  Ratings down.
This guy is a sexual abuser. Nice to see 45 endorsing him. /s
Obviously ur sexually frustrated!! 
You mean the 2/3rds of the country who didn’t vote for him?
Has nothing to do with that. Gotta correct those who don’t speak facts.
Fox is making huge mistakes.  First you, then Hannity and now Eric Bolling.  They will pay for their leftist tactics.
#MAGA2020
I concur Trump in 2020 my Comrade, great друг
Are you saying folks are switching to hannity from Rachael. Probably not.
Doubt you’ve ever watched Rachel. I’m pretty sure bots can’t watch TV.


Nice picture of your Mom and Dad Gene. Thanks for sharing.
Dude I know you! You delivered my pizza Friday! Thanks for getting there on time. Cold pizza sucks.
Bro you didn't order a pizza you'd have to have a job to do that. Unless you stole money from your Momma.
MISS YOU BILL O'REILLY!!   STILL #1!! IN THE NO-SPIN ZONE!!! #MAGA
Me too. I wish he was still on Fox!
So Do I!! What a Loss!!
I agree. Huge loss over a lot of lies. I think they just didn't want to pay him the big $$ he had in his contract.
These Lies have hurt so many good people at FOX!! Sad!!!
Drink more Keurig !
Nice to see one sexual harasser supporting another sexual assaulter. Pervs should always stand shoulder-to-shoulder.
while people die, trump uses twitter to promote the fakenews ass kissers at Fox.
Fox gives u the facts the others just lie lie lie
We love our @POTUS @realDonaldTrump and @seanhannity and @billoreilly !  They are all #MAGA !
If trump said..."Hey guys Satan was a great angel, God screwed up!" Would you foam at the mouth about Satan?? Rhetorical question....of course you would.
That's a hypothetical. That would never happened!
I'm glad you're so confidant
That is what I'm saying and stood at it! Just keep dreaming, inconceivable phrases. Ha! That is what leftiest do!
Incomprehensible is what that was.
No matter what we are going to say, still incomprehensible to you, you only have a brain on your left
I would, if only you made any sense at all...thanks.
Miss you Bill.
I can't believe I actually gave a Riley your heart what a bad Boner that was
I'm sorry....who are you again?
#WorstPresidentEver
spread that fake news! we didn't have fake news shit b4 trumpanzee...we did, but we called it satire.
@realDonaldTrump worst president ever!
Get a $250 Fan Duel Gift Card!
https://cpbld.co/o/15057/1194171?s1= …
"No Spin News"? Amusing. That's about as real as your "Fair and Balanced" promo. No talent for facts, but you shine at opinionated spin.
From one sex offender to another.......
#hannity Only with srupid people. Is that why the right is against education?
That won't last very long
Who?
Haha that's funny.  I think not.  Fox news works for Russia, I mean trump
@realDonaldTrump Who the hell is Bill O'Reilly
I didn't know you could access Twitter from prison
You really like those perverts huh
Make America White Again!
Ha ha! No spin! That's a lie!  Lies & #propaganda more like it! #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TraitorTrump
#FakeNews
Joining in on the deplorables’ alternative facts, eh? 
2 perverts backing  each other up  Grabem by the Pussy bffs
Lmmm
Who are you again? #loser
Sexual predator president retweets sexual predator. 
2017
Would love to see you back on FOX, Miss your shows. Love Hannity, Tucker and soon to be Laura but would love you back.
Me too
https://www.aol.com/amp/2017/09/29/poll-majority-wish-obama-were-president-as-trump-labeled-mentally-unstable/ … All sexual predators like O'reilly mentally unstable. Also, losers. 
http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_59cdebede4b06791bb0fa7ed/amp?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 …
Why would you retweet this? You are acting like a petulant child who says "my brother can beat up your brother." #sad
Nice book ad for a serial perv. Birds of a feather....
Lol
How about you tweet about people who matter??  #PuertoRicoRelief
@realDonaldTrump and @billoreilly ...two guys known for sexual assault.
Hannity with a sexual pervert!!! Trump's only friend!!!
@realDonaldTrump Who the hell in their sane mind would watch biased news? Static crushes the both of them in this house.
Maybe you should try getting actual facts by watching Maddow at 9 instead of the lies told by Hannity to stroke your huge ego.
A bestseller?  Your GhostWriter must be so proud!
objet is objet
@realDonaldTrump MISS YOU BILL!!
It was great seeing you again, Bill!
Hannity...another minion of the dark side.
One old perv fawning on another. I'd throw up my breakfast but I haven't eaten yet.
No the book is not selling well. You and your sexual predator friend are delusional
. FOX VIEWS LOVE GROSS OLD MEN
Why resurrect this old fucker? Keep him dead..
Democrats assert that the tax cuts  will not create jobs.   The Democrats are experts on not creating jobs,driving employment down
Nice to know @realDonaldTrump follows other sexual predators.
No shit news?
Hannity is a great comedy show .. many tune in for laughs, and insane alternate facts.   It's not News it's an opinion show
Yeah he is and we don't miss you at all!
He's not beating Rachel Maddow and you know it.
Hate sells! A foreign-owned corporation divides the United States of America with dishonesty & hate.
WATCH: Air Force Academy head says 'GET OUT' to racists after Black students targeted by slurs #airforceacademy http://bit.ly/2xLUCJ9  
Dont look good for "The Five" too much Juan Williams.....
Maddow tells truth.
Retweeting other serial sex abusers' twits.  Nice choice, so-called prez.  #ImpeachTrump #KARMA #SexOffendersStickTogether
Hey minion Billwhen is your new book killing God coming out
Huge bestseller??? Ha ha ha. Not any better than your first, and by far the worst of the last five. You are getting forgotten: nice!!!!!
Good for him, but bad for the girls working there...."advances" have a new meaning in that studio.
That's because Republicans only watch FOX.  Lol.
You really don’t get it Bill, it’s car crash tv, of course people watch it, just to see what shit he’s going to spout next!!! Just like you
How is forced retirement?
You and Sean together was awesome, I'd like to see that nightly!!!
Yes- excellent!
Should be Killing Sexual Harassment!
When u going back to fox hannity. U should upset them dems on purpose and go to fox whenever possible.
Oh look it's your grab em by the pussy friend Bill. FYB
Where did they dig up all the corpses to watch his tired old routine..like an old vaudeville act
@vsafeswm49 Hi Bill I hope Fox realizes their mistake & brings U back! Fox needs more voices of reason 4 OUR country No Liberal
~~NO THANKS~~. I can't stand either one of you !
It was great seeing you on Hannity the other night!  Reminded me when FNC was awesome 
Bill WHO!!!
But you have to admit ... the hair... it’s pretty damn nice 
Rachael sucks, watched her. Only thing interesting is the funny faces she makes.
Stupid old white men and their egos.
Anything in there about Women who don't want dirty old men touching them? How does that get swept under the rug?
The Killing series is filled with historical facts.
Trump clone
no thank you.
YOU ARE SO FAR RIGHT YOU WALK IN A CIRCLE. THAT'S WHY YOU ARE ON THE RADIO. YOU SAY DEM'S DON'T HAVE A SAY SO ABOUT THIS COUNTRY. NO TV. HA!
you're a rapist Bill.
Keep dreaming.
Fondler Bill lol peeping Bill lol join your buddy here's  y'all drain the swamp. It's funny all the peeping Tom's are friends
FAKE NEWS
If he is crushing @maddow why is he behind her in the ratings?  Fake News by Fox News. Trump and O'Reilly are frauds!
Ratings were never close when Bill O was on.
Wait isn't this the rapist? Why is our president supporting him?
Rachel Rachel the Russians are coming the Russians are coming.
#TheGriftersKeepGrifting You two truly deserve each other
you idiot. Look at the ratings. Use real glasses idiot, not the ones trump gave you.
Bill...get back on Fox please
More Fake News, you can’t use.
Actually FOX News is dropping in the ratings, not because you are gone, rather because of all the pussy grabbers at the network & whitehouse
Wake up the world hates trump and the republican thinking
Lul
You don't need a website, you need a pastor.
Must be (alleged) sexual preditors awareness month in England
Go back to Fox News or better yet go @OANN 
Words from ANOTHER #dotard and misogynist.  Have a seat @billoreilly..You're so full of it it's leaking out of your diaper.
We need you back, Bill !  Christians / patriots under attack !
The President of the United States is a big fan of this sexual predator. Birds of a feather...
You're not on tv. Ha ha.
Hannity talks about insignificant b.s.  Maddow discusses N Korea. CNN discusses Puerto Rico. Hannity is alternative facts.
Totally agree, both #Hannity & #TuckerCarlson have completely missed the mark on addressing the dire needs of Puerto Rico & USVI.
Wish we had a Hannity on our UK news!
You embarrass everything you touch.
Sean and Bill. Joseph Goebbels would be proud of both of you for the way you spread hatred to the masses.
The faces of deceit and lies.

"If you can't treat someone with dignity and respect--then you need to get out."-Lt. Gen. Jay B. Silveria, Superintendent @AF_Academy 
 OMG not even 37k! I had to put my glasses on to see that digit! 
and
Oh
Washed up.
crushing
Shouldn't you be getting busy with you loofah mitt Bildo?
