@  DOJ redacted facts & won't release talking points from shady Clinton-Lynch tarmac meeting during 2016 campaign.
Jim Tressel there?
Dems are THE party of hate.
Too bad you had to draft dodge. You could have been one of them.
Please Mister President,  make my vote count. Don't let them take our Southern Heritage away.  Stay strong. Quit bending. The right path!
@Spider1a should've honored them in the 90s instead of lobbying to evict disabled vets from 5th Ave. ##Coward
It was my great honor to join our wonderful Veterans at AMVETS Post 44 in Youngstown, Ohio this evening. A grateful… htt...
Thank you POTUS! God Bless You.
@Spider1a yes, your avoidance of VD is as brave as our troops in combat, in ur own words
was it your honor to join the transgender AMVETS of Post 44 as well?
Trump's Family is transgender.
they something alright i ain't quite sure what, but something. clones made from jersey swamp water or somethin'.
I guess none of these wonderful veterans were ever captured. We all know you don't admire THOSE kinds of veterans - you told us so.
You're evil. From the west. I see a revelation in the future.
Fantastic!
Yes brave men- unlike you!
FAKE
Well you wouldn't know if any where trans because of that ban you put in place remove it hinders people from coming out of the closet 
This tweet was only hours before the @FBI raided Manafort's home today (July 26). Your deflection won't work.
Ok so you support our veterans until it comes to trans people?
How about you get off your ass and improve the VA instead of signing fake legislation like the Accountability Act which NO ONE is applying.
D
Grand Jury is comin!
If you are so honored, stop screwing vets and putting the nation's security at risk! #RussiaGate @votevets
Can you actually pay attention to global warming
Or climate change
Weird that all of them have to stand still while you take private jets. Especially the children and the retired people. #Jagga help #Jughead
Can U ever explain why there is still a 3 to 5 year back log on VA disability appeals? Ur promise 2 work for VETS? dead like rest?
OMG are you sure that none of those wonderful veterans you enjoyed time with are Transgender
Happy
President Trump gave a nice speech yesterday. It was very impressive.
I had a grandfather who was killed in a serious battle.So I can whisper tenderly to him,Greece of 1912-13 salutes YOU honourable grandpa!
As an Iraq war veteran, I will serve you and this country 1000% @realDonaldTrump!
Draft dodging traitor spending with honourable veterans.  So Sad!  The only good republican is a dead republican!
AMENNNNNNNNN.
stop acting like you give a shit about our veterans. Fix the V.A and treat our disabled veterans with great respect
Hmm wonder how many of the are transgenders. See you can't tell so what's your problem
@TayPickitt
@POTUS respect of commitment
As a spouse of a disabled American vet I want to thank you president Trump
推特治国
Salute with one hand, signs GOP bills to take your Soc Sec, Medicaid with the other.  Fun times.
A draft dodger with our great veterans.  Sad,,,, very sad.....
Do u a favor and stay away
Just not the trans ones, right?
Did any have bone spurs and get out of fighting like u or no?


Well, some of them,  right?
Hey Big Lie.  Did you tell them that you were a draft dodger?
Careful,  you might touch a transgender!
Just don't become a POW because then he'll throw you under the bus.
I hope you know some of them are gay and transgender 
But you are not a vet.  You faked an injury to get out of serving in the military.  Didn't stop you from playing lots of golf.
Would you be willing to open to the draft up if war broke out
I have a question Mr. President,What’s your thoughts and opinions on the North Korean missile advancements ?
Most of the VETS alive today fought fake wars on behalf of big oil and gas. Poor buggers.
A man who said John McCain is not a hero. I know you do not have the guts to call this fraud out. sad.
Dear Donny have you ever served our military?  Please stop sending ppl to war, we need healthcare.  You prob can't open a jar of pickles
You've done nothing for veterans, if you care so much about them then help them, don't just use videos and images of them to gain popularity
No Trump ever served in the Military. Ever.
In Connecticut State employees go to JAIL w/their PENSIONS in tow,VETERANS LOSE theirs for identical crimes. Tax payers get screwed 2X. @WSJ
DRAFT DODGER FAKE POTUS. COWARD addresses brave patriots.
great start Mr. President... I know you will see it through!
You don't deserve to meet them
"Bone spur"
Your So Awesome President Trump, What a good Heart you have, that's why we all love you so much
@POTUS fu trump!!!
That's it make up some BS story about the Troops.  Shameless piece of FAKE POTUS shit.
with more than 3-&-a-half years left in his first term, he may surpass Obama’s turnover more quickly than even he realizes
Great speechyou are doing a great job
9i look
Its honour to appreciate it..

Go go Mr Trump
love you as a great President
thanks.. but stop tweeting
TL;DR: Thank you to the poor for going to war so us trust fund babies like me don't have to.
To all crappy VA hospitals take note from the President.
Mueller..Mueller.
To those who weren't POW's, right.  You're a disgraceful draft dodger.
You hate vets, you said so yourself
Accomplished what exactly?
you seem to be losing popularity
Our thoughts are with the parents of Chalie Guard
Did you regale them with your heroic deferment stories or how much you sacrificed when you fucked over thousands of contractors? #CHICKNHAWK
root toot and poops you tooofff=\\\]
"
I love these videos with the music put to it.  Does Dan Scavino put these together?
Penis
Not dodging it?  Like when there was a draft?  Don't even know how you do it! Narcissistic I guess.
too bad you're not a vet bc of your "bone spurs" even though you were an athlete at the time. you're pathetic.
Glad to see you honored the transgendered vets in the process
@realDonaldTrump is a coward who scammed his way out of Vietnam. Sad.
Tea party is now pee party.....
Bet ya some of them r/ were gay. Did ya ask? Thought not.
President Trump your the best!!!!!
We wouldn't have our freedom without our wonderful veterans,thank you for your service,good bless
Protect those who protect us... unless they decided to become the opposite sex.
"America's first priority" development to enhance for the lives of the people, for the world to open the value of peace!
I wonder how many Vets know you called McCain a loser for being a POW despite you dodging the draft 5 times. Your poor widdle feet hurt.
I wonder how many POWs come out to see you, forgetting or not knowing that you called McCain a loser for "getting caught".
You are the best president ever please help southern people with our flag and heritage we should never took down the flag it's history
while cutting their benefits
Dear Potus:  Are/were you a draft dodger?
Yes everything was fine until you open your mouth...
Dd

You were a clown, grow up!
We salute the veterans and also to you Mr. President
Even the transgender vets?????
Really, they didn't mind a draft dodger attending ?
Well done Mr. President #AwanBrothers
The plot thickens. #AwanBrothers met with #Obama WH http://theblacksphere.net/2017/07/pakistani-it-specialists-brother-held-meeting-at-obama-white-house-for-several-hours/ … #tcot #teaparty #rednationrising
Then why do you plan to destroy them? I'm confused....
Please help Israeli POWs imprisoned for yrs denied contact w/ home in violatn of intrntl law. Everyone-Arabs included-shd obey intrntl law!
How are you not embarrassed to show your face (and your "bone spurs") around veterans?? Your own VD Vietnam??
Boy Scouts , Military Vets, Police Officer #stop using real heros  to manipulate your base
You know some of them are trans, right?
！
OMG - SOME OF THOSE VETS MAY HAVE BEEN TRANSGENTER!  WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THAT, ASSHOLE
God bless America
i used to live up there, obviously glad i got out
Great job Mr president
Rrrrgthrt
I am irany.bilive you are hero
But Trump is not and has never ever been in or part of the US military, so why all of a sudden is he so lovey dovey about them. Insincere
hello sir. i am Rohit i want come America but i have not pasport and bija pls give me chance i humble request pls sir
this is my mob. number 8601627383
i am waiting your positive response
It is the same in every country to pay tribute to veterans.
"My administration will always protect those who protect us."
I see you greasing palms... tyrant.
But only some vets count obviously due to their gender identity.
Except for the tranny veterans, right?
Trump do good, to curb the bad habits of American society.
You are an embarrassment to this country and the majority who did NOT vote for you.
From a real vet (Army Infantry):  You're a bone-spur baby who has sacrificed zip for your country.  Leave vets out of your self-promotio)n.
traitor man baby

there were transgenders there.  That woman you were gazing at was born a man.
How nice, did you tell them you were too chickenshit to serve???
You bad you weren't a vet,  too scared little donny wonny.
Great job Mr President but please quit trashing Sessions. He was loyal from day one. You need him.
Any transgender?
does that include the transexuals in the unit?
does that
#douchebagpresident
I am a very weak president and is very insecure about how little I know - so naturally I blame everyone else.
Thank you Mr. President Trump . I am a male I live in Oklahoma male or woman only in the military. Thank you sir.
