Who cares?  The presidency isn’t about ratings.  It’s about character and effective leadership.  Both of which are currently absent.
Way to disrespect the Commander-in-Chief.
I spent 28 years in the USMC.  Commanded a scout-sniper unit in combat. I have every right to question a draft-dodging liar.
Yeah? Did you question Bill Clinton? You should be more patriotic.
I have 28 years of service in the USMC & was shot at & mortared during combat ops.  No one questions my patriotism.
Did you question Bill Clinton after his antics and after lying to the American people about it?
Absolutely. Lifelong Republican who believes in character. So I disliked the Clintons & Obama.  But this guy operates at an even worse level
Worse than getting a blow job in the Oval Office & being impeached because of his dishonesty?  I think not.
Let's discuss why Eric Trump's wife is in dire legal jeopardy:
THREAD (1): Let's investigate Brad Parscale.a bit. https://twitter.com/parscale/status/860572760665448448 …
Here it is in a Moment
Bannon is facing execution. Rock solid sources. He committed espionage.
I hope this is the truest statement that you have ever typed...even though you have said it before...
I hope so too. But what about the vilest Traitor of all squatting in our WH. Can we execute him?

(23A) Eric Trump's wife, Lara Trump, WORKS AT GILE-PARSCALE as liaison from Trump's "ongoing campaign". https://www.google.com/amp/www.townandcountrymag.com/society/politics/news/amp9289/lara-trump-vanessa-trump/ …  
Meanwhile ...Trump Approval Rating today: 37% 
How could anybody even sit through a whole show of Maddow. It shows how bad the Libs are doing to watch her Conspiracy show
Good work, Sean.
Trump who?
This is just unbelievable. The mayor of PR is pissed. Your Daddy let them down. But we will worry about ratings... Sick
Yes. Definitely beat Madcow!
Stream it on face
God you're so grotesque. I can't wait until your entire grifting family is behind bars

Hannity has been destroying that "chick" with the mans haircut.
Delusional like your father. Rachel finished third qtr as #1 cable news show on TV. Talk to me when Hannity does that. #ImpeachTrump
Goung ti promote more lies????
Human Pig continues to oink. Wow, amazing.

Congratulations HANNITY, you should beat Maddow any day of the week, month or year!. Sorry, I can not stand to hear Maddows or Facial moment
Hannity beats Maddow? He wouldn't make a pimple on her reared!
Eric Trump!!!! What a get!!!!Who's next,the always elusive Ann Coulter?The unreachable Alan West?The very private Sarah Palin?#lyingschmucks
Wow that didn’t last long.. Maddow in the lead again!  I guess Americans can only take so many lies.!!
Trumps pitiful

Discuss SSDI and it's sad state next time! Millions losing everything they've worked hard for.. NO ONE CARES

In your dreams you stupid jerk  liar just like your old man
Maddow...
This never gets old 
Good luck w/that. Maddow has the MAYOR OF PUERTO RICO on tonight! She's telling everyone how horrific your Dad is for NOT HELPING! #LIAR
Eric Trump? What does he do?
Looks like you're the master of copying and pasting fake news
Hannity NEVER beats Rachel.
He's a has been.
@maddow could kick his sorry TV ass any day.
Except she's lost ever since he moved slots, lol
Reminder. @FoxNews is just a propagandist for the Trump admin. Creating FAKE NEWS to distract Americans from real news. Russiagate GROWING!!
What a hero Sean #Hannity is! And any and every ONE of us that STAND UP AGAINST #FakeNewsMedia 

#MAGA @POTUS
Hannity promised to be water boarded.....we are still waiting.
YEAH!!
Trumps/Fox News.  Lie. Fake news.
Oh wow, you're going on hannity... what a surprise
Eric..do you think you're more like Uday or Usay...?

This week daddy proved once again, that he is unfit to hold the office of POTUS.  RESIGN before Mueller forces him out!

@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @politico The acorn never falls far from the tree.  Didn't know Junior is also obsessed w/ratings!

Obviously he should win. @seanhannity = non-fiction news . @maddow = fiction based identity politics
Bot...Trump has few REAL SUPPORTERS...BLOCK BOTS


Except... Maddow beat Hannity overall over the last few months. Sorry loser.
Poor Puerto Rico. No fuel for Americans on life support.  They died.  No one cares. No food. No water.  No power. No empathy. No mercy.
It seems like you should go down there as soon as you can and set everything right.
Wouldn't that be Presidential
.@EricTrump .@seanhannity What is going on now asshole?
Do you support pedophiles too Eric?  Like your pal Sean and his viewers?
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity #WhatNotToWatch
Dear Hannity:

Thank you for having me on Trump TV and defending me stealing from Kids Cancer Care research.

Eric Putin
#TrumpRussia
Oh Yay!  A gif of money!  What a totally convincing argument!
another bot.
MAGA Eric!  Tell the libtards we love our President and his family!
Do u guys like mayo or mustard more on ur sandos?!?!
Temp.
Sean has done so much to help President Trump win this election and needs to be congratulated for speaking out when it is was unpopular.
I keep getting her name wrong R U Saying Madcow
Of course he did not beat Maddow, in his wildest dreams, furthermore she is intelligent and professional unlike Hannity is center of women in the well fetching water.
BLESSED Are You. You All Have Been Called To The Wedding Feast Of The Lamb. On That Great Day Of The LORD All Mankind Will See GODS Power.
You O'LORD We Fear. In You We Take Refuge. In You O'LORD We Have Salvation. We Glorify And Give You Praises O'LORD. Our Redeemer Our Savior
A House Divided Will NOT Stand. We Will Be The House Of The Children Of GOD. Many Nations Will Seek Us For Wisdom And Console.
On That Great Day Of The LORD Only A Small Remnant Will Remain From The Nations That Wage War Against Israel. Cities Will Be Laid Waste.
We Will Extend Our Hand Lifting Up The Poor Spirit Speaking Words Of Encouragement And Compassion To A People That Were Once Blind.
Omg the POTUS is taking sides in ratings competition of someone I used to make brunch for when she dated my neighbor in the late 90s
Nobody likes Maddow!!
She's had the top rated cable news show for the last quarter. What color is the sky in your world?
And urine.
Crisis in Puerto Rico, crisis in No. Korea, crisis in American election system, crisis with cabinet corruption. #DotardTrump's focus? Fox TV
Love Sean!! Non of the vitriol from the Left is working. Sad.
And here we have yet another ethics violation with #DotardTrump retweeting a promotion of the state-run media Fox network. #ImpeachTrumpNOW
What ethics violation?  Could you cite the law please?  
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @politico Is Eric the dumb one?

Idiots always seem to be attracted to each other, right Beavis?
Oh look... another cck holster moment for the Trump family. Yawn.
Maddie the clown is still on air 
No matter how HARD you try @EricTrump. You'll NEVER be Daddy's favorite. You can lose the weight, but he still sees disappointment.
Hey goof, actual people with lives aren't glued to TV.
Liberals beat conservatives from now until eternity.
TRUMP IS FILTH!
All trumps are!

Big story will be when Zhared is charged and sentenced and then daddy pardons him.... Eric... no one cares about you..hahahahaha
Well duh...
#MAGA


This whole family are Proven liars. .. Trump says "There's a sucker born every minute" .... that'd be you! .... Had by a common con man
Threfore, Obamacare already finish !?
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @politico this is a flat out lie. Where is Twitter when you need them?
large increase in viewership for msnbc and cnn if u look at where it was just a couple years ago. interest against @realDonaldTrump is up
Thanks Donald for pointing out what a Loser show @seanhannity is.. that its breaking news when it beats @maddow Sad so Sad
So did Hannity finally put the Seth Rich conspiracy story to rest?  Thank God.  So cruel to put his family through that.
That guy is a pos
I've got to wash my hair.
The funniest part of the article is @CNN trying to paint itself as non-partisan 
You got that right!  Enjoyed you as always on Hannity.
biggest ever beautiful tax cut....only for the wealthy...not the middle class or the working class...pathetic loser, worst president ever
Was great to see you Eric,congrats to you and ur lovely wife. Remember we aren't all nasty..much love to all of the Trump family,
Di,in NY
Hey Shawn. Please ask Eric which of the adult male Trumps is a liar.
Of course, this photo suggests Eric and Junior told the truth.
How cute.  No one cares about ratings.  Although if you want to talk about ratings check out the dismal ratings @realDonaldTrump has.  Sad
Of Course! Maddow is an imbecile! Only the left watch her and even some of them are having doubts! Remember the Tax Issue! "Big Story"
Well that’s is all we got so far rt..despite 4 bankruptcy, your hero rt..just an opportunist
That's terrific! Congratulations @seanhannity
Must everything be a competition? Do be a divider....like your father.
#FakeNews Hannity is a LOSER conspiracy theorist LIAR
Oh boy loose lips Eric!!
Fake news extrordinaire. Maybe you two can grab some FOX news pussies together since FOX News and the worst POTUS ever seem to its ok

If you want the truth, watch Maddow, if you would rather have bullshit, watch Hannity.
Oh,the goofy looking gay traitorous son.
Blumenthal cites 'gaps' in Trump Jr. testimony http://politi.co/2eKl3E 
So what's it like having a con man, thieving, racist, megalomaniac, with dementia as a father?

Trump, The people in your administration is making you look so bad by misusing taxpayers' money. Why can't you control your own people?
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @politico SAN JUAN MAYOR EXPLODED AT TRUMP.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYw4vtA5H-Y&sns=em …
Maddox is a sniveling witch
 great news!!
I'm still watching Rachael! Hannity is an effing nut job
Boy. Excited about TV ratings rather than your father's failed presidency. You'll all be in jail soon, including Hannity. Watch Rachel then.
It only took a week...I wonder why? Go Hannity!!
Are you freakin 5? My god, your mom must be so disappointed in how y'all have turned out. For shame.
You're both scam artists.  You'll be in jail soon.  He'll be out of a job.
http://time.com/4963893/south-carolina-gamecocks-white-house-invite/?utm_campaign=time&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_medium=social&xid=time_socialflow_twitter …
I'd rather be water-boarded! Seriously. Really, Really.
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree! It's all about the ratings--it's always about who wins! Second grade mentality!
Obama beats trump
Don't watch NFL today
There are many more important things happening in the world than TV ratings. When will the Trump family realize that?
They don't have the same demographics in their audience make-up. Are you afraid to go on Rachel's show, Eric?
Oh goody, asshat meets with asshole. Can’t wait she said ever so sarcastically.
Heard Hannity likes under the desk.  Have a debate: Under the desk or in the back of the bus.  Leona would love a three some. Either way!!
Yea maybe just maybe some on the left are learning to listen to a different view
As if anyone wants to hear your whining.
You're all horrible people.
I see he had to put the pervert on to win. LOL.
Everyone loves a clown
Congrats Eric on winning spoiled elitist douche of the day!!
Why? What do YOU know about your father's scandals? Are you going to share? Oh goody.

 you trump kleptocracts are decidedly crap at math, good at grabbing crap at intelligence

That makes two people who are looking forward to your appearance.

Not even a contest. @maddow is pure liar and unpatriotic Imbecile. If she was Fball player she'd take a knee like the other slimy scumballs
Nice !!!
Remember, you're the dumbest in the bunch.
#EricForPrison
Who gives a fuck? Jesus. People are suffering and you care about ratings. Get down there and help you vampire.
Damn you not locked up yet
Are these people for real?
I’m glad you’re useless father can take time away from what matters to retweet about a stupid cable ratings war.
Yeah, we don't flock to @maddow as our single source of news like @realDonaldTrump  does with his State TV, I mean @FoxNews
Sure, because old-ass racists have nothing better to do than watch tv.
Trump, you worry about ratings as if this were reality tv.  I worry that you do and SAY everything for ratings.  I worry that you are a CON.
Big deal. After people get tired of Hannity's conspiracy theories, they'll go to Maddox for accurate news.

@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity 
He must have ran completely out of guests. Cuz he is at the bottom of the barrel.
So what is Fox paying U to do ads for them? Have to say, the Trumps know how to fleece. Hannity only tops Tucker Carlson. U R pathetic.
Coward… You practically won’t go on any other shows but fox For the most part…
It won't be long and we'll be rid of them all....than America will truly be great again once and for all.
HaHaHa -- only one week ??!!!
I watched Rachel! Much more truthful and reliable.
