Thanks for confirming your GUILT!
She doesn't know what confirming really is. She still believes Hillary, Comey and lynch.
The people have no problem with you trying to get along with Russia. Only crybabies & warmongers in the political/media establishment do so.
Lying Media has done more to hurt our country and our elections than anything I've ever seen in my life.
Woodstock crowd grew up, became so called journalists, & are editors & publishers. They think it is still Hippie 60's fighting social change
Most of them aren't that old. They're clueless and brainwashed. They live in their own bubble. Not 1 struggled in media work.
Editors, not the new brainless puppies. Woodstockers now in control of what is printed. They think they are fighting social justice for all.
Hippies in love with big government ... interesting.
Exactly what we've all been thinking. I'm glad you see it tho too
These people sell their own asses out to the ones who want to enslave them. go figure right. lol. Wtf would anyone do that?! You know
And you have very legal right to do so #PresidentTrump We #TrustYourJudgement to do what we elected you to do Thank You for fighting for us
And thank you for removing estate tax for us, too.  Your cabinet will thrive -- pillage environment, extract fat profits from revised tax laws that benefit top tier of corporations while eliminating health care and burying the rest of us in educational debt. Thank you!
Don't worry! You don't have to defend yourself to us! Please stay the course!!!
I have the absolute right to choke anyone I want. Dark Side Reasons, plus I want to instill fear in my troops to fight Rebels.
#UnfitPOTUS #Trumprussia #Impeach45 #Resist #CrazyOrange #CuckooOnTheLoose
Crooked! Put him in prison! You WOULD have done that to Hillary Clinton!
Having the right does not make it wise. You are losing #bigly! Do the right thing and #resignnow
You may have the right, but is the people we have the right to keep you in check. Hoping for impeachment…
I've suspected Kushner from the beginning.
Don't forget his father.
You realize they probably planted spy equipment, and you exposed vital info that could harm other countries? Do you have any idea how to do
your job? You don't chum up with enemies.
open meeting? Why no American reporters? Only a Russian photographer who most likely had a tape recorder in his camera bag
you don't have any right bro #ImpeachTrump you are out of the @WhiteHouse you are a #cryingchild
It only took 119 days for a Special Counsel to have to be appointed to investigate DJT ties to Russia, collusion and obstruction of justice

Don't worry, u won't b President long! #GooooooooDemocrats #2018MidTermElections #SpecialCounsel
If you #resign the investigation stops, what to do?
#TrumpIsAMoron 
#TrumpIsAMoron 
#TrumpIsAMoron 
#TillersonWasRight 
#TrumpIsAMoron #TillersonWasRight 
#TrumpIsAMoron 
#TillersonWasRight
It is debatable that you have the right to share top secret info w/ Russia. What you did is unpatriotic possibly treasonous.
You want to share with Russia, but sharing basic human necessities with Americans in need is out of the question? #BadForm
Nope, just checked:  Top stories remain #TrumpRussiaCollusion,  #TrumpRussiaCoverUp, and #TrumpObstructionOfJustice  Safe travels!!!
Lock trump up
Openly scheduled?  No American press was allowed at this open meeting, only Russian press. To my way of thinking, that is NOT exactly open.

More importantly, as you should do in the conscientious carrying out of your duties as our POTUS. We need to get along with Russia.
You have no credibility here and around the globe. Your rights need to be limited to People Magazine and Poplar Mechanics.
I heard those Russians were all yucking it up and laughing at you over in Russia! Thanks a lot!
The swamp, it seeps as sewage down to the public, baby 'swamp', don't listen to them! TY to MY AWESOME PRESIDENT TRUMP
Liar.  You have no clue what you are doing.  YOU'RE FIRED.  BYE BYE
Hang in there Mr. President. You still have the people with you. I pray for you daily. We with a brain know why your being attacked. Truth!
Russia was the USSR for most of my childhood (yours too) Putins behavior shows he wants it again. Quit pussy footing with them.
#fakenews
Yes, @CNN is very fake news. you are correct.
Hold up, so you're saying CNN isn't fake news?
To any FOOLS CRITICAL OF OUR COMMANDER AND CHIEF... In Accordance with the law the President is correct... ADDITIONALLY a duty to do so!
It's the whole obstruction of justice part that's the real problem.
I don't believe that their is any evidence of obstruction of Justice...
Will the leadership of the GOP (Government of Putin) go down with Trumptanic?
We need Russia to help stop Islamic extremists.
Todays Media is the direct result of Liberal indoctrination of American Youth for 40 years, in academia throughout the land.
If the media could blame world war 2 and the crucifixtion on Mr. Trump they would. Arrest the elite! Stop the media mind control.

No you can't!You forget who you work for!If you want to show off take them to your house, Not ours!
Lerner pleads the 5th doesn't testify on IRS targeting?

US  plane with $400 million in cash to Iran?

Clinton  use of her private server?
Are you drunk? High? What?
Pres. Obama tried2warn u not2 hire Flynn& that it might pose many problems for u But you brushed it off & dismissed it.it was a admonition.
you spoke with Russia right after Comey's firing hoping u cld alwys use tht meeting as an excuse for whn things come up you mght have said.
You do have that right. But you need to be smarter with what you say or share with our enemies, and sadly they are by their own volition.
you have a grasp of international relations equal to a squid. Ever talk Intl. Relations with a squid? Ponderous!
http://www.rawstory.com/2017/05/watch-explosive-dutch-documentary-says-trump-has-deep-ties-to-russias-mafia-underworld/ …
Thank you president Trump,
Sure...and you BAN American news outlets from the meeting with the Ruskies !!
No one believes your lies!
As president you have the right to stop sedition and coup d'état be enemies foreign and domestic
Indeed. And we have an absolute right to seek review & prosecution. Sit back. This is going to be a long, painful, & embarrassing process.
Actually, there is no absolute right in a democracy. There is the constitution, and there are checks and balances. You don‘t know much, hm?
Then why refuse to allow the American press to be present? "openly scheduled" but behind closed doors and only the Russian press present?
America does not have anything for Russia! Russia is not our friend and we don't want to be their friend! Got it?
I am Nauseated knowing u Slithered in Peoples WH ur not our President Remember its only a Show to feed ur Ego time to go IMPEACHMENT Show
let's see if you get the same nod of approval as the Rosenberg's did when they divulged secret intel to the Russians.
Keep tweeting your guilt, #ComradeDonald ! The noose is tightening. #FakePresident #impeachTrump
We love and support you POTUS!!!
America will never be destroyed from the outside. If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves. Abe Lincoln
If it was open, why were there no American press?
Lies, lies and more lies, you hypocrite, you don't care about the American people all you care about is Donald Trump!!!!
The corrupt establishment and the paid off liberal media are so afraid of Trump that they will stop at nothing to make him go away.
@realDonaldTrump We want you 2 know that we support U 100%. What can we do to help to break this "hate rhetoric"? Please advise!
Mr President we know u don't need 2 explain we will fight for you call out the army & national guard against deep state arrest all now
Americans know where all the fake news and lies are coming from - our 'so-called' president.  Fed up with u. Impeachment will start soon.
RESIGN fake POTUS! Russia interfered in our election. Thanks for confirming your guilt. #TrumpRussiaCollusion #StokenElection #CrookedGOP
President Trump From your supporters we are behind you 100%
Undeniably a sociopath.
We know all about you sharing with Russia, darling.
Not one trusts you. Having Russia & their press in our House w/no US pores is insulting to us. YOU insult us, your employers. #tonedeaf
Bullshit.
You did not have permission from the source to share that information. You are not above the law Mr Trump! Your narcissism is out of control
Let our president do his job and support him all the way it is about time that we have someone that WILL get it done
Lawyer up. Don't let these vicious Dems attack you further.  Your KSA speech this evening was awesome.

Russia IS Against NWO AND ISIS! We Need and Should HAVE CLOSER TIES WITH RUSSIA. For these 2 reasons Alone!! Do NOT BELIEVE THE PROPAGANDA 
face palm
You wouldn't know a fact if it jumped up and bit off your little, tiny, 'Cheeto'.
Nothing wrong with that.
Release your birth certificate, you must have been born in Russia. Tax returns, too, while you're at it.
Cuz they own you. Pug-LEEZE- the American people want you and your Russki pals GONE
I don't think you have the "absolute" right to do anything, actually
Stupid is as stupid does!

NEW POLL BREAKING NEWS DJ. TRUMP'S APPROVAL RATING IS HYPE OVER LOADED BY 72% While Fake CNN News Poll is Very Low Approval rating by 28% 
why did u not share with the American ppl if U had not had an hidden agenda wow u dont know when 2 stop do u @kellyz713 @sawsharee @kiki22wj
Open your eyes trump trying to can bind to world super powers to take over the world and have us under control Russian join with him we fuck
Oh and it's not "surety" it's "certainty"
The Specialists are on now. It seems all the participants on the program are dang Damocrats except Eric.  Sticks and stones break - it's sad
Yoy dont have to explain yourself to idots. We know ur doing your job. The leaker shld be jailed. Keep up the good work and stay focused. 
Guess what-Russia isn't one of our allies and you are a traitor #Trumprussia #resist #ImpeachTrump
Yes Sir ,the democrats are just desperate to stop you from helping the American people prosper and improve their lives without a hand out.
When ALL #HORROR Broke out in my  Life, I asked God, 
"What do I do?" 
He Said, 
"Continue to be who you are, who I (1/3)
When ALL #HORROR Broke out in my  Life, I asked God, 
"What do I do?" 
He Said, 
"Continue to be who you are, who I (1/3)
You would not know a 'real' fact if it hit you in the face, oh ye of fake everything.
Now that you have declassified this we will get information under the Freedom of Information Act.
All these cucks will be crying when this "investigation" is over Mr. President. It will be glorious to watch them crash and burn once again!
Mammt é gay
Trump, you are a traitor.
Open? You blocked the American Press, leaked classified info to Russians, THE DAY AFTER FIRING COMEY. You define the word stupid.
you are so busy trying to impress despots and dictators, you open your mouth before knowing what you do... take your ADHD medication please!
Treason, obstruction of justice, money laundering. Why would you think we're stupid?
Damn straight U have the right and duty to do whatever you deem appropriate to accomplish your job. Obama created a Cituation you defused it
And u needed to attempt ur Conning Bully Tactic to convince Comey to drop investigation on Flynn how did that go?? Open mouth Insert foot ha
TENT the White House..EXTERMINATE all INSECTS! ASAP! get rid of the moles!! and plz LOCK UP THAT CRIMINAL WITCH!!
Military serves President church praying for you and your Christian family. Be bold
What does that even mean? RU telling me that the POTUS can't meet with foreign gov't reps?.. He did nothing wrong as far as I see. Evidence?
You suck
You are a liar, you have no right to spill our secrets to foreign governments!
Accountability is the issue here. Your are the President. You have to be 100% accountable 100% of the time. The end!!!


Democrats are Totally Insane;trying to raise issues that DO NOT EXIST.As President,Trump has right to share information regarding terrorist
We trust you and your Admin. We know u are working for good! We thank you. Guess so many of us didn't realize how corrupt government is
Mr. President, please help our Chinese hero Guo Wengui ! 亲爱的总统先生，请帮助我们中国人民的英雄郭文贵！
You shared confidential information with a Russian diplomat just after firing the person heading an investigation into your Russian ties...
You are a Russian spy. And your giving away as much information as possible before the slow process of impeachment can get you.
@Donald Trump is brilliant! Keep swinging the bat Merril!
Russia is our enemy. You are, too! Resign now!
With Robert Mueller's appointment as a special counsel to expose your traitorous deal with Russia, your game is over.
I'm sure you're aware of how deeply the "complicit (main stream lying) media" is  out to undermine whatever you say & do. 
Oops, the goofy smile at the end there wasn't on purpose. But I am worried about you.
The 1st face was my 'worried' one...
You LOVE looking out for #Russia 
Quid pro quo I guess
you can kiss our ass liberal! We have no beef with Russia, the enemy is ISIS and liberals like you!
It's odd that it's now a proven fact that Russia interfered in our election but you have no beef with them 
How unamerican
hon.president tostop terrorism in Afganistan open the secrets of locked madajidand kaba with the help of spy camera.
Ban motor cycles
Destroy Aphium crop by drones
so terrorisr willstop
You have the right to give classified Intel to Russian diplomats & release nothing burger memo by Nunes, how that work out?
What classified information? What? Where? And when? And please don’t quote a New York Times article.
Don't let those democrats impeach u, You are a fantastic president doing the right thing for our country
As President I wanted to share with Russia (at an openly scheduled W.H. meeting) which I have the absolute right to do, ...
@goga345 ï
#Hesunfit #Impeach45 #TrumpRussiaCollusion 
#TrumpCrimeFamily 
#TrumpIsAMoron 
#TrumpIsATraitor
#TrumpForPrison 
#TrumpDossier
Why?
GOOOOOOD,MY PRESIDENT.JM
Yes you do their our Christian ally
Absolutely!
Facts and classified material are literally two different things. The media took that ball and ran with it...VERY far. #Unhinged
Hey, phuckface, THEY ARE THE ENEMY. DO YOUR HOMEWORK, READ HISTORY. THEY WON'T CHANGE. YOU ARE INSANE!
Right, facts pertaining to the intelligence secrets of our allies & you gave them to a hostile power who happens to own your financial ass
can't control your yuge mouth tiny hands
haven't U shared enough with RUSSIA! whats left: the nuclear codes? U keep handing VLAD amo to destroy U! wake up VLAD is NOT ur friend!!!
Any American patriot who thinks Putin is our "friend" to "share with", see the real Russia http://to.pbs.org/2uMm4Fm  @NewsHour @VoteVets #MAGA
We stand behind you, Sir! 
Resources should fight war on Cancer! Not Putin. Rather be cautious friend than another enemy
Hey you piece of shit ignorant mother fuckier you are a fake president you keep talking about fake media when in fact the real fak shit is u
Good.
Dah Comrade! Good meet and greet!
Handcuffs,please
Rahim Emanuel for potus Malloy for veep Blumenidiot for ethics Pocahontas to hold Dicks medicine ball Chicago Hartford Chicago?
Let's get real. Forget all that bullshit. People r going to hell. Do good works to glorify God. U will feel better trump.  I promise  i
Hey tweeting is fun
Humble yourself and HE will lift u up higher and higher
Don't harden ur heart like pharoh. HIS MERCY ENDURES FOREVER
U need to bounce out of the White House
You're a traitor burn..
Fake news! #republicansnowflake #trumpthetraitor #impeachtrump #traitorinchief #impeachnow
Hmm

You are going to have to fire these idiots!!  There is no other way!
-You  are truly a national embarrassment...
Every corrupt person has a right to do something in private that's how you run your life Trump
