
He's doing more for this country than Obama and Bush did!  Americans First!
You're delusional
Yay!
“You are in great shape. So beautiful.”
After insulting Bridgette Macron multiple times, you know DJT is loving all these healthy, physically fit young women all around him !
If someone tells you your beautiful and in great shape how is that insulting? You people just look for crap to say.
What president has ever remarked on another countries first lady??? That's insulting
Women don't like you. Neither do men.

Make sure you keep your hands to yourself you have too many scandals on your plate as it is
Calm yourself, Grabby.
Anywhere but your office
Who cares?
no upskirting, otherwise the adults will have to take away your phone
Uhh...divest much? Get a round in? Grab anything? How much is that costing taxpayers? U should be at WH working on behalf of Americans.

What does the Bible say about owning a casino?
Lining your pockets
Its Ivanka playing?
Enjoy this wonderful event, you deserve a break, and family also!!
After golfing, of course..#LAZY
God please don't grab anyone's crotch ! Can't you just leave these kids alone? It really isn't all about you!
Perving on the players.

Grab 'em while you can.
On the look out for wife number three or four? Not sure I lost count sorry 
grabbin' pussy!!!!

Please don't grab... well anything.
Don't grab them by the........
Yep cause the healthcare, immigration, infastrucure, climate change, tax code are all hugely unimportant than the US open or golf. Winning..
Is every weekend a "holiday" for you?
Yeah you mentioned that
I'm sure they're thrilled.
#lawnmower
Will be happy when you are in jail. So sad!
Only to promote his own course, next year will you go again?
And making a shitload of money from it...
Are u going to grab them?
GOOD STAY THERE LIAR. 
Gotta grab 'em all
This commercial break brought to you by: 

POTUS. Where our motto is 'Screw the Emoluments Clause'
Really, and how many women do you intend to sexualy harass there?
Make sure you keep your hands to yourself you have too many scandals on your plate as it is
Now that is a creepy thought.
You probably don't realize that all this inadvertent advertising for personal gain is just more evidence for Mueller! Limited days in office
The GPS tracker doesn't work anymore so this is how you communicate with them?
When will you be at the mall? You want a hotdog on a stick?
Remember not to grope anyone.

NY Times opinion piece before the election when they were in hot hatchet mode. No one cared the first time, get over it
Hilary lost.
Kevin, it's not an opinion piece.
All this simply proves is he is a little rude in his personal life and most of these were from decades ago. JFK was the same in the WH.
Not one of Trump's critics cared at all about what Bill Clinton really did in the oval office. Less about his victims that Hilary defamed.
Wrong. I wanted Clinton impeached for lying under oath. I want trump to resign b/c he's an incompetent vulgarian.
There will be foreign women there, your presidency will not impress them.  Don't grab anyone
Why aren't you working?! Sitting with a pen is not working!!
Only b/c you forced them to remain there under threat of lawsuit.
Rapist in the bushes
Guess which one? Hint: Webb Hubbell's daughter.
Here come all the democrats whining because it's on his property! Guess what?? He's the president and you're not
Here comes you whining about liberals whining. Guess what? It's our constitutional right
This is a solid tweet. Enjoy the US Open.
You appear a lot more competent and are a lot more likable when you are not calling the Russian story of hoax or ranting about fake news.
Or politics to be fair.
The travel and golf tweets are nice. I like knowing what the president is up to
You don't mind that he's promoting it because its at his club, so he can make money off the office?
Yes. Bothers me a lot. But the more time he is playing golf, the less time he is working.
Pervert
Watch out, women!
I hope you know they will beat you with a driver if you go anywhere near them
Shouldn't you be working?
Eeeww! I'd hate to be a woman playing tennis in front of you. #pussygrabber You know the "open" may not mean what you hope it does. 
Those poor women.
Oh no! :(
Will be at the Women's U.S. Open today!...
No one gives a fuck
Go there and motivate them  and don't give a duck them rude comments
Jancok
Thank you for supporting women's golf!! So cool of you to take time out of your schedule to be there!
Oh give me a break!
Nice of you to keep promoting an event that you will profit from as President since you didn't divest yourself #25thAmendmentNow
I just tweeted this too!  Guess he makes us all think like this.
I never want to hear again about pres. Obama's vacations. LOL. You live on vacation.  Not good.
Because there is CLEARLY not enough work to be done.
I hope you didn't grab anything.
They don't want u there, gonna need extra security to keep u from creeping into the locker room
No pussy grabbing, Don!!
Emoluments you grifter.
I dont doubt it. Keep yer mitts to yourself for once.
How about going back to work jerk off.
How about in your office fighting for the people’s RIGHT TO HEALTH AND WELL-BEING (cited: The Preamble)
That's real important
People are saying that YOU are still lying about your conspiracy to COLLUDE with RUSSIA
None of them want U there& if U wouldn't hav threating 2 sue them, they would hav moved it
.@realDonaldTrump sez: "Screw healthcare reform! I will be at the Women's U.S. Open today!
Who cares!!! RESIGN
Yup, cuz North Korea isn't developing ICBM, Republican controlled congress could replace Obamacare and your family aren't in legal trouble.
I bet when you got to the Women's Open were disappointed it was a tennis match.
Gross!
At least you are not destroying out country for now.
Ogling as usual, moving in for the "grab" commenting on their appearance, all when YOU should be governing the country, so sad. RESIGN NOW!
who the f cares? Shouldn't you care more about the country than golf? Shows your priorities. Embarrassing.
they don't like to have their pussies grabbed by the way.
Can you stay there and resign as President? That would be great, thanks. Take your kids too
Du hurensohn
Woman are worse then men when there together behind closed doors. Their pigs when they talk about sex worse then men. Throw the first stone.
And that accomplished what in terms of the healthcare bill?????? Got to wave and put your thumbs up.
i'm sure that all of the women will r so excited to see you.
Keep your tiny ha da to yourself!
Do they want you there? I don't think they want to be there. You made them stay because it's all about you.
Didn't you get the memo that they don't want you!!!!
grabbing their pussies no doubt
I read that on a few web sites searching for truth that your court records are all capitol letters which is fictitious it's not you but it
Of course you'll be...trying to play grab-ass.
how many did you grab while Melania wasn't looking?
Gross.  Hope you don't grab any of these women or look them up and down while telling them what a great bod they have.
Keep your hands to yourself
you do know its golf right  ,  there not opening there legs for you to grab them by the #pussies
LEAVE THE WOMEN ALONE!
Helping your property rake in more money....
@GOP @TheDemocrats @Im_TheAntiTrump #TheResistance
This is your fucking business.

#fuckTrump 
Most useless, classless, ignorant leader of the free world. #GolfOverGovernment.
You lambasted Obama for playing too much golf you hypocrite!
Another COMMERCIAL inturruption: brought to you by the INFOMERCIAL "so-called" @POTUS
So glad the women know that you are coming so they can lock the door to their dressing rooms you pervert! #TrumpPervert #TrumpsATraitor
But remember they are not Open to to you. Dont grab their pussies.
Keep your hands to yourself.... 
PERVERT !!!!!!!!!!!
How many "pussy's" will you be grabbing? Sleeze bucket you are embarrassing

Why? To grab pussies?
They don't want you there!!
#PutinsCockHolster @POTUS No Donnie, you CANNOT grab them by the pussy!!!
Are you or your children profiting off this?  Are the taxpayers paying for you & your family to attend something u profit on? Trumpland ugh
Hey @realDonaldTrump, that's great! Also: you're a disaster!
Don't care! #FakePOTUS
Don't go feeling any of the up like you did Mrs. McCron.  Creepy creepy dude.
Yes Hillarys diaper shitting on the flag!
Are you going cus you love women?
Hope you were able to keep your hands and lewd comments to yourself for once.
How much money have you charged the US government for your weekend trips to your privately owned resorts? Bet a hearty profit for you!!
Would you go if it weren't at aTrump golf course?
Do your job!
Hope you didn't grab any by the pu$$y.
The only interest the #American people have in your whereabouts is when you will be out of  @WhiteHouse for good. Hurry. Go.
How about you visit a VA hospital,children's home,opioid rehab center, women's shelter,food bank,national park,refugee camp...#classless
Why?  So you can grab someone by the pussy and tell what great shape they're in?  I hope someone smacks you with a driver!
Of course you will. Skirtchaser.
Are we bothered or even interested?? NO
Never working to help Americans! You think being president is a Party! Not my President! RESIST!!!
Ladies make sure the lock works 
President Scofflaw
Profit, women.  Your favourite day. #kakistocracy
Even insurers, medical professionals & most Americans know your plan is evil & very bad. You & GOP embarrassing in your need to destroy ACA.
Unbelievable 
please don't touch or speak to them. they're much stronger than you...on second thought, let them do their worst
Try not to grab them.
I know it'll be hard for you.
Big deal! Are the profits from the going to charity? #MadeAmericaWorse #TrumpRussia #Releaseyourtaxreturns #divestyourbusinesses
Being a pervert as usual....
Love you from England we need more of you
Gropin' at the open.
Who gives a flying fuck?
I'm sure they are thrilled. Don't embarrass us and grab any pussies. PLEASE!
Well, it's nice that you can get to a golf course for a change. Aren't new experiences rewarding?
Why don't you work on all the problems you have instead of checking out women all day?
Ya crook. Who owns the venue?
What part of you taking away the attention from the women golfers don't you understand is sexist behavior? You are a tool!
It's a good thing to give a warning to the women. They can keep their crotches covered.  Pervert.
Buy me a lambo and I won't tell anyone about our night in Tokyo
TRY DOING YOUR JOB INSTEAD YOU BUMBLING CLOWN!
Do your job!!!!

Bring your tic-tacs

Will you grab them by the pussy?
They should run!
