you're such a joke! No one's buying it. You haven't done a single thing: why you're still bragging about the election. #EATADICKTRUMP
The first rule of Chaos club is never talk about Kaos or you're saying there IS Chaos.
The national security advisor & Treasury Sec r giving press brief today? Does anyone in this admn HAVE A JOB DESCRIB? is Kelly R new POTUS?
Trying to take credit for Obama' accomplishments but you're not fooling ANYONE anymore! We are a grateful nation @BarackObama #TheResistance
Thanks @BarackObama !
That's all lies
Thanks to Obama!!!! Really no chaos at the WH??????
Thanks, Obama!
Yeah sure Donnie, whatever.
The stock market increasing is a fluke!  The economy has been increasing since 2008!
Thanks Obama! #HardWork
No WH chaos! 

HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!!!!
@dccc @GOP You keep telling yourself that. Everyone else knows what's going on. If you don't believe me ask Sessions.
heck yeah Mr. Pres!  Now #lockherup and restore the belief in our justice system (3rd branch) then fix corrupt congress.
Than you God for putting a real patriot warrior as the communist evil rejector ! Let's all pray daily to give him strength n support 2 MAGA
That moment when Trump thinks he did something LOL
Pffft. You're delusional. I hear you would suck your thumb if it wasn't so tiny. So what do you suck on?
Keep up the good work.
For once you are right. It is worse than chaos. It's like the aftermath of an explosion. LOSER
Wrong. WH chaos everyday - your tweets that contradict WH statements, multiple staff gone (Sessions next), foreign policy via Twitter. Sad!
Nice try with the Suffolk County  sheriff crap. 

You straight up encouraged a police force with horrendous abuse history to abuse people.
Thanks Obama.  The 150% increase, from a rock bottom market, over your two terms is the most impressive of all.
Stop liar! Just try to be truthful
YOUR "ratings" are tanking. Worst #Fake POTUS in history!
There is always WH chaos!!!!
Stock, economic, and job trends were already trending up before you took office, Faker-in-chief. Truth: Highest turnover in WH staff EVER!
Thank you @BarackObama ...and face it Talking tangelo your #wh is nothing but chaos like your life
If by no chaos you mean losing 3 member of your cabinet in 11 days then yes Asshole you are correct. #1dayclosertopeachment

LOL!!! Distract. Distract. Distract. Lie. Lie. Lie. Lie. Is it working everyone?!?
We are to believe you did all this in six .onths. lol. You take credit only where IT IS NOT DUE.

BREAKING: Next White House Communications Director is JOHN BARRON.
Please stop "JOKING" or using that as an excuse when the backlash demands. Be presidential.
If those numbers are true, and I cant believe a word you say, you get no credit for it. You have done nothing to effect the economy.
Let's all thank @BarackObama for that!
@HouseplantSoph @HouseplantSoph @HouseplantSoph @HouseplantSoph @HouseplantSoph @HouseplantSoph @HouseplantSoph
You didn't believe those numbers when Obama was president. But now they are try?  You are such a buffoon. And a liar of course.
...
No chaos? You cannot be serious? Resign. And to think I voted for you. What complete nonsense.....you are Hitler in a different cloak
As a mother, I could not morally vote for Hillary.
So, now you take to personally attacking me ... no, shame on you. Judgemental much? President Trump may be all of those things.....
but, Hillary is a killer. And, I SUPPORT the Safety of our troops . And, thank you for sharing your opinion of me...it matters to me
Highest Stock Market EVER, best economic numbers in years, unemployment lowest in 17 years, wages raising, border secure...
you Mr president cause a lot of turmoil in the white house , I voted for you but if this doesn't stop wont vote for you
Too late Betty.  You are the cause of the downfall of America. Hope you are proud of yourself.
American hasn't fallen yet !! It seems as if I may have voted right after all
Don't worry comrade, I'm sure Putin will be happy to accept you into the glorious Russian empire.

And you did all of that without signing a significant piece of Legislation into law...  Congrats.  Wait, that would mean the previous guy...
Get real Tito. Market confidence & exec orders are behind this.  If you're seriously crediting a socialist for this you've jumped the shark
What executive order?  LOL, so a few firms can pollute more?  That's hardly going to boom the markets.  (they grew for the last few years)
Humor me & inform me of robust Obama policies that've satisfied any businessmen other than activist loons that invest in green energy scams
I'm not here to defend Obama...  Not a fan.  But I'm asking Trump followers like you WHAT LEGISLATION HAS HE SIGNED?  Or what Exec Orders...
If you don't like this fox report let me know bc it mirrors one from NBC.
Executive orders only change existing agency rules which are minor at best.  Something like Tax Reform being passed would be more legit.
Tito says minor, the markets say otherwise.  As usual I guess our agreements end in and around the ring.
Your new Communications Director accused your old Chief of Staff of being a "fucking paranoid schizophrenic."
You then fired him. He also said your Chief Advisor, & I'm paraphrasing now, sucks his own c*ck. Yr Press Secretary resigned after 183 days.
You fired the FBI director after 110 days. You fired the acting Attorney General after 11 days. Dir. of the Office of Government Ethics left
Your National Security Advisor, Mike Flynn, resigned after 23 days. Michael Short, the Asst. Press Secretary resigned after 187 days.
Trump hires the best people, the BEST! #Sarcasm
Thanks Obama.
The bubble is strong w/this one...
It's not a debate. Everything in @POTUS original tweet is either a lie or willful ignorance. Sorry facts are facts and you don't debate them
Gets some actual figures together and come again because right now ur just repeating something that you heard on #FauxNews
Yet another "Born on third base and thinks he hit a triple" moment from @realDonaldTrump . So funny.
So what happened..you undermine our security agencies and Market crashes.
Yeah, riiiiiight, Donnie 

Thanks, OBAMA
Because if you President Trump! My 401k has grown by several thousand in one month. Today even better!
Hahahaha not any more
Soros will plan and scheme
...people who's benefits have run out no longer show up in the count. Look at all the jobs you have COST working Americans lately!
Thank you @BarackObama for laying the ground work for such great gains
Yet you have a 33% approval rating and no major legislation has been passed. You're just riding the coat tails of the Obama administration.
Border secure, huh? And no stupid wall. Well who knew.
@SebGorka Now that's a good Tweet!! Why to go!
Did you do it all Donald? Without a single piece of Legislation being passed? I mean really it was just you being in the wh? Really Donald?
but what does the president have to do with that

Fire yourself

Yea thanks OBAMA .... What do you have to do with this? You're so insane
HERE'S YOUR PROOF
Thanks Obama!
Stocks might be high but there is so much corruption in your administration that there is nothing to be proud about.
And what, precisely, have I done to support this? *crickets*
Obama= 200,000 jobs a month. Trump= 173,000 jobs a month. Oops!
Thank you @POTUS44 President Obama!
lol
You take credit for the smelliest burrito dump too dontcha! 
You are high.  Stock market has been doing great for last 4 years.  Most if that time was without you
Y do u feel the need to lie so much?

take another look stick market is down babe stupid Trumpsters believe what just say unemployment has been low u had nothing 2 do with it
#ThanksObama @BarackObama
#unfollowtrump
Blah blah blah. All lies, all the time. Resign!
Thank you President Obama. As soon as Trump lowers taxes on the rich, all that will be lost just like the three previous times it was done.
You. Have. Made. No. Policy. That. Has. Gone. Into. Effect. You. Cannot. Take. Credit. For. Any. Of. These. Things. S. T. F. U.
Yes. In spite of you Mr Trump. Thank you President Obama for 8 years of hard work and good policy making.
Where is the proof of all of these claims?


Dow posts biggest one-day fall in 3 months as concerns over Trump agenda grow http://cnb.cx/2wTiTdC  
Thank you president Obama!!!!!!!
Wages are raising what?  Do you mean rising?  What source are you citing?
My wages are definitely not rising.
Well in the land of alternative facts they must be.
Ha ha. That is true. Or is it lie? I can't tell anymore.
Yup. Thanks Obama.
Biggest bubble that's about to pop. The dollar is getting weeker by the day, the stock market is being proped up by the treasury department
you're inept, clown.
RESIGN
What are your economic policy? You are still basking in Obama glory. You were handed a strong economy 7 months ago.
This certainly is not because of Donald Trump
Thank you president Obama!
Fake News when you said unemployment was 40% but took credit when it was 4.6% ! Then it wasn't fake anymore.
Thanks, @BarackObama but as for the "no chaos" in the WH, how is that C-List lineup coming together? A and B list were disasters.
Can you fire Amanda Guinzburg? Puleeze...
THAT is because OBAMA got us out of terrible recession and our economy is &has been flourishing from it. MR Lowest approval rating  EVER
This is a positive message so stick to this kind of communication Mr. President. Next time just leave out the part re no chaos in WH
#Crybaby #LoserPresident #ImpeachTrump #LockUpTrump #TrumpIsDestroyingAmerica
*wages rising
Proper grammar
@IvankaTrump what sort of mental issues can't u see in yr dad??
Smh!!
No thanks to you. LOL
If there is no WH chaos, why do you have to keep saying that?  A lie is a lie no matter how many times you tell it!  SAD PRESIDENT!!!
Thank you Obama! Now watch Don the Con ruin this
I'm almost there, loser.
Thanks again Obama!
Riding on President Obamas' coattail.  Wait about 6 months and the economy will go down the drain
Cite your sources #LiarInChief Even if any of it is true, your tweets show you're too unstable to know the difference bet. fact and fiction
Wrong!

All thanks and respect for President Obama!
Thank you Obama.
Stay focused Mr.Prez. The haters will always be there.
Your doing a great job
Wages not rising the least little bit. Ask any of your supporters. Robotics, AI have devalued human labor permanently.
You are not responsible for any of these things! Do not take credit! The child that was bullied on the playground is showing again, Donnie
Is the lag between enactment of government policy and its effects on the economy and unemployment 18 months or 5 years Donnie?
You're claiming credit for something you said was fake news a year ago? You've been in office 6 months, try again. You have Obama to thank.
HAH!
Thank you Obama for the strong momentum to carry us through the early days of the biggest blunder in American history.
Thanks Obama
And you are delusional if you think you had anything to do with it
#Delusional #PhonyPresident
Border secure? Okay, no wall necessary!
Dear @POTUS,please do not let the Democrats anywhere near our tax reform that you're trying to make better for America.Dems are unAmerican
un american is putting Russia first and a pathological liar in the WH.

That you President Obama
Thanks to the previous administration...
Thank you President Obama
What is your obsession with Hillary and Obama cause both did would made a better president then you America has spoken they wanted Hillary
Thanks Obama. You haven't done shit but acted an orange ass.
Thanks Obama!

Record market highs, and nobody talks about bringing up the MINIMUM least legal wages. What a bunch. What a show you people put on for you.
Newsflash: None of that has anything to do with you. In case you haven't noticed, your "governance" is ineffectual at best.
The US dollar has lost a whopping 10% of its value since you took office.

True. True. True. True. Probably untrue. Not a statement just two letters. Clearly false.
1928 is the best year ever! Look at how well we're doing over here in 1928!
Good numbers mainly because you had nothing to do with it.
#NoWhitehouseChaos? It's good to set goals, but you may be removed before achieving them. #WhitHouseChaos
BTW Don, OBAMA IS RESPONSIBKE FOR ALL OF THAT! By the time your ignorant policies take hold we will be headed back to a Great Depression.

Exhausting to see a POTUS lie,break the law,act irrationally,undermine democracy & disgrace US every day. GOP,you know you agree. Impeach
Well done, well President Trump well done
Thanks Obama!!!
Who are you trying to convince
#MAGA #bestpresidentever
@potus

Tell Me Are Where R All These "JOBS"

I Mean Good Jobs, NOT Minimum Wage

Is Apple Only Building In WI?!

#BrutalWinters
Yeah, right.
Not from you, from our former commander in chief, quit taking credit for his accomplishments!
You've been neutered and rendered impotent. Any positives in the economy belong to Obama. The coming collapse will belong to you.
#ThanksObama
私も神である。エルサレムに移せ。私が補佐官になって中国朝鮮と合わせてやる。北朝鮮製ではない。中国が日本の安倍晋三を殺害して平和な日本にするために日本をアメリカより先に攻撃するという意図があって、日本の経済水域をGPSで正確にＩＣＢＭを中国の代で撃ってやったと北朝鮮は言っている。
LOL. pure chaos
I am tired of Obamacare please take care of the middle class getting tired not qualifying for affordable insurance
O no! @GW_officialuk Be carefull! They want to disband Chaos.
You have so much, you just don't have the exposure to understand your rich pals are the problem.Record profits & can't pay their share. WTF!
Thank You President Obama
