your Tweet was quoted by @washingtonpost
I hope you're proud to be a racist president
liar liar pants a on fire
Ambassador John Bolton reinterpreted how the ultimate goal for the Syrian Refuges is to return tnem back to their homeland!
really , ur so vain u retweeted ur own tweet ! So so sad !!
sucks they was right about u in peach
hola trump in dominican Republic gob is corruption, sos please
An extended interview from the Super Bowl with @oreillyfactor airs tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy! ...
#vets knw #Patriotism isn't selective, using it to cover racism is as Unpatriotic as #TrumpMockingJohnMcCainscapture,Apologies 2him &us!
@LouDobbs I believe that AG. Sessions & SG needs to expedite to SCOTUS any current cases to help all Americans be safer!
@LouDobbs Another reason we need a fair & balanced FBI Director who will investigate unmasking in Trump Tower & leaking WH!
@LouDobbs Bombshell Fake news by Washington Post needs to be investigated ASAP & leaders need to be fully prosecuted!
Is that a rat or toupee on your head?????
More lies from the so called President. Pass.
America recognizes how you defend Putin at all costs. Insult America to defend the man who stole the election for you
enjoy hearing the same tired things again? 45 correlates with the actual number of words in your vocabulary. #yawn
I would rather have my fingernails pulled out forcibly. No thank you. Won't feed your need to feel special.

No thanks, dark fairytales scare me!
Hearing you talk more????
Ugh, no thanks... #LessTrump
Not interested. Don't like either one of you
O’Reilly told @realDonaldTrump that Putin is a killer. Trump’s reply:“U think our country is so innocent"
...
STOP Whining and go get your weekly Security briefings.
#NoBanNoWall #MuslimBan #TheResistance #alternativefacts #WomensMarch
https://twitter.com/BlackToLive/status/826437374964006914/video/1 …
YES 
Yeh, prove it. I'm thinking of suing you all for libel.  He won, grow up, get a job, move on libtards
No thanks. Just more lies. #presidentbannon #impeachTrumpnow
.yes people he's fixed more than you know already.this is a man of great courage  an loves his fellow Americans.he do proud

Nobody cares about what you have to say about the Superbowl.
Hopefully you can apologize for all these lies
"I literally wait all day for Trump to tweet so I can reply"
Or as they used to be called, Statler & Waldorf.
I believe the Liberal MSM & the left wingers need to stop riding their dead horses & come back to reality!
@POTUS @oreillyfactor i hate everything that comes out of your lying mouth!
u r very wonderful president Donald Trump plz came in India India was waiting for u
I am so proud of my new president.  My family, friends and I cannot wait to see "America great again".
LOL! Wow, really taking on the difficult questions and not answering them while barring reporters.
you have small hands and look silly
earth to major Tom

I saw your press conference today you're getting much sicker play six psychiatric help immediately
Friday before the Superbowl I had a date with Carlo Brophy who was at your party...
NAUSEATING
Bill, look at my pussy
Tricks are for kids......
Sorry Bill, No big public job for you. You will have to continue to counsel under the table LOL Silly Rabbit
@POTUS @oreillyfactor wow just wow
no thanks. I'd rather shave my head
U almost got it exactly right Mr.President missed the score by one point
way to keep self promoting... while robbing the tax payers
Just tell Bill, Putin and Bannon both exposed NWO & Larry Mizel is EVIL.
I enjoyed watching you blow off the fact that Putin is a killer. Sad!
So very proud of my new PRESIDENT 
Narcissistic Supply, gaslighting, propaganda, brainwashing, thought reform, delusions #45iknowwhatyouare
can I have permission to stick it to Tiffany ?? I heard you don't care for her so.
@gdzchyx020 @oreillyfactor we will  see the interview.
Delusional president
Looking a little tired there, your waddle is hanging down more, more gray hair. Stress of working a real job
FLYNN talking to RUSSIANS BEFORE NOV 8???  Alternative fact, KAC????
President Trump, my friends and I are praying for you!  You're doing a stellar job!!  Thank you!
#ratings, all about the ratings
Look at your tie...hanging out below. What little thing is it trying to hide?
Get a room you two.
what happened to #draintheswamp you are #CrookedDonald #CorporationsAreNotPeople
Know what I enjoyed? None. You trashed our country's name when you said the most unpatriotic thing ever!
Wow. I felt sorry for @oreillyfactor having to listen to your BS. Worst POTUS Super Bowl Interview ever.
.@realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor PAPA BEAR: NEXT TIME YOU INTERVIEW A SERIALKILLER GIRLFRIEND, MAKE IT JOHN WAYNE GACY'S GF & NOT PUTIN'S GF
your interviews suck
A second chance to hear you make up Altnews, and refuse to criticize your pal Putin. #Sad
I can't believe you'd schedule this at the same as #Raw.  @VinceMcMahon won't be happy.
For All Your Protestors! 

how?
mr @POTUS you do not need to continuously advertise your interview. YOU ARE NOT A TV STAR ANYMORE!
You on global terrorism: "The dishonest press doesn't want to report it."

You on global terrorism in Quebec:
Or were you referring to the #BowlingGreenMassacre? 

Genuinely think it's time someone moved you into a home.
Your grammar just gave me a migraine.
sure is,.
Please tweet more often. Can't wait to laugh with this libtards jumping at every tweet you post.
so called interview.
nauseating
No matter what, President Trump don't let the feckless Democrats get in the way, or the Republicans.
why? Lawyers at airports offering free council to illegals coming in? Are they traitors? Why is judge more than President?
called your friend Putin a killer. What do you say, PUPPET? Do you agree? Or are they alternate facts?
Doing better than drumph university you orange, doltish fop.
No enjoyment at all....
you are a blight on America.
Yes! 

Let's hear two disoriented, fearful old white men talk at us like they give a fuck.
Another great interview.
This is the TRUMP station just like PUTIN TV!!
You were NOT in the Superbowl. Your interview aired on a different station at the same time. Not the same!!!
I SEE RUPERT IN THE SHADOWS!
we get Trump from SNL better.
SAD. treason come to mind.
#Rezapahlavi  Iranian Atheist
Location correction. Your statement makes it sound like the interview was at the Super Bowl...that's White House you're in.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOmqvbUULGg …
