nothing you say will influence nk. they know u r insane.
Why are you defending Kim.
i'm not defending Kim. that is a ridiculous assertion.
Why do you and everyone else bash on trump for daring to stand up and protect us against a real nuclear threat.
I bash Trump because he sneaks into girls dressing room, and because he's a narcissistic pathological liar.
That's part of it. I also think is has NPD. It's a serious disorder and he exhibits ALL the symptoms.
Absolutely...
Supporting Trump requires a compromises of rational, ethical & moral values

Here: Improvisation of policy and escalation of violence
RT @foxandfriends: President Trump vows America will respond to North Korean threats with "fire &amp; fury" in a warning...
I love this rethoric from Dictator Trump!
GO TRUMP!! So sick of all the flowery, tip-toe talk of all politicians blah blah blah thru the years.@BarackObama responsible for this mess.
Donald , this could be the greatest deal you could make, do the right thing
Trumps mouth will get soldiers killed unnecessarily. President doesn't care about soldiers. He's trying to act like he's a man. He's a punk.
Ur an idiot
Bernadette, now that's rude. It's not UR, it's Y-O-U-'-R-E. There's enough characters to type the actual word. You run off & watch Faux News
He even talks like a toddler lmfao how did this infant get incharge of America, you guys need to deal with him please
Your a toddler
That's because he's an idiot who doesn't know what he's doing.
That's exactly how not to handle this situation
Donald Fire Farts Trump

Thing is, if you were any good at poker 1. You wouldn't play your hands like this 2. It would look a plausible strategy 3. We'd know

3 Years, 5 Months, 11 Days, 5 Hours, 33 Minutes, and 13 Seconds
+4 years
#WeakPresident
All I'm asking is if you're heading to war, don't let your children get any deferments
Another clean up for the Clinton's
Trying to one up all the other wacko leaders? You are the mother of all BOOBS!
Of course Fox&Friends is defending ur inflammatory words. They defend everything u do. That's why u watch them. Ur addicted2 praise. #Sad
How abt listening2 the adults in ur admin& tone down the rhetoric.Every other media outlet is condemning ur statement. U are #theworstPOTUS
Arse
Beware of a little insecure guy with a nuke who hates a big insecure guy with a nuke. Nothing good can happen.
Mr President it's China, kimchi boy is China's guard
Just take out all the top generals. The little boy will start crying and beg Mr Trump for mercy.
By crossing your arms during this comment, you are showing the world you are very scared.
TRUMP IS NOT GOING TO TAKE MUCH MORE OF THIS FROM KOREA, SO THEY NEED TO BELIEVE HIM, DON'T WANT TO SEE WAR, BUT HAVE NO DOUBT, WE CAN DO IT
LoL you said negotiations! LOL wtf don't u understand about lil Kim has his Nukes ready to strike the US?
So we have been negotiating for how long now & lil Kim still has Nukes ready to strike! I think our military knows way more than y'all do!
WOW y'all - the republicans are bringing on ww3
Sorry but y'all Dems are the ones who enabled him to have Nukes!

You. Are. Crazy.

Nicole is also a model @protrump45 

@williamlegate 
Of course because he needs a war to boost his ratings and distract from all his illogical & illegal acts
I'll huff and I'll puff and I'll blow your house down!
You are going to get us all killed.
FOX & friends is
Trumps only friend.

You look a lot nervous princess. Nervous, big shot?
This is horrifying
Heil Trump
Are we witnessing the end of the world?
Two madmen fighting each other and we all suffer.
Disturbing that we can't tell which madman is the bigger threat? @realDonaldTrump or Kim Jong Un.
Your words say "fire and fury" but your body language says scared shitless. Me too, man. Me too. #Resign
A kid threatening to never eat again if made to eat his veggies.
Plus I am not his "Daddy" and can't tell him what to do haha
Why are you guys here talking about this @POTUS when in reality you should be on The Prince of Fools, large smile, small brain Obama-Twitter
Bc I get over my exes pretty quickly.
It's a bot. Look at its feed. It posts this same line over and over and over. Then there is this analysis...8/10 chance it's a bot.
Everyone relax read the THREAD and understand what's happening and why we'll be fine
Here's why he is #Distracting w/ Korea. Watch the video of him speaking he looks cornered. 
http://ir.net/news/politics/126633/report-4-indictments-likely-friday-ny-trump-investigation/ …
#ResistTrump 
See how afraid he looks. His arms are crossed and he's huddled in on himself. This is a five year old who knows he about to be punished
He doesn't even seem angry. Almost like He, Kim, and Putin all planned this together in some last ditch effort to distract us.
I mean you can you see the script he is reading off of. It's in top of the photo in front of him. That's means he wasn't crazy or impulsive.
Thank you Mr President NO If's,And'sorBut's that we will Destroy any other country that wishes to BURN our people alive.  HYPERPOWER.
"Can you see any fire and fury, boss?"

"Nah, we're fine for now. He's in the rough on the 11th"
I totally swiped this & can't find the guy who gets credit.  Let me know who it is. I have searches a million ways
Add the one of W looking thru binocs with lens caps still on.
W seems like a goofy, sweet grandfather these days. I feel bad for all the shit i talked. He's probably happy Trump is the new dumbest prez
Why are you guys here talking about this @POTUS when in reality you should be on The Prince of Fools, large smile, small brain Obama-Twitter
Large smile? Sure, Obama has that. Small brain? Say what you will about him, but the man is not stupid.
One day he's an intellectual elitist, the next he's the "king of fools" with a small brain. The lack of consistency and obsession over him/
We have real issues and threats, foreign and domestic.Right keeps bringing up email servers and Obama. I thought y'all stood for something

@subschneider So we should just surrender to the fatboy now eh? Pathetic left defeatist rhetoric as usual! Left is sickening!
They are a disease. And like cancer we sometimes have to take extreme measures to get it under control.
Exactly Mark! Yet Dems n McCain think DJT is the problem!? What fools n little scared rabbits they are. Sad!
Oh good, two lunatics playing with nuclear weapons threatening each other, what could possibly go wrong?
Clinton, Bush and obama did nothing to control North Korea
Really? Are you sure about that? Try fact checking first before spouting off gibberish you know nothing about.
After eight years of Obama's weakness thank God we have a strong leader God bless President Trump and are brave troops
Eric, I really hope you will be standing on the front line prepared to stop any bullets from hitting anyone else in the United States.
I've been on the front lines for 20 years right up to the day I retired from the Army happy to go back and protect you
I need no protection.

You, tough guy. On the front line.
"A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons."
Bulls***!  You really drank the koolaid! Trump is a pathological liar and imbecile- with no brains to think and reason.

As usual- right wingers support an idiot because they are idiots!!
Deuteronomy 28:10
Then all #peoples of the #earth shall see that you are #called by the name of the [1/2]
Russian bot
Revelation 2:5
Remember therefore from where you have fallen; #repent and do the first [1/3]
Go back to Venezuela, be a socialist over there
And so which cities did you think in your head were "worth" the sacrifice? Seoul? Tokyo? Just to get rid of him huh? Loss worth it???
Great instead of trying to resolve this with diplomacy we are going to threaten another nation instead.
So you're ok with Noko threatening us? What do you propose POTUS do old wise one? Do enlighten me

Dude, you just liked your own tweet lol, ok, I'll give it a like too cuz I'm nice like that 
I do not like my own tweets i am above that.
Sorry my bad meant @JoeBeertap 
Yeah, I really hate that guy.
Was it the hair article?
@realDonaldTrump Idiot.
Normal language and tactics have not helped with #NorthKorea so maybe harsher words and different words are needed
Threatening nuclear war is NOT harsher language. It is foolish. They know we carry a big stick. It was unnecessary & frankly - stupid.
It's harsher than previously used. They need to be worried we'll use it even if we actually won't.
No they don't need to be "worried". That is not how NK operates. It was irresponsible and idiotic language to use.
They do need to be worried. Reasoning doesn't work with them. Fear of punishment is the only other option.
"Fear of punishment" are words used by someone not informed about the risk. Seems lawmakers do not agree w you btw
I'm aware of the risks. According to article Japan's OK w/the language based on their current stance. They're as concerned if not more so.
His grasp of the English language rivals that of my 8 year old.
Trump haters this morning 
No sane person wants war with Russia, but patriots don't want them trying to determine who runs our country.
Thanks for admitting there are many insane people in the Dem party
Yeah and if I have to think of two words for the Infowars fan base the first that come to mind are "mentally stable." Please.

Entire world RIDICULES this @POTUS & it's time for CONGRESS to start reviewing the 25th Amendment, before INSTABILITY spreads USA+ WORLD!

Really? "Fire & fury", you just triple-dogged dared a kid who has new fireworks! What ya think might happen...attack on Guam, perhaps?
Dear Jesus, don't let this draft-dodging tin solider, lying  #FakePresident start a nuclear war to distract us from.  #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Trump is an idiot.
WTF Self Serving Man Child PLEASE Stop With The Teenage Rhetoric And ACT Presidential WILL YOU PLEASE!
@realDonaldTrump No, little Kimmy wants a hand out, a Iran deal worth billions! Trump told him to got o HELL!
Do you own FOX or something? Are they your only advisor and cheerleader? SAD! #sad #PhonyPresident #Senile
N.Korea progressing faster than ever in history on your watch. Your tweedership is pathetic. Sad. Enjoy your golf and tv. Child.
Give'em hell Harry!
Although I'm sure you would be incredible on the middle school playground, this type of childish behavior endangers the citizens of the US
- then I know I would stay out. Because there won't be winning for many that way. Some them lost long ago with their souls&ways of control.
...release a vast wave of radioactivity that will slowly but surely travel to the US on the prevailing winds.  I suppose...
Ashes to ashes dust to dust
Hey, remember this post??
Your horrendous leadership is heading that way...What do u know! ...also a clairvoyant (on top of #incompetent)
Psst, your "ass" is showing.
Left wing media forgot that LBJ said N.Korea will lose a city from the face of the earth if they didnt return the USS Pueblo
@realDonaldTrump can't believe people are fizzing over N Korea, they're a joke, kid with a skyrocket comes to mind
Ummmm, America does not have 3 dragons...
Thank You President Trump
I like how Trump was modeling how he will look in a straightjacket. LOL
He vowed to build a wall, stop Muslims (terrorists) from entering the US, repeal and replace O'Care, not play golf, and not suck. A failure
Trump warned of possibly blowing up Mid East oil fields if necessary when he campaigned for election 2017. He will do what needs to be done.
USA needs a president like you, I congratulate Mr. President that his people do not forget those who threaten their security and customs.
My kid did the same thing! Sat there with his arms crossed and said whatever you do I'm going to do it back to you! #5yearolddiplomacy?
What do you do when commander in chief, in charge of the national security council, is the buffoon putting our national security at risk?
Your children should have to go live in Guam, so you will feel what those parents are feeling
Pres. Trump. We, the people of the United States of America, do not fear North Korea. North Korea fears the U.S.A.  LEAVE NORTH KOREA ALONE.
#Fat Donny's #renovated arsenal #fire & fury after eating #white castle hamburgers
The big boys are back unlike girlie Barack.
Reading off a cue card.
And soon after nk threatened to hit Guam. Recall the 'fury' about obama Syria redline coming from u guys 

This doesn't make you look strong, Trump!
It makes you look childish.
We all know you got those words from a VIDEO GAME!
#failingTrump
Yes, I agree, fellow liberal, Trump really got a sour note today!
Kick their ass president Trump just don't screw this one up get it done get it over with
Is there anybody who doesn't think this imbeciles going to get us into a nuclear war?
That kind of ad-libbing is going to get people killed.If you dont want to learn about a subject,DONT TRY TO TALK ABOUT IT. YOU SOUND INSANE!
kick their ass president Trump... just don't screw around with this war just get it over with

Its about time we have a real commander and chief like you! We support you 100%. Unlike the coward Obama, who created this mess back in 2013
And yet they laugh at him, just like the rest of the world.
August 6 and August 9, 1945 ... sound familiar?
Burn them please...
trump is a sucker for Kim's goading  - children with nukes  omg
So pathetic how you retweet any praise for your stupidity.
North Korea has threatened the U.S. again to launch 4 missiles near Guam, trump where are you threats of FIRE AND FURY?
Arms crossed making this "speech", interesting body language Donald!  You have a "tell"... Don't you know?
"That is empty rhetoric, the likes of which you always use." — @StephenAtHome
President Trump vows America will respond to North Korean threats with "fire & fury" in a warning to the rogue nation 
Donny you are truely evil
Donny Donny Donny....you are embarrassing yourself.  Nothin but a gong show.
Shame that you do not act like that with your friend Bachar Al Assad. You are a shame for thé free world
Is North Korea going to pay for the invitation?  Are we going to take the OIL persa?
Of course that @SenateMajLdr @SenJohnMcCain and all the people who have enjoy the privilege life of Congressman don't have high expectations
BEAUTIFULLY SAID! THEY CANT SAY THEY WERENT WARNED!
Why are you trying to start a war? Stop threatening the world.

Body language, Sir. You look scared to death LOL!
Trump's campaign is under investigation and he needs to get rid of this. There is a similar story in this movie. Could that be possible? 
So what if I don't know what Armageddon means? It's not the end of the world.
Please stop speaking off-the-cuff without speaking to the leaders who know what is really going on.
What if the North Korean dictator has nuclear bombs just in case someone wants to control them. I'd let them do as want in THEIR part world.
President Truman's fault
And this time we don't have a General MacArthur
Why are you proud of this?
Just EXPLAIN WHY you NOTIFY AMERICANS in such DANGEROUS ISSUE by RT Fox&FRIEND, instead of using @POTUS TWITTER? 
I pray Manafort drags you and yours OUT Of THE WHITE HOUSE....
We've seen it.
You stand behind President Trump. I would just park a couple nuclear subs off those two critical areas and let them know.
And If your stupid mouth gets us all killed, you still won't be the rich dictator of anything but a wasteland.
here is a video for djt now

KimJongUn puts the miss in missile. 

#russia #NorthKorea #FoxNews 
I'm crying in the club


Are any of you journalist? Didn't think so
Respect is earned..... u r a fool and the world sees u as a shell of what a real leader should be. resign if u want the russia probe to stop
PUT THE #SCREWS ON #CHINA TO FIX THE PROBLEMS.
Why are you hugging yourself? You look scared. Powerful men don't sit like that.
What a sad, little man.

Omg
Anyone who still backs Trump needs their head examined. Trump and his gang are evil atheists. Just because they're republicans are no excuse
I know three will be intercepted and one will be missed intentionally. Hope @realDonaldTrump will outsmart Kim JE.
@realDonaldTrump  hes been watching to much fame of thrones
Trumps body language shows how scared he is being president.
Does this mean we're sending in Vin Diesel and the Rock sounds like the next Fast and furious Worse yet we should make them watch the series
Thank you President Trump for putting America first! 
+= #MAGA
#removetrump #nowarwithnorthkorea #someonekilltrump
In Latin America we are making a great effort to progress and move forward #TrumpHandsOffLatAm .@NicolasMaduro @hugbelpsuv @dppsuv
It's pathetic to see that our leader gets his information from Fox and friends in order to run our country wow  sad.
Thank you for protecting #USA Everybody loves @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @FLOTUS @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @VP @ussenate @FBI
Do what you do Mr.President  the American people are behind you. Libs excluded of course
Olay, 'Başkanın Adamları (Wag the Dog) (1997)' filmindeki hikayeyi andırıyor. Trump, üzerindeki baskıyı atmak istiyor. Olabilir mi dersiniz?
You are dumber than him. And far more of a threat. Hope you get sued so many times you go out of business.
We took out Bin Laden with a Navy Seal Team. We can do the same here. What are we waiting for?
If you don't smack the bully in the yap, he will just carry on. So far this has worked, but there's a new sheriff in town. Tread lightly.

Were with you President Trump 100%
When police confront a crazy guy with hostages, there's a reason why they don't dare him to start shooting.
When we do stupid deals(bill clinton) ,and then sit back and do nothing for 8years (obama)crazy guys slowly build up their nuke program#MAGA
And the far east will be consumed in a regional war with millions of dead. I guess that you want that lurid legacy in history books.  RESIGN
Reality check for Kim Jong Un.
"Speak loudly if you have a small stick".

We've seen it.
Making sure Guam is NOT the shiny object.
I hope NK is not setting off two sets of rockets. Guam and ?
Time they take will tell all.
When the Artist of War meets the Artist of the Deal, it's time for that burger (with Kim Jong Un, as promised)
Trump is telling it like it is.   Strong wording is GOOD.  NK has to wake up...

It's becoming clear that @foxandfriends has become Trump's go to Intel source. I sure hope it's not FAKE news!!!
Are you your own clipping service, EZ-D? This is like Roy Clark writing letters to the editor of TV-Guide after every episode of Hee Haw...
Do you have a tummy ache? Why are you crossing your arms?
Last events TAUGHT UNFIT @POTUS that he'll NOT be able to justify his BRAVADO&BLASTER as usual:'Just a JOKE'! WORDS HAVE CONSEQUENCES!RESIGN
good choice of words. better than, "shall we give a hug".
