Great meeting w/ NATO Sec. Gen. We agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share &amp; focus on…...
احب بنتك
Keel up the great work! Thank you!
Please stop the war in Siria.Innocent people r dying. Save lives. Make the difference, Presedent Donald J. Trump
I'm sure the talk was frank. Were you aware he ordered your subordinates killed for the terrorism you ordered...
Great meeting w/ NATO Sec. Gen. We agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share & focus on the threat of terrorism. 
Peepee tape is real.

They have another decade to pay their share! Stop sharing stupid
Keep up the great work despite the dems
maybe besides reading comprehension classes you need hearing aids also cause you didn't hear what was being told 2 u
U brought up so many important issues. I was so glad the day i heard u were going to run for Pres. Ur the only ONE who could of done this!
We all agree!!!!!
With Trump's Administration terrorism will definitely be destroyed !! We must not give ISIS a break! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!
More money for your pockets right. Mean while. The needy become needier .
Let make bombs of mass destruction to wipe,kill and make money.Let´s save life by wiping life's.
Great, president Trump. You are doing what u promised in the election,  and because of that I say thank u Mr. Trump.
Strategy! It's all strategy.
WHAT?..TERRORISM?...YOU SAID ISIS WOULD BE DESTROYED BY YOU INFIRST 30 DAYS... MAYBE PLAY LESS GOLF?
Ok...ok..
Almost every @NATO member pays 2% of their GNP to maintain the organization, idiot.
why are you always seated like youre taking a morning shit?
I likewise had GREAT encounter w/d #HolySpirit!! during my #EasterVirgil mass d #HolySpirit appeared to me as & shows me whom #runsallthis
Keep up the Good Work! We will get there!
Terrorism ends with the elimination of the Saudi Wahhabi ideology
Let's see what happens
So you agreed on what is already happening?
@BetsyDeVos I'm looking for Betsy in the background. She's so lost she always ends up in the wrong meeting & photo bombs
#ReleaseYourTaxes
LOL have to laugh ..everyone made a stink when Kellyanne was taking a pic off the sofa. Nota word about this.
So NATO is not obsolete after all? Oh and that's another thing you cannot take credit for. #Trumpactslikea4yearold #can'twinelectionagain
I support the president.  He is my president even when others don't agree.   I may have not voted for him, but I'm okay with that!
You should to support kurdish!!! You should Mr President
glad NATO agrees with the obvious. Did he also agree NATO should be spelled N-A-T-O? Glad that's settled
NATO is against Russia. You are a two-faced traitor to them and to us, when you befriend Russia.
Keep focusing on terrorism donnie. The countries of the Developed World will focus on the biggest, most urgent threat... Climate change
now that it was explained to you and you finally listened
Thought NATO was obsolete? Your words. Wait...another flip flop right?
How about getting YOU to pay YOUR fair share of TAXES?

#TaxFraud
You do realize they neither like nor trust you, right?
ES HORA DE LA COSECHA. EL TRIGO GUARDALO EN EL GRANERO. Y LA MALA HIERBA QUEMALA
LO QUE TENGAS QUE HACER HAZLO. LAS COSAS QUE TIENEN QUE PASAR ESTAN ESCRITAS.  NO TENGAS MIEDO. EL MUNDO ESTA LLENO DE MALDAD.
You are the terrorists
You mean NATO that you think sucks?
Now you need to pay your fair share, Donald.  We want to see your taxes.  You lied, Liar!  I would hate to be known as a liar. You are!
Of course, you think the pussy grabbing was consensual, too.
Get out of NATO demonic war machine ruling Europe..disgusting
I would never show my taxes Clinton needs to show her e-mails.
I thought NATO was obsolete?
BECAREFUL MR.TRUMP THEY ARE TAKING YOUR PICTURE. YOU PROMISED US ALL NEWS IS FAKE! BAD! SOMETHING SOMETHING OBAMA!
You still don't get it, the other Countries don't pay us!
Why is homegirl looking at the camera? Trump did u threaten her with jail time?
what happened to being obsolete?  You lied about, you have  no idea what you are talking about..YOU WILL NEVER BE MY PRESIDENT...LIAR
Let them take care of Syria.  ??
You thought they were useless before. Did someone finally tell you who and what t hey are
Let's talk about you paying your fair share in taxes and the fact that you are the world's biggest terrorist. #TrumpTaxReturn #trumprussia
US has not paid NATO dues in years. Fool. SHOW UR TAXES = NO COLLUSION W USSR
some details please. rhetoric is so empty
Liar
We are paying 28% of their annual budget still...needs to be no more than 5% like everyone else. Keep your promise to CUT that number!!
definitely other countries need to pay thei fair share..when was the last time another country helped our poor ..or should I say first time
#ISIS Engendro del #ImperioTirano de Estados Unidos
Our presidential apprentices.
Warn NATO not to provoke Russia. Watch out for McCain et al.
#FlipFlop FlipFlop FlipFlop.
Would be nice if Germany would chip in a few dollars.
hello sir trump ji plz support to India"s PM Modi ji on terrorist create by Pakistan. Beacouse u are Boss.

LIAR
Will you punish the murders hundreds of children and women who attack the convoy of refugees in Syria on last 15 April? How does the NATO?
I thought you said NATO was obsolete? You should wear flip flops.
Europeans have been paying their fare share.  Read The United States, NATO, and a New Multilateral Relationship, 2007, Praeger International
The yellow room, that's sort of appropriate for you, isn't it.
Obsolete
I've been waiting for the westernized countries to tip in; thats 1/2 of the battles in restoring this country financial future! Great Job!
Did he inform you NATO countries were on a path to paying 2% GDP even though many already spend much on soft power like refugee intake?
Damn yes!
We have paid to much in the past tired of experience out of control.
This is to protect the United States of America and the highest priority for the Americans, not because we are the most advanced the planet
How many killings in the USA since under your  brief?And by whom? And why?
Did u shake his hand?  he is a man so you probs didnt mind touching him
NATO is part of he Imperial industrial military complex...ultimately intended to be some sort of one world government army. ditch it.
You haven't paid a dime to our defense in years
NATO is a liability
Put it this way no terrorists no terrorism. Get rid of the disease and get good health.
Thank you Present Trump!
Remember that time you kept saying how awful NATO was? Good times....
You say if countries at war in NATO dont pay the US what you call their fair share, you refuse to defend them. THATS WHEN PEOPLE START DYING
I found out NATO is NOT obsolete.  It's GOOD! SAD that I thought it was bad.  I learn new things every day.   Me really smart, mommy!

First half of impeachment proceedings will be this story https://patribotics.blog/2017/04/01/alfa-bank-trump-tower-and-a-social-media-impeachment/ …
Can we get out of Nato and use funds to build Border Wall !!! ???
You did nothing to change NATO. It's always been like it is. Nothing there to steal credit for. Another Lie.
DJ you're a TIT! Get things sorted and peaceful before you worry about $'s you've not paid in taxes!! Stop talking in riddles! Just Resign!
I am astounded at all that you continue to accomplish!  Keep it up! 
This just in: Trump talks about countries "Paying their fair share". Funny.
USA needs UN more than NATO if we want permanent global peace! @UN @NATO @cnni @BBCWorld @AJEnglish @nytimes @washingtonpost @NewYorker @AP
Wasn't NATO "obsolete" per you a few minutes ago?
Donald, you had to get a history lesson from the Sec. Gen. Seems you're unaware that NATO had set all that in motion in 2014! You're so DUMB
Oh? The same NATO that you said obsolete, irrelevant & do nothing (apt description for @GOP congress).
Is that the same NATO you wanted to charge their fair share?
YOU were supposed to get OUT of UN/NATO/NWO GLOBAL death 2 Americans! @Davewellwisher @Jcbowling1985 @TigerLady0529 @MAGA3X  @JtheDeplorable
you mean like China... You do realize the things you say are recorded....?!?!
In other words you did a 180, walked it all back, ate shit, and claimed it was a well done steak with ketchup?
I hope you learned something.
that is  extortion
Here's a good one:  #failingPOTUS still thinks NATO countries are going to pay the U.S.--that we are the ones owed their money.  Laughable.
It's a right thing to do.
complete about face on that. Guess you cannot do it on your own
Thank Dog that they took your advice to become relevant.
Are you sure you want other countries joining forces against your regime?
You mean you threatened our NATO allies.
do you pay your fair share?
With respect Mr #Trump, NATO has been fighting terrorism for as long as the US has, if not longer.
Really? YOU did that? Get a life. #alternativefacts are for #jerks
You mean "obsolete NATO"?
You are agreat Man and you have a see to the feuture
Did you discuss how irrelevant NATO is?  Guess not.  #APB (Another Promise Broken).
America will not pay your bills any longer.
Germany is the biggest culprit.  The poorer nations are paying their fair share.  Pathetic that. We have carried them for so long.
What about the threat of your ignorance, greed and lies?
You have made America a joke around the world!! Resign please!
FLIP! FLOP! You do remember saying NATO was "obsolete" right?
TRUMP!!!! IS THE BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESTTTTTTTTTTTTT!
#Fake news stop reciting it
You mean that group you deemed "obsolete"
When did u come to realize NATO was no longer outdated? You are so intelligent Donald, for a narcissistic early victim of Alzheimer's
PhotoOp.  Nothing more
All is gonna be well Sir
#princerezapahlavi_trump_SoS
Here's a money-saving approach to fighting terrorism...starve their support! War on terrorism is a war for $$$! #WW3
NATO obsolete?
You need to pay your fair share - IN TAXES. Con artist. Tax cheat. Draft dodger. National embarrassment.
What about our national problem of radical male white supremacists with guns?
your lack of knowledge is amazing you are UNFIT
Or, they finally explained to you that they aren't afraid of you and you can eat rotten eggs.
Just another flip flop on what you constantly claimed during your campaign
YOU SAID NATO WAS INSIGNIFICANT, NO? Flip flop on everything u said during the election. You have no clue about anything!!
good meeting for us
please I want to know who is a terrorism?
Support to download crap
Did you use the same scare tactics with NATO as you did with the American People?
