Adrienne and I are devastated by the loss of our beloved son Eric Chase last night. Details still unclear. Thoughts, prayers appreciated.
You are precious, Kellyanne. Thoughtful, kind, gracious in word and deed. God bless you ...
Because she sent a condolence tweet?  What (positive) deeds has she done?
I asked a question.  How is my curiosity hateful?
Because you're going Political in a moment that Political is the LAST thing needed here. We need kindness and civility in this country
I agree.
I am glad you do agree. Because I see more hate on the Dems side than the rebubs. Both sides are WRONG!
There is so much hate, fear and frustration.  Having a differing opinion is one thing but perpetrators of violence and cruelty are dangerous
No 1 deserves 2 bury their children. We as parents wish to pass away b4 our children. It's a tragedy 4 Eric Bolling & I offer my condolences
Condolences don't mean shit!!!
Foul mouth you're right! Compassion I do have I just don't believe in fairy tales and nonsense. I'm mentally grounded and see things as is
No, u r arrogant & bullheaded. If you don't like this forum you could always leave. Maybe it's best because your tone is not welcomed here.
Says you! Who are you? You can't handle a discussion? ?
With you it's not a discussion it's you berating people.
BTW you were berating me
Prayer accomplishes nothing, climate action does. #irma
This is not the way to fight terror and reduce dependence on oil
You are so right! This is the way!!!

Getting award around his neck??? Surely, U can do better than that!!!
They're both tall
You got schooled Doc
Thank U 
Praying for you and your family Eric
Rip Eric Chase.
How many sexual deviants are you friends with anyway?
May he RIP  praying for your family 
@realDonaldTrump That sucks the only person that needs to drop dead and MAGA is Donald J Trump Sr.
Praying for all of you!  God bless.
Please tell POTUS to applize for (sob) as not meaning his Mother, Or they will eat him alive.
So, so sorry
@Origina7Man  Yes
So Very Sorry for The loss of your Son. May God Give You Strength and Comfort. 

So sorry for your loss!
Alenna is a hateful repugnant liberal. 8 months of hate and anger causes her to be stupidly nasty and her mental health is eroded.
We all are praying for them as well and can't imagine the pain they are suffering now.
So sorry for your loss May he Rest In Peace. 
Praying for you and your family at this time
3 Years, 4 Months, 10 Days, 6 Hours, 25 Minutes, and 34 Seconds
When are YOU gone?  Hopefully soon.  BTW....we will reelect our President for 2020...get used to it.  We are MAGA!
He'll surely last longer than you.  We are MAGA..and we stand behind our President.  Try it.
if "IT"lasts the year "it" will be lucky
I'm so sad for Eric, one setback after the other. My best wishes go out to him and his  family. Stay strong Eric life  goes on.
Only God can give them the help they need  and He will as we all ask Him to.
Did the sexual allegations have anything to do with this tragedy??
Love and prayers won't do a damn thing for them
Deepest sympathy for you both for the greatest loss imaginable.  I pray for your peace and healing.
omg Kellyanne when i heard this i was crushed Eric is a good guy @DRJAMESCABOT + i use to # Trump/Boling 2016 or 2020 before @VP pence chose
Terrible news!
maybe if his father wasn't an embarrassment and a pig, he'd still have a son
So sorry for your loss sending prayers
No parent should bury a child. May God rest his loving hands over the family RIP
clearly "Dad" let the kid down whilst out perving about.
Sincere sympathy sent to you & your family May Eric Rest In Peace....
This text was meant for the Bolling family...
The worst. Prayers for the family
Amen.
Oh god no. I'm so sorry!
So very sorry for your loss we miss you on fox , prayers for you and your wife
Sorry for your loss...
Praying for the Bolling family... I was devastated when I heard this.
dic pics to colleagues
God bless
false accusations need to stop! Innocent till proven guilty must come back! Stop madness reporting now!
Your still there with the orange man
But nothing about the sailors killed in the accidents?
Very sad. Maybe Trymp can offer Eric a job. Miss him on the Fox. Fake new screwed another Fox person.
God bless them!!
#SoSorry #Prayers
Prayers for Eric Chase' family
So sorry for your loss, my thoughts and prayers are with you! Regina
God Bless Child of God. RIp   Eric
God bless you all.
PRAYERS FOR YOUR FAMILY.
V
G         vv        v           v      v      v v  
Hhhc
Keep on kellyanne your doing a great job
May God comfort you and give peace in a mighty way, as he did us when we lost our dotter. 
May His perpetual light shine upon him!
What happened to Devon Nunez???
Empathy ?????
Do you have love and prayers for children whom the GOP want to take lifesaving healthcare from?  Your empathy is cheap
#familyvalues
Oh Lord.  May Eric Chase and all the souls of the faithfully departed; Rest in Peace. #Amen
Can I get an Amen?
You have no "friends", Wicked Witch of the White House.
Eric Chase was called home to soon.
Sorry for your loss!  God Bless Him!  And your family!
My prayers are with you! I lost my son 4 1/2 years ago!
Was the father fired from Fox for lewd pics sent to female coworkers?
Praying 
Prayers coming
Prayers and hugs- so sad..
Amen.

This is very sad. I pray you find peace and comfort
?
Prayers for the peace of God and presence of the Holy Spirit for this precious family as they mourn the loss of a child.
#MAGA #impeachtrumppence #33percent #LIES #SAD #impeachtrumppence #trumpfraud
Actions count, don't they?  Eric Boling will never have peace knowing his actions brought so much shame to his family.
No proof
You try to be a sex symbol, but that train left the station a long time ago.
Fake prayers.
Prays for all. May God stand at their shoulders for some peace guidance and some understanding. My heart goes out in prayer. In Jesus Name
Sorry for your loss Eric. Love & Prayers
May yourbe comforted by the Lord in these sad & tragic times may ur son fly w/angels above the Aloha Malama pono(until we meet again).
Bravo Hilary the people's true president! Don the Con, putin and Russian's president.
Nice, kind thoughts KA for EB give you that, unfortunately you're irrelevant to the US's overall well being with your typical day to day BS
God bless them they are really going thur somthing i csnt even fantom
Eric & Adrienne Boiling, so very sorry for your loss-I pray GOD provides comfort & rest in your tribulation.  My Condolences to your family.
Prayers for you and your family
How sad! 

Build that wall!
:(
Very sad and we all know who to blame for this.
RIP Eric...America will watch over your parents with prayers for peace. You were most certainly loved. Peace and love to Eric and Adrienne.
Condolences certainly, but don't ignore Eric's bad behavior that got him fired.
Good dear
http://hollywoodlife.com/2017/09/09/who-is-eric-chase-bolling-jr-fox-news-anchor-son-dead/ … - parents actions have consequences
F U
We love you and your family. Prayers
May the Love of GOD be with Eric and family. Only HE knows your deep pain and only HE can bring real comfort. We all share your loss.
Praying for Eric and his family!
How devastating. @ericbolling and family x uffering so. Sending wishes for peace to the Bolling family
Fox/Murdoch slandered him cause he was gonna run for Senate and now this-Bannon needs to start a network
Love  & Prayers  for Eric Bolling family.
We know u don't have a heart or feelings...dont try to start now.
Im so sorry for your loss. Love and prayers enfold you at this difficult time.
So sorry for everything this family is going threw.
Was it shame?
Of course it was shame, Greg, but it is still a horrible loss for the family.
very sad news sending my thoughts and prayers to eric and adrienne bolling
I just checked "Compassionate Kelly Ann's" feed for tweets offering love &  prayers for Heyer family. Only saw shameless defense of #Trump.
Thank you kellyanne
So heartsick for them & disgusted w/ @FoxNews execs bribing female employees to destroy anchors loyal to American people & our @POTUS
Many prayers to keep and sustain you and your family in these times. I cannot imagine the loss and pain. Be still and know that I am God.
Love and prayers for Eric and family. God Bless!
Disgusting the amount of hatred and venomous comments from the left towards Eric and the loss of his job and his son. God Bless you Eric!
God's peace and His love with you Eric, Adrienne and family
Hang in the eric, my wife and I send our sincerest and deepest sympathies

Eric & Adrienne Bolling you and your family will be in our thoughts and prayers. May God continue to watch over you and your family.
No. There's no such thing as Climate Change.
I can not even imagine what you are going through. May God give you some kind of peace. Many blessings.
#Amen
My prayers are with you Mr Eric.
Praying for the family. So sad to loose a child.

Sorry, sometimes even Parents may not be aware of their child's problems. I wish he had reached out for help. My brother Dave also did that.
You can't get anymore peaceful than dead.
Sorry for your loss @ericbolling please take heart
Omg heartfelt sympathy and prayers
Prayers for God's peace and comfort!
Who is Eric, How come Kelly didn't offer condolences to people who died during Irma, what about the 500 people who died overnight? SHALLOW
Dear Mr & Mrs Bolling. I'm so sorry to learn the loss of your wonderful son. I'm lost for words. You're in my thoughts and prayers
Prayers
Yeah, because if something bad happens to a bad person we like, we must feign sympathy.  What was his name, Kelly?  I thought so.
Eek! It's the crypt keeper!!
Is Eric Bolling the guy from Fox? Didn't he get fired for sexting?

@kellyannepolls, you have no soul.
Political points are meaningless when you have no soul to back them up.
Convince trump to resign!
Couldn't happen to a nicer guy

PRAYERS TO THE BOLLING FAMILY. THE DEATH OF THEIR PRECIOUS SON IS NOT POLITICAL, IT'S VISCERAL. IT'S NOT  NEWS , IT IS THEIR NEW REALITY.
God Bless  Eric and his family.
Praying pretty much does nothing when someone is already deceased.
Seems to be more than meets the eye here, any idea what happened?
UnClean Hands Trump: Why only retweet white tweets You Racist KKK @texasgov @CNN  @Blklivesmatter Don't you care for Lives and religions?
Amen! My heart breaks for them! Parents aren't suppose to bury their children! God speed! 
Amen
The Mysterious ways of the Lord....    Be Careful Kellyanne...
Prayers to the Bolling family.
Praying for your family.
Tragedy unparalleled .
have you people even read the fucking bible?  "eternal peace", where do you come up with this shit.
Mr & Mrs Bolling Please Know You're In The Thoughts & Prayers Of Hundreds If Not Thousands Of Old Friends Acquaintances & Loyal Fans
Beautiful Mrs Conway

It's a shame you had no concern about this kid prior to his suicide,@KellyannePolls. If you had you wouldn't extoll the virtues of Fox News.
And the obvious climate of sexual abuse there.  You're an enabler!
Prayers for the family and God speed!
Maybe take a cue from Eric
