If the republicans don't support you and they are coming up for re-election we will vote them out.
After Hillary's debacle of a campaign & her  crimes during Benghazi, though not tried, somehow I don't think so ! Hillary & Bill are done !
There he is.
@realDonaldTrump has no time for Veterans!
Ah I see. DING DING. Then there is this.
Trump's America.
Your all wrong!
Trump is a con man. This is just for show. Everyone knows he hates minorities and loves white supremacists and the KKK. Look at his cabinet!
Go and use the tools available to educate yourself. It's never too late snowflake!

You're the one who stirred up all the frustration between the United States and North Korea, potentially starting a war!
so simplistic and uninformed.
Who?
Sorry, I think what you said shows you are not informed on North Korea and what has been going on over there for over 60 years.
Really? How sad your so uniformed
You are the voice of the American people . Thank you Mr president.
At some point you're gonna have to stop blaming Obama and the democrats. It's a republican controlled senate and congress.
Not until the America hating left comes to their sences.
Pretty sure ITS YOU who is putting us at risk for NUCLEAR WAR not the Dems. WAR is what puts our troops lives at risk. No brainer.
And where is your blame for north Korea that wants to kill us all. Think it out.
irrelevant! Keep up!
#maldivesFirst  
don't the republicans run everything?
I'm dealing with the marketplace insisting they paid premium for taxpayer not even covered. Crooks! Marketplace is a joke!
You have more members of big business in your Admin than any president ever. It is not the Dems holding you back. It's GOP
Your tweets make as much sense as your interviews...um?
Democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies. It is time to put #AmericaFirst
Quit. Quit causing division among the people. Work together and form real relationships and stop the EO.
But you put #Russia first.....
Your party controls both elected branches of government. If you can't get stuff done in that environment, it means your party hates you.

LOCK HIM UP! #MichaelFlynn #RUSSIA
LOCK HILLARY UP!!!!!!!!
Blame blame blame is that all your con artist ass has? #dumptrump #PleaseResign
17 % shuts off and everything else keeps going. Regan did it 4x
You make no sense.
You're doing just fine shutting down the government without the help of the democrats
...the democrats are the cause of the possible shut down
Democrats just suck. Very simple
When is Congress just going to impeach this bag of *****....? He has a bunker. We have eminent doom. #GetHimOut #1stAmendment
Taking a long morning bathroom break to get all your rants in
#AmericaFirst MEANS NOT STEALING OUR HEALTHCARE you raging pimple.
In 2018 were going to have more seats in Congress, just watch us
it's time to put you in jail!
Somebody tell Ivanka that it's time for Donald's nap and diaper change.
Do me a favor and don't speak about the military, which you know zero about. #navywife
You're the one threatening to withhold payments the insurance companies are owed. Are you high right now?
You can't get anything right. Neither can your staff, apparently. Since when does our flag have 39 stars? https://www.instagram.com/p/BTWjvBAAQj6/ 
You have made enemies with countries who were our allies. Crazy old men should be be at home yelling at the Democrats on TV. U are a mess!
North Korea knows you blocked @bitchesthecat on Twitter
Don't you mean #MeFirst Trump?
Tax Cuts for the rich. Not only in your Tax Reform even in AHCA.
+ GOP controls congress! Blame yourself!
Not to forget that Trump products are produced in China.
Signature move...
#MeFirstScrewEveryoneElse
That AmericaFirst phrase is as hollow as Trumps soul.
AHCA would be a death panel for millions.
Tax reform is "Voodoo Economics"
Greed rules

Even George H.W. Bush called supply-side economics "Voodoo Economics"

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8hnM6xNjeU …

The more hare-brained the conspiracies blurred out by are,
the deeper the  he is stuck in

He seems to be drowning.

…
reading your page tells me 1 thing: you can't accomplish anything without Democrats. Ready to act like a President and less like a Dictator?

Lock Em' Up!!!!
Republicans plan to kill citizens by taking away their healthcare.
Bills. Give the man a chance. You are all Americans. Act like it. Get behind your President.
Defund Planned Parenthood and build the damn wall!
Where were you when we bailed out your donors.. the banking industry.
Arrest them
Why won't you visit the troops in active combat zones, the same way every modern president before you has done?
What safety? Our troops are just fine. You are only interested in appeasing your base. Nothing more, nothing less.
you know single payer is good for business http://content.time.com/time/interactive/0,31813,1861102,00.html …
Yes Mr. President. Those Democrats are INTRUDERS
Democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies. It is time to put #Am...
just resign already
I disagree. It is time to put #TrumpFirst.
.@realDonaldTrump Dude, your party literally controls Congress. Do you ever not blame others for your own failures?
we control  Congress. Not the 9th circus court, and certainly not the paid snowflakes
.@Tommy_Erwin63 It’s called checks and balances. Maybe read the constitution.
I honestly don't think they understand the constitution. Especially when they use Trumps talking points! (I love Shameless BTW)
We understand the LAWS already in place, follow them! Illegals are ILLEGAL, Sanctuary Cities are CRIMINAL acts! #ProsecuteJudges!!
Actually sanctuary cities were established, by law, under Reagan and a split Congress. Apparently you understand less than you think.
sanctuary city is not a legal term
Therefore the idea of a sanctuary city can not be undone by an XO which only applies to Fed employees. This requires legislation.
An insured American is a safe American. #AmericaFirst indeed.
@stellarcars Fuck I n jim
Stop choosing sides and talk to all of us as one!  Dividing us even more is not the answer. Dem or Rep shouldn't matter.
WRONG!
Agreed!!
cool
WTF are you even talking about? How is this even logical? Troops & insurance donors?  Dude you are losing it! Seriously, time to get help
It's going to be ONLY AMERICA FIRST!.. 
THEIR donors???
How is the safety of our troops related to the insurance companies? Do you just spew whatever comes to your head to see what sticks?
Our troops are amazing and don't need any more money. We already spend more on war than every other nation combined.
Wouldn't putting America 1st be spending more money on the health of Americans here at home considering our already insane military budget?
The only one bailing out insurance company donors is your new health plan which specifically gives massive tax breaks to health executives
And cuts 900 billion from medicaid
…which is one of the most popular social programs in the country even among his supporters. They probably don't know he's cutting it tho.
Trump is cutting funding to the top 3 most liked programs by Americans to funnel even more money into an already overfunded program…
End social security. End Medicare end them all. Make lazy people work again.
Dust spurts into eyes as towers sword wars on assurance, a show of any site-as-mess for us.
Guess no more golf trips, no more holidays.. since you've taken almost 60 days off in 3 months.. now no holidays for 3 years
We have to override them! We can't keep giving in to their phony schemes to take more of our money! Crush them and expose them! MAGA!
America first?! Maybe when YOU do it, I'll actually start to believe this nonsense.
Is that the 39-star flag?
Dems are continuing to marginalize their party by opposing the American people.
If they continue the 2 party system will be gone.
murdering our people.. lock them up..
You are jeopardizing our troops by being belligerent.
Wow, you really expect anyone to really believe that comment?
If you sabotage the ACA, you will hurt Americans. You have a responsibility to help all Americans, not just your fan club & your bank acct.
Omg can u plz just stop go home to ur gilded tower
America first? Not when you keep rewarding companies & rich people
Fake news spread by liar potus
Why isn't your clothing made in American then??
#FakeNews 
What???
Lies and more fake news
Milspouse here to say our troops have always had the best in armor and weapons and healthcare. Our vets and poor need more!
You even said our military is "better by a factor of 5" compared to anyone. Know what's not better? Healthcare! Poverty!
the Republicans are the majority. Explain how according to you the Democrats have all the power. Always blaming someone .

VOTE AND RETWEET: Where should @realDonaldTrump stick his golf clubs?
Are you talking about the AHCA that could cause 7 million vets to lose tax credits?

VOTE AND RETWEET: Where should @realDonaldTrump stick his golf clubs?
that is not even the US flag !
Let's protect our troops by not starting a meaningless conflict in North Korea. Obvious!
ODG
Cell phones change the meaning of words.
let them shutdown the gov. GOP always gets the blame anyway so....let them do it and build that wall as well as fire Paul Rino!
Sorry, Trumpcare is the plan to bail out insurance companies.  We need a single payer system NOW
Bring the troops home!
HUH?!?
Why didn't your gun toting boys ever enlist? Too good to serve? Or too scared when they know they would get return fire, unlike safari
The only ones not getting bailed or protected are American ppl. Getting bilked by 1% to pay for THEIR wars and robbed by healthcare.

VOTE AND RETWEET: Where should @realDonaldTrump stick his golf clubs?

No it is time to put human beings first!!  Look at the big picture
It's time to put American human beings first.
In fact, Democrats have received FAR less money from Insurance companies since 1990, the past 27 years.
#UniversalHealthCareNow would get rid of the insurance companies and let healthcare $ go to healthcare. GOP controls gov it's your failure
America FIRST, like #coalminershealthcare? #MealsOnWheels? #SchoolLunchPrograms? ...and what about #FlynnAndRussia?
Yes..You need to Practice What you Preach! #TraitorTrump
But yes: "ITS TIME TO PUTFIRST!"
(Stop tryn2take on the)
NOT WAR w/
=HELPING +ISIS!?!
w/posturing@OUR actions now
OOOOPS!  Another slip of the tongue!  You mean "israelFirst," don't you?
Oh yes, as the American people pay tons of taxes and get nothing but covert biological warfare.
Then do it!
When one understands politics and not listens to fake news you understand what the President is telling the American people.
Liar

VOTE AND RETWEET: Where should @realDonaldTrump stick his golf clubs?
I more bailouts!
*no more bailouts. 
No one is buying your bullshit, Donny.
it's really sad my President
Just deliver on your 3 promises: healthcare for everybody, at a higher quality and at a lower cost.
I'm sure you are all embarrassing yourselves with the name calling and divided ignorant rants.there are so many people against America right
LOL. LMAO. The Dems what to bail out donor insurance co's?  Did you really just say that? Did you even read "your" health care proposal?
If you REALLY want to make America great again, resign. The majority of We the People will cheer very loudly. We'll throw you a big send-off
#impeach45 and let's get someone who is truthful in the White House! #liarinchief

VOTE AND RETWEET: Where should @realDonaldTrump stick his golf clubs?
Anything to block you they will do. Just keep on with your promises and u won't lose ur supporters.
Stop tweeting.
And your tax 'plan' helps the insurers with tax breaks for Corporations at the expense of citizen taxpayers. Shameful.
Fun Fact: You, @SpeakerRyan, & @SenateMajLdr have tried to destroy funding for public services to give the @GOP & corp execs even more money
The scariest part about @realDonaldTrump is that I think he actually believes his bullshit.  Worst Pres in history.  Try working for US!
Stop your obsession with the bloated American military which is totally out of control financially, slim it down and make it more efficient
False, this is a scare tactic in an effort to get support for something you promised but can't deliver.
What the hell are you talking about you're babbling fool
Another example of Cheetih's weak brain!
Yes the minority party without the votes to stop you ... I call BS on this one sir
So instead let's put a crappy insurance plan that does cover preexisting conditions and let Americans die instead. Smart!
False
Understand that some of the GOP members are Democrates who ran on Republican tickets. They are mindless liberals .
I thought insurance would be a priority. The troops are well funded now but insurance reform, repeal, or whatever is still up in the air
stop blaming DEMS, your party controls congress, had u  forgotten? BTW where is Pres Banon he hasn't been seen for days?
Republicans used to be rational human beings.  Now they are merely hate-filled greed heads out to grab as much as they can.  Sad
You lie.
WTF. Our troops are put in peril by YOU> Fake potus. Insurance is separate issue. Who is your drug dealer?
You and you administration out of the White House will be putting America First!
#TrumpRussiaCollusion 
#impeachment
You have no health plan, no tax plan, nothing.  You are a big nada!
Ya know, you're actually starting to make sense to me now. The dems are behind all of this troop hating. Save us Humpty Dumpty! #MAGA
Please don't do impetuous, dumb or crazy things that get my son killed.
Classic word salad.
.@realDonaldTrump While I'm saving r troops by letting Russia take over the USA w/o firing a shot #TheResistance #Resist #Trumprussia #AMJoy
Get over it..no proof. lame argument.
YOU are jeopardizing our troops by antagonizing our enemies AND our allies.
U put the rich first and left the poor behind. SAD!!

VOTE AND RETWEET: Where should @realDonaldTrump stick his golf clubs?
Up Korea's Tush. Isis o.o.
You mean the Republicans are making sure their donors get MORE $$....that's all you do Donnie....take care of your puppet masters

VOTE AND RETWEET: Where should @realDonaldTrump stick his golf clubs?
don't give insurance companies bailout for Obamacare. They didn't pay any I mean none of my bills when I had it.
bullshit liar
Mr. President, your statement does not make any sense whatsoever. Please seek help or at least define your terms.
Is that why you repugnicans cut the benefits to our troops?
Are you still the "so-called" president?  I thought we are getting rid of you.
lie

VOTE AND RETWEET: Where should @realDonaldTrump stick his golf clubs?
By impeaching the orange!!!!!! Wooooo! Psssast, you're the orange ;)
I didnt see Democrats threatening NK and saying that we're sending in the armada when the ship wasnt anywhere near there.
Congratulations!  The results are in.  You are #1...Yep, you are the bigliest whiner to EVER step foot in the Oval Office!!!  SAD! CRYBABY!
STOP putting yourself an the rich first..
