You expect them to call YOU for facts? When you constantly lie to the public and even hang fake magazine covers of yourself? Haha right
Fake magazine covers? Oh Lord what is he doing now?
I saw it on reddit- apparently he had a magazine of him framed and hanged on the wall and the news paper said that it doesn't exist aka fake
Absurd. What a ridiculous man.
Jesus Christ u people find any reason to hate. Next thing u know y’all are gonna criticize he eats cocoa pebbles instead of Cocoa Puffs
You're funny Triple H, you just got a new follower! Some ppl  just can't see past his demeanor & see what he's doing for the US! That's one
I for one think he hasn’t been doing a terrible job, and think if you don’t support your country’s leader you’re no better than a terrorist
You mean the journalist at the NY Times did not attend Wharton and are not very smart people like your sons and daughters?
Here's a real story for you: MORE PEOPLE VOTED FOR HILLARY.
Is that how elections are won??
I didn't say she won.
Then who cares about her or who voted for her?
How about you verify your own damn stories?
I wouldn't call The NY Times journalism!! Very fake news
Guess CNN has been honest too?? Both have been caught openly lying. ITS VERY FAKE NEWS
For the sake of America let the president do his job
Little more than a tabloid.
You want them to call You? That's a joke , if anyone wants the truth need to stay away from you. Liar
Trump is fake phoney POS.
Have some dignity.
again dough boy..you my old man are the fake news...period and you personally FAKE..bigly.
so. Will the plz not praise the @nytimes when they praise u in an article? Or do they tell the truth when they praise u??
New York Times is right there with CNN as fake news organizations. We really need to do something about the DNC State Media. #Stasi
Failing President lies
Faker than that fake Time magazine cover you had mocked up and hung at your golf courses? I'm really embarrassed for you.
Potus belongs in a padded cell 
Knock knock. Who's there? Trump. Now that's a joke.
You're still here? #FakePresident
Sounds like a tie from POTUS
Speaking of 'fake news', why did you print phony  Time Magazine covers?
dame rabo gorda :3
A comprehensive list of reasons to #ImpeachTrump. http://politicaledu.org/index.php/2017/05/22/impeach-trump/ …
 @realDonaldTrump
Things are looking good with our POTUS!  He is a get things done kind of president.  Thank you @realDonaldTrump
the problem is that it is not fake news. You are the one who is fake and a big fat liar!
What channel 13 in Baltimore did to my family and me was an right out lie ,they refuse to correct the story, we'll any way the suit was,
No one cares Kenneth
No one cares until this happens to you then all of a sudden it's an outrage, Right?
This is literally fake news that you have in several golf courses!  
This @Time cover is fake!!! https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/a-time-magazine-with-trump-on-the-cover-hangs-in-his-golf-clubs-its-fake/2017/06/27/0adf96de-5850-11e7-ba90-f5875b7d1876_story.html?utm_term=.1d24a429e74c …
You my friend, just feed untrue information and leaks for your own entertainment. They will be printed, so why not tell the truth? Not able?
Again, the times is racking up those high ratings you big dummy
We love you!

Fake media has been exposed!
The WH even said they can't verify this is true  don't read much do you
Funny @CNN hasn't denied any of it  try harder ma'am or sir, whichever you prefer
Your a joke, a fake and a phoney, with hair like the tail of a pony
If anyone here is a joke, it's you, 45.
You are a failing and #FakePresident. But keep tweeting, it's very entertaining.
You're the joke. Completely incompetent and paranoid. It's like watching a 8 year old kid throwing a tantrum. And it's everyday!

Some irony coming from a guy who promotes fake covers of Time magazine.
YOU ARE THE ONLY FAKE NEWS JOKE!
WhyHasn'tTrumpNegotiatedWithInsuranceCompaniesToFixHealthcareSinceHeIsA"Negotiator"
Sorry dude, you’re the joke
billionaire, leader of the free world, successful healthy children, gorgeous wife...i would like to be a joke
It's amazing how many bot accounts like your tweets before anyone else even gets here. #WednesdayWisdom
Hey, 45:
Why do you have phony @TIME magazine covers hanging up in your resorts?
#WednesdayWisdom
 EWE. Now that's FAKE! 
Why should they bother calling you or your people? You'll only lie. THEN they'd be publishing fake news 
Um, here's the VERY DEFINITION of fake news

He really was on the time cover.  They were calling it fake
No, it was fake. Time asked him to remove them all from the walls.
I was talking about his baby picture
That real
Would you stop yelling "wolf," little boy? The people know who the real liar is.
Yup, CNN for one. Next up all the rest....
You're wrong. Plain. Simple. That's not true.
I trust CNN and NyTimes because they retract and correct their mistakes. Has Hannity been fired yet over Seth Rich conspiracies?
Spoken like a true libtard. When it fits their agenda, exposed lies are labelled mistakes and can be corrected.
Show me exactly how the corrections are wrong with cited & vetted facts
Is @realDonaldTrump suggesting @nytimes call him to get the truth? That is just hilarious. Lay off the bong for a while, dude.
The failing @nytimes writes false story after false story about me. They don't even call to verify the facts of a story....
The majority of the Republicans have said that going to college hurts America:
Wow, the libs are
You're crazy, how would you know if it's fake like you. Please resign and save our country.
this is as good as time as any to get OUT of the UN.  We don't care what they say..they are the bad news!!!!
UN..WHO CARES! 
They want USA sovereignty and money!  ..I HATE Political correct=LIES..UN wreaks of it! .
Hell yes mr. President kudos to Trey Gowdy who just passed vote to investigate Hillary time to uphold your promise now lock her up
Why would anyone call #45 to verify a fact. He wouldn't know a fact if it bit his ass.
thst means trump is the same as chemical ali a war criminal
Again trump still trying his hand at brainwashing. Your a fool trump if you think your making progress.
You mean they did not attend Wharton and are not very intelligent?
Wow, the libs are sure cranky on this threadyou hit a nerve President Trumpkeep it up
Donald, you are the fake. You stole your job, you lie, and you want the news to support your lies. You will be taken down.
I don't care about the NY Slimes or their readers..Fortunately for me I'm too illiterate and deplorable to read it anyway :)
So Mr. Facts, did the @nytimes misquote your 1989 full-page ad calling for the execution of innocent black and latino youths? #HeatherHeyer
The only fake news joke is you, trumpo
CNN is done. Let's take down NY Times now!
Yayyy....... Let's burn a few books and ban a few movies..... Hey..... Why stop there??

Or fish wrap
They have had the highest standards in reporting for over 100 years. When you screw up, it's news. Stop screwing up & they can't report that
you're serious, right?
And you only tweet facts, right? @weiland_jen @RKJ65 @junren65 @oathofbrutus @willtaylor80 @BarackObama @baddogs4343 @Sydfalcorules @onsamf
He turned that around later by saying something like I might have done it to make him change his story.  Then falsely claim, "see he did!!!"
Based on his tweets, he OBSTRUCTED justice. Trump has been goading #RobertMueller but nada. That should scare the  out of Trump.
Mueller has much bigger hands than Donnie.
He does. And waaaaay more hair.
Fun fact : I can palm a basketball. Easily.
You should run for president.
Set up your own newspaper, Donald. Drive fake news out of business!
Great idea.... Works well for North Korea! .. Who needs a free press anyway?.. Next thing they'll be wanting democracy!.. Wait!.....
 sorry NewYork Times is fakenews and failing really talk lto thesubscribers butthose legitfake Time  magazines inyourgolf  clubs.  Solegit
Ahh. That explains the confusion. NYT is generally printed in English.
You just can't handle the TRUTH!
Love the way you said that to both New York Times and Donald Trump!!!
You won’t even let them record the press briefings & the White House deflects every question.
& Why would they call you? Literally all you would do is take credit for anything GOOD and blame Hillary/Obama for anything BAD/SAD!
Also, name one story they’ve published which is “FAKE” that they’ve yet to publicly issue a retraction for… just one.
…just ONE 
Whoops, I meant to send this one 

Are we really going to talk about false statements here? A little hypocritical don't you think?
How about telling us the "real news" then?
They have ruined health care and driven the cost out of control!!!!
why do you insist on creating a  big divide in this already divided country? united the people as a real POTUS should.

HAHAHAHA!!  Calling a liar to verify his own lies! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!
#ResistTrump  #ImpeachTrump
Take a good look at yourself , you will see what the worlds see .
DT, u r the joke. U r a national embarrassment! Better to be thought a fool than to open ur mouth and remove all doubt.
donny, wake up! YOU're the one who's failing. Your bullied aides don't tell you the truth. You're sick. RESIGN
Me Ptesident, YOU are what everyone is laughing about!
But yet you claim that the National Enquirer is "Real News"? You are delusional!
.@realDonaldTrump #MinorityPresident #TaxReturns You LIE, even if the truth would sound better, SAD BLING BOY LOSER. ALL LIES, ALL THE TIME!
You spew fact facts and figures without checking them as well. You get it how you live fella
Don't worry only the brainless left read that shit anyway 
Ain't that the truth! 
You are the liar
Yea all the news outlet is fake. 
If they're the joke, Mr. President, you're the punchline.
This I an ok tweet, but when you start degrading and name calling your no better than them, and you are better
THIS JUST IN!! The USA, FIRST TIME EVER, has a MAKE BELIEVE (totally fake) commander...sorry, cannot type the tittle...fingers refuse!
Hey Donald how's Melanias anti bullying working for you. SAD
Mr. President-  Can you stop acting like a 13 year old girl and just run the country? This non-sense has got to stop!!!!
Thank you sherri
Would u take the call?
You're a fake president with no credibility. Everything you say is is a lie! Get a clue... America HATES you! #ILLEGITIMATEPRESIDENT
Get off twitter and get behind the resolute desk like all the other Presidents did
I just had a blocked tweet because I was saying something true
Maybe because you lie as you breathe
DEPLORABLE, DEPLORABLE, DEPLORABLE, DEPLORABLE, DEPLORABLE, DEPLORABLE. You are the FAKE.
That's OK. You are a Fake Human Joke. SAD!
When you say fake do you mean the pictures of you on time magazine?
Fake President, not fake news
for a fake president.
Damn this boy is so thin skinned, he's a really sick puppy.  The only FAKE NEWS JOKE is DONALD J TRUMP!  Keep your ass off Twitter & take
care of the people's business. I can't imagine you sleep well. Didn't DC approve medical marijuana.  WH doctor should prescribe a few joints
1000 printed LIES and facts about them proivided in black and white.ALL made up?Has stupid do you think we are?PT Barnum had nothing on you!
NY Times not failing. That is fake news from Trump. NY Times  stories are true. Real news!!
Sir, we are 100% behind u.  Thank you for working for us & keep tweeting. We no longer can even trust NWTimes' book reviews. @SteveKBannon
They tell truth after truth you lying, pathetic disaster.
u r a real-life joke!
You are a joke and an international laughing-stock
ah, poor baby
All Fake News originates with you!
Saddest president ever. Liar in chief
YOU'RE the fake news joke. America has been played.
#Liberals behave like selfish spoiled children. #FakeNewsMedia esp @CNN, acting like a bully whines about kid who stood up & gave black eye
Bit like you, #ChumpTrump
Mr President I recognize fake news. Everyone does. I want to hear about the fulfillments of campaign promises.
They can't verify because you use alt facts and tell lies all the time.  You are pathetic.
The only thing FAILING is your presidency. #truth
this coming from the FAILURE LIAR IN cHIEF! PATHETIC!
Don't you have more important things to do than tweet all day?
Why would anyone call YOU - liar in chief - to verify the story?  YOU LIE CONSTANTLY.  We are quickly becoming 3rd world status thnx 2 you.
You'd just lie to them.
Donald the biggest fake today is you as our President!  SAD!!!
They don't call to verify because they know you will lie, as you do day in and day out.
even if they called, would he even provide detailed and genuine answers??? Smh
  waawaawaa, it's all #FakeNews when U don't like what they print. U R the fake one. Resign now  #FakePOTUS #Lying45
No one can contact you to verify a story because almost everything you say is a lie. They go elsewhere to find the truth.
Who they going to call? You're a compulsive liar.
Between the dishonest MSM (FAKE NEWS) and the obstructionist Dems, you're doing a tremendous job -- NO HELP! We're with you. #MAGA 
Stick with him till the end. He's going to need pen pals in that padded cell.
thats kinda like the fake Time mag covers right?!  
You're getting increasingly terrible at propaganda. It's completely see through. Hollywood didn't prepare you for this.
A fake presidential joke
coming from a fake president.....
Failing? The @nytimes will continue long after your presidency.
Shhh, he might remember he has nukes.
You folks truly belong on Thorazine hall.
is this any more or less fake than the TIMES covers at your golf courses??
He was on cover 14 times
That makes YOU the punchline.
With cameras banned, White House press briefings will now look like court room drawings. Sad! 

http://i2.cdn.turner.com/money/dam/assets/170623180209-white-house-press-briefing-image-648-780x439.jpg …
do you need a model little girl
Can't wait to hear Mullers stories about you. Sad!
More subscriptions bought dine January. Not failing
After I've seen how they've verbally attacked this President. you get what you give !Thank you President Trump for putting America 1st !!
Hey, I've got tape Recordings of Comey conversation w/POTUS #45, & POTUS #44 wiretapped my garden shed outback; that is fake news, GOT IT?
Thank you, President Trump - please continue your use of social media -- the MSM hates it, because you get the TRUTH out! 
he really does get the truth out. hope he has bulletproof shoes, because he keeps shooting his feet
Who doesn’t verify? 

Wait! That’s you.
Again another tweet about Fake News?  Why can't you just tweet about something important?
@nytimes has no credibility.   They're irrelevant.
Fake time magazine covers to stroke your ego is the most fake news ever. You will b impeached.
You're a joke.
YOU are the FAKE......along with Faux News. Try reading some real journalism for a change.
I'm not questioning, more of thinking out loud, did all these places & people cause a public crowd, CNN, NBC, CBS, NEWS, NYTimes, clarify
