Of course YOU would be excited about repealing a reform of Wall Street in order to protect tax payers from having to  bail  them out again.
So as a future home-owner, how is this going to help? O.o
Screw me over by allowing me to purchase lease a mortgage at dirt cheap rates? What exactly is it hurting and how?
I've heard the argument that Dodd-Frank hurts small banks at the expense of more stable bigger banks. Is that your understanding?
Oh God this shows my present Twitter ineptitude
He is the only reason we have Asserman the Blackberry's were doped and left in break rooms for congress. Both house and senators
Waste of time, in 2020 everything will go back to Obama's directives only this time, through congress so it cannot be easily undone.
God, I hope so
Obama is online in a picture two days b4 fake Virginia riots! Soros bussed in violent protesters! He advertises on FB to get rioters!
They place ads on Craigslist too!
YOU ARE FIRMLY ESTABLISHED IN OUR HARTS AS AMERICAS #1 PRESIDENT  WHOSE CITIZENS  ELECTED OVERWHELMINGLY WERE PROUD OF YOU.
President Trump go to George Webb YouTube site NOW! He's retired CIA! He has proof of EVERYTHING
Congratulations
Congratulations to Jeb Hensarling &amp; Republicans on successful House vote to repeal major parts of the 2010 Dodd-Fran...
George Webb has been doing daily research for past 300 days! We Crowd Source as a team and the evidence; I.e ; is going to blow Dems away
CLOSE ALL HEDGE FUNDS & INVESTMENT BANKS.. PROBLEMS SOLVED... GREED IS NOT GOOD..
Before this act the country was in Recession.  Repeating history & going backwards.
Hooray! Now banks can screw us over and destroy the economy again!! Yea, Republicans!!
love how nobody in the tread is talking about the economic repercussions this will have on millions of Americans #werefuckd
The smartest guy in the room,you're on top of everything, we r  proud of u.Dont try 2 convince the left,they r lost forever.@MariaBartiromo
RECESSION!!!
This HARMS Service people, seniors, families. Are you KIDDING?
You are assuming he cares about service people,  seniors or families.
I know that he does not, Mary--but what is the excuse of his supporters, many of them who fit all of those categories?
I have friends that defend everything he does and they fall into that category.  I just don't get it.
I don't get it, either. Don't they realize they are hurting themselves? What will it take? Losing health insurance? Losing jobs?
I wish I knew. They have so much anger and I don't get it.
I fear that wouldn't enough. I am legit worried that no matter what he does to hurt his base they'll just keep blaming someone else
I am afraid you are right.
Here comes another FINANCIAL CRISIS!  Brace yourselves America! These regulations protected us. #richwantmore
.@NancyPelosi on Comey: "Anybody who doesn't think that is an abuse of power maybe has never been in the Oval with the [POTUS]"
you get there is a more rational, non-gerrymandered body that will not pass this, right, oh wait, #Winning
Donald, it has to pass the Senate but if it does become law, we'll pass the cost of the next financial melt down to you.
If doesn't befit trump, he's got no interest in it, like the Paris Agreement 
Alright, back to finance crashes. But the money guys won't loose it. The losers will again be the ones who hardly have any money. - SO SAD!!
Oh your doing it again you are not allowed to delete  your tweets, more illegal activity!
Thanks for telling our Mayor where to go Mr President.
We need a @POTUS in Britain right now 
That's not working out very well, is it.
THIS IS NOT CUTE. "LET'S TURN A SHOW ABOUT SUICIDE INTO A PROMPOSAL." YEAH THAT'S A GREAT IDEA. https://twitter.com/perfectcoupIes/status/853064122350485504 …
Yeah, thanks for putting my retirement at risk
Sad how ignorant some ppl are.
Y'all are disgusting. Find me one policy you're pursuing that actually helps consumers, everything you do is for corporations, not people.
I have a feeling dear Calvin my boy that you'd be looking the other way at Hillary's cozy ties to corporations had she been elected.
You'd be wrong. I am extremely critical of corporate Democrats.
And what is the point of bringing that up, when the topic at hand is so much worse than some stupid hypothetical? Obviously they can't
defend Trump, so they try to change the subject. Pathetic magas.
Dana bangs in 2017 is what is truly pathetic.
Wow that’s such a profoundly compelling argument. Was way with her until you commented on her hair style
Perhaps it is my failure to tease & layer with copious amounts of hairspray that's at the heart of her displeasure. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Growth for who... your pockets?? Citizens deserved to have those protections.  The GOP is showing everyone their true colors. #greedySOBs
Your name will be forever connected to the next financial crisis. Have you not had a single class on economics?
Finally, small businesses will flourish again. MAGA.
LOL
Get on the MC sever rit now don some1 just raided our mineshaft
Yep let's go back to the Dark Ages let's make sure that you guys can ruin us again
No, this is just more fucking over of Americans in favor of big business and your friends.  You and your voters are pathetic.
.@realDonaldTrump RESIGN.
Why?
The law the prevents people destroying our economy. Hmmm? Who benefits? Trump, billionaires? Not workers.

Growth for who? Doesn't everyone already know that trickle-down doesn't work?
Same thing Bush did when economy collapsed let's see if you're going to blame Obama again.
Did you not learn any lesson from very recent history? Hopefully the American people will protect themselves. You sure won't.
this will backfire spectacularly, sort of like everything else Donnie touches. http://www.ibtimes.com/will-trump-start-recession-president-plans-roll-back-dodd-frank-dol-fiduciary-rule-2485974 … #Bankrupcy
President Bannon can tank the economy, but he can't tank the Comey!! #ComeyDontPlay https://twitter.com/nytimes/status/873185525091508225 … #ComeyDay #JamesComeyIsAPatriot
The front page of today's New York Times. 
#ComeyIsMyHomey
President Trump's* thought process today. Okay, press conference to bash (pick basher of day). Then, GOLF.
Trump wears a diaper
Poor Liam, he is suffering from mommy separation syndrome.
Independent source says continuous tweeting resembles masturbatory behavior. Poor DT not getting his share any longer.
What could you be good at with the type of bitter bedside manner you portray to @POTUS  I would rather die that to see a so-called Dr likeU!
Looks like a laundry list of charges are being prepared for this presidents impeachment trial. Penalty for treason is death.
This is going to be the first US pres tried criminally. He's going to pay for every crime he commuted and I know there are many
To keep it all straight, Trump wants to destroy our:

1. Healthcare
2. Environment
3. Economy
4. Alliances 
5. Democracy 

What else?
Can you imagine how good it must feel to be a lobbyist with a Trump White House? 

Every day must be like Christmas.
Taking from the poor, and giving to the wealthy who don't need it! We are going to have such a mess to clean up starting in 2018 and 2020!
If you have the sense to look around the world and do not understand what a mess Obama left to be cleaned up then you are off your rocker!
Obama isn't in the White House anymore. The Orange Stain is. And how exactly has he made the world a better place?
I agree that Obama's foreign policy left much to be desired though, but like I said, that doesn't let the Repubs or Trump off the hook.
Mr Trump please keep tweeting. We need to hear from you directly
Hi baby
Meant big baby. Your going backward
Congratulations to your #WallStreet cronies you turned banks loose on us again to wreck our #economy by repealing #DoddFrank #regretmyvote
Don't sell yourself short Mr. President. Thank *you* for your leadership in pushing to repeal growth-hurting regulations.
@POTUS I can't wait to be ripped off by banks and everyone else again
#LOSER #Trumpisstupid #ComradeTrump #MaralagoImmigrantworkers #Failure
Why do you call him comrade?
@realDonaldTrump real@POTUS  wants to be a Russian Communist. He is fond of despots too.
Define communism
Not my job.
Then why do you claim trump is a communist
Because I am an American. Do you read or watch the news ? Everyone around him has ties to Russia. Even his new pick as FBI director.
You realize communism means more than "bad stuff from russia," right?
The doped Blackberry's auto linked to Huma laptop shared with Weiner! Plenty of info For Jay to eat them up for good!
Resign. Pack your stuff and go away.
Yes the bank will grow at the expense of the American people.  Those who don't learn from history are destined to repeat it.
Draining the swamp never looked so good. Sociopath.
yes let's let greedy bankers profit while gambling away ordinary people's hard earned money again 
Manipulation at its finest 
Growth?? For you and your friends as you bring us back to another recession and you and your "comrades" get richer!
LOSER.

What distraction will you create so they can illegally sneak in partisan votes on  the AHCA which will kill millions?
How does that help the middle and low-income classes? It doesn't!
i may advise Mr.President if to protect yo image n personality to resign
The DOL is just wrong
Good
Those were protections put in place after banks screwed Americans! You don't care about US!
If the CRA is still law it too needs to be repealed.
No security from banks. Asking for trouble
@BarackObama fixed everything and now you want to destroy it and put us back in a recession. You suck!! #ImpeachTrumpNOW #comeyismyhomey
Hmm..
We are greatly  respect  you 
We are invite to Excellency you and your family with your business crowd to Sri Lanka is most beauty in Asia.
Thieves
Sure,why not destroy the lives of so many by uncouth Lending Institutions.Pres. Obama rescued us& Republ. r getting us in2  a Depression aha
Economic growth periods avg 10 yrs. We r n yr 8 of this 1. Hope I'm wrong.
Despicable!

RESIGN before u do more harm to Americans
All for the rich. Nothing for the poor and middle class. You are all about destruction.
You just opened the door for another banking crisis. Yet you think this is GOOD?
Is your sole purpose as President to destroy America?

During lobbying blitz, Saudis spent $270,000 at Trump's D.C. hotel. http://dcist.com/2017/06/saudi_lobbying_firm_paid_trump_hote.php … 
Bubble time again
MAGA
Great job!  Now let's get it through the Senate!
@POTUS haters are so messed up that they despise what's good for them just to be anti-...
I'm pretty sure I know who...
Def. of "growth" not actually known to @POTUS 
Growth- Full development; maturity.
Reverse protection of financial collapse? Very, very bad.
Those who forget the mistakes of the past are doomed to repeat them. No Regs= Great Depression. Glass-Steagall - controls. Repeal = 2007/8.
Release the tapes, Lyin Donny! #TrumpComeyTapes
This is NOT growth - it is a slap in the face to the American people by allowing Wall Street to rape, pillage and plunder once again.  SAD.
Yes, it is growth to allow Wall Streeters to rape/pillage America again!! Nov 2018 is going to be so much FUN! Make America Crooked Again
Disastrous for working people to remove any regulations that protect people from risky predatory practices.
Bow your #WallStreetBuddies can raise profits now with deregulation, right? Another. Token promise to the American people, sir.
#bringbackmarketcrash
Growth at the risk of a missive financial meltdown with few checks and balances #terribleDeal
We r regulationed too far...can not move forward, backward or sideways. Good people deserve homeownership.  They need a break.
@realDonaldTrump sneaky bastid robbing from the common American to fill his own big, fat, real fat pockets on his big, fat, fatttttttt pants
another broken promise, installing Goldman Sachs in the administration, and allowing banks free reign to rip off the public.... TRAITOR
You really don't need to keep tweeting the same thing over and over. It makes following you painful.
Then don't follow me,I post my comments 2 MANY republican losers Every day,the same message every day 2make sure THEY SEE it. it's not 4 U!
Growth for bankers and rich fucks. You think economy has recovered to the point that you can scoop off another windfall.
Yeah to help your wacked agenda
Yes because it worked so well before.  LIAR
We love you God choosen one.
Congrats on getting other nations to pay their share of NATO costs. Now how about other nations paying for the UN too?
Welcome how to destroy the country. Brought to you by Mr. Trump. We hope you have enjoyed this program.
CORRUPTION! GREED!
Growth of your empire...no more, no less
I give two years from now before the next crisis! Bravo!
Is your husband home..anyone that can get you to a Doctor immediately for a head exam??
We needed regulations on the big banks and Wall street. C
Without consumer protection we are at the mercy of those who almost destroyed us.
It will lead us to another crisis like in 2008
Make America have a recession again.  As long as your butt buddies get richer.
Yes! Why would retirement investors want their advisors to act in their best interest? What a crazy humanitarian concept!
I can't wait for the next recession!!!
Donald, you bubble wrap bigot. Stop hurting the middle class just because you're a privileged rich white boy.
You actually belive congrats are in order? Your motto must be put wall st first again.
Growth for who - let me guess- your rich banker buddies!  Wasn't that what you said should get Hillary locked up?!?!
Last time around it was GROWTH! Followed by COLLAPSE! How quickly some folks forget. But then, it didn't hurt you much.
Hope that recession isn't right around the corner though. I think it may be
JO
decimation abd throwback to bush.
Growth for the rich on the backs of those they charge more for the services they can now fraudulently sell again.  Sub-prime lending take 2!
Nothing like repealing something put in place to prevent another 2008/09 downturn. You probably didn't notice since u had Russian financing.
I bet your buddies are happy
Growth for billionaires, loss of protections for everyone else.
Great job and what a relief for those that want to invest in America!
Repeal
Im glad you are precipitating the financial crisis so early in your administration
Are you draining the swamp or just filling it with bribe money?
Growth for your cronies on W.S., the kind that landed us "commoners" in the mess of 2008. #GrowthForThe1Percent
GRAFT is more like it...not Draining The Swamp"- more like feeding the 'gators! SHAME.
Maybe for those of you with your money offshore. The rest of us are digging in for another recession.
Last time half of my 401K disappeared due to the crooked bankers. Thanks @realDonaldTrump for making it a possibility again. Sad.
The only success this is for is the wealthiest, just like everything you do. Make America Great Again is in reality your bankrupting it!
Yay!!!
Congratulations for setting the stage for the next Depression!! 
Yay!!
I can't wait for souplines!!
Yay!!
Growth in financial markets is not equal to growth in jobs: your bottom line gets fatter, we get weaker.
No not quiet just have nothing for heathens
Worst.  President.   Ever.   We can see right through your self-serving agenda.
@dacullington. Prayers to Steve and others injured in the VA shootings. Disagree with Trump's views on the #ChoiceAct and #AHCA.
I have to say I am disappointed. We need protection from financial institutions. Please reconsider!
Break up banks
Why do you think repealing major parts of Dodd-Frank would be in an average joes best interest? Because I can tell you, it's not.

Oh yeah IDIOT! Let's rebuild the house of cards that fell in 2008 put up by the banks and lenders that led to an economic crash! Bonehead!
Party like it's 2008 :/
Because banks did so well before Dodd-Frank. You must love bankruptcy! How many times have you pulled that out?  6?
Padding the pockets of your wealthy pals at the expense of the American people.
@POTUS You just gave big banks a free license to play Russian roulette with our economy like they did in 2008.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump After all, you did say you rooted for the last housing crisis to happen because "you knew you could make deals."
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump What kind of sniveling snake roots for people to lose their homes and their savings to greedy, slimy bankers?
RESIGN
Congratulations to your supporters who are heavily laden with debt! I love it. They deserve it !
This tweet will be in the foreword when they come to write the history of the next financial crash, you innumerate bellwhiff.
Growth for whom? Your fellow billionaires? This is going to destroy many average citizens.  #trumprussia #DoddFrank
You're going for the gut punch. Very classy. Doing an excellent job of tearing this country from stem to stern.
Resign now

You and your cronies are wringing your hands waiting to commit fraud in the financial institutionsThe regulations are there for a reason 
When you come for a new TARP F#%k you
Crook.
You just want to undo what Obama did. Out of revange, you dont give a sh_t about the American people, its all about a reality show, U fired!
Yeah, now the banks get to screw over the little guy again.  You're a jerk who doesn't know shit.
You still haven't got that counseling I asked you to think about, huh?
1/Representing the middle class?? Hahaha! You are jeopardizing
 us just as we were in jeopardy before 2008. Intentional? I know that you
Next crash is on you then.
Not growth.  Wall street cooperate corruption. You are literally helping the swamp creatures you said you'd "drain"
For who??????
