Cum to vist Africa Mr president
Fuck you, you fucking clown.
Someone sounds mad. Grow up lmfao.
How about that astros team? They gonna be visiting the white house anytime soon?
Yeah  take a look at tape this year...Crosby not pleased to be there...His a committed guy, so he went for his team. Class always..unlike Trump.
I agree 100% with you 
We LOVE Penn. bc PENN VOTERS put Trump over the top on Electoral Votes!!!
Plus, it's the home state of one of my all-time FAVES - ARNOLD PALMER!...We miss you, Arnie!!! 
#Celebrate #TRUMPAWESOMENESS #MAGA
https://www.vox.com/2015/8/27/9212725/australia-buyback …
Read this with regard to your gun laws. Now IS the time to get rid of your guns. The 2nd ammendment can be amended.
About 1/2 the players on the Penguins roster are foreigners here on temp work visas-like the #H2B
good one
That's true of most  US hockey teams-that sport relies  heavily on foreign players.
My #SJsharks as well, however they are paid very well
They could have hired American players instead
And perhaps they should
You're welcome. Chances are some won't show, the know you're fake president
You suck
Until they don’t!
Order Nigeria, FG to let Biafra be
Happy Sunday to you Mr. Trump. Please come to our rescue in South East, Nigeria and stop all the bullshit that's happening there.
#Iran
after thewy shook your hand they lost
I heard they asked for Hillary
What they're doing isn't about the flag or the national anthem. It's about protesting police brutality you stunning ignorant moron!

Pleased to inform that I am requesting your #resignation.
Are you asking as in please come or are you pleased*? Your subject and verb are fighting, again.
So happy about this. One of my fave teams and our great President.
Love the game! Congratulations Penguins!
Again. Most of these guys are Canadian and they loathe being there with the Moron in Chief
Hey  man , what  do  you  expect  from  flightless  birds ?
Really Mr. President.
mr trump , u r part of kkk just admit it!
mr trump , u r part of kkk just admit it
Great because they can play or great because they lowered themselves enough to visit you?
Ifb
CINDY CROSBY n THE PANSIES!!
Grow up.  You are the President not some snizzeling peasant fan - or are you?
You jinxed them.

Well done!
#WorstPresidentEver
Nobody gives a fuck. Literally no one.
Awesome!
Good morning Mr President.Have a great day!
You mean "pleased"?
Big fucking deal
The gunman from LV is the true definition of a  TERRORIST . Call it  like that.
It's well known that Penguins are very dumb birds...
America stands for the flag!

Mama bicho
#to t
Mr President, you must see this!!! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mBbOFwWquAw …
I like all you are doing for The USA Thank you
Cunt
Cuz none of the nfl will??
The WH used to be a special place. Current inhabitants have lowered the tone of the place to a level where people are happy to refuse an invitation. Way to go #dotard #incompotus
Lets go Pens. At least they have respect for the President unlike other teams. Suck it Caps fans see you in the 2nd round playoffs again.

Must have some concussions going on again.   Canadians are usually smarter than that.  Cole Harbor NS..not proud.
Hope they change their minds and not show up last min.  Would be funny.
Is nothing safe from Trump land.
Sir, we knw u're more concerned with internal affairs, but also knw u fear God and fight evil. Pls come to the aid of Southern Cameroonians
Glad to hear the NFL are real men. Much respect.
Ok 
@sickNdisgusted  not a Penguins fan but it's the right thing to do you're a great president
bahahaha
And I feel sorry for all of them
All white team?
Oh the women's basketball champions didn't cut it huh?
Talk about LOW RATINGS. Trump can't get NBA champs. Probably MLB, too. Best he can do is hockey? How SAD. Nobody's even heard of these guys.
Check your grammar.
This whole tweet is grammatically incorrect. Can you atleast get someone to proof read your tweets c'mon man. I'm embarrassed.
@POTUS just stopped watching the #penguins. I will vote with my #wallet

Here's a handy guide to how your taxes will go up, unless you make more than $471k. #PayTheirFareShare 
Quit
Please do not invite the 2018 NFL Champions to the White House if any of their players, coaches, management, or owner have dishonored USA.
Don't you have an island to save you petty attention seeker?
He finally found a team that would come see him
Hope they kneel
Who cares
Pleased*
you can't name 2 guys on that "great"team
Duh? Mr prez ... How many black players on Penguins ?
Dont give a shit
I am not surprised, Pittsburgh has always know how to work together and Be a Winning Team. How do you think they won FIVE Super Bowls?
hi good afternoon please how are u daddy
https://youtu.be/PYw4vtA5H-Y 
please learn more words. With twittet going to 280 characters you will need them lol. Have a good day donald sincerely.
Nobody watches #Hockey  or cares.  Tweet this to #Canada they might care.
RT for Trumph , Like for OBAMA
Look at all you blue check marks duking it out. Nice!
Of course a bunch of white people
Liar
What about perto Rico ? Who gives a fuck about the NHL?!
hey rump i really like your book how to be a billionaire
Is this before or after you go to Puerto Rico and talk to the American citizens you have failed?
They came because they didn't have the BALLS to say PUCK you!
Maybe you should have ran for sports commissioner. You are way more concerned about that
You always get the b-listers
Thank you!@penguins @pittsburg
Yep, great team until one of them develops a social conscience and exercises their first amendment rights.
Unlike the Snowflakes from California
And they all stand in respect to the American flag and national anthem
Unfortunate for the penguins
How sad that trump has spoiled even this tradition with his divisive rhetoric! Now everyone is vilified if they do or if they don't!
This is the only thing he has accomplished in 8 months. He has ripped our country apart on the one thing that used to unite us.. sports
Don't use our Pens as a political chess piece! They are honorable men who work tirelessly for our city's less fortunate.
Pleased*
You don't know what the fuck hockey is dotard
Sure, Lots of non-whites players...
Where's the POTUS' spelling/grammar checker when you need him?
The only thing there gonna join is your crap
Unlike your White House team
Don't you have a job to do Man?!!
Yes 
Your English seems Russiaty. Perhaps a few more correspondence courses will help. I'm sure the Kremlin has an account with Kaplan.
pity you dont
Who cares about the NHL.....
Who cares
They're all white too , right! You have disrespected  our flag, constitution and our Country more than anyone ever!!!
Well, at least you found somebody. #FakePresident  #Winning
You think they're disrespecting Flag .  why are you kidding me. Do you know that you and your colleagues disrespecting the flag .
I doubt they want to meet your failing ass!
Love Pittsburgh

Thats my team!
Hope they got more class than to take a knee. Best their ass if the try Tomi.
Why the fuck don't you pay attention to Puerto Rico, North Korea, and Houston  just to name a few, rather than focusing on the sports teams?
Shame! #boycottPenguins
What a wonderful honor to be invited to the WhiteHouse.
Capitals take them out this year
Idiot
Sellouts
Take a knee we will change the channel
It's alright cause it's all white ..... right Donnie?
Something tells me this tweet may not age well. Pittsburgh despises trump.
They must all be white.
Not black people Invited ! What a disgrace make America great again
Big fucking deal. A clown that cut a hole in a flag and wore it as a poncho got invited. Who wants to be lumped in with that trash?
Remember Donald, the internet never forgets.
Human crisis in
$20 says Trump doesn't know what the Championship Trophy is named!
@penguins, don't stoop so low was to become political pawns of this PHONY, incompetent would-be despot named Trump!
Refuse him! #REBUKETRUMP
Maybe we need to make sure these guys get a bump in pay
Penguins play hockey not politics.
I guess you should ban Boston bruins , Tim Thomas refused the white house...or is it ok because Obama was in there
Great job Pittsburgh I am now more of a fan
Makes sense. Sid Crosby is as big a cry baby as you. Yall should hit it off nicely. Remember tho, most NHL players arent citizens! Oh no!
Excellent
That's awesome . But maybe we should quit inviting them all to the Whitehouse. Too much disrespect from teams these days.
Wheres Crosby at??
He is the Pens!! 
#noshow
Nobody gives a shit about hockey.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OGeReG51fa0 … plz watch
Yes, enjoy your visit with our Canadian boys!
Who?
great moment what about the NFL Mr. President you have to do justice to everyone.
