FACTS:Retail losing tons of jobs(stores closing)Car sales down, New Housing Market Down, winning???Apprenticeships were started by Obama!
Things are down because of radical left. Your in the way and truly are not intelligent enough to get it.
And you're not intelligent enough to spell "you're" correctly.
So because he trump stumped your fellow flower, you have gone back to being a grammar nazi? No facts to go against his case? Just grammar?
Yes. The FACT is, bad grammar indicates failure to comprehend the English language. U think FACTS will be comprehended? Um no.
It is You not U.
It's "U," when you're trying to save characters. Though, your character clearly, cannot be saved.
I'm confused, Mr. President. Is the #WitchHunt phony or real?
According to CHUMP It's not real until the Washington post reports on it and they have to say is real but then it's an illegal leak! LMAO
Thank God for Obama and his policies that got us here. Now we can watch you ruin it.

Really 1800 local 3 workers from your hometown of NYC has been on strike for 82 days. Against charter/Spectrum.
So you're saying the Witch Hunt is phony? So, no Witch Hunt, got it.
Go back to Oz and somewhere over the rainbow.
#Resist #Mueller #trumpRussia
In 2016 we were at 16% unemployment or 21 I've heard 57% but the day lord took over it plummeted. He also had 12 holes in 1that day #idiot
Because of you, regulations for clean water are way down.  Regulations for job safety are way down.
Retail Sales
Home Construction
Nike,
Time,
Sears
SLASHING Jobs!
&
THIS is from
@FoxNews!

you gonna
call THIS
#FakeNews Too?

#NotWinning!
Now if we can just find a way to keep the peaceful, loving, kumbaya liberals from shooting people...
and crazy violent, gun loving, white supremacist domestic terrorist trump supporters/conservatives from knifing and murdering people...
meanwhile....
Have you read the Bill yourself Denise or are you just passing on BS Propaganda flyers that are posted on Twitter by some other uninformed??
Yes I have.Have U?By the way-senators Collins,Heller &Rand Paul are voting NO. Fix ACA. #Bipartisanship
Taking credit for the work of Obama , the man you are so jealous of that you would ruin our country for your vengeance. What a sad  Man U R
AMEN!!!  This schmuck will ruin everything  good that President Obama accomplihed.  What a jerk!!!  SAD is the only word that fits Trump.
Obama didn't accomplish anything!
You need to look outside your fucking bubble!  Retail CLOSING, losing those jobs...car sales DOWN, but hey..lets get more coal jobs!
That's what happens when our so called leadership has no clue. #TheResistance #witchesresist
The only jobs can take credit for are all the lawyers and a few at a Carrier plant that Pence paid $7M for in IN taxpayer $ 4. Rest r Obama
Ok, again the incredibly low unemployment numbers r all Obama the only jobs made are lawyers he and his cadre need and pence paying carrier

IT'S MORE THAN THAT NOW; thanks to crazed, unhinged Lib/Leftists & their PROVEN FAKE NEWS Cohorts! Dem's want OPPOSITE of MAGA; NOW WE KNOW!
You MISSED THE POINT...Even Stern realized dem's are Marxist/Commies. Because he kisses ASS for CASH means ZERO
Please resign Mr. Trump
Worker safety down; environment safety down; trumpcare sick; lies abound!!
#Witchhunt? Oh, you mean like Obama wiretapping or birther #claims that you made to divert attention from your problems? For #shame, #POTUS.
Phony would be claiming Obama wiretapped you, or that there are Comey tapes. Don those are things that are not real thus they are phony
You're doing a great job POTUS!
STALIN SAID TO BRING DOWN THE U.S. 
1.NEED TO TAKE GOD OUT OF U.S.
2. MAKE THE U.S. INMORAL
3. FILL U.S. WITH DRUGS
WHAT LEFT HAS BEEN DOING
All no thanks to you and your 18th century mind.
You sound drunk dude
Wow, anyone who hasn't watched NIghtline's story on Watergate should see it. Parallels to #TrumpRussia are shocking.
No. You lie. Trump/money laundering/bankruptcies/ Russia.
You'll all in debt up to your ears and owned.
#impeach
#indict
#ruin
#disgrace
No they arent. Numbers are lower than ever, but sadly your supporters wont read for themselves.
Go do some work
Well, we know that lawyers are in high demand lately.
Enthusiasm for your impeachment!!
Phony would be the polls that put your approval rating at 50%
There is more hay in America because the Bernie supporters in the Hillary supporters can't take a loss let's wake up America's
Just keep to your agenda and let Congress destroy themselves w/ pointless investigations. Look forward to NEW GOP leadership to work w/ soon
We need GOP leaders who know how to lead. Replace Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell with REAL LEADERS
Just keep up the good work @POTUS.The Dems are using this witch hunt as propaganda for the 2018 election.There is no evidence or wrongdoing
Big thanks to our President for doing an amazing job! Despite the witch hunt, the obstructionists & the fake news. 
We believe in you!
And you have been under investigation for 2 years.... going down
Get serious enough of the lies, auto plants are down sizing,laying off,..lies
That's the latest report from the Congressional Jobs Enthusiasm Office, I assume? Great news!
Even if that is true, Do you seriously believe that it's your achievement? You have only been in the office for a day.
All due to President Obama. You're riding the tide of HIS successes while you've managed to accomplish NOTHING but making America a joke.
The only thing phony is YOU!!!
Start a new hashtag for you president Trump 
#2termtrump
0 by the way job report unemployment the best in 16 years by the way Republican was running it consumer sediment best in 17 years =2 termer
The unemployment rate is a lagging economic indicator.  A businessman such as yourself should know that the credit for jobs isn't yours.
The investigation of you is not phony. It's very real.
You ppl truly need help...try turning off CNN, that'd be a great 1st step to recovery
Great job Mr. PRESIDENT! !
Not phony witch hunt. Your Campaign colluded with the Russians and you tweeted yourself into Obstruction of Justice
Commercial real estate sales are down 20% since your inauguration, are you going to talk about that?
HANDEL 53 % OSSOFF 44 % #KARENHANDEL #WIDENS #POLLS #LEAD #OVER #Ossoff #JonOssoff #Loser #Georgia #Ga06 #Atl #Atlanta #Sixth #OssoffSucks @
@iluvspringtime thanks to the @POTUS and only him
Those numbers have nothing to do with your admin u have done nothing to help this country so stop taking credit for Obama legacy #LOCKHIMUP
Keep at it Mr President you winning!
Enthusiasm that you get closer every day to getting booted out of office. You're a national embarrassment.
@TheJusticeDept reports to @potus, making @realDonaldTrump WitchHunter-in-Chief.
Taxes?
It's phony yet you try and obstruct.Honestly Don, we don't need to contradict you. You're totally skilled in doing that by yourself
You're starting to sound like Nixon!!!
Enthusiasm? There's nothing but hate and contempt in USA because of you. Try to change us Donnie boy but we're RESISTING! Get outta our WH.
YOU DAMNED LIAR.  WHEN IN THE HELL ARE YOU GOING TO FINALLY TELL THE TRUTH? YOU SHOULD NEVER BE POTUS COMRADE
#foreal
Hey Trumpy customarily the only ones scared about witch hunts, are the witches themselves.  #MAGA
Shut down the Special Council Crap now! Enough is enough, stop wasting $ and pass tax reform & repeal O Care.
Maybe in 2019 after the new Congress is sworn in. This group doesn't have the political will.
Only thing people are enthused about is your IMPEACHMENT! LMAO
your job statement = #alternativefacts.  The enthusiasm is up now that you are being investigated!!
Enthusiasm is up, hopes for impeachment are getting stronger justification
I have felt a huge increase in my own business since November, thank you Mr. President.
You do understand that this early in the game it's still the effects of the previous administration right?
Thanks for all you've accomplished in such short time...Keep up the good work Mr.President... aka Teflon Don
So much for #maga and #AmericaFirst
Lockheed Martin inks deal to make F-16 fighter jets in India http://cnn.it/2slALxL  
Is that so? So sad! Bigly sad!
When you say 'phony Witch Hunt' are you implying there's such as thing as a REAL witch hunt? Asking for a friend.
Y'all know Donald... I'm starting to like you
ECONOMIC growth of only .7 is abismal!! HARDLY way up! Lowest in Years!!

Fire the Democrats You can declare war And that's All they Do is FIGHT 
Enthusiasm? What are you smoking?
Enthusiasm???? Having a country divided
You are taking credit for President Obama's economy?
Your fiscal year starts in October!
Certainly not due to you of course...
This is still Obama's economy. I can't wait until it crashes so you will be blamed.
Actually, they're fairly lackluster.    No actual American is enthusiastic about your Presidency.
mommies little baby loves shortening bread! Repeat: mommies little baby loves shortening bread!
There is always enthusiasm for a great hunt...
#WitchHuntersforTrump my 401k hit a all time high. Thank you POTUS
- 'Bullschitt'
Don't stop fighting to MAGA. Right always wins in the long run. The witch hunters  are wrong!!!
trying to get blocked again, I see!  You'll soon have two to my 0.  I seriously need to step up my game.
Translation: Investigations are legitimate, economic/job picture is bleak, and everyone is pissed off and depressed.
Everyone is not "pissedoff and depressed" just losers are. Less losers in America please.
Those are thanks to Obama. You know, the black president whose legacy you are attempting to erase? @Skipbeckwith
Lesson #be careful whose advice you implement.
Despite the phony Witch Hunt going on in America, the economic &amp; jobs numbers are great. Regulations way down, jobs ...
Well President Trump's how about cancelling the IRS penalizing American for not having health insurance, thank you
Sessions needs to hunt the WITCH, with 33,000 felonies and selling State Department permissions for cash to her Foundation and hubby, Bill!!
Just release your taxes and EVERYTHING should be cleared up!!  That  should prove the type of man you are one way or another.
You must be dreaming! Lol
No recesses until decisions.
If you have Nothing to Hide... Why don't you just let them Investigate??? Why aren't you asking anyone to figure out what Russia did???
So wrong. Sad.
He must be talking about his workers
You are reading the wrong numbers. Those high figures are the people who are sorry they voted r you.#buyersremorse
That's rt         And your doing as u said   People just don't c.  The left got them blind or bought         Continue ur work trump
I never imagined I would read: phony and Witch Hunt ( what's with the capitals) in a statement from any elected official.
Eventually the Witch Hunt will probably come up with a Witch!
Probably, Hillary Clinton, a confirmed Perjuror, Obstructionist, & Conspirator
#WestBank #Trump @CNN @BBC
You're such a pathological liar. Your narcissism does not allow you to know what the truth is. Please resign and save America.
suggestion POTUS the best way to get back at fake news or investigations is don't acknowledge them. Talk about the good.
what planet do you live on @realDonaldTrump seriously?
Is it a real witch hunt or a phony one?? you write poorly...enthusiasm is up...you live in a bubble Don...wake up
Do something about snowflakes trying to run america before we are destroyed by terrorists YOU ARE THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
God bless!
If it is a "phony witch hunt" does that mean it's actually real and there's something there? Or are you planning a campaign stop in Salem?
Also it takes anywhere from 1 to 2 years for the effect of an economic policy to be felt. Any growth is from Obama. Not u.
Not all places are good. I was layed off in April.
There's more enthusiasm for you going to jail. #LockHimUp
Enthusiasm up? You talking to your cronies at the club, or the rest of the 98%?
Thanks, Russia!
Enthusiasm is way up because of the possibility that you may be impeached soon and your empire will collapse in the US. Yeah woo hoo.
Enthusiasm for impeachment?
Those numbers reflect AWESOME job Prez @BarackObama did. & if there's nothing to #TrumpRussia #ComeyFiring invest'g, y tweet so much re: it!
Anyone reading that tweet, if you want to know the truth, check out the dept of labor numbers. Trump says you can believe them now.
Not a witch hunt
Is this dude for real?

#WTF #Delusional
Trump is my president....you have done more in your 6 months than any of the liberals
More crazy rhetoric.  The majority of American people no longer believe or listen to it.
Their are no witch hunt going on buddy, you did it or knew about it, you will answer to the people its you JOB
Old tactics to undermine a sitting president by the opposing party.  Ho hum.  Keep up the good work, Mr. President Trump!
Phony witch hunt?  Enthusiasm way up?  LOL.  Dream on.
What about American IT infrastructure?  Stop the corrupt Indian H1B visas please in their entirety
Please repeal FATCA! Help American citizens living as residents in other countries.
Enthusiasm is up because of all the good news you post about being under investigation. Leak much? Oh and everyone near u lawyering up
The enthusiasm is because YOU'RE GOING TO GET IMPEACHED!  YES!! THAT would MAGA!!  LMAO
I don't want my son to die from tainted peanut butter! Please keep regulations on peanut butter factories!
The #monster under your bed is real! #DonaldTrump is treating your #country like it's a board game. #scary.
Oh no....its quite legal and  unfortunately....very real....you might want to hide Lol!
You need to resign! Worst president EVER!
Umm where is your eyebrows
You are the witch
And world. To create a high functioning society for All. #Lion 
I suggest everyone Unfollow Trump. Go to his Time Line to comment.  We all know how much numbers mean to his fragile ego.
Fire Muller! Admit yr guilt ! Resign before you are impeached!
Dreamer.
Fake News. Make America Gag Again!
You've done an awesome job so far Mr President and it shows, that's all that counts! MAGA 
Yes thanks to a great American born president Barack Obama! Thank you #44
You had nothing to do with the economy fool that is totally Obama.  You will get credit in February 2028 for your failures!

@potus, anything you & your administration does has NOT had any significant impact on the Economy or anything else as of today. Nice try.
Truth sucks, doesn't it. You're guilty and you know it...
I've done nothing but divided this country. U r responsible for hate in our country cause u instigate it with ur lying rhetoric..Grow up
Trump did nothing wrong. Is Russia Cuba? Making good business. Are you all against Russians for wanting prosperity?
Enthusiasm is not measurable until it explodes.
EnThuSiaSm wAy uP
Yeah. You see the enthusiasm in #Flint MI. It's deafening! Why not come join the celebration: SO many opportunities & crystal clean water.
Not my enthusiasm.
I don't know how you stand it. The liberals are out of control. I pray for you daily
Except 44 created those jobs
Any gains in the economy are Obama's wins. You are too consumed with yourself to make positive changes for the American people.
President Trump is a 100% Class A President Thanks President Trump for never giving in to the Idiotic Ones
Regulations ARE jobs you dip  that protect AMERICAN air, water, food that corps TAINT! YOU GIVE NO 's YOU DEPLORABLE KLEPTOCRAT & TRAITOR
When is your family going to move all your company's to California?.
Still riding #44 coat tail!!!
Sorry. You're rating is really low.
Approval rating in the low 30s. That's enthusiasm if I've ever seen it
The only enthusiasm is that of your cronies.
Enthusiasm that you and your cronies are on the brink of disaster and are finally going to get caught .can you please just go away
Ummm, maybe your enthusiasm, kinda muddled perception sir
You are delusional.
the only enthusiasm is the ppl excited over your hopefully upcoming impeachment :D
Inaccuracies, lies, boastful self-promotion. You wrote this.
What enthusiasm? You have divided America form the rest of the World, and, American's from American's! Me in New Zealand.
Lol keep the "I'm making America great"  just leave already go your like a needy ex you'll never be accepted
According to you. The facts speak for themselves.
