“Because, you know, it’s all about me!”
, and your loyal minion lost and you're whining having lies spewed against Christian Conservative Judge Roy Moore because you know you can't buy a Godly man
,and is this why you are behind the LIES being spewed against Christian Conservative Honorable Judge Roy Moore ? I think yes I can read you like a book  it takes something you don't have and can't buy  Spiritual insight and discernment
You sound like a 13 year old, hormone filled, child praying for popularity. #goodluckworstpotusever
Yep, it's you scratch my back I'll scratch yours. Speaks volumes....... volumes!
I guess PDJT was right after all about Big Luther having an easier path to victory in the general election.
So he's loyal to you.....but is he qualified. You are not a monarach although you might think you are.
Virginia needs our help. Such smear from HRC's disgusting smear with no logic.

#EndDACA
#ADIOSILLEGALS 
#ADIOsDreamers
#EndDacaNow 
#NoAmnesty
#DeportThemAll
#NoDacaDeal 
@realDonaldTrump
JUST NOW: "Dreamers" surround Nancy Pelosi, scream "shut down ICE," and demand amnesty for every illegal immigrant. 
请各位转发给美国人！Let Miles Kwok Talk!Freedom Speech in USA! Assembly at the White House on October 4 at 2 p.m.(Eastern time), Join us! @KwokMiles
Get me my f****** help
Helpful? Hmmmm...
Endorse for loyalty ?  How about endorsing because he has good policies ?
Hahaha wrong winner
Very good

Hahaha. You lost and Banning etal worked against you in your name. Y'all are some twisted personalities
And loyalty to you is more important than the good people of Alabama. Perhaps that's why they didn't vote for him.
Another lackey of yours Donald?
Is that the only reason?
Not because he's the best candidate then Donald...just about you...again. Sad.
So Duhnold Trump is asking Alabama voters to elect "Big" Luther Strange aka as "The Big Bunny" when he was in university. Strange nickname.
Lost
...and your endorsement killed his future Senate chances. Everything you touch fails.
"Little" Roy "Rogers" Moore just done beat your "
Big" boy. Never back a Strange man.-
too bad voters don't care about loyalty to you
Did he do the spray tan on your hard to reach grundle?
Is this THE Dr. Strange???!
That's a shame #BreakingNews #usuck
'Was' being the operative word.
#oops
Well, I guess Alabama doesn't really like you, bud.
I am sorry out State let you down.  Now lets show the world what ACCEPTING vote results looks like!
You tanked his campaign! 
So you ruined the National Anthem for nothing?!!  Asshole!!!
I'm happy you got your comeuppance. I'm sad the Senator from AL will be a racist lunatic.
That's the only reason you do anything, but you flip like a switch.
@SarahClapp he lost...bigly!
Ha Ha!
How's that working for ya?
Hahahahaha LOSER
Oops! LOSER!
Whining again .....getting so tired of whining
He lost Bitch
Helpful to you is not a valid reason to support someone in a political race you have no stake in.
don't think the great state of Alabama much cares who supported you. They're going with President Bannon's pick. Ha ha ha
"I am supporting "Big" Luther Strange because he was so loyal & helpful to me!" This has no bearing on whether he's a good choice for AL.
Who cares!!!!!
Aren't you the least afraid of placing our citizens in perand boisterous insults to threats toward a leader clearly deranged? More so than..
Diplomacy doesn't pigeonhole you into the cockamamie pandering of our ultra sensitive population and I agree with most all your standpoints
but veil your threats occasionally if for nothing else than to catch Kim Jong Poon with his pants down for his deserved paddling. . Plz rply
If you'd like to rply personally zajrobertson86@yahoo.com. I like you and would love a political advising job. My degree being in polisci.
Please don't align yourself with the wrong side!  You will make it a referendum about you and it isn't!!
Dear Mr. president ;why is it in the United States if we are for Americans we are called racist? It's ridiculous. Thank you for hope.
Are you down to counting those loyal to you on one tiny hand yet?
@MSNBC@JOYANNREID WHAT ABOUT PUERTO RICO & THE US VIRGIN ISLANDS YOU IDIOT STOP Playing games trying to keep attn off of that Weezer kushner
not because hes actually a good choice, but because he helped YOU...
Lock him up!
And your boy is going to get his ass whipped, and MSM & RINOS will blame you
Either way he wins.....unfortunately for you & MSM
Didn't you mean you support him because he's committed to acting in honest representation of his constituents?  #Clueless
Are you losing it?  He won't be anymore loyal to us or you than the others in the swamp...that YOU promised to drain!  Remember?
Russia meddles in our election; now Trump meddles in state elections. At least he is consistent!
Why is President Trump meddling in state and local elections? Has he not promoted less federal interference and more state control? Odd.
Trump
@realDonaldTrump we don't want you so you can stay up there.
Didn't you mean "Bigly?" #presidentdotard
Visiting your base in one of the least educated states again I see.
Crook
Do they love football in Alabama? I forget.
BFD...Want to get out of DC? You could make us all happy if you'd just resign!!! Then you could go anywhere after you get out of prison.
There ya go with that loyal thing again. Who kisses your ass gets the prize!!
I've been there terrible place -- George wasn't very nic , neither was his Bro!!!
Not because he is a good candidate, but because he is "loyal" to you.  What a swampy person you are.
Your KKK friends would love to gather and rally for the biggest DOTARD around and you will be surrounded by some "fine people"
LUTHER WHO ???
Why don't you support people that are right for the job?
Yuck
No one cares
That's ur criteria 4 who should be a senator? Loyal & helpful to you? How about loyal & helpful 2 her/his constituents? Narcissistic psycho.
I guess he signed the loyalty pledge Comey wouldn't.
What type of helpful 
What exchange happened between you two? Maybe we should investigate that one too.
I had tickets ...could not get in.  Proud of Huntsville turn out!!
I'm with my President Donald Trump. #TRUMPMINUTEMEN
Am with you guys.
YOU ARE NOT FOX NEWS DUMBASS SIT THR FUCK DOWN
Does putting big in quotes mean you're referring to his dick size??? You've got a habit of talking about dick.
Mr. President when you coming to Michigan you won the state of Michigan come and visit us we need your help
I'm glad to tell you it is not about you. It is about the People. And you lost the popular vote by 3 million votes. Deal with that!
We R not sheeple-We don't follow U blindly-We research & ascertain who is better choice-We take the #10commandments over the #swampthing!

Yeah, “loyalty” to you is more important than loyalty to the country. #FuckingHitlerWannabe
That's your Achilles heel.  Loyalty is NOT a qualification for good governance. Not even related to how well someone will represent Amer ppl
It's not about how they treat the country, it's always about how they treat YOU.
You're backing the wrong Republican.
Because he was loyal and helpful?  What about policy that he backs and is be a decent human?
Because he was loyal and helpful to you does in no way qualify him for office.

"Because he is so loyal & helpful to me". That, Sir, will be his eternal undoing.
You should care that he's a racist, not his loyalty. Only mob bosses care about that as much as you.
It's always about you.
Why not go to a blue state, you know, with educated voters? You afraid?
Let's think about other people who were loyal to you and ended up thrown up under the bus, whether they deserved it or not.
I'm looking forward to you not being president . Impeach and replace
I wasn't aware he helped you collude with "Big" Vladimir Putin. I'm assuming "Big" is code for deplorable traitor
Dear Mr President, it is time for America to be great again . Push for democracy in Africa. Remove all the dictators 2 free Africa
Just a mouse in your pocket? They arent there to serve you there to do our bidding.  Dotard LMFAO to a tee.
Way to pick em "Little Hands" Donald Trump. No reason to support someone competent as long as there is a hack to be had. FAKE POTUS!!
Noooot because he’s the most qualified or has the best policy ideas 
I overherd a couple of orangutans talking and one was very worried he was your father if u would like a picture i think i can do it
Is everything big to you because you are so small. In every way?
If anyone from Alabama reads this, Luther Strange is Mitch Mcconnell 2.0. I realize it's hard to trust someone on twitter but Luther is bad
"Big" Luther is one of the most annoying, arrogant people I've ever been around. Makes sense you endorse him tho. You're both the same
"Big" Luther strange claims to believe in small government but just look at his record. He's a Lindsay graham & J McCain type
Leave John McCain out of it.
I've been around "Big" Luther strange plenty of times. He is arrogant and treats everyone around him like they are peasants.
Itd probably make more sense to support him because he is well qualified, not because he is your lackey
Nope not with you on this one.  Globalist!

Campaigning for sycaphants. Rather than draining the swamp you fill it with your muck. Release your tax returns.
Great song!!!
You had a Great long speach! Great job President Trump!!!
Hopefully that is the KISS of Death for his candidacy
Where you will ramble on.. incoherently.. lie after lie.. while playing an invisible accordion.
Thank you for coming to Huntsville.  Bring your beautiful wife-stay for some sweet tea next time.#MAGA #TRUMP
What an moronic reason to support someone! You should support them because of their stance on issues that affect the country! #45worst/potus
Love you Donald but I'm pulling for Roy Moore. Pretty sure the vast amount of Alabama voters who voted for you are too. Drain the swamp.
@realDonaldTrump you also endorsed Rubio, Songbird McCain & Paul Ryan.  Luther Strange is pro DACA & amnesty.  Disappointed in you.
Not because he is good for AL? Not because he is good for the USA? Just because he was  good to you personally? Figures. #narcissist

Glad you were in my state!! Wish I could've been there. Obamacare failed me. Signed up in December and they cancelled me in January.
Blah blah blah
Doesn't matter if his policies are good it only matters that he was loyal and helpful to YOU! Not surprised
Mussolini wasn't treated kindly by history. Just sayin u sound a lot like him.
So rather than choosing based on policy, ideas, and morals, you're going for a "scratch my back" method? Way to drain that swamp!
Great to see you and always love listening to you!
No one should have loyalty to the man in the presidency. Only respect and dedication to the roll itself. Silly silly man.
your backing the wrong horse!  If you are playing establishment games you should have been President!
So Sad 4 this STRANGE CHARACTER; THE TRUMPSTER IS STALKING HIM 4.A WIN. TRUMPSTER HAS ALWAYS LOST. OK, WATCH  #MuellerInvestigation
Judge Roy Moore!!
Strange, look at all the other folk that were loyal all heading 2 jail
So, qualifications don't matter? Oh! YOU are NOT qualified for the Office you stole! So, no, they don't matter?
没脑子
Right... NOT because he's the best candidate! Because he sucked your tiny ! #FUCKINGLOSER
Hes another Paul Ryan... He will stab you in the back STRANGER DANGER NEO-CON
He's got my vote
How about ability?

Payback huh. You owe the guy?
Will you be admitting you are a total hypocrite
It’s Tuesday. How many fundraisers, travelling on the taxpayer dime, will Obama hold today?
That should be your last name.
Frustrated I want aware of this trip...  I definitely would've attended
You are just a very bad joke, Donny. Time for impeachment
Loyal and helpful to YOU!
Bad choice. He is supported by the Senate leadership (swamp) that will not support Obamacare repeal, the wall and tax reform.
I think Luther will make a good senator for Alabama. Thank you for your support mr. president.
Rather than supporting him for his policy!
Why not support him because he is a good person not a prejudice racist bigot
