Dude the @GOP literally controls both houses of Congress and the executive.
Blame yourself for what you can't achieve.
The American people early can marshal the energy and enthusiasm to #MAGA.

Just not in your vision. #ClimateMarchDC
Just cementing the presidents claim .
Trump's appointments:
Confirmed: 25
Pending: 40
Nobody nominated yet: 465
#dems=looser's
Once again you need to develop a sense of irony.
Hypocritical Democrats "slammed" FBI Director James Comey October 2016 - to reopen Hillary investigation!!
And how is that different from your dysfunctional personality? Just ask Pres @SteveKBannon. #clueless #dangerous #Impeach45
Who gave you that line?

That is evident in the budget they want. #Veto this budget. If a shutdown is what it takes then so be it!!!
You have something in common with them then, only they aren't trying to turn America into a dictatorship or make the USA their ATM.
You are so ignorant!
Pres. Trump please do not trust Paul ryan. A SNAKE...!!!!
You use suspicion as fact, drive narrative as truth, discredit free press and use nice news to push narrativedictator 101.
Oh yes just terrible they are interested in the environment and women's rights
How do you go from "have a great day!" to this?
This happens with every minority party ever. Turn on the news
And what about all those Republicans you offended who obstruct? Maybe you're the problem #trump. No, you never do anything wrong. Mr perfect
You have the majority in the House and the Senate. The Democrats can't abstract anything as long as you have your party together
POTUS I'm beginning to believe there are Republicans that are following suit! Making your life tougher than what it should be!
I agree
You truly are the great uniter aren't you! Thank you for bringing this country together! It really is all about YOU!
You still don't understand that your job is to rep ALL OF US!  Instead of dividing even further - LISTEN to all of us.
Just like the republicans for eight years under Obama.
Lol your so funny my poor boy your killing your career?????
Resign
Hey.. How long do you think it will take before China finds out you were talking mad crap about them last night?
You control all of Washington and can't pass anything. Loser.
Also - midget AND baby
Democratic strategist @PaulBegala: Trump is a "moral midget ... a deeply insecure person" and a "needy little baby" 
Remember the Tea Party? Suck it up Don!
Funny.. sounds like you're actually talking about the GOP
Mr president do something to make demercrets pay for your respect you did a great speech yesterday
And we know what you care about the trump brand

Remember that Hillary was under investigation for more than one thing, and you Dems didn't make one damn peep about it. Lowlifes.
The Democrats need to disband. They are the party of hopelessness, hate and idiocy.
The Democrats need to disband. They are the party of hopelessness, hate and idiocy.
The Democrats need to disband. They are the party of hopelessness, hate and idiocy.
The Democrats need to disband. They are the party of hopelessness, hate and idiocy.
The Democrats need to disband. They are the party of hopelessness, hate and idiocy.
The Democrats need to disband. They are the party of hopelessness, hate and idiocy.
9.55am PT. wonder what time my tweets will be removed.
The commie & Islam party of democrats seeks only to destroy America. #LoyaltyDay
The Republicans are doing a great job of that with their new health care plan. https://newrepublic.com/minutes/141298/projected-damage-trumpcare-even-worse-anticipated …
Many more oil spills with Trump easing safety rules for drilling. Republicans destroying environment http://www.alternet.org/environment/north-dakota-oil-spill-vastly-underestimated-trump-approves-kxl …
Betsy DeVos's student loan collection agencies can now charge high rates thanks to Trump.
For Trump #loyaltyday means loyalty to the donors who backed him & no one else. His executive orders prove it.
SPINELESS GOP PROVES MAJORITY Means Nothing …Senator Schumer Brags About Not Funding Border Wall http://100percentfedup.com/spineless-gop-proves-majority-means-nothing-senator-schumer-brags-about-not-funding-border-wall-budget-deal-reflects-democrats-principles/ …
.@realDonaldTrump only interested in themselves, you say?
History repeats. The nullification doctrine which was used by the slave states leading up to Civil war is now being used once again by Dems.
They did invent it and have always kept it in the toolbox. That's why we need #ConventionOfStates #Article5Convention

Liberal hypocrisy on display for all to see and rebuke
Yes, they don't use their history, facts, what is right in front of them or ever look within themselves they just blame others!
Since you are not a Veteran yourself & you want 2 talk down 2 us STFU bag
The American people are done putting up with the Democratic parties bullsh*t! We want them out of our government!!
Another fine Trump supporter hoping to live in a single party country. Could you spell fascist any clearer? #trump #dictatorship #politics
Lol I win again. You liberals are so predictable.
200,000 people March on Washington, maybe 7000 at Trump rally, speaks for itself.
64 million Americans that voted for Trump already did their March. They had to turn people away at Trump rallies because of seating
poor misguided souls, the so called president has no idea what he is doing,most Trumpers figured that out, you did not.
You are so mislead. Are  are walking away from the democratic party in droves and joined the Trump Train. Ex-Democrates for Trump is growing
No, that's the @GOP since way back
Congressional Republicans perfected Obstructionism during Obama. Where you been, man? Do what's best for US -- RESIGN. #russiagate #unfit
oh, that's rich. Dems the party of obstruction. Sounds like the repubs for the last 8 years.
There's a difference between opposing your views and being against the U.S.  Get a grip.
Just continuing the way you n republicans treated Obama for 8 years. You reap what you sow!!!
They want what's best for soros since he pays them.
Soros is working with Obama, plotting against Trump and the USA.  Obama actually has an office not far from the White House, a place he will never reside in again!
Saids the pot
Illegitimate liar
Yeah, all of your EOs were for us.  Love the destruction of worker rights and regulations. No overtime,  or Health Care, no problem.
never heard it said better
Yes, and if they keep obstructing what WeThePpl want, THEY will be shutting down the gov in the fall!
Unite, unite, unite!  Divided we fall!
You are making decisions of what is best for the country on your own but don't have any experience with living as a human being.
What? Where have you been for the past 8 yrs? Under a rock?
whereas America with you as a leader has gone down the drain
GOP controls both Senate and House and you still can't get anything done. #Nicetry #IllegitimatePresident
Are you really that ignorant?  What do you think Mitch McConell did for 8 years he said his only goal was to stop Obama. Poor Humpty Trumpty
Quit whining and name calling..it's embarrassing
They don't have the votes to obstruct anything
They learn from the best. Mitch lead the way. How would you feel if the Democrats obstructed a Supreme Court justice hearing for a year?
100% True !
Like you would have even half a clue!
Thats really Un-american, shameful
End there politics. They need top go.
Your ignorance is no longer astounding, it's just plain fact. #RepublicansForRich #dumptrump
Says the man who got elected by the minority... Ironic.
Blah, blah, blah. Were you awake when the Republicans obstructed everything?
Our entire government is run by greedy people who work for themselves, not the people. If all of you put us first, maybe you'd agree on it!!
No u r the obstructionist Mr. President. U r a embarrassment to us all. Ur just the biggest liar I've ever seen.
Oh, they've got a leader! Thing is, the GOP just need to recognize him, & oust his ASS!
There are many who see the goodness of your efforts President Trump...don't give up OK
Neither are you. Your only out for yourself. You will go down as the second most hated man behind Hitler
And cutting helps for kids to eat healthy is better for them or for you and junk food big corps???? Wtf??!!
Amen. Speaking the Truth @realDonaldTrump
This from the president of obstruction and obfuscation.
Well the Reps have been obstructing for 8 yrs and now cannot govern. Andrew Jackson, where are you when we need you? Oh, he died in 1845!
Ha! You're the single greatest threat to American security! Shame on you for bringing us to WWIII, trying to distract from #PutinsPuppet
Aren't this true
Is true Mr President
That's the pot calling the kettle black lol u lie cheat evade & only in this for u & rich friends
Neither are you or you would veto this budget bill. Sad to see that Ryan and the neocons are really running the government.
No. That's you.
So, you're saying they're republicans? I'm confused. But not half as much as you.
The Democrats will stop your madness. You will lose out in 2018, but in reality, our goal is still to have you impeached way before that.
Look in the mirror. YOU are not a leader. You are obstruction. YOU are only interested in yourself. You are not what's best for the US
We know and the Devils need to be stopped once and for all. Have someone to infiltrate their groups.
Rush Limbaugh's mouth and losing his damn support. Your Cronies will also lose their jobs to Dems and Independents waiting for their jobs.
sounds familiar...
Rt
Not real impressed with the Republicans at this point either. The are working for the Lobbyist/K Street not the people who elected them!
I am a democrat and I voted for you, don't be making generalizations... but it is true tat DC democratic politicians are vindictive
That's a generalization.
Ironic right?
Stop lying, #SCROTUS. STOP. LYING. TO. THE. STUPID. PEOPLE!
Like the republican did for 8 years under Obama?
It seems that we Republicans have no leadership in Congress either. Wimps afraid to shut down the government will lose in next election.
Very disappointed in new budget. Budget does not support Trump campaign promises. Republicans roll over and give up. Sad.
Trump=Extremist.
Well stop letting the House give them all they want.  Very sad
And you have an idea of exactly what is good for The United States Citizens? I'm listening!!!
YOU talk of obstruction!!? #MerrickGarland #GFY
Look in the mirror you just described yourself
I like the temporary stop gap budget agreement.  Donald, y0u got some of what you wanted. And they got a few points.
Omg. You are only looking out for you and your family, not us. You have it backwards Mr. Trump. Not worthy to be president of MY country.
No that is you that is only interested in you. BTW, did you read that scathing, and truthful editorial by The New Yorker?
You would do better as president if you didn't say divisive, spiteful, baseless things like this.
STOP CRATERING TO THE DEMOCRATS. WE DIDN'T VOTE FOR THIS!
Really ? How do we forget the 8 years of Obstruction you guys did. You and your party are so full of bullshit we can smell it coast 2 coast
No the party for the us people which you are not.  Leave
So far the official scorecard says you've FAILED at everything. Congrats on the epic loss.
LOL
Sounds like your describing yourself..party of obstruction,only interested in himself not whats best for US ya definatly describing yourself
I don't see anything on the Budget that the dems won! I voted for Trump, and am so disappointed. Nothing happened or budgeted on promises!!!
LOL : you are only interested in what's goid for your own business, old man
lol wishful thinking!
as apposed to the GOP who are only interested in the rich...I see the difference
You can't blame Democrats when  Republicans hold a majority in both houses.
The voters that put you in office Are being obstructed by the rhinos in the house and senate.
Dumbest president of all time
The democrats & The Republican TOO
funny they think the same thing about you along with the rest of the world
Is that why you and your scumbag family  are making money off the country in stead  of making money  for the country !
Shouldn't you be bringing our country together instead of dividing us?
So what you care about, beside your self?
Politicians are idiots.  It is the scientists who are corrupting the people.
As opposed to your interest in yourself, eh Donnie???  You really have America's. Interest at heart... only YOU DON'T HAVE ONE.
With his comments about Andrew Jackson & the Civil War Trump has cemented his position as the most ignorant president ever. Embarrassing
"..only interested in themselves"    LOOK IN THE MIRROR!!!
Trump are you saying this when your standing in front of a mirror because it sould like your bullshit
But wait they have millionaire #Waters & multi millionaire Pelosi, Warren & #Hillary on the outside telling them what to do.
STOP....you control the house and senate.  This is not on the DEMS
It appears Paul Ryan is leading the Dems to stall your agenda until you lose the faith of your vast voting base
That is so true another reason I switched and voted for you Mr. President.
Interesting statement, since that is your motto!  YOU are the party of destruction, interested only in self & your family #POTUSFORPROFIT

YES why and when will you please @FreeOurChildren Its out of control parents are losing their rights kids sold america torn apart! HELP US !
"We must say no to illegal immigration so we can continue to say yes to legal administration."
William J. Clinton
Very true, Mr. PRESIDENT, Obama was not a leader, and the Democrats know Hillary was the worst choice
Señor trumpeta usted nunca tendra la humildad q tenia fidel castro ruz ,jamas
I think that also describes many Republicans as well. That's my true opinion. We will be voting ALL people out if we don't get what we want.
Lololololololololol  oh, the irony.
You don't have a clue do you Mr. President?
Don't you have still have a whole bunch of appointments to make? We can talk about the Dems obstructing you when you start doing something.
Relax on the tweeting!  You're causing anxiety with your base!
The Rinos and Dimms are PAID by Soros. Ryan gets more $. than Schumer.They are all traitors out for themselves not for the people.
Americans are required by the constitution to block things that are not in their best interest. You being one of them. You are the default.
Your mama should've washed your  mouth more with soap. Liar
2018! Win over no policy dem obstructionists!
DANN SKIPPY!.... GO TRUMP
Go love yourself. You are screwing America while getting rich

Why thank you Trump. You made our job EASIER!
for all your talk about bringing us together, your BS is throwing us further & further apart....stop criticizing the DEMs & clean up GOP!
