Congrats @WattersWorld w/ @jessebwatters 
Topped Sunday Night prime time cable news with 1.6M viewers 
DYNOMITE!

…
Sorry your stuck on the 5 Jessie....your the only one on the panel anyone likes....
I like Gregg and Kimberly. Last night was a JOKE. Talk abt uncomfortable. Jesse is learning tho...
Kimberly definitely turned...not sure why and Greg is mostly good but has his moments....Jessie never disappoints
If they keep it up like last night I will tune out too! Thank GOD Hannity didn't sell out... 
Agreed....I'll still watch Waters World and Judge Jenine but sorry Jessie...the 5 is out now
I nearly FAINTED when she gave a read to Charles Krauthammer last night. Nearly fell off the couch! 
He was always a never Trumper anyway
Part of Jesse's success is due to Fox turning into CNN. Jesse, Tucker, and Hannity are the only 3 hours worth watching.
Also @FOX&FRIENDS in the AM
Does a spoon full of bs make the incredible go down?
Way to go @jessebwatters for standing up for truth! 

Get ur head out of your TOILET. And the gutter. She DOES have a deep sexy voice.
 "She persisted...WE resisted." 
Totally innocent I'm sure, tell that to the 3 female colleagues who got dick pics from him, a CLASS ACT!
Eat some pasture raised no hormones MEAT. Your brain DOESNT work well without it. You're NOT a deer! Smdh...
Oh I get it, I'm a vegetarian so a redneck perceives that as a negative, WOW must be a small world you live in 
They talk a lot about their systems,embarrassing to eat out with because of special requests and lengthy demands.Bore you all night w crap
They'd be better off not eating the GARBAGE processed foods and sugar! You kno ur stuff Lady! 
Juan has got to go!  He'll ruin your show!!
U HAVE A GREAT SHOW JESSE.  BUT DON'T FORGET WHAT GOT U HERE.
INTERVIEWING DUMB ASSED BEACH BUNNIES.   KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK.   #MAGA
You are a goof.
Do you represent all of the people or just the white supremacists.

We Love ya buddy keep it going! Just keep the collar down for now. LOL
Jesse, you're just the damned best!!!! O'Reilly did a great job in "schooling" you!
Jesse Watters, you have chosen the dark side...for what reason? To be retweeted by the man Nazis chant for just as they chant for Hitler?
You are so way off dude. You must be a millinial!
Jesse Watters is a malignant narcissist, racist, and remorseless liar. He's also a lousy excuse for a journalist.  #GFY Jessie, you traitor.
Jessie is not a journalist. Even @FoxNews would admit that. He is a lightweight who pales compared to the other 4 on the five.
JESSE, LOVE U, BUT NOT 4 DACA. U.S. KIDS KILLED WITH COLLEGE DEBT & U WANT DREAMERS 2 GET FREE PASS TO CITIZENSHIP. COLLEGE PAID 4 BY US?
My daughter is 10. She yells at the tv regarding waters world. Walks away  mumbling what a bunch of dip wads.
Jesse Watters sez: "Thanks for watching my bullsh!t show! Lots of dimwits out there!"
Great show. Among Hannity..Dobbs..Varney..and all on Fox AM. Plus Fox Bus. My go to when those dem guests come on.
you are laughable. Shouting over others does not prove a point. I tune in occasionally just to see how ridiculous you are.

Good work @jessebwatters Love your show One of the very few shows left on FOX worth watching
So Proud of you Jesse!! Well Deserved!! 
To bad you gave up your gig on the street, the 5 is not your thing
This guy says he is no racist that's why he can't see racism...Sorry but u are who you r..No Igga better live better than u...I know you
Wow, Juan won't even let you speak. Dana's head is down ! You keep getting the truth out Jesse!  BTW @POTUS did the right thing today.

You are welcome. :) Thanks for a great show.

Is this one of the actors you pulled from Craigslist?

The peaceful permitted protesters were attacked by outsiders. Trump was trying to stick up for the peaceful underdogs in all this fiasco.
Congratulations! 

You were great last night.. had @TheJuanWilliams in a meltdown! 

Looking forward to the next round!

#MAGA
He enjoys his white privilege to say what he wants to Juan Williams, he knows Trump is a racist,why can't he be like his idol Trump
Really stretching it aren't you Burgh? But you did get in white privilege, Trump and racist. Feel better now? Fueled your own hate for today
You have me confused with the bigotry spewing Trump,Clock is ticking for him,Hopefully Mueller shoves a hot poker up his pathetic ass.luv ya
ILLITERATE!
Do get too carried away. You do understand that far more then 1.6 million people watch reruns of Hawaii 50.
If it wasn't 4 You I wouldn't even watch The Five  Juan is so far left it's hard to watch an  I really wonder about Dana but I can take her
RT @jessebwatters: Thanks for watching!! https://twitter.com/fnc_ladies_rule/status/897485607760474112 …...
Congratulations Jesse on no longer molesting children!
Good times with Jimmie JJ Walker! 
Love your show man.
Formally recognize AntiFa as a terrorist organization http://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/forma …
Wow, that's some highly intellectual interviewing. You're pathetic and are the alternative facts network.
Haven't watch since they fire Bill
You rock!!! Keep giving Juan hell. Great show tonight!
Get rid of Juan Williams.   He is useless and annoying.
Amen to that!
Jesse Saturday night D announcer
 before your show 
called it waters world
just so you should know bro

You both are the worst
Jesse Watters Rocks - Congrats man, you are coming into your own, keep up the good work ! Bob K.
Lies and propaganda.
Jesse your doing a great job. Congrats to you .
way to go Jesse
