Regean is the sort of President Trump needs to look 2 for inspiration unfortunately he seems to be going down the more protectionist route.
Aye and was still a top dog
He understood the need for free market, ended the cold war and cut taxes.
I think most Western Countries have a hand in that Iran Contra now
classy.
"grab the pussy" isn't my term
oh I'm well aware.  I just don't see the point of beating a dead horse.
don't think matters of sexual assault is a "dead horse"
when did he sexually assault anyone?
even promoting the culture of sexual assault is never dead. Leaving it there but have a wonderful day
lol ok.  Enjoy your day.
Really?
Both rolling in their graves right now. #sad!
Ronald Reagan is probably rolling in his grave hearing you cozy up to Putin.
do the signatures on that pic make sense? Reagan Reagan?
I was wondering the same thing!  Either Ronnie was losing it long before we thought or it's a fake.
everyone in the photo are American heroes!
-When you were Democ or just money man?  Too bad that Reagan's qualities didn't rub off on you in this handshake! Too late?
Hey Look, they guy who limited Nukes with the guy who will blow the world up with them...
ماشاء الله عليك وحش
How embarrassed both Reagans would be to see that picture today, knowing how you turned out.
? maybe groups like Toby Mac, Hillsong, Michael W. Smith & Chris Tomlin-performers for Inauguration?
The Reagan kids don't like you invoking their father or mother's name.
here's another good friend from the trump archives.
@GeorgeHepb @Breznican  He is really such a "great" judge of character!
Here's me being made to look stupid by Ali G.

This is how you say "Booyakasha"

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b00lc92lExw …
@kincaid323 @stefshap @mumathepuma @Breznican made to look stupid...really ..


Obama did just that.
http://www.ebay.com/itm/112258998705?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1555.l2649 …
May your Presidency be similar!
very nice
this doesn't make you magically a conservative .
you're supposed to wait until TBT throw back Thursday for this sir!  Haha. Cool picture though!
nice
Wow Chubby! Before you wore make up and bleached your hair!
Looks like a forgery - signed "Nancy & Reagan Reagan" ???
shaking hands with a president doesn't make you qualified to be one.
I like this picture better.
he wouldn't Buddy up to Putin
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP Ahh! Not again!
ROTFL at you trying to vicariously add some gravitas to yourself. Think Bentsen to Quayle, trumpet.
libs are like a baby tantrum about Trump, just get it out of your system, you'll feel better soon 20 Jan
they probably wouldn't appreciate you calling them old!  Ur an embarrassment.
LOVE IT & LOVE YOU!!! #MAGA
You are not Ronald Reagan, that is for sure! #resist #Indivisible
He is rolling in his grave right now.  Jared?  How will you do that?   Nepotism!
I believe this is a forged signature perpetrated by John Miller, the famed publicist
youre right,not business as usual
#littlehands show us your taxes, medical records, nepotism rules,ethics #hailcaesar
Sure. Reagan, the worst President in US history produced more billionaire CRIMINALS than any other President.
You are a skid mark on his legacy. Reagan protected us from the KGB, didn't employ them to win & undermine US norms.
@ASavageNation   FUCK THE LIBFUCKTARDS IN DISGUISE ACCOUNT AKA VETS AGAINST TRUMP!
Reagan is rolling over in his grave knowing ur going to be president. U do know his feelings about Russia, right?
.@realDonaldTrump Found the original!
#NotMyPresident
Well, that's a fantastic picture. He was a good man.
great picture I am very excited and looking forward to your big day (:)
did you grab Nancy by the pussy??
WATCH OUT NANCY! Donnie is a grabber!
Zzzzzzzz....
Oh come on! That was a goodie!
The Reagans would be horrified by Trump and his shit show.
Lincoln would be too

pretty soon the trumplerettes cant say they are sore over the loss. honeymoon ova.
I'll bet within 6 months after inauguration if he isn't impeached.
What do Ronald's kids think of you now sir?

I don't get how you trumpets can't have a conversation with out calling people trolls
I'm all for a civil discussion but the trolls comment negatively on EVERYTHING. THEY JUST WANT TO RANT.
then explain to me why you guys think everything that man does is great?  He is a bigot doesn't like women.
We don't think everything he does is great, but trolls think everything he does is vial. How is that possibl
I have issues with treason and making fun of disabled people and him lying 96% of the time and the tweets
When your baseline is fiction based than no one will get thru to you.
Nancy over there like "Who the f*ck are you again?"
its actually true... reagan had no idea who he was
LMAO! Doesn't surprise me. Just more lies from #DonTheCon
Inlighten me, what part of the statement "An old picture with Nancy and Ronald Reagan." Is a lie?
"inlighten" ? do you want us to set you on fire?
lol, be nice, we all have unpresidented accidents haha.
How do so many of Trumpies claim 2 be smart but tweet 3rd grade level shit?
Because it's all about feelings to them. Facts and logic don't matter.
.@realDonaldTrump I have one of those, too. Reagan told me that day he thinks you're overrated.
LOL, that ain't you
you are no Ronald Reagan - you are just like school in the summertime - no class. #Bully #Scumbag
he wasn't mocking that guy. It's another msm lie. Give the guy a chance, obama was given 8 yrs of chances.
save the lies for yourself
you call yourself a Christian yet you support a beast of a man that lives everything that #Jesus preached against.
you are a fucking fool. Shame on you.
if ur going 2insult me hav the guts 2leave the insults up. I hav never insulted u. U r quite a kybord warrior as r mst libs
Not true. Libs  to debate. Trumps cult cant debate bc they live in alt reality wo facts only believe Trump tweets
Congratulations for being a Great president of US.but think about the Indian youths future those who looking towards you .
Indian? He thinks they live on reservations and have unfair gaming advantages.
Mothercucker, you’re no Reagan. And he wasn’t anything great.
He would ashamed of you if he was alive.
He would have endorsed Trump!  Dont be jealous
Ummmm...no.
That doesnt make it untrue.  You dont think Reagan would like Trumped up trickle down?  His own policy!
I don't think Reagan would have liked the bullying, narcissism, lack of decorum, and unfitness.
I can see it now, Ronald Reagan supporting Hillary.
Many TRUE conservatives did vote for Hillary!
He was too embarrassed to sign his real name!
Two great men meet!
One great man and a traitor.
Yeah poor Nancy has to live with that lie.
Nope. She’s dead.
@EntheosShines I love this photo! Little did we know back then you would be our @POTUS Thankful!!! 
Reagan is rolling in his grave.
President Reagan is proud of you and watching from heaven. God Bless You & Thank you for all your doing I know its not easy
Get real. No one knew Ron like his daughter. Read her thoughts on it.
Ken the reality check is on you ....
, I'm tired of giving dishonest media types good leads that give them clicks/$$$. @transition2017 has my resume. Hire me.
@DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @IvankaTrump HIRE HER she uncovered #StoneTear 
Thank you BoV! :) <3
#StoneTear was BOMBSHELL it was buried!
Katica making me have flashbacks  it’s still true!! You’re my #TwitHero
Even then you had shitty hair
Really, REALLY old. Resign.
Vomit. Pure vomit. If they had any idea what extents you’d go to—-Reagan would have shot you himself.
The signature on this photograph says from Nancy and Reagan Reagan!
Ronald was beginning to suffer with memory issues. Not really funny.
any idea why it is signed Reagan Reagan? #RonaldReagan
@lgmaterna excellent pic handsome couple super cool just like you President Trump MAGA 

history beckoned on you to lead
Dude. He called your country a shithole. Are you serious?!?
Nancy not as good an actress as Reagan. She looks like she knows *exactly* what kind of pussy grabbing pissant you are.
#OldNews
Oh look, you can see your hair plug growth growing funny over the bald spot in the back of your head! How embarrassing. LOL
Regan must be rolling in his grave with your bromance with Putin
Piled up garbage all together.  Nice picture pee-pee man.
One criminal shaking the hands of another criminal.
Reagan Would roll over in his grave if he heard how you revere Russia.
Oh look! Two people who were once liberals!
vous saluer celui qui a massacré les infrastructures en Amérique, alors que vous voulez les reconstruire,au nom de la libre
entreprises!!
i hope you washed your pissy hands first.
#ShutTheFuckUpDonny
The #PEEOTUS @realDonaldTrump has very low standards, unless he's comparing themselves as #fakenews celebrity presidents. #TheResistance
.@realDonaldTrump Nancy looks like she's throwing up in her mouth.
this picture does not make you presidential
we have another Champion now - spirits are high!
We love it. It's priceless. Take good care of it. #MAGA.
Nancy's looking at you cuz she knows....oh she knows!
he wouldn't be shaking your hand if he knew what you think of Russia
Sorry Don, this won't help your rep.
Ronald & Nancy looking at Trump as if to say, who are you? lol
I think I left my condoms at your mum's house last night.
Did Nancy piss on you after this?
Reagan didn't like u because you put a full page ad in the paper
classic from one trailblazer to another !
c la photo la plus moche que g jamais vu de ma vie
what did Nancy say about you? Whom did she vote for?
Reagan is rolling in his grave
when are you coming to #BicesterVillage Mr President We would love you to visit and stay with us
key word OLD
An old picture of Bill and Hillary.. erm... what ever their name is
You remember Reagan saying He felt like he was the one clasping the hand of the POTUS Reagan was good at seeing the future
Can I borrow your face for Halloween?
Nancy's face
guess what i dont fucking care
Pony
Reagan said you would be president someday
who would have thought back then :-)
Maybe you could learn something from how this man carried himself, whatever your politics.
You're so fake that Barbie is more real than you.
Nancy doesn't seem one bit impressed!
You are the greatest accident mother nature has ever encountered
Reagan would have regretted this picture.
were they into golden showers too @realDonaldTrump #goldenshowers #PEEOTUS
That was so nice. They were really great people!
where is signature?
What about this one #trumppressconfrence
What you didn't see was Reagan scrubbing his hands straight afterwards. With steel wool.
is that a photo of two of those celebrities who should stay out of politics?
Hey, you have something on your chin... third one down...
Remember when you hated Reagan? http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2015/10/donald-trump-ronald-reagan-213288 …
You are a fool and a liar.
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/03/new-nokia-3310-is-useless-in-many.html …
.@realDonaldTrump My dad knew Reagan for 15 years-different politics but he'd tell u Reagan would have cringed at ur presidency!!
:I loved President Reagan, he was a good man and President, Nancy was a wonderful lady.
The story is written with little facts that usually go unnoticed.
Hanging out with Hollywood elites I see Donald. Ronald Reagan Overrated!
Ronnie would be disgusted by your ties to Russia.
Cool, 2 presidents who had no business being in the office or position
I hope Mr. Reagan had some Lysol around after shaking your hand!
#REAGAN THE #REALACTOR AND #TRUMP THE #REALPRESIDENTALPRESIDENT !
all this yellow ...
Have you just been telling an 'over-rated actor to keep out of politics' right then?
#RonaldReagan #MerylStreep
Thank God they are not hear to see this fiasco!
Look how thin your hair was on top back then. Clearly proves that your hair now is either a transplant or a weave. FAKE!
sick, a picture with 2 of the worst presidents ever
I'm not a trump supporter, but how can you make that statement when Trump hasn't even been in office yet?
because of what he's already done?
.@realDonaldTrump She doesn't seem like she liked you back then either.
.@realDonaldTrump All those #Goldenshowers have lightened your hair a lot since then.
Do you think this is a good thing? #Reagans ONLY redeeming feature was the economic war against the Soviet Union.
You're so ugly, God wrote a sorry letter to your parents.
Your ears are so big when you stand on a mountain they look like trophy handles
Nancy is looking at you funny, not with admiration. She figured you out
Your asinine simian countenance alludes that your fetid stench has annulled the anthropoid ape species diversity.
Ronald Reagan is rolling in his grave right now.
Two good men!!
The picture that transfers understanding and knowledge in a single hand shake. A picture can be a thousand words.
what's that shit in Ron's hand?
God knows your heart!  It's never too late!
They were the beginning of the end of America. Reverence? True colours
photoshopped!
weren't you a Democrat by that time?
Reagan, also more of a tv guy than a president. You two do have a couple things in common!
ONCE I LOVED USA, NOW I THINK I'M GOOD NOT LOVING IT
Nancy has less Turkey wattle than Trump #doublechin
One of these things is not like the other.
when u used to have air, even then you were not a 10 as a men. 
Mr. President Elect, play hardball with the Russians and Putin. Keep sanctions in place, remember Ronald Reagan's play. 
who is Reagan Reagan ?
GREAT!
what are you a five year old at show and tell?
now you have them turning in their graves....sad
before you turned orange?
who cares. It's all about you grabber
Were you thinking about grabbing her by the p*ssy?
Look, you aint funny. Your life is just a joke.
How much does your daughter cost?
here some more Regan Era pics http://static.snopes.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/ronald-reagan-taliban.jpg …
Your ears are so big when you stand on a mountain they look like trophy handles
you are no Ronald Reagan
...... was always in great company!....he knew what he wanted to be....when he grew up!
Was this before or after your full page ad dissing Reagan?
That’ cool.
Nancy doesn't look to happy to meet you.
no one cares, you were ridiculous then and you still are.  You will never be accepted.  Can't buy respect, sad
Is that really Nancy Reagan's signature? Did she write it with her feet?
WOW no chin?? What happened to you. To much easy living and debachry.
wait is that @TomCruise in the bg with his #TopGun uniform on smh
You say I look bad yet whenever I look at you, you give me pharyngitis.
@scottieimp Well they have always been old #CaptainObvious
Nancy to Ron,"Ronnie, who is that obnoxious, obsequious bootlicker??  How did he get in here??"
When did you change your mind about Meryl?
He is rolling in his grave right now. #Putinspuppet
here's a pic of you with a real president lol
this is how u know drugs are coming back to US in Full Force smh
You slept with Nancy, and Ronny's monkey Bonzo, now your going to Washington!
#livinthedream
Strangely, it is signed "Reagan Reagan"
@FrattStarrr 
