
Awesome. Anything for our Vets. They deserve everyone's respect! My father served 24 years. Both boys sereved and one still serving
Go trump go
guess u want credit for National Vietnam War Veterans Day,why not shake McCains' hand
We have a beautiful Vietnam Memorial in Orangeburg South Carolina
Today we honored our true American heroes on the first-ever National Vietnam War Veterans Day. #ThankAVeteran… https://t...
WHY DID U HONOR VIETNAM VETS! THATS THE WAR U REFUSED TO GO TO BECAUSE U HAD A HEEL SPUR. BUT U WERE GLAD TO SEND THE OTHERS. RICH DADDY.
Proud of the soldier's Hate the war !
While you sat at home deferred !
Happy happy
Thank you Sir for caring for our veterans! !
My only sadness was that I was ignorant of the need to protect my brothers and sisters coming home. I will NEVER forget you. Never Again.
Thank you, while I didn’t serve I will always stand and salute my brothers sacrifice for USA. For they never deserved to be disrespected.
Have no idea how much that makes feel, appreciate President Trump
It's about time Vietnam Veterans  will FINALLY  have the recgognition they deserve .
Aw seriously DJ - now why do you have to mention all those brave patriotic people who were at war whilst you were dodging?
Thank you to those who served as true and strong as ever
May the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, so that by the power of the Holy Spirit you may abound in hope.
@POTUS you are an embarrassment Trump!
Thank you President Trump,Godbless you
So much douchebaggery from libs due to a simple post honoring my brothers. Stop breathing my air please.
You sicken me
Insulting McCain shot down in A-4/captured the month I was born insults
my dad shot down in his A-4 & *KIA* 6 months before
You wouldn't know sacrifice if it bit you in the butt! My dad, helicopter door gunner, 191st AHC IS A REAL HERO!!! Fix the VA!
Best President Ever !!   Thank you so much for all your outstanding work !!   :)
тот день когда вам ебало порвали ))))
last night on hard talk they show something diff confused !!!
As a Marine Corps Vietnam disabled veteran, don't send this stuff just to get PROPS
We Feel For You Vets
You want to honor our heroes ? Really ? Then repeal and replace the V A
I have a cousin - Garth Wayne Keck - on that wall, a gung ho Marine (a wet-behind-the-ears kid) who lost his life stepping on a land mine.
America is back thanks to you President Trump. I am so proud of you sir. I supported you all the way and will in 2020 god bless you
There are many pro North Korean and leftist who impeached our president in South Korea. We want strengthen alliance US-South Korea!
Thank you, my husband has 2 bronze stars for service to his country in Vietnam & is my hero!
My husband and brother both served in the military during the Vietnam War.
Thank you for service. God bless you
Thank you! I will pass your message on to my husband. Unfortunately, my brother passed away due to service related illnesses.
My sympathy for your loss Judith. May your brother rest in His heavenly peace. Thank you for telling your husband. We will never forget you.
Thanks, Carly.
Two days ago we sent 50M of bombs to Syria. You said "generals have been reduced to rubble" but now forced them warn the enemy in advance ?
Awesome! Thank you for your service!
还不是输了，辣鸡
Looking good Mr. President
we do not need another Vietnam what's happening over there is there   problem stay out of it you need to be our president.
Please step up mental health care for our Vets instead of reducing on ACA
US kill civilians n Mosul,support ISIS' chemical weapons production in Syria.If US start military operatn in Syria,V'nam will seem lk picnic
Thank you.  This was too long in coming:)
You will regret spitting on us when war comes!
Ur @CNN interview by @donlemon was outstanding.. u made Donny look so childish.. he wasn't judging @POTUS he needs 2 review tape! #Veterans
Says the draft dodger..that means a lot
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
Not those fake heroes like John McCain...and those that never fought or went in the service of our country...YOU!!!!
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
it makes me sick seeing a draft dodger honor our Troops!
You are a joke!!!
What are the numbers of the pre 9/11 Spouses/Caregivers that lost the War they faced at Home?
Awesome.Excellent idea President Trump , you're doing an Amazing job! So proud of our new POTUS!!!
, thank you sir, for honoring us veterans, it finally feels good to know we are honored...
So Obama didn't serve at all and it's quite evident what he thought about the military. Didn't have the decency to salute marines.
The war you cowardly avoided.
Thanks POTUS. Is there anything to Kushner and MSNBC?
#rememberthefallen
Please help us in South Africa, Zuma must fall
wonder which one sacrificed their life personally when you dodged
a service u skipped out on bcause u had a booboo and daddy got you out of it. you were a coward then and still are sir
Graduate of the University of Vietnam! Class of 1970!! Damn Proud, Sir!!!
Thank you, Mr President!!
Thank you,
Fantastic!
TRUE American heroes. Exactly.
Your a disgrace to this state.
Get your tongue off Trumps boot and do what's good for Michigan!
Do you give a shit about the Great Lakes?!
You're in no position to do this, Mr. President. You know what, I'm not even gonna go there.
Thank you sir. Unlike the previous occupant, you are unashamedly pro-USA!  No global apologies here!
Thank you President Trump!
Thank you for honoring our Viet Nam Veterans. I had two brothers there at the same time.
Which day will we also get to honor your draft-dodging?
You honored these brave men with your deferrals
from a returning Vietnam vet I want to thank you for officially recognizing us
what for?
WW2 Vets are the ones that really saved our butts...They need a special days more than VN Vets.....I'll celebrate WW2 Vets as well.
Thank you for honoring our Vietnam Veterans with a special day just for them.  Still watching and waiting for some news about VA changes.
miss my brother everyday someday hope be able to see,Vietnam wall.Spec4 William Doug DOC Wyant age 20 .
I have nothing to say!
Thank you
That's AWESOME!!!!
Like you didn't serve...Coward
Half a million Vets are recipients of Meals on Wheels.  You cut some of their funding, not cool with the Vets.
why have you or none of your sons served. As a vet you make me embaressed for our country. I would never take a bullet for you
The same people you are trying to take insurance from. Fake again
Too bad you couldn't make it to the War where these heroes sacrificed so much.  Bone spurs?
@PressSec I'm a vet. Honor me by instructing Senate to confirm former Pres Obama's SCOTUS nominee.
Established in 2012 by Barack Obama 
#TrumpRidingBaracksCoatail  #ImpeachTrumpSaveAmerica #TrumpNeverServedGeHid #TrumpHasNoMorals
where were you during Nam?
Says the pathetic weenie who dodged the draft five times because his feet hurt, but still managed to play college sports.
The closest you've ever been to an actual military uniform.
stupid war , dont annoyed China anymore .
You belittled John McCain, a Vietnam hero, and later belittled a gold star family (the Khans). Shame on you. You have no credibility.
That's not a day
Honor those who sacrificed their lives for us
hahaha this war won t fight，but American is “world police”。 u are fear communist
And you served in which service?
Trump has achieved NOTHING in 100 days. Only one other US president achieved less than the 45 Presidents so far. William Henry Harrison
#welcomeHome - thanks President Trump for honoring those who were often so dishonored.  To all you Vietnam vets WelcomeHome
We need help . I have groups I admin online and we've done great things individually but we are hurting and dying
Thank you for your support of Vets. Ian a life time member of the DAV and the VFW. I served for 10 1/2 yrs before being retired  I miss Army
Yesterday we had a service for my dad. Vietnam vet. Honor guard gave a 21 gun salute and presented a flag to my mom from you, our president!
AMEN a recognition they never received. Thank you for remembering them.
Would that be the draft you dodged?  Or 4F? Or Da-Da buy your freedom?
Active service personnel and veterans support POTUS. We're behind stopping the Globalist sell-out of America
Former US Navy SEAL Craig "Sawman" Sawyer:Active Duty and Veterans Stand Support Trump Against Leftists and NeoCons

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jRApWhP1Omw …
thank u sir! Iop56
As a decorated Vietnam veteran who got spit on when I came back from the war thanks. How are your bone spurs you draft dodging coward?
That's wonderful but what are you doing for Veterans? Nothing but rhetoric so far. HR 3499 a republican bill? Quit conning and do something
@POTUS HOW WOULD HE KNOW ?I FOR GOT HE WAS A GOOD AND BRAVE IN THE PUSSY WARS
DRAFT DODGER
@POTUS SPOKEN LIKE A TRUE LEADER !
Does that mean you honored John McCain?
Thank you President Trump!!!
You would be the one to honor any soldier given you were a draft dodger..5 times
Not just a draft dodger, a stupid draft dodger! Sorry, #TinyDonny, that you can't see how ridiculous this particular tweet makes you look.
your a draft dodger
getting our taxes down & jobs, & getting the Justice seat filled. We are behind you 100%.  So just hang in there.
. President Trump do not get caught up with these hearings. Stay with your own original promises with
how come U ran from Nam.  your a coward and a traitor and a liar
We will not forget your horrible comments about Sen. McCain.
5 time draftdodger hoped u thankd each family personally for 1 of the 1s went thankfully came home were injured or died  went in your place.
Thank you, President Trump!
Except for the Vietnam POWs. Failing, #fakePresident doesn't like them because he says real heroes don't get captured. #traitor #impeach
@Trump270 God Bless them all.
Veterans should know that Americans do NOT perceive veterans suffering from PTSD as "mentally ill". GOD, no! "Heroes," just heros.
my brother died march 17,1970 thank you.
I'm not a veteran but they deserve our respect and to be taken care of like they have taken care of our country. GOD BLESS THE VETERANS!!!!
GOD Bless all of our troops!! We should treat our Veterans like royalty. Free health care, cash benefits, housing. They deserve the best!!
WTF do YOU-5x draft dodger- know about Vietnam war veterans?
I don't blame you for trying to stay out of Vietnam. How about you try and keep us out of any wars while you're in command. Troopshadenough
I'll be waiting for you to do something stupid like to mess up what good thoughts I may be having of you. Try and make it be awhile.
outstanding
I wanna support you but you make it hard sometimes.  Good tweet this time though.
I give you props on this tweet Mr. President. If you tweeted more stuff like this you'd gain more respect from us Democrats.
ITS GOING TO GET BETTER FOR AMERICA - top down great ldrs will work !!!  GO TRUMP 
And you are not one of them...why not start talking about your getting out of serving your country?
U were not so kind with @SenJohnMcCain, when u called him an impostor, right?
is it trueyou dodged the draft because your hands are too small to hold a gun?
