Said the sitting president under FBI investigation. If you resign now, we won't send you to prison.
LOL! :D  But, don't look behind that curtain, Wiz. You'll see conservative Repubs standing right with them against you :)
an evil wicked witch in the wizard of oz evil as hillary could never win against good through evil
Hm, a witch or a fake, lying wizard? NEITHER
read a page in luke,it will tell you good fruit does not come from an evil tree and evil fruit does not come from a bad tree
Exactly! :)
FBI, CIA, NSA, every other intelligence agency on Earth has proof that this tweet is untrue. What r u trying to hide!
Aw.  Another nightmare, Donnie?
There's an ongoing coup de 'etat against you. Democrats & some Republicans couldn't "beat" you so they'll "cheat" you.
You wouldn't be talking about THESE Republicans now would ya? They were rejected by Americans!
lol
I agree 100% & I didn't even vote 4 you. I voted Bernie then Jill Stein. HRC cheated in primary (proven) & was humiliated for losing the GE
Looks like somebody's shitting about what Comey's gonna say today.
The Russian story broke before election night so that story won't work. Maybe you should go with fake news.
You know less about EC than you do about NATO.
shouldn't you be running a country instead of acting like a spoilt toddler?
YOU ARE A FAKE PRESIDENT CONTROLLED BY PUTIN. FRAUD! HACK! CHARLATAN!! #trump #deluded
there also is no evidence the Democrats wiretapped your home. Is that fake news too?
It lead us all here, confident economy, strong sense of National Pride, feeling great AGAIN! Hope they keep hurting thmsvs
Listening to you babble on is like having a ranting fifth grader at the dinner table.  There are more important things.
hey Russia RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA
- How was the golfing yesterday?  How's that "defeating ISIS in 30 days plan going? How the Mexico funded wall going?
Of course they had to push it..gotta push something right? Couldn't push Hillary off a cliff..so yaa Russia!
wait
release your taxes. All of them and we will believe you. If not, investigate RUSSIA!
terrible campaign that got more votes than you
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA PLS CRY MOAR
No, it came from the nonpartisan Intelligence Community.
no such thing.
Winning popular vote but losing the electoral college doesn’t sound like much of a big advantage.
YES! They LOST, LOST, LOST! And they are LIARS, LIARS, LIARS! Unlike us! We always speak the truth about WIRETAPPS!
WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO SAY WHEN YOU ARE PROVEN TO BE WRONG..I CANT WAIT ..#LIBERALASSHOLE
Trump! You're a lying con-man, a fraud, a traitor, a hypocrite and the worst president ever. @realDonaldTrump @CNN @MSNBC
nice try Donnie!  No distraction this time dude. Your lies r following you like the plague. This is all about you & Russia!
Absolutely yes..
ah, so there's something to Comey's testimony today. Thanks for the heads up!


such a natural looking tan
No connection with Russia?  Then release your tax returns and prove it!!
SAD, just SAD
you are a liar plain & simple! Sad!
Deuteronomy 28:7
“The Lord will cause your enemies who rise against you to be defeated before your face; they shall [1/2]
come out against you one way and flee before you seven ways. [2/2]
If you are going to quote scripture, what verse says adultery is alright?
"Made up"? Like you made up the wiretapping? You are priceless, Easy D. There's plenty of reason to investigate you.
And you keep going on about the election and poorly deflecting from your corruption within the WH - now that's SAD!
Genuinely waiting for you to do another hilarious tweet about Hillary's emails. You are a doddering, crumbling liability.
UR collision with Russians has now back fired on U. What else did U expect. R U that naive to think U would get away
so very true
You know what's weird, @realDonaldTrump? You criticize our allies, our intel agencies & our citizens. But not Putin. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/843776582825267201 …
Still distracting from the ties that bind you?
I am going to be so tired of four years of this.
drop following him then! ! Dumb butt!!
It's my job to know what's going on. Yours too as a citizen.
Your team colluded with Russia. You know, Putin knows it, everyone knows it.
I'm wondering why POTUS is really afraid of this investigations? Is he hiding something? #TrumpRussia
umm pretty sure if he was scared, he wouldn't be tweeting.
Srsly?? I shouldn't be surprised that Trump supporters have 0 understanding of human nature. That's why you don't realize he's a monster.
if you voted for Hillary then you know a real monster.
just sayn if not for programs there to help it would be like genacide.
@POTUS James Commie testimony BIG BIG mistake you know hes in Clintobamas pocket. Should have fired him and new dir testify
Shaddap.
Oh...time will tell, Donny.  I feel prison is in your future.
WE THE PEOPLE stand with our PRESIDENT unlike stupid liberals! Are the Russian claims true?? Vote below and retweet! #MAGA
No doubt cause Your the man to beat; I think not!  I'm behind U 150%!
I've got a copy of "The Art Of The Deal" & I learn so much from it; every-time I pick it up!  Thanks!!!
I totally mean every word I said!
Ho (fucking) Hum @realDonaldTrump : #RussiaHearings #NeilGorsuch #Trumpcare #COMEY #TrumpTaxReturn #WireTapGate #MealsonWheels #trumpbudget
.@realDonaldTrump @oppstn You made up and pushed a fake Birh Certificate story about Obama.
.@realDonaldTrump So Flynn and Sessions lying to Americans about Russian talks has nothing to do with it right?
What about the popular vo...oh sorry! You lost that bigly!
Hey how IS that #yuge voter fraud investigation going? We are waiting for those results with baited breath.
I'm still waiting for the presser on Melania's immigration status
or the super plan in first 30 days to defeat ISIS
or the investigation into the three to five million illegal voters
Or pretty much any claim made with the cited source being "many people are saying"...
anything in air quotes basically
do u feel it donald ... the walls closing in on u ... dumb dum dum dumb @realDonaldTrump #itsOVER #criminal #treason
It only took 3 months into Nixons Presidency, to begin the investigations that led to his IMPEACHMENT.
You won the GE & even though my first choice was @BernieSanders I'm so glad that lying treasonous bitch Hillary Clinton lost!  
What's the Russia story?
What's the difference between Russian election interference and GA 6 being interfered with by soros and outside groups ?????
This tweet has aged particularly well.
The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. Big advantage in Electo...
Russia could soon control a U.S. oil company http://cnnmon.ie/2oZfrgi  via @CNNMoney
GROW UP!!! MR. PRESIDENT!
Didn't something change in this story?

You don’t sound like an innocent man
You lost by 3 million votes. No evidence of fraud, so we don't believe your "I really had more crap.) & 30 yrs of Vast Right Wing Conspiracy
but you just said:The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy. https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/266038556504494082?lang=en … EC has a lot of putin steel dividends to tax

Anyone who claimed they knew Russia was costing Hillary Clinton the election prior to the election is a liar.

#MAGA 
Well we certainly know where there are lots of 'em & their mouthpieces.
Dems did not run a terrible campaign.  You are the misguided liar that doesn't honor his commitments.
they're socialists that do not love our country otherwise they would try to fix our country not tear it down
They have no idea how to fix anything
So many more people voted for Hillary than you. Millions more. Just think on that. You are a joke. You are inept. You are a crook and a grifter, and you aren't even very good at that. May your demise be visible and humiliating. #gofuckyourself
i remember the year and a half when you lied saying there was nothing happening lol good times
The Russians one by putting you in office
the FBI is investigating Russiai interference by wickylick and hacking Document of the demo which facilitates you to win.
Keep telling yourself that.  I look forward to the day, not far from now when you're exposed for the lying traitor you are.
Dear Prés Trump simply filibuster Gorsuch in, Simple! 
You cannot handle the truth so you divert attention away from incriminating facts. Maybe you should go hide, or play golf.
Okay liar
at least he loves our country he did not have to run for office because he was a wealthy man. Quit hatin
bullshit
@chestnut_daniel A lot of ignorant people were duped by you. Then there are the ones that are just plain stupid.
fool
It's the Liar-in-Chief lying again.  Did you read the WSJ editorial today?  Sadd.
Comrade Trump!!  We all know you collaborated with Putin.  The whole world knows you cheated.
Lost popular vote, remember?
Made it up or connected the dots? Trust me, you aren't as slick and clever as you think you are.
The Russian story is true and you got caught making another stinky. What a horrible President you are
only a loser can be defeated by 3 MILLION votes say he won bigly.
Right! Your Twitter feeds carry SO much more weight than an ongoing FBI investigation. Keep tweeting, sir, so credible!
the Democrats at least never accused Mexicans or tried to build a walk between Mexico and The USA or ban Muslims
Yea..maybe so...but won popular vote by over 3 million votes & you ratings currently are quite PATHETIC & SAD
whoops....I meant lost popular vote by over 3 million votes
Democrats'LIEDaboutRussiaToDistractPublicFromDEMs'ElectionFraud againstBernie.Please ProsecuteDem.ElectionFraudCriminals!
U r so funny
And, we care why? Please get out of your pajamas and go to work.
@POTUS You are such a sore winner. SAD. PATHETIC. Stop your non-stop tweeting & actually try to govern #trumpfraud #MAGA
@FoxNews  democrats should focus protecting US not destroying so we won't have the same problem like U.K.
your lies are going to get you locked up. Sad!
Because no one has ever taught you how to "keep your mouth shut". Something they don't teach you in college.
from #americagreat to #americaallone.  omg
yet won the people.  Take your electoral votes and shut up.  Nobody even cares anymore.  Waiting for your impeachment
you ar writing like a 4 years old liar..  you are behaving like a 6 years old spoiled brat..
#PreachIt !!
I've been a huge supporter!! Don't disappoint with RyanCare!!! Repeal/Replace with actual good policy not with Rinos!!!!
I thought this was an old tweet??? As of yesterday, insert "FBI" for "Dems".
is a #traitor #PathalogicalLiar and belongs in jail
where there's smoke there's fire.
The "big advantage in Electoral College" is the only reason you won. So yes I'd say you are a huge fan of it!
Yeah thats why they did it.
You're a typical narcissist who blames everyone else for your wrongdoings.  It's old, very old.
It was an excuse for their unspeakable crimes which came out in Wikileaks dumps
Nice try, tiny hands
Wrong, Trump. You and your two daddies (Vlad and Bannon) should eat turds.
you're an udiot
We know now this statement is absolute BS.  #LiarInChief
YOU ARE GOING DOWN!!! BIGLY SAD!!!!
You should be in PRISON for what you did with RUSSIA. #LOCKHIMUP #ImpeachTrump #Impeach45
No dummy, your connection to Russia came out and was being investigated BEFORE the election!  This is not fake.
so full of bull.
Only 4 presidents lost their home state: You, Polk, Wilson, Nixon.  Your % loss was largest.  NYers hate you. #resign
.@realDonaldTrump You are kicking and screaming about the past to avoid talking about the present. 1st president to be charged with TREASON.
Don't you have more important things to do with your time than pout and whine on twitter?  Do your job
Thsts fucking hilarious. You are under investigation by the FBI. Crooked Trump. Traitor Trump.
FAKE NEWS, man.
Running Scare? you are an embarrassment to us Americans but I guess not to your 37%  UNINFORMED, naive, Supporters.
Hilary won the popular vote so that means people like her more
people wonder why they voted for you, they wish  haven't
So WTF is ur f***king problem Mr.President? U ought  2 be lucky tat  ur still president.
how could you possibly say the democrats have an advantage in the electoral college?You lost the popular vote but still won
are you still concentrating on the electoral college? Seriously try learning to be President.
And tomorroy Lago a Mar?
The only made up story is the one you fabricated, Goober.
Total embarrassment to this country. #ImpeachTrump
Right again!
we all know Russia had interference in the election
You are a liar, a fraud and a terrible president.
Your a soviet puppet draft dodger
Make America great again...RESIGN!
you are destroying our environment and are costing us a fortune every weekend. Where are your taxes. I cant sleep at night
Nope, it was your Administration.  Remember Flynn, Sessions, Kushner, and many others?  The Campaign was RIGGED!
.@realDonaldTrump You're making an awfully big deal out of 34 lousy #electoral votes. #BarackObama had WAY more than you both times.
Obama is not president anymore we had to have another one for the law sorry it wasn't who you wanted
desperate move by democratic party..
WRONG! A criminal investigation into possible links between Russia & the Trump campaign was indeed active & ongoing.
Bullshit!!!!!
no it's to get u out. They r so deep in Sht/ don't want to loose their grafts money way of life. Theyr scum filth/ radical
PROPAGANDA. ANOTHER DIVERSION. MORE LIES.
Propaganda
but the FBI has been investigating you since July
prove them wrong show us your TAXES TAXES TAXES
grow up
Get over it. You are acting like a big baby dwelling on your victory.  Grow up and work to make our citizens life better.
DemocRATS, foolish liberals, gays, lesbians, transgenders and Muslims have united to ruin the United States and ruin you !
.@realDonaldTrump-NOPE! Despite E-College win, OK for president, YOU LOST Americans by 3 million votes, House 5 & Senate 2! NO MANDATE here!
Shame on you for betraying the voters who gave you electoral advantage by cutting health care, education & social programs!
In the words of Ronald Regan - There you go again!
You look so silly at this point.  It is like you are doubling down on the worst hand ever.  Do some real work and not rants
FORGOT TO ADD THE BUSH FAMILY.  MOST CORRUPTION IN THE WORLD
Funny, that's not what our intelligence agencies say #MakeRussiaGreatAgain
#TrumpsCoverup #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaDiversion #trumpIspathologicaliar,
Release your taxes
No. Bad   You lie.
HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA.
nope not true.  You are officially under investigation.
like you made uo and pushed that you were going to "Make America great again" instead of a fucking Joke?
no. You're being investigated about Russia because the intelligence community says things smell fishy.
YOU DON'T EVEN  PERCEIVE HOW SICK YOU ARE...
And you are just a lier
@JHaystrand Change has only just begun. Eight more years of WINNING...
With a "terrible campaigm" Democrats managed to 3 millions more votes than you @GOP
what about the popular vote?  Or did you give up on the idea there were 3M illegal votes? #Resistance
