That's truly the dumbest way you could have spun it. Trump opening his KFC hole before thinking is reckless and dangerous.
Tic Toc

LOL. Based upon all his experience in diplomatic or military experience, #DonTheCon? Too bad you don't have access to US Intelligence.

Unpredictable = Unstable
Yes, he knew like the rest of the world knew nothing. Thanks obama for bringing us back 100 plus years in global reputation

I totally agree!
And we know President Trump has already bombed 2 countries  one MOAB
Yes but NOK and China are on edge do what you have to do to protect the USA we are behind u sir GOD BLESS YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP
This is the dumbest statement I've ever read.
Agree - people who believe in the crap should try being unpredictable in their personal lives ....
You not unpredictable   probably kim is reading this and he knows your next move so do we 
Its gonna be another tweet
He's insane. You're insane @jessebwatters. NK wasn't nervous with @BarackObama at the helm. They're so frightened now and will fire first.

good point
yep, Obozo did nothing.......well at least he was the model of consistency.......



RAPE....ORGIES....KOREA....TRUMP....WTF?!
#TrumpTrafficking THREAD #SexTrafficking 
1) He's not insane. He Kim & Putin are coordinating to distract from this. http://ir.net/news/politics/126633/report-4-indictments-likely-friday-ny-trump-investigation/ … 

It amazes me that other  networks seem to treat me so much better than @FoxNews. I brought them the biggest ratings in history, & I get zip!
August 2015. Things change.
The hate came alive by those people calling themselves Christians!  Nothing DT has done reflects a word in the bible! Sad you sold your soul
Yes they knew Obama would do nothing. Better to be unpredictable.
ok i don't think you know how idiotic your tweet is ....but it is...ignorant
I see a lot of pro-nuke comments from some truly ignorant fucks. We've dropped nukes before. Let me show you some pics of the results.
@jessbwatters Uncontrolled. Not unpredictable, you dolt.
Yea, the right thing.
I think you meant liability , not asset.
Rather know whats going to be done than have 2 crackpots trying to out do each other
Trump buying into this reckless thinking is truly scary and quite insane.
We have a president who enjoys nuclear brinksmanship. This is utterly unacceptable. This is not modern day presidential.
Actually, it's modern day apocalyptic.
When Trump is unpredictable, it is not a calculated strategy. He is irrational and unstable.
Trump drew much criticism for his impulsive North Korea comments. Now he is trying to do damage-control. Too late.
Was nice to hear a President STAND UP FOR AMERICANS instead of cowering down and apologizing for a change. NOKO has harrassed us for decades
Trump so reckless even his own NSA, advisers, Sec. State, Sec. Def are all wtf. They're all backtracking Trump statements.
Not surprised at all...
Wait until the Mueller investigation goes public.  Look at the sequence of events: Manafort raided by FBI, Trump threatens war.  Just watch.
Mr President, ignore this talk. We know you have no control over NK. This has been going on a long time, it is not some Trump plot. BLESS U!
We will never let the people forget about Obama's "strategic patience"

He & Bill Clinton are responsible for the N. Korea situation today.
Răspuns  foarte înțeles
Dumneze  să  va binecuvinteze  cu pace si si înțelepciune.
Pres. Trump, I live in Cal, a very BLUE state, but I voted for you!!  Let the fans handle the disrespectful athletes!   Take care of N Korea


here's why (August 9, 2017; 21:08 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
NOT NECESSARILY (August 9, 2017; 21:08 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Your rhetoric and foolishness is very predictable!  Vague, empty threats, more vague, empty threats.  No N.K. POLICY!  Nor any other F.P.
Idiot
The worst
President Obama was the best in the history of this country! You will go down as the worst!!!
The MIGGER LOOSES
Hi I'm sorry but is Jesse Watters in any way familiar with, like...anything? How the world works or good politics or anything at all?
Multiple tweets and glasses doesn't work to make you look smart when you spew this crap
Update: @THEFIVE (August 9, 2017; 21:08 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Yeah, unpredictability & instability are great qualities. Because people love the fear that they may be at war by tomorrow morning...
,...2 demonstrate we're part of CIVILIZED society...,(August 9, 2017; 21:08 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
again, this must be a @FOXNEWS spinoff: @THEFIVE (August 9, 2017; 21:08 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
people must also act like RATIONAL HUMAN BEINGS (August 9, 2017; 21:08 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
North Korean people are unfortunately held hostage at the whim of their leader. POTUS knows what to do. . .
"being UNPREDICTABLE is a BIG ASSET???" @THEFIVE (August 9, 2017; 21:08 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
RT @TheFive: "@POTUS being unpredictable is a big asset, North Korea knew exactly what President Obama was going to do."...
You got that right, Obama was predictable, Trump's boldness keeps NKorea  at bay. @TheFive @POTUS @jessebwatters
,...something HE DOESN'T seem 2 be capable of: act CIVILIZED (August 9, 2017; 21:08 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Yay  
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @jessebwatters 
NOW NORTH KOREA KNOW EXACTLY WHAT PRES. TRUMP "WILL DO"
But being unfocused and ill prepared is a big liability.
obama did NOTHING. "Strategic Patience" is a LOSING POLICY!!!!
Thank GOD for President TRUMP!!!!!!!!
It's been decided.  Come war, you deploy first
and I would be PROUD to Serve My Country!!!!
I will Stand and FIGHT to Protect this Country, Will you???
I'm already doing so. #TheResistance
Hating the President is Defending the Country?
That is Sick and Twisted Logic.
You hated our last President...so what's the difference?
TAKE EM OUT PREZ TRUMP..THERE'S NO OTHER WAY...TRUMP WILL KEEP US SAFE..LET'S GET HIM 8 YRS...HOORAH
Obama is a worthless piece of Shit and the reason I got out of the Army after 25 years service. Every time a Democrat is in office we loose
Did NK threaten to attack Guam, or any other US military base, when Obama was POTUS ......?
when Obama was potus, they tested and detonated nucleair bombs and developed ICBM's.
Interesting.  Was Obama the POTUS who started all that .....?
no, it goes further back. But the observation stands, as during his reign, he allowed it.
Did Obama's election campaign and manifesto promise nuclear disarmament or similar .....? Did the US electorate vote for this ...?
So, @eugenegu and @danibostick, do we just talk nice and hope Him So Fat doesn't attack Guam?
Worst. President. Ever.
Yes Obama was !
I'm sure the people of Seoul feel the same way. 
We are in constant prayer for you to be blessed with wisdom, President Trump.
Pray harder. It's not working.
No plan/no intelligence, won't listen 2 more educated advisers. He's applauded at rallies 4 tough talk-doesn't work w/crazy nuclear nation!
Let's just wait and see if Kim does anything then maybe we'll get the U.N. to send them a stern letter.
If he does anything, it will be too late.
If Kim does anything it will be too late? Why is that if Trump has no plan? You don't make any sense.
If Kim sends a nuke our way, it will be too late for talk or a letter.
Trump is dangerous for the WORLD.  God save us all, Trump isn't.
Trump isn't being unpredictable by instantly drawing red lines, "If NK threatens us again..." then doing nothing when they do. #Hypocrites
Which was nothing
BULLSHIT. From the BULLSHITTERS.
He is so unpredictable we might wake up in the morning with no country or dead and pray tell hat will be gained
I meant what will be gained.
Yes, two man-children with over-inflated egos using nukes to convince the world they don't have tiny peni. That will end well. Idiots.
North Korea is serious ,don't doubt their intentions ! Pray always !
So you think starting WW3 is the correct decision to make as President of the USA! You are one very sick person that needs IMPEACHING NOW!
2 things O was going to do: jack & shit!
Cause Obama was like a puppet to everyone
 Obama was a candy ass to, scared
Yeah, right.  Keep telling yourself this nonsense.  Remember, Seoul will pay heavily for any action we take.  It is just not that simple.
Which was not a damn thing!

1 person stupid out of 5 okay but all five being stupid can't be an excuse
LMAO  tru dat!
Yes North Korea, Iran, Syria, Libya, Egypt, Yemen, Russia, Gaza, Pakistan all knew Obama would do nothing except "run and hide"
... POTUS being mentally ill is an asset for Putin. What does he have on you donnie? #PutinsPuppet #ImpeachTrumpNow #trumpmentallyill
Yup, that's why he didn't try this shit while Obama was in office, but Trumps making us the weakest link.
Trump is no president ,I don't  have no Respect for him.I can believe anything he say
Yeah absolutely nothing
It's about time we have a leader who will do something about stupid arrogant pampas ass that comment atrocities against the innocent.
.
It is scary. Who is  crazier- Donald or Norht Korea king.
They still know what the President will do. Talk a big game and then pussy out because he's a coward. Just like he does about Vietnam.
Look at you, @jessebwatters : y'all been re-tweeted by @POTUS ! Times are good! Go get'em, Son   #MAGA
#Hiroshima Donald and Melanie touring Guam? (They do have a fully stocked bomb shelter)
Oh no you're predictable all right....
@POTUS a Big Asset to N.Korea? . You do understand that Russian is their Allie and Putin Might just give him the PP Tapes
and that was nothing
@realDonaldTrump Unfortunately, Kim is as unpredictable as you are. How do you deal with this ? Take your pills.

Donny is giving Kim Jong Un what Obama never gave him- attention & importance. Wag The Dog. This statement from North Korea was worth it tho
Except him lashing out like a psychotic toddler was totally predictable.
Yes they knew what the sissy was going to do, NOTHING!!!
BULL
#FakeNews
Projection of ones own defects onto others is a form of Mental Illness
Yes! Nothing.
No let's follow the Obummer way. Tell them what, when & what our military is going to do!
Maybe that's why we didn't have to worry about North Korea until an incompetent person took over.
You mean that he wouldn't and didn't create a nuclear winter! Or that South Korea is still around!

#Worstpresidentever 
#Worstpresidentever
He's not unpredictable. His instability is actually pretty predictable.
Yea - he got Osama bin Laden which Bush claimed he wld do & did NOT.
Yeah! Nothing! Absolutely nothing!
Dumbest thing I've ever heard.
Everyone knew Obama would lecture everyone and do nothing
Its OBVIOUS! Its @POTUS, The Hardworking Taxpayer's > Verses ALL THE DAMNED EVIL of this world!
That's right....nothing
O would do NOTHING!  Cowardly traitor.
IT'S NOT being 'unpredictable' it's called being discreet with your plans. Not giving away the secrets.. etc etc. Does anyone get that?
Nothing
If they don't know what Trump is thinking or doing then their response to what they assume he will do will be similarly unpredictable.
Really? I don't remember a time when n.korea openly said they would attack America or a time when they launched missiles like they have /1
#KimJungUn is a small stupid man who can only understand other small stupid men. What we have here now is a meeting of the  minds.
If any other strong power was threatened by N Korea there would be ULTIMATUM ONE MORE MISSILE FIRED IN WRONG DIRECTION WILL BE SHOT DOWN..
Right on jesse
This asshole is gonna get us all killed.
but to attack or find itself in a position of looking weak to the countrymen and other nations by backing down from threats like these.
https://twitter.com/TrumpTrain45Pac/status/895711802532651008 …
Sick of media saying he is on vacation. If he is playing golf he deserves it! Where are the pictures in the fake news of him golfing?
Hello mr trump go ahead strong
Has N.Korea violated terms of the treaty?Otherwise we are still@war with them.There is no need for declaration,basically the war didn't end.
No, it is a serious liability.
Unpredictability leads to uncertainty in international affairs, which usually leads to trouble.
Unpredictable is not a good thing for other countries not led by maniacs.
North Korea knew exactly what President Obama was going to do.....he governed brilliantly and kept the American citizens out of danger.
@POTUS being unpredictable is a big ass.
Of course you'd repeat a story that turns your inability to be rational into a positive. #45_WorstPOTUS_Ever
Yeah, thats working out great for Trump. He isn't doing any better with N Korea than past Presidents. How has being unpredictable helped him
No kidding!
Unstable describes #POTUS better than unpredictable. He is as predictable as a spoiled brat child & that will ultimately be his downfall
Irresponsible, Unprofessional, Unhinged & Reckless. Our lives are in your cabinets hands. For you fly off the handle, NOT worthy of POTUS
If "unpredictability" is your weapon, the USA basically voted Deadpool to power. Maybe his tiny hands are due to his healing factor!
@BarackObama actions maintained peace.
@realDonaldTrump actions are taking us to the brink of nuclear war. And you call that an asset?
Yeah playing chicken with a psychopath will predictably get Guam blown up. Guess as long as Trump's property is fine then it's OK.
Batshit fucking crazy unpredictable is not an asset. It's just scary to everyone with any who is not actually insane.
I don't think that word means what you think it means
Sen. Market is giving the president advice on how to treat N. Korea.
Save it.
Politicians created this guy.
Mr. President listen 2 generals.
Isn't this the truest statement.. Watch out North Korea!
That was easy....nothing !
Yep, NOTHING!
President Trump is a man of action not words...he is making history in a good positive way! Hes changing the game.
Fear is always a good thing to harvest in your enemies mind .
He is unpredictable because he is unstable and that is not a good thing
Yeah and they didn't bomb the US!
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @jessebwatters Don't you mean BIG DANGER!?
20 years of bonehead attempts by Clinton, Bush W, Obama brought us here. Think we need a Trump solution! When good cowers evil's emboldened
Actually I'm pretty sure Trump is predictable in his grandstanding, bullying and threats.
@POTUS is not unpredictable. He is a loose canon. Big difference.
Thank you.  That is comforting.  Also,  Trump is not going to tell us everything he is going to do.
Right-now let us use nukes!
NK knows exactly what Trump will do : Cause the death of 30000 US troops in NK and Japan, and millions of civilians.NK does not care.
Please note, you all will have blood on your hands if... We nuke NK or they nuke us. This is not a game and these are real lives. #VacaPrez
Obama can't even scare Mickey Mouse who are we kidding here, he's Jimmy Carter 2.0 a total coward who like to appease to evil.#DeepState
Unhinged more like. Keep him the fuck out of world affairs until he grows up.
A big asset to WHOM is the question, because he's certainly not an asset to the US.
There is a difference between being unpredictable and being totally off the rails
The game theory president
That might be the most asinine thing I've heard today.
And thank God Obama was mentally stable, and mature enough not to taunt a dictator.
Yeah NOTHING. Except money and cowardness
Yes, nothing
A big fat 0
Like you would know ? Stay out of issues and topics you know nothing about, a spot on the apprentice is more  inline with your skill set.
The US response to a North Korean attack is EXACTLY THE SAME as it was.
Yup Hussein would have sat on his hands and did nothing.
@realDonaldTrump let @jessebwatters interview you again! Millennials love @jessebwatters interview style and chemistry w you! #TRUMP2020
Yes, unpredictable is exactly what we want in a president. Bat shit crazy is even better! Dumb as a rock is the ultimate!!!
NK got no clue what Trump is going to do because Trump got no clue!
Kind of like having an angry drunk on your side
No its not when you're dealing w someone as paranoid as Kim Jong. We have 2 crazies here, Trump & Kim. Who will lose control 1st?
#Trump: You are retweeting a clown like @jessebwatters as an endorsement of your dangerous #Korea policy? Get real.
So y'all can get off your Obama trip and just deal with the idiot trump who thinks he's some kind of cowboy sheriff about to start a war.
Because being crazy as batshit as President is always an asset?
Yeah -nothing
