Thank you Sean McGarvey &amp; the entire Governing Board of Presidents for honoring me w/an invite to speak. #NABTU2017…...
Mr. President, I would like to offer my services to your administration.  I’m 56 years old, have a undergraduate degree in IT/Business Systems Analysis and am currently doing graduate work towards my MBA. Layed off from IBM, benefits exhausted, any consideration appreciated.
Speaking of invites, I heard Prince Harry doesn’t want you at His wedding but will probably be inviting the Obama’s
Syria... chemical attacks...your fault.
Syria? Speak about the chemical attack and why you are responsible.
If any one that follows our god emperor plays ark survival evolved is looking for a new tribe to join hit me up @TribeofHeroes
How do I join
Fired Yates and Comey for doing their jobs, but not traitors or family members brazenly exploiting WH!  April 04 14:38
Is this where u spoke of your electoral votes while there was a horrific act happening in Syria
What happened? Did Putin cancel his speaking engagement and you were his last-minute fill-in?
So when do we start?
So build shit half fast without permits or inspections and create more safety hazards that's real smart of you
Everytime he says something be sure to do a fact check he has a tendency to make shit up as he goes along
Now please don't make a ass out of yourself by repeating BIGLY all the time while you wave your xs hands, they won't invite you back.
Are you going to use all of the 500 words in your vocabulary?
There coming for you. You'll be impeached soon. You're guilty as hell
OOHRAH!!
Now you just have to learn to speak.
Release your tax returns.
Thou art a fobbing brazen-faced hedge-pig, @realdonaldtrump
Trump's Speech in a Tweet: I beat Hilary, Obama tapped my wires, I don't know Putin, #MAGA #MAGA #MAGA #rabble #rabble #rabble
You were booed, Don, remember? Or did it not happen, like it didn't rain on your poorly attended inauguration?

President Donald Trump and Republicans "don't give a s*** about people." ~Tom Perez. It's the truth. Deplorables are finding that out.
China is eating your lunch tomorrow.
I imagine it is an honor, considering you're such an embarrassing train wreck that you probably don't get many invitations.
Honoring ME? Again, it's always about YOU, isn't it trump? Try just saying thanks for the opportunity to work together for the sake of USA.
what about what happened in syria?? are you saying thats fake news too???
Shoot! I WAS planning on going.
Traitor !
They just want to be able to brag that they saw you right before you went to prison.
Innocent children are being murdered.  Remember that.
How vain.


You can speak? Coherently?
Great speech! @potus reminded us that he kept his promise to withdraw from the TPP
And a great reminder of why we need a builder in the WH
Thanks for all you do Mr President
KUSHNER GORKOV MANAFORT DERIPASKA PAGE FLYNN SESSIONS ROSS RYBOLOVLEV MAMMADOV KISLYAK PRINCE NUNES TRUMP COLLUDING FOR  AND POWER. TREASON
About what? Yourself and how you wanna bone your daughter?
Have you ever watched clips of you talking? Speech and gestures enough to gag you!
Keep up the great job you are doing on creating jobs and supporting American workers. You are a breath of fresh air.
Don't let Tiny hands infringe on big hearts.  #Russia 's #trump #trumptrussia
This.
awesome . ..thanks for sharing...most of my  Hispanic friends voted for trump...the dems don't want anyone to know the real numbers

https://www.inverse.com/article/26292-donald-trump-impeachment-odds …
Vote DEMOCRAT for Senate 2018 #MAGA
Hey Trump, are you going to release your 2016 tax returns since your BS excuse that they're "under audit" is not longer applicable?
To the people saying "it doesn't matter", it DOES. Not because it'll show how MUCH he made but WHERE it came from…
Trump Jr. admitted, on record, that a "disproportionate" amount of their wealth comes from Russian entities.
We cannot have a president who we have no idea about where he receives or owes money as he can then use OUR tax money to line HIS pockets.
If you think it's not a big deal then you're endorsing corruption. It IS our business as he's in office to serve OUR interests, not HIS
Remember when he demanded Obama's birth certificate because he had anonymous sources? & that he made a fool of himself & never apologized?
Obama released his birth certificate even tho the entire thing was baseless. This is NOT baseless, but Trump refuses to comply.
Good for you.  What about Syria?  What ya going to do?  Take out Assad?  We are waiting.
WE WORKED HARD TO ELECT YOU TO LOCKHERUP & LOCKTHEMUP! #nationalhuganewspersonday #lockherup #obamagate #SusanRice #maga #trumptrain #Unc
We don't care. Why are you even POTUS still?
Since when did you give a fuck about unions, benefits, and livable wages? Do you know where you're speaking right now? Hahahaha
Oh please..Trump hired more union labor as a NYC builder than the Clinton's or Obama ever did.
That's a false equivalence, and Trump is famous for not paying his contractors.
That's the most ridiculous argument I've ever heard. How many contractors do you have to hire before you find out they can't do the job?
My state hired a contractor to put in drainage along the highway. They screwed it up and everything flooded. They paid the contractor anyway
Then paid another to fix it.  Who's the fool? The guy who didn't pay for bad work or the one who did?
He's living in a house built by slaves. He used to live in a house built by contractors who didn't get paid, not much difference.

You colluded with Russia.
That's so wrong 
Do you like learning, at all?
@realDonaldTrump - It appears Assad just used chemical weapons on children. He owes his office to Putin.

Time for you to pick a side.
What do you want him to do? Bomb Russia? What's your brilliant plan, in this mess Obama created?
when will you stop blaming the bad on Obama but allow 45 to take credit for the good Obama did? 45 told Obama not to do what he did.
Wow, who knew?
ISIS spokesman Abu al-Hassan al-Muhajer said that the US is "bankrupt" and "being run by an idiot," according to Reuters.
Muhajer also told Americans: "The signs of your demise are evident to every eye."
I have no faith you will keep us safe, 45. None.
You don't have the intelligence to understand the danger you're putting us in, 45.
You need to step down and let someone who knows what they're doing take charge.
Earlier , ISIS members branded Trump's executive order on immigration "the Blessed Ban" as it proved that the West is at war with Islam.
Psalm 3:8
Salvation belongs to the Lord. Your blessing is upon Your people. Selah
Blessed are the peacemakers for they shall be called the children of God. Well  he missed that boat. So ain't no blessing nowhere. #tryagain
Love one another as I love you. John 13:34
1 Corinthians 13. The entire chapter. It talks about love. #45 doesn't exhibit many of these attributes. #tryagain
I agree.  He needs to be educated on true Christianity.
True something!! Because whatever he does practice I want no parts of it. And neither should anybody on this earth.  #dumptrump #agentorange
Everything conservatives said would happen did happen as a direct result of the disastrous progressive, Liberal policies of the Obama admini
Not sure how that comment fits here or what conservs said would happen that did? more ppl insured? fed? the horror!

Pew #poll shows growing confidence in the economy. Majorities or Republicans & Democrats agree. http://www.cbsnews.com/news/poll-finds-americans-are-more-confident-in-the-economy/?ftag=COS-05-10aaa0g&utm_campaign=trueAnthem:+Trending+Content&utm_content=58e313ee04d30111f9f29cef&utm_medium=trueAnthem&utm_source=twitter …

What about the botched job in Yemen killing women and children that's ok "move along nothing to see here. YOUR SUCH A HYPOCRITE
Excellent well son could not have been any better
They didn't realize you were incapable of speaking in complete sentences when they invited you.
For the documents of Russia connections see media pgs of @funder -
Review actual documents draw your own informed conclusions.
You can still be hired for talks, just have to be a video feed from prison.
This is FAKE NEWS. ASAD did not kill his people. Its a set up. Fake News. Like  the Russians its all fake news.
They had to.
The left is winning with their smear campaigns-The swamp is draining us.
Still bragging about election "so-called" victory while Syrian kids die in the street and Kim Jong Un fires missiles into the sea.  SICK!
PLEASE. 
DON'T SPEAK.
PLEASE.
Who would want to hear you talk? It is like listening to a pig fart.
Gingrich is another loser crowding your style as well as that Hannity user.
Come up with some new hand movements, wouldja!  That girly circle with your right hand is making us so sick we can't watch!
buy sign of the times on itunes
AND PUT A NEW PATRIOTIC PEOPLE TO REALLY WANBA WORK FOR USA. NO MORE POLITICIANS ALL ARE CORRUPTS REPUBLICANS TOO BECAREFUL
nigeria/briish Govt mastermind the massacre of over 3.5m #biafrans mostly women $ kids just to get hold of our oil #freeNnamdikanu #freeBiaf
Hi prez trump I am capable of fighting for me country however I have a felony in my pass & it hinders me being able to fight pleas get me in
They have to ask you they are embarrassed by you and aren't working with you 34%
Tweet Tweet! Could you SERIOUSLY get some work done? It might help with your respect issues... #GetToWorkYaBum!
We are so blessed to have Donald trump as our president! Ivanka and Jared are awesome too!!
WE LOVE YOU! This is GOOD VER. EVIL! Someone has to go down to stop all these lies!
Verify Mr. Trump. Verify everything. Asad is NOT THE ENEMY. Dont be a PUPPET.
Didn't like it when you realized the crowd had strongly supported Hillary. Made your little hands perspire? Got the electoral vote story in?
Congratulations Mr Prez! Please don't take at face value  Assad-  Russia used gas. Last time accused, turned out to be  US backed Rebels .
they HAD TO.   They didn't warn to, but you are the so-called president.  The narcissist in chief.
why are u so desperate for adulation! I wish I could reach back& have your parents love you. Because there's something deeply wrong w/you!!
Watched U get booed! It was great!!
You sir, have no honor.
Obama gave his salary to leftwing commie traitors ,way to go Barry.
Mr President you deserve the honor. And it's not 100 days yet. Well done.
I pray for you daily
Praying god is watching  over you, to protect you from the insiders.
Felicitaciones
Oh thank u thank u I need a way to get my head out my ass and feel stupid again
I'm inviting you to speak, too.  Repeat after me: "I resign the office of POTUS immediately, as I recognize I have done great harm."
Should I start laughing now
USA,complexe
WORST SPEECH EVER BY A POTUS!!! You are a COMPLETE EMBARRASSMENT!!!
Running insane

they just did it to get a good freak show !  Everyone loves a Buffon trump tower Russian hacking governor board of preside
You are definitely NOT an honor.   And every time you speak, I tend to get nauseous 
R u blaming Russia for this chemical attack Speak up let us know
I guess they like to laugh, too. Can't imagine any other reason anyone would want to listen to your imbecilic ranting.
Does that include other @POTUS rolling in their graves? #GetOuttaHere #Trumpelstiltskin: #HellCalls
The More The Merrica 
you're an embarrassment and disgrace to our country. #youretheWORSTpresidentEVER #YOUarefakenews
sure you would defend  Bill . You are just like him! Pussygrabber!
WE love you, thank you & pray for you. Keep it up. Drain this disgusting swamp called Washington. Treason among all of us.
They booed you
Donald Trump..looking for more ways to line his pockets.
have you guys watched the world what is happening because of him!? Looks closely or ur too selfish to look around
I am sure there was a huge crowd & you were bigly entertaining, very entertaining, the best entertaining ever.

Liar
Mr. President, can you please unite the United States of America to make this country greatest. Thank you!!!
Lol
Lots of BOO's.  #FakePresident
They didn't honor you,they booed.Weren't your voters.
So you just cannot help yourself? Bragging all the time. U have to stop. U got booed here. U suck as President. Stop lying to US citizens.
Wake up Mr. Pres dont let fake info sway you . Get a meeting with assad and Putin. They are not your enemy.
you wish they were honoring you. Since when did you care about children let alone the ones in Syria? Russia won't let U.
RUSSIA  Show your tax returns! #FAKEPOTUS
Quit worrying about where he got his money. Didn't bother you where the clintons stole theirs.
please stop giving in to the leftist Dems. We have the control. We want u in for another 4 years
My father was a builder and president of builders assoc. and a republican, he would be disgusted by your presidency and behavior.
Awesome speech.. That's why I voted for you!
#ImpeachTrump

Invite is a verb, deviant.  What you got was an invitation (noun).  Did you go to school at all?
Where you were booed. Write a real speech, not a "my crowd was bigger" speech. GROW UP!
Are you serious??
No honor to a potus at 35% approval. Your a national embarrassment and a traitor w ties to Russia! @cnn @NBCNews   @ABC . #millenialsvote
Good thing you were there while Syrian children were gassed to death. Good job. Brilliant. Such a statesman.
I'll invite you to shut up.
You reached the max on orange. Nice color!  Noe f8 d a bette r hair dresser. #cosmo# learntourcilorongair
BLAH BLAHBLAH BLAHBLAH BLAHBLAH YOU 300lb fat pig you buffoon
Just imagine if Hitler wasn't a priority!!! like he said Assad isn't..Did he see those dead children?
NEVER IN MY 50 YEARS HAVE I SEEN A FIRST FAMILY WORK LIKE THIS. WITHOUT EVEN, GETTING PAID.
You could create jobs if you moved all your industries to our nation instead of overseas
