[;:)Good to see that you haven't lost your swing Enjoy your Game President Trump and ABE !
good to hear u need some rest  too
you're the best!!!!
Was it last week or right after the inaugural when you signed the EO to reopen the coal mines? Or the rusted out factories?

Was called, "just a routine deportation raid," too. 
So you're hosting the Prime minister on tax payer dollars, and you're golfing at one of your own clubs?!
Nice snap,  Donald.
what goes around comes around
THE EXECUTIVE BRANCH IS CORRUPTED! ALL CAPS
Fake Pres @realDonaldTrump, I am glad to see you getting good strong work done on our dime. #maralago
Free Tibet from China's Dictators who have used Tibet as its Foreign Policy
The UN is a mockery of an International Organisation .
that's a great picture!
of course you are,dear.We are paying for you to play.Meanwhile, other countries are confused as to who is running the show.
#dumpTrump #Notmypresident #bullypresident  #bamboozled #AssHole #corruption #racist #donaldtrumpsucks #donaldtrumpracist
Oh, so damn happy for U that you're "having a great time". Are U even REMOTELY aware of the state of OUR country?!!? SHAME.
What is going on with Flynn, Conway? Breaking federal rules, I thought you were the " law and order" guy, No? Oh well
glad you got to golf instead of creating racist executive orders.
We love you 45!!!
Please don't write off expenses as "business expense."  We know you will try. Plus, you're just a show off. No one cares! 
So proud of our President and wife, Melania for showing love and hospitality to our neighbors.  Luv
How much have these past 2 weekend trips cost taxpayers?  Plenty to do to entertain him in DC.  Stop wasting our money.
I am sorry that people are so rude to you! You work very hard and deserve a golfing break. Thanks for all you do! Enjoy!!!!
DO SOME WORK AND STOP GOLFING! YOU ARE PUTTING THIS COUNTRY IN DANGER!!!
Really? blame the 9th circuit for putting country in danger, total brainwashed leftist #MAGA 
I've enjoyed hosting new friends at our coffee, cake, and true Islam events! Find one near you at http://trueislam.com !
Peace.
on our dime. 
still working while playing golf what an awesome president.
Having a great time hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States! https://www.facebook.com/DonaldTrump/posts/10158635419120725:0 …… https://t.co/hKqbMB...
Thk goodness you didn't do the 19 sec handshake again, his eyes hurt frm  hearing how GREAT u r!

Open your eyes ...START HERE

#Resist #Trump #Wikileaks #Pedogate #Vault7…
Careful, 45, you'll make Putin jealous...
.@realDonaldTrump 18% of your presidency has been you playing golf in Florida.
100% of his presidency has been winning.
winning at golf?
winning for Americans
at golf? Or in court?
the 9th circuit has been overturned 80% of the@ time.  This to will be overturned.
so he's only winning at golf?
that's all you have.  Since his first few hours he has been winning for America.  #MAGA
God golf is douchey
.@realDonaldTrump You and PM Abe should watch SNL together tonight and he can see how much America loves you! 
@JordanUhl @realDonaldTrump The losing liberals last stand is #SaturdayNightLive
Always winning mate.
you should be on #TrumpWinning team. He picks winners
He picks uneducated trust fund kids and fellow bigots.
better tune in to #SNL tonight to get your dose of delusional #StupidLiberalsLosing
didn't you promise Americans you weren't going to golf at all as president?
or is it bc Bannon is really president? Loophole like your taxes???
PLEASE 'ban' right wing white males b/c they're the ones perpetrating the majority of mass shootings and terror in America
There will always be violence and unwanted murder. Do prefer it comes from an outside source like radical Islam?
sounds like you've given up on society
Sounds like you've given up on common sense.
what - like blindly accepting murder & violence ? Please explain.
Blindly accepting? No, I see how society works and understand that violence will inevitably be a part of it.
gun control ?
2nd Amendment?
enjoy your extravagancies.Japanese way doesn’t respond to your cheap bribery.They are serious and profesional. Integrity!!
The American people wanted a 'bold' president... @VicenteFoxQue is the RIGHT KIND of bold! It's a shame he can't lead us.
I'd take him over the minister of chaos we have right now.
you would want him to run the US? He can't even properly run his own country!
I would certainly hope not. He's not president anymore. 
he can't be any worst than what we've got
you're actually the reason why I no longer align myself to the left
P.S. don't give a shit.
Gpod for you. Many a deal is made on the golf course. O played with himself, you play with presidents.
are you the same DJ Trump that used to criticise Obama for playing golf?
Be assured he would respond immediately unlike Obama when one of our fellow Americans were beheaded
Well, at least one of you is enjoying himself.
What about my a disgrace?
go hate someplace where else
Is he a close friend of Japan 's Prime Minister Abe?
Journalist's appeal of 2016 rape case decision rejected by inquest panel .

https://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2017/09/22/national/crime-legal/journalists-appeal-2016-rape-case-decision-rejected-inquest-panel/#.WcXIkIzP_2I.twitter ……
Wasting our TAX $$$$. Never had a president spent so much time and money golfing. @realDonaldTrump  @potus @fotus . #impeachtrump
I bet Shinzo would rather be kite surfing with Obama in HI instead of watching you hit balls at your retirement home @realDonaldTrump
.@realDonaldTrump do you even do anything remotely fun? Anyone that meets you says you only talk about golf, the biggest snoozefest ever 
to be fair, he also talks about grabbing pussy.

golfing again
you are not Obama.  Don't let our enemies see how out of shape and gross you are
OMG worst photoshop ever. Flag the size of a football field and Twitler magically lost 100 pounds! Nice weeds
#trumpisfat
Good to see my tax dollars going to a worthy cause.
and yet you complained about @BarackObama taking vacation. Job more than you thought it was????
you've had 2 vacations in 3 weeks.
Thanks a lot to U.S and you President  welcomed our PM Shinzo! I know we have greater partnership than ever on this period!
wearing a hat must be the most delicate procedure for you.
Thank you! Mr. Trump, the great president of the States. From Japan.
like I want to hear about your GREAT Times all the time ... must be.nice !  Look at me little people
Thank you for hosting our prime minister.
plz answer me am worried
keep up the good work
Finally a president he has press confef
press conference  u can understand
你开心就好
Didn't U say U would not have time to golf? Ur leisure wknd trips cost millions. Y don't U cut that frm OUR budget NOT URS
HELLO President♡ THX 4 Ur hosting Prime Minister of JPN!
This is the very thing you ridiculed President O for,and he wasn't paying his own resort on the taxpayers dime.Disgraceful!
President Trump did not play golf 5 minutes after an american was beheaded like President Obama!!!!
fake news
44 1/4 lies to the American people by not releasing his taxes...!

but is he? You almost ripped his hand off.insulting not to wear earpiece....no manners President Trump
Yes! You goooo Mr. President...
I think your doing a great job Mr. President...Thank you
AND your Russian cronie!
Now, what was it you said about @POTUS44 playing golf? Yeah. #hypocracy

مشي لك جرجف
On behalf of SANE Americans, I humbly apologize for our - In - Chief. You were so dignified despite everything.
don't let the haters get at you!! They know you/we are winning!!
a g
Hey Obama this is how you use golf as President.
keep up the good work Mr. President let the haters hate.  When Obama was golfing he was not doing with a PM .
You should give work a try. Golf is for elitists.
@daveyk317 I bet he isn'tIan
#golferinchief
#impeach45
antichrist you suck and I didn't vote for you#you suck
you sir, are a master negotiator.
you are a man baby
""I'm going to be working for you, I'm not going to have time to go play golf," Trump, 2016.  Every week you've played.
@SenCortezMasto @MMFlint @RepKihuen     Isn't this an ethics violation
fantástic! 
Need to hold your stomach in. Getting a little chubby there @POTUS
You and your hotels are profitting from the Presidency.  Just sick.
So proud of your work, and love of America.  Go, Pres. Trump!
did you play 18 holes? What did you shoot?
You play golf more than Obama! When do you plan on #MAGA ???
P.M. Abe can still play golf after you kept yanking on his arm? So rude!
Alright "Obummer". What's up with the golfing bit? Should've taken him to Disneywo.
I bet immigrants mow your lawn. Now White people can  apply.
Unfair land transaction at Shinzo Abe elementary school. The principal is Mrs. Prime Minister, Akie Abe
didn't you promise to not to play golf.
I am sure they will have a wonderful time,Asians love Golf, and I hear Trump can multitask,between shots business.
I can see they photoshopped that belly. And maybe the hand too.
remember when you bitched about Obama golfing? At least he worked his ass off in between & didn't take off every w/end!
Waisting our American dollars paying for the trump course. Our money paying the pres. Words of a republican. find me dumps
who's with your wife? She actually continues to look like she's looking for love! You're a SORRY man!
 Imitation is greatest form of flattery. Now that there's a picture of a "high five", try singing Amazing Grace.
