3 Years, 5 Months, 14 Days, 18 Hours, 47 Minutes, and 34 Seconds
Until Trump is inaugurated again
You are foolish if you think he'll survive this term.
Thank you Mr President. Enjoy your vacation!! Just saw you visiting with wedding guests on the links. 
"Vacation Critic Trump takes time off"
RT if you agree: another week completed under @POTUS @realDonaldTrump as he works tirelessly to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #MAGA #AmericaFirst
Psalm 33:12
Blessed is the #nation whose #God is the #Lord, The #people He has #chosen as His own #inheritance.
Why are you so afraid to show your taxes donny?
I thought this organization was "Fake News".
#WaPo =  #MSM = #FakeNews Right?
Anything to do with Russian agenda? Anything to do with you abandoning your anti Assad role...
Could you brag about your golf game instead?  I bet you lie about your score.
Why is WaPo #FakeNews when they say something that isn't positive, but miraculously worth a retweet when you view it as one?
good!!!...but aren't U supposed 2 B vacationing or something @realDonaldTrump?!.ijs, @POTUS you addicted 2 social media like everybody else!
Wait a second... I thought the #WaPo was #FakeNews #CherryPicker
That's great news, but didn't you tell us the @washingtonpost was fake news? Why is anything against you fake? Are you perfect?
I thought the Amazon Washington Post was “FAKE NEWS” @realDonaldTrump? https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/893957896190533632 …
MAGA!!!
Thank you Mr. President for keeping your promise to bomb the shit out of ISIS!! #MAGA
Pilots don't have to land with bombs under their wings anymore.
Wow.  I can see you are #triggered & have become #unhinged which has melted your #snowflake.  I gave to Trump to & I'm even more proud now.
Is that why Afghanistan and Syria are going to hell???
Afghanistan has been going to hell for years. All we need is a presence there not nation building.

Wait is @washingtonpost real news now? Dude good thing you are a billionaire your gonna have a TON of whiplash lawsuits

Fake news Amazon Washington Post
stop insulting  Mr President again. This is not what Jesus Christ taught the children of God
Good news, but I thought you said WAPO was "fake news" and other bad things!
30 days ISIS will be wiped out. I know more than the 5 Star Generals. LOL pretty pathetic people fell for your bullshit w/ Russia's help
Mr. President, Thanks for the hard work you are doing!  Watch out for McMasters!  Lots of troubling info about him popping up.
no thanks to you! #fraud
Wipe them out! #MAGA
#TRUMP #MAGA #USA

#MAGA
#TRUMP #MAGA #USA
#TRUMP #MAGA #USA
#TRUMP #MAGA #USA
#TRUMP #MAGA #USA

H
Exactly
Wait! Do we believe the Washington Post or not? Which one is Fake News again?
@dannywallace d'you think Trump is that mental he believes what he says or is he just the most brazen bastard in history?
POTUS, you promised to defeat ISIS in 30 days. What happened ?
There's no such thing as "grand jury investigation". Lay off the piss. You're shot.

1 million new jobs in 6 months
209k new jobs in July
Unemployment rate at 16 yr low
Thanks, @POTUS!  



The Greatest President Ever  #Trump2020
33% actually. 45 supporters only know how to throw Memes up and can't back anything up. 2018 is right around the corner. Fact...
Funny how many liberal memes I saw as I was scrolling down this thread.  Now I guess I have to see leftist biased statistics
So...he thinks my screen shot of a factual graph is a meme...proving my point, they don't know difference! 
Not quite so. President Putin is the one leading and diminishing the effect of ISIS
Mr President, just a short note to tell you how proud I am of our country and your leadership. I know the adversity you are facing is unwarranted. I know your strength and determination will overcome the adversity. Please stay strong, we really need you. God bless
Apparently not so much
Soon
you need to listen to ann coulter or mexico is going to take over.
"Under Trump, gains against #ISIS have dramatically accelerated"https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/under-trump-gains-against-isis-have-dramatically-accelerated/2017/08/04/8ad29d40-7958-11e7-8f39-eeb7d3a2d304_story.html?utm_term=.36a5f1e5d94f …...
Play more golf.
You're fake get off twitter
@POTUS @washingtonpost unlike your spiritual advisor i don't bealive in your choices anymore
What happened to your super great plan to defeat them in thirty days? I'll wait..
Mr. President i have to communicate to you somethings i believe received from above, which will help you complete your 2 terms in the presidency. Back on early 2016 i shared what i received about you winning. Very important.... God bless you, your family, USA and Puerto Rico.
Under Trump #racism #nazism have dramatically increased!
Here we were thinking we'd get a break from Trump bragging while he's on vacation. Stupid us! Big egos don't take vacays.
And civilian casualties and service members casualties accelerated.
Mr. President keep up the good work! Please do not pay attention to any of these haters. Personally I appreciate everything you're doing!
A prediction, 80 years early: President Trump best. U.S. President of the century!
Reversing the Obama failures
But isn't everything fro @washingtonpost #FakeNews? Now they are a credible source? I'm confused! (not)
Wipe Isis off planet! Send troops to Chicago  as well, they need help sir!!
ugh, DAESH has been on the verge of defeat BEFORE you took office. You are a special piece of work...
It's been seven months.
Isn't WAPO fake news? Why is it credible now? Very confused.

Thought your draft dodging ass was supposed to have defeated ISIS...believe me...tiny hands and mind.
Cutting the funding,big step.MAGA
I thought Washington Post was "FAKE NEWS!" Apparently it's only fake when you disagree with them.
Twitter has blocked some of your bots...we see how you cheat
#UnderTrump Vassyl Lomachenko beat Miguel Marriaga in the 8th round with TKO
Taking handcuffs off ones arm/leg, frees our American talent to achieve objectives assigned for Great patriots, all areas, country's, USA
They are just quoting the White House dummy.
Isn't it amazing how our military operates with a competent, loyal and effective President working to protect us, unlike the past 8 years?
...Using the plans established by @POTUS44 + his generals
Only difference, you're slaughtering civilians @POTUS
Thank goodness our President is getting rid of those vile cockroaches, aka ISIS!! 
As long as the USA keeps interfering in the affairs of the Middle East for our greed, we will have a problem with terrorism.
You are delusional
Great Job!
Send Trump (Isis)
...against humanity are horrific because of your “campaign of annihilation”. Pissed because you want mineral rights in Afghanistan. Sick!
Drag them into the street and run them over with a tank!
Is this true?
Thanks Obama for allowing Agolf Twitler to use your plan.
Quit putting your name on something you didn't have anything to do with you loser
FAKE NEWS
What the hell does that mean!? Will you stop talking in circles!
Why is the WP suddenly real news to the orange Russia lover
impeach trump...russia investigation ongoing,  perhaps ending up in cooler na?
I thought that the Washington Post was nothing but fake news? Why are you tweeting articles from them?
Fake news! Sad!
This country needed a Father image.
Keeping the promise is a lesson every body else should be learning.
You said you would defeat them in your first 30 days.
It's just a shame that the Trump family have traditionally ducked out of the actual fighting.
GOOD. Crush them all.  MASafeA   MtheGlobeSafeA!
President Trump supports Russian Dictator Putin who acts similar to ISIS !  It is really interesting that Trump is against ISIS!


thought you were adamant that the washington post was fake news. only when it suits you, i guess.
Haven't you heard enough yet
Is that the #FakeNews you're quoting there? Weird.
even the idiots get it right once in a while
Thanks for being a patriot
Haven't you repeatedly called the Washington Post "fake" news! Oh wait, only when it isn't glorifying you. Gosh,  you're very biased..
WaPo, fake news?
Well ya now that the US is no longer funding ISIS under the guise of funding moderate rebels
Destroy Them all!! Go @POTUS #MAGA
Wow! Your tweets insult the AMERICAN PEOPLE! Stop glorifying this disgusting administration that deceives US
That's because you're still using the plan implemented by Obama.  You are irrelevant.
@VP @washingtonpost Didn't you say that the WaPo is fake news? You can't have it both ways, Donald.
Mr.Pence you are on vacation being Vice President of the Trump, All he did in six months is fire people, And dodge the investigations
This has been the longest 30 days I've ever waited. ISIS still going strong. Just another underestimation and lie to your base for votes.

Now I'm confused - is Washington Post fake news or not? #pettysential #PINO

we have to wipe ISIS out of this world. #DJT #MAGA
Well congratulations on that ao that at least.

That said don't you usually call WaPo "fake news"?
So haven't civilian deaths in Iraq.  Mostly women and children. Not narcissistic old white men under Russian influence
fake news
Go get em. Finally a president that lets her military do what they do best
Would have nothing to do with our allies since we have fewer boots on the ground right?  Or the Iranians in Syria.  Or the Kurds in Iraq.
#FakeNewsTrump
They will stay with u even if you shiw them the FACTS that you are a very very bad and unsuccessful bad negotiator president!
If u don't open their fetid cans of worms, they Won't Leave u alone.
I thought you said WAPO was fake news? Or only fake when says something you don't agree with?
Good ! Thanks for being the pres. Trump.
The most important thing every man should know, is what he would die for.
oh I SEE when but fits your narrative WaPo is "real news". You are pathetic and hollow of anything worthy or valid.
Both ISIS and our former allies have a common cause - their disgust with you.  Your lack of foreign policy understanding is sad abd apalling
Under me, a total solar eclipse will happen in a few days.
He promised they will be Exteminated from the face of Earth Go to our Troops and Be Safe,God will Bless you all.
I thought the @washingtonpost was FAKE news?! It's only FAKE news when they aren't praising you!
Kiwwwww
You consider Wapo #FAKENEWS.. so are you promoting how you're failing or how ur a liar? #inconvinientFake #convinientFact #DonTheCon #maga
Let's get her done!!!
I thought you said "failing" Washington Post was "fake news". I'm getting whiplash....
Trump is President, however it's President Obama's policies that are still in effect!
I thought @washingtonpost was fake news, im confused
Me too. He changes his mind like we turn pages to read uhg
Obama started it. You give no direction to the generals! You have no clue what's going on Let's be honest! Oh I forgot who I was talking too
All due respect Mr. President, BULLSHIT!
Tell that to all those that have been wounded or died
Too bad you didn't go to Vietnam or we would have won that one too #impeach45
OBAMA WAS BETTER
He is a leader and not afraid of killing some of his relatives in an isis attack, unlike his predecessor. Markets & jobs up isis down 
Fire and fury ,Kim knows you are a Liar and he knows you will not act on your lies
ISIS war is not over no mission accomplished your insecure desire to seem important while accomplishing almost nothing makes you look weak.
Ohhh. More fake news. I get it.
sure syria and afghanistan may be weakening but the stronghold of isis in indonesia is growing or don't you know about that #morons
So--according to you, his is #fakenews right? RIGHT?! #weakIMPOTUS
Good! This people are blot on humanity since ages.
um what gains? you have done nothing but kill women and children, not what i would call a gain
http://www.snopes.com/trumps-grandfather-bavaria-deport/ … We let his family into US
And with our Natural ally against Islamic Terror Russia. Don't let the gloablista wedge against Russia. I don't want war with the Russians.
now you cite to WP? appears fake news is any news that is critical of you, your inane tweets and abysmal handling of ... everything.
LIAR. FAKE NEWS! #MentallyDeranged #MentalDisorder #TrumpsBitch
I never get tired of hearing the good news about victories in the war on terror, though we've been hearing the same stories for 16 years.
