Art of the 'Feal' #RuinABookTitleInOneLetter
I guess that's 'Feel', Laura, but we all know what you mean. I'm sure most women are revolted by Trump. Amazed any voted for him.
You could only change one letter...
Sorry. I didn't read close enough. We're headed the right direction. RESIST. You're totally too pretty to leave alone in a room w/ Don. lol

So basically, Lee, Harvey victims will never see a cent from Trump if his past is any indication of his future. Ridiculous!
I'll believe it when I see it, and wonder if it's a tax writeoff...he IS a proven multiple liar..you DO accept that don't you? That he lies
Lee, Trump is nothing BUT a liar. lol
HEHEHE
This lady needs Jesus. I'm just saying.
All Trump's admin needs Christ, Justice--starting with Trump.
You are correct his name is Jesus Christ.  Trump and his administration are really cold hearted soulless people and they care only for self
I know, Arpit. The Trump circus just goes from town to town, doesn't it? lol I mean it leaves you speechless after awhile; #trainwreck.

omg Mr. This is hilarious!
petco is raising 2.3 million for Harvey Relief. Can you match that @realDonaldTrump  Trumpster ?
Wayne, Trump said he donated 1 million already--but remember his past donations? lol He never paid his last donations. Trump is CAGEY. lol
FYI Kellyann - You have the MAJORITY in Congress. POTUS too. Why would you have  problems funding it?
Kim, they have problems because we elected a clown and now we're getting a circus. lol I'm waiting for the zoo.
Lol...I almost choked on my breakfast reading your tweet Mary Ann...what a joke and you honestly believe that...lmao
I know, MaryAnn. It's interesting to watch the Repubs choking on the truth on the shows. And frequently--they just can't get the truth out.
If she cant get past a loss & stand up & say "I lost" because I had no message or unable to bring the people together & I need to try harder
An antiquated system that, by the way, should have already been abolished. Trump is a joke who got lucky once.
538 total electoral he won 306? 270 needed? Way over what was needed? You are defending fraudulent voting which was proven as FACTS in 2016?
The only push we want to see from you is over a tall cliff.
RT @FoxNews: .@KellyannePolls on Harvey recovery: We hope when it comes to basic Hurricane Harvey funding that we can re...
Luckily this administration has spent so much time working to unite our country that there should be no concern about partasin obstructions.
lol. OMG Stacy--I'm laughing out loud here. Hilarious.
We have seen so much money come from the left and very little from the right so far.  How about Trump donating some of his laundered money?
Roflmao
But the Tax Bill takes away deductions for losses experienced via Hurricanes (Florida & Houston Texas) & Fires California. All so Billionaires can have more money?!?
I can't imagine democrats denying funding like pence did for Katrina
State run NEWS   LIKE RUSSIA. BULL SHIT NEW#CRAP NEW#
Nothing you people do is nonpartisan. Step down KellyAnn. Climate change should be just as important as anything or we won't have earth
Yes, it's called the millions of Americans donating money AND time. What a stupid thing to say.   This isnt politics, this is real life.
I am retired and we donate .
Why isn't any one covering the fires in Montana?
Or the #OregonFires #WashingtonFires #CaliforniaFires  #DonTheCon enjoys suffering of Blue states. Bad. #MontanaFires #KellyanneConman
The executive cannot spend federal money... only congress. Trump is unable to "work and play well with others" his pledges are hot air.
Most Dems are too busy with their destruction and helping "NOT" to make America strong and great again, they can't be trusted to do dif
Spoken like a true Republican, Janet, but who doesn't love Betty Boop? Trump's presidency has been a cartoon so this is appropriate. lol
U.S. Congress needs to do their jobs!!!  Eh?  
Isn't the GOP trying to cut $1 billion from disaster relief funds to build some stupid wall?
Hard for the White House to bring everyone together in nonpartisan agreement when it's bent on division + attack even during the Hurricane
Bad News for Trump even from #fakenews Fox state propaganda

Majority say Trump is "tearing the country apart"
Maybe Trump should assess needs + compile a coherent response

Instead of exploiting Disaster for his own personal profit - selling hats
Trump left disaster - for Campaign Rally to attack Dem Senators and pimp tax cuts for himself + his rich buddies

How Non-partisan!
Yes the hats are made in China

Proceeds to Trump "Campaign" (pays Trump + his lawyers) + the RNC

(only last stitching done in US)
Shameful Trump brags about crowd size?  Of people displaced from their homes by natural disaster?
More bad news for #FailingTrump from #fakenews Fox poll

Strong Majority disapproves of Trump
Is it "Non-Partisan" to cut disaster recovery - to fund a border wall?
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/congress/source-says-trump-hill-leaders-to-meet-next-wednesday/2017/08/30/fb369e50-8d8b-11e7-9c53-6a169beb0953_story.html …
https://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2017/08/30/us/politics/ap-us-trump-climate-change-harvey.html?mcubz=0 …
@realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls Use the money for the wall!
Heard bill and HRC got a hurricane fund all funds go directly to them! Donate cash guys lmao CROOKS
You have no idea what you're doing. Trump Family Russian Collusion and money laundering scandals WILL NOT JUST GO AWAY! Hell no!
You know the left is completely deranged when they were willing to vote for this POS!
Nonpartisan push to rebuild sustainably reusing materials for energy and water efficient homes and act on climate change @potus #hervey
Your buddy Ted Cruz wasn't nonpartisan when it came to voting for hurricane Sandy funding. Pay back time???
We can't let this become a financial disaster for the next generation. No to funding.
Here's hoping 45 actually honors his pledge of $1million. He doesn't have the best track record of paying off his pledges.
Oh the basic hurricane?
That was when Arpaio was 
Pardoned right??
Dueling ratings 
Hard to keep track....
@KellyannePolls Never happen Kellyann. The Dems will never help the USA. They can't steal as much now as they could under obuma.
That's a really dumb statement by @KellyannePolls The damn Hurricane is still active and she's throwing politics into the narrative.
The majority of congressmen that have voted no in the past were GOP and this is a red state and an oil town so I'm sure they will say yes.
So how much of YOUR money are you donating to #HurricaneHarveyRelief ??? I'm betting ZERO. #ImpeachTrump #FakePresident #LiarInChief #LIAR
No, Dawn, Trump donated 1 million of his own money--problem is, Harvey victims may never collect from him. He's welched on other donations.
Yeah...we hoped for that after Hurricane Sandy but, the Right disappointed. #KellyAnneDoSomethingAboutThatHair
Perhaps
This is a mere short term solution. Other monster hurricanes can and will strike the region. What are plans for them?
Hey KellyAnne, talk to your people about partisan crazy  They are the kings of it.
U mean like they did w/ Sandy or Katrina. WOW UR standards sure change w/ whose in office. B nice if U had a CONSTANT STANDARD U know ETHICS
Maybe @realDonaldTrump shouldn't have defunded @fema right before hurricane season. Faux news ignores facts again.
Accountability must be forthright in all proceeds for assistance Sir. Many will come for their own financial rescue Mr President.
Wait, Kellyanne Conjob hasn't been fired yet? Or maybe she was but is ignoring it because she is viewing it as #AltFacts ? #DumpTrump
Donald Trump
Hurricane is good luck for Obama again- he will buy the election by handing out billions of dollars.
Here's Wed's "[Newark] Star-Ledger" op-ed on NJ lawmakers' vote to aid Texans:  http://www.nj.com/opinion/index.ssf/2017/08/texas_lawmakers_voted_against_our_disaster_aid_but.html … Well, that's the official line here.
"we don't hold grudges" & Rep. P. King [R-NY]: "One bad turn doesn't deserve another." / But privately, NJ/NYers say "screw you, Texas GOP!"


Then drop the funding of that stoopid wall
What funding? Mexico is paying for wall
Jesus...
DR.Trump NOW CONTROLS ALL DR.S-  CDC Opioid Guidelines Violate Standards Of Science Research-OUR PAIN ISNT ENOUGH https://www.acsh.org/news/2017/03/25/cdc-opioid-guidelines-violate-standards-science-research-11050 …
As non partisan as Sandy relief, right
She makes me gag.
So that means they no longer want Trump's proposed budget?
The hyper-partisan club asking for cooperation?  Hopefully the Republican Party can figure out this priority instead of your wall.
Oh you mean not like when the repubs voted against funding for Sandy...
Our blessed to president Trump donated 1 million dollars

Go President Trump! 
You got more money than God. Go fund it yourself. Get the one's who created it to pay for it. We have no money.
Dismantle DACA please
Looks like Fox News has better make-up people, though. Most of the wrinkles gained by gravitational spin trying to lie through Donny's
It's too bad the rest of your agenda is to dismiss all possibility for nonpartisanship in America
Only if your boss agrees to drop the idiotic US Mexican wall. Wasted effort otherwise
Yes, we hope Republicans will understand how government is supposed to work.
She just instigated a partisan push with that derisive statement...#kellyiot
What? Democrats always want to help in times like these. It was the whole Texas crowd who voted against Sandy relief.
Money gotta come from somewhere.

Guess you ain't gonna #BuildTheWall
Sell a hat or 2
Let's let DimWItDonnie shut down and defund a few more programs.
RickiePerry can blow on it and make it better I'm sure but he will need...
Parasites!
Did sha actually say basic?
I dont know if there was a hurricane after obama shouts water over water poluted by farming runoff and pesticides. Standing rocks a big farm
As long as you keep the pork out of it, no border wall$$, no tax cuts for 250K+. And Conway goes A-way.
Print more money. It's what you all waste the best.
Trump's executive order to blame for how bad Harvey was.

So very stupid!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ol course it will be bipartisan.  Our country cares about each other.
Well duh. It was REPUBLICANS that refused proper funding for Hurricane Sandy victims. Many homes still not properly rebuilt.
I hope so
Kelly Anne Conway looked the best I have ever seen her tonight on Fox. EXCELLENT! The makeover and hair extensions made her look so young!
cruella and the 3 stooges - what a team of garbage distributors,
Hey Big Tex--let's hear it again for no planning--no zoning--fuck flood control etc
@realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls Global warning

The new left wing word " Dreamer " romantic isn't it? Dream 
  you are a U.S. citizen, even though you are not then you can stay!

Her face is a disaster
Really hope Republicans won't obstruct hurricane relief AGAIN!  After Sandy and Katrina, who knows? Maybe DON'T cut @fema funding? #Houston
It's a shame the GOP didn't feel that way after super storm Sandy.
The master of stirring partisanship is pleading for unity?  Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Oh I hope so, but I doubt it.
Wouldn't count on it. These hacks want Trump to fail so bad even at the expense of the American people. DEEP STATE IS EVIL!
Whys that table there. Why cant we see their shoes. Its a CONSPIRACY
FOX=FAKE NEWS!
We can only hope that the Republicans & Trump will allow for money to be used to help hurricane victims.
Socialism is wonderful.
Unlike the Sandy hurricane, where the ones with their hands out now said no? We have compassion, but we don't forget, either.

Trump's Gallup approval rating is down to 34%, lower than Ike, JFK, LBJ, Ford, Reagan, Clinton or Obama ever had during their presidencies. 
Great job to all the Trump people
Show the money. Stop cutting already existing funds. These people will need help for yrs on things you've already dumped with exec  order
FYI: Dems aren't the party  w/are cutting a billion dollars in funding to FEMA to pay for a racist wall that won't work.
That's Republicans.
99% of US scientists say We need to take action as Global warming is here now !! Trump says it fake Who do you believe??
Yeah...like Cruz & others from Tx were so non-partisan when it came to Hurricane Sandy aid??  HYPOCRITES, all of you Republicans.
Because Pence, Cruz & Republicans denied funds before. Not many countries sending aid over the unfit.
You would have thought that when Sandy hit East Coast too. But you'd be wrong. Bc assholes like Cruz and Cornyn opposed relief there.
We hope someone pushes Kellyanne off the end of pier.
I am hoping for a non partisan push of you off a tall building. It doesn't even have to be fatal. Mailed for life would work too.
Ha. From FOX News.
lol. Kellyanne looks like a Fox News mascot, doesn't she? lol
So that's why republicans want to take 1 billion from disaster relief fund to build the wall
It was then congressman pence who argued against Katrina relief so cut the you hope it's non Parisian bullshit.

Poor corky mommy did love you enough so you must degrade women. Sad piece your are. Prayers for your family
Wow bashing me, harassing me. Degrading women. Prayers. Peace out
Please stop harassing me
This person posting nude photos and I find it to be degrading to all women.... please stop harassing me
Not if 45 ties wall funding to it! Clean recovery bill = bipartisan approval.
Get off the XANAX Kellyanne. Get real, if possible..
"We hope the Democrats will behave honorably even though @tedcruz and other Republicans screwed over ppl hurt by Hurricane Sandy."
Looked for all your outraged tweets during Superstorm Sandy when Cruz & Reps denied funding to the ppl...I found none. Weird?
Just like we got for relief from Sandy. Right?
That BILL HAD ADDITION "PORK" $ IN THAT BILL FOR REPAIRS ON GOV BLDG IN EASHIGTON, D.C. RUMORS AREJUST TBAT. RUMOR'S
Well, that's what Sen. Cruz says. But did he introduce a "clean" bill as an alternative? No. So it wasn't really about "pork".
Never RESOLVED W/ O BA MA
so now that a white guy is in office again #Gop is all for aid package, but when it was #Obama with Sandy #GOP was like NOOOOO!
Because there was PORK.The sandy bill had gov blog's repairs in D.C. Your source is "selective", or, one's continuing a rumer
It's spelled rumor.  Just stop with the fake news and rumors crap.  It's really ridiculous
Yeah, kinda like Ted Cruz was against relief funding for New York and New Jersey .... good luck with that @realDonaldTrump
We are the real DREAMERS.We can only hope that the radical left, socialist, democrats that purvey propaganda, anti Trump/actuating anti US
I'm sure the Democrats will fully support it, as long as the don't tie in some nonsense on the same bill.  #MuellerHurryUp  #RESIST
So hang on! You mean big government?
Class and trash ,hmmm !
Ewwww
GOP 2012: "No we won't fund hurricane Sandy."
GOP 2017: "We need bipartisan funding for hurricane Harvey"
Even in tragedy and devastation, obstructionists will refuse to support the Sanctity of Life. They're incapable of doing the Greater Good!
How about relying on your boss not shutting down the govt to build his #fuckingwall so they get funding! #lame #heartless #whatamess
Why exactly are you against National Security?
Usually the GOP that throws a wrench into this sort of thing.
So tell me about how this is a lie?   http://www.rawstory.com/2017/08/trump-pledged-1-million-but-hurricane-sandy-survivors-are-still-waiting-on-his-pledge/amp/ …
Can't believe their trying to make the hurricane a political issue.  Oh wait ... yes I can.  It's Faux after all.
#TrumpRussia 
#TrumpRussiaCollusion 
#TrumpMoneyLaundering
#trumpCrimeFamily 
#TrumpObstructed
#GOPcollusion
#PenceKnew
#RyanKnew
#Mueller
All true,i hope dems pull their shit together&get a platform 2 run on soon.We CAN'T lose again.Please remember, Republican cheat, this time!
I hope that too...although its still a LITTLE too soon 2 show our hand yet.
We got this.

Hell, #GOP is so complicit ANYTHING's a step UP!
Impeach this MF already.
We can rely on a non-partisan push from democrats. I can tell you that.
Lol what kind of shoes are those news ppl wearing. IT MAKES A DIFFERENCE
Well the two idiot senator who pushed against funding for the other hurricanes are singing a different tune now. All hypocrites 
Would you consider it partisan to tie Harvey funding to increasing the debt ceiling? Isn't that what your dummy president wants to do? Clown
Fox News is the number one fake news station
We remember how you voted on #HurricaneSandy, @tedcruz
GREAT to have the BEST PRESIDENT EVER! 
Let us see ANY OTHER politician who donates unabashedly a cool million for Harvey relief. 
So proud!
Just pledged.  Hadn't donated yet.   Probably will back out like he's done in the past.
