.@LaraLeaTrump & I are excited to announce that we are adding a boy to #TeamTrump in September. It's been an amazing year. We are blessed! 
@realDonaldTrump please try to do something to stop bombing in Syria while you are happy in adding a boy to Trump team
congrats donny, the FBI just called you a liar. Which is not fake news.
Congratulations!
Great another trump to mooch off of American tax dollars.
@EricTrump @LaraLeaTrump  Your children wonderful
Congratulations Eric and Lara! I hope you have a healthy baby boy! God bless!
Congratulations.
Congratulations Eric &amp; Lara. Very proud and happy for the two of you! https://twitter.com/erictrump/status/843854763825528832 …...
Poor baby.
ill help you build the wall ...Hillary grabbed my ass
Now you see? Pride in children & grandchildren is appropriate. Not Supreme Court Justices. And you don't just give your kids jobs in govt.
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
Congratulations love all of you. Ignore the haters
Turkey Baster job. No doubt....
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE "BEST" FIRST FAMILY!  America is proud again, finally! 
Another distraction. Nice try. RUSSIA
Poor Lara. She got the ugly one. Oh well--nothing a few bucks won't fix. 
Great. Just what the world needs---another trump. Ugh
Congratulations and God speed.  But please don't raise him in the mirror of his grandfather, who is a pathological liar.
Is that your child too? Many think that Ivanka's are actually your children. Not your grandchildren.
ThePrivilegedRich. No one cares.. @PPact @PPFA @EricTrump Planned Parenthood will be re-instated as soon as we #impeachtrump @cnn @nytimes
praying for that kid as he has to live with such people
Congratulations! Mr. President, you are truly blessed with incredibly beautiful family!  Pray for your and their safety, every single day!
Help @EricTrump and @LaraLeaTrump choose a baby name! 
Here is their short list:
@EricTrump @LaraLeaTrump Congrats Gramps!! Another excellent reason 2 Make America Great Again!!!
I think my unwanted house mouse has had a baby, as there now seems to be two of 'em. I'll pass on your congraulations.
- Abortion please - think of the puke factor.
- Did Eric shot another Lion in Africa?
But what about that poor baby? Having morally corrupt parents who never worked for their money and LIE constantly. SAD SAD!
What a disaster, more and more trump maffiosi
You must have bumped "Tweet" before you were able to finish "Very proud and happy for the two of you that it's a boy!"
How exciting! What made up position does he get at the White House?
congratulations Eric and Lara
Thank you for the job your doing 
@realDonaldTrump
yeah, and they'll be dead along with everyone else due to your incompetence, selfishness and evil tendencies
BLESSINGS ERIC & LARA/  ON THE LITTLE LAMB, CONGRATS!  2 EVERYONE INCL. US!/ OH!  HAPPY DAYS!
@meklove  Another mouth of greed.
better run to planned parenthood while abortions are still legal. Just saying, you really want another trump evil spawn?
AMERICAN PSYCHOPATH
@EricTrump @LaraLeaTrump
no one gives a fuck
Latina 4 TRUMP!!!...Cool!!!..more is better!!..We LOVE THE TRUMP Family!!!
GROSS. More spawn.
Congratulations to Eric and Lara. You people should be ashamed of yourselves!! And btw Hillary should already be in Jail.
How disgusting
this is what we call #fakenews
Congratulations 
Great another Trump, this is why we need abortion.
@EricTrump @LaraLeaTrump trump you are big 
yay more people for secret service to guard.
CONGRATULATIONS !!!!  Babies in the White House. WONDERFUL THING.
pg 218“The Art of the Deal” “As far as I’m concerned, a deal is a deal, and I live up to what I’ve agreed to,”HRC 4 Prison
American Psycho
yay! another damaged Trump.
Awwh congrats  grandpa best wishes
Aww, it’s so cute when you try to talk about things you don’t understand.
Glad your daughter in law will have maternity care coverage
Yada yada yada!!
This is awesome news. Congratulations to you all.
I am also very proud and happy for you two
I really like your sayings
oh no another one
failure
but will they visit you in your orange suite??

The Leftist Libturds are so full of hate and bitterness. Most of them don't realize it's toward themselves.
@JudgeJeanine are they having a beautiful human being or building a machine?
♡ ♡ congratulations first family. ♡♡
Oh great, another trophy hunter.
if u send me 100 k i vote for u next term  just pay my bills we are even
poor child.
Would she have had her maternity rights taken away from her as well?
Just what we need, another trump in this world
Wonderful news.  Congrats, @EricTrump and Lara!
That's really what this world needs if another TDUMP
Another spawn of Satan.
No more Trumps, abort a baby that is likely to be CRAZIER than it's granddad. Mentally disturbed minimally.
I hope that poor baby looks like it's mother...
congrats to you sir.
do you know who's not blessed everyone who had to see this picture
Great, just great... There's gonna be another one of you to poison the world now? GREAT. S. M. H. *barf* 
Gross. The world needs no more Trumps.
fuggggggg
congrats grandpa
Stop breeding for fucks sake!
Congratulations Eric &Lara
#badhairday
Will it be human or Neanderthal?
nobody gives a fuck
Great, another narcissistic tRump! Please stop cursing children by bringing them into the tRump family!
Lara is my favorite after Ivanka .
"Impeachment" is in the air...everywhere you look around.
But she's SKIING in Aspen? 
So proud of you Mr. President and your family .
Three. The fetus is HUMAN. 
think your genes should be preserved? It may lose its "unique "value if so many little trumps are made.
... ugly family. Inside and out. Greed..
@ReversingASD CONGRATULATIONS 
gross pigs.
PIGS.
.
pigz.
sad.
oh joy, another obnoxious trump on the way.
JUST WHAT WE NEED ANOTHER F#CKING TRUMP
EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
poisoned, diseases genes.


congratulations to your kids and you. Good job family. Lots of love thete.
great job of getting your daughter a west wing office. #nepotism #1967 #rulesareforpoortaxpayers #cockwizard
Congratulations. Your grandchildren won't have fresh water, ocean fish, and only burning deserts? Need EPA & regs, please.
congratulations for being a loser
why are you folks allowed to breed?
"This all must end!" Kay Corleone/"Godfather"
Congratulations! Just what the world needs-another baby Hitler
are you going to cut off its tail and horns?
who's the Daddy?
.       Dumb bunny and beach bunny make baby bunny.  Some gene pools shouldnt be allowed to multiply
seguro es hijo de Putin!
Yes - another Stepford Trump - sad.

#TrumpALZHEMIERSSecret: Trump Mental Issues. 
who cares really
congrats to you all.. more little ones around white house.. fun..
EW. Gary Busey must be giddy.
how much will we have to pay of our EARNED tax dollars for this?  they'll need secret service for lux vaca to celebrate
Ruining the planet for your grand children.  You should be ashamed. I would never let you visit, if I was their parent.
how does it feel to be losing all the time no Trumpcare, no ban twice. Wall get a gofundme page I'm not paying.
congrsts
At least skankary isn't president.

that poor kid!


please spay and neuter your spawn to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  #MAGA
KUDOS AND CONGRATS TO ERIC, LARA, FLOTUS AND YOU SIR. GOD BLESS THEM ALWAYS.
Congratulations to you both, can you please name him after our 45th President? Donald John Trump the third?  Love my POTUS!
@EricTrump No your not blessed your rich! And for the majority of the US it has not been a good year!
feel sorry for the boy who's gonna get bullied the shit out of him
Oh boy. Great!  another one to add to the list of killers of majestic creatures on this planet!!
