We are very proud of Gorsuch and our new president!
God Bless Pres Trump! Pray 4 him & our country. Support POTUS
You do realize that @crehage is a satire account that crucifies Trump. U retweet him thinking he's serious. Good God, where is your brain?
I'm just curious.  Which part of a dramatically improving economy, more jobs and a stronger military was Russia after in backing Trump?
The only dramatic thing has been abject failure. He is a tool of Putin. Part of Global Gangster Capitalism w/billionaires & corporations
Growing economic job growth stronger military how is he tool ? Just curious..
Hey tRUMP, in four years when ur in jail, you can watch the Democrat prez put the next three SCOTUS judges in place with NUCLEAR OPTION.
It will be before 4 years. More like by the end of this year
I'm trusting that he'll be fair and we'll all work together as we should be doing in our country!
We will never ever support this traitor who colluded with Russia. You are a fool for doing so.
Christoph Rehage  please find meaning in your life to do good to help others instead of always tearing people down. You will be much happier
Yet you follow a false Christian. There are none so blind as those who cannot see
please stop the cops from killing. Please.
Like he cares. C'mon
are you for reAL.
You are a man of purpose and I thank God for you each and every day
In your eyes that's what you see-In my eyes-he's a gift-One I will gladly accept-He will make mistakes along the way but I know he cares.
Will you wear a MAGA so your Do won't blow up in the wind!? So Presidential! 
I've said it b/f - it's nature's revenge for all the lousy environmental policies DT has enacted.
When he was running I always wondered how he would do anything Presidential outside since he always had to wear a baseball hat!
And tape down his ties!! 
I hope they staple that orange shit down tomorrow!
You don't understand how apologies work. Let me help: "I'm sorry I inflicted Judge Gorsuch on you."

See the difference?
He doesn't deserve the seat. The @GOP @SenateGOP cheated to put him there.
Golf break?
Bitte  Frieden für alle Menschen und Völker erarbeiten ! 
I'll be in bed, sorry Donald

HE WILL NOT BE ABLE TO SAVE YOU FROM IMPEACHMENT. WILL YOU BE ANNOUNCING THE DATE AND TIME OFTHAT AHEAD OF THE EVENT AS WELL OR RESIGNING?

Someone under investigation by the @FBI shouldn't be nominating Supreme Court judges.
Innocent until proven guilty in our United States. You know, the "American Way" you are supposedly protecting by trying to resist Trump?
He isn't Merrick Garland
He's better
GREAT ACHIEVEMENT DWARFED BY IMPULSIVESYRIA WHEN REBELS STAGED IDLIB INCIDENT BLACK SPOT IN POTUSREMOVE KUSHNER FROM LIFE&DEATH DECISIONS
Very happy with this pick and will be very happy about the next THREE!!
I can't believe this day is coming. Now all we need is Ginseng replaced and possibly the Great justice Thomas to retire for a young justice
That's a shame. Will he though? And of course you are. Your lot lost (again) but decided to move the goalpost so you could 'win'. Villains.
I will say this: you're doing a fine job of leaving your grubby little fingerprints all over US politics. An unpleasant stain on history.
no that's obama
He is an excellent choice. I will be watching. Had to play dirty like the Dems.
Great choice  So proud of our President !!!
Only because Republicans didn't comply with fairness by the VOTE. Voting is the American way. Hilllary beat you by the vote count.
Very proud how the vile GOP blew up the Constitution to confirm a guy appointed by someone under investigation for treason. Karma is coming.
Gorsuch is going to be the downfall of our justice system
Now there's a real winner
Thank you Mr. President
Great pic he WIIL be a great Supreme  court Justice
The one GOOD thing you've done, so far. But, not very happy with how Senate handled it.
We love you and your doing good jobs! Keep going on with you all.
With a completely stolen seat.  Yay America.  Hope Comey escorts yoy and your family out of the WH house soon.
Why did trump hire Rex as Sec of State?  They had never met before. Rex has no experience for job. Is it because Rex is Putin's pal?  Oil 

Judge Asterisk will be ever tarnished from being appointed to a stolen seat while Trump is under FBI investigation for collusion with Russia
Make-believe land, common to the Left.
Leftism produces stupidity.
If you love the constitution so much, you must be outraged at the GOP for abdicating their duty to it.
GOP did not abdicate their Constitution duty. Dems twisting it.
If u love precedence so much, u must b outraged by Dems doing same prior.
Don't get it twisted. The reasons were much different on why and they didn't on a SCOTUS nom. With that said, yeah, I think it's BS 4 both
No, precisely the opposite. Dems have twisted this, at every turn (as they usually do). Biden in ?1992 pushed SCOTUS Garland-type denial.
sad
Not my president
so edgy it cuts
what?
You're proud that you stole a Supreme Court seat?
It ain't stealing, it was President Trumps pick when Obama tried to steal it. You must be so tired of losing.
No one is winning here besides the trump&co and the deep state
We should all put our differences aside and work together into saving America
All it took was republicans sacrificing the filibuster to fill a stolen seat. You and your cronies in the house/senate are the worst ever.
No one is proud of YOU tiny man baby. 34% approval rating, and monsters for judges n advisers.
Who cares you toupee wearing business bankrupt ass sludge bubble. Russian puppet. Your Yugoslavian beard won't even sleep with you anymore.
YES! What a GREAT day! America will FINALLY have a new Supreme Court Justice! After more than a YEAR of the Democrats BLOCKING the decision!
Good job getting him confirmed.
I didn't think it would be done.
come on, we need to do something about this!
Fewer and fewer and people are proud of you with each passing day.
Opinion
Fact, if your read the polls. Even Fox shows him trending down
We don't follow polls because they were worse before elections and we elected him nonetheless
Or facts. Believe me, I'm aware!
Line up talent for the job ahead. I think Ivanka has got great talent. Think big do big!
Awesome job.  Very good executive decisions today.  I donated lots of money today to the Republican committee.  I am all in now.
Judge Gorsuch will be sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House on Monday at 11:00 A.M. He will be a great Justice....
Thank you for all your hard work Mr President Trump
Trump Gorsuch is not & accomplishment like ur infomercial on Syria ur first 100 days are still a failure ur still the most hated president

#Trump100DaysFail it took Republicans 421 days to replace Supreme Court Justice Scalia, not 79 days, a #TrumpLiesMatter 533% error. 
Are you proud of lying about releasing your tax returns as promised?
Are you proud of advocating for an economic system that has failed all over the world and been associated with censorship and genocide?
Do pay attention. We advocate socialism. Not capitalism.
Are you tweeting from a socialist country?  Please move to one.
Well said!
They're probably tweeting from an overpriced computer or smartphone via a platform developed by American business people and engineers
Which is still better than tweeting from your posh resort while playing golf (again)claiming you would be too busy to golf if president
Did Obama play golf?
Seat was stolen. He's illegitimate and so are you
Kindly keep your pathetic comments to yourself. Epic failure @nypost Sorry Dan, he's our President. Don't like him, LEAVE
Aw, you don't like my comments? Do you need a safe space?
Thanks that was 
No minorities in your neighborhood to heckle? No little brown and black kids to train ur kids to hate? Well, get to it and leave the man be
you're virtue signaling hyperbole is disgusting and weak. Do better.
No.
why i donot see my reply
Amen
Not a prophet, but I predict he will indeed be a great and fair justice. Great choice, Mr. President.
Congratulations from Sichuan province
I hope you're right! You keep getting rid of good people~KT McFarland-SteveBannon & now SebGorka~Remember, there's a higher power than you~
An example of the #FakeNews we've been enduring. They were trying to divide us, Linda. Very hard on all of us.
I thought that people under criminal FBI investigation weren't eligible to nominate a Supreme Court Justice?
Donald Trump is not a good judge of character despite his boastful lies that he is.. Judge Gorsuch plagiarizes just like Melania @FLOTUS
when again? 

Учи английский,лимита,твой коммент не в тему 
Твой аккаунт не в тему
За своим следи,придурок 
Выебнись уже как следует, а то 3 млн читателей не поймут...
Собаку свою учить будешь
Давай уже круче твит придумай, а то я спать скоро пойду от скуки. Напрягись, хоть раз в жизни уже что ли


@mike_pence Let's hear some tough talk back about this "crossing redlines" from Russia and Iran, peepee tape shut u up?
Thanks for saving SCOTUS. Now get the $Trillion of offshore U.S. Corp $ back to USA. 5 % tax on it. Build the wall w/ the $.
Yes!! Glad Gorsuch was finally sworn in!!
karma always has a way.  May you feel every karmic tooth.
Wtf is wrong with your brain
Another #hypocrisy. Attacking judges & their heritage. Remember? You cannot be trusted. U R a pathetic liar and con artist #ImpeachTrump NOW
Fake judge
That's what you think. But if you have anything to hide, he will be the judge of it.
President Stephen K. Bannon
He came in thru the backdoor..just like your policies, Donny..

In arizona poeple assume just because your brown your an illegal
Alot of native Americans out here brah
This is great,but you are letting your base down.The people who put you there.Defunding Planned Parenthood,Out of ME wars,building the wall
Wonder why ur Syria raid did nothing, u called them in advance and gave russian an syria head up! shocking u wasted 50 million & did nothing
Very proud of the him for being confirmed through extreme measures by a party whose own obstructionism came back to bite them!
Very proud of plagiarism skills! Just like his con artist selector! #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachGorsuch #russiagate
So you say. I'm sure he will be catering to your every whim bought & paid for 2 times & you will get your refund. Cant wait for AS 2 B Pres.

You and your band of thieves couldn't wait to rush this confirmation through.  You will be impeached soon.   What time is your tee time?
I understand American empire was ending...but like this? Drumpf adds insult to injury.
So, will he be a fair judge when it comes to finding out who Levashov, known as both “Peter the Great” and “Peter Severa,” that said help u
Stop playing golf and waste American tax payers money.
Your donation to nat'l park service was too small in comparison to what U wasted on your weekend golfing during your presidency so far.
Ooh Rah!!
R u proud that u cheated to get him in?? Congratulations!! Good job. Loser
I really like and admire President Trump and Pence and Haley, you are doing great things.  I wish that you were all here in Canada.
He will b a great associate justice ...
Judge "FASCISM FOREVER" GoSuck  will be sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House on Monday at 11:00 A.M. He will be a great mistake.
Like a daddy Donald ? What are you proud of him for ? Getting nominated and approved in a rigged senate . You truly are a fool
Whatever happened to your plan to drain the swamp?  Are you just hiring the swamp and putting them in your cabinet or Supreme Court?
You have no idea what you are talking about.
Great selection he is an honorable man thanks!
Sad day #Indivisible #CommonSense
Unless his name is Merrick Garland, he is #NotMyJustice
Jerk
A "stolen" SCOTUS Seat obtained by Mr. Obstructionist Mitch McConnell. A hollow win for you, a blemish in our Nation's history.
So now we have two accounts but the same tweets . Twitter is for marketing not to fuel fire @realDonaldTrump
Congratulations!
A President who shouldn't have been elected swearing in a Justice who shouldn't have been nominated. Truly historic.
You claim to be a lawyer, so you have respect for the law & our Constitution, don't you? Legal election
How is changing the rules to ram him through supposed to be good for the country? Or democracy? #thisisnotnormal #investigatetrump
It's about time, he is a good man, great choice Mr President.
Gorsuch is not a legitimate supreme Court Justice and you are not a legitimate president.
not legit.  Just like you
Don't forget that Dickless @realDonaldTrump is still illegitimate. He is NOT @POTUS & is a Squatter in our @Whitehouse. We support Hillary!!
You and the Republicans STOLE that seat from OBAMA and GARLAND!!  He is a ILLEGITIMATE JUSTICE as much as you are an ILLEGITIMATE POTUS!!!!!
I'm proud to have you as my president
another sad day for democracy in this country
Merrick Garland
STOLEN
Can I get you a thesaurus?
Illegitimate president  - what more could we expect than a stolen Supreme Court seat? Founding Fsthers rolling over in their graves
Just another crime against the American people. Make Russia a SuperPower Again. Trump plan
Maybe you're proud of him. No body is proud of you. You are a supreme embarrassment.
So glad he goes by the law
So long human rights!
A Great Day!

OH SHIT!
Trump Govt is an Oppressive Regime  ! #Tyrant  I wish a Plague upon your head !
#StolenSeat  you cheated to fill the seat.  Belongs to Garland!
You and your gop stole that seat for him.  You should be proud of yourself president Putin bannon
Just know, we know you cheated to get him there. You don't like the rules, so you change them. Your sickening.
中國共產黨是無神的，他們就是魔鬼的化身，他們是最邪惡的，你不在任內與全全反共產黨的聯盟一起推翻中國共產黨，中共是包藏禍心，他們是非常隱密的，他們會不斷的偷偷做大，等有把握了，就會反過來搞死你。
Congratulations.
A stolen seat is nothing to brag about.  Watch out for Ms. Karma.  You just added another reason to impeach you...
Picked by oligarchs, nominated by a president under FBI INVESTIGATIONS, voted by a rule change. Merrick garland's seat
Proud to have a judge that actually interprets law than to rule by the gavel launching activism efforts. One who stays judicial with law.
Trump has no balls

Sad day. I hope he surprises us all.
Person not mentioned in the videos and continued to cover up the murder of my wife Elva Mariza Hernandez Arce on Sunday March 23, 2003 in-
With all the crap going on now I'm not too sure what to believe from Mr Trump.
day 80 of a @realDonaldTrump presidency and he's managed to play golf 16 times, (possibly) start a war with Syria, and stole a Scotus seat
Why be proud of him? It's not like he earned it....
Judge GoSuck and President DonOld Dump in the rose garden, 2 more pricks.
Hope he shuts you done at every turn but I am sure you paid enough to change the rule
THIEF. The GOP STOLE that position. This judge is a right wing nut job and will sabotage the courts. The GOP are all THIEVES.  #THIEVES
We'll see. Let's see how he votes first!
Thank you sir!
He will b known as the judge that stole a true judges seat.Garland should have had that seat & people know that. IT WAS STOLEN FROM, HIM.
Too bad Judas Trump not many of us proud of you!
Illegitimate like you. show us your taxes Putin/bannon puppet
