Phase 2 exists only in your imagination. Do you think the congressional GOP is even remotely considering a second phase?
Tell me more about the future Chris
Of course. I would venture to suggest that, as time passes, entropy will increase.
In general but not in every particular, yes. But I was more interested about the near-future history of American legislation 
If you insist! ACA repeal/AHCA enactment will stall in the Senate (60%). FBI Director Comey will be fired (70%).
Astrology. It's a business
Maybe we could monetize it, applying an appropriate level of cynicism.
Wise people stick to predicting the past...
No, Just fuck Hatty.

Make Americans, Americans again!
Everyone is born with some sort of pre-existing condition... what's gonna give?? DO NOT REPLACE!! We are suffering because of Obama.. period
Big win in the House - very exciting!
But when everything comes together with the inclusion of Phase 2, we will have teuly great healthcare!
Big win in the House - very exciting! But when everything comes together with the inclusion of Phase 2, we will have tru...
I now know the secret contents of phase 2: get sick, die quickly.

great
You are a fool being dangled by the strings of selfish, sadistic, greedier fools. You are playing with the hearts and lives of millions. Sad
Teaching my kids to love America and hate liberalism!!  I have 1 voting republican and 1 more coming of age, ready to vote in 2018!!
@realDonaldTrump what were you thinking letting churches be more political! That will not end well for anyone. Do you ever stop and think?!
You want truly great healthcare then you want single payer, not this poor excuse for legislation, but then you don't care, do you Donald?
Republicans =
#repulsive
#egomaniacs
#disgraceful
#DEPLORABLES
#greedy
#selfish
#hateful

#AHCA #Trumpcare #Trump GOP #GOP #ImpeachTrump
There won't be a big win in the house come 2018!
You are clueless you probably even haven't read the bill like most of Congress.
So then why are you and they exempted from it??? Huh?? Why???
Good luck.
Universal coverage, single payer is truly great health care. You know, like the rest of the civilized world has

I'm from the UK we have great health care because we don't change our citizens to stay alive
as Senators now throw away your plan - that reps didn't read - 2 create a new plan once there R $s showing how your plan will kill millions
With Trumps healthcare, everyone will be covered.
Build the Wall now, expose all the Barack Husain obozo and Killary-Hillary crimes, put them and their cronies in prison!!
Your plan is an abomination that will SWEEP the Dems back in power in 2018 and 2020! You WILL LOSE if you take our healthcare away, BIGLY!
How can you pretend that?
The fact that you view it as a "win" when 24 million people are losing healthcare speaks to your pathological narcissism & lack of empathy.
Yesterday's vote imperils the lives of countless Americans - but all you care about is optics. You are a sick, sick person.
If he cared about optics, there would b no party. The list of pre-existing conditions r nothing 2 celebrate.
The optics for a narcissist are LOOKING like you're getting things done so your dipshit base says "See! Daddy's doing what he said!"
You will, that's right. And your rich friends will. But people who need it most won't anymore, and these people dying is on you!
"...truly great healthcare".  For the top one percent.  Rug-haired arse clown.
I agree w/ everything except "Big Win" and phase 2 will be voting those out in 2018 won voted 4 ACHA and phase 3, you out 1/20/2021
I also enjoy letting millions die its funny right?
It's "very exciting" to be putting people's health and lives at risk just so you could fuel your pathetic, fragile ego with a 'win'? Gross.
So telling that your bill classes rape & cancer as pre-existing conditions but erectile dysfunction isn't. Got your priorities sorted I see.
You don't care about anybody than yourself, your family, or a dude that can make you richer. Your administration will be a stain on history.
You mean the #ObamaStain
No, he doesn't mean that. Profile pic shows a baby. Good luck. Hope he/she has no pre-existings. If a girl, that is pre-existing.
He's a conservative. He doesn't need no stinking medecine for his baby. Even less vaccines. He only needs to pray for God cure.
My bad...that's right. Thank you for showing me the light. Amen and allejua. 
Well im going to die..
You and your party motherf%@kers have kept the great healthcare by having exemptions. Its the 24 million who will suffer just for tax breaks
Nope...ain't gonna happen....we know what u did.   How much was that tax cut?
Big win for insurance companies since phase 1 would allow them to deny coverage (or charge more) for pre-existing conditions.
Your Republic Senators didn't even read the bill, which is complete garbage. They will all lose seats in 2018. Sealed fates. Your gone too!
Great job. I read the bill and see how you will cover pre existing and use free market to bring prices down and service up. CNN is wrong
will anyone get to see what's in "phase 2" or will they just take your word that it's "truly great"

BS!!
This house passage is just PR 
It will not make it trough senate .
Big win for bad governance.  Hmmmm....is it really a win for voters?
This is an absolute lie.
When everything comes together you will be #impeach ed. #notmypresident
Ryan's driven by the wrong things. Don't encourage him. 
Thank you @POTUS for loving  and fighting for us against D.C.  #maga
Jali - NOW D.C. Is "against us" - u voted in some of them. Make up your mind if u can. Or u just love your hashtags? He LOVES himself only!
Can you read?? He's getting to corrupt OUT of D.C.  Thank god. The man loves our country. Simple.
Why I believe in Trump!
Please watch and Retweet #DonaldTrump #TrumpPence16 #MAGA 
Have you seen what happens to things Trump loves? He doesn't love America, he loves what America can do for him.
I guess that is why he works for no salary.
Really proud to be MyCountry your first destination abroad
 #MAGA #TrumpsVisitToSaudi
@Infographic_ksa 
 #MAGA #TrumpsVisitToSaudi
It's all about the money money money!
Isn't that what Obama was about?
Promise kept!  #MAGA
Hope u don't get grabbed by the p*ssy and raped coz that's under pre existing condition with trump care.
When you say "we" you mean you & your friends, right? Not the middle class and poor citizens, just "we" the rich. SAD. Evil. Mean.
Do you believe the $120 Million dollars a year allocated for Trump's family's personal use should go back to the citizens?
Never heard of this, you are pulling fake numbers out of the air? This is false, he isn't getting any money! Show some evidence! #trolling
What's the point? Idiots like you have the same access to Google too. But your only news source is Fox & Trump himself. That's idiotic.
He is on the "he can get my money " :)
Under this amendment, hikes in premiums for ppl w/:
Asthma: $4k
Diabetes: $5.5k
Pregnancy: $17k
Arthritis: $26k
Cancer: $140k!

Great one.
That's literally what Obamafear is
Can you explain what you mean?
Obama is in a death spiral and is costing America too much money
How is Obama in a death spiral/what does he have to do with the costings of the new healthcare bill?
No one knows the future you can only hope it cam get better than Obama care
It is literally the job of the administration to plan the future. This isn't a game of pot luck, for goodness sakes.
Obama literally went through some of the same shit Trump is but no one seems to remember that, passing a bill that no one wanted
Here's a list of preexisting conditions that aren't covered under the @AHCA.
Oh, sorry.
There was another page of conditions that aren't covered by the #AHCA.
So, if you have any of these conditions, under the #AHCA, you can be denied coverage at any time.

But these guys are covered.
Why are you trying to change Obamacare in the first place?
Oh.
Right.
If you have any of these pre-existing conditions, your ability to get health insurance is pretty much non-existent. Unless you are rich.
This is the real #AHCA.
There is actually a provision in the bill that says that 3 billion dollars will be saved because people DIE SOONER.
Preexisting conditions not covered:
Pregnancy
Rape
Breast Cancer
Preexisting conditions that ARE covered:
Erectile Dysfuncition
A rapist uses viagra to commit a crime. The victim gets a pre-existing condition while the rapist gets a refill. Govt sponsored misogyny.
You must mean single payer health care then!  Fabulous!! Convince the Repubs!    Impeach Trump!
What? You mean your One Payer plan. Dont be shy, come clean with it Prez. You love socialized healthcare. Your Australia HC comment showsit
And...WILL THAT BE TELEVISED? *I'll* watch...the ONLY time I'd watch you do ANYTHING! 
I don't know if you lie or if you're just stupid
LIER LIER LIER
#goaway @realDonaldTrump @POTUS #impeach45 #impeachtrump #notmypresident
Except for millions of people, pre-existing conditions, unemployed. How does a low income non-tax payer use a tax credit?
If it's so good, why aren't you, your family, administration, cabinet on it? You're a failure & fake, Donny! You belong in prison, blondie!
delusional to the last, u will be needing healthcare when u are fired. #fallingfast #loser
your bribes aren't going to "trickle down" the chain, Senate will NOT pass your joke #acha bc it's nothing but a joke
For you maybe but not for the hard working people
No. No we won't. I pray this never passes the Senate. You're a terrible human being.
Big win, like the size of his hands, Big. Can't wait for its death in the Senate
Truly great healthcare would be a single-payer system! We do need something like what Australia has!
You mean the real tax cuts that you have planned don't you?
Beware, they will call it Trumpcare.  Every time someone is shafted by an insurance company, they will blame YOU.
The first thing you could is make all fat cat politicians pay for health care like the rest of us, they get it for free.
You call discriminating against women, defunding special ed and axing mental health treatment exciting?  Of course you do. #acha
just lost my job because of your "big win". Can't wait to see you in handcuffs
only the survivors will. there won't be many.
and where are the controls on big pharma drug prices? On hospitals overcharges? Those are the real causes of health costs
I want the healthcare you dicks in Washington have !!! #gopdeathpanel #healthcare #theswampiscomingforyou
Loar
MY SINCERE AND DEEP CONGRATULATIONS MR PRESIDENT FOR YOUR EXCELLENT LEADERSHIP OF PERFORMANCE
What about the mandate? I had over half my income tax taken away from me bc I didn't pay 4 insurance, yet not on govt assistance. #nomandate
Been denied my social security 3 years I have 8 of the p/conditions n MS. No child r S.S. no coverage sir this scares me.
Phase 2 gonna give more tax breaks to the rich and kill the taxpayers even more? Read the damn plan!
I'll believe it when we see it. So far not so good.
#iampreexistingcondition #healthcare is a #right not a product.
Not only are you going to be known as the WORST president in history, but will be responsible for the worst healthcare catastrophe too!!
So...are all the DC politicians AND YOU covered by these same policies?  Or does money buy better insurance?
Lies
It is NOT a big win.  It IS a disastrous bill that merely just squeaked by in the House, and, the Senate will do it's job.
Haha!  Phase 2 ... Senate rewrites disasterius Repunlucanhouse health bill!  Lol
You're going about this all wrong. Stop trying to create a national healthcare plan. Regulate the insurance industry instead!
Nobody likes you

I want a national heath like The UK, Canada etc and I am NOT a socialist.
Do you have any idea what is in that plan? If you were asked any specifics about it, could you give details?
You're gonna have blood on your hands!!!
I'm concerned about what I'm hearing about costs for women and having their babies. Is it really going up 400%?
Is this a joke ? I supported you and you have failed me.
How can anything that you r behind be great? Of course cost must not be a concern, how can anyone pass legislation without knowing the cost
Remind me again what phase 1 was?
Your own GOP controlled senate won't even vote on it.
By the way do you even know where the White House is??? You where you are supposed to go to work!!
in Tanzania  we are welcome
You want to date your daughter
#AHCA  aka  #AbsentHealthCareAct  #ACA is #HealthCare. Obama got it right. You got it WRONG!
You are destroying 24 million lives. Guess you don't care about the people.
Yesterday's Rose Garden photo op:"Look mom- we just screwed half the country, especially women"!
If it's so great, then why is Congress opting out of the plan? If Congress doesn't want it, then The People don't want it.
Thank you for defunding planned parenthood no more blood money going to then and killing innocent babies
so, are we getting universal healthcare? your own words prove universal is great, why not use that here? oh wait, you won't get kickbacks
You have SCREWED up being President and embarrassed us all.  You are a joke
If this is a win to you, it explains why your destroying America & colluded with Russia........ YOU HATE this COUNTRY & its CITIZENS
One vote? Big win? The Senate is going to tromp your ridiculous plan and you know it. Let's see the victory lap then!
Trumpcare...phase 1!
Yeah a plan that will put more money in the pockets of the rich and deprive millions
Phase 2: Voting a Dem/Independent majority to replace Republicans in Congress in 2018, allowing healthcare to be restored & be single-payer.
Great news
We had truly great Healthcare before Obama. Free Marketplace the best. Get back to it
Has anyone informed you there are two legislative branches?
I'd love to know this guys IQ.....
Great for who? Everyone? Nope
You and the GOP decided the problem is Americans get too much healthcare. A rich man's tone deaf, out of touch perspective.
Convince yourself. America doesn't believe your lies
"By their fruits ye shall know them...What ye have done to the least of these..." Recognize those quotes or no since Putin didn't make them?
What is phase 2 ? Bet u have no idea about it  Ryan promised the GOP u would sign anything if he told u it would get you TV ratings
POTUS notes "erectile dysfunction" has been excluded as a preexisting condition not covered under the @AHCA. Correction demanded.
Thanks for screwing us working folks out of our time & a half OT pay. We already struggle our asses off just to make a living. Unbelievable!
You do understand how our government works, right? Your bill dies in the Senate. Stop wasting time on this, the majority doesn't want it!
You and your alter ego @potus TOGETHER do not have enough money to pay me to ever vote Republican again. 2018 see ya DJT    #TheResistance
You should be pissed @SpeakerRyan! It's trap!
What win!?!?!  A bunch of scared "Yes men" saying yes to something that hasn't a prayer to become law?
Such a full day of #Fakenews from #FakePOTUS  #ImpeachTrump #VoteNoAHCA
Oh, we get it!  You told holdouts to vote for unvetted bill so they could repeal, and fix the POS later!  You care about optics only!
We must repeal and repair. ￼
Vamos en camino al exito !
Phase 2 must be giving all your rich buddies tax cuts. Because Phase 1 was robbing the poor people.
Except for all old people or anyone with a #PreExistingCondition, which is every human on earth. #ImpeachTrump
Oh You ain't tweeting anymore!! Can tell!
Senate shot you down - exactly what a loser plan as Tecate should get.
Except you've already lost again. The senate isn't remotely considering the bill. So sad.
Dear @realDonaldTrump — I'm not tired of winning yet! Keep it up!
Phase two?  When you round up the old and the sick and gas them to death?  Wonderful.
If it ever happens.
Liar!
Yeah how can it be great?  Preexisting conditions need treatment
health care takes from the poor, the rich have been doing this from the start of time u should be ashamed clown what u leave for ur kids
Fucking LIAR!!!
Everything did not come together. When party lines remain divided, things are not together.
It'll cost millions for separate water fountains for people with "pre-existing illnesses". Why can't they use the ones for the "uninsured"?
This is how losers react when they are winning by 2 points in the first quarter, @SpeakerRyan @seanspicer #LoserPOTUS #FakePOTUS
Great job
I am so exited and thrilled. Thank you so much for this. I have severe ashma and other health issues and I know this will save lives. yes!!
Time will tell. You better hope all this greatness comes together before November 2018
How in Gods name do you sleep at night? How?
Praying for a complete success!!!  Hear our prayer O Lord!   Jesus I trust in You!   Amen
You say Obama care is imploding and you offer lower rates? Nothing comes for free Donald, what are we losing?

Donald Get All Elected Officials to Purchase their Own Health Insurance ..What's Good for the People Had To Be Good for Themselves Too !
If you weren't such a liar we might've tried to give you benefit of the doubt.Your word isn't worth 2 dead flys
PRAY Every Day for God's WISDOM to Reign in your life Me Prez! For HIS leadership to work through YOU & GUIDE YOU, & HE WILL! 
Taking away healthcare for millions---not  a good win.....duh!
