Your a joke thinking trump supporters are nazi ,so insulting to Jewish and other nationality who lost lives in that oppressive time.shame
I didn't call his supporters Nazi I called him a Nazi... get the difference? Only dictators hold rally's as siting commanders.
Still a ridiculous claim.dosent change my oppion in using the word "nazi".
Put everyone in a make america great again hat and sounds exactly like a trump rally to me... that's all I'm saying.
Fair point . Because you don't support the hat idea dosent mean ull be left out to a point that people think.grass is always greener.
All I'm trying to say is only dictators hold rally's.
I personally would of done what @realDonaldTrump did,why go to a black tie event to get unfairly criticised when you can be with the people.
Great rally and speech Mr President. My wife and I are proud of you for sticking to your campaign agenda and policies. You are doing great.
You mean all the broken promises? Confirmed collusion with Russia? Racist and ignorant comments? Conflicts of Interest? Still proud?
Did you know there are 50 states plus 16 territories. Why do you keep going back to the same swing states that you feel supported you!?!
Don't the rest of us matter?
Feeling truly terrified for you guys. And all of humanity. So mentally unstable, incompetent & dangerous
Yes make America great and keep out of War.U.S People don't want wars or tax spent on war.stop the war control and tax to war.
The campaign is over. Lots of empty seats#historic low approval
We Love you and your family and mr. Pence  and family what a good example for the US citizens & world to see.
PA is my home state, trying to make Colorado see the light now, big challenge as many Calif. fruits and nuts are moving in
Maga
Just sayin'...
There's more of us!
It was a desperate attempt to hide your fury at not being at the elite party. We all know you would sell Tiffany to be loved by them!
Did you get home from the rally and get into your tuxedo and make believe you were going to an after party?
It's sad that you're scared of the press that you have to go to your safe space, which is a rally full of KKK gang members. SAD!
How the hell are you going to defeat Isis when you're scared of journalist? Know who else didn't like reporters? Hitler...
You talk about not tolerating gang members, but when it's violent white groups like the KKK, you welcome them with open arms into your rally
Your worshippers cheer you on as you announced that you lied about Mexico paying for the wall, we are. You love stupid people don't you?
He refers to them as the "under-educated".  Sad!
Totally useless use of your time.  Why aren't you in DC, trying to accomplish something ??
More people watched Correspondance Dinner.
What a cowerd. You schould have been in washington #fuckfacevonclownstick
You avoided 150,000 protesters outside your front door to be stroked by a hand-picked few dozen drones. That's leadership!
Does little man feel all better today after having his boo boos kissed?
So far you only rally the base, many more Americans are not happy with you and your buzz words



You are playing the fairgrounds like some wash-up musician. e.g. Kid Rock, Ted Nugent. You lied about crowd size. Sad.
You are a divisive embarrassment. RESIGN.
Oh come on. Enough with these self-serving "rallies." The election is over! It's time to put on your big-boy pants and be our PRESIDENT!
No, it was the single most embarrassing presidential speech in the history of the union. Instead of focusing on the people, you focus on ego
You sounded like a wounded child striking out at the media. You don't get to dictate what the press writes, you get to work for the people.
Freedom of speech isn't an option, also not a reward, it is a fundamental cornerstone of functioning society. As a reminder you work for us.
Tell that to Antifa, the liberal group that is a cancer on our 1st Amendment rights
You're crowd was as small as your hands are! You're looking more and more desperate Donnie! Impeachment is coming for you!
Big, brave guy lashing out at the media in front of your cheerleaders when you were too much of a coward to go meet them in person. Loser.
The arena was partially empty, dummy
Empty seats at the Trump rally tonight. Trump said it was a record crowd. 
Why are you having rallies? How about working for ALL Americans. WTF do you have to rally about? You've accomplished nothing!
No a very high % of Americans don't have jobs. They will have no choice soon! Thank you President Trump!
Yeah!
Check out those Russian flags people were throwing.
#SundayMorning
#AmJoy
#TrumpRussia
Lots of empty seats at your "rally" yesterday.
#SundayMorning
#AMJoy 
#Trumprussia
Ask ron
Why is a sitting president holding "rallies"? It's un-American.
Oh, like Obama didn't campaign for 8 years straight?
I'm sorry Anerica. I am ashamed that I voted for him. I will not be doing that again in 4 yrs. Apologize to America. Answer for your crimes.
Thank you. You give me hope that we haven't completely lost our minds.
Youre welcome! Thanks to good Americans like you, who ask questions and seek truth, there is hope. This isnt about losing, its about truth.
I couldn't agree more.
The fact that you don't know that we're already great is a problem. Your idea of great is a party for yourself, AFTER the election is over.
We love President Trump!
That speech was sooooo 2016
You could have yelled "Bananas are purple" and the crowd would have cheered you. You only like sheep.
But remember...this isn't 2016 anymore. You are the President for all Americans. Not just those who can fit into an arena to see you.
Couldn't even attend the whitehouse correspondence dinner. What a !!
Please stop insulting dogs.
.No @realDonaldTrump ...just a sad bunch of conned #Trump'sters listening to a lying, insecure, attention-starved, sociopathic manbaby prez
Wow...U say "Dems have no power." Tell that t ur lying prez who blames all his failures on Dems. U t so conned & lied to! #Trump

Please for once try to say something intelligent instead of your usual cry baby bullshit.
Too bad you only pay attention to people who idolize you and ignor the majority of US citizens.
He could be so successful if only he would switch his target market. Isn't that what a good business man would do?
The target audience has to be receptive. Oh, and you have to also not be an obvious lying bastard. That helps.
I think most will accept if his lies were in favor of humanity
Right now he practically encourages beating up the less fortunate.
Practically? No, he is ACTIVLEY encouraging beating up the less fortunate.
Fair enough. Just makes me sick to my stomach to even write it. Shows how detached he is from my reality.
Yep. Reality is just another product for him to bankrupt.
Big excitement last night in the Great State of Pennsylvania! Fantastic crowd and people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!...
@POTUS I cried and cried throughout your speech.  You ARE the Man we Prayed to God to send us to Save Our Nation! Praying for You!
You dont nlknow why we had civil war? You have no business in our office!
Your Song America Great Again
kwilli1046 please re tweet to Our President
Fantastic crowd?? Unfortunately, there were MANY empty seats! SAD!
How much did you pay them?
In case you forgot the campaign is over and the wrong guy won.
A thousand rallies isn't going to change a damn thing!
Still sliding into the sewer
Veto the bloated Budget funding PPH, rest of lib causes
The other 80 hates you.  You have no courage to face your detractors.  Coward.  Sad.
How much did you pay them?
Was there a handfull again or did you pay them to participate?
MAGA: Make America Groan Again
Russia, Russia, Russia.  We are not distracted.  Naptime!
Still rallying even though you are already president?  Strange, Strange!
you are only 1/12 of the way through your presidency, stop campaigning and do WORK, that will get you more votes than useless campaigning
Playing to your base only alienates the rest of us and you need all of to govern well. But, I bet you just don't care. Sad.
just shows you how many stupid people there are in Pennsylvania. Sad.
whiny little baby-can't take a joke! Have to go get applause from minions rather than do what is expected of POTUS. SAD!
What a puss. Sure you spent every other second this weekend crying into your Trump® brand tissues because people are mean.
How much money did that rally cost? You won. Stop campaigning and start bringing this nation together.
I see your trying to once again call the press liars so that when the truth comes out about Russia your mindless followers won't believe it
No Crowded you need glasses
FAKE news.
Nope.
How much did you have to pay them to attend??  America was great before you, some people are just blinded by your promises/lies.
We start by getting rid of you and the Republican party.
The greatest threat to our or any democracy is having the media being an arm of one party which exists now in this country.
Stop campaigning. The world is in trouble and you are a terrible president. Pay attention
The attendance looked kinda small. Pep rallies seem like childish distractions while there is so much #Presidenting to be done.
Liar. No one was there.
you're a joke
For the love of god we do not want you
Was that before or after the Nazi's arrived?
All 4 it. When r u leaving?
We will in the next 3.5 years!
I can't believe how many ignorant comments about the President he is doing his job  love to the TRUMP family
#fakenews #LiarInChief #tweeterinchief #donthecon
we're working at it, you'll be golfing full time soon enough
#laughingatsessions

Tony Blair opened his heart out over being hated

http://www.libertyfighters.uk/world/tony-blair-opened-his-heart-out-over-being-hated/ … 
any one that has to put others down in order to make himself look better, knows they are a big old loser. SAD SICK
How many of those people did you pay to attend? Sad.
Don't break your arm patting yourself on the back...
Yawwwwwwnnnnnn.
You were just too much of a coward to go to the Correspondent's Dinner because your xxx-large ego cant take a joke !
The campaign is over! Get to work!
how
Russia, Russia, Russia.  We are not distracted.  Naptime!
you can MAGA by resigning.
For all your 'wealth', you are morally bankrupt. Ask someone to explain this Sir Walter Raleigh poem to you.
#Lies #Corruption #Hypocrisy
Two words: EMPTY SEATS.
So SAD how you need adoring (paid - FAKE) fans to cheer you on, w/approval ratings TANKING!!!
Rather than attending the White House Correspondence Dinner DJT attended a gathering hosted by the "WORLD IS FLAT SOCIETY" a.k.a HIS BASE!
Not going to make it GREAT AGAIN with NO WALL...or RESCINDING DACA! thanks for NOTHING...money for the BUTCHERS of babies though!
RUN COWARD RUN!
Stop campaigning and start leading damn it! Why is that so damn hard for you to wrap that head around.
I watched the rally in PA. You forgot to tell the audience you planned on raising their taxes by raising the gas tax.
Did you say Hi to your skinheads and Nazi friends while you were there?
Did you get a chance to see the HUGE crowd for the Climate March? Climate Change is real even if you delete the page from the EPAs website
Campaign is over. Time to get things done
Unbelievably too ignorant and stupid to preside over this country!  Impeach #45
Tiny crowd for Tiny Hands Trump.Bigly empty seats. SAD!
that is your only salvation - keep campaigning - you can't govern - your old man and his pals made you rich - bankruptcies galore - failure!
Make America old fat white men again. Oh, yippee
How many seats were available? Was it like innaguration? A sad and bad turnout? Stop your rallies or is the Job to hard?
Your ridiculous ego rallies remind me of Hitler. History will laugh at your ridiculous posturing and lies. Where are your taxes?
Nothing says "fantastic crowd" as empty seats...
Tons of excitement from a half empty crowd. Why are you already campaigning? You do know that you are already president, right?
I don't have any friends in PA, now I know why
Didn't anyone tell you the election is over?  Try to start WORKING!!!
Rental shoes will make America great again.  LOL!  Shoes too crappy to pay for.
Before You..America was great!  Now your slogan can be used honesty  But YOU cannot make it happen. YOU are ruining USA!!!
You. Are. The. POTUS. Quit campaigning & do your goddamn job. 
Or resign. 
Resigning would be better.
You are not running for president anymore ...you are the president dummy!
Yea biggest nazi rally this side of the Atlantic in decades. Thanks cheatO
do u actually believe aligning yourself with bully dictators will make u appear not appear impotent ? U r a weak pathetic excuse for person
Once again, you disgraced our nation by not attending the White House dinner, but chose to spend the time with your racist deplorables!
I think it's a real insult to hard working Americans to imply that America isn't currently great. But it can be even greater.
Big excitement last night at the WHCD! Fantastic crowd and people. (I was too chicken shit to show up.) MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Sir, you must stop campaigning, board up Southern White House and get chin deep into Healthcare and Tax Reform! Of you fail
Watched it and loved it
Hey!the election is over.What happened to the 100 million left over from money raised for campaign?Tax payer's money.
COWARD.  COWARD.  COWARD.  YELLOW STANDS FOR YOU.
Resign
you misspelled excrement...
Why did you have a big venue? The empty seats are extremely noted.
Pls stay as far away from my state as you can 
ya mean tell those people some LIES again? I think they are finally figuring out what a bunch of crap you are.
Oh my, still babbling!
It was a great speech! Huge turnout despite h8ers efforts. Your right to speak  agnst the press is 1st ammendment also!!!!!
thank you president Trump
VIRAL NoWALLNoVOTES @SpeakerRyan DONE OR TRUMP IS DONE. 2018 2020 @GOP #FireRyan OR DONE WITH ALL OF YOU @@freedomcaucus @POTUS @WhiteHouse
yes,amazing,preaching to your choir, they all go home and your probably laughing & mocking them because they hang on to your every word.
How much do you pay those rednecks?
Small crowd, tiny, like your hands, and apparently your brain.

Stephen stands up for @jdickerson, @prattprattpratt shows his moves, @neiltyson on physics & @TheRyanAdams #LSSC http://cbs.com/shows/the-late-show-with-stephen-colbert/video/0eDiRzl68S3TyaXqqpgHhVBHBSOqSulW/the-late-show-5-1-2017-chris-pratt-neil-degrasse-tyson-ryan-adams-/ … 
Catch-phrases only work before the election.

Only positive action SEEN keeps ANYONE in office.
Liar in chief!!You'll never be the leader you so desperately want to be!That would take knowledge, honesty and integrity.
What happened?  #BudgetFail
Unbelievable that you talked about the Swamp and that you would rather be the people well guess what you are the president of that swamp.
Stop lying brah.... no one was there....
Think about it Trump followers - he was born with a silver spoon in his mouth.  He wouldn't spit on you if you were on fire-!!  Wake up.
2,000 attending-big deal. 6,000 protesting. Wake up!
Hey snowflake in chief, lots of empty chairs lol
Honey, not all the rallies in the world can save you from your real enemy, which is yourself.
What, did you fall off the stage?
Lots of empty seats. LOTS.
Yeah!!! Let's make America great again...so if you're not Native get out!!
Obama went, but you can't, because you're a coward and #Snowflake #Coward  #CorrespondentsDinner
