thomas jefferson sent im the marines and muslem terrorist didnt bother us for 179 years
Look at that, 30 thousand retweets! Most likely by his moronic fan base.
You just hit yourself with a hammer trump
Thank you.
Donald, enough with the excuses already there are severe issues going on throughout the country. What does it take for you to do the job you were elected to do and fix it a court order or something? You need to be impeached.

the second amendment is the safest it will ever be thank you president trump
Fake news!
You are a cynical like no other after so, so many lives for lost, your comment is no help, no solace!
Trump knee jerk reaction on Barcelona

Repeat an internet hoax

to justify atrocities

Unfit

Fox:
After a week of equivocation

and false equivalence on domestic racist terrorism
Joint Chiefs show moral clarity in wake of Trump’s equivocation on racism
Sen Corker:

Trump hasn’t shown stability, competence or understanding.
Trump ignores right wing white supremacist terrorism

Anti-Defamation League:
Trump White House:  Minnesota mosque bombing might be “fake”
Trump knee jerk reaction on Philippines:  "terrorist attack"

Wrong - just robbery
Trump equivocation + false equivalence welcomed by neo-nazi racists

Aggggggg.
Desde que Obama se metio en el pais y desgraciadamente lo sacaron Presidente a desgraciado el Pais, debe estar euforico hay enjuiciarlo
USA is no more as most stupid man is president of this country 
bloody racist and terrorist thinking mind
Maybe u need to check that out. That myth has been totally debunked.
And where were you talking about radical domestic terrorism. No you weren't were you.
By the pricking of my thumbs/Something wicked this way comes. #Macbeth
#totallytruestory read a history book people!  This happened and will happen against soon #pigbloodbullets will b mandatory

Did you get your history degree from Trump University?
Why do you continue to perpetuate this fabrication about Gen Pershing? Don't you know the difference between fact and fiction you clown!!
Fake name....
Endorsing war crimes?
That story is FAKE NEWS!  Maybe try reading a middle school history book.
A complete fabrication. Never happened. Debunked endless by multiple fact checking sources. Read a book.
Fake News! You're not very good at this are you? Ask president bannon I'm sure he'll educate you
Looks like the only one who hasn't studied is YOU! #FatherofFakeNews #DelusionalDonald #PathologicalLiar #UnfitToLead #PresidentDumbAmerica
Study?.... That is so F'n laughable. This is the first and last time I'll ever waste my time on a comment here.
Nancy Pelosi wants all the statues of Confederates removed from the Capitol. Since all the slave owners were Democraps why not remove
All Democrats from the Capitol that way @POTUS could get some work done
That is Fake News!
What is wrong with you?
Islam is a major problem and people need to wake up and realise that read a Quran it's all in that book of hate and terror
Nice research on the facts Donnie Boy
False story.
Good joke mr trump haha 
Donald trump is the Godfather of america...!
He is a vile human being!
Study's for learners. Stick to your National Enquirer & worry about space aliens & how the sun revolves around you.
FYI repeating lies does not make them true.
"A competent leader can get efficient service from poor troops,while on the  contrary an incapable leader can demoralize the best of troops"
LIE, LIE,LIE,LIE!!!
Not true...one more lie of many.
Absolutely! What do the ones who are shocked by that propose instead? You can try to talk to them maybe , ha ha, how ridiculous.
#hairPOS!  :-) #LyingPOS  .... LIES!! .FAKE NEWS from the worst perpetrator of all - 1600!! .. Keep spreadingfakenews.  Don't stop tweeting.
... as it HASTENS your departure sooner! .. #vegasODDS you're GONE by xmas.  :-) (y)
How can you be so ignorant?! It has to be syphilitic dementia!
Yes, but what was done recently - sent to Guan. Bay & then set FREE!
Please go read a history book!!!
#ImpeachTrump
Not true. Again you need to study history. Plus you are promoting committing war crimes. You need to do your homework.
My God, please learn some history and how to separate fact from fiction.
Some #Pershing says : Moslems will not eat pork believing that no one could enter Paradise if there is a swine flesh in their bodies.
You make me sick. I never heard such garbage from a president since I've been alive.

Jeezes. It never happened. Get off the playground with you childish stories. #FakeNews
Wrong
More lies and twisting of truth! You are complicit!
What?
Lie.
Russia
Hey @jack, Twitter watched as Trump abused the service to spread falsehoods, and now he has nukes.

Time to suspend his account, no?
Twitter getting huge marketing boost fro Trump
Most liked tweet of all time @BarackObama so Twitter doesn't need Trump
@realDonaldTrump would sign an executive order to repeal that @BarackObama tweet if he could.
I think you meant he would sign an executive order to erase Barack Obama if he could...
Let's not get off track!!!!! FOCUS PEOPLE. The whole Pershing story has been DEBUNKED!!!!! Herr Trumpf is just LYING AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The Green Sky president is well-aware he is lying.  Everything he says is a political calculation, not a statement of his real beliefs.
You're are digging pretty deep with your not a statement of his teal beliefs. How do you know what his real beliefs are?
you are the source of FAKE news like this Pershing story. You are a FAKE, PHONY and a FRAUD. Liar.
There r no terrorists. Afghan makes money for uk n usa through cocaine produced made n supplied now under their flas. Shame  shame shame
Lier.
So execute people with ritual blood and flags, and without trials, courts, judges and due process? Destroy America to "protect it"?
Wrong.  As usual. This should have gone through Gen. Kelly, Don.
We need to just do it. The whiners will stop after awhile and no one will for them. The left that is.
Let's start w/ keeping those on terror watch lists with Islamic names on them - unlike what Jeh Johnson did w/ the eventual Orlando shooter.
There you go with another tall tale... Fake news.
Another Trump lie. Trump is mentally ill and he likes Nazis.
Terror should not be fighted through more terror

You'll believe any silly little story someone dangles in front of you, won't you?
....and False. Another made up (insert most recent lie here) by our mentally deficient Blowhard in Chief.
You are sick, sick man. A lying, infantile, pathologically poisoned and decrepit mind. I cannot wait until you go away forever.
SO UNTRUE AND YOU KNOW IT. UNBELIEVABLE!!!
Fake history Donnie.  We caught you and your Islamophobia.
No proof he did what you imply, you lie, lie, lie!
Please check your sources.  This is not true.  #fakenews
oh Donny, you don't study!

A car driving into a crowd in Barcelona is a terrorist attack, but in Asheville it's not?
Are you referring to Asheville, NC??

You said 42 years before. Which is it?
Just more DJT bullshit. And he has the nerve to tell us he doesn't make comments until he knows the facts.
What he is talking about? , he should atleast read about General Pershing in Wikipedia .. unbelievable
You need to study him, so much you don't know and it was 25 years. You constantly exaggerate everything!
Another lie! Never happened. Unbelievable
You are a wild beast
Are you serious
Racist phony drivel from a racist phony POTUS.
The roof is on fire. We don't want no water. The roof is on fire! Just resign you ConMan. Impeach Trump NOW.
Study what happens when we destitute piggish Trump : there will never be any piggish head of US state any more.
Two more prominent Republicans are calling you "unfit to serve." Your days are numbered. Listen to Bob Corker.
Sexiest lamps on twitter!!!

You can try to tear down criminally all the statutes in our great nation BUT it wont change the election results...

#TrumpTrain 
…
#fakenews Why do you make this stuff up?
That's just s very old urban legend that has been traveling internationally for decades proving that you are ignorant as well as a liar.
Liar, liar pants on fire
STOP LYING!!!
Donnie, you don't know history. Your statement is WRONG! You said you want to know the facts before speaking!
FAKE news at its best.
@realDonaldTrump Maybe know your REAL history before you tweet junk.
A real pro war crime kind of guy. Aren't you? Plus that Pershing story is a myth.
You are seriously a mad man
YES,BACK 2 BASICS IS D WAY 2 GO!PROBLEM IS D TERRORISTS HAVE FELT D SOFT BUTTS OF D DEMOCRATS,& THEY R IN LOVE & BEYOND,THEY MISS BARACK H.!
You are UNFIT to serve as our President.  Do us all a favor ... #ResignTrump
You didn't say that about Obama when he sent jobs out of the country and jeopardized our safety. We are dealing with NK due to him
It's no wonder our country is in the state It's in with all the DemocRATS, leftwing n the bleeding hearts whining about Trump  #Trump2020
^^^ Trump cites well known and 100% debunked war myth, because he's a fkn nimrod >>
But let us not forget.. he likes to have all the facts before commenting on anything..... 
That Clown only knows 2 facts...he loves KFC...and he loves ketchup on steaks...everything else is conspiracy theory...ketchup? I mean WTF?
I almost snotted hahahaha I agree. What type of subhuman puts ketchup on steaks.
My Wife puts ketchup on her steak, she's Panamanian and emmigrated legally to the United States. You must be a Democrat, you're all racist!
Only a Democrat would use a term like subhuman, a Nazi term. And judging by the likes for Zack statement he's not alone in his bigotry.
Why do you continue to say dumb untrue things like this. Do you think we will blindly believe you?
Pushing #FakeNews and propaganda now Mr 'president'!?

Israeli Occupiers night raid on a Palestinian family. Waking up children at 1:15am to make their presence & terrify fam.
Watch until the end 
More lies from Mr. Only-I-Can-Fix-It.
Sir, you need to have a history lesson before you post fake information.
29.4k retweets & 104k likes of a complete bullshit ass lie. That speaks volumes on so many levels.
You are proof that we should be supporting abortion instead of passing legislation against it.
Fake news! If you want everyone to love you, RESIGN! You'll feel such relief. Just imagine the endless days on the course...
N building

SOUNDS like a repeat plan. when can we get started ?
#FakePresident
Fake news from Don the Con
You're POTUS and don't know this story was debunked?   sit down and allow the grown ups to talk please.
@POTUS @VP my grandfather was his driver during war.
Just studied it: "Pershing sprinkled drops of pigs' blood on his Muslim prisoners, then he let them go" Are you suggesting we do the same?
Seems kinda laid back, given the situation. Sure, I'm a leftie, but I'd probably want to do a bit more than sprinkle blood if I caught them.
I've studied some more now & just learned Pershing promised to donate government land for purposes of building Muslim houses of worship. 
If there's any other historical figures you'd like me to study, let me know! This has been quite a fun, educational evening, thank you DT  
I see you spent about an hour and a half studying this... So about as much time as @realDonaldTrump has spent studying history since college
I don't think trump has spent that much time studying anything ever.
PATHETIC that you say you STUDIED this FAKE STORY about Gen Pershing, @POTUS! BUt here is something that ACTUALLY came from him! GET IT?
You have no idea what the word 'study' means!
 Hint: It is not another word for 'keep hearing'.
If this story is true, it shows the stupidity of the Americans. Muslims have blood all unclean. And not only pig blood.
The President tweeting fake news.  Figures.
General Pershing loved @DippinDots !
Fake news.  Nice work bozo.
Those stories have been categorically proven to be false #FakeHistory
You are #fakenews, Dodgin' Donnie!
This has NOTHING to do with Islamic terrorism! U R a racist & a idiot! @realDonaldTrump
False. Why can't you ever be nice to people who disagree with you? Why can't you admit when you're wrong.
If he were to ever admit any imperfection, his dead father would beat the crap out of him.
Boy @realDonaldTrump, how you conflate history. You're still being ridiculous. #resist
you liar making story
an idea for you donald; capture the terrorists, dig bullets in their blood and stick it up... ur nazis and kkk  call me tonight pls
Only your ignorant "Uneducated" fools believe this! Oh...BTW just because someone follows you on Twitter doesn't mean we support you!
You waited for all the facts for this story, right? #resignplease
He was called BLACK JACK FOR A REASON!  https://www.truthorfiction.com/general-john-j-pershing-dipped-bullets-in-pigs-blood/ …
Any plans for the Radical Racism and Ineptitude of Donald Trump to stop?  #impeachtrump
Wait, you get to carry Putin's cock that has to count for something, right?
Perfect Pershing Punishment!
