All bluster, no action
See you in court ......TRAITOR
.@POTUS is the #LiarInChief
90 days later:
Refugees:
•0 Attacks
•0 Deaths…
You're going to jail!
#FullBlownCrazy #TrumpColluded #TrumpIsStillColluding #GetHimOut

The security of our nation will be much greater once you are in prison. You're going to prison.
You and the Russians are the reason that our security is at stake. Resign now and take Pence with you.

@realDonaldTrump caves to the swamp on age to buy gun. 74% of country agrees to raise age. All bark no action. Cyber tough guy at its finest. Pathetic.

You are the greatest threat to our nation's security.
Well hot damn! You finally got it! Just go quietly and don't make a fuss. Mueller knows it all now!The Democracy of our Nation is at stake.
maybe you will be in the stocks big clown man. GET YOUR UGLY HAIR CUT!!!!!!

Pure Russian Asset Traitor!!
#MuellerIsComingForYou
Resign.

Oh FFS- we all know you don't give a rats ass about the security of this nation- but good try 
The security of our nation is seriously threatened by your incompetence, ignorance, and narcissism every single day that you hold office.
IWANT MY WAY!!!!!  I AM THE PRESIDENT DAMMIT! 
Why is this old man yelling on Twitter?
I couldn't have said it better myself, you deplorable, disgraceful #POtuS.  #Obstruction #ImpeachTrump #ItsMuellerTime
Looking forward to your removal, #CheetoMussolini
You're a threat 2 everything America stands for, its democracy, its Constitution, its rule of law("I'll be your law & order guy", he said. What a joke!).
You're refusing to release the Dem memo. What R U hiding? You're "cleansing" DOJ for your little coup. We all se it! Fascist!
What the hell are you yelling about?
Not sure the President of the United States has ever sued anybody (and with your track record of threats without action, pretty sure that record is secure) but I would caution you to relax about public criticism and to act like a man above the age of five years old.
There again, I’m talking to an elderly man who has forgotten (assuming you were ever taught) humility, reason, and/or rationality. The minute you decide to act like a grown man, people tend to treat you as one. But fuck that, right, SEE YOU IN COURT or whatever.
It's hard to argue with that. The sooner you are convicted the better for everyone.  Maybe you could have Jeff Sessions indict you today so we can get this over with.
Donald Trump to sue north korea?
Always a tweet,
We hate you. Go away.
Typing in all caps doesn't make you any less wrong. George W. Bush seems like a Mensa member compared to you.
I speak on behalf of so many... we are dying to see you in court.

Oooooh man you must really be feeling the pressure now... I’m going out to buy a nice bottle of champagne to celebrate your inevitable indictment...
Dude, your win/loss record in court is terrible. So low and failing more with each case.
And the INTEGRITY of our nation is LOST. So there!
Why? Because you ripped off all those people for the #Trumpuniversity bullshit?
Good. You always lose in court. Bonespur.
You're out of your mind and we all know it.
This didn’t age well.
OH, APPEALING TO YOUR ALL CAPS BASE, ARE YOU?
Who are you fucking talking to, Donnie? Your senility is astounding.
can't wait, you'll very likely have a heart attack when you face reality

You’re in office. We are already suffering!
So you’re going to stop showing secure materials to people who can’t get clearance? And showing the PDB to anyone who stops by?
Resign.
Make sure you bring all your phoney 'evidence'.
OK!
Keep screaming, Don. Look out behind you! It’s Mueller!
Hell's bells we can't wait til you go to court

What r u blathering on about now! Ur idiocy, ignorance, incompetence, lying, bullying, support of racism, bigotry + misogyny, failure to enforce Russian sanctions, attacks on press, justice system, FBI + minorities + last but not least loyalty to Putin pose greatest threats to US
Who is trump going to see in court now?
Sure goes to court a lot
Praise great leader for creating so many new jobs
for lawyers. What a guy!
OUR SECURITY HAS BEEN AT STAKE SINCE YOU BEGAN RUNNING

I cannot wait to see you live in front of Mueller answering questions. 
WE WILL SEE YOU IN COURT YOU FAKE RUSSIAN PAWN
You are the biggest security risk to this country. Your ties to Russia, your absolute lack of knowledge of government and what is needed and isn't needed is scaring the country to death. Please move out of the people's house immediately
What’s the issue?
.  Not ,
How many times have you lost in court?
We agree, which is why we will win.
Temper tantrums again! How presidential of you. Now which court? Which case against you? Civil or federal? Current or pending? How’s Putin?
GFY you orange pustule
Looking forward to seeing you in handcuffs!
All caps? oooooooooh!


Oh good God, who's he taking to court now ? 9th circuit overturned something he wanted ?
I would love too see you go to court and come under deposition
YOU ARE AN IDIOT!!!!!  America hates you!  Please call Putin and ask him for the first flight to Moscow.  I'm sure he will let you share an apartment with Snowdon. #Traitor
There is one thing you can do to aid the security of our nation -- #Resign
#AssetForfeiture #TrumpRussia #Prison
That’s “course” not “court”. Golf COURSE.

what is this in reference to
Go ahead, you don't seem to have much luck in court.

Finally, one of your tweetspasms I can like. 
Lube up, traitor.
#MuellerIsComing
You s said that may year hehe
Stop yelling. You type like a a desperate man.
LOUD NOISES YELLING TWEET IN ALL CAPS RAWR!

What a deranged whack job our president is. 

A global embarrassment without honor. Temperament of an infant.
#Resign
So you can LOSE AGAIN! You incompetent PATHETIC ORANGE DICTATOR WANNABE MORON! If you knew ANYTHING, the country would be shocked! Just #RESIGN in Disgrace! And take that yes boy, PENCE, with you! #SAD #LOSER #LIAR
Why did Stormy Daniels break her non disclosure agreement.
See you and your ALL CAPS in court!
Please testify for Mueller. I'm sure you'll fuck up bigly.
BOO!
The nation's security is at stake because apparently, the majority of your staff, you included, are susceptible to being blackmailed.
LOUD VOICES



Thank the Lord ...
See you in a jail cell.

YOU STANK OF RUSSIAN COLLUSION!!!!!
YOU DO NOT HAVE THE STRENGTH, STABILITY OR INTELLIGENCE TO LEAD THIS COUNTRY. GOODBYE.
You never do very well there, but good luck with that.

AND YOU ARE A PRO-RUSSIAN TRAITOR!

#TCOT #TRUMPRUSSIA #MAGA
What the FUCK did #cadetbonespurs  watch on Fox news now?
I don't think I can make it on such short notice, but I'll try to be there.  Thank you for the invite, Mr. President.  You're going to tear that Judge Judy lady a new one!
You have seen a lot of people in court, but it usually doesn't go well for you.
HEY #CadetBoneSpurs   --- THE SECURITY of OUR NATION is with ABUSERS who do NOT HAVE #securityclearance #Porter #Kushner
FUCKING PUTZ!
Child.
#TEMPERTANTRUM
president donald im not a terrorist and im from somalia
Looks like someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed
EVERYONE - simply go to this page and block him.
What about the security of our children in schools?  What’s your plan to protect them from gun violence?
You stealing health care,  Medicare and SS benefits from average Americans is what makes America's security at stake. PS: I'm shocked you didn't type steak instead of stake.
Which court? The one that already ruled against the ban? 

Or the court where you and all your friends are having a meetup with the FBI?
What eposide of "As the @WhiteHouse Turns" ....I lost count.
Criminal court, you sleazy grifter. Also, “BOO.”
AND I’LL SEE YOU AT THE GYM. I’m kidding. You’d never go there.
It’s ok for your lapdogs in the GOP to release certain things.  Fair play. Get over yourself!
Stay off twitter  you are the President of this Nation not a New York Con Man . Keep your country in your heart not your pocket......smarten up.....
Eat cold so, Russian puppet!
Well, we'll all sleep better once you're cuffed and in prison. They do that to traitors, you know 
Good for you .... 
Russian name if I ever heard one. Bot.
Boom, BIG LEAGUE WIN TODAY
This is gonna be the most ironic tweet ever within a year.
90 dayslater:
Refugees:
•0Attacks
•0 Deaths
•2 Travel Bans
Americans:
•21,290 Shootings
•5,214 Deaths
•121 Mass Shootings
•0 Gun Bans
SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!...
so... How do you take to court something that already there?  .... Unless COURTCENPCTION
#25the45th time? #MuellerTime?
#TreasonWeasel? #RUSSIA?

Now whos the idiots LOL
Yes it is Donald.  You endanger us more and more with each passing minute. 
Your brain is oatmeal. Resign.
No.  We’ll be seeing YOU in court. 
Chuck, I'm catching up...why is this tweet back. Jeez, I live my life for a few hours...
Yes, you will! HA HA HA!!!!
Here is the biggest threat to America...YOU!
But I won't be seeing you because you'll be in prison!
That's interesting. 0 deaths from refugees but still 2 travel bans? Its been 6 months
In case you didn’t know... you should focus more on the gun violence problem in your country instead of forcing a fucking travel ban.
How many times have we seen you in court now?
We shall meet in court. Do you know where America is?
~WestWing
FYI tweeting in all caps won't make your lie come true.
This is about one thing. donnie is a tyrant and abhores disobedience
@realDonaldTrump I will not be watching the nfl ! I 'll go to hometown games. Here we know how to respect the national anthem and our flag!
do u like XI JINPING?
he can't like Xi anymore.trump has a nickname called "jianguo" in China , which means "build China".
Dear Mr. President, can you help finance my project for security, lie detection and healthcare projects? It would be greatly appreciated!
Who you going to see in court.
the security of our nation became in Jeopardy the day you took off that she Pig get out of my White House
if you resign, our security will improve. You keep trying to screw us, so you can make more money. Shameful
Oof
See you in court???? We'll see you in jail soon!!!!!
Maybe he's talking about his trial.
@Abi_C_Taylor where do you stand on the impeachment now?
We take the House, then bring on the Senate!!
IS Hawaii Judge thinking he is MORE POWERFUL than Supreme Court maybe Extention of IT? TRUMP HATE has Distroyed BRAIN CELLS of S Intellects
Diana, he obviously thinks so. Perhaps SCOUS will slap him down now
I Can't Wait to see what Happens LOVE or HATE POTUS Judges Should Not be Political in their Rulings Mislead Public or Disregard Pres Powers
@AcidRapsUSA
The security of our great nation has been compromised by you & your ilk! #25thAmendmentNow

Let us not forget this tweet. @CNN @FoxNews @CBSNews @maddow #MuslimBan #TrumpTrain

#TravelBan begins tonight. Thank you @POTUS for taking the security of Americans seriously! Even those who fail to appreciate it
#MAGA
Love all the IDIOTS on this tweet DOUBTING TRUMP again!! when will these liberal loons learn
Boom! Disband 9th circuit
Boom, yet another unconstitutional move!
Winning!
