You're on it! Thank you
nice comment and you think you can UNITE the country? You are an uncouth human who will fail
Shumer clowns??? Are u for real? What an embarrassment. I feel so sorry for you.
Go Trump!
awesome pic :-)
please Trump pardon Julian and his family!!
stop tweeting. Press Conference is the only way I want to hear from you
bien
oh we are hip to u, and we agree with Schumer! u are a cancer to this country! please enjoy being the seatwarmer!
God Bless you Trump.. I have had to pay more for insurance then ever .. We pay over 700 just for 2 people.. On 44,000 a yr
Donny, like @SenSchumer said, your presidency will be a failure! #YouLied #Treason
yours will be worse. Make the rich richer.
weve got medical $$$$$$$ coming out of our a** from hubbys cancer treatment shouldve gone with med marijuana alot cheaper!!
Obama has such a failed presidency it's unbelievable that he wants to ask the Democrats to continue with his failed policy
BIAFRA needs referendum
so true. We went from having excellent coverage to unaffordable premiums and a massive deductible. Not worth it
I like your plan bett...oh you don't have one.
wrong
Donald, no.
Yes, Mr. Trump!
look at the insurance companies stop them from lining their pockets that's where the hikes are coming from
Seven "Shit Tweets" in the last 2 hours Donny? Or just a little constipated this morning? @seanspicer
You are starting to pi$$ a lot of people off, PEEEEE-otus. ACA saves lives.
IT'S THE INSURANCE COMPANIES..MAKING BILLIONS ISN'T ENOUGH THEY HAVE TO MAKE TRILLIONS!!! AND BIG PHARMA IS A DISGRACE!!!
Also, WAY TO BRING THE COUNTRY TOGETHER.
liberals are the ones dividing this Country. Stop being so full of hate and we can come together :)
put the dog back in its cage lol
it's funny the negative comments aimed at Trump here.  Unfollow you snowflakes, killary lost.
even with rate hikes, the fact that we have insurance is a comfort for those with children or preexisting conditions
i pay $450 a month with a 7500 ded for one person ....#RepealFastPlease
this is crazy!  You could bank the $450 a month.  This has got to change no way some can afford these prices!
its either bs or an anomaly...i worked there, never saw that high of a cost
this was a cheaper option they gave me but didnt cover pregnancy which i needed
first thing you need to do is appeal due to affordability and again i can assure you thats not the norm
and 750 a month is ludicrous unless you were looking at gold plans
- deductibles are nowhere near as the redicilous hikes and deductibles applied to Medicare patients over the last few years
If one is not on Twitter, how are you communicating with them?
20 million ppl who had no health insurance now have it, including me, thanks to #Obamacare.We will fight to keep it.
your welcome. It cost me more to give that to you.
It costs U literally nothing. UR brainwashed abt what #Obamacare truly is bc of what you've been told #factsmatter
what about our high deductibles? When your sick and over 26 and pay for your own you start to see how unusable it is.
To get decent, affordable care intentionally, so they'd reject #Obamacare. Pharma companies also had a say bc of GOP
Are you on obamacare or medicare?
Obamacare AKA the ACA, though the NY exchange
can you shut up and talk sense??
because you keep your friends close and your enemies closer.
so he's ur enemy? How's that?
The hair on the back of my neck tells me so. Pure instinct.
That is the illogic of the snowflakes.
Well these snowflakes won't be melting anytime soon.  #Operationblizzard#Trumpleaks
pls u all been in meltdown mode since YOU LOST
Even the mighty Donald Trump must bow before the power of the 140 character limit!
You are THE MOST DIVISIVE PERSON!
you've replied to this tweet at least 3 times now.  He won't see your tweet, and he wouldn't care lol.
thanks for keeping count! 
You're welcome, just reminding you how bored you are that you have to keep replying to ever tweet Trump makes.
he is just making sure that your Trump knows the majority of "We The People" did not vote Trump-he lost by 3mil votes
11 mill more against him when you count 3rd party. He's unwanted, unpopular & has No mandate. #TheResistance
And about 120 Million, didn't vote. Are you speaking for them too?
Would you like me to find the data for how many people didn't vote because this was the 1st time there were voting restrictions?


Great!  Show us your plan, so we can compare!  Oh, wait...you don't have one.  Should we emulate you, and go bankrupt?
Why would you name an ins. plan that is a disaster after yourself?
You mean the Affordable Care Act, which is the actual name?
Obamacare!!
The republicans nicknamed it Obamacare. It's called the affordable care act. Where's their plan? They've had 6 yrs
So when Trump&cabinet FIX Obama failcare, then what else will you whine about? wan wan wan?
I'm not going to argue with an imbecile
Just like a Kool-Aid drinking dem to shout out a direct inflammatory remark when you are down-sized.
Following this asshat is a fruitless effort. He's so clearly out of his league. His ramblings are manic.
And yet here you are.Go follow Hillary,oh that's right, she doesn't tweet until she's down 2 bottles of vodka. She should be on by lunch.
thing is, just because someone doesn't agree with DJT doesn't mean they are a Dem. (I didn't vote for him)
So you vote for the other loser.
not what I said either, but thanks for continuing the smack talk. It wasn't necessary.
So you didnt vote at all.No room to complain then.
Jody - I voted. You're nasty. Thanks for spending the day arguing for not constructive purpose.
Just trying to follow u.U dont like him or dems and didnt vote for a loser, but you voted. Very confusing
TrumpCare must be cheaper and cover preexisting conditions. What's your plan, Con Man?
maybe you should consider paying for your own insurance just like many other Americans have to do.
Trump is rich, not in debt.
Self funding!
He's for the people! Not the greedfeeders like himself, believe me.
fyi PEDJT is in debt to foreign entities and commiserate with known eastern European criminals
It's what we get for letting a Muslim create a Healthcare program!!!
And the racist speaks up.
oh... and fyi "muslim" is not a race :333
Are you more comfortable with bigot?
Hillary is gone ,you don't have to keep labeling people with your useless name tags.
It has nothing to do with Hillary.  It's call common decency.    It's not useless, it ldentifies hate.
Also. Hate is just an emotion. Your name calling could be construed as hate. Ever think of that?
Hate for what an individual stands for is one thing, hate of an entire group of people is wrong.
Privatization will of course increase premiums as well as raise deductibles.
Proof?
They go up because they can; it's fine, it's a profit based model, not nom-profit.
As it turns out, I don't care.  But indeed premiums and deductibles will go up with privatization.
It seems to me that the increase was slower before the ACA. Your source is dated for 2010.
U may be right about speed.  Point is  private insurers will raise premiums & deductibles bc that is their MO.
Definitely, it is a business. A business owes it to its customers to be profitable.
People will need to borrow @ 18% to pay medical bills.  Oh, well.  More $ for the insurance companies.  Boo hoo.
deductibles were on the rise prior to Obamacare. It just didnt do anything to slow them down.
exactly why the plan failed in its attempt to be affordable.
at least the president did something to start to address the problem. gOP's turn. Make it better.
Both parties peddled plans in the 2008 election. Dems got the chance and failed to make it affordable
obama and the dems tried to work across the aisle and what they got was a flawed plan that now needs improved
Again, untrue. They strong armed a plan that failed in its primary goal of affordability. Had total control
check your facts
same to you
the massive increases on my wife's parents insurance are the reason they voted for TRUMP! Obamacare was a disaster!
That's the truth! That's exactly what Trump said.  It's a disaster.  Why would Obama put his name on it?
...thinking what would have happened if President Obama called Republicans "Clowns". Hm. 

Discuss.
His right hand called us deplorables and more! Americans. Yep His Hillary...We didn't care we like it! Go Trump!
is a very dangerous person. We don't know what he's done.
We know what the other criminals have done

Lmbo! Funny! Americans need transparency and honesty.  We did not get that from Hillary or Obama.
What deductibles are you talking about?  I have a $10/20 deductible.  Do you even know what you are talking about?
snowflake
Great comeback LOL
Each conservative has a spot on their knee that if hit correctly makes them utter "snowflake".
Boohoohoo...you lost? I'm sorry for your luck...
