What they said may technically be true. They said did not see evidence. Yet it doesn’t mean it didn’t happen. They did no investigation. So.....
22 STATES JACKASS
You have intelligence? How high is it?
Can you read?  Why do you keep talking.. just stfu.
#MoronTrump
What the hell do you know about intelligence?
everyday you tweet about your self . Me Me Me Me Me Me Me . Why won't you do take some time to learn the National Anthem or our Constitution or 2+2=4. God your so predictable and boooorrrrinnngggg.
The fact that you are saying this shows that the opposite is true #StolenElection


your Tweet was quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
What reality do you live in?
Babbling incoherent drivel. Should @IvankaTrump look up from changing your sheets in your bedroom this morning, tell her she has no credibility and will pay for your sins for the rest of her life. Same goes for that grease weasle you call a son #mags

Well then we know for sure the Russkis flipped votes.
Whatever, see you in court.
Resign.
Have you released your tax returns yet?
You said the US intelligence agencies we're wrong.
#TrumpRussiaCoverUp 
#TrumpRussiaCollusion
Get over your election & start governing! The US election was attacked by Russians. Do something!
LIAR
You said it was rigged, over and over. and it was.
Hillery did not win the popular vote.. 75% of the people that voted for hillery were illegal.. there votes should never count...
Bot
Stop tweeting and DO SOME WORK.
#TrumpRussia

You are completely missing the point. You can not work with a hostile foreign nation to beat your opponent. You cannot pay yourself & your businesses from our money to go golfing, you have blatant conflicts of interests & apparent  illegal business practices & you are unstable.
Hey, what do you want to bet that #KaepernickKnowsTheWords to the national anthem?
And why do you feel the need to state this?

@unhackthevote not so fast #VonClownstick
Having read the transcript ot the Senate Judiciary Committee's Simpson interview, there is no way any person with a modicum of intelligence will ever believe a word that comes out of your mouth.
And?
You don't have the right to use the word "intelligence," you orange don't
#LiarInChief the vote *totals* were altered.  See @mikefarb1  excellent work...oh wait, no way you are smart enough to understand it.  The voting machines could have been unplugged for all that it mattered.
Except for, y'know, that part where you took what was hacked and used it on the stump to affect the election results, you oversaturated grift-weasel.
this needs an extra panel now for hacking voting machines
Your own govt says Russia attempted hacking votes in 21 states, but MOST were unsuccessful. If MOST were unsuccessful, then some were successful. Specifically, up to 10 could have been successful based on that standard.
No - again, you really need to stop believing Fox/the voices in your head. They all said they couldn't say yes or no, since there hadn't been any review of the machines. There still hasn't, so you're just telling more lies.
I’m gonna talk to you like you are 4. Your partners in crime, the GOP leadership hacked the vote. They installed software to flip the vote from HRC to you and HRC still win the popular vote. You are an illegitimate president.
False and you know it.
Doesn't mean RUSSIA didn't help you win.
YOU WILL BE IMPEACHED...INDICTED...GO TO JAIL
Intel Agencies wouldn’t tell us if voting machines were hacked! The knowledge would destabilize the country. They’re afraid to tell us.
This is completely untrue. We all know it. And you know it. Just stop.
So NOW you are agreeing with the Intelligence Community? It's hard to tell which #StableGenius will show up on any given day? Although I guess your sundowners doesn't affect you in the morning during your #ExecutiveTime #TrumpTreason #TrumpLies #TrumpsForPrison #MuellerIsComing
Any reason why we should believe you when you 1) lie an average of six times a day and 2) have trashed the intelligence dept. prior to this?

#Resist #ResistTrump #TheResistance #Dotard #FakePresident
Oh, you mean that "Intelligence"
that you've been denigrating for the past year???
You are SO insecure. That’s a sign of an incredibly weak man.
Ok Ok...we now know machines were hacked. Whats the endgame Donnie Dementia ?
Stop lying and making things up.
How is it that Jared's registration had his sex as FEMALE? Those russians sure have a bizarre sense of humor.
#GirlyMan
Too bad dick weed.  We're coming for the GOP in 2018.  Bye bye for you.
This is a lie.
Voter rolls were. When was every voting machine in America checked? Your administration has done NOTHING to protect America from Russian election interference. Why?
Except for, y'know, that part where you took what was hacked and used it on the stump to affect the election results, you oversaturated grift-weasel.

Simply denying reality won't change it, you get that, right?
It's over, don.
Lying again... Do u ever stop?
The machines were hacked. What was done with that information isn't known publicly. Secondly, Russia interfered in others ways on your behalf. On top of that, your team lied about contacts with them and documentation shows they were eager to cooperate with Russians.
You are full of 
No.
They NEVER said that.

What they DID say was that they DID NOT INVESTIGATE OR ASSESS the impact of the hack on the election RESULTS.
Doesn't mean there was no wrong-doing on the part of your campaign. Sorry, but meeting with entities of another government - a HOSTILE government - is not what an election is about. Why not try and operate WITHIN the bounds of the law for once?
Well genius the voting machines do not have to be touched physically they can be touched by what is called thin air or better known as cyberspace and while I'm at it keep your nose out of North and South Korea they just might make some Headway without YOU
Says the man who said he had no business dealings with Russia.
Intelligence. Well, now there's a word you're not familiar with, Donny.
Keep yapping. It makes it more obvious how guilty you are. #Dotard
totally Bullshit!
That's a lie. You're a liar.
That's a lie.  They express said they have no conclusion regarding the impact.  So, why are you lying?  Crickets.  Crickets.


then i guess you lied again what a surprise!
then i guess you lied when you insisted to the people that the election was rigged... oh what a surprise!
Liar, Liar, Pants on Fire!
Voting Machines not touched? Who said that they were?
He did as the basis for his election fraud committee 
Sir, I think we need to pull the curtain on Russian's puported interference in the US election. I have failed to find anything.
Of course your plan was to hack in ways so you could say this. The truth is pending but pls keep telling us it was all legitimate.
TOOK LESS THAN >YOUR< two(2)WEEKS for U.S.(us) to see >! YOUR LIES !<
DIP-SCHTIK
INTELLIGENCE says;... "YOU'RE A DAMNED LIAR."
SEEK HELP YOUR ILL!
THUMB SUCKER
its not about voting machines you dolt. Its about people voting influenced by hacked information only hitting her. SMH
Yes 3 million votes!!!!!
NOONE is saying they did exceptYOU.The recount was vote not matching the exit polls.Not about your contact with theRussians
@howdyitscam If you like, and believe in democracy, you won't find it hard to accept that President  Donald Trump won
Trump did not win the popular vote he won by that archaic electoral college it needs to go it served its purpose now why don't we just go by the American people and who they vote for and that would be the end of that.
not exactly what they said.
Here you go again Voter fraud is not what happened You big mistake Trump you are going against your own words again
wow I just found this tweet from you You said that no evidence of voter fraud You are not good at lying You shouldn't do it
@DonnyStarcher you must know soros is the devil against you is is a dangerous man!!!#
@DonnyStarcher we need a law...all people from other countries show proof of citizenship to vote!!#
all elections have some sort of mischief
哦？
congratulation sir . entrepreneurs should come  to politics as they know  how to take care every one around.
lol
Greg got caught eating from the litter box because he thought the cat poop was dried hot dog pieces
that's....that's literally not true...
no election investigated by the winner. Manipulation process over confident after many elections manipulated. Karma coming
HAVE CHANGED YOUR MIND ??? RIGHT
RECI D THIS TWEET PREZ
BE THE BIG MAN YOU CAN BE
Guess you didn't actually read the report they handed to you. It said nothing of the sort. Sad!
that's not the claim, it's that the Russians used Wikileaks to release shocking truths about Hillary and her corruption.
I don't care about that.  I just care that they hacked the US.
hello donald your highest! I would like to ask you a question about why are you planning on building the "greatest" wall?
don you said  it yourself, "it's a dishonest system," did something  change just because  you  won?
: Mr.President Elect , these Tweets are soothing , not unlike FDR's "Fireside Chats" Using our Modern Tech. Avoiding Media
voting machines didn't need to be hacked. It was rigged through innuendo and false information. Illegitimate and sad.
machines were not touched but the hacking influenced opinion...stupid.

They won't stop this false narrative, though. They know most ppl give only passing interest in the news.
yes
#treygowdy
it's called influence.  Sauce lots of BS over and over to see if stupid people believe it.  You know something about that
they weren't touched? ok. but maybe they were hacked.
that is YOUR talking point. The real issue is the safety of American secrets and the idea that Russia hacked DNC AND RNC.
You are SICK TRUMP! Get HELP! Or different drugs
Still don't trust u.
Nobody ever said they were you Muppet!  But now you believe intelligence? You are pathetic....
Every time obese Donnie tweets he shows the world how ignorant and thin-skinned he is. So adversary's know how to play him!
Hillary was creaming you until #Comeygate and #Russiagate.Nicely planned to flip people who were on the fence to you!
. You're about to hold the highest office in the country, it's time for you to be the adult in the room. Every room, all day
You're a few days from being sworn, stop acting like we're trying to take it away. Your denials of reality put us at risk.
Weren't you the one claiming the election was "rigged"? BIGGEST HYPOCRITE EVER!!!!!
So Intel is reliable now?
You are such a putz! Intel is reliable when it validates what you want?
It's gonna take an extreme and courageous personality to deal with the extreme corruption and complacency of Washington.
FREE AND FAIR election! NOT! Voter suppression and disqualification is no where fair!
Hmm..The White House or Prison? Hmm I think probably the latter, Mr Clean up congress and get rid of corruption. NOT.
Nobody ever said they were ...
All this b.s. they have caused[dems & Congress] makes them home terrorist in my book.
@dcdaniels1 so you actually are illiterate then. that is NOT what the report said. Read it.
oh so election not rigged now as you said over and over?
Lie. ALL 17 agencies concur, Russia hacked the election. All 17.
It's been lies all along. No single truth in it. It was a terrible fabrication.
in Trumpspeak, what Hat means to me is that the machines were tampered with
press on with America's issues don't give the press anymore fodder about Russia sir
We're lucky you were elected. Good luck in this very difficult job.
please consider America's choice, Blake's singer Sundance Head for your lovely,patriotic balls. Love
well All-bigs- had to say that because our vote machines not connected-2 the Internet - Brilliant-next fake news?
..Yes..what a fix..Hillary won popular vote..go figure!!
liar trump !!
just wanted to say a lot of us America,s standing behide u we know u going to do your best to get country back on track
hi Mr .trump few words to the man always admired u for yours smarts been to a lot of your casino,s n Jersey loved it ,
The hacking is done. There are lots more reasons to denounce RUSSIA...keeping our great country great. GROW UP, SHUT UP.
That's not true☆
The voting machines were not touched, but you sure touched a lot of people by reporting the contents of the hack. So much so they voted 4 U.
I hope you do make a good POTUS. Just, please, don't kill us with bad health care.

There are more ways to control what happens in the voting booths
love the way you worded this, it shows me you can think before you tweet
that's not right mr. Trump. Nothing in those reports indicated that there was no influence. Stop lying
They will NEVER admit fault! No responsibility, a party of elitists.....out of touch with anything real except their egos
no one is talking about voting machines. You are obfuscating.
lol
FACTS:  Several machines were tampered with. Broken seals reported. Judge stopped investigation and count before complete! Grossly unfair!
Actually they literally never said anything of the sort. #ticktock #evidence #impeachment
I wouldnt want to owe them anything. Talk about a hard money loan. What can he do for them to pay them back?
So how many billions does donald owe the Russian Mafia? Doesnt this make anyone in this country nervous?
This is a LIE. Voting machines don't have 2 b touched. Dumping only HRC crap in Wikileaks was their method 2 elect U. #FNC
Donald, We know the truth. We know you. You can stop being pissy, and start telling the truth. Try a new approach in life.
The voting machines are not the issue, the election was rigged in your favor by Russian supported fake news websites
Where is the BEEF! Where is the plan?  Ryan working on it for 6 years! BS
TAX REFORM FIRST! And where the HELL is the HEALTH PLAN? No plan after 6 years! BS!
Actually that's not true. But as we all know now, "you can't handle the truth." #moviequotes #peotus #truthhurts
We voted you in,We onow howmyou won,we have been waiting for you!
No they didn't. Do you believe your lies? I don't .
LIAR
Was disgruntled DMC on HRC's staff who leaked, Julianne Assange says NO RUSSIAN HACK, trying to cover up content of emails
False, live in a fantasy , void of truth REMEMBER  MILLIONS DID NOT VOTE FOR YOU,LOWEST APPROVAL RATING OF ALL TIME ,LOSER
But you just said it was "allowed to happen". Did it or didn't it?
Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place.The Republican National Committee had strong defense!
