NO, you didn't. Watch the tape. Watch your expression of scorn and disbelief. you are making America a joke globally. @realDonaldTrump
@Leavittnovelist he's no joke in Europe. He's doing great. You should actually tune into something besides MSM.
They despise him
You may but the@people@do not. The European people@do not neith sonthe Puerto Rican’s. Bigger off.
Wow. totally uninformed. And rude, too. Are you happy abt. how things are going?
Yes I am happy with the way things are going.
You are okay with people trying to take away health insurance? Education? Racist? Guns? Anti-woman? Do you live in a bubble?
Um Donald, we saw the video footage. It was embarrassing for you.
and 8 years of Obama wasnt embarrassing @ ALL - at least we now have someone on the side of america
really? How was ge embarrassing? Trymp id on thecside if wealthy.
Do you really need his many scandals&embarrassing failures listed? Be real & stop hiding like you don't know.
the only scandal is one youre dreamin of lady - whats the evidence? What was actually hacked?
who said we are talking about something being hacked? Fast and Furious is one...
Lisa - my apologies - thought you were referring to Trump
u have the mental capacity of a grapefruit
yea cause a grapefruit has the knowledge to build a billion dollar empire! wonder what fruit that makes u
it doesn't take a fuck ton of knowledge to get lucky in a rich city when you're a white male 
wowworse than I thought! Like the mental capacity of the dog crap steaming in the corner of your trailer!
I see you argument has fallen through, much like your presidents policies
you mean our President 
lol even worse! You have too many problems of your own. Not much to research out there on the great @caitlinflannell  #success
Why are you so Petty don't you owe countless banks over seas millions over failed business loans Grow up act like our Pres.
Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia
didn't want to shake hands for fear of knowing what a woman with power feels like.
You're like a little child !

 It's time to grow up. Grandpa !
"Fake News"?
you blew her off on video so...  Never mind. Momma taught me not to argue with idiots. #TrumpRussia #LetTruthSpeak

I watched you with Angela Merkel. You failed America.
I just wanted to say 'Good morning Mr. President!'  I thought you could use some kindness on this new day. Have a good one!
When you act like an ass on TV, the news media has nothing to do with Americans' perception of your embarrassing meeting.
Even wi. volume off, same take away.  She loathes him & her facial expressions throughout the day, priceless.
Not crazy about the use of tweets to send a bill reminder, or conduct foreign policy. Strategic communication is best.
I understand bypassing filter of MSM, but @POTUS has all communication outlet/media now that you're our GREAT PRESIDENT!
You can bully typical GOP brown-nosers like @robportman, but you can't bully world leaders.
■Somebody's gonna talk! Your greedy circle will feast on YOUR greed and bring you down. You're a fraud, a common con man!
lied abt the crew all having high IQ. Turns out they all the dumbest from top to bottom
. As American Citizens,  born and raised. My husband has alot of great ideas, if he could get an ear to listen
Gibt es dafür vertrauenswürdige Quellen?
You lie and words can be twisted,but the videos we all saw from multiple REAL news sources tell the truth
Merkel looks bad because she already sold out her people to Radical Islam,while u fight to #MAGA. Germany jelous of #POTUS
Jelous?? Good joke. I'm so thankful NOT to have a leader like this douchbag.
You'd do well to stop exposing to the world how delusional you are. I'd say fake it till you make it but you never learn.
Americanism not globalism will be our Credo!
Oh Donnie, it was not-unless you mean successful as it relates to embarrassing yourself very public in view of WORLD.
Why do you hate America so much? No more lies please.
CNN=FAKE NEWS!!! MSNBC=FAKE NEWS!!!
You insulted her and continually insult the intelligence of the public w your outrageous lies. We see thru you. Resign
Donald you are fake news with your constant lies
Ummm, donald, we SAW the look on Angela's face at the news conference. And she did not exactly look thrilled.
you lack the slightest bit of respect for anyone so that's what you'll get back. #POSotus. #gobacktopreschool
Germany (Merkel) stuffed up, but what choice is there. Its a Global issue now.
Yes you lied again, you're so predictable the endless lies are filling the air. A fog of lies & worse ... incompetence!
just sign over your paychecks
tweet that "Germany owes" NATO shows him and his admin do not understand how NATO actually works
After two years of anti-NATO rants, Trump still apparently has no idea how it's funded.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-welcomes-merkel-to-white-house-for-high-stakes-meeting-amid-friction-on-trade-refugees/2017/03/17/423e0146-0b2b-11e7-a15f-a58d4a988474_story.html?utm_term=.a6975ece21ca … 
Great thread from a former ambassador to NATO on what Trump doesn't understand or doesn't want to know about NATO
1/ Sorry, Mr. President, that’s not how NATO works. The US decides for itself how much it contributes to defending NATO. 
Besides not understanding NATO We need to talk about how the self proclaimed trade guy is ignorant to our trade deals.
DM
.@realDonaldTrump Donald sweetheart you've been having these outbursts too early for me. Honey, you wouldn't shake an ally's hand.
.@realDonaldTrump I know she doesn't think you're emotionally equipped to lead a military superpower, but you don't have to prove it to her.
.@realDonaldTrump Sometimes, even when there's a mean lady who looks down on you and reminds you of Mom, you have to be a big, grown up guy.
Bess - you are a genius!
Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS, I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Nevertheless...
Let's ask the NFL players to stand in honor of the Vegas victims for the national anthem this week. U can c where they stand them.
your ignorance shows with every tweet
DESPITE WHAT WE WITNESSED WITH R OWN EYES - U UNSTABLE FREAKAZOID @realDonaldTrump U NEED A DOCTOR ASAP AS REALITY SLIPS FURTHER FROM U


Very poor photoshop skills, nice try though
.@realDonaldTrump Apart from that moment when she looked at you as if to say "Are you high?
those faces he pulls....I just want to smack him, obviously she feels the same!
German Hitler caused destruction of Germ. He bombed own losing WWII. We helped rebuild No $ 4UN
well settlers took america from the natives, killed them and never gave it back
2 settler fam went 2 Pecan Grove TX ,1st Jackson  (7) slaughter. 2kids girl boy abduct 2nd fam fnd them.  Kidboy craze girl grew up.Our fam
Stop the incest in your family please. You can't even wright anymore.
After 40 years of watching CBS News, I have deleted them from my life. I think they should all be arrested for treason.
What u consider a great mtg in ur mind is, whoever is in the room w u 2 sit & listen 2 u prattle on & just agree w u. THAT'S not a convo!
it was NOT a “great” meeting. You had a meeting and embarrassed yourself and all who depend on you. We saw it.
Do we even have any remote expection that you realize how you let the US get pantsed at the G20? No, you are too clueless and ego-blind.
What Do You Owe The IRS? The US Treasury? What Do You Owe "We The People"? What You Owe Is TRUTH.
I hope you told her to get back in line !


we are soooo tired of your ignorance, sir.
It certainly looks like Chancellor Merkel enjoyed the meeting with you as well
It looks like she's absolutely thrilled to be in your presence ...
Just so we're clear, the strategy is to cut funding for the State Department / Diplomacy and then to piss off our allies???
rob... it looks like your more hurt than she is... you look ridiculous to us
what r u defending? W/ur handle plz tell what is Christian about the admin's position on anything other than anti-abortion?
their position on abortion isnt christian. It is anti-women. There is a YOUGE difference.
I'll agree to that, and apologize for not phrasing the question better.
the hypocrisy is what has made me turn my back on organized religion.
you are correct mr. President I'm getting it so I don't believe nothing the main news say or mostly nothing they say
#FailingAsPresident
he's not failing he's God man for this particular time. there's those that would like for us to  think so.
If he were a man of God he would be so narcissistic. Men of God are humble. He's so ... http://tmi.me/1fi3kR 
God can use that he choose Christ and non-Chris just like King Cyrus
is his choice although I believe now Christ
you know this makes no sense. It's grammatically incorrect. I have no idea what you're saying.
Twitter limit us the number words that we can use but I'm saying is God can use anyone he won't  like King Cyrus
No shit. But you can be grammatically correct. Donald Trump is not a man of God. He's ... http://tmi.me/1fi3lT 
Let's ask the NFL players to stand in honor of the Vegas victims for the national anthem this week. U can c where they stand them.
Trump's repeated lack of "respect for the truth" means he could be viewed as "a  fake President," Wall Street Journal. Sad!
krautz need to defend themselves
ALOT of $$$$$$$$$$
Because threatening Germany and telling them to pay up worked so well in the past
FAKE PRESIDENT says what?
Your arrogant misogynist attitude told a DIFFERENT Story. As usual, you were both rude and unprofessional. She should have #Bitchslapped you
you are  delusional.
if you actually cared about fake news you'd do something about it.  you use fake news as a scapecoat to look good. #SAD
JUST STOP. & for someone who says no one respects women more than you, you couldn't even shake her hand. You're pathetic.
She's CAN'T stand you!
This sounds like another Trump alternative fact answer. R U lying again?
your behavior was an embarrassment to us all - it's not fake we watched it
A picture is worth a thousand words you fool!
Not FAKE NEWS.The so-called president felt a little insecure?. Intimidate by the girl?. Understandable she is a real state♁
Wow Donald, you Amaze Me. APPROVAL RATING AT ALL TIME LOW. EVER. DID I SAY LOW T8ME APPROVAL EVER?
In your delusional little world....nope.
Haha she laughs at you. A stronger person than you will ever be. You couldn't even look her in the eye.
Different story from her and you are a liar so why would we believe your side?  #LoserBullyLiar
so do you!
fake news?  You are telling us our own eyes ares lying?
Chancellor Merkel did not look happy.  Stop worrying about what Germany owes us and start denouncing Russia, tough guy.
@AngelaMerkeICDU We apologize for our president's behavior. He is a mess @AngelaMerkelMES
This is one of the reasons we're trillions in debt! Drain the swamp Mr Pres!!!
holy crap. You do know you were both on camera right? Can't imagine you missing a camera or mirror but thats another issue.
The reason why she didn't shake your hand is she didn't want to break the tiny little thing.
lol. Fake news. Do you mean video manipulation? They're getting real good at it now!!! Her expression was unforgettable
Speaking of Germany...
Merkel hates you.
CAPS makes me UNDERSTAND you better. NOT
#Neurosyphilis #Dementia please someone help him
We saw her facial expressions.  No, you didn't.
We can see the video. Idiot!
she's probably thankful you snubbed her handshake so she didn't get your cooties.
Can't you ever stop lying.  There is a God in heaven.
You know Him Not.  You will end up in hell for all eternity.
you lie, as usual.
so great you wouldn't shake her hand. Coward if I've ever seen one.
wouldn't even shake her hand. such a public display of contempt is beneath a world leader. oh,what was i thinking, it's you
it's nice to have a real president the news media has too much power
REALLY?
YOU DISPLAYED NO CLASS IN HER MEETING WITH YOU!
OBVIOUSLY EVEN YOUR MONEY CAN NOT BUY YOU ANY CLASS!
I don't believe the FBI & THE ADMIRAL LIE. CHECK THE MIRROR
Yep! GREAT comedy routine bringing up stupidities with a great leader. She hasn't hired Nazis in her government.
The only thing owed is an apology to Chancellor Merkel from YOU for being such a jerk and refusing to shake her hand. Sad!
Hahahaha.  Her facial expressions were nonverbal communication about your meeting.  I'm sure she thinks you are crazy!
she has greasy hands, I'm glad you didn't shake her pepperoni fingers
https://www.facebook.com/groups/523845684449990/ …
lies.
yeah, forget my own eyes!!  really great Donald!!
Why r u spending so much to golf almost every weekend. Tho't u weren't going time to golf. Plus spending millions
Yes,all nations need to pay up and shut up about why! We been paying all these years,Who's next?
dude, were we watching the same video? Oh wait, you were there. You're in an alternate universe. #delusional #insane
You need Germany and Britain - you need to listen to SEC DEF a little more I think.
Why is it anyone that does not agree with you is considered fake? Doesn't honesty make a difference to you?

Liar!!
hey All you LIBS!!! - we were silent for under Obama while he took this country further down the sewer - not anymore
I heard she couldn't wait for you to leave. She had to scrub hard to remove the shame of meeting a so-called president!
germanys debts none of your business
you are ruining our reputation and relationships with the world with your stupidity
"FAKE NEWS" definition: when it isn't to Donald Trump's liking. Just remember, all lies catch up to ya eventually #masa
#Maga 
if you have to capitalize GREAT, it wasn't. You refused to shake hands& the evil eye you were getting doesn't spell great!
Are you kidding me? Do you think we didn't see how you acted with her? You're pathetic   No diplomacy! Embarrassing!!
WAIT! My friend asked, "Didn't she say the meeting was full of it and weren't you rude?" He said he saw video..lol..busted
more lies from Russian president Donald Trump. Sad!
Yea you could tell by the body language that she loved it there. Especially when u said both were wiretapped. Loved it.
stop calling it fake news you dillusional old man
w/ANY politics!! So fake news can be a part of politics!!
yeah, I could see you wouldn't even look at her.  Poor manners!!
You ARE the fake news.
we know your on our side, but would a little handshake hurt?
Merkel looked at you like I looked at my boy when he disobeyed.  amused resigned to boy behavior
#LiarInChief
you OWE us all to fek off.
#Germany does not owe you anything. They are hosting your military free of charge, thought of that?
Fake news...yap yap yap...Dump is deficating from his mouth again.
As if! Sorry: we can see. And hear. You are tanking faster than anything other than than the Hindenburg blimp.
No. We watched it live and entire. STOP LYING!
You do realize everyone mocks how you say things are fake news right?  It's literally a joke for us 'peasants'.
are you sure about that?
Wonder if Angela feels the same. She had a MUCH different expression on her face than you saw. Psst, you're crazy.
when RU going to pay the Contractors U went #bankrupt on #goodplace2start lead by example #littlehands
It's good to be disliked by those with an ugly agenda - i.e., globalism( hatred of one's own country #Merkel ).
and owe the American people
You're FAKE NEWS! Always have been, always will be! #YOUCANTHANDLETHETRUTH
everything is fake news love we get it. But that's none of my business, according to the #fakenews
then you need to hire a better photographer, you sucked!
Americans shake the hands of other leaders asshole
bFAKE NEWS FALSE, IT WAS OBVIOUS, WHY LIE ABOUT THE OBVIOUS, JUST PLAIN STUPID.
In the 1st two Months Churchill was P.M. He had to approve Dunkirk and Destroying the French navy before Germans could use French War Ships
Can you Imagine TRUMP Making these decisions.
Yeah right JACKASS #wishyouwereclinton #wannabetrudeaou #betmelaniahatesyou
HAHAHAHA
Germany owes NATO, you owe American govt millions in unpaid taxes-She should have reminded you of that after your insults.
yeah, we should all just ignore our lying eyes. Congrats on ceding US leadership in the world. Germany now #1 I guess.
how much does AMERICA (DUMFUCKISTAN) owe Donald
nope
well she and Abe are laughing about you now!
liar, you insulted her. Just because you don't like news you hear doesn't make it "fake."
THAT WOMAN DESPISES YOU.. ! YOU CAN SEE IT ON HER FACE WHEN YOU SPEAK.! ITS HILARIOUS..FOR THOSE OF US..WHO CANT STAND YOU!
To bad you don't have the same class that Merkel has. You are disgusting!
Germany owes...wtf....why don't you pay your bills first. Fraud.
Frau Merkel is a classy woman, far more intelligent than you are. Please stop while you are still only way behind.
DJT u r an humiliation 2 world & horror to USA.Just resign admit failure & pls Pls go away
liar Trump got blasted by the FBI director.
If it was so great, then why didn't you shake her hand????
