Never your supporter...Had about enough of your ignorance...
wish I could be there but you've got my support and prayers. Kick some butt and #cleantheswamp
GET OVER IT!  You need to get off your high horse!  I so regret that I voted for you just because of your narcissism.
I would like every reporter identified befor them asking Mr Spicer a question!
Turns out your show sucked. Replaced the next day by the "greatest" show. It was "yuge" unlike your tiny hands. #whinybitch
wileyp@wileyp44@gmail .com/I would like to have each reporter identified before asking Mr Spicer a question
I would love to go but I can't get two tickets. As a Hispanic I like  to witness your swearing in ceremony. Proud of u
I have watched years of inaugurations but trumps was pitiful to watch there were hardly any people there considering Obamas
obviously it was not ... FACT CHECKJ ... what a blowhard
Will be there in spirit!  Never been to DC, but will plan to visit now.  Thank you for everything you're doing, PE Trump.
and it can't get here fast enough
I am sure Putin will enjoy watching it!
We in Russia to watch on TV Your inuaguration and happy for You.
the best show will be your IMPEACHMENT!!
love to go
thanks to Obamacare I can't afford to, but would of loved to.
nervous are we?
will be glued to social media and will pray for the best day ever for you and Mike
is it a puppet show?
how can I get some tickets? Can't wait!!
Great show? Who's performing? (Apart from you Donald)
I wouldn't go if you paid my way.  Too glitzy.  Almost shameful for such a powerful office.  It's not reality tv
@ChabraKimberly and I are have our own inauguration party from Lake Greenwood, SC. We are your biggest supporters from SC!
that's all this is to you, a reality show, huh?
 you're killing me! I'm begging you, STOP TWEETING
how can it be great when you can't even get entertainment
we wish we could, but we will be there I spirit and watching the inauguration at FOX or OANN or @RSBNetwork
my birthday is on that day
Hopefully David Copperfield will perform and make you disappear.
Found you!
wish I could don't have the funds sorry.
it's not a show you fool.  It's an institution that should garner your respect.  It's not a show.
it looks desperate for you to be begging people to attend your inauguration, Donald. Nobody's interested.
I used to seek comedy at various satirical sites. Now I come to Donny for my comedy fix. You sir are  comedy gold. GOLD!

I'm having heart surgery so I can not but I tweet and will do other things for you as I can
You need performers that people know for it to be a great show. You need performers for it to be a show.
I really wish my family could my husband lost his job October 7 we don't have funds for trip to DC could you sponsor us
They said all the above just so they could win the Democrats have played this card forever. An Obama is Jealous hate malice
Promoting his inauguration. Surprised he's not pointing them to stay at DC Trump hotel. Sell... Sell.... Sell....
Leading this country is not a TV show.  It's people's lives.  Get Real @realDonaldTrump
We'll be there (we live here) handing out free copies of Magic Bullet 14. Here's the cover.
a dog and pony show
try to make yourself feel better for lack of celebs. You know it bothers you. I'm sure Alec Baldwin would help you out.
very hopeful of you that it would be a "great show"
It's a historical moment in the USA. American traitor becomes president
You may want to read up on what the definition of traitor is. He doesn't meet the statute at all.
Common useage differs from the legal parameters. Trump is a traitor. Seditionist is too long.
Tossing words around like traitor racist etc arent even taken serious anymore because it's thrown around
Wish I could afford it congrats on ur win. 
never trump....never
can't make it...I head you will be there
we pride ourselves on the peaceful trans. of power a day of celebration why the protest got over it SNOWFLAKES.

Will Putin be sleeping in your bed or his own when you move into the White House?
will you still be unemployed!????
it'll be a joke.
Such a great show that no A-list celeb wants to be there. Everyone should be chill, since THC supporters will be there!! 
I will be there with hundreds of thousands of people marching against you egit!!!

Coal Miners Who Voted ‘ @realDonaldTrump '
Now Begging To Keep Obamacare
won't talk about his many conflicts of interest, but don't worry — we've kept the receipts.
Tell your fellow Trump supporters that they reap what they sow. https://twitter.com/Parker9_/status/809900218259042304/photo/1pic.twitter.com/CX1D6nHehf 
reap/sow?? Or stated another way.. Elections have consequences bitch!!! Remember that? Lol
Hmm is that what you'd tell your fellow Trump voters in coal country who stand to lose black lung benefits? 
what lie are you referring to?That the GOP will repeal unusable Obamacare and not replace?That's been debunkd
snowflake. Don't worry about big people problems. Just sit down and watch us clean up your mess
1 by 1, #Trump voters are starting 2 realize they were gaslit by a pathological LIAR #draintheswamp
But it wasn't
they didn't show... Because Bannon led you astray and now people do not like or trust you. FIRE BANNON
ack like.It would will appreciated. And think of all of us not just some of us.
A great magic show, everyone disappeared like magic!!
you are no longer running a TV show. I don't know if you forgotten that you are posed to be the president of USA.please
I will also join from India :)
Why?
What do you mean by why?? I like @realDonaldTrump and this is a good reason to follow the event!!
Do you want me in US?? Buy me tickets and I will join in your protest :) @OurbabyMinx
you're an ethnic minority..not the type that trump or his supporters would welcome..
Let's see...so far I do not see anything that might hurt India's interests in USA under Trump!! @quick_brown @OurbabyMinx
We will be protesting in the millions and millions across the US.  Not watching your stupid inauguration.
Protesting for what??? Don't you believe in the democracy?? @realDonaldTrump
lol it’ll definitely be a show
Ha! a clown show!
everyone must show up in clown cars.
More like a shit show! I hope no one attends!! #notmypresident
74% of Americans did not vote 4 you lost by 3 mil votes Only won cause of Russia #TheResistance #notmypresident
take out the illegal voters and dead people and that number is alot closer
evidence? proof? any facts behind your statement? #notmypresident #TheResistance
http://www.thepoliticalinsider.com/2-women-miami-arrested-voter-fraud-hillary-real/ …
please provide a real news site not a fake news site #notmypresident #TheResistance
how bout you disprove it...bc you can call Dade county and see people were arrested
so they arrested almost 3 mil people? oh how about the trump voter that got arrested in Iowa?
Making United States great will require independence from the need for fossil fuels for generating electricity.
oh don't you worry, we will be there to protest you, your policies, your nasty hair and everything about you
Get YOUR SUPPORTERS to pay for your WALL.
@TrumpInaugural I find it sad that people are so use to the life long politicians lying to them that they can't even think!
I'd go if I could but we'll be watching!
yup Women's walk
You understand that this is not a show, right? You are a showman, I will give you that. #notmypresident
A GREAT REAWAKENING you mean?
One big great circus show.
You must be the arithmetic man; you add trouble, subtract pleasure, divide attention, and multiply ignorance.
great day in modern times
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork.
here is a better alternative:
Wayne Dyer never deals with the negative side pay no attention to the foolish one's they no not what they do.Gid Bless You
NEVER
will the mall be open the 2qst as well?
Sorry, but I live all the way in Illinois. Plus, I have school that day.
show is right
Of all the mistakes your parents made, you take the cake!
hahaha yes the rest of the world will tune in to see the season finale
@TrumpFrance MR PRESIDENT during your INAUGURATION PLEASE IGNORE, For our pleasure, french ambassador and  representatives.
I wish I could be there.  You will make America Great Again.  Thank you for running for presidency.  I am praying for you
I didn't vote for you but I wish you best of luck because if YOU succeed WE succeed. No room for I told you so's
so you're saying those who don't support you or follow your propaganda not welcome? news Flash: we weren't coming anyhow.
Do you have to leave so soon? I was just about to poison the tea.
God annoited you and God Showed Out Glory to God for making Ameica great Again!!! Somalians in Minnesota!
ItsDaWorldOfSNuGGLEZ
We all hate that bastard, we just don't have a stage. Meryl is spot on.
Those who want to make America Great Again will be too busy doing just that on Jan 20 to waste their time on you.
most people I know will be there on the 21st. To March.
it's BYOB right?
@greeneyes0084 Sorry can't Manning the border till  WALLgets built ,I am the WALL MR. PRESIDENT  LOVE  Native Tejano
such a great show that a cover band cancelled.  Face it, everyone hates you and wants nothing to do with you
@TrumpInaugural wouldn't miss it!
yes lets invite every1 to witness the biggest historical disaster to take place in western history.Pls go back to tv shows.
How we wish we could be there.
I will be there in spirit. Do not have the funds to get there. It. will be a great day. But not for the Dems
send me 2 front row tickets!
I am a college freshman and I am thinking about skipping classes that day. My mom doesn't know. I will live stream. #MAGA
#NotWatching
Those who really want to MAGA will be there in force on the 21st. Your great show? Not so much.
"Show"? Being the leader of a country is not a reality show you deplorable and unhinged narcissist!!!
Have I told you lately that I HATE you! You will NEVER be more that the POS elect to me & the 65,844,610 who voted for H!
We know how you love ratings. Really love them. Bigly. Soooooo.....we plan to #boycottinauguration. Enjoy that.
America was great until you came along and fucked it up.
I will be there in "Spirit" and watching you, in your glory, in the beginning, to make America Great Again!
With no stars! And no marching bands! Good luck matching @BarackObama's 2+ million record. Not a chance in hell you will.
THE PRESIDENCY IS NOT A SHOW.  Just in case someone forgot to tell you.  Wake up and take this shit seriously.
I hope your inauguration has the worst ratings ever!
WON'T WASTE MY TIME #NOTMYPRESIDENT YOU WANT TO GET RID OF OBAMA CARE THAT'S NOT WHAT THE PEOPLE WANT YOU WANT TO NAME IT
You are a joke...... Get real. You are officially the "ACCIDENTAL PRESIDENT"...........
no but i'll be there on the 21st - let's see how much you tweet about the march!
Talladega College Marching Tornado Band will be in attendance! Can't wait!!
The best thing for America is for us to ignore you on the 20th so your TV ratings & approval rating go down the toilet.
and Support the Women's March - Donald Dumb SAD
JUST A PLAIN AMERICAN TRUMP SUPPORTER I WILL HAVE TO WATCH U ON TV GOOD LUCK!
My 12 year old daughter seen artist refused to perform. She said she would be honored to play ukulele and sing for you.
Protest, for sure.
No show needed. We just need elected officials who love our country and want to #MAGA to clean up DC and actually work!
сделать Америку великой снова
it's not a "show" & this is not reality TV; this is very important work for which you are woefully unprepared.
America never was great
Pay attention to Venezuela. We are in Dictatorship. Do something real. The people need it.Obama did nothing for Venezuelans
hahahahahaha it's going to be a great show because your speech will be so inappropriate.
I wish I could ♡♡
It is going to suck, you watch.. just like celebrity Ap.....No one can beat Obama's- not when the rigg the elections
For who show up--be prepared for more BS and lies; man has no integrity or honor--only greed! #NotLegitPresident ever
#ComradeTrump.   After party will be at the Russia Embassy.   Please were red and gold.
So desperate..
I would love to be there to watch history being made!!  There is hope for the US again!!!!
Your asinine simian countenance alludes that your fetid stench has annulled the anthropoid ape species diversity.
DC will rip you apart!! 
Can't make it there but my whole family is with u all the way in spirit. Good luck with every step u make. We love u 
Everything is a show to you.  Grow up.
REMEMBER to turn on all TVs to something else that day and leave them on all day long to hurt his ratings
This adorable deplorable will be at your insuguration, Sir. You are my new boss. I work at Dept of Energy.
everybody please stay home
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable? Like a coma.
Mr president America is gonna be not just great the greatest. Thank you Donald trump. looking forward for A+++ future
yeah, a great NO-show!
Please one more tweet? There are some people, not many, who don't just yet know how much of a fragile ego you have, DUMMY!
only 800k expected to attend no wonder you are begging people to come.
#ImpeachTrump not if America has something to say about it!
zacktheripr
 Your head's so big that it has its own postcode
I will be there in style my friend.I may come by boat as I can imagine there will be a sea of liberal tears to float in on!
love to be there, can you send a plane to pick me up from Australia?
right that's a laugh!
greatest show on earth, don the con.
Really wanted to be there! Fell and broke my back in two places! Best wishes for a wonderful and safe day!
Will be a lot of protesters there Donald.
.. I will be there in DC at your inauguration.. And I want America to be great again..
I just want to say your new look is GREAT. God said he will M all things new. This hacking stuff us a distraction.
i can't wait
Got another thing that day, but I will be there the next day! See ya soon. Unless your hiding under your bed!
Where do we go?  The WH?  I have never been to a WH. Exciting Moments!  Will you be safe?  Will us be safe?
His great show!! Lol! 
I cannot afford to go to D.C.  but will watch on t.v. and pray with the millions of Franklin Grahams followers for PEACE.
I would rather stick rusty knives into every hole in my body than see you grope the bible in front of the whole world
Hopefully you will pay attention on January 21 to all the women that can't stand you!
Yo mama so ugly she scared the crap out of the toilet
I have bills gotta work and the pay sucks but blessed to have a job a lot of people in Alabama do not
unable to go...but you are in our thoughts and prayers.  A great day for America.
Already planning on watching anything else but your swearing in. Only way I would watch it is if you died of a heart attack.
She will b performing at inauguration?
I have to work; that's what grown ups do. But don't worry I have an anti trump "women's march" shirt to wear that day.
Are you in a costume? It's not Halloween yet... oh, never mind.
A great show? This is not a show! Life is not a show!
Sorry, some of us have better things to do. I'll be at my State Capital again.
waiting to hear something about your policies but don't expect much Comrade Trump
I will be there for the women's march. A strong message for YOU!
