Trump can never ever measure up to Barack Obama.  Obama is loved worldwide bc of who he is - Trump is reviled worldwide bc of who he is.
Obama is only"loved" Because he babied you and because he's black
Another Trump bot
Get lost mechanical bot
You're honestly retarded
my dream is to me the vice president of the United States of America to talk to him take pictures with him I'm having an issue I want him to help me with this issue please vice
president I want you to help me with this issue I am disabled please help me
make my dreams come true
This is my email  SavielPena18@gmail.com
My name is Saviel.                                This is my number 407-624-7511
and your uneducated opinion means nothing
None of these people care about helping people who need it!  its about how much money they can get in there little time in office !
#Dotard Trump Just Blew Off a Deadline for Implementing Russian Sanctions He Approved
#TREASON
Not treason Snowflake. Look up the word. He has not betrayed the country. Just delayed a punishment for diplomatic reasons.
What is 1+1?
Robots can't add literally or figuratively.
He would be good if he would help the disabled and homeless but it's all about that dime!#all about the big money!
Awesome sir
we love you Mr Vice President glad your on the ticket, don’t pay any attention to the Libtards on this site

A Trump toadie is what he'll be
You mean like you supported this other friend
Trump's recent tweuets supporting Luther Strange deleted 
http://www.cnn.com/2017/09/27/politics/deleted-tweets-trump-luther-strange/index.html …


Just like old Donald did with Big Arthur. A #disgrace. Go ahead. Will be same thing.


God bless you and the USA 
Yeeee! He’s letting you stump for him? Scary sh%t!
You’re repugnant

The biggest fake Christian of them all. Public enemy #2
Maybe you should head back to Puerto Rico and throw out more paper towels
You gonna fake a tantrum on this trip too?
Quick. Sing the National Anthem. I’m sure MP was kneeling in front of his master.

That's what you do in your spare time?
Cool are you going to march with the Nazis too? Your bosses golf swing is garbage
@realDonaldTrump @EdWGillespie how about supporting the people of PR,USVI,CALI you know, Americans
You guys should just stay out of my state. We do not like you here.
Sorry for your loss @EdWGillespie. You're fucked with these two campaigning for you. Seriously. Remember Luther Strange!!
Hell no

Who is paying for this trip?  I certainly hope it is not the American ppl
Your kinda of retarded, Obama and Kerry did this all the time and extravagant vacations, did you question them?
Im sure Ed is a bigoted mess like you and BLOTUS  ..
Blahblahblah OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA O


OMG WHAT A WEAK PATHETIC VP. JUST LIKE TRUMP POOR EXCUSE TO SERVE AS OUR VP #WTF!!!!
Pentagon accidentally included reporter in Puerto Rico spin talks 
Axelrod: Trump ‘jealous’ of esteem for Obama 
Jerry Brown signs bill to make community college free statewide for first year 
'Disturbing rhetoric': Trump's press threats may violate 1st Amendment, oath of office
Pence to billionaires: Use your “stature” to make employees support a tax hike on themselves 
Titus 1:16 They claim to know God, but by their actions they deny him. They are detestable, disobedient and unfit for doing anything good
“All hands on deck” in Virginia Governors race in Virginia for @EdWGillespie!!!!!  #MAGA Vote for Ed Gillespie! 
Work more, campaign less.
This wil be as big a kiss of death as it was in Alabama for your candidate.
Another Russian asset trying to get a stooge elected. Kiss of death for Gillespie...

Holy shit - Ed wants support from a man who wasted hundreds of thousands of tax payer dollars in a racist political stunt?
Do you know how many veterans could have been helped with the hundreds of thousands of tax payer $ they spent on a preplannned stunt?
Bannon he is the real leader not Trump
Keep fighting to make America great again. Ignore all the upset little babies spewing hate.
Its easy to ignore libta*ds...i will say that i enjoy losers whining and its obvious we all see it like that
I really enjoy watching them implode.
Mr VP, please hold the people on the democrat side about the dossier and the Clintons
So is the great @POTUS44 to rally for #RalphNortham! Virginians are smart--we reject fascist lies and reckless leaders! #DoctorInTheHouse
Mr Mike pence yes people always support you and your family is a okay we'll be safe and thanks again God bless you. Your doing a great job.
I do not trust you nor anyone you endorse. You support a Russian agent.
Prove it.....still waiting
@realDonaldTrump @EdWGillespie well there goes Virginia just stay home

#money will do nobody any good when we meet our maker!#it doesn't hurt to help people up!
I meant hold them accountable
He suck cause he with Trump boo they  both working together boo🖓
Virginia voted against your racist, lazy boss tonight.
thanks for warning them.
I don't think he wants to associated with likes of DON THE CON.
what do you mean gerald?
you have a platform to state your opinion, but, you're not really saying much
You wasted your time and tax payers money by going.
No take backs!
#PiousPence supports #EnronEd… They would ruin Virginia… We don’t need them! #VoteNortham, #VoteFairfax, #VoteHerring, #KeepVABlue!!
Thank God he lost

Why aren’t you helping Puerto Rico
 we need him badly!!! VA
You didn't get the white  supremacist  you wanted. #Sad
God bless you
Hope you enjoy your visit to Abingdon! Some great folks will be there! #MAGA

Red 
Bot
Waiting in the crowd to hear you speak!!
Is that you I see kneeling behind the porta-potty?
Republicans don't kneel, I believe you're confusing me with a democrat
Obviously you’ve never had a Republican
Republicans only kneel in private. To put it nicely, closeted.
We kneel in front of the Almighty God, and Him only
#TakeAKnee isn't about flag/Anthem it's about oppression  @LangMavnel1 @mike_pence @EdWGillespie
Gillespie is gonna get demolished. Another failure

Oh no he will not.
Didn’t work out so well!  Why no audience?
Need better, more reliable Advance Staff.
Give away cookies and punch.
Lol. The last person you supported lost 
Will we see you protesting white supremacists, or are protests reserved for colts games? #TakeAKnee4Equality
Anybody you and @realDonaldTrump support is a piece of  so he must have a criminal record also!
What kind of tax payer funded stint are you gonna stage today? You were a terrible governor who is now a puppet for a dotard puppet master

Racists united
I wonder if this guy is dirty like flynn yes you remember the same Flynn the traitor you defended
Wtf are you resisting btw?
Jr. Moron
Another deplorable
Yep and seems you’re as toxic as POTUS judging by crowd size.
#TrumpIsBadForTwitterBusiness @realDonaldTrump #25thAmendment
Bigot
Did you get Daddy's permission? The GOP is sad and should be ashamed of itself!  You all need to design. What a joke!
How can you stand this Idiocracy of the United States. Hope there is a world to future generations.
Tony Schwartz is right about you!
All hands on deck for @EdWGillespie  Thank you @Mike_Pence
#GayBasher
We Got You Mike! If they don’t have bumpers stickers saying Merry Christmas  Get Out of There!
Where is the flag  and song about that
What happened in #Niger?

What happened in #Niger?

What happened in #Niger?

What happened in #Niger?
But @EdWGillespie doesn't really want to be associated with you.   It's another example of forcing yourself on others.
Do you really think anyone cares about what you think?
Nope!
Oh now you head to Virginia..oh thats right @mike_pence theres no KKK rally
Bahaha you guys going to sabotage another candidate? Thanks moron and moron jr
@POTUS @VP @SpeakerRyan @marcorubio Oo_MAN Mr Trump U ARE FANTASTIC, Ur Executive orders gets Atten. the WOW FACTOR! ELWDems &Media crying

How about you pay attention to the millions of propels who will be left out in the cold on health insurance.
You two would make great citizens there.  Why don't you stay there and never go back to Washington?  You could both resign!  Great idea!
qq
How many times do you have to repeat the same thing with @POTUS ??You ALL begin'?

What about the soldiers that just died. (Pin drop)
NOT!
Don’t think he wants to be associated with your administration.
John J. Duncan Jr., Tenn. John J. Faso, N.Y.
Brian Fitzpatrick, Pa.
Bye, @EdWGillespie. You just got the endorsements of political death. 
Whatever....seriously
God speed and keep you safe
Were you surprised that the crowd was so SMALL... kind of like Trump's hands or his approval ratings... #25thAmendment #ImpeachTrump

.@ChrisCuomo remembers the soldiers lost in Niger, the "names you have not heard come out of the President's mouth" http://cnn.it/2xChMOu  
Mike I’m going to make the dough Trump because my grandma mom just passed this morning on y’all to help with the money with that
He will NEVER be governor of Virginia. Take your carpet bagging, lying to ass back to Indiana — they don’t like you there either.

Oh LORD keep Obama outta my state, Virginia!!
Mike can you get the GOP to do anything?that's why we voted a majority in,to get things DONE! I see they r there for themselves not us
And hardlyanyone showed up what does that tell you about the failing @GOP
Please take Trump with you.  Keep him out of trouble.
But you'll walk out after the handshake and hellos, right?
Hey Mike, Pres. Trump needs your guidance and  % support. Drain the swamp and audit the CRIMINAL FED.
Get registered to vote for @EdWGillespie for Gov of Virginia!
That's right Ex-gay just another crooked politician lining his pockets figures @VP would support him Say goodbye to air, water & health BASE
What a waste of time Gillespie,the looser of the year.incompetent,racist and worthless regarding policy.
#ImpeachTrump and then we can talk about policy.
For now, nothing good will happen.
Hey where’s your boyfriend 
Elect Gillespie!  Make America Great Again!
The intelligent Commonwealth do NOT want Gillespie anywhere near Va. Thanks, but no thanks!!
Noooooo, stay away!!!!
And how money is your endorsement trip costing us tax payers???
His stand on women’s healthcare is cause enough not to vote for him.
This is BS he stands on killing innocent babies!

Will you kneel or stand to honor this man? But still #neverpence.
https://www.facebook.com/groups/1debaternation/ …


While here, please outline the public service Gillespie has provided to our state thus far. @RalphNortham
You can’t Stop Trump Supporters ....Deplorable’s Rule
#25thAmendment #25thAmendmentNow


Nobody will trust the United States! Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif on "Face the Nation"

Jesus is gonna get you Mike Pence, you fake Christian

That state has been taken over by illegal voters during the liberal reign over it! Must get rid of those so we can win! Stop illegal voting!
@realDonaldTrump @EdWGillespie Pence & Trump are clueless.Them going to Virginia nixes any chance Gillespie might have to win.
Try not to hang anyone while you're there. Have dinner with a woman who is not your wife to keep your mind off hanging innocent people.
Did your master trump tell you to say this?
Agree!  He has my vote!
Where is POTUS?"Gun shy" over Alabama?He needs to "start betting on the right horse!"Virginia is a must win!
He's embarrassed that everyone listened to Steve bannon instead of him
Hi

If you’re saying it, I probably disagree.
More than 100 psychologists marched in NYC today demanding Trump's removal based on his mental instabilities
You should hit the Skins game and walk out on the way...
Poor Ed.  Trump will fail just like for the fellow in Alabama.
@realDonaldTrump @EdWGillespie 
Thank you V.P. Pence!
For your great support! !!!
Hi Mike!!!Can i have your autograph please?
@realDonaldTrump @EdWGillespie Persian gulf
What about Puerto Rico are you gonna support them NOW FAST ??? Do you think your a good VP? Not really too slow.
Aren’t you supposed to be performing governmental duties instead of @gOP self-preservation attempts?
Pence is a cock holster for trump

Waste of taxpayers money. If you want to support someone do it on your own dime.
Indictments in your future @VP @realDonaldTrump Criminal Criminal Conspiracy to Defraud the United States of America
When indictments start rolling out they'll not say collusion but 
Criminal Conspiracy to Defraud the United States of America https://twitter.com/bgheaven/status/919678037033148418 …
Go away, we don't want you.

Don't count those eggs before they are hatched.  Mother let you go alone?
