help with imagration marriage fraud. Married a Dominican in Dominican Republic. Had me pay  green card 5 months in advance – at New Road
#EndMarriageFraud #NoVAWA loopholes. @USAttyBharara @RepEspaillat REAL IMMIGRATION PROBLEM. @andersoncooper @CNN
Your doing amazing work MR. PRESIDENT!!!
THANKS ---PRESIDENT TRUMP IS MOVING ALONG FOR MANY AND GIVEN ENOUGH TIME FOR OTHERS AS WELL . I SAY GO TRUMP . MOVE ON DOWN THAT ROCKY ROAD .
Your a man of great guts. I admire this about you!! This is what America was needing:)
So, paying attention? Or are you ignoring the voices of all the citizens marching for equal rights for all? Or was that all just talk?
the only thing he ordered today was for his Press Sec to hold his 1st briefing.  About the #s at his inaugural
which they declared fake news because Trump's ego is so fragile. Poor man baby.
hey Trump, your failed health care law is just the beginning....bring on the next campaign. Can't wait to see you fail
DOW hits 20k, economy continues to grow after November 8th!!
stop lying about your turn out. It was pathetic because of your behavior. Own it!!
That is the media bullshitting you again...showing an early pic of people getting there...don't be fooled.
time lapsed photos show the whole day. Not fake.
Loved it! MAGA 
TO ALL AMERICANShttps://www.facebook.com/DonaldTrump/posts/10158510987625725 …...
your doing a great job
you $uck
my attention has been drawn to how @RealRemyMa totally murdered @NICKIMINAJ tonight. What's your take on this sir?
Respect the office. Rant elsewhere, discuss policy in full sentences, stop bullying your critics. #UnTrump @UnTrumpWorld

Am not American, can I read it?
Respect the office. Rant elsewhere, discuss policy in full sentences, stop bullying your critics. #UnTrump @UnTrumpWorld
Shut up
TO ALL DICK TATERS...(YOU)

A MOCKERY! ILLEGITIMATE LIAR!
thank you for running and caring about us!!!! We love you !

WOO TRUMP! You did it!

Suggestion: Build TWO walls instead of one around the ocean.
congratulations.
Go TRUMP we love you.  We are so happy. My President.
#dipshit
puke

@POTUS Congratulations Mr. President!
Amazing Day!

President Donald J Trump!

We Have Made HISTORY! Well Worth the Wait! America is Back!

#MAGA #YoureHired
really?
Where did America go?
All that's back is Neanderthal thinking from the 1950s. #makeAmericaHateAgain
obama is gone! The sun will shine again now in America.
we are also your fans sir
TO ALL AMERICANS. THANKS SUCKERS!
is NOT MY PRESIDENT.
where was your ASL interpreter today? Binch how can #MAGA be tru if u FORGET ABOUT AMERICANS AT THE INAUGURATION
All I heard was "blah blah this, blah blah that and blah blah I will fuck everyone over" in this con-artist's speech
eat my dick corn cob @realDonaldTrump
not even an hour into office and already you are tweeting lol
cause thats all he can really do lol
lol yeah for real martha this dude is a clown we'll see if he keeps all his promises this time I doubt it
you should never get rid of your twitter account! You keep us informed with the truth! Thank you so much for that!!!!
Ow! this must be painful donnie, you can lean on my shoulder sweetie if you need a good cry?

#MAGA #TrumpTrain @Rosie
Keep a eye on Texas voting rt for Blks and Hispanics.
God bless you & your Admin to carry out the people's will & the cleanup of Washington, get rid of the swamp of corruption
See Trump's speech before the RNC made him change it! https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=715888261932958&id=695303700658081 …
All the celebrity's in the world put together could Not top this #inauguralparade 
Yer Da sells Avon
Please Mr. President Trump be careful 
Congratulations Mr President! were behind you!
Except anyone who isn't white, straight, and Christian!
I thought half of us were your "enemies"
congratulation sir
Thank you @POTUS for being a voice for the American people!!! Praise Our Lord, Jesus Christ!!!
A voice only for white evangelical Christians. Our nation is not a church, nor should it be.
America is a Christian nation! Get used to it because we r going to keep it that way! #DeathtoIslam 
We got a big bad prez that is coming into office 2 make lota change!
poor health, may not make it 4 years as prez #Inauguration #YoureHired
You and @mike_pence afraid gay might rub off on you? Ya'll are a bunch of hate-filled cowards.
Hate is expressed by leftist a-holes like you we're watching riot in the streets. Keep it up, just makes Americans hate liberals more !!
Protest is a right, and what makes our country great. Riots are caused when those in power don't respect that right.
it's like they expect us to keep being passive when our rights as humans are being threatened
How are your rights being threatened? That's just a bullshit excuse to behave like animals. You can eat all the pussy you want. Nobody cares
want to be bothered. I wish you a great evening
I apologise for that comment.. it was vulgar.
Looks like your inauguration attendance was not-so-bigly.
reagan's was even smaller, so???
Not sure Reagan obsessed over and lied about his crowd though.
for sure does not matter the size of the crowd
From Quebec, so, from AMERICA. Why do you always say  AMERICA? I am not yours I am FRENCH QUEBEQUOISE from #NouvelleFrance
Because "America" is ours! No one cares about French Quebec
I saw that and wanted to throw up.
really did you  not get something else than this fuck sinatra take th one of sid visious my way,o yeah he died an overdoze
Sinatra did not die of a overdose! My uncle played for Frank he did not do drugs!! Check your facts!!
are you existing in some bubble? Have you GONE TOTALLY CLUELESS? Wait...you've been clueless all along!
to you???u r BIGLY bad 4 our country. @PressSec @SenSchumer @FossQuie @RBReich @SenSchumer @SenGillibrand #pussygrabsback
You don't know how to guide a woman when dancing Dont force her low back into curve !Bet she had a painful back next day.
Why is it acceptable for you to be an idiot but not for me to point it out?
Outside N Maduro ( Venezuela) and Juan M Santos ( Colombia) of the region, whole America needs new winds, airs of progress
#RepealAndReplaceTrump
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/immediately-release-donald-trumps-full-tax-returns-all-information-needed-verify-emoluments-clause-compliance …
I would give you a nasty look right know but I see you have already got one.
https://www.amazon.com/Insane-Clown-President-Dispatches-Circus/dp/0399592466 …
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and crap out a smarter comeback than what you just said.
I hope you are the one that found United Health care overcharged our Medicare beneficiaries millions of dollars..
WHY on Friday did Donald get out of the car and leave his lovely wife alone to get out & walk up with the Obamas?
Someday you’ll go far… and I hope you stay there.
Greatly Inspired by your Inaugural Speech! Praying you Adhere to it. and Follow "Alliance of Confessing Evangelicals" Min.
The most beautiful First Lady ever.
then why am I being ignored? I could definitely use some help.

All Americans, or just the ones who think like you do?
The inauguration was done with so much class
You, sir, will never fill Obama's shoes! You are a fraud, and we all know it.
Hey, you have something on your chin...3rd one down.
Yo mama so ugly she scared the crap out of the toilet
You’re not stupid; you just have bad luck when thinking.
president trump , will go down in history, as the closest person in this world to being a real life clark kent
Stop bullying fat people, they have enough on their plate.
you'll never be my president
Missed Opportunity
At the conclusion of the oath, you shook hands with ex-pres. Obama, you should have said "YOUR FIRED"
if you cared at all about ALL Americans, you would have responded to the overwhelming turnout for the #womensmarch today.
willing to help someone like me? Do you believe in God? How do you feel about domestic violence? I have lots of questions
If I had a face like yours I’d sue my parents.
to all WHITE Americans apparently.  You may be rich in your pockets but a POOR human being. #notmypresident EVER.
Not all whites support this racist POTUS.
I’d like to see things from your point of view, but I can’t seem to get my head that far up your ass.
have a good presidency
Dude please resigns @realDonaldTrump
Congratulations President Trump from Toronto Canada. I know the USA is in great hands and you will Make America Great Again
ewwww, sad.
why don't we America Think Again!
Your lips keep moving but all I hear is “Blah, blah, blah.”
America America  Es todo el continente si entiende o no  incluso México 
I support & cheer you for all awesome things you can now do for USA. Look forward to more like this, fewer mental rants. 
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and crap out a smarter comeback than what you just said.
neither can you
small crowds nothing to talk about
Yo mama so ugly she scared the crap out of the toilet
@mike_pence @TIME  FACE "Grab em by the PUSSY" BOOK
How much does your daughter cost?
Shut up.

Out of 100,000 sperm, you were the fastest?
Then why did you ignore 2.9 Million Women's Marchers today?
the worst inauguration ever! No real stars not very exciting. Big bore

BEFORE TRUMPS INAUGURATION.  OBAMA COMMITTED HIGH TREASON. AND THE MEDIA WONT CIVER THE STORY.
where's your Russian birth certificate?
stop tweeting
#lie #liar #lies
You're an accident waiting to happen...it's a good thing I didn't wait that long
arrest Madona
please NOW one who commits criminal acts while protesting is a RIOTOR and needs to be prosecuted. Police attack is a crime
Couldn't his parents afford dance lessons?
Go away creep we hate you this is a farce.
The entire Turkish nation will be grateful forever for your speedy action to terminate Gulen terrorism that still continues
hey Trumpy...how does it feel to be the MOST HATED MAN in the world ?
You're the reason women beat their husbands
you r ignoring the fact that as a small business owner I need to pay for affordable healthcare 4 my family
You say I look bad yet whenever I look at you, you give me pharyngitis.
I'm sorry so few showed to your special day. Oh well
Now that you are president, can you please get off Twitter?
I thought of you today. It reminded me to take the garbage out.
The Démocratie have the words, the peoples have deep Heart without mind...
Hey, you have something on your chin...3rd one down.
I sure do hope this is all true Mr President
I may love to shop but I’m not buying your bull.
