yeah ... nothing like Twitter for all that important presidential stuff. Can't wait to see the launch codes!
You are an extremely dangerous person. Maybe we should send you there.
maybe @KellyScaletta should go there instead!! @realDonaldTrump  IS our President Elect! Show some respect!
I will enjoy your trial.
at least you tell the truth
Megyn Kelly gets big job at NBC News for an undisclo$ed amount, for only ONE reason, she's a cray cray Trump Hater LOL
Just because they're brown and have names you cant pronounce it doesn't make them dangerous.
You're going to be president in under a month. Don't you have something better to do than tweet?
.I gather all nations against Jerusalem to battle; Now the Lords feet stand on the Mt of Olives  https://youtu.be/dmQ5FxF-eDE?list=PLqkpf6ervgF1Gt60UKqcbkf-e8A_8Td1j …
Statistics already show a huge percentage of those already released have gone right back into terrorism against the US!
absolutely no releases from gitmo
When are you telling us the insider info re: hacking you promised? Are all these tweets to distract?
The Return of Civil Disobedience http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2017/01/09/the-return-of-civil-disobedience?mbid=nl_January%202nd%202017%20(1)&CNDID=24679745&spMailingID=10154320&spUserID=MTMzMTgyNTgxNzE4S0&spJobID=1080123507&spReportId=MTA4MDEyMzUwNwS2 … #TuesdayMotivation @realDonaldTrump
History, facts, & due process say otherwise but of course those things don't concern you, @realDonaldTrump. https://www.hrw.org/video-photos/interactive/2016/04/18/guantanamo-facts-and-figures …
Did you just pull those numbers out of your ass to make a meme? Keep doing it, it's working to destroy the dems

so put them on trial then prison or release
That's how the Majority of the American voters who voted for Hillary Clinton think the same as you! #TinyhandsTrump
I don't know about you but my crib ain't considered a battlefield. I live in a neighborhood clown.
How would you know?
Radical Islam declared war on us. Shouldn't we do the same to them? Then they could be detained  until the war is over, right?
You couldn't distinguish your ass from your elbow Don B. Quotey.
Gitmo stands against every American value. Close Gitmo. No more extrajudicial prisons.
Are you ever going to hold a press conference?
so you're just going to spew tweets on any subject without any game plan? Someone needs to up their adderall prescription
why use a fake pic of Harrison Ford?
Thank you for your leadership pertaining to this matter.
We should keep a cell available just for you.
каждое Ваше слово-для нас наказ! мы Вас любим!!!
дайте успех Америке-будет успех для всех!!!
They are aiding and abetting the enemy every time they release these killers
why won't you hold a press conference so we can hear directly from you and not through your Twitter account?
no, no little Trumpie. He gets the same kind of scrutiny you people afforded HRC and Obama. Have a seat.
you people didn't seem to know the difference, so you can sit in your karma.
no problem tweeting if you are you're hiding from somebody
*** unless they are innocent
.@realDonaldTrump tell it like it is, dude.
deport
.@PatRobsNOw @bmphillips1976 @realDonaldTrump please don't just joking! Im not legal here :(
.@AZCONSERVATIVE3 @FBI another snitch?? Please delete this tweet, i want no problem with feds. I will give you food vouchers for a year OK??
AHAHAHAHAHHA!
Democrats want them back though.
Good and be sure to make room for the corrupt politicians that will hopefully be convicted soon, including HRC, Obama, Podestas, Susasn Rice, DWS, etc.
I would like to think that some of them r already there. I hear the #ClintonFoundation & #ClintonGlobalInitiativeare are being investigated & that the tangled web is going to get most #Politicians. I am not sure how they will identify which ones 2 inv first - maybe the rich ones
This isn't your decision alone to make. We do have 2 other branches of gov't.
Obama released several prisoners back into society & they were welcomed opened arms back into their terrorist groups.(Along with pallets of cash)the 2 branches of Govt were by-passed.We are only allowed to be murdered & defiled, not allowed real choices only delusions of freedom.
Due process, right?
what U did about proof of #Saudi's attaché in US#suporting#9/11#highjackers?shame on you protcting Saudis,the realterrorist
America should lead the world in respecting the rule of law, is what it makes America great. Promoting injustice and torture is not in America interest.
Ur ignorance & stupidity r enormous! U know. I thing of these git@o detainers! Most of em r innocent & have been held there for years 5+ in many cases & still have not been charged with a crime! For the love of God read a book or newspaper on this issue & seek help immediately!
I am so angry with trump tonight that I have misspelled!! Forgive me for my errors!!!
sure how would you know know what a battlefield looks like? #draftdodger
#MAGA #Patriot
I agree.
Trump needs to get Gitmo right - …http://savinggraceatguantanamobay.com.ridder.co/OzXg6R  From FEB 2017 
Obama’s family
then please at least be sure to add to GITMO'S population. Soon?
#Winning
US intelligence has proof of Saudi Arabia's attaché living in their Villas in US brought finance,support to 9/11 highjacker
then charge them with something. release the innocent ones first though
INNOCENT? You don't go to Gitmo if you're innocent. LOL
=" I have absolutely no education in this subject".
Oh? So you're saying we just pick a name out of a hat and stick them in Gitmo?
no rather, we have a vague suspicion and throw them into gitmo
sounds good enough to me
not to me, why our constitution has due process
fuk em they are combatants gitmo it to good for em
#9/11 was inside job,well financed and executed by Saudi Arabia, US alli
Agreed!
Hell NO
the he'll with that pos Feinstein
.@realDonaldTrump Donald, we're thrilled you're thinking big President thoughts, but every time you tweet a new issue it seems scattered.
i've fallen in love with you daily
I think of you whenever I drink La Croix which is often because I am a human cliche. xo
it's "you're"
Yes, you are right as usual. But I guess the women in your small little country are more dangerous for you. Aren't them? ;)
*** Or have served their sentence
Take them out!  Save us taxpayers a lot of money and save innocent peoples lives!
Then charge them with a crime and prove it.
Lock up the DNC with terrorists. Hillary, Pelosi, Schumer, Perez and Waters. Dangerous, more so than Iran. #BADAMERICANS
Then why, donnie, is the US recruiting, training and equipping more killers for world terrorism?
#MoronInChief
Once again, Trump says one thing and does another.
Feinstein is NOT mentally fit to serve in the Senate!  Does she really think these Gitmo detainee's are going to be good boys if released ? Liberal Democrats are a danger to the American people. Mr. President, please push for TERM LIMITS before you leave office.
where is the proof of that?you,your administration and your kind are big treat to all human race.
@potus Anyone without criminal charges should be released or charged with a crime. What is more anti-American than putting people in prison without criminal charges? It is against our law. Don’t think that America can do whatever it wants without any consequences. #usa #maga
.@realDonaldTrump & if you plan to send more people to Guantánamo, we will fight you every inch of the way. http://bit.ly/DontLeaveGitmo 
Fils de chien ces americains
.@realDonaldTrump you're a liar. We can't make you stop spreading false information but we'll call you out on it
-Charitable fraud
-Racketeering
-Sexual assault
-Wage theft…
...is there room for trump and his idiots there?
...shaddup
...yes sir it is, now shaddup
you belong in Gitmo since you cuddle w/Putin at night. My b, I meant your daddy at night
Not gonna happen but nice intelligent response 
isn't that Trump supporters argument? Y'all aren't deplorable even though you voted for a racist? Good try again tho
hey why not waterboard them and make sure they don't get a chance to breath!! Make it look like an accident. /s
Mr. Pres - please state releasing Gitmo prisoners is willful and intentional gross negligence - personal liability for BO.
Yes you are so right.These people will hurt people again if released for sure.
Close it down or at least charge the inmates with something! The Gulags of the "Soviet Union of America!"
why are you siding with Assange on Intel/Russian hacking but say Snowden is a traitor? Peculiar.
Agree totally These people are too dangerous.Obama doing it as a political move AGAIN!
God is not politically correct and had no mercy for demon god nations
they never should have been released another muslim move by obama
and there's probably innocents in there too, ask the mayor of London
/ it's quite obvious that Obama is an Islamic terrorists sympathser  if Mr Trump wasn't elected President we Would B Dead
We should close Gitmo.
#Lock them up
if they weren't dangerous before they surely are now.
Um, why are you announcing that on TWITTER?
GITMO SHOULD BE CLOSED
with or without a trial Trump? With or without torturing, Trump?
Don't close Gitmo.
looks aiding Pak to build nukes is threat 4all ... how about a #NoAid2Pak stop feeding snakes
@POTUS Please, please stop these transfers!
, agree
EXACTLY!
Of course not! Counting on you to deport all Muslims who hate us, and search the Mosques. Please don't let anymore in.
We support you
#stupid & crooked
There should be no more releases from your Twitter account. This PEOTUS making a mockery of highest office. #TweeterInChief
Then they should book you as the last prisoner & enforce that rule. #notmypresident
agreed!
Please save room for Obama, Clinton's, Holder, Jarrett and Lynch! All belong there, not in USA! They're traitors!
That fool Obama is purposely trying to hurt the USA as he did from the start. What a idiot, nothing between the ears.
No more ,we agree. We should send people with death sentences & lifers there as well. All other prisons for drug dealers
for sure!!!!!
how do you know?
they aren't as dangerous as you!!!
Yeah, and that is a no brainer!
Hmmm. If he only had a Brain?!?!
Well said
Mr President Trump hold this cock suker obama responsibility if they harm one American. Let him no this.
These are nice people who could befriend criminal immigrants .See the humanitarian point of view, Mr. Trump.
But the CLOWN in the WH is releasing 4 more just for spite! He hates America!
I hope you realize HOW dangerous he is & where his backing came/comes from. Top agencies over/under him by his decree.
I was a Muslim and agree with Mr.Trump.Islam is very evil, more so than you can imagine.It hides itself as a religion.
I do not think Obama cares
I do believe you must continue to tweet.  It is code.  liberals do not read! They need to hear something and respond.
You should bomb the shit out of them, go after their families, right?  You are a crazy old coot.  #trumpleaks
, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed NOT primary architect of 911. I created document, "A Noble War", to enter war with Iraq in 1991.
Do u know where Gitmo is Just testing u a bit Name 5 kinds of birds hmmm Alzheimers?
Now that's great. Finally a President with teeth. And common sense
Bad hombres.
how do you know? Judge, jury, president all in one.  Who needs due process in a free country? #closegitmo
I agree...
With you on that!!
Shut up, and study for the Press   Conference you are afraid to do.
give them a last meal and shoot them..
59 men are held at Guantánamo. 20 of these men have been recommended for release by high-level U.S. Gov review processes.
This is, if it goes through, my first tweet: Thank you for caring enough about our country to do what needs to be done.
Don, agree, and I think you should think about renting out empty #Gitmo cells to the EU to house terrorists.  thx
@jamesmorandojr something is not right if he wants to release them and put them back in the open it just not right
Then put these people on trial. We're the USA, not Russia!
You shouldn't be allowed in the Oval Office!
And you would know this how.....the many intelligence briefings you attend? Didn't think so.
agree %.  If we release anymore, the men and women that serve will look like dogs chasing their tails.
Besides, my next apprentice show will be based there.  I'll like to see them try to keep the truth from Gary Busey!
You don't except intel How the fuck would you know Is it a crystal ball? Do you use a physic? Perhaps a palm reader!
, in 1991 I wrote "A Noble War" #ANW911 to propagate & use fear to convince congress to wage War on Terror for O.I.L. & war$
- Dear Mr President. I'd like you to encourage to make 100% certain that what info that you're been fed isn't fabriacted!
please release the secret info you have about the hackers. You promised you would. We are waiting???
No one suggested that. They want to transfer them to USA prisons!
@POTUS releasing prisoners is not safe for our country. Obama's mistake will bite him in the ass. He cares not for children
This issue needs to be revisited again. The Geneva Convention may apply. If you see this give me a buzz.
Instructions unclear, penis stuck in torture device.
You absolutely know nothing totally unfit for the presidency, you should be deported to russia PUtin awaits you!
thank you Sir
Use the empty cells for sitting congress members, Obama administration, Hillary & Co & pedos. FILL IT UP & THROW AWAY KEY
They should all be released.
@scottienhughes I think we put your swamp there.
so it's ok to subsidize THESE illegal immigrants?
@BarackObama is a Traitor and should be charged as an #EnemyOfTheState
After what Obama knows about where the released Detainees have ended up, this is treasonous and completely irrational.
who are they? What did they do? Is evidence public?
Obama shld b impeached so he can't let more refugees in US, release more terrorists, or give Gitmo back 2 Cuba!
@jamesmorandojr and we the majority of Americans agree with you
Why oh why are people being held without trial? Holding bad dudes is good. Human rights violation by US is bad. Very bad!
I do not agree but I respect My President and will continue legally protesting this. #CloseGitmo !!
AMEN Mr. President.
@scottienhughes Can we set aside a cell for you and your Trumpettes...greater threat than any one currently jailed there!
@BrittanyUSABoom drop a bomb on them
You know nothing.
I say we should send them to Dump Tower so you can personally handle them!
all Obama did was release his homies!!  We all know it.  #wakeupamerica
You are foolish.
Did you hear about the prisoners from your security briefing?
A Statesman will act in public interest, and in interest of democracy, justice and peace - not just be a Deep State Puppet
hope they are saving a spot for you and @mike_pence
