I enlisted and served when it was not popular or convenient. I have your back POTUS but get rid of McMaster !
extremely proud to have you as Commander-in-Chief! Thank you for making America great again 

you got all it's takes.....Biafra
ugh you don't deserve such a title. Draft dodger. All round piece of poo.
Then get out of America. Stop your insurgency.. go somewhere else with your hate. Traitor
@jessebwatters: If the fmr FBI director says that there's no collusion & there's no obstruction of justice, what is Mueller investigating?
Anything he can possibly grab on to. He is part of the insurgency/coup
You're welcome!
Why won't you visit the troops in active combat zones, the same way every modern president before you has done?
Happy birthday to U.S. ARMY and our soldiers. Thank you for your bravery, sacrifices, &amp; dedication. Proud to be your...
That's great to recognize our troops birthday!! You are awesome!!
HERE HERE!!! POTUS ROCKS! 10th MOUNTAIN DIVISION AFGHANISTAN!!!
Not sure how much that means coming from 5 deferment don the con?
How many Vets did you block today?
I'm sure I'll be blocked soon. I've been a truth sayer (aka pain in his ass) since before 11/8/16.  I'm a 100% disabled veteran.
TY for your service! My family has always served and it makes me sick that he pretends to care about our Vets.
Me too. Makes me sicker that so many vets fall for it.  @votevets is an incredible voice of reason.
Someone's hoping to get some Twitter recognition from @realDonaldTrump   Pathetic!  Looks like you just joined this club.
Whoever moderates Pres Trump Twitter, please, block all haters. Let's not give them space in our beloved President-sites.

Thanking God every day that you are our POUS. And the commander-in-chief!  Thank you for MAGA!!!  
POTUS

Blocks vets and lies about how much he loves them on the same day. #DonTheCon  https://twitter.com/brandontxneely/status/874617826358824960 …
The whole point of his 'praise' tweet was getting to the "your commander-in-chief" part
Self-Aggrandizer-in-Chief?

Why is it Russiapublicans can't have a conversation without saying " but Hillary?"
Liberals are the ones who can't get over losing ... they can't move on ... I LOVE the HRC excuse tour, so pathetic
Russiapublicans are the only ones talking about it...haven't heard any liberal talk about loss or Hillary....always you guys bringing it up.
If by commander-in-chief you mean hot air machine.
#TrumpMustGo
#Resistance #LoveTrumpsHate 

And yet he blocked a Veterans group yesterday...

@votevets
look where it's coming from NBC lying news channel uare so damn gullible! Just sign an executive order 2have the crocks fired at the VA!

The Commander in Chief can block @VoteVets, the voice of 500k military veterans and families, but we will NOT be silenced. 
I am thankful you are Commander-in-Chief. You have been a yuge blessing to America! #ImWithYou #MyPresident #HappyBirthday
Thank you Mr President for not forgetting our men and women in uniform. God bless you and God bless America. 
Hund
Stop the racist strongman speeches. Stop threatening peoples lives with health care. Stop the killings. They are following you.
Draft dodger @realDonaldTrump wishes  the Army happy birthday!
Thanks from all the forces in Qatar. You're a truly great man! I'm sure there's a really good reason why you threw us under the bus but...
Not for long! HooRah!
there not proud to have you....
Wasn't it your birthday too...hey happy birthday man
shut it, draft dodger.
Same commander in chief that knows more than the generals yet then defers his obligations? Your incoherent foreign policy endangers them.
Loser in Chief. Liar in Chief. Not a Commander of anything. Thanks for appointing people who can think FOR you.
Happy Birthday to you Sir; the greatest President in American history. Assailed on all sides by the forces of evil& ignorance Trump them all
enjoy it for approximately another month, give or take #criminal #prison
And now I will sign the health care bill that will take away all the health benefits for Vets. I'm so proud. #BS
Exactly 
???
Says the biggest coward and draft dodger ever.
#cowardlylion #draftdodger
Dude, relax with the "!" use.
He's sending thanks by cutting Support to vets!  DA!
US sells $12bn worth of fighter jets to ‘terrorist funder’ Qatar!But here's the question, if Qatar is a terrorist funder then why this act?
You're so hypocrite
I will sir!
If Qatar is a sponsor of terrorism why are you selling them weapons?
Weren't you a draft dodger? You could have had a military experience. Coward!
GREAT JOB MR.PRESIDENT. I FEEL MY COUNTRY AGAIN!!!!
A belated Happy Birthday to you! I hope they finally let you do your job!
Happy that my service is over.
Go Army. Thank you for your service!
says the Draft dodger
You draft-dodger really? You need to bow down to them, they kept America safe while you stiffed the American workers building your hotels...
Wow?!  Are you sorry now that you didn't do your service?
its not brave killing an enemy that the U.S government creates. The bush family even funded adolf hitler. wake up  !
i did not tell you happy bday because kelly-anne did not sing.
Says the man who dodged the draft.
Ya ain't mine!
You will must send these army to Colombia, fighting against FARC and kill to Santos and surely will change the country
Thank you all for your sacrifice. I thank God y'all are there everyday defending our great country!!!
Thank you Mr. President. Proud to serve.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO OUR US SOLDIERS, Your DRAFT-DOGGER-IN-CHIEF.
Happy Birthday Trumplethinskin! Have you unwrapped your subpoena yet? Present...I meant present! 
One Day late, HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU, Mr. @POTUS
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 7 Months, 6 Days, 2 Hours, 52 Minutes, and 29 Seconds
Or sooner if Congress will impeach this lunatic B4 he destroys R relations with ALL R allies & gets us in2 a WAR with No. Korea!
After asking a few of US soldiers. They are not proud to have such a "leader"
Donate loves guns
If you resigned on your birthday you could truthfully say: 'Americans celebrated everywhere on my birthday. Tremendous celebrations.'
you're just #socalledcommanderinchief
Embarrassed that you are.  But, thanks President Bone Spurs.
Liar in Chief.  How could you steal from cancer kids???
Since you blocked these veterans, I'm here to help.
Happy birthday mr president
Happy birthday Mr President have a great one 
They detest you.
Said from you, the draft dodger who made no sacrifices at all ever in your life.
I'm glad your are our Commander-In-Chief, you are Hitting it out of the park, THANK YOU FOR ALL YOU ARE DOING TO BRING OUR GREAT COUNTRY BAK
Some -- Commander--in-- Chief you are. You never was in the service. Had deferments from Vietnam. A spur on  the heel. What a jerk.
Happy Birthday @realDonaldTrump  ur the best commander in chief!!!
?? 
Then you wonder why the Democrats loves that it was him!
Have a wonderful day,Blessins
Naila from Costa RICA
YOU are a draft dodger
demander and thief.
Then stop screwing them over!
Happy Birthday to you, Mr. President
I'm glad I got out of the army one day before u took office
Men and women of the US Military, great people, so brave and dedicated. Respect !
Helmut Kohl ist dead!
Draft Dodging coward likes to play dress up in military gear. #Traitor
Tell us all about your tours of duty!
Oh, I get it! You really do respect service people; you just don't want to listen to, interact with, or do a goddamn thing for them. Neat.
Your misinformed
Happy Birthday, Dear Anointed President Donald J. Trump. You will crush your enemies under your feet!
Happy birthday Mr. President. Never give up,  never give in. This nation needs you, Mr president.
#DraftDodger
Happy Birthday Brothers and Sisters
It's FLAG DAY. The day commemorates adoption of the Stars and Stripes as the official flag of the U.S.  What are you celebrating??
you forgot to thank them for your profits off their sacrifice.
I salute all my fellow comrades in arms,...Rev. Lt. Patrick Joseph Neary, ASB, BA, MA
"I like people who weren't captured."  - Donald Trump, draft dodger.  #MAGA
Was the US Army born on this day? Or is the senile @realDonaldTrump at it again? Being old is no fun especially when you are a crook.
Thank you! Draft Dodger in Chief
proud enough to block the organization representing 500,000 veterans. signed: 5 foot boo-boo deferment Commander-in-Chief! #uspoli
I am sure the feeling is not that mutual. "So called" Commander .  Really a weasel who got out of serving. Spare us your BS
"...And, remember, it's all about me."
. . . as long as HE doesn't have to serve, 'cuz he's a crybaby pansy with zero accountability in life. #Trump undeserved pride.
Actually, scared that you're their commander in chief
You are no commander. You sir a child and a coward.
You dodged the draft, so stop brown nosing. #notmypresident
amen happy birthday guys!
Why did you call John McCain a coward and defame a Gold Star family?
You know, unless you are a Vet Who Votes, then he blocks you on Twitter and never wants to hear from you again.
You sold Qatar $12 billion in weapons. You're disturbed!!
So sorry that this tragedy happened the morning of your first birthday as POTUS!  Please hang in there as we have grown to love you.
Gross.
Thank goodness someone in our country is brave because your are definitely not!!!
You mean liar-in-chief!
God forbid any of get captured by the enemy. Trump hates POWs.
A " comander in chief" that dodged the draft in a very cowardly way: LYING and faking a foot injury then played baseball. COWARD.
Ooops!
Why did you dodge the draft in the Vietnam War any vet that's out there should be shame of u.i a veteran and waiting for apology from DT.
Bet most aren't proud to have YOU as their Commander-in-Chief, tho  love how you blocked a veteran's pg btw! Petty looks good on you! 
It is good to finally have a REAL Commander in Chief. Keep up the good work in white house. PLEASE be careful what you say & to whom.
Bet that's not reciprocated
Please quit
And even though ALL of America should feel proud to have you as their Commander in Chief, there are still plenty of us who are! #DonistheMan
God Bless  our service men and God Bless you and you family Mr President.
Ignore the hate you're doing a great job
Happy birthday mr trump MAGA
And We the People are so incredibly proud of you Sir. HAPPY BIRTHDAY MR. PRESIDENT 
Lol.  Commander in chief.  lol.
Сречен роденден Доналде, да си ни жив и здрав
生日快乐
We are proud that you are our President!
If I was a soldier it would embarrass me to know Trump was my Commander In Chief - would I risk my life for this Lying Fool. No.
SO happy your CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION was announced to the public on your birthday! Couldn't have happened to a more deserving criminal!
Happy Belated Birthday to you President Trump! I STAND WITH U ALWAYS & I'm so sorry you have had to spend your presidency in this witch hunt
Wear your sailor suit there, #BoneSpur?
People of the Yemen are being killed with British & American Bombs cause our Fu**ing so called Leaders won't stop selling Arms.
Thank you President Trump for acknowledging our soldiers sacrifice!
One day, Donny, munchkin, I hope that they have the sense to disobey one of your stupid orders!
Thanks! I am so happy to see you in action, President Trump! You are doing great, despite what the leftist media would have us believe!
just a shame you were never 'proud' enough to serve alongside.
You thank them yet take their healthcare away. Shame on you!
These people deserve the best care but you don't think so.
Draft dodger
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRESIDENT TRUMP!! SO PROUD OF YOU!! THANK GOD FOR YOU!! BRILLIANT ON EVERY LEVEL!!
No Patrick, it’s not the entire army’s birthday
Wish we could say the same. But we can't. Because you are an embarrassing disgrace. #Idiocracy #GoAway #Resist #WorstPresidentEver
Allot more brave than you SAD
Dear God! We've watched for 40 years this is the 1st time you e ever wished someone other than urself a happy Birthday!
the feeling isn't mutual, condescending #asshat
More like spoiled brat in chief. It's no secret that you have zero respect for the military but hey if it inflates your ego than whatever
Wait, so Kushner & Bannon do all the work and still let you call yourself "Commander In Chief"? You showed them big guy!
thank you Mr Trump
Didn't you insult veterans and POW's once?
It is time to quit catering to the Dem-witchhunt. There is no one on the Democrat side that is a friend of The USA.
