About damn time.
Please, please, please let that McDonald's food catch up with you.
Thank you #AHOLE for doing nothing but hurting this country & thank you for the 40% increase (now $16K fam of 2) to our HC coverage #YouSuck
You do know it is not Trumps fault you have a 40% increase in HC and did not hurt the country..

THESE IMMIGRANTS ARE SERVING TRUMP AND HIS FRIENDS AT A $750/ PERSON NEW YEARS BASH TONIGHT AND DURING THE SEASON! WHAT IS COULD FOR THE GOOSE IS NOT GOOD FOR THE GANDER AKS TRUMP:
#Release the Memo!!!!!!!!!
#MAGA
@Rose4Justice Obama should be sitting before a Grand Jury for swearing an oath using a forged Certified B/C according the forensics and Lawyers and Law Enforcers....Then just Nullify his entire Obamacare bill if he's charged with usurping the office of the POTUS
Yes yes yes yes
Amen God bless you President Trump we the people love you
284 days since your empty threat, @realDonaldTrump 

Come on, Mr President; walk the walk and back up that big boy talk !!

#RescindCongressionalExemptionsNOW
It came you signed it
@Rose4Justice Obamacare only protects Muslims and Illegals from paying for health care and it's death care for legal Americans, punishment, and enslaves Americans to Taqiyya and forces Americans to pick up the tab for the Muslims living expenses and holds them about U.S. Law
still waiting
We don't need bailouts for insurance comp. for members of Congress. they need to have the same insurance as the rest of the nation until done away with.
Get er done!!
What's the holdup, Mr President ?
Why can't we all have the same healthcare options and subsidies that our "representatives" do ?

So far your July 29th tweet is just an empty threat.

Walk the walk and back up that big talk, Mr President.

#rescind_congressional_exemptions_NOW
Way to go!
You are on a roll. Should have done so from the begin ningún so the do nothing politicians would have an incentive to get er done. MAGA
Finally! A man of Integrity!
They should have access to the same benefits afforded the American Citizens! What's good for the goose is good for the gander. Since "Geese" is how they refer to the American public, maybe politians should look in the mirror and identify with us.
it should end!!!!! 
This shouldn't be a threat but a promise!
Government has no business in our healthcare.  Dump the garbage obama care and give it back to the private sector.
Absolutely, you DO it!! Call for No recesses..!! So tired of their BS. They need to know the pay for play is ENDING w DJT
Hit them hard Mr. President. We the People are tired of being given the finger by Congress and the media.
Amen
No argument here Ron. Hopefully nature will speed up it's grip on our illustrious Senator McCain and he will depart this world quickly.
An appropriate title for a man that is as true a piece of shit as I have ever known.
Hillary won the popular vote.
Who cares if she "won" the popular vote. There were ineligible voters in CA & WA, & OR, & NYC. Illegal aliens were allowed to vote.
perfect response for do nothing politicians. Don't deserve bailo uta if they do not approve better health care plan. Good job.
perfect response for do nothing politicians. Don't deserve bailo uta if they do not approve better health care plan. Good job
How can pepole blame him when Congress cant get anything done. Blame the swamp not rhe guy trying for you
Put them on ObamaCare and see how they like it
Sock it to 'em Donald!  Hit 'em where it hurts.. in their greedy big ol' wallet.
@realDonaldTrump In 2017 I paid $7 a month for after the $325/mo tax credit. My BCBS of FL coverage was only affordable based on Obamacare. I kept my doctor and never paid over $10 copay and $2 Rx. For 2018 my costs will be $165mo. A cost 20 x more than in 2016, explanation why?
This is now no longer affordable for me to keep. So is this the result you wanted when you said Republicans should just let Obamacare implode? Please stop claiming to #MAGA by tampering with what is already great for millions of Americans.
Yes
If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly, BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress ...
It Looks like you are half way there!  If it is good enough for us then let's ask Members of Congress to join Ocare. Sure Dems won't mind!
End them!
PLEASE JUST DO IT SIR SO THESE FOOLS IN CONGRESS KNOW EXACTLY WHAT THE PEOPLE ARE DEALING WITH. HOW CAN THEY MAKE LAW WITH NO CONCEPT? @CNN
.@realDonaldTrump 
YES. Do it.
Are you seriously threatening the American People by with holding money?? yeah, that's leadership... we're not one of your ex's
STOP YOUR THREATS... ALL YOUR FAULT 100%. would not need a new HC bill if you had a plan in place. but YOU DIDN'T!!! ALL ON YOU!!!
Amen
Mr. President, Americans want Congress to have same insurance benefits as the plan they impose on us. Simple. 

Drain. The. Swamp.
What about the 65 million who didn't vote for him? We don't want to be Russian stooges.
Russia Russia Russia bahahahahaha
President Trump, you are absolutely brilliant! 
Lady, what planet are you from?
The good ole US of A! Proud American, am I! Totally informed & can see what Trump is doing to help our country!  Read "The Art of the Deal!"
You mean the book that Trump's ghost writer basically had to cut and paste together because he couldn't get coherent statements from Trump?
When will you get it? Trump doesn't give a damn about anything but his money, his power, and his rich allies.
See, Kaylee, you ARE unaware of ALL Trump has done for people. You only wish you could do a tenth of what he has done.
Do tell, what has he done that has benefited ANYONE besides his wealthy cronies, political allies, corporations, and foreign governments?
Border protection! Have you followed anything abt the illegals, the drug & people smuggling? It has drastically reduced b/c of Trump! 
You will learn that you simply cannot bully your way through this. We have laws and we have integrity. #resignnow  @realDonaldTrump
We have a little thing known as Balance of Power. There are three branches of government, not that you are aware of this. @realDonaldTrump
Trump believes he is a Dictator or a King and he is neither
He's getting away with a lot more than any other pres & with that power he's feeling as if he is King & his children is Royal fam.
Yes, and each time media shows him I change the channel but he's everywhere. Sickening and demoralizing. I wish he would just go away.
America without Trump, what a dream
We work to elect POTUS, they work against everything we want. Tax will be next thing they have to go on vacation, they will not have time to
All planned. They never had any intention of repealing o-care.
Agreed...Republicans thought Trump would lose too...so same old same old lies from em
Agreed. This the status quo R Party, just with diff Pres. Inept, don't govern, embarrassment to democracy. #loserparty
We finally have the right President and repbcn party can't get on board.  wth
I'm a #nevertrump Republican. I think the R Party is about to split -- physically. This isn't sustainable. Different visions for future.
Two parties...one big gov
..the other small gov
 Some Rs need to switch to big gov where they belong. Middle class always for small gov
They have grown Government so large it's unmanageable. Needs cut down to managedable size.
EO order that Congress will not receive bailouts for ACA. Bet that will get them off their butts to do something
Put congress under Obamacare. ASAP
Always make small decisive steps forward.....
The big, grandiose plans & wishes will come in their own time ...
Meanwhile,
Make progress...
Please take it away from Congress
Do it, Mr. Prez. If Obuzzardcare is good for us, it's good for Congress.
OBSCENE WEALTH but the nation cannot ensure access to affordable health care 4 all= when money buys power poverty injustice grows
Taxes are paying for @realDonaldTrump corruption before the election, and now a year into his presidency. Everyday brings unprecedented actions and words by @realDonaldTrump trying push backwards.  Progress always occurs when the US overcomes mistakes of the past.
YES!!!  Congress must live with laws they pass. Please do this!!
Take them down a peg or 2 Mr, President. Make them live under the laws the cowards pass.
Awesome...level the playing field!
Seriously?  If you really want them to act quickly then end the bailouts now!
Do it anyway. Now.
Thank you
For??? I can't think of one thing that he needs to be Thanked for. Nothing has been accomplished.
Yes, yes, yes!
Stop ILLEGAL subsidies to Congress & #DCswamp & NFL. PERIOD!
GOOD !!! Thank you ! 
Why wait? Drain that swamp and cut off the $$$$
Put congress on Obamacare
You obviously care more about your own ego than the lives of U.S. citizens.  So very presidential, sir.  Sad!

@bubipin https://twitter.com/bubipin/status/891561010254954497 … 
then the next month even tighter so late again maybe with a different card with same issue...
You will make this country burn.  But we will not give in.  We will rebuild, stronger than ever, from the ashes of democracy.
they should have the same health insurance that they say is good for all of the U.S.citizens!  No exceptions for anyone!
Yes!! Please do this!
Threats now? Said like a true dictator.
Please do it immediately
One way or another you're going to get your way right?
OOOHHHH YES PKEASE NOW! 
the worst President ever. The Trump name will  be remembered along with all the other evil men in history.
Why are you so concerned with getting a quick Healthcare Bill versus a good health care bill that will insure the most Americans
Everyone knew it would implode
TrumpCare is deathcare!
So?
Right on!! That should get these idiots moving...
Good luck your executive power doesn’t reach that far.
@realDonaldTrump
Hurting the poor & sick in a petulant tantrum is not what Presidents of this country do. What kind of monster are you?!
I think that's called sabotage 
Thank John MCcain
Please pull the subsidies from our disgraceful congress
A lack of governance while trying to impeach a president will do that.
No one should be exempt@
fund obamacare till it implodes on it own period. and then cut bailouts for insurance companies and congress
This repeal of congress subsidies and exemption from oc must be done. We the ppl voted for you to do just that. DTS. Do it. Ppl need this
Crazy=U let ppl wit health care tell u that u don't need health care & you (for some crazy reason) believe it & tell GOP hurry n take it!
You just secured your reelection if you go through with it!
Please NO MORE BAILOUTS FOR ANYONE! ESPECIALLY CONGRESS!
PRESIDENT TRUMP!! Please sign executive order putting all of Congress on Obamacare. Insurance would  finally get fixed.
Do it now cancel that shit right now before u have lunch with McConnell

Mr. President, please do what you can to make congress equal citizens to us.
Take it from them now!! Enough is enough - this healthcare is taking over 1200.00 a month from my little family. We deserve better. NOW!
We Got them on the run now lol
Way to go Mr Trump get them
The RINO’s and leftwing were warned... once again President Trump is right! #IStand #RepealAndReplace #SupportOurPresident
Do it. Now. #AmericaFirst 
@realDonaldTrump
I know that you wouldn't let the elderly or the very sick go without medical help... you can expand medicaid to them if needed.
That's the way.. can't wait.
Thank you President Trump and then the pharmaceutical companies. 
#MAGA
YES! Do it! The shouldn't have been exempt if the bill was so "good" The middle class shouldn't be stuck with unemployed people.
Do it now. Let them live by the laws they impose on others.
Funny how the leftist idiots love to follow people they hate The Don doesn’t even read your lame ass tweets 7 more years of winning enjoy
About time let congress feel american ppl pain
One down end their exemptions
finally make congress live like the folks... cut out The give aways... MAGA
Stand your ground Mr. President and drain the swamp.  I didnt get to keep my doctor.
Can you also help with mandates requiring everyone to purchase healthcare or be fined? Employers required to cover everyone?
Ty POTUS drain the swamp
If a single person(potus)can sabotage a mayor legislation that needed 60 votes to passed then WTF with need legislation.
shall you congressmen whip out your penis appendages and allow us to openly worship them? that's what men in power expect isn't it?
even you son is against sexual harassment protection for women. said they should quit, go be a kindergarten teacher
why do you hate women so much?
MEANWHILE, we get to pay for your viagra regardless of the moral outrage. why can't you see how ass-backwards your taking the country?
tax payers would rather pay for healthcare then war built on lies.
Empathy is oxygen for the soul. Short of breath due to lack of heath care? Get expanded empathy.
No, CSR subsidies are not bailouts https://www.factopolis.com/claims/csr-subsidies-are-bailouts/ …
Sure is a lot of Russians troll... liking this tweets. So many new accounts
Congress and Senate should have to live by the same laws and rules, retirement, and healthcare mandates as all citizens.
Well, you just gave the midterm elections to the Dems.  I suspect they will be very happy.
#DonaldTrump - Grassy Knoll, asshole.
So now Americans don't have health insurance and that includes the idiots who voted for you
You are so sorry mean vindictive hateful nasty rude and lover of only yourself. Omg!!!!
Taking away help for lower & middle class. Saying  'insurance companies' but he's coming for  YOUR ins. Raising YOUR ins Rates. Think ppl.
McCain is a traitor and should be fired

If it's good enough for the commoners, it's good enough for those who are themselves as elitists! Do it Prez, do it.

I have the same dream, BUT with all of tRump's supporters leaving for Russia, a country more in line with your asinine thinking!

Heh-heh! 
Watch this... Obama was a much better POTUS!
Works every time!
Why not make congress live by the same laws they pass for us??? Congress should live with obamacare too
Take the bull by the horns, take away their health ,I have to pay 900 a month and live on budget of 2800 a month,is that fair 64 can't work
You mad bro?
I think you're doing a great job buddy. Keep them accountable and keep going on the good fight.
Really?  You going to treat our healthcare like your TV show? Really? Stupid.
DO IT!! Put Congress in the same crap bucket they put all Americans! Enough is enough. Time for Congress to smell the crap.
..Then tehy'll magically come up with a new plan that works REAL FAST.
Yes! :-)
Threats. Wow
Why wait?  Stop the subsidies now.
Why is there fucking bailouts
Right things are never bad in the long term. Do it very soon!
I think obama knew this would happen forcing us to go to a one payor system.

Are you bullying  again normal for you
Threats is all you know. Go ahead  keep this shit up because it justs dooms you and @GOP more and more each time. Digging your own hole.
Thank you Mr. President !!!  We have to start somewhere.
In my opinion, if #Trump unilaterially stops BAILOUTS for insurance companies then he should be held accountable for the associated deaths.
, Congress needs 2 abide by the same rules as the American ppl if they pass it same goes for them
H e e e l
trump, do you really read these tweets?
What world do you live in Mr. Trump? Learn insurance. There has never been a bail out of an insurance Company. I
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
negotiate pricing with hospitals make hospitals give you a menu with pricing also and negotiate drug prescription prices to
Bravo - end the subsidies- what nonsense!  Not an economically sustainable plan from the get go!  Let congress take the medicine
__Congress is the poster child for spoiled entitled brat. Do as I say, not as I do. Let them live by their own laws.
#WeThePeople stand firm with you President Trump! #MAGA
The sooner your administration implodes from your crippling incompetence and stupidity, the better off our country will be.
Do it now.
Do it,this is long overdue .How
shamefull
of them
