Even @SenJohnMcCain ? Remember he got captured?
If they don't they will need to find another job. The Rep will loose mid terms if they can't do healthcare,tax reform, wall,etc.
I want the insurance you have . what insurance agency do u have!
You mean kill millions of people.
Stop it. When are you going to tweet about the Afghan suicide bomb?

No just a bunch of mindless drones who are stuck in the past elected Donald J Trump
The GOP goal is to TAKE AWAY healthcare from MILLIONS. These GOP Senators are heartless people.
Trump 2020!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@jack @TwitterSafety hi jack. This troll account here waiting for you to nix it. As you said you’ve been doing. My pleasure to bring them to you 
Wonderful family. Best President ever!!!!
Lol. You got 7 yrs snowflake. Then Jr. Takes over. Then Ivanka. Then Barron. So much winning! I love this picture! Best president ever!!!
Dream on  I’m glad you have a dream even though it’ll never come to fruition 
"Covfefe" means @CNN and fox news should be registered as political parties!
Your mother should have swallowed
I am on your side with this. We need better health care coverage. You are doing an awesome job President Trump! 
Fuckin asshole Fuckin asshole Fuckin asshole Fuckin asshole Fuckin asshole Fuckin asshole Fuckin asshole Fuckin asshole Fuckin asshole Fuck
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 7 Months, 20 Days, 3 Hours, 54 Minutes, and 46 Seconds
+4 yrs... GUARANTEED!!! You may want to leave the country.
Add saved $'s to billionaires pockets like yours and ins co's. There I finished your tweet for you. We're watching your every covfefe move!
Right becuase that's the kind of thing you just whip together...like making a sandwich. /facepalm
No wonder the insurance companies are withdrawing from ACA. they can make tons more money if it fails
We hope so too! Regular Americans are SICK of Obamacare! Sick of the penalties!
Thanks you president Trump..
Are you serious? I am one of those who wouldn't have access to health care, so you are saying sucks to be you... smh

they're traitorous scum who long ago put party before country, not good people. But they'll probably still do it, more cost, less coverage.
if you would just repeal it instead of trying to implement TrumpCare... it would already be done
Saving $s for wealthy at expense of poor, middle class, older Americans and sick people. "Good people" don't do that #WillfullyIgnorant
Think we'll focus on planet instead
I saw your schedule and I know for a fact you're supposed to be in a meeting right now.
Stalker
thank you for alerting me – most stalkers are more subtle than you 
although not nearly as handsome (as your obviously real profile picture shows). 
Trumpcare is trash! More then a tax cut for people like the Koch brothers. Making it financially out of reach or kicking off 23 million.
NOW they're all "good people"?!? Hmm.
So you can "add saved $" to your portfolio? Covfefe!
Bieber fan. That days it all
your word means nothing. Chronic liar and grifter donald trump. #45worstpresidentever
American governtment now has to choose between money and health. Lildonnie wants you to choose money
#JesusHasCome
http://Supremegod.org 
Bible-REVELATION1:8
Almighty says "I am the first and the last”.
“And this mess is so big 
And so deep and so tall, 
We cannot pick it up. 
There is no way at all!” 
― Dr. Seuss, The Cat in the Hat
But God is Very Kind.
Our True Guardian.
Add saved $....for the wealthy. Add unaffordable costs to the middle class and elderly. Price out the poor. U should finish your sentences.
Hopefully Trumpcare will be shot down in the Senate.
The should if they listen to their voters
Mr President You might have to knick a few of them in their ass to get them going,  You know some of them have been in the swamp to long
You're the leader of the Republican Party. Get them in the White House and get a deal done. Do your job, Mr. President. Look to Reagan.
Don't even compare - seriously.  He couldn't carry Reagan's briefcase.
So, Canadian. Living in Moscow (not Idaho I presume) giving snide remarks about our  President. Yeah, I'm going to respect that opinion.
I was complimenting Reagan, he was a president to.  Your prez has comments about everyone else's leader so I returned the favour(favor)
Unlikely.  The country would be better off if you would resign.
Repeal/Replace dysfunctional Obamacare with State based system is not only for good Republican Senators, but for good Southern Democrats too
Save money not lives.. the trump and GOP moto.
24 to 26 million people remaining sick and without coverage is not something to advertise donnie. Just stick with #covfefe, it was cuter
that's funny there's only 11 million on obomacare
Do you realize what your actions on climate change can mean to the health of every American ?
67% plus are in favor of Paris. Most corporations are. Even Russia is a member. Donnie is a destructive dumshit
67% of those in favor of climate control could just read Revelation if they really want to know the future
Okay, you believe in God. What do you think He'll have to say to us for our treatment of this world he's given us? I doubt it's "good job"
Fantastic response.  Most church leaders of all denominations support it. Just the far right crazies in the US do not.
Most church leaders do NOT  support climate change only the liberal churches that have thrown out the inerrancy of the Bible have.
You do know that Jesus was for healing the sick, feeding the poor, loving your fellow mankind, etc., right? Jesus would not approve of Dump!
President Trump is a surprising answer to prayer.
Hopefully Republican Senators, good people all, can quickly get together and pass a new (repeal &amp; replace) HEALTHCAR...
I agree completely. When revamping 1/6 of the entire US economy, we should move very quickly and in a partisan manner.
seriously, can you get the guy back who wrote the #covfefe tweet ...
Dude doesn't have a grasp of English language. Was giggle-worthy upon first view, but the running joke should stop. Inept POTUS isn't funny.
Trump is like "watch these snowflakes lose their mind over a word I'm about to make up" absolutely gut wrenching
Nah, his thought process doesn't work that way.
Lol, Trump doesn't have a thought process, silly! It's just a conglomeration of inaudible words and elevator music.
Just a simple typo,  became the greatest twitter game of all time.
Just a simple typo of many from the man who is supposed to be elegant and classy and .. well .. the president sadly
.@POTUS #OperationFightFireWithFire #MAGA #PATRIOT #StopTheScalpings @seanhannity
.@POTUS #OperationFightFireWithFire #MAGA #PATRIOT #StopTheScalpings @seanhannity
Stfu nobody likes u
They're not all good. Why did you feel the need to say that? Another lie.
Murderer
Yep screw all us over 60...why should any of you rich (R) pols w/free healthcare think twice?
American lives matter
You are clueless
At the expense of the poor
This is the baddest bill created, you are a fool!
I'm da baddezt bitch!!
You need a better picker. Your good people include Flynn the liar and O'reilly the wife beater.
Covefefe Trumpwhitehouse lieput countryover cliff
you made a mistake there. None of the republican senators are good people. If they were they'd be justice democrats #swamp
Add to the suffering of prople
seriously the swamp can't/won't get anything good done for normal Americans.  Reb/dems all looking for themselves
Healthcare is not an enumerated power. Period. 

Repeal.  Period. 

Replace... not your place Congress. 
Not your place Mr. President.
And WITHDRAW from the Paris Climate Change,  Government controlled healthcare is not healthcare, IS population control=who gets to live...
FALSE
Republican Senators are busy dusting off their resumes. All will be out of a job. You may have solved the term limits issue. Yay Donnie!
Why do you lie so much? You even had Sean lie about a typo? Who does that? Who even cares? So Sad!
Great plan - Cover all the healthy people and screw the people that really need it! To think I used to admire you; now I can't stand you!
Yes Mr President Trump with God's will the Republicans need to unite with u Mr President Trump
Nobody is talking healthcare. It's all about Russia. You can't deflect.
Not going to happen.
There was nothing wrong with obama care. You just didn't like it cause a black man did something great and you can never match it
oh yea saved $ so you can bill taxpayers to put more cash in your pocket.  BIG scam all around
Donald, Republicans aren't interested in HEALTHCARE they are interested in paying back the HEALTH INSURANCE industry for funding their party
Right, you can't wait to save $'s on your taxes.  Disgusting, repeal is just a cover for lining pockets of the rich. Very few like the bill.
For you Mr. President? Or me?
You me a "for the rich only" healthcare bill.  The rich getting richer via your tax package, health care bill, arms deals, EPA repeals
I certainly hope so I'm sick of the negative press and their constant 'nit-picking' negative minds. Watch what u tweet, don't give them amo!
Who is going to save $$$ not@the idiots who voted for u
Well done sir! It's much easier to fool people than to convince them they've been fooled. Perfect axis of a good con job!
How about saving lives, not money?
While you continue to do less then nothing.
Shore up the financing and increase the coverage!
THIS makes a HEALTH CARE PLAN!
Anything less is INSURANCE COMPANY SURVIVAL PLAN!
Sir, the way this reads you say those who aren't Republican are the good people, not that you're wrong, but learn gramnar ffs.
Keep telling them 51 why worry about it
I'm ok getting rid of Obamacare. Just make sure your plan covers ALL people, including pre existing conditions! #healthcare #Obamacare
Got to give Rich those tax breaks, crook
Don't distract us from the Paris Accord.  You better sign it.
Save who $$.?? Your billionaire friends?!
Did you know Democrats are still Americans? Maybe the only real ones. Where is the President, Congress and Senators who loves America 1st?
Should not force people to buy health care if they can't afford it or don't want it - crazy expensive mess, this! Wasting time and money
"Good people," like Comey, until they turn on you--then they're "nut jobs."
Most @SenateGOP know that if they take away health care coverage from 23M Americans & give tax break to 1%, they won't be Senators for long.
Won't be happening.  Voting them all out - you with them, first opportunity.
All my millionaire friends agree
covfefe
WAKE UP AMERICA
Or Be Replaced Themselves
Good people? Good people have character, help&protect others. U will be known as the worst president in US history.Wake up!
Check your math. Your budget double counts revenue. Pretty sure that is how you bankrupted a casino. Just high class welfare recipient
Agreed! Heard the Obama care writer said it was built to fail. Is that true? IDK.  Y didn't the old1 just get a facelift?
Only way not to screw the people is to put all of congress on it...think how much money we would save if they got the same coverage
You lie and you're destroying our country.
Oh, it would save your almighty dollars all right - lives?  Not so much.....
 remember that as u lose their support due to ur involvement with Russia, republican senators good people all,u won't be saying that then
Universal healthcare now!
STOP THE BULL an DO THE JOB YOU WERE ELECTED TO DO!
The AMERICAN PEOPLE DEMAND IT!!
YOU GAINED THE TRUST now CLEAR THE DUST!!
JUSTICE MAGA!!
How bout republicans and democrats working TOGETHER???
Good people all? Even the pedophiles and the other criminals?
I bet you just cannot wait to kick out all those old people from nursing homes.  RU going to take them in and care 4 them at Trump Tower?
Not good people replacing  Obama care is a mistake you're only interest is in tearing down  everything he's ever tried to do
NO TRUMP, NO KKK, NO FASCIST  USA!!!
They always have me wondering, do they really want to do their job? And they should live by the rules they pass for the rest of us!!!
Sure saves $ kills people make America great again #getoutofthewhitehouseyoutroll
They are against the house Republican bill, which is a nightmare and will make Americans sick again
Sure, they had 7 years during which all they did was complain. Who knew it was so hard??? Everyone but you, you dolt.
I just want it Repealed
#Trumpcare 3.0 is a disaster and republicans that vote for it will lose their seats!
Hopefully these so called good repubs will vote against this bill that will kill millions. Vote against quickly!!!!!!!!!!!!!
滚犊子
Lord mercy I hope so Boss - I can't downsize the practice anymore - next step is closure.  Fingers cross.
Wrong!
Yes, save money, not lives. You are such a mess.
Universal Medicare / one-payer system for all. Every American deserves healthcare.
NO,Trumpcare is a MESS.We don't want 2 kick 14mil off healthcare next yr &23mIl by 2026.Preexisting cov a MUST, as is hospital&emergency.SAD
republican senators are ass wipes, like the house, supporting your lies!!!
Nope.  They, like you, don't know how to govern.
Do you have a 4th grader writing your tweets???
YOU & the JOKERS ON THE HILL NEED TO QUIT BEING SO MEAN AND HATEFUL.  HOPE YOU NEVER HAVE to live paycheck to paycheck. "Yes I hope you do!#
POTUS,Please cancel summer vacation boondoggles for all US politicians on the Hill. The people want them to get this passed. Get to work!
@corrupt Pakistani
Is it true half of @GOP R against @POTUS?  If so,that means half of the @GOP are against the Amer.ppl who elected him. @NRSC #VotersROn2U
We need to retweet to every member of confess n senate. Need a tweet list. Something has to get their attention n action. Autobot caller.
No change in Healthcare. Just tou in orange jumpsuit
You gotta be kidding.  You need to step dow
Why? So you can just break more promises?
Won't happen. The American public has already been sold a bill of goods. You only have till 2018 then everything comes to a grinding halt.
So that 27 million will lose their health care!  Cool Donny boy!
Donny dances with dictators while GOP thugs plot to murder over 21 million Americans.  You Hitler loving, Putin licking cretin. #Impeach45
Campaign promise of healthcare 4All need onepayer system to rein in Big Pharma n insurance from their stranglehold on Americans.
How about making our premiums lower?
Please get off Twitter and get to working on your agenda.
And if they don't, we need to repeal & replace GOP 'leadership'!
No, won't happen.
We WANT it REPEALED, we DON'T WANT it replaced! We want health insurers out of doctors' medical decisions, & competition across state lines.
With all the prayers the smarter politicians will decide to improve on Obama care! No need to kill many ppl with house bill. #DAFFYDONALD
good for you I do not I love my fellow Americans and want all to prosper not just 1 percent. Democracy will and must prevail
The sad part is the GOP is helping you with your crap don't care act !!!
The healthcare act was a sham. House just pushed it through for the senate to figure out.  It was never completed.

Want to save $? How about you and your family live under the same roof and you stop flying you & your entourage to Florida every weekend?
Complete repeal and no replace!
while preserving coverage, right?
Saving $'s for corporations is NOT SAVING MONEY FOR AMERICAN CITIZENS! #idiota
In secret, really the GOP is the obstructionists. This is wrong Dems want  2 work on these tasks. FYI McConnell resist 7.5 prior to U
That's a joke, right?
Doubt it you are a poor leader
Time for senate to work for their checks. You might need to give them some inspiration.
This Helathcare bill is horrendous & if you really believe this will save money then it's more complicated than your brain can process-SAD!
The Military/Security Complex Is Bankrupting America.
Saved money for you and your rich buds! Yay! I think you're doing this wrong.

Praying that the Holy Spirit over take the senate floor and that God provide the votes to pass the bill. Amen.
We need all Republicans to stick together and support Trump!!!!
Quickly..can not afford to carry the weight of 20 other families any longer..
Get off ur duffs and DO YOUR JOBS @GOP we voted u in; we'll vote u OUT!
Your rich friends need their tax cut damn it!!
if they don't they can pack their bags new blood will be put there
You will only save money for the rich, because the poor will die! You and everyone who passes the #AHCA are executing 24 million people.
Ummm no this statement is just plain stupid #impeach45
