Thank you for being a real mans man God Bless You President Trump and family our Nation Really Good Our beautiful country and all the blessed people Thank you for doing your elected position real job showing and telling the truth just like a real man
Important day spent at Camp David with our very talented Generals and military leaders. Many decisions made, including o...
sir i have prowde of  you my american sitizen
so glad you are president in these troubling times thank you for your service

All I can say is thank you
True leaders do not feel the need to publicize that they had meetings and made decisions. Point illustrated.
Yo
HEAVY PRAYER NEEDED. WILL SUPPORT. GOD BLESS EACH & EVERY HERO IN ATTENDANCE. MAY MINDS BE CLEAR, OBJECTIVE & PATRIOTIC 4 USA & WORLD.
34%
End DACA. Fed up with Illegals. We've lost jobs. Illegal students have replaced Americans. Executive over reach!! Send to Congress!!!!!
Not by u, all you do is have everyone else do the work, governing is hard work try it.
Pence 4 president,  he has heart n it comes naturally. U need 2 step down if you want things to get done.  U don't know how to govern.

Hopefully U shared "your plan" 2 get rid of ISIS with your generals.  We are all waiting.  Donald I know it won U the election but U funny!!
You suck! #itmf
Yeah, but not by you. All @LyingTrump knows about defence is how to dodge the draft.
why U signed a bill for gov/police to enter anyone's residence without warrant or reasonable doubt? going to create a nasty succession
This is not the kind of news the world wants to hear. Any chance you could go and play golf while everyone else makes decisions?
Que tu hace ?
If you say so, it must be true. #unpresidential #embarrASSing
Listen Agent Orange, we know you going to make war somehow, or send more troops, just for ratings. This isn't TV. It's human lives. #nottv
Who cares????
that's great
Obama pardoned drug dealers who kill our young people. Go Trump!
Boo  leave us alone. U r annoying
Lol...the fake president!!!
Leave here Satan. In JESUS Name.
Resign!!!!
Japanese tv news here is usually very polite and deferential, but they now very bluntly state that Trump is a liar.
I think you guys forgot this..
#US hosted Jalaluddin Haqqani of "Haqqani network" in the White-House
Now @realDonaldTrump tell #Pakistan to destroy US created monster 
Lol
I thought, Mr president, that you said ' I know much more than the Generals'  (paraphrased - campaign talk)Have you changed your mind?
And youre still a moron!
Gen. KELLY is shooting  you in your back. No Staff in WHITE HOUSE can Listen To ALEX JONES or Info wars.  NO Trump Supporters Allowed in WH
trump Veterans, NONE - grandfather ran away, father not enough guts, trump lied and daddy paid his way out. Disgusting and pitiful.
You sending your kids to Afghanistan or lying their way out which is normal for you or letting them run away the way the trump's usually do
Another party where you had to pay everyone to come because no one wants to play with the schoolyard bully!
afghanistan and USA
KLAN MEETING???
Maybe you could move to Afghanistan I heard they have a lot of golf courses
You are such a tweet!
These are the same Generals u were quoted as saying during the campaign as being embarrassing, ignorant and that you were much smarter than.
PLEASE SIR BE GREAT LIKE PREZ REGAN WAS U REMIND ME OF THE GREAT MAN U SIR HAVE THE SAME LUV FOR OUR SOLDIERS LIKE HE DID, THANK U
É sim
Keep up good work. Proud you are our President
 Always right.
You are the greatest
You are great and your decision is good for all people around the world including afghanistan hope to be successful in the future too.
Next time try America for a change. Afghanistan is better off without you.
Translation: the generals talked, made decisions and woke Donald up from his nap when they were done.

Talented!  Lol.  They aren't actors, performers, singers, etc.  Holy hell.
yawn
Yes Breitbart is fake news
Fire everyone around you. read brietbart. They think they run you.
No thanks to you I am sure. Send Eric to join and fight. Let's see you really sacrifice.
@realDonaldTrump I hope you kept your mouth shut for once and listened

Let us know how much you Teach them in that meeting. #resist
Sure are allot of sore looser liberals spreading the hate here because their communist & chief Hillary lost. I see #MAGA happening every day
Are you going to tweet to the parents of the missing and killed navy soldiers that you are sorry...you weren't paying attention?

You are fake news.
presidents of KKK, neo nazi and apartheid state called Israel.. Applaud..
*martyred*
So sad for him he's not successful in his own purpose btw everything need plans plus if Pakistan support taliban there armies won't be marty
Awe poor lad can't take his army troops from Afghanistan and blaming everything on Pakistan btw trump is mentally disturbed now 
Thank You for strateegizing with your Generals & Advisors! We appreciate your tough decisions to protect Americans globally. America Strong!
Trump... WE NEED TO STOP THIS WAR IN AFGANISTAN - NOTHING WE DO THERE WILL HELP!!!!!!!  PULL OUT AND FOCUS ON THE BORDERS!!!
The mess in Afghanistan was left by Obama all the supporters of Trump understand we cannot create another vacuum like Obama did in Iraq
Thank you Mr. President for working so hard to #MAGA. REGARDLESS of what the Crooked Media says, the people believe N U & support U! #MAGA
we all Indian always with U and thanks to take a good action on terrarium
After 16 years are you really going to just give us more of the same?  We will remember this.
Wee##reerwses 3e42r2e3ee22sqsw
called the killer of empires. Romans couldn't solve it, Persians couldn't solve it, Turks couldn't solve it, the Soviets couldn't solve it
Yep, Trump decided to use the same Afghan strategy Obama used years ago...
Your instincts are right no more interventions and talks with NK and Russia.
17 IS attacks in Afghanistan & 43 in Iraq in August. A goal to eliminate the highest trend; suicide car bombing of police checkpoints urgent
How was the chocolate cake? How much did you charge the generals per slice? Aren't you renaming camp David to camp Donald?
Yes the same decisions made by real presidents , George W Bush & Barack Obama!
Seeing what the decision was, on how you promised the opposite, can we conclude that you have 'bent the knee' to #deepstate? #Afghanistan
He's alright. David. He's not that camp. And I know camp!
These Generals playing you , Afghanistan is one and isolating you from truth . Matrix at the WH . Quit putting Swamp creatures around you!
Afghanistan situation the truth in video
Stick to your gut. Get us out of Afghanistan. #MAGA
and trump lost the battle against the generals
북한김정은 은지금괌으로 정조준해놓고미국에행동먼보고있답니다 김정은싸인만떨어지길기다림니다
do you have ANYTHING substantial to say to us???????  you are so full of obfuscation it isn't funny :-(
YOUR NOW ON NOTICE! For KEEPING US IN A WAR BASED ON A LIE. THAT KILLED INNOCENT AMERICANS!   9-11 WAS A CIA DEEPSTATE PLAN! WTF TRUMP??!!??
This war was never about defeating terrorism, same as Iraq. Occupation equals control of resources. People need to wake up.
You shouldn't give in to this. I'd be willing to bet the soul purpose for it has something to do with the available opium. It's all money.
Continuing a war with Afghanistan on serves to feed the corruption that's been in place since the Kennedy assassination.
I didn't know Camp David had a golf course.
Your policy about Pakistan create the uncertainty and injustices edge . it can also harmful for the world peace and good relationship
Pakistan is always against the terrorism around the world.  You should make more strong the hands of Pakistan against the terrorism .
Mr president kindly review your policy regarding Pakistan . Pakistan is the one of the best partner of USA in war & terror field .
I doubt it.
Hm
Americans can't rely on any "decisions" from your Admin because there is normally a flip-flop weeks or even days later. Creates skepticism.
搅屎棍
What talents did they have?  Were they as good as the ones were in your beauty pageants?
More made across the country in regards to your incompetence.
Venezuela?????
You should go there and run for president its your kind of town open up a trump tower there
الكل يتاابع والرد فوري 






















تاااابعوووني 
you took obamas policy and put your name on it.
The only important day to come is when you are impeached - % HATE TRUMP - BRING HIM TO HIS KNEES
Donald trump help venezuela
British then the Russians now the US. Doesn't seem like the correct move especially with the @GOP agreeing. Usually not a good sign
Sir thanks for your service,I'm a veteran, your doing a great job
it is time to end that over there like you said, hope we can soon
Slumming it lmao
And I guess it gripes Trump that he has to be at that "rustic" camp David. Not spending $3mill every weekend must hurt. Must feel like he's
Talented Military leaders,  talent isn't what we need.  They are the best of the best.  Protection of our country is their Forte.
Anytime countries like those we've been warring in do anything to any Americans hit them with our total Hellfire. Send no more troops
Do not waste any more American lives I know scum Muslims they will never change because of their religion take our military out
Time to end all business done with Afghanistan or Iraq or any other country that practices Sharia law those people hate us
What did you do sit in a corner and make up your lies for the next week
“War’s very object is victory, not prolonged indecision.”
Great job! Your problem solving skills were on full display! Thank you for using your brilliance to turn around our country!
In order to control country Afghan army is going to have to be over 1 million. 300,000 is good but not enough. Talaban,  Isis, and Al Qaeda?
Should have fired all the Obama promotions!
عالي
Why don't you leave Afghanistan to the Afghani people. You are playing with fire.
Are these the same Generals you promised to replace because you know more than all the Generals? What a joke you are.
You don't work! Our military staff work
How many American lives will be sacrificed to establish the mines of your billionaire buds?

#Trump #Evil #Nazi #ImpeachTrump #ConvictTrump
I'm so glad because I love talented generals @realDonaldTrump
More lies we all know you played golf. Liar
A good decision would be to 
#FireMcMaster
upon further reflection the wall don't be necessary, and Obama CARE sounds pretty good and lock her up means prop her up
I supported you thinking that you ain't a warlord, I was wrong. Leave Afghanistan alone please!!
War changes the narrative. Artificial Medicare intelligence fixes healthcare but requires selfless leadership and support, a legacy.
Wtf Don Jon?
You know Twitter is world wide right?
Doing your job? Or just doing a lot of golfing and blowing the US money? Hmm fat boy?
Please shut McMasters down. Wants our soldiers to kiss quran?? He's obamas man. Can you remove him & all obama leftovers?
They are all laughing at you, none respect you. Afghanistan is a war that can't be won. Makes you looks DUMB & you're just distracting US.
Got your orders from your Zionist Oligarchs? More war eh? Mr U-Turn TRAITOR!
It's not Islam but support for causing islamaphobia in the west as well as chaos in the Middle East,That's Trump policy
We need peace around the world,not support for zionism no wonder there's jihadists killing in the West.
We will never fix that sand box mess over there because Islam is the problem! Can we clean up our back yard first for a change?
GET ER DONE!! LOVE YOU!!!
Lock and load.
Venezuela is posing a danger to America . They have Russia,  Iran, China,  and a host of other communist regimes tring to take control
You will Not Win the Hearts of Americans by creating More WAR!!!
Let's take out North Korea now before they get any more missles and Iran at the same time ....
When will you decide to resign? Or are you waiting for articles of impeachment? 
Good Hookup!
Mr. President sir, I support you, make America great again!
LOL @ "talented Generals". This isn't a reality show, you dopehead 
Now it's our generals, what happened to my generals?
Your Afghan "policy" is nothing more than a cont. quagmire into a never ending conflict than only breeds more terrorists! #clueless #NoPlan
you are a mental case if you believe Breitbart is real news.
