Do you understand what your replacement bill will do besides just replacing ObamaCare?
How are you trump
I think you mean "The republican who save millions of American lives by standing up to a toddler."
And that’s a bad thing?
Do a full repeal and build the fucking wall already.
We must repeal Obamacare now! No more time to waste!
Obamacare is an utter disaster, we must repeal it as soon as possible!
Obamacare was built on a lie and foisted on the American people in the dead of night.
Obama's Obamacare legacy. We must repeal the disaster known as Obamacare.
President Trump was correct when he called Obamacare an absolute disaster. Congress must hurry up and repeal the damn thing!
Keep up the fight @POTUS! We must repeal the disaster known as Obamacare!
Why?
#dotard BULLY!
We will just call them "heros" but you go with whatever you want Don!
Maybe they will be known as a hero for voting against a bill that 80% Americans do NOT want
Interesting that the USA health care bill was written by old men (dotard's) WHERE THE HELL ARE THE USA WOMEN (young or old)
Whoever votes for it is only voting for political reasons not to benefit the American ppl stop being a #Dotard
I think you meant to say "the Republican who didn't try to kill his constituents."
Hopefully, the lives of millions matter enough for plenty of our representatives to carry that honor forward with them.
He'll be in great company
#BREAKING: All 50 Medicaid directors come out against GOP bill to repeal ObamaCare http://hill.cm/h25skCt  
What is this? A grade school playground? Will they have cooties too?
You snake killer in your pit with your comrade snakes ruining our country in every way. Your people r not smart enuf to have #Medicare4All
This is SO Russian propaganda.. #russiandotards
Don't worry. These lib idiots are so brainwashed by their puppet masters they can't think with their own mind. They are lead on a leash
This is so right on.
Anyone who can use their brain vs accepting anything Fox News says knows this bill will KILL MILLIONS OF AMERICANS by removing healthcare.
You act like that's a bad thing. #YouAreAHorridPersonAndShouldFeelBadForWhatYoureDoingToOurCountry #FuckYouTrump
So they'll be considered heroes by the 80% or more of the population that don't want repeal of Obamacare.
By the way, #dotard is the perfect name for you!
resign
And they should be proud of it. Shame on you for trying to kill it, and us.
Thank God for @RandPaul #smarterthanPOTUS
Repeal bill breaks every promise u made about access and affordability. 30 million lose Hcare altogether. Very ill can't afford at all.
They'll be known as the Rs who wanted to protect & save Americans lives. That's what caring people do. #WWJD #TheyCouldBeHeroes
I might actually vote for a republican if he voted no on Graham-Cassidy. Wait, no probably not but I'd thank them for their intelligent vote
AKA "A Hero."
Reverse psychology doesn't suit you... Morality will save Obamacare and the 32 million about to lose their cover.
#DotardTrump
And will also be known as someone not bamboozled by the BS. You don't care what gets passed, you only care so you can brag about signing it.
@realDonaldTrump thinks this is an insult, but it's a spectacular compliment!
Instead of calling it "Hcare Bill", call it "TrumpCare". Test your brand and willingness to stand behind it, Do you have the courage?
Callate.
You will forever be known as one the worst Republican Presidents, if not the worst.
John McCain is a freaking Democrat he has never helped people of Arizona I don’t know why they keep voting him in

#HerpesHiliary
And maybe that's not the worst thing?
I mean, you'll be remembered as a disaster
I clearly remember you saying "Healthcare is so EASY!"
Come on Rand! We need Bob Kerrey Summer '93, not John McCain Summer '17.
Resign.
And we'll say Thank You to them.
Its 6 in DC
We call them 'heroes'
The fact that some Republicans think owning healthcare is a good political move just shows you how clueless they are
He should just put out a bill changing the name of Obamacare to trumpcare.  That would pass with bipartisan support
And lock up 2020 for whoever else runs
Liberals hate America and want to see this bill fail so they can have an excuse to implement communism (aka socialism)
Saying socialism is the same@as communism is like saying conservatism is the same as nazism. Read a book and drop the hyperbole
It's all Trump and his supporters have. Hyperbole and propaganda. The stupidity of their statements proves it. The pretend to know it all
Do you realize you just utilized the stupid hyperbole you're calling out conservatives for?Assuming ALL are the same=proof of your hypocrisy
Plus, xenophobe, white supremacist, racist, misogynist, Anti-Semite.  Talk about hyperbole?  I'm literally shaking right now.
Your hatred has consumed you.   You need more adjectives.
No hatred at all. Everything I stated as well as what you stated is facts about the POTUS. You must be projecting your own feelings.
Your bill isn't health care at all. It simply takes care away from upwards of 30 million Americans. You should read these bills beforehand.
he is incapable of reading anything greater than 140 characters
Hahaha! #45soeffingretardedPOTUS 
#dotard
@realTrumpNews 
@realDonaldTrump
Passing a bill without reading it! Sounds familiar.   "We must pass the bIll to find out what's in it".    Repeal Obamacare!!
Bot
It cost around 400 a month for a one person on Obamacare. A family plan cost over 1,000 a month, that's the very basic plan.
I pay4two ppl 16000$ a year 4 #Obamacare and its goin up. Im dropping insurance and if I have a problem Ill go to Hosp. Say my name is Jose
You can be Jose Karen Patriot. I'll be Pablo Diego José Francisco de Paula Juan Nepomuceno María de los Remedios Cipriano de la Santísima.
This is ludicrous. Not even remotely true.
Think of a plan that is not cruel
This ain't even second grade playground material....GTFOH WIT THAT WEAK SHIT
...because the alternative would have KILLED TOO MANY PEOPLE.
.@realDonaldTrump
That would be a GREAT thing... probably guarantee he gets into Heaven.
That will be quite the honor #countrybeforeparty
Time for the Republican OBSTRUCTIONIST to go.
And they will be a damn hero. Get out ahead of something for once
And you will be forever known as #dotarddonald
Thank you @RandPaul  @SenJohnMcCain for loving us "We the people"
The republicans that vote against this bill are the only ones that have a sincere allegiance to their constituents and not the money lobby.
You want Obama Care repealed because you are upset the first Black potus humiliated you. Retaliating by reversing all his accomplishments.
Too bad,  if the health care bill fales.
Or the Republican that wouldn't rip healthcare away from millions of Americans. The #GrahamCassidyBill is a disaster.
Nothing wrong with that.
Lol you fucking kook
You say that like it's a bad thing...
And that's a good thing 
and you'll forever be known as the dipshit that did nothing but fuck our country up.
I think you meant to say heros...
Good
Or as a Rebulican that put the American people before party. How brave! You could learn from this, open your eyes!
Which will honor them for there conscience, respectability.
They will be more known as the people who didn't allow people die in the streets even if that wasn't Rand Paul's intention, but I regress.
And they will have the gratitude of 23,000,000 Americans that would have lost health care. We need Medicare For All. MFA is our salvation.
That’s not a bad thing...
No. He won't. But even if he did, it's better than what the world will remember about you as president.
Hip hip hooray!He'd be a worldwide hero, since everyone knows u r a lying traitor & prefer to see people die to make an extra $ for yourself
You have shown no interest in learning your job . Please shut up. You are not qualified to control anything! Shut up
That would be good! Someone with the courage to stand for his constituents and the America people.  Someone who will not sell the poor.
I finally realize who you remind me of....a teenage mean girl, who uses nice-nasty bullying to have your way! #worstpotusever
#9monthsofhell
Good! You, on the other hand, will be in prison.
Fuck off
And a true American Hero, unlike some fat, useless, mop-headed orange orangutan of a president.
fwiw  Liberals are loving McCain, he's their hero!  I see a sick, bitter
 old man.
...or the "republicans who saved health care for millions of people"
false...@RandPaul  is a real conservative who wants full repeal... not this half ass crap that you and other RINOs want, to appease the DNC
Fixed it *whoever votes against Hcare Bill, will forever (future political campaigns) be known as "the Republican who saved AMERICAN lives."
Pretty sure that's a good thing.
And we will be proud of them for doing the right thing for Americans
and will keep thier seat.  A vote for Hcare Bill will be a vote to end political careers.  No partisanship here....just fact.  We promise u.
Someone has to, lives are at stake
And you'll be the Republican that tried numerous times to bring it down but also saved Obamacare
Amen Sir!
You have no idea how bad this bill is!  Why don't you read it?
They'll be known as heroes!
How about naming the traitor McCain?  At least Rand Paul is a patriotic American.
That sounds Fucking heroic actually.
That a good title
1. Obamacare isn't free to non-workers.
2. The lowest cost in KS is $92/mth for one person. This is for the 25k and under range.
Canadian surgeon who spoke at summit when Clinton was trying to get socialize med passed
The only reason u want to kill Obamacare is because Obama did it and u want the money to give the rich a tax break. Your a racist
Just like I'm gonna thank @lisamurkowski for standing up to your grade school bully tactics
What is wrong with that?  He must know how to FIX a flat tire!

https://www.carper.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/why-do-we-need-the-affordable-care-act …


I would hope so.
And they will be loved for it. You are so out of touch.
Will be remembered as hero's....after BiPartisan debates and eventually a new Health Care bill to follow@that@both sides agree on.
They will forever be known as the Republican who stood up to a bully. Respect
Pathetic! You're a childish bully. An embarrassment with which the world has never seen before. Sad! #WorstPresidentEver #ImpeachTrump
They will be known as the caring elected officials who put party politics aside & demonstrated care & concern about the health of Americans!
And America will love them for it...

The ultimate question on Graham-Cassidy.

Feel free to share if it helps people. 
Why don't you call it what it is? The "Affordable Care Act" or ACA. This is what Americans need & want, an ACA! #bipolarPOTUS
Thats great!!! Yea!!!!!
Remember this @JohnMcCain
And do you will be will be known as what?
And we’ll forever be indebted to him, even if his intent was to screw even more people out of healthcare than you.
And they will also be known as heroes.
Shut the fuck up you self serving ignorant Ass..... You are so jealous of President  Obama.... You egotistical fat ass
Instead of insulting people, how about you read what's in your damn bill. Everything you've said about it is incorrect.
You don't even know what is in the bill you twit
Thank you! Now they will all want to do it! Good work, finally .
And will enjoy our respect for his bravery
And Americans with pre-existing conditions will be grateful to them.
And you'll always be the jerk who tried to take health insurance away from 32 million people!
. I applaude everybody vote against new hcare bill. It should be about people, not obsessive anti-Barrackism. #impeachtrump
And?
Rand Paul? Please vote NO ! The people you represent will be grateful !
It's UR lack of leadership helping Congress define UR version of really great healthcare. U said it would B better than ACA. So far it's not
No, they'll be known as the brave who stopped millions from losing their healthcare. The brave who defied the brain-dead Orange Scumbag.
And as a traitorous coward!  A yellowed belly treasonous SNAKE
And also as "the Republican who saved usA from TrumpDumpCare", you DONT care about usA, just about the TrumpDumo brand!
I think that's still better than the republican who let millions of Americans die
@SenJohnMcCain !!!
Who cares what you think you won't be around much longer to threaten anybody -illegal one
Actually if this passes, you and the GOP will go down as evil people who took away healthcare from millions.
Yay! Save ACA! Save lives! Fix ACA for all Americans! Rand Paul will be re-elected for saving ACA!
Better to be known as the "B who F'd America?" Probably so....
(Future political campaigns) (you think there is a future???)
Which will help them because we (America) like & respect Obama who was smart, articulate, good leader. You are the worst liar, cheater ever.
It is just a start! It can be tweaked ! Idiot obstructionist! Who is paying them?
Actually, 'the #Republicans who saved their party AND thousands of lives'.
And you will be known as 'America's biggest #DotardPOTUS '.
They will be carried shoulder high as heroes and champions for the common man, defenders of all that is good & humane #ProtectObamacare
#WorstPresidentEver
Stop being a fricking bully. If he doesn't vote yes he's doing what he thinks is best for the people of this country
Well good for them.
If they save it, they should be forced to live with it themselves. #DoItDonald !
Mmmm
He or she should have that tattooed on thier forhead
And what's the problem with that?
Instead of ranting & crying, why not come up with healthcare that is fair and has bipartisan support? Your tweets are just toddler tantrums.
No, they'll be known as the ppl who cared enuf abt their constituents to have the courage to go against you. U DONT CARE ABT THE PPL!
Demo and some Repubs don't care obviously!
DUDE... railing against Rand Paul shows me you are dumber than a box of rocks, I was holding out hope you weren't a complete buffon, now u r
Better then being remembered as the blood thirsty Nazi who defaced our WH 2 look like a whore house on the inside. Those who save are saints
Having a hard time believing that Rand P and J McCain & others care about what the folks are going thru (SAD) do something, PLEASE! (MAGA)!
Allow me to introduce to you, Donald of House Trump, the First of His Name, The King of Uneducated, President of He
Executive order -- RELEASING McCAIN'S POW RECORDS THAT WERE IMPOUNDED UNTIL HIS DEATH. He had it easy for 5 years and got away with it!!
How about the cowards in congress do there job, do the right thing. REPEAL ACA. Was a fraud from the jump. New was no good, self exempt.
Build the damn wall
Dems still own 100% of the POS Obamacare disaster
Good for you @RandPaul !!!
God the left is stupid
Contrary  to your statement, these people will be known as heroes for standing up for the rights of americans Cheeto!
No he won’t. You’re fighting the wrong fight, Donald.
They will be known as "the Republican who saved the American people!!
Bill not answer to Obamacare. Just throws the problem back to states. Need pre-existing in bill, buy across state lines, fraud laws better

#45 he won't do it because you are HURTING people
Yay!
If you could read you could maybe get through the bill with a little tutoring. A vote for is for killing a vote against is for constituents.
You are known in an entirely different (not good) way.
Yes they will be heros who stopped TrumpCare from throwing millions off healthcare!
Thank you Rand Paul and whoever else votes against this atrocity
POTUS that threatens legislators and tweets about NFL while Puerto Rico suffers will forever be know as the worst POTUS in history.
