A day that will live on in God's Holy Name. Amen.+
Amen!!!
Apparently you consulted with none of your generals as they now refuse to implement this utter BS.
Which generals, and which military experts? Names, please, or I call bullshit on you.
Still not blocked?
No! Most annoying!
The military cannot become the go to place for free gender reassignment surgery.
And that has been happening. It’s like a free ride to join military then have the VA cover all the psychological, hormone therapy and post surgical expenses. If you have gender identity problems you should be able to obtain everything one needs in the private medical sector.
THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP! Military should NEVER BE A SOCIAL EXPERIMENT!
I totally agree! Being a transgender is a major modification to ones body and the military can be rigorous. Way to go President! MAGA
LIAR! You didn't consult with anyone.
Who cares? If you have a mental disorder that you think you are somebody that you're not then you shouldn't be in the military.
Joint Chiefs say they were blindsided by your tweet so I have to ask are you consulting with imaginary friends & if so how many do you have?
I knew you were lying as usual! Joint Chiefs of Staff weren't even aware of this decision! This isn't a dictator country.  Resign!
Trust in god
D I C K H E A D!
Thank you!!!!!! #supportourtroops
Excellent
Another Trump lie.   Heres the truth from Sen. McCain:  https://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=press-releases&id=80124D36-EF8B-4CBD-A75A-9C6C697CA235 …
McCain? TRUTH? Please, you can't use both in the same sentence
And it only took you 8 months to come up with that response? What the hell, dude? Do you prefer our moronic President to the experienced voice of reason?
My argument is, #transgenders clearly have #identity issues. Let's not train trannys, then send'em to possibly identify w/ #Isis #standdown
For 200 years our nations forbearers knew that homosexuality and transvestives were damaging to our society - will you please stand next to them and do the right thing - these life choices are dangerous now they are promoting them to our elementry children! #GOP #MAGA #TRUMP
Yes-I lied about meeting with Generals prior to my transgendered ban tweet-Lying and embarrassing the country are what I do best.#smallhands
Standing for the right isn't popular. I commend you for this decision!!
So you consulted with your Russian generals because the generals of this country say they don't know what the fuck you're talking about.
You are an idiot.
i'm a lesbian, served in the navy, voted for you. i have trans friends and they are deeply hurt by this.. i don't know, they blame me for u
You're an LGBT person who voted for Trump. Did you LISTEN to the hate and division in his speeches? And you're suprised he turned on you?
Smart decision!  The military is NOT the place for social engineering!  Negative affect on Morale & readiness is more important the political correctness!  “Don’t ask don’t tell” worked just fine!  Thanks Barack for another F’up!
confused individuals afflicted with delusions of 'transgenderism' to have the privilege of serving in our armed forces."
Lying POS
Even here he lied, it's now known that he didn't meet w/ or discuss w/ any Generals or anyone currently in military. He just says whatever!
Kevin
Your 1st mistake is your a Red Socks fan
Your 2nd mistake is you have no credibility in the 1st hand knowledge that 
The President  did or didn't 
have a meeting with His
Military Staff.
It is a known fact that He 
can called a meeting any fucking time he wants.
You Moron
Didn't you mean to say "...consultation with my genitals and some evangelical bigots"?
Um, yeah,  we're gonna need the names of those "generals and military experts".  We have a right to know this information.
Every parent would punish their child for #lying as blatantly and frequently as @POTUS

NO CONSULTATION! Just chaos
Joint Chiefs of Staff know nothing about this so just another big lie from you  DO YOU EVER TELL THE TRUTH
Is this another covfefe moment? where my Generals actually means my Genitals...?
My Master Sergeant held me down in Yacama he had gay tendencies: I hit him, I didn't want too, but it saved me, I knew I would get in trouble: he kept it quite: I got school of soldier: happens everyday Mr. President - I was 19 #GOP #MAGA #Trump
Thank you  President Trump! Please direct the VA to rehabilitate these Mentally ill freaks who need HELP!
l
Another of Trumps campaign promises turns into a LIE. What will take for his voters to finally realize that this man is mentality unstable.
Lol... imaginary generals? Thats kind of delusional.  You should see a doctor
Which generals and experts did you consult? They say otherwise. http://washingtonjournal.com/2017/07/27/top-generals-just-defied-trump-refused-change-transgender-policy-order-mattis/ …  #alternativefacts
It's funny how your top military advisors knew nothing about this. You freaking liar!
... a fake President giving any orders.
Your generals would beg to differ:
You suck
Translation: after learning of the FBI raid on Paul Magafart's home this morning, I've decided to ban TG'd people from the military.
Apparently he discussed it with Gen. Mills while having cereal and with Gen. Electric while getting milk from the fridge. #alternativefacts
It is very sad to see a President who is dividing us instead of trying to unite us as a nation...
We the soldiers fought for that right and now you want to try to take it back!   Whatever happened to Life liberty and pursuit of happiness
Do you really believe in consultation???? It doesn't seem
Ahem... that's a lie, dictator
Listen.... All of us have the right to join the military. Im not transgender but if they wanna go, let them go. They have their rights too
you're a fool
Please be advised that fake-tanned crybabies w/bad hairpieces should not be accepted as commander in chief of the military @realDonaldTrump
Obama has more twitter followers than you
Stop this insanity!
What is spent on two wasteful presidential trips to MaraLargo would be enough to pay for all the Transgenders medical needs in the military
Specifically what generals and military experts advised you?  I'm not hearing support that backs up your statements as true
They're not your generals.
Looks like you left out someone important here, Donnie.
You made this decision without consulting your Secretary of Defense? Doesn't that seem, well...stupid to you, at all?
And if it *doesn't* seem stupid to you, we've got an even biglier problem on our hands.
I mean, are you TRYING to fuck it up for yourself now? I'm almost convinced that you want out at this point.
You forgot him, too. Question, Donnie: who the fuck DID you talk to, exactly?
He talked to right wing conservatives. They discussed VA payment of sex change operations, not banning Trans. They were blindsided too.
Not that I agree with bat shit conservative right wingers on this topic or any others.
Haha, no, I gotcha -- and didn't think you did! 
What generals and military experts, exactly? Sounds like this caught them completely off guard, which actually decreases readiness.
Gay rape and assult in our nations militrary has in the past few years surpassed assults on women please do the right thing and speak the truth about homosexuality: save our young men! #Trump #GOP #MAGA #USArmy #Navy
fake news! this is all fake, banning people for what they were born as? those kids in school being banned from the toilets becausetheytrans
I love it kelly said no more tweets so trump's trolling himself & retweeting priceless!
The LGBTQ hates you and always has ! You are a disgrace.  #TheResistance #GeeksResist

Is this what you want #LGBTQ? 
I'm going 2 Join the Army
#TransBan will NOT stop me!
Just kidding This just points out how silly all this is 

Transgender people are not disruptions.
That's it, that's all you can say?? Are you deflecting with his announcement. #brokenpromises just don't understand you. I voted for you
You didn't consult with anyone, liar.
I think your tiny hands must have accidentally hit a couple bigoted &
discriminatory keys. Maybe your spray tan made them a little slippery!
After consulting with my fellow countrymen and experts of all fields,  we have concluded that we cannot afford an incompetent person- ie you
Can you name those generals for us please? We do have a right to know as citizens of the U.S.
Lecavanaugh
Wrong, as an American
Citizen, you don't have 
any fucking right to any
Presidential meetings.
You better reread the
Constitution to see where
it specifically gives you that that right and quote chapter and verse. Until then stroke whatever you have I want to do have
Sorry but YOU are wrong. As Americans we have the right to ask the president for clarification. It’s pretty sad that YOU don’t realize that the President works for US. But go ahead and keep living in your fantasy world.
I love you Mr. President !
#TransRightsAreHumanRights #LGBTQ #FuckDonaldTrump And you call this a free country...Lmao Thats Halarious!
Which Generals, and why has none of them spoken up in agreement?
how do you know if a person is trans?????? Playing soldier and war IS a social experiment, regardless of anatomy...
Except ya didn't "consult" didya?
The only military you consulted was Cap't Crunch at breakfast

U.S. Army Chief of Staff: “Chain of command will...treat every single soldier, sailor, airman, Marine, Coast Guard with dignity and respect” 
This is BS. You're our president so you should be protecting all of us as a country, including the military. I'm not standing for a -
- transphobic president. Just because someone didn't like their original gender doesn't mean you take away their basic rights like just -
- being in the military. I'm not for this BS and if you have a problem with it, I don't c a r e
Which generals did you consult?
Listen I served to have trans join just to get a free operation, and a life time of mental help is total bull shit they can't function
Oh...all along I thought you joined to serve your Country. #IStandCorrected
How would you know what's best. No one in your family has served!!! Such a Loser! By the way, how are your BONE SPURS doing? *Wimp*
I have served and having a trans in is beyond impossible and would cost taxpayers billions, so they get operation for free wow
Your stupidity knows no bounds!!! Go have a miserable night somewhere. You're late for date night with Bannon & Gorka!
Yea that sounds like a great day
Of course it would to you a loon like you.
President TRUMP YOU ARE SO CORRECT, GOD HE IS THE ONE WHO CREATE MILITARY TO DEFEND TO PROTECT AND NO MIXED WITH ANY KIND OF SIN, THANK YOU GOD ALWAYS BE WITH YOU !!!
DONALD, ARE YOU HOMOPHOBIC? YOU'RE STARTING TO SOUND THAT WAY. AS LONG AS THEIR TRAINED TO KILL THE ENEMY, WHAT THE HELL IS THE DIFFERENCE.
Great decision!  Our military should not and will not be breeding ground for delusional constructs.  Semper Fi!
Why should the military pay for gender reassignment, what do I just sign up so they can fix my broken back, or my aunt can sign up so they can pay for her breast cancer treatments. Any surgery or medicine for an elective condition, paid by self.
Given the fact that most people going thru gender identity issues are already in treatment for MH diagnosis like depression and bipolar disorder, they shouldn't be qualified for military service anyway.
Wow, so many haters. Respect your elders, and OUR president!
Compulsive shameless liar of the Century
After consultation w/ my fellow Americans, please B advised that we will not accept anymore of your BS! Mueller is coming, tick, tick, tick!
bullshit the generals never said this.fake news.obama is a better human then you!
Resign. Now. Before we impeach your ass and ruin what little reputation you still think you have.
ShariaLaws,illegals,org.crime,Antifa,Marxism,nihilism,destruction UShistory/property,org. violence,abuse,DV,rape,pedophilia,hum traffickng,
Breaking news: While #Trump tweeted the above  #ManafortRaid was happening. #TrumpRussia probably knew. Tweet meant to distract from raid.
So why is the military still spending time (taxpayer $$) on  "required" T training?
*nor. Pls learn English. FYI I'm an immigrant lol. Instead of wasting taxes on this stupid shit, use it to educate yourself, thanks :)
LIE
Donny Boy I've got family Transgender Female to Male. No surgery yet but they still got more balls than you
What about what your Generals say about ISIS? Send boots on the ground damn it. From a Vet.
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz taking a little nap or eating a big mac?

Donald tweeting FAKE policy is NOT going to make us forget U r in the middle of trying to PARDON ur self! this tweet wont make it go away!
...people fail to read "after consultation with my Generals  and military experts....they have their reasons for saying no.
Are you a wizard? Did you obliviate their minds? Because your generals and military experts had no idea.
RESINGE Donald , and make the World a better place
Tool
Please be advised:You are disgusting Mr trump
....the president to NOT cheat at golf.
Ageee!
And an unbelievable decision on your part.  Short sighted, not thought out, and divisive.  Same thing was once said about women in service.
There is no way - NONE - that @realDonaldTrump actually wrote these tweets. Who did?
Trans individuals show more courage going to work every day than you and your blood drinking administration could dream of. #25thAmendment

What happens when you're fighting in Iraq, dosed up on Estrogen, your nipples are sensitive and you haven't got this week's okay magazine?
No. This is all YOU. EVIL.
You? Will not except you? You are unacceptable....
I agree. My friends who are all of the LGBTQ community agree as well. Its for the best intrest of the country not to make anyone feel less.
Doesn't sound like your Generals and military experts agree with you Donny
They are not "your" generals nor did you consult them. Glad to see them defying you.
Can you give us the names of those Generals and military experts? I thought not
You are what's wrong with the world.
They didn't know about it. Liar. Are you capable of telling the truth? Disgrace to the Office.
A traitor to run the country?
Let them be in the front line as a distraction
They're not your generals they work for us just like you .  You need to be fired !!!

Get that going Mr. President so Pentagon can implement. We need good order again in the military and increased lethality
You didn't consult with anyone! Since this is the OFFICIAL way you communicate with Americans, how is it legal that you block Americans???
That's disgusting! #TransRightAreHumanRights
Congrats on putting active duty soldiers in danger&screwing the military. U really can't do ANYTHING right. Reap what u sow.
Generals say your a liar. They were never consulted. Shame on you. Trump traitor to democracy.
#TransRightsAreHumanRights
@dicamp3667 trump supporters are stupid enough to believe anything.  The country would be a better place if you all died.
Maybe it's me but if I was a soldier I would rather have 1.3billion in 10 years spent on equipment rather than removing someone's equipment
"Your generals?" I assume you mean congressional draftdodgers? Speaking as a veteran, you disgust me.
Meanwhile the American people have to pay for your viagra!
Donald, we're on to you going after American institutions, now the military. Americans are not as stupid as you think!
OUR Generals, not yours.
http://washingtonjournal.com/2017/07/27/top-generals-just-defied-trump-refused-change-transgender-policy-order-mattis/ …
Are these same generals that advised him to do it in first place? He is such a liar. More deflectiontion!
Hmm. Sounds like the Joint Chiefs didn't know anything about this. Which generals did you consult? Putin's?
@realDonaldTrump shame on your; below shows how you manipulated you way out of Vietnam! Draft Dodger!
Perhaps you and your rich banker friends should take the place of #transgender soldiers on the front lines #TransRightAreHumanRights
I would rather have an army of transgender soldiers than one of you!
How are you going to take something like that way from them, they have every right to protect this country.
Great choice.  This is a decision that will save taxpayers billions.
What Generals did you consult with? because Jt Chiefs Gen Joseph Dunford didn't have a clue or get directions #Fail Sad!!
How can you sleep at night! Some people are just born different from you, what's so f*cking wrong with that Mr. Trump!?
Which generals and military experts? Name names!
#paylorforpresident
Everyone knows you are just going down Obamas list of accomplishments.
Apparently "my" generals means Russian hookers in phony uniforms discussing the matter while they pee on him. 

Cuz it wasn't OUR generals.
Those uniforms are NOT phony.

They're borrowed!
please increase and double the food stamps...people are starving to death...Americans
you were quoted in an article by @nytimes
can you please name those generals?

simplemente me das asco
You didn't consult with anyone. Ya just want to distract us from the Russia investigation.  You'll need a bill passed by Congress & Senate.
Which Generals did you consult with??  And a General Mills, your breakfast cereal doesn't count!!   #MyPresidentIsALiar
The Generals say: "NO YOU DIDN'T CONSULT WITH US" #FoolInChief
And yet the generals weren't consulted by you. Guess you were talking to the voices in your head again. Someday you need to figure that out.
Kneejerk action (like travel ban) with no implementation plan. I voted for you, but may not again. You are blowing it. PLAN & COMMUNICATE!!
Was your General hanging out with Shaq and offering you a great rate on car insurance? You realize he's not a joint chiefs of staff right?
But you said back in 2016 that you would PROTECT ALL LGBTQ RIGHTS. You're a joke to this country!
Would you mind naming a few of the Generals? It seems no one has talked to you about the subject. Another lie?
Who cares? Trump did the right thing.

It's people like you rosenstand why this country has gone to hell. Trump is doing what he promised. Too bad the Republicans aren't on board. Trump has exposed the "Fake Republicans". 8 years of Onumbnuts weakened America.
Your family has my sympathy. Have a great day.

None, they ALL ran AWAY!
Did any trans in your unit ever run away? Where did you serve?
I remember a lot of people saying Obama was a dicator. Now I see what they meant. Making laws on Twitter? Have you never run a big company?
Obama had his pen and was running out of ink by the time we finally got him out of The White House. Now he needs to get out of the business of a REAL PRESIDENT.
I didn’t realize he was still running the show. But I will stay tuned for this “conservative” repellican does with the deficit.
Give them their own Regiment!  It worked for the Japanese Americans--442nd Combat Team!! let them prove themselves!!
@caprityper i literally had to scroll through hell to find this... So here
nowhere does it say transgendered are not equal 

try again.
Then look up if Ed pills are covered by insurance and how much they cost. Then tell me hrs not calling them equal
people so mentally ill that they don't know what gender they are, have no business in the US Military
And their it is
*there
Heel
heel?
The left will say you did it out of hatred ,
but that's because they have no common sense or decency. They are so lost .
Your Generals / ???  Where is everybody else's
They are COMING for you Trump, you can’t hide, you CAN’T run.  Daniel’s and Mueller are coming for you, you nasty old man.
President Frump does every women you have assaulted and or had unprotected sex with looks like your daughter Ivanka? What the hell is that all about? These are the things that you say to these women!
Trump is pandering to alt-right, hate-filled, Radical Christians for whose votes he's desparate. His 'reasons' are simply lies & nonsense.

IF he asked ANYONE (which I doubt), they must've been the few Pence-like Generals blinded by prejudice.

This is #AnotherSadDayForTheUSA
or, you could give them their own "detachment," Company T and send 'em to "The Front," except there isn't one.  No time for Trannies.
After consultation with the Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States has come to the conclusion that @realDonaldTrump is a bigoted #LiarInChief .
Did not go far enough. All sexual perverts and gays should not be allowed.
Thank you Trump.
Nor should We The People be forced to pay for surgeries and  psychological  necessities that go along with such surgeries.
AMEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
As Commander and Chief of the military, you set the policies, not some judges. You are explicitly given that power by the Constitution. Don't let the courts userp your power
This has shit to do with G-ds Holy Name and everything to do with equality. The military does not accept people who have psychiatric disorders. So how is it fair that they be forced to accept someone who is delusional to the point that they seek to mod their body? DISCRIMINATION!
Good decision. Thank you.
America you should be on your knees thanking God Trump beat Crooked Hillary in the election
This country was on the verge of collapse till Trump took office and is turning it around while exposing all the crooked politicians on both sides,Trump 2020 MAGA
We rebuilt Germany,Japan,China and the UK.,For What?
Demacrats are trying to rebuild the world in there eyes on the backs of  working class americans
This country was built on STRENGTH, Read your history books! Trump 2020
Walk Tall and carry a Big Stick,Trump 2020
Finally a President with STONES, Trump 2020
A "look over here, my cabinet/marriage/presidency are not in free fall" story.
