Stop coming to Indiana
Keep coming to Indiana.
President Trump, I voted for you. I’m a Latina from NYC. Please reform taxes on homeowners. My parents took retirement money to finish paying home. From $90,000 they were taxed $30,000 and health care insurance went up insane amount while illegals get free care and aid. Not ok.
Illegal immigrants don’t get health benefits nor welfare and they can’t even apply for Fasfa so whomever you’re getting your info from please just use google!!
thank you mr. Trump for being my president
Why is it they are trying so hard to get rid of Trump all ways tweeting bad stuff.What bout the good he's doing
Come on people. Fill the pages with what is wrong about this thing in office. His own Generals are standing up and so should we all. Fill it up.
Great 2hav a billionaire PREZ who does things 4his ppl&country instead of having1 who came from nothing leaves ofc w/5 vacayinhis name!
You had nothing to do with it also. There are no people in your administration with an IQ large enough to write a bill.
This so called tax reform you want pushed through is only giving the rich more wealth within five years and no cuts to the poor.
GRINS! Diabolical Donald to the rescue!
mr.president, i wich you a mery christmes time, for your hold Family.Your Rabit.A130.germans gun.Thank for all.
Need the corporate tax rate at 12 % like in Ireland. Hugh come back of jobs
Eyyy tiramp bu zeytin cok sifali ve bereketlidir Bu zeytin dalindaki meyveleri amerikan vatandaslarina gönderiyorum dallarinida sana gonderiyorum

@POTUS go ahead on President truck we made America great let's make it Greater
Thank you for all your hard work president Trump 
Great Great Great 
Again 
Please help
Leave. That will make America great again
You leave. This will make America great again.
Where are YOUR tax returns?  America sucks as long as you are in it. Pass the pie
Good going Brian. We need thousands and millions more like you to get this lunatic out of office.
BUT. WHAT. ABOUT. PUERTO. RICO.
Go help them. Private citizens can help too.
You should be landing in Puerto Rico not campaigning on LIES. Do the right thing . Katrina all over again Failure.
Please to you and all of the rest. Don't give up on getting him out of office. You can do it. And we need to get him out quick.
WHY AREN'T YOU IN PUERTO RICO???? #DerelictionOfDuty #ImpeachTrumpPence
Leave.
I hope you realize we respect and agree with your decisions. You are the only President I've seen in my lifetime that makes promises and keeps them.
That tax reform benefits you only
نو
Every day I'm amazed this loser is still here.
You're doing an amazing job sir!!!
Is there still hope for Repeal and Replace  Obama Care?
I went to see your taxes, Mr. President..
Thank you..we are behind you 1000%
Good attitude today thank you
Trump all the way
Have you defined a point in time that you think America was great? If so, can you publicize that so we know what to expect your end goal is?
The only way to make America great again is for you to be IMPEACHED
Stop the bullshit you are the adversary No One Believes anything you say you destroy America
FAKE PRESIDENT. FAKE TAX PLAN. WHERE'S YOUR TAXES?
I agree with Pres Trump and Vice Pres for Tax reform
Have been WATCHING YOU today, great job MR PRESIDENT.
America is great!
Yes sir Mr. President
And by the way I am WHITE and you and your 34% followers make me sick and ashamed to be white.

Why don’t you ever do a rally in ny or cal - is it because we are not crack heads and see right through you - traitor
Amen Trump! Pray Always before your decision making! Make sure it's what God wants to be done... not you!!
Trump is the best president we could ever hope to have
Donny Tweets..wake up wise up..have someone explain and read the CONSTITUTION AND THE BILL OF RIGHTS TO YOU..CHECKUP FROM THE NECKUP.
Tax cut for the rich...you know what Jesus would say?
Ft Ben Harris my AIT ARMY TRAINING COMPUTEs.  Yvette Anne Marion handfield Honorable us army Canadian citizen
Sorry Indianapolis. You are taking one for the team. We all know America was great until this guy got to D. C.
I Will Make Unseen Eye Catching Logo Intros & Animated Logos, YouTube Intros If you want then contact me here - https://goo.gl/UWMY4e 
As part of tax reform, have you considered removing tax subsidies from hospitals and giving them to individuals. Like vouchers.
You evil man!!!!
When are you gonna stop lieing. Keep repeating something with  no change is insanity!
resign, please, that will MAGA
u & ur wealthy cronies?!
Dotard
Never great never will be Yvette Anne Marion handfield
Together you are tearing America apart.
Thanks criminal! You killed Puerto Rico one more time!
You have no money for your feed the rich tax plan. Its DOA!
#WorstPresidentEver

Make Puerto Rico Great
Mr president Donald j.Trump say something
Dear Mr.President. you need to seriously consider replacing Sessions. I'm sure he's a great man and dedicated. He's not strong. Get Gowdy
How many times will this fail.  More than healthcare.  Hahaha
#SupportKurdistan
America is already great. We always have been.
Donald J. Trump is the great president L like him really.
#MAGA GIVE DONNIE A yuge, unbelievable , TAX WRITEOFF cuz everyone knows how poor White Corporate America is suffering at the tax burden
Pants on fire.  #MAGA
You can't even VET your cabinet properly! You can't even make them fly commercial! You don't know SHIT about what they're doing!
President Trump is the greatest Leader Americans has been waiting for very long-time. THANKS GOD FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP!!!
This is Iraq that supports us. And you do not know Kurdistan for Iraq Altaaifi
You are screwing this country up. You have no clue what this country is about.
America will never be great so long as mentally ill nutjobs can buy and keep high powered rifles #gunsense #guncontrol
50+ Americans #gunneddown in Vegas but yeah go ahead wave your flag and make billionaires richer
not sure if you're aware but PR is currently under water

Barf
It's a FAKE MIDDLE INCOME TAX CUT!!!  Most of the middle class will be paying more under Trump's new tax plan.  BEWARE and I'm a Republican.
OMG!  Can you get over yourself?  Such a narcissist. There is so much going on in this world that needs a true pres to handle. Move out.
I think had hear ...that!
SAVE PUERTO RICO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YOUR WHITE ROBE IS SHOWING.
You are a lying S.O.S.  N.M.P.


Just arrived in District 2 to make an announcement on unity! Together, we are going to make #ONEPANEM! https://youtu.be/zHTAsddktAU 
Love you trump !
With what you are doing and portraying, it’s more like MAKE AMERICA GENUINELY ASININE
Fucking liar!
Saw an interview with John McCain as a prisoner with his broken bones in Hanoi. Could have been worse, might have had bone spurs......
#taxcutsforbillionaires you mean you embarrassment of a human being?
When was America great, and when did it stop? Can you be more specific or is this all just fluff? #fakepresident
It’s just a shame you haven’t fallen down those stairs yet.
Only great for you!  You are not making it great for the rest of us. Tax reform is sadly disgusting!


Trump hands 80 percent of proposed tax cut to top 1 percent http://ow.ly/X2fk30fxMmw 
Trump u suck
We're Proud of you @POTUS &@FLOTUS take Courage in God 2 THE BULLIES: God has a special place 4 YOU REPENT you WILL STAND BEFORE GOD 4U
There is a special place in hell for @realDonaldTrump
Trump hope you are doing fine...  I need your help to let me and my family back home togethers as you my country prisdant
Another campaign rally filled with lies.
America is, and has been great. It doesn't need you to do that, and a case could be made that you are weakening our nation.
https://lm.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DTTKmjhJ1__o%26list%3DPLdfZF41kmM7x1n5HEn8KghEhTTsrU4SrY%26sns%3Dfb&h=ATPFORnEGRWhe-txmxnGpmCeHGJWDVfX4PIVkbYt8fPVcjBtOtJ7VogUqtgyMCPNLxzYb651RFM8OoAsxtuRiVwmtUrtAZK8a_AehGypMyCtKBDmCTVtUNz960bOD-LA-jJaU-EG7xm1dhY0X32EeI77jtk&enc=AZNfWhE5MvQ6xFm8nzYOYSCuNPv--1Td1oFz2Dtio4k79UDtfA-g9_J3T2w0puSf-1nTnpYfg8VMjAhqwAW9Cx1r24gRrU2N5VnxpWuAnKav4CKSSEqhMu3PXV5eZqRQhirAEFiMaFRe51rscGCCnjA57YJZOrtznHTNbTZ4C096-i3KyMHrprfYVux56OrVM9yV_B2FNeANdrky_hk755RMH6jJMrun4ekCB8QXSpSQW3VWEk8hVVJZYIKtmIRz4xzbgkfAefBiRK2FEGWvj0t8oaAMK8SYLUIqRGNSFF-IMk0bW7Xdf9vmpDUjtLGIPLKi1xvzGcRlOyJkJ7r8yRFbZOeMFM-Nmk8FI7HsimSMvQv5d5oSvoFlylFgSRJBWAPq7A8_eJnPYCQyBSKkhq5-GIa9cW3qqsQTAziHb_ibpA&s=1 …
Trump can't even figure out how to get supplies, insufficient, to Puerto Rico, late 
Response by #LazyTrump too busy golfing and bitchingNFL
Yes, like Price and the rest of the swamp dwellers are robbing America broke. Paul Ryan allowing a $11T dollar tax hike, mr fiscal responsib
No you're not
Here's the deal Mr. Trump...why don't you make America Great Again by helping the people of Puerto Rico instead of a no good Tax Reform bill
Heard that Russia investigation is overwhelmed with findings. Bye bye dt
Hey, promise to save jobs again...then give a tax break to the company that sends them overseas. #carrierfib
Millionaire A$$holes Golfing Again
Can you come and help us make Canada great again
Spending spending spending OUR money!!
Who's paying for this ongoing presidential campaign? Does the nitwit not realize that the election is over?
Not by giving huge tax breaks to the wealthy at the expense of average taxpayers.  Pass those savings down.
Liar and cheat!
America is great already
America stopped being great the day you took office. 
Get Out and America can start to repair the damage you are causing and be Great Again!
THATS JUST DANDY... BUT YOU NEED TO GET YOUR BUTT TO PR AND MAKE PR GREAT AGAIN- GO SEE THE DAMAGE YOURSELF
Together you will make the rich richer and destroy lower and middle class.
Unless you're Puerto Rican with that piddley number of electoral votes.
Didn't anyone ever tell u that u can't go back everything changes with time oh & we r already great u r just great at  dividing
Enjoy your tax cut. Guess that "makes you smart," right?
So far... I have noticed America going rather in the opposite way.
Another failure waiting to happen so sad
I think you mean "Make America White Again".
@GOP Why tax reform? Because Congress sells loopholes to highest bidder.  Once every 30yrs you need tax reform so you can sell more. Corrupt
Resign now! You are a danger to our democracy
It was great til u & ur bs. It will be again once u are gone. The time u'r in power is such a downward shift it will take yrs to recover.
America was always great. You disrespect our flag, our people and troops by claiming otherwise. #TakeAKnee #FakePresident #Russiantroll
Start with Puerto Rico PLEASE. It's America!
campaigning.  Spend your time better.  It's not The Apprentice any longer - this is real
My daughter went to school for video production...to a liberal school. Now she's brainwashed. Thank you, @BarackObama.

FIX EDUCATION!!!
I agree this Country needs it badly
This is the reality of it all
Bullshit, it's all a lie. Try doing something that really helps the middle class. Try becoming a Dem again, a much kinder party that cares.
10 days after a crisis & U've failed to respond & put racism & politics aside.People are dead bc of UR poor politics. Not equipped to 4 WAR
Please resign.
Not sure why you feel the need to throw campaign rallies.  Don't you need to do your job, first, before anyone thinks of re-election?
Mi respeto y gran cariño al gran pueblo Americano y que a su pte.muchas bendiciones
try starting with Puerto Rico.  Make that part of America great again
You need to take your ass to Puerto Rico and help those Americans. Stop waisting time.
With the millions the Obama's stole from the American people with their vacations his is a drop in the bucket!
You should have allowed Tom Price to pay back. He was a righteous man
It'll be great again only when you leave. For good. #ByeFelicia #Dotard

Here's a handy guide to how your taxes will go up, unless you make more than $471k. #PayTheirFareShare 
And Puerto Rico???? Puerto Rico is part of AMERICA!!!!!!!

You should have been in Puerto Rico #FakePresident #FakeHuman
