I want to say thank you Mr President ! I'm praying for you psalm 5:12 The Lord will cover you with favor as with a shield:)
Bless You, Mrs Stowers, and bless our honourable Mr President! 
my friend I so enjoy hearing from you:) :) much love to you from my Indiana heart and home:)
All the very best of greetings from Sweden to my dear friend Bonnie Jean!
my dearest twitter friend close to my heart and to Jesus too:) Id love to see you on Instagram:)I spend time there/Facebook too:)
great picture from Jerusalem-eternal city of the Living God!! Thanks Mr.President for your courageous stand with Israel
I find it a bit disconcerting Trump attacks Amazon for "putting many thousands of retailers out of business" but fails to see the parallel with WalMart. You're attacks on Bezos and his company wouldn't be a case of wealth envy would it Donald?
look what kind of mess you got us into now
But too bad about Sam’s Club!
#obama hasn't done anything for this country but divide it

Thank them also for cutting the pay on the successful sales staff by trimming bonus structure. I take a 10G hit! @GM @chevrolet #GOPTaxScam
@realDonaldTrump aren't something like 60% of Walmart workers on welfare and Obama care because they have below poverty level pay?
Wal-Mart should actively look for products made in U.S.A. to sell instead of accepting other countries inferior products...
I'm beginning to think there r more on Jenkins Hill tat have fallen from the turnip truck and maybe a few up the street on Pennsylvania Ave.
I know you met with Hoffa can you please help save our pensions????
GM laid off over a 1000 workers today. Is this what you meant by push back?
yeah. GM alone has laid off 3000 but sure, they are creating new jobs...GFY Cheeto
If you and your supporters had had their way there would BE NO GENERAL MOTORS. Obama saved GM and auto jobs, You bitched.
watch out for Walmart they are worthless
taking credit for doing zero again ??
Thanks President Obama!!!!!
@Reince if really Obama how come it happened after you became President because it's false about Obama
@Reince Why is it that all you see here is negative tweetsWhen I know there are positive but you don't see
@Reince total bullshit as is this wanbabe reichstag
Awesome Trump, great job.
мистер Президент, почему Крым должен быть в Украине? Отдайте Косово Сербии,Техас Мексике. Крым,- русские.
We're behind you all the way. Lv & respect your team & your family. You motivate us... You're  pushing through the swamp!
UNDERGROUND TUNNELS WALMART STORES 12  FOR STOCK PILLING CLOSED DOWN THIS SUMMER. FAKE GAS LEAK WORKERS WHERE LAYED OFF.
Walmart is lowering hrs in NTx stores
bing bong  bing bong  bing bong  bing bong
Thank you Mr. President
Wal-Mart pays food stamp wages and I doubt that you had anything to do with it anyway
You haven't done ANYTHING YET. SEE, I CAN TYPE IN ALL CAPS, JUST LIKE YOU.
Liars, all of you, and taking credit for nothing you have actually done is despicable!
Walmart? with so many of their goods made oversease?
@TeamTrump You are presidente the USA is not your corporative bissness , diplomatic , culture and good relation Parther
Walmart is known for taking advantage of employees.
been a supporter  two years and gave money X 3. You're doing great but quit bringing up celebrity apprentice even jokingly.
Except the FACT that Walmart wires $Billions of dollars of IRS tax fraud cash to Mexico by illegal immigrants.
I am so sorry that so many people are idiots. I support you fully. You are doing a great job. Keep it up!!
- will #Walmart cover the medical insurance for their workers, or are the taxpayers going to continue to subsidize?
Wal-Mart is one of the worst employers in the U.S.. Bad people!
@Walmart GM said u lied & Walmart is so awful that   employees need food stampsLiving wage aholes&no discrimination
@Reince Great. More part time jobs at WM with no benefits & low wages so they stay on Medicaid while WM makes millions!
WHERE DID YOU GO BUSY PLAYING GOLF ON THE LAND OF NATIVE AMERICANS!!!!
Who is really in trouble if selling prices go up by tariffing Japanese cars ?
YOU'RE DOING EXACTLY WHAT YOU SAID & WE WHO VOTED FOR YOU AGREE WITH YOU.
DONT LET LOUD MOUTH MINORITY INFLUENCE ANYTHING
.@realDonaldTrump @Reince Nothing to do with #Trump. Had already been in process.  Stop lying to the American people.
Walmart pays a living wage.  No
@Reince It doesn't take LSD 4 brain dead Trump to see Unicorns (his phallic wish). GM & Walmart DO NOT have big jobs push.
Awesome week!  You are the man our country needs, whether it wants it or not.  Thank you Sir Donald!
Pres. Trump why are u allowing Walmart to drive  wages? don't create a middle class, yet they r a major employer
IT'S GOOD TO HAVE GM TO THANK!! THNKS OBAMA!! FOR SAVING AUTO INDUSTRY WITH OBJECTIONS FROM REPUBS!! PUKE! SSH
THE LOW PAY JOBS WALMART ARE NOT WHAT AMERICA NEEDS, WALMART IS A PARASITE ON THE COUNTRY
@Reince ur an idiot
Thank you President Obama. You should be ashamed of yourself. Absolutely evil. How's that Inauguration crowd?? Empty lol
@Reince before it happens you thank them who is paying our taxes
@Reince Are you serious?  Patting Walmart on the back when most of their employees are forced to take govt assistance?
bring back the people who greet you when entering walmart
Good job
Wal-Mart doesn't pay a living wage.

if we can just get YOU to move all ur factories back to America, we'd be in great shape! Fucking Hippocrate!
Walmart single handily destroyed US manufacturing by req'ing Chinese made products & Trump wanted GM to go bankrupt. Resist
Walmart is part of the problem
Everything that happens in 2017 is still part of Obama's term we will not see the damage you cause until 2018, let hope its great!
want I mean is lets hope its great and not bad
I QUIT shopping at Wal-Mart 10 years ago!CHEAPLY made CHINESE products that fall apart after a few months/weeks.
More like thanks Obama for making that happen. You had nothing to do with it. Stop stealing credit you didn't earn.
I am against GMOs, toxic chemicals being sprayed, chemical trails, toxic vaccinations. Only President Trump can help us!
It was President Trumps idea to keep jobs in America. Anything Obama done at the last minute is null and void in my book.
Chemical trails and toxic chemicals in our foods make me sick. Dr. told me to eat organic. Stay away from chemicals!
President Trump is right about the media. Most of them are paid puppets for big corporations. Never hear about toxic GMOs!
Face it , President Trump is our new President. He just got in, give him a chance! Get rid of Chem trails, and toxic foods!
you don't need a period and an exclamation point
WalMart may employ local, but they don't pay to keep employees off of government assistance! Maybe you can change that #YAY
General Motors was working on this before you even considered running... Or are you tweeting more, 'Alternative Facts???'
I don't see him taking credit for it, I see him thanking 2 major corporations for bringing jobs back over here.
. Just what people need Walmart job s*** wages no benefits
now if Walmart would just buy and sell American goods. Everything is from CHINA
Gringos, means greens go, Walmart its the worst.
Didn't you say you wanted GM to go belly up when your buddy Dubya trashed the global economy?
If and when these push backs really happen, what were scared of then the traitor obama was a bully to this USA???
I'm a good person and would love to prove how smart and loyal I can be help me prove the naysayer wrong please hire me
maybe you could have a heart and prove your not selfish opening jobs should b diverse not just one area we need jobs sir
please mr president I've been out of work and deserve a chance to prove that I am a great worker I know it will be ignored
if I was your private secretary I would do the job better than anyone else I would love to prove it I knew u would win big
I'm not perfect but I'm a hard worker who deserves a chance mr pres plz consider helping me get a job I'm a great assistant
I dunno support u as pres and wish u success but I wish u would prove your words there are desparate ppl like me need job
I don't agree with everything if u were serious about helping the ppl how about helping a single father who needs a job
So thankful for you sir and I know you will get America back for us
you don't know what you're talking about as usual. Walmart has been cutting hours for a while. Ford stayed is plans b4 you
Shop till U drop
i hope you can fuck China
GM & Walmart has this in there plan before you . This is what Obama has done for his people . This not your victory.
now maybe you and the companies you haven't divested from can follow their lead?
we will be watching shitepoke
get some rest, you looked so tired today.
when you say US, jobs and walmart in one sentence, I can't contain myself  #madeInChina
Thx. Good luck. I dont know when the stupid media is going to get it. Keep your friends close. Keep your enemies closer!
Thanking WalMart for bringing back jobs...funny. http://www.epi.org/publication/the-wal-mart-effect/ …
WAL MART has some bad apples..........And needs fixed......They discriminate.....
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vSkBWqyPyys&list=PLNVU_kOwtGKFbzd58F0UycmbjKUW9uP54&index=2 …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z6UrDll3Qks&list=PLNVU_kOwtGKFbzd58F0UycmbjKUW9uP54&index=1&t=37s …
Walmart. Wooo.
YOU do know Walmart depends on government handouts for its employees, pls tell me you do
welcome to office Mr president .....
Made in America
so ... in this case ... Walmart will begin to export to México ?
@Reince Walmart jobs?  THOSE are the jobs you're adding? How bout the kind of jobs that pay a living wage and benefits?
Alternative Facts or fake news? Can you please have someone confirm this?
please keep tweeter, it's your best weapon against the Media Idiots............
but many of Walmart products are not US made. Are you pushing US made items as well?
tell @Walmart to pay a livable wage, better benefits, & sell products made by workers who aren't being taken advantage of.
@Reince ***Keep the jobs coming, Mr. President. Don't listen to the naysayers, we're all behind you.
Congratulations Mr President .  A Southern California Deplorable!
wrong very wrong! Walmart is closing many store!
fake news
YES, but Wal Mart needs to pay those who have started at bottom and faithful for years need more pay to have better life.
live by example. You need to convince yourself to buy tvs,sheets,towels, etc in the USA! You visited warehouses here. Do it
I'm confused. I thought we were supposed to "Buy American". Walmart IMPORTS A LOT of their goods including food.
Walmart adding part-time jobs and cutting hours of full-time workers. That's what you call progress? Thanks for nothing.
#donthecon wants you to work at Walmart so u can receive government assistance. Yep, making America great again
. @realDonaldTrump streets so that ppl will see them and honor them. I tell you the truth, those hypocrites already have their full reward."
. @realDonaldTrump Matt 6:2 “When you give to the poor, don’t be like the hypocrites. They blow trumpets in the synagogues and on the
#pixoritdidnthappen
#FactCheck President Obama saved the auto industry.  #NoOneWANTStoWorkForWalMart #TheySuck
than you Walmart for selling #Trump toilet paper https://www.walmart.com/ip/Donald-J-Trump-For-President-2016-Toilet-Paper-1-TP-Roll-Novelty-Party-Gag-Gift/142941856?wmlspartner=wlpa&selectedSellerId=2235&adid=22222222227053260657&wmlspartner=wmtlabs&wl0=&wl1=g&wl2=c&wl3=153886774768&wl4=pla-266119689785&wl5=9007296&wl6=&wl7=&wl8=&wl9=pla&wl10=113148266&wl11=online&wl12=142941856&wl13=&veh=sem …
ummmm they were already here!
@TheRy4n_ 
JOBS ARE GREAT
BUT WHAT ARE JOBS IN THE US IF WERE NOT SAFE??
FOCUS ON OUR NATIONAL SECURITY!
MAKE AMERICA SAFE!
You do realize the Obama administration made it possible for you to RT this no?
@Reince why r u thanking them BO is responsible u great Rus wonder
Walmart---the largest 'creator', not of jobs, but of CORPORATE WELFARE---#EnemiesOfThePeople
yah-walmart who imports 99.9% of their crap from CHINA! and whose workers are forced to be on welfare. good going ,buffoon.
wallmart the slave owners of our generation pay slave wages keep everyone part time never able to leave the company store
DID YOU NOT SAY YOU WILL DO THAT
IN YOUR SLOGANS
nothing has anything to do with you except for what's fucked up in this world money
Don't forget the #patriots in the #South that voted for you. We need jobs here too #POTUS
Thank you President Trump i know God sent you for reason  that is why i voted for you with all my heart .
@DeniseGalvez Bullshit! This was already a contractual agreement in the works. Chump had nothing to do with!
Walmart is Rehiring?I thought they were Closing tons of Stores? Bring Jobs back! So many Pres. Took Our Jobs Away..WHY ?!
WalMart has big jobs? Really? Are you going to work for these selfish bastards for minimum wage Donald?
好好好
low paid, insecure jobs that still have to be subsidised by the government through welfare, greedy tax stealing companies.
Wal-Mart is not paying their employees Holiday pay. They did not pay for Thanksgiving. I support u!
@Reince when will you and Ivanka start  bringing your own products back from overseas. Make your own products in USA.
yeah because working full time at Walmart and still being on welfare is a great career choice for anyone
yay. walmart jobs. so great. just the best...
tell them they only most sell American products....
how much is it going to to cost us?
Something you had nothing to do with.
any educated person knows that Walmart jobs are low income, part time and do not help our economy selling Chinese-made crap
#WALMART Billionaire owner needs to provide better pay, full time jobs and much better benefits!!!
I was wrong to forget if Walmart products were made in the US, Americans couldn't buy half the stuff they do! #TrumpIsUnfit
Taking credit for something you did not start.
Walmart makes nothing in the USA! All from other countries ding dong!
