The real reason nothing will be done about Russian interference:

Wikileaks Exposes It Was HILLARY Who Met Secretly with a Foreign Ambassador. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inZCiimQJac … 
#TrumpRussia collusion. Are you going to let your chin-less child rot in jail on your behalf? That makes you a cuck.
I want to drink his tears.
Good work Mr Prez, now pls don't forget about @JulianAssange. We've been waiting patiently for your help. He did help get you elected
No wonder Colbert hates Trump so much, he is a pedophile sympathizer.
Big fat orange liar.
KEEP UR FRIENDS CLOSE BUT KEEP UR ENEMIES CLOSER.
You wish to solve Ukraine and Syria? Get the fascist puppet of Obama and Soros; Poroshenko and right sector out of Ukraine leave Assad alone
Oops, same thing happened to Mnuchin, just yesterday On Cyber joint with Russia, today Trump also threw Don JR under bus, saying he new nada
Yuckabee says just the opposite. Secure your squad.
Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar . Liar. #25thAmendmentNow
The senate has already voted on stronger sanctions. If you don't sign it once it's passed, we will all know that you are Putin's Puppet!
Man-boy up Donnie. You're the laughing stock of the world. Especially Russia. We can't take much more of this farce of a presidency!
Did anyone point out to him long Crimea was part of Russia and how it was taken from Russia with no vote?
You mean sanctions @BarackObama put in place as punishment for hacking yet you said he did nothing? Confused yet? We are.
Here is bit of illumination into your ignorance being dangerous and embarrassing @realDonaldTrump
I am proud of you Mr. Trump!! :-)
When you are long gone, you will forever be remembered as one of the most prominent and despised Russians in American history
#FuckTheTrumps #PutTheTrumpsInJail #TrumpTraitors
Did you happen to ask Putin why he was arming the Taliban who are using the weapons to kill American Troops
I did not discuss sanctions with Putin because my mouth was full, if you know what I mean.
Dang you are so funny!!!! Thanks
"Sanctions were not discussed at my meeting w/ Putin."

Why on earth not? Are you TRYING to make it look like you're in his pocket??
"Nothing will be done until the Ukrainian & Syrian problems are solved!"

This just gives him MOTIVATION to NEVER solve the other problems.
Who wrote this one for you? Did anyone read it to you?
did you ask Putin if Jayden K. Smith was his hacker and what the K stands for?
@realDonaldTrump The real problem is Russia has A LOT of dirt on our president. That's why Trump is powerless to Putin.
That's not what your spokeswoman Sarah Sanders says.
Tillerson clearly stated U did talk bout liftin sanctions 4 Russia & Trump U LIE all of the time. So y r u lifting Russia sanction  #inners

White House contradicts Trump's tweet: He did discuss sanctions with Putin http://hill.cm/JwiLM4z  
Liar. Your own flack said you did discuss sanctions. Resign or be removed through impeachment.
So, Putin's plan to distract from #RussiaGate is to make it appear that you two are stopping the Syrian conflict? Better than your idea,.
Trump’s Inner Circle Met With No Ordinary Russian Lawyer
Perhaps you and Hillbilly Huckabee need to get on the same page.
Don't believe you...you have a history of #alternativefacts
U better move on that ... it's looking reallllllllly bad for the tRUMPS re: Russia!
Thank you @POTUS   I attend a Ukrainian Church and my Mom is Syrian. Double whammy
#25thAmendmentNow
Are we planning to sanction #Russia over #Syria now?  Because we haven't so far.. #PutinsPuppet #TsarTrump #FakePresident #ImpeachTrump
You're still a civilian, draft dodger.
Maybe because you love putin ??
Send Ukraine 50,000 troops to cover their border,Putin shouldn't mind since they weren't involved.Lets see if he likes being intimidated.
So, you and Tillerson should get your stories straight!
Traitor.
But that's why you impose sanctions, you fool.
no of course you didn't cause you are afraid of Putin! You would never get in his face like Pres O did last Sept and told him to stop! Not U
Putin is not trustworthy hes a killer and you will never reach a peace agreement with him Why do you think Obama and Bush walked away
Sanctions were put in place because of messing with our voting system not Syria or Ukraine. Stop treating us like morons
You are my champion,sir @realDonaldTrump
Your lips are moving. We know you're lying.
More Trump Lies. #trumprussia #TrumpHatesAmerica #trumpcrimefamily
Lewllwlwlwwldldldldldldldldls
Ml s
Azz
You either have to stand up for America and say NO, or you will be a traitor. Putin has you by the short hairs.Who's Lying?
Don your rapidly becoming worst president in history
And this is built?  
You have the chance to change things b4 it's too late. And even yourself cannot hide in the deepest bunkers because of a terror related act
NOTHING GOOD will be done until you are impeached and out of our White House.
By Ukranian problem...do you mean Paul Manafort?
& what about the meddling in our election process???
OBVIOUSLY! Putins Puppet!
ur right again, santions were discussed with Donald jr and Russian kgb agent posing as an attorney, did u fly her in?
SANCTIONS ARE NOT A GOOD IDEA TO GET PROBLEM SOLVE.   NEGOTIATION ALSO NOT BETTER.   SURRENDER / WINNER ONLY BEST WAY.
Why don't you pull out of #Syria and #Ukraine, sort #Americas problems at home out, #Vets #Drugs #Employment #Infrastructure #Debt! #MAGA
So are you suggesting that Sec of State Rex Tillerson was lying when he said sanctions were discussed? One of you is obviously telling lies!
The truth about this will come out eventually. No one believes you anymore...
BUT, @SHSanders45 and @StateDept Tillerson said you DID talk of sanctions w Putin. There is only 1 truth. Which is it? #resist #indivisible

California Upholds ‘Right’ For Pedophiles To Marry 10 Year Old Kids. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7OcjM3afbZg … 
Why, you have a pending deal with Russia? So shameful.
Ok, you trick me into praising you on this issue but YOU LIED!  Says Sarah Huckabee Sanders. #OurPresidentLies
But now your people are saying you did talk about them. What is it?
Cool, so your Sec of State is lying when he says you did discuss sanctions?
Uuuuh @SarahHuckabee,  says you did discuss sanctions.......Get your story straight
You mean the problem that they aren't fully controlled by the Kremlin yet? 
#DontGetMadGetVlad

A Good CEO
Funny how your own cabinet says otherwise - one of you is a liar - at least. #Losers #Resign @cnn @wsj @GOP
your Secretary of State said sanctions WERE discussed. Lies and more lies...MAGA #Resign #IdiotInTheWhiteHouse #MentalIyChallenged
Have a freaking press conference so we can all hear you and not just twitter users. Whatsamatter are you afraid of the public?
In Response to EU Anti-Russia Sanctions, Putin Extended Moscow's Embargo on Western Food Products Until End of 2018
LIAR IN CHIEF! What's next? Sharing nuclear launch codes with Putin? YOU, our fucking President attacked democracy in G20 summit!
LIAR yea RIGHT
#Trump did discuss sanctions with #Putin despite the president's earlier denial, White House says http://www.latimes.com/politics/washington/la-na-essential-washington-updates-1499721799-htmlstory.html …
#TrumpRussia
DON'T BELIEVE YOU! You lie everyday and are the most hated man in the world. You may have conned your voters but they are not the majority!
Except this from your spokesperson "There were sanctions specific to election meddling that I believe were discussed." So who is lying?
Dear mr president it is imperative that you succeed - the world is watching - strength lies in the ability to admit Russia is not our friend
Oh that's right because you need congress to lift the sanctions.  Sucks being president and not king.  #wwas
(Sarcasm: on) Sure, because you've proven, over and over again, just how trustworthy you are. (Sarcasm: off)
Jesus, you just live to lie don't you?
▼▼
How many times have you touched yourself to this montage, Donny? Don't lie.

ok whatever you say
keep blaming @BarackObama for not doing enough & yet you do NOTHING? not suspicious at all, #DontheCon 

#25thAmendment 
#25thAmendmentNow
Trust in TRUMP
"There were no sanctions discussed" "The sanctions won't begin until after the Syria thing is done." Lmao!
Love it when you contradict your Secretary of State. Dumber than a bag of oranges.
Putin told me to deny we talked about sanction relief when we talked about sanction relief in exchange for a back rub.
@SarahHuckabee in a sense just called you a LIAR in her press briefing! Your administration is on STEROIDS 
Sanders just said you did discuss sanctions.
We all know we're living in an upside down world and that everything you say is an outright lie. So, Sanctions WERE discussed. #TraitorTrump
Soooo. How is that cease fire going? Total G20 failure. Maybe you should have had Ivanka meet with Putin
Glad you tweet to us directly. I  MYPOTUS
Nothing will be done at all because you are Putin's lap dog
#AwanBrothers Please take them down we are not safe!
Mr. President. I would like to believe that but your smoke and mirrors make it impossible to believe anything you say.
You have repeatedly violated your oath and failing to punish Russia for PROVEN election interference is dereliction of duty!
We ALL Stop buying anything made in China for one week and watch the Chinese get on board regarding N Korea MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Your son and son-in-law should have to buy tourist tickets to get back into the White House
Many of the sanctions were put in place to deal with the "Ukrainian problem". Next excuse for inaction on Russia?
CIA fabricated the Ukrainian problems and it is for the US to fix it. Syria is doing fine without the USA "help". Yanks go home!
Awsome tweets right on..thank you
Those r REASONS to use sanctions
Your first words to him were it's an honor to meet you! How pathetic can U be!! Here's the truth
Dt,your uneducated prejudice    followers believe your lies,the rest of us are just waiting for your family & group to go to jail.U TRADOR

People can’t stop watching this Australian journalist’s brutal takedown of Trump’s foreign policy 
I think what U discussed was Putin is 2 protect U like he  did with Assad if any commonsense authority tries 2 take U down
YUP
THATS RIGHT

SENATE VOTED 97-2 SANCTIONS TO PUNISH RUSSIA

AND I DID NOT TALK TO PUTIN ABOUT IT

CUZ I LUV PUTIN

& WANT HIM TO LIKE ME
To be believable..... simply having a video recording would say a lot..
Left them in a compromising place in Moscow?

NO FORMAL RECORD of this highly important meeting ?Where are Trump and Tillerson's accountability?
It should have been one of first things you discussed, unless, that is, sanctions interfere with your personal business interests in Russia.
it's clear Putin has the goods on Trump & can end his Presidency. We know why Putin denies hacking. Why would a POTUS?
Don't forget North Korea, boss. I think working with Russia can have a very strong impact on the little man:-)
Liar! You kissed his ass and we all know you won't do anything about it. You sell your bullcrap to your base. The rest of us don't buy it

"Good chemistry" w/ nationalist, totalitarian, ex-KGB leader who murders journalists & opposition figures. Think we should be worried?
Sure...
Sure, and do you have some swamp land you wish to sell?
How's that joint Cyber Security Unit shaping up? 

"Dumbest idea I've ever heard" - wasn't that the quote?
Recorded QuidProQuo moments. It's over. Start packing and get the Plagiarist Immigrant and muted offspring out of the WH.

this is the bad behavior  of America  why didn't you discuss the sanctions  against Russia Mr putin be careful Americans are deadly crooks
should at least acknowledge that US (under Obama) played a major role in creating/exacerbating problems in Ukraine & Syria.
We are being destroyed as a nation from within the White House.
I wonder what was going through your head as U sat across @PutinRF who knows EVERYTHING about U & can ruin U quicker than U can yell MAGA 
Did you just tell the entire world your Cunning Plan to bring Putin to heel? 
"Solve Syria, Ukraine" - and THEN hit him with sanctions?
Without sanctions, nothing will be done in the Ukraine and Syria. Why don't you just hand your presidency and the US over to Putin.
HailDonaldtrum0
YES, THEY WERE....you'd better hope Putin....or better still, ANGELA....doesn't have any TAPES!!!  
You know what your doing Sir. People need to SHOOSH. YOU JUST ACCOMPLISHED THE IMPOSSIBLE WITH A CEASE FIRE AGREEMENT. SPOILED BRATS!
Russian Mafia runs the Russian govt and Putin is "Capo di tutt'i capi" Trump wants same in America  he wants to be "Capo di tutt'i capi"@CNN
Have you spoken to @IvankaTrump?
@Ketul1Indian Shows that USA ian's are bustards. You only created problems in all those areas!
More sanctions against #Putin. Now. Unless of course you are just #PutinsPuppet. Did #TrumpJr get enough from #Russia last year?
Russia is the "Key" to solve 2 HUGE International problems:

(WEST) Syria / Ukraine <<-- RUSSIA--.>>China / N.Korea (EAST)
Yes, why would sanctions be discussed? Seems to me you should have told him to publicly come clean, or sanctions will be ten times worse
Your problems are just getting started thanks to your spoiled brat son. The truth is coming out. Can't even imagine what Mueller has on you!
Nothing will be done ever with you at the lead because you're a joke #orangeclown
Smart move
Putin is Trump's boss ,he assisted him to be who he is to day.he won and she lost.
There was no need to discuss it when you'd already worked it out to lift them for him. Not everyone is as dumb as your supporters. 
Did you mentioned Venezuela too?
Way to be strong after the meeting! You didn't want to offend Putin. But you diminish Americans in front of international audience. MAGA?
I think we need to review how sanctions work...
Of course not. Why would you stand up for America when you're sleeping w/Russia. Traitor!
Your entire meeting was him telling you what to do. Dealmaker? You're a weak & sorry excuse for a man. He ate you up & you know it.
What about Pakistan
Man I wish I could believe this.
I can’t wait until you are brought down. I will celebrate like never before.
Sure . We believe you cause you always tell the truth .
The hookers peeing on you must be worst than we're being lead to believe. 

President's son is openly admitting he met with a Kremlin-tied lawyer looking for damaging info on Hillary Clinton. How will GOP respond? https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/884156412368236545 …
Putin did ask about your girth. Get help!
so that means nothing will be done #ImpeachTrump
let's solve the collusion issue with the Russians and your campaign.
Of course they weren't surely you don't want that pee pee tape released!
Nothing ever then.  Right?
How dare you to say Putin didn't hack our elect. because Putin said so. I feel you have betrayed our country, Stricter Sanctions on Putin
We KNEW you would put no sanctions against Russia.  YOU are a Russian SPY!
And that will be positioned soon by You, the @POTUS to let the world see the perfect ways of doing things right
THE COLD WAR. I CAN GUARANTEE U, THEY ARE OUR ENEMY.  NOT OUR FRIENDS OR ALLIES. THEY WANT TO DESTABILIZE EVERY DEMOCRACY
If we're waiting for tRump to do something, we'll be waiting forever. #DontHoldYourBreath
I expect nothing from this POS POTUS but him making as much $$$ as possible from his position
Donnie boy; Huckabee Sanders said you did discuss sanctions "specific to election meddling" with your Putin friend. #25thAmendmentNow
Tony Boy... what if Huckabee made simple mistake like all of the times Carney and Josh Earnest did.
Bot
Nothing of value is discussed in any meeting with you.

Sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with President Putin. Nothing will be done until the Ukrainian &amp; Syrian p...
i discuss with u with regard president trump regarding afghanistan ,dont threat pakistan because he is unable to do more ,does not controle
over taliban. taliban basically pashtoon & 60% pashtoon living in Pakistan they angage with each otherbecause,their relation thier custom
After January Bombshell that you were working to get them lifted.. congress intervened- nothing left to talk about on the subject- settled
Hello
Spineless little man baby
Can we drop the Russia/Trump crap I am tired of hearing about it. We are spending millions on a witch hunt. Move on people.

Did you type this with your tiny hands?
Impeach Trump 2017
...
Keep rolling the dice
Hang in there, don't get discouraged
You are LYING.  Putin halted adoptions in reaction to sanctions Pres. Obama enforced after you collaborated with them.

