Warm meeting between EAM @SushmaSwaraj and @IvankaTrump in New York today. 
Thanks daddy
Truly reassuring to see you work side by side with your father in promoting and representing his agenda of #MAGA and #AmericaFirst.
(F)
What a joke? Hypocrisy at its best. All she does is to coverup Indian oppression& Crimes in Kashmir as your Daddy does at home"cover up"
Probably not much of an honor for her to meet you.
He loves the attention , no president in the history of  presidency has ever acted like that or used twitter as much as he does smh
President Trump is using Twitter to communicate with his supporters.  The lying media would just twist and change his words otherwise.
You actually believe that don't you 

Using the young members of President Trump's family like this shows how despicable liberals have become.  Makes being Deplorable shine.
"Despicable"? big word for a trumpanzee
that goodness your father didn't grab her by the pussy eh
Good
Did you tell her how your whole family are crooks
Thanks for your kind words!! For us in india she z like mother; taking care for ol of us; quite a big family though
That I would agree with you that @SushmaSwaraj is a good leader. We Americans are confused about Ivanka's role in US.
She's robbing from tax payers just like Daddy-Nazi-lover. Ivanka, pay for your own cabs, cheap fake.
Bet Ms Swaraj has no problem with transgenders in the military, like your father.
So is this where you shoes are now going to be made?
Were you trying to find more cheap labor for your clothes? Why are any Trumps in the WH? You arent qualified to speak for the US. Get out.
Thank you Ivanka!  Welcome. @SushmaSwaraj  
Hilarious twitter handle.  Nyc4trump.  Nyc despises everything Trump.
Lol. Not true. I live by the UN. Someone was blasting "God bless the USA" today. Hard to hear bc I'm by the FDR. C ya coward w no photo 
So?  Promise noone is for Trump in NYC.
You don't live here. Majority of my friends are for Trump. After the damage to race relations & BLM riots perpetuated by Obama, we had it!
My friends & I are law abiding  citizens who respect cops, flag & country. Unlike lawless radical liberals with their BS identity politics.
Thank you so much we are like a family member
hello bot
Hi sweetheart
India's accomplished & charismatic foreign minister's views on unelected dynasty leaches are very well-known. Thank you.
Great to read this statement. Jai hind
how many patents did you score?
Are you planning on taking advantage of workers in India by paying them next to nothing to make your shoes??  Is that what this is about?
Too bad you don't respect the women who work in your sweat factories.  You are nothing but a sham, like your father & brothers.
I think you meant "I run sweatshops, my dad's #TraitorTrump  #TrumpRussia, I don't belong in the WH, and we all deserve to be fired."
Many have long respected India's accomplished & charismatic Foreign Minister but we're not the President's daughter with a bogus WH position
More photo ops!   No one cares what you say or do.  You are unqualified pointless and useless.
India has been looting USA for years. 1000s of good college level jobs were moved there. 1000s of Americans are replaced by #H1B visa scam.
Yup. Just like this guy looted America and stole your grandfather's job 
Had you even heard of her before today? 
Yes she had. My country India gets along very well with Pres. Trump 's administration. I'm sure he'll do a great job.
How do you know he will do good? Just because he seems to have a "good" relationship with India means he will do good for USA? Come on!
He stood up against china and pak so we are the best ally in the region. His recent statements against china and condemnation of pak proveit
Seriously? It only takes that little to think he will protect India? Wow!
We don't need him to protect India! I believe he was a better candidate than clinton and that he will make a better president than Obama
"We" as in? Are you American citizen?
We as in India can protect Herself from perils, she doesn't need American aid. All I'm saying is that it is good tohave friends in thisworld
Your father has ZERO respect for women. As an American woman, I am ashamed of this President.  As a daughter, you should be ashamed.
But who are you?
http://www.trump.com/real-estate-portfolio/india/trump-towers-pune/ … If your family is not associated with this business in India why have it on your website?
Sad an unqualified hack like you is representing us. You've got nerve, or do you really think you deserve this?
Do you have a sweatshop there yet?
Really why would you ask such a thing. It's in the works. You PEOPLE!  HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHA SWEAT SHOPPE SWEATS
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @DonaldJTrumpJr @JaredKusher *UNACCEPTABLE* HIS MADNESS HAS GONE 2FAR*** #25thAmendmentNow
"WE WILL *DESTROY* NORTH KOREA??!! WHAT KIND OF IRRESPONSIBLE SPEECH IS THAT??!! THIS *CANNOT* BE ALLOWED BY OUR COUNTRY'S REPRESENTATIVE
And you humiliated US by representing us.
Tell your dad to resign
What are you qualifications other than putting on a dress Ivanka? You have no experience! Didn't you say you 'try to stay out of politics?'
Love to see women like you with much love and respect. God bless #MAGA
Ohh God... How much money did your Daddy Pimp make off of you ?
Ivanka is a spoiled brat gets to play princess on taxpayers dime

If PRESIDENT OBAMA put his daughter like Trump has. Repubs would impeach
Ivanka is...
ComplicitcomplicitcomplicitcomplicitComplicitcomplicitcomplicitcomplicitComplicitcomplicitcomplicitcomplicitComplicitcomplicit
,Don't you care about your grandchildren? You would do well if any of your grandchildren  looked up to Ivanka.
1) I don't want my grandchildren to look up to this woman who uses her sexuality to try to bend her father...to no avail...who does NOTHING
Ivanka, Modha is anti-Christian
When you say "long," do you mean like a week? Because let's be real: You had no idea who she was before you were prepped for this meeting.
All you need to do is follow the news. Read about the Trumps over the past few years. I have. Have you? They aren't up on global matters.
That should be "Whose." 

I'm not going to argue with a Faux News fan. There are *many* sources for legitimate news. Follow several.
Did you ask her about the massacres in #Kashmir & why she doesn't allow UN INGOs & media access there or did Netanyahu catch yr tongue.
Ya, she asked.  I asked her to find out why my father was killed in 1990 in Srinagar for a singular reason - for being a Hindu
Proud moment for India..
Support #HR392
#WorstPresidentEver
You sell your name to over-priced http://handbags.You 're a huckster & con-artist just like your buffoon father.
She doesn't respect you. And the honor wasn't mutual, you clueless & complicit "Princess Royal"!
Yes she is 
You were clear. But i reject the alt-fact deplorable crowd. I redirected your assertion so that it was factual. 
Shame you're unable to see the joke is on you.

TOUCHÉ!
Sorry liz, your touche doesn't apply. The post wasn't in defense of The Donald but an attack on liberals in general.
Sorry Kevin, but your touche denial doesn't apply. The post wasn't against The Donald, but an attack on his foolish supporters in general.
What is your job Ivanka?  Like...Really?
Instead of asking a dumb question why don't you research her many accomplishments? If you have time to hate...you have time to learn!
Her accomplishment was being born a Trump.  Many would not call that much of an accomplishment.  No hate.  Just a valid question.
India beware. Ivanka and Donald Trump Jr. Were Close to Being Charged With Felony Fraud
Improving #KnowledgeEconomy p'ship between #India & U.S. Looking 4 p'ners 2 build KnowledgeEconomy.IN & .US. Starting in SC like @NikkiHaley
Very nice
You should run for president America needs strong women in office I vote for you keep up the good work
you were quoted by @washingtonpost  https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/economy/ivanka-trump-to-promote-women-in-india-amid-questions-about-garment-workers-who-make-her-clothes-there/2017/11/26/6aba6f04-cee1-11e7-81bc-c55a220c8cbe_story.html …
Watch the lies of RSS Indian leader. Why RSS India is afraid to have Referendum in Kashmir?

So sweet both of you mam..
You let the women of this country down!  Big time!  So we don't care who you meet, what you think, or what you do!  Just go back to NY!
Wow. I think I'll block you since you think you are allowed to be disgusting on a complete strangers comment. Your mom must be proud.
Whatever happened to "I do not have a big influence?" Why are you meeting with foreign dignitaries? Also get the bow out of your hair.

Making a deal for your clothing line?
An honor you have done nothing to deserve.
Don't forget, even India is building own version of wall between themselves & Bangladesh!!!
Bet you wish she felt the same.
Moving ur Chinese made shit to cheaper labor in India?
.@TGowdySC .@BobSMueller Obama was using our Gov to spy on a presidential candidate for the advancement of the.@HilaryClinton campaign
Yes, and she is so thankful you enable her to take IT jobs overseas, instead of here in the US where they belong
Are you setting up sweat shops so you can sell ugly clothes and shoes on the backs of slave labor?? Yeah that's it
I'm sure she is tweeting the exact same about you
Indians would like Ivanka her snatch smells like Curry
NOBODY care what IVANKA thinks. Like stepmother like stepdaughter.
Because you can get more sweat shops up and running? You know you want to. You've failed all safety inspections and safeguards up till now.
Skank
When did Ivanka become Secretary of State?
Please stop talking! You don't represent #ConsciousWomen or #TheUnitedStates You represent only the #IdiocracyNation
Shouldn't you be at your plastic surgery appointment?
NOBODY ELECTED YOU.
Nepotism = The Trumps #losertrump
Stop talking please ivanka. Please!
MOVE TO CANADA.don waste ur time focusing on Trump
I noticed you always around when it comes to meeting diplomats so you want the title but not the responsibility. Be glad when you go to jail

Yes, I remember reading in Ivanka's memoir how much of an influence she has always been on @IvankaTrump
Come on fashion girl, you know you never heard of her before today
Your non-accomplishments, propped up by nepotism, are an insult to her. We are ashamed that you were there. Please go away.
Oh, please!  We all know you never even heard of her until you insinuated yourself into the White House.
News alert: you're not a diplomat and you do not represent us.

You're a phony
Of course - she got to where she is on merit. Unlike you. You have the charisma of a wet sock.

... have you seen India?? That lady is part of a caste system that is killing it's own people.
#shutup_Trump
It's too bad you live in your father's Shadow cuz you seem to be pretty intelligent and caring. Maybe you should distance yourself.

What's your job Ivanka nobody knows???
Indian diplomat says country will treat Ivanka Trump 'the way we do half-wit Saudi princes' http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2631301  via @dcexaminer
If that is true, the person should have both his tongue and his testicles fed to him with beef side dishes.
India isn't as foolish and bunch of lemmings as the US Alt-Right, They know better
You criticized Obama, and look at you...

Long respected? You mean for the whole two months you've been aware of her existence?
So perplexing that World Leaders and the @GOP are fooled by uncouth, ignorant @POTUS
“i respect your people for working for an unlivable wage so i can lie to the american people to sell my unfashionable clothing. thank you”
You have no experience and u could careless about others rights
Shame India go india go
Do you source you clothing line from slave labour swear shops there ? They look cheap enough to be made there !
India is a great country and great people. We should seek all opportunities to increase economic trade with them
Liars, Traitors & Thieves™ Trump Crime Family  
Stand down @IvankaTrump
Just like your father, it's all about "I" & YOUR own "honor." Narcissist. Go back to NYC & spend time w/ hubby before prison time starts

If you are of no help or have no persuasive ability what the hell are you there for? Go home and stop costing the tax payers money
Be sure tovsucknupvtibghe countries where you're planning to open new mfg plants. It's the Trump way to keep manufacturing out of the US
...and why are you there?
Did she buy a handbag to.
You are not a diplomat or a member of the state depart. You are admittedly a useless advisor to Trump. #GoAwayIvanka
You have absolutely no business being there. Please stop taking dollars.
Are you the #MadPooper ???
No one cares! You've no doubt long respected you father too! Think about it...
What bout honor killings that r Still happening n India. I wil NEVER visit a country w/so little respect for Women's lives!
Ivanka...just because you keep on chipping your teeth doesn't mean your vibrator is defective!
.@TGowdySC You personally vouched for.@BobSMueller therefore it's your obligation to see he adheres to the job he was hired to do
It's an honor for you to meet anybody these days. #ImpeachTrump #Resist #myhickenismorequaslified #myhickenismorequalified
That's a beautiful opportunity to learn something @IvankaTrump


Thanks again madam.
How insulting for daddy's little girl to meet with India's Minister of External Affairs, instead of a bonafide diplomat!  Pathetic Drumpf!
Your so full of it, ate you packing?
HAPPY DURGA PUJA
Long, meaning since two weeks ago when someone told me about her
Why the eff are you even there??? You're a mediocre shoe designer with a goddamned business econ degree and ZERO relevant experience!
You're a waste of taxpayer money. That's it. You are taking MY tax dollars, which unlike your father I pay, and wasting it. Disgusting.
Fake news
Excellent job mr Trump
In front of world leaders, our lunatic President just threatened to wipe a country of 25 million people off the map.
They make delicious handbags in India. Great idea for your upcoming Holiday Knockoff selection.
Who the fcuk cares what 5th Avenue Barbie thinks?  Go shopping.
Everyone who voted Trump-Pence is responsible for the deaths and injuries in Charlottesville.
How the hell are you qualified to even work in the White House... I'm Canadian and this blows my mind... your father will start a war
Oh darlin you can't sit with them You are not on their level
America a family business. That's a joke and an embarrassment to all democrats in the world.
Who cares?  How's that equal pay initiative of yours coming along?  Or family leave? What, EXACTLY, do you do, other than "meet" people?
I think that in certain circles, it's called a "Clinton cigar with a Lewinski"....  @parothed19741
previous spelling error corrected
Are you sexting me on Twitter? If so... I plead the 5th... 
Oh. U r in NY. Stay away from politics. Go back to your sweatshops.
You don't have to be in the White House to hang out with her.  Just sayin'
For someone who wants to "stay out of politics" you certainly meet a great number of world political leaders!
Too bad the majority of Americans don't respect YOU.
You gonna sell them some shoes?  Ridiculous!  Go home to New York!
Why are you in the White House? Why??

Oh please! Your family has ZERO respect for anybody other than themselves.
You have no qualifications to represent USA anywhere in the world. You do not reflect our values/people. UR a fraud/liar like ur father!
No one cares Ivanka while you allow your father to speak his angry rhetoric at the UN that will eventually cause great harm to US. Step up
Not sure which first lady we see less of these days. You or step mommy. Either way I suppose it's for the best. 1 lying Trump is enough
تبين انها تبتسم بس فلحقيقه ماودهاروحي زرقي ابوتس بس
#Complicit #Daughter/Wife Hard not to notice that Daddy @realDonaldTrump  doesn't respect any of the women in his life.
Enjoy your freedom while it lasts.
#Complicit #ComplicitGOP #TraitorTrump #goptreason #TrumpTreason #TrumpCrimeFamily #CorruptGOPTraitors #moneylaundering #kleptocrats #MAGA
What's your job again? Remind us of your qualifications
Thank you sir and your family for your service. Anybody that gets paid one dollar for being president and donates the rest to charity
and doesn't give up on these hateful people is number one  on my list. God Bless you and keep you safe.

But if she was a refugee you would turn her away&if she was an American female you wouldn't push for her right to have the same pay as a man
No surprise considering your extensive study of Indian politics.
So what personal business did you do today?
