Who?
Remember that time every single performer of note that your inauguration committee & your personal staff reached out to turned your pleading to perform, down?
Thank you, Donald Trump, for such a flattering statement about angelic Jackie!  :-) Pleez invite her & Juliet, concert+!
Yeah, you're some kind of movement.
please try to work with the dems to fix healthcare . Both parties need to put their heads together
@POTUS In "quotes", so is that a bathroom reference? #ButItWasInQuotes
No Sir, you just can't fix Stupid
With the `movement` you use t.p. or a corncob.
the irony in this statement after rolling back #transgender rights is astounding.
you think its because of you?? NO its because shes talented . . .Only movement here is the shit that comes from your mouth
.@realDonaldTrump You are like a bad bowel movement. Painful. foul, and just want to get rid of it.
Evancho is wrong about transgenders. God makes no mistakes...Because you want to be another sex in your twisted head. Sin.
Oh get over yourself
why is it since you were elected and do not agree with previous pres , that they slam you, you did not make them gayy..
you were quoted in an article by @CNN
bowel movement?
SHE IS AN ANGEL :)
please settle any refugees near celebrities that are welcoming them. We want them to be happy !!
FYI your supporters 1st ammendment rights are being violated by liberal sites flagging us as spam so they cant hear us .
Too bad she had to go and destroy her career...
why is a man from India who only travels to America for 4 months to visit family allowed to be on Medicaid?
who? You're a movement? Maybe a bowel movement, nothing important.
wake up and smell the coffee! no one!  I mean no ONE likes you as their president bud!
bowel?
I'd say u lost yr mind but that would be not right...
Calm down and listen to what is really going on.
I call bullshit!
so many of us "do" understand, and we're on to you
poor dear - not even the cover band wanted to be at your farce of an inauguration
God bless US president DonaldTrump, first lady n all family...
you will be prosecuted.
you're nobody
zzz
THATS MY RCRED GIRL!
Really?
@Trumpified_King Jackie was great. Thank you Mr President forloving America
Use YOUR POTUS, ACCOUNT. Billionaire Man..
Whatever you say, Hitler.
: So who is she, and why should I care. An idiot that sells two albums is not much better than someone selling only one,
you were quoted by @voxdotcom
If and or when you don't keep your promises it all amounts to more of a bowel "movement".
@JohnG500  love you Jackie!! great honor !!
who the hell is she?
Jackie who? oh that unknown "star" you managed to get to sing for you? Sorry, trying doing the research, it's just NOT SO
so excited for Friday Mr Trump! Can't wait to see you take the official oath as President. Great day for America!
I am proud to be an American again
They don't understand how great you are and how hard it must be to be the greatest!  We love you Mr. President!
who the fuck is she?
artist @TinaDeCara would be honored to perform as well. I am a childhood friend of Deborah Stellio #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
we have no desire to hear about your bowel habits!
Jackie Evancho has an angelic voice and her music is beautiful.
From nothing to something? I'd never heard of her until I looked at a list of your has-been performers and no-name singers.
maybe because no one even knows who she is.
they should all rally. Dumb butts what's to sit on the side.
May we please know who WILL be attending?
The Movement Understands itself. We understand how fortunate We are to have elected One of Our Own. Thanks Again Patriot! C
the only #movement is the #bowelmovement every time you open your mouth. #dumptrump #unamerican #LiarInChief
Who ? Dont know a #JackieEvancho Nope don't know her 
Some do Mr President they tremble in glass houses behind their tall fences. Loyalists will have tears of joy@ur inauguratn
Can you get much more loathsome.  I truly doubt it.
That's the only reason she agreed to perform at your inauguration !! It was for her financial benefit, not for you.
if Russia is such a threat according to Brennan why did they wait til they are going out door to do anything?
No they don't. It's annoying
Bowel?
Who in the hell is she?
You have so much gall. She did just fine without you. #notmypresident
NOW WE NEED ****COLDWATER CANYON ***
who?
u lie. i just looked up?
She was probably forced to perform by parents or managers. Why do you think no one else wants to? SAD!
her last big hit was?
I don't understand the movement.  Right now I'm trying to understand why our country appears to be unraveling.
very good brain-- zilch WISDOM
Celebs can come or go but for the inaug the armed forces choirs and musicians are all that's needed for the ceremony.
They don't have a clue.And they don't want a clue.
Still can't believe you had to book a Springsteen cover band for your inauguration.
why is it hard to believe that entertainment elites are assholes?
I just think it would have been better if he booked Springsteen
Bruce isn't a grown up
Dancing in the Dark or Glory Days. Which song is better?
which song did he dance to with Courtney cox?
Bravo!  Glad Jenner Holliday & other Hollywood robots will not be there.
I understand the "movement" , I have one twice a day.
Count me as one of the "some people"
fake news
So proud to have her as your guest - looking forward she is extremely gifted

Omg stop takin credit for everything. Trump: "the earth revolved today, you can thank me later" @realDonaldTrump
100% false and a straight up lie. Keep being pathetic.
. @realDonaldTrump "movement" is the perfect word. Bowel movement....
تفكيك الكيان الصهيوني واجب أحرار العالم على غرار كيان الميز العنصري في جنوب إفريقيا
"ويسألونك عن الجبال فقل ينسفها ربي نسفا
Not quite. @jackieevancho sold 6k on release week & a whopping 11k the week after.  http://www.billboard.com/video/fact-checking-donald-trumps-claim-about-jackie-evanchos-album-sales-billboard-news-7647023 … #Inauguration2017 #liar #MAGA
Makes u wonder why record exec's are falling all over them selves to sign her, doesn't it.
I dont understand the movement. What is it to which you refer. You mean what?
shut up
well she lost me as a fan.
Have you checked awful Pence ' s record on gays, planned parenthood and abortion. Truly appalling.
Do you enjoy Tchaikovsky.  He would have been poisoned because he was gay. Committed suicide poor genius.
You're not legit. Won't watch the Inauguration as I would spew. How classy are the Clinton's to even attend.
I don't like the idea of them being there, either, but this has to do w/ a peaceful transition of power
Jackie Evancho is gift from God. She is totally beautiful within. Operating on the positive side wanting love and freedom.
President Trump, may I suggest that you use the BIBLE to be sworn in. After all, God got you this far. He is caring for you
you're a bowel movement

ups - she didn't sell more
why don't you quit trying to take credit for things that have nothing to do with you!
Skyrocketed?  I do not think the word means what you think it does.
She is an very talented, adorable young lady, and i hope she is careful in quest for stardom.I wish her luck.  TG
Impressive. U have 200 buses coming,
Women's march on the 21st has 1,200 buses Big show, not 4 U.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/local/wp/2017/01/12/200-buses-have-applied-for-city-parking-on-inauguration-day-1200-have-applied-for-the-womens-march/?utm_term=.f4aeaf5d5298 …
I will be kind.  There is only one type of movement you represent. That is the Trump for himself movement and nothing else.
Who is Jackie Evancho ?
Not true- whenever I have a "Movement" I think of you.
There is no movement.
Movement. You mean like a bowel movement?
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/jackie-evancho-bathroom-bills_us_5877758fe4b05b7a465df018 …?
there is no movement, just anger. that's  how you got there
I'll play your inaugural ball - Just get me there, lodging and back home..
@realDanoIdTrump
does your homophobe VP know that her sister is Transgender?
I doubt Mr Trump reads these personally but how could I get him to talk to an average everyday citizen b4 he takes office
and is too busy to talk to us at the bottom of the totem poll.   I just want to bend his ear for a moment.  Any ideas ?
.@realDonaldTrump A very low skyrocketing, I must say...
Bull. Any performer who does ANY inauguration experiences a big jump. Has nothing to do wity any "movement".
When you call it the "Movement" it sounds like a BM.
Of course Boss , the Big Boss said those who bless you I will bless and those who curse you I will curse, simple.
You know that isn't true. You sir are an inveterate prevaricator. Maybe Kellyanne can explain what that means.
I understand that yours is a bowel movement.
Who?
#seriouslywhoisthat
Only "movement" YOU'LL ever inspire is a bowel movement.  Based on what comes out of your mouth.
in your case it's a bowel movement
bowel movement
you mean a BM?
poor Jackie! She should back out before her career suffers. Playing for traitors is not good for a career!
So have sales of new hotel beds in Russia!
dismantle the left, repatriate and deport their voting blocks, and strip them of citizenship.
LOVE @jackieevancho !!
Yeah.  All the record stores are sold out!
Over 3 million more people voted for Hillary. So I guess a LOT more of us don't understand your "movement".
Too bad the the Marx bros. and the 3 Stooges aren't still around. They would refuse also. Too much class.
that's, all you care about is if your liked.  Your Shallow! You tweet because you can't speak articulatey.
who.??
Unless UNIVERSAL HUMAN VALUES are part of our ideology issues as HUMANRIGHTS&LIBERTIES will be RESPECTED in the US &WORLD
Superficial cyberattacks analysis in a very complex technological interconnected world dangerous as Obama's cyberwarfare
She should thank you. My son would like to as well since you took credit for his game winning home run last week.
History scholars understand.
mmmmm really quite on Twitter I see everyone knew Russia had dirt on you
yay for the unknown. The world is laughing at you.
Yay! Someone with both actual talent and guts! (something @ArianaGrande @taylorswift13 could stand to learn from, AmiRite?)
, wow her holiday album got less than a 50% bump during Christmas week. Good job. It's all because of you, you narcissist...
Jackie who?
The only reason Jackie is performing is because she has no say in the matter.She's 16.
That is why we want nothing to do with it. This is the US 2017, not Germany 1933. We all know how that turned out.
We understand it all too well.......it's called Fascism. Just like Germany in 1933-1945. We do understand :the movement."
who's she?
just like you to take credit for the accomplishments of others
they actually dropped.
yeah- the bowel movement that is the GOP
WOW...ONE PERSON....LOL...TOO FUNNY
your biggest supporters are either russian, nazis, or other white supremists. How do you proudly accept this?
the "movement" towards that Great America you keep talking about?
, you are correct, those morons of yours have no clue. But hopefully the media will do their job and let them know.
no dude, we're doing pee jokes right now, no poos.
BULLSHIT!!!
So not true. Know what is? Obama's approval ratings are twice what yours are. Thats gotta hurt.
what bubble are you living in sir? #narcissistMuch?
ye are a chump, trump.
Who's album sales? Never heard of her.
lies!   I feel bad for #JackieEvancho, after 1/20 her career is over.
who the fuck  is Jackie whoever. If you  had class you'd  get Axl  Rose.. Who'd never step foot  by you. Pls stop tweeting
