#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendmentNow
@kellyz713 @Merlin333 @sawsharee @MooPersists @MaxMaxsilva1946 @solomongrundy6 @Merlin333 @TruthEqualsFact @_Kevin_Dalby @Jerusal53393006
obamacare literally saved my life
Why are you obsessed with president Obama, Trump on his worse day you couldn't compete. Give up now #liarinchief #resign #magabyleaving
Your right there is no competition he's far better than obama will ever be! And it's only his first year! 
Really...lock him and his swamp up mueller
Lmao if Hillary isn't in prison...someone who is actually doing this country some good certainly isn't going to. 
Your very correct you very well might or could be the best President we have ever had going way way back to George Washington
I had to or wanted to go back to work to get my wife covered her policy went up to $1,200.00 a month she canceled hers
BECAUSE YOU'RE DESTROYING IT.
Thank God!!! 
Why not offer the same healthcare CONGRESS gets to ALL Americans?! Think of your legacy. Think about how history will remember you.
You’re literally causing grief and tragedy for us. Thanks for increasing our premiums and failing at honor the law. Dick.
What's left can be called "Trump(doesn't)care"
Mr. President I'm drowning in premiums. 1,900.00 a month. Please help me. It's now more than my mortgage.
You gonna pick up difference when we end up  paying extra $
 'cause your "plan" which is just
a way to screw us?Thx a lot Moneybags.  
With Obama Care I actually had coverage. W/ Trump Health Care I won't be able to afford it, along with millions of others.
Trump Care is no care.
Not in Pennsylvania.  Obamacare is the best thing to happen to most of us. You are jealous of Obama,  you should be. He was the greatest!!!
Mr. Trump.There is a God. You will stand before him, you will give an account for your life & actions. It's not too late to learn compassion
Moron Don, It's ONLY you who are DISMANTLING the ACA, no one else. It's ONLY you who are DRIVING UP COSTS by DISMANTLING it!
It's ALL ON you
Fire is causing such grief and tragedy for so many. It is being completely ignored by the alleged POTUS.
RT @realDonaldTrump Now would be a great time for YOU to follow up on #Healthcare & get rid of the congressional exemption from #Obamacare .

Thanks for creating uncertainty in the  market and driving up our rates!
Lmao obamacare did that! 
Ummm, nope.
I'm a single hard working mom. I have pre-existing illness; Lupus,  has no cure. Without obamacare, I wouldn't have seen my baby graduate.
#TrumpIsInsane #ImpeachTrumpNow #TrumpIsInsane #ImpeachTrumpNow  #TrumpIsInsane #ImpeachTrumpNow  #TrumpIsInsane #ImpeachTrumpNow
You just make shit up as you go! Wait till your struggling supporters realize you’re a lying fraud and you screwed them!$
Give it a rest, Donnie. You aren't dismantling anything except your brand.

You failed...Bigly.
That is so much BS. You are the biggest threat to healthcare in this country with your cowardly and sadistic actions.
why did u win . why has america chosen a cheeto to run the country.
So he could undue all of obama's bullshit!  
You being in office is causing the same grief for us!
They're too stupid to realize all they have to do is fix it instead of eliminate it. They are just trying to erase black mans history
Yes, it is a nightmare thank goodness! #Trump #TrumpTrain #Obamacare
ACA has saved millions of lives.  PASS #MedicareForAll  BEST for America.  Save money, grow business, US economy & show U r a real leader
Think it's time that all members of government drop their healthcare & join the rest of us...and pay for their coverage like the rest of us!
#LyingDonald You're sabotaging the ACA. EVERYONE, including your minions, knows that! Your legacy is 1 of cruelty & greed.
meanwhile the Presidency is causing humanity grief and you are a tragedy to history!
Only the one percenters will profit and appreciate the New healthcare repugnicans have created!
Get healthcare out of government! Go back to free market.
Obama is better than trump
True all the way.
Please do something on health care. Obamacare would not cover our family due to pre exec. Condition. No insurance for 12 years now.
Please help us get out of these ridiculous high health insurance premiums.  Next increase will force me to go without health insurance. HELP
You’re the reason people are suffering, you sabotage ACA and then sit back to watch it crash . Americans will die directly due to your spite
One more reason we wish you'd have a heart attack, and fall over.
On a $2300 monthly paycheck, power rent electric car insurance & payment plus 3 kids to feed. $742 for healthcare is UNAFFORDABLE
Way to high. I gave up.. Can't afford it. I'll pay penalty. Gotta feed my kids.
If Obama care is so wonderful, awesome why is it that congress and there families are exempt from it ? If good for America but not Congress

had you passed Obamacare the way he presented it it would have been outstanding y'all made it bad then blamed him
.@realDonaldTrump   Apparently being president gives you too much free time.  Use it better please!!!  Not on Twitter.  All I got
Hey asshole.  It saved my life. You are the worst thing about the ACA bc you are actively sabotaging it.
Actually our primiums went down the last two years Donald thanks to Obama care.  But youre going to fix that.
My premiums stayed the same the last 3 years.
Obamacare is only grieving YOU because you hate helping the poor. You who would rob Americans of healthcare are a TRAITOR to America.
Premiums & deductibles will go higher thanks to your stunt. You now own this. If it fails, it's own you. #Trumpcare
My insurance went up to 695.00 a month in jan and the plan got worse. That coverage is for me. No dental or eye care. HELP US MR PRESIDENT
And thats aetna
My father is upset. He is a veteran. Obama made it so he has to pay 50 to get his ears cleaned. It used to be free and his meds went up.
instead of fixing Obama care helping your corporate friends from offering healthcare stop the Big insurance companies from hiking premiums
There is fake, there is genuine. If Republicans'd've brought 'the HEALTHCARE FOR EVERYONE', it'd've been successful since it is a necessity

You tried to get OBummer Care repealed but politics as usual by the Democrats & Rino's that are more in battling you than the job for  USA
Totally agree!
Health care for all should be an obligation not a pay by night service..  save the rich and fuck the poor. That’s your game! J for joke?
YOU have been the only cause of our grief ever since you took the seat. YOU have caused much tragedy in the world due to jealousy of P.B.O.
Liar, liar. Pants on fire
Liar Liar..Because you sabotaged it.  You hurt your base and you will be voted out

@realDonaldTrump When you give a speech, which is all the time, why does it look like a woman’s arms/hands are coming from behind you?
What about the many who rely on #ACA protections to receive life saving care?
U know Obamacare may not be ‘great’, but let me tell u something we’re not getting any healthcare coming out of U!!!
What on earth are you talking about?
ObamaCare has done a lot for people. You just want to end it because you don’t give to shits about the little guy.
FAKE NEWS
Obamacare has helped my parents obtain health insurance and stay healthy.. being able to be healthy should be a right not an option!
For many, Obamacare is insurance in name only. And paying for insurance that has excessive deductibles is no bargain, it's a burden.
insurance companies Obama has given money to actually help the people.  Where is it???? My premium and deduct is 500 a month 7500 deduct.
Don't talk about things you know NOTHING about! You fuckin' MORON!

#SaveACA 
#TRUMPRUSSIA 
#TrumpIsAMoron 
#TrumpFamilySux
Amen sista!!!
What a great leader ,how could u do that to the american people I'm truly sad  that's not good at all 
It's not causing a tenth of the grief and tragedy you have your hand in, Donnie. You're our worst president ever- by far!
You’re so full of shit
This wouldn’t even be an issue if the abuse of Medicaid and Medicare were not out of control! By people & providers.
Repeat. How do you sleep at night, after personally dismantling the only affordable health insurance some people ever had?
Great! I think the only thing left on the list is for you to appoint your horse a Senator!
How many insurance companies does President Trump own? Should he recuse himself. The bill should be put on ballot so every voter could vote on it
Stop being childish daily.youre too old to still be talking about Obama,just be the president.and stop causing all these problems with EVERYONE!!!! You sound a bit jealous of the man, why you're in the seat BEHIND him now...Time to act civilized wouldn't you say??

REPUBLICANS CAUSE BIG INSURANCE COMPANIES TO PULL OUT WITH TRUMPS COMMENTS SPARKING FEAR OF OBAMA COLLAPSE THEN U TRUMP REMOVE ALL SUBSIDIES AGAIN STRICKING A DEVASTATING BLOW TO THE ACA BUT DIDN'T KILL IT , OBAMA CARE WAS FIXABLE MR. PRESIDENT , U JUST HATE OBAMA SO MUCH , ERASE

Ty Mr President Trump you are Americas champion
We're praying for you President Trump.
22% increase next calendar year healthy middle class family of three with detectable 24k we are the ones getting creamed
Its you that's the problem not Obamacare
You’re causing the grief. I don’t benefit personally but I benefit as a society for this policy. HC aid a right says this HC worker!
Whine, whine, whine
Blame, blame, blame
Didn't mommy teach you not to lie?
Please END this monstrosity Sir. It really is hurting people. Truly so.
And your plan would have made them several times worse and you know it.
You are forcing that with your sabotage.
Please resign.
When I look up the word “grief” in the dictionary, it literally shows your face. Literally. Your face. Like literally.
Thanks to you premium will sky rocket for your rich friends in the insurance game... Thanks 4 watching out 4 the taxpayer. Oh yeah....not.
And what about dental added back to medicaid. Welfare programs.
Tell that to my daughter who turns 26 and is trying to figure out if she can afford any form of health insurance for next year. U R clueless
Deductibles are up when you aren't protecting the program, and have it regulated to protect itself.
I feel you are not helping helping America at all. Hurting us by taking away all the issues that help the U.S.A.
President Bone-spur 
You will never be remembered for anything good
I love president obama
Can you name the 7 countries Obama bombed children?
Proposal?!?!
It’s trump care now. All yours.
Then why are you complaining instead of doing something about it?
Obamacare has its tissues which could be easily fixed with bipartisan approach!  You have sabotaged it from the word go, openly & obviously!
All Americans should be offered the same health care including all office holders state and federal
The Government has no place in the private sector. GET OUT! let the Free Market work. National Defense is our greatest healthcare plan.
You are the reason that so many are suffering. Just trying to dismantle it.
Yeah why can’t I get the same coverage Senator Foghorn Leghorn gets?
Mr President how can we give free food to other parts of the world when we have hungry childern here?
Have each person of the congress and senate "apply" for Obama care and see how they like the numbers.  Then, have them have a 45,000 income.
You are a monster and an entitled bigot with zero knowledge of scientific facts

https://twitter.com/libertyselfgov/status/823220017713979392 … WE THE PEOPLE RGOV GOOD MORN THK GOD 42DAY 4JUSTICE 4 ALL ESP”CORUPT POLITICIANS” OR NO JUSTICE 4EA AMERICAN #MAGA

WE THE PEOPLE OF USA BRILLANT MINDS UNITED THUR FREEDOM OF SPEECH CONSTRUCTIVE DEBATE OF TRUTH & FACTS 2 #MAGA. NOT DESTRUCTIVE RIOTS GBA 
So some of us will have to die because you have a hard on for Obama and want to dismantle everything he has done
TRUMP is causing such grief & tragedy for so many...
YOU’RE responsible for this latest round of  dismantling ... oye vey
Your ability to lie must be borne in your DNA. What a shameless cesspool the White House has become due to you.
"So coarse with rancor...those who disagree are considered malevolent." - @BarackObama
Exactly why I said,pen in hand,override it!
Wrong again.
#Obamacare has also helped SO many people, me included. Also I had no idea how active u are on Twitter. #thethingsyoulearnontwitter
Look into a mirror and say these lies to yourself, then they won't be lies anymore!
Does anyone care about the high prices of health care, or do all of you pay nothing?
That's not what we the people are saying. We want O'care.
Yes you take the health care u are offering
Tired of suffering financially over medical bills causes stress and more issues back to the doctor for relief get the bill stressed again
Absolutely disgusting. I have never been prouder to be a Canadian! That I can thank you for.
It was working!  With your lack of planning and insight you are going to create the next depression.
You also shouldn't ban abortion. #prochoice And I don't even know anyone who is pregnant, I'm just expressing my view point during science class.
But soooo many people will lose coverage. If you want to fix the American health care system how about you figure out why American health care costs so much. Go on YouTube and search Adam ruins everything health care. It might help explain some things. I'm really glad to be 
Leave obamacare alone, you have nothing better to offer in its place
You sir are a tool!
Why aren’t you helping Puerto Rico
Just for you!
Here's hoping that the rumors of retirements in the United States Supreme court come to fruition soon!
What are you talking about? The ACA has helped many! Get in touch with reality...
http://ThePayz.com/?refer=47994 
@SandDidrik
You are personally driving up premiums. If you view that as a negative, which oddly is not clear, you are the reason. Just you.
You are causing the grief and tragedy. So call it what it is. TFrump is screwing everything up.
LIE
You got that wrong. It should read: "Trump is causing  such grief and tragedy for so many!" Resign already!
You mean person you! You spread lies and sabotaged Obamacare. It was fine until you showed up! 
TRUMP is the biggest cause of grief and tragedy for the formerly great USA
Call it what it is:  Affordable Healthcare Act.  You only call it O.C. because it riles your idiot supporters.  Con-artist.  #Amendment25
Being dismantled by u, quit forcing the failure on the program..
And Mr 45, what have YOU done to make it better for those suffering?
Lies lies lies.  Guess what? We aren't all dumb.
...but don't worry, Trump is here to cause far more grief and tragedy for many, many more Americans.  Trump does everything better! #crybaby
Damn you anyway. You are sabotaging this whole thing. Not everyone is as gullible as your damn idiotic base.
You are causing grief and tragedy. Using one of your favorite adjectives:  tremendous grief and anxiety.
Awesome
Guess why its causing so much grief. Oh! Its because you "dismantled" it.
How does this guy sleep?
I love The ACA. It saved my son. It saved us money. All of us have preexisting conditions. Don’t destroy my family. Protect the ACA!
Your jealousy of Obama is ruining our country!
You are worst thing to ever happen to the USA.
