Dude you're still using a private email server! You're tweeting from an unsecured Android phone. Plus you spilled state secrets to Russia!
You mean this story that was everywhere? Try reading, it's good for the brain.

never happened.  Nor did she ever collude wiht the enemy.  You have. Gitmo will love seeing you in a cage there.  And your orange jump suit
Wow this didn't age well...
This what?

I LOVE how many times this story keeps getting respun....and every time it gets shot down as garbage.    It didnt happen and even if every word was true, so what?  Has nothing to do with the Russians interefing in the election and Trumps part in it.


The left's hypocrisy is astounding & Now they're mad about not getting to 'sit down at the #healthcare table' SMH
Hillary is not POTUS.  Did you forget, you are UNFORTUNATELY!  Stop bringing up Hillary, it shows your ineptitude!
We will NEVER stop 'bringing her up', much as it makes us nauseous, 'til she's put where she&Co. belong.


Mr.President excuse me for saying so but it is your job to order AG Sessions to open an investigation into Crooked Hilliary and others.
funny how he said he was going to do this, before he was elected,then didn't. Maybe because it's just a talking point for him,for deflection
Yes because unfortunately you are president, so even tho it's hard for you to understand, you are held to higher standards. Grow up Donnie

Keep in mind what the final outcome was for this man and his boss.

So your philosophy is that 2 wrongs DO make a right. You're POTUS. You're 71 years old. Yet you act like a spoiled child. Sad (or sick) guy
If you're ever in court you should just say to the judge that it's ok you committed a crime as many others have also
No use attempting to deflect and distract. You have been caught red handed.
It is policy to destroy old phones. That doesn't destroy the emails on them. Please learn something. Oh, where are your taxes? #TrumpRussia
And if this had been DJT Mueller would have every Dem Attorney in DC hired to investigate, investigate, investigate.....
Vito the sanctions and do everything in your power to destroy Obamacare
its veto, not vito...
Tick tock. In less then 7 Days . Life changes for @HillaryClinton @BarackObama @johnpodesta I need to buy some popcorn.
Sure. Nothing Ever Happens.
Ahhh ye of little faith. It is happening. 100% it is happening.
: Your own Justice Dept Attorney's are lying when they claim there's a "diminished public interest" in wanting HRC's e-mails
If you want to know what Dems are guilty of look at their accusations. #Satan means #Accuser "Accuse otherside of that which you guilty of" #JosGoebbels
Democrats commit massive crimes....and blame all of it of the Republicans. Barrack Obama and Eric Holder stole billions and billions using RICO #Cronies to Rob innocent Americans with #NMS15a $Theft $Crimes
Have Session do something about it!
They need prison @realDonaldTrump this is the ONLY way teach them the law applies to EVERYONE

And she got investigated for it so suck it up orange boy. It's your turn now!
Wow. The paid bots are out in full force tonight. Have you thanked Putin?
GREATEST. TWEET. EVER.
EPIC!!!
When will you do what you promised Lock her up!?
Why isn't she in jail?
Then; by all means, Lock The Evil Witch Up President Trump Vi Sessions!
It's coming, hope he lets her butt hole pucker as long as possible. What's scary is those who believe in her
Dude she lost. Get over it, you manbitch.
Anger issues darling??
Enough about her. You won. You. You're president, campaigning and ended months ago. Do the damn job you told people you were best for or go
Reopen crooked case and arrest soros and john podesta the molester of kids
the Big Problem is she did not an was not able to obstruct alone it took a network,Is this network still in pwr?corrupt pwr hard to kill
Crooked @realDonaldTrump is destroying America one day at a time
Assuming allegations correct, doesn't compare 2 u & ur TRAITORS. Ur children, surrogates, lawyers r involved! Flynn WILL FLIP! They'll get U
Trying to deflect? Hillary is old news. Be a man for once in your life.
Trump Drama we heard all. Lies, lies, & more lies.
There's everyone crooked around you. You're being crooked too if you put all trust on mad dog to control mil operation in Syria, if true.
He's a fake account, you fucking moron...
Still a lot smarter than you...
She is not above the law! HC & all connected  should receive same treatment as any other law breaker.
Hillary isnt president. Take responsibility for what you are doing NOW. Grow up
Prison LOCK them ALL UP CRIMINAL CROOKED CORRUPT SEWER RATS
Jesus Christ.  Get over her already.
Shouldnt you know, be golfing?
Holy shit, stop tweeting and actually do your job. I appreciate using "modern" platforms, but goddamn
She was cleared for a simple reason. She wasn't guilty and dealt with the hunt to hurt her better than you ever could
Why are you still whining about Hilary Clinton? Putin hacked you the election, time to move on.
I'm sorry but the elections are OVER old man. Nobody fucking cares ab "H" Obstruction is a serious crime Can u resign so I can sleep again?
Crooked H? What a clown when your orange nose is deep inside putin's ass cheeks!
You are absolutely right. Sorry you said Clintons are nice people and tou didnt want to hurt them because they sure would hurt you. Justice

You have FAILED to have a policy with the Military, or #DoYourJob w/competence, & YOU ENDANGER OUR TROOPS with no plan of what you're doing.
Don't sweat the threats from democrats re: firing DepAG or Muller.  They both should remove themselves or face being removed.  Biased
She's not President, Steve Bannon is

#WhinyLittleBitch

#resistance

#RussInfluence

#FOLLOWTHEFACTS

#PutinsPuppet

#HillaryWonElection
We are still waiting but the FBI DIRECTOR made a deal to destroy all the laptops with the evidence.
Man up. You are the President. Stop deflecting. School yard antics won't help.Admit you are wrong and step down.
Oh, please. Do you just live in fantasy land?
You just don't know when to shut up...do you?
And how many cabinet members do you have with Russia ties
Who's the President now? Trump had his staff meet with Russian Agents throughout election and before being sworn in. TRUMP = Obstruction.
Thank you Pres Trump for trying to make America great again! We voted for you for a reason and it's been great watching the left whine!
Crooked Trump colluded with Russia to win the election! The truth will come out!!!
Hey buddy, stop talking about Hillary. She's In the woods. You won!!!! You also made this bed, now lay in it. Quit complaining.
Trump supports terrorists against Asad, provides Ukraine’s fascists with weapons against Russia, signs anti-American spending bill against Americans. Trump doesn’t support military, he supports the military aggressions. I will not vote for Trump anymore.
The Military Industrial Complex is having an easy time manipulating Pres Trump's decisions.
High level of crime and mass shootings in the USA are created artificially in order to threaten Americans and sell them more weapons. If you don’t agree with me, ask why the US government is doing absolutely nothing in order to stop crime and mass shootings
I think you're getting more nervous. Whenever you bring up the real winner of the election we can smell your fear.
And your still talking about Hillary Clinton. Omg. They are more powerful than you. Quit hating. Resign already.
StealthJeff just shared. Carter Page left the Trump campaign before the first FISA warrant was issued.
SEE, NO ONE WANTS TO FOCUS ON THE LAW BREAKING THAT HILLARY CLINTON DID, THE EVIDENCE IS RIGHT OUT THERE, BUT SHE WALKED?
Justice should always be FAIR...
When Justice is not fair , it is not Justice because Justice can never be selective , unjust, unfair and tainted.
Sounds like Fox News BS.
Amen!
Man you are so sick! Why do you constantly have to bully everyone. We all know you’re a fake Potus, scared of your impending impeachment!
Isn't the Clinton Foundation "poster kid" for the RICO act?
So when is AG Sessions going to start doing something about it. NEVER! Sessions needs to be fired.
@AnbMiele Where the hell is DOJ
I so agree.
So glad women voted against her. She's despicable
Look at JudicialWatch, they want access from you to go after these crooks. Tom Fitton
You're just jealous, because she is smarter than you, is qualified to do the job, and is more experienced then you will  ever be!
Stay the course-America is with you-end DACA now-don't give lazy Congress time to undermine getting rid of illegals
We are waiting for Hillary to be locked up!
you don't just grab for posies, you grab for any shred of a rumor and story that might help cover your failures and crimes
I see you were drinking with Steve again...
Do You People Honestly Believe That This Twiiter Account Is ACTUALLY Operated By THE MAN Himself !? .. Dream On !!! .. It's a Manager !!!
You really are as unhinged as they say. You should take a nap
Corrupt Donald at it again
There is not a single right-wing false accusation about @HillaryClinton or @BarackObama that will excuse your acts, Mr. #Trump.
Meanwhile in reality, we just witnessed you manipulating young children into booing Obama, an ACTUAL scout and ACTUAL president. #SICK #EVIL
deflecting attention from the real problem.
Do you need some tissues to dry your eyes, precious?
Will you get a life?  No president ever had as much free time as you do.
You are obsessed with Hillary.
The United States needs to bleach its orange Russian taint.
Hillary is living rent free between your ears.
STILL TALKING ABOUT HILLARY? This is all you, big guy. She isn't the Prez; she didn't "win" remember? (or did she?) #Loser #RedHerring

Still going with the distraction technique donny?

Somebody else committing crimes doesnt absolve you of yours
@realDonaldTrump Shouldn't you be playing golf?
She's not President...you are SUPPOSED to be but you have no idea how to do that do ya Donnie?  All you know how to do is Tweet.
@potus
If any American did what Don did that person would be in jail right now, and the flimsy excuses you are offering would not help.
You seem to be off your meds again. Ask someone what the word "fallacy" means and then try tweeting without one.
Clintons are not talking about obstruction.The FBI is. Congress is. No one is talking about the election you already stole.
no law against emails, dont put putin $ interest,in US steel, oil and coal above USA climate
Bookem Dono...
News flash! Hillary isnt the fuckin President! Quit deflecting
Distractions, distractions.  Playing to your base won't get you out of this.
stop fighting it..just resign.
get Hillary out of your stupid mind, she's done running for office.. face up to all the illegal things you  did to win
Another alternative fact?
Hillary Clinton is not president. You are!!! (Or did you forget....bigly?)
Just impeach clown @realDonaldTrump #TrumpJr  #Crook #TheResistance #Resist #DemForce #TrumpRussia
collusion and treasonous activities are total different things

Talking to the left is equivalent to talking to a rock, they don't GAF. They'll support ANYTHING HRC does, even murder . They're all zombies
Yea you dont hear any body fussing about hillary . you cant say there is no reason too prosecute her
You are balls-out orangello "in-f*cking-sane, reality-flunkie. Your show was "terrible, so very very terrible. Awful." d watch'g Ep.  

Ha my 74 year old grandma just said "Ive asked myself that same question... oh wait thats right its bc they are dumbacrats"
Whomever or whatever is running this witch hunt is the biggest liar and the most un-american act in history. Stop the madness Mr President
The voters that elected you have your back, all 60+ million. The news is out that you won the popular vote when you discount voter fraud.
WHY ARE YOU STILL TALKING ABOUT HILLARY AND OBAMA. WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU. MENTALLY UNSTABLE?????
When r u going to lock her up?
What r u waiting for Mr President? U were kind 2 H u have a .She has no care for you, family or us. Self serving, never humble, prosecute!
keep schlonging the Alcoholic Swamp Donkey, the Saxaphone Sex Criminal & Mr Ed-Hubbell!!! YOU DA MAYNE, DONNY, REEEEE!
Wah wah Hillary this, Obama that. Witch hunt. Waa wahh
What a baby.
We have a dumb baby as President.
Embarrassing.
You're fired!
Dear sir 
You must be a really stupid mean and sad person i have ever seen.
God protect  America and rest of the world from your stupidity
She was cleared, just like you said... you on the other hand have not been. Shut up donny. #impeach45
True
I know! Where's the outage over all of that?  NOWHERE! DISGUSTING!
Morning Joe is always picking on our President, sick of it.  Cant they ever say anything nice?
Thats why the shooting took place.
U have a hard on 4 @HillaryClinton just like @POTUS44. Jealousy is not an admirable trait. @FoxNews @maddow @CNN #waterboy
She gets away with everything – she'll get away with murder next… Oh wait, she got away with that too! #MAGA  #Hillary #Trump @PaulObrienUSA
Everyone knows Crooked Hillary & t African belong in Jail but so far t Deep State & Swamp Are Blocking t Obvious! Via our Constitution, America can’t have Bureaucrats Running t Security Forces Against t Legal Government of We t People. @realDonaldTrump @JudgeJeanine @seanhannity
Dear @realDonaldTrump You have the power to make the DOJ go after these criminals and bring them to justice. The time has come to put and end to the Obama and HRC illegal crime spree and in doing so we will #MAGA and guarantee 2020 because that is what the American people want!
Plus it was a fake investigation
And get away w it bc your DoJ and FBI let them. Kick some butt, take  heat, spend a few days on golf course. Time Magazine is 10 years out.
waaaaaaa!!!!! is that all you can do is cry like a 3 yr old when caught doing wrong???/
STOP with the US vs THEM crap. WE are ONE NATION, UNDIVIDED. Stop generating false anger and hate. You are the president. ACT LIKE ONE.
Obstruction of what? Misdemeanor violations of record retention?
Seriously, you tech illiterate yahoo?
And Heir Trump is?
He hasn't gotten his evil agenda through Congress. Not very sociable, which is what politics is about. #Loser
Trump & Co colluded w/Russians, obstructing justice, violating freedom of press, hate mongering,hiding in bushes & doesn't know whose on 1st
Lying is the new norn, praises dictatorship, jealous of Obama, 36% approval rating, emoluments, no taxes...But her emailsyeah right! Kookoo
You’re the POTUS, I don’t understand why you can’t push this issue. Obama did anything he wanted, anytime he wanted.

What is your point? A guy that wants sex from a girl. Not all men change gender. Some men are still men

This post was ABOUT hillary. Nobody brought her up later. She was the original target. Learn to read.

Oh! You're a member of the "I don't have a valid argument so I'll post a meme" group. How very cool for you.
And yes.  I saw you were from Texas so I thought you'd understand pictures ....
Im quite adept at reading. My master's degree in reading is testament to that. What's your degree?
Read this then and understand why we're focusing on trump
.Again, the ENTIRE post was about Hil. Some of us believe in the law. She broke the law. Is that a pic of your "degree" that I asked about?
Your Soviet whataboutism is droll. 4th grade bullies resort to, "But she did it, too!" to try to avoid the trouble they're in. Mature adults cringe; immature dropouts look in awe.
Wow did you read what was on Google news site... in fact they did hammer 2 of her phones during there investigation ,Only her aide did it for her the report said along with other negative facts ...And some others targeted for 8 yrs and evidence dissaears ...All Frds ?!
Lord knows I love you, Chief!!!!  You keep safe. 
Crooked trump is trying to be a dictator and threatening anyone not loyal to him. @POTUS will never be in the same league as ANY other president especially not @BarackObama Even US Grant was better and he was a drunkard that did shit.
I don’t think you should be following me. It might be bad for your brain.
Why? Are you a regimist? Do you demand fealty? Are you alt-right xenophobe?
I’ll let my followers answer that.
Figures. A diplomatic non answer
How long have you been following me?
Why does this matter? I am sensing a major insult coming...
Because if you’ve been following me for any length of time at all, you should know where I stand on the issues. Your questions make it appear you’ve never read a single tweet.
Lock her up is finally happening. Trump is always right. More winning coming up. Sucks to be a lib.
Welcome to H world
You make claims, yet you cite ZERO sources. I mean I have the yeti in a cage in my attic. You should believe me without me having to prove it, right?
Are you the fellow that wrote the AR 15 article to the Salt Lake City paper, if so ack cause I want to commend you
Let's not forget the house that burned also!
And had numerous people killed.
शुरू ईशवर के नाम से जो निहायत दयावान बेहद मेहरबान है भयंकर लड़ाई होगी संसार के देश दो  भाग में बट जायेंगें एक ईशवर को मानने वाला और दुसरा ईशवर को न मानने वाला ईशाई मेरे भाई हारने लगेंगें तब ईशवर ईशा मशीह को आकाश से उतारे गा वह दिन करीब है तब ईशा मशीह बतायेंगें मैं ईशवरीये दुत था
YES SHE IS A TRAITOR AND COMMITTED TREASON, A FEDERAL OFFENSE, BUT YET THE WALLS ARE COMING DOWN ON OUR GENERAL, WHY IS SHE EXEMPT OF THE LAW WE WANT ANSWERS.

FIRE SESSIONS!!
Put someone with some balls in there will ya, no more pussy hat wearing sissy boys who’s afraid of his own shadow.!!!! Clinton is NOT above the law! Fire the candy ass and get someone to go get her and all her goons!!
Go Get Her...Time 4 Clinton 2 get what is Due Them....
She’s dedicated her entire life to deception & crime. Nothing surprises me anymore. Ppl are immune to this seeing how she’s above the law.
Crooked H destroyed phones w/ hammer, 'bleached' emails, &amp; had husband meet w/AG days before she was cleared- &amp; ...
FRY HER FAT LYING CORRUPT ASS!!!
I know, she is typical corrupt politician, blame other side for exactly what she was doing.
As crooked as a dogs tether that's screwed into the ground!
Keep up the grrrrrrreat work Mr. President Trump. 
Man that sounds great to say

Well why the hell didn't you prosecute her?
And we all chanted lock her up so what is the problem lock her ass up!!
Do something about the crimes committed.  It's disheartening to see these obama criminals in YOUR administration. We want #MAGA. We're here
trump TREASON RACIST UNETHICAL MISGUIDED PREJUDICED trump. "Lock "HIM" Up, Lock "HIM" Up !!" This is accurate, now.
Mr Trump please don't extend DACA. We're counting on u to fulfill ur promises!!!!!!! MAGA
Help the Am ppl understand why state dept is slow rolling numerous docs? WE want #Justice!
We've had enough of your stupidity grow up
Hillary was cleared of her crimes you have not been. #impeach45 #impeach45 #impeach45 #impeach45 #impeach45 #impeach45 #impeach45
#LOCKHIMUP



