White Supremus in the White House! Not my president
White Supremacist in the White House! #NoMyPresident#
Yet you blamed the group she was a part of for her death because they were just as bad as the group that killed her? You're a joke Donald!
pudrete mal pario
Roy Moore is a good man. I am glad Mr. President, you are throwing him support. Luther Strange allowed his people to attack Moore's family
Vote @MooreSenate he is a noble man. Luther Strange is a Rhino  Puppet! @realDonaldTrump how could you endorse a rhino?!
More going on here than we know...hmmm. I honestly don't mind either one. I like Moore a bit more BUT, Trump has his reasons. Smart man.
Please back Roy Moore!
It's serious the Republicans are on their way out! It's hard to get the president out but not too hard #NotMyPresident#

Just to be absolutely clear,

The Republican Party has formally endorsed a candidate for Senate who believes the country was better off…
The Alabama Senate race is Strange and Moore. I'll say!
Did you give them the tufted pillows for their knees or did the GOP? That's a requirement right? #25thAmendmentNow
Roy Moore has proven he is the only True Patriot & Constitutionalist in this race.Strange is the clone of RINO McConnell & Crony Corps.
Moore brought IN the 10 commandments to AL capitol, then fought to keep them. No reason to bring in. Created drama/gave himself a platform..
Justice Roy Moore has always defended & honored our Constitution.Not an opportunity seeking come lately like Strange.
Barf
Congratulation to Roy Moore and Luther Strange for being the final two and heading into a September runoff in Alabama. E...
Congrats to twitter for trending #impeachTrump #1
You must hate this...
Roy Moore I feel like is the best of the two. he has stood up for religious freedoms in Alabama for a long time.
P.Trump.Please support Judge Moore who is the man for this particular position.We need a Godly man in the U.S. Senate.
My God, can't you spell or write correctly? It's CONGRATULATIONS WITH AN S AT THE END!!!
Please endorse Moore over the swampman! 
It's not a race. It's an election. Don't treat it as a child's game.
U know that's really cool that our president of the U.S.A keeps up with the race ( way to go Mr.President  Trump)!!!
@dccc @GOP Not worth the effort to reply.
@POTUS Pls get to know Roy Moore he  supports you&your agenda he cant be bought by the SWAMP=He is a Man of God no doubt abt it @Paula_White
Paul said you like to tickle the ear. He was correct.

I think you mean 'exciting racism.'
#DonaldTrump is doing great damage to voters. Towns, cities and  states throughout the U.S. are being hurt - many rights being lost!
It was all you Don. Just you.  They couldn't do it without you.  You are the one.  

Ohhhh what will grand finale be ... "resign "
@Bwdreyer 
Trumputin  would like a lawbreakers ticket of Moore and Arpaio?
Mr. President, Get behind Roy Moore or you will lose in Alabama..
I want to fart  here
Both great candidates!
My vote is for MOORE!
like a child who has no friends running around trying to find some.
A very scary race, neither should be elected to office.
SUPPORT JUDGE ROY MOORE FOR #ALSEN BECAUSE MOORE SUPPORTS ABOLISHING THE SENATE FILIBUSTER TO MOVE YOUR AGENDA FORWARD. McConnell Betrayed
#ImpeachTrump
Love my president.I pray for you and your family .So glad we have you in the WH.Democrats want to turn the US into a communist country
Let's hope Roy Moore wins!

He probably went to Burger King after eating Mueller's never ending stream of #NothingBurgers http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/special-counsels-russia-probe-loses-top-fbi-investigator/story?id=49249486 …
More Nazis for your stable?
Aka I'm not sure how democracy works but I'm told this is good

Crook.
What color is your fake skin and hair this week.
Lets talk about race and diversity.
International Money Laundering is a Sin, a Felony, an Impeachable Offense and your strongest suit. #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow
Dignity, grace, compassion and humility. Just a few traits that we should expect a President to possess which you do not. #ImpeachTrump
Which is better;
A person removed from office Twice for breaking the law 
Or
Someone promoted to squash an investigation 
Bet you want both!
Don't vote for either of those people if your smart
Well, your spelling shows YOU'RE not smart.
More MOORE
More MOORE
More MOORE
More MOORE
Your losing control of your mind. And I don't feel sorry!
Going to switch to Moore now? Trump can't be seen with losers, he has the winning gene! Even if that means lying and switching sides.
If PORUS fire everyone then he will do the job by himself
#impeachtrumpnow Resign and go back to Queens, better yet go back to Russia. @notmypresident

America won't let anymore Democrats win as long as they fight you & #AmericaFirst. #MAGA
Luther has  @SenateMajLdr dirty money. @MooreSenate will support our @POTUS 
VOTE MOORE #LUTHERISSTRANGE McConnnell/Ryan step down!! @GOP

Congrats on the end of your agenda. Luther Strange will vote against you. Guess YOU FAILED
#NeoNazi: Like father like son.
@GOP Don't understand your endorsement of RINO and McConnell tool Luther Strange. We need more conservative Senators!
Should have been Moore and Brooks but Mitch's bitch got your "support" - HE will turn on U like the rest of them.  Fool's candidate
Alabama voters please do not vote in McConnell lap dog. You're smarter than that.
Congrats to Donald Trump for being a Nazi Sympathizer. #ImpeachDonaldTrumpNow
With any luck you will be out of office by then and we won't have to deal with anymore annoying tweets like this.  #racistpresident
There is one other person left in that race too DUH !! smdh
Should have backed M.Brooks,the real conservative in the race!Strange is just a useful fool for McConnell Who's targeting  conservatives
Remember this guy? I guess your endorsement is as worthless as your next to be bankrupt business: Vote for Luther Strange, he will be great!
Judge Roy Moore is the true conservative, not part of the elites in DC. Loves the USA, constitution,  & God. Stay strong potus, we love you!
Speak for urself
I speak for myself and the many Trump supporters! Your in Spain so you should mind your own business. USA 
