And #Trump with his deplorable fascist, colluding, gold digging cronies are simply unpopular and un American  #RussiaGate #TheResistance
Thank you Wisconsin! Tuesday was a great success for #WorkforceWeek at @WCTC w/ @IvankaTrump &amp; @GovWalker. Remarks… ...
Your success is fake news. You must be bad (or sick) guy. Sad!
你妹
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJ1PDsD26zyK4FD6NeBtoK6SXUz09y94FTOv00/ …
been talking about, labour jobs? WTF, those are low paying jobs, and ones that employee iilegal immagrants. Wow, thank you for a fantastic
Well done Trump
K looks forward to one reply Frm you or ur secretary or Ivan's Trump please. Don't b like midi Indian PM
Many pharmaceuticals joints doctors and hospitals  and big techs in USA are minting easy money. Keep check on them please
What a terrible waste of paper and sanitary papers in USA indirectly of jungles this results in tycoons famines Ervin usa
Sir please have railway net work like china and promote mass transportation in USA for betterment of USA. Ur Amtrak is slow and dam slow
K says K knows Modi for last 30 long years and you will b meeting him for the first time. I afraid he may spoil America where my sisters r
K says last but the least that the speed of the brain of K is faster than the speed of your brain sir. U r welcome to me for any suggestions
K says that his two doters are US citizen s. These doters love ur doter sir
K told Modi to talk less and too the point but modiji doesn't listen and he keeps talking and travelling and travelling. What to do sir????
K says today one Indian takes jobs of three Americans because Indian works for 18 hrs like people in China. Then unemployed American can??
K says that midi has ducked blood from 100 crores common and honest men in India so imagine he can do anything to u also. U r human only
Modi  has. Sucked blood
K says this Modi if you allow him an inch he will take ell. It is better you don't allow him to enter on the land of America. Modi is magic
K says Indians have done more damage to America by illegal entry thru tourist visa farmers rout then Mexico rout then they avoid taxes etc
K says you focus on use American. Products and jobs  for Americans. Today Indians enjoying and misusing social security in USA thru fraud
K says poor note that modi is not straight like you.  Modi talks something and does other things. With the help of China he will upset u
K says Donald OK note that modi is the most  intelligent person and he may fool you as he has fooled 100 crores common and honest in india
GOD 4 d #HolySpirit!! I mean when I was actively n d field of politics n d early '90's I saw how it does. So I know how 2 handle #politics
show is on & Brooke's a part of my NON-POLIITICAL solution d #HolySpirit has given me!! What I'm seeing U experience n ts politics? I thank
U stole ts #rustbelt state from Hillary & she now looking 2 Russia 2 bail her out why she lost ts "gimmie" state? Now my #BrookemyAngel's
It's amaizing
Awsome
President Trump wants jobs for Americans. The Left wants Americans on welfare to increase their dependence on them.
WRONG! @CNN @ABC @CBC @nbc @BBC @marcorubio @nytimes @washingtonpost @LAHT @latimes @LVidegaray @mauriciomacri @EmmanuelMacron @Univision

you know who is from Wisconsin? Arnold Palmer....not really but I made you look didn't I?
Now U need 2 get rid of Shulkin & Jared. They're  Making Veterans Admin Worse. I U will take away Vets Benefits.Vets suicide will go up.
Are those coal mining jobs among them?
Good Jobs
Good showing
Did they let you milk a cow and churn for cheese?
He cares about blue collar workers unlike Dems.
Countries are sending their ppl 2 college here for those high paid jobs, we must give Americans ability to learn to take these jobs instead
We love seeing and hearing about all the wonderful things you are doing- especially since we NEVER see anything good on the propaganda media
I'll be sending my son to trade school, big college=no free speech=no thank you! We support you, Mr. President!
#wisconsindeplorable
You do drink huh! A sober person does not Tweet this shit!
Your tweets inspire people that anything is possible. We thank you Mr. President.
JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!
the First Lady Ivanka is doing a fantastic job hows your daughters work going on Internet bullying
pathetic still running commercials who paid ? saving America millions !
I thought you were going to London?
ANY jobs in Wisconsin yet?
I love what you are doing for manufacturing, Mr President.
You are a truthful man. Thank-you Mr President

You are all welcome to visit my great state of Wisconsin anytime. Thanks for all that you've done and still doing. President Trump! #MAGA

Outstanding promotion. Excellent.
It's time to lock him up!!!  Trump is a lair
This is a very good thing. Majority of Americans are not meant for college & trade schools offer good jobs & strong economy.
Wisconsin loved it better when you left
Please President Trump come to Oklahoma and say hi to a GM auto worker who's plant was outsourced to Mexico it ruined many lives God bless
Nice
Oh look it's the 1st lady, Iskanka.
Have you checked how Wisconsin is really doing in terms of job growth? Not so hot in actuality.
Resign
I love Ivanka she is so awesome she takes a whole lot of guff from the dems and libs but she just keeps on going.
My god, you go to the most remote and forgettable places to shake hands with a few clueless people. The American people are watching you
Thanks for leaving Wisconsin--- please don't come back
Trump is a joker.
This is a very good idea!
Awesome
This video has more shitty edits then a pop music video
Muddy  b bbb

Oh god. This trash was in my state?  Can you smell the impeachment?
Investigate Lynch 
Trump can you show me trip down the stairs
You aren't campaigning any more.  Your base us eroding.  Sorry but that is real news.

@HillaryClinton Wisconsin
parece un comercial hecho en México por el PRI
Can you accept my minecraft request
Jobs of the future that are manual labor-haha. Jobs of the future involve robotic, 3D printing, automation. They are non-human, as are you.
Nothing good will happen in vocational education until u fire Mulvaney who cut education in his budgets especially work training (40% cut)!
35% IMPORT TAX = RETURN OUR MISSING 70,000 factories
Carrier, Ford, GM, GE ... all cutting jobs.  And Flint still can't drink their water.  Trump has record profits at the golf clubs he visits.
Great video. Loved it
@Kittenbritches  hey they suspended me
Happy Fathers Day
Good that The President of USA Donald Trump visits the industry firms and talks to workers, Thanks
Try visiting a liberal state next.
土豪我们做朋友？
Let's end this bull shit charade.  The ice is getting thinner, Bob Mueller is bringing the heat.
You have done nothing but send jobs to Russia.  WTF.  Go away so the rest of us can get back to work.
Exactly what did you do to help?
zaima
Keep calm and let President Trump handle it.
No one on your security team or entourage told you about the Russians a few floor below?? So that means you didn't care, or were in on it.
Why would he care?
Because it's illegal. So he didn't care about a Russian mob but has no ties? Really? A blind man can see that.
Having Russians in the same building is illegal?
The gambling ring is. He knew about it and let it happen. Glad you like that our President likes Russians more than he likes you.
You're claiming Trump knew what the FBI didn't without collusion. Get real. I don't need his like or yours. Both tools.
Too bad you're not. Be a man and admit your ties to Russia. Alienate our closest allies. Can't wait to hear the words "You're Fired".
Job week? Well you ended jobs for Americans in Cuba and ended jobs for Cubans trying to get ahead. You're one mean man. MEAN.
Who's paying for these massive Blow Heart PR Videos?
Gross
This OBAMA's legacy....not yours!
Why is your girlfriend/daughter getting involved? NEPOTISM. The guy you shook hands with started his apprenticeship under OBAMA, not you?!
Thank YOU President Trump for your work for us all. America will be great again no matter how naysayers protest.
Even they will benefit from a stronger more successful USA.
I bet you enjoyed wasting taxpayer money on that useless trip
Very very very nice
Jobs, Jobs, Jobs
This is where you shine: jobs, manufacturering, rebuilding America and prosperity back to USA #fed rates increasing 
The only things that seem to be a success are your lies. You are good at that. Everything has 1 thing. #LiarInChief #liar #FakeNewsMedia
Some day I  hope to meet you in person.  I was at the Janesville rally, outside,in my wheelchair. One of your die-hard supporters  from Wis.
It wasn't a great week for the 300 GE employees that lost their jobs and have to figure out how to financially survive in Waukesha.
