.@realDonaldTrump
1/
More embarrassing as catch up: NATO literally laughed at you,. Speech, thread clarify why.
2/
Thread from Ivo re: sad, substantive parts:
https://twitter.com/ivohdaalder/status/867797082307936256 …
Pic of NATO laughing at you:
3/
Speech helped destroy all we've sacrificed to gain since WW2:
"Trump scolds world leaders at NATO ceremony"
4/
Another view of your NATO HQ destructive speech:
https://youtu.be/4glfwiMXgwQ  via @YouTube
Why do you think we aren't on to you??? Treasonous Traitor
Most Americans had low expectations on your first trip abroad and you did not disappoint. Mr. President you are an embarrassment #RESIGN

Seriously?   Why are we hearing France, Germany, and England no longer trust you.  Fake news?
We're all angry, you tiny handed orange twassock. The US media endangered UK citizens and hampered investigations #Putinscockholster
You are a fucking security nightmare, you should not even be given the code to the candy locker !!!
Need to SERIOUSLY investigate and prosecute the traitor who is doing the leaking
Not angrier than Israel. 
Mr. President did you not hear about the hate crime in Portland?  That's a topic you should tweet about!
Most U.S. Citizens are very angry that you continue to leak info to dictators/enemies. You are not king. No one is above the law.
She was talking to the leaker...u
Dude, this directly implies that YOU are the leaker
Fire the leakers

So what did you leak now to appease her? Did Israelis give you more info you could share?
PLEASE PROSECUTE THE NYT FOR PUBLISHING LEAKED PHOTOS. They are ruining this country.
Jeez, you're as thick as pigshit.  Pushed didn't give you permission to pass it on to.
Time to clean house sir, there are snakes in your garden.

There is a way to quickly end leaks.  Immediately instruct all of IC community to STOP SHARING INTELLIGENCE WITH YOU & YOUR STAFF. #LifeHack
And now it begins
People get mad when about to be exposed...
You should see how mad she is today. Helped by your comments she lost her majority and will be forced to resign  everything you touch fails
Please seek professional help,  therapy,  all the therapy.  You need a mental health evaluation.
The leak is from your admin and you're too lame and impotent to plug it so you blame it on others. You're so pathetic it's embarrassing.
Great Donny.......why don't you leak a little more information??
YOU WISH! YOU CAN'T EVEN KEEP A SECRET. YOUR SO SAD. I STILL CAN'T BELIEVE YOU ARE THE president. SO SAD. JUST TRY TO KEEP IT TOGETHER. WOW
Did you tell the Russians that info too?
why the fuck wouldn't he be? I feel like you want to be an evil backroom guy, but lack the proper finesse.
You don't care. Abandon the liberal democratic societies because you love dictators. Shame America. 300 years of tradition gone in smoke
You're the leaker,  President Soggybottom.
You need to finish draining the swamp. Obama holdovers and those positions deeply embedded in your Gov. These leakers are detrimental to US
Most likely it was you who leaked the information...as usual!
Must be the only time a foreign leader in the west told you anything

Spend more time examining the problem and less time trying to find who told that there was a problem,&maybe we will hate you less.Your JOB
CLUE @realDonaldTrump It was you or a member of your staff that LEAKED the information.  When will you realize the BUCK STOPS WITH YOU?
So you could leak that as well! Wonder what those details were?
jail and rape are on your horizon
Let,President Trump, do what he has TOO!!!
I doubt she trusted you with any real intelligence info, knowing you can't keep your mouth shut!
Snowflake,  we need to Flexseal your lying mouth.
you're most likely the leaker
No Donald. You leaked that information as you always do to gain notoriety. You are a thrill seeker and liar. You are not our president. Liar
So she gave info directly to the leaker.
  
British Prime Minister May was very angry that the info the U.K. gave to U.S. about Manchester was leaked. Gave me full details!
I found a leak.  This tweet!
Which you then gave to your friend Putin.
Glad your safely back and in charge!
If you want to find the leaker, look very carefully at the image below.
Imagine giving you Full Details! Amazing! Your best buddy, jeez!!!!!
Did she point her finger in your direction comrade trump? Hows jared doing? Hahaha #FAKEPOTUS
She was reprimanding you, goofball. Loose lips sink ships.
So, when will you LEAK those details?
Yes. Let's add more dollars to healthcare ... Yours is the Memento presidency.
So you can directly report to Russian ambassador?
How was your visit to Kensington Palace?  Oh yeah, that was President Obama! Someone they can trust, unlike you! Give more info to Russians!
You are the leaker in chief!
A good source has told me FBI is ready to indict Hillary Clinton for treason.
And now you leak a private conversation. #imbecile
Lock the leakers up! Same with the reporters who leaked classified intel! Hurry up!! This is absolutely ridiculous!
Hopefully she had the right color forms and small words
No doubt the leaker moonlights as a pathetic anti-Trump twitter spambully paid by Soros groups.
And how much does it say about the #POPE, and how he looking. Yep, just like all the #REST o us, POPES have 2 answ 2 a HIGHER #POWER too!
It's a SHAME the #DISRESPECT ur @POTUS  get. He is the #PRES, like or not.The #ONZ who disrespects Him r who makes our USA Look  #PITIFUL!
It's probably the same guy who disclose the Israeli data about terrorists, and the position of our subs near NK.
learn to keep your mouth shut then #LeakerInChief
Let's see, she told you and you told who? Because obviously you had the information and lost it.
Donald Trump is Putin's Puppet & the Trump family are all Traitors & should be put in prison. The American people will rise up & take action
This NEVER Happened to @BarackObama Did you see how he was welcomed in Germany?? He's a rock star. They protested you in Brussels. He wins.
Is it honestly to much to ask that #POTUS, #Congress, and all #USCabinet members be above reproach? They should all be held to the highest ethical standards and punished accordingly if they are not!
British Prime Minister May was very angry that the info the U.K. gave to U.S. about Manchester was leaked. Gave me full ...
Good, you need the full details, and we all do too. Oh well, May, pull up your big girl panties and get with the program.
She's not very bright if she gave you details. You leak like a sieve.
WTF
real news is someone FINALLY told you to button your jacket since you don't know how to look professional on your own!
Yep. It is you that is the "leaker" sooo?
it's literally like you're boasting for having gotten in trouble at school or something "and teacher gave me detention!!!"
Just resign already. Howard Stern was right...why would you sacrifice your great previous life??
Hmmmmm I though you were a big fan of leaks ....
So, YOU leaked them?
Dick! You've absolutely zero common sense!. But then you're a dictator so nothing applies does it?  U don't share info like that.
He should be upset that lots of tweets are so self centered My family strong military ties own husband 100 % TP combat disabled vet
You dope - how about you have a call placed to May instead of tweeting "Give me full details" You are so ridiculous.
stupet
Cool, love that
Holly, a veteran
Full details like how you sound like an old man on coke or details on how you got your hair
This is your idea of a secure means of communications? This is how you talk to an ally about sensitive topics? Poppycock!
they don't like you period I hope you never get a ban back you don't know what you are doing anyway.
What the US needs desperately is a BLOTUS BAN! We the People want U OUT!  #bravokathygriffin
Please find the leakers and fire them! ENOUGH with the sabotage!
If America keeps this up, we won't have any European friends.  Lord, help us!!!
Idiot
relieved to know the rest of the UN thinks your a farce! keep playing make believe you do a beautiful job making an ass out of yourself!
and you probably told Russia
U gave the intel to Putin, remember.
Well at least he is not calling it Fake news....
Why do you have more leaks than the other administrations? Could it be ppl you put in who are leaking?
Have the spray tan fumes addled your brain?  YOU were the leaker, you twit!  You can't keep your yap shut for 5 solid minutes!
And you leaked the too!!!!!
I believe one of the greatest "TRUST" in any Leadership is "CONFIDENTIALITY" at every level n in every form: If we loose that; we lose all
You leaked it, bitchboy.
Vlad says the leaks are from the WH room with no corners.
you have carrot skin and your hair is a mop RT pls

You leaked it!!!
Make America POLLUTED again!
You are the leaker!!!!
FU Donald Trump! You're such a bloody man-baby that you block American citizens that you're SUPPOSED to care about, like her... 
Clean the swamp in executive branch.
Hey adolf, "she" is gonna take you down.
These leaks need to stop and you need to start firing people and putting them in jail where they belong. Treasonous.
T. May is no M. Thatcher. May was Home Secretary, allowed radical islamic terrorist to fight with ISIS and then return to UK.
gave you the full details which you then leaked. Liarinchief
You made a good decision!  We love our POTUS
Ok.
Sounds like something John Miller would do. #johnmiller
Any more American Servicemen you'd like to endanger with your foolish releasing of TOP SECRET information?
YOU LEAKED IT  What a total and complete fool.  Any other TOP SECRET and Highly CLASSIFIED information you'd like to give the Russians?
I hope no one gives U full details as U are a traitor
YOU LEAKED IT
You couldn't run a bake sale!The reason for all the "leaks" is that even those that work for you don't respect you &want you to face the 
Put the leaker in jail! Investigate & get these Leakers  they're trying to destroy the USA from inside the White House it's disgusting
You leaked information to 2 foreign countries. Be the example or be a hypocrite.
Wow, she must really like you? Or did she scold you?
And you think she didn't mean you?  Honestly as you that ignorant?
Britishprimecuckonion
She's angry with YOU, you pathetic, orange buffoon 
Isn't this a leak?
https://youtu.be/SJz-N7JaDuk 
