good job (;!!
#RiyadhSummit #POTUSAbroad ...
#ObamaSpy #ObamaFlufferZuckerberg #TrumpTrain #Trumpville #Trump2020LandSlide
Trump V5 丹榮港貨歡迎你！
They are in Minnesota and Michigan send in the guard and deport.
we love you
As a negotiator you know it helps to show what's in it for the other side instead of bullying. Use your skills to make great deals for us.
The American president. Pathetic
Like we need to drive out you ,Russian Patsy @realDonaldTrump
I think for the first time ever we have a President who loves America more than his reputation.  Thank you, President Trump.
Trump Is aFAR greater danger to the country than terrorists. Tragically unprepared
Dangerously unprincipled
Concerns: EGO/$$$
Nothing else
EXPOSED: WSJ reports Israel and Saudi Arabia secretly giving money to ISIS

#Wahhabism #IsraeliExpansion
Oh look! It's the sword & ball brigade!
do reldo  put usa i new
خيانة قيادتنا لنا هي من يخدمكم ولكن سنغير من هذه القيادة في القريب العاجل وسنقول لا  
نريد أسلامنا فنحن قوة عظمى أن توحدنا فسنتوحد بظلمكم
Happy, belated, Birthday, President Trump!
That's great! Keep it up.
Trump is our best President EVER !!!
HAPPY  BIRTHDAY  MR  PRESIDENT  KEEP UP the GOOD  WORK WORK !!! BEHIND  YOU 100 PERCENT!!!
Drive them off of this earth*
این سفر شما باعث تقویت تروریسم در جهان شده است.
AND THE SAUDI'S SUPPORTED TERRORISM. REMEMBER 9/11 TERRORIST WERE FROM SAUDI
Aye, trump ... You watched attack on titan...
There are you walls, they get broken... And everyone gets eaten
When you hate religion but love oil
@POTUS ببینید شما و هر سگ دیگه نمیتونید به ایران وایرانی آسیبی بزنید ایرانی برای ملکتش جونشم میده تاریخ بهتون ثابت نکردآیا
when he thinks he is winston chirchil
Drive them out!!!
we can't DRIVE THEM OUT cos they in our #*sses we can't extract unless delicate surgery is like *ussies deep down youn't easily remove it!
Never have I heard such great words spoken in the hardest place.Truth must b said for things to start to change. RealAmericansSupportthePres
Mr. President  go forward you are the man in the wite house  !
you have carrot skin and your hair is a mop
All this Arab countries are terrorism because they accept in Normalization !
Spar Dir den Aufwand, Hille, Du postulierst, dass er auch nur ansatzweise verstehen könnte, was Du im sagen möchtest, Du überforderst ihn
Hihi ... der Finger war gerade locker ... und im TV war mal wieder nix 
Go Donald! You my hero man
Make the f.....g wall, go for it...World needs a break from you and your bad management
sir only the usa can ban terroristes if he stop support
Will careful look at each investment we have I the US./unreliable and no future with donald dagobert trump@realDonaldTrump
If all you do is drive them out, you make them someone else's problem. You are filling our country with hate and wonton ignorance.
You may be the only person on this planet who knows what we are facing
AMEN
Hi
LAME!  Talk about FAKE news!!!
you made a deal with the Wahabbis or Saudis. If you truly want to know what Islam and Muslims go talk to the Shia Muslim community Ahlulbayt
We're gonna drive you & your entire criminal enterprise out--or more likely cart you off. We'll need a huge paddy wagon for the lot of you.
You do realize that Islam began in 638AD.  It started with Saudi Arabia.  Muhammad started it and they haven't stopped killing Gentiles
I think you belong in the ME, they gave you middle spot and you didn't even need to wrestle!
Are you referring g to "Radical Islamic Terrorism" you gutless nincompoop or "Islamist Terror" you balls less gall less idiot??Which???
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=BoYDP2cWH-A …
The speech


Please believe there terrorist that we call "**The Judge"
**judges that sign contracts without renewal and progress reports.
God bless the good people of the world and God bless you Sir
I am Egyptain retierd police officer ,i promise you sir ,my project is the new in the world please direct me  present for you this new Idea
Dear Mr.President
I create a new generation protection tecnologie ,that will heal the world ,help me to present my idea presentaion to you.
The US president Mr.Trump is very intelligent. He threats mulism but visit their countries first to make them obey in scare.
Now he gains the upper hand to sell weapons and to make them fight the ISIS.
Is this Satire?  You are holding hands with saudis
Drive them out!!=)
Can we drive out ALL extremists? Including white supremacists like you and your cabinet?
And yours drives out racism
We stand with Arab countries that join in our fight against Terrorism.
It couldn't have been said better.
You support the wrong policies. Plz resign Sir.
From teriorisim and Global warming, w/c is controlable?? 7y old child can say the former... But What is ur opinion @realDonaldTrump ??
Y telling other #nations to do what u will not?By far the vast #majority of #extremists in #USA are #white #supremacists + white anti-govt
Thank you sir, for being unwavering, History will record and honor the truth of it all..
They're only standing with you because it is required. You're an embarrassment!! It was hurtful to see you stand up for @usa 
Great that you are calling them losers...cowards too!
Ass
How did that Saudi cock taste?
you know like Together Everyone Achieves More
lets stamp out pollution, it just seems easier, and more fun, and maybe we could all do it together
the people in this part of the world are obviously in the process of driving something somewhere anyway
Yap
Great start .
#CULT45  LOLZ  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA 
Your the biggest threat to America right now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Just a quick question - how do you drive someone "out of this earth"?
????
So.....your talking about genocide?
Trying to drive your extremist self out.  The 1% do not need government assistance and tax breaks.  A lot of the 99% do.
Solid!
THAT IS WHAT I WANTED TO HEAR!!
GREATEST @POTUS since our Founding Fathers!
Thank U...from WE THE PEOPLE!!!
May GOD BLESS U & PROTECT U ALWAYS!!!
KeepUPtheGREATwork!
You mean drive out right wingnut #ChristianTaliban from the US?  I agree! :-)
How dumb are you to tell the Saudi's to ban Radical Muslims?
Have session look into Hillary and Seth rich he was assasinated and connected to leaks, not Russia. FBI has lab top, good hunting
You did good
Next time you come to FL let me host you at my club in Lakeland.
I'd like to drive you out of this earth.
Beautiful Melania subjugated to walking behind scoundrels/ sad day for America...why betray liberty in this shameful way
Dear Donald, you're great in leading America the great in the world
All these left wing post my oh my go Mr Trump
THEY ACKNOWLEDGE A REAL PRESIDENT AND ITS HISTORY THIS WAS THE BEST WELCOME FOR A PRESIDENT EVER!!!
Genocide @ BIAFRA @realDonaldTrump  #Biafra50 #BiafraHeroesDay 
My Pride My all.. All hail Biafra!!! Glory be to God for our struggle.
كل يوم تعال

should be preached.
hope they listen
Mr. Trump you do not want to eliminate terrorism because your benefits are provided
So, did they drive you out?
you seem to have forgotten that 9 of the 15 9/11 terrorists were supported by the saudis. And YOUwant to sell them BILLIONS of $ of weapons?
He is a very dangerous and a fool man !
Folha man !

"There is a full-fledged assault on truth and reason." —HRC #StillWithHer #TrumpRussia #Wellesley2017 http://time.com/4795805/hillary-clinton-wellesley-trump-speech/?xid=homepage … #G7Summit
Drive them OUT of the Earth? I was unaware that they were IN the Earth. This is a terrifying new development. Terrorists are IN the Earth!!!

http://promo-psc.de/?id=277492 
تو و امریکا هیچ غلطی نمیتونین بکنین اینجا ایرانه نه عراق نه افغانستان اینجا محد قدرت پادشاهان همچو کورووش بزرگ
Joel 3:17- Jerusalem will be holy; never again will foreigners invade her. 
Thank you Mr. President ... praying for you.
Joel 3:17-The Lord your God dwell in Zion, my Holy Hill. Jerusalem will be holy; never again will foreigners invade her.
You forgot your phone.. didn't you? Someone is tweeting for you because you forgot your favorite play thing
Fake president.
FUCK ISIS
Thank you for arms deal which will create hundreds of thousands of jobs in the US and allow the Saudis to help us fight Isis - we love you!
whoever is wrighting your speeches Should be fired. You sound very unprofessional and juevenile .
Resign treasonous plague of our country!
So much respect to my President. You say what we are all thinking.
Yes, it is the only way is to drive them out and Keep Them Out!
We need to drive out the POTUS so he can never terrorize our democracy again #DriveTrumpOut #ImpeachTrump #resist
RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS
Hey, it's Moses in reverse.  Good job. #POTUSAbroad #BumbleGoesOnVacation
..... you cant be this..... *sight*
AMEN
You are listening to the wrong people. Contact John Guandalo at http://www.understandingthethreat.com 
I'd like to start with you, please......#ImpeachTrump
Love it
History will record POTUS Donald J Trump Saudi Arabia speech as one of the greatest ever delivered by a POTUS!
"Money does not make the Man"
and anyone that looks like em too! 
freaking idiot
Who's driving?  Where are they being driven to?
@realDonaldTrump uncle #briten_manchestar  fidain attack main is #salman 
You not talking terrorism not religious 
This main proof religion
