Have you seen what he said about you before?
And saramucci said it after trump announced he was running! Trying to cover the sun w/one finger or thinking we are dumb!
So, you lie to yourself as well as the world?
Bullshit. He was shit talking you after your embarrassing campaign announcement. Your poor, fragile ego. 
Anthony Scaramucci assessment on you on @FoxNews was accurate.
 is that what he told you? And you believe him? 
Did this bring you comfort? Did it soothe that stinging burn left from the Scaramucci Tweets calling you a hack/bully?  #lieswetellourselves
Bwahahaha yeah right LMAO. Is that really your spin? Didn't mean it, Crowd size, etc,etc
This one is really funny!
It's OK for Scaramucci to Change his Mind. Normal people do it all the Time. It's OK! He has been Forgiven and Is NOW serving Penance !
People who never change their minds never grow!
And that is a Fact!
But then you made him your Minister of Propaganda. He reminds me of somebody. #resist #TheResistance @funder
Oh pass the bread! Here comes the baloney!
In all fairness he nailed u. He called u a demagogue & a bully. Now, for his own political goals, he has joined ur "team." (Sinking ship)
Not how he tells it but your truth and the truth never match up.
@Scaramucci had it right when he called you a political hack.
"Now that I need him, I'm going to pretend that Anthony Scaramucci has liked me all along. He definitely didn't think I was a joke"

Oh another lie. Since you have taken office 95% of what comes out of your mouth is lies. You cannot tell the truth because you are in deep.
Lol! Two lying peas in a pod!
MAYBE ANTHONY WILL BE JOINING THE FAMILY IN ORANGE UNIFORMS IN THE SLAMMER SOON TOO!
No one cares Don.
morning!
Hey babe
No he actually made fun of you first! #learnthefactsidiot
This is so delusional it can't even be described
The world wishes you had kept running
Ew. Scaramucci looks like a real life movie villain. Congrats.
...All your deleted tweets showed up on AOL, suspect Scaramucci's will, too.
Actually haven't heard him say that. But he seemed to be clear about not being happy with your policies, etc...in deleted tweets for one. ..
Hey @realDonaldTrump! Do fairy stories make you feel better at night? Is that how you stand all the winning?

Or is it all the golf?
In all fairness to Anthony Scaramucci, he wanted to endorse me 1st, before the Republican Primaries started, but didn't think I was running!
Bullshit!  Scaramucci was a late Trump adopter.  He insulted you. Sessions was there from jump street.  Trying to rewrite history?
He is mad at Sessions' help to win. "If it wasn't for you Jeff I would still be on Apprentice and happy"
Trump is now making up his own fake news 
Scaramucci did not want to endorse you. If he had not been motivated by soulless ambition he would still have his family & some integrity.
NARCASSISTIC IDIOT
Of course he did. No really. I Believe You.
This is an actual lie.
Haha, good one, HACK POLITICIAN.  You have the greatest revisionist history!  (P.S.  revisionist means fake news, sad man)
In all fairness to Anthony Scaramucci he called you a hack. In case you didn't know. Good luck w/him he's already being torn apart online
@realDonaldTrump @Scaramucci is only in the White House to protect the investment Russian banks and Wall Street have in control over you.
you have the smallest penis
Did you know that CASINO DEALERS Depend on TOURIST DOLLARS (tips) to earn a living. ??#STARTACAMPAIGN!
It's so funny how poorly your tweets age, Trump!
so sad only 9 days to objectify your drain the swamp hypothetical theory
And today he is gone, good pick Mr Pres
"In all fairness to Anthony Scaramucci" you're FIRED!  #PatheticPOTUS is a weak judge of character!
y does this mans child go to my high school
So you're saying he wanted to endorse you but ended up endorsing Hilary?
Well at least we can now say that there are two egotistical megalomaniacs in the White House now! #MAGA #impeach
I wish I could post what he said about you when you were running. It wasn't nice. https://youtu.be/B2RXq9gkccg 
Mob bosses are not fair you narsaistic pompous orange idiot!
The delusional twins.
He fits right in, who cares what Mafia it is?!?!
He called you a hack, among other unkind names, but sure.
...things narcissists believe of sycophants..
What he actually said was that you'd be shit as a President.  Got to admire his judgement of character :-)
You're joking right?  He called you a hack politician.   Probably the most accurate statement he's ever made.
whatever makes you feel better, you go ahead and think that.  The rest of us know the truth.
In all fairness, you're full of shit and he is a conman, too.  Sounds like you're made for each other.#DumpTrump
Wow, his comments about Huckabee's hair and makeup shows that you  and him are two peas in a pod.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZRnzQzAbp0 …
He's a tool. Another wealthy  sycophant you hired to praise you.
No he didn't. He hated you. Have you read his deleted tweets? We all have. Money money money
Is that what he told you?
Whatever you must make up in your very shallow mind #45
@Scaramucci please. He was an enemy and you are desperate. NO one wants to work for sinking administration @POTUS #loser
Thats why he knows very well;as he informed on the op-ed
He wanted to endorse U?  My God!!! U are showing with each tweet how senile u are
Why to you even feel compelled to lie about this?  You are the most insecure person that ever held a public office.  So weird and so sick.
ترامپ  گونده  گوزی  نکن
@Scaramucci will have your back SIR, WE LOVE HIM TO, NOT part of the DEEP STATE. WILL HELP CLEAN WH.
I remember Anthony. He was another one of your great pics. Everyone you appoint always seems to be the last person we need in that position
In all fairness to Anthony Scaramucci, he wanted to endorse me 1st, before the Republican Primaries started, but didn't ...
Run the ofice get your behind off tweet
bullshit! He is on film calling you a light weight (among other things...) that doesn't sound like endorsement!!! Lol! 
And you fired him...feeling guilty?
Great .. It is a good quality to be fair .. question ? Is he ? A total embarrassment to your administration that displays dignity and class.
I'm guessing you watched Colbert last night?
Why did you throw Moochilini under the bus, Twitler?
Trump takes "low rated" into uncharted territory!   32% and falling = lowest rates US Prez ever!
Scaramucci,, Scaramucci,, will you do the Fandango?
You shouldn't have. You are going DOWN
I think it would help if you got to more important issues, sick of hearing you gloat...
You are a very sick person. Have you ever once thought of anyone other than yourself? Are you capable of that? Please get help. You need it.
Fastest job Burn out so far
Not any more

Watched him all the time on Fox & loved hearing him support you & your agenda these past few months, sad to see him go, but right decision.
Really.  Oh really?
And then I let him go after 10 days? Hr issues or mental stability? #crazyhouse
NO NO he was busy campaigning for who he thought was gonna win - the MOOCH was jumping from campaign to campaign,nothing to do w/loyalty!
He was crazy idiot. Great news he's out of the WH
Poor man. Low self esteem. Winning.
Well, you certainly thanked him for that show of loyalty - ruined his business, ruined his marriage, missed his kids birth, fired him. Nice!
He was your Pauly D in the situation room. Dude you suck at life. Go back to stealing from people in private.
The mooch didn't last 2 episodes of Game of Thrones
Scaramucci called you a "hack politician" a month after you declared. The entire world knew you were running 8 months before the 1st primary
Omg stop talking
You have not been honest 1 day in your life!
On all fairness to the world, resign.  Now!
I can't believe this tweet.  I'm embarrassed for you.
Who Fricken CARES, idot
So much for loyalty.
In the end, Scaramucci didn't work out too well for you, huh?
ok...let the bozo work for ten days
How'd that work out? No wonder you can buy lamps at bankruptcy sales in Taj Majal lobby. #clownprinceoftheworld
Oh Dear!! There you go. Sacked him already? Who's next?
Boy he lasted long  LOL  #5 step up
Oh please.
So long sucker mooch
In all fairness, you suck at finding qualified people
BREAKING: AP source: Anthony Scaramucci ousted from White House communications post after 11 days on the job.
In all fairness, I said "Trump is a hack politician and his rhetoric is anti-American.” Love, The Mooch
Look how far he’s come!
Oh pa-leeze!!!  Do you really think we believe that!!!  Anthony must be good at kissing butt!  Oh Wait - he is!!!
In all fairness to that bimbo Scaramucci, he could not stand you before the primaries started.

I can't figure out whether you or Mooch is the biggest liar.  But BOTH of you have hall of fame world class top of the heap LIAR credentials
Just use your mouth next time
But the nice and polite and honorable, Jeff Sessions beat him to it
Ha ha ha! Gullible aren't you!
U can't seriously believe his BS! I know you're smarter than that! Hope U don't live 2 regret hiring him! He's dynamite waiting 4 a match!
I'm glad you shared his job interview ... very creative!!
#RT @AynRandPaulRyan
I'd send this to @realdonaldtrump, but I'm #blockedbyTrump
He would HATE this.
…
Because we all thought it was a joke. Now it's serious but you're still a joke. Thanks for the late night entertainment
Sorry to disagree but Scaramucci gives me the creeps!  I believe you'll be sorry for bringing him into your admin. I see him as Napoleonic!
Do you even realize that statements like this reveal you as the shell of a man you really are? You just do you. The world is laughing. 
Fuck all the haters, go Trump.
Are you congenitally disposed to lying (that means "from birth"; don't get excited seeing "genital"), you "bullying hack with no judgement"?
I guess they why he had all those "nice" things to say about you on Fox! Sad.
Oh wow, he liked you more than all the others, because you are the greatest person ever! So glad you told us that he picked you first! lol
According to his history on Wikipedia, he  wanted "Crooked" Hillary to win, and before that, supported "evil" Obama by raising funds.
just have him clean up his mouth, he sounds like democrat.
you annoy me
His wife divorced him for supporting you...please continue to tell us all how great u are
Do you believe your lies?

We can figure out exactly what went on by simply reading his comments.  We know who he endorsed:Not u. We know who he was calling names:U
Ummm.  Mr. President you had to have known you were running before the first primaries...
@Scaramucci after he called you a hack & Queens president #trumprussia

No one cares!
So he just trashed you instead, and now deletes the tweets where he did that.  Wanna try selling me a bridge too?
Sure he did, Sir. Everyone knew you were running  since August 2015
SCARAMUCCI  , TRUMP wants to know if you can do the fandango. 
American politics (or lack of it) is currently the best soap opera on tv.
what does this even mean? #Dementia
What do you know about fairness?
@Scaramucci -bs. He was talking so much shit. It's embarrassing haha losers
Me Scaramucci stands for FREE WALL STREET / FREE FROM FAKE CAPitAL ARLINington
Sad
Fucking Mafia connections have finally infiltrated the WH.
Who gives a shit
Dr. President Trump is the epitome of wisdom and knowledge. #MAGA
Truly

Sir.  many like myself wondering why @Scaramucci in the WH? No bueno but Gen Kelly and @USAGSessions 
Have you seen his birth certificate? It's probably fake like the fake news. I'm mean look at him that's not normal folks. Is that normal?
Maybe he is transing? Into an alien. In that case he could be very disruptive to the WH and all the work still needing to get done.
Scaramucci= Scary Douche Bag...
Reince Prebius is a loyal friend 2 u. He keeps low profile, not lke Mooch. Mooch wil do u n. He wants th main stage.hel overshadow u Hes 1st
Umm who cares about a Mooch endorsement? I certainly don't he is just Andrew Dice Clay in the White House.  Another embarrassment. Sad
That explain!!!
Rofl!!! U crack me up! Watch out, Mooch is taking attention away from u! And he is making u look sleezier than u really r.  Fowl language!!
Yet you claim to represent Christian values with your hate speech and add this foul mouthed ego maniac to your staff? Self serving hypocrite
Meet the new lackey of the orange fecal stain.  The bafoonery multiplies.
are you not investigating the DNC, Comey and all these corrupt politicians  ? What are you waiting for, they are trying to destroy you !
In all fairness, will you take your gloves off and start throwing some really big punches. We voted for you, we won, let's get going. !!!
Don't you mean really yuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuge
In all fairness, will you take your gloves off and start throwing some really big punches. We voted for you, we won, let's get going. !!!
Yup It's Huuuuuuuuuuuuuuge  Yuuuuuuuuuuup
@Scaramucci So this is how y'all blow each other? Okay. I guess u need a way to pass the time of failed fake presidency.
Whatev.
You picked a perfect person. He's just as narcissistic as you.
The Trumper and the mooch 2 bozos in love
Go ahead and tell yourself that puddin
Jesus Trump. You continue making shit up. Please look up the terms delusional and dementia.
you were quoted in a story by @CNN
Love my president Trump!  Quit trusting everybody dangerous. Carry a big gun filled with truth bullets for all the lying dems.
Scaramucci - Mucci foul mouth.
He'll be R rated soon.
He's a little scary (pushy and forward) just don't really know what his intentions
Mooch has the Napoleon syndrome .. you surround yourself with swamps come because nobody of any intellect and ethics will come near you
Um, no. He said you were not fit for office and chose 2 other people before finally taking a job with you.
Anthony Scaramucci seems to be hogging the spotlight. How long till your low self esteem make you fire him?
In all fairness hack is a term of endearment
So not tru he dissed u and threw u to the curb. But then u offered him a nice chuck of tax payers money, and he sung a different tune.
More lies. No surprise. If trump tells the truth about something it's big news.Very rare. Lack of ethics in this administration is shameful.
He has your back. He learned his lesson on his language.
He got your back looking for a place to stick you. Wait - he's a front stabber
