Le pire président que les États Unis n'ont jamais connus veut maintenant accélérer le réchauffement climatique. Blaireau.
It's unbelievable YOU @potus just aligned USA with Syria, of All Countries, and 1 of 2 obviously not in signed agreement with Paris Accord!
Please @Pontifex pray for Cost to USA & World and Negative Impact caused by @POTUS & those who follow out of Greed of Money & Self Agendas
Join me live at the @WhiteHouse. http://45.wh.gov/hFPD8j  ...
Climate change is called the Chicken Little syndrome, we call it that because it's fallacy combined with propaganda.
You sound like an inmature bitchy preteen when you tweet crack a book why dont u my cockatoo has a larger vocabulary!!
Everyone who follows you also follows your I.Q. wayyyyy below the national average.
Id rather eat poop
Climate changes main function is so that politicians can pick your pocket and tax you to death because we have to save the world!
Let it be known today that I give the news media the Joseph Goebbels propaganda award for their news casting.
Aforementioned figures and information supplied by the GAO, the government accountability office, 2017 Mr. Trump is a great leader!
$26.1 billion for climate change programs and activities provided by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act in 2009.
let me hit you with this point blank, climate change is a moneymaker! This is why President Trump pulled out of the Paris Climate Accord
why is merkel wearing Mens pants, and they look two sizes bigger
3-2-1. <Peels skin off as UFOs descend from the sky.> 

Lizard King Trump: We are soup aliens come to turn the world to soup! You are broth!
Ooooh. You can't cum unless you personally make sure the world is ending. Got it. Cool fetish. #Parisclimateaccord
Who was the scientific team you consulted on this decision? Mike Huckabee? That big fake Noah's Ark in Kentucky? Bannon's powdered balls?
You know who likes you? About 100 racist golf dads. 10 blues dads in burgundy polos who love the Hard Rock. Russia. Yourself. That's it.
Your dad would already be proud of you. He'd already love you for your racist bullshit. You're good, man! Take the rest of the week off!
It feels like maybe a trip to Chuck E. Cheese is what you need. Just you and tokens and the kids going apeshit on Time Crisis. Fire a gun!
No. Shan't. #RESIGN !!!!
You are a Bastard.
What a shame~ before being a businessman, you are president, who has to know basic things like human rights  #youarereallydumb

Küresel sosyalizmi hafife alma.Japonyada Sol bir iktidar var.Almanyada sol ortaklı Merkel, İran sol , Çin zaten sol.
No!
Mr. Trump, if you have something to do with the cancellation of Sense8 i just wanna say THANK YOU
You're sitting there tweeting instead of being outside talking. you've now left these people waiting for you outside for over 25 minutes .
And just like that all the racist democrats who need their climate adjusted start urinating on each other now can we get 2 building the wall
You're destroying America and the rest of the world. Thank you Mr. President. You are such an embarrassment.
You are getting rich on the backs of hard working American people. #impeachnow #stevechancelloriskillingmotherearth
You could have just ruined America. 
Now you chose to ruin the entire earth.
Shame On You.
All it takes for evil to prevail is for good men to do nothing.
No thanks
Ignoramus
Thank you, Trumpee... now we join that exclusive group of forward thinking, science-first leading countries Nicaragua and Syria.
Your children and grandchildren will suffer from what you've done.#ParisClimateDeal #ParisAgreement #disgusting
Now you even have Vice President Pence is lying for you. #OrangeClown'sPuppet
Ohio, Indiana, Michigan,  and rest of states who voted for this idiot, enjoy polluted air, rivers, and land!
This is a very dark time for our country. I am embarrassed for our country and  frightened for our future.
You have doomed the future generations out of shear greed you crooked greedy swine #TrumpImpeachmentParty #ParisAgreement
SHAME ON YOU!! hiding behind platitudes such as good for USA! It is not good for the world and is just another example of feeding fat cats!
.@realdonaldtrump
Thank you @realDonaldTrump for totally fu@&ing up our environment and future!
Another great day for America as 1)you threaten the future of the world with pollution 2)another great step in alienating our allies #Loser
Oldest, fattest, meanest, dumbest president.
MCGA- making China great again
no
Please stay and make America the leader of the world!  DO NOT leave the Paris accord.
Your ignorance is shocking.
thank you Mr. President! 
On my way over. Let's get to building the wall.
Amazing book: https://www.amazon.com/Weather-Future-Extreme-Storms-Climate-Changed/dp/B0058M5I4I … And it even offers pictures for dumb people like @realDonaldTrump #ParisAccord
So... a book with photoshopped pictures based on the misinterpretation of a HYPOTHESIS that has NO BODY OF SCIENTIFIC EVIDENCE?

Wow.
Melt.
The part where Trump informs us he's leaving our children an uninhabitable dystopian hellhole.
Obama led on Climate Change. Trump following lead of Syria and Nicaragua. Speaks volumes.
45 going to seek a "better deal" like that YUGE disaster of an arms deal with the Saudis. 
A four-piece band played before Paris announcement. What's up with the Donald and Co. gleefully celebrating impending doom in Rose Garden?
Clean coal doesn't exist. Trump is basically selling dry water to the MAGA faithful. Eventually, they'll hate it when they end up all wet.
Bannon and Pruitt bullied Trump into this decision. Trump caved, wouldn't even listen to Ivanka. Losing his spine.
Pence? Does he not care about the planet because Jesus is coming back? Wouldn't your god, any god, want us to protect planet they created?
hello
Mr. President:  I would like to know if you believe that climate change is a serious issue, greatly influenced by human behavior, or a hoax?
Trump love the covfefe when?
the retired Ceo of the weather channel who is a real climatologist and 30,000 scientists are taking Al Gore to court for fraud.
It would be poetic justice if you were to drown while playing golf at Mar-A-Lago as it is flooded by rising sea water. #ImpeachTrump
Charles you need to back away from the video game and do constructive things  like read you're real history,if ignored can cause war.
Isn't New York a swamp tooo....? Time to drain those swamps
To claim all complaints were investigated by nyp nhs cyc when they were not is Fraud
"Our plans,move guided by gods'wisdom based on Newtimes& modern phenomenon; similar wisdom he  he gave to KingSolomon."
I wouldnt join you for 10 billion. #LoserInChief
donnie you should try reading... it's up the president in 2021 ! Do you think you are going be reelected ? Hilarious  i
...they felt the accords weren't tough enough & are now a green energy powerhouse, Syria didn't sign bc they're in the middle of a Civil...
Nobody wants to join you. You are a colossal ball of crotch sweat.

Thank you, President Trump!
Amazing speech. Just going to watch again!

Earth lives 4 their children(human, plants, animals) as an unbiased mother. Protecting climate by children is like mother's wish comes true.

Damaging to America! Knowing you you'll want to build a bloody big dome over the country. Not much use Don when the rest of the world's dead
No
Fact is US emissions are very low granted there not at zero but it never will be ,these other countries are the real polluters
Good job
You should be ashamed of yourself!
Tell it to the people in Miami!!! Sad!
I agree with your decision and actions yesterday. Thank you
Great Week Your Honorable Mr. President Donald J. Trump
Gonna be great to see the looks on their faces when Don Jr. Fills your shoes! #nextpresident
can't believe news if this was such a good idea why wasn't it ratified by congress
I pick my nose in public.
Nothing you said re: Climate Accords was near fact.  Nice to see sensible US cities still adhering to agreement, incl. Pittsburgh #DickPills
good job your doing a better job than the ex presidents . I need all three of my children back not for debate we can change the future or or
US produces twice carbon dioxide emissions per capita as China & 8 times more than India. We need to DO MORE, not less to save planet earth.
The only thing that should have pulled out is your dad

No, thanks!  I don't want to enter the trump swamp!The adjoining forest is also frightening! Lions, & tigers, & Russian bears! Oh, my!
Not if you paid me.
Shame on you President Trump for getting us out of a moronic agreement that cost us trillions and did nothing. 
In The Rose Garden your bald spots were showing. Worst Hair Ever! Everything about you is an embarrassment!
That statement is "I am an idiot".  The Koch Brothers love you.
Mr President Trump I am praying for you, move the American Embassy into Jerusalem, as you promised, bless you
Very problem mental
Hey everyone make sure you pay $69 for the trump subscription box.  any guesses to why it's 69 or what's in the box?
I would rather bathe in hydrochloric acid.
Very very proud. Stay strong. Stay true. Drain the swamp.
I love it save money and for those people that still have there heads up onomatopoeia ass things won't change
You contain enough hot air to provide energy to the entire planet. The only problem is your carbon emissions are worse than that of coal.
You did the right thing again, I LOVE WINNING!
Yeah ...no thanks.
Paris accord good for America good for the world Donnie not so much he is BAD Hombre not good for ANYTHING IMPEACH
Silly, weak little man. Foolish, foolish.
Mr Donald J Trump you al right, to make a war we not need a army ejército only to say the true
You want to make America great? Then stop removing us from the world stage.  No TPP & Paris Accord hands the reigns of leadership to China.
Prepotente, los consumidores boicotearemos los productos americanos "Listo". Debería pasar un examen psiquiátrico para ser presidente
Tell your people to shut up. man made global warming is the biggest HOAX ever put past the people on this planet. READ a science book please
No No No I'll be watching QVC
Idiot!
Go away!  You are a snake.  @WhiteHouse
Gross, why?
No one was laughing at the US until you were elected. Now the laughter has changed to guffaws. What a stupid decision.
Will there be strong drinks? #MAGA
Dear President you continue to show your here for the average guy. THANK YOU,
Michael Sanchez
Which is funny because the average guy supports the agreement.
You are crazy and irresponsible
Idiot.
I'm on my way, I would like to sit to your right this will ensure your are the highest rated president since JFK, wife/awesome/Kathy/dim
Bad decisions are being made.  Need NOAA. Boss now and FEMA Boss.  GET IT TOGETHER
Seriously Twitter is sooooo bias, go to fb and read what they are saying. Will get whole new prospective.
The climate is changing but you have to be stupid to think the USA can do anything to stop it especially at the USA  workers expense. JOBS!
@realDonaldTrump President Of The United States Of America.
You are a HUGE pile of 
Doing a great job President Trump!!
Idiot
You are the working definition of a traitor to the people of the US and all of humanity for all of history.  You do not speak for the USA.
Hey Covfefe in Chief: Clinton trounced you in Pittsburgh! The people there didn't want you to represent them!


Honey he left Paris in the dirt in fact most people with money are leaving France Do u know why it's a big word Taxation ,Socialist agenda .
