
Funny
It isn't funny, it's disrespectful and shows the regressive left's mentality and ignorance.
Thanks “Mister Deplorable”!  I learned it from your “God, Emperor Cheetolini” ! No need to be polite or respectful anymore. I’m going to say it like it is! I thought you MAGAts loved that?? Oh, not from a woman, or a lib... gotcha! 
Ohhh... and reported to Twitter. Have at it... dems = lost cause.

We American Patriots stand behind your decision Mr President

Please stop this, please.  I didn't vote for you, I voted for Hilary.  Handle this is a respectful way. Stop the two year old name calling.
Idiot
But this IS what happens when the country has elected a sleazy, 2bit entertainer/real estate agent w an entitlement complex to run the U.S.
EXACTLY! A con-man, hustler, ponzi scheme running dirt bag! Get him out of there along with his creepy little son-in-law who can take his 666 address and it RFID chip productions companies
wow... just wow
USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA
As long as we have the backing of China, I give North Korea one warning, then it's war, a bully only learns when you defeat it
Idiot POTUS just declared war on North Korea.
no kim -rocket man has declared war from day one- he is a fat idiot that killed thousands of his people and starves the rest-he is hated
#SeeSomethingSaySomething If a president can sit around considering blowing up a country and then tweet about it then why should we wonder why a kid can post threats 2 law enforcement and no one says anything and later kills 17 children. Maybe he learned hate/violence from Trump!
Didn't realize Twitter allowed treats. Hmmmm. Guess you're 'special'.

Do you mean:  = ?
:)).
Ole Donny knows less about foreign policy than my tweaked out cousins. We're doomed, people.


Donald,  America will remove you by force.  A military coup if necessary! You are INSANE!
A good president

Shut Up. You are a threat to national security and stability. @SenateGOP @SenateDemocrats. You do not understand Life
@SenJohnMcCain @SenFranken @SenWarren @LindseyGrahamSC @JacksonLeeTX18  This guy is a bigoted, unstable Nut - and a Threat to security.
Keep it up Donnie boy! I hope all Kim's bombs are directed to PA Ave Wash DC! TOO BAD FOR YOU & YOUR REGIME! QUIVER YOU MASS OF DONKEY DUNG!
I look forward to your next-generation weapons platforms being deployed in a decapitating strike on NK. Or is a defensive superweapon nearing completion? Because it seems NK's strategy is locked-in as appearing optimal from their perspective.

Donald if you start a nuclear war with North Korea,  YIU ARE DONE! Americans WILL NOT TOLERATE IT.  You WILL be removed!
Trump is not starting a war. sorosw paid Kim to start a war. NWO wants a war- Hillary, obama aka barry soetoro want a war so NWO takes over
Little rocket man is Tetsuko room now!!
heyu baby do you mind if Dennis and I have a sex party with a bunch of 14 year olds? UH mommy
Nice!!
Do you have any clue that words actually have meaning? Are you that callous that you would threaten to kill millions in a tweet?
You're like the junior school bully with a tough older brother. Grow up man. Give it a rest. Show a little class, if that's at all possible.
That's big talk from you, heel spurs
#IGNORE the MOUTH BREATHERS and their #WHINING 
WE THE PEOPLE want to #MAGA
your Tweet was quoted by @mashable
If I were to threaten someone on @twitter, my account could be suspended for violating TOS. But apparently it’s ok for POTUS to threaten the North Koreans. Why is that, @jack? Are POTUS’ stark raving crazy tweets too good for your business model?
Twitter banned Roger Stone for life. Yet Trump threatening war with North Korea was OK?? @Policy @TwitterSupport
save Seoul from North Korean artillery, use all b1 b2 b52 bombers if necessary
North Korea Nuclear Programs must be destroyed in order to save plant Earth  and everything that lives on it.
We may send a million nuclear bombs over there and have the first strike, but all it takes is one nuclear bomb to reach any part of our country and the world as we know it is gone!!!
I think your doing a great job Mr. President.  Please keep up the good work.
ᴀᴍᴀᴢɪɴɢ
#Winning
Don’t be surprised if they renege.
THE BOTS ARE BACK TRYING TO CONTROL OPINIONS! 132 thousand want war with N. Korea? COME ONNNNNNNnnnnnnnnn,,,,,,,
Is that right?
Name-calling is very mature and Presidential. Nice work, Emperor Commodus! By the way, how was your disco party in that location near the school where the mass shooting occurred? Hope it was totes fun! Just like having you as "president" is totes fun for the working class.
Grossly irresponsible speech. Terrifyingly tyrannical speech; who wants their day, their week, their month, their year, their lives disrupted with the fear that for the first time since the Korean conflict, an American president is threatening a nuclear first strike? Get a grip.
Trump is unfit^100
Why u dont do us a favor @realDonaldTrump and kill ur self 
I still can't help but feel like old age has clearly regressed you to a mental state of a 9 year old running around a playground just trying to cause trouble because it's "a good laugh"
I'm not asking u to stop this back and forward negative negotiations for myself, but for the future of our country, my kids, my family and for all the ppl I love!!! Me, I'm prepared to die for what I believe in and I do still believe in this country greatness!!!
Everything about this is inappropriate, including some of these responses. What is the world coming to?
Speaking of rockets...Bitcoin is about to rocket to the moon!!!!!
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @BBC
Keep antagonizing him with your juvenile name calling, donnie. Get us into a war for Christmas. It IS what YOU want. Just itchin' to get your finger on that button and to send young folks into battle while you sit eating your burgers. Evil man/child.
and neither will you.
Trump's comments on Twitter had led Republican Senator Bob Corker to call the White House a psychiatric hospital adult day
non presidential and taking this country down by his childish behavior and un stable moves.
Ur goin 2 jail an I cant wait till it happens. The whole world will party like theres no 2morrow. ur a criminal period!
U insult every1 thn try n take it back, U act like u can say wut ever u want n it wont matter. Russia is no friend 2 the US
U thnk that callg him that "lil rocket man" isnt an insult? U've been doin that frm the beginning.
Why? Are you going to lead the troops from the front.
funny how you don't talk about Putin this way and he has threaten this country
Don't mind Trump's name calling--That's safer for us Americans , than if he drops bombs on N.Korea and gets us Americans killed  by returning N. Korean atomic bombs. May Trump keep on with the bad name call. That safer than causing the U.S. of America to fall
YOU ARE A WAR MONGER
. No, you won't!  Thank Fucking God! It's Mueller Time! Tic Toc Clock !
You’re an international embarrassment
Dear World,
Please ignore our fucking dumb ass "president" as he does not represent the majority of Americans and is a complete moron.
Robert Mueller says the Same thing about you. 
And Everybody’s knows it.
You called him #Rocketman remember?
please attack NORTH KOREA BULLS HIT KIM JONG UN
Well done Trump, where one step closer to nuclear war now! 
This is how "men" without balls talk. And it's also how incompetent traitors, criminals and idiots distract from the fact that familie and administrations will soon be in jail. 
@DonaldJTrumpJr @seanhannity (speaking of men without balls)
#TrumpRussiaCollusion #TraitorTrump #MAGA
Then put @EricTrump & @DonaldJTrumpJr on the front line and we'll see how this changes.
Please stop this infantile tweeting & go learn about N. Korea before you get us all killed.
Make Korea a parking lot again! Just type the 8 zeroes already and launch that shit
and hopefully neither will you
no you won't...mullers got your number #timetomeetthehangedman
Empty, empty threats from a teeny, tiny coward.
The bully on a playground; “ they won’t be around much longer”; is a threat to all Americans. It’s not making AmGrAgain! @realDonaldTrump
135,021 stupid people hearting this.  FOOLS
You're a nut! Like Un
Keep on talking
God willing Robert Mueller will get you before long! #ImpeachTrumpNow
and you wont even have a job or a wife when you return in 2 weeks. when the RATS away the cats do play!
Shut up already!
you were quoted by @CNET
You need to shut up! And sit on your thumbs and do your job you are trying to get into a war to cover up your illegal shit.
recall what the Italians did to Mussolini and wife. hung them upside down and the citizens spit on the. NO nuclear war.
Stop with the childish name calling, you overgrown petulant child pre tantrum!
STOP!Your going to start a war.OMG what is wrong with you.
You need to take a handful of sedatives
stupid statement from the mentally ill
well there are plenty of Americans who wish the same of you being in the White House.  #WorstPresidentEver
Okay, Joke's getting real old now. Time to pack up & go home to play golf full time. I'm sure the Russians don't need any more help from you
And I think you should be out there in the front line, leading the troops.
Pls do not do this North koreans will start war and  us innocent koreans will die.

Maron
Go President Trump! All the way Sir! Mr. President
7
are you making the first shot or you want to wait for a smack on the ass?
Mr President I really appreciate for the job you are doing to us. I believe that you’ll succeed. You are a smart and intelligent person.
It's clear that @twitter @jack @biz have drawn a line in the sand! This is crazy & sad! @rosemcgowan can you sleep?
The sooner you get rid of 'rocket man' the safer we will all feel!!
I say you loose say less source less Q precious so for ReMinD. ME? BA G. R U? T'h' G O D WC UK. G. No H. U LRMOD. C'Man Abbrev'n pls fed C?
Hello Mr. President I have a question concerning a very serious matter
Concerning cyber security within our Nation and what measures are in place to prevent cyber terrorism
Did he mention it being be a long long time
'Till touch down brings me round again
 to find
Askin for a mate lad DM me xx
Were you not born with a “shut-up” filter?
im a canadian but i love you Donald trump!!do you have a brother we could use for a prime minister???
The next Hitler and it's making I call on the road to put a stop to it vote Trump out
@TwitterSafety can you suspend him for threat of war?
Do you not understand the dangerous implications of your horrific tweets? This is global security you are messing with #stoptweetingnow
You Sir, are a madman!
Resign now! Resign now! Resign now! You are the rocket man!
Hey shit sandwich. Make sure your blood is in the game before you send the poor kids off to die because you feel the need to wag the dog.
Get er done!!!
please on behalf of the world and its children, go get some advise from Obama on politics and diplomacy 

your Tweet was quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
I still don't know why you dither
Playground Bully.

Dear President Donald J. Trump.    I really really respect your ”positive self-confidence” and...
...and your ''numberless success” what you've achieved ever.  
BUT i hope you'll find other ways to make North Korea ”lose their fighting SPIRIT”...
I know they are totally terrible troublesome though...
But still they have own ”PRIDE” and i assume that they'll NEVER ever try to let it go... I'm sure...
I'm really counting on you... A cheering message from one admirer of YOU from Tokyo.
Stop your childish rants #DOTARD
Some
We need to correct the conditions in the US so that we don't elect another @realdonaldtrump in 2020.  He is not competent.
BIG TALK BY NONE OTHER THAN LITTLE ROCKET MAN TRUMP!!
Lisa should put herself instead of Trump respect myPresident dum Lisa
#WorstPresidentEver
Have we ever been blessed with a more tactful entity?  Geez!
I know that members of #Cult45 feel underprivileged bc are white & not Kardashian-rich, but to tolerate an IDIOT's threats re nuclear war?

Really ? So u r a monster when u destroy the little rocket man?
You're just itching to play with your big, shiny war toys, aren't you?
A leader de escalates . Your not on school yard grow up
Hopefully you're not around much longer.
Neither will SOUTH KOREA, if you keep BABBLING!
Viva Mexico
War time ago was for win territory in others countries Today is forgive more & best solutions that alot people living in unhuman conditions.
Little Rocket Man vs Big Fat Sociopath. Both have such huge egos. They care nothing for the people they represent.
Rocket Man vs Little Fingers
your Tweet was quoted by @guardian
@MungerSwag @philowisdomMD
Thanks to you a war will start and I will never see my grandchildren
Oh you're on a roll!
You're a fool. Proper presidents do not "tweet" or make threats.
U are speaking to person who could end the world as we know it! How little u know due to u're lack of educational information on this.
U have just created a ca strophe in u're words of action. So WRONG, So WRONG, & DUMB. U are not talking to a peon, while u take his lunch $
I was never worried about North Korea or a nuclear war. Until you started talking shit on twitter with you huge ego and one brain cell!
someone needs put a rocket up your arse before you start world war 3 you clown
You need to stop bringing threats to North Korea... Pray for peace and healing and understanding...kneel and pray for wisdom & healing....
Yes because you are so itching to nuke someone:
