America, How much pride do you feel today with el-bonehead as @POTUS?

#TinyHands #TinyMind
Now THIS! would make me proud #MAGAlockedAway
Ask your #Complicit daughter/wife @IvankaTrump to take you for a walk baby trumpy, your empty head needs clearing.. if that's even possible
You caused this all from day one Donnie. What did to expect when you demonized & degrade the press every step of the way (Play the victim)?
I am a Voter, You'll know it to be true in 2018... May the devil be with you. always.
#LockHimUp #DayOfReckoning
mMm time to throw up my breakfast... Please excuse meee.. Whoooooshhh~~~~~~
Never true words spoken.. DANG!
uuhhhhhhhh Donald I've known that the National Enquirer was fake news since I was 7 years old. You're a joke and an embarrassment.
fake news
fake news
funny... but still fake news
you get the point. you & your friends at the enquirer are all full of crap & fake news. you use your lies as weapons on the American public.
Please show the one with Hillary & the alien baby! that's a classic.
ha ha that's Weekly World News, still funny fake news though.
Thanks for that!
Trump likes saying "I said no!" 

Trump doesn't like women saying "I said no!" to him.
There's a sexual predator in the White House. Let's not forget that. Nobody ever talks about it these days, but it is crucial to remember.
Donald Trump. Bill Cosby. In our society, if you're a rich, powerful man you can get away w/ anything. We have to stand up to this epidemic.
When you're a star you can do anything, even collude with Russia.
...and with Twitter, you can make up liberal lies and never be held accountable. How cool 

And because he's new at this.
That is not an excuse. Is he new to humanity?
You are a thin-skinned, narcissistic, petty, petulant, little man with no self control. Shameful & unconscionable that you hold this office.
Are you saying that it's ok to disrespect the highest authority in the nation and expect him to just "take it" indefinitely?
I'm saying that the POTUS should show some class and dignity and not get down in the mud hurling vitriolic insults through social media
All presidents have been attacked in the media. Obama and Bush knew to act professionally about it. Trump doesn't.
Exactly! They were on opposite ends politically but both displayed class and weren't whiny, putulant, vindictive little brats  like 45!
Highest Authority in the nation? 
If the president tells me to do something and my wife says not to.

I ain't doing it
You are a smart man.
...and most likely happy! 
You realize you just disproved your own claim by showing this vid BROADCAST VIA A NEWS OUTLET
that's not actually true though. He didn't say every single story is a lie.
"THIS IS WHAT THE MEDIA IS NOT SHOWING YOU!"

*posts video from the media*
Can you provide DNA proof that you haven't fucked your daughter? 

A lot of people are saying you did. Credible sources, in fact.
Unfollowing for this trash
Oh nooooooo
My job is to torment and mock Trump. I'll let everyone else go high, but I'll go even lower because that's what gets under his skin.
Fine. But leave his filth comments about his daughter out of it. She's complicit in actual bad shit. No need to shame her for his words.
I'd wager a helluva lot of women who have sexually abusive, powerful male narcissist relatives feel the same way.
I'm satirically mocking him using the same logic that he used about Obama being from Kenya etc. I'm calling him out on statements he made.
Hearing this argument all day. But it's simple
1. He (and misogynists) use women's appearance and would/wouldn't fuckability to degrade them
@Morning_Joe isn't news program but an analysis one. That is like calling @amazon a "fake library" because " it has books" (too).
Be @CNN what ever they are, even though the name "News" is incorporate in their name, They are "Bogus", they are "leftist propaganda".
FOX "News" equals "Leftist propaganda?"
No Fox News is republican, CNN is democrat...you know divided like our country. "Indivisible under god" lol
You're not paying attention to the conversation.
The @NYDailyNews predicted the circus otherwise known as the White House and the clown running it aka @POTUS two years ago this month! 
You are a weak little man. Everything is not fake news just because you don't like what they say about you. You are so embarrassing.
What's embarrassing is your pea brain to understand what is and isn't fake.
Omg you're sooooo right. My mistake. 
I'm confused because this is exactly what you voted for
yes I did but when he puts out juvenile tweets I voice my opinion #America
This is who he is and always has been. 
yes its sad that he did not change this habbit once he became POTUS
I don't understand why you thought he would. What part did you vote for exactly? The racist, xenophobia, or the lies and hateful rhetoric?
What is important is that we band together to stop him from enacting his haneousness upon our country #Midterms
Yea right, for the first time since YESTERDAY when you went on a tweet storm temper tantrum like a five-year-old....Try to act like an adult
F' that! Eat to his heart(attack) desire..
A man who takes the National Enquirer seriously has no business talking about "fake news" and "bad shows." #getalife #GodHelpUs
100% agree and what business does the President have in squashing an article in the National Enquirer? Or any news outlet for that matter?
Not sure the Enquirer qualifies a news outlet.
Yes that was part of my point. He shouldn't be able to do that with any media outlet entertainment or informative.
Thank you soooooo much for sharing such informative information about the progress you're making in our country. What a leader 
Even my dog hates you @realDonaldTrump look at her face when I show her your twitter feed! #DumpTrump
She knows a female hater when she sees one. That's a good puppy.
Speaking of low ratings, how about that 35% approval rating of yours? And the worldwide mockery?
Is it that high I thought he was in the 20s now. World wide I bet its worse the world thinks hes a joke.
Glad U have nothing better to do than watch tv U fucking orange cunt
FUCK U DONALD
https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/donald-trump-is-not-well/2017/06/30/97759ee0-5d0f-11e7-9b7d-14576dc0f39d_story.html …
"Bad show" is what sane Americans think every day when we wake up & see our President humiliating himself & this country on Twitter. Again.
That the National Enquirer is the one publication with which you hold sway is telling.
Excellent point.
Below-average-low-rated @Morning_joe
I never watch anymore.
. @realDonaldTrump That show actually has pretty decent ratings, it's the ratings of your Presidency that are at an all time low. #magamyass
I have loved your music for years.... (and years...). Tweets are all bonus!

How OLD are you? Get off twitter and run this nation with dignity, please! @realDonaldTrump @Morning_Joe
In bed with The National Enquirer. You must be so proud.
Dea rMr. @POTUS • If you are trying to extort someone for better treatment, you are in violation of #18USCode872. Was that your intent?
You are a walking, talking hemorrhoid on the ass of the world.
And your behavior falls where?
"Fight fire with Fire"? Maybe?
And whose fire are you fighting. Are you passionate about fake news?
Fake news is a Trump invention.
You believe all the news organizations are always are truthful? Therefore you feel that calling our President a hemorrhoid is justifiable?
And why would a woman respect Trump? He has no respect for you.
Words don't hurt me.  Actions do. His actions with the women he has employed & trusted in executive positions speaks volumes.They praise him
You know what's #fakenews? This:
Ms. Jones PLEEEZE R/T - Actual BILLIONAIRE responded to my tweet 4 oligarchs to fund anti-Trump suit by Joe&Mika
THREAD - Oligarch #DavidMagerman has offered 2 help fund a @morningmika & @JoeNBC  suite against #Trump 4 BLACKMAIL https://youtu.be/kQran_PoVQo 
I've never wanted to c the 25th amendment exercised so badly in my life. My friend's 5 year old is more qualified to run his country than u.
Dana Goldberg - You really need help.
Yeah... she needs help getting Donald Trump impeached so her five-year-old can run the country better than Trump ever thought of doing!
You're a rapist.
1. This is a good overview
3. Perhaps most damningly, his ex-wife Ivana said in a sworn deposition (under penalty of perjury) that he raped her
And that's not to mention the many more allegations from many more women that he sexually assaulted them in various ways. Use your Googles.
Cause they can't put anything on the internet that isn't true. It's laughable you believe everything you google.
Yeah all those 23 women were lying 
You represent the worst of America. It's heartbreaking.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/donald-trump-is-not-well/2017/06/30/97759ee0-5d0f-11e7-9b7d-14576dc0f39d_story.html …
No wonder your approval rating is 35%. Not presidential. Also hope he sues you for false remark.
what's it like to know that joe's tweet about this tweet got more retweets than this did
You: I'd have imagination not to be coal miner's son. Truth: Your dad funded you, told you rich are better than poor. Insult to miners.
Caroline, do you have a link to that quote ?  What a disgusting thing to say .  But...jobs !
I do indeed. Orig. in Playboy.
Wow, thanks.  How do Trump supporters not c that he is selling us out ?
Because they listen to @FoxNews which does not tell them the stories that would upset them.
Get a fucking journal, bro
You have the vocabulary of a golden retriever
Don't insult golden retrievers like that! ;)
Bad president. Bad, bad president.

You're such a liar
You are mentally ill
they don't call it the idiot box for nothing and you seem to watch it an awful lot...
God, you're a moron.
You know who is "low rated?" Worst approval rate in history? You.
You are the textbook definition of "bad show." Step down!
Our Child in Chief, everyone. I never imagined July 4th would tainted by who was president but this is the world we live in... for now.
Seriously, someone needs to lock you up and monitor you. You are an exemplary of mental instability. Plus an embarrassment to the species.
You can keep attacking Americas free press by spewing your Moscow propaganda narrative "FAKE NEWS"

We support our journalists & our press
you don't deserve the truth. I do. I support freedom of speech. @POTUS gets that right, as well--uncensored by a state run press. smh.
Jesus Christ you're the fucking President of the United States! Stay off of Twitter! We don't need to know your every stupid thought!
I think it's time for you and your president to shut the fuck up. You're easily offended by what I said to him.
I love America. I don't love that fool. He's your  president. See you at the impeachment! (Or war, whichever is first!)
.@realDonaldTrump is a #whinylittlebitch
  Yes, absolutely! #NailedIt #TheResistance
So Morning Joe is fake news but the National Enquirer isnt?  Asking.
Been watching tRump since 1/20/17. FAKE PREZ. He is worthy of a National Enquirer article. Bigly bad show!
You do realize that your ratings are lower, right?
tRUMP doesn't know he has low ratings due to his NARCISSISM. + He has MOMMY ISSUES. Thats why he thinks of BLOOD when threatened by a woman.
Hey ShitBird. When are you going to actually try to DO the job of a President? #COWARD #TrumpRussia #FuckFaceVonClownstick
WE WERE WARNED AMERICA ! WE DIDN'T LISTEN!


 Here are  7 things YOU can do  RIGHT NOW to #Resist the #Trump agenda and set the stage for #ImpeachTrump:
I can't believe we have a president who is this juvenile. Grow the hell up.
Soooo confirming you do control the National Enquirer "news' ...? 

It feels like this is a parody account
Why does the fact that both sides of the aisle find your tweets to be improper for the office not give you pause before you tweet? #NewPOTUS
STOP IT! Just stop this nonsense right now! #notpresidential
My very-smart-mother pointed this out as fake news when I was 12. Your whole story is a LIE.
how you keep admitting to crimes via twitter
#Treason 
Witness Tampering
Obstruction
Money Laundering
#EmolumentsClause 
Now -  Blackmail
You colluded with Russia.  Bad president.  #TrumpRussia
You may need some education!
Hi, Dave! Any relation to the Shane Harris who wrote this article?  https://www.wsj.com/articles/gop-operative-sought-clinton-emails-from-hackers-implied-a-connection-to-flynn-1498770851 …  #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Because that is something a president should comment on, eh?  Not worrying about N Korea, Russia, the economy, etc?
Everyone wanted a "piece of the #Trump", until he became @POTUS, now he is viewed as the enemy of the "entertainment/MSM/Liberal" world ...
... what changed? I suspect that @POTUS is a threat to their 'make believe' worlds. Or, sweeter yet, the #Trump is a nationalist. #MAGA
I wish I could speak in short sentences. Too bad. So sad! #TrumpSpeak
Hey, it's double-plus-good!
By the way, #Trump where do you get the nerve to attack ANYBODY else's appearance? You look like an orange scrotum with legs, #FakePresident
...and do you even own a mirror?


are you aware that you are obese?
I watched the low rated president today, #FakePresident bad show, can't watch any more... SAD!
Voted for you. The day you quit wasting time cause your feelings are hurt I'll respect you again. #FakeTweets
Their show is more like Dr. Suess - make believe #fakenews
For a guy who supposedly has a problem with fake news, you have a weird thing with the National Enquirer.
Personally, I would like him to start with a decent haircut
Lie. HE says he didn't call you, and he doesn't lie every time he opens his trap like you do.  Are you ready to resign from this job yet?
Buy National Enquirer Stock!
Hmm. Makes me think the 3X thing isn't quite working with the "Fake News" narrative.
Nah, I can guarantee that viewership is up because you're an idiot who has given free publicity. Meanwhile, everyone still knows your crazy
You just admitted you run the national enquirer when u said NO. What's the national enquirer known for? I think it's fake news! Wtf man?

Pay more attention to who Milania's been fucking, cause it ain't been you. REAL NEWS!
When you learn the grammatical difference between you are, you're, your. You may be taken seriously. Enjoy YOUR Miliania.
You are such a liar!!!
U told him 2 call you or you would have your friend with a trashy magazine print lies about him! #TrumpRussiaCollusion  #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
I'm surprised you added to his ratings. If he's that bad don't watch.
Morning Joe is not fake news
You know things are crazy when the old tabloid news is actually accurate and MSM is fraud and fake
He has the tapes and the phone records. Your ppl called him.
#MAGA
You really need to stop all this nonsense.
I love the names low iq crazy Mika and syco joe.
How is petitioning the president to stop an article fake news? "You use that term a lot, I don't think it means what you think it means"
Said the lowest rated FAKE POTUS in history! YOU ARE A BAD MAN. BIGLY

The journalists you attack, @realDonaldTrump, have stood beside us in combat, telling our stories. Many died doing their job. #PressFreedom 
National Enquire is the phony alien, conspiracy news. Lolol Thank u JOE and THANK you MIKA. We a
America value you, blessings to u both.
No maggot you called him and Mikas kids with threats of releasing a national enquirer story. #getitright #MAGGOTinCHARGE
But yet you watched.
Oh, because the #NationalEnquirer is real news? You are ridiculous, Mr. Trump-- an embarrassment to our nation. Please go away.
Ive@never watched it EVER so don't know. All I can say if they sit there & bash the POTUS, then I will NEVER watch it!!
Morning Joe is a great show.
You are a very bad president.
The worst in our history.
Morning Joe, can you do a story on Loretta Lynch & Comey, or Susan Price unmasking  or why Obama did not protect U.S. from cyber attacks?

Please stop tweeting about this type of trivia. Too many more important things to take your time and attention.
National Enquirer LMAO talk about fake news.  Grow up you bully. You really think they are scared of you??? You're their daily joke.
It's below dignity of high office you hold to be engaged in this sort of behaviour on social media.There are more urgent affairs of state!
@realDonaldTrump - You do realize you are a fake president right?
Another joke by Donald Trump! Very funny! Just keeps on making things up, telling imaginary stories!
Sir, please stop tweeting.  It is not a good way for you to communicate.  You aren't on apprentice anymore, you are President.  Please
You really are delusional comrade, you really need a med assessment.
Your promoting their show.
Unlike quashing the Trump- McDougal story , so the current wife wouldn't find out the truth ? #PIG
NOT distracted by your deranged tweets. CBO says 32 million ppl will lose healthcare w/Trump #Wealthcare plan
Are you sane?
You are so corrupt, liar, hate mongerin, sick individual!
лол кек чебурек|
Interesting. Seems obvious that only folks who would believe your rants are ones who believe Enquirer is "real news".
I voted 4 u and defend u alot but its just a joke some of it.  Sat nite makes fun of every President and everyone. Stop grabbing their bate!
Who cares what you think about a random show?! STOP WATCHING TV AND DO YOUR DAMN JOB. You're an absolute embarrassment
#25thAmendmentNow
So sad to see a desperate and weak person in the office of the Presidency.  These ill witted tweets do nothing but destroy our credibility
your good leadership has exposed and collapsed all the fake news media .American is now back to it strong way.
#TrumpOnlyTweetsFakeNews
Abe Lincoln once said it is better to be silent and be thought a fool than to speak and remove all doubt. Shut up and grow up !!
Mr. POTUS, Sir; seems some here still rather listen to Liars and Thieves, than someone who fufills promises.
You watch him all the time, ya big fat fibber! You're furious he won't bow to you. Keep tweeting how much you hate him-makes you SMALLER!
Donald trump


Stop it with the fake news!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thankful we finally have a strong leader for America! #MAGA
If you weren't a threat to the future of the country, I'd laugh.
Mr 45. You are the fake! The fake sitting in the office where the president sits. You make our country look stupid and ridiculous.
Stop threatening the people you are supposed to serve. You heard me, serve! Do your job and stop being so awful
Everybody knows fake news comes out of the white house in tweet form.
Are we great again yet?

Dumb American President.
.@realDonaldTrump - EMBARRASSING! ATTENTION! MAD POTUS of HATE is on the LOOSE w personal attacks again - adding to


You know what I say no to? Discrimination.
The only reason people watched it was to see or hear Trump.  @seanhannity willing to pay for 12mos "couple" therapy
Stop legitimizing this numbnod duo. Not worth it.
I've never known a POTUS who watched so much TV and concerned about ratings. Thin skinned. Ego maniac. Immature. Lying Narcissist. Bigly Sad
Stop tweeting!!

You & Jared better hope that there are no "tapes" of conversations before you start whining to the press!
how predictably LAME of you, this will probably spin your brain, but if your confused , ask Google,,"Silence is GOLDEN"&recommend for you
is this seriously are fucking POTUS?! How embarrassing. 
Ain't nobody rated lower than you.


National Inquire is filled with nothing but lies.
I see - "I said no" is your new catchphrase to show you're so powerful you always have the final say. Real power doesn't brag...
Prez doesnt have legal authority to stop press anyhow. Joe thinks presidents can & so are gods but denies Trumps right to ban terrorists?
Hey Joe, what happened to woman u had sex with then was found murdered IN YOUR OFFICE? U told Imus u had sex with her so u had to kill her
What are you gonna do when ALL shows turn on you? Who's left to praise then? You're running out of "friends" so fast.
Try acting presidential instead of act like a spoiled brat. You embarrass the great people of this great nation.
Liar-in-Chief no one believes you
 Down boy. As useless as a dog!
You're a bad show.
A TV host who criticizes the president calls him up to stop a tabloid article? Not believable. Trump behaving like a mafia boss again? Yes.
It's time to stop the disrespect of the POTUS.  The media pissed is upset that Hillary didn't win Liberals out of control
No Trump who grabs women is out of control. Nothing to respect.
Morning Joe show is horrible
Fox is fake news.
America Needs Intelligent President Again!
Oh honey, talk shows are not news - fake or otherwise.
Just because you're the MSM @MorningJoe doesn't give you the right to disparage @POTUS then suck up for a story later.
You watch Morning Joe everyday! Who are you kidding?
Ignore them, they're a distraction
not into politics but huge fan of give no fucks trollin
You're losing your mind!!! Sad! #trumpcrazytrain
Ratings are better all the time, thanks to your childish rant.  And, oh, what about Russia?
