U dont even knw what's right to do and what's wrong not to do.u not getting any younger and a leader is always endured.learn mr
You’re destroying health insurance marketplaces for every American because you’re totally clueless about what works.

#GrowUpDonald
By fixing Obamacare?
Perfecto. Primero el país unido. Las tonterías siempre pueden esperar.
Still not a word about the 4 Green Berets killed in Niger? Not one word? Nothing but silence from our so-called “president”?

Pathetic.
Quick somebody, jingle some keys and grab the Cheerios!
You have no plan. All you've got is removing healthcare from millions. Try it and see the backlash. You're mentally il. Resign.
#TrumpRussia #MuellerTime
My.........hero????
Power of the pen??  Good lord you are deplorable.  Absolutely just deplorable.
Over 60 million Americans voted for Trump knowing very well what kind of man he is.
Its time to conquer jerusalem-Al Mehdi
Do it! Save the people. Those who object have only themselves to blame! #MAGA
And those who voted for him have only themselves to blame...
Obama did it first.
Do you support our POTUS?
VOTE & RETWEET TO REACH MORE PEOPLE.
Yes
Pssst.... you vote by clicking the answer.
Define Great HealthCare.  Enquiring minds want to know.  And nice to see your women are fighting amongst themselves again.
Great for the short term but congress needs to repeal and replace so a future dimm doesn’t cnx @POTUS exec ord


you do know this is total crap, don't you?  Please tell me you aren't this stupid and are only joking.....
So now you're making threats that could hurt Americans all because you can't do your damn job. You're a joke.
Thank you President Trump for caring about us!
Trumpcare For Everybody  Poverty By A Crude Reform

#MakeAnagramsGreatAgain
Your dictatorship is ready to fall

What are your feelings and plans for the #wildfires in #California?
Weren’t you the guy who blasted Obama for using EOs to get things done?  So much not winning by you.
Idiot, resign 
You can't really get anything done. Mainly because you really, really suck at the job.
This scares me, actually..
#MedicareForAll ? If so, your popularity will certainly improve.
Translation: I will be ignoring the constitution and adding many years to my federal prison time after I get impeached.
I saw @realDonaldTrump up close in Colorado and knew INSTANTLY he would win the Presidency.

And why:
That’s just so sad...
#Obamacare #MAGA
#Repeal Obamacare 

You ran on it @GOP...now DO IT!
Helping bot Donna with memes

Since everything @realDonaldTrump touches turns to shit, my fellow Americans should prepare to die.
Clean repeal
It's Oct. You were inaugurated in Jan. What's taking you so long? Oh, right. Who knew healthcare was complicated? Many did, but not you...
I believe you, yup I really do. 
'Stroke of the pen, law of the land'
'I have a pen and a phone and I know how to use them'
Dem predictions bearing real fruit.
Thank GOD!!!! I need my healthcare again & I want to be able to pay for it myself!
Does dumbass-in-chief know he alone can't create laws?
It will only be repealed in 2020.
That makes absolutely no sense.
Are you drunk at 630am? Can somebody explain to you how a bill becomes a law?  Please?
Ask Obama who signed several orders, even know he stated he couldn’t do it.

Be as ruthless as necessary to get the job done. America is behind you because you truly represent our best interest.
Thank you Mr President!  You ROCK!
Ill take the health insurance congress has please.
Higher costs to people with pre-existing conditions With the high cost of living already come on seems like we could keep Obama protections in place on that. And still make changes in other areas.
Great...
And we'll go to court and stop you yet again.  You're right about Congress tho - why haven't they impeached you yet?
You will spend eternity inhale I hope it comes quick and I hope it comes hard. Just as it did to the people in Puerto Rico and continues

Its time to repent and Embrace Islam
And remove all the armed forces from jerusalem-The messiah
You can't simply sign a health care bill yourself.  You know that right?
IRDOTNET and ImpeachDTrump and Ed Krassenstein you were already outed as fake and bots. Why persist?
First off, bots don't reply to tweets.   Second of all, I am Not Ed Krassenstein.  I just don't have time to reply to all your ignorance
This is just sad.
He's lied about this how many times now?
Now that the individual mandate was repealed,  Obama care is dead. Say goodbye to healthcare OTHER prove pay for
I think you got the words give and take mixed up. You will be taking healthcare away from millions
Trump doesn't see anyone but himself.
I need affordable ins
Saboteur! Increasing premiums & lowering competition to crash health insurance market. Killing Americans everywhere, not just Puerto Rico
No, more like you are going to EXECUTE millions that rely on Medicare, medicaid and social security disability and ssi

And what happens to the rest of us? Just give us the same health care you would want for you and your family! That will do!
TrumpCare version Executive Order will take away health care from 32,000,000 & shift it to wealth-care. Don’t let Low-I.Q. DonTheCon do it.
Medicare for All will make America great again :)
You're a disgusting, narcissistic bully...

As you continue to lose it are you able to understand that you are going to hurt the 38% that still supports you? Revolution in USA? #moron!
And take it away from more even FASTER
Fast,,mean spirited and moronic It will just give ins co.s  more instability like he’s already done!
Are you sure you didn't mean pin? You can't wait to blow something up. Surprise it's your presidency blowing up.
Dear miscreant, why don't you take that pen and use it to RESIGN!!!!!!! The quicker the better. You CAN'T DO THE JOB!!!!
Uh, you do realize that what you are doing is TAKING affordable healthcare away from millions don't you??? But of course you do. Disgusting.
FUHRER.D.J.T.SOUNDS GREAT TREAT & FINANCE ALL AMERICANS,CEASE APATHY OF RACIAL RESENTMENT IN YOU. CURRENTLY PUERTO RICANS ARE AMERICANS TOO!
Go gag on a #Putin dildo 
#CombOverlord #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist
The only thing you’re doing right now is just tweeting ??  Nothing benefits the people
Actually you are making it harder and you are an epic FAIL
Thank you!
Thank God!!! Thank you @POTUS the repub RHINOS had heir chance #MAGA
Thank YOU @realDonaldTrump!!! The BEST @POTUS in USA history. Thank GOD #trump won!! @VP @GOP @PressSec @FLOTUS @OANN @MSNBC #DrainTheSwamp
What's "great HealthCare" & "many people"? You don't know how to explain that because you're a #moron #morontrumpresign
#trumpcare Power of the pen? So sign an executive order because you're unable to get any support even with a GOP majority?
Take away their paid benefits and make Congress pay as we have to pay! Then maybe they will come up with a plan for ALL!
You mean to say, “since I’m a MORON and can’t produce decent bill, I’m gonna take a short cut and issue an EO to screw ACA #MoronInChief
donna warren is a troll
Blatant lie #FakeNews
#ExecutiveOrder #Hypocrisy
He has no clue he's such a pompous ass, comes on like a cartoon character. It would be a joke if it weren't such a tragedy
He still thinks he’s running a reality show
His brain is shrinking more each day, still not speedy enough for me, is he ever going to be tossed out?!
The spineless repubes aren’t done using this toxic POS yet
The atmosphere coundn't be worst, maddening
guess you saw how it worked in Tennn and wanted rates to go even higher, eh?
Please Mr. President, make sure medically fragile children and  are not hurt by your new plan. Cover our children. No caps on childrens care
Sigh.  Stop this madness please resign
Your out of your league donnie! Your small hands can’t protect us. IMPEACH traitor trump FAST!
Thank you! It's past time to end the corrupt system obama and his cronies put in place to get rich off of
Do you have any idea what basic health care for America is. Please tell us in detail oh ya like you could do that. NOT
When?  Have not seen cheaper, better and full coverage for all.  That’s what you promised.  Another lie?
You fucking moron!
So you failed to "fix it" through legislation (because we all know you suck at negotiation) so, again executive order is the "fix". Joke.
Do, what exactly is your plan?  Do share with us!  #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
IF YOU GO AHEAD WITH CHANGING OUR HEALTHCARE- YOU WILL BE HARMING AND KILLING MANY US CITIZENS- THAT YOU TOOK OFFICE TO HELP! SHAME ON YOU!
Just do it by putting congress’ feet to the fire first to expose the rats on both sides who refuse to do their jobs.  We will vote them out!
Now premiums will skyrocket & people won't be able to afford coverage. #Trumpcare
No you won't. All you care about is undoing anything Obama did. You're pathetic. He will always be better than you, in every possible way.
Welp, there goes my healthcare (which isn't capitalized btw), not to mention that of millions of other Americans. Hope congress helps us...
Brilliant plan! ;-D
First, go after Insur. & Drug companies, legal immunity for vaccine pushers, GMO's, corrupt FDA and CDC, geoenginerring
Okay, Barack Obama.
Liar
Without deliberation with the Dems on changing the ACA, you're no better than President Obama and his pen.
OMG I love you.  Thank you for your backbone of steel, your relentless nature and the power of your convictions. <3
An Executive Order isn’t law. Haven’t you/your supporters figured this out by your travel bans? #Obamacare They don’t even know it’s #ACA 
Hurt so many ppl to get back at Dems, GOP n Obama. I'm sure u feel very powerful.
Thank you!!! 
By destabilizing and destroying the ACA? You’re not helping. You’re not bright enough to do something good, just things for your own benefit
And taking away even more at the same time....you are evil
U make no sense. U censured the Senate for not passing a plan that would throw millions off health care. U only want tax cuts for the rich.
You need to do whatever you can ..Thank You Mr President...
Write “I resign” and sign. It will be done.
Good Lord you must stop this Evil! Deliver us from this awful Moron! Lord we plead! Please do not let Evil Win!
Cheapass health ins that doesn't cover anyone when they're sick, IS NOT great healthcare you pompous, racist, narcissistic asswipe!
Amendment 25, Section 4 #trumpmustgo

@JaimeBooth Ignoring fellow citizens In CA too? Ur 2 for 2 now.
go for it Anti-Constitution, Dictator praising Godless wittle boy  in a man's body

Could you outline this plan for us? Because, frankly, I think you are lying again.
Look what I found at the White House website.
So the "King" of deals, co-author of "the Art of the Deal", is resorting to an executive order ... ? Donald is the FAKE !

How many times did you bash President Obama for doing executive orders?
Great job President Trump- keep up the good work!
You are such a liar
You can’t “give” them anything, by taking away what they have. You can only replace it. Or are you talking about the remaining uninsured?
Your just going to fuck it up
And the ACA FAILURE will be all your fault
Force the Senate and Congress to take O-Care. They'll change their tunes quickly when they pay our premiums and deductibles.
California is burning. Puerto Rico is drowning. Las Vegas is weeping. 
And Donald Trump is tweeting...

Help us Lord.
Big pen. Huge! Very big, very huge! #LiarInChief #Putinspuppet #goldenshowers #manchild #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow
Foolish foolish man. You need a handler. This is what happens when somebody BSs their way into a job they’re not remotely qualified for.
So you think Healthcare is easy? Wait'll you see what #TrumpCare brings you. #25Amendment
I mean, do you just hate America? This exec order will only appease your base, which is less <32% of the country. Please flipping resign.
Bull$hit
All of my tweeters please get your tweeters start putting the heat on senators and congressmen for 0 help fo trump. Please contact them mark
And just that FAST, you will single handedly kill millions of Americans.  Good job.
I'd like to see you drummed out of the WH FAST!
You have no idea what you're doing. Please don't take the lives of millions in your hand because you're too arrogant to admit you can't fix!

The president is a narcissistic
I like the term you used " the power of the pen" i wonder how long would it last?!!!!!
You wish you had that much power ole boy#valuechcs
You have to do what you know is right. No one else seems to care about we the people of theses United States Of America.
“F-ing moron” Secretary of State Rex Tillerson 
That is because the people WANT Obamacare. Do nothing!
Repubs can't get their constituencies to buy into the mean, anti health policies you want. Your slash & burn policies are bad 4 people & US.
Medicare for all! Thank you!
Great job! You have to do it yourself because Congress has sold themselves to the insurance companies and Big Pharma. Thanks To Rand Paul.
Please Mr. President have this supporter of domestic terrorism investigated.
Do you understand now why President Barack Obama used "the power of the pen" ? and the NO votes were #republicans too, since the first day.
Thank You #PresidentTrump knock down the artificial lines between the states to allow nationwide purchasing and access to more providers.
Obama Jr. with the "illegal executive orders"! 
Donald Trump! I hear he is going to bring in single payer health care for the USA! Taking care of all Americans 
@Potus @SpeakerRyan please fix it, Healthcare is not longer affordable !!!
Great Job @realDonaldTrump
Why don't you put them on Obama care?
Just what you took Obama to task for not going through Congress and using executive order
Since congress can't rid of you WE the people will be using OUR power to get you out FAST
Thank you, Mr. President
His employees only to be told by  reporter that since he provides healthcare coverage his employees were not “using “ ACA. #clueless
