We love you!
This will not end well for you.
Awwww poor LIDDLE Donny Trump. #Trump #TrumpRussia #TrumpResign
Mr President, please fix the voting process, millions of fraudulent votes did happen in election, Dems favor broken system. fix mr president
That fact that you expect or even hope for a good relationship w/ those rotting entities , disappoints me.
They should be destroyed.
BTW, as a job referral, I hear this guy Bill O Reilly is available for work. I hear he's pretty good. You may want to consider him for a job
I have an interesting referral job for you.So many PTC sites give upto 2-3dollar for per referral and 100% real with payment proof.
You accomplished nothing of value. We, the American people, do not want you as our president.
Democrats are biased sociopaths. If Pres.Trump was a democrat those in congress would sign every bill our Potus wrote w/o hesitation.

No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, &amp; it has been a lot (including...
president Trump could do away with Child Support completely in the United States
When you accomplish  something please let us know
Somehow someway get the tax reform done,do the border tax that will get the funds for the Wall. People are willing to help this happen. Many
Don't get discouraged the polls got it right for a change we would vote for u all over again Shame on the fake news channels Fox is the best
You've done nothing but lie, cheat, and fail. The media only reports the aftermath.
Let's see 1. Healthcare -FAIL 2. Tax Reform - Nothing 3. Travel Ban - FAIL
I don't see where the Press has anything to do with Your Failures
Mr. Trump. Humility and owning that you have not been able to back your overhyped claims about your first 100 days would go a long way.
Whine much?...you're like a child
You are ridulous and unhinged. Everything you do makes America worse. Your support for dictators and sexual predators is unconscionable.
Enjoy your last days in office
I guess that you have not figured out that it very sad to have our president on a constant whining jag. Pathetic!
You guys will never be happy just thank God or what ever you believe in that you don't live under dictatorship you spoiled brats
Mr president you are doing an amazing job. I don't believe a word the media says.
We should hope so...get out of our WH
Trump is right, what ever he does will not be enough for the M.S.M. These news people should be fined for every lie they tell.
Okay, but how many hole-in-ones did you get?
you've improved your golf swing in the first 100 days.
You remind me of a gun safety instructors that shoots himself in the foot.
You've vacationed and golfed more than anything.
Trump's accomplishments

 ObamaCare repeal
 Muslim Ban 1
 Muslim Ban 2
 Major legislation
 Label China currency manipulator
Don't forget the non existent cyber security plan!
Its a Terrible thing, I have excepted the last 8 years of Obama, these liberals just can't except it, But Mr Prsident God has a Hand in this
Everything you have accomplished has been bad for the country!
Please go away. Your childlike tweets are embarrassing the nation.#trumprussia #russiagate #clowninchief##CrookedGOP #TrumpRussia
.@1choice That is very true. The Fake News will be all negitive. As for me , it's Your 14th Friday. Keep up great work
All you have accumplished is ill will and embarrassment. BELIEVE ME
Crooked Donnie is now the lowest rated of modern day presidents coming into day 100! Not surprised as he lies and lacks credibility!
Excuse me #NutJob45, did I miss something? What exactly did you accomplish?  Oh wait, you did manage to divert attention from Russia-gate!
#Fight for US
Here you go! This report card will be a little easier to understand and help you focus on the basics:
Look! People are talking about your approval rating
You're the guy that keeps setting ridiculous benchmarks and missing them, dummy.
On hacking: "I will appoint a team to give me a plan within 90 days of taking office."

It's Day 91 today.
On ISIS: "They will have 30 days to submit to the Oval Office a plan for soundly and quickly defeating ISIS."

That was 83 days ago.
On illegal immigrants: "“Day one, my first hour in office, those people are gone."

That was 90 days ago.
On Obamacare: You said you would demand Congress "immediately deliver a full repeal" on day one.

That was 91 days ago.
Don't get me wrong: I'm glad you suck at instituting horrible ideas. But you can't set arbitrary deadlines, then say they don't matter.
.@realDonaldTrump- it's ok, we've got it covered. Who doesn't love winning!? Not tired of it, yet! Lets keep WINNING! #MAGA
*whining.
*whining
Whining about his #decomplishments

Obama thinks he can just laugh off the fact that he refuses to release his records to the American public. He can't.
Where are those taxes
My @POTUS FIRST 100 Days: Banned US non-govt organizations from receiving federal funds to provide abortions abroad PROMISE KEPT!!! #Life
My @POTUS FIRST 100 Days: Issued an Executive Action to strip federal  from sanctuary cities
Sanctuary cities have lower crime. I live in one and we like it this way. Dont tell cities whats best for them.
We see how much you've accomplished. You've done more in 100 days then Obozo did in 8 years besides Rome wasent built in a day. 
We got our lifetime appointed conservative Judge didn't we? To me, that was most important
When you say accomplish, you mean you fast-tracked Earth's demise, made U.S. an international punchline & wasted millions at Mar-a-Lago.
he is used "accomplish" in a satirical way I'm guessing. You know, to be funny.
The way we use "president".
Exactly, sometimes I say it in a figurative way
You have failed at everything so far, having achieved "the most failed first 100 days of any president” in history
You're such an incompetent assclown that you have the worst 100-day rating in history. It's amazing that your score is as high as 41%.
Did uc this?..Traitors
Report: Trump gave $10 million in Russian money to Jason Chaffetz when he leaked FBI letter http://www.palmerreport.com/opinion/10-million-chaffetz-trump-russia/2392/ …
Exactly..I'm soooo pissed if this is true!
Oh ya they are Flaunting it right in front of everyone...
You. Are. A. Failure. Only this time you're taking the whole country down with you.
You are talking about Obama? Right? The anti-American Secular Socialist? Trump is building US up again..
Well, consider the sources, President Trump.
WikiLeaks List Exposes At Least 65 Corporate ‘Presstitutes’ Who Colluded to Hide Clinton’s Crimes
Read more at
Remember Wikileaks emails prove the Left media colluded w/DNC & Hillary Clinton  to steal the election from the citizen voters of the U.S.A:
They'll stop colluding, but they will lose effectiveness:  New Email Leak - Clinton Campaign’s Press Relationship
Paul Joseph Watson Highlights Some WikiLeaks Discoveries The Media Will Not Cover…
THIS again? AP fact checks Trump’s take on Paris shooting, steps on ANOTHER reality rake:
Patriotic Americans are with you, 100% President Trump:
Keep dreaming.  The media reports the truth and you tell lies
Gettysburg 100 day contract between you and the American voters. IVanka Post office contract is different/illegal Nepotism
Truth hurts doesn't it!! You accomplished nothing and never will...
BTW these are The people not the media so grow up already
YOU drew up fake list of things YOU would accomplish in first 100 days. It was YOU and YOU did NONE of them.
DISASTER is the only comparison you have with the 911 ratings. SHAME ON YOU for using tragedy to fuel you ego.
still a looser  #sadlittleman
The first 100 days and nothing to show for it. Sad for America, very sad.
and no matter how little you have accomplished you will brag.  Step aside sir.  You are unfit to run a merry go round
lol you didn't do shit! 100 days in and you're the worst president America has ever had.
Trump, you set the standard for your 100 days, but you haven't accomplished anything. Well, you ate cake and played golf a lot

Okay, I am going to give u your kudos. Fastest tweeter ever
But your supporters remain steadfast and know the truth about the MSM--they don't report news any longer-just recite G.Soros' orders 2 the
Depression.  U started this u're self. No one made u do state it. Just u being u're normal A-hole self of being self absurdness as usual...
everything you've done shows you're hellbent on lining your own pockets and destroying the middle class
No tax cuts, no ACA repeal, no term limits, no lobby ban, No NAFTA reneg, didn't label China, Sanct cities still have funding...
Liberals trolls are using Trump's set backs caused by the resistance of the Democrats to bash Trump. How pathetic
If 100 days is such a ridiculous standard, then why did you release a 100 day plan? #SoCalledPresident #notmypresident #malignantnarcissism
Name some positives
Corey Lewandowski Defends Trump: 'He's the Greatest Deal-Maker Our Country's Ever Seen' #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I vote "A"
U R NOTHING BUT EVIL, U have done 0, just rake in money 4 yourself, waste taxpayer $$ on golf trips/Melania/bombs, & ruin America. YOU SUCK!
Hard to accomplish all those promises from your golf cart.
Muslim ban: Halted by courts. 
Trumpcare: Dead on arrival.
Tax reform: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Approval rating: Worst ever.
Oh, and ur under investigation
yes
No matter how much you screw up during this ridiculous circus you call an Administration, & it has been a lot, you always blame others.
CS at the cost of a nuclear option! DISGUSTING! BOZO!
Yeah you killed chidren, caused a war and nuclear attack, sold out our Country, stole the elections and US money with Russia, destroying USA
HEY ROBERT, !!!!
You promised multiple accomplishments! No one else did! Who knew governing would be so hard? Everyone but you!! Your Total lack of knowledge
Hey look who accomplished a lot more than you in the first 100 days:
Jimmy Carter's first 100 days..

Laws passed: 22
Executive orders: 16…
You haven't accomplished jack. That's why you're dismissing the milestone--it emphasizes your absolute incompetence, and threat to America.
Why do you continue to even mention the media? Do your job, get it done and stop fixating. If you did your job, media may leave you alone!
Here's your list of achievements in the first 100 days:
1. Appointed Judge Gorsuch
2. 
3. 
4. 
Should I go on? 
#impressive
#WeThePeople know your smokescreen ploys @realDonaldTrump. LEAST PRODUCTIVE First 100 days in recent presidential history. @usatoday
Accomplish something.  Then we'll talk.
It was your standard. You promised what your would do on day one and through day 100!
SC is the ONLY accomplishment.  EOs are nothing without legislation
Liberal media is a bunch of D-bags, keep hammering agenda, that's what matters to your supporters MAGA!
Loud arrogant boasting from the most inept @POTUS continues. You would do well to  resign.
Nobody believes you anymore. Probably ly not even you. It's ok, just stop lying and rebuilding our trust. I have faith in you. You're smart
You did accomplish more golf in 100 days than Obama managed in 8 years. You get a gold star.
But you were the one who said he would do all that stuff in 100 days... :/
You have done nothing but waste money and hurt Anerica. Shame.

Hey Dictator Don you made the campaign promises. Maybe too much influence from #PresidentBannon. He hates the USA & so does @realDonaldTrump
You did nothing, claimed credit for jobs Obama saved and lied, that's why.
The media needs to know that the standards  for you must be kept ridiculously low so as to accommodate your  so-called accomplishments.
step up for the majority of Americans.
you can't even accomplish a hole-in-one at your own freaking clubcountry  try doing something for the  U.S clown
only things U have done is 2 dismantle freedoms,crush vulnerable,violate women,present incoherence/ignorance/amorality 2 
The media...and the people you're supposed to be representing.  No not those in the suits...the PEOPLE that live and work here!
So true! Mainstream media is being controlled by some liberal society that needs to be stopped! Fox News is all I watch! #MSMbiase
All you've done is embarrass the country. I would say you've embarrass yourself, but obviously you have no shame.
maybe you shouldn't have pushed the 100 day action plan so hard. Since you've done nothing but lie.
It was the corner stone of your hyperventilating at all the rallies! "MY FIRST HUNDRED DAYS" now your achilles heel.
No, true media outlets won't "kill" anything you have already killed. But @FoxNews will brew up some bogus accomplishments on your behalf!

BREAKING: US judge blocks Trump order to cut off funding to cities that limit cooperation with immigration authorities.
You mean ONLY the S. C.? Your FIRST 100 DAYS.  EPIC FAIL.  You did NOTHING! Which since I HATE any of your plans, I am happy about it!
How about i explain this so even you understand " u are a very big fail. Nobody knows failing like u. Fake tweets, chicago, obama,hillary.
"Only I can do it"Do u at least remember the lies that u've told?A misogynistic megalomaniac dullard with Alzheimer's jeopardizes our future
you really have not done jack.  Seriously
Just relax.  It's only a precedent every us president has been held to.  Nbd
What have you accomplished
Actually you build nothing. You brought only destruction.
You have 4 yrs and hopefully 8 to accomplish everything. Great job.
They have their reasons apparently.
It effects their effectiveness.
Excuses for losing already?
No, your doing it all by yourself, your killing this great nation, by not knowing what the he'll your doing! Impeach!
https://www.donaldjtrump.com/contract   I remember reading this in great detail. It was your best received speech, yet it never mentions the ridicule.
joke. Canada should have a referendum on a 24% tariff on hydro, oil and water used or shipped to or used by the USA. how does that sound?
Ridiculous standard? You bloviated to us about how easy & accomplished you'd be & thus far we've seen nothing of note! #First100Days
We are behind you. Keep pushing
Yet you mentioned over and over what you would do in the first 100 days AND had a 100 day plan which you haven't accomplished.
I do not know what you are taking that makes you SOOO out of touch with reality, but your 100 days is a DISASTER #resist
It is not media sir, it is you. You are the poorest excuse for a president I have seen in my 65 years. Unlike many I have paid attention.
Your doing more than we could expect with all the swamp negativity to your Presidency. Keep going and Thanks
I have accomplished nothing.
Seems you have become less and less understandable. A sign of a breakdown?
You've not done a damn thing for the American People. You've just lined your own pocket and helped out your rich "friends".
I support you but my sister disowned me . I am going to miss her but I will never agree with her either.
Why not hold an actual news conference to answer questions about your first 100 days?
Like a plate spinner out of control. All promises get touched, but they're flying off, breaking, and the routine is just falling apart.
Just keep tweeting, media is making fools of themselves.
We all thought it was RIDICULOUS WHEN YOU bragged about what you would do in the first 100 days.  It was YOUR list.
Take your time, this isn't a race. 100 days means nothing anyway.
WHAT IT RIDICULOUS TO YOU, IT MATTER TO THE US CITIZENS

#First100Days  

This short video shows some of the executive orders #PresidentTrump signed in his first #100Days. 

…
You've done nothing but make this country regress. The media is just finally doing their fucking jobs (although they could do better )
Media will kill........ too bad not literally.
you won't accomplish much except being the absolute WORST president ever! Doesn't matter how many days
All he does is pump out EO and Play golf and he acts like he is doing something he only cares about himself and his family Worst president
You haven't accomplished anything. Too busy golfing at your resort w/ tax payer money.
you are doing a fantasic job we believe in you
I don't think your critics pray but they just don't know they are not doing their job. Love Ya.
Your doing great POTUS we are not weak # we fight we win
Bomb that ass they are begging for it so feed it to them#MOAB #WE FIGHT WE WON
YOU'RE the one that set the 100-day benchmark to start with! Now you're complaining about it?? Holy Moses. 
the people that matter know ignore the haters angry little trolls
