Yuppers this guy perjured himself big time,under oath saying no attempt to influence! & if Trump did try he had a sworn duty to report it!
wow.  If you think anyone believes your liar in chief over someone with integrity?
Wow, Mueller's doing a great job of finding the "witches." 

#Obstruction #MoneyLaundering #Treason #Conspiracy #MuellerTime
If you think it's a hunt now, wait till Mueller gets a hold of @potus @IvankaTrump and @jaredkushner tax returns.
https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2017-05-31/senior-justice-official-said-to-jump-to-russia-probe-team … .@realDonaldTrump Did you see who just joined Mueller's team? The investigation is broadening.
.@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @IvankaTrump @jaredkushner Did you see Mueller added another top criminal attorney? http://m.nationallawjournal.com/#/article/1202789177543/4?_almReferrer=https:%2F%2Ft.co%2FGYablLYL8n%3Famp%3D1 …
Did you see who Mueller just added? Hmmm, I wonder what he'll find. Worried yet?
Hey moron... you are so screwed!! And, we all love it!!!
No my President. No lying Pig ever could be.
Why do you call your self a witch
It's treason Donald what they're trying to do to ya.theyre just low life's bro.I would focus in on Obama.hes the one doing this.
You're right, all we really have to do is dunk you in water to see if you float.....wait, shit floats.
I think you mean "which" Trump will be indicted first.  WHICH NOT WITCH .
behind you all the way President Trump
Hey bro happy birthday love ya and many more to come.
This has ALL been pre-arranged. Clinton/Bush/Obama henchmen very busy. How much,Carter Page? How much?
...case against him &amp; now wants to clear his name by showing "the false or misleading testimony by James Comey, John...
It's not a witch hunt... it's #covfefe
Democrats would rather see this country FAIL, than have President Trump SUCCEED!!   Shameful, Unhinged, Hysterical, HATEFUL Democrats!!
#Covfefe #covfefe #covfefe stop tweeting stop tweeting stop tweeting
Fake news
...and the day started so well too. FeelsBadMan
Total covfefe!
Democrats are losers...
Nope, it's a COVFEFE hunt and YOU'RE IT
Why is Breitbart considered real news? Is it because Steve Bannon has his fist up your ass?
FAKE PRESIDENT!
A witch hunt thought you were gonna say covfefe hunt
It's time everyone tells the truth including you.
We stand by the man we elected. Thank you for your service Mr. President.
Great! You can go to jail with him too.
total witch hunt they are fake news!
Let's see those taxes, comrade Brunhilda.
@JamesComeyFBI has been in the back pocket of the Clinton's since 1996 & been doing their dirty work for decades! John Brennan is dirty! 
Why does it take you 10 minutes between tweets? Please see a real Dr. You seem to be experiencing old age dementia, really, serious
#Trump supporters reinforce the stereotype that Americans are stupid.
We are intelligent enough not to vote for Hillary Clinton.
Now if you could only figure out how to load a pic from your phone.
Just thinking the same thing, can't help but notice Trump supporters don't show their faces much, either shame or embarrassment..
Those that don't show their faces fear the violent backlash of the #LiberalLunatics. Their instability is quite worrisome.

Check out @KimDotcom's Tweet:
Must read. The Russia story is the biggest propaganda con in US history and Americans are increasingly believing it, without any evidence. https://twitter.com/zerohedge/status/868654840783785986 …
John Brennan was the one that started this investigation trying to cover up their abuses spying on the American people
So, you disagree with every intelligence agency who says Russia violated our sovereignty?  Why do you hate America?
#Poll: Do you agree with Trump that this is a witch hunt?
Remember what you said before James Comey was a honorable man who did his job efficiently did a great job on the Hillary probe, now he sucks

Spreading wider by the day.  All that #Covfefe causes  "emotional eating."
All about power and the whiny pussies that lost and can't get over it.
This is a strategy hatched by Podesta and Mook. Detailed nicely in the book #Shattered
Trump's counterpunching is not effective. He needs new material. Offense. Like tortoise and hare, liberals running circles media leaks.
I really, really want to go back to the #covfefe tweets ... please
Trump was on  his hair pills hard or drunk on the 1.2 Billon Gold Gifts #SaudiArabia Owns trump
It's pretty disappointing when you can tweet out something like "covfefe" and it gives me a glimmer of hope that you're not crazy.
He's just messing with the media n left wing libs. He's way to smart for u people. Lol #MAGA
*sigh* Dude, maybe. I don't even know what's real anymore.
what did he tweet?
Trump "doesn't really believe it… He just knows Republicans are stupid and they'll buy it." - Jared Kushner 
http://www.gq.com/story/jared-kushner-trump-base-ny-observertt …
What was that story? I get a 404 but want to read it.

Thanks, man!
The very idea of putting a microphone in front of Carter Page should scare the shit out of you.

As funny as the popcorn gif is...it's extremely disheartening it represents the state of our nation.
The swiftness of so many people responding to @realDonaldTrump's tweets astounds me. I wonder how many are just waiting 24/7 for the chance.
Heard of notifications? It's a thing.
I think he was implying that.. waiting 24/7 for NOTIFICATION of @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS tweets. It is pathetic.
Let me tell you about something about  notifications that'll blow your mind - you don't wait for them, they just ping in, like magic. 
Another foreigner with a miserable life and nothing better to do. How are those poor victims in Manchester doing? Focus on that!
Pretty dark of you to mention Manchester victims. But to be fair, we expect no less from people who voted for Trump. Stay classy.
What's dark is your sticking your nose where it doesn't belong while having little girls blown up by a damned lunatic! Focus on your own ppl
I think you'll find the behavior of (arguably) the most powerful man in the world affects us in the world as well.
Praying for you @realDonaldTrump #MadeInTheUSA
Maybe you should want less social programs, and want to work harder to improve yourself.
So now Comey is a liar?
Because months ago you and yours thought he was the bestest.
Troll
James Coney is not only twice the mantrump is. But he's also honest,where trump is just a Lying Pig.
Comey is clearly a traitor who should be locked up. I wish @realDonaldTrump much strength. The circus of false news and accusations must end
Hmm
How do you know if he is innocent or guilty if you never really dealt with him? How do you know he isn't a witch?
You seem to be going pretty far out there to protect Carter Page!
Carter Page? Where've ya been man, he's loonnggg gone! Btw, what size tin foil hat do you wear 
Trump is the one bringing up Carter Page sweetheart

OMG ewwww!
How disrespectful and treasonous.
Look Jim Cunty, I don't think you know the definition on treasonous. I bet Trump's pic is next to it @MerriamWebster
Last I read, Page wrote a letter to the House Intelligence Committee demanding to be allowed to testify to them.
So you have some information that Democrats are trying to keep Page from testifying to this Committee?
Yeah, Dems put him on permanent hold from testifying
Any links to this info? Why wouldn't they want him to testify?
Because he says he can prove they presented false info to FISA court.
But wasn't Carter Page the alleged reason they started looking into Russian collusion w/Trump? Wasn't he their excuse 4 going 2 FISA court?
BINGO.
Why would they have ANY interest in actually letting him testify under oath?  There's no upside in it.
Maxine Waters is going to look even more ridiculous than she already does once this witch hunt is over  
https://twitter.com/pamela_moore13/status/869620961527648256 …
Fox News? Ooh really...where is the link?
Oh, did you think another network would air WikiLeaks?  get real 
Wait, are leaks good again this week? I get so confused? Did they at least state who leaked from WikiLeaks?
How is life in douscheland? 
Good thank you, and are you having a pleasant day?
Absolutely
DT, come out, come out, wherever U r. Have Press Conf, answer the questions the American people want answered. Ur buddies @ FOX will b there
Time is the one that gave the Diet Coke and two scoop scoop. Not incredibly informative on policy issues.
And don't forget when he mentioned having that Beautiful  Choc Cake while telling how he bombed Iraq. Oops, sorry, Syria
No hater point. I was agreeing with you. Told you I don't hate anyone or anything; wasted emotion. Don't use that word like some people.
you sure are paying Russia back!  You know they will probably still release your tape.
why is every decision you make bad for us but good for Russia?  Of course you should do what Flynn promised.
Most of "we the people" have been connecting the dots for years and know you and those surrounding you are being targeted non stop. #MAGA
is that why you asked every agency to stop investigation?  The problem with never telling the truth?  You have 0 credibilit
Awww, poor Donny. Little boys who never grew up need to learn treason has consequences. You're not persecuted, you're guilty. #trumprussia
Wow keep doing what u r doing mr.pres.most of us on your side!!please jail leakers and hillary!
Sorry. You're not going to kill this one by crying about a judge's ethnic heritage, big guy. Doesn't work that way here.
YOU ARE A WITCH!
#punypresident
It will all be over soon, #BenedictTrump. You'll be escorted out in handcuffs. #comeymemo #kremlingate #Impeachment
STOP WHINING!
Comey lost my respect for not convicting Clinton ?  Wow !
Hehe! (I love the Gadsden parodies lol) ;)
Covfefe?
Covfefe
I wouldn't call Comey or Brennan a liar.
.@realDonaldTrump, I live in a rural, largely Republican community. You've lost most support here. We are planning huge impeachment party.
you are an embarrassment.
You sound scared. All roads lead to RICO, broke in prison. I love a happy ending. #ImpeachTrump #Traitor  #PutinCockholster
You already fired him so now he can speak freely. Truth will come out. I know if it's against you it must be fake. " Warlock Hunt"
The truth is being covered by the left and MSM.
Sheep
They change their minds with the shifting of the wind. First, he's guilty but they don't want to hear the evidence that proves it or NOT!
Witch hunt hmm I get your uncomfortable but geez  It will all come out it always! I love my  however you did make promises remember
...we all know that's only something you would do, so is that why you think others would? Comey and Brennan, are honorable men, something...
agam u are calling yourself a witch
I'm a lefty and I agree....
You can't clear your name. YOU ARE A CROOK
Comey is telling the truth and you sir are headed to PRISON for corruption and treason
Wah cry baby
Singing to your obedient base.
Caught like a rat in a trap . Can't lie or exaggerate your way out of this !!!!!
It's not a witch hunt it's a covfefe.  #covfefe
And the witch hunt will get you and your pathetic family
Time to Resign. Traitor.
You realize your loosing. Had to get a bunch of bots on your side.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Whoever you are. Just shut up and let the investigation go where it goes. Methinks thou doth protest too much.
You need to call your meeting with Comey executive privilege To stop the slanderous outcome that are sure to come by the lefts agenda by all
You can't stop the truth...
May YOU be burned at the stake!
Looks like you are involved in corruption
Witch hunt?  Then you better watch out for flying houses! 
In Trump speech witch hunt = oh shit the truth is going to come out, must distract the people
Dude, get real. No one believes a word u say.
Is there ANY DECENCY in YOU!!!???  AT Least IS There a BOTTOM to the depth of YOUR lack of HONOR? Must you SLIME EVERYONE in your orbit?
you do know that Russia doesn't respect you?  They like that you put them first, but they laugh at your stupidity.
#Russia is going to be your downfall
@realDonaldTrump has our country being blackmailed by Russia because of his dirty deals with Putin.
Deep state is after your hide. two hides gone already. control them or your next.
Be Prez, and stick with America's sweetheart- Ivanka!

YOU are scared shitless aren't you! Hope you get locked up!
#trumpisfat
Define "excoriated" before I believe this is actually Trump posting...
You're as guilty as the day is long
I can't wait to hear Comey's testimony.  Youre so screwed @realDonaldTrump
bwahahahahahh!  You made my day with that hilarious tweet.
Comey is honest, You not so much witch hunt was against Clinton for years showing no wrong doing. You on the other hand collusion is treason
#impeach #dump
the more the propagandist lie , slander and dump on trump,  the more we like the guy..
Sir, ye shall know the truth and the truth shall set you free. Let the truth come into the light of day. No one is ever harmed by the truth.
Putting it in "quotes" doesn't make you less quilty... You are a traitor to this Country. #Treason
As you have done in the past jerk off
Can't wait to see your Impeachment Hearings. They're going to be fabulous!
Trump's tweet is the desperate thrashing about of a guilty man who is cornered. #TrumpCrimeFamily #NoWayOut
You're going down!
Hey Jules, your fake mustache looks shady to me. Do you dislike Optus because he's taking welfare away from u?
You're getting nervous, blaming others again. 
You have reason to be..
Oooo there's those "scary quotes" again.
Comey hasn't testified yet, so how can you say it is false/misleading?
Always obstructing
You're going to be proven a liar.  The problem is that your delusional followers won't care.
Doesn't matter Putin's girlfriend is testifying and they have the goods on you.  So Sad but prison orange is your color.
...Now, if you are not guilty of all of the things you are being accused of, then why act so paranoid and defensive? ...
Tiny hands you are going DOWN
Ha! Nice try, but your deflections aren't working. Trump/Russian collusion is the big story and you'll be going down.
You don't get it. They will defend their honor with the truth. You will not come out on the good end of this one.
You are scared of the truth that is why you say everything is fake. Look in the mirror and you will see fake. Comey will reveal the truth.
You are a criminal and at some point will pay for it. If you are a "true" Christian (snicker) you know that you will pay some day some way
Let the dunking begin
"If any man tells you he loves America, yet hates eating ass, he is a liar"
-Abraham Lincoln
...Good thing trump has Comey taped on conversations, so he can contradict his misleading testimony. Or is this just another LIE?
An idiot might tweet this not realizing it makes him look guilty, a guilty person tweets this in desperation. Which are you?
Liar liar pants on fire, Trump's stuck in a real quagmire, Russialago, Pussylago, Trumpcarelago too, Rants and raves on Twitter now, toodloo
Well if that's what you keep calling it, I guess if the shoe fits!
Russia interference required a level of sophistication that could only come from US accomplices. No coincidences. #AccidentalPresident
Sounds good sick,, doesn't surprise me
Boo hiss . Poor form dude . Men are innocent until proven guilty . That's ironic huh ? Or lucky for you .
Your son-in-law is going to jail, Donnie.
complainer in chief
Stop dishonoring people u didn't like it from KG. Grow up and act like a adult.
Oh sweetie, its nice that you think that. Maybe if you had 2 brain cells to rub together u would understand the nuances of the investigation
滚犊子
Ever do or know nothing of. LOVE OF COUNTRY!
Let our president lead

You dealt your own hand. Nobody made you all corrupt but yourselves
Hillary should go to jail. I am so thankful Trump won legitimately and is our President. He is unravelling the past 8 years of anti-America
Such a pathetic person
Down to 8 mins to finish a tweet, you're almost getting there
Boo hoo, boo hoo, boo hoo.
