Mr. Trump you are the best President this country has ever had. Period. End of discussion. Mike drop.
Beautiful address Mr. President. Thank you for your strong outreach to the African American community.
I think you need to make a choice it's either your weekly address or your personal Twitter account.
is it just me or does the phrase "President Donald Trump" still look like a joke from @TheSimpsons ?
At this point it's more like a scary Twilight Zone episode. Any moment I expect Rod  ....
if FDR's fireside chats were like this, people would've hurled themselves into fireplaces by the millions...
LMFAO
A man died because @realDonaldTrump refused to put sprinklers in Trump Tower. 
 Now he is YOUR defender. 
 Feeling safe?
 https://www.cbsnews.com/news/trump-tower-fire-second-2018-blaze-in-sprinkler-free-residence/ … February 25 12:12

Sorry Mr.President don't do FakeBook. http://psychicnews.wordpress.com/2016/05/10/dec …
Nobody wants to read your shitty blog you don't even have a domain for.
And you're domain is located near Bullstreet and plain bs.
So he is your neighbor?
But I thought your address was fixed? The White House? I hope so - that's where I've been sending the ricin....
You should be ashamed for that statement. Pray for you.
Thanks for that, love, but I'm pretty sure God's on my side on this one.
.. a serious mental health initiative to help these trolls become human again, & more importantly again
#CPAC
God bless you @POTUS for your obvious love of all Americans, even all the trolls. I do think we might need..
Make a god Job
meh
no spelling or grammatical errors, congrats
how does an incompetent fool become President of the US. Oh yeah, with Russia's help.
I know someone else wrote this because it has no spelling errors
Same shit, new week.
.@realDonaldTrump How about you let the media do its job?
.@realDonaldTrump First weekend in a month Trump isn't taking a vacation. Wow.
I doubt it
They hate the fact that President Obama had intelligence, Integrity, Class,
WHO CARES
shouldn't that read "Weakly Address.."?

no thanks, how about you stop shitting all over the first amendment
Joshua 1:8
Keep this Book of the Law always on your lips; meditate on it day and night, so that you may [1/2]
And remember that the letter of the law without God's Spirit of love is quite dead and deadly.
.@realDonaldTrump shocking you didn't run away to Florida at our expense this weekend
Yeah, like Obama ran away to Cuba and Hawaii at your expense..
no thanks
afraid of having to answer questions?!?
Trump is doing an amazing job so far. 
Excellent work so far, Mr. President.
Trump TRAIN CONSERVATIVES growing in massive amount as U keep ur promises 
sorry..i don't CARE about people that restrict information to the press!
Very fake news. Bigly fake news. Huge fake news. Russian ties? Anything? You and your family? Nothing? Sad!

delete your account.
what took you guys so long
fake news.
you seem to be triggered enough to tweet your anger every time trump posts
damn Donald, you're thick *raises glasses*
did you find this pic cute?
The DOW has been climbing since March 2009 — all thanks to Trump's 37 days in office! http://on.mktw.net/2mvWxsC 


#FakeNews, failing, most Americans disapprove - SAD!
We'll see come elections in 2 and 4 years!





Maybe leftists in Dem party will stop taking money from Wall Street. BHO & HRC were funded by them.
While that sucks it's better than loans from Russian oil barons & banks n'est-ce pas?
Much worse than your fake statement is Hillary taking $$ for 25% of US uranium to Russia.
fake news
More ppl show up to Obama getting coffee than your rally
no thanks I'd rather watch #goldengirls on @hulu 
I love Golden Girls!
me too!
I've seen the episodes of Golden Girls so much that I know many of them by heart! 
#GoldenGirls is the only thing that takes my mind off this trainwreck. @hulu
...or you could watch SNL!  Libs swear by it.
I definitely watch SNL but that's not much of an escape. :)
I’ll just flip over to @CNN and get analysis of your weekly address there. Then I’ll read about it tomorrow in @nytimes.
And then you won't know anything.
Weekly Address from @WhiteHouse: http://45.wh.gov/Z6FYHt  ...
,failure and chief
Make America Gag Alot
if your gaging , it's not on Trump's coice ....lmao
sorry I meant voice...
while you're correcting typos, you also meant "gagging"
And "you're" while we're at it
SHOTS FIRED, Y'ALL!  

Thread made my day.
Betsy DeVos is really making an impact.
the whole country instantly became English teachers.
we are Making America Great Again one issue at a time!
You are destroying America one race, one scandal, one lie, one corruption at a time.
Good job Mr President. I am praying for you.
Pls just keep ur good work and  who ever that  is not  ready should pls resign
@fantodise1976 @WhiteHouse more like weekly bull

No. His was a hard-fought battle. He Won!
U r doing exactly what u said u would do! And ppl still complain? My eyes r wide open! Great job! MAGA!
Obama did exactly what he said he would. Did you complain about him?
Sooooooo ... what topics will President Trump cover in his weekly address?  Let’s try to guess ….
… will he talk about his ties to Russia and Putin???  Probably not
… will he talk about the horrors from Sweden and Bowling Green???  Probably not
fuck your weekly address.
no one's forcing you to be on his Twitter. Leave anytime or get a job. Hobby?
No. I chose to tweet him. Like the way you choose to tweet me. You too can leave anytime or get a job. Hobby?
that's not true. Michael D Higgins is a great president.
You are scared of us finding out you colluded with Russia. We already know because you work so hard to try to distract us.
what do you gain by this? Either he is in bed w Russia, bad Trump. or isn't, bad Trump he could cause a war
Just have a heart attack already. Please.
but let a transgender Muslim from Mexico perform CPR
You know they would be killed right??
Where's the LIBERAL Outrage? #Frauds

Muslim calls a NYC TV station 2 say, “We believe ALL homosexuals should be beheaded” #ProtectTransKids 
There were a bunch of Christians down here saying they should be burned 2death
to stupid
FREEDOM OF THE PRESS
I have to sign into Facebook to view this.  I would.....but.....ya.....
nope not watching. Lies, nothing but lies, so sad.
are you going to take us down crazy man lane again or just tell us fake tweets you wrote? Let me count the lies
another breakdown,anal leakage of the mouth address..nah I will pass I know what you will spew again anyways..
Our weekly dose of lies & foolery. Can't wait! 
WH web site is absolutely useless. It use to be awesome!
I'd rather stick needles in my eyes than listen to your nasty voice
hello saya asli indonesia
.
does it EVER ever cross your mind that your family is sooooo embarrassed ALL THE TIME BY YOU
I assumed this was weekly SNL Cold Open preliminary announcement. It sure will be now #SNLtrump.
@icu_angels @WhiteHouse we are tired of the crazy
then be quiet dingbat
you are not my President
The weekly summary...
https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2017/feb/25/trump-russia-fbi-white-house-priebus?CMP=share_btn_tw …
WHOLE WORLD HATING AMERICA
Why?? Fake President.
weekly address, more like fake news from a fake president who won with Putin's help.
you thin skinned wimp show up to the corespondents dinner. Worst president ever!
So you have to advertise your weekly address? Ha ha that is hilarious! #LiarInChief #showurtaxes #Trumprussia
totally fake speech
Keep up the good work. We love you. Mr. Trump.
let's guess?? PRIME TIME? what a NARCISSIST! BOYCOTT...unless it's Alex Baldwin.
More fake news!
the courts. I think by viewing my situation (which is similar to countless others) the govt as a whole can be properly
where was obamas name... couldn't bring yourself to acknowledge his contributions..
No Oscar for you
why not address the nation on the pressing issue of your dick not being able to get erect? #trumpsdickdontwork
Fake news. Is this an #SNL skit? Donald Trump=Loser
Did President Bannon write it?
your doing a great job. Thank you Mr. President.
#russia
Not watching another campaign speech. Show us your tax returns, Give us specifics, and show respect.
Should be WEAKLY since it is twisted, corrupted, pus laden dishonest Donny and his drunk and dissolute minions
Good. What a big job you have.
...plus a fast light Train, Similar to Orlando Dysney Trains, around the Island. The political system could. .
You continue to do a great job Mr. President! Thank you!!
Now that's #fakenews
here we go folks... another bullshit filled , gobbledygook ranting , at LiarPalooza fest. #IncompetentBuffoon
You are definitely an inspiration to march for justice! #MakeAmericaThinkAgain #FakePresident
@POTUS even dicks MO is the same MO you're using don. Tricky don...nope doesn't sound the same as tricky dick 
In under 6 weeks you have desecrated the office of the President of the U.S. and the White House....
in other words .... blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah.  #IllegitimatePresident
sounds boring
- Nobody cares - all lies - fake news - fake president.
Blocking the crazy liberals paid by Obama!
What? How stupid do you have to be to believe paid protesters? There are millions of us!
what a waste of the air waves
..could be like the Commonwealth that exists between Canada and  UK. Problem solved! Puerto Rico has  gone trou
I would sooner eat dirt than listen any lies you spout!!!!
Isn't that, "Weakly Address?" Or maybe that's referring to the location of his weekly vacation.
God bless you Mr.President Trump. ...!
@nbcsnl The weekly address...I'll just wait for the better version on SNL.
#thankyoutrump #GodBlessyouandkeepyou & #GodBlessAmerica !
Can't wait..
It will be filled with the usual drama from the drama queen himself. Drama,drama,drama!
. Thanks for the warning!
No word yet on the Kansas white Christian racist attack? how is that ban going?
Keep it short and sweet from here on out Facts only factsLove you as my president. No more about fake news
with the moral and humane standards claimed and set forth in its Constitution. That's it Mr Pres. in a nutshell. Oh in case
I imagine this will sound like Charlie Brown's teacher, just a bunch of garbled nonsense.
Glad to hear you oppose fake news.  You can end it.  Shut up. #TrumpShamesUS
By the way, release your complete tax records.
dt looks FOOLISH&SILLY as always. know how we can tell when hes lying? when dt repeats himself 3x in 1 thought.
 
Presidents address has been written on the back of his underpants if he gets lost please return to Putin!

oh no! Who is cutting your videos? It shouldn't start 2:30 seconds in. & There are typos in the captions. 
No need to watch this.   Nothing out of the White House is accurate anymore.
MR PRESIDENT, please set up YOUR TV NEWS NETWORK and speak to AMERICA daily. Put MSM out of the lying business!
you don't know how to read, do you....
unwatchable
And the other 50% of your problems is Reince Preibus. He has his own agenda and it not the same as yours sir.
@WhiteHousesuggestion: talk about the future,i.e., tax reform, health care.  NO FAKE NEWS, NO ELECTORAL COLLEGE VOTES.
thank you Mr President our prayers and gratitude 
Is he changing addresses every week?
No wonder the American people are so up in arms about his living expenses
is there a way to flush this down the toilet?
typical Hilary sore looser
Why bother watching, just replay ANY of his speeches from the last year....
滚犊子
you mean another drump pity party boo hoo hoo you're breakin my heart
"President Donald Trump" What a joke.
Don't care.  Not listening.
Sorry, don't do a Facebook!
you are great man, you do what you promises , maybe best president of all times in Finland we love you
GO TRUMP/PENCE TRAIN...You nailed it!!
sry, unable attend. As lifelong Republican consider Amdmt1 critical. As adult can't bide childish. Wait 4policy
Only interested in solid policy from Cabinet. You& ur constant stream of drama & lies are going SPAM fr now on
I served to make my country strong, u just want to tare it apart and sell it to high bidder
You going to campaign again? You won the election, get on with business. Why do you need the praise? ego?
I'm getting tired of asking. But still waiting to see your taxes...and we can expect them when?
Saw this and appreciate your willingness to be honest and informative with all of us.  God bless you and yours!
The correct spelling is "weakly"
Weekly Address from @WhiteHouse: http://45.wh.gov/Z6FYHt  
I don't listen, U lie about so much U have no value to over 73 Million Americans when you speak.
Wonder how many lies @realDonaldTrump will spew this time? @WhiteHouse

Communist agenda. Defender of Russia. Stop maligning US press. #actlikeapresident
I  Refuse to read it.  It's useless diatribe his editing room creates through alternative facts.
