HIS SON SHOULD BE GIVING UP THE $100,000.00 HE IS MAKING FOR A STUPID SPEECH DOWN THERE TO THE PEOPLE INSTEAD OF PUTTING IT IN HIS POCKET

Keep golfing and running your ridiculous agendas.
Mayor said you dragged your feet.  No help from you.  FEMA bad.
Porcodio
#FAKENEWS™
Lie!
#Arrogant #Uncaring #Racist #Tyrannical #Unfair #Sexist #Communist #Greedy #Dishonest #Cynical #Untrustworthy #Explosive #Dangerous #Moron
Aside from P.R. - I don't know what OUR country would do without you.   2 terms please!
Something needs to be done about Californias sanctuary state law that Gov. Brown is putting into law
Liar!  UR leaving them helpless!  All U do is debase these people. They need help and u refuse to do anything about it?Yet U praise URself
The vp should worry about Puerto Rico not the players in NFL
As long as you’re happy with your feedback, I’m sure everything will be okay for the people of Puerto Rico. #blessed
Get help!
If only they can vote!
Slap yourself on the back and say “helluva job, Donnie!”
It's so sad to see how much you need praise and attention. FFS!  You're a 70 year old man. Act like one.  If you can't, #Resign
What is with this guy? Did he not get enough praise as a kid?
How's the golfing
LMFAO!
He's doing pretty well thanks.
No shit they're devastated, hurry tf up and do something mr president
This is so embarrassing.
Not to mention their POS leaders on island.  Thank God for the Trump.
你说呢？嗯？
Please shut up on go away!
As a puertorrican living in PR I have to say either the governor is a liar or you are lying, food is not getting to its destination in time
Sandy como 6ñmk
DISHONEST sociopathic Mafioso wanna be

The only thing you do care about is how good you look, well so sad, you could not look good if you had a full make over!
Cannot believe you blamed the people of Puerto Rico for their problems. You are so ignorant of the situation. Do you know how to care.
#moronDon #sad #dumbasaTrump #dumpsterfire  Hey you, YOU'RE LATE AGAIN! #NotMyPresident
Resign
You suck
You're a LIAR! #FAKEPOTUS
Thank you Mr president, we appreciate your help
#WorstPresidentEver
Good thing it wasn't a real hurricane like Katrina right
Thanks to you, they now have a roll of paper towels!  #PuertoRico
They don't pay fed taxes but ridicule us for supposedly not being there quick enough, typical lib position.
You should be doing more then tweet about this urgent matter you are a presedint after all
Oh you are so great #45! NOT NOT NOT
Your doing a Fantastic Job! Keep doing what you do Sir!
Avoid Fake Media and H8'ers!!!
Yeah
"great job"is the kind of vacuous thing you would say, and you say it often, and it is most often a meaningless expression, like it is here.
Thank you for undertaking such a massive, unprecedented effort in wake of these natural disasters. Keep fighting those who wish for misery.
Ha!
https://youtu.be/KQ35xjZIuHM 
Did you just realize this before or after your golf weekend? US citizens on a US territory, you're pathetic, then you lie about it all!
Trust trump
You are a very sad person
Considering the amount of time it took/is taking for help, it is not a great response from the government for assistance.
GoI away
That is what my. President does.

https://youtu.be/_H-mLjhvGyw 
Mr. Trump sincerely condoles to your grief. Russians are mourning you. Heal all the injured.
Hi
We are proud of you,Mr President!
And u as well are doing a great job! Thank u for all you do!
Governor will say anything to get help for his people. We'll hear the truth when the crisis is past.
Great opportunity to create modern new, innovative infrastructure and community.
Who cares the world goes on it doesn't stop for whiny people that need to solve their own problems


True
Yeah, no electricity....hence, probably not aware of your so called fake news then, right?  Must be pissed from living their truths?!
Here is the video of this crooked mayor who PRAISED the release of a terrorist that Obama pardoned!!
You can't be too concerned about Puerto Rico. You haven't sent it personal a/p with aid.
The 1st responders are saying your admin is failing. Stop lying. u'll never be a leader because you have zero empathy. You're just a conman.
Maybe you can bring back the bankruptcy law and win back millions of Puerto Rican's
pledge allegiance to the Donald or your career is toast

District 2 is devastated. Comms system, power grid many roads, gone. Peacekeepers are amazing. Mayor said "great job!"
Stop tweeting dude I want you as my president but you keep this up I don't know how long you'll be
I love you Trump. Dont let them turn you into a PET!
Liar
liar in chief why don't you stop and do your job
Protestants celebrating 500th anniv of Reformation which took church back to Bible Let's have US Reformation back to Constitution Thx POTUS
Donald trump...loser.
praying for all affected.
You did NOTHING! Don’t take credit for the people that are actually there helping. You couldn’t help, you don’t even know how to change a 
Wow! Ooooooh want a sticker? Come on, admit you want a sticker. You did such a great job so next time you go to the dr, you get a .
@ts19001 Soooo nice to have a president talk direct to the peopl instead of the muted lib loon media.
Probably just kissing your ass for more help. You are a baby in adult clothes. Nobody takes you seriously.
That’s more fake news from you. Governor never said that. How about helping instead of lying. So sad. Failing and losing. Dreadful.
sad you can't fiqure this out before
They let their country fall http://apart.Now  they wonder why they are having trouble now.
Did you just wake up!
so, the military can set all that up on an island in a week. What's your excuse? You forgot to give the order!
Yes the first responders do a great job and you should have deployed relief efforts much earlier.
U shld be bringing these ppl & all impacted Americans to stay in ur resorts & hotels. A decent American President would!!!
Karma is a bitch!   How was your GOLF GAME?
Trump and Staff can quit spending Taxpayer  $$$ on transportation due to selfish piss poor planning, no wonderTrump declared bankruptcy +++
Are you sure?
We give PR $21 Billion every year, why is their electric grid and infrastructure such an antiquated mess! #DemocratCorruption!
#trumpskatrina
The 1st responders may be doing a great job but you're not!  Stop tweeting and golfing and get a massive airlift going now!

Do you like the feeling of his nose up your ads?
How can the democrat new media feed them fake news when they don't have power!
You haven't a clue
Mr. President. I can help there..I have a CDL CLASS A

And mayor said you suck...of course you agree with  “Ricky”. You rude SOB. Ricardo is his name. Cannot sayit. Obviously
Lay off our President Dad.  It was a hurricane.  They are almost never caused by a sitting US president.  Personally, I blame Carter.
Resign.

Are you a psychopath?
Who is Trump's base?
A day late and a dollar short Mr "president "
Bullshit!!!! They say you're treating them horribly......now this is truly "FAKE NEWS!"
Golfing cost - 70 million - what a crook
You empty suit - people dying while you play a second rate game of golf
They are doing a great job.... And if you had been a good leader they would have been prepared more than 2 weeks ago and done last week.
Go fuck ivanka mother fucker i r sucb an ass hole
Liar, liar pants on fire. Shame on you.
Do they have ways to charge there cell phone with out electrical power
That Mayor Sucks
"The governor never said great job!
Jerk
Trump disparages suffering San Juan mayor and Puerto Rican Americans from the comforts of his golf club today.
Fake news, and lies ... like everything else coming from you!
Billions for guns and nothing for American people!?
No thanks to you, please STOP trying to take credit for the help Puerto Rico is getting.
Mr trump I apologize for the evilness on this thread.    They have no heart
LIAR!!!  GAS to the Hospitals; get truck drivers there; get big equipment there; restore the water, electricity, and phones up and running.

Yes..everyone defending FEMA who you planned to destroy
Governor is in your pocket/ Pay back the 30+ Million you owe PR, and then We'll talk about forgiving your bankruptcy there
And mayor said you are failing big time. Did you know this island is surrounded by big water?  Amazing, isn't it. Come teach Kindergarten!
Serious question. How do you put a positive spin on millions without power, food, and water?
God you're a goofy man. Four more years!
You know what I'm talking about. You are not supposed to delete. You are supposed to leave a public record of your presidential writings.
.... what you were doing to the mayor is absolutely disgusting. You do not treat people equally. And you are breaking laws with your records
Gotta love Gorst responders and military.
How about you stop bragging about how great you are, and actually do something you big tangerine!
God bless FEMA, Red Cross and First Responders. Why has it taken you so long to get off your lazy ass. They needed HELP a week ago.
They'll be more devastated next Tuesday when you and your circus breeze in, talk about how "incredible" you are and leave without helping!

And yet, now you rail against her. How very Luther Stange. Who lost after you campaigned for him. Way to lead, crap Prez.
We are with you Mr. President
He did not mean it.
It was a CAT 5 - like a 25 mile wide tornado... they have no clue, and Dems should not have advised San Juan Mayor to look stupid. 
#MAGA
PR was on verge of bankruptcy.  They may become like Tahiti. We're still feeling effects of Irma in FL..
Make it about yourself you soul-less, self agrandized, hell bound sad little baby boy. Pathetic. Embarrassing.  Disgusting.
All amazing except for their leader..where was he?
You. Stop looking for congratulations everywhere. Just do your damn job and shut up
