No Mr. Fake president, you totally fabricated what you've said.
U FABRICATED :"MUSLIMS ARE FAB""SUPPORT VETS " BUT WONT @clintlorance  / "NEVER SAID ANYTHING ABOUT LIBYA""SPECIAL PROSECUTOR" FOR CLINTON =DOCUMENTED  DEMOCRAT& A PROVEN HABITUAL LIAR BREAKING OATHS TO OUR GOD/COUNTRY/ YOUR MARRIAGE . BRAG ABOUT ARMING/GIVING JOBS TO 911 SAUDI !
Raise your hand if you miss Obama, who always properly paid TIMELY respects to Gold Star widows. 
Sure hope your kidding...fast & furious, Benghazi, Berghdal trade, Selling Uranium, Libya, Syria, Russia taking back regions, the ACA crap
Let's see it Liar in chief!!!  Is there ANYTHING you won't lie about??
Unclear why Lara Trump would have access to official White House transcripts. What else is being hidden and selectively shared?
Who is Laura Trump?
Democrat Wilson needs to get a free hearing test to determine if. Hearing aids might take be helpful for her!
She is a heart of stone woman just like many Demos! They have evil thoughts to destroy the USA as we knew it!  She's not worth the time! SAD
Because of you I joined the NRA bought a gun and tweet. My neibhor’s decided responceable ones should protect ourselfs and our other citizens. I would be glad to stand in front of any school. I just registered to vote for my first time! I used to like Democraps!! Yes craps!!!
Disgusting that somebody would interfere in the very sacred conversation between president and wife of soldier who made the ultimate sacrifice! I'm ex-forces myself!
The Congress woman actually KNEW the solider ..  she Knows the family... so how is being there in person "interference" #IllWait
Oh, and he did say it. Wilson wasn’t the only one listening.
White House chief of Staff John Kelly just confirmed that Trump said "he knew what he was getting into," just as Rep. Frederica Wilson said. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/920611770775064576 …
Yes, it was in the contence of what Gen Kelly said!  I'm a soldier & as I was to go into battle I was where I wanted to be. So proud of him!
I appreciate his service and yours. But I think a widow doesn't want to hear it expressed the way Trump did. It lacks empathy.
It's very different, I would think, than how soldiers might speak to each other. and what words are appropriate.
BELIEVES IN and was not forced! He was where he chose his place of Honor (it means he did not give his life in vain); he gave life for us!
Prove it then...you little incompetent goon...
So much anger and hatred in your soul!!
Not enough to vote for Donald Trump...
I voted for Trump and would do it again!
Then you my friend have more hate in your heart than me...
No hate in my heart my friend. Hate is wrong!! I believe he will make this country great again. Respect the office.
My question how can you respect a lying discombobulated orange orangutan in officeyour conscious is deplorable 
Because I can you snowflake!!
Terrible
You're amazing and this is really sad they go this far to try and make you look bad. Continue doing what you do- let this be faker news
Sad you are a pathetic looser
Let's see it then.
#Niger Fallen Heroes #Names #SargentJohnson #SargentBlack #SargentWright & #SargentJohnson  May they Rest In Peace
I
Just like the "tapes" proof?

So...where's that proof again?
With his tax returns
Secretary Kelly confirmed yesterday that you did in fact say these things . You are proven once again as a liar!
She should be censured for her disgusting & disrespectful behavior. Empty hat, a Total nothing. Shame on her for using a death for attention
So you have no issue with what Trump said, confirmed by Kelly, and the soldier's family? Hope you don't know anyone who serves
Do you get lonely knowing that people only support you for lies and not for who you really are and what you really do?

Trump is extremely respectful to the military, he calls more gold star families than other presidents. Most like it
So, where is the proof? Or did you purposely lie again?

She cherry picked part of your remarks to make you look bad, another Maxine Waters.
Bull!  You are a harsh, uncaring, narcissistic, serial LIAR! (I can explain that if you need.) #Liar #crazyinWhiteHouse
Look at what your little trolls have been up to, making fake news for you. #LiarInChief #FuckingMoron #trumpsTrolls #ImpeachTrump
Bring back Obama.... atleast he knew how to be a president!

Democrat Congresswoman totally told the truth about the words you botched. You Are Sad!
You don't need to prove anything Mr President. Anyone with a brain cell knows. Thank you for Making America Proud Again.!
I know! Talk about twisting words! You haters should just move to Canada or something! Whinge whinge bloody whinge!
Not true.  You're the LIAR.
She's still talking, time to show your cards...
More fake news coming out of the White House. Sad.
Just like the James Comey tapes? You lie every time you speak trump
Password
Still waiting
STILL WAITIN ON THAT PROOOOOOOOF DAWG
You got lies and that's it!
You horrible man!!
I saw Obama speak at our President Mandela’s memorial service . What a class orator 
When people are vulturing off the death of fallen soldiers, this country is ready for a revolution.
13 days later, #SlimyDon, and we're still waiting on your "proof" of "total lie" of Sgt. Johnson's widow & Congressperson Wilson. Sad!
Thank You for being such a great #POTUS, please ignore the ignoramuses who r brainwashed to believe anything the #D's say
http://swedder.blogspot.com/2017/10/ina-perfum-alas-1844-en-encampo-de-marte.html …

No, that's how white Republicans feel and their feelings are demonstrated frequently.
Liar
You're a great person for what you did Trump!! I heard the conversation and I too served. Nothing that you said was offensive.
Obama always acted on the right moment. He is missed already
where is the proof?? You talk a big game, but never show up.
U.S. President Trump continues to spend most of his time on Twitter attacking people who don't like him instead of doing his job. Sad!
Proof?  Who remembers "Oh Lordy, I hope there are tapes" ??  Your word means nothing, Donnie
no proof and you are nothing but a liar
What you said may partly be true, but this wife is grieving...   Her mind is is a grieving state.     How about some tact and diplomacy?
You mean, Donnie should behave Presidential?!
Okay then show us the proof.
All you do is fabricate stories about things you say you have done... Puerto Rico-lie. USVI...No power still! Yeah you care...not a bit.
you never have proof
you were quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
Ya...sure...
We have not an ounce of Trust in the Democrat Party! They care less about our country and will only pass lies to harm Christians Republians!
Yeah... Where's the proof your royal Moroness
Dont worry Mr. President, the reason this loose canon is shooting her mouth is because she is part of the DWS scandal .
#Liar
She hates you because you don't support killing babies and because you're white.
You are a #ClusterFuck of a president. 

Resign, dude !!!

Seriously
The real donald trump....draft dodger
not true and you know it!  Just stop!
I just listened to a recording of another grieving wife, POTUS was very gracious and kind. He invited the family to the whitehouse.....
Perhaps, there was a misunderstanding w. La Johnson's widow & Family...when DT does good we need to encourage him to continue to do so.
An invite to grieving family & Congresswoman would clear this mess up. Gen. Kelly on the otherhand - he flat out lied and was disgraceful!!!
YOU LIE. YOU HAVE NO PROOF, NO DECENCY, NO VISION, NO INTEGRITY. YOU ARE UNFIT FOR OFFICE. YOU HAVE BETRAYED THIS COUNTRY.
It's been a week, and we're all still waiting on that "proof" of yours.
Cough it up, or we'll have to give you your hairball medicine. Sad!
it was a setup by a black racist white hater that should not be in government she should be fired
Man up and grow a pair...did yours shrivel up from overuse of Viagra?
I don’t believe you... tiger never loses its stripes.  Once a liar always a liar and you can take that to the bank
she is a Piece of work. She Hates Veterans, but Now wants to Assist a Widow of a Soldier Who Died? In it to get it $$$
I wish President Obama was still in office. You are sad!
If you have permission from the family, it would be great to show your proof for all these despicable anti-USA haters of yours. SOTU speech?
Fake news from trump.
Totally pathetic that you the President have to tweet your non stop lies defending your poor sorry  & usesless ass to begin with! 
Who could ever believe you?
You lie every time you open your embarrassing mouth!!
You are going down Trump. An America is going to enjoy knowing your going to JAIL
OK I give..where is your proof..come on actually give us the proof.  Please. please, would love to see the proof
Not fabricated at all! You messed up trying to requote Gen Kelly's story!
And they have proof that you did! 3 witnesses heard what you said in your awful way. Shame on you!
#take him out!!!!!
You're on a roll! You've had your Watergate, your Katrina, and now your Benghazi! All in under a year! SAD!!!!!
I believe La David Johnson’s wife & Rep Wilson YOU said ‘He knew what he signed up for but I guess it hurts anyway’ What happened in Niger?!
You knew what you signed up for.
I don't understand why people won't just let you be president and just leave things alone... You are the commander and chief just let you handle things. I voted for you and I think you're doing a great job.
Because the President doesn't just "handle things" by themselves in our country. He isn't a king. PS-The phrase is "commander in chief"
Actually, no she didn’t. And no you don’t have proof, much like your fake non-existent tax records...or proof you’ve done nething worthwhile
You lie sooooo much no one believes you! Funny how you never have any proof. What a joke! #TrumpLiesRepeatedly
Liar!
The only one who fabricated was Trump - our Manchurian POTUS.
Saaaad

This describes you perfectly!
By the way, Kelly even confirmed your ignorance by repeating your words! #Liar #crazyinWhiteHouse

@CNN @NBCNews @CBSNews @ABC @CNN @MSNBC @Morning_Joe @AddInfoOrg Everyone is still waiting for the proof. Or was this a lie also?
Lets see the proof shitbird
The man came back in PIECES! Don’t you have any shame?
You can please some of the people some of the time, but you can't please all of the people all of the time.  Let it go.
Obama wss class. Liar in chief Trumpenfuhrer is pure crass.
Did I miss the presentation of the proof? I've been waiting patiently. Or is this just more bullshit you claim & can't prove?
No you Trump and Fox New are always fake news.@syed32701 @BarackObama @CNN @maddow @MSNBC @nytimes @ajam
I know you're a busy man, but any chance of coming up with that proof you say have - hopefully before you swan off on your golfing weekend?
Prove it!
Show us the proof!!!!
She can be glad you mentioned her at all.
You're  a sad little person
Trump cares dearly about our veterans. 

This woman released her call with Trump 

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=eDqGYDlT61E …
How's that proof coming?
So where is your Dann proof? You are a pathological liar and have no heart. No compassion so hateful
Hi Sir!  I know that things sometimes things are not said the way that we say them to set the records straight what did you really say ?
N for some strange reason everyone thinks that Obama was Great n my book he wasn't he allowed the black's more harm to me this is why I am
Yeah, we've seen your kind of "proof" before. You're a joke.
Stop saying you have proof. Just prove it. You always go on about incredible things, and then do nothing to show us.  SAD.
Sad, like you having to get a mail-order bride? Or that you'd never have the balls to defend your "great country" like that vet did? I agree
Hg
That is because Fredrica  Wilson is a race baiter & she is IMMORAL☆
So Kelly lied and the widow lied and the congresswoman lied... but you believe him? And he still hasn’t showed any proof he claims to have
Proof? #FakeNews ( aka #lie ) until you release it to #WeThePeople @WhiteHouse @FoxNews @foxandfriends
No she did not. Liar.
Where's the proof? How dare you Mr. President?
Nine days later and we're still waiting on your "proof" of Congressperson Wilson's "total lie." YOU didn't LIE, did you, #SlimeyDon? Sad!
Liar liar. You lack compassion & common sense. And you have zero leadership skills
I was at an event over the weekend and during the national anthem 2 White ladies were hugging and talking the whole time. But that’s ok?
Hahahaha #youugly
Prove it then and while you're at it: #releaseyourtaxes & #melaniaimmigrationpapers #LiarInChief
Liar.
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @voxdotcom
Keeping that proof with the Comey tapes? child.
Well. We're waiting.
Your WH has admitted that you have no proof. This is another of your LIES. It’s time for an apology - to the widow & the American people.
No.  What's SAD is that you are being disrepectful again in this tweet.  You can't even address the wife and soldier by name!!!
She is a disgrace and another example of Lefist ignorance. We know your heart and God knows it too. My He continue to bless you @POTUS !
When is it going to be enough?  You are an embarrassment to this country and to the office you sit in.  Have some decency and class.
Lmao since when did America become a meme, your disgusting
Then prove it. Everything out of your mouth is a lie
Everyone lies about everything except truthful trump?
He is a joke!  Sad he is attacking a woman who is pregnant, grieving and a mother of two young children.
She is an empty barrel just as Kelly said LOL
Proof coming from Donald Weinstein Chief empty barrel?
All Pres Trump had to do was give his condolences to the veterans wife and leave it alone.
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
Are your buds in like Flynn?$$
You should have never been made president 
I hope you keel over dead soon no one really approves of you!
It's clear, you lied!
Proof you ALL lied?

Oh, good.  This will be easy then.  Just show us that proof.  ...  Still waiting...  trump??
Waiting for that proof
Still waiting. You always SAY you have proof, but you never prove it! Lol liar!
The "fabricator:" owns your twitter account.
Your always rt so don't waste time on idiots!!!!#usausa
what does the wife say you said. Maybe she will clear this up in one sentence! Show your proof & shut them up!!
Trump wants to be a Military President... Trouble is he chickened out when his turn came.  How's that foot now.

Just to be clear, we’ve gone from “I have proof” she was lying to “it was rude for her to listen in” to “she’s just wacky.”

Proof, indeed. https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/920611770775064576 …
She just wants to make trouble,She is a a female Al Sharpton.
WOW. Your approval rating is really in the dumper. Must suck being you.
Sad Lil man
Liar!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!???
Lol, you wouldn’t recognize “proof” if it slapped you in the face and introduced itself, mr fake news and alt-reality...
Lets Help Her Push  - -
