As Commander in Chief, Trump is responsible for the US Navy.  This year there has been 5  collisions and groundings involving US Navy warships in Asia. #FixTheProblem

USS Benfold
USS John S. McCain
USS Fitzgerald
USS Champlain
USS Antietam

What a beautiful ship. “ Ship O’Hoy!

Thank you Mr. President!
IM MEXECEN BICH LOOSER!!!!!!!
Hello Trump how are you doing
Worst ever
You are loved far more than you know President Trump.. #WINNING and laughing at the losers
I don’t love that draft-dodging coward. My dad served in Vietnam.
Thank you for being our President  and upholding immigration laws, bringing back enthusiasm, preventing us from turning into EU 
Yesterday the BEST the BEST today the BEST for many centuries to come. #HappyBDayUSNavy 
Thank God for our #Military 
#USNavy
Why would they support a draft dodger?
Look who talking #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
MAGA
LOVE YOU POTUS
#MAGA
McMasters, worked in the Closet with Obama on this bad Iran Deal you did not just come out of..Obama still working in your Office. Sad
Happy Birthday Shipmates. 28 wonderful years in our Navy
Draft dodger acting like a commander is what you are! You have NO buisiness being in this position!
It scares me that you are allowed to command anything
#25thAmendment

Go Naval Aviation 
You are insane, Donald.
You understand that US Navy isn't exactly thrilled about the situation? #DutyToWarn #25thAmendmentMarch Do watch the march, it's about YOU
Big reason for Navy -First Barbary War  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First_Barbary_War …
Thank you!
Thanks for sending them to war in Iran since No Korea fell through. A lot of Fake News in you stage show today.  You are a fool little hands
Check this out.

I’m running against Maxine Waters
Guys done so much for our military already including medical n raising salaries. But yet Eminem n Libs say he hates the military.. lol

Salute
RT if you support trump
too funny 
Then try not to start WWIII to prove you have a bigger dingy,  than your boy Rocket Man. #LiarInChief
I wanna make this very clear: I hate you so much that when you die I will literally throw a huge party celebrating your end.
Your the worst
If you truly love something, sometimes you have to let it go. #Resign 
You are the worst thing to happen to the USA since 9/11.
especially the transgender heroes of the nation ?
You're the GREATEST PRESIDENT EVER!MAGA
Obama was good president for America
Id love to hear your reasons why...

Unemployment was up during obama, and don has improved the stock market tremendously since he was elected while cutting down on unemployment
Hahahahah good one...you auditioning to be part of the Trump klan
Lmao your chart is from maddow who in their right mind could believe or trust that b.s
Better?
GAG  A disgrace to every serviceman and woman in every branch. 
#BoycottAnythingNFL UNITE #StandUp to the #NFL #ResignRogerGoodell #MAGA 
President Trump alone has lifted the economy and stock market to ALL TIME HIGHS! Imagine what's possible if congress gets on the #TrumpTrain
President Trump is eliminating Job-Killing regulations, creating jobs more quickly than anyone thought possible
President Trump is one of the great economic geniuses of our time! Where is his Nobel Peace Prize?
Now #FakeNews CNN is blaming Russian Pokemon for Hillary’s loss!
Liberals would be well-served if they PUT DOWN their phones and PICKED UP the Bible and the Constitution!
What's in a Bible that I can't find in a Quran
Jesus
Muslim here... Jesus is in the Qur'an.
Resign
Not my president
Beautiful Card
I would have gone with a parody, three old blokes at the pool
One has a stiffy
The others say check out his destroyer 
#HBUSN
AWESOME
Hey Trump, the President of the Virgin islands is YOU.  Sad but true.
You may be the commander in chief but doesn’t mean you do a good job! YOU SUCK
The Navy loves you
With this great privilege you have, what about the 4 Green Berets that passed away in Niger?? You have a solemn duty to perform. NOW DO IT.
Respect our country by respecting the Constitution Mr President!
Happy Birthday to the brave men and women in the Navy!  They are our true heroes.  Mr. President, they fight for the First Amendment which you are trying to destroy!
America is great because of the heroes we have in the military and because of the Constitution that our forefathers fought for.  Please Mr. President, don't undermine the First Amendment.  In doing so you are fighting against the Military and the rest of America!
Not only do you insult Barack Obama but you insult the previous 44 presidents before you.
You campaigned on "Making America Great Again" yet America has always been great!
The President of the United States has no right to disrespect the US Constitution.  By attacking the press day after day, you are weakening the bond that holds this country together, ever so slightly.  This is UnAmerican!  You are UnPresidential!
How many sailors died needlessly this year under you?  Asking for a friend.
It's anything but happy. The nation they are protecting has been compromised by a traitor.
If Obama threatened to take Fox News off the air people would march "with torches in the street" 

- Jake Tapper
He spoke about Megan and her lies. More &more ppl r joining the Trump train bc all these “gotchas” r actually turning in our Prez favor
It's not about you.
I bet you only wish this country and the world felt he same way.
Whos the president of the virgin islands?
My father fought bravely in Pacific.shot down kamikazes, hosed charred remains of comrade out of turret he would  not believe you once.
How about that, the US Navy was born when your ass didn’t exist. Hard to believe.
Did you serve in the military? Or were you too much of a weakling?
God Bless our Armed Forces!!!
Happy Birthday!
Self-serving!!!
Says the draft dodger....
Still no mention of the Green Berets in Niger, sir? You should acknowledge when service members give their lives at your behest.

When the remains of 4 soldiers ambushed in Benghazi returned home, both Obama and Clinton were there.

When the remains of 4 soldiers ambushed in Niger…
Do you understand that these deaths are the result of 45’s direct order to run the mission, and thus he owed it to them to be there?
If Trump had had another pressing duty to attend to, he could be forgiven, but he skipped honoring the fallen to play a round of golf.
No, you’re the one that is mentioning 44. I’m saying that it hasn’t even been a full year into his administration, and 45 prefers golf.
President Obama is better than you!
Unless any one of them is captured by the enemy (which you are creating a lot of) because  you don't  like your heroes captured little boy
I don't need religion. My heart is Jesus and my mind with God. Conscious and kindness will guide me
You use compliments & expressions of gratitude to insulate yourself from criticism. But a polite grifter is still a grifter, hurting people.
Is your way of saying thanks for this privilege preventing able, willing soldiers from serving based on your dislike of their identity?
لماذا لم تشارك باقي الاحزاب الكوردية في اجتماع سليمانية ؟؟ لماذا في بغداد تشتكون من عدم المشاركة وفي سليمانية تمنعون باقي الاحزاب منها ؟؟
لان احزاب الاخري متفقة علي كل شي و لا تحتاج اجتماع! فقط جناح واحد داخل الاتحاد تحتاج الاجتماع لان عليها ضغوط ايرانية
Happy Birthday
Malignant narcissism with psychotic features for a President is a helluva guy to lead the armed services of farkin ‘Merica!
@TomBomdotcom Can you believe this bs?  From the guy who joked through colors on nationwide tv the other day?  Happy Birthday to my shipmates who served!
http://surpay.site/?r=247276 
That looks like a big boat that could go all the way across the ocean to an island. #DementedDonnie
says the 10-time draft dodger
The Commander in Chief.
I would have thought the bone spur would have stopped you serving as commander in chief, like it did in the Vietnam war.
Yeah, Happy Birthday @USNavy I just hope that you have HealthCare after you serve. Trump doesn't care.
What a load of bs...commander in chief hahaHAHAHa. U?
233
happy as ever to serve under you, sir!
Verpiess dich. 
Wenn du meinem Land angreift,werden wir dein Kopf in deinem Arsch einstecken.
You're a pathetic 5 time draft dodger, you insult Gold Star families & war heroes & you don't even have a clue what a Purple Heart is for!
Wait are you wishing happy birthday to certain men and women?  Or to the navy as an organization?
too bad .@BarackObama never gave such thanks; no, he was ashamed and an apologist of the US; not its defender.
no your greatest privilege was being born with millions of dollars.
"To the Coast Guard. I KNOW! The Air Force.... the Navy. They all have invisible planes!"
Draft dodger trump is not fit to be in the same room as even the newest enlisted sailor.  
Everyone knows #TrumpisLoyaltoRussia & a traitor.
good
You have to earn that privilege to be called commander- http://in-cheif.You  have not done that yet!
YES, HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE NAVY. Great of you to remember.  also Thank you for not certifying the Iran Deal. GREAT WORK PR. TRUMP!. LUV You
Should isLIErael pay from the Mass MURDER of the crew of the #USSLiberty and their attack of us on 911 & should bu$h & cheney be Hanged too?
Bloviator-in-Chief
just the thought of you as Commander in Chief, makes me sick, they deserve so much better...
Why have you ignored the for brave men who lost their lives in Niger?  A Commander-in-Chief consoles the families of our fallen Heros.
ASU football
https://www.si.com/college-football/2017/10/15/arizona-state-defense-washington-upset-pac-12 …
What " real' chance did she have anyways??
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP
None of you guys better get caught by the enemy though. Trump doesn't respect POWs.
Hi
As long as they aren’t Gay, Black, Jewish,  LGBT. Hypocrite!
Those words would mean a lot if it came from anybody's mouth but yours. Nothing that comes out of your mouth is credible!
This coming from a draft dogger.  He knows nothing of these men and women's lives and sacrifices!
We love you Mr. President!
How can you love a president that is a hypocritical moron who hasn’t paid his own taxes in 18 years?
They’re embarrassed of you.
That's nice. We have no greater shame.
Today you tell the widow of a fallen Green Beret "He knew what he signed up for" while she was going to pick up his body. Some commander.

DWIGHT SAYS HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ALL!!
Trump is worst American ever!
Still no words about our 4 special forces KIA in Niger...
So disrespectful of our military - ALL US military.
Hire back&promote all Obama purged and passed over
Send Obama hires & promotes to antarctic guard duty
Da chu xing，chuan pu wang
The man with 4 military deferments.
Does that privilege extend to the grieving families of those who will die because your bluff and blunders started a WW111
Well quote , greetings !
donald you are unworthy of the title, you were not voted in by the american people, you are an embarrassement of epic proportions.
We are proud of you Mr President and all you do for all,(Even the whiners.)
What about the brave servicepeople in military who don't identify as men or women but as attack helicopters?

#AttackHelicopterLivesMatters
so, you can wish the Navy Happy Birthday, but not one of your CHILDREN???
She can't give him a medal.
Surely you jest! You have yet to tweet or speak on the 4 soldiers DEAD IN NIGER. Patriot my ass. Coward, liar, grifter, sadist, rapist. Sad!
Thank YOU All..so much..
But happy birthday navy
Heroes : American Navy men and women

Did you talk to the President of the US Navy recently too? #bestbrain
Sir first of be a gentleman President of the Great nation on planet. You  are destroying it to replace US by dog eaters


@POTUS true your excellency
When tough decisions have to be made and the fate of the world relies on the abilities of our capable men in the armed forces, trust the USN
God help us all...

They are embarrassed of their President
For 10 mos. you’ve been “Commander-in-Chief” of under 40% of the people. It’s all downhill from here. Worst POTUS in history. #ImpeachTrump
Man made? Where?
To have a president that is proud of our country is so important. Thank you!
I love Trump
Shut up queef. It’s amazing that you haven’t been assaninated.
Could've use honor but  instead he's gone with privilege. Classic..
It not all about u dummy.
Go Navy! POTUS & VP failed us! When 2 ships collided! Tells Army hero widow that ‘He knew what he signed up for!’ Die honorably your dirt!
Proud to have served for eight of those years.
Your pretend patriotism is an international disgrace. Happy Mueller Time.
Hello
President Trump is one of the greatest presidents our nation has ever seen.
President "Bone Spurs."   Cowards don't get to call themselves "Commander In Chief."
Did you John McCain is retired Navy?  Also, a USNA grad! (a school you could never get into) He is a hero and yet you insulted him.  Shame!
Anchors aweigh! Happy Birthday!
I'm sure many in the military are not proud to have you as CIC.  You are incapable of commanding anything except your ego and your mouth!
And these fallen soldiers? Nothing?
Donald. Don't you read what you say ? Are you blind, dumb, or simply illiterate ?
At least Hitler was an amateur painter !
Commander No
And we as American citizens have no greater shame than your service as Commander-in-Chief.
We Salute You Mr. President....
Funding for the http://U.S.Navy !
Bad toe?? Dotard
You are a joke. They all know it.
Thank you seriously to the ones that protect us from the waters, from the air, and from the ground, you rock, happy bday US Navy
