#Nobama #NoHillary

#TRUMP2017 
RETWEET IF YOU LOVE TRUMP!
We Love 
You Mr President 
MAGA 
#MAGA #WVFORTRUMP 
SHOW YOUR SUPPORT, SILENT MAJORITY
@ People will die in Texas tonight but at least you kept your goddam schedule.  You missed your chance to save lives.
Excellent MR President!
Just arrived in West Virginia for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Huntington at 7:00pmE. Massive crowd expected - tu...
Join us to #March4Trump in @WashingtonDC at @LincolnMemorial 11am March 4th!
Please consider chipping in
Heard you made liberal heads explode.   WELL DONE SIR!!
#healthcoverage #coalminers #wv... Looking forward to seeing solutions #Trump2017
Prayers for Trump family 
#GodblesstheUSA!

Thank you for visiting us.. Come back soon. Maybe next time I'll get in to see you..
Why are you doing rallies? You've already been elected! Find another way to get off. Like..be the President
FU Lisa. Like..be an American!
I am an American. And I want a President who unites our country. He divides us. One who makes me feel safe. He doesn't.
Fun Fact:  Grand Juries hand down indictments 99.99% of the time!
Look's like Trump/Russia is moving forward, and you are certainly involved!
There is a 99.99% chance someone will be charged and my guess is that it will be you and your family!
Tick Tick Tick Tick..... Impeachment season is coming soon!
Mr. President, do you even care about the coal miners in West Virginia who suffer from black lung and other respiratory diseases?
no he does not   look at the sweatshops this family uses in indonesia  workers die, long hours, no pay  horrible

When are u going 2 stay at the WH and do actual work? All you do is tweet.  Guess u don't give a fuck about the position.
Glad I'm not in West Virginia.

Getting your ego stroked by morons will not save you .
Can't wait for #ImpeachTrump day to come, it's only a few months away 

I love what Trump said in the transcript about how he rabble rouses and  manipulates the "poorly educated",  lol
God Bless you President Trump
You sad little man.
"Massive crowd expected. White Hoods optional."
Will you feel guilty if your family goes to jail because of your ego?
MAKE TRUMP FEEL BETTER ABOUT HIMSELF AGAIN
So, did at least 5 people show up?  I know the bar is low for positive turnout...
And more mass lying. Starting to feel the heat? Mueller getting closer, you fraud.
Who cares? You are supposed to be running the country, not running a campaign you old fool. Try doing what you were elected to do!
Hurensohn
Mr. President please fire McMaster!
Mueller does a good job. Soon America will be big again. I wish you a stressful holiday.
Massive crowd? How'd that turn out?
Disgusting expenses for an ego boost. Disgusting.
Oh my gosh! Look at all the #FakeFollowers the #FakePresident has!
Come to Sacramento so we can lavish you with well-earned praise.
Yea, massive crowd of protesters 
Remember They.Want.ACA
Ahh! Another Trump Campaign Puke Party! When do you stop running for President and start "being" President.

Hey Donny, what's with all the vacations, golf and rallies. When you gonna pass something like you promised us.
I put in my teeth just for the occasion.
FAKE NEWS! Sad!
"Make Obama President again." Cause you're doing a piss poor job.
Hurry up. You may not have enough time. "That thing with Russia" Investigation is gaining momentum.
Dude, quit acting like you are on your really bad, sad, it is a shame reality show!! You are only a HUGE superstar in your own head. 
Outstanding Mr.Trump my home State I'm from Madison Boone County hope you can get the coal running again. Semper Fi Sgt.1983-1996 USMC
Why don't you start governing instead of campaigning and vacationing ?
Water Gate 2 is coming  sooner than you think..
PAID RALLIERS DONALD TRUMP PAYS TO HAVE PEOPLE AT THE RALLY
Hahaha #maga

You impeach guys are funny...lol
Whoot whoot.  The man is in the house.   America loves you 
dude you have to TRY to stay in office ... keep it up and ur toast
#racists
Everything you can do to be away from that shithole, right?  So much work there!  And investigations!  3 week vacation after that?  DIRTBAG.
#Biafra Selling arms 2 Nigeria Govt is the same as selling 2 Boko Haram & Fulani militia
@POTUS
@FLOTUS
@IvankaTrump
http://www.bbc.com/news/live/world-africa-40824127?ns_mchannel=social&ns_source=twitter&ns_campaign=bbc_live&ns_linkname=598429ade4b0b165a9f7f9f4%26Trump%20%27approves%20sale%27%20of%20military%20planes%20to%20Nigeria%26&ns_fee=0#post_598429ade4b0b165a9f7f9f4 …
Boy! That rally was one big temper tantrum. I know we're doing great and on the right track when you're crying like a baby.
No one's told him that after you win the speeches stop & real work begins but this faced ass needs his ego constantly stroked 
Stop talking.
Crowd of redneck idiots
You need the cheers to pump up your ego and you fill your coffers with all that made in China merchandise you sell to the crowd.
I was wondering how much Trump biz are profiting directly from these rallies and the merchandise. His FB page has a "shop now" button.
Define 'great'. What do you actually mean ?
These people need to stop watching Fox and start reading the real newspapers like the Times .
You & your family AND YOUR CRONIES... should do is all a favor & just quit
How does a rally make a country great again? Nonsense
Cramming a few hundred people into a high school gym makes the crowd look much more yuge than it truly is!  Nice snow job asswipe! #IMPEACH
Great Rally!
Massive crowd .. biggest most massiveist crowd ever 
I can't believe it either but U did win the electoral college. Maybe U should just host them a dinner @ WH. U may save enough $ 4 your wall.
Shitlord of the flies loves his MAGATS.
Massive lies from you!!!
You can't relive getting 46% of the vote forever.
Fake news
Hey, are you getting a face lift for that turkey neck while you're gone?

I didn't realize verbal vomit was the essential ingredient to this sh*t show.

It seems odd that all you know how to do is golf and hold campaign rallies
time to deflect and let your very small and rabid base make you feel better again I see.
Wonderful inspiring speech @WV! Thank you, Mister President for loving this country, her people and defending values America was built on!
Ticky rock Donald, you too @seanhannity
Njet
Translation: I was in severe need of ass kissing after my terrible week. Next week is vacation and after that IMPEACHMENT!
No
How many Russian Jews are there in Ohio, especially the Cleveland area?
Yeah we know how you like to exaggerate; maybe you see double and that's why things appear larger than they really are; or you're delusional
America never stopped being great, it just got stupid when it elected you #notmypresident
It was a HIGH SCHOOL gym! I would hardly call that a "massive crowd".
But why? You need quiet time to reflect on what is going wrong.  #getserious #cutthebull
Stop the rallies and do your god damn job
How about some legislation instead of campaigning? Election's over.
Can't believe you use the same ole tired speech. Is is so very very sad, believe me, really true and sad you don't have a larger vocabulary.
You are such a man baby!  Gotta get out there and get your "fix"!  You are a rally junkie! This does not show a true picture. Most HATE you!
FYI, Trump was hanging around this guy, calling him a terrific guy when he met the girls he raped, thanks to sex offender Jeffery Epstein
Still campaigning? 
Has a POTUS ever held monthly rallies before?Can the Average American tell when they are being conned?
Why are you doing rallys are you still on the campaign trail
Side note - why are you still holding rallies?  If you've truly won, you wouldn't NEED to rally...rallies are for those NOT winning....
Brainwashing of citizens by MSM to follow in tweets
Please resign!
Please stop lying to your followers.  You know perfectly well it is NOT A WITCH HUNT. Cooperate. Prove your innocence. Don't act guilty.
It was awesome!!
Go to another state. How about NYC?  Let's see what kind of rally your hometown gives you.
Mueller has your tax returns "Donny Doll Hands" God Bless The Deep State. Long live the resistance.
POTUS! You're becoming more presidential with each passing day, and a man of his word. Finally a leader who does what he says, MAGA! 

Quit the rallies and do your job you nit wit
Why does a current President need to hold rallies??? Shouldn't you be doing some actual work?
country road take me home
I knew I smelled shit and Russian cum.
You really love getting your ego stroked. Don't you. Are you doing this for the whole 4 years. Are you going to have tour T-shirts made up.
Keep doing those rallies to feed your ego. Worst president ever
Needed a fix huh!
Oh, I'm sure "massive;" bigly. Really, really big. Bigger than any crowd Obama ever spoke to. The biggest in all of history, probably.

Good luck 
tick, tock, tick, tock.....your clock is running out.  Unintelligent trashy people are your only supporterts - HA!
Almost as big as your Boy Scout rally?
The guns n roses concert I'm going to will have exponentially more people
HAVE TO GET YOUR JOLT OF ADORATION U R A SICKO
Yeah let's spend more money on meaningless shit so Donny can massage his overinflated ego.
Moutain Mama.. take me home.. country roads... #tune!
Absolutely behind you Mr . President
It is a tale told by an idiot full of sound and fury signifying nothing. Time to lead not boast about winning 6 months ago.
God is going to give you Light Joy and Honor.  The best things you have ever experienced will pale in comparison to the blessing coming.

Yeah we know,, west Virginia. 
Home of the kkk, your 33% polls. 
Welfare state,
Jesus, Donny.  Do us all a favor and stay on the road and out of the White House. #FakePresident #FailedLeader
FAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!!
why the heck are you doing rallies??? you're supposed to work.
Resign and just stay there. They seem to like you unlike the rest of the country.
Seen it,loved it,this nation loves you and needs you ,god bless my president.
Blah blah blah. More incoherent, nonsensical bullsh**. Ugh. It's not normal to be this delusional. Seek help.
Stop the field trips and get back to work
And I love how you plant all those cheerleaders right behind you.  Was vacant for a long time! Hmmmm. Why don't you speak somewhere else?
Here's a novel idea:  How about you do something other than golf and hold rallies?
Just a thought: a little less rallying and a little more governing, perhaps? #Trump @realDonaldTrump
i wonder what kind of dirt Flint has on Donald  for him to Obstruct Justice and fire Comey to stop investigation
There were more people at the Big Sandy Arena for my daughters graduation than for you. SAD
God you make me ill
One of the top 5 illiterate States. Makes sense.
"Tune in"? Man, you are simply laughable!
Nothing like spending the night with your kind. You are right if it wasn't for the dumbest among us you wouldn't be POTUS .
Hello mister Trump
