RETWEET IF YOU LOVE TRUMP AND AMERICA!!
Get a kick out of news saying Trump's numbers are going down. Bullcrap. What are they doing? Making up numbers? Uh uh.
We can't trust polls. They're a propaganda tool used by the desperate.
Everything I hear I take with a grain of salt, especially Polls from God knows where.
Thank You, @SenatorDole for Your kind words & thank YOU @realDonaldTrump...for being a PRESIDENT for US.:)
Poland knows what's up.
Bob Dole don't even have a working penis....
how would you know?  What does it look like? tell us.
Why are you mentally ill? And why are you not getting professional help.

Thank you @SenatorDole, very kind! ...
I remember d #October1996 debate Sen Dole had w/Prez @billclinton cuz I watched it in Wisconsin That's d weekend my @HUDgov bid went through
Putin also said you were ahhhhmazing.
But you and Bob Dole can bond since you both have no Emmys and you both lost the popular vote in the presidential election.



It is great to read the support for our POTUS who has USA's interest at HEART. Time for us all to get behind him.
Agree with you DC - God Bless America
True words and thank you President Trump!
FROM THE HEART WE LOVE PRESIDENT TRUMP
@SHSanders45 @SenatorDole too chicken to go on camera today? Shame on you
Do you ever stop promoting yourself?
Trump associates who've offered on-the-record or *under-oath* falsehoods about meeting w Russians- Pence Flynn Sessions Kushner  Donald Jr
He's mentally ill.  Jus like you
100 Year old Dole? 

Is Dole senile too?
I'm loving this
Shocking that Dole is 93 years old and worth 240+ million.  Senile or de facto beneficiary or proposed tax cuts?  Or both. You choose.
Too bad you couldn't/didn't write this speech.Good you had a lucid moment to read it.
I admire Bob Dole but I seriously doubt that he wrote this ... just watched an interview from 4 years ago.
Donald Trump has accomplished more in 5 months than BHO  accomplished in 8 years!
Did he lose his marbles between Poland and Hamberg?
I see all you CRAZYS ARE SO IN LOVE WITH Russian SURE PUTIN WOULD LOVE YOUR ADS OVER THERE
What I heard first was the normal bile he delivers about the press and media.  Bob Dole must have rocks in his head.
Always so proud of President Trump!! So kind & classy!! Love him so much!!
You can't be so friendly with Russia and then talk about freedom for Poland ,that's exactly why we have 5000 troops in Poland against Russia
Two senile men complementing each other.
Another trool
This is why I voted Trump...down with liberalism..down with globalism..protect or boarders..protect our way of life and values..
Bob Dole has lost his mind
Thank you, Sen Dole. I am very proud of my president as well.
Time to play offense.  The American people want the dems who blatantly broke the law to go to jail.  They will never support you, but WE DO!
Trump must be stopped and removed from power. He does not speak for 3/4 of americans.
Greatest Speech ever!!!
Very classy and respectful letter from Mr. Dole.

#MAGA!
Really? This is how the world sees you as @POTUS & how you are making a JOKE out of our beloved USA. SAD & SHAMEFUL!
I totally agree with Senator Dole
This is why i voted for President
Trump.
Im feeling like more of our politicians are coming around and being won over by President Trump's speeches and U.S. solidarity
Jackass!
Funny how the other countries don't share this sentiment.

Did you forge this?
so some disagree with your views .... I 100% with your views please visit chattanooga
Congrats!
Maybe he's one of the ones that wants the massive tax break
The rantings of a semi-sane racist.
How narcissistic, have to keep showing everyone when you get a compliment. Like you Fake cabinet meeting where
how bout that @chucktodd

This is awesome. All my respect @SenatorDole! Love you-God bless you and yours.
Very very nicely written. wish he was still in the senate. I think u did a great job Mr. President. Keep leading & ignore msm click bait.
Where's the signature?  Looks fake to me. You lie daily so wouldn't be surprising
https://sarahabed.com/2017/06/20/german-academics-pen-open-letter-slamming-western-interpretation-of-syria-crisis/ … #Syria didn't need an intervention or any outside support, there was no crisis prior to 2011, this war was imposed.
http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/national-security/graham-slams-disastrous-meeting-putin-calls-russia-trump-s-blind-n781096 …
This is a Patriot speaking truth! Thank you Senator Dole
He's senile
Who pays attention to Bob Dole? For Christ's sake, the guy can't even peddle Viagra anymore, which he and DJT both rely on.
She blew right past @POTUS, to shake @FLOTUS  hand first.  Probaly was AFRAID of getting her "P**** GRAPPED" "T"
Bob Dole is still alive and a Senator?  I haven't heard anything from him in a decade.  Reaching aren't u
you yourself could learn from that
IN GOD WE TRUST - IN TRUMP WE BELIEVE...Amen..
https://twitter.com/American1765/status/884039328304726016 …
I think he's actually mocking you.
Dole must be senile.

Wow! When did Bob Dole get Alzheimer?
#25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachTrump #FakePresident
Wonderful! And thank you Mr. President for what you do in helping Venezuela. We admire your courage and conviction despite the odds.
This is very gracious  Mr Dole

WH spokes haven't talked to POTUS  about climate views, whether Russia interfered, or if he's read healthcare bill–WTH do they talk about? https://twitter.com/glennthrush/status/880858734045614080 …
finally a fellow republican willing to give our President the credit he deserves. Take notice other repubs
By the time all the dead voters got through HRC lost by 3,000,000 votes not counting the illegal votes from NYC and LA
Surprised & Disappointed in UR Remark dog
Was Rude & Disrespectful
He & His Wife Served In War Time & Peace Time
I'm Old Enough 2 Remember
U Relax..That Went 2 Dole 
Own It. Disrespectful
all your underlings had to say all the rehearsed dribble of how great ppl say you are. Now that was truly Fake
It's so sad to see Senator Dole in such cognitive decline.
Spot on
@POTUS @vp @FLOTUS @IvankaTrump @CNN @FOX @MSNBC @GOP Scripted and practiced speech is different fm what DRumpf ( Trump) Tweets -Get that ?
I'm happy.
Poland and most Americans weren"t amused. @POTUS has the speaking skills of a 6th-grade bully - just threaten and spit adjectives.
Very nice to hear intelligent commentary from a respected Republican 
#MAGA
Well said Senator Dole. I would greatly hope that other leaders agree putting aside politics and lead 4 the good of our country
in 2009 BHO admin abandoned Poland and Czeck Republic with promised defense commitments.
Trump is a fraud
April fools? He did pretty much the opposite of everything you said. He is such an embarrassment to the USA.
Tell Sen. Dole you didn't know what you were doing!
Does Bob Dole have Alzheimer's?
Unbelievable. I had no idea he was even sick!
Sorry, you can't brainwash everyone. Well maybe what's left of your supporters. Numbers dwindling.
Your doing great Mr. Trump
exactly!  I think the world leaders and people see it better than democrats in America
We freedom fighters also need our own freedom from this contraption called Nigeria.....Nigeria is no more in existence
Trump black every real&good things! only rubbish he eat& take in whatever he do,that y we all so sick of him!
Agree 100% with Senator Dole (and many, many others) - it was a FABULOUS speech, hitting all the right notes in tone, words, message. 
Goodman
From the man who gave us Sarah Palin !  You are made for each other.  Take your daughter to work day at the G20 meeting. Pathetic !
Thank you Senator Dole! Great to hear support for our President.
@Angel1000percen @SenatorDole Damn! You're excited about a letter from Bob Dole. WOW.

Stop lying for him. He went there with the intentions of getting information from Russians. This is a crime plain and simple
THIS IS WHAT WE EXPECT TO HEAR FROM CONGRESS AND ACTION IS WHAT WE DEMAND TO SEE.

Clear evidence that @SenatorDole has lost his mind.
Wow like his word or opinion means anything
One for  the ages?? Eloquent??  Give me a break @realdonaldtrump
TY Senator Dole! I agree our nation is comforted and proud of @POTUS. DJT has returned the integrity a pro American White House represents!

Winning!
It's about time some of these so called Republicans started supporting our president.
@chandamichele @SenatorDole the whole of Hell is working overtime to put Satan in charge of this world.The people are awake
the globalists possessed by demons, won't relent, they have a blueprint to follow. Communism.
Also, Senator Dole is senile Donnie
You were amazing!
At what, his daughter taking his seat, he didn't do nothing but kiss Putin's ass
You lobs believe everything that the very fake CNN tell you, pitiful!
Good piece of propaganda. Respected author (not seen or heard from in a while) praising an obviously incompetent leader to comfort populous.
Very wise of Ponzi Trump ti share.
I pray that your words take root and people will truly love their freedom. Life without liberty is an unfulfilled life. So proud of POTUS.
FAKE NEWS!
A letter from an out of touch career GOP politician that backs a clueless Russian lackey..... very impressive.
Bob Dole is still alive?  Who knew?!?
I haven't been this proud of a president 4 such a long time.I bet everything on #POTUS & have learned he is even tougher than what I thought
@realDonaldTrump against the Deep State? Dream! It is Deep State faction supporting him vs. the one with Bushes/Clintons/Obama.


You know that US Intel community Trump keeps on trashing?

Here are 5 members:
Air Force…
Dole is such an ass munch, what job is he trying to get?
Bob Dole is crazy you have done nothing more than hand is to Russia traitor
Excellent! Well said!! Thank you Senator
"the fundamental question of our time is whether the West has the will to survive...confidence in our values to defend?" @realDonaldTrump
I believe that's a reference letter for a resume. Bob wants you to find a new job. Poland?
滚犊子
Holy shit. Ole bob is 95 n has been out of touch with the world for over 20 yrs. Very unimpressed. #TrumpPutin #TrumpDerangementSyndrome
Sounds more like trump wrote this for Dole.
Go riot somewhere
6

Video: Trump saying the United States doesn't have anything as beautiful as his building in Turkey. #IndependenceDay 

Dole is a hypocrite like you, Puppet!

Congratulations! #WeThePeople r so incredibly proud of y'all! It truly is humbling,so please do not pay any mind 2 #FakeNews keep focused!
A heartfelt note from a paid lobbyist currying favor from the guy he's trying to smooze on behalf of Taiwan. Typical GOP working the swamp!
God bless Sen. Dole. My husband met him when he went to DC with the Honor Flight.
You are a joke. Resign or face the ultimate shame
Dole? Talk about a loser... two losers on the same page

Best speech since Abraham Lincoln.
Excellently stated from senator Dole
And well said, both of you!
.....from us.
Did he give you some of his Viagra?
Wtf? Bob Dole is losing it. Rest of the world looks at 45 like he's a fool, which he is.
Yes, when the other 19 countries are in opposition to us, from US, France, Germany, Japan, AND Russia, *WE* must be doing something right.
Bob Dole has always been a man of integrity and honor. What a contrast to slick willie in the 90's.
Ridiculous...Dole would never consciously publish this trip. Something very wrong here.
TOM COATES
WE NEED LESS OF YOU AND MANY MORE LIKE OUR PRESIDENT DONALD J TRUMP.
KNUCKLEHEAD'S AS YOURSELF CAUSE DIVISION NOT UNITY.
JUST GO
Is he still around?
Would you expect anything less. My POTUS Donald Trump
Senator Dole has betrayed America by pandering to you. I thought you were sneaking into England like a coward to avoid honorable protesters
