Wait! THIS WAS WHY PENCE HAD TO HURRY BACK TO WASHINGTON? Are you really that screwed up in the head?
the KKK and all Neo-Nazi groups should be classified as TERRORISTS! They're more of a threat to US then ISIS. #Impeach45
Agreed! You do know the Democratic Party has always been their support group, right?

Read THE BIG LIE by Dinesh D'Souza because they didn't teach you anything in high school.
Yes, and if they didn't teach you anything, then you just might believe the ridiculous crap in Dinesh D'Souza's books!
Andrew Jackson was a racist who in spite if Supreme Court ruling against him stole land From Cherokees and helped over 4,000 of then die.
???????
You don't understand English?
No. Please interpret for me genius.
Since my explanation would be in English, seems to be a pointless exertion.
Yay, the endless war, with no clearly defined enemy. We can milk this goose for generations.
504th PIR, here. Keep sucking that government tit and showing off that Christian attitude. AATW, cherry.
I fought for your right to say that.
I'm a panther we aren't pussies.
Fantastic sir!!
i fully support you my president
Wtf does that even mean.
Now world peace will be the principle of Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj and certified knowledge।#Lordkabir
#SantRampalJi 
#KabirIsGod

You tweet a response about a bill that points to a twitter feed instead of an official bill release. 

Can't take it serious.
Best 

President 

Ever 

#MAGA
Where, I don't see @BarackObama!
Sorry John Paul was on some heavy meds. He didn't understand what he was saying.
Oh don't bring up @BarackObama - I might cry. #imissobama
He is a good man, a great leader and fantastic human being.

Because he is an educated constitutional law professor.
And he shoots and he scores!!

ALT-LEFT

You can't change history you Bigot Leftists
Stop terror and stop killing american #maga
Today, I signed the Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act (#HR873.) The bill authorizes....cont… https://t.co/5mRkm...

Im going to be bolder give us a sign Monday around lunchtime
You didn't write that

Awww, pat yourself on the back. But don’t look back, because it’s almost Mueller time!
It's Wikileaks time!!!! Cats out of the bag

Thank you, John Lennon
I just ordered custom bumper stickers with this message 
FAKE PRESIDENT
Nazi
I wish I had a President who wasn't pro-nazi
I miss Dubya

(1) Hope u added White Power hate rants during their rallies... hmmm.... no I guess that would piss off your base right?? U OWN THE RACIAL..
(2)...hatred and violence as a result of your campaign rants and backing Alt Right & KKKYou have no shame- world leaders hate u as we do
what is it with you white nationalists and statues?
Thank you for making us safe and proud again
You sign a bunch of bs. Stop spreading hate and racismbin our country. Before @realDonaldTrump we had so much less hate!!! Go away!!!
Hang in there we are with you don't give up on us and get rid of the swamp is deeper they job thought but you can do it
What the hell does that even mean?
We elected U 2put a STOP 2 D violation of our Rights 4 D protection of ournation's Faith,History,Heritage,Culture,Language,Monuments&Values
Resign Nazi #ImpeachTrump
Hhaha you're gay bro you like penis
Can you sign your resignation?
Your photos celebrate YOU. #TrunpTheNarcissist.
You know everyone thinks you're a joke right. You should resign now. Wait pardon yourself first. #You'reGoingToJail #SoAreYourKids
Right?  I don't care if he pardons himself as long as he resigns.  Good riddance.
So true
You have really lost the plot. You will go down in history as the worst Potus in history. America will only begin healing after your gone
Someone took @realDonaldTrump's phone away. He didn't write this post.
Jan 2017. Washington D.C.

The new, #NaziInChief, is sworn into The White House.

#TrumpHistory
@TwumpFaschion @realDonaldTrump Uuuuuugh. Is that what the inauguration looked like? I watched  Netflix.

Fake war memorial by a fake president. Are you going to stiff these construction workers or use HB visa workers? Or made in China, maybe?
You have no idea what it says, do you?
The White House is a revolving door of incompetence, and it starts in the Oval Office.
Trump Logic: It will break apart the country to bring down statues of men who tried to break apart the country.
You've lost the respect of everyone but your most ardent of supporters. Congrats. It's only been 7 months.
The international community mocks the U.S. and you think that's just #MAGA at work or something.
We understand your problem and sympathize!
Blah blah Hillary. We are talking about Trump. Try to keep up.
Whining about Hillary = sexist, didn't want women in charge.
Whining about Obama = racist, didn't want 'coloured' person in charge.
8 years hun
Still dream with it 
8 years?!  He'll be lucky if his presidency makes it through Christmas.
The world is laughing at him 
Not much as they did with the Traitor
Psalm 119:2
Blessed are those who keep His #testimonies, Who seek Him with the whole #heart!
His ass better pray , because he's going down.
1 Thessalonians 5:23
Now may the #God of #peace Himself sanctify you completely; and may your whole #spirit, #soul, and [1/2]
How did you feel as Gods child to hear trumpy support the nazis and hateful people on Tuesday.
Jude 1:4
For certain #men have crept in unnoticed, who long ago were marked out for this #condemnation, ungodly #men, who [1/2]
If countries are against America and Israel against Iran , they are not our friends.
so let me make sure i got this right, while your presidency is melting down, you've been working on a plan to build a monument? #HR873
This is being used to stop the gov. from building an already approved 100 million $project
Looking forward to Trump's second term, first one is very entertaining so far
But what have you done to combat actual terrorism? You still haven't wiped out ISIS. Memorials nice, no terrorism would be better #TrumpLies
thank you mr trump. the best presideint we will have
So, you really like statues huh @realDonaldTrump
i to you can
Did you read this one at all?
Did U use spell check? Probably not. Since no one surrounding U would have the balls to correct, it probably reeks w/ misspellings.
Dude! You're tooting your horn about this? Oh how the 'wanted to be mighty' have fallen.
I love the diversity in your photo opportunities ... =/
It would be great if you could work on communicating a little better with English. Thanks
DEMAND Executive Order to protect Memorial Monuments that are Confederate! They are Veterans of War and should remain untouched.
Resign, now
They stuck it in your face at just the right time. Otherwise you would have objected. We know how you REALLY are.
FEAR NOT!!! TRUMP T=TRUMP R=RUNS U=UNDER M=MARY'S P=PROTECTION
Our Lady's Peace Plan, Over Atheistic Communism...Family Rosary
TY !
It's time for us to kick some snowflakes pussy asses.
And do ANY of you, who bash and bash away, habe any viable solutions to the issues you so readily complain about?!? Di you offer any hope
It's a man's world and presidential cabinet looking at this picture. Very few minorities allowed!
if you didn't move your filthy lips, you would never lie again.  Lol.  Be grateful you have kids,  extra hands to help
Not really signing very much on your campaign promises though, are you? Days are numbered trump, push or jump I wonder?
Well that is certainly presidential.
Next, are you going to try to pass a real law?! LOL Memos don't mean you're leading.
I hope you included #AntifaTerroristOrganization in that? Act now before it's to late, because this lot haven't seen real conservatism!
So, when will your administration start to call the bombing of a mosque domestic terrorism?
Trump usa
But you won't acknowledge home grown terrorists or neo nazis as terrorists. RESIGN.
The War on Terror is a farce. You can't have war on a thing. We're only creating more terrorism by spreading anger and bombs.
Here from the USA partner country in fight against terrorism https://twitter.com/AriMuradd/status/902218526005583872 …
#ComradeTrump I hope you are found guilty of treason & the American people get to see you executed for your treacherous way of life.
Awwwwww, little finger!
Better start here with the  White Supremacist hate violence rallies encourage by you @realDonaldTrump #NoTrumpRallies
Who cares what you do.

"Man wearing explosives vest shot..." Nope no Islamic terrorism here. Must be workplace violence? #FakeNews https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/21/world/europe/spain-catalunya-barcelona-imam.html … 
Hooray
Please suspend FY18 Refugee Admissions Program so we can be safe in our own land. More migrants are coming to US on Oct 1. Please stop this!
You can't win a single person with your power, You can win entire world with your sigle positive action if you powerful.
BROADCAST GREAT THINGS YOU ARE DOING AT YOUR RALLIES-GO ALL OVER US-KEEP FOCUS ON AGENDA-SCREW MEDIA @POTUS @seanhannity
Ha ha.
Do you think this helps anyone do anything?
Wow, quite an accomplishment, lol
She should resign!
Godspeed Mr. President!
Anything for a good photo op. Don't recall seeing this while @BarackObama was in office. But you love your apprentice like boardroom setting
This USAF and US Gov Deploy able Aviation GS 12 retired Thanks you so much (been to all of them since VN Era War to Iraq and all in between
Don't answer to the media anymore we don't want to give them any talk great job we love u !!! There still so many people who believe in you
Not so many anymore.  Some have woken up to the truth.  Others, well....
#TrumpResign
Thank you Mr. President. .
No we don't.  He doesn't have ours. Returning the favor.
Hi Donald, I edited the picture for you to what it really is

#Boston 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
You don't need to finish the terrorist from http://world.you  need to finish terrorist from your own country.

Did you sign your name right?
Everyone looks so happy in that photo. Almost like a funeral.

lol 'war on terror'. What a load of absolute bollocks.
Get antifa
Islam = Islam = radical Islam. Quran instructs 2 behead the infidel by the sword, everyone who won't convert 2 Islam. A religion of peace?
THIS BILL HERE, HOW DOES THIS HELP ANYONE!!! YOU ARE BAT CRAP CRAZY!
Great job 
It would be nice if you can really take care of all Vet's Thank you President Donald Trump for Memorial
You have a hard time condemning terrorism here though

nobody likes you
They're looking over your shoulder to make sure you spell your name correctly. Don't forget: 2 esses in "Asshole".
#TerrorismNationwideDomisticAsWellGlobal @realDonaldTrump #All4Supremesist ?
We need a complete Ban on White Supremacists coming into the Country. Oh wait!
How about the War on Neoliberal opportunistic BAD WARS act. You sign that one yet?
Great job! I'm praying for you Mr. President
Nice Thank u @POTUS 4 standing strong & never back down from a fight. 
Thank you for principle-based, generous, enlightened, focused & magnanimous LEADERSHIP (we have lacked since mid 90's) dear Sir. God blesses
Thanks.  Gave me my laugh of the day.
Oh, so you're spending my money.
Why so the Democrats can tear it down when it offends someone.
#MAGA @realDonaldTrump
Yep.  Safe from home grown terrorists.  Not.
your act is giving the darkness to USA. your economy is also in crises.resolve issues with diloge not war.war is last weapn
I hope it includes Antifa
What about the easiest terrors you defend
You guys need to hire a fucking editor before you sign shit. One of your bills turned Florida into Flornamea.
Tell the truth to American people... what is the exact impact of your signing this paper?  Not much.  Time for honesty.
Since the first day of attack in Afghanistan by US, world is becoming more unsafe day by day!  Could have invested war trillions in welfare!
Look at all those white people.
I'm finally proud of my President & Vice President!  It was no coincidence that God paired the two of you!  God bless you!
Great, thanks
Great
How will this help?
This photo is so ridiculous! Let's all cast our gaze upon the Supreme Leader, as he does something wise and powerful for our nation. ROFL!
Meaningless bullshit.
But yet, you can't see the damaged white supremacist are to this country! They are terrorist!!!!
Perhaps if you had not given the Russians highly classified Information regarding our cyberspace, our sailors would still be alive today.
Did you include the WHITE SUPREMACISTS on your global-national  terrorists group
Grest
In Saudi Arabia we suffered allot fm terrorist whom has caused so many deaths & destroyed so many government buildings,Thanks to our leaders
Now because of idiots the same will happen here.
Believe me idiots everywhere, The different is publics reflection s
Aww you signed something...well done lil guy
Sign for something that can control the population of black people #do something
Were are the women...????
The only piece of paper I want your signature on is your resignation letter..
You better care for the far right agitors in your won country. Against KKK and Breitbart, alt right and so on. That is terrorism
Why doesn't US fight its own war in Afghanistan? Why pressurising Pakistan over it? Pakistan has suffered enough. Fight your own wars
Did all that run on sentence mean they can erect a statue? Obviously these big words are not your own
WHAT ABOUT THE GLOBAL WAR ON GLOBAL WARMING? YOU CARE ABOUT YOU AND YOU ONLY. DICTATOR TRUMP. HORRIBLE DESPICABLE, ORANGE HAIR RUG
wowie! you're such a champ passing new bills, ain'tcha?! I'm sure your wrist is tired. Best to go play some more golf.
Hell yaaa
Bana böyle bakan biri olmadı be trump babaa ...
#MAGA3X!  #DrainTheSwamp! #TRUMP!
Oh - #MaraLagoboycott 
http://www.palmbeachzoo.org/zoo-gala-move-from-mar-a-lago …
@EricTrump / @DonaldJTrumpJr
how much did you pay the extras to take a photo with you?
Thanks @realDonaldTrump for the Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act. I feel safer already! @FakePOTUS @PropeFinem
my prayer, let God bless you and ur nation will be better, Amen!
Are Nazis, White Supremacists and KKK also named as Terrorist Organizations in Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act? TIMOTHY MCVEIGH OKC
GAS THE KIKES RACE WAR NOW
