Good meeting with @POTUS Donald Trump and @FLOTUS Melania Trump at the Royal Palace of #Brussels #Belgium 
Trump is embarrassing out nation at NATO. His speech is a disaster. His ignorance, small vocabulary and the asinine content oozes dumbness
Sorry for the typo. "our"

Really stupid
Thank you for the warm welcome to Brussels, Belgium this afternoon! https://twitter.com/monarchiebe/status/867430244504006660 …...
Wait NATO you said it was bad really sorry I voted for you
If you feel more sorry, then please call your Senators and Representatives to complain.
@CharlesCNorton @koleburu @realDonaldTrump
did you miss all the protesters?
You're doing a fantastic job Mr. President making all TRUE Americans very proud. Disregard the mindless, traitorous, guttersnipes.
Warm welcome? Weren't they protesting you? Or were those just "paid protesters" too?
Who cares. They obviously do not have jobs like the socialists here. Grow up you big baby. America first?
How did it feel to see the protesters? You're a huge embarrassment to our great country. #TrumpNotWelcome #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Eddie is disappointed every time he looks in the mirror. Get lost Troll
Must feel nice after all the chill from your wife
You keep thinking that Donald Trump I think that you will find it you don't have very little friends
What secret info have you got for them?!
You're welcome
Did 45's staff brief the clown-in-chief and let him know that Belgium is NOT in the Middle East .. just in case 45 opens his mouth.
Orange blabber mouth
Did they ask you to stay? I mean, will you please just stay there... forever?
No, he is coming back to dig us out of the gigantic hole obama got us in.
Thank you for making America great again!
They're planning a party after you leave



 Border Wall Design 
   Watch and Share 
         
https://youtu.be/3o0pi2nUGP4  
Good place to waffle on everything you promised.
Please stick to the script! You'll be just fine if you read the statement as written. 
@MonarchieBe @POTUS @FLOTUS Huh?
Your wife does not even to hold your tiny hands, She wants a strong BBC
Erdogan verabschiedet sich aus Europa, da, wo er nie war... lassen wir ihn dort, und grüßen meine türkischen Freunde, die gerne hier sind


Your mobile roaming plan is rubbish. You're like a student trying to blag wifi from one city to the next
Brussels has threatened Poland with $2B in fines. Poland refuses to accept migrants
How's that hell hole doing these days?
Remember when I recently said that Brussels is a "hell hole" and a mess and the failing @nytimes wrote a critical article. I was so right!
https://twitter.com/ZakZales/status/862360652584812545/video/1 …
Lol. https://twitter.com/zakzales/status/867490629726732288 …
Why are they acting like that video is new? It's been around for some time!  I've always enjoyed it! 
So it's no longer a hellhole like you called it?
Did he seriously say that? I didn't catch that one

Last year, Trump called Brussels a "hellhole." I'm sure that's going over well. https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/867473100434161664 …
I don't know – the bar is so low that it's grinding through the floor at this point so it doesn't seem to matter anymore
You are such an honorable President. After 8 years in darkness it's finally nice to serve under a President worth being proud of. Thank you!
I Agree with Mark ! President Trump Rocks !!!
Greatest Pro-Military President in the history of our Great Republic!!
I So Agree ! You Can't Fake Great ! President Trump Is Making Amarica Great Again !!!
How?
Jobs up. Stock market up. Mood great. Everything is going the right direction. Seems amazing. #MAGA. Only liars disagree.
What are you smoking...?

tRump is a complete train wreck...a true embarrassment...
My supporters would believe that the earth is flat if they heard it on @foxnews
Approval ratings way up! Interesting how your approval ratings have gone so far up since the FAKE NEWS MEDIA began their witch hunt 

#MAGA
37% WTF are you talking about?!?
Yes those thousands of protesters were very warm.
The looks of solidarity and empathy are always so telling from whomever sits across from @FLOTUS 
Yes we all feel sorry for her, imagine going to bed with gross orange ass man every night.

This is a better profile picture for you... Yes you are welcome.
Save your meme dear I'm not even a liberal. I'm just not stupid to stand with Drumpf.
https://twitter.com/comermd/status/864665987043536896/video/1 …
You're just ridiculous!
Joshua 3:7
And the Lord said to Joshua, “This day I will begin to exalt you in the sight of all Israel, that they may [1/2]
know that, as I was with Moses, so I will be with you. [2/2]
What about all that adulterous behaviour your orange spray tan savior engages in
.@realDonaldTrump
You're already doing so much damage, neither anyone else nor I can keep up writing you. #RESIGN
Israel changes intelligence-sharing rules after Trump leaks info to Russians: report http://hill.cm/UD4nlln  
.@realDonaldTrump 
This one: not going over well at all. Were you thinking, "I'm an autocrat. I'm God. I'm Trump."
Do not give 45 any intel! He's getting people killed. 45 is an illegitimate POTUS!

If you could describe @williamlegate  in 1 word, what would that word be?  
Wtf trump. I voted for u because you said you wouldn't mess with my parents Social security or medicade. I'm going enjoy your downfall
You're just not too bright and your lies about Clinton won't suddenly become true because you have a "video" that makes outrageous claims.
You need 2 realize the Clintons sold us out just like bill sold Arkansas out before the white house
RETWEET IF YOU LOVE PRESIDENT TRUMP!!!

#MAGA 
Cake?
TY @POTUS for doing such a fine job representing our country in Europe and the ME. We are proud of you!  #POTUSAbroad
I've said it before, I'll say it again; I've personally never been MORE PROUD of a President since I started paying attention 20 years ago!
Same here. Reagan is the only other @POTUS  I can recall feeling pride about. Obama, Clinton, and Bush 2 were embarrassments to me.
I was in Grade School and Junior high during the Reagan years so I was more worried about sports and girls. I liked W, but disappointed.
Thank you @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS @VP for loving  and putting #AmericaFirst. We have been waiting years for this to happen!!
You have been waiting years for having a childish, mental ill 
embarrassment as President?
And even if all you say is true, he's still better than Obama or Hillary. What does that make them?
I know you are but what am I?
Did you tell them you just got back from Europe?

#MarchForTruth is June 3rd NATIONALLY! Spread this video far & wide! We demand answers! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AiHLV2yLZlQ … #TrumpRussia #resist
People like you are the problem. You carry the same views as terrorists, just aimed at a different religion
You realise that there's stuff in the bible that is equally bad?
I have permission to say whatever I like. Rule 1 of Twitter
Belgium is a wonderful city!  you truly make goats look smart 
I thought you felt that Brussels was a hellhole? @FLOTUS doesn't want to hold your hand in case she catches stupid?
Run out of ideas?
Are you kidding me? He gives me new material daily 
And we enjoy every minute of it  
Yes we do 
Great...only 8 more years, though.
Aha typical liberals. Incapable of an actual argument
That wasn't an argument. It was a statement.
Trump is being thankful for the welcome in Brussels, and the liberal says "fuck you" you see anything wrong there?
It's probably the same as 85% of the Dutch would've said.
@RepublicanRange  why do you even support him bro? He seems to nothing right for his people and let's not forget his pussy grabbin antics 
Name one time trump actually grabbed one
Well he did say it didnt he? Do you agree with the fact that he did say it? Just answer me with a yes or no.
Apparently you missed the thousands protesting you in the streets. They are standing with #TheResistance  and against #Trumprussia .
Wow thousands. Did all of Brussels show up or just the snowflakes?
Wow were you born foolish or is that recently learned.
Well my foolishness is highier than your knowledge
Improper use. Higher is incorrect. Greater is a better option Einstein. Snort.
Goes to show it's still higher
You actually choose to continue? Be prepared because the snowflakes of #TheResistance are getting ready to roar. "Day of reckoning" is here.
Cmon really, roar. All you do is melt and cry
Did you call the Prime Minister Jean-Claude Van Damme and get him to sign your 'Timecop' DVD?
Why don't u leave jerkoff
Don't do this for followers jerkoff
I call it as I see it and you are a jerkoff
Did u see how many turned out to see PRESIDENT OBAMA?????
Almost as much as your UGE crowds
10,000 people picketed they didn't welcome you by any means stop lying to the American people
 Just like Melania, right?  Pointing & laughing!!
À Bruxelles, unis avec nos alliés de @NATO. 
Mathafuker
please do not say anything off the top of your head as it is embarrassing to hear you speak to other leaders!
Thank you for leaving so soon!
Really? You must of seen something the rest of the world didn't see?! You think your condescending speech & lack of commitment was welcome?
One True thing is , Not even  Trump is POWERFUL enough to stop the fucking COWARDS "ESTABLISHMENT" WE NEED TO TAKE AMERICA BACK.,FUCK ASKING
Thousands of people protested your arrival there , you baffoon. 
Make America great again.
Please resign.
That shit is funny. Did u see the crowd outside chanting that you need to go! BRUSSELS THANK U we feel the same in the U.S.
Lol...They were throwing up
Got a problem with Germany selling so many cars to the US, how about you stop building shitty cars?
Thank God you didn't get Brussels, Belgium confused with Brussel sprouts!
Is it still a "hellhole"?

Obama's crowd in Germany today. Former president in a foreign country w/ a larger audience than Trump's inauguration. 
Oh, and let's not forget that Brussels actually is a hell hole. The Flemish are a weird folk!
It would be extremely grand if you would resign and stay there.
Nice but I don't think they like you.they protested you or was that fake news I saw
Not even lukewarm! @POTUS44 rocked his venue! Standing O!
Warm welcome? Nobody likes or respects you. You are vastly unpopular, & for good reason. You are a sad little bully.
and you respond by shoving another leader aside.  You are a complete and total disgrace to this country!
They were so nice even tho you've insulted them mercilessly.Have you apologized to Spicer for dashing his hopes to meet Pope?You're sick.
You embarrassed this entire nation overseas. What a disaster.
Yes! Because you certainly won't get one in your own country.
Warm welcome?  We saw the thousands of protesters and heard them chanting for you to go home! You live in your own little world!  Crazy!
Obama got a bigger welcome in Germany with no protest!
And they are all getting together after you leave for cocktails and gales of laughter. You are a total nincompoop! MAKING AMERICA A JOKE!
it was not warm,....we all saw it....fake news
Germans LOVED Obama's visit! How we all wish he was still President Obama
, how did you like those tens of thousands of protesters?
#fetushands
Amazing job your doing @PresidentTrump The leftist are desperate and it shows. You have much more support than you know. KEEP IT UP!!! ♡☆♡☆♡
The cat...

@@ A Canadian, a Cuban, and a white supremacist walk into a bar. The bartender says, "What will you have Senator Cruz?"
warm welcome? Isnt this the place you called a hell hole? Didnt 9 to 10 thousand people protest you being there? Real warm
Cool at the Vatican with the exception of Melania. She's the best part of you. She knows protocol. No hand holding in Saudi Arabia.
That ‘Belgium is a beautiful city’ isn't it. 
WARM...trust me the POPE and NATO MEMBERS think you are a crack pot.
How did the handshake go this time?

You got a bit pushy...do you have zip for manners? Such an embarrassment! Btw those crowds were not welcoming you they were protesting you!
Wanna do the USA a favor, stay there, Stupid. #impeachtrump Europe has good deals on #viagra. #tuboflard
Just saw the 4th Circuit (that's an appeals court, you impossibly dumb fuck) decision.  You must be exhausted from winning.
Warm welcome? They protested you ass hat. They don't want you in their Country. We don't want you in ours either 
Who is this? must be an aid.  Trump isn't this reserved or dignified.  It's more entertaining for our Realtor In Chief to vomit out words.
Since you once described Brussels as a "hell hole", it ought to be warm!
Such a warm welcome that they said they hate you
@MonarchieBe @POTUS @FLOTUS  you like to push people
Is @BarackObama still stalking you?
Belgium is too good for you!!!!
With "warm" he speaks of the flamethrower brigade trying to roast his imperial majesty, Donny I.
They gave you your phone back yay!
As of May 24, 2017,  only 39 percent of Americans approve of President Trump, with 55 percent of the country disapproving.  NOT FAKE!!!
Total fake libtard.  100 percent with people who voted him in
Laughed my ass off watching you get snubbed very publicly! Best show ever! 
Tweety, they are all laughing at you, not with you!
Resign now!
I thought there were 1000's demonstrating against you!
I have a strong craving to eat brussell sprouts tonight.
Warm welcome??? You must be watching Fox again.  That's not what the REAL news stations are reporting!!! You are such an embarrassment!!!
Warm? They march in protest of your visit, and wanted you to leave. Facts are stubborn things.
March to Washington DC and set camp to protest and protect Americans
STOP TREATING CLASSIFIED INFORMATION LIKE WATER COOLER CHAT WITH OFFICE BUDDIES!!!!!
Brussels is also where the headquarters for the European Union is : Not favorable to ou t @POTUS!
Even though they were snickering as you made your idiotic speech? They know you're a draft Dodger talking about the need for NATO
Warm welcome??? WE SAW THE PROTESTS
Your the man President Trump!!!
80K Germans Cheer Obama and boo Trump
@MonarchieBe @POTUS @FLOTUS
Meanwhile back here in the U.S., many of us are getting excited about the very real possibility of you going to prison for Obstruction :-)
You made us proud Trump! Nato speech and push ! America is not weak no more ! Thank you
Were you there?
Wasn't a warm welcome.
Perhaps the delusion once again of your inauguration.
Thousands protested you....
Did you see the Rock Star welcome Barack received? Don't be pawning those crowd shots off as yours.
People need to start asking WHY (paraphrasing - by your words) "all of the foreign countries just love you" when America despises you.
We saw the crowd protesting you; I wouldn't call that a warm welcome.
Thank you Mr President.. you are making America Great Again already 
Warm welcome?  Ha!  9000 protesters is a warm welcome? You Have LOST YOUR MIND!
You mean THIS warm welcome?

Did you tell them you just left Europe?  #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #TrumpLies #Melania #Focus #resist #MarchForTruth 
Keep Tweeting Mr. President.  You're Tweets separate fact from media fiction.
R U serious? There were thousands of protesters! Maybe you need glasses...

FireHannity sure hope this is not the beautiful child in your picture using the words above. Be ashamed.
say we IMMEDIATELY STOP supporting ALL of them militarily if they dont pay up. Pull all troops until they pay up.
Well, OBAMA , just got a HERO,S welcome in 
Germany, and there were NO protesters. What does that tell you, Donald?
Greeted by 6,000 protestors.  I guess that's warmer than the million+ that marched against you at the #WomensMarch. #GlobalResistance
You consider 10,000 protesters a warm welcome? You really are losing touch with reality.
Did you get Melania to hold your hand yet or did you have to slap her on the butt again? #misogynist
Is it true you refused to make the defense pledge? These are our allies! We are all in this together!
http://www.politico.eu/article/trump-brussels-protes-thousands-belgium-europe/ …
Warm welcome? Delusional Donny. Protesters BOOING U. Next day U embarrassed Us again NATO ALLIES laughing&rolling their eyes.#IMPEACH
Donald Trump should take lessons from a responsible intelligent honest articulate World Leader like Angela Markell.
You said it was a hell hole.What happened?
They made time for and met all Heads of State.  You weren't special.
Apparently you forgot about the protestors who welcomed you first.
You made an impression. Belgian officials say they've never seen anyone put away so much chocolate. Oink, piggy.

Get lost with your fake nonsense
Bet they didn't feel that way when u left.
Ta gueule
how many people did little donnie push out of the way to be first in line. Looked like little 7 year old bully. Look at me.
Gosh! Someone told him where Brussels is and he remembered long enough to tweet about it!
And by warm you mean thousands & thousands of anti-trump protesters #Loser
Sick LIBERALS
did you  forget to  mention the  huge  protest  in Brussels. Not so warm welcome  more like  ice  cold
About those protesters....
