If there was a god, which there isn't, I would pray that he tell you to resign.
Amen President Trump
#MAGA .
@foxnation @foxandfriends @HouseGOP have u TOTALLY lost ur mind? PPLe need help not empty "prayer"!
Cynicism knows no bounds. On reflection he'd have made quite a good bible thumping pastor.
THERES KIDS ON THE STREETS FATTY
Right because he's a religious and shit
Again going to taxsas to show your and melane's face that both are alive. don't think that the victims are waiting for you.
Saying Oh God while you're getting a hummer is not prayer Donnie
Make the Western Hemisphere strong, for the Untied States to reach its top potential.

North, south, Central America.
So excellent! I will be praying even MORE on 9/3...MORE POWER IN UNITED PRAYER!
All rise. Caesar has spoken.
We are all praying for your rapid impeachment!
God Bless bringing faith back to the Whitehouse on so many levels! We have faith that you will walk the talk not just talk like Congress
Ok
Really? Evangelism in the Oval office.  Wow.  Please resign Mr. Trump.

"This will solve EVERYTHING," she said sarcastically.
Too bad that almighty power of prayer couldn't have been used before the hurricane hit...
Is a #nationaldayofprayer even constitutional? It's the most #Harvey victims will get from #Trump himself is a & a 
You're tweeting during your own press conference. Did you decide Sarah is not doing a good job?
Prayer won't help these people.  They need money!  And what gives you the right to bring religion into our government???
Dishonest Traitor Pig needs to stop gesticulating and go to Jail for Treason  !
WHAT IS CONT?
You have got to be kidding me. Day of prayer?????? No freaking way you pray to anything but the dollar. This is rampant hypocrisy.
The day u step inside a church and not for the fried chicken, that will be a day!! Ever hear of separation of Church and State?
Resign
To which gods?
Should have been  Trump "Proclaims Sept 3 Day of Prayer for Texas Victims of Harvey"
Yeah, and this is not one of them. He didn't say that praying was mandatory.
I think you meant to say " He didn't specify that you pray to the Christian God." BUT, endorsing prayer infringes on rights of Atheists.
Endorsing doesn't, enforcing does. I should know, I'm an atheist.
3 Years, 4 Months, 18 Days, 21 Hours, 12 Minutes, and 37 Seconds
*7 Years, 4 Months, 18 Days, 21 Hours, 12 Minutes, and 37 Seconds
Stop! Quit! Leave!
This is like @JoelOsteen actually practicing what he preaches.  Bogus coming from you!
What are you going to do next?  Tell America to pray the gay away?
You are a huge fraud and your own party is starting to realize it.
You should be praying for forgiveness of all your many sins!  That still won't stop Mueller!
Your day of judgment is coming. And in this case Mueller is God


I pray that you resign as soon as possible sir. 
Do it for the country. 
Do it for Texas. 
Do it for humanity.   
Thank you!
9/11 and 11/9 were the 2 worst mornings for America.. #JustSaying
Whacking this troll!
DON'T FORCE RELIGION ON OUR YOUTH
Your 2 followers would be proud of your "resistance"
Lol
Dear Trump,

America is way ahead of you on praying
Maybe listen to the Pope

and not build a Racist Wall that won’t work?
Maybe listen to Rabbis?

cancelled High Holy Days call to protest Trump on Nazis
Trump can start by stopping tearing the country apart!

Even Fox News admits
Least religious man in U.S. history lies and panders to cover up his crimes 
https://twitter.com/cbj_dreams/status/778983373540888576/photo/1pic.twitter.com/FZXxFQP4qD 
This is to appease his crazy, racist, christian base thats all! Satan will be pissed at Trump now lol
Isaiah 49:25
But thus says the #Lord: “Even the #captives of the #mighty shall be taken away, And the #prey of the [1/2]
terrible be delivered; For I will contend with him who contends with you, And I will save your #children. [2/2]
John 8:12
Then #Jesus spoke to them again, saying, “I am the #light of the #world. He who follows Me shall not walk in [1/2]
#darkness, but have the #light of #life.” [2/2]
You are insane mate
Insanity is continuing to DO EVIL in the sight of a HOLY GOD!
Lived in NYC my entire life and can tell you that "Trump" and "prayer" were not close business associates.
@POTUS please retweet that. You were right.
Oh puke. I will pray for you and your family to all go to jail. Get out of our White House.
@POTUS  I was going to retweet your Sept 1 comment about Comey exhonerating Hillary
It’s BEEN a national day of prayer way before you got into the White House. 
'President Donald J. Trump Proclaims September 3, 2017, as a National Day of Prayer' #HurricaneHarvey #PrayForTexas… htt...
Try helping Puerto Rico before our people STARVE under you, T, disaster relief.
Pelosi not good for America She needs to get a grip and a job she can do ???Father grandfather American My flag And Love my PRESIDENT. CRCXM
@POTUS  but it has been removed.
No matter how hard you, @VP, @BetsyDeVosED, @jeffsessions et al try, you WILL NOT turn this into some bizarre church state. No way, no how.
Too bad all these negative people don't move to a better country than the USA.  Oh, I forgot there isn't one.
Thank you @POTUS for your strength, wisdom and willingness to save this country! No one else would do it. You are our blessing from God. May He protect you & your family until His will is done.
What a crock.
How do you explain to your children would a racist their grandfather is??
We still have a separation of church and state for a reason! Called Establishment clause and you're dangerously close to overstepping it.
#IvankasEvilDad #TrumpEvilFamily "The White House as demonstrators rally against...phase-out of the DACA program"
Maybe they will pray for all of these women to appear:
Ivanka Just Helped Make It Harder for “Women Who Work” to Expose Wage Discrimination #TrumpKushnerCrimeFamily
And we are all busy praying for him to immediately resign or a quick impeachment
No not all of us
Maybe you should pray that your father will receive some mental health therapy.
NATIONAL PRAYER DAY
Never even heard about it.
Well, then do it today! ... It's NEVER to late to 
PRAY
You're really fucking with us now
Are you praying for the Dreamers? Hypocrite. #Complicit
Your daddy's a liar...I mean, we all know you know, but just want you to know we know that you know 
We are praying Mueller works quickly and your impeached
He's a liar he should pray for his self
Ironic much...comrade hasn't prayed his whole atheist life...what a piece of Russian loving shit...bye bye Jared
Separation of church and state?  It's fine to pray but I don't that the government should be endorsing any one religion. Which this does...
You missed the point. Shouldn't be a blurred line of directives from the government recognizing a religion. His order mentions scriptures
September 3rd is also my Dad's Birthday.   love  & prayers to all.
Presidential proclamation is the only way you can achieve anything I guess. Remember, prayers can be in any religion!
Thank you for this.  I know that @realDonaldTrump will only pray when people are watching.  What they don't know is he is praying to me.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1756261547721632&id=1161969450484181 …
Praise Allah
Beautiful! Thank you & God Bless!!
praying for you to #RESIGN
My prayer is psalm 109:8.
You don't take religion seriously. Father an adulterer multiple times. Husband is a liar (father too). Y'all hurt people. Prayer? Really?
Thank you Mr. President!  I am so grateful to you.  May God bless you and your Beautiful family.

How about we ban religion as a whole, instead of sticking with outdated beliefs that do nothing to help those in need?
Wow. That's a stretch. Proud of your dad today, are you, Ivanka? #DACA Shame on him and you.  @realDonaldTrump

So today is pray day? Well thank you for meddling in my affairs, but no thank you, I got this!
Global Warming? "Irma as intense as storms get in Atlantic.  The Category 5 storm packs winds of 185 mph; this yr’s strongest storm on Earth
I will be praying for Texas, Oregon, Montana and that u r removed from office NOW.  LOCK HIM UP!!!!!
Little Ivanka has been very quiet the last few days. Contemplating hubbys fate?  Or making more Chinese deals?
Got it...finally got that fast scroll to stop screaming by & saw you included all faiths. Cool.
#DeportMelania #DeportMelania #DeportMelania #DeportMelania #DeportMelania #DeportMelania #DeportMelania #DeportMelania
May 4th is the national day of prayer.  Your father is not orignal. He is a fraud setting up photo-ops. SAD

National day of prayer, insult our allies, taunt our enemy and end DACA, because being a narcissistic, racist, bigot, etc. weren't enough.
Beatiful! when someone need be help & in our hands haven't nothing Good prayes is as all cangive the best of Everyone & a part of our heart.
Belief in a "higher power" is nothing short of mental illness. It's the 21st century, for fuck's sakel
Amen
Gonna get down on my knees and pray... we don't get fooled again.
Don't get your pants dirty...fool.
Even in Europe we pray all day long for you and your fake family to leave the WH.
Once we log the IPs of these negative Nellies America will know where to send the black busses.
Um, we are a secular nation. Not okay. Unless of course you start doing Muslim, Jewish, Hindu, ECT prayers too.
@IvankaTrump I am praying that you and your awful family leave our White House and never return. Your family is destroying our nation! #DACA
What about those of us that don't practice religion? We live in a free country.  Not a religious sect.
Is daddy using national prayer day to pray he won't go to prison? Cuz I'm praying he does.
1 John 2:4New Life Version (NLV)

4 Anyone who says, “I know Him,” but does not obey His teaching is a liar. There is no truth in him.
Way to pander to the evangelicals. You don't have faith in God. You only have faith in yourself.
Does this mean daddy can't hire hookers to pee in front of him on this the holiest of days?
I'm praying you resign, are impeached, and GO TO PRISON!
Posting proclamations in the 3rd person. You are ill. I will pray for YOU & our country that you are managing like 1 of your bankrupt biz's
You have no heart or soul. You are evil.
Pray for all the children who came to this country with their parents dreaming of a better life,until your piece of crap father crushed that
Keep religion to yourself please
You people have to be kidding! When did your family ever pray together? Lol not all Americans are that stupid as to believe any Trump.
Prey or pray?
Pray for the victims of DACA
@IvankaTrump  I think Trump fell asleep.
Ever hear of separation of church and state?
I WILL PRAY AS I NEVER HAVE B4 #hurrymueller #saveusmueller
I'm praying he keeps his promise and donates $1M
Your dad is a Racist
Praying the corruption is removed from the White House. Even the Pope said Trump isn't Christian. Actions speak louder. #ImpeachTrump
Yes. We're all-Christians, Muslims, Buddhists et al- prayers for @realDonaldTrump impeachment & your arrest daughter-wife.

You are not a Christian.
A cowardly act by a cruel, vindictive and heartless administration intent on tearing at the very fabric of the American dream. #shame https://twitter.com/abc/status/905084570567008256 …
If there is a God and a Devil, which one will get to play with the soul of an avaricious, pussy grabbing, racist hypocrite?
You don't want to know what I'll be praying for, along with over 65 million others.
Oh please!  Trump and his stupid proclamation days. Didn't stop him on prayer day to axe DACA.
DACA is wonderful and great and makes USA special.
Yes. No further comment to stupid people tonight.
Our prayers are for your swift departure.
Tell DADDIO to stop "LAUNCHING TWEETS" that lift off in smoke and fire, and then with a roar disappear into nowhere. Mattis calls the shots!
Javanka, U should be prayin 4 urself. Law is on ur tail. Felix Sater, Bayrock, trump soho, money laundering. AG @AGSchneiderman  prison 4 U
#MAGAidea

Pray Every Day !
What the serious fuck?  They need more than just videos of Trump feigning religious practices.
Are we allowed to pray to whatever God we want? Otherwise, I'm not participating.
Yes EVERYONE should pray today (and everyday) to survive in a country where your family is in charge. Despicable people.
He is just trying to become part of the real Collective Dictatorship in America.
And the American ppl proclaim it... #CanIGetAnAMEN
Dreamers are more American than those who sell out their country to enemy foreign powers for ideology & power! They pay taxes too!
@IvankaTrump Real news= #trumprussia #treason #altright +trolling was+is hateful! You harmed US +Your kids will learn truth
Next 8 day  don't know  hurricane  touch  land fall  every  jam up then 80 % people  Texas  no  flood insurance
PRAY FOR ALL THE CHILDREN HE'S GOING TO DEPORT
http://conservativetribune.com/cnn-panic-man-identified/amp/ … @TeamTrump
@IvankaTrump  daddy went to a shelter where people lost it all and he told them "have fun"
You, Entire Crooked Administration, & The Trump Crime Family better start praying - crumbling like a cookie!
Your wife empowers women and children
https://twitter.com/MightyQuinnUSA/status/904326043154223104 …
Your racist Daddy doesn't get to call "National Day of Prayer" & refuse to to # DefendDACA while going to Episocopal church. We reject hate!
Yes!!!! 
#Russia
POTUS is a great man  I feel sorry for people who can't see that.Thank GOD he is in the White House!!!!!

I can't wait for the Trumps to be out of the Whitehouee. I don't see how Anyone can't trust them!
@BigStick2013 May GOD bless you Pres.Trump, VP Pence & your families and our great country!Thank you once again!
I m Hiroshima tod 3000.00000.000kids frauen kinder
Hate to break it too you but this FAKE pres has no need to declare today national prayer day as it's Sunday
Some reading 4u as u twiddle ur thumbs in the W. Wing: http://www.vogue.com/article/donald-ivanka-trump-roll-back-equal-pay-measure/amp …
We have been praying. For your impeachment
I'm praying Bob Mueller boots you out of office soon! I am so tired of being embarrassed by your lying lips!!!
You should be praying for forgiveness, after you've supported a father who wants to destroy the planet, women, minorities.

God is back in the White House!
Everyday another racist act by ur father! Every. Friggin. Day...ur father is a psychopath n defending off the record is not enuf! #complicit
Thank you, Mr. President. A truly great and excellent leader always allows God to lead through their actions, words and decisions.
#Super President Trump will triumph Over EviL!

Sure! I'll be praying that you get #impeached very soon!
If I don't pray will I be blackballed from the NFL?
Our President's heritage nation of SCOTLAND TODAY CONSECRATES NATION TO IMMACULATE HEART OF MARY!!! Amen (as is America: did you know this?
I am praying you get put in jail. A judge will "proclaim" that, loser.
I see you know nothing about the legal system or lawyers today...lol
GRIFTERS
Meaningless twaddle. A total waste of time and energy & from a steaming hypocrite at that...
Praying that your father is removed from office
Ivanka why not donate some of your crappy ass clothes to help the victims you coke snorting hypocritical brat #Mueller
