Look how much the stock market GDP is gone up and he hasn't even gotten started yet go president Donald J Trump
Still #ObamasNumbers  - his fiscal year doofus.  Riding the wave #Obama started.  Stop taking credit for the achievements of # Obama.

Genau wäre alles nicht passiert ohne the famous Mr. Dump.
So peinlich, schiach und blöd poor US
Right, not under Obama under Trump
Yeah, Trump is reaping the benefits that Obama worked so hard to put in place after the greatest economic disaster since the depression
When are we going to tackle the price of dental care? Policies stink and and dental prices go unchecked and over priced.

fiscal year.
Obama's fiscal year is not over with, so this is still all thanks to him. Trump has done nothing to keep those numbers going past Obama's
PRESIDENT TRUMP IS THE BEST PRESIDENT THE USA HAS EVER HAD IN THE LAST 35 YEAR'S THANK GOD FOR GIVING US A TRUE AMERICAN
As they say, if you keep saying it over and over again, people will believe it. But, the intelligent in the crowd no better.
So....what is it exactly that 45 has done for these results? Just curious
Thats awesome. Lot of faith in this man obviosly
Hell yeah. Trump 2020


Omg hand on forehead!
How's Puerto Rico doing? Are you at the golf course again instead of doing your job? #maga
Eat that obama
Nope, still Obama, have until Sunday, this shit has been put to rest.
Cause it's all about the money of the top 1%.
#ProUSArevolution succeeding!!
The only thing I care about is getting our Washington criminals in jail Andrea strengthening the foundation of America
Cashed in today

Do the Republican Rino's & Democrats know this?  If so...do they care??...OR they want to continue making you look bad?
Tired of #WINNING? 

#MAGA @POTUS #TRUMP #Truth 
Heck no. I love it.
then guess the rich don't need more money in taxes do they?
THANKS OBAMA
Thanks @BarackObama O for saving our economy in 2008!
You’re a poster boy for megalomania. #Fake45 fails
So why are big business getting tax cuts if they are doing so well?
Dont forget about #Bitcoin $btc 
Narcissistic. Personality. Disorder.
Sounds great but stock market is up thousands more under Obama than Trump. Donnie is just riding the wave. Hope he doesn't fall off.
No it wasnt, its been hitting record highs, do you knoe what record highs mean  obama years were the worst ever. Do you remember before?
Have you fact checked what you just said. Check when obama took office,  and when he left. Hell of a differents!
Yeah everyone knows what the bs stats say from leftist sites, but people who are old enough to remember further than 8 years know he sucks
Awesome!!!MAGA
And its a free market driven economy,  and has nothing to do with you, cause you've done nothing actually.
yeah...the economy is doing well....MOSTLY DUE TO OBAMA POLICIES.  Orange Twitler has done NOTHING to help the economy.
Lowest Job growth in 5 years since Trump.
Tax plan will give Trump billions more while some supporters will get nothing
Most* supporters
Trump's millionaire & billionaire friends are included in the trillion $$ tax cuts He's SCREWING his mid-class & poor supporters TO THE WALL
Thanks, Obama! Winding up 44’s fiscal year. What will the numbers look like next year?
How many did Obama get?
what business interests that you've already negotiated behind closed doors did this spike occur?Lots of inside trading amongst contributors?
S&P 500 Some POTUS’s taking office thru July.  Obama 22%  Trump 8%
You thank the guy there before you for setting that up?

Obama's fiscal year ends October 1, 2017 so you are tweeting his glory! https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2017_United_States_federal_budget … 
They have no idea how government works, and LOVE taking credit for President Obama's achievements. #LiarinChief #Impeach #DotardDonnie
Obamas only achievments were failures
Try reading this article. It's not from Snopes.
That’s a legacy he will never erase..he is creating his own and his supporters will be apart of that devastation
Racism is on the upswing too
Thanks to Obama!
Obama went from $7000s to over $18,000, more than double. Now is is only up around $4,000. Not biggest jump in history.
Still not Trump's economy, as he hasn't changed one economic policy. Thanks, Obama!
Just stop!
Idiot
You are doing such an awesome job making America Great again President Trump for the next 8 years...God bless you and God bless America


Thank you @BarackObama. Can you believe that even FakeOX NEWS is celebrating sth you accomplished?
This is more about the continuation of Obama's momentum than anything the reckless Orange has done. To say otherwise is to lie bigly.
Mnuchin did the same thing as Price. Why does he still have a job?
We love our President! #MAGA
Your deluded- get help
You do realize that this is ALL due to President Obama’s policies, right? Comrade President had done nothing to help the economy!
And you are an idiot!
Thank You President Obama!
You all should seriously get educated. The blind is leading the blind.
So how are those coal miners doing!  Get their jobs back yet?  How about Carrier?  Toys R Us?
Bjm blow job man?
@NickDChow @JeffLillie
And the Cubs clinched the Division! Thanks Donald!
LOL!!!!!!!!!!
Let’s see if you continue peddling that Trump-stock connection in a market correction (spoiler alert  no). #StatePropaganda.
Am I the only 1 who knows it was the actions of Barak Obama in his term pulled us out of resestion? Trump takes credit from others hard work
This new all time high thing began in 2013 and is unrelated to who is President, unless you prefer recent #Democrats as this chart shows
It doesn't seem 'unrealated to who is President'. Republicans all have giant drops. Dems do not.
This is for the rich has nothing to do with the poor that’s sad it really is put you money where your mouth is. Sad
The stock market is not the economy
.
Money isn’t everything.
Louhy yt? Y7 8
BIG SMOKE SCREEN BY CRYING LYING REPUBLICAN PARTY
@realDonaldTrump @CNN - my fellow Americans the current cabinet members are living large on our tax dollars. There's a new swamp in town!!

Must abolish ACOS which were created under Obamacare. They are corrupt & stealing valuable healthcare dollars
Still Obama's til the end of the month of October..go figure..
All because of policies the Obama administration put in place. But nice try.
Trump has only just begun..!!!
God bless President trump
#ThanksObama
 Hi honey! 
NTM, clearing the swamp! Well on his way to firing everyone he's hired. Rather impressive, really.
Great stuff what we have NEEDED a President that cares
Trump isn't cause of it.

Here's the Mayor of San Juan being lazy, looking for survivors in a flood of sewage. And there's @POTUS, being "presidential." @GOP #impeach 
Get a life (((L)))
All thanks to you.  Not to Obama.  Whatever
And how does the market not go up when disaster strikes! Big Money doubles down. Nothing but profits and no help for the people who need it!
These are continuations of trends started under Obama. It's good evidence for continuing his economic policies.

Everyone knows the economy is judge after ones presidency. THANK YOU BARACK OBAMA FOR THE ECONOMY TODAY!!!
Yes it does make a difference, laws like pulling out of climate agreements give corporations more freedom. And obama didn't do anything \/
Thanks Obama
Great News Writing....Thanks...FOX!
Right, under Obama the Dow grew 140% more than any other president in history.
So glad you continue to show what Obama did for the country
الله يلعن ابوكم ابو قبايل كم عندكم يلعن ابو ابوك
If it wasn't for Obama's hard work, where would the market be? Trump didn't do all of this in 10 months, did he?
How sway????
The record highs are despite the mess this administration has put us in.  Thanks Obama
#DNC and Fake News RecordLowe
Let's hope 45 can keep it going . . .
And don't forget - going golfing while #PuertoRico Americans are in danger.
#MAGA 
P.S. We see grifting @EPAScottPruitt @SecretaryZinke
Ever increasing profits for corps and shareholders should not be the metric for determining American success.
Thanks Obama!!
Show the 5 year instead DA!
Thanks Obama!
Thanks, @POTUS44 !
President Trump is greatest leader n history of world, except 4 Jesus of course!!!  Trump is saving our bacon♡♡♡
Lmao Trump exhibits no leadership qualities as defined by the US Army. When is he bringing back those jobs he sent to the Chinese? Mexicans?
We are still under the Obama but you can influence. Don't past propaganda off as facts, trump influence does start until October, when his budget begins.
NOBODY CARES ABOUT THESE NUMBERS. WAIT TILL NEXT YEAR AT THIS TIME WHEN YOUR NUMBERS COME OUT.
No Shit the stock markets are skyrocketing. That's what happens when you cut regulations. But this growth isn't stable and will correct
Why don't we hear this on the news???????
That doesn’t mean you did anything. That isn’t how the stock market works.
But what specifically has he done to contribute to the betterment of this market?
What legislation has he come up with? #MAGA
Do u have a fraud looks close to the real President! Same picture ,name, ect. Few little letters off. I replied just now. Caught it! Block
How can these people get away w this on Twitter. Omg. So close east to fool alot ALOT of people thinking he's the President omg!
Money is everything? Lives lost. No clean water. Innocent ppl killed by men who believe they have the right to own a gun. We're doing grand.

I followed you dont let me down
Love my POTUS!
45 gets NO credit for the stock market or jobs or anything else positive. We are running the country IN SPITE of you. RESIGN NOW
You don’t get credit after being in office for six months

SET record straight! This is result of @BarackObama budget which ends when new budget kicks in Which is also @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi BUDGET
I luv it. Keep it coming!!!
Yup..Trumps doing..all that Legislation he got  passed..

I can't stand the hypocrisy. He campaigned on how the markets were bubble, unemployment #s fake, int. rates too low, yet he takes credit now
Big Fucking Deal! Obama had 122 record highs and we’re still operating under his fiscal year. And he had to dig out of a GOP hole.
biggest criminal..check
#FakeNews
Thanks @BarackObama! 
الي احبابي أصدقاء توتيرا اجمل وأخلي مسا لكم خميعا وبارك الله فيكم وعليكم وجعل العام الهجري خير لنا معشر المسلمين في شتي بقاع الارض
President Trump is MAGA that's for sure. I know he will continue to do the best he can for everyone.
Everyone who is rich, white, and right wing. What has he done for you? Be specific.
Under Obama.  Stock market triples.
Were you to tuff on Sec Rice they been flying like that for 30 years it's been so common place poor sec Rice   HRC obama Air Force one rally
Trump the chump is a con can't wait til we lock him up
Thank you Mr PRESIDENT for Making America Great Again,not Making America Mediocre Again!
Don't forget to add the 8 years under Obama, who actually pulled our fat from the Bush fire... Obama got you on the rutty road... you don't even have to steer to succeed.
Thank you for taking, By any measure; the worst job on Earth. And thank you for being true to your word. And thank you for your service
.More FAKE NEWS First 8 months still from President Barack Obama's  Presidency. Only 17% of the 24% of registered Republicans are that dumb!

Only the politicians and the 1% are doing well
For the first your are riding the previous administrations coat tails
Thank Trump folks

A president and administration who has flat out lied every single day in office is now asking America to trust them on this new tax bill? OK
MAGA to infinity.Super duper job performance by POTUS45 to date. Best of any previous President DESPITE HATEFUL OBSTRUCTIONISTS.
Keep on keeping on 
MR.PRESIDENT TRUMP
Coincidence... He has implemented no policy to achieve this
Also under trump:
Racial tensions at a new high
Violence based on race at a new high
Membership in the KKK & other hate groups at a new high
Hows the debt you owe going? Easy to spend borrowed $$ to prop up an economy
Ok
Ratings very low .
Continuation of #ThanksObama like it or not
Thanks Obama!!
Question: why is our military allowed to take part in NFL games when our flag is mocked by these hateful nancy boy players?
Still pumping out the propaganda? None of this is due to anything he has done!
Can I get a hand me up? I helped out too. All I need is work. Leads
56% of Americans do no believe that @realDonaldTrump is FIT TO SERVE AS PRESIDENT! 35% AVERAGE APPROVAL RATING SINCE TAKING OFFICE.
those numbers are IN SPITE OF YOU and they are not related to your doing
Middle-class Americans are thrilled. NOT
If you show further to the left you will see this boom started a long time ago. But nice try for you boss POTUS.
Thank you "44"!
Success in America is define by the performance of the Stock Market now?
Not only are you incompetent, you are definitely delusional
THANKS OBAMA, WE STILL RIDING THE OBAMA WIN TRAIN.
As your government screws friends those who know how a country should run while taking care of the people...a north of the 49th trade zone?
Huh. So I wonder how come Obama couldn't booster the markets like that in 8 years? Go figure.

Let’s us know when Dow hits 50,000 — the mark he’d need to hit to match Obama’s bull market. Otherwise you’re just reminding us of a bubble.
@BarackObama hard work, @realDonaldTrump hardly working..
Win, win, win!
, you xx,,, you  & babyou"ty""h C★. ""you you your 6 a bbbh"5,oolooo
Merica...
no bozo not under you, and not because of you. Americans are not your stupid shills, no matter how crudely you scream at US, liar conman
This does not help most Americans who cannot afford to purchase stocks. It just makes the rich richer.
Thank you President Obama!
Hold on! Wasn't FOX News fake news??
