placing themselves in our lifes. They must go this GRU with email thefts and target smears.  As americans we also will
appoint people like Marl Phillips and Cathy O'Brien to your staff. They are so beautiful and for the greater good.
Trump Voters are the "Stupid Fools", not the Dems.! We won't agree to Putin being a part of our American politics & dreams
We shall soon have Trump & Putin in office, just great! What do u have Pence for? Laundry, coffee, etc? Gullible Fools!!
We can't fight the whole world. When we accuse Russia of something and almost do nothing. We look week.
You're not Putin's favorite. You're just another #UsefulIdiot #PutinsPuppet
#TrumpColluded
Mr. President, Can U write an "Executive Order" to stop all lobbying? Pay to Play making Congress millionaires. STOP IT!
Respect was not anything that Putin ever had for you-he thought you would be a useful fool but in fact you are a useless fool
I know you know about Cathy O'Brien, I know you will end such sick practices by the CIA. I sleep well due to this!
I do know why Putin is mad. The CIA took over his heroin and made Afghanistan the worlds largest producer.
Do you really think all these babies are still pee off because of that dumb TV show? I do. That's the IQ
You are the last great hope. I send prayers and good feelings your way. A man smart enough to realize we need peace.
@PatriotByGod, STAY ON TRACK WITH PUTIN MR T. THE MAN WANTS 2 BE FRIENDS WITH U.S., BUT R GOV SCARING AMERICANS, ABT PUTIN.
, Our Gov keeping americans scared of Russia, gives them reason 2 build more arms, & have a permiinant enemy.
we are not scared of "Russia"
Shut up about Russia already.
You've lost your credibility for governance because of your private and governmental dealings and attitudes.
<==  Show us your taxes so-called elected person. @lpt621

You are going to embrace a relationship with a country that hacked us? That's not the quality of an American President.
useful FOOL DJT
They'll respect us because they have a hand in our diplomacy and can pick our officials. But ok. @realDonaldTrump

https://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=https%3A%2F%2Ffarm9.static.flickr.com%2F8186%2F28512617446_2e87840ccd.jpg&imgrefurl=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opednews.com%2Farticles%2FTrump-s-Putin-Connection-by-William-Dunkerley-Democratic_Democrats-DNC_Donald-Trump_Hillary-Clinton-160729-397.html&docid=GjKqwbUiPp06TM&tbnid=fde5jONUl2axaM%3A&vet=1&w=500&h=281&hl=en-us&client=safari&bih=704&biw=1024&q=trump%20putin%20meme&ved=0ahUKEwjs4ZznqLDRAhUi4IMKHZNUB8cQMwhzKE4wTg&iact=mrc&uact=8 …
has anyone seen my keys?
What's the word for when u flatter someone so they do things for u, but laugh behind their back? It isn't respect.
Amen brother!

The Chimp never heard of Gen. George Patton
by ignoring their blatant interference in OUR elections will make them respect us?
shouldn't you be reading "How to be POTUS for Dummies"?
you already tweeted this.
lol you think Putin respects you?
this is the biggest issue we have right now - a hostile nation disrupted our democratic freedoms.

As soon as you are no longer Putin's useful idiot, you will be discarded. Still on Tenuate Dospan?
DO IT !!!
Donald J. Trump
@realDonaldTrump
have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President, Russia will respect us far more than they do now and....
6:10 PM · Jan 7, 2017
I trust you to get it done to America's benefit
They respect you for bending over and taking it like ... well, you’re the stable genius here ... you can fill in the blanks.
How's that working out for you?
how's that working out
And … conflicts now occurring in chief executive offices. Terrible follow-through, Mr POTUS Trump
house. Scat cat!!! Back to private sector or beloved mother russia with you. Go on.
learn from this election. #1 no more listening to stolen emails. And #2 get you out of the presidents office and white
trumps. Russia usimg cyner warfare to influence the u.s presidential election is a very big problem. Russian military intel
have you read my book "Once Upon A Time In Russia"? Would love to send you a copy :) https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/1476771901/ref=tmm_pap_title_0?ie=UTF8&qid=&sr= …
You can send me a copy
can you get it to trump? :)
I will be in the city on Thursday morning. My client lives in TT as well. Send me 2 copies & I will drop 1 off for you. Sign both copies.
Why are your supporters so easily-conned? Do they realize what you did to our country? #RussianSpy
Have associates around donald trump mysteriously passed away each http://time.one  of them threatened to reveal something he didnt
Dictators don't respect puppets, they pull their strings.
Not having you as President would be one less big problem for the United States.
AGREE / Good grief even the new Intel report got the DATES WRONG !! MORE FAILURE
RussianReport cites WRONG DATE in NewReport
interview w RT Editor-in-Chief Margarita Simonyan PUBLISHED APRIL 7 2012
http://rt.com/usa/372890-odni-rt-influenced-election/#.WHFOKJ-ut0Q.twitter … 
The world has enough problems w/out you an illegitmate treasonist president wannabe. Real problems you can't fathom dooff @realDonaldTrump

First time in life I agree with, Russia is your ally, that why Russia help you win the election.
did you delete and retweet just to add an "and" to your thought?
love what u r doing!
CIA said Iraq had WMD's & Benghazi was due to a YouTube video ALL LIES. They are mad Trump can't be controlled
he is controlled by Putin
Donald, stop whining on Twitter and start learning how to be president.
 @realDonaldTrump
why bother commenting then?
that #AgentTrump would say this after the report of Russia/Assange/Wikileaks hack if a of US govt database, and spread
of massive stories of fake news against a US citizen, shows us now that #AgentTrump cannot be trusted & is not a patriot
Amen Donald; 2017s Gonna Be Yuuge 4 DrainingDCsSwamp!!!
much the way Stalin respected Hitler. I'm sure.
Russia won't respect us, you are Putin's puppet!
Who cares if they respect us!!!!!!!
if they hacked the RNC and you still won. Would you have the same stance. Man up sir!
For the first time I see that the US president is so popular in Moscow (N1 today), so you are absolutely right here
I will give you that credit. The whole Republican party has that shit down!!! And you have unintelligent people to follow u

The FOOL

-- you're right, "we have enough problems around the world," so please stop the petty self-serving tweets. #GrowUpDonald
@MarieTitus9
Yes life is a cartoon to all you Trump haters. Show me the proof? that's all. Show documentation

SAVED!
 thought you would like that he is my hero.
A hero indeed.
America bleeds out respect every time you tweet.
maybe America needs to die. Let Trump do his thing and out of the ashes a better world. Ras Al Ghul was right, life is a cycle.
Ras never wins for a reason.
great villain though, he mostly wants to make the world a better place. He is just insane a little.
How much longer until the next tweet? I need to get my shoes on.
Did Russia force Brazile and Clinton to cheat during primaries? I'll be waiting
so what? irrelevant. He needs to deal w/ attack by Russia.
no it's not..it's wrong and corrupt. Did Russia force them?
irrelevant. Trump won. Russia hacked. Trump needs to respond appropriately. He has not.
What is it yes or no!
Pootie will ride Donnie like a rented mule until he is of no further use to him.
Side deal with Congress to impeach Donnie?
Ahhhhh, wishful thinking... #AmericaIsDoomed #ManchurianPresident #Comrade
@PutinRF_Eng AWE WUV <3 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cB8AjmJxKTs …
ignorant homophobs!!!

Your mother's teeth are so yellow, I cant believe it's not butter
yeah you are Russia puppet they will not respect you at all I wonder how much dirt they have on you
-We all know why Russia doesn't respect us- Obama is a liar, warmonger, Muslim radical, and his lifestyle-We all know about!
you're delusional.
Wow, you really are delusional if you believe Putin respects you! He laughs at you like most everyone else who isn't crying
don't do it Trump
IMHO after WWII Russian men are still "morally obliged" to love women. Or pretend to and have a family (if they are gay).
we can only hope. Actions will tell.
You are Putin's puppet and we all know it and the tapes will come out.  You will have the shortest presidency ever
isn't rigging an election result the ultimate show of respect. Methinks Donald you protest too much. Now. Really.
it's hard to respect obama
#cantfixstupid
Trump resort & casino Moscow - coming soon!
Those problems that you are creating with your little fingers on your little hands? Get a grip.
What's the difference between you and a brick? The brick gets laid.
We have to protect Israel land that's Israel land God Gave it to them we have to help Israel. Thank you Trump. Shalom
You're the Stupid Fool if you think you will ever be respected!!
Why is Russian "respect" an issue for you? Are you our President or theirs?  #Putinpatsy
watching welcome celebration, just an injured nurse in a tiny house proud of my new President.#GodBlessUSA
Respect? They just #hacked #America and are still laughing about it. When they laugh behind ur back, it's not respect.
Why don't you check up on eBay and see if they have a life for sale.
: And if they do will that be because of slanted policy, bluster, grandstanding, or do you speak via mere speculation?


can't wait to see! you and Vlad make a cute couple #silly #potus45 #iheartputin
bullshit lying trump cant stop lying !!
No-when you're coronated - you'll just become Putin's PUPPET... nothing MORE & nothing LESS! Putin has no respect for YOU!
note: no one respects a lickspittle doubt Putin will start with you
They will, because you love your country, our flag, you will put America first. Putin respect it.
The only reason you respect Russia is because they made you become president by hacking the election.
well - that a good employee employer relationship you have. What do they pay you?
careful what you saying!
you are nothing but a cat toy to Putin.
keep tweeting the truth,the left has no where to go but down,the cherry on top is the Wall, will bury them.@MariaBartiromo
Your ears are so big when you stand on a mountain they look like trophy handles
Don't be that confident. Putin's a tough nut to crack
Russia doesn't respect you you are their puppet
when do the Russians start blackmailing you?
I don't think Russia had and effect on voters.I voted for Trump because the man believe in a good change for everyone
I pray for you every day and look forward to be at the Inauguration next week. God Bless you and the USA.
the dems are not only disrespecting you, but the 100's of millions of hard working people that voted for you!
yeah you can keep blowing the guy, it'll get you a mouth full of something, but respect isn't on that list

treasonous acts
Absolutely!!!! Big difference when a Real Leader sitting in the Oval Office instead of an immature kid!!
Ha!!
Russia paid for your debt, Putin is having you in his pocket.
Wise words. For an idiot at least.
You are a joke. No one respects you.
This guy puts out the Best #FakeNews
https://youtu.be/cUqn5uvZGjo 
said from a man who is in financial debt to them .560 million
I believe you.
stop drooling on yourself
Here's 20 cents, call all your friends and give me back the change.
they are blackmailing you I should hope so. thats even if you even actually make it through a presidency.
Yes-U have a lot of problems all over the world! One of the MANY reasons U can NEVER be an effective prez! Go #Back2TheUSSR
that's if our country lives through your stupidness
Russia will play you.
Where are the strings attached Trump.  Greatest puppet/ ventriloquist act I've ever seen.
Perhaps because you're kissing Putin's ass!!!
I would hope so, since they helped to elect you.
I've always heard it's advisable not to "poke the bear". If they are not coming against us why start something.

President Putin will have his fist in President Satan's vagina. And Satan LOVES IT.
Actually, I think nothing will respect you if you keep this attitude up.

First you need ppl to respect you before they can respect an entire country, that's your first challenge
Is that your face? Or did your neck just throw up?
Doubt it
No one respects you Donald, least of all Russia. They are laughing that they were able to influence the voting.
Are you going to Tweet as much ,when you are President?It will look rather ridiculous,don't you think?
they won't  respect us, they will just play you
They will respect us when you begin to see Putin for who he is.  You are the fool to think otherwise.
- I'd like to hear you comment on this tweet after a year in office.
@Brannon1776 #PUPPET
Russia has zero respect 4 u or our country. U handed over our flag in exchange to be pseudo President while Putin rules us
You're a stain on world history. The sooner you're gone, the sooner we can all move on to better things.
Putin is a dictator who hails opponents. Stop looking up to him. Also he'll chew you up and spit you out if/when he wants
iagree
you're just mad because we all found out you've been 69in' with Putin
I would give you a nasty look right know but I see you have already got one.
Russia will grovel at your feet, Honest Don. You and Putin will make beautiful music together.
putin doesn't like you..he said it...he wanted you because your so unintelligent...a bafoon..and he knows it
you keep getting more delusional.
let's see if Putin feels the same way
You are really and truly delusional.
Your new job IS problems!

Liar. You're Putin's puppet, just a Russian stooge. What a lousy American you are. Impeachment can't come soon enough.
Blah blah blah. Nobody respects a twitter thug. Talk tough when you SEE Putin Mr. President.
