So many haters and negativity out there. The old saying "glass is half empty" fits well. Act like Americans and respect your President maybe.
I've been praying for your protection President Trump.
I thank you so much for what you have done and for loving v@you e you
Cindy try to be polite a little bit, you don't need to fight anyone.

I am a service-connected veteran and I am starving to death I work most of my life until I could not work anymore I am treated like crap as if I never mattered at all I hope you as a president can understand where where I'm coming from!
Back from Miami where my Cuban/American friends are very happy with what I signed today. Another campaign promise that I...
You have done everything you have promised thank you sir
You are a great president I have a lot of faith in you and it makes me want to try harder to be a better American but how can I when I see so much wrong done to us veterans in my family by our government?
I met an American in Brussels yesterday who told me he cut all ties with his parents because they... voted for @trump. Huge balls!
Gee they must really love and value the family......P.S....It's the UNITED...States....
Great Job!
TRUMP IS WINNING, TRUMP SUPPORTERS ARE WINNING! GOD BLESS AMERICA, TRUMP 2020!
I love americans
Some are acting shamefully. Don't let their negativity cloud your view...many of us are patriotic, love our country and God!
You are the king of the assclowns.
If you or any of these other libs have it so bad, give up your citizenship and leave.  Don't let the doorknob hit you where God split you.
I have it great. I just worry about all those people who will be screwed by Trump, including the working class who voted for him.
I voted for Obama....the first time. I am definitely a working class person, and President Obama did less than nothing for me and my 5 kids.
Hold onto your pants it's about to get worse. Your president is about to strip you of everything. Standby.
I will hold my breath.
Please do
Lol. Another conservative dies. No biggie. Sorry my life doesn't please you...you could just ignore me.
we need our wall sir..nobody not even my crew (sean, tucker, crowder, and my friends on the 5) are saying a word about it?
Your agenda is literally "Undo whatever Obama did because he made fun of me at the correspondent's dinner once"
Yup
The people of Miami politely ask that you do not return to our city. #StayOut
Great job for America thank you Mr President
Russian pawn.
How much did Big Sugar pay you to boycott the Cubans again?
Awesome move Mr President. Do not forget about Venezuela.
Wonder HOW BADLY you'd fuck over your "friends" in Little Havana if you could've gotten in on the ground floor of Cuba's hotel industry...
Hahahaha!
You had me until you said you had friends.
You don't have friends. You have leeches who are there to get from you now that you have some power. When you go down, you won't have that


Once again you are spreading hate
MR . TRUMP. America's first, let get our country back. Respect our flag,  GOD BLESS AMERICAN ...
Don't forget 1998 and your law breaking with US embargo on Cuba and your consulting company/dollars paid.
It's time to stop all the welfare in this country, Why should all the people that work get Shit Health care while the lazy people get better
You only did this so Putin could invest more money in Cuba without Americans monitoring him closely.
We know Putin wants to control Cuba.
Let's focus more on what's best for the American people and not your "friends"
Try one of those great Iowa Tenderloins today.
Happy Cubans? Friends? I don't think so. Another shitty thing you're doing to satisfy your contempt for REAL President Obama. You stink!
I Disagree @POTUS..Leave Cuba Alone,,,Its a Small Country, With Limited Resources and Putting Restriction on Them...Disappointing!
You don't have friends. You have people who collaborate in your con-games, people who know to use your flattery weakness to get evil done.
back to 16 th century agenda:)
Undoing a great and positive step forward shows just how idiotic this president is.  The sooner he's impeached, happier is the world!
Well that's just a flat out lie, shocker
Thanks
Russia even more bigly happy!
Lentz you need to shut up
you need to stop these campaign rallies for your re-election.  You're not going to be in office much longer!
#MAGA
Happy Father's day!
How many of those Cuban friends are Afro Cuban? What three!

No one is happy when it comes to you.
Another eager action to soothe you hatred for President Obama. What a little man you are. Quit now.
Yep great..kick a poor country but give your wepions to the middle East..
from a cuban american who has worked really hard on this country, and has never received any help from the government or anybody on any way
I never worried about your memory.  Why would you be forgetful?
So your up to 2 kept promises? Great job.
Your skin.. Kelly.....Melania talk to him... tell him ! More importantly, why don't you film your press briefings and
What about the one about staying out of other countries??
President Trump I want to meet with you!
The majority of the country HATES you....IMPEACH NOW.
HAVE A HAPPY FATHER'S DAY,MY PRESIDENT!!!!
Friends;)
This was a very stupid thing for you to do. Just because you promise stupid things does not mean you should do stupid things.
we not only pay 4 ur safety DO TRUMPETS KNOW U MAKE MOney on STAYING AT UR GOLF COURSE AS U Charge Govt to stay THERE? Conflict of interest
Good
1)It makes you feel like a bigly man to try to erase Pres. Obama's legacy doesn't it? Well, guess what? You will NEVER be the wonderful.....
2) president that Obama was or the great person he is. We will NEVER forget him or his legacy. However, We can't wait to forget about you!
Isn't it funny how you ILLEGALLY DID BUSINESS WITH CUBA WHEN WE HAD SANCTIONS! Always breaking the law! But karma's catching up with you!
You have no 'friends'.  You are hated among all races and religions. I'm sure God regrets creating you.

U ruined America
 You placed a cut below Russia with restrictions on where we can travel. Can we say Hello Putin?
"with what I signed today", that's Trump's total understanding of the Cuban Restrictions he signed into law on Friday #trumpsucks
R U going to hold your buddy Putin & Russia to the same standard that you want to hold Cuba   Putin will never B our friend Cuba could B
Do you really think if Democrats actually thought Donald Trump's tweets were hurting him they would be trying to get him to stop?
Where's the fucking WALL?
this America Cuban don't support MORONS like you oh just little about me SFC Ret (20 yr)US ARMY..... America is great
Resign
If you now care about your fellow Americans, maybe you should look at making it easier for them to reunite with their alien family members
Back from Miami where my Cuban/American friends are very happy with what I signed today. Another campaign promise that I did not forget!
Their not happy. But then you live in trumpland...not the real world.
Your only Cuban-American "friends" are the illegals you hire for Mar-a-Lago. Also, you do realize that the / sign means and/or?
You sure Have Mr. President!! GET ON BOARD ALL AMERICANS!
MAGA

Cuban American "friends" ?? You have no friends. Your idols are greed and money. #RESIST
try to fool yourself..  it may ease the pain for sometime.. but will be harder to swallow when too late.. AND TOO LATE it is honey
we know the real reason, the Obama plan was working. Your transparency is showing and L'l Marco needed some beef at home.
You just love to pat yourself on the back don't you?  What about all the promises you didn't keep?  Where is this perfect healthcare?
You got no real friends @realDonaldTrump  lol
What about better insurance that does not leave out those of us with prior conditions

My latest: How Trump often ignores terrorist attacks and hate crimes where minorities are victims, not perpetrators 
http://www.bostonglobe.com/news/politics/2017/06/19/trump-silence-london-attack-against-muslims-adds-pattern-critics-say/2Fo4z3ApvjPbptOpv8wMII/story.html …
Bullshit
You hurt people again with your sad jealousy of Pres Obama. YOU WiLL NEVER BE A GREAT MAN LIkE HiM
Drain that swamp sir.
You didn't do ANYTHING!! You changed very little.. Trying to appear presidential again.. 
What extras got pushed through with that promise? More to help the 1%? #trumpsatrueasshat #Impeach45
Holy shit you're not golfing??????
You also promised to leave cannabis alone. Tell your boy Sessions to calm down
FYYFF
To suggest that your actions will help the United States is simply inaccurate.
Investigate the Clintons foundation 
YOU DIDN'T DO WHAT THEY THOUGHT YOU HAD. YOU TWEEKED IT A MINOR BIT AND CLAIM HUGE VICTORY, WHY MUST YOU LIE SO MUCH TO EVERYONE? IT'S SAD.

Mr. President sir....I am worried. Your color has....changed.  Resign for the sake of your health - please sir.
You have friends???
WALL
Plus, I die when I think of you sitting in a salon chair getting your hair bleached each week. Seriously, get it right!
Why do I have to keep reminding you......

You don't have friends.
Mr Ptesident you are great American and please keep doing what ypu promised us you will do, make America great again .
How do You make friends with people you've never met???
Big deal! Cubans can still come and go as they please; and,they are the ones that feed that economy.
You sir make me proud to be an American.  We are all with you as the swamp continues to try take you down.  You have all of our support
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 7 Months, 3 Days, 15 Hours, 29 Minutes, and 51 Seconds
U forgot about his second term
I love the way every time the applause died down you started applauding to bring it back. LOL
LIAR
If human rights is such a big deal to T-Rump, why is he sitting on the Saudi king's lap? The Saudis have no idea what human rights are.
#WhatAboutRussia?
Don't care #NotMyPresident #notmy#theresistance
Funny. The Cubans are saying different.
What do you think of CET 6？
I'm Cuban-American. Born in Cuba, raised in Miami. I'm not your friend. I'm not happy. I'll celebrate when you're no longer in office.
Liar.
Stinky Domuld doesn't have any friends
You are vengeful pattern maintained, trash anyone or any country that rejects your business!  Illegal attempt to monopolize Cuba failed 
As a 1st generation US born Cuban-American from Miami ,I am proud you are our President and know communism's putrid results
bruh why none of your comments support your tweetit's 20,000 Cubans goin off on you
I watched, of course, and there was a lot of love in the crowd.
NOBODY except pathetic republicans, are happy with that bullshit you signed. You're just trying to undo everything President Obama did.
Setting history back is your biggest achievement. You must be so proud. Sad.
Nothing better than rubbing poor cubans faces in the dirt.
promesse dite et faite et pour l afrique qui est en guerre quelle est la promesse
This was just wrong. Stop tweeting and start walking away from it all. Resign. You area the worst president ever!
I'm sure that the @Trump organization is really happy too .. because you're competition is cut off , Win ? And RUSSIA  no punishment?
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJ1PDsD26zyK4FD6NeBtoK6SXUz09y94FTOv00/ …
They too dumb to realize what you are doing
Would that include little Marco?
Cuba stated "will never negotiate under pressure" you are not "MAGA" but international business.. U R bad at this too?  Can U do ANYTHING??
Liar
Younger generation Cubans aren't stuck in the past. Your ass backward thinking policies aren't helping ANYONE.
Who r your Cuban friends? Name 2, Actual names. @FoxNews @CNN @maddow @MSNBC
you shouldn't be President anymore a bunch of liars and crooked Ppl in the Rep party that's why ur still standing!
Great job Mr President. Happy Father's Day.
so what is Rubio getting in exchange for this?
I think you just pissed all over a bunch of farmers with your Cuban policy. And they don't like golden showers. Think before you Act. Please
Keep them coming!! We are rooting for you
By Cuban/American friends you mean your landscapers I'm sure
You did NOTHING but insure all tourist $ goes into govmt pockets. You made NO substantial change to policy.
Friends?

And the entrepreneur  Cuban vendors in Cuba that cater to American tourism are screwed.
Why are you so judgmental with Cuba but not Saudi Arabia, China. Russia, etc. ?You're the biggest hypocrite to ever occupy the Oval Office.
What about all the other campaign promises you did forget. SAD.
Busy bribing @marcorubio, who sits on Senate Intelligence Committee, you mean. #Russiagate
Did you and your friends even consider the people who live there ?
