I think more people are asking how you are still in office & why @SenateGOP voted on a healthcare bill that's even less popular than you!!
I know this woman is... every ...single... day ...
As is this woman.....
The truth is coming out though and he shall fall down. Those who have rode this train will find themselves knocked off track as well.
I really hope so.  The world just feels a little colder tonight.
I know. I felt the same but I keep reminding myself there are so many fighting for this not to happen. So many more than the support.
He's YOUR A.G.! Fire him, and get someone who will do the job. (Suggestion: Look outside of D.C. WAY outside.)
Beyond the sewers to be exact.
Hillary Clinton is a criminal and deserves to be prosecuted for her crimes!
Amen!
@realDonaldTrump your obsession is showing. You might want to tuck that little guy back in. #tinyhands
We want answers from A.G. sessions!
He's done good things! 
But he's falling short on his job!
Counsel, jackass.
Because Hillary isn't the psychopath running America into the ground.
So many people are asking when will you be impeached?  #ImpeachTrump
So many people wonder why you're digging up bones when you should be running the country. Sad!
30 yrs and
eing investigated and it has proven nothing. You've been in office six months
And they already have stacks upon stacks of you abusing the power of your office
We spent over 200 years getting ripped off from DC. Maybe it's time we stay with the populist ticket from now on. Trust doesn't exist in DC.
don, will you please correct this tweet so it doesn't make it seem our president failed 5th grade spelling? (hint: coun__ __ l.)

She need to be put in jail !!!!
Did you mean special "counsel" ?
How do you know he isn't. Incidentally there is a difference between Council and Counsel. Important that you learn the basics first!
Don't worry @HarounRashid2 shit happens when 1 tries to be over efficient....lolz
WTF is @jeffsessions doing? Asset forfeiture & marijuana? Really? Like making sure your toilet flushes while YOUR HOUSE IS BURNING!
Sessions is too timid & soft for this tough job..Mr President appoint a fighter, a ruthless warrior for this position!
Coney crimes? Please explain ? Hillary has been investigated. Multiple times. Cleared of all charges. What Comey crimes????
Are you about to talk about your feels or objective evidence, like what FBI Dir Comey's actions were as the top Law Enforcer?
I want evidence to support the claim that his "crimes" must be investigated. Simple enough mate.
WHAT IS UP WITH THAT???
WHY NO #2ndSpecialCounsel ??
FACT BASED RUSSIAN COLLUSION!! 
THE CLINTON'S R CRIMINALS! THEY MUST PAY 4 PLAY!

Americans need confidence in the FBI & CIA. They are suppose to uphold the law. https://youtu.be/pWmiZ-uWcfM  #ClintonFoundation #NotAboveTheLaw
I don't understand how she has been caught lying & nothing is done about it! How did she lose BILLIONS of dollars and again nothing is done?
Actually, we all are.
And I'm one of them. Persecuting the innocent and letting the guilty skate. This isn't the America where I grew up.
Investigate Hillary NOW!!!
I'm finding it increasingly hard to distinguish your family from traditional Mafia, except of course the latter were much more sophisticated
My bet is "so many people" means the prez, his ego and his mirror image. theHR EMAIL ship sailed,  this one (trump) is sinking fast. Sad.
Because everyone is more interested in your treason
Or the pedos. Honestly, mr. president, something has to happen.
Many more people are asking why you are still president! #impeachTrump
No they're not. You're just trying to divert attention away from yourself. Man-up, #Manchild
It's Counsel......Maybe DeVos can help you with spelling and grammar.....oh wait not.....

If we can't get Congress to prosecute the a Civil action must take place. They are private citizens and a lower court can take the case.
If you want @HillaryClinton arrested then have her arrested. 6 months you've brought her up whenever you're caught in a lie or scandal.
We are all waiting for AG / special council / dems / etc. to show some interest in clinton et al questionable actions
I'm confused why the president is so dumb he doesn't know how to spell Special Counsel
Oh please --spelling alert! But since I misspelled it as well I'm pretty frickin dumb too. Thank you for correcting me

Call the White House 202-456-1111 #CeaseFire in #Yemen Now!
Stop Saudi #WarCrimes on #Yemen W/USA Weapons!
#infosec
https://twitter.com/Oiseau_LibreMoi/status/845014468639670272 …
It's time to play offense, not defense.  The people of America support you!

Bring in #RudyGiuliani now. He will take care of #Mueller. Your #AmericaFirst effort on behalf of the ppl DEMANDS IT if #MAGA is to continue
Chris Christie
@HollyNiotti
Are the "so many people" the voices in your head?
Mr. President @jeffsessions is a deep state mole.  Fire him!
I would like a answer. The more they pick on President TRUMP, the more people will definitely voting for him again. MORE DEMONRATS OUT. HAHA
She's not the President. You are. All eyes are on you, Liar In Chief. Lock him up!
BC YOU put THE WRONG MAN IN DOJ! "Shld have been made VERY PLAIN-that We The Ppl-& You WANT JUSTICE FOR CLINTONS"-& ETC.!!
Sends a bad signal when elitists escape Rule of Law. Did you know Congress is exempt from O'Care? Voted themselves better than us..
HRC - investigated for 30+ yrs. either innocent or the most brilliant criminal mastermind of our times, & she's never baby whined about it.
it's spelled counsel
Get over yourself and stop bringing up Hillary's emails to deflect from your Russian love affair.
you, sir, are not smart
It's Counsel. Learn how to spell
So many people missing @BarackObama
WTF?!?!?!  Get over it! It has nothing to do with the present! Your trying to deflect from you, your family and your campaign isn't working
"Special Council" #MAGA
Lock her up #MAGA she sold outAmerican jobs to Russia for personal gain and is Lobbyed by foreign governments likeSaudiaArabia #AmericaFirst
Your the boss make Sessions do it or fire him!
And not a peep out of the LameStream Media on any of it except old faithful ( for the most) FOXNEWS
Who are these people? Your "sources"?  I don't know anyone who would ask that question. Because HRC and Comey aren't guilty...or President.
And A Dozen Witness's Deleted!
@POTUS. EITHER man up & FIRE @USAGSessions or leave him THE hell alone. Like U? Doing GREAT! Recusal? MANDATORY. Learn the DAMNED law!Sigh.
GO GET EM MARTY!  I'M WITH YOU!
"YOU KNOW YOUR STUFF"
And, if I DON'T know it, Lou, I'll just fake it. Defense attorneys wouldn't know the difference anyhow.
6 months later... We're still waiting...
, Is that 5 people, or 6?
We're still asking! No offense Boss...how bout we kick some ass and take some names!
POTUS Trump-take charge here. Have a Press Conference-lay it all out for Americans to see.  Corruption should never be political-Investigate
Still a lot of evidence out there to nail all of them good, murders unanswered, corruption beyond belief, don’t care if you know them justic
Remove Jeff Sessions! We're not looking for 'nice guy' WE are demanding JUSTICE!?
So tired of you.  Your administration cannot end soon enough @realDonaldTrump
get over it. You committed treason. She did not! It's only fake news because it's not favoring you, but still true. RESIGN!
Dude those "so many people" are the voices in your head.
Please stop tweeting. U sound crazy. If you have nothing to hide why are you worried.
HILLARY  ISN'T PRESIDENT, YOU ARE .AND YOUR ACTIONS "SHOULD ALWAYS BE "LOOKED INTO".
Yes we are! Anything you can share like "they are and charges are coming". We promise if you leak to us Gen Kelly will still keep you on
Maybe it's time for an AG who WILL.  We're getting pretty sick of this slow motion coup.
#Hillary4Prison 
#Latinos4Trump 
Lock her Up
NeverHillary
Agreed, I keep bringing it up too. Uraniumgate, Emailgate, Berniegate, Wassermangate, Buba-pleasure-island-sex-slavegate with rich pervert
Sessions should move directly to convening a Grand Jury. There's already enough evidence to convict. #MAGA
Grow up
And your answer is ? Can't hear you!
Get over it already. You and your dim supporters are like a narcoleptic broken record. Find another planet to ruin.
Well, why are we not, your people want those crooks locked up including Obama, Loretta Lynch, Comey and the crooked Clintons and the rest
Comey crimes? He has far less than you chocolate cake eating war criminal...
LETS BEGIN INVESTIGATION INTO DEMS
YOUR THE ONE SHAKING HANDS WITH PUTIN!
So cute you think that, they are really asking about the present & important things like losing healthcare, freedoms, rights.
All the voices in my head are asking...

Sorry, Fixed that for ya!
I believe the President is already on it, and keeping it low key for security reasons, this is what I am assuming but I may be wrong.
Nope.  No they aren't.  We want to know about our President's possible collusion with a foreign govt.
Impeach 45. Traitor!
How comey found intent on what he thought you meant. But no intent on HRC part in all this. It's a joke @POTUS she needs to be dealt with 
They need to have their day in court.
File a formal complaint.
Don't deprive your power to talk about collusion. COLLUSION IS TREASON and everybody knows that except you and your trumptard supporters.
More people are interested in why  you are still president!
You know you won the election, right?
Dear Trump University students: The word is counsel.
Actually no. So many people are asking why you're still President. True.
JEFF SESSION IS THE BEST YOU'VE GOT  LEAVE HIM ALONE!
You mean "alleged" crimes, don't you?  Because these two people are guilty of nothing thus far, unlike you.
Because none of you will like what you find such as these Damn Emails w/ HRC +
#GE http://bit.ly/2d1JLm1  
#BOEING
Put her and Oloser in jail. Throw away the ! Scum bags
Mr President just let the AG go this looks bad dragging him through the dirt not doing you or the country any real good I support you 100
You know that case was closed with no wrong doing found? Sad! Delete your account
Legend
If you are not guilty of a crime then move on and let the investigation continue, unless you're scared your day is a lot of dirt on you.
No one is asking those questions because that investigation is OVER unlike yours. #fakeLeadership
They are? Who is asking???

Already investigated numbnut
Don't you have a country to run? Instead of sitting around tweeting about Clinton in failed attempts to direct attention away from u
Are you going to blame alluring your bad decisions on Hilary aCl
that's because nothing was found . Unlike like you she had the guts to admit wrong. You owe a lot people apologizes .

How about all the millions Hillary took from foreign powers? THAT, we your voters want investigated!
Seriously?   Which nutcases are asking this ?
Oh, you meant your multiple personalities are asking you this.
Lock her up!

Maybe because she's not #POTUS 
No one is asking, bc HRC isn't president. OTOH, ppl R asking when ur releasing ur tax returns, & who else was in the mtg w/ RUS.  

#Resist
Ur an idiot
The only people who are still talking about Obama and Hillary are those who have no real plan for the future and are stuck in the past.
AG or Special council should be investing your tax returns! Traitor!
NO WONDER Kushner doesn't like to talk at all hes got a FEMALE VOICE creepy dude he looks like a sexchange
I've been wondering that myself ?
Yes you made out with Putin because I said so no facts just my own beliefs. That's the new American way under trump he made these rules!
Are the "so many people" the voices in your head?
bevase there is nothing to look at.  You on the other hand belong in prison.
They already looked at it. remember how much you loved Comey for it? Stop being a coward and take your medicine.
Why are you so worried? Truth hitting a little #TooCloseToHome ?
#TrumpRussia
Because she isn't the president and doesn't stand to ruin our democracy as a private citizen.
You want to talk collision  look Hillary dnc cnn Russia  clinton Foundation payments free Chelsea wedding who's letting them off the hook
#Collusion
I see @realDonaldTrump turning on his beloved A.G. to boost his ego and hide his guilt now. BAD @POTUS. But typical. Go home little boy!
Try living in the moment, Donnie.  Life is better that way. Like, you could focus on packing your suitcase for prison.
Clinton's and Obama's should already be in federal prison! Rice, comey, and lynch should be as well! GO TRUMP!
@mimi_saulino 
We have your back Sir They're outnumbered You gave us voice. We won't be silenced!
"So many people are asking why" you can't remember you're the POTUS, especially when you remind us every. single. day.
. @realDonaldTrump Grow up you petulant child. #StepDownDonald #illegitimatePresident #Unfittolead #Treasonoustrump #BabyTrump
I'm wondering what YOU and Putin are up to
Yes, why aren't they?
You mean all of your Trumptard followers? Yeah, they don't count.
QUIT TALKING ABOUT IT AND FORCE YOUR HAND! Are they running this country or are you, Mr. President. All due respect. #MAGA
We never understood what happened the Day FBI Director Comey made his announcement. Lost faith in American Justice that day.
No one. Not one person. Not even you.

You are the ONLY person grasping at this particular handful of "been there/done that" straws.
Yeah, let's get the HRC corruption investigation under way NOW! Let's  do it ;0)
So many people know because there was nothing criminal unlike you who conspired with the Russians to fix the election. #impeachtrump
A.G. RECUESED HIS SELF TO SAVE HIS ASS. HE'S A WASHINGTON INSIDER OUT TO PROTECT BUREAUCRACY. THAT TRUMP WAS ELECTED TO STOP.#DrainTheSewer
Who would "so many people" be? Name them please. Thought you hated unnamed sources.
So many people wonder why the POTUS can't spell. #counsel
They're not interested in her or anything Obama done. Just you because ur draining the sewer!
She's notourPresident.You are. Now, stepup and do the right thing instead of deflecting in every direction.
"So many people?" Would that be your friend Jim, again? @realDonaldTrump
I have this friend Jim- great guy, very rich- and the other day he tells me that Trump is a delusional idiot- he actually said it. True!
DONT EVEN READ THESE FAKE RESPONSES, MOST ARE FROM FAKE ACCOUNTS, THE OTHERS ARE STUPID LIBERALS WITH NO SENSE, WE LOVE YOU YOURE AWESOME!
Or maybe because she didn't have pee tapes.
That's what I'd like to know.  You have complete Respect from me Mr. President.
By "so many people" you mean your knee pad wearing sycophants and Fox News?
Trumps tactic in all life dealings: 
 "Squirrel!" 
Please name one.
That's just the beginning. All Vets should be offended by her ttl disregard for the Blue Jacket's Manual.
.Because she's not under investigation. You know what type of ppl call out others when there being watched? Liars and cheats. Like you Donny
If they're not doing the job, fire them. That's why we voted for you. Hoping these things would get done. Prayers Mr President
SHE'S NOT PRESIDENT!! Nobody cares about those stinking emails anymore. It's all about YOU now!
The only people wondering are  ones who've forgotten that you said you didn't want to hurt Clintons back in November
