Typically you don't give 30% budget cuts for a birthday present.
Including the transgender service people. Honor them too.
@HopeHicks45 So you got a lawyer!!  If you did nothing wrong, why not cooperate with law enforcement?  #RESISTANCE
It feels wonderful to have a Real Commander in Chief!  #GodBlessAmerica
hahaha, the real commander-in-chief left in January - i think you meant to call Trump the traitor-in-chief
unlike you, you draft dodging coward
@KellyannePolls how does it feel to be passed up by a Ivanka trumps Shoe PR gal for such a important roll ? @SarahHuckabee ? 
girl is you really fucken that mango? ewwww
Not looking good for Hope. Mueller Wants to Talk to Hope Hicks Over Misleading Russia Statement http://thebea.st/2wNYBFf?source=twitter&via=mobile … via @thedailybeast
You are great , God bless you mr President Donald J Trump.
London bot 20 followers
No matter the mission, the brave men &amp; women of our @USCG proudly answer the call to serve 24/7/365. THANK YOU and… ...
Amen brother!!!

Hard road ahead:

@tedcruz to start probing internally ASAP. https://twitter.com/AndrewKirell/status/907652250650251267 …
Hope Hicks = Leslie Van Houten why are bots following Hope,Trump's & Fox News, but not Paul Ryan? Bots no longer falsify! BOTS NOW IDENTIFY
Hey there, how's that lawyering up thing going? Say hi to your married boyfriend for me. Corey blocked me months ago. Sad!

Exclusive: Spicer, Priebus, Hicks among six White House aides Mueller will likely seek to interview in Russia probe http://wapo.st/2eTGFlL 
Especially our transgendered service men and women
All 13 of them in the CG? They're not special.
Edward Joseph Wictor (1928-2013). 

USCG 1948-1951.

Petty Officer Third Class.

Semper paratus!
RIP
Michael Savage Warns DC Swamp What Will Happen if Trump is Removed! http://truthfeed.com/michael-savage-warns-dc-swamp-what-will-happen-if-trump-is-removed/98286/ … via @truthfeednews
that's probably the best comedy I've read n a long time. LMAO, ignorant inbred fucktards, Savage really strikes fear n 2 the hearts of men.

i see you left out the greatest president of our generation...i understand though, your people are lacking in education and common sense
How about they do something to stop the permafrost from me---oh oops. Too late!
Ya even have to patrol Mar a Lago.  Remove the whole secret service detail from 45 and family since he is so loved.
Hey Hope, how you gonna handle the unhinged  "president"? He sure sounded like a crazed man tonight.
When you have to sit on his lap to tweet for him is it uncomfortable?
Mr Trump ism asking you to please meet with the small independent wv truckers FMCSA regulations are killing small business truckers
this is his latest attempt 2 INFLATE HIMSELF/HIS OWN EGO (August 4, 2017; 11:48 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
HE DOESN'T MEAN "happy birthday @USCG" (August 4, 2017; 11:48 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Semper Paratus!
You would have known what bravery feels like, if you didn't dodge the war.
Fourth time lucky? Former model Hope Hicks is Trump's new spin doctor in chief
@potus @FLOTUS Hope, are the rumors about you and Donnie true?  I mean, that juat sounds nasty and gross.  Ugh.
Com um presidente ÓTIMO e Cristão como tem hoje os USA,  se eu tivesse oportunidade moraria nos EUA e sairia do Brasil sem pestanejar!!
@HopeHicks45, you're the @Scaramucci replacement after sending out a total of 3 tweets?  Why get anyone experienced if you can hire a model?
Hope Hicks is Pussygrabbers side job.No experience,heading a communication team..LOL.These women are such trash.Anything for their 5 minutes
Smu graduate where educations are bought for dumb students
Incompetent friend of ivanka and Jared.. overpaid millennial.. just another spy for trump in white house
May God Bless the USCG, serving the call to protect our Nation.
We'll get ALL the Nazis out of the White House. Including the Nazi-In-Chief.
We are not going to let 45 do as he pleases. We are going to bring him down and his entire business "empire" with him. #NoFascismUSA
Can they take the illegals back?
Hope congrats on your position. Take no shit from the press & maintain order & respect. Once you loose it it's gone. We got your back.
Good Luck in your new position
You will do great..
Happy Birthday Coast Guard from Amy veteran. We all have the same mission defend the U.S. against enemies foreign and domestic. Stay Safe.
Hopester, this won't end well. Just an FYI
President Donald Trump has proposed cutting that branch of service budget by $1.3 billion http://www.govtech.com/em/safety/Potential-Coast-Guard-Budget-Cuts-Could-Affect-Emergency-Response-Economy.html … Never mind S&R and @DHSgov
WhatAboutEnforcingTheAdmiraltyLawOnThe INternationalMaritimeORganizationMembers StillDelaying #OilSpillRecyclingEquipmentThatCouldaHellpedBP
Congrats on the new job.  Another senior position filled by another unqualified sycophant.
@HopeHicks45 congratulations you are the best
That doesn't include that Coward Trump...
If you have a heart and a soul you should run as fast as you can away from trump right now.
Or you will be disgraced like the rest of them
Rumour is that Hope Hicks is Donald Trumps mistress.  How could she go that low.  Embarrassing....and now she is getting promoted ...wow
And the commander of USMC says ur are racist & he's right!!!
Just say NO, or Say goodbye to your SOUL and hello to humiliation if you work for the White Supremacist in Chief #NotMyPresident.
Hey Hope Hicks...your decision to expand ur role in the WH and NOT resign immediately makes you an accomplice in support of Neo-Nazi's.
They all will be much happier when you RESIGN
So Hope, do you support white supremacy too? Would love to know
Happy Birthday!
@POTUS @USCG give it a rest everyones got it
Thank you to all that service and protect this beautiful Nation and it's people!
Yup. Does it have torpedoes? If so you should come to nm thru the dam way.
https://youtu.be/xnHPKRjGOVs 
I support you Mr. President
The replies from so many negative idiots is appalling. Not ONE American among them.

You administration has ignited racism in Virginia and its disgusting.
Except Transgender service members...fuck them, right?
Oh except for Transgender soldiers! hypocrite! Homophobic! #JustSayNoTrump #transrightsarehumanrights
I do believe in GOD given rights female and male rights. Call me what you wish. God made us in his image, made man, then woman. Not trans.
My reply was too large. Here are screenshots of it.
What A Beautiful Ship!  My Husband, A Retired Col. From The Army, Was In The Navy, The Army and Now His is in the Coast Guard Auxiliary! lol
Like why is he willing to risk our country n our lives for his bulshit way of thinking
Please someone get this crazy man out of office,I have a family that I want to see grow up n grow old
HOW MANY DRAFTS DID YOU DODGE?
Unless they are transgender.
You do not deserve to talk to any military branch you r a coward who used his daddy's money to get out of Vietnam
@uscg did not thank @realDonaldTrump for his greeting like other services do. Is the Coast Guard full-on rogue?
Happy Birthday our US Coastal Guard.
Mr. President support Randy Binson in Alabama who actually supports you
... Said the cheetoh-skinned psychotic man baby as he cut their funding #fakebillionaire
So pay your taxes and really support them...fool
and by the way Donny feels bad about decimating your budget with his proposed cuts!  Good luck protecting our borders though...
at least all of the bad guys and drugs will be stopped by the Wall.  Obviously no one will think to use a boat with you out of the way!
ITMFA.
And Happy birthday PRESIDENT OBAMA!
People better wise up he is sending the IRS   on his haters.
wow amazing you actually talked to people you blocked.
Except the orange menace. He's a draft dodger. #standupamerica #democracynow #opensecrets
Сам исполнил День Рождения как 9 августа (9 май) Поправки военные служители чтобы поборолись оберегать себе счастье
Are you trying to get us into #WW3? A #nuclearwar? Your #fireandfury is  way #outofbounds and does nothing to #easetensions in #Asia #Beaman
God help the service personnel with this idiot commander in chief....what a clown
Fake News....
Is there any chance, between your chest beatings to get the rest of the water pipes in Flint, MI, changed out? You need to do more to help!
Too much information It is a very good thing for politicians to have media to convey their own will and achievements.
Oh but let me say since I've read previous comments... Obama libtards need to find something truly worth supporting like...MAGA
Seriously? After they puked on the tranny issue sir? WTC???
What Branch did U serve? Oh, 5 deferments paid for by Daddy. Bad to LOL Dude stay as far away fr the Military as U can.U R viewed as a joke.
I hope our president  is learning how to run a country from you Mr Trump
Well done Mr President wish we had the same leader in South Africa
I have several friends in the USCG. You don't represent them.

Why did you not serve when our  great country demanded you to?
Obama wasn't a President, he did nothing for the USA but drag us to poverty and away from Fod, but now God has spoken, never again

Wow! He looks like he can walk just fine? He still golfs too at 71 years old! But couldn't walk for Vietnam! Newsflash! This wasn't service!
Dido
Your 'bone spurs' preventing you from wishing PRESIDENT @BarackObama a Happy Birthday? 'Your cowardice reeks ALL over you, 45! #FAKEprez
Yes they do!  Special congratulations to our Gay men & women, who fight with courage in spite in face of the added adversity YOU put on them
they are so awesome, brave men/women who serve their public, great people @potus @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MASA #DTS #LockHerUp #BuildTheWall
Have u met any of those brave human beings?
Oh!I #LOVETHIS
Thanks to all or just the straight?? #LGBT
So why did you slash their budget?
So nice to have a president who respects the military.
Happy birthday
24/7/365.
No matter the mission, the brave men & women of our @USCG proudly answer the call to serve 24/7/365. THANK YOU and HAPPY BIRTHDAY! #CG227 
Great post!
Its me the two face from Bateman 3. I'd rather go down as whatever then let u know what I know. I mean that!
Sir, if you believe the work of the Coast Guard  such as securing our borders, is vital and that they do that work well, put your money wher
Where your Tweets are & fund them properly. For their safety and ours! Thanks to all USCG members. You do a great job with little support!
FAKE POTUS Dodged Draft with bone spurs BS.  Could have taken a Non-Combat job. Or Reserves. Punked out on the Brave men & women who served.
#Turd, good thing other people serve those rolls, because you never would have. Your life has been soft, easy, rich, and filled with ease.
Kindly support india for basic needs full fillment as u know india will help u always. Thanks.
You don't mind slashing their budget though, do you?
@realDonaldTrump We've got your back! God bless you and your family!
Wow.  Finally an appropriate tweet. Way to go, buddy!
https://youtu.be/OjACBYvKeSs 
Aaaaand ... you didn't even win the EC.
And you are slashing their budget why???
@LaraLeaTrump @USCG were they captured
THE COAST GUARD IS OFTEN OVERLOOKED, NEVER AGAIN , NEVER-
unlike u who makes up bone spurs, and spends all ur time on vacay while charging the secret service an arm and a leg to stay at ur property
Then why did you cut their budget?
It must be galling to the men and women of the military to have a draft dodger as POTUS.
Fake News.../
You do realize he's been attacking an actual veteran all day right?
Fixed: No matter the mission, I will cut funding for the brave men & women of our @USCG proudly answer the call 2 serve 24/7/365. SORRY cuts

Unlike you, who got five deferments - one purchased by daddy - and never served.  I'm sure viet vets are cool with that.  #FakePresident
Too bad you had bone spurs.
Does that include LGBT service members, too?
At least the ones without bonespurs!!
Mr. President, Sack the Commandant of the Coast Guard for conduct unbecoming and insubordination
Unlike YOU.  #shameful #sad #trump
I Urge EVERYONE
JOIN YOUR LOCAL @GOP 
MAKE A CHANGE FROM WITHIN! 
LOW TURNOUT IS OUR WORSE ENEMY!
This is a REMINDER.. We Can Talk About Suing the @GOP & Bitch About them...
BUT you have to JOIN them to MAKE A CHANGE
@GOP meeting tonight 
Even the transgender ones, right??
