It has nothing to do with you sir. Stop taking credit.
Wrong! People lost jobs by thousands and more are dying in Puerto Rico! And you & your GOP Congress just took away CHIP program for kids!
Blow the Elites away! Allow property rights in space! Jobs for centuries!
And this:
Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!...
Be sure to thank President Obama for the jobs; you're taking credit for his hard work.
i can not believe it
Thank you Mr. President for keeping your word
You are doing a FANTASTIC JOB, Sir! THANK YOU SO MUCH!
LOL!
Mr. President, when will you begin to work for the country you are supposed to represent?
Now where did the rest of those Carrier jobs go? Hmmm.
Oh, so the "jobs report" is now real?  Means you started with an already low employment rate. Keep doing nothing, Donny, it's working.
@mudvark lol where exactly?
You should be saying, "Thanks Obama!"
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
Nothing is working Now we r losing allies because of you..China gains
Now u r pulling us out of Paris Agreement? Do u give a damn about the future for your young son and grandchildren? Pollution?
This is our only planet
It's working out Don.. Omaba administration???. Pssssp...thank u Donald.. # Jobs Jobs Jobs and lots of it
Nothing u have done is working because u are a loser.Ur Health Care Bill will causethe death of Millions of Americans just what Putin wanted
Yes I'm sure Lord Putin is happy.
The investigation? Yay! 
Absolutely!  It'll all be better as time goes on.  Hang in there, President Trump!
Hilarious and Ms. Park are equally same level on Crime now Park in jail Hillary Clinton is free coz Comey didn't do good jo
Hey @realDonaldTrump when you said u wouldn't cut Medicare, did u mean "not more than $33BILLION" ?
Because, u just put out your proposed budget, & crazily enough, it says $33 billion cut from Medicare.  For old people, among others.
That can't be right, can it? You wouldn't renege, would u, and really screw over the elderly, the poor and infirm??
What's working? Oh you mean Jack Shit. I'm sure Jack is doing great work for you
Funding Automated Economy Explained: Mechanics of a Basic Income
What bs
It's STILL OBAMA'S FISCAL YEAR. Job growth and record low unemployment is @BarackObama NOT YOU. @SenateBudget @TheFiscalTimes
True news

Trump is right....

Yes.... Agree....
Awesome jobs report! When are you going to ask the Department if Justice to bring some "Equal Justice" to Hillary Clinton?
You don't have time to create jobs. You're too busy tweeting like a baby! Don't take credit for what isn't yours.
I am a non- bilingual Hispanic woman. Many jobs would be available in healthcare if they didn't "require" Spanish, maybe this can change??
But bad jobs and bad markets today little hands. @IvankaTrump @JoyAnnReid @KeithOlbermann @Richard_Schiff @DavidCornDC #ANTITRUMPMVMT
The stock market had a bad day and has been dropping. It's directly your fault. Investors are now showing fear for the future. 
Did you see the stock market today?  Great job my ass.
Fix the WH and get back to agenda!
Sort your wig out mate !
Draining the swamp means stirring up the snakes and vermin! Keep up the great work! Praying for you Mr President!
I support you but you are spending more time defending what you say. Get off twitter and looking like an amateur. Sound like Obama tell all
No thanks to you, Mob Boss.
Um. They're all Mcjobs with no benefits...a million times worse than the 60s. But keep pretending that your voters aren't suffering.
FAKE NEWS!!!!
Like your bankruptcies??
Good thing you were handed an economy on the rise by Obama!!  I wish you were him, but alas, you will never compare.
http://arcturus07.blogspot.com/2017/05/do-more-than-exist-live-do-more-than.html …
Dear mr trump be the et alien disclosure president in 2017
What's beginning to work? You haven't really done ANYTHING other than that pathetic illegal EO on immigration, held up in court! hah
it began to work the day we elected President Obama

Bullshit, it was a terrible jobs report 
@realDonaldTrump #lie #lies #lie #lie #lie #lies #lie #lier #lie #lie #lies #lie #lie #lie #lies #lie #lies #lie #lies #lie #lie #lie #lies
Seems the haters are the only ones not optimistic, spend time in real world, not trolling Trump! Things are looking up!
BWAHAHAHA
What all is beginning to work?  What have you actually done beside lie, cheat and steal?
Yep. Congratulations to President Obama for getting things rolling. Oh, wait, didn't you say those jobs reports were phony?
Prays God , prays the name of Christjesus !!!
Keep up the great work Mr President you have my support I support you all the way mr. President keep up the great work sir
Bankruptcy x 7 times. Not paying your workers.Capitalizing on Obama's previous job growth and calling the growth your own. Phony in chief.
Stay strong you got this
Of course it's all you...nothing to do with steps taken long before you decided to run after "illegitimate" man before you....
Happy ? they could be Fake .
Worst economic growth report since your takeover Donny.  Who r u kidding?
My DH has had 3 raises in 3 MONTHS. From welfare 2 middle class in 2 months. YES, GOOD THINGS R HAPPENING! #MAGA
No thanks to you.
Jobs are still a product of the illustrious Obama administration.
Only if everyone had pensions .... like our government
We're still under Obama's last fiscal year. Nothing is “finally” happening. This trend has been going on for years!
You are STILL a joke that was never funny.
Yes - Obama did a great job and his policies continue to produce great results.
Ummmm... job numbers have been rising for YEARS before you took office. Now you're making #fakenews.
Where is your and your daughters clothing made? Hypocrite!  Liar!
Thanks to Obama.
You mean like the great jobs reports Obama had as he brought unemployment down to 4.5%. I know, your reports are bigger... the biggest ever
You had nothing to do with this. You are delusional if you think you did.
#Aparatus allowing all of this on #USSoil  regardless of #ContractsSigned #UNIDIR considers it #Mind Control #WMD.
#SwedishRoyalEFLBDSMNaziGroup #FrankeinseinMengeleGroup
FAKE NEWS
#really?
Yeah good thing all those great Obama policies are still working for us.
No it's not
So you get on the field in the last 5 seconds of the game just to claim the victory? It's sat that there are people that buy this.
@UrCarOurPassion 
This is all window dressing and bullsh%t! Your policies will take about 6 years to really screw things up....deficits etc....
You do know your on record calling the jobs report a poor measure of how the economy is doing? How do you know what % is to your credit?
BS
Thank you Obama!!
And you sure didn't waste time getting things done. Excited to watch all the great things unfold, making us strong again. THANK YOU PRES T.
What a stupid thing to say.  You have done nothing for that jobs report, it's all Obama.  Stop you lies.
And you did that in 100 days? Wow...aren't you just the greatest.
89000 retail jobs lost since you took office. SAD!
Yet another stupid tweet from POTUS today - reminds us all what a loser he is.
Thanks Obama.
Sounds like Dorothy in mid-twister proclaiming "Oh good, the wind is dying down!"
NOT IN RESPONSE TO YOUR POLICIES...seriously....
All what? You haven't done anything!
RT Keep moving forward
But you never will chicken
You are the man Trump just ignore what these dipshit say you're doing a  great job
What is beginning to work?  Not you!  #golfmuch?
To soon to be anything you did quit trying to take credit for Obama's achievements.
Don't even try to take credit for that. In no way has your incompetent presidency had any affect on the job market.
@chattycathy317 Just stay with it..as hard as it gets..you will prevail!!!!!
you stole the election and now your trying to cover it up   Good luck mr Nixon
The Lefts failed, wanting to destroy President Trump 'Promise Made, Promise Kept during first 100 days.
Sir, I've been without work or insurance for 6 yrs.My old boss called..WINNING
10,000 dogs will be killed on June 17, 2017  at this Yukon Meat festival in China.  Please sign the petition to stop this from happening.
Lol. Oh Trump. So cute.
@guntrust thanks to you, President Trump......
No it's not
May God bless your Presidency
You have done nothing
You have done morhing
"gr8 job going on under ur leadership ". Proud to see u as my POTUS.
Hilarious and Ms. Park are equally same level on Crime now Park in jail Hillary Clinton is free coz Comey didn't do good jo
Congratulations Mr President to take Control and good care of what We The People delegates you to do that was long over due
cause that is totally your doing... just like the nuclear power plant disaster that just happened in Washington
STOP. u & yours, haven't done "one thing" to b taking credit for, any favorable Country happenings! Stop feeding off, other people's work!!
Any favorable reports (thus far), r hang overs from the POTUS OBAMA's Administration!!!
You should send Obama a thank you note
But what kind of jobs? How many are these 2nd jobs for people?
I just wish my son could get a good job, not a "Mc Donald's" job. He has a loan debt that is working against the low wage salary he can get.
こんばんは
No legislation passed in 100 days...this credit goes to @BarackObama #obama
Thank you @BarackObama for the jobs
yes it's beginning to work,  your removal from office..
You're right.  Everything Obama did is now coming to fruitiion.  None of this has anything to do with you or your ego.
Oh so you believe that then, sure it's not fake news??!
For who ? Just more dribble
It is. Stay alert and on task. Don't give in to the manipulation of the self servers. Any of them.
Yeah...another opening at DOJ...which lapdog will you replace Comey with...
FAKE NEWS AGAIN.
Fakenews
Idiot.
so everythings fake news except the jobs report then oh ok
You do know that the jobs report for now is based on a budget and work done before you came into office, right?
Even you can see that you cannot take credit for those numbers, right?
Definitely
Thanks for everything
. Thanks to Obama! Nothing you did in 100 days made a dent compared to the actions of a real President like Obama!
It's been working, thanks to Obama. He was so clearly talented that his improvements continue even to today. You're right: Obama is amazing!
All what?! You haven't done anything !
Good job Mr Trump. Many prayers for you. Please build the wall. Thank you.
