Do tell us what he would of done.  Oh by the way sanctions are way over due
John Kelly and Donald Trump both believe the Civil War could have been avoided if America followed the lead of racist white slaveholders
Hogwash
stop listening to the crap of Fox News is going to melt the little brain that you have
It's almost Fucking Friday and you're still the dumbest lecherous motherfucker the Russians could've picked to run the United States government into ground, BRILLIANT! #Treason #SexualHarassmentAwareness #FF #FreePalestine #p2 #tcot #MerryChristmas
President Andrew Jackson, who died 16 years before the Civil War started, saw it coming and was angry. Would never have let it happen!
He knows history.  He was referring to the fact Jackson had been faced with States wanting to secede from the Union 30 years prior.
This was a shame 2 all American Black ppl!
yeah but didn't Andrew Jackson kinda murder and relocate Natives after congeress said not to
President Andrew Jackson, who died 16 years before the Civil War started, saw it coming and was angry. Would never have ...
Meaning as AJ was a slave holder, he would've prevented the end of slavery? That's your point? Really?
Something about a special crystal ball.
Hope your in jail before the rich get your tax breaks.
He was dead. How would u know. He owned slaves. Is that why u lik
U like him!!!
Even a year later, I can't believe how genuinely ignorant you are of basic historical facts.
?
You are such a joke. Go away!!! Sad!!!
PLEASE shut up and buy a Civil War coloring book. Middle school students can tell you Jackson was a slave owner! #resist
What are you angry about? What do you want to prevent? Give this some serious thought. I don't need an answer right now. #PeaceInOurTime?
Shouldve just dropped it. 1st got history wrong, then got ur own context wrong. U spoke as if he were alive, not as if he was clairvoyant
Of all the Presidents you could pick to admire, so far, it's been Andrew Jackson and Nixon. Good freaking grief, Donald.
How in the world could anyone stop a war 16 years before it happened. There are 2 many causalities to make that statement.
Doubling down on how dumb this is? Stop it. You're not qualified and it's becoming more and more obvious.
Just. Shut. Up.
Why can't you say you were wrong? Major indicator of clinical Narcissism. #trumpunfit #ImpeachTrump #impeachbuffoon #scrotus
LOL, mr backpedal wants another #Mulligan
I heard you extended invitations for both Frederick Douglass and Andrew Jackson to come to the White House and figure this mess out.
How would you have negotiated the slavery thing?
He was our genocide-iest president, I'll give you that!
Is there anyone out there who can actually tell me what this is about???
WTF are you talking about you ASSOHOLIC??? Did you know Jackson personally? I am you would have been good racist friends together.
Dementia
You really need to get a clue...
Now you back pedal. Before you didn't know when he died. lol
How did you pass the fifth grade?
Lol. You're a maroon
What are you smoking or snorting tonight man?
You wish that Andrew Jackson—an owner of HUNDREDS of slaves—should've just made a deal w the South to allow slavery?!
Has Bannon had a chance to explain to you why the Civil War happened?
A literal direct quote: "People don't ask that question, but why was there the Civil War? Why could that one not have been worked out?" 
Your admiration for Andrew Jackson is about as bizarre as ur befriending of brutal dictators… Jackson killed 2k-6k ppl in the Trail of Tears
You kept getting proved wrong by the interviewer & then literally just gave up & said "I don’t stand by anything" before leaving ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
…if you can't handle interview questions that your average 5th grader could answer, maybe it's better for you to just stay in ur safe space?
Why have you yet to respond to a SINGLE concern by the American people? Instead of golfing maybe TRY governing??? 
The Trump regime has yet to respond to a single petition, so I made a petition petitioning this… plz sign & share  https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/mr-trump-respond-concerns-american-people-presented-here-instead-holding-rallies-celebrating-yourself … 
^ also v weird that 100s of people on Twitter say they already signed, yet it still says 1 signature. Suppressing the voice of the people? 
Andrew Jackson owned 140 sllaves when he died,or so the history reads,
Keep rewriting history to suit you, are we?
Hahahahabahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah. First foolish president is trying to justify his stupidity. Hahahahahah. Laugh with me
you know he owned slaves and offered rewards for runaways right? He also offered bonuses if they were whipped first.
When did u get clued in he was dead at the time of the Civil War? Has anyone told u yet Frederick Douglass is dead? Get a tutor u daft git.
you just learned that from twitter today, didn't you?
Seriously - you really have no clue about American History, do you? Please go talk to a history professor and get an education, you need it.
Bless your heart.  Did Jared give you a quick history lesson?  You are not a #smartcookie
If you are still a "proud" supporter of this fool you need your head checked!
Funniest part? No replies from MAGA crowd. They prob don't know who Andrew Jackson is either. Lol
learn your history Andrew Jackson was a racist own 100 slaves, took the lndian land from them.
@realDonaldTrump So he could keep his Slaves. Why can't u see that?
We are praying for you @realDonaldTrump #PrayForTrump #GodBlessAmerica
He really needs prayer
Awesomeness
Um, no.
So just Fuck slavery huh? Fuck all those Slave holders and their families
Your tweets have gone from somewhat relevant to parody. All bad jokes that fall flat.
Obama also foreseen your Treason and made sure the proper people had access to convict you...Ironic huh?
I know you’re upset that Obama had top retweets this year, so I don’t want you to feel left out. I’m retweeting this asinine one. You’re welcome.
The civil war happened because Confeds wanted to be the Un-united states. Patriotism out the window
You study US history after your last blooper?

Just see this. Thank you. Very well arttikulated.
would have LOVED to see a man who dead for 15 years stop the civil war. if you don't know why it happened take a 5th grade history lesson
Idiot
OMG. Please stop. Twitting.
LincolnWantedThatWar&hePushed 4 it & set aTrap 2 make itHappen-that isTRUE historyThat noOne isAllowed 2 know! NoOneTodayKnowsTheREAL LIncol
U might not know #7 was an orphan, soldier, statesman, founder of the Democratic Party, Legend and sometimes referred to as "Indian Killer."
This trump has become mad again.
What's the abolition of slavery? Do you believe in slavery
Trump " time to make North Korea  understand what USA is all about!! Hard decision!! It is Now time to act!! All is in place"!! Good luck"
I think he would have been more angry with the outcome. No more slavery and minorities treated like human beings.

POTUS be fully aware before meeting with POPE FRANCIS.His agendas,NOT in favour of christians worldwide. He is an embarrassment to catholics
Trump Scum is no Christian. Totally phony grifter and lying thief with zero compassion. Right from him stupidly saying "TWO CORINTHIANS."
KKK? If you review my tweet list, you will clearly see I am not a RepukeliKKKin.
This is so stupid....
His solution may have been to buy more slaves for everyone
God, you get dumber every day
#Putinscockholster
Because he owned over 100 people & wanted to continue to own them. Please, just stop.
It looks like @realDonaldTrump is finally learning some US history! #GoodForYou #8thGradeUSHistory #BlessHisHeart 
1) Imagine you own 1/3 of the entire U.S economy, but all of it is invested in a single asset.
2) Now imagine, if this asset was taken away from you, you would lose all of your power and be reduced to bankruptcy.
3) The value of slaves made up 1/3 of the entire U.S economy. Does that help you imagine why plantation owners wouldn't let them go?
4) Tensions between N. and S. over slavery had escalated for decades. By late 1850's, tensions were at an all time high.
5) The N. constantly made compromises with S. but the S. could not be satiated. Eventually, they could only make one of two choices
6) Either the N. could continue to bend to the S. demands, and not only tolerate slavery, but actively aid and abet it, or...
7) ...they could go to war. Those were the only two options. There was no magical third option that could end slavery and avoid a war.
8) If you'd like to learn more (though I doubt you care enough to), read 1861 by Adam Goodheart. That'll answer your question.
I don't think this counts as a synthesis point for the apush dbq
And I can also see into the future and you will be impeached.
But whose side would he have been on?  Hmmmm. (HInt: He was a slave owner)
OMG not only did you flunk Civics 101 but US History!
and may I ask do you know who started the Revolutionary War?
And Hitler, what did he do ????
you need to go back to middle school and learn your history
Were you ever a Loser on the show "Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader"?
And why? Because he was a racist and a slaver. No need for Civil War when one thinks like that.
really? He saw his death coming sixteen years before? Looks like he couldn't prevent it after all. Love! 
aside from being most bigotted president since civil war, you are also the most ignorant.  bigotry and ignorance go together.  #putinPuppet
dumb mf so you would whether the south have slaves still ! Trump tower
Neither would Jebediah Atkinson. He was furious! #idiot
It is good that clarified his death in relation to the Civil War, but how do you know he saw it coming?!?  Did you talk about it with him?!?
President Andrew Jackson was a ruthless leader & slave owner. He was part of the problem, slavery was why the civil war happened.
Nice how you said that after the interview when your advisors had to teach you highschool history lesson.
You should really let everyone know that you now have a time machine.
@LouisFarrakhan WARNING: GATHERED UP AND SENT OFF AS A BLOOD SACRIFICE  ( BURNT SACRIFICE) OFFERED UP TO
sweet baby Jesus...
Mr Trump I have a very big Weiner waiting 4 u at my barbecue.
Dafuq
Correct. He would have fought to be able to keep his slaves. Glad to know you side with slavery, @realDonaldTrump
Trump resign please. You are causing stress around the world.
the librarals posting on 
Here have lost their little minds
You darn goof.  The founding fathers saw the Civil War coming. The slavery issue could only be solved by blood. Time to move on.
OMG You need an educational tutor to fact check on demand before you make a fool of yourself.
And I bet he had the biggest crowd EVER at the funeral.
So the civil war killed him? He's now Nostradamus and big hearted?
@GrimmForLiberty Is Trump allergic to philosophy? Legitimate Ds & Rs love Jackson for his destruction of the central bank.
President Bannon obviously didn't get to finish his history lesson. Study! Learn! Or have the sense to shut up and go golf. #factsmatter
@margaritarr8 
Seems u were told AJ died yrs b4 Cival War now learn this AJ would have led the War to protect ownership of slaves #fuckUall
Glad you got a class on history and corrected yourself!!!
You know nothing about American History.  Says much about expensive, privileged education you claim you received. Did u really attend class?
Did you finally look that fact up?
Donald Reduce Government Reduce Debt School Choice is another spending give ...too many States have too much Restrictions on School Choice ?
Andrew Jackson was a Southern slave owner, he would have pushed for secession.
Lincoln careless of blacks treatment, as ww2 wasn't about jews its bout World order n power Jews were discovered during war
You are an embarrassment to this country.
Have you ever tried yourself as a Standup comedian? ;)
Read a BOOK you fool, God did Americans scrape the barrel or what! #traitorinchief
Can someone please explain what he's talking about?
I believe you are deeply deluded if you really believe that. Unless you mean you would still want slavery.
Nah, ol' Andy Jackson would have wanted to hang on to his slaves.. THAT WAS THE ISSUE... SLAVES... YOU BASTARD!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ok so who are you going to learn about next week? FDR? McKinley? Wilson?
You know who was a better president than Trump? All of them.
S you are nothing like Andrew Jackson he was smarter than you are
You just learned a new fact.  How charming. So what's the relevance of this tweet?
On a scale of Old White Guy to Family Ripped Apart by Foreigners, Brutalized, Sold, and Treated Worse Than Livestock, how angry was he?
I'm literally a child and I still know three reasons why this tweet makes no sense
so you're saying then, that slavery should have been kept in place?
So what would have happened? Better yet who the hell cares! It is what it is. Say NO! To rewriting history. I'm proud Lincoln stood strong!
Please, continue to disrespect our greatest president, Abraham Lincoln, with your BS statements.
when the #APUSH exam is all civil war and u don't know a thing so u have to make alternative facts
Go into a 5th grade classroom and learn about American history. Your prior tweet thought Jackson was alive in 1861.
This is the man U CHOSE TO ADMIRE? OMG! So many other presidents with loads more empathy for fellow Americans & you chose Jefferson?
drain the kushners
Jackson "saw it coming and was angry." - source please? None, right? FAKE news. Sad!
Real question. Can you get any dumber? Or have you reached max stupidity?
@GrimmForLiberty In one sense, he didn't let it happen. He beat Van Buren's anti-slavery Democrats. :(
The south started the war, he lined up with the south.
What an
That scurvy swashbuckler!
Why do you say that?
did you get that from sparknotes?
How in the hell would you know what Andrew Jackson would or would not have done? Get OFF the psychic hotline!
Really! Are you sure you got history correct this time??
Too bad you didn't go to public school. They would have recognized your intellectual problems and gotten you help. Your folks enabled you.
@LouisFarrakhan WARNING AND WOMEN HAVE YOU DEVILISHLY GATHERED UP AND SENT OFF AS A SACRIFICE SAID, I,MESSIAH RISING STAR
The party of Lincoln has become the party of Jefferson Davis http://www.salon.com/2017/05/03/trumps-historical-ignorance-reveals-a-truth-the-party-of-lincoln-has-become-the-party-of-jefferson-davis/ … @chaunceydevega
He was a well known racist
Trump, blind man of vision, what do you see.  Do you see how you will be several times richer because of being POTUS
Idiot!!!
Nope cause he had 150 slaves.  Lol.
