Don't believe them Mr. President. RINOs and Progressives. Don't give Heidi her subsidies, build the wall cancel DACA, get Obamacare repealed
How big was the turnout? I'm certain your squirmy brain thought it was Yuge. I'd see someone about those worms.
we will win the North Korea completely
.....
.
We love America and our President Trump congress must pass the Great America Agenda he presented during primaries
Tax reform Kate's law immigration reform repeal ocare Now congress get to work
Thank you for joining me in Mandan, ND Gov. @DougBurgum, Lt. Gov. @BrentSanfordND, @SenJohnHoeven, @RepKevinCramer… http...
TRAITOR
This I have to hear! Why is he a traitor?
Please look into the Bill Binney story on Netflix.   We are under attack by those in our govt #greed
Why don't you pardon some of my niggas man??
WE Love you @realDonaldTrump @POTUS #MAGA @DougBurgum
I DON'T KNOW HOW YOU DO IT ALL EH! GOD BLESS YOU SIR!
https://www.mediaite.com/election-2016/russian-politician-seems-to-admit-kremlin-rigged-us-election-russian-intelligence-stole-the-president/amp/ …
Thank you! 
Thank You Mr President,my wife Irma  is employed by Andeavor in San Antonio,Texas 
What better place for a bunch of dinosaurs to celebrate their prehistoric ideology than at a fossil fuel refinery?
Actually, the  prehistoric ideology believed slavery was justified for millennials. And so did Democrats...
We love President Trump!!!!!!!
The Man
Great to see bipartisan support on Tax Reform  :)
U no #45 will play dumb and say he doesn’t know anything. Yeah right.

Lol. Another revisionist brainwashed millennial. The KKK was established and run by Dems. Nazi'a were socialist. Der 
Can't wait for this moment!

Ppl dying in British islands and instead
Of following weather reports look
What you are doing,getting more
Money in rallies,to paid LAWYERS
Only the #WorstPresidentEver would have a rally when natural disasters are destroying so much of the country. Always all about you. Pitiful.
Liar
Trump is more dangerous than Hurricanes Harvey and Irma together. It not only destroys democracy in the United States, but also its people.
"lADAGOVAL"yOUR WRONG,OBAMA DID ALL OF THAT AND mORE!
That is your opinion. I have another opinion. I respect your opinion. Blessings.
Proof is in the pudding obama failed and caused destruction to USA Trump is repairing it
Great crowds at your rally while the southern part of our country is in devistation or preparing for another possible disaster. Resign fool
Yes, I hope all of you are remembered for being there. You are sharing the stage with the most bigly cheater-in-chief.


Resign and surrender to Mueller today!!
Thank you, God Bless you always.  Our prayers for your safety and your loved ones.
many thanks to all for leading the great united states of america
I pray God gives Donald Trump the wisdom and patience to deal with the many issues our country faces these days. America unite
stop spending our MONEY!!!
You have balls to make a political speech at an oil refinery while a series of hurricanes powered by warming seas rage on your country.
Shame on you
Easier to shovel lies in ND.
Great....@ http://kiliedutravel.com 
You got rolled POTUS, big time. Nancy and Chuck sucked you and you think it was a big win. Dreamer!
We all noticed you utterly ignored First People on your visit to Mandan. Deeply disturbing.
I Will Design Clickable HTML Email Signature. If anyone wants this signature, please feel free contact me.
#DrWho13
They are working for the American people, not like Lisa Murkowski which is still on vacation in Alaska
Morroco you no like
Checking on your oil pipe ???
Was it a big crowd, the biggest crowd ever, biggest turnout?????
GOD CONTINUE BLESSING YOUR AGENDAS
Thanks you POTUS, history will put you as one of the good, best, greatest, president, that turned our country back to the people. MAGA,
CASE VENEZUELA  Mr. @realDonaldTrump ,  President of th... …http://proyectopaisviaconstituyente.blogspot.com/2017/09/case-venezuela-mr-donald-trump.html?spref=tw …
Tarriffs on imports are America's first tax
The only constitutional tax
Funded govt. ably until 1930's
10% tarriff replaces inc tax revenue!
Love seeing the same people complain. Get a job already. Trump has created plenty of them for you.
مرحبا


that was now of your dumbest speeches ever.  What a fool.
I am a US citizen that worked in a company 14 years but because of the Hispanic
 filing a false lawsuit on  was discharged in a moment
So tired of the propaganda lies about Trump. Obama policies  killed my job. Trump has done more for my middle-class family in less time.
So tired of you socialist trying to defend what you call democracy. Trump won because we defended the constitution and our country.
No thank you.  Enough  is  enough.  OUT OUT OUT!!!
Great
#RESIGN


Am sure you met some Great people.  Great part of the country.  I know, they are my neighbors.

Good job President Trump keep up the good work
Looks like you got 25 or 30 people, more than at your inauguration. Congrats.

U r biggest terarest shame on u crazy 
you know whats a real burden? military spending, and our screwed up immigration system.
Non-thank you for sucking so hard!
Maybe be in Florida and see what a hurricane is all about and live the life of our seniors who cant afford to run let alone have gas to leav

‘I’m gonna be sent back to a country that I’ve never been to and I’m gonna lose every opportunity that I have.’

Heartbreaking. 
sana  kim  takılsın
That was quite the stripper show you put on
Thank you!
GREAT
It blows my mind how disrespectful people can be.  He is STILL the president REGARDLESS of your whining. Praying for America and its future
Way 2 B another fed walking thru Sovereignty
Your a. Bad president
@realDonaldTrump resign
Hilary Clinton won the popular vote 
No one listened.
Thanks












disgraceful as usual...




Heidi Heitkamp WILL NOT be voted back in. She screwed us North Dakotans bad! Didn't keep her promise of NORTH DAKOTA people first Out she go
@SenatorHeitkamp is two faced, she was in hiding during the protests. She deserted us! #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
They all showed their tax returns....where are yours?  Russia?
I don't even have to watch the clip to know you are saying something stupid with the delivery of a candidate for student council.
GOD BLESS OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP!!!!!!
They cannot turn us against you
Trump 
Why do us tax paying people have to keep paying for you to campaign you do no good and your art of the deal is one of the biggest losers

I think you should head to the rally they're holding for you in Miami
Hi mr trump
Thank you for thinking of the 'WE the PEOPLE' . FIRST, Mr. PRESIDENT
It Was a joke. I was there. Made the drive from Minnesota where your not wanted and lost the state and to coward to show your caracass there
Your base of climate deniers ?!
Pathetic.
Love It!!
"EXXON MOGULS" in their glory!!! These are the DRILLERS & DESTROYERS OF MOTHER EARTH!!!!! EVIL/CRUEL/&GREEDY!!! ALLfor their OWN pockets!!!
Thanks...
Go get em Mr President! Keep up the good work. One day they will finally have to acknowledge all your doing there will be too much to deny!
Tax Reform- More Effective Wheel .
Has anyone noticed that you don't see the entire crowd or the size of the crowds. His base is dwindling .
Thank you for being ther and doing what you do....
No more vacations for Congress until the Great America Agenda our President presented during primaries is passed
Why are you still campaigning? Go to work.
God Bless our President,our MILTARY and our country
I just supot you míster president Trump whit my prayers to thaht place desbasted for the climate of God ,
Keep up the good work
Keep our anyone of color though, you heartless, CRUEL childish man
Small crowd. Kind of like your inauguration
Thank YOU, Daddy!
特朗普失道寡助。
We love our POTUS 
Aww too bad the crowd was so small. LMAO
Such a purest when it comes to BS artist. Damn. How the hell did you get elected. Woefully unqualified. Glad I don't work anywhere near you!
Smart move.
#ProAmericaAntiTrump
#IStandWithHillary
#Hillary2020
#AnyoneButTrump
#NotMyPresident
#NotAnyonesPresident
Political rally for your reelection on taxpayer's dime.  You suck.
Release your taxes return
Спасибо, что присоединились ко мне в Мандане!#ТРАМП #ПРЕЗИДЕНТ #АМЕРИКА #ВЫСТУПЛЕНИЕ #РАБОЧИЕ #РЕЧЬ #ТВИТТЕР #ТВИТТ #СМИ #ПРОИЗВОДСТВО #45й
If we have Republicans voting against us,You Are The PRESIDENT do whatever you have to do.We trust you, we believe in you, DEAL DEAL DEAL
MMMMM delicious oil!
Hello
Hi mr president
