Mr not so bright scumbag
keep up the good work.

Resign
Yeah...Buy a few "beauties" while you try to "grab" the headlines...You hedonist narcissistic nincompoop
@POTUS @seanspicer @SteveBannon Hope everyone is enjoying the red carpet treatment 'cause you won't see&get that in the U.S EVER!!
I'm a retired Dentist, voted for you and think you're doing a great job. Really proud of the way you represent the country. Hang in there.
He couldn't give a decent speech on his own if you paid him $10M.  He has no desire to learn anything besides golf. He has no stamina. SAD!
You are a  real SAD person!
Great planning on setting up your golf retreat business meetings at OUR expense! Another POTUS and Trump family business conflict!
Stop the chem trails.  This is not healthy for the people.  Alergies are showing in many people due to the level of chemicals in the air.
So easily manipulated, complement him, treat him like a king and he'll defend any excess - torture, no free speach, no decent.  A Giant Tool
Nice job on the speech today! Made us very proud!  #maga
Here comes the peaceful states going to bring peace on earth by dealing weapons worth billions,this is how peace comes ! @BBCWorld
He should be able to eats whatever he wants, he is American
LATINAS FOR TRUMP,  WE ARE WITH YOU, POTUS
God bless Donald Trump finally a leader
You did a superb job.
Sellout for gun $$ 2 country with worst human rights violations.Sellout our values so a few defense contractors make $.You have ZERO values
Did you practice your curtsy?
Hey, what happened to kicking out all the Muslims?
amazing trip historic.
Wha ta sexy walk with the Saudi sponsored Wahabi cult that spreads terror globally.
When you go to Israel they treat you like rubbish. 3
So when are you converting? You seem far to comfortable. Plz resign Sir.
Great trip for USA!
TRAITOR
Too bad you were too exhausted to do anything. Obese and 71 years old will get you every time.
Nineteen of the twenty 9/11 terrorists came from Saudi Arabia, so the U.S. increased arms sales to Saudi Arabia
The Arabs have never been subjected to anyone, but they have been subject to the whole world
send nudes
Do any of you USA Citizens that are bad mouthing our President realize how bad you make our country look?!?!  Get your act together!!
Aww so nice to see little Prince Donny get his gold medal
Better eat those pizzas. You dishonor countries by not eating local cuisine unless allergic. At least you'll look tall for once #micropenis
little boy !! Hence always remember me from the land of the world empire of Cyrus am you and your country a thousand years to go to the
Hello
you know you have to pay for the medal if you want to keep it. Or will ignore that as you ignore everything else
Remember this.  Your wife is an embarrassment.  In what world do daughters assume the role of First Lady!
Many people are saying it was wonderful that Mrs. Obama refused to wear a scarf in Saudi Arabia, but they were insulted.We have enuf enemies
Was Kushner successful in locating deals for Trump propert(ies)?

So glad you had an awesome welcome!!
..where they end up. Saudi Arabia has a history of war crimes and a lack of human rights. and what do you do? you sell a huge amount of ..
http://www.msn.com/en-ca/news/world/obama-gets-rock-star-welcome-in-berlin-praises-merkel/ar-BBBwmMT?li=AAggFp5 …   THIS IS A PRESIDENT
A+ someone's been practicing! Or have you finally found your spell check?!
Come 2018/20, WE WILL REMEMBER WHO STOOD W U OR AGAINST U! We'll fight UR fight @ The Polls, so don't REPLY TO THE TROLLS! Stay The COURSE!!
افضل رايس  عرفه التاريخ
BLOTUS,  don't screw this up !!  You are representing the USA.  Eat the the bullshit crap you said during the election and try to be civil.

@RianKing10  I SUPPORT 45 #4TRUMP #POTUS #MAGA #NRA #NASA #TRUMP #ALL 4TRUMP #GOD BLESS YOU # GOD BLESS THE AMERICAN FIRST
Great work Amazing America 1st
Your speech was exactly and moving...and yes, we all must pray for the death of corruption world wide!
Hey Donnie, weren't most of the hijackers from Saudi Arabia?
Always think first before reacting

When will President Obama issue the words RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM? He  can't say it, and unless he will,  the problem will not be solved!
Thank you Sir!  
Loved your speech getting high praise and historic. God bless way to respect us 
hola trump lo vi en arabia saudita com el rey salman ahora esta en israel y despues va a vaticano espera un acuerdo de
Hey, how about you just don't come back,
You do realize that the 9/11 flyers were from Saudi Arabia and UAE, right?  And u just gave them a $100 billion arms deal?
Great to have you there.  Please stay.  Forever.
Germany is sour grapes. They 

simply do not want to pay their fair share. They want us to pay for them
An afternoon and evening is about all the stamina you have in you #OldAndTired #WeakAndUnstable #NaptimeFor45
You r mormon!
@realDonaldTrump What is Bayrock??? And y u deal with russian Mafia?

هلاااااااا واللله


Come 2018/20, WE WILL REMEMBER WHO STOOD W U OR AGAINST U! We'll fight UR fight @ The Polls, so don't REPLY TO THE TROLLS! Stay The COURSE!
You are selling the islamic country the firearms of the United States that will be use to kill the U.S citizens.We are infidels to them.
What a true first lady always stand for what you believe
And you were mad at Michelle Obama for not wearing hijab
Should impeached the half black half white cotton picker.
Europe next and you're a laughingstock there. Please don't piss off our allies since WWII. Or Angela Merkel, new leader of the free world.
I enjoyed in amazement your speech in Saudi Arabia & could tell the Saudies were sitting on the edge of their seats hanging on every word!
Idiot
You're curtsy needs work.
Loved the Curtsy after you bowed your head. Point to Saudi's on the bow!! You failed to say "Radical Islamic Terrorist" sad for your basket

lol

So intimate

YOU ARE THE BEST PRESIDENT EVER!!
Please stay.
Mr Trump, I am your number 1 supporter. But, muslims are our enemies. If you carry on, bye bye
Are you jealous being around people who actually *are* billionaires? #BankruptConMan #RussianPayDayLoans
Mr. President please promise to keep kicking ass for America it's been way overdue. Thank you for raising the bar of our "Amazing Country"

Hey Mr.President Saudi Arabia is a Muslim country...Your are Narendar Modi of USA. Specialist in UTurn.
Please stay there. Don't come back
Busy day banning Muslims?
Welcome to my country

Obama signs to disarm Iran, you call him names. You sign $ 100mil arms deal with country that won't help against terror but hides terrorists
Obstruction of Justice collusion with laundered fertilizer king cash, phony Russian real estate deals, quid pro quo, 247 lies = IMPEACHMENT!
No Stamina Trump.. as stated by your own people..
Mecca fine weather is not hot air
God knows what you saw was there Trap Chest #ahmadinejad #Rohani #iran #tehran
Rubio: Notes from Trump's Russia meeting should go to committees
The Trumpistas prepare your handkerchiefs to cry when you see Trump behind the bars #TrumpResign #TrumpScandal #TrumpRussia #Trumpcorruption
Godbless and keep you and the family safe
征婚 本人 180cm 勉强算有稳定工作
Maybe you can seek asylum there
You did great POTUS.....and that sword dance..took some gonads.. didn't do my heart any good, & didn't know I could hold my breath that long
#AliMohammedAlNimr   
http://ind.pn/2q2A3ph 
HE IS FAR TO CUTE TO BEHEAD - SOME SAUDI WILL HANG IT FROM HIS REARVIEW MIRROR
Any thoughts on Saudi Arabia in connection with international terrorism? Providing them with weapons - how will that improve safety?
So proud of my President.  My prayers have been lifted up daily for God to lead and guide you, and to give you the right message now.
Better take a nap. Word is you're exhausted
Why don't you go back?
wow, for real.
Dear president Donald Trump,
Please read this message
@realDonaldTrump let's remember that Iran is only the bad guy because of its ties to Russia. Let's get Iran to the table.
Great job President Trump
Where a burka you'll look thinner.
Very proud of you
We look forward to the day you are not President
Dont forget to have brunch with some of the Bin Laden family there like you did with the russians last week! #TFT
You just gave them billions for weapons how in the hell is that making America great again I'm one American who hopes for your impeachment
Please stay there....please!!
You big PHONY! Right now you have an erection because you're with a man in a dress. Gotcher TIC TACS ready?
wonderful idea tape in the mouth     john
Mr. Trump, we been watch you an every moment, we are very proud what you have achieved. Go Trump  #MAGA
どのような事が日本国内で起こっているのか感じて欲しいです。
We still have a President that bows down to the Saudis. Sad!
U.S. continues as Saudi's dogs. Did you promise that they don't need to be screened at TSA?
I was waiting for you to call them all radical Islamic terrorists and mention that Islam hates America and wants us all dead. What happened?
HIPOCRITA DICTADORES RATEROS Y TU HIJA A QUE VA A ROBAR Fucking brown noses
MY FAMILY VOTED AS A BLOCK.. 31 OF US VOTED 4 U. AND SO GLAD WE DID.... UR A GOOD DECENT MAN WITH A HEART! FAKE NEWS LOOSES AGAIN ...
Great! But did you tell them you lost the popular vote???
You whine like a little girl, and you curtsey like one too. 
I think youre softening on the Arab Muslims, after your trip I think you respect the Muslim people :)
وهل قبضة ثمن بناتك فال سعود هم يرضونهن بالفراش والدولار
ترامب في السعودية
يقوم الرئيس الامريكي
بزيارة تاريخية للمملكة
يعيد فيها مسار العلاقات الاستراتيجية
السعودية الامريكية إلى مسارها الطبيعي
#POTUSAbroad

Relations between Saudi Arabia and America are well established and old
You get along great with dictators - did you forget they sponsor more terrorism than even Iran?  Did you forget where 911 killers came from?
Better take a nap.
Please Mr President Do not reply to these jerks.Stay on top.keep doing & going.We Stand wU!Plz just tweet UR accomplishments!FAKE NEWS WON'T
Okay know they can kill there citizens , you gave them the green light after they payed you
Where is the photo of your lovely curtsy? #suitableForFraming
You and our beautiful 1st lady have made us very PROUD.  Keep up the great work.
8/11 ...  al-qaida, isis.  As You know some  terrorist of 9/11 came also from germany.
dear mr T WE will understand it if u want to STAY THERE! U fit right in! Btw is the 'GOLD MEDAL' real?Why didn't Malaria/Ivanka cover head?
Come back to me old friend. I am silent yet have always been watching you. Do not loose your faith for God knew the road that you must.....
Travel ahead of time. Your war is against satan and his demons and they have many different faces. Check
2much going on in USA & world Don't feed into TROLLS & STAY the course WE DO NOT BELIEVE FAKE NEWS & PRINT so keep TREADING not TWEETING Plz
They have received you with such gradueur grace & magnificence-  fully appropriate given the Holy significance of what GOD just did thru you
Why do the two men on the ends both have their right arms out of their robes?? Weird..
avec l arabie saoudite les affaires marche
There is 4x 120 mile bane of gold that runs up and threw Mariposa County California
Zz ZZ d
Only major story in the US: Flynn to take the 5th. Trump in Sept: “The  mob takes the 5th...If you’re innocent, why are you taking the 5th?”
