

And Trump proved it.
"The average DEMOCRAT voter!"
Just a few more steps . . .
Cute picture...
but the facts are DJT has done more in a few months to improve this country that BHO did it 8 years
Illegal crossings down 75%, refugees down 55%, stocks up 3.5 trillion, 1 million jobs, 1st new coal mines in 7 years, funding VA, MS13
Do you buy stocks, jobs were on the climb with Obama, coal pollutes, VA didn't get funding, only can fire workers.
https://www.google.com/#q=trump+va+funding …
The Post will survive. You sir, will not.
Isn’t Free Enterprise wonderful; especially when you have a but in the White White House who you can cry upon to fix the rules and regulations to try and eliminate your legal competition.  What-ever happened to fighting ones own battles and working for a buck?
You suffer from selective amnesia
Those who live in glass houses should not throw stones.
Didn't you go 20 years not paying taxes?
It seems that Trump is using the White House for his Criminal Enterprise and friends for advances & favors.
Trump should be proud of Bezos, wasn't he saying how smart he was during the election campaign because he didn't pay taxes.
Wtf is internet taxes?
It’s the tax from your internet provider,companies monthly bill or cellphone  or both then cable or satellite   #bot account
isn't Syria about to launch a chemical attack, shouldn't you be worried about that and not FAKE NEWS?
also, isn't Jeff Bezos on your Tech Advisory board? You are burning bridges, Don!
Bezos is currently running an elitist propaganda paper
Translation: It says things conservatives don't like.
Translation: it's supposed to be objective. It isn't.
When Fox and Breitbart get objective we'll worry about it. Until then, stamp your feet and cry like your Orange Messiah. No one cares.
I don't think you understand that Breitbart openly calls its self conservative. WaPo says it not
Something is not necessarily liberal just because it's correct. It only seems that way because it happens so often.
Remove that fake Time Magazine Cover from your dying Golf clubs.Everything in your life has been cheap tricks,lying,or worse,scamming people
Trump's shamefully uninterested in condemning violence against Muslims. That's shameful and embarrassing.
 @realDonaldTrump
I don't hear you condemning the violence perpetrated against the rest of the world by Muslims.
Speaking of Taxes, are we ever going to see your Tax Returns?
Speaking of taxes, when are you going to release yours?
You're spending a lot of time on the toilet this morning. Blockage?
Release YOUR tax returns!
I'm sorry, presidents who are too corrupt or scared to release their taxes are not permitted to comment on others #Jackass
Says the man who has a FAKE Time cover hanging up in his clubs. So very SAD!
Talk about the pot calling the kettle black! YOU haven't paid taxes in YEARS! YOU SHOULD! WE ALL DO! WHY NOT YOU?!?! YOU TURD! #ORANGEGUTAN
You should pay taxes.
Says the Dumpster Fire who literally created FAKE NEWS:
I have one of me too. Cost a mint...but worth it.
You don't pay why anyone else.
#youfake
This Canadian supports you Mr. President!  We need you north stat!
The fuck are Internet taxes ?
We're still waiting to learn what taxes YOU'VE paid.
He did promise to show them so if he doesn't he lied. Once a liar always a liar. What else does he lie about.  Think about it.
U need work as Comedian
So says the man that hung a fake cover of Time Magazine on his walls. Lolzzzz forever. Nice legacy
NOOOOO! You DO NOT have any right to talk about anyone else's tax situation little man! Let's talk about how much YOU haven't paid in taxes
What are internet taxes?
I hope #Twitter has been paying its #InternetTaxes or else how would you be able to reach the American people?!
You chose this as your last morning poop tweet? There will be laughing in break rooms across the US and the world.
REMINDER: The dumbest motherfucker in the room still thinks you're fucking stupid↓#tcot #TaxCutsForTheRichthe poor™
The #AmazonWashingtonPost, sometimes referred to as the guardian of Amazon not paying internet taxes (which they should) is FAKE NEWS!
3 John 1:2
#Beloved, I pray that you may prosper in all #things and be in #health, just as your #soul #prospers.
@washingtonpost is the fakest of the fake news. I call their paper "Bedtime Stories for Democrats"
What makes it fake exactly?
Important to consider: leaking classified info is a felony, fiction is not. It's their legal defense. Only blowback is credibility.#FakeNews
Are you really going to point out people not paying taxes? You have yet to release your full financial, you have yet to relinquish power of

Thanks Trump exposing all this fake news in real life and time hyped
Covefe
And your fake Time Magazine covers aren't?

That's what I thought.
Off your mess again?
YOU dont pay taxes either Donnie (WHICH YOU SHOULD)
What "internet taxes" are those that it's supposed to be paying?
#justresign
You trump, pay no taxes and made a campaign promise to show us your taxes if elected.  #grifterPOTUS
If not paying taxes makes something FAKE, then you're a #FakePresident. #resist #Impeach45 #ShowYourTaxes #ComradeTrump
What in the living hell are you talking about?! Shocking that I as avg citizen know more about this than you do. Shame.
I pay taxes when I buy from Amazon so that is fake news and a lie
Mornin' T-Rex! Sweetness, this hashtag is not going to take off. It's awkwardly composed & reminds us of Wonder Woman. XOXO
Also, T-ball, it's too soon to start deflecting from the 5 Fake Time covers you displayed in your 'resorts.' Need a full 24 hrs THEN you go.
Wow you found some pics lol...pics! Go do yourself a favor and watch some project veritas.
Good morning America!!!! How are you beautiful people doing today???? 
Still winning and supporting their great President, how about you Sara? All good I hope?
yeah!!! it's sunny up here so i can't complain. how's it going over there?? hope the weather is nice too! 
All good here, the stock market is rallying, sun is shining, jobs are returning. Lots of good stuff on the way for sure. 
hope you have a really nice day mark!!!!
Hilarious. Two bots talking.
i wish i were a bot!!! then i wouldn't need so much coffee
They serve coffee in your country?
Speaking of taxes, today is a good day to release your fucking tax returns.  Show us you pay your taxes. #amazonwashingtonpost
I'm sure if you're one of the rare Dems who actually work for a living, instead of the typical Liberal shit who lives off Republicans' tax dollars, you're gladly avoiding being a hypocrite by taking the money you’re keeping from the Republican tax cuts & donating it to the I.R.S.
Let me guess:  you are one of Trump’s white trash “forgotten men “ who believed Trump was going to award you a great middle class job on the merits of your junior high school education?  Now sit down and be quiet.
Any time your "genius" wants to compare I.Q.'s, pick either the Wechsler's or the Standford-Binet: lower I.Q. pays $20K + the cost of both test.  Now, pull your head out of O'Bama's ass and learn to think for yourself.
I'm sure your daddy popped your cherry when you were still in elementary school and made you the flaming queer you are today. Thankfully, I on the other hand didn't have POS liberal parents who fucked me up mentally and morally for life.
So it was OK with you that the big chains killed the local owned mom and pop stores?
Fake - Nobody pays "internet taxes." No such thing exists.
Fake - The notion that Amazon doesn't collect sales tax. They do.
Fake - The notion that Trump is in any way qualified to be President of the U.S.A.
Bezos didnt get a million dollar loan like trump did.....NOT !!!
Scared yet????
Trumplethinskin jealous of Bezos a SELF MADE Gazillionaire ?? Aww
crush the duopoly into a fine paste
Says the man who pays no fucking taxes
Do you have really time for things like this as the president of the united states? Do you dont have enough homeless and hungry humans to be care for? Do you not have enough childs that dont have anything to eat? Damn, worst president ever!
TAKE A LONG HIKE OFF A SHORT PIER, sir.
What a garden path sentence with at least one comma missing. So if that's fake news, does this mean they did pay Internet taxes? BTW, what are Internet taxes?
Finally you recognize and qualify what you twit (tweet) is FAKE NEWS
Where are your taxes, DONALD?
Wrong. You're the fake. Wapo is about to drop the mother load on you on Friday.
Show us you pay your taxes first before spewing more lies
So you're not paying taxes so therefore you're fake news  right ? That's how you identify it right ! Or it's only fake if you don't like it
And so is your opinion
Taxes? Seriously? You are going on about taxes...

Do you know what the hell you're talking about Internet Taxes
Internet tax is FAKE NEWS
.@realDonaldTrump Is there a way to punish them for not collecting sales tax from prior years?
Dear Donald - I think there are many big businesses that don't pay taxes for many reasons. Why call out just one?
Including his
Stop tweeting
Get the Mental Health Check.
And you? Do you pay taxes? I'm glad you have nothing else to do but go after the media. Good work, very presidential. make America divided!
No POTUS, u r the biggest FAKE of America. Ur a bully & a TRYANT!

The internet companies should pay taxes.  Amazon is a business, let them pay taxes.  Maybe you can do something, the USA needs those taxes.
So you favor the enactment of a national internet sales tax? Have you consulted with Grover Norquist and your fellow Republicans?
How's it going with creating those internet taxes, Don? Have you figured out they don't exist yet?
THEY should?? But you shouldn't? Ever? Wow!
FAKE NEWS is that phony TIME magazine cover you displayed in your loser hotels.
Please tell us more about internet taxes.
Jeff Bezos has created wealth and jobs, we need more people like Jeff
You don't pay taxes! Delete your account
Internet fed taxes...? #getsomerealadvisors
Ok, you got me. This one just doesn't make any sense to me at all. And usually I'm pretty good at decoding your poorly worded tweets.
ILLEGITIMATE. What's fake news? Trump U promises? Trump's lies about Comey? Obama? How about a FAKE TIME MAGAZINE? Pathetic#FakeNews #trump
Really Don, you're tweeting about someone ELSE not paying taxes?? Pot meet Kettle
Trumps agenda: GTL, Golf, Tweet & Lie. Right on track.
Everyone: when DT says Amazon doesn't pay "internet tax," he's being facetious! Wait, sorry, I meant feces. Donald Trump is a piece of crap.
when you pay taxes talk otherwise SHUT up please
Says the man who pays no taxes 
like you don't pay taxes, right? like you said, you try to pay as little as possible
What is an internet tax? Is this part of your new tax plan? Your tweet sounds like #bezos NOT paying is fake news. Which means he is so...
Does our president have Alzheimer's? None of this is a thing. Internet tax?! Baaahahahahahahahahahaha
WTH are internet taxes?
Wth is internet tax??
Whaaaaaa??  There IS no Internet tax......Mom
Lol. From the master of evading taxes! If you don't have to pay, none of us should!
Dolt
I think your news is fake. #faketrumpnews
#KeepFightingEm #MAGA

This is some hella funny comments!!!
@realDonaldTrump what? Are you suffering dimentia?  Makes no sense.
Actual fake news...
It's 'fake news' because you say it is? Nobody believes anything you say. Stop acting like a whining kid and grow a pair!
Pay attention to doing "presidential" things, for God's sake, instead of minding everyone else's business! Mindless tweets are insane!
Remember I told you to think before you speak & quit attacking people Donald. Washington Post just busted you. It was easy to check.
Yeah!  show us all your tax returns so we can see how an honest American does business!
LMAO YOU SHOULD NOT BE ONE TO TELL PEOPLE TO PAY THIER TAXES!!! YOU WORKED THE SYSTEM URSELF YOU P.O.S.!!!! RESIGN ALREADY YOU SUCK!
I truly believe that Amazon, the Washington Post and Jeff Bezos do not put this country first.
WE are onto this shell game you are running.
Way to make America great... whoops I meant make America divided and full of hate!
#TrumpISFakeNews
He is a fake man sitting in a fake chair. He has take hair. He spews fake language. Everything about this man is fake. #conman and serial ..

#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentNow…
People who live in glass houses, 
Mr. Trump!! Let's see your tax returns
Not as FAKE as your FAKE TIME magazine cover.
#45, YOU NEED HELP!
It's called sales tax which Amazon has collected for years. Hope they highlight this one in your Prez library. 
I hate both Rupubes and Libtard Democrutz. You Sir I especially despise, especially since your vocabulary is much smaller than my 12 Y.O.'s
#trmpdisaster
DEAD WRONG DON.
is that Kettle calling the pot black !! You are the worst,along with your family for not paying taxes !! Lies lies !!
you are the chief purveyor of fake news
The TIME "cover" hanging in your properties is Fake News. No quotes because it truly is Fake.
To me this reads, buy more from Amazon.
they're charging me taxes, aren't they?, ..... i think they are
Do you pay internet taxes? I don't. Don't know anyone who does. Business taxes aren't determined by internet use. Please clarify your point.
He has no idea what "the cyber" is or how it works.
Exactly!
Me and millions of people here in the united states wants you and Mrs trump out of the white house you or her don't deserve to be there
Make them pay 
@Lawrence @maddow Fake President!
They should and it'll just be passed to the consumer. Like every tax.
No, what you've stated is fake news.  Why would Amazon pay taxes for the internet? Your statement makes no sense!!
You are fake news because there is no such thing as "internet taxes"? Because there is no such thing.
Now, the occupant of the Offal Office wants to tax the internet. Excellent Freudian slip!
Speaking of Taxes, you said you would release yours.... but I guess you were just lying about that too....
WPost is just left of center and to their credit, they do high factual reporting - your prefered entertainment channel should take a course
You've got a lot of nerve talking about someone else & their taxes. Pull on your big man drawers & show us yours; the taxes,  that is.
Hmm. Show us ur Income Tax Returns b4 pointing fingers at others. By the way it's been proven Amazon does collect and pay taxes
I don't shop on Amazon any longer.
But you've missed one big point. Amazon DOES pay internet tax. Every sale is taxed by the appropriate agency.
Trump = Imbecile
No such thing as internet taxes. You know just like your capability of upholding your campaign promises
What the fuck is an internet tax? Do you mean sales tax? Also, how are our highest ranking government official?
Please just take down the fake Times from your resorts Donald. Correct the lie & don't attack people and organizations who bust you. Simple.
Speaking of fake news, aren't you the one who pushed Obama's birthplace conspiracy for a few years?
His feelings must hurt.
Comrade Snowflake's?  Always.
There ARE NO INTERNET TAXES! You need to educate yourself or censor yourself, if that's even possible FAKE TWEET!
did you spike your covfefe?
Trump promised to get rid of taxes. What is wrong with Trump?
