You're a maniac!
They are trying to help their families survive! Take your family & try to find water & food each day. You wouldn't make it for a day. Resign

https://youtu.be/O8MqXXX3jOA 
Shame on YOU Trump... Shame on You!

You can't handle the truth. God bless the mayor for speaking it. Maybe you should try it some time. Narcissism is ugly.  God bless PR.
You’re late to the game. You need to send more national guard or military to open roads, drive trucks, distribute aid. Already 9 days late.
Try getting hit with two category 5 hurricanes and then try and "do it all by yourself"
Wow, you're a selfish uncaring racist #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist
You are crazy
Homeless, hungry, injured, people often need help.  Perhaps if you’d responded sooner?  You’re kicking someone who’s down. #showsomedignity

You wouldn't recognize a community effort if it bit your butt. Their entire country destroyed, they deserve help, not bashing from you! Sad!
You suck at this! Maybe you should quit!
You have shown us who you are...and then continue to remind us. Are you human?
That's Puerto Rico for you!!! We've enabled this behavior for years. Help them & then they need to become independent.
I’m Puerto Rican and I agree with this
I'm not boricua but have a huge history w/ the island & I've seen the corruption close up. Truly sad they've destroyed la isla del encanto.
I just want my parents and brother to get out of there there is no future in Puerto Rico
So true! I've helped many relocate to the mainland. Pray that your family can too. 

WTF is wrong with you? PR was decimated. How are the ppl who themselves are doing without the basics, supposed to help others get it?
Only a heartless person would blame those without food, water, electricity, gas & access to money, for not doing enough.
God, you blame PR for your extreme inadequacies and you wonder why your approval numbers are so low.
Every single f*cking day I think there is no way I could hate you more, and yet every single day you prove me wrong.
I told my wife, I have never wished I'll on anyone. But, should something awful befall this man, I fear I would be incapable of sympathy.
But why do we spend $600 billion a year on our military and we can't even get 5000 troops over there to help?
You didn't tell Florida in Houston that it was a 'community effort'.
He’s feeding the ‘brown people are lazy narrative’ absolutely disgusting.
Well. After that sewage, I can only imagine the jolly welcome you’re going to get in Puerto Rico.
The Mayor literally had pallets of food and water behind her and she was bitching about not having food or water

Thanks
Are you freaking kidding me.  What is wrong with you?clueless, my description of you.
As an American I am angry at your response and I am sure the media will have a field day with this ugly, disgusting tweet...
That's what Liberals do 
Cry victim
Want solutions
 Expect Someone else to Clean up
Complains not right
 Don't want to help
#liberalism
10,000 workers for 4 million people. even your general said he needs more you dotard
Community effort? With what? Broken branches? Puerto RIco citizens ARE pulling together--doing much with nothing. And u simply tweet BS.
You are counting the federal workers who already live on PR!! Send RELIEF workers, you idiot!!
This from the bat shit crazy #LiarInChief #zerocredibility #donthecon it's unfortunate we can't believe a thing you say or tweet. SAD!

Lol!
Obviously you never read his work schedule, 7 days a week minimum of 10 hours a day. What's your schedule in Mom's basement? Oh, he's 70 too
WTF are you talking about? They've been through a devastating event. You can't expect them to do everything, you didn't in Texas and Florida
Yes, USVI/PR are so privileged.  It's not as though there's a humanitarian crisis going on our anything.
Another corrupt liberal dependant enclave bites the dust and it's YOUR fault?
I don't think so, Tim
#ImpeachTrump
Trump's just a genuinely bad person.
What do you say to the man that DEMANDS LOYALTY FROM EVERYONE HE MEETS and then DISRESPECTS BASICALLY EVERYONE ALL THE TIME?!
I don't know how to tell you YOU SHOULD CARE ABOUT OTHER PEOPLE.
Trump's opportunity to be truly Presidential is here and now. If he doesn't use it ALL of US need to accept he doesn't care about ANY of us.
He said from day one "America First". We had two hurricanes in America and we are taking care of America First just like he promised!
Puerto Rico is a US territory. @realDonaldTrump is their President. They are US citizens. They serve in our military.
Hey America!

PUERTO RICO IS PART OF AMERICA!
That's just not happening. It's just not true. I am worried and frustrated as it appears there's immense amounts of misinformation here
I believe Trump is referring to PR’s government officials.
I agree, and I agree with his comments in that direction. Had NO Idea of the corruption that is now getting people killed. Tragic
Awww shucks.
I thought you'd turned a corner on the whole Trumpy thing.
Nope, still blaming everyone else. Dammit, Curt.
I had hope for you.
Just because he doesn't agree with you lol gotta love it
Nah...it's because he lies. A lot.
And spews bullshit. A lot.
And kisses Trump's arse. A lot.
Why do rapists blame their victims? Asking for a sovereign US territory.
Why the fuck are we still screwing around with #PuertoRico when they r bankrupt, corrupt, and vote down statehood continually? Piss on em.
They've voted for statehood twice in the past five years.
I stand corrected....
I guess given the sorry state of affairs, it’s makes sense. Can’t wait for another Chicago to join.
They'll be better than Chicago. They've got beaches, rainforests, valuable ports. Make them a state and make all federal law applicable and the economy will roar. Same thing happened with Hawaii in 1959.
Well they’re bankrupt so bout same boat as IL-due to Chicago. Why tourism hasn’t flourished is a mystery. That should be a revenue earner.
Part of the problem is awareness. When Hawaii became a state, tourism spiked and once people knew how amazing it was they never stopped coming. PR tourism is high, but there's lots of room to grow.
My Dad went there twice and enjoyed it. I wonder how they are gonna climb outta the fiscal hole tho. Bankruptcy can’t be the go to fix.
Late night shows are gonna be all over this
Keep feeding red meat to your rabid base 

The Russia scandal is complicated, so we thought we would do what every other crime investigator does these days and make one of these: 
The United States  citizens know what our reaction was and is to their peril. Distribute the necessities. Don't preach.

Wow!!! Your just a sad sad human being.
I can always find redeeming qualities in everyone; in many I find those qualities; however, in your case; I can find none. Shame on u
Do you check your facts to make your point or just make them up as you go along?  Everyone has said people are there but not enough #SAD
You’re a very vile man. Try being human instead of petty. You’re an embarrassment to our great nation. Totally incapable of empathy.
Do you know where the Island is and how to spell it///
You're late to the party dip shit
You should be ashamed of yourself for suggesting this.
Your response will always be deemed too little / too late.  Puerto Ricans are US  citizens & deserve better.
You keep tweeting this from your comfy Mar-a-lago suite while this is the San Juan mayor you're bashing for "wanting everything done for her"
I'm embarrassed!
Well said Mr. President
Even W knew better than to go after the mayor of New Orleans while he royally screwed up the relief effort. You're even worse than W
@realDonaldTrump https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10155166583389247&id=531544246 …
How can it be a community effort when they have been DESTROYED by a hurricane?!? They have NOTHING!
Hard to work without food and water and worrying about your kids.  Tell your own trophy hunting sons. Work harder and kill less.
People that are evil get their own, back believe me you someday you're going to need someone to help you and no one will be there for you
If this was Russia and they ask for help you would be there with open arms
Stop calling people that work a lot harder then you lazy. Are you the one fighting to try and save there home. No. Didn't think so.Hypocrite
Obama depleted the military remember so you can't get that many when they are deployed in other countries common sense dah!!!!
WTG Pres Trump! Our family and church are praying for you.
This is the most horrible thing you've ever said. Anyone that continues to respect you after this is also a horrible person.
Everybody knows Puerto Rico is an island surrounded by water obviously you just found that out your business man not a people's man
Boy, it sounds like you again, you want everything done for you
This statement  is so humiliating & disrespectful to me & to my people in Puerto Rico. In God we Trust not in You .
So embarrassed by his words!  What an ass!
@realdonaldtrump Why do you see us as 2nd Class citizens? Aren't we American's too? Did Texas/Florida want everything done for them? #Sad
TRUMP= MR DIVIDER IN CHIEF.  pathetic excuse for a human being
Want everything done for them? Really? Why don’t u save your trip to PR and stay golfing nobody wants u in PR you are a disgrace as a POTUS!
No one expected PR to get 2 unpredictable hurricanes to follow each other. FEMA telling President it was prepared is naive negligence or lie
Most vile human I have witnessed.
@realDonaldTrump when is the c trump nightmare going to be over..
Stop the madness, this is not what our country is about.  Someone @WhiteHouse should stop this man from being so hateful to American citizens.   We deserve better. @GOP @TheDemocrats @BarackObama @GeorgeHWBush @BillClinton #americaproud
Can you help me find a white person who can tell me what black people has done to them to make them hate us the way they do?
I will answer for them, because we will not except slavery as a way of life, and we demand to be treated as men
San Juan mayor looks exhausted.  How about reaching out to her instead of attacking her.  Can you at least PRETEND to be a leader?
I absolutely   all of these angry people who still can’t handle the fact that you are the 45th POTUS. Their tantrums get funnier everyday
says the guy in a plush country club.
So says the one who is currently vacationing at one of his luxurious country clubs/golf courses.  Where's your effort, Mr.Trump, hole #18?
No class
You're an asshole.
If you think you're doing a good job you really need to fact check yourself before you tweet it's embarrassing when you tweet LOSER LIAR! !
It takes organization and leadership to start such efforts. Some people don't have leadership skills (like the complaining mayor).
listen Trump you never worked a day in your life your father gave you your money.
The liberals have taken away their initiative to be self sufficient and they only know dependency. They need BIG Gov
What Words of Wisdom,  coming from someone who has EVERYTHING DONE FOR HIM by someone else!
These people are literally in shock. They need our help. It’s the human thing to do.
It seems to me that President Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal with the 3Rs is the solution for Puerto Rico! IMPLEMENT!
@realDonaldTrump is it a community effort to golf when American citizens are dying? Puerto Rico is part of the US!!
Hey , Plump Trump, STOP embarrassing yourself!
workers there NOW ! And no thanks to you ! You or a sad excuse for a president in an embarrassment to the United States
.@realDonaldTrump You are a threat to humanity. RESIGN and check yourself into a mental health facility. #25thAmendmentNow
Always to be known for how your admin abandoned the US citizen to play golf.    Shameful and incompetent..
Instead of tweeting why don't u go back on the HOWARD STERN SHOW- U were a"natural" He might not want you cause even he voted for Hillary!!!
Embarrassment @realDonaldTrump @manchuriancandidate
"They want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort." #Trump quote on #PuertoRico
#WorstPresidentEver
More were sent to Haiti & that's not even part of the US (Puerto Rico is!!!)
How dare you INSULT American citizens like that? YOU bent over backwrds for Repub states but failed PR - and then went golfing. This is on u
Fox news needs to be on ground so we can see what is really going on
Shes an ingrate
Wow! And you call yourself our President. Just resign already!!


Look who wants everything done for them

How dare you! Everyone is devastated! Did you ever see the real picture how it's entirety was damaged? Put yourself to victims' feet dying!
You are only worried about you and I very disappointed but you don't care about us regular people

This clown say he can destroy korea wat?if trump cant event send food,medicine to Puerto Rico because a big ocean  wat make him think he can
Always changing the narrative.  However bottom line is they are US Citizens that you are abandoning.
You put the “ass” in compassion

You sir are unbelievably without compassion!
Your leadership skills are terrible and I'm ashamed you are my president.
Mental
How you dare criticize in this desperate times!  Shame on you!!
Yep you're right Trump they should get off their lazy ass and do something
GET RID OF HIM
 HE'S CRAZY
.
So when Houston got totalled everyone talks about it and helps out but nothing is being said about Puerto Rico or Mexico 
Meanwhile you tweet, golf,  and try to figure out where PR is-sad
WHAT IS WRONG WOTH YOU
Nonsense..
Big joke
Idiot
you do realize you are president of all Americans not just your supporters. Hurricanes don't differentiate....
I suppose you're cooking your own meals, doing your own laundry, lugging your own clubs while you waste more tax payer money @ your resort.
I thought I leave this picture here for you. When the things that come out your mouth is nonsense. Puerto Ricans are resilant people.
Funny how he says this, but talks about the fake news sayin he's wasnt doing anything. This shows u felt as lil help as possible shld b gven
God is not with you I promise , that is why everything your trying to do can't get done, your hate is consuming you, repent .
No one ever gives you the benefit of the doubt and the media takes everything and twist it. I'm sure you did your best to help out as pres
love you Mr. President
Trump is best man for office, his background is real estate development. He is a asset!
I kinda wondered when your sociopathic lazy ass was gonna drag out the "lazy brown people" bullshit.
Can someone answer how the mayor had the t shirt made that we are dying here if there is no power etc?A gift from @CNN This woman has issues
This is who we are! 11 trucks loaded this weekend heading to our people! THIS IS A COMMUNITY EFFORT!

Martial Law Now!
HOW CAN YOU HELP THEM WHEN THE OFFICIALS THERE ARE CRIMINALS STEALING SUPPLIES TO BE RESOLD TO THE POOR PEOPLE? WE KNOW HOW CORRUPT PR IS
Every time people say “taxpayers paying for XYZ” every time people saying “people want Xyz done for them”. That’s racism.
Shame on you.  Belittling the mayor of a city on one of OUR territories is belittling to you.  Do what is right and apologize.
When in the midst of complete destruction and danger, would you expect to be able to perform your job at your best?
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @washingtonpost

They want and NEED the same things they needed in Texas and Florida. When a President says "my fellow Americans" he means them as well!
Of course being a "fake president" you wouldn't get that as you don't get so many things a QUALIFIED President would innately understand!
Doing a great job with helping the people of P.R. Their communities also need to help each other!
God Bless Our President Trump!
hmmm. the left & fake media will take you down for this one.
it your own fault.
maybe its time to put the cell down.
But aren't you the one with all the servants? Could you actually go an entire day without everything being done for you?
By your logic, since you live on a stroke diet, we'll see if you get an ambulance when the inevitable occurs.
I sure hope not.

Oh yeah, let's make the community of sick and dying people help out with all the work that needs to be done. What a stupid thing to say!
