Sir you are an Exceptional Commander In Chief,God Bless YouAnd Your Personal Family And Your American Family,we think alike
Pray for our President and all people in our Government, They and We need Guidance from our Heavenly Father...........Keep The Faith
Not as long as you're spewing your racist, homophobic rhetoric! #DumpTrump #TrumpRussia #MuellerIsComing #LoserTrump
Playing Golf  for 17 days  on the tax payers dime is not working .It is  theif .
Guess u haven't heard...President Trump does NOT get a salary from the tax payers/gov. Do u pay taxes??
Thanks Pres Trump for your leadership and standing your ground denouncing the various hate groups and supporting unity.  MAGA
Yes, he denounced protestors against racist nazis... GREAT JOB!! Make America Hate Again....
...and he denounced KKK and white supremist
After he said NOTHING The first time... listen carefully... he doesn't care about YOU or ME... just himself and his EGO,,,,
I dont care much about him or how he says things.  I care about what his economic agenda and foreign is and what he gets done.  Good so far!
What has he gotten done so far? Aside from singing exec orders, most of which meant nada. Stop looking foolish, research for yourself...
??? I feel the same... unfit... unhinged!!!
They are protesting against you, silly.
We're u among the protestors?
Do you speak English?
so they spoke out against you ?!
Nope we didnt!
The World is!
I agree with our @POTUS. We are Americans! Boston did great. Free Speech and Love. God Bless our Officers too. 
Until all people (gay, trans, black, Hispanic, etc.) are treated equally and have equal rights, I don't think we will come together as one.
..and u think everyonr that comes over should have same rights as u because u are American! BE PROUD BE THANKFUL BE FREE..  HOLD UR HEAD UP
I think the alt left has pushed the American conservative against the wall calling us hateful racist. If its unity@  learn how to apologize.
There is no alt left. That isn't a thing except in Fox's imagination
Antifa alt-left violence attacking conservative free speech in the guise of liberals and Democrats
Who stole your phone?
HELLOW,MR.DONALD TRUMP!"THE CORRUPTED OFFICIALS ARE USEING MY MONEY AND INVESTMENTS,TO STOP YOUR INVESTIGATION ON ME!.
HELLOW,MR.DONALD TRUMP!"THAT IS HOW SERIOUS,MY 141-BILLION DOLLAR INVESTMENTS ARE".MY INVESTMENTS AND MONEY IS ENDLESS!.
HELLOW,MR.DONALD TRUMP,BUT IT IS ONLY OBVIOUS THAT,THE CORRUPTED OFFICIALS CANT CLAIM,WHAT IS NOT THERE'S.JAMES W PAGADUAN
HELLOW,MR.DONALD TRUMP,EVER SINCE YOU,STARTED INVESTIGATING"JAMES W. PAGADUAN "ONLY THEN ALL THE CONTROVERSY STARTED?.
Too bad you couldn't do the same. The most uniting day this country will see is the day you leave office. By whatever means necessary.
He has pride running through Americans veins again. Maybe you will understand that at some point in your life.
Perhaps one day you will understand equality and justice for all, but I'm not holding my breath
Shame on you !!! Those are hateful non American people .. I voted for you to stop this save our country. Your losing us stop the hate NOW
Which "protestors"
Are you talking abt?  I hope it's isn't blm or antifa
No. They were some decent people, marching without violence. Of course, there were disruptions from the Left.
News flash Donald! They are speaking out against YOU TOO!
Damn straight!
We don't want your applause we want your resignation. And I don't think you wrote this anyway. The spelling and punctuation is correct. Heel
I'm guessing you lost your phone and someone with a conscience and spelling skills picked it up? #cyka.
Cops were attacked with urine; several dozen arrests were made.
Unfortunately, I don't see that happening under a divisive President.  #Sad
Maybe you missed the fact that they were speaking out against you, the one who promotes bigotry and hate.
not so long as you're in that house u keep desecrating w/your unholy sulphuric essence. You're a joke + so is your tweet. All o'them, really
Idiots flooding the streets  protesting an imaginary reality  attempting to cleanse themselves of the shame of their personal prejudice.
Boston hypocrite guilt march.
Oh how i can relate for trump sometimes! Everyone is always hating on trump but he continues to keep marching forward.
You know better than to characterize antifa as benevolent voices of opposition against bigotry and hate.  They're the bigots Mr. President.
Not with you as president
Read the evil words that have torn apart the moral fabric of our society!!
Oh no Mr President! Did someone steal your phone and tweet this?#faketweet
Hopefully you will still investigate the hired bands of 
leftist thugs who go to hot spots to stir up violence against conservatives?
You are the bigotry and hate
You sound like a contractor telling homeowners that the work will soon be done. Two Weeks people - we'll come together in two weeks.
Now that s presidential
How many times does 1 guy need to repeat himself for slack jawed, liberals that can't hear real words properly #trump #Charlottesville
As soon as you are impeached, I will believe that.
You going then? #TrumpResignِ
Imagine that.  Protestors make a more definitive statement than @POTUS.
Nazi Racist @realDonaldTrump the real Boston Protestors were protesting the illegitimate one the Non-@POTUS Squatter in the @WhiteHouse #CNN
America will come together, despite your interference, incitement and fake leadership
I want to applaud the many protesters in Boston who are speaking out against Donnie the dick!Donnie is bigotry and hate! Our country hates U
#Charlottesville #Confederate #USA #HeatherHeyer
America will never know peace. A civil war is coming. Be prepared. Choose a side and choose wisely. #civilunrest #civilwar #AnubisLives
Thank you President Trump, we love you, we all bleed the same color, & created by the same God.
http://nbcnews.to/2vg9paa  REAL NEWS. TRUMP IS FAKE NEWS. THIS IS REAL NEWS. #TRUMPLIES #IMPEACHTRUMP #TrumpResign #Resist
#DemocratViolence Antifa are thugs-they are obscene, vulgar and violet.
My footage from Boston: violent clashes between the police and protesters. 
Are you unable to separate anarchists from democrats? You sound incredibly uneducated.
Name one democrat leader that has denounced Antifa or BLM. You sound like a jerk.
As long as you continue to spread a decisive message, this country will never be ONE. Get off twitter and try to do your job.
The future of our country, is doomed with you as president!!!
you are ridiculous! who do you think you are fooling?
Not with you as president
Not with you in theWhite House!
The phrase "too little, too late" comes to mind
20 ppl holding "anti GMO" and "B.L. DO matter" signs attacked as Nazis by 40k anarchists....talk about blindly following a narrative//sheesh
Thank you for all you are doing. I for one appreciate and applaud your efforts.
Most were anti-YOU. Can you feel the disgust from your fellow Americans, i.e. "ENEMIES?!"
Who wrote this for you?
Why didn't you speak out against racism, hatred and bigotry instead of supporting white nationalists and neo-Nazis?
If only we could believe you truly mean this, but unfortunately, we all know better
Is this the kind of pc tweet we get with Bannon out? Stop listening to libs Ivanka & Jared and get Bannon back!
Illuminati is going to use the eclipse to begin their brainwashing masterplan.
#TrumpResign

You are nothing but an empty, hateful, lying #traitor 

Leave OUR House and take your lying #traitor kids with you.
I want to applaud them for protesting too. Your Nazi friends looked hilarious hiding in that gazebo
they were really protesting about you--and we will be one when you take a hike to siberia
Many more protestors speak out against you! Our country will come together when you are no longer in it!
Mr.President,
Thank you for talking directly to the American people. Excellent speech yesterday. We are with you all the way.
Thank you.
Only when you resign or end up in prison for treason.
Yes, to see you in jail.
Are you actually for real
You don't fool me.
That's Comedy finest kind  #Trump
GOD BLESS  D. J.  TRUMP
We must come together or fail
You're a character George Orwell had in mind for the sequel to "1984," but you wouldn't understand because you cannot read.
you're like the devil only more flappy
@realDonaldTrump you do realize you are a part of the problem, right?
Why did you oppose this perspective for the past two years?
Why would it..?? When you spent all your time in power promoting bigotry while supporting division from whitin!?!? 
As you were...
yes as soon as you are out of office. That is what it has to take. People are fed up with you and your flaunting of our morals, values, laws
Not with you as POTUS. We will never become one. You advocates hate. You claim to not be racist or homophobic but, you applaud the people
Me President use cruise ships for relief victims we have lots of water
ugodog
And yet here you are attempting to separate it and undermine minorities.
So true... what is wrong with all these far left liberals?  They need to move out of our great country!!
Za
Nazi invaders very very bad people, but Resistance in France blew up trains. #bothsides
Yes, it will. When you are out of office
It's got to heal Mr. President. I pray for you daily.
God Bless you dearest man of God. His Love and blessing will be upon all who align with His Vision for America. Just rest in Him.
They're speaking out against you
No Thanks to you, That's for sure. 
If we could rid ourselves of Soros and his pundits, we wouldn't have such a problem!!
America loves President Trump 
Maybe after your removal from office but not before that

Trump: "All Americans must come together in a spirit of unity and peace."

CNN: Trump Goes off the Rails in Angry, Divisive Speech
Just curious- you realize that the majority of those folks were speaking out against you and what you stand for? Your ignorance is painful.
Yes we will, but not until you're either in prison or executed for treason.
You had the chance to bring the country together tonight and it was a massive failure again!
Your country will come together when you get impeached 
Now if only you could! #idiot
So they must be speaking of you ....
It's about time you saw the light!
#TrumpResign
Pssst......hey.......you're a big part of the bigotry & hate they're against.  It's funny you're applauding them for rejecting you. 
I want to applaud myself in Boston but I don't dare show my face there. Our country will soon come together as one to unseat me! *Fixed
You cannot have it both ways... u can fool some of the people all of the time, and most of the people some of the time, but cannot fool all
Lying TRAITOR and a loser and an illegitimate 45. You were for the White Supremacy a few days ago.  Always lying. What do we believe?
Who really wrote this, Donald? It's like night & day from your usual spewage. If it was you, you might be bi-polar. Better get that checked.
What a world we live in, where a complicated issue can be wrapped in a pretty little 140 character bow with little effort of those leading.
Yeah riiiight
Doesn't the Democratic Party owe reparations for slavery given its central role in 19th century slavery?
Too little too late, Humpty Trumpty. You had your chance after Charlottesville and blew it
The country will come together as one when you're out of the oval office you orange buffoon. 
It's such a shame you don't agree with whoever wrote this tweet for you.
Those treasonous force casting kidnapped, raped American as prostitute MUST BE CONDEMNED if we are moral & fair.
You're fake news Donald.
Your first Tweet called protesters 'anti-police'.  Way to stir the pot. I forgot, the witch hunt references were the first Freudian slip. 
HELLOW,"JAMES W. PAGADUAN"MY MONEY,BREAKS RELATIONSHIP'S,BREAKS GOVERNMENT'S AND MAKES THEM COMMIT IDENTITY THEFT!

Antifa Fake Protesters Demand their monies in front of Soros Building  https://twitter.com/kekreddington/status/898885194844864512 …
,,,,,,,,,,,,

8 dead, 50 wounded in Chgo this weekend.

Meanwhile, not one Confederate Monument in the entire US killed or wounded anyone this weekend.

Antifa Added to Terrorist List & Missouri Senator Will Be Removed in September  https://www.pscp.tv/w/bGiLxDFYSmprZFJKbmRNRUx8MXlwS2RsQXFScGRLV-v4HHIkTWzi2EfDjy3KE0H58Z4dq6IOzIAW6ClrlSaR …
@emmniic18 that's scary
It's the anti-protestors who were the trouble makers. They have issues with free speech.

Breaking: The @FBI has set up a special tip line for video evidence of ANTIFA violence in Charlottesville. 

https://tips.fbi.gov/digitalmedia/8b8abd1ef31b408 …
"Looks like many anti-police agitators in Boston. Police are looking tough and smart! Thank you."  Did you forget you said this 2 days ago?

How many Antifa members will be arrested today while wearing their special 'eclipse glasses' thinking that nobody can see them riot... 
Sorry to say not as long as u are in the WH. Need to be checked for Dementia or Alzheimer because ur old ass has it coming on! Get out now!
WTH? R U kidding me? #Antifa is a violent FASCIST hate America organization!!
Your vision of coming together
Which side are you talking about? Never sure with you.
To Hell with your empty words.
We know you never mean it.
#Resist
#ImpeachTrump
I still have NO CLUE as to why POTUS is even making this tweet considering what happened in Boston isn't reported. WHOOO is informing Trump
We will come together as one when "YOU ARE GONE"
Wow, that's cute.  At least you're sort of trying - maybe it is possible for you to learn after all!  Or was it Kelly told u to tweet this?
My country coming together u had nothing to do with the country getting back together u are only for the racist pigs
#TrumpResign
Americans don't like you. Americans don't want you. Neither does anyone else. #traitortrump
Could you tell whoever has your phone to give it back? #TrumpResign #Article25 #Impeach
I don't see that happening anytime soon & NOT because of you but because of the HATE on the left & their ONE agenda has backfired.
They are speaking out against YOU! YOU perpetuate hate and bigotry
@TerryMcAuliffe #WesBellamy #WV #Boston #KY #AZ #CA #NC #FL #PA #WI #IN #IA #Oh #MI #VA #NY #TX #TN #SC #DC #MA #GA #AL #NV #Detroit #MO #NJ
When are you going to call the #KKK & these other white supremacists groups what they are. #DOMESTICTERRORISTS
That is NOT #FakeNews Mr T!
No. The time for that was last week. TOO LATE. You are the poster boy for bigotry and hate. Have several seats.
They did what our President won't do.  You and your false moral equivalency should crawl away in shame.
Love you @Potus you are the best for u.s.
Yep. Big party for the impeachment. Boston Commons will be packed!
Please resign. Thanks.
Donnie, just wanted to say THANK YOU for the kind words about me. NOW,  please RESIGN !   #TrumpResign
As long as your president, and we have people like you in power.  We will never come together as a nation.  #NotMyPresident #thisisnotus
Are you resigning?!
Not mypresident when is the party for his resignation or impeachment he is a disgrace and not a leader he has no moralcompass #GETRIDOFTRUMP
In JESUS name i decree it and declare it. God says in genesis when the peopl are1 nothing we imagine will be restrained from us
After you're gone
U don't get to "applaud" anything. U had your chance after Charlottesville. U blew it. U don't get a "mulligan" on that subject ever again
a bigot says what????
