THANKS OBAMA  ! ! !

For real haven't heard a word on MSM.
Oh they're sneaking around somewhere
Just wait a minute...
If you really want to know what people think ask your neighbor, doctor, waitress, hairdresser, soccer mom, kids teacher, appliance repairman
Yes you're right
I was agreeing with you about the MSM...
Keep an eye on the market, snake oil salesman.When confidence in your admin drops to a certain point,so will Wall St. speculation. Then what
Gary your correct, that it reminds me of , 2008, 2009 when shit hit the fan.
This time, I wish the ceiling fan in the Oval Office would hit the shit pretending to work there.
THANKS OBAMA!

Stocks end sharply lower, extending a weeklong slide, as the Dow Jones industrial average drops more than 600 points. http://apne.ws/Wa9J0gU 
We're going to need tax reform to keep this market going
Barely
u can look for  trouble
Stock market hits another high with spirit and enthusiasm so positive. Jobs outlook looking very good! #MAGA https:/...
AMAZING WORK MR. TRUMP -- THANK YOU!
YOUR HARD WORK MEANS A LOT TO US, THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
THANK YOU MR. TRUMP FOR HELPING AMERICA BE GREAT AGAIN...WE LOVE YOU!
I AM SO PROUD OF OUR COUNTRY. MR. TRUMP IS DOING SO MUCH HARD WORK!
Daily Reminder: CNN is #FakeNews
Is mainstream media failing?
Finally! A poll for the mouth breathers!!
6 months ago you said the stock market was over inflated. That it was bad fotr it to soar to these heights. What has changed?

Great,as a republican stick to getting congress working on your programs. Forget about the Dems they will dry up on their own.
BOOM BANG ZOOM
WINNING
LOTS OF WINNING
I hear the more you put the Press down the more they are going to look into you.

Bless you sir. We are with you.
Republicans need a red check mark by their name. It'll make my life easier.
It's because u put out a statement on, the White House is focusing on healthcare, & jobs. Ty President Trump 
Find a new nominee for FBI. Not Wray!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks Obama 
I think the market has now already factored in the upcoming impeachment and is anticipating better times beyond.
You hit another low https://www.wsj.com/amp/articles/russian-officials-overheard-discussing-trump-associates-before-campaign-began-1499890354 …
Thanks Obama!  Even President Snowflake can't slow down the Obama economy.

The maker is so high because all the crooks who work at the WH knows that  Trump time is short lets take what ever we can.Trump u r a fraud
Last year at this time you stated that the REAL unemployment figures were close to 40%. The rich get richer and the poor get no healthcare.
3 Years, 6 Months, 7 Days, 17 Hours, 53 Minutes, and 41 Seconds 

Until you are gone
Plus four more years for his second term.
glad you are able to coast on the successes you inherited
Keep making America Great Again!
Thank you President Obama !!!

Keep fighting that globalist agenda and your approval rate will keep rising! 41.4263% #BetterThanObama
The only people who benefit from high stock market values are rich people who trade in the stock market.
We don't pay attention to the MSM.  The American people know that they have an agenda.  We care about jobs, lowering taxes, health care!!
Employment =red pill
Thanks again Obama! Better than the current criminal in the WH! Stay in France, loser! #BringObamaBack
I thought all this data was fake! Wow. Well, if it's real, then thanks Obama! #ThanksObama

New All Time High on the S&P500 -- The market loves Trump, and the dishonest #MSM is ignoring it -- @realDonaldTrump 
You're a fraudster hahaha http://dealbreaker.com/2016/08/jacob-wohl-nfa-get-off-my-lawn/ …
Buy 1989 on iTunes
Also, there were no bear attacks today. So, you know, good job with that too.
Thanks Obama!  #25thThe45th
OUR @POTUS MAGA Sure no one is griping about this !  All the way to the Bank!
THANKS OBAMA!
And your approval rating keeps getting lower. I know you think your tweeting helps, but it doesn't. You're nuts.
Did you not get enough love from your dad, so you just desperately try to get adulation anywhere you can???
Looks like he treats his son the same way. Who calls their son "high quality"? It sounds like he is talking about one of his steaks.
Try not to collude with Russia while you're over there in France.
It's because you are bringing back coal, Blockbuster Video, Members Only Jackets, and Casio.
And VHS tapes. Woohoo!
I thought you hated Wall Street?
None of the numbers were real under Obama. Now not only are they real but he wants all the credit. Typical.
You realize he doesn't give a shit about Christians, right? He panders to you for your support, but he'd sell you out for a nickel.
Wow .The media will fail to report this!!! Trump supporters are gathering strength, we stand with you and Don Jr. against this media attack
Supporters of trump are spineless sheep
Poor Mike. R u gonna cry bro?? 
MAGA
Cry? No I don't cry I sit back and laugh at how trump is making his supporters look fools. I'm just glad he can't get anything done #resist
The Hildabeast didn't get elected.....that got done ! Keep resisting Mike!
That's the best you got name calling. So if I say trump is nothing more than Putin's cock holder how would you feel?
It was your name calling that started all this . Keep up.
If I looked like Mike I'd resist too 
Thanks Obama.
Yes thank you #Obama for finally leaving office
The day Obama took office, the Dow closed at 7,949 points. Eight years later, the Dow had almost tripled, closing at 21,414.
So did the national debt! Duh
Actually as a percent of GDP the national debt went from 9% of GDP to 3 % of GDP under Obama. Please free yourself from conservative media.
Yeah but we are not talking about per % of GDP. In $, he almost doubled it from Bush who almost doubled it from all the presidents before...
I bet you can't explain how an increase in the national debt affects you in any way whatsoever.
Liberals love debt, spending and tax increases, it their blood
3 Years, 6 Months, 7 Days, 17 Hours, 53 Minutes, and 41 Seconds
Until inauguration for his 2nd term!
They fall for it every time.
I'm a single mother of four and I need a stress free job that pays me enough to afford a house, so why can't I find one?!!!! Nepotism sir
Who do you think your fooling. I've  watch for year, the stock market has never hit this high in history. Apparently you don't have a portfolio.
3 dead ... rip... denounce duke personally
Loved my 401k!!!!!
Job outlook for a particular 15K troops cannot boast the same.
Looks pretty good compared to Obama.

Senate Congress liberal judges lifetime Federal  agency  whack jobs  government's a mess drain the -----
If you do something for USA only, you are just a small business man, not a leader in the world.
#maga Morons Are Governing America
It mean's make Amercia great again John
WHAAAA!!! NOOO!!! REALLY???
yes
Question. Why is only negative Trump news fake but good Trump news is real?
I dont know , I dident say he's perfect their are some thing's he does Wrong but their is also fake new's about him
Thank you for demonstrating that you lack critical thinking skills. Goodbye.
thats mean but Goodbye John
Well then how come out lives have not changed for the better
Despite your shenanigans.
The poor and middle class don't give a shit about the fat cats making millions on the stock market.
Dear potus we love you keep yo the good work you'll be rewarded
whoopie i day out of how many sucky days
Wow, who taught you how to cut and paste. Your twitter skills are over the top.
There he goes again putting out those lies again. The job market looks good but there are not enough qualified people to take them. So sad!!
https://goo.gl/hV1U34   https://goo.gl/n3i5cE 
God Bless all
In May, CNN claimed that "Trump fears" caused the Dow to drop 373 pts. It has gained nearly 1000 pts since and not a word. Typical!

Winning WHAT?!
@DonaldJTrumpJr - Yes, the stock market is guessing the Trump presidency will be over soon and the nation can start healing.
"Outlook looking?" Do you speak English? Doesn't look like it. Sad.
The public will need those jobs to pay for med costs b/c they got kicked off their plan thanks to #Trumpcare! #Trumpcarekills #WorstPOTUS
That helps so many Americans 
NOT
Yeah fruits of obama's hardwork
Money loves money, sure but fake, phony, illegitimate presidency colluding with Russians, obstructing justice is treasonous
Thank You Mr Donald J Trump. PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
Awesome
The Trump rally continues on 
Building that bubble right back up so it can implode again.  Great job!
The stock market is rising despite the incompetence and corruption of this Administration, climbing 'the wall of worry.' All about the Fed.
Great news
stock market is a fake economic indicator, like CNN is fake news, propaganda.
It would be higher if Hillary was President becuz your unstable!
You do know that the market has absolutely nothing to do with jobs right?  Also since you haven't done anything yet no credit to you.

I tried to tell you; but why listen to me? I'm not Hamilton. I'm A Hamilton Spirit.

#ThatsHowWeResist @GOP @DNC #ResistTrump…
Thanks Obama!
So if you're the president during the next crash, you'll take credit for that as well, correct?
Thanks to Obama !
and stlil on obama's budget
And what was your contribution from the 1st tee?   Besides your platitudes have you articulated any policy-. That's right MAGA
Only for rich white men
Finally a man in the WH.
Better under President Obama
#ThanksObama
What goes up, will come down!  The job outlook was actually better under Obama.  Has slipped since you took office!
You can thank President Obama for that.
#rhetoricisntprogress!!
U can thank Obama for that remember W and the great recession always taking credit for what U did not do stay in France resign !!
Statistically speaking it should be much higher compared to the jump after Obama took office.
Thank you Obama! Xo
FAKE NEWS ALERT....LOL 

Thanks @POTUS44 budget. When Trumps appvd budget goes into effect next fiscal year, I hope we see the same.
If I say it, they'll believe it.
Jobs jobs specially if u r a lawer contact Trump s family lots of opportunities. 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.
excellent Go your way Mr. President and send the press to the place you deserve
It's been going up consistently since 2008. You have done NOTHING you orangutan. #sad #creditwhereitsdue
Don't celebrate yet. You don't own this. The first 6 months of ANY administration is a hangover, good or bad, from the previous.
Great if you have a 401(k)
If America is doing better than why is cnn complaining so much
Yes thank you Obama.
Nope, sorry. Too distracted by the eye-popping scandalous pay-for-play, Russia-themed Trump administration and family.
I have yet to figure out why the media is not talking about the stock market highs!
"Thank you, President Obama, for leaving us such a strong economy that even a small-fingered vulgarian can't screw it up.
Mueller Watch!
We talk around the dinner table almost every night about how much better things are: jobs, morale, stock market- you're #MAGA. #Happy
Once again, thanks Obama!
And NONE of it has ANYTHING TO DO WITH YOU!!!!
A President who Actually works for the Country not AGAINST the Country!!! Thanku POTUS TRUMP!!
How is the stock market value important for the poor half of the people?
U.S. stock market is 66% higher than it should be! DJIA+0.57% S&P 500, Nasdaq 100 NDX+1.21% and Russell 2000 RUT+0.8%  already fallen.
thanks Obama!
Thanks, Obama!!
Thanks Obama!
It looks much like a continuation of the economy of the last 3 years. The one you said was a disaster
THANKS OBAMA!!  DONNY AMERICA WAS GREAT UNTIL JAN 20TH 2017.. NOW PEOPLE ARE LITERALLY LAUGHING @ YOU...

あなたのおかげではないと思うけど
Thanks Obama#impeach45
#CrookedDonald The market being up has to do with business fundamentals and the momentum of the economy from Obama. Nothing to do with you.
Thank you @BarackObama. #DelusionalTrumps
Thank you PRESIDENT OBAMA for getting the country going in the right direction. In due time, the sexual predator will be destroying the USA
Just wait until your deregulation of Wall St. has the same impact as it did in 2008. We're in for a roller coaster ride thanks to you!
#MAGA
American Economy was ALREADY improving before you. #MRGA Make Russia Great Again #2RussiaWithTrumpLove
Thank you Donald Trump my 401k looks good! Been along time since it gained .
Again no thanks to you @runningonObama
Thanks Obama
Yeah. All because of you. Right.
So also to see market is doing so well & job markets are growing too @potus @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MASA #TrumpTrain #DTS #LockHerUp
Still riding on Obama's success, orange you.
@marshallw1 
What is your opinion of repealing the #ACA?
Mkt is also in sync with the statesmanship of POTUS in France, Poland, UN,NATO,SEATO, etc! "Friends R w~ us. Othrs will be!
Those numbers were inherited from Obama. Don't take credit for them.
Best POTUS ever!!
Resign
You are making your citizens very rich.
Hey #trumpcrimefamily Don't drop the soap where you all are going!#TreasonMeeting
Stay strong!!!!.....Tell Rand Paul to wake up!!!
No thanks to you
How's the strength of the US dollar?
#Winning #MyPresident #MAGA 
You are the great manipulator. I'm thinking Hitler would be in awe of you
Thank you Obama!!
Keep up the good work mr president MAGA
Thanks Obama
Interesting.. cause any of my American investments have gone down. So.. there is fantasy and reality. Check your investments ppl...
Thanks Mr. President! Just stay focus and prayful! 1Peter 5:10
No, you're high.
Opening at 21,410.17, the DJIA dipped to 21,279.30, erasing earlier gains made throughout the day.’

"After 10 months, Trade Deal secured by Obama in September means U.S. beef hits Chinese market. It's an exciting opportunity. Thanks Obama!" https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/885232527656538113 …
So if you are taking credit for a good stock market, will you take credit when the stock market crashes!
Growth of stock market lower than Obama
Good job Mr President, If God is with you who can be against you. Ignore the idiots on the left. M.A.G.A
God bless you so much Mr. Trump great president
But dont forget grandstand 
interest rates are also up
