Sir Donald, may I have a $20 THOUSAND dollar loan please?
The #G20Summit was a wonderful success and carried out beautifully by Chancellor Angela Merkel. Thank you!...

She would kick u in the balls if given the opportunity and so would I.
Don't trust Merkel, she's just another Global Elitist Leftwinger pushing for control over the world. NOT A FRIEND OF AMERICA, unless you BOW
Lol. You don't know anything about politics or what you spew from your echo chamber.
You're a bonehead
@thepainterflynn i'm josef from tanzania i want to join xo as to work in your company in us
She despises you.
You embarrassed our Nation. Please quit so our democrats can make America better for our citizens. Lying DJT! Redneck's President! #loser!
Ewwww.  But did you actually shake her hand and stuff?  No telling where she's bleeding from or what...ewwwwwww
What a joker, you are. You could cut the distain of you, by all, with  a knife.
How nice of you to thank the leader of the free world! As a stand in mbr of g20, shouldn't your daughter thank her too?
No one cares
Impeach Trump 2017
Jesus/God\Trump/Pence\
Yeah while everyone pretty much dismissed you.. oh but you were so busy chatting up your bff Putin.
HOW VERY DIPLOMATIC! GOD BLESS YOU!
Keep up the good work. I know it's hard to regain world respect after the previous 8 years of US leadership.
In your own mind.
I'm friend forever Donald Trump and Running back to him Jesus Christ Love you too Jesus Christ save you from sin world
Glad to see you actually shake her hand. I loved the surprise on her face!
WHEN YOU ARE GOING TO PUT IN JAIL TO ALL THIS TRAITORS LIKE HILLARY OBAMA. HUMA.ANTHINY SOROS COMEY AND THE OTHERS?
@VoteTrumpPics

It was sooooolonely for you though LOSER!!!!!
משטטף ב צערכעה
You say you are going to put in jail hillary and ??? WHERE IS THE JUSTICE.. DO YOU CLEAN THE SWAMP. ? FIRED ALL OBAMA PEOPLE THERE CORRECT?
She's a traitor to Europe,I thought you were the modern day saviour,but with views like that I doubt you are
Jangan pernah kata lelah
No you were an embarrassment to this country, what a shit show.
You are a monster....
Great to hear. Sarah calling at the wknd, she'd love to see you if you're around? Know you're busy but you could just pop by? No pressure.
Here you go again using silly words #beautiful
I am so happy that you are the president of the USA. thank you for all that you are doing and trying to do. God bless you $ ur lovely family
Fox Business just reported Floyd Mayweather is worth $400m and owes $22M in taxes. How can this happen?   Can the middle class do this too?
you replace obama care because people still going get drug from restooms in america and bathrooms
The G-spot Summit was wonderful and grabbing pussy was beautiful
Trump work for America n Modi work for india
Modi will MODIfy the INDIA
!!!!
@Reince45 Thank goodness that AngelaMerkel is the leader of the free world.
You have lost your mind!!
Angela Merkel and the world sees you as a baffoon.She understands her people needs and culture. YOU DO NOT..giving your seat to IT provesit
I don't care for Merkel she is power mad at the expense of her country
You are very nice to a very evil woman. She would cut your throat if she could get away with it
God bless u sir
Yes she did a great job,you could learn something from her. Oh no, you know more about everything more than anyone right?
She hates you almost as much as Melania does.
Actually, it was the #G19. They did tell you about that right? #HesSenileToo
Angela Merkel, the woman who's  hand you refused to shake?
Go Team Trump
Repeal the ELD mandate #operationblackandblue
Always trusting in your adm. But why have u not stopped this Russia nonsense?
Yup a woman who has more balls than you do.
You mean G19 plus America falling into an abyss under Trump.
ANGALA MERKEL------ NO TRUST
She thinks you are a joke. And you are, a bad joke.
don't trust MERKEL she has opened her borders and should have closed her 
borders
He's always a gracious guest

And carry a BIG STICK
Just remember the swamp you want to drain is full of dangerous and EVIL PEOPLE. They will do you harm if they can. Trust in the LORD !
I agree, America needs to thank you and your son  Don Jr. for caring and ALL the hard work you have put into making America great again.
Thank u,H.E Trump for your appreciation

@realDonaldTrump What a joke this bloke is:
https://uk.yahoo.com/news/donald-trump-sued-blocking-people-twitter-092100082.html …
Thanks so much for the good things you are trying to do for our country
they r all laughing at u donnie
You were left alone in a corner. It was great because you werent involved 
That's because she's got enough common sense and integrity to make up for your lack of any at all.
I personally don't like #AngelaMerkel I think she has Destroyed #Germany #IslamIsTheProblem STOP #Globalism NO #OpenBorders #MEGA
And as usual you completely and utterly embarrass the entire United States.  Time to resign don't you think?  go bye-bye.
The same chancellor who hates you
What a moron?!
YOU were the laughingstock/outcast of the #G20Summit.  What an embarrassment!
Dear God @realDonaldTrump get rid of Priebus he is stabbing you so bad in back!
If u use the word 'beautiful' in the same paragraph along with a woman's names u have 2 b sexist, right?
You were played...no one in Europe likes you!
Thank you Mr. President but Angela Merkel is the EU eqevelant to Hilary.. don't drop your left when sparring and watch your 6. #maga
My Merkel don't like you and she likes everyone
In terms of Ur ability to isolate US and convince other developed countries to advance without us - Bravo! U handled that goal like a pro.
Thank her PERSONALLY!
#FakePresident IS A YUGE #NothingBurger
everyone else said it was crap because you ere there. Go figure.
@POTUS
All that talk, yet not a word about the #LGBTQ People of #Chechnya #MurderedForBeingDifferent!  #TheWholeWorldIsWatchingYou
U r the fake news &  a fake president
Noticed they pushed you out to the side!! Obviously  Merkel and the other world leaders see you as a JOKE.which you are. Putin put u into
What success? We're b you actually there at the real summit?
As every other world leader made it their business to avoid the ass clown POTUS
You were a disaster & embarrassment at the G20. Our global leadership is being eroded by you & your administration. Very sad. #ImpeachTrump
Yes, certainly nothing good was carried out by you;You have destroyed Americas place in the world. Played by bully thug putin,he ran meeting
You was the only one who wasn't there
You're so fanned 2 faced
She did a wonderful job and you looked like an outcast.
Merkel needs to send about 2 million 'invaders' BACK to Africa - we need to do the same. They're coming across our southern border. NOT GOOD
What reality are you in.  The G19 passed trtade deals and diplomatic actions that did NOT involve your self promotion.  YOU FAILED
sorry you didn't make it. They called it G19 cause no us leader with a brain showed up just a old guy walking talking 
She is the leader of the free world and behaves like it.
Too bad she doesn't agree.  SAD!
The only fax news comes out of Trump's mouth our babe in chief who lies constantly!!   
THE story in America today is that Pres @POTUS + @VP without a doubt KNEW his team met with a Kremlin agent in June 2016 and LIED about it.

.@Reince enters Four Seasons shortly before Trump. Flashes thumbs up at cameras. 
Even though you left before it was finished. Nice.
Mr. President it was success for the other 19 countries, but not for USA thanks to you.
Mr. Trump give everybody health insurance for $10 a week taxes dump those insurance companies
My visionary and enviable leader... Americans are lucky to have u on board.. Ride.. On... #freeBiafra
A great success like your other meetings you been to like Paris? England? Your meetings are not as successful you think
"Europe can no longer rely on the U.S." SAD.
@POTUS Footage of you disoriented &shuffling around looking for your seat is the only thing of note you did at G20. Sad
She still detests you.
. Sometimes you gotta read between the lines. You know what our President actually thinks about Merkel. #WinningBigly 
Oh I know I say what he can't say
. ((( hugs ))) ty #WinningBigly
Way to go, President!
Success where in that no thinking brain of yours. Start thinking about a gold chastity belt your going to need it in jail
Canada must be recognized as an ENEMY of America, rewarding a terrorist that killed an American.  Call them what they are, ENEMIES!
One word for my President, CHAMPION!!! You are a CHAMPION! 
I couldn't be more proud! 

California Upholds ‘Right’ For Pedophiles To Marry 10 Year Old Kids. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7OcjM3afbZg … 
JAYSUS,,is there something in the water that makes some of these Californios totally nuts??
And you ceded leadership of the free world. Traitor.
Great job Mr President!
It's the G19 summit!  You pulled us out of the G20, with your Paris Accord fiasco!
Trump praises the leader of the free world.
It was the #G19Summit .. You were not recognized as a world leader.
Why let Ivanka sit in with world leaders. She degins purses for God's sake. Give us back OUR country, you twit.
Meant designs.
Bravo
You really are a clown. Nobody at this meet wants to know you. Your to mentally unstable to be president or even be alone in the house
People are saying #AngelaMerkel is #LeaderOfTheFreeWorld! 

There are those of us who think she is LEADER OF THE #FourthReich aka the #EU!
A.Merkel - I wish she would retire !
Why are you saying "Thank you"? 

Your ineptness turned the #G20 into the #G19.
You should learn from her; that's some good leadership; she actually has the balls to stand up to Russia unlike you; seriously...
Did you grab her by the puz?
You sucked. You read something you don't believe in and it was obvious you have zero class and r totally incompetent. Sad!
You know she can't stand you, right??
She can't stand you like alot of Americans and world leaders
Yes she knows how to run a country unlike you but aren't you the one who said that a woman didn't have the stamina to do this
She's the leader of the free world!  Since about January.

Now you like her your so confused
How come the rest of the democratic world doesn't think America is so great since you became president? You were sidelined. Embarrassing.
Really? This is how the world sees you as @POTUS & how you are making a JOKE out of our beloved USA. SAD & SHAMEFUL!
Is that why they're calling it G19?
Oh you decided to shake a powerful woman's hand finally?????
The world thinks ur nuts you have done nothing but create drama when are you going to do ur job?
Finally you are being nice to her after being so disrespectful to her when you first met. Acting like a petulant child.
Every day I'm grateful to have President Trump behind the wheel. It was a long eight years. #MAGA 
They're calling it the G19 now because you left without any significant agreements for the US. Sad.
You #naive #stupid #foolish #insane #putinspowerbottom
I know: Resign!
Do something totally unexpected and make Equal protection for All United States Citizens in this new medicare act....Honor All U.S Treaties
Its time you take a break!
I could'nt have been prouder of you & 1st Lady Melania! I'm  glad you're home!
Thank you
so you didn't bring up the Muslim problem I know you did
You are a great man, and you need to get Congress going. Time for mass meeting by YOU. Leadership-the Art of the Deal-get them off their ass
I don't trust Merkel & you shouldn't either. Look what she's allowing to happen to her country.
BTW...thank u great job ur doing for us!
