#resign
it takes 110 gallons of water to make a quarter pound hamburger patty - actually more if you clean up
Indeed, watching @Cowspiracy will back this up.
last year the deficit was over 350 billion I think - so if everyone in china eats
two Big Macs every day - it might be meaningful
They didn't mean to disrespect the worker.
The point is to open the door to such trade.
"After 14 years, U.S. beef hits Chinese market. Trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture." https://t.co/gDGgej...
You're not sending them your unsold Trump steaks, are you?
This is such good news thank you so unfair to our Country that the media does not talk about this and other great things you are doing .
I'm so happy your retroactive support of Obama is on display
Yeah, that was a great deal Obama set up ! Now, let's get back to how your son colluded w/Russian govt lawyer to interfere in  election!
Thanks @BarackObama !!
YOU ARE HELPING THE US LIKE NO OTHER PRESIDENT BEFORE. THANK YOU MR. TRUMP!
THE MEDIA CAN LIE ALL THEY WANT BUT THE FACTS ARE WHAT MATTER. AND YOU ARE DOING GREAT FOR AMERICA

THE LIES CNN ARE SPREADING ARE NOT ONLY BAD BUT ALSO UNSAFE FOR OUR COUNTRY AS A WHOLE
MR. TRUMP HAS BROUGHT BACK HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF JOBS TO THE US IN JUST A COUPLE MONTHS!
THANK YOU MR. TRUMP! #MAGA
Do you still watch mainstream media despite them being exposed over and over again for lying?
THANK YOU FOR YOUR HARD WORK SO FAR, MR. PRESIDENT! 
RESIGN!!! You treasonous fraction of a man!!!
#USA
How about you stop telling us the news and start participating in it. Your job is not Town Crier. It is President. #GetToWork
What's your cut???
Better than dogs
Stop... Just stop Donnie... You're still going to PRISON.
Sounds like a nothing burger to me.
As someone that doesn't own a farm or have anything to do with beef I don't care
After 14 Years You Will Still be withering away in Federal Prison!!
I CONCUR 1000%
I thought they eat cat? #meowwww
So higher beef prices now? How awesome
So this isn't fake news right???
Really, no one cares what you say anymore #Treasonweasel
Thanks, Obama!  https://www.usda.gov/media/press-releases/2016/09/22/china-moves-reopen-market-us-beef …


Talking about China will not make us forget Russia.
3 Years, 6 Months, 7 Days, 20 Hours, 39 Minutes, and 4 Seconds
Dream On
After 14 years, E. Coli hits Chinese market.
Will they make #nothingburgers now?
Thank you @realDonaldTrump for making sure our beef made it to #china.  Now if you could stop giving us the tube steak we'd be grateful.
MAKE AMERICAN FARMS GREAT AGAIN!
Obama acted as if Farmers didn't exist and turned 40% our corn into ethanol
Keep up the great work President Trump! American Farmers and Ranchers appreciate this move #MAGA
While the #FakeNews #MSM whines all day long about Russia, you're strengthening our economy
http://www.valuewalk.com/2017/03/jacob-wohl-2/ …

A tweet about beef! This is amazing! Almost made me forget about the Don Jr emails!
Believe it or not most of America just wants USA to succeed and doesn't want 24 7 russia coverage. We want low taxes and jobs.
And, I'm pretty sure China just wanted to avoid BSE ;-)
WTX? 台灣幹
#WatergateWithRussianDressing 
#WhoVettedMelania??
Dear president, money is not everything.
Your timing is way off even for a senile crapadoo like you
Right on! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!
Worst president in history. Total failure. Sad!
Then my suggestion to you is go somewhere else
How does THAT solve the problem of the US having the WORST president in history?
This is only because President Obama lifted a ban - why are you taking credit for it?
Because he has done nothing himself.
CONGRATS ... @BarackObama 
Donnie, stop taking credit for stuff you didn't do (again) .. tsk tsk
How desperate is this? Kind of shit you do when you know the axe is going to fall. #TrumpRussiaCollusionConfirmed #ImpeachTrumpNow
But you didn't broker this trade deal. I'm confused about what you're promoting here must be promoting Obama's legacy
Thank you Obama!! He's the one that got the ball rolling. ... of course you take the credit! Idiot
#douchebag
Speaking of beef, what about his emails?
We don't speak of emails here! This is the beef thread, thx.
What about beefmails? Or beefy males? 

Or how about cows sending emails?
Fake moos!
LOL
this is what you're tweeting after your son and son in law got busted? lmao
Agriculture is the only thing going decent for this administration. Everything else is corny 
CORNY OF COURSE ITS CORNY!
CCCHHHYYYYNNNNAAAA!
VACHYNA
CCCYKKKAAAAA!
I'm proud USA is open for business again. You have brought back our dignity as world leader! Thank you, Mr. President! #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Deal was done by Obama.
#Fakenews
Mhm?

http://www.cnbc.com/2016/09/22/china-to-reopen-beef-market-to-american-producers-after-13-years.html …

https://www.usda.gov/media/press-releases/2016/09/22/china-moves-reopen-market-us-beef …

http://time.com/4505507/china-us-beef-meat-food-imports/ …

Whatever you say, friend.
Ohp, that first link's actually a duplicate. My blunder. Here's another one to replace it.
This all was found by simply googling "2016 beef china obama".

A cursory fact check confirmed that yes, indeed, this is an Obama victory.
#SearchByGoogle, everyone. The world is your oyster, and all the information is at your fingertips.

Use it.
Chinese market haven’t been ironed out yet.
This was organized by Obama last year… #ThanksObama
https://www.usda.gov/media/press-releases/2016/09/22/china-moves-reopen-market-us-beef …
Another article on the deal Obama made with China that you're trying to take credit for:
Well I see the peanut gallery has reduced themselves to attack everyone cuz that's all they got.. Blah Blah meanwhile Were MAGA 
Nice strawman argument. Maybe you could try a valid syllogism next.
 I see someone got up on the wrong side of the bed this morning.. 
Nope. I'm in a wonderful mood. I just know a fallacious argument when I see one ;)
Also your response was just another non sequitur. Let's see if we can go for 3 in a row.
Awe you're one of those types that just has an incredible awesome life.. That it manifests into sarcasm, hate,  and Boredom..I'LL Respond 
Since you pulled the United States out of the Paris Climate Agreement... 

Will you take credit for the iceberg in the Antarctica?
Is this how you will solve Flint Michigan's water crisis? You are sending them an iceberg?
Is this how you will solve California's drought problem? You plan on putting the state under water?
Maybe you just hate ice & could careless. Only losers freeze up? You only like places that don't freeze, like Mar a Largo.
Climate change is REAL!
Why is US the only country accused of destroying the climate!?  Have ya look at Japan, China where they have to wear masks 24/7. #getalife
They joined the Paris Accord, didn't they?
China isn't slated to change or invest much of anything till 2030 I don't believe. Need to reread it (note to self). Have you read it Jen?
Your name should be the trumpster
Thank you, President Obama, for laying the ground work for the importation of beef to China, lifting the ban, & negotiating w/out trash talk
Starting the process of exporting beef to China is more important than just laying the ground work.
you are playing American civilians lives as proved. What are you going to do as a president?
Let's keep winning.
has nothing to do with you it was in the works long before you because #45
Thank you President @BarackObama for signing the legislation two years ago to make this a reality.
I thought you hated china? #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment #25thThe45th #NotMyPresident
R they Trump Steaks?
That is exciting!

Should raise the price of beef for US customers even higher.
That's nasty!! That meat has to be spoiled by the time it gets there!! 

"After 10 months, Trade Deal secured by Obama in September means U.S. beef hits Chinese market. It's an exciting opportunity. Thanks Obama!" https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/885232527656538113 …
Thanks, Obama!
they don't need out beef. they need to stop eating dog.
I would expect beef exports to go up. Show the proof. They are not up. Get with it. Don't window dress us.
Great job President Buffafuoco!
This is absolutely a nightmare
You might be right, but I don't see it that way. I'm open to criticism of expanded beef trade. What's your main point/reason?
Murder &rape of our fellow beings murder &rape of our Mother Earth resource depletion and global warming destruction of rain forests etc.
It's moral treason to equate McDonald's with the coercion of innocent humans by a police state. Sub-optimality is subjective, evil isn't.
I'm vegan and consider the rape and abuse and child stealing of the brothers & sisters they will exploit goes against every fiber of my bein
Coercively opposing a voluntarily-associating business when there are coercive government agencies is weak prioritization, weak morality
Please stop using my tax dollars to subsidize the meat & dairy industries, subsidize the fruit & veggie industries to #MakeAmericaWellAgain

I hope we send them those trump steaks
Due to the Chinese government failure to release interest in its military occupied artificial reel. I choose to not buy and support chinese
You and all involved in this industry, are mentally ill and need to seek professional help.

Now if you could just NOT allow import of Chinese chicken- our USDA is disgusting
The only problem with that is we are feeding to much of the planet and not our own people first.
That depends on what "our people" are willing to eat. We have the largest food surplus in the world. We use most of it for energy.
You are so correct on that statement.
Good going D.J.  Another victory.
HEY TRUMP, YOU SHOULD CALL BARACK OBAMA AND THANK HIM FOR RENEGOTIATING BEEF EXPORTS WITH THE CHINESE.
or...he can take credit for it-knowing most will know it is false but his followers will cheer him.Welcome to the lying age.
yeah and now we will be eating chicken filled with lead in return! Nice deal, there, donny! Making America Great Again! NOT
Why are the guys in the pic lumping trucks in suites?
Probably won't win you many votes in Texas.
Sir, you are truly doing a fantastic job.
And don't even talk about the clintons when they was in office that was the biggest fucking joke ever
Is this why the USDA animal cruelty data was deleted from the website?
Thank you President Donald Trump for Making America Great Again

Winning - MAGA President Trump!

Thank you @BarackObama you did more for America than any President in modern American history! @POTUS44 you & your family!
Hallelujah! Great for America!#MAGA!
Thank you for let us know. Fake Media really doesn't cover anything. Thank you for fighting for us.
With domestic beef prices already at all time highs - the additional demand should really help out American families.
I'd argue the prices aren't due to excess demand, but rather rapidly rising input costs. Grains, upkeep, land, transport.
briefing room knows when I was w/d early '90's Reynolds campaign? @lynnsweet knows I was not only a political STUD w/that campaign but it ws
Yeah, Thanks Obama!!!!!!
Chinese market much needed because many European nations won't accept US beef as being of such doubtful quality, below their standards.
Beef is horrible food.
Nt food , 
eating beef is equal to cannibalism
#ThanksObama!
Somehow they'll end up making all the money and we won't we will lose jobs

When was the last time you had a piece of beef in your mouth oh that's right when you were down on your knees with Putin.
Idiot!
Awesome the Mad Cow Disease scare of 2003 was finally overcome by the Chinese. Strict new cattle breeding regulations sealed the deal.
Great to have been able to conclude negotiations started last year.
Go Trump!
Thanks to a real president!  Thank you President Obama!  Trump is taking credit for your wonderful service to our country.
about 2 start? So I see ur @PressSec will have d @WhiteHouse briefing 2 start my @BrookeBCNN"s show & @lynnsweet whom works n d @WhiteHouse
You realize Obama negotiated that deal in September right?
Yeah, tell them if they don't deal with North Korea, it might come irradiated.
Thanks and in return we are importing bird flu infected chickens. Bon Appetite!
Things are definitely looking up! Awesome!
I can hardly wait to try those tainted Chinese chickens thanks Don
Thank you for breaking the 14 year tend.  I highly value the trade deals you have implimented.
Thanks Obama.
@realDonaldTrump knows nothing about agriculture but he knows plenty about bullshit
Nice
Thanks Obama
Another Obama. Try again! Sure you will find something you can hang your hat on. But not today I guess.
Exciting opportunity for the methane gas industry as well
Great, now we will get double the cow farts in America
How about you ban dog food coming from China to USA as it's killed people's pets here?
Ummmm,,,, this deal was made by Pres Obama's WH. Stop taking credit for his good deeds.
Beef here in Massachusetts is from Canada &Australia..& some from USA all to expensive for us on SS.
Would rather keep it here. I don't want meat from foreign countries. We have high standards
But they are shipping cooked chicken here, and fruit cups and drinks like Capri Sun. Why?
I thought you wanted jobs in America, so why do we get so much food from China instead of manufacturing here?
You're now selling old meat?
Forgive me I really don't know how to tweet mr. president
Thank you so much our almighty emperor
Hope it's not Trump steak
How much are you personally making off this????
This is the type of real news that is MAGA.   Avoid the distractions and continue to make good deals for Americans
Sounds like Wal-Mart meat.
U.S. first!!  Thank you, President Trump!!!
Stop the BS. All of this false self aggrandizement isn't going to make ur landing back in the U.S. any softer. Time to face the music Cheeto
#loser
Make sure our beef Ind. doesn't pull any dirty tricks with the beef again.  Our word should be our bond.
You literally had NOTHING to do w this it was Obamas
#Thank you Obama

Wish you'd give credit where credit is due @POTUS.  Ban was lifted under Obama.
FAKE MEAT!!
Not so exciting for American consumers
 inform the public through advertising that this will damage the economy putting workers out of jobs
The guy who owns this is a billionaire
THIS IS GOOD CAUSE WHEN CHINESE GET AMERICAN BEEF THEY WILL WANT MORE AND HELP CUT TRADE DEFICITE
Nice to see you get rid of your Trump beef
President Trump has done more in six months than Obama did in eight years - the media and dems are hysterical
Fantastic! 
Yummy cheese!
Geez, now you can unload those inedible horsemeat steaks you've been trying to sell for years. Ketchup doesn't mask that dead pony flavor.
President Obama negotiated this deal last year... once again, you show lying as your go to tool! http://money.cnn.com/2016/09/22/news/china-us-beef-imports/index.html …

this farmer thanks you President Trump
Obama brokered the deal, not Trump.
Thanks Obama!
Now China can suffer obesity and heart attacks along with Americans. Yeh! We'll share.
Thanks Obama!!!
Im pretty sure dog meat will be mixed in
Good for ag, bad for consumers. Prices rise as demand increases. Happened here to local lobster; was $6.99/lb. Now $7.99+ after China.
It is the best beef in the world except a tiny percentage of Kobe beef.
Maybe they will stop eating dog now!
