that calling the kettle black. You do the same omg u truly are insane.
please do not give up your twitter. those who dont like it can unfollow!
Yup - totally the guy I'd trust to separate fact from fiction. Heh... #SteveHolt!


Dear USA ' president, God be with you all your time, your are, we need believe in you. Regards.
Now 20 Million followers strong!

You just keep doing what your doing Mr. President.
yes they fucking up the social pages 
not all media is dishonest,you're paranoid
Per governare bene usa
Separare
Tre cose
Economia....da
I've always admired you Mr. Trump God bless you
Mr trumplethinskin.   You are the dishonest one. You criticize everything that contradicts you propaganda.
I totally agree. Pleased keep tweeting and standing up to assaults.
@realDonaldTrump keep tweeting. It is the only way the deplorable's can get the truth. Keep them coming.
hey Donald,
Ringling Bros circus is being replaced by your team?
Mr. Holt: Twitter is a social media website, not a Presidential News Conference. Transparency? Oh, lawd.
...may be time for Trump TV.....
Love you Mr. President. God bless you with wisdom and strength as you deal with rhe enemies of the people
you wouldn't know honesty if it hit you right in the face lies only cone out of your mouth each time it open
All he does it RT you. That makes him extremely dishonest by default.
truly you'v really hit hard on the foundation of all falsehood which is the media. If u can put a stop to it it will be ok
Comedians all over the world appreciate your use of Twitter.  Great material.  Honestly
AGREED.
Keep tweeting Mr. Trump! It's a simple way to communicate directly to the people!
Just because you keep touting the same lies "truthful hyperbole" over and over does not make them true!
#MAGA #endOBAMA
#realAmericans
#DNChasFALLEN
#endGLOBALIZATION
#UNEXIT
#draintheswamp
#TRUMPTRAIN
I appreciate your use of social media for yelling at actors for no reason.
The media is the only thing we have to keep you honest, liar.
These lies:
Of course you don't.
@lgmaterna @levisteveholt the media is completely unbelievable no legs left to stand on bias hypocritical non truth MAGA 
thank you all for the retweet truth will help us in the million dollar campaign against POTUS
MAGA
.@realDonaldTrump If there was One Thing Pointing to us living in a simulation,  Rise of Trump is it! Whoever wrote the script is hilarious
all he does is lie. And people get on my nerves saying CNN lied. Yea right
whenever they say that I ask them to point out a single lie on CNN. They can't.
it's the news I will believe the news
but if you believe the actual news you'll never learn how we faked the moon landing
ooooook
it was a joke. I hope you continue to defend news organisations from unfair slander.
I knew you were lol. When I read it I had to laugh
you are a very dishonest person...admit it...or lie about it.
Martín who? Nevermind - you are Martín on one of your fake fan accounts 
You are dishonest. You just lied. You knew she was talking about Shkreli you hypocrite!
tax returns or GTFO
Triggered Hillary supporter crying 3 months out ! Get old ever ?
it's not a Hillary thing
they love using the "Hillary excuse" to justify his corruption.
Another Hypocrite yells corruption yet  waving Hillary flags 
I forgot,  trying to make a trump fan understand is like talking to a wall.
You'll pay for that tweet, Jennifer. Get it? Pay? Wall? ;)
lmao.  Maybe that's why they love the wall so much
Check Fox News story that they shelved Potus affair with porn star. Now talk to us about fake news
Never stop tweeting Mr. PRESIDENT. We love you.
.@realDonaldTrump Honey I'm glad you combed the Internet for a nice man in Texas but, you're getting so embattled it's almost undignified.
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/03/new-nokia-3310-is-useless-in-many.html …
Obama's Leakers
OBAMA DEFENSE DEPUTY EVELYN FARKAS "YES WE SPIED ON TRUMP"! #GOP #MAGA #Trump #ObamaGate 
 fake tweets
The press is a MUST.  We can't believe in DJT, he has no room to talk!!!!!!
The media is something else stay focused on God  and he will take care of the rest







Yeah, we would love that, too, Donald.  Please release them.
Every time my friends in the media say @realDonaldTrump should stop tweeting I laugh, they don't get it.
For the same reason FDR had Fireside Chats,@realDonaldTrump should tweet. Tweeting is the 21st century way to speak directly to the  ppl.
We love @realDonaldTrump because he speaks directly to us.
I believe that @realDonaldTrump will go down in History as the best communicator of all of our Presidents.
Most media stinks but there are a few that don't. We will listen to u for truth
me too.
Happy Birthday President Trump
@KellyannePolls See? Even your dictator's followers know that he uses Twitter to pass on (mis)information. Wake up and #Covfefe already!
Dear @realDonaldTrump: I never gossip. Except to save a soul. (Or a conversation.) But this explains ALL your tweets, dear.  Praying 4U!
@frannie1225 @realDonaldTrump He bought this one on a new release sale:
@Veteran4Trump @levisteveholt Libs so desperate to hurt POTUS they've hired Twitter trolls. KEEP TWEETING, block trolls.
Go away already
@Veteran4Trump @levisteveholt MAGA tweet to expose the  Truth, Justice, & the American way!
@Veteran4Trump @levisteveholt WLM JUST AS MUCH AS BLM
Delete. Your. Account.
If you don't like @realDonaldTrump tweets, don't read it.  It's really quite simple and more respectful.
I don't respect #ComradeTrump or his cabinet of idiots, I can barely respect his voters... #facts
Mutual
You are a lunatic.
another verified trump hater
hey @EvanDickson
hahaha
So how will you leftists deal with Trump's inauguration? Snark? Crying? Alcohol?
I’ll be relaxing with my thoughts while you read fake news.
u mean mainstream media?  I refuse to watch
Maintain transparency? Did I wake up in the frickin Twilight Zone? @realDonaldTrump We ALL KNOW you prefer Twitter bc news won't let you LIE
The media isn't dishonest @realDonaldTrump, YOU are. We know what you're doing—Step 1, poison public trust of media. Step 2, Push propaganda
haven't seen  hate that BLM spuwes out. Sorry obama didnt make life better. He was never on americas side
@Veteran4Trump @levisteveholt I don't listen to MSM period
what are you saying here? one guy likes your tweets and the media is ergo dishonest? huh?
your skull is transparent. Nothing in there.
Hey Dump! All u do is lie. 
why do you say they are dishonest,you should like them,dishonesty is your biggest thing.
"transparency" like having your tax returns made public? You have no meaningful opinion on transparency sir
Please don't forget about Seniors.

They are pathetic.
well if anyone knows dishonesty and deceit, it's you.
AMAZING HOW TRUMP WILL ONLY POST HIS VERY VERY FEW COMPLIMENTS  ILLEGIT ELECTION FROM CRIMINAL HACK IMPEACH

yes
They are getting so marginalized it's great! Keep it up.
the news is the big lier here,you all wouldn't know the truth if it hit you in the face
I love that you use Twitter! Go over or around dishonest MSM every chance you get! #MAGA!  #DTS! I Trust U!
keep using Twitter Mr. President. I always look forward to what you're going to be saying
I will believe your transparency when you release your tax returns. 

#Fraud #NeverTrump #Illegitimate
donald trump is a thief and a con man
@RichardTBurnett @levisteveholt So excited about tomorrow. Praying for your safety. Peace to you and your family!
I completely second that notion and look forward to your continued tweets throughout your Presidency
@deplorablelori @levisteveholt Great clarification to Ainsley's question abt Twitter. The MSM has to be squirming. Love it.
there is no transparency, it's all your spin or it's fake news
#PutinPuppet
illegitimate president
It is not transparency when you are not answering questions from the press. Nice spin but bullshit as always
no one more dishonest than you, Grand Cheeto!
the only time you think the media is righed is when they tell the truth about you
I agree. He's tweeting so we get the real story and not some CNN fabrication
It is so nice to be able to actually communicate with our New President Trump
Transparency. lololololololololololololol What else you trying to sell today?
WRONG.

If you are transparent then, WHERE are your TAXES? #hypocrit! #illegitimatepresident #NEVERmypresident
Fake tweet !
140 characters about your grudge du jour is not transparent. Have a press conference. Answer ALL questions.
yes and Putin appreciates it too!
So true
It's true. We all appreciate it. It helps from coming across as "untouchable".
don't talk about dishonesty until you can be honest. Just try it one time, Donald! Apologize for all your lies!!
very Dishonest Donald
We need tweets Right from the horses mouth I think rallies will e a great way to reach the ppl Just like in the campaign
Yeah maintain transparency of what a douchebag he is.
you are the dishonest one here. Repeating lies does not make them true. @levisteveholt
Thanks  Elected PresidentTrump for keep OBJECTIVELY inform citizens interested in STABILITY&PEACE not chaos.
can I have a small lown of a million dollars?
You would know how to be honest you call anyone who tells the truth on you fake yet you and your pal Putin are the fathers of fake news
how transparent are those tax returns???? Get over yourself
Very dishonest Fake President!
@shaneski @levisteveholt
I cant believe what is,going on it is,pathetic of these,racist democrats
You have been proven to have lied more than any dozen of the lyingist politicians ever.
@Al_Baldasaro @levisteveholt Nice to see that Obama, who doesn't BUY followers, has 60MIL more than "ratings machine DJT".
I wish  trump was truthful, be transparent. He is a spoiled kid who never had consequences for his behavior
you are the one who is dishonest
speaking of maintaining transparency, why not tweet your tax returns? That would be great!
the only person who lies more than the press is you @realDonaldTrump -- and Putin- Twitter Trumpaganda. BS
Bring back the mental institutions!
I wish someone would throw your electronic devices in the reflecting pool that is on the National Mall.
Many inquire as to your awareness of divisions he's creating? DT should refrain from speaking &  Tweeting!
Obama's commutation violated the oth of office
# Draining the swamp working now 50 congressman not going to see Trump take over on Friday
Don't get caught up in lies & bullying.CNN proved they were right & so did reporter. Wrong of Tump to lie.
totally agree !
The media didn't lie about the 3 million votes that you lost the popular vote by.
you mean the 3 million non american voters?
That would mean you voted
Lugenpresse! Lugenpresse! Your authoritarianism is showing.
lol.Transparency? Lol!!
You're right nothing informative here. Just spite and whining.
Mr Trump the people of the world r crouting on u to protect us dont let them keep u down r the right man for the job
STRONGLY agree! Trump is very effective with Twitter.  No reason to stop now!
#DeleteYourAccount
we the PEOPLE stand & support @realDonaldTrump & @transition2017 & Trump but NOT #fakenews #crookedmedia @CNN @MSNBC @CNBC!
just make sure we can continue doing that, because obama trying to stop it by selling rights somewhere else
I appreciate your tweets please keep on doing them. 
u r an asshole.
Are we forgetting every lie Donald told and then backtracked from once the media called him out?
cause foreign policy can be set in 140 characters.
I like it when you get on Twitter and just make shit up. Fun!
Thank you, Looking forward to a Great 8 years with you.
You keeping the People informed and including us makes us One! Thank you TRUMP!!!
you, me trump are the one who is dishonest.
Very dishonest Trump e.g. Conflating the CNN report with Buzz Feed just to avoid the press asking difficult questions
WHAT ELSE CAN YOU DO?
The media reports exactly what DJT says.They should wait for Conway to interpret what he really meant.
Say a lie enough and people begin to believe it is true. Kind of like most things you say
Seriously? this guy uses twitter to remain "informed"? And you can't maintain transparency via twitter!!
Your the dishonest one trump. That little SNL skit was on point.
: @realDonaldTrump I dont appreciate your use of Twitter to keep us uninformed by your transparent lies." Very dishonest!
Hitler had he's own news paper too. His supporters thought it was very informative too. Idoits SMH
Mr President Elect Trump l know l have asked many times but please can my family and l attend yr special day
ur the reason I still tweet
I appreciate your persistence in using Twitter..I like getting the strait shoot from you at all hours. Thank you.
#faketweet
Wrong!  You spew hate. Get off of Twitter.
But you don't really say anything. And it keeps you from having to face real questions.
You are VERY DISHONEST!
YES Mr. PRESIDENT WE DO APPRECIATE IT KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK WE THE PEOPLE ARE BEHIND YOU #AMERICANISM
#resisttrumptuesday
are you talking to yourself? you are anything but transparent. you are the dishonest one.
with Bannon on your staff you should be an expert on dishonest media. Can't stand the truth.#trumpdementia
President Trump just keep up the good work and tweet us we like what your doing! They don't like the exposure
Hear, hear!! It's the best END-RUN that successfully diffuses the toxocity & mean-spiritedness of "media"!
Unfortunately dishonest Twitter also including Donald.
YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT TRANSPARENCY IS. SHOW YOUR TAX RETURNS. YOU'RE TWEETING YOURSELF DOWN THE TOILET
ConMan As Long As You Are Republican Pres, I'm  Choosing My Leaders as Iran, N. Korea And Syria.  Luv Them!
tq
it is the opposite of transparency
Please get. Zienke out of contention stand on BRAVO SIERRA called climate change is  dung.
I'm not sure about informed Donny, but you do a good job showing us what a buffoon you are.
.@realDonaldTrump 100% WRONG. Tweeting affords you 100% control of the message! THAT'S THE OPPOSITE OF TRANSPARENCY.
