That's one heck of a name. Big mouthful
Mine is Partskhaladze. And we have many more to confuse foreigners! Cheers.
Wow that sounds fun to say once you get the hang of it
only when you get the hang of it. Otherwise it's just "ah fuck it, i can't" 
I tried saying it loud and I just gave up and said "yeah I can't" 
Told ya 
Georgia, on today of all days? What, is he your uber home? Guess he can get you close enough to Putin to catch a ride. Dumbest POTUS ever!
Funny you assumed Georgia's PM can get him closer to Putin. Let me assure you: your leader is much closer to him than Georgia's. :)
My apologies, I only meant catching a ride home w/Georgia PM would get him geographically closer. Unfortunately, I agree w/you about Trump.
I'm so sorry 
I am too. lol
Stay strong. 
Honored to welcome Georgia Prime Minister, Giorgi Kvirikashvili to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Mike Pence.… https://t...
@AChipashvili11 i didnt know a state had a PM...
Let me tell you: there are a lot of other things you don't know....
Come on. You should learn Geography. There is another Republic of Georgia in Europe
When you cant read sarcasm on twitter
 bravo your joke is so original
Your buddy Vladimir invaded his country, you sure you want to piss off Mr. Putin?
Also he seems to have signed a document that says US is not going to support anyone who supports the sovereignty of Abkhazia & South Ossetia
You Trump haters are ten times worse at hate than anything Trump has ever said or done. Do you think anyone believes your bs? TDS.
So, when is your sleepover slumber party with your Boss President Vladimir Putin going to happen? He's waiting for your reach around...
"hello Mr Winstone, I loved you in Sexy Beast"
You sure do love Russians don't you
我总是在晚上蹲到你
Please don't ask him about the Atlanta Braves, it's a different Georgia
DIALOGUE W THE WORLD AND ALL  WINNERS  @POTUS @IvankaTrump
If at some times you feel alone against the corrupt machine know that millions of us have your back.  Praying for your success.
Trump did you know 2 Grand Jury"s have started reviewing evidence to bring Treson charges against you!
Why do YOU hide behind your Dementia?
Rose are red, violets are blue Trump an indictment is waiting on you
Roses are red, violets are blue, the left are asses and so are you.
I can't wait for you to try and say his last name on national TV
Don't hold ur breath. He needs to move to Russia and learn the language since Russia when to Russia
Excellent President Trump !!!
The word is "Georgian" you dunce.
What an awesome leader!! 
Idiot. What would you know about honor?
Hope it went well with him. Your doing a great job for America and it's people #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Matthew 5:9
Blessed are the peacemakers, For they shall be called sons of God.
No one gives a shit about this.  What we fo give a shit about is the treason you committed.  #OrangeIdiot
You look so welcoming. So engaged. So happy to get him the F out of there. You spent 2 seconds with him. Too busy covering you butt
Wow. You are not even going to hide hanging out with Russian allies, are you. #PutinsPuppet #PutinsCockHolster #traitor #crooked
Just saying - I think it should really be "Georgian Prime Minister" or "the Prime Minister of Georgia"...
I bet you are, ask him how the Falcons blew the Super Bowl
You two treasonous bastards (trump&pence) better enjoy cause it's all about to come to a crashing end. 
Remember Yates, Flynn, & RUSSIA!!!
Are you constipated?
Good luck explaining to him why you back the man who invaded his country
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.

You too busy playing golf to meet with him yourself?
Drumph: "I love me my Russians!"
Did you talk to him about how much he trusts Putin? #Putinspuppet
Live look at Donnie this morning:
Me too! Every Monday.
You're worried too that someone's testimony could ruin you? I'm sorry to hear that.
Great response. Kudos.
Our president never smiles so much as when he's entertaining white Russians at the @WhiteHouse.
Another Russian. Why are we not surprised, President Small Hands?
Georgia is not Russia, Georgia was an independent country and it gained independence after russians attack too ... so I guess u should first read and make some research before u tweet or ur tweets will always be this stupid :)))
$100 buckos says you don't know where Georgia is on the map
Nice bottom banner, did you use MS Paint?
Hahahah dammit
Donald Trump... the Comic Sans of Presidents.
Proud of u Pres! The Haters will always hate, no matter what u do. They dominate the feed for 2 reasons.1..joblessness.2..Twitter censorship
You really are an evil fraction of a man. #ImpeachTrumpnow
HILLARY HAS MORE TIES WITH RUSSIA -
Hillary isn't president. So tired of the trump cult bringing her and Obama up as a defense to trumps lies. It's ridiculous
They're just trolls. #WeAreTheResistance

I hope posting a meme is a comfort to you during today's Testimonies on #Trumprussia 
This is what comforts me 
Ok? Lol that has nothing to do with the fact that Trump could very well be impeached for Treason. But ok, stay stuck on Hillary, I guess. 
Way to go
Georgia grand country Vardzia awesome
#HideInPlainSight like that is fooling anyone. @SallyQYates #COMEY really? You're going to let the @FBI ignore this blatant shit?
It's first real volley with all of us locked & loaded
My money's on the tall man in the suit they threw under the bus many times, the pretty, but serious, petite woman and a pissed off NYC ADA.
Yates is quite the impressive woman. Could go as far as she wants
Trumputo lobbed that tweet. There are three who can spike it back. The pissed off NYC ADA has a restricted playground, not the tall man.
Yup- love schneidermans part in this 3 way also.
What did you know? When did you know it?
I couldn't count on a hundred hands how many times we asked the Obummer admin that same question. Quit being hypocrites
Find me one instance of Obama colluding with a hostile foreign power to influence our Democracy. I'll wait...
I guess the Muslim refugees as such. They want Sharia law. That is not democracy. Obama is the one to allow this to happen.
Why does everyone in a picture with you look like they went home and found their wife cheating on them
What's the capital of Georgia and do not say Atlanta !
Republic of Georgia is located in Eastern Europe and Capital is Tbilisi.
You just can't get enough of these soviets can you?
Yeah, can't help but notice that you love standing. Just like some other guys I know...
Really intelligent... Notice how everyone in the audience is white? Obama must be a racist... He was the master demagogue.
Wasn't Stalin a Georgian? Trump possibly still thinks he's alive....

... I wonder if @realDonaldTrump is actually aware of where the nation of Georgia is...
hes been to Georgia, Tbilisi ( capital of country) so google before u tweet hun ;))
The largest leopard subspecies in Georgia, the Persian leopard, is endangered with a population of less than 1,000 #SciJack
I can see how this relates to US politics...
Is that . . . sarcasm?
Just seems kind of weird to post something about Georgian leopards on a Trump pic with Georgian politician? Or is it to get followers?
Adam has a sense of humour Niki.  But your response was even funnier :)
"Why doesn't Georgia have a governor like every other state?"

Likelihood this was asked in the White House in the past 12 hrs: 90%.

Republic of Georgia
Yes, I know that, and YOU know that, but ...
But Mr. President doesn't 
Hope he's ready to offer you a place to run to when We The People demand your resignation.
Hell no. We have enough morons out here :)
Kvirikashvili and the Georgian people know a lot about standing up for their freedom against the fkin Russians you embrace, Orange Traitor.
Maybe Kvirikashvili would teach him something?
God bless President Trump.
#EvilEvilMan
So glad you get on with business on hand unlike the democrats that stagnate and wallow in pity parties.
And you exclude the American press but allow Russian press in the WH??
Look @ that big smile...#Giorgi must have brought you a pile of cash...or maybe forgiven some/all of your #Russia  loans. Show your taxes!
Georgian Prime Minister.
I hope you had him join you to watch the Yates hearing. It shows how crooked you & your administration are.  SAD
I'm glad you are starting to let that orange and yellow fade away. I don't like you but at least you are looking more professional now 
Does comrade trump even know where Georgia is? Didn't think so.
So many white people.
" Russia if you're listening" Via la France!
#ADisgracetotheWORLD

Everyone hates you
Good
Liar
That's nice donald
What did Giorgi think of Yates & Clappers testimony?
Why does he have to stand there. Just looks odd.
You do know he doesn't live in Atlanta right?
The country is spelled, COLOMBIA. Not, COLUMBIA. Mirriam Webster said look her up...often.
Yeah I'LL BET. FASCIST SHIT
Since wen Did Georgia start hvn Prime Ministers instead of Governers? Jsw jsa 
Admit it you thought "That's a weird name for someone from Georgia." Before someone explained it to you didn't you?
Welcomed the enemy into the White House....way to go Agent Orange
.@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @VP @KvirikashviliGi
To late in the evening for your tweet on @SallyQYates ? What about @tedcruz and his pathetic shot on her integrity? Please! Come on!
Aw, look at those little hands!
I love you daddy, have my children
I am wondering why you are always sitting at desk?  Why don't you stand with your guest?
And the Ambassador , very man mentioned in meetings not mentioned with advisors, Is Anyone Advising you? FIRE them now ....
Did he vomit in your face?
Hell my boss Donald trump
Togader subjec world ayno face betufeal.
Can't you even get the guy a chair to sit in?  #resist
Dear mr trump shut down the TI torture programs occuring in usa and other countries it's Inhumane treatment it's violations of the geneva
Convention it's violations of human rights please help the people as commander show mercy to all Tis
Must be planning a Drump hotel there too!
He's trying to distract from hearing. Which makes him a lier again. No wonder he fired Yates.
You make all your visitors stand around while you grin like a fool. Enjoy sitting behind that desk, won't be long now...
I bet you were.
Yep that fake smile is covering up collusion, lies & failure...
Yet another populist puppet.  You 2 could be twins.  Of course you're "honored" to meet him.
At least 20K of the people that liked this tweet think Donny is talkijg about the state of Georgia.
Watch out herr shitler will grab your pussy with is cockholster!
You do know Georgia as in the country in Asia, right?! Somebody please make sure he doesn't congratulate him on the Falcons' great season!
OMG! You can see right through Trump's hair to his bald head! President Jowly is bald!
Keep those Russki contacts coming, comrade. Sad
Love it!!
Nyet Comrade Ducky Boy. By the way, where are the AMERICAN reporters at Senor Ducky Boy? You're Fired!! #orangerthanoranges
More Rissia ties
World leaders continue to embrace the strength and stability of the Trump Administration!

Georgia PM meets Trump at Whitehouse!

#MAGA
Great ... now what about the cover-up?
Here we go again, let Pence talk to him. You're not coherent to talk to leaders of other countries. You're an embarrassment to Americans.
You're a liar . Russianbullseye
You have dentures don't you
Georgi thought he could do with some help from someone with the inside track at the Kremlin!
You'll probably end up asking him how the weather is in Atlanta.
You are puting to mutch light on your self instead of the country. Way did you become president? Becouse you wanted to help others ?!!!
who the F is your designer? seriously -- ur twitter assets are tasteless & look like they were designed by a child using microsoft paint.
If you're so honored, why aren't you standing up, like he is?
Ur handlers have 2 build you a sad little meme so u can tweet w/o screwing it up? Truth is, not many more pics in O office. U B gone soon!
To any Georgians we in America like you!  So I am going to apologize in advance for what our president may accidentally do. I am very Sorry.
://www.google.com/amp/www.politico.eu/article/vladimir-putin-replicates-his-georgia-model-in-the-us/amp/
when you look in the mirror, do you see your own deflection?
#RESIGN- that mean quit. Just think then you will really be #MAGA and you will be able to golf whenever you want, or go to prison- NO golf
right
How Russian of you!
How Ironic 
Final Russian payoff, there thumper?
Wow!  Did you offer the guy a chair?
Donny. You do know that is Georgia the country, not Georgia the peach state, right?
You should have taken him to see Yates & Clapper at the hearings. What fun!!
Were you watching the #YatesHearing together?
საშინელი ფოტოა... ამ ფოტოთი მაინც ნუ ამყობთ!!! 
წააკითხეთ ამ კაცს “სტუმარ-მასპინძელი“
კუდის ქიცინს ვერ ვხედავ, მაგრამ....
Ever notice the pained grimaces these world leaders seem to all wear when they're forced to stand next to you? What's up with that? #yousuck
You building a phony hotel there too?
did he deliver a message from Putin-  Yates was above reproach #ticktocklockhimup
Psssst....Mr President Georgia is a country....he's not the Prime Minister from "the ATL yo"
@potus I see what you are doing, sitting down for this photo op, letting the desk hide your BIG BELLY.
How 45 under FEDERAL INVESTIGATION still allowed ALL the duties of the WH? PAUSE THIS ADMIN UNTIL WE FIGURE OUT WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON!
Of course...he's one of your Russian bed buddies! Further proof of your continued collusion!
.@realDonaldTrump thought this was the guy in the runoff vs #Ossoff for Georgia
Did he explain to you how Vladimir likes it?  Or are you going to say 'hey guys taking land isn't cool since it's all spoken for already'?

While the Senate committee is playing games, our President continues to work for us!
You can fire James Comey but they will still find out the truth about you and the Russians.  So burn baby burn.
I bet Trump didn't know Georgia wasn't just American state until sum crony explained 2 him after the pres. race?w/Russian help #Resist#Trump
Georgia , as in former USSR Georgia .
Such #LOWENERGY @POTUS can't even stand to great Georgia Prime Minister. #SAD
You doing a good but wears the FUCKIN WALL NOTHING BUT TALK
Get it built fast whats the hold up MR TRUMP
