Not sending a great signal on child labor, minimum wage & occupational safety >> Trump White House lets a 10-year-old volunteer mow its lawn https://twitter.com/PressSec/status/908682993455308800 …
And those idiots at the American Academy of Pediatrics too. Can you believe them?
Yeah -- the same people who say we should keep kids in car booster seats until age EIGHT. It's a Nerf-planet mentality.
Data driven.
OMG. I remember when kids did this regularly. Kudos to this kid and his parents. Thank you #POTUS for supporting this. 
I remember mowing the White House lawn. Those were the good old days.
You never mowed neighbor lawns? I miss the industrious days when kids mowed lawns, shoveled snow.. that was a great way to make a few bucks
I worked for a landscaper. Mowed plenty of lawns. The NYT story is dumb. The responses waxing nostalgic are just as silly.
Not waxing nostalgic.  Some times I really need a kid to help me out.   They are few today
i've never had any difficulty finding a neighborhood teen to walk my dog, mow the lawn, install christmas lights etc.
As an elder I am surprised by the kids nowadays. Want $ but dont want to work for it.
Lol. That kid should demand his money up front. After all Don has a history of saying "I feel I've paid enough" to laborers.
That's a FORMER REPORTER for the NY Times. It has nothing to do with the NY Times. Can u understand why nobody takes your tabloid seriously?
Well it follows EVERY narrative ive read from them about our current president....guess thats why we assumed he was NYT staff.
So, just irresponsible sloppiness, then.
He still writes for the Times. Just not on full-time staff.
OK--he should update his Twitter profile, then.
I'm more surprised that kid wasn't cautious working for Donald...Don the Con has a long history of not paying for labor.
There is no replacement for terrible journalism except possibly the democrat party!
Ed the NYT IS owned by Georgie boy and full of half truths..Talk about a slanted paper ..Keep reading it and be UNINFORMED..
This child wrote a letter to @POTUS saying it was his wish to mow the WH lawn and @POTUS gave him his wish. He was also wearing safety gear!
The #NYTimes is  POS paper that I wouldn't even wipe my ass with!!!
OMG SMH no words can describe such stupidity of the New York Times except maybe the quote itself compared too fundamental Cultural Literacy
I've made my 14 year old now my lawn since he was 7. I've mowed lawns at that same age. Nothing wrong with teaching responsibility and hard work.
I'll bet Trump has never mowed in his life!
He's never made a bed, washed a dish, swept a floor. Neither have his kids or grandkids. Helpless and useless, generation after generation.
I think u r talking abt SNOWFLAKES  nt the Prez or his children/they were taught hard wk was required 2 mk ur way n life
You just keep on telling yourself that. If it makes your life easier to blindly follow greedy shameless liars, have at it! Good luck.
Why is Trump being so petty and childish! It's soooooooo embarrassing!
Pretty sure tons of folks would LOVE to work for the NY Times. More that would ever want to work for Trump
How do you know that?
Isn't it just awesome to see a young man take pleasure and be greatful for the opportunity to perform an act of work!  
Well,to be fair,ten is a little young to be operating machinery,but I think he meant it tongue in cheek.
Sort of like those cautious working for dumpster @WhiteHouse
Filling a child's dream is very abusive.  Definitely something he will remember his whole life.
That is how Donald made his start.  No wait...he went door to door with a bb bat collecting rent from low income renters.
Focus Don
What is funny is I was, cutting grass, shoveling snow, delivering newspapers, & more at age of 6. I liked working. Guess Millennials don't 
This is bust a gut hilarious!!
Trump did good letting a kid do a chore what a stupid atricle
And why few believe to be true about anything that is written in that ragazine.
@DonaldJTrumpJr @greenhousenyt He could've paid the kid rather than stalk him, looking for a photo opp. The rich are different
You get the best international news on the RT NEWS & CGTNN on cable, the Russian & China news networks, more Honesty & more news
What it does speak to is our responsibility to volunteer to help others, and that hard work is a good thing not evil like the libs say.
Please show me source what where somenone says hard work is evil, or just admit that you're spreading made up BS.
CNN and NY times do not hire the brightest, that comment was absurd.
I can understand why their subscriptions r at an all time high and Fox News is losing viewers and commentators to misconduct
What a moron.That guy shouldn't be allowed to write 4 anyone. That tongue & cheek comment actually belittled the cute story of a nice kid!
Trump needs to have childrens letters read on air because he needs a pat on the back and a better image.
There was a place about kids writing letters but they were in general negative,  Knowing kids dislike him would not be cheerful.
Fake Comment
"..so many reporters are cautious about working for them?" Prove it!
So insane
LMFAO. The @nytimes is the holy grail of journalists. Even the conservatives. Any one that says differently is lying.
NYTimes propagandists literally can’t get more obvious and seem more stupid. Unreal!
 Erdogan is a violent illegitimate dictator who belongs in prison for war crimes. @UN #DotardTrump #terrorist
Can you name one reporter who is cautious to work for the #NYTimes?  I think that's just a bogus insult!
NYTimes is the most famous newspaper in America, if not the world!
That doesn't make it the most truthful...
Another Greenhouse gas emissions problem. Call Paris. #MAGA
Working, at any age, confuses liberals.
I don't get the whole "liberals" don't work thing. I've been working for 40 years. Two Bachelor Degrees..and one post grad certification.
Shut up Joy! You're going to ruin their fantasy that liberals are jobless lazy bums who refuse to work every chance they can! 
I work like 50+ hrs a week and manage a multi million dollar business..... I'm sooo lazy
Hah. People would love to work for @nytimes. They hold truth to power and expose Trump for the dirtbag he is.
Journalism is in crisis. Many hoping for a new network of news & commentary w/ @billoreilly as alternative to changing @FoxNews

The media doesn't need to Trump to discredit them. They do it perfectly all by themselves & this garbage is a prime example.
You are full of it. That boy is going to do great in life.  And he was 11.
This man has to lighten up...and stop drinking the Kool-Aid!! NYT: a birdcage liner!
I'd starve first.
Child's statement of patriotism haters will never understand.
Wonder why Barron Trump hasn't volunteered or asked to mow the lawn.
They don't have any reporters, just propagandists, at least that's all I ever see out of them #FakeNews
You don't read NYTimes.
mediocre whites/white trash demand the affirmative action of Jim Crow. #AffirmativeAction
what is your view on lesbian nude modeling? @FLOTUS
what about women who've done A LOT of raunchy nude modeling, some if it lesbian? @FLOTUS
Here is the new WH correspondent Lucian Wintrich
It's a hand gesture associated with the racist, white supremacist, anti-Semitic Alt Right. In the White House. https://twitter.com/aravosis/status/834075630337679362 … 
They wouldn't take you anyway honey
Well if female you can get rich on Fox News.  Just flirt and then sue for sex harassment,lol. and it works over and over
Says the man who fills the bits around the Daily Mail's sidebar of shame. Your irony bypass worked, obviously.
cautious? lol, wrong
... yeah... that's why journalists across the profession think of @NYTimes as the Mecca.
The kid looks happy and proud of mowing the lawn. Let the kid have his moment. When I was young I always took pride when I cut my the grass.
Why is this even a thing? No one remembers Michelle Obama and her garden? No one said a word then. (and they shouldn't have) 
@greenhousenyt They. Hired. @GlennThrush — what more do you need to know?

Yea and that child labor! First of all the 11 yr old wanted to mow the prez's lawn! Trump didn't solicit the child to mow lawn! Ur strange
That's totally ridiculous, child labor and mowing a lawn ! There 180 degrees apart! Paper boy or paper girl delivering papers mowing lawns!
Love Trump and his leadership
Fine, made the kid happy, but let's just remember this is ONLY a photo op for Trump. I CAN'T DISAGREE with some of what NYT had to say.GMAB
That is so freaking DUMB and it is exactly why the #failingNYTimes is losing money hand over fist. That little boy was HAPPY to help out!
Greenhouse must be a cupcake or an idiot. Maybe both.
Your running away from trouble and the race is about to come to a end.
Jr Jr Jr! It has hit the fan. What a mess you are in. Serious stuff! Play dirty, pay the price...and you will! Daddy is wrong this time!
Idiots.
They along with some of the other media outlet report the news honestly and fairly.
this is the "greenhouse effect" the snowflakes keep harping about...
Hey Jr....Didn't your step-mommy, @FLOTUS, sue @Daily Mail for saying she was a prostitute. Now you RT them. Interesting!
Jerk another one
Are you for real!!!!!
@realDonaldTrump That kid will never forget such an opportunity.  Praise! Keeping it real.
And you people say the libs can't take a joke, FFS.
Pathetic & disgusting    RNC: Spending on legal bills for Trump Jr. nears $200K
@nytimes  holy moly! That was so cute, heart warming, and I'm sure super impactful for him. It was an honor not forced child labor! #stretch
That young 11-year-old boy will remember this for the rest of his life .I worked hard growing up and it taught good work ethic.
THE NYT'S REPORTER DID TELL THE TRUTH.  THE LAWYERS GOT BUSTED BY THE REPORTER.  AT UR AGE U CANT GIVE A HONEST RESPONSE.  DEPLORABLE 
You are full of beans! Many children mow lawns in this USA, gives them more responsibilities and gives them a great work ethic. I know!!!
Nothing wrong with Children working the Problem is Having everything done for them.  So they don't work. Or learn how to. Job well done
Failing NYT...any wonder? What's wrong with these people?
@greenhousenyt going to assume you're being sarcastic bc if not you're what's wrong. This was this kids dream. POTUS was sweet to arrange.
we do not have a government we have a pay to play system for liars and scammers 20 trillion in debt proves it  @WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump
Well you should study economics

This is pay to play

Gov messed up by kids not being able to work. Child labor laws should protect kids not keep them from learning how to work
Idiots
Is that why so many have left tRump's employment too? He's such a truth teller. Not
At 8 I was chopping wood and mowing lawns ...oh yea Trump grew up at the same time before AMERICA SAT BEHIND SCREENS WE WORKED
But did you notice the difference in tweeters on Donald Trump's Twitter account? This is NOTourPresident! Give the phone back!
Lost in cynicism=NY Times.
evidence of watering down of our American grit + gone is personal responsibility 4 job or career u choose –somebody might need a Band-Aid! 
The guy's point was that kids under 12 are injured by lawnmowers because of their small size. He posted good links with stats.
need look no furher than collegiate 'safe spaces', therapy buddies, & military UNreadiness. +no more freedom 4 kidz 2 lose, learn, or play 
What does all that word salad even mean? No one said hard work isn't admirable. Industry must be tempered with common sense.
@MeosoFunny same meaning as 1st., wasn't guy's main point. u just do not understand it, which is exactly the problem we now have-illuminated
It was definitely heartwarming.  But they do make a point.  Based on his actions, views of his supporters.
Thank you President Trump for letting him mow the America's house,and he had a awesome time doing it
Just a photo op for drumpf. Disgusting fake prez.  #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
7.5 more years-embrace it like we did w/ bho.   Ok?   G
Never.  Mueller will take him out.  He's disgrace to our country and the world. He's gone.
Please hold your breath.  Tweet me when it happens- or enjoy the ride.  G
Look at NYT financials.
Only 2 years before BK.
100 writers fired.
100 editors demoted 2writers.
Change is life's only constant.
@nytimes
If I was a journalist today,I wud pause,then go wait tables by day & DJ/RadioHost by night #SERVINGFoodGloriousFood & #Music can #HumbleOne
This is from a twitter account, he was a former writer from the NYT. This was NOT in the NYT.
Kid is a true dreamer, Trump just filled his American dream. 1st.
@greenhousenyt 
If anyone wants to know the source for odious odorous foul greenhouse emissions, we've found it.
At the nytimes
This is NOT the NYT. It's the personal opinion of a journalist who formerly to worked there. Sad you can't see the difference.
Exactly, former writer re labor issues. It's his area of expertise, he makes solid points about children using power eq etc at a young age.
significant safety issues, danger of being maimed, hearing loss, etc even with proper PPE. Second issue to me, exploitive photo op.
Personal insults do not strengthen your argument or credibility. Shows you form opinions without knowing anything about the subject. Sad.
No one is questioning the work ethic of Frank. Very admirable. But there's the bigger picture to consider re the exploitive nature of Trump
The president could save someone from getting shot and the left would say he is taking jobs away from healthcare workers
Whatever deflects from giving 45 credit is their MO-auto response
IDIOTS!!!!
Losing money at enormous rate. Only liberal morons read it.  #NYTfakenews
Because one opinion columnist has strong views based on medical guidelines triggered by number of child amputees in lawnmowing accidents?
@greenhousenyt 
Any opportunity  to run a false narrative about DJT. The NYT is nothing but Globalist propaganda
In the Philippines, no janitor to clean classrooms, school grounds from grade to high sch. We took turns to do the work. No one complained.
Actually no, but Trumps deeds are metculously documented by the long lists of lawsuits from people still waiting in line to be paid by him.
Lame.
Cadillac Attack
Hi Jimmy Cross love you
That guy would freak out at how much the  Cub/Boy Scouts , and any kid who helps parents volunteer. Clearly, elite  left never help anyone.
OMG a New York Times Reporter complaining about child labor laws, this is what happens when you hire a reporter that has the mind of a child
What do you expect from delusional psychopaths i.e. Liberals, "Liberalism Is A Mental Disorder"
Not one time in all my years have I ever seen an utter disregard for the truth, than I have in your newspaper! #Stupid
Ni be separated the my mother for those power and thirds parties cruel plan.  ,monster planthem cross the line
Talk about reaching deep into his ass Greenhouse pulled out this stinking tweet if that's your idea of journalism find a closet n hide
I thought it was great that the youngster was able to mow the WH lawn. Something he will remember for a lifetime. Good job Mr. President!
Fake effort of drumpf to show his friend of the little people side.
Trump worked hard as a youth.  Children need to see how much work can give you a since of pride.  Think that's what he was trying to show.
NYT's is no different than Washington Post.  Here's their "anon sources" is their newest writer. Biased rag
Geez it was great for the boy and statement reminding us that work is a good thing
Really?  Evidently your parents had a landscaper while you got to go out and play!  Glad my parents made me mow and do yard work as a kid.
Just another Kodak moment for you, you could care less about the kid.
Complaining about the NYT while ignoring all of Trump's RT's from a BOT. Ok.... 
No. He's a former reporter for The NY Times. So "this is the nytimes" is misleading.
This is the type of story that caused the media to lose all credibility.  They just hate Trump, but screw them, out here we support Trump.
How stupid can one get?
That was Awesome for that kid are you kidding me with this child labor BS he even got to visit President Trump in the Oval Office.
One idiot had to bring up a child labor issue. 
The surprise is that it came from the New York Times rather than the communist party news.
HOW SAD b4 I saw this I said being sarcastic I'm surprised media isn't saying see DT is promoting child labor letting that kid mow lawn. WOW
They are full of crap and thinking people know that I just hope there are enough thinking people
Silly.
Just showing their ignorance. Good for that little man and his amazing work ethic. He is going to go along ways in life.
Yes  I understand why reporters/journalists  are cautio about working. A better experience  of Tanzania
early work habits for our kids is good. teaches them not to try to short cut and risk jail or gangs & selling drugs and so on. let them work
i started with local news paper delivery by foot and ealry mornings. Then worked as a dish washer saved money and then got into dj & more
the kid had a wish and it came true and did a great job. besides there was people watching him. Like non of us ever had jobs while under 18?
@DonaldJTrumpJr Dude, you work at @DailyMail. Come on.

@FoxNews @ShepNewsTeam @EricTrump @realDonaldTrump @PressSec
Every last one of these individuals did calls w/ Manafort while he was being wiretapped. 
He's an ex reporter.
Uhm, no.
Probably one of those folks making kids get expensive licenses to mow neighborhood lawns
WHAT WEIRDOS THEY ARE.JUST PLAIN STUPID.
The NYT is a scum rag organization
NYT are idiots. trying to discourage a young person from earning cash? About right, they probably want to get him a safe room
NYT reporter is an idiot. Structured hard work as a child develops character and strong bodies!
Back in Twitter time-out? I love it! Probably swimming across the Rio Grande right now seeking asylum - how ironic
New York Times must have screw loose. Big difference mowing lawn v. Dangerous Sweat shop factory
U r technically correct, and morally wrong.
Who cares what NY Times says
