Tonight on the Morlock channel….
Interviewing the Eloi, except, not pretty.  But definitely lazy and not smart.
And you are?
#ALCS
#ALCS

#morongate
I'm replacing the letters o&x to ake.
Yuck
Does Putin need to ok the Russia sanctions for you? NOT The deadline was Oct 1 but you failed. #Impeach45 for treason NOW!
This is funny.
Fox news is fake news
So is msnbc and cnn
No just Fox, dumbass conservatives, making up everything just to keep dictator and chief happy!
Trump is not a dictator what proof or video evidence of trump being a dictator? 
His actions is all the proof!
Let's be honest trump is amazing. Your probably mad because lazy asses are having to work now and Obama gave free money to everyone.
Trump not amazing, all he cares about is the rich. He never worked a day in his life. He never earned anything, but a loan of a million
He took over his dad's company and he said a small loan of 1 mil because the amount he worked hard for that he has now is much bigger
Meanwhile, legitimate news channels report on CA fires. #Fox=fake news
Uh, no thx. I have 2 watch paint dry.
You have nothing better to do than tweet about THIS? 
Serious question don: 
Who won the handshake when you met with The President Of The United States Virgin Islands?
 #dumbdon
Think I’ll watch something more truthful, maybe Jim Carrey in Liar Liar!

Only morons watch Fox News Channel!
Good Grief! Are you seious? Crazy Eric Trump? Have you no shame? No principles? Of course not. All a bunch of drumpf bootlickers
Donny, you know @FoxNews isn't really news don't you? It's fake news like you are a fake President. 

Understand?
Ewwwwwwww
And not one whole lip between the two of them. Smh. 
DON'T WATCH FOX FAKE NEWS
No thanks. I really think you should take eric trump's pulse. I am positive he is one of the undead--a zombie. Scares the hell outta me. 
No one cares.
And tonight on the channel that brings you #fakenews .......
Come on Trump you are creating fake news simply by your bias in not tweeting any other channel. You prove daily how deluded you are. #resign
Horse face son of yours...
"Special guest Eric Trump" or "Exhaustingly recurring guest Eric Trump" does Faux News not know other ppl outside their Klan? #NoOutsiders
Senator Gowdy? Dat u, suh?
Sideview of Eric is Butthead omg lol
Just sayin'
Zzzzzzzzz Boring and Fake

Sure, go ahead, every time one of you open your mouth, you reinforce the low opinion Americans already have of you, carry on
Softball in motion...
How many chromosomes does Eric have?
Judge Jeanie really-really sucks.  I can't even listen to her loud and angry low voice.  Nobody likes a loud angry know-it-all.
Vicki, I used 2her, when she was just about crimes & not a parrot. Guess she wasn't ever harassed, she's not blonde hair, blue eyed Foxgirl
The POTUS should appoint you Judge Jeanine, as the Attorney General of the United States.  All in favor - Retweet! 
Trump Administration Supplying Puerto Rico With Water From Toxic Waste Dump 
Unlike the President, most Americans know NFL kneelers aren't protesting the flag
Trump Lectures America On Values One Year After Being Caught Bragging About Assault 
Pro-Trump states most affected by his health care decision 
Congress members threaten Twitter with regulation if doesn’t suppress ‘racially divisive communications’
I love your tweet your info is so informative. Except that you always bring my anxiety up to another level!

Big difference  - Trump uses golf to cut billion-dollar deals etc. for the US economy like he did with the Japanse PM. Obama played for fun.
Your delusional!
Look in the mirror, you're projecting.
Ok I looked in the mirror and your still delusional!
Just thought this was as good a spot as any for a photo of your groundbreaking meeting!
0690767916


Sorry, Buttercup. Can't make it. I have a... thing. My mama's sick. I'm washing my hair. The cat threw up on the rug. I have a soul. Pick 1.
Being a ginger, I don't have a soul, but I have a brain and therefore will just wait for the funny tidbits to pop up.
Let me know how that works out for you.
Usually works out wonderfully. I don't get mad at the TV and Fox's crappy lies of  convenience.
I blocked fox from my television. Houseguest turned it on once and I made sure that could never happen again.
Yup any info contrary to your beliefs must never be heard
No, it's information that's completely made up, guests & hosts that are full of shit, it's *that* I don't want to hear. So @FoxNews Nope, I don't want my time wasted by #FoxNewsLies
Will they be discussing this...

REALITY of our POTUS
Publicly he is at stage 2 to 3
The fits of rage coming unhinged being reported on by Trump's own inner circle in the WH are all normal progression of Alzheimers
Best First family ever! We love you!
Funny how everything goes up after the election! The people’s confidence in a businessman is great!
I can’t wait to re-elect you in 2020! 
Except when they're posing naked, you mean.

Nothing racist about it. One flotus pursued higher education using her intellect, and the other pursued a rich guy using her body.
1. Didn't say she was my favorite. 2. Please provide evidence (as I did). 3. W/no source, YOUR tweets are "anger-based opinion." Nice try.
Melania speaks 5 languages and is an accomplished businesswoman in her own right. And she has infinitely more style and class as FLOTUS
Why would anyone want to watch state sponsored fake news on your kid? The kid you socked in the face in college
Unless Eric can explain your Not Enforcing Russian Sanctions he has nothing of value to say
My guess they won't ask him about that will they?
Who CARES!! WHO ARE THEY ANYWAY!
BARF. SO GLAD I MISSED ALL THE MONEY HUNGRY LIARS ON ONE SHOW, FAILURES, EVERY ONE OF YOU
Why are these losers news?

Wonder how his future inmates will treat .@EricTrump. Or, do you think they'll prefer .@DonaldJTrumpJr? #TrumpCrimeFamily
Get out of the WH if you need to do family PR.
Gross.
Nice couple during campaign I got Erik's autograph & shook his what an honor in Medina Ohio
Donnie Jr. should be in jail
Two more jackasses I won't be watching
I am happy for you and your family
Of course that filthy little tool has his hand on her knee.

Democrats want you to believe the economy and stock market booming right after Trump become President is a coincidence.

This is a lie.
It sure has NOTHING to do with that #BUFFOON!
Who cares?
No other network would want to interview another god digging woman and stupid ass Trump. Donny and Melania is enough to deal with.
@realDonaldTrump.  You do realize that that was yesterday and is old news today. I didn't watch it because I had to clean litter box
beautiful family
https://vimeo.com/220699607  #BBMAs Vous quand vous l'dîtes on pense que vous maîtrisez le sujet. Moi je dis rien, et on m'fout la paix
His father is in good company

That was a great interview of Eric and Lara Trump also on their new Son. Congratulations to both of them
Did you buy your wife, too?
She acts like she was bought on the dark net.. but, trump wouldn't have the first clue how to get on that.. maybe Ivanka helped him.
Gross.
How quaint.
I'll make sure to tune in....unlike a closed minded liberal, I enjoy intellectual discussions, even if in disagreement with the subject
I will. God Bless Trump ona his Family.
Human garbage.  Eric took money from kids with cancer.  Lock him up with the rest of his family!
You do more promoting of Fox News than anything really productive!
Guess your ratings will be going http://down.You  people need to wise up.

#GOD HAS AND WILL CONTINUE TO BLESS US ALL... IT'S UP TO YOU/#US TO NOTICE AND MAKE IT #SPECIAL/#REAL.

#THANKFUL

…
LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES AND MORE LIES
Won't watch this craven crap.

31-year-old Sebastian Kurz set to become Austrian leader https://susanorji.blog/2017/10/15/31-year-old-sebastian-kurz-set-to-become-austrian-leader/ … via @wordpressdotcom
2 losers, side by side...
And president moron said
There’s a hot mess of B.S. waiting to air. Come on ppl who thought Trump was actually going to help u. He is not #MAGA HE IS TRASHING IT.
Justice should be done. #russia #cybersecurity #vladlover #moneylaunderer #traitor
Is this the Dumb one as rumors persist?


Nuff said! #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Talk about gold digger. Look at that gargoyle Trump! He should be placed on the corner of the White House to scare the pigeons away.


What an ugly couple. . .
@JudgeJeanine is also a #fuckingmoron. Like minds.
this is „keeping family out of business“?

I would rather eat my own arm that listen to these two.  Just sayin.

I rather get a colonoscopy than to watch this shit. No wonder Fox News ratings are way down. It’s a bunch of #FakeNews sad.

Great an interview with Beavis. Where is Butthead....??  Faux News is just like North Korean State Television.
Summer is going to have trump impeach for sexually assaulting her!#Dirty
Small donations to Trump campaign pay for Trump Jr.’s massive legal  bills.  https://thinkprogress.org/small-donations-to-trump-campaign-pay-for-trump-jr-s-massive-legal-bills-70a42bfc81d7/ …   FREELOADING BILLIONAIRES
Tonight, a person who nobody gave a shit about with a stupid face, talks about shit he doesn’t understand. nice

No thanks. I'll be watching something worth watching.
#25thamendment
Is that his wife or is he as gropy as his father? #TrumpCreeps
http://surpay.site/?r=247276  #Trump
Trump appears to be jealous of Obama's popularity

Honestly, what value could @EricTrump bring to any conversation besides hunting endangered species for fun?
@realDonaldTrump @JudgeJeanine @EricTrump @LaraLeaTrump Looking forward to news on the Groper In Chief!

I dont have cable to watch. I just have phone & internet. YADTEL no cable. Mtns .
no cable. make cable affordable
#ImpeachTrump  #25
Fake news
Loved your show with Eric & LaraLee Trump!
Thought it was Eric and that Jenner woman
Omg they could be Twins 
Remind me was it this douche or DJTJ who said women Who Can’t Handle Sexual Harassment ‘Don’t Belong in the Workforce’? #Hypocrisy
What a bag of dicks. 
I missed this sad because I had to work. I hope to see it on Comcast Demand! Such a good looking couple!!

She's a better man than @EricTrump.
I'd sooner clean a latrine
Who gives a rats ass about these people!   Fox really needs to get their shit together.
That part is getting pretty wide, huh @EricTrump ??
two mor lying Trumps

It has a wife?!!!
I would rather stick pins in my eyes. #OrangeBuffoon
Only DOTARDS will be watching FoxNews!
@EmmanuelMacron @UNHumanRights @ImranKhanPTI #PTIMembershipDrive #كركوك #الحشد_الشعبي
#Kerkük @un @realDonaldTrump @tcbestepe #TF1EMacron
"Tonight on "Slimeballs,.." there. Fixed it.
Oh good! @EricTrump opening his mouth is always a disaster for you. 
#DumbestTrump
@FoxNews THIS SYCO WACADOODLE REPRESENTS YOU!! WANT TO BE SERIOUS, LET THE HATEFUL NUTS GO
Who cares.  He is an idiot.
Eric is just so damn glad his dad's 'hoax' empire was enough to lure any woman to be near him. FYI :Money camouflages hideousness-
WORD!
The clintons should k ow this for sure
When you can't defend Trump you bring up the Clintons -same old same!
#DotardTrump #TrumpRussia #trumpregrets #25thAmendment

I rather watch players kneeling for hours than this drivel
Eric Trump looks like a child molester.
Gosh fox, how'd ya get those prestigious guests? lol if i wanted to hear brown nosing and unintellectual speech I'd watch Hannity!!
I have lost two aunts in Puerto Rico due to the pathetic admin.... a curse on you and your family down to your children and theirs.

Boring! Who cares.
Oh darn. Missed it. 
#MoronTrump visualizes daughter in law as he achieves self satisfaction
Donnie, is this new presidential? You are now plugging your family on the fox network .. really ? The rest of the world is laughing at you
Godspeed to you and your family Eric
Oh I'm sure that will be a "Fair and Balanced" interview.
#FakeNews #FakePresident #FauxNews
Those brown shoes look dumb.
This was one of the sweetest interviews I have ever seen - adorable family
Dream on
