Not sure how the market surged before he made an announcement affected it
Leave it to Fox to deliberately mislead us in favor of Trump.
So I guess being that Barron seen Kathy Griffin's photo means He surfs the net and sees all the bad things America said about his father
Can you lay off this child?  Are you an adult?  Shame on you!
My grandkids saw it, it was everywhere and kids talk! And I agree, lay off Baron!
Why so his daddy can deprive children a breakfast meal at school f*** him
If you're looking for Mercy try down the street you won't find it here


There is no negotiating the Paris deal
It is an informal set of standards that we agree 2 live by for the preservation of our planet
BS: its not bout that, he wants less regulation bcuz it makes his rich friends happy & makes him richer. Open your eyes
DT doesn't gv a FUCK
U are dillusional 
Regulations hold big corp accountable for clean practices, Trump has already pulled regs for other companies
How's the market is diving
During yesterday's speech you weren't talking about the rising of the oceans nor the warming of the planet. #tinyhandsmeanwhat #askMelania
He was showing us the size of his micropenis
#mypresident #potus45 #MAGA
Best at what? Lies? Propaganda? Hate? Division?
When Trump said Bilderbergs at the debates - more truth was shown than from any president since Kennedy.
#mypresident #potus45 #MAGA
Wall St folks will need bigger yachts.
Bigger what...?
Wallets, he meant wallets.
Party over Country.  Now we have Money over Planet.  Neither are sustainable.
YOU SOUND LIKE FAKE NEWS. What planet you on where BILLIONAIRES are failures. Losers don't get in the whitehouse. #mypresident,
That quote gets credited to Pres J F Kennedy. Geez.

Yawn...got any more?
Thank you Pres. Obama, your economic policies are still working great for the nation as Wall St. Hit record high's.
You and your billionaire friends can celebrate! BTW, you may want to have Mar-A-Lago moved to higher ground. Richy rich, spoiled brat.
Smart move.   America FIRST said the BEST President EVER
@realDonaldTrump state media watch. Making money for the swamp! Macron rocks!!!
Go away #fakepresident
Psalm 3:8
Salvation belongs to the Lord. Your blessing is upon Your people. Selah
Why assume these people are always liberal? Kind of shits on your "logic" argument, pal.
They're liberal.
Did Fox News tell you that?
No their Twitter feeds always do.
Fox. What a surprise
Well duh, many companies are in the business of putting profit over people.
Because of you, president Trump, your commitment 2 promoting jobs and removing job killing policies is driving this economy.@MariaBartiromo

#fakenews Fox & Friends @foxandfriends
Birther
The hardest working President ever. Thank you
@realDonaldTrump
Pittsburgh Mayor @billpeduto: We'll make sure we follow the #ParisAgreement. 
Hey Trump!! Your title "president" doesn't mean you are above the law, nor exempt from its consequences!!!! Americans are coming for you!!!!
99.9% of your gullibles benefit ZERO from this 'global' increase in the markets..but they'll still cheer mindlessly as your pals get richer
Companies profit, people suffer.  It's the Republican way.
And so do carbon emissions

RT @foxandfriends: Wall Street hits record highs after Trump pulls out of Climate pact http://fxn.ws/2rgkU2G ...
$$$ > humanity
Sad thing....your average viewer will not see any change in life style
Well now I will say you are wrong since President Trump we have coal back jobs jobs SW VA is back
a photo of a train moving coal doesn't prove there are new coal jobs in VA.
Pretty soon we'll get all those Blockbuster jobs back, see.
Great, Nicole, thank you for this beacon of hope! Do you think we can get those VCR jobs back, too? I was a VCR tape rewinder engineer.
I have a picture of VHS tapes, so I think you'll be back in business in no time!
We have a JVC plant in AL that's been shuttered for years. Will be first in line when that factory starts roaring up its machine again 
Karla, you didn't provide a picture, so it isn't true!
#FakeTrumpTweets
BILLIONS not given to other nations-we shld make a better deal with NATO-we r paying ALL the freight and they r bossing us around!
How much is the annual NATO budget?  Guessing you have zero clue
Ummm.... this happened on Thursday. Trump pulled out of the Paris Climate Agreement on Thursday afternoon.
That's Fox for ya...misleading the public once again
Surge was not that big. Had nothing to do with Paris Accord.
Checked out the May #JobsReport? WEAK! Falling short of expectations!
Please cite a source more credible than the onion.
Im not here for your validation. He could set off nukes and his base would cry but obama and Hillary.Hes a moron!  source, me eyes
His base is beyond reason. They don seek facts or question his lies. They drink it up one lie at a time.
Wheres Bob Ford he wrote annual report for Fish&Wildlife.He knows how climate is effecting wildlife &his honest concern deserves to be heard

Drain the swamp...congress & the senate is the swamp. Investigate them. Term limits for congress,  senate & all judges...too much power
Please stay out don't give in fight u know what's right 4 us that's a way of opening our boarders in a different way don't go back
Because it's Wall Street that matters ....
This should freak everyone out: the Arctic will never be frozen again http://www.motherjones.com/environment/2017/12/this-should-freak-everyone-out-the-arctic-will-never-be-frozen-again/ … via @MotherJones

#mypresident #potus45 #MAGA
LOL

Lol, you wrong dawg...
#LOL
#LOL
#LOL

The demonstration began after today's announcement. People are concerned about the lack of US leadership jeopardizing the whole planet. 
Money over common sense. A road to our demise. And it’s Biblical, to boot. “The love of money is the root of all evil”.
I wish they would stop calling it a climate deal; like it was ever anything but a redistribution of wealth scheme...
@realDonaldTrump The man knows what he is doing. Dumb bureaucrats got us into this mess(Obama). He gets us out of it!
Good Morning  Mr. President!!

Thank you for placing America First. I am so happy that #Justin  from #Canada  is disappointed!!!
Of course you are.  Because you care more about money than life.
And yet I am 100% certain that I do more to save lives every day and donate more money to that cause than you do.
And yet you have no idea what I do and how much money I donate.  But you're 100% certain you do it better.  Good ol Trumpster!
Don't need to. You accused me of caring more about money. You projected your own #greed onto me. Along with the #Hate you care in your heart
I carry hate in my heart 4 people who support POTUS - a conman who only cares bout money, not people. He would sell his mothers soul for $.
wall street hit record highs because of the jobs numbers, which were because of deals Obama put in place
I'm sure!! Nice try!
Congrats you short-sighed, political day-trading, Earth-killing excuse for a world leader. You're the most vilified person on Earth today.
"Earth killing" Yet here you are using elecitry , eating animals who suffer and cause mass pollution
Matthew is "disciple" of the #Climatedoomsday now. Like climate researchers don't needs wall Street money to function? It's all jobs First
Fox News = Fake News! People at Fox have their heads so far up Trump's butt that they can barely speak unless it is in his favor. So Sad!
I guess Hollywood and Globalism can put that in their pipe and smoke it.
Keep up the great work Mr. President moving up and forward
FAKE NEWS
Outstanding!!!
And jobs are falling.
Trump did not do anything to help this.
Nice distraction from #Russiagate though!
Getting support from Faux, is like getting accused of murder, and getting support from OJ.
1st!!!
You cannot make enough money to buy another planet when this one is destroyed.  Shameful. Embarrassed that u are the potus....
Bullshit. https://www.theguardian.com/business/2017/jun/02/disappointing-us-jobs-figures-knock-markets-off-peak?CMP=share_btn_fb …
Not related!  ASSHATS
Fox News has the worst journalism on the planet. They had the opportunity of getting well educated & reflective; They chose neither.
Many among the staff on your silly media should be in jail with your beloved president. The world laughs (some cry for) at you.
Are you repeating "Fake News"?
Good I'm very glad he didn't we need job and the economic growth that we need right now we are straggler to bring food  to our table
Fake title fake news fake friends to the American public... market went up because of economic data..
Post hoc ergo propter hoc at its finest
Would you please giving the coverage to hrc.  We do not care how she lost and who's fault it was.  We know it was her's and the dnc.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #AmericaFirst
So climate change is a fake issue started by the Chinese to wack away at our economy. A month ago you were giving them oral over N. Korea.
Ya think China and India are still laughing........not
So money over our planet  y'all some evil fucks
So proud of the man of Heaven, God, for choosing President Trump as are Leader of America. May God Bless Trump. Thank you God for Trump.
Could God help you sort out your spelling & caps next, decision making appears to have gone awry 'choosing' Trump (which Putin mostly did)
Earth survivability hits record lows after trump pulls out of climate pact
Is that why so many CEOs and businesspeople tried to get him to stay IN the agreement? Or why so many have pledged to work w/in Paris frame?
The Socialist are bursting with frustration. They never in 8 yrs never saw this.
In the past month my husband's pension (retired cop) went up $10k! Thank you @POTUS #MAGA
Economists give a shit on Don Trump thats all
Smart Business decision President Trump
Headline could just as easily read "Record highs after Trump takes massive dump". Etc, etc, et-fucking-cetera. Understand cause and effect?

Consumer confidence drops 12%. Plutocrats cheer, the 99% Joes jeer.
@realDonaldTrump CNN IS ISSIS
So, I take it America is happy, more jobs, PA & Ohio, he kept his promise, unless the predecessor.
@realDonaldTrump Alternative Fakt
Funny,  I heard that earlier in the day before he even gave his speech.
Money over caring for anything else-- environment, healthcare, education, people! You #MAGAts are prize scumbags, aided by Faux News!
Wall street has been hitting highs for months. You could havr also said "1000s of babies born" or "Sun came up"
Thanks Obama!
Lol... just wait till they find him guilty of treason and obstruction of justice and see what happens to the stock market.
We will #WinAgain and laugh as the rest of the world #fails fighting #fake #climatechange! #Idiots! Oh well I live a #great #Nation! @POTUS
Way to go Prez Trump!!
Fake news network
WHAT? I'm reading a British paper and it says not so.
Correlation does not equal causation, you nimwits.
DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DURMPF~
#RussiaGate
Market manipulation duh

Yeeeehaaaaw it's all about the moolah baby fuck tha earth who needs air I breathe methane git on my level humans #evolved
Amen!
All you Americans should get behind your president, he is for the people not like the far left media. CNN cnbc and all the rest of you libs
Mr Trump you polluting humanity due to your policies stop blaming other countries
#TrumpEffect & this gals loving it!!!
@JoyAnnReid @chrislhayes 
ur makin me sick
DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF&
America's wealth stays in America. Of course it reacted positively. What a big score for America.
"Only when the last tree has died,the last river poisioned,the last fish caught will we realise we cannot eat money"
Everyone will probably just go to McDonalds
No more nervous highs!
Bs fake fox propaganda! Had anymore sexual harassment charges yet? Smear any real presidents lately? Fox= paid and bought off fake news SAD
What a smarmy picture. The rich are happy when Wall Street is strong.  What about people who are living the effects of #climatechange?
Good job! you have good luck with Trump,congratulations from !
Big business is so happy:-/ fuck the planet but they'll get money selling poison.
Donald Trump, really sticking it to Wall Street isn't he? LOL
@realDonaldTrump how's the environment?
The rise proceeding the crash.
Trump train or go n Korea
Ok sure
DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DURMPF.
Psst, the Value of the stock market isnt up, the vale of the privately-owned Fed's Debt Based Fiat Money Dollar is down
and the rich get richer
We are in a depression. Economy is growing like the 30s & slowing. Nobody hiring. Zimbabwe style $ printing. @Trump_Regrets
Bc it's a gift to companies to pollute our environment. It's all about the money, screw the earth
Probably has something to with the US not giving away billions in taxpayer $ to foreign countries and big banks.
No, just to the Trumps for their foreign holidays and weekends away, not to mention housing the stray wife and child
Popsy, Have you figured out why all the global elites had to fly to the Paris Climate Party on private jets instead of having a Skype chat?
Presumably for face to face interaction, works better when thrashing out critical 'deals' in my experience. Not a great start though I agree
@Alaskans4Trump Gee wonder why?
So the rich get richer. Now Trump can steal the Green money for his wall. Art of the Con
And the pullout had NOTHING to do with what the stock market did.
Good for everyone's retirement funds. Highest ever
Thanks @POTUS44
president trump  is #winning
Oh we already knew you'd have wallstreets back :)
As if the two are related. SMH.
Ha there you go.
Remember the Chinese are buying US stock. Smart!
So tell me how all this money will help us as our planet falls apart? Money is not everything, unless you're Republican.
Of course, Wall St CEO'S drooling at how much they will be making. That's all this idiot POTUS knows to do, find ways to make rich richer
First, correlation does not imply causation.  Second, you should change your name to Trump Toadying Show.  Find some integrity, will you?
Wall Street agrees with President Trump to withdraw from Paris Accord. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
woohoo!
The @USChamber did the math and the Agreement would have destroyed US economy
Are you seriously sourcing BREIBART?! Wow.
When do you think it will all come cashing down? We act like there is no limit to profit. It is a manipulated system.
Wow that is not communistic.  Where are our Commie friends and their protests?
I HAD COFFEE THIS MORNING...DID THE BEAN MARKET GO THROUGH THE ROOF...ASSHOLES.
Guess what Wall Street the Pres is ur friend!!!
Wow what an incredibly ignorant statement to make
well, if you replace "after" with "before" then suddenly you're right!
And THIS is the real reason you did this. When ExxonMobil asked you to not pull out, you know you shouldn't have
You're a dummy.
market indexes closed at records Friday, led by gains for technology shares as investors looked past a weaker-than-expected May jobs report.
How is it working for a propaganda machine?
The 1% @GOP
Going up as a whole for quite a while now has nothing to do with you so don't pat yourself on the back for that one
Just wait. Ultimately de-regulation & tax cuts for the rich will lead to a crash greater than Bush 2008 or maybe even Hoover 1929.
Genuinely sad. Trump is destroying global relationships - it won't end well for the people. But the rich will get richer
