Who the hell cares about how much you won by, small man?

#Resign
#Resign
#Resign
#Resign
#Resign
You really cant stop self promoting!! Its so disgusting u cant stop talking about the election a yr later. Why? u know it will be your last!
Do you hear Mueller's footsteps? I do.
Are you going to go there to do another of your own Pity Party For Trump rallies?
It's all about you and your tiny hands even as Houston's infrastructure is destroyed.
what a guy, he's such a good guy,i passionately dislike this man.
i feel like i'm in an abuse relationship and can't get out.,
I hope you are wrong...
all you care about is your popularity. People in Texas are losing their homes and this is what is on your mind. #shameful @CNN

..."that I won by a lot." Jesus, could you have a smaller dick?
LMBAO!
Take your meds
I don't think anybody gives a flying f*** about that right now.
While the people in Texas suffer, you're boasting about a 'win' in '16??  #ZeroEmpathy #OvertNarcissist
With all your crime you've not introduced anything resembling a tax cut got news for ya bud Mo. Sick of your shit

Does it matter in this time of devastation

You know, most other presidents have not felt the need to continually brag about the states they won. Stop. It only makes you look immature.
Omg, stop talking about the election. You didn't win the popular vote and that means most of America didn't want you.
Most of America didn't want either candidate. Dump 26%, HRC 27%. Systemic failure
Oh god no. We don't want you.
No one does.
Yes we do, thats why we voted for him
Oh right because if I support Trump I'm automatically racist
In a word, yes.
Yeah and you support Hillary you're automatically racist also. #liberallogic

3,000,000 more Americans voted for Hillary. Never forget.

So, remember ...electoral college? Take away CA &NY ...you really lost!!!!
"Take away CA and NY" LOLOLOLOLOL
The collective Missouri IQ will go down 53% while you're in our state.
That's 53 more points than the average Missourian can afford to lose
And back to a partisan political statement. You are Jeckyll-Hyde within minutes of your own tweets. Unbelievable!
You can't say anything that doesn't immediately reflect back on you or your agenda. You have no empathy for anyone other than yourself.
Congrats on winning Missouri! Romney and McCain also won the state. Please care about all Americans, not just the states you won.
Why is it always democrats vs republicans? Always two sides with you. Can't you try to bring the nation together?
Since you are so popular, why not have a town hall here in Missouri and answer some real questions from real people. Stop hiding.

What about Illinois
"I'm sorry, but Trump's behavior is not just beneath the dignity of the Presidency...but that of any decent man" J Springer
Thanks for your opinion. However it's completely without substance or factual.Everything he does is totally PRESEDENTIAL if you remove BIAS.
It is really pitiful to watch you self stroke your fucking ego! Get the he'll out of my house!

Go away!  Resign.
people are dying in texas and you're tweeting about how you "won"... AGAIN. get over yourself and do your fucking job!
They don't want you there
Yes we do
You do but nobody else.
I Do! He will Make Missouri Great Again!
The confederate state of Missouri.
Learn history. Not a Confederate state.it was split state. the amount of bots arguing 4trump is amazing. Hard to find real ppl defending him
This Missouri person does not want him here. There are a lot of use going to protest his arrival. #ResistMO
I'm in St Louis, but I could protest. Springfield isn't that far.
And the boy child czar returns . . . No one talks like this.
"Republicans will win S!"...you should win 2 different letters..F and U.
Donny ! Shouldn't u be more concerned w drowning Americans than bragging about  a rigged election ?
No they won't!! Missouri voters will keep those Republican twatwaffles out
Do you have any decency? #petulantchild

Thank You Mr. President !!
STOP CAMPAIGNING AND DO YOUR FREAKING JOB!
Who gives a crap. Pls, stop campaigning and having rallies to boost your ego! You can talk taxes in the White House.
Republican will win S? If you mean they'll win 'shit' with your constant, ridiculous 'shit' , you're right.
So was Texas just a layover on your way to another legal fund rally? Oops my bad I mean campaign rally?
The election has been over for some time yet you can't let it go. Tragedy hits TX & this is what you tweet #arrogantbastard
STAY THE HELL OUT OF MY STATE

Nobody cares how big you win anything. STOP IT
Tax cuts should be tied to increased jobs in the United States - then it's fine. First Companies should prove they are using funds to hire.
i don't fucking think so
Let's hope the Republicans put up a true conservative who won't bow to lib pressure. Take Claire McCaskill out!
@AP4Liberty is the most principled candidate. He will not let the establishment tell him what to do. #MOSEN #AP4Senate #fireclaire
يا دونالد اعطيلي الفيزا تاع الماريكان نبدل حياتي ياني مغبون في شكوبيستان
Aargh...snoring and boring. SOS
Oh, SOS means Same Old Shit, just in case you thought it was some government department, program or praise.
Jealous???
This is insane while putting on that stupid hat to photo op in texas
1 on 1 me co scraps on
Is this all you can say, is I won by a lot. Your a horrible person, and a crappy president.
Yeah! With a lil help from the Russians! Way to go!
Who the hell cares the election has been over wake up turd.
about winning where there are people who lost everything. You are so clueless. You are not only the worst president but you are the worst
the great wonderful state of the united states that will be made great again by your wisdom is waiting....................................
Great!Texans R waist deep in h20 & ur going to MO,a state that u won by a lot! Ur approval rating is in the mid 30's. But kudos 4 Mo. win!
Guess your BIGLY brain never learn how to spell?  The word is alot not a lot
Resign now. Conduct Unbecoming.
A major city is under water and you're still talking about the election. You're a pathetic sorry excuse for a potus.
Pretty much!!!
What the fuck does that even mean?
Still patting yourself on the back eh Don??? Texas is now just in your rear view mirror, POS ..couldnt get out fast enough
Can this idiot ever focus on something other than himself??? Don't think the victims of #Harvey give 2 shits about you winning Missouri.
You focus on winning an election that you didn't really win because you're inept. Lowest approval ratings, ever. We hate you. Resign.
Seriously? I just can't with you.
Why MUST you always put in your praise of yourself no matter what you are talking about? Should only be thinking of Texas citizens!!!
how about no
Nobody cares that you won in '16! "Winning" got you hired, but you barely show up to work and your performance is abysmal! "You're fired!!"
FOR GOD'S SAKE.  Trump should not be having "rallies" for re-election or any other reason right now.
"The focus must be life and safety" not your poll numbers jack ass
What is wrong with you?
Dear me ,  did you go to school ?  you are a total joke the world over, just resign !
They're stupid here. They'll believe every lie you spew, along with your hate and divisiveness. #Resign
So let me see if I understand, you just photo-oped in Corpus Christi & then your photo-op Austin. And then off to Missouri for a ego strokes
Dude! Yes I called you dude, because your not acting like a President, I scaned the FAKE MSM! And I can't find where Missouri is flooding!
Good luck as you've alienated your party against you. All talk and hubris. It you've accomplished near nothing. Worse president in history
I think I will move now.
You are talking about winning when human beings are trapped in Houston?!?!
Get over yourself. Stop rehashing and take care of country business TODAY. We don't care about the past; we care about now.
Quite wasting tax dollars on your ridiculous campaign rallies and do some real work !
Congratulions to move out on the earth warming agreement. Hope it will me your last decision
It's always about you isn't it????!!!!
Speaking for millions of Missourians, you're not welcome.
We love you in Missouri Mr. President!
you were quoted in an article by @nytimes
He is beyond out of touch.....
The campaign is over. We do not care which states you won. We need a president, a leader. Have you seen Houston?? ~Concerned Texan
Have you seen the million dollars that he donated to houston?
Read this 
Please come to California, please don't forget about us
Mistake to go there while there's a major catastrophe in the USA. Common sense.
Tax cut and roll backs on bank regulation. That's what puts money in American hands.
#Narcissist #PatheticLeader
ON track to spend more travel money in one yr than Obama did in 8. Wasting our tax dollars! SAD!
With S.E Texas being destroyed, you brag on yourself? You are DEPLORABLE!!!
Your a state of Missouri
@realDonaldTrump just stop. We're DYING. LITERALLY in Texas and your effing bragging about winning a state? I am ashamed to be a republican
Another campaign rally?  Loser in Chief!
No no no
ego, ego, and complete flip-flop on the big fat stock market bubble, replacing yellen and going after the federal reserve. you are a fraud
GOD BLESS TRUMP!
the devil wears Prada
Please release your tax returns so we can see how you will enrich yourself
YESSSSSSS YOU WON!!!!! KILLARY LOST.  THEY NEED TO GET OVER IT SNOWFLAKES
who cares
Tax cut have worked ever time they are passed. Higher taxes have never worked to helping people get jobs, unless you count gov. jobs.
Never forget who won without RUSSIA!!!
The current governor has proposed us to be a sanctuary state. Make California a sanctuary state. Your problems would be over. The only state
Wow, such hateful ppl replying to this tweet!!! Attack like dogs. Makes me sick.
Hopefully no one will pardon 45.
More evidence that #DelusionalDonald has brain syphilis than Mexico will pay for wall
It's not about you, especially when our fellow Americans are suffering due to the hurricane caused by climate change!!!
I don't care that he goes anywhere. But I don't understand why everything has to do with "won by a lot". Whys it always about u @POTUS?
Ew. I'm from Missouri, and this is embarrassing. Also best stay away from STL.
"...I won by a lot!" Half of Texas is under water you ridiculous, infantile little man. Grow up.
So glad to see you trying to work with Dems. NOT perhaps if you did maybe you would accomplish more.
Don't you have other things to worry about? Do your job or quit.
Don't forget to tell then u don't believe in climate change lol
You are ridiculous
U R so disgusting. Who the hell cares if U win &by what percentage. Get over yourself. Nobody cares how U won they only care if U leave
How much money do you need. You can survive on what you have? The 1% wants more, for what!! #greedy #impeachtrump #you'realiar
Your so freaking crazy! Your poor wife!
Why are you tweeting about your "win" during a national disaster? You need to get your head out of the clouds!
Houston is under water and you're bragging about how many votes you got last year? You're awful #worstpresidentever
Trump! Look in the mirror. Look deep into your own eyes.  You will see what Americans hate. There's nothing in there! @cnalive @funder @BBC
'Won by a lot!' You're not even clever enough to quote the margin!
You pompous windbag. Nobody cares that you"won by a lot". Just like you had the largest crowds ever. They were huge.
You are a man without a conscience and you are incapable of empathy. You are mentally ill.
build a wall for the homeless of the storm, lean on it and wonder of waste of money instead of public health care and housing
Who cares what numbers you won by!
you are...ugh
You lost the popular vote by 3 million! 46% of the people did not vote out of disgust!
The election is over. So you won the race but you will lose the presidency BIGLY!  Gonna go down in history as worst prez EVER!
you tweeted good about Texas then blow it with your next tweet. I keep trying
You are a hollow man, if it is a man you even be
