GOP about to pass secret health care bill while they think no one’s paying attention. And it's really bad, folks.
This bill sounds just as bad as the last one.  Why is McCain on board this time, then?
Well, we don't know that for a fact.
I'm sure he's been purchased by the Kocks and Mercer this time.  

Hopefully Collins and Murkowski +1 will stand up for Americans this time
Mercers hate McCain.
Mueller just obtained a warrant that could change the entire nature of the Russia investigation 
Go away, racist
Trump Administration Won’t Withdraw from Paris Climate Deal. Great! I have whiplash from the about-face though
. (trusting that) good news?
'Mean'while, his reweave is glowing white hot, as if ready to burst into f/ire.
It's good news, but he did this sudden change and changed his stance on taxing the 1%. What is going on?
Burning Trump 'MAGA' hats: furious right-wing Trump fans set their hats on fire 
This would be Karma-or humorous-or reassuring except for the fact they are burning them because Trump is not racist enough for them
Time to step up education. Being racist is as silly as judging someone by how straight their teeth are.
Advertising spends millions making sure we all judge each other on our packaging-calls us all losers until we buy their 'whitening' products
And why do all the teeth whitening actors have white teeth? So no matter how white yours are-you will still think you need the product-lol
Advertisers create a low sense of self esteem based on material things. Our core values define us 
sad way to run a society except for mental health workers-imagine running your family like that-actually mine did...lol-explains my peeve
Stop panicking. Liberals are trolling heavy today
Yes they are. Misty 10-20 follower paid bots though. Easily blocked and forgotten.
His words don't worry me at all. Not sure he recognises some of the scum deep state in front of him at times. He's too nice a guy sometimes
Read the Art of the Deal. More flies with honey than vinegar
Your mass exodus theory will never happen. Your not going to throw the money we have spent. They need to pay back what we invested in them.
Can you just shut up!Please!

"WHERE WERE YOU BORN?" 
- 'our nations'.
Why are you shaking your wife's hand??   She's not a hired staffer.  Oh, wait...
Fake news. Lol
But with this administration, apparently not the Constitution.
You are incompetent, a horrible racist Nazi scum bag
even nazis?
Yes you will be protected as well.
He will flip on this too -like the wall. Bet he converts to Islam.
Like you??
No, like you!
Trump Mr. North Korea Unless it has to be annihilated  Dialogue line does not repair Islam in the East China Sea
Who is OUR and what is OUR way of life exactly?
Our....is United Americans
Oooohh. I see. I wasn't aware that we were United my bad.
Regardless of your political views. We all dream of peace and prosperity. United
All of us don't dream of peace are you joking? Do you just choose not to acknowledge domestic terrorists or are you unaware?
You are a clear and present danger to our nation.
#loser
WE wiLl dEfEnd our pEoPlE, oUr nAtioNs aNd oUr cIviLizaTiOn fRoM All whO dAre to tHrEatEn Our waY Of lIfe
Then stop sending our troops away... keep them home...where OUR people live...
You threatened them first
Cool man. Super awesome

Except if your black, Mexican,Trans,Jewish. Muslim  or a dreamer  we can't help you ..thats all folks

While we are st it. Can we stop threatening other people's way of life.
#CHIP & health center funding expired nearly 2 weeks ago. GOP House chose 2 head home early today and ignore calls of terrified families.
Dissembling or downplaying the extent of consequences of US hostility to North Korea will get Trump and Moon Jae-in nowhere.
I gotta admit since youve been in power there has been no major terrorist incidents on american soil where as your predecessors have failed
*only applies to white, christian, heterosexual males...
A true President for America!!!  Thank you @realDonaldTrump for your amazing leadership!!! #Trump2020
Pure crap! Makes me feel sick!
also defend ur money, dont waste money over pakistan,who consider osama  bin laden hero.
Who's Gonna Defend Us From DemocRAT's ??
No need to. They are self-destructing as we speak.
They Have a New Game -> Spread Rumors That Trump is Going Back On Promises

First #DACADeal LIES

Now  This...
A White House spokesperson denied the reports that Trump is staying in the Paris Climate Accord. https://www.axios.com/no-trump-isnt-staying-in-the-paris-climate-deal-2486157904.html?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=organic …
Nothing.

Have you seen the lunacy in the comments to that tweet?
No Need to Bother

Trolls Have 3 Arguments On EVERY Issue

1. Racist

2. Russia

3,  Nazi - White Supremacist

They Can't Talk -They Parrot
Polly want a cracker (that's racist talk for white person)
Shhhh...

If They Hear the Word "Cracker" ... They'll Parrot That For 6 Months
YOU threaten our way of life.  Your conceit born from contempt for those you can't control is a threat to peace, unity & democracy. #Resign
Right on Donald! President Trump.
unless "we" have a foot boo-boo, in which case "we" will let others fight & die while "we" stay home & live the good life
Thanks so much...Really good...Just a quick question..You think that WE includes his sons?
I'm sure they're as cowardly as he is ..
The foot thing is probably a genetic disorder...God knows the rest of their problems are...
Ur way of life is not 'our' way of life no matter how you slice it. Keep thinking that as u wonder "Why can't they do like me?" #inheritance
That's okay. He's not too fond of you communists either.
Not sure who you are referring to or if I qualify as a defender of #widows & #fatherless #james127 Can't say the same for DJT.
How about you defend American widows & fatherless?  Do you do that?
If I put the words "illegal immigrant" in front of "homeless veteran" would you be more inclined to help him?
Do you protest & fight for American children who lose their parents to our prison system.
Do you ask a judge not to imprison a bank robber so his children won't suffer the consequences?
also defend your money,which u r wasting on pakistan, who consider osama bin laden hero & making u fool.
@seanhannity In Spite of corrupt ObamaHilarySOROs Swamp DEMsAmerica is having an Awakeing Folks Dirty DemSS slithering away from
Love the USA. Don't like it Leave!
FEMA auctioned disaster trailers before Harvey made landfall. What? What? Are you kidding me with this?
Hold on hurricane victims, we'll get back to you when the auction is over.
Can you elaborate?
If you want to protect America then you should resign immediately.
We should protect our country from traitors who cooperate with Russia, one of our enemies.
You mean like the DNC? LOL I'd love to finally see some documentation on the Trump/Russia bs everyone likes to use as talking points #tired
Me tooooooooooooo..All this talk and the only ones that have benefited from Russia is the Clinton's .
Exactly
GROUND THE AIR FORCE-THE MASSIVE FLOODS WILL STOP-U'V BEEN HAD TRUMP OR UR DUMB-The Chemtrail Cover-Up https://youtu.be/DTxvWLrUeE8  via @YouTube
High Bypass Turbofan Jet Engines, Geoengineering, And The Contrail Lie    http://www.geoengineeringwatch.org/the-contrail-lie/ …
You are incapable of defending or doing much of anything.
Stop spreading propaganda deal with facts not hear says. Or from an informer holds no water!
SHUT UP #TRUMP!!!!
White supremacist terrorists threat in our way of life, but you coddle them and make excuses about #BothSides! You are a hypocrite!
As a black, I am far more likely 2b murdered by a black than a white supremacist. Our way of life is already threatened-Chicago, Baltimore..
Can u send me a pic of you thru messager?
Yeah, I think we're on the same page. I'm not sure a pic would be proof. It's probably a 30 something white alt right guy.
I don't give a fig whether you believe my racial background or not. The fact remains. Any black in America is far more likely to be killed..
...by another black than by a white supremacist.
Cool picture quote, brah
Amen
Strength!
YOU are threatening our way of life!
well Mr. Trump you are doing a great job at threatening "OUR way of life" -I don't think it will affect your way of life(for the time being)
Tweet if you need help
@foxnation @foxandfriends nope, US creating its own danger with its global occupation, wars & constant "threats". US perceived as dark star.
ALLY WITH RUSSIA
Mr President! Send in the SEALS!
We will not have a way of life because our Pres is a moron.  He is literally a complete idiot. We will be blown to bits by his enemies
Got pleonasm?
You are threatening our way of life.
You are the #1 threat to the American war of life
Thanks for keeping america first
Sorry No wall no Trump
Go Trump!!!!
Think in the people of North Korea who don't deserve a war.
Love kurdestan
And the transgender personnel
You are America and the world's #1 enemy.
I so agree with POTUS. Why wait till the launch. Unless?? We have the capabilities to shoot it down @ a 98% margin of success rate. MAGA. 
Is Russia included?
LOL if you elaborate you'll be in trouble. If they ain't Republican voters, white, and wealthy, you odn't give a rat's ass
YOU ARE OUT OF YOUR MIND. YOU, yourself, are the biggest threat to this country. You have sold America out to our enemy & you are a TRAITOR!
Really!  Yet you stand behind white supremacy!  Home grown terrorist!
Ironic that you're twitter handle is @realDonaldTrump when you're the fakest excuse for a human on the face of the planet.
We will denounce & resist all efforts by Delusional Donnie to attack our Constitution, freedoms & our people w/his fascist authoritarianism!
Yes . . Which is why you will be impeached. Glad you agree!
Can't defend me if @USAGSessions lets crooked politicians escape justice. & use Fbi, cia, nsa as a deep state revenge army against citizens*
You have really disappointed me on this DACA deal they need to freaking go tired of my tax money going to Losers.

Get some of these damm Federal Judges do the same
Yes, we will. That's why we are working to defend our country from you and your ilk.
What we? You faked your way out of actually serving your country so there's no "we", there are the brave who willingly serve though.
All you who are dissing our President are guilty of Treason. Mutiny on the bounty!!!
Then resign were safe. I hate you
Mueller will see to the domestic terrorists in the WH who dare to threaten our country. #ClubFed #LockThemUp #ImpeachTrump
Who will defend us from you.
What a hard-ass we have for president. Totally irresponsible!
What a fantastic statement :^) I am a veteran as well

Alert YT >   Fire in the Gorge, No One Putting Them Out Sept 16, 2017   <
by Christina Beauchamp Who is starting the fires ?
Like violent diplomacy??
America is a civilization of double standards, manipulators, cynics, hypocrites, speculators, exploiters, racists, homophobic... (2/3)
Quit antagonizing them you hypocrite.
The world love you our president!!
  I would like to tell you about North Korea issue. 
why we dont make air prohibited area on North Korea?
sir please help biafrains the killing is too much
MR.PRESIDENT PENTAGON sprayed Texas:NALID,DANGEROUS NEUROTOXIN Florida:CITIZENS ABLE TO STOP SPRAY in 2016 DON'T KNOW 2017-PLEASE OUTLAW USE
Right now don, you are the biggest threat to the American way of life.
Then what about Dearborn Mi.?  'our' way of life is gone there.
My way of life is just peachy in Dearborn. Wtf are you talking about?
sir!!!we #biafrans supported you cos we thought you will be our saviour but we were wrong people are dying #savebiafra
You are the threat. #Resign
YOU need to keep your Poland promises to US!
Hell yes every day every month and every year for now on go President Trump you are great
Still trying to get your war going, are you?
Donnie boy; That means you must go. Back to failing businesses, cheap "beauty" pageants and brokering eastern-European "escorts."
gotta protect trump's right to treat women (including daughters) like dogs and people of color as servants to abuse
All the hateful tweets from the libitards. Still hoping they continue with entitlements. My President will restore law and order!
Just for your information. Donny is suppose to be everyone so what I see he once again lied.sad for our children how he is screwing allof us
You're what we need to be defended from.  Do us all a favor and move to Russia!
Our country needs defense against you Satan 
Praying that there will be a peaceful resolution & that this evil leader will be taken down by his own people.
With your golf balls?
YOUR way of life, or the AMERICAN way of life? YOU are a bigger threat to the US than anything/one else. #ResignNow
Mr President, we can't let them undermine us with immigration. Yes to our constitution.
So chanting USA at sporting events in CA schools is unacceptable now? Who are we offending by doing that? What's wrong with that?
Unless they're gay....transgendered.... immigrants.....not white...
I would not expect less !
Happy Birthday! Thank you for everything you are doing and trying to accomplish against the huge corruption in the government Be blessed
That's why the #resistance will not stop until you, the insane PRICKTATOR is gone.
Hillary & all smart Americans know you are a danger 2 usa
Yes but when you say " our" in some of your speeches you refer to "our side", after referring to the side sans kkk as the other side.
#MAGA
thanks américain who work on army Big up
No Donald THEY DEFEND my nation....from all who threaten our way of life? IMPEACH TRUMP
So glad I voted for you. MAGA
U.S.A.F. veteran. Defend America Mr. President, I will to my last breath.
Especially worried about crazy North Korea.
Go Trump !!!
Please stop the Flag Burners! It's just not right!
You and @GOP threaten my life.  Who will defend me?
How about defending us from that racist billionaire who thinks he can grab women by the pussy and is helping to destroy our planet.
Draft dodger
https://twitter.com/EmekaGift/status/909446454892261376 …
White supremacists threaten our way of life!
Not helpful
You're threatening our way of life
venezuela
Who will defend us from you? Oh, yeah. This guy
It is sad to listen some Americans calling Russian, our enemies where are the enemies from within or without?
I don't want to see japan/Korean citizens killed in war, but if usa continues  sanctions in stead of force, consequence will be greater.
Does this include your idiot of a president ????? Hes causing alot of it
Just another #cheetoinchief fan with a double chin and a big gun to make up for his tiny dick
In Gods Name, please save this Earth and resign immediately....
EU being CONQUERED, Canada being CONQUERED, Mexico and the south are cesspools, and Korea shooting missiles over Japan... good luck.
Yes! Go Trump! We are America, the Land of the Free & Brave! In Texas they say "Don't Mess With Texas" adding "America!" N Korea get a life!
South Korea help America and yourselves today! Now! ASAP! 
You mean our nation?
Amen
which means WE THE PEOPLE NEED TO DEFEND OURSELVES FROM YOU
I hope the defense of your civilization will respect sovereignty and territorial integrity of other nations
to quote yourself - well done love, now go and sit at the edge of the stage love
This is to thank you for giving your best to see that those who survived the Hurricanes HARVEY and IRMA, in TX. FL as well as
Finally thank you for being there when it really counts.

Q: why isn't our media covering that Trump clandestinely met w/the new Russian envoy last Friday and only Russian media was invited? #Maddow
@POTUS Still waiting for that "..fire and fury like the world has never seen." Oh, yes...and the "Wall" too. What? Impotent you say? #SoSad
If defending your people calls for bigotry and ignorance, you're in the wrong place. Your hatred is one of the biggest threats around.
Thankyou Potus.
I could not be prouder of our president than I am right now. Stay true to your values and love of America Mr President. You are loved.
You are the biggest threat to our way of life. Leave office before you are dragged out In cuffs
4) The Pentagon is Still Arming Syrian Rebels up to $2B in Spendings -
#NoAmnesty
What's this "we"shit? Even though you get a little excited when you get to sit in big trucks we all know that you would never risk yourself
When you need Trump, but do not want him he will be there for US When you want Trump after he MAGA but no longer need him. He will move on
Cunt
You had a chance to be part of that, but took deferments, remember?
That is if they aren't black, Hispanic, gay, transgender, anything that isn't a white man
Then get rid of illegals our biggest threat DACA they burn our flag their kids give u the finger wake up

every time i see footage of north korean soldiers marching, i can't help but think they're practicing for a broadway chorus line.
The Kim Jong Rockettes.
Then do something about our idiots in the California government. Never vote blue!
It's bullshit.we are letting thee Mexican  artell run a state in america.fuxk that
