And this  beautiful creature only has 4 words for you.  @dave_castel @junren65 @weiland_jen @Sydfalcorules @RKJ65 @bartenderResist @onsamf
#Trash
Absolutely, the whole Trump family is trash.
Haha aw little liberal. You couldn't even match the respect and statues the Trump's have. That's ok I think your trailer is rolling away
Statues? Aw, Trump does love his poorly spelled, poorly grammared swampies. You meant status, right? Wrong placement of apostrophe, too. 
Aw, come on. We should applaud her effort. Unlike with most Trump supporters, what she wrote almost looked like English.
Haha and liberals can't even tell a gender! Hahahaha! Going to be a long 7 for you then!
Seven? Financial Economics?  Didn't you mean to brag 7 and a half? RKJ, I never knew anyone who can't count being in finance. Trump U.
This  handsome, distinguished man, who goes by the name of #RobertMueller wants a playdate w/ you.  @weiland_jen @junren65 @RKJ65 @onsamf
And while Mueller has assembled team of badass superstars, Trump's lawyers are goons who get laughed at on cable news.


Hey yall still mad?
Great first day with world leaders at the #G20Summit here in Hamburg, Germany. Looking forward to day two! #USA https://...
I asked the guy I thought robbed my house if he did and he said no so I guess that's that. Weird though, he has my bike.
Can they keep you?
Isaiah 41:13
For I, the #Lord your #God, will #hold your right #hand, Saying to you, ‘Fear not, I will #help you.’
What a cuck
Mr President, there's a lady calling jihad here somewhere close

Any word on Mayor De Blasio? 
Did he survive the water cannons & riot police? Hope he's ok & safe in a comfortable German jail cell!
Keeping you all lifted up in prayer.
You need rest, sir. Go to bed, you work way to hard to MAGA. Thank you, good night
you are a fraud.
Case is point.
Stay in Germany please!!!
Oh, nein!!
Where's the Putin pics? Glad Angela has moved to leader pf the free world. #MALA
You & Putin having a sleepover? You guys are sooo chummy! Unfortunately, he's not that into you bro. #PutinPuppet
AWESOME JOB TODAY!

So many angry liberals today! I thought you did great! 
Howe can he do great when the other children won't even play with him.
Looks like he knows where your hand has been.
Oh, look, handshakes!
Day 2: tRUMP CLAIMS, everybody here is talking about who killed tupac and biggie. SAD!
Sad to know that nothing has been accomplished between you and the Russian dictator and that he said he did not hack the election


Putin must've been thrilled to hear how little confidence you have in US intelligence services. Did he offer good discount on FSB svcs?
#ФСБ
I don't understand you liberals at all you people don't make sense for our President Trump meeting with Putin today the 1st time

We're not. Tired of you making an ass with your idiocies at the G20. Thanks for making American's look stupid when you & Putin rigged it!
Heard it was a riot! Fun times
Disgusting
3 Years, 6 Months, 12 Days, 17 Hours, 26 Minutes, and 34 Seconds
@POTUS Wow amazing Thank you POTUS TRUMP TO#MAGA US.

Goog
#Putin jokes with #Trump about journalists. Recall that Putin had multiple journalists murdered.
Man, that Putin sounds more like Hillary Clinton then doesn't he?!
@TheFarmacist111 is a fake account, Trump PR troll.

here are a few of the fake accounts it follows :
Pedophile's being arrested finally but Still Trump hasn't done shit to remove the elite pedos like Clintons & Podesta,  so he still sucks

Here's the real picture of the little man no one wants to talk to

Great job setting us up to allow Russia further access to our computer systems. Great job not pushing Putin to stay the f*** out.
Stay there.  We hate you.
Awesome job President Trump! We are proud of you!!

PUTIN made Merkel wait for 4 hrs, Obama for 40 min.
Putin showed up EARLY for his meeting with Trump. Our President is no pushover.
#MAGA





Can't wait for more people to bypass your handshakes. 
Did you order one milkshake and two straws with Putin?
I heard that Podesta talk was allllll the rage at the G20 Summit! Nothing got done because Podesta Podesta Podesta!
@realdonaldtrump's forte is pettifogging.
Keep up the memes!
We shall Meme CNN back to the Stone Age!
Every time CNN tries to hit Trump.
Time to throw CNN out of the WH press briefings.
Yes because memes are easy and words... well words are hard because you know that reading and writing stuff.
They respect America they don't respect trump they just have to work with him so of course they play nice. Welcome to world politics
I thought you guys were all for standing up to nations screwing with the usa?


Saw it already. So what
Are you this petty all the time?  Get off his twitter with your negativity
Was it a "great first day" because you met Vladimir Putin?
Was it a "great first day" because you angered Mexico again - An ally that you've alienated?
Was it a "great first day" because you missed the meeting about climate change?
Was it a "great first day" because you finally found somewhere to stay after your team failed to book a hotel room for you?
JESUS IS COMING THE RAPTURE IS NEAR. OBAMA IS A CLONE BY THE VATICAN AND THE FALLEN ANGELS
That was great Sir thank you all beauty which everhone can see,ABC fake news shouldnt be there
God speed Mr. President.
Nobody likes you, you can see it on all of their faces.
Plz  bomb Jonun North Korea
How did it feel to be standing so far away from the center of attention? It was phenominal!
You look in over your head in every single photo!! #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow
Trump was the turd in the swimming pool at #G20summit.
We love U Mr. President Trump! 
Your a dock.
Go Trump
    Go Trump
        Go
@POTUS 
Great job President Trump, you've made us proud. 
In your handshake collage, you forgot the one where you reached out to shake Putin's hand and he left you hanging for a while. Sad.
I just love Nancy Pelosi.
Me too! Smart lady unlike mr Cheeto
Wow you love seeing your in pictures #RealNews @CNN @MSNBC @ABC PLS do reruns of past G20's so we can see how #RealPresidents act #Resist
@WhiteHouse @POTUS Who's your vladdy, 44.5?  Your team met with kremlin lawyer in 2016. THIS IS NOT GOING AWAY. NOTE: vladdy made you reach
We the people are thrilled you are our President.!
Even though you looked like a wandering lost wombat?


That's what I call a Winner! MAGA!
2 days of being disrespected and laughed at as you diminish American prestige.
We went from the most eloquent, competent president ever to you. You, with your limited vocabulary and minimal work ethic.
Maybe on day 2 the protesters will break in and do the job Congress won't do.
Those poor people. Two days of your boorish behavior. #Impeach45 #25thThe45th
Love you and the first lady.Thanks for making us look good,unlike 44.
excellent work president Trump!
Awesome!
....is it always the poor struggling people who sacrifice the most only 2 get kicked N the teeth 4 it? We follow the rules.
#Podesta ... List of 75 Corrupt and/or Potentially Criminal Actions Identified in John Podesta’s Emai
President Xi is playing u like a fiddle and ur playing Putin's flute

You were there? #MIA
... recognize this fact & to lead those under them in changing how we live so that we can stop the mad March towards oblivion.
Why was Obama at the summit meeting
B blessed Mr Prez☆☆♡☆☆
You are an embarrassment to our country!
The rest of the world doesn't think you're qualified, either. No respect. No confidence. Resign.
pardon Rod Blagoevich. OJ gets paroled Governors get light sentences and Rod gets 14 Years! Drain the swamp show mercy
ANALYSIS: A world without US leadership - ABC News - http://abcn.ws/2sSghOT  via @ABC

Thanks for all you do for us Mr. President, I have never been prouder in all my 53 years.
May it be a resounding success!
I can't believe America still thinks it's funny to keep this guy as president. Wtf#trump is president.
You're Putin's ass kisser.
Wenn Kim Jong Un so etwas gepostet hätte, wäre das Lachen über derart selbstherrliche Propaganda groß gewesen. So wirkt es eher traurig.
You're the best #POTUS ever. Love you, man!
THEY are the wrold's leaders, you? not so much.....
I love this video…it gives us hope for peace and what diplomacy should look like. I mean if it would have a look. Genuine
Please try not to embarrass the US citizens Sir.
And meanwhile the Donald duck continues, kua, kua, kua, kua. . He has the respect of a trash bag inside and outside the country.
If u r serious of India dont give 
a fish to eat .Give the technology to catch fish effectively.we hope u can understand.

Without speaking or tweeting, Trump almost looks Presidential!  Except when he's making those awful faces, of course.

Blistering. And accurate. This is how they see us. 
How can u shake Trudeau's hand after paying a$10M reward this week 2 a terrorist who killed an American soldier?
Great COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF
You and your family .... Making Aerica proud!
Need a real President not a fake your a joke
crazy Japan abe
crazy abe Sinzou

Holy smokes. Australian journalist provides one of the most brutal takedowns of Trump I've heard in a while.  

Gee, pictures of you shaking hands and talking to a few people. That means nothing. Not a single one of them trusts you or agrees with you.
That's not what they say 
Let me guess your thoughts...most of the world leaders were incompetent and barely spoke English. SAD!!
Reporters have nothing better to do than ask what did you and V. PUTIN talk about so they can then filter.4 words None! Of! Their! Business!
☞https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/883469033059864578 …
Why not,
just fly back to the Statesw/@FLOTUS 
and
leave the #G20Summit clean up to Yael Kushner αkα@IvankaTrump
Sir, why is Obama there? He's up to no good.
You became the biggest bad joke on the planet Tangerine Traitor Trump!
Yah! Cuz I bet you're the popular kid right?! Lmao
Did you grope anyone?
Great, huh? If you believe Faux News, then yeah, sure.

When you find the best meme that ever existed on Twitter...  But you're not American ;3; #ICriEvertiem
Face it, you BOMBED!
You are ruining my country's importance to the world. All you know is take, take, take. Shame on you.
一代枭雄！载入史册！
And you, Mr. Trump, are a minority of one. The only government leader too greedy to put the people of their country before their bank acct!

Thank you for the video, make us proud and stand up for our country which I know you will do. God Bless you and family and God Bless America
Some handshake embarrassment s- are you coming on to them or what??
#25AmendmentNow #25AmendmentNow #25AmendmentNow #25AmendmentNow #25AmendmentNow #25AmendmentNow #25AmendmentNow #25AmendmentNow
Nice hunched seating posture. Did you kiss Putins hand?
As long as it was only his hand...
@chucktodd Report. Correct Fake Poland 1st lady did shake Pres hand, great trip also many  want @MariaBartiromo as host of @foxnewssunday
did you  send  your  boy pal chocolates  and red roses.  Holding  hands and defending  you didn't  rig the election
Lmao 
Whats it like being with world leaders when are not one
@fcorpaci     Love you President Trump  you make me so proud of our country with you in charge. MAGA. Support military &
We are witnessing a failed Presidency for only second time in over 200 yrs...
Love this
Day two of people who hate you( pretending to like you)...
Nothing will be resolved re Russia. We are not interested in treason


@realDonaldTrump What a joke this bloke is:
https://uk.yahoo.com/news/donald-trump-sued-blocking-people-twitter-092100082.html …
Get a grip, man. You are the laughing stock of the new G19.
ar you Crazy? You will doed the world finish! Late it donote that!
My president is great, great, great ,great. So there u protesters that are being paid to protest.he is the best, like lincoln
Vcix frzrccifccd rxrtrcu i.
#Turd
Juicyvf
Pm
Pm
Pm
Patur
Patricjajones
Patriciajones
You make me feel safe again! Can you please leave Syria? Russia might help with NOKO.

Next stop bohemian grove?
Impeachment is coming sir
What a packed itinerary. I could not be prouder of you.
Every one loves President Trump..here are their remarks today..I voted for Trump,I love Trump,I wish they would leave him alone. Swnews WV
Saw you on FOX we can tell who the Top Dog is over there. TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP
POTUS let them all know you resent them giving any credence to The ex Obama by meeting with him! Unless they rather do business with him
Let's cheer up this new and stupid clown in our old American circus. He just made America's look stupid again.
a great day for nepotism.  You and your whole family are a shitstain on american history.
If only you knew what you were doing there..I'm sure you know the whole world is laughing at you...
Complicated times and I am proud to have you representing me, my family, and our Nation.  Thank you President Trump
Proud of you, Mr. President. Must be great to love and trust your family as much as you do.
