I agree. It is my opinion that it's time to take that money back.
Trump flip flopped
Yes, but there is a method to his madness. He is merely agreeing to talk. I trust whatever deal he makes. 
Great.. now lecture the author of The Art of the Deal on how to complete his deal.
Then why don't you and Kim Jong-Un go duke it out on another planet where the nuclear fallout won't reach the rest of us?
Me? He said he’s not going to talk any more, but now he’s changed his mind and going to talk? I think that’s better than war, but it’s not what he boasted about.
NO MORE TALK PARSIERTENT Tro mp! talking is boaring make americo great agin soon mony  mony mony cant belive my faCE!!!! Demerit
and again - In English ?
@realDonaldTrump 'Playing' with a missile is like playing with fire? Lives were endangered.
@realDonaldTrump We cannot sit around anymore and watch this ''Boy Toy''' play around with missiles, It's ridiculous.
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @nytimes
Jesus, the turnaround on these keep getting faster.
No, but you and KJU stripping down to sumo outfits and wrestling in jello is the answer. And potentially bigger ratings than your inauguration.
Yeah. This tweet held up just fine 
lol welp 
This tweet didn’t age well.
Boy well show us,because with ur record of saying bald faced lies,and ur bald lol I wouldn't listen to u to save my life and I hole heartedly mean that,I would rather die,than ever follow u,or be involved with u in any way,# impeach trump #resist tyranny #LockHimUp #resist
What about North Korea having a sudden surge in N.
 Weapons capability.  It was reported that your friends in Russia aided them.  
Funny how this went down on your watch!  
Don't care , where's Stormy ? , is North Korea a shit hole ? Are you really knocked down under 200 ? How many W.H. employee have gone through ? Have you ever filed taxes ? How do you not let all the lies bother you ?
 I guess right now it’s good to talk to Lurch from NK!  Take a stand ya lop and stick to it maybe just once? FFS.
Yea, stable genius, you’ve got all the answers 
There is a Trump Tweet for every occasion.
Whoops...
We don’t pay them anything. You’re lying. Is that possible?
Take your own advice. Stop talking. Stop tweeting.
Still confused about the whole 'nuclear will annihilate us all' thing, huh?
i really pray that god can touch and i pray that he can prevent any bad things you're about to cause and i pray that YOU realize what
i don't know why you have no type of feelings towards us. not all mexicans are bad people. OUR PEOPLE. HISPANIC people ARE WORKING for YOU!!
Why are you responding to the wrong thread?  Don't Twitter much do you?
Blowing up everyone is also NOT the answer!!!
How does one in authority "legally" send tax payers money abroad and  then share it with the dictator of that country the money was sent to?
they dont...YET Osama bin Barack @BarackObama, sent billions to Iran...oh wait some how that was okay...when it clearly was NOT
Paying them is not the answer either. No more money!
If you won the Lotto,  would it change your life?  N. Korea has their Lotto!  $ to N. Korea Does work!
As sad as this, it's time activate all enlisted and reinstate the draft. Mandate all of 17 years of age to register.
Just don't excuse anybody for " bone spurs "
You sir, are a #ClearAndPresentDanger to this country. You Sir, #AreTheProblem.
No your "regressive" , appeasement, divide the country on econ, divide the country on race, divide the country on law/order, add 14T to debt, & open border agenda is the clear & present danger. Need to scrap 44's Alinsky crap and MAGA @POTUS
Well instead of tweeting about it do something that helps the situation and doesn't mean blood shed you absolute burk

The only thing better than talking, is listening.  You don't appear to be doing.  The pentagon/military have said this goes nuclear quickly.

War is not the answer either.  I thought you are the great negotiator.  I guess another lie!

Hey, Donnie Littlehands, what happened to this strong boy position?
Hey Don. Could you not tweet about nukes, please? K, thanks.
@KT_So_It_Goes thereisalwaysatweet
your father is looking down on you sir
Hello, can somebody take his phone? Hello, somebody, anybody. Kelly, Jared, Ivanka. Is anybody home?
Let me guess... Tweeting is
So now what? Changed your mind?
Is @realDonaldTrump taking Stormy Daniels to the meeting? ? Asking for Americans #DonaldTrumpIsABum #TrumpIsAMoron #TrumpColluded
Welp, it’s been nice knowing everybody #Trump
Kim is playing you like a fiddle! This meeting will allow him to say you respect him as an equal!
You should take your own advice on this one!  They are not giving up their nukes!
Dm
No words for your ignorance!
You started up with your really stupid comments,this is the result of your thoughtlessness remarks!  We stand of the brink of another god damn war, but this war might kill everything but the damn cockroaches! Thanks asshole from a shithole family!
Thank you president Trump for your generosity to the American people. God will bless you.
Thank you
what the hell is wrong with you? Lunatic old man
#TrumpDangerouslyStupid
The U.S. has been talking to North Korea, and paying them extortion money, for 25 years. Talking is not the answer!...
#25thAmendmentNow 
#ImpeachTrump @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @Senategop @housegop   #Occupy #MuellerTime #TheResistance  Happy Halloween
Trump = a__hole
It's too bad you got stuck with 20 years of bad political policies that hurt this nation!
Why don't you and Kim wrestle each other on pay-per-view?
Quickly kill Kim Jung Eun

So does this mean no peace in our time? What does the President has in mind? A golf course and hotel!

‘If We Have [Nuclear Weapons], Why Can’t We Use Them?’ 
Oh boy!
战争更不是一个好的答案
both are mad
WHEN NO ONE TALKS TO NO ONE, NOT WORDS BUT LIFES WILL FALL
If you don't back up your comments with a devastating military response, Iran will be next and you doomed our children!
Tell ya what, Give the fat little $20 for a decent haircut and call it a day....
But now it is ok because why? Stop flipping sides faster than a goddamn burger! Help PR and USVI and shut the fuck up about #kneeling.
Why dont trump and his followers go to korea and blow each other up! Leave innocent civilians out of it tf!
I agree let's flat them
Talk is cheap.
Action is satisfaction.
I think you need to watch "WarGames" again cos you need a strategy here
You silly little man. Talking is always the answer. Always. Your job, though clearly tricky, is to find out how to do that.
Your administration may make some progress with NK in spite of you.
Donald do the world a favour shut up and stop tweeting loose lips sinks ships go and have a game of golf
But TWEETING, on the other hand...  
Do something.  It’s been a month.
Talking is always the answer
Drop the MOAB!  Get 'r done!
Please  Mr.  President  stop the extortion money and consider them  terrorists.
No but apparently tweeting is
MAGA
Why is this not a surprise.
坚持
our president is sad
You are idiot extroidinerer!!!! I don't expect you to know definition.  Too dumb and vocabulary is too limited.
TRUMP !!! THIS IS A AN AMERICAN SPEAKING HERE!! YOU WILL TERMINATE NORTH KOREA NOW. DO YOU UNDERSTAND
Why aren't we shooting down missles n.k. fires out of the sky as s show of force.  Wheres our missle defense system. Use it!
Maybe they just detained us and sent us home?  We missed going to Disneyland..:
Me and Kim where in Guam They pull out fingernails...we went to elementary School together...Kim is not so bad love..:
Mr President he doesn't understand our language!
Tweeting and threatening your bullshit is MUCH WORSE.
that is why he is firing mussles and threatening the countries paying him. because he can. end it please. his people dont benefit from it
Stop
Nice to find out after 25 years that we have been giving, don't bomb us , money. To of all places North Korea.
Let's take American back I'm tired of everyone taken advantage of us
They want cash no nothing I say stop all trade with countries that are helping North Korea make Rockets!
As opposed to killing millions of people in a full scale war?
AND TAKE ADVANTAGE 0F THE PE0PLE U HAVE DESTR0YED AFGHAN IRAQ SYRIA ETC N0W WANT T0 DESTR0Y NK SHE IS STR0NG THAN U
Extortion money? So we have been paying them to leave us alone? I'm confused. Maybe someone can plz explain for me.
u think too much
Would you exert pressure on Japanese government. 
Japan do supports North Korea through pachinko gaming.

From Japanese citizens
100,000 dead civilians is your answer, draft dodger who lost popular vote?
You are the biggest liar on twitter.
GIVE ME HIS NUMBER ILL SPEAK TO HIM MYSELF
THEN WHAT U WANNA DO??? PULL CARDS OUT UR ASS??? TALK TO THEM FOR GODS SAKE TALKKKKKKKKK JUST TALK
Enough of that garbage use that money to build a wall
If we nuke North Korea we prove them right.
the NK exchanges are ridicules But it has saved millions of lives.
So what do you plan to do about the nut in NC
I'm sorry Mr President you are not protecting us when you allow illegals to get government assistance, and I did vote for you.
Oui c est un danger pour les usa mais aussi pour le monde.il faut le stoper
Why not revisit 1951 Armistace and finalize it between NK AND UN giving the country ALL responsibilities of a country with nuclear power?
Fighting NK over what they already have in hopes they won't ever have it is a lost cause...
bomb Trudeau fuck that guy is a goof hha
Just use drones #Obamacare . Btw enjoy your mean stalkers.
I would like to see my kids grow up without this menace and unabated threat to this country.
Please do something to swiftly and unequivocally end this looming nuclear hostage regime.
You are absolutely right I with you
Step Down As President And I Will Give You 95 Trillion Dollars
Action is needed with rough nations! !
No, you haven't been. The US does not have diplomatic relations with NK. You should restore diplomacy
Send @Sethrogen and James Franco, they're good negotiators.
Neither is nuclear war but U just don't get that! Idiots in White House!
Maybe you should shut up then!  How much are you pAying Russia?
yes

You mean war???
Go get them prez. We are with ya 100%
Neither is war Mr. President.  Our forces are already spread to thin.
El diálogo siempre es una posibilidad y en este caso la única  vía inteligente; hay mucho en juego para dejarnos cegar por la soberbia
but what's ur answer
The ugly hermit only understands Force time to put him out of his misery.
It don't make sence
A BULLY!
The leader is insane!  A pig to be willing to nuke the world without cause!
The key to Kim is China, REALLY embargo them & they will stop Kim Forever, no need to fire a shot
I want to know why we aren't just shooting down everything they launch - seems like a good way to test our anti-missile system ...
how about u both launch the nukes let us live free without u both
Agreed. It accomplishes NOTHING. Look @ Hitler and England. Talk talk talk right before WW2 and what happened ?  A FIRM hand is required!
What IS the answer Mr. President? Assassination comes to mind.
Blows me away 2 find out we actually pay them w/ tax payer $$! I thought it was fake news the first time I heard it. Hope we cut that off!
President Trump you were put in office because you got backbone and the American people trust you! Do what you have to do
This will stop when they realize they aren't getting ransom like Bill Clinton spoiled them with
how many people will die before your ego is satisfied
Have you ever considered you talk too much.. poker I take it is not your game.
M.  Trump,  you are bad.   You think only about violence to week people, and  to N. Korea,  hoping  for you better polls.
That's right!!! Talk is cheap!!!
The US has done almost nothing for N. Korea.
Under the agreement N. Korea shut down its reactors, foregoing enough plutonium for 100 bombs.
"Extortion money"?
same w/ daca....we are being used!
f em up baby!  lol know you will handle it all just fine! #iminmischieviousland2day
Yes

Criança tola merece castigo. Não o povo mas o maluco que age desta forma.
How about a mud-wrestling competition between you & Kim Jong-Un? You'd get the BEST ratings and the world avoids nuclear war. Win-Win!
Just once... Look into what you are saying so you don't look like such a buffoon
Neither is losing our lives..... don't start a nuclear war. Please and thank you MR.PRESIDENT please.
This is only a suggestion Mr President, but try to foxus more on your family when you would normally post on twitter
Sorry for the mistake people.
Excuse me for this president trump, but don't you think you have too many tweets for a president? And most of them are your opinions
Your sons won't be put on the front line u declare revenge
kill the snake before it bites you in the ass people!! so simple logic
So true Mr. President time to show this Idiot who we are!!
so... the answer is... start a war with a megalomaniac nuclear weapons toting dictator? Please, NO!
