Release yours then you can do tax reform ,untill then,your still s liar and a thief
Not as badly as the world needs to be rid of your ego
Not

Will be leaving for Missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform - so badly needed!...
They need that especially in that liberal hell hole St.Louis
If I were dumb, I would be you
No we don't need the rich to get richer on the backs of the middle class, LlAR IN CHIEF.
Ok
Please remember that the lower and middle class need tax cuts, NOT the wealthy and corporations.   Think you can do that?
No way. NOT this collection of morons.
Yes! What the country needs right now is a tax break for the wealthy! So corrupt!

Well you won't find it in a room with Satan!
Actually, what's "badly needed" is an impeachment hearing.
Leaving for Missouri...Can't you just LEAVE??? And take pence with you... and your mooching family...
Spoken like a true Shakespearean scholar 
Thank you President Trump. Hard working middle class like myself are depending on you. Please please give us a break. Working 3 jobs & broke
Dream on! You will carry the brunt of everything like he wants you too... How can you  not see that ...
Everyone(especially the media) focuses on his flaws. But what about the good he has done? You surly don't believe that all he's done is bad?
He really hasn't done anything good. Some things are less disastrous but most of what he has done will harm people & endanger 1/2
I can't argue that I have to remain optimistic. Life has been hard financially as it has for most. I hope he see's ALL of the issues we face
Truth is there is no hero coming if you put your faith in him you are going to get really hurt :( What I have learned from my dark 1/5
2/5 time is that if you wait for help from those in power you die. The only way things wil get better is if we make it better. Which means
3/5 thinking outside the box & becoming as self sufficient as possible. It starts with little things like finding a place you can afford
You Trump lover are dilusional
HI Donald
Just like your healthcare #loser
we have a stupid president
You are the best President 
Very nice
what are you going to do for Michigan car insurance that it's a 153 percent higher than the rest in the country
0hn
GOP were budget hawks in my childhood. Plenty of proof trickledown is BS so, more debt? As for reform, that would be "more progressive,' eh?
Why are my tweets being erased I love you my president I am a handicapped person that is being i.d thefted and discrimination against help
Donald. Trump. Is. A great president he is the chosen one. He will make our country great again. Just give him a chance.
Yes sir! We sure do. God Bless you #MAGA
You make me wish there was a dislike button
What is so badly needed is a real president who show his tax return

You're more popular among people who didn't vote for you than you think. If they were election today it would be another landslide
hell ya
Great job you are doing Mr. President!
While some people just drink Chardonnay and complain about defeat you keep working to make a difference. Thank you!
I have a feeling the WH and the House will get it done, but will the Senate? Still seems like the Senate is USELESS!!
Lucky! I did a speech about Hiroshima at primary school and came second. Let me know how it goes!
for the wealthy of course !
President Trump,  Juan williams,  (Fox news) unfortunately is against DACA.  We'll  hopefully he'll get over it
The only thing badly needed is for you to reign. Being an Old Fat Racist is an impediment. #DACA #DumpTrump
A speech from you Donny, is not badly needed.
Bless your honest good work
DJ, POTUS, you are doing a great job, we are happy you have our backs for America, bless you and family
Reform in that people like you have to pay your fair share of taxes. Grifter!
ill be happy when i get what i want difference is i am not spoiled
start with goverment cuts to give tax credits ie family services and there bullshit
Ed krassenstein are you even a legal citizen? You sound like an outsider that really don't know what you are even talking about!
For the rich.....so like you!
Pres Trump. The younger generation is clueless on DACA.So Brain washed By the Obama years.Thank you for your wise decision.
Awesome
Fun FACT to know and share. If you have any honor. But you don't.
No, the United States is not "the highest taxed nation in the world." Maybe a gif will convince the president to stop repeating this lie. 
So badly needed...@ http://kiliedutravel.com 
Hllo sar
People that are upset for DACA and violently protesting for freedom is not going to progress humanity success.
We badly need you to get out of the Whitehouse ....."bigly" SMH
Tax cuts for the rich are what is WRONG with this country - Get a clue!
Less talk, more action?
Stay strong stay the course.
NO DACA PLEASE!!! HELP MY KIDS!!
That's great President Trump, for sure taxes in Oregon are too high !!
What is so badly need is on the honesty your shoe compassion form @POTUS and the WH and @GOP  to stand up and do the right thing
@realDonaldTrump I hope the politicians -- both Democrat and Republican -- are listening.  And I hope they support you.
needed for you and your family?????
You keep talking about tax cuts, but these cuts will only help the rich and leave the rest of us hurting.  It's a sham and you know it.
Another rally where no one shows up....don't you work?
Billionaires need more money, sad.  Bigly saf
"The Fair Tax!"

@Talkmaster
Buffoon
Didn't happen. You used my tax dollars to attack a Senator. DO THAT ON YOUR DIME CHEAPO! You know it's illegal what you did. @nytimes @MSNBC
how about getting rid of those loopholes that allow you and the rich to not pay taxes if you cared the rich would pay their fair share!
Why money money all the time . oh God sometime I think that all you care for
so badly needed so I can be richer!
Thank you for the great Job that your doing Sir. We're forever great-full.!!!!
You know what's needed. Support of our military from the C.I.C. 3 Marines died and you have yet to acknowledge it. #CplNathanOrdway
We need tax relief for workers, especially ones you screwed w/ overtime

WAY higher actual corporate rate, new top bracket at 50% over mill
Lies, lies, lies, lies..."I Happened"?  So juvenile...like you could ever write a book!
you only want to give to the rich you don't care about any of us everyone knows it
I think Missouri might be the worst state in the United States
Please get it through Congresses heads that the middle class of this country need tax relief the government gets at least 40% of our income
ur welfare 4 the wealthy isn't going 2 b well received by the #resistance.ur attempt 2 cut Medicare, SS, & Medicaid is opposite ur promise
What I'd really like to see is : less money sent to country's that hate us, and more of that money spent on troubled vet's ,

Thank you foe leaving
need 2 change VA policies! I was told 2 divorce my 21+ yrs husband 2 get my vet benefits last wk by VA prsn due 2 means test, this is wrong
Do it right and leave the Obama care alone.
Yes the richest companies in the country need a tax break. Profits are huge, wages are low & a tax break goes into buying back shares
Your in need of an audience to applaud you. Too bad they're paid to appear and act it out. Your becoming more like Kim Il of N Korea.
I voted for you thought we needed a change, I don't regret that vote probably the best one I ever made TY
As usual. No specifics. Just lies. #lyingtrump  fake news president @cnn @abc @nytimes
Hmmm, Trump during Sandy:
Let’s be honest, if Obama thought he could get away with campaigning during the storm, then he would have been in Ohio on Monday.
Everything you have done so far is for benefit of the rich, corporations and your self.
Show us your Tax returns! No tax cuts for corporations and millionaires.
Please help us veterans paying enormous taxes.  Praying for Texas and President Trump.   You're exactly what we need in this crises.
Save us Mueller
Oh you mean your cross burning Klu Klux Klan meeting
What tax cut for the rich and the poor get poorer
The US cannot afford tax cuts in a good economy until after we achieve a balanced budget. Anything else is Voodoo Economics
Grammar, so, badly, needed, make... hot pockets, great again.
#uloly
Tax reform is sorely needed
You used taxes to pay to campaign to destroy MO Senator, even wore you campaign hat to advertise - #fakespeechontaxCuts&taxReform
How about instead of cutting taxes for the rich we just go ahead and cut you all together impeach,  you're the worst president ever
Liar
You get paid per speech, come on you dont speak for free.
And still bring in money to cut down the deficit bring the country further out det i actually told Obama to do it he did the opposite

Almost a year since this moment-no special counsel, no justice has been served! We elected @POTUS to get something DONE! We DEMAND justice! 
Awesome good to hear will allow businesses to expand and people get more of there money raising poor from poverty i can see economic boost
Amen to that
You are so Patheic with your need of constant attention...
You know what we no so badly???? Your taxessssssss
Yeah... I was just thinking that we need to spend more time bullshitting about this Donny Johnny, especially now! Nothing else going on...
Yah whatever.
We are not stupid Mr Trump and we are watching VERY CLOSELY!!!  Your promises about the middle class has been bull shit
Or you going to take care of the boys on the hill who have donated to your pathetic campaign and now you OWE OWE OWE!!
What are you going to cut?  FEMA, Mortgage interest deductions, Free Lunch for kids,
Thanks for running down our GREAT @clairecmc that arranged for you to even be there. Didn't like that crap at all. She is a SUPER senator!
@Potus will @speakerryan & @senmcconnell be there to show support?  They need to get on board, Ryan McConnell r both untrustworthy.
embodiment of Americans HOPES n DREAMS We r strong Getting stronger everyday @TheDemocrats =Terrorist
God bless u mister president u are the best !
U go mr
Not the tax reform you advocate
Yes Please
Yes it is we need these cuts great Job Sir!
Start with Congress!
The 1% and corporations do not need or deserve tax cuts. Real working people do.
Benedict Donald, you old thief. You need to be in jail and financially disgorged, so badly!
McConnell and Ryan are going to destroy the Republican advantage.They play both sides, especially when they have town meetings. Hypocrites!
You will never make Tax Reform Fair. OMG That would mean TRUMP Corp & Trump Family would have to pay THEIR FAIR SHARE. Flat Tax works
All talk.  Your raising the taxes & making people think your helping. You Tax Reform will loose you votes next election. Killing DOCA will
You will never give Americans a fair tax reform. you will only cut taxes for the Rich & corporations.  $ 500 tax & we loose tax deductions.
Our hard working people need breaks for there family! I pray that these tax cut helps lower income working families more. God Bless you!!
Another lie. Tax cuts r needed for middle class not for corporations and pple like u
Sad2 see Sessions wasting time + $ on trying2 prosecute a woman who laughed during his hearing.Typical Trump. we see where ur priorities are
None of your speeches are badly needed. Stop w/the rallies, please! They boost your ego but do nothing for the rest of us.
People are drowning and losing everything they have in Texas and you want to talk about tax cuts 
Não existe mal nessessario, existe remédio com gosto amargo!
Gee Donald do you really think now is the right time. Your timing is always pretty good to deflect what could possibly take you down
So badly needed for you because you're probably close to broke!
Tax cuts?  Not for middle income families with kids.  Your voters have been duped.
Shut up
I think you was better at one line acting in movies, not acting as a President. Just help the people in Texas..... then get your wig done.
How bout a tax free zone for SE Texas for three years to help the recovery @POTUS #HARVEY
Just leave in general- it's badly needed!
Yep. Those millionaires & billionaires really need to pay less taxes.
Thank you
Where's the $1 million you promised to donate? Btw, Beyonce donated $7 million and she's nowhere near as rich as you CLAIM to be.
Why don't you start using presidential vocabulary?
