Trump's hateful announcement breaking campaign promises
Abolishes current policy

Kick out currently honorably serving service members
DOD took a year to develop

"This policy was crafted through a comprehensive and inclusive process"
Campaign promise broken
It's just spiteful and unnecessary Petty and cruel Trump pandering to base unfounded fear - phobia

Any American who meets current medical & readiness standards should be allowed to continue serving - my full stmt: https://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=press-releases&id=80124D36-EF8B-4CBD-A75A-9C6C697CA235 …
Trump riling up eroding base

Distraction from emerging crimes
Trump didn't even tell the Pentagon this major change ?

Announced via twitter
It appears Pentagon was caught off-guard by @realDonaldTrump tweet on transgender in military. Even policy on Defense website still online.
Help !!
I'm a perfect 10 girl
Trapped in a average girls body

The military should pay for my surgeries so I can be who I really am inside !
If they don't pay for my surgery's to be a perfect 10 girl

I will squeal discrimination against us average girls and sue them!!!
What is more important spending military budget money on guns and defense

Or spending money on sex changes
Actually it shows tremendous respect to the other 99.26% of our military that isn't
Gonna be fun to watch the lib melt down over this one

Hehehehehe

Grabs popcorn
Libs are so cunfused
Well said Senator Black
My hero
The adults are here
You're such a fucking scumbag.
Trump was never in the military.  TRUMP DOESN'T KNOW HOW TO RUN THE MILITARY.
As if that fool consults with anyone
Just because he's a nerd who plays video games doesn't make him any less allowed to have an opinion. And oh yeah, he's a decent human being.
Can you not?
wtf does this idiot mean by "tremendous medical costs?" Can't they find some way to keep him busy besides Twitter?
Trans people exhibit more courage than you'll ever know just by stepping out their front door.  #transrightsarehumanrights
#TransRightsAreHumanRights !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I knew Mattis would square that shit away! Obama should have left "Don't  Ask Don't Tell" be. But he hated us and knew it would piss us off!
Hey @SenJohnMcCain , this guy is anti-military spending. Wanna do something about it?
At least trans people will go to war for their country. How them "bone spurs" doing, by the way?
U r a disgrace. These r patriotic Americans. Human beings. What happened 2 protecting the LGBTQIA community? We r burdened by ur ignorance.
I'm still amazed everyday by the things this guys does, and says! 

Really, cost is the issue? Huh, explain this then. Erectile Dysfunction drugs for MALE service members or their MALE family members.
The costs are 0.13% of the budget Cheeto-in-Chief
Please explain how it's a burden, they are fighting just like everyone else, this is pretty sad and I'm sad to have you as my president...
You know what's funny? It was never fucking DISRUPTIVE until YOU disrupted THEM
seems their costs are about what you cost is to go to Mar-a-lago twice.
Bot keeps talking. World says, why.
Look in your own backyard
"Tremendous medical costs" for trans people to serve, eh? Is it more then the record NYC rent the military is paying Trump tower? 
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/guarding-trumps-mar-a-lago-club-by-air-and-sea-has-cost-taxpayers-66-million/2017/07/28/70dcc0f4-7224-11e7-9eac-d56bd5568db8_story.html?utm_term=.e375df776342&wpisrc=nl_rainbow&wpmm=1 …  How about saving money by NOT USING MY MONEY FOR THIS!!!!
Most Presidents don't get paid EXTRA to take vacations. Trump doesn't use Camp David b/c Trump Organization doesn't get a cut of proceeds!
http://www.weeklystandard.com/meanwhile-.-.-./article/2009134#.WYRaReCyUa8.twitter …  I love it when even conservatives can see how awful the Trump presidency is for America.
If i decide to cut my leg off but still want to serve in military should I be able to?  Would it be discrimination if they didnt let me?
Just when I think you can't get anymore deplored...you do
Trump your such an ego maniac - god help the country and the world -look in the mirror - you may see a little black moustache
"A conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who, however, has never learned how to walk forward" - FDR
Cannot be burdened?  They are at the front lines in places YOU WOULD NEVER GO & then you have the audacity to slam the door in their faces??
se te ha pirao la pinza macho
"your pin is gone macho" would be the translation sorry #vengachao
You just get worse and worse.. #bigotinchief #BIGOT

Yall will have2beat his supporters there who will be there with their guns.And bikers with their bikes.I'm quite sure you wont get too close
The LGBT+ community are doing your job for you, they are protecting the country while you sit back and decide they aren't good enough. NO!
Satan wants us to believe his lies but God makes no one lgbt.  We can be free in the Lord Jesus Christ.
Also the "men shall not sleep with other men" was actually a typo. The real passage describes men shall not sleep with young children
Not only that but Jesus's sacrifice repelled that of the Old Constitution. Meaning if that WAS a sin it's not anymore
And that's what I saw in the Bible. That's what I read in there. That book is supposed to show love, not hate. You sir, are creating sin
Hate is sin.

I don't get it?
Trump is right
No Mr. President, this is not about medical costs. This is about #discrimination, #hate, #intolerence, #bigotry
 
#TransRightsAreHumanRights
How? They turn away people with medical conditions all the time. Now it's suddenly a problem???
Being transgender is not a medical condition
You have to be diagnosed to be transgender, and they take hormone therapy for the rest of their lives just like diabetics take insulin.
And what about the transgender people that don't want to transition
Then they wouldn't be transgender, the whole point of transgender is to transition to the gender that they are. That's literally what it is
No it's not. You seem to have never met a trans person ever
My mother's ex is transgender actually so yes I have and I watched her go through the process.
This may give you feelings of disruption, but it doesn't cost extra, I was born this way.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfSuiLeXXhA … Ya, know many GLBTIQ ppl
join the military as a way of trying to contribute to a society that tells them they're worthless.  Maybe if u tried saying America needs
them in non-disposable positions like arts, education, finance, law and non combative gov't rather than using the word burden.  You prob
don't know, but "burden" is a derogatory word in the GLBTIQ community & nothing about it is any more disruptive than someone who might take
a vitamin or be kosher or vegan or require an odd size shoe. Unless they're taking a leave for actual surgery, there is no difference & I
imagine surgeries are pretty common for all soldiers as it's kinda hard to avoid bullets being shot at you every day, ain't it? Maybe we
should focus on things that end the need for war rather than the people willing to fight it for you.  If you need an advisor, I'm avail.
Whatever, just make sure you provide good jobs for all the ppl you reject. The last thing we need is more unemployment.
You're teaching people to discriminate other human beings. You're the worst president in American history
When you care more about getting it up.......
Lol there are 1.3m people in the US military, or which the majority are males. Of course a male drug is going to absorb most $.
Transgender estimates are 250 to just a couple thousand... 8,400,000 is a shit load (comparatively). I believe transgender should be
There are 15,000 transgender troops in the military.  More patriotic than a bunch of hillbillies sitting on the porch.
15,000? Where is that number coming from? Not doubting you... just haven't seen that.
I provided a link- you might want to read it
Did. However.... my original point still stands.
which was?
My originally American made brand will be leaving the U.S shortly and no longer paying taxes to a man who doesn't look at me with respect
Bye!!!
Military pays more in viagra & all tax payers pay more for 1 of your golf outings then the mentioned hc costs. That's fakenews

You are the only distraction to our military- you should remove yourself. That would fix so many things that are so very wrong!

Exactly if people want to so call evolve into something else let them pay for it not the taxpayer I feel this is something Obama created

The military has a long, proud tradition of pranking recruits. Wake to America's favorite funny man. GOOD MORNING!  
http://bit.ly/2viO9VS 
you're not welcome

You may be the president but you have in no way whatsoever earned that title You're supposed to look after the country not destroy it.
Our whole nation hates you. You're morally, spiritually and politically corrupt. You have no supporters here. #uk
#TransRightsAreHumanRights #transpeoplearenotaburden
What about the $60 million we spend getting a soldier to "Stand at Attention?"  You know, Viagra and Cialis....oh, ok...Typical man
This old tweet has been proven to be a lie since the military has since confirmed you never consulted with them. Resign.
At least they want to serve unlike you - a coward who avoided the draft was it 5 times? Sad!
No, thank you
they can live without insulin. Adhd is considered a mental illness also. yet we are perfectly normal.
PRESIDENT
ANTI-CHRIST
AKA....
DONALD J. TRUMP
 TRAITOR & THIEF  
Ignorant man #impeachment
Joffrey Trump
You boutta be blocked... dingle berry
... but it's cool to burden the military with ED treatment to the tune of literally ten times the cost of transgender medical costs...ok
"Tremendous costs" umm only 0.017% of the defense departments budget is spent on transgender costs
.@realDonaldTrump You might be the worst thing that ever happened to this country.
Might? 
Who the Hell wrote this?? Clearly not DJT. Entail? Decisive? Thank you? He never uses these words.
The only word he can own is "tremendous"
U make all the right wars & save my $ I only want strongest in military(like u) to protect my life, not weirdo trans. Merica
Some service members will regret having  the surgery and will want to detransition. Will the military pay for the sex change reversal too

Coast Guard spends more to protect Trump at Mar-a-Lago than the military spends on trans health https://thinkprogress.org/trump-mar-a-lago-coast-guard-cost-5375afde4ede …
Your term thus far has been more disruptive and a bigger distraction than any topic coming from the US military.
Than do not pay for those medical costs. However still allow them to serve. No reason to ban people who love our country. I'm gay, voted 4 u
Hey while you're destroying america, why don't you look at the viagra budget for the military being that its 5 times more than trans meds


Local Sheriff to Transgender Service Members: Come Work With Us
@realDonaldTrump what you tryna do with me ?? Lmk 
Thank you for returning sanity to our armed forces. Weed out the PROGRESSIVES, too!
대한민국은 미국과에 천년에 언약입니다 이유는 세계 인류공영에대한 대한민국 과 미국과에 
  굿굿한 민주주의에  의한 세계번영에 대한
약속이기때문입니다 대한민국은 미국을 
존경합니다 존경하는 미국Donald J Trunp 대통령께
The only reason not allowing transgenders in the army is narrow-minded people. Nothing else!
Looks like actual military expert General Mattis trumped you on this issue.
Transgender people have been in the military longer than @Dippin'dots has been ice cream of the future.
Denying #TransTroops protection from harassment=sick&wrong, 2 call it a favor 2 the Military is disgusting #LGBTQIA #ProtectTransTroops
And the viagra?
The quote of history repeats its self should be discarded you live in a past its time to move foward live in a world of peace not hate
Peace? Are you kidding? You libtsrds don't know what peace is!
Please explain your definition
I hope history repeats itself, in the meaning that another president of the us gets shot
We've gotten to the point where this needs to be spelled out. #FactsOverFeelings
Thank me? Thank YOU, my most substantial friend! Transgenders? Please! No doubt they'd all float if dropped in water.
Wow!!! really?
What a lie... Who would believe such an awful statement?
Stop traveling and the American people could pay for US
You want to do the military a great favor.  Resign Now.  #FAKE President
He does know that transgender individuals are already serving in the military, doesn't he?
バイシェクシャルだったら嫌だな
It's true one transsexual men wanting to be women and gay men shouldn't see live action. It's not about picking up sexy army men HIV Risk
“Thank you”?
At least they are willing to serve. YOUR KIDS???
...grateful for their services. This is the same for colored troops, female troops, additional LGBTQ troops, etc. Be grateful...
These are the people who have kept your family safe. How disgusting that U dishonor their service. Ur the 1 not fit 2 serve
hypocrite
Thank you POTUS!! Bigly MAGA!!!
We are sick of the amount of discrimination that we already receive our suicides are because of people like you discriminate us
Transgender support aka humans caring is dwarfed by the cost to taxpayers of your weekly golf vacations.
You lied about the cost. Why?
Come on! 0.01% of Military Budget is tremendous? Hell, you'll spend that much in tax payer money on ur wkly golf trips n 4 yrs or less.
You dodged the draft during vietnam didn't you https://www.google.co.uk/amp/www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/08/02/how-donald-trump-avoided-the-draft-during-the-vietnam-war/amp/ …
Your not fit to criticise their service
Your golfing habit has cost Americans more. #MakeAmericaGolfAgain
Yes that $6M is really hard to swallow you are a putz

Thank you for shutting down this stupid 
Obama era social experiment.
Trumps such a loser.He wasn't  Man enough to join the service. His money kept him from going. While 1000`s like my family served with honor n dignity. He sat on his sexual predator ass assaulting women. Instead of defending us.I'm sure my brothers,who were 18 would have hated him
Bravo!
Must drop the confused ones!
Every time I think you can't get any worse you prove me wrong. How do you live w/ yourself? #shameonyou
$8.4M=trans cost<1.6B=stupid wall that the Mexicans were going to pay for. Not to mention your golf costs, but you were going to be too busy
CUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUNT
Someone explain to me what the disruptions and medical costs may be, just want to hear peoples opinions.
The only way you pass message is through Twitter. Good job POTUS
You are disruptive enough to the military.
Draft dodgers know nothing of war. President draft dodger.
VERY BAD MOVE! Why not just say the U.S. won't cover transition-related medical costs? Need to rethink and reverse this policy ASAP

You wouldn't have to worry about that if we had medicare/single payer for all! Thought for the day
Thank God for sanity.
We the TAX PAYER should  not after to pay for there sickness!
Umm no thank you, you flipin walking cheeto
if you don't believe me check the American Phycological Association.
Don't be a transphobe, Chad
You nasty, sad, little man.
YOU FOOL  !!!!
You need PEOPLE to serve your country. I'm appalled by this statement.... and so incredibly grateful to be CANADIAN 
People who serve should be honored. Your family should try serving at some point. You are a terrible person.
How much of the Viagra bill is yours @realDonaldTrump?
How are you not impeach yet?

Is this what you want #LGBTQ? 
I'm going 2 Join the Army
#TransBan will NOT stop me!
Just kidding This just points out how silly all this is 
dont u get tired of lieing.tell the truth4 a change. Tell every1 ur wking 4 kkk&friends. I know DISGUSTUS all GOP say2U
You speak like white man with "forked" tongue
Stop playing golf, we don't need a wall, resign, no handouts for viagra
LOL....ROLFLMAO...Baaaaaahhhhj...u r the best material for SNL... hysterical!

Transgender military @FoxBusiness @RebelSavvy @Kat3rinaJones9 @lts_All_Lies @realDonaldTrump @lulubellehen @TrumpTwenty 
You sir are an incredible liar! Why do you violate people's trust so carelessly? Unless Putin told you to? It hurts you and us. Stop!
I don't think Transgender people still transitioning R going to join the military. But a healthy person should be able to serve our country.
https://youtu.be/WcWM_1hBu_c  Why you always lyin', why you always lyin'
Funny how America is the land of the free but you are taking away thousands of individual's freedom to defend their country 
Shame on you.  You are so filled with hate and fear.
Donny Boy I've got family Transgender Female to Male. No surgery yet but they still got more balls than you
Liar
.@DeptofDefense Mattis realizes that a person's service deserves more thought than 140 characters
My name is chloe and im transgender and will fight for whats right not just for me but the entire lgbtq community
Our lives have already been abused my parents abused me as a kid and i developed a backbone stronger then ever
Sex change or guns or both?
I've got your DISRUPTION right here!
That you are Laura 
Thank you so much for putting this ban into affect now could u ban #Transgenders from other places too? #DonaldTrump
We transgenders will fight against what you are doing. You are afraid thats why you keep deleting our tweets because you know that its wrong
Just because you use the word tremendous, doesn't actually make the thing you're discussing tremendous, you know. #liarliar #idiot
Thank you Mr. president you made the right choice
OnPolitics Today: Trump's Mar-a-Lago trips cost more than trans soldiers' health care https://usat.ly/2v9zBrE  via @usatoday
But far, far less than Oama and his family's lavish vacation tagging their friends all over the world in Air Force 1
#BotAlert #PropagandaAlert
You
another congrats to Americans cowboy and sheeps for voting for this big fat corupt jurk.
Trans treatment costs about a tenth of what it costs for boner pills for troops who aren't real men. Stop lying.
Smart man
@realDonaldTrump
I agree 100%
