
Who wrote this tweet?
Remember your duty.  Honor your history.  Grab 'em by the p***y.
Who writes your speeches? Totally embarrassing and inappropriate
And swear at those Boy Scouts, have them chant "fake news" and tell them to boo Obama. You are an embarrassment, sir, and need to stop.
I'm with you @realDonaldTrump and our country!
trump is good
This is truly a new low for you; shameful!
That speech was awesome, amazing, and beautiful as always! I love you PRESIDENT TRUMP! May the Precious Lord God bless you and protect you.
Best president ever
Or cats, or people, the environment, healthcare, etc.
Duty and honor...2 things you know nothing about. And love of country, come on. You love yourself & money, that's it. You're disgusting.
The @boyscouts should be ashamed for allowing you to be part of their event. You embarrassed yourseld & you embarrassed them. #pathetic
After talking to kids as if it's one of your negative,  hate-filled rallies, you should just shut up. You can't fix it now. Shameful speech!
Funny you should mention God Its almost as if u r implying he gives u power 2 decide whats right by your own determination
What a awesome crowd
Please. Stop. You are making the US a laughingstock and setting a horrible example for our youth. Sad.
That abysmal display today was evidence that you are unqualified for the roll you have stepped into #resignnow #25thAmendmentNOW #shameful
Please keep your 'Gods' out of Twitter land. Religions are abuse.. No one was ever born religious. They're infected in the mind by abusers

No way you wrote this.  It's far too coherent.
All of you young hoodlums here hav no idea of propriety to say nothing of ur ignorance of duty, honor country! Shame on all of u! @SebGorka
The only reason you are POTUS is because of the Russians. Hillary beat you by 3 million votes.
Boycott the Boy Scouts of America or "Russia". They publicly supported a sexual molester, bully, and liar. Who is this man? You got it Trump
YOU ARE DISGUSTING!!! 

That election still got ya down little buddy!
Huh? I could give a fuck about Hillary or the election, buddy
what hippocrite .
You are no king. 

Loyalty is owed to the Constitution, the republic and the flag. Unlisted: the president.
Real Americans put country before all else. Your desire for fealty is un-American.
You would love to sit on a throne with a crown and demand things be done as you wish all day. Doesn't work that way here.

MAKE AMERICA
GREAT AGAIN!!!

We love you President Trump and we pray God protects you!!
You are a fraud and your days as President are numbered
Trying to turn the Boy Scouts into your own little battalion of Brown Shirts? You're absolutely the most pathetic POTUS ever. #FAKEprez
2 Thessalonians 3:3
But the #Lord is #faithful, who will establish you and #guard you from the evil one.
I took a nice shower today!
You're disgusting ...and fake in all levels ....God's plans don't include you 
. I was a boy scout and then went on to be a scoutmaster of a troop I founded.. amazing experience
How dare you trash the honor of BSA by making it into a Hitler Youth rally!  Appalling!  When are you going to stop ruining our country?
I am sensing some anger
That obvious, eh..?? 
Calm your tits !! Tomorrow is Friday !! 
That sculptor was a sick SOB
It would be really cool if they sprayed milk. 
I would walk out there with a bowl of cereal, add milk, and BOOM! Eat my cereal! Also milk in the coffee. Or eat an entire pack of cookies.
Or drink the milk straight from the fountain 
But you don’t really know history, Donnie. 
Please let the nice people go. 
Think of the children, Donnie! 
Think of the scared parents, Donnie! 
Donnie. You’re holding these people hostage and you’re talkin’ about history? How silly is that? 
#2017Jambo- Remember your duty. Honor your history. Take care of the people God puts into your life – and LOVE &amp; CH…...
That's AC/DC crowd, RIP Malcom Young!
BTW Obama was a Boy Scout and you were not.
First of all I am not on trial here! The source of my principles my conviction is my own business!
Is one of your core ethics hiding behind anonymity?
I am not deflecting that is your interpretation! I am talking about Donald Trump the president of United States what are you talking about?
What you did to those children today will forever be remembered. You are so disgusting. I hope you rot in hell.
You make it sound like he took them behind the barn! You liberals are the party of hate, suppression of speech, & bigotry! Trump is MAGA!
You do NONE of this you fascist narcissist. Don't advise our youth.  Hypocrite. STAY AWAY FROM THEM! You are insane. #25thAmendmentNOW
LOL the Boy Scouts just apologized and said they regret having you.
wow.  people love @realDonaldTrump.  The #Media is so biased.  #FakeNews #MAGA
I was in D.C. last week and saw thousands of Boy Scouts at Union Station. Many wearing MAGA hats. There is hope.
Being a former eagle scout, your speech was the worst one I've ever seen at a jamb.  You DON'T politicize them.  GROW UP! #FAILPRESIDENT
1x1 I have watched older voter's  peel away from watching the onslaught of lies pouring -via - the news media out of the American government
It's one thing to spout your propaganda&lies to rally groups but Boy Scouts that's even low for you,the reminiscent of Hitler youth is scary
Trump u should have spoke as a parent to Boy Scouts being leaders some day not as President at Rally & language u used upset parents
The speech was bad enough.  BSA boys cheering for you and denigration of "fake media" is your tweet-worthy highlight?
Thank you for making America great again.
They only cheered because a Scout is friendly, courteous, and kind.
"I swear, in the Hitler Youth, always to do my duty with love and loyalty, for the 
Führer and our flag." Oops meant President Trump
OH! the SNOWFLAKES on the troll, when will they melt? & understand you R the POTUS? They do what they do & Understand never "US" they will
You know absolutely nothing about those things. You are totally and absolutely depraved and void of any feelings for anyone except yourself.
could have used that "honor" to do something good but instead doubled down on your BS in front of young minds. Touting your lies to children
Unless your transgender.
Your presence took more than 6 hours away from the event they paid good  to attend which many earned themselves. They were not there for u!
You don't care about the Boy Scouts..you know no sane adult believes a word that comes out of your mouth,so now your after children
Working & middle class support 4 U flushed covert leftists from the woodwork & so made their bias & duplicity plain to all.
Absolutely disgraceful! 71 yrs old, and you have ZERO idea how to behave around children...you are disgusting!
Praying to God they paid no attention to you, our fake leader!  You who have never joined the BSA!  You are Satan in human firm!
Human form!  Dang auto correct!  Yes you are Satan in disguise.
Coming from the man trying to destroy this country, that's hysterical.
I was a Boy Scout & that is an amazing Christian values program. Don't allow the libs to ruin in with gays & wrong values
Trans people too, did you think of them!? #FakePresident

Mr. President, great and encouraging speech at Boyscouts Jamboree! Thank you for supporting tried and true American values!
Lol. Remember @chrissyteigen. No one like you
TOO LITTLE,  TOO LATE.  SO WRONG.
so inspiring. thank you boy scouts! thank you potus!
What was the purpose of this being posted? What it an important gathering, or one to rub in the face of the "fake media." Grow up, please.
transexual/gay agenda into the military is wrong nobody gt time for a mf that wantsto tuck  they balls on them front lines

There is no God.
God put an entire country into your life. Be president to ALL. 
100 Senators represent ALL Americans.  Excluding 48, excludes millions.
Thanks

Love this phrase. "Take care of the people God puts into your life – and LOVE & CHERISH your country!" Wow !! It's all there isn't it ??
Uh huh. Not loyalty to YOU though, cheeto in a bad wig.
If I had kids in Scouts right now, I would be removing them from the association. If I was an investor in the BSA I would be retracting my $

Yes Indeed Mr President !!
I dont know how to ask for help for my son and for me we need two humanitary tickets to go back to the US please we are dying here in Perú
IWASTHERE!!
Awesome
#MAGA - the American way!
Awesome job Mr.president
dt is rude, crude and socially unacceptable!
Horrible example for our youngsters!
Thank You Trump for the speech and Jambo I had a blast during your words of wisdom!!!
As a mother of 2 Eagle Scouts, I found your behavior disgusting.  #Notaboutyou
Eagle Scout here. I hope you never have the opportunity to address these young men ever again. What you did during your speech was shameful.
@boyscouts this was not something to be proud of. This man, even elected as president, does not represent your values. I'm embarrassed.
A scout is trustworthy, loual, helpful, friendly, courteous, kind, obedient, cheerful, thrifty, brave, clean and reverent. You are nothing.
#boyscoutoath
This from a pussygrabbing, misogynistic,homophobic,racist,draft dodging,bankruptcy machine,lying, pretending POTUS. #LowestoftheLowest
USA
@jaketapper @JetsetterLiving @CNN made it seem like Boyscout's appearance did not go well.Did it or did it not? Looks great
how dare he inspire youth!
That's what I'm talking about! 
Hussein says don't have too much pride in your country. Big D reminded our future not to forget our history and to HONOR IT
@ least these Boy Scouts will be able to tell their grandchildren how they were forced to listen to the worst President in American History!
Wow ur asinine, hateful speech didn't go over too well! Thousands of angry comments on the BSA Facebook page criticizing u #trumpboyscouts
To all antiTrump, wah, wah wah, loser weepers
So, when will Trump Youth Movement become established, & take on leader's fight vs 'fake media'! Will there be a merit badge for propaganda!
Wow that is an incredible reception for @POTUS
Take care of the 24-30 million children,  the poor & the elderly u are knocking out of insurance! U r despicable!
I do love and cherish America.  It's a shame America's president loves and cherishes only money, power and himself.
@POTUS
Parents of the Boy Scouts r furious at Trump's speech calling it shameful, vicious, and sad. I'm glad they use small words he can understand
Not this patriotic, hard working, proud American parent of a scout!
"ILDJT" God bless you and VP Pence. Please do not fire Jeff Sessions. He will become one of your greatest assets.He is a deplorable with us!
BSA historians recorded MOST EXPLOITIVE INAPPROPRIATE& UNPRESIDENTIAL appearance by a U.S. president in HISTORY/projecting out for all time.
I like it!
Good advice Donald, maybe you should do this instead of ruining our country, our pride and our status in the world.  #crookandthug
Political Speech to kiddies, what a joke !
This was embarrassing. You politicized a speech about patriotism. Awful

YOUR A DRAFT DODGER.... you will also be impeached by the Congress very soon my friend, very soon @realDonaldTrump

Soo...Say Crazy Things At Inappropriate Times So Beloved Institutions Distance Themselves From You Week was fun. What's next week's theme?

Thank you Mr. President, for trying to remind USA they have duty to each other. Wht not declare Congress Will have SAME HEALTHCARE AS ALL
Really proud of the Boy Scouts of America. Crowd is pretty impressive
WOW! History record the first Hitler, uhm, I mean Trump youth rally #totallynothilteresksatall #thosewhodonorstudyhistoryareboundtorepeatit

The sad part about the whole thing is that you don't even realize how inappropriate your speech subjects were. Should be ashamed of yourself

Love and cherish your country? You just told a group of scouts it's OK to shit on people you don't agree with. What do you know about honor?
I am an atheist. You are evil
This must be SUCK UP TO YOUR BASE week at the White House.
#WorstSpeechEver #childabuse #TrumpLies #EthicsChallenged #Cheetolini
And of course the BSA had to apologize for your wholly (definitely not 'holy') inappropriate speech. #WorstPresidentEver #TrumpCrimeFamily
I heard about this speech on international news outlets. Nobody liked it.
Them young dumbasses they just don't know what you are?
This pedo president turned a fun gathering for kids into a political rally. #pedophilepresident

Yeah exactly like u love the USA ! Shame on you DT
Evil losers are jealous bigly!!!
We don't like u
Obama, Bush & Clinton were all Boy Scouts.  You were not.  You never even spoke of God until u ran for office.  #Pretender
Poison=@realDonaldTrump ...shame on you.  You have a son...DISGUST
The Libtard @boyscouts just apologized for @POTUS appearance at their "jambo".

Sad.
Unless they are Transgender, POWs, the poor, the elderly, the sick....
Yet another 'Captive Audience' that was forced to attend your Ego! Who arranged this? Who thought this was a Great idea? Fired or Impeached
I bet any one of those thousands of young men could have given a more mature and respectful speech than you did. You disgust me.
It would be good if you showed that you loved and cherished OUR country.
To bad you destroy lives,  crush people, seek revenge,  and glorify yourself.  Jesus would cast you out of the temple. Money changer.

This was so inappropriate.  You should not be allowed to speak to children.
