I agree.

@nytimes would definitely be worse for having apologized to you for having done it job.
Except it didn’t. IMO - The NYT aided & abetted the rise of the trump/GOP/Putin illegal & criminal administration. They need new management & the removal of several “journalists” before I ever read it again.
You are entitled to your opinion.

Rising subscription rates to the #NYTimes would indicate, however, that more hold a view which is (pardon the pun) contrary to yours.
I see that. And that’s ok. I get news else where. But I won’t give the NYT 1 second or 1 cent. I used to be an avid reader. The thought of the NYT makes me 
And that you have the right to do so is one of the things that indicates America already was great.

:-)
Indeed! I would not clap. I would kneel. I would turn my back to him & any of his sycophants. I will not kiss the ring or bow to these monsters. My family is a Gold Star Family. We bled & died to perfect the dream. The GOP aims to burn it to the ground. Not standing by or down.
Agreed.
nothing like the leader of a nation selectively smearing institutions ( actually he even smears individuals)
Clamp it! Lena! He  can call out injustices whenever he wants! That's why the majority of the patriots supported him in the election. Get off twitter blockhead!
And FU, 
Can tell u run in the ever-so -srinking Trump pack. The guys with nothing to show..so over compensate by bullying behind a twiiter facade
Rest at ease, Wanna be patriot. Tis furthest act on my mind. B4 I date,  We ask who dude voted 4. If it's Trump and they still advocate for him, I decline. I have to get out of your twitter basement + converse face to face. Unless they're extreme  bigots + in2 nukes, most regret
Do u remember the times u called the media saying u were DT publisher? U wanted them to publish stories about you.
Now your worst enemy but Fox. They r not fake news.They r reporting all u say & do They r not liars U are. We see
wasn't what most people would call a true apology anyway. They have no remorse for anything they have done wrong.
LIVE: The children of a Valley woman who was deported weeks check out this sight
Newspapers should be a neutral and non- political entity. Now, it's just full of one sided BS.
@realDonaldTrump @nytimes ... donny boy why you Always lie,,LIE..LIE...Why? 
Why??

the Times and Trump don't always lie.  but when they do it's to protect the J's
The failing president is worse than Breitbart News.
The failing @nytimes was forced to apologize to its subscribers for the poor reporting it did on my election win. Now th...
@ With nobody's SSN. If any of you need a job let me know. Its all about hard work you lazy people
Hello IM AN ILLEGAL ALIEN with paid off house, car! With nobody's SSN. If any of you need a job let me know.
@Studs4TrumpsHI @nytimes
#growtheFup
president trump I don't understand how state judges can go against your policies.
this idiot judge in Arizona has let an illegal Mexican lady that committed crimes after ice deported her.
that judge has set a new president and more illegals are going to steal Americans identity
this lady's kids are going to come and cry on your shoulder I think he's so the whole damn family out
Yeah dont think the biggest paper in New York would lie Donald #LetItGo
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/delete-your-facebook-account-permanently.html …
stop the snotty nosed temper tantrums +  get to work  doing what POTUS do.
just think, this tweet will be in our history books. This tweet makes u  a  joke .
this is not The Apprentice . u r now the POTUS. Stop being a crazed egomanic
don't u have presidential things to tend to that r  NOT ABOUT U, but ABOUT US
If the NY Times, Maxine Waters, Pelosi,  and Schumer are so upset. President Trump must be doing something right!!
You lost the popular vote.  Won the electoral college.  Get over it.
love the reporting they did
Leave transgender issues up to the states?  Where did u come up with that one, on the 9th hole in FL this weekend?
It's ridiculous! @MargotBirckhead
si

Sir, Bob Bekel the Dem. on The Five showed his true, hateful self today.  Totally unhinged at your success.
you bolive in GOD  I pray for you because you need more love in you hart  you good man only need more love
too bad you feel the need to disparage any news source that doesn't kiss your ass.
NO. STOP
there you go again not the truth.
Your election "#win" was more like an #election "#con".

@fisch4di_di @nytimes
FAKE ELECTION! Trump lost and he knows it.
you can't just change the facts at will
shut it down the ofa is dangerous and frightening to think of for our future
please investigate a supposedly 504c org for action, street says planning uprisg agnst us gov sb declared terrorist org!!!
Pithy, not lengthy. One point hard.
U R Embassing. U lost popular vote BIGLY. U  won electoral college due to FBI & Russian interference & your lies
Again?
Tweet Tweet
IT'S CALLED REVENGE & THEY WILL GO AS FAR AS THEY CAN - LEGAL OR ILLEGAL.
You can't turn us away from the truly free press. We see you
were FORCED to apologize? Why were they FORCED? #thatwordforced
NYTimes is more objective than you are.
something is seriously wrong with you
I missed the apology.
If by worse, do you mean they have the most subscriptions they've had in many years? Wow, sooo much worse.
pa-lease stop tweeting
They are another branch of the democratic dictatorship that has Fallen
I'll just leave this here...
there is no "fake news"..you are a fake..big ego..u think u are king of the world ! LOCK HIM UP IS WHAT I  SAY
look in mirror for failing
no, they didn't.  I am a NYTimes subscriber.  No apology.  You make these things up.  What is your endgame here?
wrong
It is disgraceful for you to call American businesses failing because they ran stories about you! Just subscribed!
I watched your inauration, it is over, time To government
let go...Let it go...
Wow, they're so bad they can't even fail properly! Seems like they've been at it for ages. #news #journalism
#notpresidential
Their stock is up. Subscribers are up. They have more Twitter followers than you. So...
another one. SMH
birdcage liner. Pet stores that sell birds should buy their papers, maybe their stock price and profit would rise
You're lying again. The NYTimes did not apologize. A wonderful newspaper.
"failing" come on man you and I both know that's not true
they're not as bad as your #tinyhandstinydick tho
you have poor skills as a president, will you apologize? no thought not...you sorry excuse for a man
NYT readership up because of you. Keep it up.
lies, FAKE NEWS
lie, distortion, relational aggression, gaslighting, feigned innocence, propaganda, projective identification
sir, who cares? You would be so much more productive if you didn't respond. Please stop taking their bait.
I am a Muslim living in Iraq hate America, and especially you, Donald Trump
If a liberal screams bloody murder in an empty room, does he have a voice?
You are a coward, afraid  to come out and speak to people that didn't vote for you. #not my president
Why don't you have the courage to meet with the average joe or jane who didn't vote for you. Yu
UNTRUE.
I've never seen a president complain so much about "haters" your whinning in every post shut up already shit!!
why can your supporters take out a class action law suit against these bias papers
Our Commander-in-Chief is a gigantic pussy.
