Peace! Your having a laugh. Threatening nuclear weapons etc.  Causing uproar in your own country! Your a joke...
Did you bow or curtsy? No!  #nomoneytobemadehere
Good to hear you say this Mr President, as well as your determination in eliminating Isis!
It looks the Pope feels guilty. ..
k
The Griffins met his Holiness as well
Start: stop bombing countries to deflect and fire your Alt righters who promote nothing but war in order to make themselves feel superior.
Pope Francis is awesome
Ok. Start with your words. Say kind things, accept and respect our Democratic congressmen and women. Be kind to your wife. Bridge the divide
Even the Pope thinks you're a fat ass!  Asking Melania if she feeds you pastries!!  Priceless!  
sorry I don't believe anything you say
Loved @FLOTUS asking the @Pontifex to BLESS that gift that I know she will cherish forever.  Wonderful.
Ur trip to Saudia= $Trillions u got for the Swamp, but at home u cut Arts, Foodstamp, meals2wheels,SS,Medi-Medi,etc.? 
Above Satan U R
Praying for you @realDonaldTrump #AmericaFirst
There is no need to fear.
America* Loves you, if you preside in Love..
America* hates you. the more you spread fear
Yes, peace must be our goal. All humanity would benefit from a world built on justice, peace, and love...
I hope reading #LaudatoSi will help you reconsider plan to decrease funding for @EPA. Our existence depends on caring for our common home...
#LaudatoSi is almost 200 pages & not about Trump. He can only read 140 characters, before becoming bored. Contains words he can't understand

من يوم ماغادترو الوطن في نفس اليله فجر الاٍرهاب في لندن ايش ذنبهم الله السلام لايحيب القتل والدمار هذول أعداء الله لي وكذبوالله عملهم كل جن
Wait, he is no longer a disgrace? As you said recently? Just want to make sure we are on the same page! Not like Mark Foley was on a page?
Kevin - Trump has never been a disgrace. You should be lucky to have someone that is willing to clean the sewer in Washinton.
Why avoid eye contact with The Pope here then? 
Can't hide your true motives?
A picture is worth a thousand words 
@realDonaldTrump you do have a habit of not being able to look those who are morally/ethically superior to you in the eyes. #CowardlyDon
Couldn't even shake the hands with the Leader of the Free World let alone look her in the eye. 
This was a different story though wasn't it? #DonTheConned #TreasonousTrump
I'll end with this gem though, because this picture speaks 1,000 words as to your true worth *Mr. President. #TrumpFail #FireTheFool
  me some #PMBae
Me too!
Don't forget this one!
You're pure evil
Did he mention anything about your budget that hurts, possible kill off the poor & sick to benefit the very wealthy?
You can start by getting him to pay tax!
Americans would love just one  day of peace from news of you and your Russian connections.
Then resign
Wow!
As you finish your #ArmsDeal with #SaudiArabia. True #peacekeeping right there, you hypocritical #stooge!
It's only peaceful to bomb people each day of your presidency, if you're black.

The racist and degenerate left for you. 



¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
Why were you all dressed for a funeral? And what's with the shit-eater grin?
Dude, what's up with the insults? You are  NOT in a position to judge anyone's looks with a face like yours
Good one, coffee mug.
Think #PopeFrancis approves of the #TrumpBudget? Of gutting services for poor children and the disabled? I doubt it. #GOP #SquadGoals #WWJD
It's anticipating job growth & eco. rebound where fewer Americans will need to rely on Gov. assist. People that NEED these will get them.
I believe the honor was solely yours
Meanwhile your cronies continue to push lies.  I'm sure the Pope would love this...
The Fake News Media is officially out of control. They cannot be trusted!
MAKE AMERICA GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE!
Thank You @realDonaldTrump
MAGA 

#DRAINTHESWAMP #AmericaFirst
So many haters and losers want to take down my President. so sad.
So many of his supporters are so dimwitted all they can do is spout out his soundbites and slogans...which were dimwitted when he said them!
Mate, he looks like he can't wait to get away from you.
"They're creepy and they're kooky, mysterious and spooky..."
Haha - yes!
*snap snap*

the Pope doing a "Comey" ...hoping to blend in with the chair....
lol... I hope that when all is said and done, "Comey" ends up as a verb in the Oxford.

what a valuable and persuasive argument you're bringing into this conversation Kitty. you must have spent many hours to produce it!
Did you bring him a glowing orb?
It's this your hashtag resist? Is this what will win elections for you liberals? Remember this strategy failed in 10,12,14, and 16.
All that we have to do is #AuditTheVote
#DemsWillNeverWinAgain
Read the book
He cant
Lol! May as well. Like he's pretending to be in a White House reality show only this time we are going to fire him. Can't wait 4 the memes!
Please becareful you have people close to you who don't have your best interest at heart. I have  total faith you will weed them out
He's your president and mines. God knows no one is perfect. You think our President should be but it's not true. Learn things.
You're a serial philanderer& adulterer.
#Trump
Can't imagine youd get in to Heaven if there was sucha place.
So you doubt Heaven's existence but you know the criteria to get there, and you already ruled Trump shouldn't make it? Judgmental much? #smh
@Scavino45 LOVE MY POTUS and his plight to bring peace to the world and deter EVIL! MY USA
Awesome words!!
The Pope doesn't like you.
man twitter replies formatting can be a real pain - I thought you were condemning ME
I have it on good authority, the Pope loves you, Jared. (Because The Pope loves everyone....except this one orange dude)
whew
Pope Francis loves even President Trump, We are blessed to have these 2 great leaders! #MAGA #AmericaFirst #VaticanCity #Vatican

Why does @FLOTUS look like the widow of a mob boss?
Jesus call no man Holy for the only holy one is God our father in heaven

Where in the Bible does the Pope get his right to be who he is? I don't remember Jesus or Peter calling themselves popes.
liar
You can't be a purveyor of peace AND make arms deals. Surely u realize this?
Why don't you try being fair to reporters? And give Americans healthcare? Oh wait, bootstraps.
Bullshit.
I've never seen the Pope so Sad
when u get back please honor you word ,do not send any more troops to Afghanistan let them handle it
Make sure to read that gift he gave you.
Peace in the world? You divided our country and your son in law works for Russia.
wish be you well in your regime and may the Lord leads you
Actions speak louder, and yours along with your ignorant rants speak of violence not peace.
He looked thrilled. (Sarcasm)
You are not a Christian.
@jennifersks Blow by up Terrorists and N Korea weapons before it's too late. Then if Iran behaves there can be peace.
cool, maybe you'll also pursue the preservation of EARTH itself
Yeah, a piece of my insurance, a piece of medicaid, a piece of planned parenthood, a piece of NPR and The Arts, a piece my social security.
You're such a hypocritical liar!!!!!
I dont think you impressed someone like the pope. He knows who tou really are. Narcissistic child
You will have peace at all costs. Even if it means destroying the planet, water and air.
One Demon to another...@potusmeetingpope

Serious charges against the pope!
So, today he is NOT disgraceful??
Just because you met with the pope doesn't mean you are now a saint.
One can only pray...
you were quoted by @BBC
Pope Francis calls abortion a horrendous crime and a very grave sin. Trudeau says opponents of abortion are unwelcome in his party.Hypocrite
