Thanks Coast Guard!
Did you once say that you were going to cut funds for the Coast Guard?
How about admitting that climate change isn't a hoax and taking action to prevent against these storms in the future?
The only other hoax besides climate change is a loser like you, who should get a life & stop attacking your President!!
Thank for being the Cheerleader in Chief! We love your positive, "can do" spirit!
Stick to tweets like this and you could become tolerable
Hey dude, why do you act all military rah, rah, and when u were called u had daddy get u 6 deferments ?
The one you slashed their budget? The one you killed their funding? That Coast Guard? You should hang your head in shame.
How about mentioning that the media, you hate so much, that was with them. Your an idiot! An absolute idiot! As well as an absolute liar.
resign
seriously?you think calling me a lesbian is an insult? What are you 5? 
Joshua 1:8-9
This Book of the Law shall not depart from your #mouth, but you shall #meditate in it #day and #night, [1/4]
that you may observe to do according to all that is written in it. For then you will make your #way prosperous, and [2/4]
then you will have good #success. Have I not #commanded you? Be strong and of good courage; do not be afraid, nor be [3/4]
dismayed, for the #Lord your #God is with you wherever you go.” [4/4]
2 Chronicles 7:14
if My #people who are called by My name will humble themselves, and #pray and seek My #face, and turn from [1/2]
their wicked ways, then I will hear from #heaven, and will forgive their #sin and heal their #land. [2/2]
Isaiah 9:6
For unto us a Child is born, #Unto us a Son is given; And the #government will be upon His #shoulder. And His name [1/2]
Stop quoting bible passages at him. Real Christians know that Jesus would be horrified by Trump's actions and words.
Наша невероятная береговая охрана США спасла более 15 000 жизней на прошлой неделе с Харви.Ирма более ЖЁСТЧЕ.Мы любим нашу береговую охрану!

Too bad your budget proposal slashes their budget...
Way to be T
God bless america 
on german plz you dumbhead!!111!
The way you love your Dreamers?
Not bitter.  Words matter my friend.
Ahh. I see why you like him now.
I hope Maralago gets creamed.

It will save us tax payers millions.

F U and your golf money making BS.
Yo your cool as the American president you are not like Bush and Clinton moan and never smile
As a Veteran myself I know USA loves our service personnel. But why don't you talk about the victims & those in harms way as well?
Really? You love them? That's why you made a whiny-ass speech to them that was all about you? 
Aren't all his speeches like that? Except for TelePrompTer Trump.
Well, MOST are whiny-ass but many are self-aggrandizing and a few teleprompted (despite criticizing Obama for same)
I think those Boy Scouts are scarred for life.
Oh yeah, they were Boy Scouts! I keep confusing them with the Hitler Youth...
And the media was there covering it
You better remember the citizens that saved lives. It was the states responsibility to take on that job,but trump & Abbott cut $$.
Lord I pray you would protect our military today. Surround them,guide and minister to them in all they do. God Bless Our Military! in Jesus
Resign
God Bless them and all in harms way!
God Bless the Coast Guard!!! #Trump2020 #MAGA

Thanks to them. But you don't think it's an emergency to fight the #climatechange more of a stupid #KimJungUn? Not?

We love our Coast Guard. People come here on vacation every year and the Coast Guard ends up saving their life.
Oh shut up already!
WE KNOW!
That's what they do!
Didn't you defund the Coast Guard?
THEN WHY YOU MAKING CUTS FOR THE COAST GUARD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Did you serve?
So true, Mr Pres! Though, of course, if a member of the Coast Guard, or any emergency service, is on #DACA they can get screwed, right?
Research whats really going on with daca before talking...
DACA illegal aliens kill thousands of American citizens. Deport them. They didnt vote for you and will never vote for you.
Thousands? There were only 15,000 homicides in the US total last year.
You have the best hurricanes! The most tremendous hurricanes! Hurricanes like no one has ever seen! Enjoy!
Hurricanes are terrific. I mean no one makes hurricanes like Donald Trump. Obama had weak hurricanes, very low energy. Sad!
Hurricanes that hit the two states that gave him the most electoral votes. 
Talk is cheap
Then why did you slash their budget from 9 billion to less than 2?  Not smart.
Not a CPA, just pointing out the facts.  If the #Potus believes so much in the Coast Guard, why did he slash their budget? #wakeup #FACTS
Except none of that statement is true.  There are #facts and then there are your #beliefs.  One actually is happen, the other isn't.
See, it is tweets like this that show how far off from reality you are.  Trump has spent more in 6 months visiting his own properties ...
You have dementia.
U have DTS. Seek info that is not convoluted by the Globalist Agenda of making slaves like you
To whom is this addressed?
Ignorance as I said. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SlOH_iKxPus&t=165s … BTW KKK started by DEMS after Lincoln freed slaves. American History
Why did you cut funding for them then?
AWESOME
Mr President I beg you to do what ever it takes to remove the idiot in North Korea. Do not leave our children a nuclear powered wack job.
You are trying to cut the @uscoastguard budget by 1.3B?!..Eye Roll....
But you wish to cut their budget!
Remember when you said you had a bad heel and didnt serve. #Coward
You love them so much you want to cut funding to them, now that's MAGA isn't it?
Finally we agree on something.
What about amazing average citizens who risk life and limb to help others in need?
What about all the plain folk that were out there reusing people
Yet you slashed the Coast Guard budget.  Why?
I dunno maybe because there is a lot of wasteful spending and by cutting their budget it forces them to be more efficient with the tax
You probably just like the coast guard because their color matches your skin tone
You love them when it looks good on you. Dude, you were talking about cutting CG funds. #youreanidiot
Does that mean you will keep them in the budget?
God bless all of our military who are serving & assisting those in need God bless America
Americans Love Our President! He is most involved President Ever! Thank you President and First Lady!
And they are our military heros too
But their branding! #FakePresident
You're probably cutting their funding as you tweet
Amazing, aren't they?
Fact check... 15,000 lives saved by coast guard. Impossible...
I'm sure the number will continue to rise as the CG catches up on all the computer entries they will have to do.
And yet you still plan to cut their funding.
Our incredible U.S. Coast Guard saved more than 15,000 lives last week with Harvey. Irma could be even tougher. We love our Coast Guard!
Why tge fuck is a us president active on fucking twitter
Yes & News spoke 2 several of them & 3 of them were Dreamers from Mexico. Also, I heard Mexico is lending help 2 Texas!
As much as u bad mouth my ppl, their still helping USA. So I guess when U build ur wall u'll throw them over? U r ungrateful human being!
Yes, we love our coast guard.  You love yourself!
But you're cutting their funding by a billion so how's that gonna help when Irma hits, Jose following behind and Katia is heading 2 texas?
Semper Paratus!
as a sailor, I really appreciate the coast guard.
Mr President, I read your updates and no farther. For me, it's all I am interested in. The idiots that post, have no life or intelligence
More than you will ever do in your life... You are destroying our lives! Not to mention a Five Time Draft Dodger COWARD!!
Hey do you think there is not a Climate Change after these natural desasters??? Answer NOW!!!!!
Our Coast Guard is second to none
Amen god bless all first responders
So much so that you wanted to cut its budget.
It's cutting wasteful spending to make these organizations use tax dollars more efficiently. Why is that so hard for you people to get?
"Wasteful spending"  for many in GOP, "any spending that doesn't directly affect me."
So you're not going to cut their funding now?
Good job doing your job.
I'd be worried if I were them because you love rhe dreamers!!
If you love the Coast Guard then give them more funding more ships more helicopters & more personnel the Coast Guard is very important
I hope you plan to raise their budget to cover these expenses and your maralago trips.
Then why are you cutting their funding?? #uscoastguard
No thanks to you
So why are you proposing huge cuts to the Coast Guard budget?
We are strong. We love our fellow Americans and we pull together when it is important
呵呵呵

Provide them with more funds/more ships!!
For once...just ONCE even could you say or write something that doesn't look like a nine-year-old came up with it.?!?!?!?
GOD BLESS AMERICA
MR TRUMP IAM THE RICHEST LIVING PRINCE OF LORD KRSNA DWARAKA GOLDEN CITY IF COAST GUARD SAVED 15,000 LIVES GETUP WE USE MY FAMILIES GOLD IMF
Then why do you want to cut their budget. HYPOCRITE
Give them back their funding!
Amen unsung heros
Then PLEASE..Don't cut their funding!
Thank You
And you want to cut there budget what a hypocrite
Why are you planning on cutting their funding then genius?

Your not an advertiser your the President.  Kuddos Coast Guard
God Bless All The Mighty Men & Women in The U.S. Coast Guard for their Bravery to battle any weather.
As Houstonian, it truly galls me to have what people here are going through called "tough"...disastrous, catastrophic come to mind.
That's why you planned millions of cuts to the USCG?
#LauraSilsby
It's so nice not to have a politician running our country but an experienced business man , America is in good hands.#trump
You're right, they are incredible. So why have you proposed cutting their budget?
If you loved the Coast Guard,  you wouldn't be slashing their budget! You love to look like you care, but you don't. #TrumpResign
Highways were like a parking lot, gas shortages, tried to leave twice! No rooms available. Sitting duck waiting for direct hit in SW Fl.
Weather channel  advising us to leave, where are you supposed to go? The parking lots on I95 and I75? Where do you find shelter or gas?
What about the national guard and local authorities and responders
Loser, remember when you wanted to cut the CGs budget.
You are an awesome President and have such a loving heart!  Thank you Mr. President.
Super zgree
I remember you wanting to cut funding for the coast guard.
Together, we despise you!
Coast Guard did great...but it wasn't 15,000 people. They say 11,000. You always exaggerate.
JAI BHEEM  <> JAI TRUMP
Climate change is a myth
Irma was tuff but Floridans are tougher
Spoken by the FIVE TIME DRAFT DODGER!
Thank you Boss, you're awesome as well!
DRINK MORE LUPINA
And you are cutting funds to them, go figure.
Umm you wanted to cut their funding
Didn't you say you're going to cut there budget. Brilliant!!!!
Chastity, learn how to spell like at least a 3rd grader
First thing ever that I've agreed with you on. Glad you're at least acknowledging the good that our CG is doing.
NICE!!! THE ONLY BRANCH OF THE MILITARY THAT YOU CUT MONEY AND RESOURCES....AND YOU SAY YOU SUPPORT THE MILITARY. NOT SO MUCH....SAD!!!!
That's great
Thank you POTUS for all your hard work!
Brainiac, remember you are planning to cut CG budget by 1.3 B. But of course build a 2000 mile wall. We have 12k miles of unprotected coast
GOD BLESS OUR  U.S. Coast Guard
Agree
Hey Donnie John remember a few months back...you wanted to cut CG funding?  I do!Guess you'll eat those words. CGs deserve better than you!
Heros well deserve our trust,
But not the likes of you.
You know not Love, but only lust:
Your instinct is to screw.
#ImpeachTrumpNow
You sound like a whore from Norshore Theatre. Andrea?
If you love the Coast Guard why are you making huge cuts to there budget?
They're under- funded and will further budget cuts....  what are YOU going to do about it.
I'm sure Coast Guard is doing a great job. Why do I think you made up an exaggerated number???

Our taxes help pay their salary! How about yours?
Hell Yeah!
Thank you for mentioning and thanking the Coast Guard!
They are the greatest in the world are hidden Army God knows and our president
Then why are you decimating them with budget cuts??????
And you want to gut the Coast Guard.  Do you have a clue what you are doing?  Very very doubtful.  Believe me. SAD!
Even with federal cuts !
With all that is happening we need to help America quit bitching about who is pres and grow up America haters need to deal
Great work Mr @realDonaldTrump God Bless you and bless every one support humanity .#111
then why propose to cut their funding?
That, we do.
BRAVO!!!!
That's one fuckin big boat

Awesome work ! That was quick
Ur A great president & man
Thank you Coast Guard!  Godspeed in Florida.  Keep trying to MAGA @realDonaldTrump.  Don't let the crazies get you off track.  God bless!
The U.S. Coast Guard, brought to you by the immigrant Alexander Hamilton! Yay immigrants!
Shut the F... up!
And you could save 800,00 dreamers.
Wake up Ed. It's not climate change that the president says is a hoax, it's the notion that it is "man made".
You seem to want to destroy all you say you love. You are wanting to gut Coast Guard funding.
Hollow Praise  #NoTrumpHasEverServed
Homeless women are on Brandon Blvd..Brandon Florida crying & begging for shelter from the storm.
As a deep water sailor I often kid my Coast Guard brethren but when a ll is said and done I am proud of you guys and I pray for you. #brave
LIAR! You're PREVENTING transgenders to serve the nation! Who know how many of these heroes are one of them! You made KKK & alike happy!
From what I hear Cuba do a better job in saving lives within natural disasters, more streamed line and efficient, we should learn from.
If you love them so much then why do you want to cut their budget??
You don't love the coast guard. You said defund them. You hate the CG.
But we hate the Commndant of the CG who defied your order on transgender freaks serving. We don't need them!!
Sorry Ed about the wake up comment. Obviously you're up 24 hours a day replying to The Presidents tweets.
You have led the American people on a big fat lie and now we're beginning to see your true colors. I'm so disappointed I voted for you.
Beginning? His true colors were always out there. You just saw what you wanted to see.
MSNBC MORONS NEED TO STICK TO NEWS AND LEAVE WEATHER TO FOX AND THE WEATHER CHANNEL!
Brian Williams MORON AND Bill idiot weather guy!  Listen to Al ROKER HES SMARTER THAN YOU  ROOKIES!
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1481469125273474&id=7297163299&ref=bookmarks …
