I  feel most people don't know the branches of Government.  Straight up stupid.
are you reading your tweets? Rest of the world is. You are hurting us the American people. Real people.
you guys are so blindly going after big tax breaks you are there to govern for us!
我讨厌你
Resign from Trolling!
How can You be a role model to youth with this comments? Just shut up!
Friend Trump. He demanded that the popular crowd not be allowed to bomb Tal Afar
all of us have google in the palm of our hand. We know fake. And we do our own fact checking
you and your clansmen can blow the twitter internet of all you want. Fake president.
Honored to meet this years @SenateYouth delegates w/ @VP Pence in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse. Congratulations… htt...
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
at least our information is real from real sources.
so degrading. Having these rich billionaires treating us like we don't understand.
your blindly turning your eye and ear away from the American people. And don't seem to care.
racist!
Must've been dull compared 2teen beauty pageants w/ half naked girls changing backstage. PERV!
To our future, the Constitution is our greatest gift. Read it, appreciate it and protect it!!!
Take home with you that Global Government is not the answer to man for they enslave man.
Take from Washington not the corrupt & money changers but for the greater good of US citizens!
Pray for our future to see the American People as One in Freedom. How precious freedom is!
اسطوره العصر وزعيم القرن آلو أحد والعشرون
wish it was still the practice  in America judge had a choice youth jail or military  service
chills
Trump / Pence r xcllnt EXAMPLE for the youth. Trump/Pence inspire ALL to DO and be BETTER!
So is this your first foray into the resurrection of the Hitler Youth?
DO Ever plan 2 leave the walls of the WH?? Except, of course, 2 fly 2 yr FL home !!!?
That was so awesome!
where are the minority faces? STEPFORD CHILDREN
You missed an apostrophe.A President should use correct grammar.
fake media never covered this! Re-tweet real Media here! CA sad!
Your EGO is out of control!
this reminds me of another leader in Europe in the 40's that had a " Youth Movement "
they were laughing at you. Your the example of who not to be.
I want McCain gone to the old folks home where he belongs.
you need to give the people the right to fire the people we elect.
year's  not years
lets Declare war against terrorist in those countries if we have troops engaged in T.O.O no fly
Thanks for cutting funding to feed underprivileged students# elitisthorsesass
the children of the future who have a great beginning to make the world a better place
@mcgrew_mac @SenateYouth @VP @WhiteHouse PRESIDENT TRUMP, WE ARE SOPROUD OFYOU, STANDING UP IN THE FACE OF UNFAIRNESS!
Teach Youth to maintain RESPECT for their country..that is where the DEMS are failing !
i would never expose my child to someTHING like @realDonaldTrump :) @SenateYouth @VP @WhiteHouse
shut up
The future of America we must deliver them the truth and nothing but the truth So help us God
Thank God the young girls didn't need to undress. #pervert
meet the destroyers of usa
if that was one of my kids they would never get near you #pedophile #rapist
The best part of your tweets are the replies. How do u stand being the butt of so many good jokes?
great idea your the greatis
Trump, can excel (almost) at standing still for "photo op"...just don't let him open his mouth
I certainly hope no young woman is ever left alone with you as you are a pervert.
I would love to insult you... but that would be beyond the level of your intelligence.
Why? When Pence always seems th last to know even after he has done their dirty work.
It's u Donald Trump Bragging how all compare this ass to P. Jackson. Needs serious mental care
He's standing up there talking abt nothing. We r stupid around th world. America is respected
GREAT! GREAT! Job, Don't stop, keep the pressure ON!  LeftWings foaming at the mouth hehehehe
You do know that Pence is out for your job, right?
when will you be releasing your tax returns like you said you would? #TaxReturns
hello
MR PRESIDENT ARE YOU ABLE TO REVERSE THE MARIUHANA LAW PLEASE THIS PEOPLE ARE SMOKING ARE SICK
#showusyourtaxes
*year's
Oh my God, these young innocents wll b made n2 those like Hitlers Youth Club. Kds- stay good
Why are u standing so far away from the youth?

Parenting is hard. http://on.cc.com/2nAbwSW  
I wonder how many of them wished PBO was standing there instead of you?
let all those young women know that they will not have the same opportunities of growth as men during your reign as cheeto
a lot of white faces. Where is the diversity?
those poor children. This has to be some sort of child abuse.
*year's, @realDonaldTrump
It's gr8 2  such promising minds, and hearts, & it's gr8 2 know they're in gr8 hands  #MAGA
Did you grab any of the women by the pussy?
Hopefully,  well-chaperoned
you brought them to a place full of wiretaps?!?
when are you going to meet with the Veterans Groups?! Disabled vets need an increase! Badly!
LoveTrumpLove 
Just found out Obama had my wires tapped in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found
.@realDonaldTrump @SenateYouth @VP .@WhiteHouse "year's" - you're welcome. (Or as you would spell it, "Your willkum.")
#SenilityInChief
The Swamp
God Yahweh be with you all
blessings
How many of those poor kids are you looking at as fresh meat perv?
Love our @POTUS, he's a builder in many ways!
how much did you pay them to feign any sort of interest in you?
RUN kids! RUN from the pussy grabber!
You don't even know what this means, do you @realDonaldTrump?@SenateYouth @VP @WhiteHouse
.@realDonaldTrump @SenateYouth @VP @WhiteHouse wow #SenateYouthSoWhite
- sad there's not a better role model for them... the liar in chief is a sad prize.
Really Don, really!?! You're "honored"? You are full of crap and a liar!
I hope you don't molest any of them.
Your mom sent you back to the hospital for a refund.
Hope those girls didn't get too close to you and your "P" grabbing hands!
No time to meet with the veterans you promised to help during your campaign? Too busy, huh??
Their parents should be arrested for child endangerment letting their children near a  pervert
I am extremely honored 
to meet the Senate Youth.
Finally someone who’s willing
to hear some tales of truth.
don't grab nothing.
did ya pop out and scare them like the tour group #gotcha!
look at all that white.
Why don't you check up on eBay and see if they have a life for sale.
as all of them were saying why is it these two unfit officials we have t meet.
Yo mama so fat wen she jumped in the ocean the whales started singing We Are Family.
have you noticed a bunch of them are not clapping????
Gives new meaning to "White House"
Keep your hands off the girls Donnie
*year's. How embarrassing to have a president who can't read or write.
Its okay mr Trump
more paid protestors??
that is quite a lot of white faces
wow.... look at the abundance of diverse faces. Not.
Most won't report. But I bet we could take a guess
how many of them will you grab by the pussy?
"We The People"
God bless President Donald J. Trump. Keep up the good work!
I'm sure they aren't app honored to meet you...
glad to see you learned how to spell honour :)
please don't grab any of them inappropriately.
Our youth should learn if they want to keep their country? They may have to fight for it.
NO communist government controlled health ins!
Out of 100,000 sperm, you were the fastest?
TRY NOT TO CORRUPT ANOTHER GENERATION #Hitler2.0
