You have the majority behind u. We r counting on u.
I can understand your job is hard work and you are doing it well.its harder than ur public life but that's ur signature. Keep it up commande
 God can you be any more pathetic? 
They said Trump would NOT win election Trump's tweets R NOT going down. FAKE NEWS!
No, thank you Mr. President.
あなたは1ぽん本のペニスです
@cnn 
WE LOVE OUR @POTUS
The graphics dept has taken to drinking now
Lol
CNN just said if the election was now you'd BEAT HILLARY CLINTON even more than last year !!! #MAGA
No Regrets: 96 Percent of Trump Voters Stand By Their Decision

NOW @GOP DO UR JOB !!

…
And if an election was held right now with Trump against a drover's dog, you'd have your first canine president, so your point is moot.
iunno, looks like fake news to me.
LOVE our President Trump!!!
Hello Russian bot, how is the weather in Moscow today?
Libs really are vacuous
I'd rather be vacuous than traitorous, ignorant and uneducated
And yet, there you are: all that...and then some
Ah, good old fashioned projection, try again sweetheart

Why should  he ?
Can you read a book for a change? Have you listen to yourself speaking? Not one sentence that make any sense! You're an embarrassment to USA
Jesus fucking Christ. Stop watching tv!!
#StopTweetingAndDoYourFuckingJob
Keep tweeting Mr. President, it's driving the #Left & #FakeNewsMedia 
crazy 
Thank you for loving our country
#SundayMorning

Stop watching @FoxandFriends. You are the President. You must have something more important to be doing

VOTE AND RETWEET: Where should @realDonaldTrump stick his golf clubs?


Why don't you just fucking move to Florida? You obviously don't care about D.C. and don't want to be there.
For agreeing with you, despite logic or sense, no doubt.
dontrump has Ruski ties
don's illegit & full of lies
don's admin full of spies

Russian ties around his neck
He sold us out
What the heck?
Has any president in history had as many citizens march against them?
Still true.
Will the left ever stop crying or is this why we have to hear for the next 8 years??
Thank You President Donald Trump
Seems like Fox and Friends has more sway than his own cabinet ffs...what a shmuck
I thought all news is fake news? Fox and Friends an exception?
You nut jobs Crack me up. Love my President Trump
Do you know there is a larger population that doesn't support you? How about you reach out to us?

VOTE AND RETWEET: Where should @realDonaldTrump stick his golf clubs?
Boo  we need a new president!
He said he wants to build a wall in Mexico
Yeah this president is stupid
I love seeing all the people who love you!  You have soo many who love, respect and appreciate you!   Simply the best, you are loved!
#MAGA @realDonaldTrump #Florida
We the people appreciate you
#Impeach45

Better question what are HRC, Obama, Clapper and Brennan hiding?
No, the question is what are they all hiding.
But getting answers about the sitting president is a bit more important than the others.
Yep.  After removing Trump we can deal with the assorted refuse and debris in his orbit.
Please stay in DC like you promised you are making living in Lake Worth a nightmare!

So, who were polled? @seanhannity @TuckerCarlson @billoreilly @SheriffClarke @KellyannePolls @rushlimbaugh  #fakenews #alternativefacts
People who aren't on the soros payroll would be my guess.  Wake up.
Lol yeah because so many people are standing in line at the bank to cash their checks from Soros. Funny tweet comrade
If you don't think george soros and a handful of others pay people to do things you are nuts.  And im not a russian.......comrade
I'm nuts? Go watch some more infowars.
Lol i was never a big fan of that show.  I dont think all conspiracy theories are true.  I do think our govt. plays us to some extent though
Floridians are very hospitable, honest, dependable & loyal!
and gullible
"Gullible"-LAUGHABLE-Members of the "Moronic Army for @HillaryClinton still hven't realize they stand no chance counterattacking t trumpters

@POTUS rocks!--Snowflakes are still experiencing nightmares frm massive defeat-Perhaps Hillary needs another walk in the woods, Tracie..LOL!
Haha, I do believe you're right, Lovetta!
FLA hates you - pay your own way for your golf trips
@POTUS The most hated president!  @DonaldJTrumpJr
No he is one of the most Loved. Open your eyes and really see what he has accomplished. Jobs, getting criminals out of our country etc
My eyes are open, and all I see is a supreme court justice that's been nominated
And those jobs? Don't make me laugh, those are because of Obama's policies, they expire in October. Trump had nothing to do with it
They would've happened regardless who who was elected president.
A #DEPLORABLE ABOARD? 65 MILLION AMERICANS FLUSHED THE TRAITOR @realDonaldTrump @wonderfullone #notmypresident @isitreallysin @IMPL0RABLE
Thank you Donald Trump for dumping toxins in lakes - Lake Worth
Streams feed lakes. Lakes feed streams. Water feeds all our food and all our children.

I like the extra long tie... And those eyes, those dreamy racist eyes! Wow!
Thank you Lake Worth, Florida. @foxandfriends...
#Fvck you Worth less, fvck.
Somebody is tweeting and watching Fox instead of getting security briefings from National Intelligence again.
How are national progressive PACS not advertising on Fox & Friends? It should be the primary liberal platform to speak direct with 45.
I am watching Preibus on Meet the Press. He said , "President won overwhelmingly". Must truly be brainwashed trying to keep the baby happy
You lost. Accept it. So who's the "baby"???
Yes he won. 72,000 total difference between 4 states w/ electoral college. That is NOT overwhelmingly. Look at his favorability polls-LOL
I don't give a hoot if he won by 1 GD vote!!! He won!! Get on board, or do you wish USA failure to get ur alt-left progressive agenda back??
How come you didn't get on board when the last president won? Just curious.
I gave him a pass 1st term. It was a disaster. 2nd term was worst "leadership" in my life. Gimme Jimmy Carter back bad!! #ObamasLegacy
PLEASE turn off the TV and do your job. Read a briefing. Refresh your memory on the nuclear triad. Learn something about Frederick Douglass.
Read? Memory? Learn?... 

Wh @realDonaldTrump... You're kidding, right Matthew...
Stop promoting Fox News. They're as fake as you.
How do you like those CNN / MSNBC ratings?
After months of wasted time & tax payer funds still no proof provided How long must Endure
I bet you supported paying for, what was it, 10+, Benghazi investigations for Hillary? One successful investigation into Russia will be fine
4 US ppl died n Benghazi still no one held accountable for lies & cover up Y not
A Republican is recorded saying that funding for better and more security there was not a priority. There's who to blame.
Was HRC in charge of state dept and security? One statement overrode her? Not....
She requested funding for more security. Republicans denied it. She was solely responsible....not
"Thanks Lake Worth for another controlled carefully screened audience of folks who obediently adore me and never care about my incompetence"
We are behind you 100% down here sir! #FL4TRUMP #MAGA
Fake quote: Fake tan
Maybe you could turn off the TV and instead release your tax returns like you promised SO MANY TIMES. 

Try to keep one campaign promise.
How about Hillary release all the deleted emails, Obama release all his sealed records etc. who cares aboutvTrump's taxes, security is 1st
On your tombstone it will say "But what about her e-mails?"
We don't like u...
Ms 13 alt hq
Please don't come back you cost us an arm and a leg.
Keep fighting amongst ourselves. Keep believing the lies and picked 
over facts. Keep spreading the hate and ignorance.....Good sheeple!


Lake Worth wishes you'd stay in DC for a long while.
GO HOME DONALD
Thank you, Fox and Friends!  No one else will believe me!  Help - send golf ballsif you like me!
LOL, In Florida again, more golfing...
Wow, why because a few people showed up at your rallies your losing complete control of the White House and your corrupt staff your corrupt
This fucking orange meat wad is too afraid to attend the correspondent's dinner.
Leave trump alone he's the sledge hammer,Donald keep up what you are doing
For what????
Yeah! You tell him!
*Sigh*  #unfittrump #failingtrump
No, thank YOU!! And DON'T release your taxes. Ticks off the libs & we don't care. 
Wow. You don't care that the POTUS is likely bought and paid for by the Russians and Deutschebank?
Bot & a boring, stupid one @ that.
Sad when fox is the only news you trust. They only tell the truth about 20% of the time and are riddled with unethical assholes. #fakenews
Trump help me get in the army. The United States needs a soldier like me
Lol
FFS
Thank you racist old wypipo. You elected a monster.
For what?
Majority of ppl Love you.
Typical
All you do is golf & watch fox & friends
Florida wants you to pay for your excessive trips to Florida after you promised to stay in the White House
Please stop live tweeting that shitty show.

#NoFlyZone4Rojava
@POTUS Sounds like Fox is a cesspool filled with sexual predators... Now Hannity is being looked at.
You should thank them your shit is costing them a fortune.
YOU ARE A TRAITOR TO AMERICAN PEOPLE
Are you going to move there and give the rest of us some peace?
Florida hates you. Go away
They hate you!
So extatically HAPPY WE HAVE TRUMP BEST PRES SINCE Reagan and will surpass him before the end of this year
Keep watching @foxandfriends. God help us all. Are you a president or a TV critic? between golfing and TV I don't know who runs the country

... just wanted to tweet something
Aah!
Feeling much better now! #Great !!!
another visit, I'll be sure to come and play golf with you at Mar-a-Lago

Fake news

As @POTUS you don't have enough to do that you have time to watch Fox, tweet & golf? Maybe if you read you could expand your vocabulary.
Stop it already with the tweeting. Study vocabulary. Turn off TV. #DontheCon #Trumprussia #resist
The hanky you licked to the floor: fox and friends.
Thank you, Donald, for single handedly transforming our Nation to 3rd world status.
Least popular president in modern times.
Florida loves and needs you prez big time 
If you and your damn ignorant supporters want a wall start a fund me account and raise the money yourself.  Leave our tax $'s alone.
they hate you also
corrupted and worst 100 days in america history; this country going like as drifting boat! sinking without any hope; we are sold out to a! -
Release ur taxes
#MAGA #TrumpPence2020
Hi Mr. Bannon...got bigger space in TIME than Don
Once again, you and Faux news stealing the thunder from someone else's accomplishment. coverage was there for a book reading not your ego.
You can keep running your #foxandfriends propaganda, but it's still not true and most of us know it.
Get up here and visit Alaska!
Again on Trump State Media?? When will you appear on mainstream media? Not everyone has cable. President for all?? Guess Not
Puke!!! You are so easily fooled. Legend in your own mind, orange one. #LiarsTellingLiesAboutTheLiesTheyTell
Tax returns?
FAKE NEWS...
Please stop using our tax money to visit Florida and use that money for climate change instead. #balancedbudget
Stop watching fox and friends! Go to a briefing! Talk to someone who disagrees with you once in a while, holy frack
WE DON'T WANT YOU HERE
Keep up the great work your doing
Everyone in Lake Worth wants to see your tax returns.
Your circle is getting smaller and smaller @realDonaldTrump .  Your lies are catching up to you.
I'm sorry lake Worth
Spent many happy years raising my kids in Lake Worth. We were saved together at a church there. Good memories! 
Stay the hell out of Pennsylvania, we hate u here
