he sounds like he really cares(about mar-a-lago)
Wouldn't you? That's what I thought.
NO, I wouldn't be a GREEDY PIECE OF ! I'd be concerned about MY country & safety of it's citizens! not a money b/4 life GREEDY douche bag!
You cant care for more than one thing at a time?
I care 4 many things, I just HATE greed & douche bags! tRUMP is a greedy douche bag!
I'm sure if I gave you ten million dollars you would just donate all of it, right?
as 2 the 10 million, give half 2 saving animals, and half 2 feeding & housing humans! that's what I'd do. peace.
I'll take your word for it.
Way a go mr. President for handling this situation with the hurricane Irma.
Businessmen look for ways to mitigate crises, politicians look for ways to 'USE' a crises to destroy each other and raise money.
U aren't monitoring pple around U R. Sit in the corner like a good #FakePresident while the adults handle this crisis. TY #TheResistance

Thought u said there's no such thing as climate change? How do u explain the severity of this storm and Jose is to follow?
I believe in man made climate change, however that doesn't mean these hurricanes are evidence for or against.
So how does man effect the sun, & the effects of the sun on our atmosphere & earth!!!  The sun & moon have more effect on then my car or cow
Just bcus YOU don't understand it doesn't mean it's not real. I'm sure you don't understand quantum physics. That doesn't make it #FakeNews
Any chance one of the official government messages could be along the lines of "#climatechange is happening, it's on its way to Florida"
More along the lines of the big " once in 100 years " ..the deer are still hiding. It is natural that climate changes.
Not natural it changes at the rate its changing now though. Wonder why? How many once in nth year disasters will you need to listen
Stop being so uneducated.
Will do 45, I believe Dem Reps have called for your impeachment.
Stop already. Do you see now why we need govt agencies funded to handle disasters ?
Praying for the people of Florida.  Proud we have a POTUS who cares for our country!
Are you talking about the guy who frequently has denied #climatechange ? And now is unable to take responsability ? Hard to call that "care"
So much losing.  So transparent.  So pathetic.  Forced photo ops do not equal sane and rational policy.  It looks more like you need friends
You guys would complain about anything he does or says. Even it's the same thing your lord and savior Barack Obama.
Pretty much

Seriously have you had mud or anything like water in your tiny boots besides bs...prob not even been dirty physically other than ethically
...well they match your hands troublesome growing up without a microscope
Why don't you go down there Donnie and stand outside like the reporters are doing putting their lives at risk? Only thing fake is YOU!
You so didn't write this tweet.
After the storm, let's ralk about the Paris Accord and #climatechange
Whats ralk?
More people asked him to be! Needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few!
"Heed ALL instructions from government officials"? I'm not sure how grabbing women by the pussy will keep people safe from the storm...
Not with those tiny little hands, it won't
Why don't you send help to Montana?
WHAAAT?!?!? https://twitter.com/RealMuckmaker/status/905913565021908992 …
I love My President Trump! Thank you God. 
Yes.. it's still a hoax
We finally have a true Commander and Chief in the White House.  Thank GOD.  That's my President!
It's true, if you consider Putin a "true Commander and Chief" since the whithehouse is now under Russian control
#Pathetic #Trump has the leadership skills of a 5th grade class president
Whether these storms are God's judgment,or due to global warming. It is a call to prayer and to finally come together as one Nation.
You're enormous. And destructive.  Gtfo!
dear trump , sometimes u have to think monkeys that USAGE OF PENTAGON is creating the hurricanes so heavy but not like monsoon as india?um*+
This storm is global warming and sadly there will be many more in the future #GlobalWarming
A storm which pales into insignificance when compared to the destructive power that is sadly in your hands. I fear for the world.
Climate change anyone?
Pardon me? That's what I keep hearing on @CNN -- but I thought they were fake news? And Rush said it's all hype. What's a GOPer to do?!
I hope you have the checkbook out Donald Trump. Screw a wall, we need to take care of US citizens. This is why we have a government...
We'd have plenty of money for our people if we weren't supporting so many ILLEGALS
We don't support them, they don't qualify for anything, they are illegal silly...
They ARE illegal..and getting money from my government
Nope, you must be a troll. Non citizens don't qualify for aid...
#Saint #Kitts & #Nevis saved from #Hurricane #Urma because the Nation was called to Prayer by their Prime Minister.
For years scientists have been warning us of the destructive power of storms caused by climate change. Too bad your ignorance > than your IQ
Storm 45 hit the White House in January! The U.S. hasn't been the same since! #nocoverageforthis #45resign #TrumpRussia
You must be Trump because you spelled "goodbye" incorrectly! There is no freedom or liberty now. America is embarrassed! #nazipresident

Thank you CNN for all your hard work to keep the people of Florida safe. When the storm is over remember who was there for you.
CNN not only media there? Oh Everyone State/Federal/FEMA/1stReponders/military/HS/Health/SaysStorm of 100yrs Yet Better Organized by Potus
Under George Bush and Obama ppl say Government did nothing HS help was too late yet these lasted Storms R History making storms like 1912
It will still be your fault when those that refuse to leave need help. Katrina? Bush?

Who is the Red Cross accountable to for the proper use of millions in donations ?
Spending money on climate change reduction policies is less expensive than natural disasters. You're a businessman. Think about that.
It's bull..
"Climate change isn't real"

IS IT STILL MANDATORY FOR EVERYONE TO SIGN UP FOR THE DRAFT LIKE I HAD TO WHEN I TURNED 18 TO PROTECT THE GREAT USA Mr. President
Fuck that, did you see those idiots on the beach before the storm surge? Some americans will always say to hell with common sence...
#AdrenalineJunkies
This is a President with enormous destructive power. IMPEACH him now!

#WorstPresidentEver
Be nice tyee
Mr. Trump can you use anything above a fifth-grade level English to describe catastrophic events
Yes, u can really feel and see the climate change right now - oh sorry I forgot  -  u don't believe in climate change.
How about you release your tax info....
Please stop wasting taxpayers money on this drivel. And in the meantime, why don't you pay some taxes? #impeach45
This is a president of enormous destructive power, and I ask everyone in the President's path to heed the US Constitution.
#ImpeachTrumpNow
#ImpeachTrumpNow
 #ImpeachTrumpNow
 #ImpeachTrumpNow
You are an unnatural disaster. Hurricane Donald. Category 5 shitstorm.
According to your buddy @rushlimbaugh this is all a hoax so you and nature must be part of the "Deep State" conspiracy -Sad
As Our Unhinged Liar&Chief UR a Storm of Enormous Destruction to USA&the World.Never know what direction U will turn #MuellerIsComing
This is a presidency of enormous destructive power.  Just look what he has done to the USA already.  Good time to relocate.
It's not thanksgiving and this Turkey just can't stop !
I don't believe anything you say.
You should do same:  show your tax records.
I'm sure your shitting for Mar-a-Lago, YOU CREEP!!
Good idea POTUS, do same when u get subpoenaed
By the way POTUS m, we don't need you to focus just on Mar-a-Lago. You can rebuild while majority of us Floridians can't!
Time to sit down with @EPAScottPruitt and discuss climate change. It's not a hoax!
Jr you should not be tweeting ~ you're under serious investigation by the @FBI
Can #HurrcaneIrma & Harvey make #Trump to realize the devastation  of #GlobalWarming ?
Now you can understand the consequences of the #climatechange and #globalwarming.
Thank you President Trump for having guts!!!
you smell like treachery. Traitor!
U believe know in #climatechange? U better
Please come to Englewood Fla.#HurricaneIrmaAftermath
Its like the climate has changed huh?

They aren't white Europeans, they qualify 4 affirmative action
DACA makes new class of people, beating our kids not on merit but 'diversity'
Presidents are replaceable, America is not.
You Rock sir!!! Will do
Not a "Fake news "?..#LOCKHIMUP #CorruptFamily #CROOKEDTRUMP #Impeach #25thAmendmentNow #RussiaMoney #TheDeplorableFamily #TrumpKKK
It's like something is happening w/ storms worse storms & a hotter world! Maybe CLIMATE CHANGE that 99% of scientists agree is caused by man
The government is the problem. Not the solution. -Ronald Reagan
tôi yeu các bạn
So much for draining the swamp
ياترامب أطفال اليمن،ونسائه،وشيوخه من المدنين في مساكنهم ومقار اعثالهم بطائرات وصواريخ امريكا،وقنابل محرمة د وليا بعيد عن قواعد الإشتباك،
Head indoors!  That thing on your head could end up in CLEVELAND!
We LOVE that you UNABASHEDLY proclaim the name of God in your administration!! We worship God and NOT Government! #MAGA
Tweet on, Mr.Presedant, you're doing a great job exposing your predecessor.  B.O. Was a joke !
Bannon on 60 minutes.    Awesome !!!! 
Great job
dear trump , better think about 30000 green cards 2 Europe settlements to solve congested Europe & also help haunted sort usa2day? fbi/um*
Please help our USVI.  Guns have been stolen from St.John Customs office and the police are not enforcing the laws, allowing looting.
Handing out your hats won't help
Is this another FAKE storm video from the WH?  Where's Ty Cobb when you need an adult in the room??  Fake president, fake news!
Still think global warming is a myth you ASSHAT???
Nobody reads notes from index cards less compellingly than Donald J Kaos @potus. He's the real disaster. #Irma #Irma2017
You should inform the weather men on the weather channel! 
The Weather brought to you by Donald JA Trump who has nothing better to do than tweet his weather report. #resign #TheResistance
President Trump Is Doing A Great Job !!!!  ****  ????
We will,pray for us,Thank You President Trump
@Herbsistah  How he is incapable of showing compassion or care for Americans without reading it is truly mind boggling.

My new favourite gif 
But not from scientists who have been warning of this right!?
Please, Donald, check out the eye of Irma. Take your phone so you can tweet us a picture. Wear your big old red tie so we can identify you.

So profound!
Such leadership!
LOL
Your buddy, Rush thinks it's fake news.
Good message. Too bad we all know you didn't write it.
We are good MR President.. thanks for your concern. In Fort Lauderdale here.
And it's name is Donald Trump.
This doesn't show much, sadly. Reading from preprepared notes to very intelligent cabinet members. Who was this production for? Seriously!
Go away, liar. Did the Russian ambassador tell you to say that when you met him yesterday? #traitor #liar #liarinchief
Oh Donald, did your hurricane director tell you to say that?
@potus.  Fake climate change, right?? You ignorant populist!  Say something about your sayings!  Or for the first time you can keep quiet??
Omg this is embarrassing 
AMERICA needs a potus
God be wiht you ım vr vr soory
#trumpSPEWS RANT #AMERICANSCAN'T SEE sickness TRUMPHEAD CUTS BUDGET AGENCIES #IRMA #EPA SO #TOXICELEMENTS FLOW  AMERICAS #H2O #AQUIFERS

Actually, there is a vry gud chance they can't read ur warning,u should hve announced d warning dys ago but wait,u don't believe in science
" Have a good Time "- DJT to  Harvey Victims!
If you're a Spanic, don't worry, ICE will be coming to "evacuate" you. We love the non-hombre Spanics! #MAGA
Yes, @FoxNews, stay put, while CNN and Msnbc media cover Hurricane Irma "LIVE!"
Donald, do you also have a golf resort in Florida?
Ur strategy for Afghanistan bring more strong storm then this, so please don't send more troops to Our Dear Afghanistan.
voters crash Google with "heed"
But they gotta take their pets with them when evacuated too, not like in Texas where dogs´ve been left tied outside!!! @Freja_Petersen
We leave in Florida and I have 4 cats and 4 dogs and some of them are sick,we're praying that this storm  would not do any more damage!
Thanks for the propaganda. We know you're useless, you don't need to share video to prove it. Just stop trying to clean image. We know you.
Said Gen Kelly
Thank you for the prayer and heart of compassion. I am proud to call you my President.
Resign
Talking of an enormous destructive power....
Not too great cutting funds to FEMA & Coast guard & denying Climate Change, you look really really really stupid & incompetent now 
#RESIGN
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Sr Trump ,desde Chile le ruego eliminar al coreano KIM JONG UN; se hombre está destruyendo nuestro planeta sin que ningún pais se oponga ..
Stop acting like you care
Un vrai Président, pas une imitation comme @EmmanuelMacron
naic
Some people can't afford to leave roads are full shelters are full gas is depleted some have no where to go that's sad pictures tell it all
Say some thing about Barma،s Muslims
You pander to Christians who worship a god of whom there is no proof, but fail to listen to proven scientific fact! #FailedFakePotus
Rush Limbaugh said it was fake news and a liberal conspiracy. Open your eyes and stop being a climate change denier.
Yes
We don't need your advice. We have the Free Press keeping us informed #IrmaHurricane
And god knows you know all about destructive power
Ur going down, traitor!!!
Mueller wants to question six current and former aides in the current WH; I guess you will be looking to distract this week?
Do you believe in Climate Change now? Or are you still in denial? #ParisAccord
The irony of asking other people to follow the rules.
@realDonaldTrump are you going to accept your nations CO2 emissions are contributing to climate change?
No, because they don't
Haha! When 97% of the thousands of scientific papers say it does, that puts you in the minority. But I never argue with stupid. #pointless
Trump Gov officials  with no contingency plan at all but a opportunity for this snakes to capitalize on tragedy!  @JudiciaryDems
I ain't heeding any of your instruction #fucboi
All of your tweets sound like they're presented by one of Michael Bay's screenwriters.
You should negotiate with storm. Stand in front of it and fire Irma! Then you'll make American great again
#science matters. Climate change is real
It's great watch reality invade so many people's small narrative! When have we ever had a President who called for 3 days of prayer? Never.
Donald Trump marks his first 9/11 commemoration as President: 'We honor every hero who keeps us safe and free.'
@realDonaldTrump please investigate the Red Cross.  Millions collected and little goes to the victims of these disasters.
And the reason for #Irma's enormous destructive power? Enormous additions to Earth's greenhouse effect.
dear trump , check by FBI who is robbing pentagon which is like Hillary or ivanka or mel Gibson brave heart maybe ? is it monkey bush jr?um*
This storm is nothing in comparison to what 40 million Illegal immigrants have done to our culture and country over the last 30 years.
Way to go...best POTUS ever!!!
I love how there's no longer a separation of church and state. First national prayer day (pres proclam..!) and start meetings with prayers
Sad irony that world is experiencing such large storms, caused by global warming, when your admin denies #climatechange
There must be something that we can dump into the middle of storm that will collapse it
That's a hell of a way to refer to your own Presidency.  "storm of enormous destructive power"...yep...that sums it up.
Now, you believe in global climate change?
Get off your big ass ego and talk to previous presidents and ask for some advice...
...Not going to happen because you think you are the smartest person ever! NOT 
Donald it's not all about you!
@POTUS This adminstration is a disaster. Worse than Irma. You should be ashamed of yourself. America needs a leader.
Well I guess Hillary keeps on winning the popular vote at least.61% say retire.
I'm not sure why you felt the need to post this for me I don't give a shit about Hillary Clinton either..
a storm so bad I cut the FEMA budget #TrumpLogic
FEMA is dangerous
more so than a hurricane and flooding and lack of medical services?
Why are fellow Americans not aware that I am held hostage in  and a stranger is claiming to be me in USA? My dad is @MuhammadAli. Explain
Dad I know you dead but I swear I saw a picture of you with @realDonaldTrump who is our countries president now , told him I was kidnapped
I am going to train my president about your hidden history dad, the only blood son of @MuhammadAli was kidnapped and switched in real life
I just letting you know I made it alive and I can point the people who planned to use me to get to my dad as a child . My dads 2nd ex wife
This is a disgrace to humanity and our nation America if you let this people get away with this corruption . America can never be great .
