PUMP ASLUK TURUMP 
DON'T BE MEAN AGAINST TURKIYEYE YOU KIMINED GOLD YEDIR TRICK SELECTION EARNED MONEY

DON'T SPEED WITH THE MUSLIM TURKS
God bless America 
Why
Did you establish any covfefe trade deals?
Stupid camera cuts.

on #Periscope: LIVE from Buenos Aires Argentina women #marchfortruth against increasing gender violence https://www.pscp.tv/w/bAG1BTFheVFWYWtNWWRFcHJ8MXpxS1ZBUmtFVk14QiRU4FivcqGuDK0HdFiYPLn-idQw6mq8zjCs26qdMqR7 …
It's much more fun AND entertaining to watch this with no sound. So what now? Are you going to ban tv controls now?
Choke on a bone, Adolf.
#WeaklyAddress 
As evidenced by his persistent employment of anti semites and other garden variety racists. Please.
Fuck Trump and his feelings. #IstandWithKathy @kathygriffin
Anyone who can stand with someone as despicable as her needs their head and examined. You need to check and see if you have a heart/brain
I sure you were TOTALLY upset when Ted Nugent threatened to assassinate Obama. Fucking hypocrite. 

BTW, Griffin didn't threaten anyone.
Becuase holding a mock severd head of someone isnt threatning at all.
Nugent LITERALLY threatened to Assassinate Obama, and Trump hosted him at the White House. So guess what, FUCK DONALD TRUMP.
Even beyond racist Nugent, they were all for hanging Obama, calling him nigger, gay, Muslim, non-resident, monkey, I mean we could go on!
Exactly!  Republicans are immoral hypocrites. Their beliefs are shit. Their values are shit. And I'm fucking sick of every last one of them.
You need medication dear.

He's a registered Pedophile.
Funny shit

Cater really?
We are praying for you @realDonaldTrump #PrayForTrump #GodBlessAmerica
I'm praying for him too. Praying for him to wake his ass up in prison by 2018.
Who on earth would listen to this putz?
I love how you are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Resign


Lolest
You are doing a fantastic job!!!! Bravo!
Hey Donny this is how us in Pittsburgh feel about you!

Trumps struggles are real
Donnys weekly address is about two scoops of ice cream.. ps- we had them change the flavors to peach and mint
Resign
Bullshitting session...
Make America Sane Again
Stick it in your ear. Pittsburgh doesn't want you.
why no mention to withdraw from Paris accord that's great achievement!!
President Trump is now at his Trump National Golf Club in Virginia. It's his 22nd golf course visit since taking office 19 weeks ago.
Your a Hater and always will be one. You have no interest to review the other side's arguments.
No interest in a honest debate.
Greetings from Pittsburgh, Sir.
Why didn't you attend your #PittsburghNotParis  rally in DC, Sir? 

#fakeleader
Besides you, Joe, who attended this rally that nobody covered?
Nice that you don't address anything that actually matters. Every decision you've made has been terrible for this country!
How can you renegotiate the Paris deal if the original deal was VOLUNTEERED? 
All you had to do was go back in and change the rules!
Your daddy is the greatest American hero of our time he has saved the USA from the loss of their freedoms Justice and Humanity proud Barron



And we appreciate him so much for taking on the toughest job ever!! We pray for you and your family daily! Thank you for being President!
#WeeklyAddress ...

The tide is turning, and we starting to feel the results of #MAGA! The Patriots of America are praying for you and our great country!

Quick delete this tweet
A true American would pull out of U.N. and NATO, and bring our military home from Eastern Europe and Middile East! Puppet!!!
We The people Missed U Mr president.
You can take your address and stick it were the sun don't shine! We're tired of hearing all your LIES!
Strong , confident and determined
IMPEACH #45
. It must be horribly distressing when these foreign trips do not have golf courses nearby to alleviate all the stress of being president.

All these ladies all these haters we have a secret trump 2020 suck on it.
Donnie, who are you talking to?  Americans are not that dumb.
Was able to listen for 6 sec.
Then had to puke.

You are a hog.  I am counting down the days until you move back to NYC.
Thank you for continuing to push on against all the obstruction Sir.  We've got your 6! God bless you and yours.  
MAX HEADROOM WEEKLY ADDRESS
trump's bull shit and hy-pocracy is just flying today  oh and mendacity too
this is really familiar trump tpre talk
AH BRA HOM IC
You're a great man & president- the dems are getting mad, which is why they're setting up these rallies based on lies-
I never listen to your addresses but I'm sure things are the worst they've ever been and the best they've ever been at the same time!
You did a good job President Donald Trump.
sh sh 1st check fix your problem in portland and other problems on your election  division you are creating
India is no. 1 clean terrorist country.  Why you not believe Mr. Trump.  Please don't faith Islamic Countries.
@FLOTUS  wasn't as excited because you control her, don't give her freedom and don't respect women
The liar and chief
He can't see your tweets when your account is private 
Watching your mouth move makes me physically ill #PutinsPuppet #TrumpRussia #PuppetTrump #faketrump #TheResistance #FuckTrump
This is great...... Keep this up..
Shhh....your #Idiocy is showing
M
#MannKiBaat @narendramodi 
The new form of connect between the leaders and their people
DJT, you are a great american!!!! Sorry my country hasn't a leader like you!!!
Thank you for trying to destroy our country. It gives us all a common goal to work towards. Removing you in shame will be fun!!
Who needs sound? All you have to do is look at those pursed little lips and you know a lie is coming forth.


Do the rest of the world a favor and resign already
In a short trip you have hurt our country. Given away our leadership to China or Russia. Lost all credibility in world, Great job Donald!
God Bless you Sir!  Keep it up!  We The People are proud of you.
I mean dude you are glowing like a bottle of tang #impeach45
Got to love the trump
I don't watch these anymore.  My stomach gets sick when I hear all the lies.

Keep the pressure up on our NATO allies to pay their fair share.
Reality check!
The sole purpose of U running was to promote your sick Trump brand.  You are a disgusting flim flam expert with a band of know nothings.
#WorldsWorstSpeaker #Sad
It sounds like you don't mean what you're saying..... #relaxabitthanks
I live your address but please stop blaming President Obama he did his job now it on you. Fix the health care bill make it universe health
Go President Trump! !!the stupid folks will never get it
#MakeAmericaOrangePeople
Do people watch this for laughs? He is better than spicer
The Liberals and the terrorist hate us Mr. President. They hate our freedoms, our rights and our way of life. God destroy them both forever.
Why do you always look like you're constipated?
Awesome review

Idiot
Sir when are you going to release the Leavenworth 10 The War heros put in prison for doing their jobs taking the fight to the enemy
It isnt justice 2 release Manning Gitmo terrorists not prosecute Bergdal and keep these men in prison
Globalist tour with Saudi Arabia, Israel and pope; all anti-American terrorist!
Sounds like a fool and is a fool.
Bullshit. 1000%
Stop spewing such #FakeNews and #alternativefacts 
Because you realy think that one little week abroad will change the world and US destiny ? My god... Either you are naive or you are weak.
Dude, seriously try a laxative.  It will do you wonders.
Hilarious to watch Dems discuss the "camera cuts" instead of the point of the video. Goes to show they'll do anything to avoid discussion!
Cannot watch him
Enough with the lies man, have some dignity.
Was the sun in your eyes some crazy how?
So what are you doing in #London? How are you gonna let the #people #prosper when there is no #earth to #live on?
Yawn...   #Resist
Mr.Trump... Open your right eye...
Pretty good reading Donald. Even if it's made up . You can't look good to America. You have exposed yourself. Lala lala lala la la la la la
Very good decision to pull out of the Paris accord, I applaud you Mr. President
AMERICA'S RIGHT PRESIDENT at RIGHT TIME!
Doing great job, keep it up...I am behind you 100%
Yea!! They taught you to READ, #Dumpy! Next step looking at the camera, but baby steps, we know ur mind is even smaller than ur fingers!
DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF<
Is it me or does this sound like a 6th grade book report?
Is this from the Kremlin? Did you use Russian Cameras for this address? #JustSaying #KushnersRussianBackChannel #ImpeachTrump #Kompromat

@davidcrosss I bet the fucker 50 bucks he couldn't sneak in comparing himself to King Solomon.  He's good.
Golfing AGAIN today Donnie Boy?  Not consoling your son??
how desperate is is reading from the teleprompter... such a stupid orange trumphead XD
Keep passing this let people see the truth he is a good man
best @POTUS ever!
The only country that was happy was Saudi Arabia. They got guns. Pope didn't think much of you, disaster at G7 making NON friends there 
Thank you Mr President for putting America and Americans first.  You are the President America needs now.
Смешное
AWESOME AND ASPIRING. THANK YOU FOR LOVING AND CARING FOR OUR COUNTRY AND ITS GOD FEARING PEOPLE. WE LOVE YOU. AMEN.
Thank you sir.
You were an embarrassment
You CAN'T let Comey testify.  There are some turncoats on your team.  Don't listen to them.
And from the crowd a little boy screamed "He's got no clothes, look at his tinky winkle"
Why won't you release your taxes?
Do you think we could get you to read a book if we played it on that teleprompter ?
Translation...."oink, oink, oink oink oink oink"
I am so PROUD to have you as our President
NO THANKS!!!!!
who can stand to watch this ugly face??
Do you ever look like you are NOT sitting on the toilet?
Your a man with alheimers' and sick mind.
lol no one watches the crap you post on Twitter!
