Well, you should have raised them better. Instead they will go down for doing your dirty work. #TerribleParenting
Yep
@realDonaldTrump @JudgeJeanine Talking points you all got over another dinner with 45 and crew?
There is evidence of obstruction of justice and abuse of power. We are a nation of laws, and no one is above the law.
#IWillDefend @POTUS #MAGA
I'll defend the constitution not the first family that is under investigation.
If they are false then let the investigation prove that. But until then...
"Lock her up" sound familiar hypocrite?
So she is guilty without it being proven? U r the hypocrite
@realDonaldTrump @JudgeJeanine only with the 30% who are still believing in this liar!!!
@realDonaldTrump @JudgeJeanine there will be an uproar in this country if we discover anyone in this admin is a criminal

You misspelled "uprising."

@realDonaldTrump @JudgeJeanine :
What if crimes are proven in a court of law? Should we look the other way?
You can bet on it !
We will not stand for this crap any longer! The establishment is trying to steal our president! We will not let it happen! We voted TRUMP!
Fake friends fake news
Wow! Promoting violence is what Fix does best. I'm not shocked st all but DJT has a 38% approval rating. Uprising will be small.
Keep believing it's small if that's what makes #left feel safe. And you might want to buy extra stuffed animals to hide behind.
Why would we anyone need to do that? Are you suggesting you're going to be using violence? Run out of words so soon?
And only if pushed to the limit will we use violence to win. #America means everything to us!Our freedom means more than you can understand
Yes please lecture us on freedom as you excuse treason
The Irony is lost on this one
Didn't know uproar was synonymous with applause!
Maybe 35% of the country. #MAGA #мошенника #лжец
uproar of laughter
Hey @JudgeJeanine were you ok with the WhiteWater investigation?? That deal had taken place TWENTY YEARS earlier!!!
Judge you are exactly right.  Trying to remove a duly elected president for no reason is a slap to the face of the Americans who voted.
FACE IT You voted for a GD criminal! He should have been in jail years ago
Lol!! U r so brainwashed! Sad! Keep watching yr lib. MSM DNC propaganda machine! Collusion & corruption #Sleaze  #wikileaks #AmericanPravda
Aren't you aware of Trump's past? I have watched him cheat, lie & steal in the real estate world for years. Why should this be different.
Exactly. Anyone in NY Real Estate, Banking & even construction saw it or experienced it.  NYC tried to warn you.
Yr criminals will go 2 jail. Hillary&co have had ppl murdered/Benghazi/fast&furious/Haiti/p4p/Awan/Russia uranium, podesta ties. Spare us
Make the claim. Back it up. Links, please. We're waiting...
I already posted links
Start here with his money laundering violations He is a crook, fraud & con man And man did he con you! https://www.fincen.gov/news/news-releases/fincen-fines-trump-taj-mahal-casino-resort-10-million-significant-and-long …
This isn't about "just getting at POTUS." This is about protecting the integrity of our American democracy and our laws.
You mean the integrity of the dead people and illegal aliens who vote Democratic...
That is what they want you to think. There have been several attempts throughout both Bush administrations to prove it, and they haven't.
Uproar? Try civil war. I will defend him to the end of his presidency, both politically and, if need be, militarily.
Americans will celebrate a system that works when the Trump family is under indictment
An indictment would be issued because illegal acts occurred, not to "get at potus." Nitwit.
Oh but if its not a trump family member then its perfectly fine right
You got that right. The blinders are off and people are aware of what's taking place!!!
How about an indictment against a Trump who broke the law, judge?  If there s an indictment, it will be up to a court to determine guilt.
ABSOLUTELY AGREE!! THEY WILL REGRET IT!!
Not
So... let criminals get away with it, because some Trumpanzees might have fee-fees?
The only ones I've seen get away with anything are Hillary and Obama. But, I deal in facts. #left don't know what facts are!
Yeah, let's hear about your facts.  Name a law broken by Obama and Hillary?
I would keep going, but i have to go to work to support my local democrats and their welfare payments. Thousands of leaches depend on me!
How do you know who gets welfare? And what party one is registered? And what taxes anyone pays?
Typical person who listens & repeats what others THINK w/out ever bothering to find out the facts!  Uneducated & ignorant ppl are dangerous
I am sure he's fine w corporate welfare tho. Typical R move: play on their fears/resentment to distract while making policies for only 1%.
Sure he is but doesn't know it.  I'm pretty sure he hasn't a clue what you're talking about.   
Riddle me this, Fox & Friends, you supported a POTUS who BETRAYED US for Russia and who LIED to USA for his own profits! SAD
Criminals need to be punished.  They shouldn't be aloud to get away with it.
The uproar will occur if no one is indicted. But, don't worry. Mueller and his 17 investigators won't let that happen, LOL. Mueller Time!

it will be a CELEBRATION!!! #LockThemAllUp #TrumpImpeachmentParty
The entire world will join in the celebration!
So Trumps are above law? Is she out of her mind? Or she protests so much because she is complicit?
What if they end up with an indictment just to get to justice?
Yes, but not a big one, dear.
Judge? If there is an indictment,  that's a hint of guilt,  I'm a Trumpeter,  but if he's breaking the law, no one should be above the law
You say "uproar", but I see dancing in the streets - there are FAR more members of the #Resistance than #Cult45. 
you betcha #WeSeeIt !!!
And there will be a roughly 80% larger uproar if trump and his family do not see justice
Yeah!  When Trump is indicted ... an uproaring PAR-TEE!
Additional footage of the uproar
Wow she dumb  AF
The Maxine Waters statement, I see most trouble is "believe Trump will step down soon as all closes in on him and feint he is doing it to protect his son."
Isn't she inciting activity?.....even though she has no clue as to who is guilty or not guilty.......Maybe she was indicting ham sandwiches....Was Ms. Thang drinking at 119mph?
#trumpshutdown
It'll end the R party, for failing to protect Trump from witch hunt. May mean literal civil war. Military will side with Trump, mid-America.
Oh, so they'll still support a criminal? WTF r u talking about?
I'm talking about an illegal coup being stopped by patriots. Mueller is a fraud, his team is all DNC people. They will create fake charges.
Dude, lay off the crack. It's doing awful things 2 your brain.
Never once tried an illegal drug, thanks. I'm high on God, liberty, & love! #MAGA 
Mueller is a repub hired by a repub. He's a good man & a patriot who has served. What proof do u have that he's a fraud??
Look at the people he's hired. All big dem donors. Mueller's a RINO, and should have reused himself based on Comey relationship.
If you don't like the rule of law in America you should leave. Right?
Oh well.
@RealDoaldTrump -- Donald Trump is not above the law and the Constitution -- his family does not have immunity to prosecution and prison -- some judge you are ...
She is no Judge Judy
I'm surprised you're still allowed to call Fox a news network. Do you ever actually report news? Have you ever?
No one is Above the Law if they commit a Crime they should pay for it..
Isn't her old man in prison?
You know what belittles you even more is the fact that you refer to the president as Donald ,you don't even show him respect by not referring to him as President Trump.
are you threatening the people of this country, should any member of Trump family be indicted for illegal actions?  #Criminal #AntiAmerican #GoneToFar #FoxStateNews
If there is evidence that any of his family committed a crime then justice must be served.  If Drumpf groupies want to cause a fuss then they also can be charged with crimes if they get out of hand.
You’re nuts, Lady!

The uproar will smell like colostomy bags and be over before the early bird special at Cracker Barrell.
The old over-operated hag is totally crazy.
there's gonna be a uproar if he not out of there and you starting it all.
Hum "You can indict a ham sandwich" eh? 

Then how come @JudgeJeanine couldn't get an indictment on Robert Durst?
Useless Senators are on vacation, and our @POTUS is working hard for us

209k jobs added in July Unemployment rate down 4.3%

#JobsReport
He just began a 17 day vacation, you people really don't pay attention to any news but Fox do you?
Y'all will soon see how big of of a crook your president is
Knowing democrats ar these time they r looki g for anything, to alleviate their PAIN,no very AMERICAN, we invite them to joy us for the GOOD
Nice leak
Just imachine a judge saying this online? Inciting violence?
What are you resisting?  Education?  "Imagine" is the word.  Go to Spanish Twitter.
Is the uproar founded?  If you feel that Hillary lied, ergo Trump should be experience the same fervor.  Or has the GOP become hypocritical?
50 million will go after every black state member against President Trump and any people who take over and plan to live in WH think again CW
Fear and unbalanced.
Only 30% of Americans might rebel. The latter 70% will defeat them. Don't threaten US with a civil war, the confederates lost.
Not to get at Potus! To prove the lies! Stupid Jeanine, getting your 15 minutes of fame off faux news HA! Love REAL Judge Judy!
The indictment won't be to get at Trump, it will be to catch a crook. Wake up and smell the mendacity.
she toned it down a little in this one but these people are running around making terroristic threats which are illegal in themselves
POTUS policy agenda is very good and very much needed. Judge by Results. His turn to try! His immigration stance is reasonable/responsible.
You mean like this Uproar? #notimpressed

It's not called an uproar, it will be called a celebration of truth, justice and the American way! No cavorting with the enemy!
I agree! Tired of fake news and young bratty libs!
Janine, thanks for stoking the fire. You may get what you want.
No one is above the law
Yes there will be. We will NOT allow Trump to be pushed out & we will NOT just hand over our country. Tread carefully Dems.
Uproar is a massive understatement!  We want complete change to massive corruption. Congress cannot limit Exectuive Branch Power, ru morons?
Republicans inciting others to violence. We've seen that before, with tragic results....
No one it above the law!  Do not prejudge.  Wait for the investigation to complete.  Have faith in the USA.
Dream on lady, 75% of the country knows this family is filled with liars. And so is fox news. Who has the #1 rated news show, @maddow
#2 is @Lawrence , sit down and shut up.

So that moronic woman wants the country to be run like a Dictatorship. Stupidity in plain sight.
So 33 percent country is snapping the rest will be just partying ?
Irresponsible rhetoric. More dog whistles for the mentality that eats up Fox infotainment.
She's...
CorruptCorruptCorruptCorruptCorruptCorruptCorruptCorruptCorruptCorruptCorruptCorruptCorruptCorruptCorruptCorruptCorruptCorrupt!
You are irresponsible to say some of these things. Shame on you for pretending to be Journalists, and to be fanning the flames of violence.
if there is an indictment I am sure it will be deserved ...
Unrest is no reason to keep a person guilty of a crime in office.  Good Grief...how corrupt can you get.
Let's all look like whores so the poorly educated will watch us.
16 attorneys on Mueller's team, and by all accounts, considered to be the best & brightest in their field. Yes, DT & family w/be prosecuted.
Fuck'em all
My god, woman, grow a brain and shut up.
This former judge is promoting criminal activity & violence!! She's anti-law! Hope she's been dis-barred!!
Past time to fire Mueller and his Democratic team of lawyers.  So unfair - reeks of corruption as original scope of investigation widens.
Civil war!!! Lock n load folks.. Protect @Potus at all costs?
The perverts at Fox News continue to fall!

There will be an uprising ! We Trumpsters won't put up with the Democratic bs!!
i knew she was a smuck
Giant ego Jeanine is an absolute disgrace to the judicial system.  Probably why she isn't a judge anymore. #Narcissist
Only uproar will be from you. #Corruption
LOL! and they say "liberals throw fits when they don't get their way" ?!?!  trump supporters are so fucking stupid it continues to blow my mind
Mueller: Conflict of Interest Obstructn of Justice, uranium 2 Russians for Hiltery, botched Anthrax investigation! No Russia connectn = FOLD
If there is an indictment, the uproar will be against POTUS for treason.
Well thats what you get when you involve you children in Treason
Do the Crime & the Time as a family
Uproar for Impeaching Trump for dirt on Hillary ( which were true) while the left lets her walk for her crimes her emails exposed her of.
I get it cause we know how to play womencard. @realDonaldTrump your son bought votes and a prostitute, illegally from Russia. Ask #PrezPutin
Constitutionally, Trump can and should fire them! Don't wait! Do it now!!
It reveals  sad and desperate GOP is, to establish a dangerous, Authoritarian Government like Russia. Trump-go!
prepare for a snowstorm, buy lots of popcorn and buckle up!  you are either for America or against, wake the hell up
How much longer will you stand by while a free press is attacked by the president? When it's just you and you're told what to say, what then
Good ever-loving grief.  Panel of imbeciles trying to make a buck off of the public's stupidity.
If it were illegal to sneeze, we'd see INSTANT footage of Trump's slightest sneeze, for heaven's sake. Things are ridiculous, & should stop!
The indictment should have been years ago. Business man at the expense of others.
He's guilty as hell and the worst president of the United States ever. Totally incompetent and horrible.
They might all be indicted!.. They are all criminals, they are all traitors. I am pissed that Flynn the traitor is still walking around.
#FireHannity
Wow
Umm, no there won't.  If (lol) they're guilty, you can all get new jumpsuits together.  Have fun.  Buh bye.
WOW what Judge Jeanine is saying is deplorable, sounds as though she's in supports of an upraise, this is coming from a Judge, of all people
Lady, that is called dancing in the Streets.. He ruined your rep. as well..

Maybe one of the many Dims fans on here can answer me why hard drives and mobiles smashed with hammers and threats made to police chief?
Oh shut up. There will be indictments and prosecution s and we the American people know it. Russia and Trump. Shame on you Judge. Truth.
At least 1 good judge on Fox Judge Nap became a turncoat
I'm sure we won't see it on fox. They talking about Hillary's emails and " if you like your dr, you can keep your Dr."
Oh yes, there is no doubt!! I am already BOILING at the money that colluder Moeller is spending on this whole farce of an investigation!!
I think it will be less than these clowns are threatening.
Yeah the uproar will be that we didn't get Trump for his illegal activity and collusion with Russia.
#HappyBirthdayRobertMueller
There will be 72 millions cheering in the streets, all those that voted against Drumpf, #theLyinKing.
How about if it's to have justice done?
You clearly need to take this irresponsible cun(t) off the air! She is giving idiots food for thought.
Yeah! The biggest fucking celebration you have EVER seen. And when they get Trump, Pence, Ryan, McConnell and the rest, we will PARRRRTTTEEE
I'm afraid Conservatives are too "nice" to take to the streets over anything!
You had better believe it! Make the Liberal/Black lives Matter a sandbox affair!
The Republicans and Democrats with their good cop bad cop game is destroying this Nation. We the People must remove them from OUR government
Stop lying for Trump! If someone is indicted, it will be because they are involved with illegal activities. Quit trying to distract & cover!
You sad losers have nothing but threats and bluster. Your president (not mine) is going DOWN.
B. I. O. Y. A.!!
@JudgeJeanine Why are you inciting violence? As a Prosecutor, aren't you responsible to uphold the law?? If there is evidence of wrong doing
Fake News for the Fake President #FailingTrump


Wow, even you're going to promote violence against Americans by Americans? Wow!
Maybe resign and save us the trouble.
you can indict a ham sandwich. and you can indict the whole pig. judge jeannie.  you support criminals?
Damn right about that...
Not: "just to get at @POTUS." 
Yes: to defend America's sovereignty
That's right an huge problem. Americans are sick of the witch hunt. Hillary all she's doneshould be in jail
Judge you you are so RIGHT
IF there was evidence of wrongdoing, it would have been shouted from the mountaintops as soon as it was known. That's how things are,
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!
Straight up truth!
@realDonaldTrump @JudgeJeanine No, we will celebrate, and laugh at all of the ignorant people who voted for him.
I love how the guy asks "who says you can't get to DJT" and Judge Janine just starts sputtering.
The uproar would be basic testament to the US electorate's gullibility. They'll gladly side with a criminal who vomits saccharine patriotism
It wouldn't be "to get at" what you call a POTUS. Maybe it's to see a family member flip. Or maybe keep Chumpy from being lonely in prison.
So, this judge is discrediting a grand jury?  What's she doing in the Judicial system?
Yes, the uproar will be the happy Americans celebrating.
If it's a valid complaint against them, go get them!
Judge Jeanine you should be in an uproar if the investigation finds a Trump family member broke the Law! What kind of Judge are you?
I pray the President ADDS FOX IN-THE-FIX NEWS to the list of FAKE news now. They went HARD left.
There will be an uproar if the entire family, including POS, isn't indicted and convicted.
Judge Jeanine is so right, we will go after the swamp big time @potus @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MASA #TrumpTrain #DTS #LockHerUp #BuildTheWall
Judge Jeanine’s husband did time for tax evasion. It’s just an entire network of lying, stealing, cheaters claiming to be victims .
"THERE WILL BE an uproar???" (August 4, 2017; 8:58 EDT) #FOXnewsus #DONALDTRUMP #FAIL
Plz be sure and stop by my house first! I will teach your "up risers" the meaning of uprising and that will be the end of the uprising! #sad
Too bad. If they're as guilty as he is, down they go. They are not above the law.
No, there will be cheering!
Are you crazy? DJ met w/a Russian attorney w/ties 2the kremlin 2 get dirt on Clinton. He did so gleefully. Then he &daddy lied about it.
2/3 of the country think he is a POS. If the 1/3 attempts violence, it will end quickly. Mattis is a Patriot, be SURE of that.
I think Jeanine (who was a judge) should think about this- if she is not willing to 1st consider the evidence or facts Presented by Mueller toward the indictment with an open mind ...then the rule of law and trust in our country is done - and her threat is the least of it
No, actually that is called JUSTICE. And Fox has admitted they are not a news station.
Comes down to if Trump is innocent, why is he so determined to shut it down? Maybe they will find a Monica in his closet too!
Yes there will be. #MyPresident is the victim of #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder   #FakeNews #IrreleventFakeNews
The spawn of Trump have their own problems. What should be done Judge Smug? Ignore their crimes? Forget Don Jr. was willing to collude?

An uproar is an understatement. All hell will most likely break loose.
Geez Judge, wait for all the evidence b4 you pronounce riots. You should know better. It goes way deeper than only Junior, and looks bad.
So Jean, would you like a swastika on your new confederate flag?
Yeah - the uproar will start in the RUSSIAN EMBASSY and quickly spread to the Kremlin. Commies all over the world will be really upset.
No one Should go after his family to get it him! What kind of people are they in this country? No Scruples!!

