You've been POTUS for how long now and you're still worried about the last POTUS?! Amazing.
When everything goes wrong,  which we know will,happen, hes going to try to blame Obama or maybe even HRC.
Isn't she the one who said a prez shouldn't serve while being investigated?  Shes as credible as Putin.
Then can you please tell us what Mueller is doing? Besides, I thought all you trumpkins said CNN is fake news.
But Mr President......you named her...."crooked Hillary" she has always destroyed records. Or lost them or bleached them.
Why DNC used Crowdstrike?  Retired FBI Shawn Henry is president.   Buddies with Comey / Mueller— AND 12.22.17 report  used for BO Russian Sanctions FALSE!  @seanhannity @stranahan @EricTrump @AnnCoulter @SaraCarterDC @OANN @DiamondandSilk @dbongino
...Why did the DNC REFUSE to turn over its Server to the FBI, and still hasn't? It's all a big Dem scam and excuse for l...
How come Sessions has not locked them all up
@realDonaldTrump  and why did you say "fine people" in the hate rally???
Bigger question is WHY hasn’t the @FBI stormed in & TAKEN the server You can bet your last dollar if it was an everyday citizen OR the RNC they would have gotten their hands on it! I guess National Security is only important if you’re NOT the DNC trying to HIDE something
Why does @realDonaldTrump still fixated on last year’s election. If you would instead focus on doing your job, maybe your approval rating wouldn’t be in the toilet.
Time for a special prosecutor to investigate Comey, Mueller, DNC and Hillary!
The DNC is just as crooked as Hillary!
Why have you refused to turn over your taxes ?
Could the FBI get a court order and get it in this case?
Does not matter. It will not happen. If they did it to the DNC, the GOP would do it next. They are all the same and hiding stuff.
The democrats are pathetic. We put up with Obama for 8 long years while he broke the law, ignored the Constitution and weakened America. Sad
Love you honey
They're hiding something!!
Speaking of turning things over: tapes, tax returns and testimony were promised.
You've known along the election was rigged. You said it over and over again. Why didn't you go to the FBI with what you knew then?
No, it's becoming clearer that you and the Russians worked together to get you elected. You are a traitor and a liar. Enjoy prison.

#resist
You have not seemed very concerned about Russia unless you are blaming it on Obama and the Dems...SAD!!!
The Great Unifier in action, folks. Drink it in, it always goes down smooth.
Liar.
Loaer
There should be a subpoena ordered to go in and get it who are they above the law
BECAUSE HILLARY WAS RIGGING THE DNC PRIMARY 

AGAINST @SenSanders 

#LockHerUp

Why is @realDonaldTrump still tweeting about the Democrats' alleged excuse for losing the election?
Just like how he still tweets about Obama, Hillary, the emails and how biglygreatamazing he is!
Shut up, Parrot. Why havent you turned@over@your@tax returns.
"Russia Russia Russia!" brainchild of @JohnPodesta day after #HilLIARy lost!
And why haven't you turned over your tax returns? Afraid of something?
So what's your excuse? Ignorance? Lazy? Hmmmm Complicit
B/c it would show Seth rich as the leaker. And then everyone would know the truth
How can dnc legally refuse to turn over Anything????
oh, honey......
i thought infrastructure week was over?
#WorstPresidentEver
I love how you're uniting the country.
Go away 45, far far far away!!!
Shut up and go be the damn president! Get over it! The election is over. Now you represent us all. Dems included. Stop bashing them!
Nobody wants Hillary and they can't get over it
More likely it wasn't turned over because #Hillary #DWS didn't want rigging of their primary discovered & all the foreign donors! #LockHerUp
Is this the best you can do? Accuse, point, deflect, and shift blame? Oh wait. Look who I'm talking to. It probably is. ITS ON YOUR WATCH!

FIRE MULLER

I can't believe you think Russian hacking isn't real.
Don't you have more important things to be doing right now?
Obstruction by HRC

Trey Gowdy stumps Jeh Johnson: "If they were hacked, why didn't the DNC let the FBI look at their servers?"

 

Don't you have work to do?
how was that 3-15 conf. record bud
Psychopaths always point fingers and lay blame on others to distract from their own criminal behaviors. #IllegitimatePresident @VP
Most the gop and dna need to be in jail. Trump is just the flavor of the week.
IT'S A COVER UP !!! DEMS are always covering up their crimes! Comey helped them so that!
Iran contra, and death squads anyone?
Careful DJT. We get that server and we might have to lock up the entire democratic party. Wouldn't that be a glorious day. Endless felonies.
Let's not forget about those in the GOP that sealed their records.
Washington needs an enama.
@POTUS @VP @jeffsessions @JaySekulow @seanhannity WHY does the DNC/HRC/Debbie Wasserman Schultz/John Podesta have the power 2defy the @FBI ?
Why did Hillary give her a job after what was was proven to have done to Sanders? Why has there been no fellony inditments for all that ?
Be presidential, for a change. So fed up with the lies, the elementary school vocabulary, the inconsistencies, the lack of logic...
Yeah, maybe he and Geo W Bush are related.
No. Ms. Clinton did win the popular vote. You won the gerrymandered electoral college. There is a difference. #Pompous
Gore won too, yet they stuck Bush in. It is corruption tun crazy on both sides.
Why haven't you turned over your taxes liked you said you would?
Or maybe your persistent shifting focus onto the Dems has got something to do with a guilty conscience on Russia? We're not looking away.
Take away all the illegal votes, the people that voted 4 times in different precincts, and all the dead democrats that voted and you'd see.
Turn your taxes in then ask about a private server...
Oh God... the taxes nonsense again. Taxes and Russia narrative will see dems never win another election. Concentrate on real PEOPLE.
If server contains illegal data, its treason. Him not submitting incomplete or complete returns is within the law. IRS sees his taxes yrly
I think calling a private server "treason" is a stretch. Its a longstanding tradition for Presidents to release their taxes. Why did he lie?
Private server that has illegal data would be treason. Why withhold? Under no circumstance is Trump breaking law.
Nothing Trump does breaks the law? Wow...
Your wow is silly. What law has been broken? And please don't name x orders that the nearly communist 9th district reversed.
U can't just say things... facts matter. He is within the law. U just have a progr perception of the law, which SCOTUS would not support
Interesting ... on the day you roll out your new AHCA #HealthcareBill, all you can tweet about is Russia and the DNC ...
The WH message of the day is "Healthcare" and Trump is tweeting about Russia and the DNC ... BIGLY SAD!!
Does your new #HealthcareBill cover Russian-amnesia?
That's just a false narrative by the leftists ya dunce
lol Mike is a prime example of brainwashed
New Fox News reporter and former potus!! News at 11 or whenever done tweeting moronic statements the election is over douchbag!!!!
The only one with a BAD reputation here is YOU. Quit trying to discredit Comey or Mueller. You R nothing but a piece of manure next to them.
Check with CNN they should have one?
Sure Mr. President
More like distraction to stop you from having Clinton Foundation investigated
For the same reason Virginia and California don't want to provide voting records.  Lots of fraud and lots of covering up!
For about the same wrong-headed reasons as you not disclosing your tax returns. #ShowMeTheReturns
Everyday they aren't prosecuted, is another day they are destroying evidence, what are you waiting for???
You can't stop talking about it,. Feeling nervous Mr trump?
I can do this shit all day but a man's gotta eat.
Delusional donald, please give it up the election is over remember.
Because they didn't want the Feds to see all the incriminating stuff on the server.
You R a sore winner. U must be a grown up and stop blaming other people or others for Your stupid reactions. TIRED of your drama!!!
The server proves they colluded with Russia.
Gods, you're obsessed...
you SAID SO yourself, over and over, to help you win.  And you kept saying it because you knew what was going on.  That is
Oh my god! Shut up and lead this country.  If the DEMS scare you so bad,  resign and let someone with a backbone lead.  Sheesh.
RESIGN
For the same reason that Lois Lerner and Loretta Lynch take "the 5th"...because they have criminal behavior to hide.
Too much pay for play on that server. Daaaammmnn.
Stop BSing and do the country a favor and either get out of the Oval Office or stop throwing these baby tantrums.  ......
Don't you have an executive order to sign to reverse something Obama did? Trying to distract the FBI from your Putin bromance?
Try something new to you and worry about yourself.
Hmmm, maybe for the same reason that u didn't release ur tax returns???
The only scam in America is you being the president.  America deserves better than you Trumplethinskin!!!
Are you honestly still talking about the election? I'd enjoy the job while you can tRump. Writings on your wall.
Mr Trump you have won the election stop talking about it focus in the job in hand. You are your worst enemy with what you say and do on here
How long does it take for you to hand ova shxt...?
Why do you refuse to show your tax info?
For the same reason you haven't released the recording of you and Comey.
Why haven't you approached Congress with your emolument clause request? You are the Leader, act like one.
You tweet and tweet and nothing makes any sense!   Time for golf.  Russians helped you win.
And your tax returns?
President Trump U R spot on! Such whiney sore losers!So tired of them!Really,I wish they would dry up& just blow away leaving only good 
Liar
Get over it already! Grow up!!
The same reason why Donna Brazile and Debbie Shultz colluded ; tried to rig and interfere in our Elections....
Well why wasn't Hillary prosecuted? Same answer. Comey, Lynch and Hillary; Comey, MUELLER and Mueller's leftist staff - no rule of law.
Let's see your taxes.
same reason you don't release your taxes...but again you just don't get it do you
Donald for dummies.
No, @realDonaldTrump, YOU are a big scam.
I'm surprised you didn't give that conspiracy theory to your buddy Alex Jones and let him run with it... RIDICULOUS!
America has went Black and we are never going back !!
Saying "but look what they did" does not excuse you.
Why have you not released your tax returns # bigger scam
Stop being divisive. Get more flies (Dems) with flowers, not vinegar. Be a unifier.
You are President! Why don't U direct AG 2 find out? @SeanHannity You need 2 B bolder!   R U building a greater America or being political?
I think there still clean it ...with a cloth DUH Hillary
Wait a second... Donald Trump's won the election!??
Move on
Because they are so close to all being caught. Hillary needs to be in prison
It's infuriating and seems criminal!
Love this!!! So true!!!!
OMG you are SUCH a loser. If you'd been a high school athlete you'd still be talking about that "big play" too. *facepalm*
How's Pences AOL account doing these days?  Oh, r we not supposed to mention that he uses that 4 OFFICIAL business?  Oops!
Americans you have made your bed....I feel sorry for you!
Wait, are you still campaigning? You know that you have the job already right?
Did you turn your server over?
Why haven't you turned over your income tax returns as promised?
Why did Donald Trump REFUSE to over his tax returns, and still hasn't? It's all a big scam because you were afraid of losing the election.
They didn't lose the election, America did.
The RNC was hacked to, let's see theirs!
So why are you spending time on this. You are the president remember. There are more important things that you need to attend to
..probably when you show your tax returns
And heads need to roll. AG Sessions?
Why can't the Acting Attny General make them?????     Who's in control.  Along with documents Obama/Rice took.?
Why haven't you turned over your taxes
it's because it will prove the collusion with Russia was purely democratically controlled and backfired.
I would not doubt it one bit    They are asses u know    Asses dont move
President Trump, the New York Times and the Washington Post have their intrepid reporters on the case !
Not really...
Hello...Canada, anytime!
Aren't you supposed to be being the PRESIDENT? Who cares? You're just trying to divert attention from the REAL investigations.
Lock them up, swing them all from a rope as the Constitution clearly states for High Treason or the military may be forced to!
You are ridiculous and nobody's buying it.
too many secrets they don't want anyone on earth to know. This is when hackers are hired!
Somehow methinks you doth protest too much . . .
DNC guilty
The Democrats know the Russians hacked their servers and not the Republicans servers. The news media had it all wrong!
There servers would still have traces of election rigging software on it.
Why do you refuse to turn over you taxes.
Why did @POTUS promise then refuse to turn over personal tax returns? #UnfitToBePresident #liarliar
Wawawawa you POS cry baby grow up @realDonaldTrump
Why are lies continually posted from the WH?
When will you accept the fact that you won?
Now time for you to govern - nominate members of exec branch, for example.
Because it is full of pedo info!
You are so triggered.  Is it getting too hot for you?  You could resign, you know.
Why haven't you released your taxes...hmmmm maybe your hiding something
YOU WON! Get over it. I care about what the winner and the Russians were and are doing. #TrumpRussia #TrumpFail #MAGAResign
Aasshole
another question might be - why did you refuse to turn over your tax returns?!!
And now states won't turn over voter information for investigation
I wish you would investigate the AWAN brothers. They leaked and sold the DNC emails
#Comey in bag 4 #HillaryClinton
#fbidirector feared & covered himself bc #HRC emails on #Weiner laptop
It was a GOD thing!
We can say the same about you and your tax returns
You know you are president to all citizens right? Maybe you should quit being divisive and focus on being good president. #fakepresident
