DA CNN Chuck Todd said WH said nothing about Jewish People what was the Holocaust but of Jewish People
Hitler would eliminate populous peoples from a region (Ukrainian) or sectors of regions but focused on all Jews
This link takes you to a sign donation page & link to the White house but doesn't either. Lies and misdirection. Shameful
SO Embarassing. Can't even keep this away from the Natzi holocaust denier @SteveBannon who LIES all the time.
No worries. It's Stephen K Bannon
that's not his statement. Trump couldn't come up with a sentence without errors.
Do you even know what the Holocaust was? It was the genocidal action against the Jewish people.
Statement on International Holocaust Remembrance Day: https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/01/27/statement-president-international-holocaust-remembrance-day …...
Was banning refugees part of the remembrance?
Who wrote that?  It sure wasn't you.
Ivanka please help your Dad, every one is saying he needs help!
this must hv been written by a staff member, certainly not DJT or S Spicer. T not even sympathetic to his own family. Holocaust or Passover
I'd like to thank you for all the countless hours that you put in for what seems to be so many ingrates!
https://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/03/new-nokia-3310-is-useless-in-many.html …
before or after you blocked citizens out of their Country?
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/how-to-remove-political-posts-from-your.html?m=1 …
I assume you intend on starting a mass genocide?
U have disgraced all Americans & insulted the victims of the Holocaust on this day of Remembrance.Shame on u & "ex vetting"
Only IGNORANCE could explain your statement celebrating the day be followed by your BAN ON REFUGEES Exec Order!SHAME!And...
I hope your Neo-Nazi "Chief Strategist" Adolf Bannon didn't write it! You have no soul. #HillaryBeatYou #Illegitimate
@POTUS show your taxes please
Kinda weird @realDonaldTrump's Holocaust Remembrance Day statement doesn't mention jewish people even once.
That you banned refugees on Holocaust Remembrance Day says more than any statement ever will, @realDonaldTrump. #MuslimBan.
#Illegitimate
We will continue to say horrible things about you as long as you continue to make up lies and do horrible things.
Might want to get the Nazi out of the White House if you want any credibility about this.
And no reference to Jews! Good God!
NEW COOL Donald Trump stuff
We know more about any Syrian refugee who wants to enter the country than we know about Trump's taxes - zero Trump vetting
HORROR OF HORRORS GOD DELIVERS US!!!

My name is Herbert Manasse. The US turned me away at the border in 1939. I was murdered in Auschwitz 
.@realDonaldTrump explain this
that's been on every meme site for days , catch up
Nah I prefer Mayonnaise
I bet you do. smh
not your statement piss body we all know you're not highly educated.
oh, so are you saying you'll undo all of the terrible discrimination you've started? #alternativefacts

I support you Mr president Trump
but you are the antichrist so not my God you speak.Jesus opposed your practices Hate is not what USA stands for
@POTUS anabajebma
that's weird that u thought of someone else beside yourself. Must be getting something out of it #fakepresident
I was hungry and you gave me food, thirsty and you gave me a drink, I was a stranger and you invited me in. MT 25:35
#TeapubliCONSArePhonyChristians
We're not the ones into murdering unborn babies or sodomy. Maybe you should get off twitter and back into the Bible?
Do you support the death penalty? Truly just curious. Not insulting so don't insult in return
Right..... first explain why liberals think babies should be murdered in the womb but serial murderers and rapists should live. Thanks.
why would you be so foolish to think we all think the same? I don't. It would be like I think you are a nazi. I hope not.
Im kind enough 2think not all #trump supporters R uneducated bigots. But ALL uneducated bigoted ppl I know, support @realDonaldTrump #exGOP
Keep me out of your hateful, asinine tweets. I'm neither uneducated nor bigoted. You obviously, are both.
Remember Anne Frank? Her parents were turned away from the US just like you are doing today to the Syrian people.
I'm a little worried about what this might say
Yet you're literally banning Muslims in the same afternoon. You have no shame, integrity, or compassion.
tell the families of the people that got shot down at a Christmas party in san Bernadino about compassion
one of the shooters was US-born and the other a permanent resident, you ignoramus
what religion did he convert to Mikey?
an electoral college landslide...it was great...god bless America
As in *deep breath* JEWISH PEOPLE, LGBT PEOPLE, PEOPLE OF COLOR, ETC. @realDonaldTrump ... ur blanket phrase "the innocent" erases reality.
And don't forget minority religious groups, people with disabilities, leftists, the list continues.
They are all human victims and worth remembering.
expt this is about the Holocaust! Stop making everything about you. Go hv dinner w/ yr parents, they'll baby u
they were all victims of the holocaust. Please learn our history before we repeat it again. 
how did Zack make this all about him? He was mentioning the victims of the holocaust.

no mention of the Jews? You are a disgrace to the office. Truly sad. Truly infuriating.
heaven forbid if we don't mention every religion, culture, race...We might OFFEND someone! Oh MY!!
this is a thunderously ignorant thing to utter.
ya come on Mike! Think about @Tooda feelings you insensitive prick hahahahaha! Damn I love liberals
Hey Mike and 4PITTS1BURGH2x I think you both need a cuddle. Cuddle? #hugs #superhugs
just want my safe place and my snuggie
Me too Mike! Would you like to share a cocoa? We can watch 'The Lion King' together?
I would,. But apparently I am a racist and wouldn't enjoy it ...Maybe "Dukes of Hazzard"?
but you're signing a refugee ban on the same day? No integrity. Shame on you.
on #HolocaustRemembranceDay Trump is signing an executive order preventing people fleeing persecution & finding safety
Germany is PROUD to be helping them! So you were saying....?
Those attacks weren't committed by refugees, *that's* what. What about all the mass killings in the US ->
You need to get your facts straight, dude.
you just signed an order refusing help to people fleeing ISIS you massive prick
you saw what happened in Britain and France. Is that what you want here?
explain what happened in Canada when they allowed refugees? Oh
Do you do anything besides sit on your ass all day tweeting and signing executive orders?
PRAYING FOR YOU AND YOUR SAFETY.
see @Stl_Manifest for stories of refugees turned away at the US border then murdered at Auschwitz https://twitter.com/Stl_Manifest/status/825014269808775168 …
so looking at history u think the US was wrong and not Hittler? You know he is the US pres not the worlds.
He's not banning muslims.
Because the most dangerous countries in the world are primarily Arab.
you couldn't get this one right? It's not that difficult. Facts are there.
My name is Joachim Hirsch. The US turned me away at the border in 1939. I was murdered in Auschwitz 
How is this Trump's fault?
the statement.
hey president sociopath: forgot to mention the 6 million JEWS. And  homosexuals, gypsies et al #IllegitimatePresident
Hitler only ordered JEWS to be killed.
I meant Hitler only ordered Jews to be killed. Also, thank you for mentioning that Christians were killed.
I didn't know that. Thanks you too,
Also Born in Austria in 1889, Adolf Hitler rose to power in German politics as leader of the National Socialist German Worke..
that I knew. And we are seeing a pale replay of his early days right now. It's both interesting and terrifying.
Never thought you could use the word pale in this type of sentence. Huh.
.@realDonaldTrump Wouldn't it have been better to mention "Jewish" in this somewhere, since those were the main victims of the Holocaust?
no Seth-The Holocaust education day trust didn't use "Jews" in their recent public film .
It's not an "education day" about the Holocaust if u don't mention Jewish victims. Next "slavery" w/o mention black people
not sure if you seen the new film by the Holocaust Memorial Day Trust but it mentions Islamophobia more than it mentions Jews
But that has nothing to do POTUS statement and he should know better.
stop tagging us 7 followers leads me to believe you are a troll and will be blocked
I was responding to your post.
No one likes you.
No one likes you.
muslims are not terrorists. Timothy McVeigh & Terry Nichols were white christian american terrorists. This is bigotry.
They are not Christian if the stole a life. (Cough, Ten Commandments, cough)
they were christian & still terrorists. All the rape, murder & hatred in that book is a bunch of propaganda & fear mongering.
Still, your're saying that no Muslim is a terrorist.
i am saying that you cannot group an entire culture or religion & label them all as terrorists. Its bigotry & hate.
For the last time, He's not banning Muslims.
He's TEMPORARILY banning people from dangerous countries, like Iran.
There is a genocide happening in Syria and you turn your back, the most hypocritical and un-American thing you could do.
Tell me the definition of American.
besides native americans, every American immigrated here, so America = immigrants and refugees
According to our Constitution, and the fact that we have lived here for many decades we are citizens. (So are the Natives)
yes, but every citizen's ancestor(s) were once refugees to this country. Doesn't matter how many decades have gone by
The natives came here via land bridge. We came here via Mayflower.
Pilgrims on the Mayflower came to US escaping violence and persecution and looking for a better life. They were immigrants.
and you missed the point...again. #lestweforget
I thought of you today. It reminded me to take the garbage out.
how do you explain to your son in law not mentioning Jews when remembering the holocaust?
I'm confused here . The holocaust is about Nazis or is about Jews?  You didn't mentioned about Jews at all .. I'm curious 
...you do realize 6million non-jews also were murdered in the Holocaust, right?
You are creating another holocaust.
@WhiteHouse @Reince Why doesn't the link work after @chucktodd asked you about this?
Such irony.
your true feelings, later in the day, override the rhetoric of this. Banning religions is unconstitutional.  B4 acting!
That was a real MORONIC MOVE on your part!
Is your insult to the Jewish people an attempt to drive @jaredkushner away from @IvankaTrump?
- the ban on Muslims?
after you deport Muslims will the Jews be next?
Trump 
you need a speech writer that has passed 4th grade
“A most notable coward, an infinite and endless liar, an hourly promise breaker, the owner of no one good quality.”
dad stationed with family: dachau: 1955. Awful for all. Pieces parts of bodies still there. Ovens lasting memories. Real!!
Stop bullying fat people, they have enough on their plate.
so this link goes nowhere! Go figure! #trump #trumpregrets #TrumpBan
You couldn't hit water if you fell out of a boat
oh you mean your executive order to ban Muslims Fascist
makes Frank Underwood look normal
you seem to have forgotten something ... oh yeah, that most Holocaust victims were Jews. MAJOR FAIL
If you are a Jew then go to Israel.
Quick – check your face! I just found your nose in my business.
I think I left my condoms at your mum's house last night.
no mention anti-semitism, the sistematic murder of millions of people and political platform similar to urs
Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed.
And there you are @realDonaldTrump going down same path as Hitler. Wonder how many Hitler/Trump supporters cheered/will cheer til end?
could you please loan me $500 to get my car fixed I live on an income of $858 a month and can't afford it could pay you bk
@PressSec  Why is it ok to say  - Radical Islamic Terrorist - But you can't acknowledge Jewish or Jews in your statement?
I’m sorry I didn’t get that – I don’t speak idiot.
If you were half as funny as you think you are, you would be twice as funny as you are.
keep up the good word. At some point you will need to take on Sonos. He is a danger to all.
Yo momma so fat, when her water broke she created the Pacific Ocean.
Religious persecution is your speciality! Can you say the word "Jew"? Do you know the meaning of hypocrite?
Jews? Muslims? Same concept different day.
adding on to Medicare get rid of Medicaid make it all even. Medicare will fight for your rights. Employer contributions
Banning refugees and discriminating against Muslims on Holocaust Remembrance Day was a bad idea.
irony is not in your vocabulary is it.
It looks like your face caught fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer.
Don't you think mentioning Jews would have been appropriate? This reeks of a Steve Bannon decision. Jared and Ivanka agree?
You can't even mention the Jewish people on Holocaust Remembrance Day. Afraid of losing your KKK followers?
muislims should ask Allah  to rain down money & food from Heaven or give them a job instead of welfare from other nations.
you remembered your past life as Hitler? Wanna give a shot out to all the ppl u killed. And are gonna get killed?!
isn't that ironic.
NO mention of the Jewish people? You and Bannon are so TRANSPARENT.  Impeachment is inevitable.  End Feb I predict.
Did anyone from the United State's kill the people? I think the answer would be no! Just stop the U.S being the scapegoat.
There are Holocaust survivors and scholars who compare you to Hitler. That says plenty.
President Trump keep doing what we voted you in to office to do.
Your doctor called with your colonoscopy results. Good news – they found your head.
The Holocaust also began with hateful rhetoric designed to create distrust between racial and religious groups.
stand with Israel always
If stupidity was painful, you'd be in agony
On the #HolocaustRemembrenceDay you decided to ban people fleeing death. As a German immigrant you should know that.
You are a hypocrite...... Your comments stand in the face of "Muslim ban." You are not Presidential #NationalEmbarassment
I was hoping for a battle of wits but you appear to be unarmed.
What's the difference between you and a brick? The brick gets laid.
Don"t let it EVER happen AGAIN !! To my people!!
I like the sound you make when you shut up.
you have no clue ... (or do you) how offensive it is that you would do a ban on a religion on Holocaust Rememberance day.
so you do remember?
you are hitler 2.0
Your doctor called with your colonoscopy results. Good news – they found your head.
Women think about sex every 7 seconds. Just not with you.
Mirrors can't talk. Luckily for you, they can't laugh either.
@WhiteHouse You should have taken notes from Obama's Yom HaShoah statement... see 1st paragraph.
you had better writers on that tv show you did
Like if you give a shit. You come from a family of Nazis.
ahh yes, #trumpgoals #makeamericahateagain oops i mean #makeamericagreatagain Nazi style
Go away I was looking at something better than you
I would love to insult you but I'm afraid I wouldn't do as well as nature did.
It is long overdue our nation safety is priority over the Hurt feelings of actors who died by terrorist.
we must never forget this tragic time!!
With a face like yours, I wish I was blind.
Quick – check your face! I just found your nose in my business.
You only annoy me when you're breathing.
Yo momma's so fat when she stood on the scale it said "One at a time please"
A better way to have been inclusive would've been to list: Jews; Gays; Gypsies; the handicapped; the opposition; etc.
Why are some of the People calling you a racist?
#MuslimBan #NeverForget #neveragain This is a shallow announcement. No mention of the six million. Bannon the anti-Semite
Say Jew donald say Jewish the holocust was about them not you or me nit witt
On this day you decided to ban refugees from entering a country founded by immigrants for religous freedom, shameful.
horrible statement. How dare you exclude any mention of the extermination of Jews?
#CreatingNewHolocaust
