I SUPPORT DONALD TRUMP I AM A BROWN MAN A CHRISTIAN FROM INDIA TRUMP IS RIGHT LOT OF FAKE NEWS BY BIASED NEWS MEDIA.
DONALD TRUMP IS NOT A RACIST HE IS FROM NEW YORK TRUMP IS A GOOD CHRISTIAN FIGHTING FOR TRUTH & STOPPING RADICAL ISLAM.
you were quoted by @washingtonpost
How do I find out what the washington post quoted me on. The little bot told me I was but not where to find it. My mouth...fingers...have not had a kill switch since I landed here..Im a new twit can you tell?
The saga continues at FNN. (cnn).
Can't we the people start law suits against them for  disseminating  false information...misleading the public...manipulating the public sentiment to biases...something? Who controls them FCC? I know millions of us could file complaints.
If there is someone who can get me information on specifics I will use it. Decided to go back and help take Cali back. Teach folks how to recall not wait. They used to know.  Gray Davis.
CNN is making MILLIONS on FAKE News...I STOPPED Watching the C-orrupted N-ews N-etwork
Wouldn't a true fake news network not retract the story and keep the fake story going?
Something like taping Comey or Obama's birth certificate or crowd size at the 2017 inauguration?
Or instead of owning up to being wrong blame Hillary for everything wrong with the world? I mean, that would be Fake News to me.
It's amazing how much effort CNN or and true news organization puts in a story and how little effort you put into tweets.
It's amazing how little effort Trump puts into being a decent person.
And how little effort he puts into being President of the United States.
If he put half the effort into being President as he does golfing...he'd still be a pathetic excuse of a President.
Trump is unstoppable he works 18 hours a day most people can't keep up with him he has done more that most do in  4 yrs #Trump2020
your Tweet was quoted by @nytimes
And, the obvious: MY FAVORITE PRESIDENT TRUMP WAS RIGHT  The Left is sooo slow! How many times will they are gi for the sake of arguing?
What a blunder to the integrity of a well known world news network !
CNNItWasAChillingMomentForAUnitThatBoastedPulitzer PrizeWinners&SuperstarInternetSleuths. PulitzerWinnersLikeObama'sNobelPe
Why not report on Podesta, HRC connections to Russia energy, sold Russia our Uranium, pay to play! Why no report on that?
What? CNN has fake news? CAN'T BE.......
Wow, CNN had to retract big story on "Russia," with 3 employees forced to resign. What about all the other phony stories...
President Trump’s Lies, the Definitive List
Orange is the new stupid!
The story behind a retracted CNN report on the Trump campaign and Russia
Why no report on Mueller getg caught selling stolen uranium to Russia!? He is an evil dude.
... President Trump right again... Cnn admits more fake news ....God Bless Trump
Miimi moml

The reason Donald Trump tweets so much is he can't trust the media to balance news. Tweeting is his way to get his story out to us unedited.
A small group was controlling our country and then came along DonaldTrump who has overturned the Applecart. That's why I still support him.
The MAIN PLAYERS should step down Better yet take their licenses
BOMBSHELL https://medium.com/@JackPosobiec/busted-cnn-producer-caught-on-tape-admitting-russia-story-is-bulls-t-for-ratings-4f96f50dc5b4 …
CNN is ISIS
Revoke their press passes!
Breaking: CNN considering shutdown amid massive fake news scandals
#AmericanPravda
When the MSM get it wrong, they fire the offenders. When you lie, the GOP & your supporters just say, "More, please".
#BLOTUS
I'm coining that "bullshit bukakke."
Wow, Trump continues to lie about "Russia," with even more lies everyday. What about all the other phony stats he puts out? FAKE PRESIDENT!
Who resigned after today's story? Many people,are saying you are bracing for another shoe to drop.
Stop the FAKE NEWS harangue.  You sound like a dictator and it's making us nervous while you make money off of this new Donald Shit Show
#malakas
CNN got it wrong and admitted it. Still waiting for you and your good friend @seanhannity to do the same. #notholdingmybreath
Hypocrite,lying, Small Dick trump!!! 
YOU ARE FAKE NEWS DRAMA QUEEN!!!
That makes me so happy !!!! The truth will always come out in the end . CNN sucks !!!!
How many have resigned from your FAKE administration so far!!
Leftists are falling like dominoes!
They are self hating envious tools of evil that must be eliminated from our planet.
YES I LOVE YOU TRUMP !!
What about the REAL stories Donald? Like why you're allowing US to bomb anti-ISIS Syrian forces? Or arms deals w Saudi who fund ISIS?
Do you know it?
And I doubt Assad would be dumb enough to use chemical weapons in #Syria - it'd be nuts. Watch out you're not getting FAKE INTELLIGENCE!
The real story new Pew Poll has the current favorable rating for you around the world at 22%.  Obama was always around 67%. Proof you suck!
Tommy, again, I support a lot f what you do and say. But please stop aligning yourself with Trump. It makes you less credible.
Donny your tweets are a distraction to the real issue. You are a traitor to the country !
The country listens to your fake news every day.  You have no credibility!
Americans have been lied to for years and years. Now I know how so many lying, cheating, thieving, selfish, scumbag representatives got elec
Thankful for President Trump, A real representative of the American people!!! 
stop the bullshit with Syria. You are only doing what Hillary wanted with her no fly zone.Stop the MIC regime change war making profiteers
POTUS is human slime & that is NOT fake news - just truth!!
Mr. President, it's time to cut CNN as the official  "News Agency" who represents US in all the Airports in the USA & let FOX do it for US!!
FAKE president!
Tell like it is Mr. President ...good to hear about the shake downs
At least @CNN has the honor to accept their mistakes!!!
It's a shame you haven't lost your job for getting it wrong also. Liar.
woooowhoooo winning !!!  #TRUSTTRUMP
And the patriots.  We do love ASSANGE. Thank you Julian. Let's show him some love.
Fake President!
Think the 4th Estate are a million times more accurate than this demi God
happy moment for comrade kofeve...don't rest too well as this one will come back when the sources are confirmed.
Cool
I don't believe ANYONE fired: fake news from fake news...lol
How about Yates, Flynn and comey ?
So much winning!
Plus, How much more are all of them going to find.  How about this, U are the boss, U gave all the orders, and they all said "Yes, Sir!"
At least they are honorable enough to admit a mistake unlike our liar in chief. Shit you should spend 3/4's of your time appologizing.
The truth ALWAYS comes out!  You are Our President! Keep  strong and keep up the good work!
Love what ur doing you and your great family are  wining
Good for CNN for putting journalistic standards first.
Ha ha. The President was right!
#inyourface
The honorable 4th Estate actually makes retractions! What about you? You spawn a plethora of lies and have never retracted
CNN won't bother talking logically & fairly about issues & we have plenty. All nonsense & fake news on Russia.
Sorry loser.
I'm glad they got fired if they report false propaganda about Russia
Finally they are  getting called out!

Yeah. They made a mistake. They retracted it, apologized, and fired the reporters. Sounds a lot like journalistic integrity to me. Idiot.
Hey STUPID, they didn't "HAVE TO" 
They chose to!
Sir: Is this your greatest concern? Your top priority? The American people deserve your attention. This obsession is demeaning.
FAKE PRESIDENCY
中国韓国北朝鮮の強請集り恫喝犯罪強姦金儲けしかしない愚民　
遺伝子異常の　#文在虎 はスワップ再開するのは当然とタカリ屋
金が無いなら日本の中韓朝血族とタックスヘイブンの中朝鮮人を全部強制連行すれば700兆円あり輩と国交断絶条件！
http://anonymous-post.com/archives/8510 
犯罪行為を行い他人の揚げ足を取り不幸をあざ笑うのは
その殆どが #朝鮮族 
@SheriffClarke im taking my ball and going home
you're a fake human being.
Takes a fake to know a fake!
CNN was wrong, 3 journalists consequently resigned. What's the consequence for you lying abt inaugural crowd size, Obama wiretap, or Russia?
@CNN owes u diamonds + gold for they're malevolent lies/slander they hope idiots will believe to be true.
FAKE CREST,  stolen phoney coat of arms. Von Trump
Yeah but other stories will come to light.
Submitted without comment. 
As is your fake Time cover?
Your a dictator and fox news is your puppet master!!!
and this surprises you? the Real MAJORITY of people have known about them WAY before You even announced you where running for office.
What about all your thousands of lies? When will you resign?
You sound like you should be writing the gossip column for a private school newspaper. When will the hair pulling and eye scratching begin?

You wouldn't know the truth if it Kicked you in the Nuts!  Sham!  Liar liar!
Stop tweeting and do your fucking job!!!!
Has Don the Con Trump's Fake News spokesman Baron or John Miller weighed in yet?  SAD SICK DEPLORABLE!
Mr. Trump I voted for you, I believe in you, and what you can do for our great nation, yes there is fake news,
Our "great nation" is fighting with a couple of morning show hosts right now. Maybe we're not as great as we think. We're a disaster!
FAKE PRESIDENT
Mr. President, You mean FNN?  Lol
You and GOP obviously hate the free press. Therefore you hate the republic which is informed by the free press. You must be impeached.
It’s a sad day for America when the president spends his time bullying, lying and spewing petty personal attacks instead of doing his job.
I'm really sick and tired of whiney Trump.
Why are the press covering him...leave him alone and he will disintegrate without the coverage. He's an attention seeker.#whiner
Dear Leader. When they make a mistake they report it. Do you?
How people resigning from the WH since you took office
Wow! GFYrslf
I get it, the job is hard, mistakes get reported your behind the learning curb & doing your best. Respect the constitution though.. damn.
unlike you,they admitted they were wrong. you are a child!
What about TIME magazine?  Your pic on cover....FAKE NEWSFEED
UR FAKE NUS
Fake so called P
When R you going 2 apologize & retract your lies@realDonaldTrump.Yes! Human make mistakes and they correct it.
But you have never retracted
. Try retracting all of your lies!!!
Don't you worry Pres Trump Your accusers/lairs are beginning to surface. Payback is going to be hell for them 
“Perception is more important than reality."  Ivanka Trump, The Trump Card: Playing to Win in Work & Life. Learned that from you, right 45?
When are you going to resign with all your fakeness? @realDonaldTrump
How about ALL those LIES falling out of trumps mouth, DAILY
at least they acknowledge and admit to their mistakes and then take action. U LIE AND LIE AND LIE and then lie about lying. It's exhausting.
And, what about all the lies you so eloquently share?
Oh, and how about your picture on the cover of Time magazine. Fake or better yet, another lie!
Give them something other than u tell her she had a nice smile get on Loretta lunch inveagate
I saw this great TIME cover...did you?
The Fake News channels helped me to realize to NEVER listen to an 'Anonymous' source again... All Lies....
@realDonaldTrump Fox News showed "riots in Wisconsin" with palm trees in the background. You mean *THAT* kind of FAKE NEWS? #LiarInChief
#NotMyPresident #Impeach45 #ImpeachTrumpNOW
U should retract everyday 4 the lies U sprew. I think the fact the reporters where fired add 2 CNN credibility.
You are the main liar and fake
What about all the lies you tell? And the taxes you don't pay? And the money you owe Russia? And the time those hookers peed on you ?
Damn... Do you see why it's so difficult to take you serious or respect you? You focus on the wrong shit!!
At least @CNN owned up to it unlike you,who doesn't apologize or correct ANY of your HUNDREDS of screw ups in the last 2 years u hypocrite
Mr. President,CNN finally had to come clean with their "Really Fake News". Journalists are not supposed to have an agenda. 3 just found out.
Yes,  decent people who arent weak pathological liars admit their mistakes. You should try it once,
Actually they wern't fired over russia and you are still being investigated
Have you retracted and apologized for your fake news Birther stories? How are your investigators doing? SAD SICK DEPLORABLE!
You should quit too because you've lied far more times with far greater impact.
FYI: People DON'T resign over FAKE NEWS! They resign over PROOF!!!
Wasn't it you who faked a cover of Time to help your fragile ego and make you feel special? Asking for a friend. Loser.
You're such a boob.
We hope u enjoy these first 4 years cause unlike Obama, u won't get another term to fuck up America! Now that will, make America great again
Yes...Fake
those 3 are just sacrificial lambs. cynical attempt at atonement, thinking we'll buy it, then it's business as usual. as if we're fooled.
CNN dealt with it responsively & immediately.  That's what respectable news entities do.  Go CNN!
When will you resign for being a pathological liar?
С днем независимости американцы
At least they have ethics in retracting it. When will you retract at least some of the lies you tell everyday?

Keep tweeting.  We know we are getting correct info.  No fake news.  Your doing a great job.  Thank you.
Your the FAKE potus FAKE  business man,  a FAKE American #resignalready
ACT LIKE A PRESIDENT!!!
In that case, shouldn't YOU be forced to resign aswell?
#FakePrez

http://washingtonjournal.com/2017/06/28/trump-just-accused-cnn-lying-morning-joes-response-perfect/ …
CNN is Fake News. Yes. But so is the conservative version, AKA Fox News.
DON'T WORRY POTUS.CNN will do whatAIR America did, go out in time. This happens to those that preach Liberal Propaganda,better known as lies
Waiting to hear the fate that awaits you for all your lies and well lies.
