My mother finally got through to me today. She's running out of food and describes her surroundings as a war zone. That's the real news!
Oh Lord. There is nothing I can say. I hope they get to her soon. Thinking of you both.
I don't know all details, but I have a friend who works for FEMA and two Army buddies there right now doing everything the can to help.
My brother is a marine and I have nothing but deep respect for the military and our country. There are good people out there trying hard!
They are spread thin, but doing what they can. I wish people would stop blaming Trump for not doing anything until they know.
It's what he says. He doesn't think before he speaks. It's disturbing for a leader to be so reactive in people's time of need.
Why do people focus so much on what he says instead of what he does. They expect him to sound like a politician. He's not.
No worries...they have no power for which to watch the news.  Now stop tweeting bullshit and do something #IstandwithCarmen
They actually do have power... but let’s go with what you say... lol btw Carmen Yulín is anti-american  
You are wrong. They have NO power, and no one anti-American except Trump.
She herself said ‘we don’t need those Americans help’ is not anti American? Sheesh... man you’re blind
Saying you don't need help from a murderous army obsessed country isnt anti america. IM anti america. carmen isnt
Murderous army? Now the @unitedstatesar1  is murderous?... wow... she’s refused help from the US but takes help from the dictator of Ven...

Hahaha that’s snowflake thinking , everyone else is wrong because they don’t think like you guys. Good day.  I guess I won’t get a reply :p
Stop tweeting while people are dying.
Where, exactly, has the news been fake? Is it wrong that Puerto Rico is facing a serious crisis and your non-leadership is making it worse?
For once in your life, be a leader or resign. Stop playing golf. Stop tweeting. Do something for our American citizens in Puerto Rico.
And yet, as you attack the Mayor of San Juan, you still refuse to attack white supremacists. Shows you true colors.
Mr. President: Be better than this. You represent our country to the world. And with every tweet, every slander, you embarrass us. Stop.
The US was just struck with 3 record breaking hurricanes...give the govt/ 1st responders/ Trump a break...doing their best.
If they'd been working on it, he wouldn't have that much time to golf and tweet. No one is giving the victims a break of the situation either.
He's already got 10,000 first responders/military helping there as we speak. How about you go help if you're not satisfied with that #.
#FoxNews
Lol wouldn’t they know if they’re being helped or not?
He's been doing his job by sending military assistance and supplies, and they're trying to get the power back on but it's a slow process.
They don't need the news to tell them you've left them for dead!
P
Seriously, what is wrong with you?
U are #FakeNews & a #FakePresident !  #Resign
Hey Donald, you have American blood on your hands! Puerto Ricans are dying because of your indifference. Was it because they're brown?
You spent days picking a fight with the NFL when you should have been helping #PuertoRIco. Now you tweet about them from your golf course.
You need to stop.
Oh shut up
I'm pretty sure the people living through hell right now understand their situation.
Mueller's coming. I can't wait!
NO ONE it PR can even access the news. How awful was your childhood that you engage in a pissing match every time your name is mentioned?
Don't believe @realDonaldTrump he's fake news. You're no patriot.
Obama
Sucked
Nice tractor
Hahaha

Your the FAkE NEWS and a FAKE PRESIDENT, go back to Russian!! @CarmenYulinCruz @RepJenniffer
You are the originator of fake news. Everything you tweet is fake news. People are dying due to your neglect. Can’t you see, you are not fit
you are the REAL & GREAT
but all of us are FAKE & LIE :)))
You have serious issues.
You're nuts.
He is right non of us even watch the dishonest news !!! Thank You President Trump !


Can a fund not be setup? So the rest of the world can pledge?
But they should believe you? That's a good one!
Stop tweeting while people are dying and start helping!
i think they're past the point of listening to your bullshit. And Sanders'. And Scavino's. And your entire admin. As are most of us.
there's no electricity, hence no TV, hence no news, trump fakery or otherwise. They're living your incompetent nightmare.
To our Puerto Rico brethren - 

Your power is on, your water is running. You are all well fed. Don’t listen to fake news! 

(I voted HRC)

The fake news media has zero credibility! Puerto Ricans want to make America great again!
Puerto Ricans see the way that their government has driven them into an oblivion of debt! They want Trump style leadership
How's about Trump pays them back for the bond he walked away from?  That would be a start.
You're right! I don't have @FoxNews to begin with!
Fake news like what?
Like the State Secretary announce more than 200 dead people in Yauco?
I live in Yauco those numbers are a lie.
To people of The world : Do not believe him! #FakePresident
Vous avez c'est un gros porc  ses scrupules monteur
Worst.President.Ever.
#FakeNews? I call it real life, Donny. You failed the people of #PuertoRico, and it will haunt you for your entire life. #PuertoRicoRelief

A month later, 84% of Puerto Rico is still without electricity.

22% don’t have drinking water. https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/914216744385904640 …
In other words don't believe anything trump says
Keep up the good work you are the best president we ever had you are for the people do not listen to the Democrats just keep going like you are
the mayor is wading waist deep with a bullhorn saving lives, what the hell are you on about?
Talk about disrespecting a Flag! 
You insult the intelligence and experiences of Puerto Ricans, and have the gall to  finish with the Puerto Rican Flag.
Mentally ill prisoner in his own mind
Puerto Rico is still pretty screwed up from the floods, so your strategy of "Reject reality, substitute own" doesn't seem to be working.
No electricity. no water. They get it.
I agree Mr President. Enjoy my picture..
These people don’t do a thing to help make America’s 70 million students safe at school and yet their talkn about aid to others memo charity begins at home first then the territories charitable foundation Alert Inc.
They can really believe anything you tweet either mr president.
They don’t even have any power. How can they believe or not believe anything on the news when they can’t see it?  #PuertoRicanLivesMatter
I think they can look out the window for the truth....if they still have one.
You’re still a....
DO NOT BELIEVE TRUMP ... HE IS SERIAL LIAR, A RACIST AND A FRAUD
We are so over you and the government. We are still waiting to receive the food people are donate You and everyone is so full of 
If nobody has vomited in your mouth yet I would volunteer my services for the good of my country.
The people of PR can't see the news you dolt. They have no power, no cell service, no internet.
They are present they know how bad it is, and have no electricity and internet
Hey fake president stop golfing get off your high horse and get your ass to Puerto Rico and help them out.
Sorry Trump, but our fellow Americans down in PR aren't watching much TV without power or even a home.
Gonna be hard to watch #FakeNews from the #WhiteHouse with no electricity.
Nice Tweet to an island of people without power, your a real thinker
how would they know you're saying this through Twitter? they don't have power or phones! guess what? they don't have FOOD, WATER or ANYTHING
i’m exasperated
To the people of Puerto Rico:
Do not believe the #fakepresident! 
#PRStrong
There's such thing as being media literate. Blaming the media for your problems is like blaming books because you can't read.
To the people of Puerto Rico:
Do not believe Donald Trump! 
He 's a lying sack of sh##.
They don't believe you,
When the person in power, has no clue, about real life!  change your PR they’re fake news!

Thank you for all the help.
Stop it!!!!
Pictures don't lie
@POTUS is on the way!!
FAKE NEWS?! It's YOUR quote: "[s]uch poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan, and others in Puerto Rico." Get a clue.

Such a disappointment this fuck
Are coming to Washington asking for more. Wake up Puertoricans and don't buy PR politicians bologna anymore.
DOTARD J TRUMP. - that's MY 45th pres.
No worries there. No power means no internet or cell service. I doubt they're getting our tweets.
Believe that I am throwing paper towels at you. Is this a sporting event you asshole?
They probably don't have power, so I doubt they're watching the news, you mook.
Mister President, send airplanes with Fake News banners, but be more specific - is Fox a fake news too?
Have you ever considered yourself a major source of fake news? Just saying...
Maybe you'll realize tomorrow when you're actually in Puerto Rico that they are not getting the news because they have no power Dummy Donny!
They can't watch the news with no power. Maybe stay off your phone for five minutes and send some relief to #PuertoRico
REAL News: You are a FAKE President. Worst President EVER. That's for REAL
They have nothing they see a rasict retard is in charge WHO  thinks they are MEXICANS

You create #FakeNews with idiotic tweets .. media investigate & report it then you delete them & have the Gull to say @cnnbrk is Fake News

DO NOT BELIEVE DONNIE THE FAKE PRESIDENT
?
Puerto Rico don’t have power now
@tonycantu300 damn right
To the people of USA: Do not believe the @POTUS
They probably won’t have to believe it, if your wrinkly orange ass went there to help them out
You had every opportunity to be an American Hero and failed  Viva 
I think they have more important things to worry about, like, you know, SURVIVAL.
Ummm.  They don't have electric/phones, so I doubt they are listening.  In fact, I would bet that obtaining food and water is full time job.
You are seriously deluded. Those people don't have power to watch anything. Maybe you'd know that if you made a decent effort to help
You do realize this tweet fell on deaf ears. They have no contact.
maybe, you need this information

They don't have access to News in Puerto Rico.

Do YOUR job and quit with the #FakeNews crap!
you have no integrity
They aren't getting any news ya Mimi
Massive tax cuts for you and the wealthy. Huge budget deficit. Cats to social programs we need. Stupid
With little to no electricity or cell service, how much FAKE news do you think there believing? There living through it. Nothing Fake there!

Hurricane Maria swept through Puerto Rico almost two weeks ago, but families remain trapped in Utuado and elsewhere.

Roads and homes were washed away in massive landslides. People…
That is so stupid it's not funny so if they are dying from lack of food  due to your neglect to respond then it's fake,  maybe your fake
I will continue to pray for our country. I will pray that our citizens ignore your attempts to divide us. We must not allow you to win.
Do you think the people in P.R. who are STARVING and dying and have no shelter are making it up? It is NOT fake news.
I had to APOLOGIZE to my facebook friends around the world for your HATREDS.
How irresponsible for a leader to tell people not to believe news   when a radio powered by batteries is only what they have access to.
If only they had power to hear you!
To the people of Puerto Rico:
Do not believe @realDonaldTrump #FakeNews!
#PRStrong
I can't wait til you're no longer in office, even if your stupid ass avoids jail you'll never be able to earn a de in america again.
Jim Bates says I live in Puerto Rico. We ARE getting help. From Army, Navy, FEMA, Volunteer Ministers and celebrities.Turn off CNN.They lie.
he's a sock puppet.  read the comments on his Facebook page.
Pay attention! PR has NO electric, no news, ruined homes and towns and hardly any phones. But please, go play golf instead of helping.LOSER
While granted situation in PR is bad, natural disasters happen. All of you sitting on your butts complaining. What would you do different?
To all the liberal POS's I saw them down there on iPhone's!
LOL. they have no means to access any news!  You dotard!’n
Breakfast at The Bank , well porridge is healthy isn't it ?

Wanted: For Crimes Against Humanity #SanJuanMayor #PuertoRico
If they could hear/see MSM they would recognize the stories they told reporters!
Doing a great job POTUS.   And do MORE tweeting... Idiot libs seriously can't stand it.
@KeithOlbermann They don't need fake news to see that Tillerson is right. All they have to do is look around. RUSSIA, RUSSIA, RUSSIA. 
I'm sure they are all watching on their TV's...what a moron.
They aren't watching ANY news. They don't have electricity and cell service! Stupidest. President. Ever. Do your job! #FAKEpresident
NO, DEFINITELY DO NOT BELIEVE HIS FAKE NEWS! 
YOUR PRESIDENT REALLY DOESNT GIVE A DAMN ABOUT YOU, HE PREFERS GOLF
YOU’RE THE WORST
