
#Trump is #TerroristNumberOne in America. Throw his ass out or make him attend an American public school.... He gives away his presidential salary- how about he provides secret service agents to all schools and forgoes his own since he's soooo well liked!
Just throw him out & the rest of the GOP in 2018
Yes cut them off
#TerroristRecruitment #TheEnemyWithin #ISIS @intifada
Yes, cut them off!!!!!
@realDonaldTrump re: "Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off & use BETTER". It's not 'better' to use it for anger or uncontrolled tangents, either. Curb your tweets and think before you speak.
They should cut you off from the internet or you should use it better. Also, calling everyone a loser makes you sound like the 7th grade bully on the school yard picking on 3rd graders. These are terrorists not tots. US has NEVER seemed weaker on terrorism!
傻逼
Usa....love my Pres..
says the biggest internet troll....lmao
WHO? THE KKK NEON NOT-C OR THE SUPREMES (WTHOUT DIANNA)
BANNON OUT TO GET YOU DONT TRUST HIS ASS IM TELLING YOU
YOU KNOW WHO THE TERRORISTS ARE..THE CHARLOTTEVILLE,LAS VEGAS, FLORIDA SERIAL KILLER AND THE CALIFORNIA FIRES IS JST A HINT
Clean your own house first! We HAVE NAZIS MARCHING IN OUR STREETS & A RUSSIAN APPOINTED POTUS IN OUR WHITE HOUSE! #ResistTrump
How's that investigation into White Supremacist/Nationalist groups & Neo-naxis going? What? There is none? Really?
Says tweeter in chief someone should shut urs down please stop stupid tweets
What? OMG!! You don't need to be on tweeter all day
Being a president, you must select what you say or write down! Yes you are doing a good job but not all are happy
destroy pakistan terrrrrost, best u can do.most live there.
@BultmanVictoria good very good.
It’s like you don’t even know how ironic this is, coming from you
Are you kidding me? You apart of the shadow Government?
Certainly aren't the brightest bulb on the tree, are you?
Hell no! #TheResistance needs the internet. 1st Amendment is MORE important than 2nd. Do something about assault guns! #25ththe45th
Terrorists = Losers
White Supremacists = Fine People 
Something is wrong here, just can't put my finger on it
#SupportKurdistan
If that means cutting you off from the internet that will be great!
特靠谱先生说的对（手动狗头）
You need to get off the internet.
One day very soon the true Christian will be branded a terrorist because the world hates God's commandments.
Hold on, cut off our internet? That’s not scary at all. The only good thing that would happen would be YOU misusing it with your  tweets.
@realDonaldTrump so your solution to terrorism is to curb free speech?  #giveuplibertyforsecuritydeserveneither

The biggest threat to America is its president!

The primate on the right is better looking, more intelligent, and more capable of empathy than the orange blob on the left!
Yet you voted for Obama who couldn't even blow his nose and had a vagina with a first man with a penis
Shut down the internet, hide in your safe room, only allow Amazon trucks on the streets.
All the service people deported? I guess we do it all ourselves.
Are you wholly incapable of speaking above the level of a 4th grade bully on the schoolyard? Speak like a POTUS/educated adult.
The main recruitment tool includes Twitter Donny. And the majority want you to do your job and lead our country.
Are you simply insane?
Is this a Russian tweet too?
So is yours and yes, we must cut it off and the Russians
Trump just starts companies and files bankruptcy
Very good 
You should know! Perhaps you can get off the internet and learn how to be a president. Really just throw in the towel! #takeaknee
Calling terrorists losers makes you sound childish next time try a adult word like foolish,destructive, or atrocious Also please use grammar
Degenerates would work too
White supremacists like you, are loser terrorists.  When will you disconnect from the internet Mr. President?
U should be talking about your kind thats in the kkk!
Does that mean you'll stop tweeting
Read 24 rules of Sharia  no internet
Start including BLM on the terrorist list
Cut off their INTERNET RECRUITMENT
Their main recruitment tool is Barack Obama 
@realDonaldTrump #45 please stop your Madness!
Praying for you
Stick those words back in your mouth and use it. U NEED TO STAY OFF THE INTERNET.
and winner terrorists, like Charlottesville - well, they are good people, right? dick!
yes!!! Let's shut down the internet!!! #MAGA
Their main recruitment tool is when a family of innocents is bombed, killed or droned, then the rest of the family go ROGUE, Stop US WARS!
That worries me, CENSORSHIP. In March 2017 all internet info was to be sold to the highest bidder for "target marketing" to create jobs,
Cut it off. We did just fine before it existed.
Which is why all of your accounts should be suspended.
I have an idea quit giving them training funding weapons and air support!!!
but I use the internet. And im not a terrorist. You cant punish everyone because of the actions of a few
Agreed. We should only support winner terrorists.
Totally agree, but with inept Government covering things up our people are left disadvantaged.
Why don't u get off twitter & figure out how to defeat the terrorists? U might learn some useful info if u would read & listen!
Wish u would cut off ur use of twitter! Ur words incite anger, divisiveness, and dispair. Do ur job...which doesn't include the NFL!
Just a matter of time before the internet HAS restrictions put on it ! Trump you need Nancy pelosi In your administration


É isso Mano!! ! Tu és o cara.
What does this even mean? Are you hoping to control the internet like N Korea? That will make us safer for sure.

"Loser terrorists" what are a high schooler?? Wait, nvm that s an insult to most of my generation
Loser Donald Trump must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.The internet is his main recruitment tool which we must cut off & use better!
Dotard !! We can't cut off the internet how would you tweet? By pigeon carriers?
Twitter really needs to delete you Twitter account you bastard and never let use Twitter again
I can talk American too.
It is sad that it has taken all these lost lives to get people to look at the Internet problem! Thank you.
I love hearing you tell them how it is. Maybe theyll listen someday or change there opinion. Just keep being thatgreat leaderthat godSeesinU
No.... you are the LOSER LOSER LOSER orange face
Do away with playing the anthem at the show,games, or circus. Games are no longer worthy if players are using it to act like clowns.
Take out their cell sites
And now you want to manage communication through social media? You are the president of the free world, not a dictator.
Yes, exactly why you need to go.
Build that FIREWALL!!!
Loser POTUS makes me sick to my stomach!
Stop tweeting. You are a recruitment device for ISIS.
What do you mean the NSA monitors every tweet every phone call everything is done electronically, nobody on this planet excepts terrorism !
Drag them threw the streets and hang them from a bridge in Dearborn mi
Yes - I understand ISIS also utilizes Twitter for their intel- Better get off immediately!!!
You supported Saudi who supported all jihadi Isis, and those who created 9/11 none r from Iran & 100 million $ 4 ivanka. U r greed is sick
Then PLEASE GET OFF TWITTER
They would rather spend time "researching Russian ties" then stopping terror recruitment. And burning flags spitting on true patriots.
We could start with certain so-called world leaders using the internet better. #doyourjob #Gladyourenotmyleader
Only children and loads call people names. Which are you?  

Liar liar pants on fire
You gotta be kidding me
Have you ever taken an English class that you actually went to and graduated with a passing grade?
How should we deal with LOSER presidents?
Can you please expand your vocabulary? "Loser"
Dude! Read the first amendment before spouting off unconstitutional bull shit of this nature.
The main weapon they have is halal business it is taking over all street food in NYC. It is seem like a monopoly.
I believe a extra taxes on any halal food certificate would generate money to help USA government to keep America safety.
Can you use an online thesaurus please, your vocabulary is tiring
I'm a Christian and I love Christ. Will you tweet you're Christian and you look Christ. You tweet everything else
I'm a Christian I love Christ will you tweet you look for eyes in your Christian you tweet everything else
Will you tweet I follow Jesus Christ you took down my other post asking you to do that
I'd like to cut off your access to the internet. #fakepresident
Loser presidents must be dealt with in a much tougher manner, internet/twitter is their main comm tool which we must cut off & use better!
You know who calls people losers?  Children.  You have the vocabulary of a child.
How do we cut off your internet though? 
Loser Trump must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.
In the primaries you would destroy Isis  in a short period? It's Fall now and they are still running over people and using bombs now.
YOU are a terrorist and somehow was elected to office of President of the United States.  I cannot believe the way the world is unfolding!
Your the only terrorist I know of.
But not the popular ones, just the losers?
So now you see Saudi for what it is
You sound like my 5 year old son.
EXACTLY!!!! Your internet must be cut off now! You are the terrorist, the traitor, the leader of the uneducated white supremacists you love
Put it down if your president. "I vow to never pick up my phone when behind the oval office desk." Put it down.
Government censorship huh, sounds fascist.
You're an adult stop using "Mean Girls" terms like loser
I ageee! Delete your account.
USA! https://youtu.be/ArsLH-D19GM 
I agree
"Loser"? What, are you 12?
The only person who should be cut off from the internet is you, Donny.
Can you for once sound like an educate president?

President Trump blocked a woman with stage 4 cancer on Twitter. 

Here’s her response: 
American Red Cross make too much corruption in Haïti Mr President please help us in Canaan. Enough is Enough please ! !
Not good so you can control us

resign
Wow. It's as if you are trying to win "Worlds Dumbest President". #FakePresident #TotalLoser
Smoke them
#ironymuch
great idea , we must be smarter and advance them more than 10 steps . let them play our games
