Nah nah nah, nah... nah nah nah, nah... Hey hey hey..
GOOD BYE!!!
I think it is time to start looking at single payer system Obama care has changed insurance for ever more people think all should be covered
Yeah this makes sense: people w/ mental illness will have access to guns but not treatment for their mental illness! That's fucked up!!!!
FU
Can't afford it too bad the ultimate f u
Your cruelty towards the American people knows no bounds. But again, thanks for destroying the Republicans. Good job.
I'm pretty excited about that waiver for lifetime limits. Thanks for that.
Bullshit. It was a TRAGIC day for the USA...almost as tragic as 11/8/2016 and 1/20/2017.
#PRAY4DJT #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
You do know it has to go through the Senate, right? Not sure if you get the whole Legislative Branch idea.
The Senate is one of those archaic throwbacks impeding progress, dontchaknow. Just like the 9th Circuit.
#Trumpcare #trumpcare2 #TrumpLies
... to see
All you snowflakes crying. Now you got to get a job lol.
if you have money it's great...
I neeed go to there to practice my English. I don't want live in USA. I only want go to visit.
You truly are clueless
The greatest day for America will be the day of your impeachment. Take that POS Pence and Ryan with you.
Have you ever had to worry about your health care bills? No, I didn't think so.
#MAGA @realDonaldTrump
Henry, a lot of FL retirees on fixed incomes are very nervous given the #AHCA permits HMOs to triple their premiums ...
As a Canadian I see how this orange head destroys America, u American patriots stand up for ur country, this man must go, resist!
Mr. President could you please give us details of the new plan in a way that we all can understand. I understand premium are increasing
And by the way...who is crazy enough to celebrate something not yet accomplished. Oh, I forget, you're in office. So that explains it.
TRUMP CARES NOTHING FOR YOU.   LOOK AT HIM.  HE'S NERVOUS.    TRUMP IS AFRAID THE PEOPLE WILL SCREW HIM BACK!   HAAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAH
Today was an L for Day Trader Donald (shortsighted!). Stuck inside Fox & Friends bubble. No clue Obamacare is popular.
Doubt that.. you must be a load short.
Is treason a pre-existing condition?
Requisite condition to get US citizenship, and you better be white man.
Secretary Clinton was so right - you, Mike Pence and your House Republican friends are indeed a basket of deplorables!!
Trump 1 American people 0
#AHCA is a tax cut for the rich, disguised as a health care bill. Make no mistake about it.
#Rape as a #preexistingcondition...how, in a sane world, could that b part of any "great plan"???? #trumpsassaultonamericans
All Trump haters need to crawl in the hole you came from. I endured your Obama so you deal with my president Trump. And I did say my president
You are a murderer, and illegitimate.
You heard us today, Donald- you husk of a human being. We detest you.
DC doesn't want him either.
And yet another GOP president that lost the popular vote. Hmmm. 
Oh I see. So you're what reverse evolution looks like.
Dear Deplorables,

YOU will be the ones hurt most & killed by the #AHCA.

Darwinism is back (look it up). Good luck.
"I'm sorry you can't afford your health care… you should have worked harder to be able to afford your $140k medical bills
The answer is 24 million, Donald. But it’s OK because, if you die, it was God’s will—what an honor!

https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/421398464472162304 …
Republicans are "pro-life"… so long as you're a "coastal elite"

The deplorables can just be left to die for all that you care!

 ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Trump voter: "I lost my healthcare!"
Me: "You won, get over it."
You just screwed over you own voters BIGLY. The 11 states this will devastate most all voted for you, but you don't care about them. SAD!
You all will be celebrating your deaths as the “coastal elites” get tax breaks.

The truth isn’t always pretty. Trump screwed you.
WWJD?

"I know you were raped, but that's now a pre-existing condition… you should just work harder to pay for your rising premiums."
Hey dude - how is all that winning going for you?
when C-section and rape are a preexisting condition and erectile dysfunction isn't, we have lost as a society. #resist
The bags under your eyes betray too much binge drinking caused by Hilary defeat syndrome. Please seek help before permanent damage sets in
@Real Donald Trump u ent winning pal
It was a GREAT day for the United States of America! This is a great plan that is a repeal &amp; replace of ObamaCare.… ...
Looks like you're the one who made a mistake about it?
Trumpcare is disgusting. @GOP
It's called getting govt out of our lives
MAGA
No it's not. For Trump and the GOP it's about giving insurance companies a handout while screwing middle class and vulnerable Americans.
You are wrong. Obama's plan insured the wealth wall st firms would make money. We the people were the sacrifice.
That's a lie. Obamacare wasn't perfect, but Trumpcare will be a disaster. GOP sacrificed average Americans to appease Trump's ego.
Obama & Dems lied outright. This bill will fix things & be changed where appropriate.  Trump's promise to We The  people. Have faith
I've lost all faith in Trump. I should have known not to trust him. I voted for him once, and will never make that mistake again.
He's scary our country has never seen this. But he's not alone.
I did not vote for this.  This opportunity taken away from the mani and given to the few.  Thursday I lost faith in you Mr President.
He started campaigning right away for the .
He is selling the US to Russia too.
But you know that, of course.
You may want to rethink this one.
Winning!
Boy, this didn't turn out so well did it? A little premature celebrating you did there. You all just look like asses now.
I hope so  ... We need GREATNESS AGAIN
Blue Cross Blue Shield is the biggest tax exempt crooks and land owners in TN.
And many Americans are currently worried if they'll be covered under this new plan. #ObamaWasABetterPresident
You make all of the mistakes for us Trump weed.
We'll be great after your impeachment
Yah it was a great day, another Trump screwup making its way around the WH,just like letting a frizz bee go,never know what side it lands on
Where are the scores? Do they even matter to you billionaires?
Does that somehow make you feel better about the fact  you are throwing your support to our traitor-in-chief, Pres. PeePee Pussy Grabber?
Why are these people(the gop) doing all this to us..to our world, to the people why
You're a terrorist.
Why did the GOP delete the promise to protect people with pre-existing conditions from their website ???
CBO says... TYPICAL TRUMP LEGISLATION...  MILLIONS losing health care benefits.  The poor get crippled while the rich reap all the benefits!
Why do you think it was "great?"  Just curious how you justify that to yourself.
It's a GREAT democratic Campaign Ad. Your HUBRIS AND SHEER IGNORANCE will MAGA by NUETERING @GOP #AmericaFirst #RESISTANCE
A great plan doesn't deny coverage for 14 million Americans and make it impossible to afford insurance with pre-existing conditions. Awful!
The plan must be broken down in simple terms
an explained in detail to the American public !
Unconstitutional SHIT.
?
You sound like a 3rd grader with an undiagnosed learning disability... actually, now that I think about it, you ACT like one too!
You kids have it all backwards.
You're the biggest mistake in history.
In your delusional world Dumpf! How does it feel to be a puppet? How does it feel to go against the experts physicians from AMA? You're dumb
The beginning of the end!!!
Boo nothing great about it..just an old fat rich bully
You and your komrades have officially lost your "pro-life" cred. #holsterInChief
Not great for the 20% who need it now and the 20 to 25% who will need it in the future.
You are embarrassing. America. And yourself.
No matter how much of obamas legacy u roll back he still HUMILIATED YOU in front of millions!
it was a great day for insurance executives. It was a frightening day for millions of Americans.
Say that to Americans with preexisting conditions.  You sir are the most un-American President of the U.S.
its an abomination!
You will go down as the worst Potus in world history
You mean a great day for #richwhitemen
Bernie says “Mr. Pres., you take this bill & you…well, we don’t want to clog up toilets or anything, but you toss it into a garbage can.”
Go Trump get rid of these asshole non workers business is business!  These Democrats just trying to save thier jobs doing nothing!
Thank you President Trump!
According to who FAKE PRESIDENT TRUMP. Only in your mind. Let's see what gets returned to the House. Won't look anything like that.
u know u are not getting a 2nd term and most likely out before ur first term is over .. and ur rep. buddies will be out also .. its coming
I see a bunch of hollow white men who possess no hearts, no souls, no decency, no compassion. #ImpeachTrump
Great for whom?  Not the middle class.  Not for people who can't afford to buy health insurance from for profit corporations.
Will you keep your promise this time, or is this another hypocrisy? I'm concerned about MY PPL too, D. My ppl are in the psych-field. #Upset
YOUR OWN SON Baron suffers from AUTISM, so how could you make their parents pay a higher premium to cover their autistic children?
Yea with that 880billion cut U gonna work miracles NOT, U LOW DOWN BASTER
REPLACE THE REPUBLICAN PARTY
We need universal health care for all!!!
Don't take QMBs and I'm good. Plz and thx
Trumpcare will not pass!!
not for my elderly Dad or disabled sibling
"Look momma I did poopy in the potty." "Good boy Donny. Ur such a Big boy." #Imbecile-In-Chief
Douche. Douche.
Good job Mr Trump if bill helps people real good job a least somebody thinking about people for a. Change
Single payer universal healthcare!
Great for BILLIONAIRES! !!!
SOOOOOOO PHENOMENAL!!!!  The ANSWER to our PRAYERS, thank GOD!!!  THANK YOU President Trump!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Consistently you demonstrate your word cannot be trusted. Why should anyone believe you. Worst President.
I think what doing is a step back and not forward.
It's NOT FEAD YET MORE TO COME FOR YOU YOUR FIRED IMPEACH TIME FOR YOU....
This was a sad day for the American people.
1
Look at all those white boys surrounding an orange man
Make no mistake! This POS bill is DOA in the Senate! It's going straight into the trash. You repealed & replaced a bunch of GOP Reps though!
Does anyone else find it difficult to listen to this man vomit words from his mouth?

Thank you
Hillary knew health care cold. You just look sadly comical. A pretend, wanna be, President. Least qualified in US history. Sad.
The United States no longer has great days sir. You made sure to disgrace us all when you took office.
ObamaCare put government in control of health care(the money),most 0eople know that's real bad.
Have you not wasted enuf of the nation's time? Of honor, truth, integrity and leadership you've no clue
Its a great day, huge win for the rich, much like the day you were elected. Thankfully ppl are waking up thanks to this!
looking good all you old white males, not my president
#dieinthestreetandshutup   die in the street and shut up   and thanks for the vote suckers !!!!
PENCE IS GAY - HE ADMITTED IT !!!!  HE ALSO HAS THE BRAIN OF A "BIG-FOOT" APE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

GREAT FOR THE INSURANCE COMPANIES!!!!!
Why are the republicans supporting government controlled health care?-----Mark Levin
Fake news
If the senate passes it, a bunch of Obama supporters will get triggered.
What's next? You'll lower taxes and they'll protest?
Sill fool!
Government needs out of heath care this is just another Ryan disaster Politicians should never write Heath care they no nothing about it
Not a great plan unless you are rich
Healthcare access to all Americans? Lies!!... I think you mean access to those that can afford it!
You are ruining this country! You and your puppet regime should take a walk in Afghanistan with no bullet proof vests. That would be justice
It ISN'T the right thing to do btw
Good job guys. ♡ proud of you. Now on to step 2
We are realizing we made a mistake about you. Born on third base and acting like you hit a triple. So sad. For you and for us.
Universal Healthcare for ALL Please.
it's all about your ego, waste of time and money, you could have just made changes to existing legislation
What a joke. #congressmansamgraves be prepared. UR going to face a #shitstorm. Your constituents R NOT HAPPY you voted 4 party, not 4 people
I'm proud to lose my coverage! #Trumpcare may totally suck but at least it's not that black guy's plan. #AHCA #resist #TrumpcareDoesntCover
POS!!!
