It is these repubs who have joined Dems to try and out you work against you, and fight to STOP you and your Presidency Sir. Watch your back with these kind. They are worse than your enemy because you will not see them coming. Stay strong and trust no one but GOD ! @POTUS
Inbelieve he said”NO THANKS”
MORON!
Donald "Oh please daddy...WHY don't you love me????  Fred" You're stupid and UGLY"
Yes and failed to report 3 Million
Imagine that.
And Russia is largely responsible for your ‘election’.
Funny, I though President Obama and HRC was responsible for President Trumps election.
No one believes you.
Yeah helped OBAMA Give Iran AMERICANS BILLIONS which could have been used for creating American jobs. Wonder how much money Obama stole from Americans on that deal as a kick back into offshore secret banks in Panama or Elsewhere?
These people are full of treason and the men are cowards bec there all white people in power doing this
mr. president Trump please do the right thing for our country do not renew the Iran deal, if you do their nuclear weapons will be flying toward us very http://quickly.It  would only take minutes for them to launch from off our coast with a converted ship to carry missiles!
That's right
Revenge, Revenge! Divide and Destroy. That’s the Trump spirit.
Grow UP!
If what I hear from people I know in Chattanooga is true,  @TheJusticeDept needs to be investigating @SenBobCorker on several fronts
Your endorsement has turned red states blue so far!
That was a good deal. You who know nothing about foreign policy should read up on it. Oh wait look who I am talking to. Get pence to read it to you.
OBAMA HAVE MEXICO $17 BILLION TO BUILD MEXICO'S SOUTHERN WALLS WITH SOUTH AMERICA! BUT MEXICO HATES IT WHEN WE WANT TO BUILD OUR WALLS? F THAT! MORE MILITARY AT THE BORDERS! Other countries have their military guarding their borders and no one says shit! Our country our RULES!
You are so brilliant ! NOT !
No, Trump, just more of your BS.  Bob Corker criticized you.  This is simply childish retaliation on your part.  He has more integrity in his little finger than you have even in your imagination.
It is absolutely assinine
Let them hate bt make sure they spell your name right!!
How are you doing with your private list did you make it yet?
Keep up the good work!! Your making Americans proud again. Clear the swamp.
Trump you suck dig 
I wish to remind you of the genocide in some African country, please help to rescue the life of our Christian family there. Thank you Mr Trump I know you have dem in our mind
I think it would be more difficult to win with your endorsement.

Hang him to
Marsha Blackburn all the way to 
Senate. One question Mr. President, can you please get rid of Rosenstein. He is a Clinton/Obama supporter.
Your endorsement? Tell that to Rick Saccone, Luther Strange, Roy Moore, and Ed Gillespie. I thought you said we'd be sick of winning. Tell that to the people you endorse Slug. #happybirthdaystormy #Trump #MAGA
Even potus has to deal with Twitter word count is Sue's.
Sam from Uganda Kampala
President Trump's To Do List:
Drain the swamp 

Trump has endlessly fought fake news, combatted tough issues, and is making America great! Yet, people choose to still hate on this man.
If you hate this man then you're what's wrong with this country.
Your a shining star x
Your endorsement would have put the cork in "Corker".  You would have doomed him more.
Stop blaming other people for things that you can't fix. You have done nothing to help this country since you took over in January
What exactly is the purpose of this tweet? We are on the verge of nuclear war, just had several natural disasters in the largest mass murder in US history.
I simply can't wait until Robert Mueller releases the evidence and we can finally get you kicked out of office and put behind bars
You have a job as the United States president to take control and lead us to greatness. Instead you use your time to personally attack other politicians
GROW UP
3 million Americans said "NO THANKS" to Trump as President.
How many millions said yes ? Duh
Please please grow up!
Iran deal is fake news and way out of date dude. Do something new
Corker took HIS name out of SoS pool liar.
Jeesus! You are just sick. Fake potus.
Fake bews
Liar, what boatload of .
This is complete fabrication... oh sorry Donny that’s a big word. Try FAKE TWEET
What the he'll you talking about
We are onto you You are so FOS anything u say or write is coming from a very mentally ill man. U can't help it Check out sociopath Its YOU!
If you endorse anyone their career is basically over!! People hate you. You're a loser. Give it up you boy-child.
Such a liar! Please, stop stroking your ego. Focus on the job. You are dividing this once great nation. Stop being a child!
We know you are lieing. NOT FIT TO SERVE.
Yep...he wanted some of that Hillary corruption money. He is getting it anyway to set up your impeachment. Republicans are coming after you
U did the right thing!
Corker is not secretary material.
He shouldn't even be in congress.
He stinks up the swamp!
You are right President Trump
Petty
Will that's it for him
Nice try. Corker was being considered as your RUNNING MATE. HE dropped out. HE said "NO THANKS". #LIAR
You are largely responsible for Iran deal and everyone knows it.  They need to take you out in a straight jacket.
Thanks Bob. You also said what everybody thinks about @realDonaldTrump
So embarrassing you’re the president 
Ikr
@GOP @dccc HAHA I told you. Last time it was Hilary!
AND IT'S THE SAME SHIT:  LOVERS OF BARRENITY, LAZY BITCHES TO WHOM ATTACHING A STAKE TO EARLIER WOULD NOT HAVE BEEN A MISTAKE TO CLEANS LAND
no one believes you so stop ending all your statements with "believe me" cuz we dont!!!
Gee, Another Senator who will vote against you at your impeachment hearing, keep up the good work! #ImpeachTrump #ItsMuellerTime
Making America Great Again. A strong leader is a strong Nation
For the people of the United States, I'm so angry with such a president...


Vote and Retweet: What is your opinion on guns?
Drain the swamp!
#Lutherstrange
TENNESSEE LOVES HIM MORE THAN WE LOVE YOU, great pretender!
Lie
Biggest LIAR in history! If he was running and you endorsed him, he'd lose!! But way to go once again in losing the support you need! LOSER!
I heard Corker AND Graham paved the way for Obama to get Iran deal.

#losertrump lies again with his own fake news he cant help his self he is a liar a scumbag fact
... you really suck Donnie !!!
the unfitnessest potus that usa ever has had
worst than georgie 43 bush
which was by the way soooo poooooor
If I were a politician, you would be the last person on earth I would seek an endorsement from 
Shhhh. He’s busy looking for coverage for the shifts at…
You can cry about Corker all you want @POTUS but we know you're just trying to distract from #RussiaGate #MuellerIsComing
You are the best president ever. You are so big and strong and everybody loves you
so, tell us about the private email servers that your family use in the WH.  Didnt Hillary do the same thing? #LockThemUp #DotardTrump
All lies. You never tell the truth. You need mental help! Bob Corker is a man of integrity. That's more than can be said about you!
U pile of smoking
Please your constant whining whenever anyone says anything negative you cofefe way to much

Fm
LIES
STOP HATING on our President Because we finally  got a real man a real presidrnt.. who just don't give a fuck..and got balls.yadadamean!!!
Real president..I ment...u know what I ment..
What the hell Alternative Planet are you on? Going down in history as the worst and most corrupt SCPOTUS the world has ever known. PERIOD!
As an outsider I am shocked by how #potus behaves. Not how I expect the 'leader of the free world' to behave. Hope he jumps before pushed.

Wait a minute, I thought Obama and Hillary were to blame for the horrendous Iran deal????  Does this mean they are off the hook now?
Liar. Loser. Trump's.

Best decision ever, President Trump.  Corker probably would have tried to do a treaty with Rocket Man too!
ADULT DAYCARE, HA!
But you said Obama was to blame for the bad deal with Iran....then it was Hillary....make up your mind....CONFUSING + HEADACHE!
FAKE NEWS  FAKE NEWS  FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS  FAKE NEWS  FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS  FAKE NEWS  FAKE NEWS
Thank you Mr President for all done.
Am a Colombian proud to be an American.
USA a great country
liar
This is not true.  He led the opposition.  
#tellthetruth
#DoYourJob
Again more fake news from Little Don the Con. Only a fool would let you slime their reputation with an endorsement! Loser D
False
You are a lying!  Your nose is growing!
Check out  PatrioticPrick!A draft dodger;chooses foreign press over US mocks US  official w/adversary publicly mocks a vet now a USofficial
Your endorsement is straight from devil. There is another one more powerful than you.
Berense mountain dog

Meet the real Bob Corker! https://www.infowars.com/the-truth-about-sen-corkers-resignation/ … He partnered with Obama to kill the GSE's 4 TBTF in exchange for funding source 4 AHCA
That's why he stepping back and striking out. Jig is up, he feels http://cornered.love  it
Bob Corker: "It's a shame the White House has become an adult day care center. Someone obviously missed their shift this morning.”
Liar
You lie!
Baby Huey's feelings have been hurt. "Corker wanted to come to my birthday party, but I said NO WAY!"
Bless him for the Iran deal, Bob Corker knows more about foreign policy than you could learn in 20 years. Please resign.
Eveything that is broke is someone else's fault look in the mirror
#FakeNews #FakePresident #DotardTrump
Grow up Donny! Sen. Corker has brains, integrity n cojones , you do  not!
I'm not. Rep,  but know he is a man of honor, not a joke like you!
You are nothing but a shit stain in America’s history
Well, I mean let's take a look @ all ur GREAT accomplishments that he missed out on=NONE. I know the #Truth hurts, therefore ur a bully. SAD
#NeverTrustUSA
It’s too bad so many reply tweets are so shallow and hateful.  Sorry, President Trump, for such ignorance.  I still believe in you.  Unfortunately, they are creating bad karma for themselves.
Liar, Liar.....

@ThisIsItYeSee
Said the guy responsible for such a meme.
It's amazing how Republicans who don't have to worry about their political future are quick to criticize you.
Corker is right. You're an infantile danger to the world. Mattis and Kelly are likely the only things keeping us from dying (more)
This would be funny - if wasn't a real Trump created crisis.

#TrumpResign #Impeach45
Trump doesn't care about a 2018 Senate race

Trump *does* care about - RUSSIA - demanded Corker stop Russia Sanctions
#TrumpRussia
Trump now refusing to implement the Russia Sanctions LAW

violating the Oath of Office - failure to faithfully execute the law
#Impeach45

It is amazing (in a horrifying way) that anyone believes him.
That’s the worst part of all this. He is so unqualified to represent anyone.
What makes you think anyone believes a word you say?? Everything about you is like a Circus. Every day more & more people catch on. RESIGN!!
#TrumpIsAFuckingMoron
#Trumplethinskin
Blame  Blame Blame, blah. Blah blah
FAKE PRESIDENT and his FAKE NEWS!
Corker needs to run for President.
THAT IS BS TRUMP AND YOU KNOW IT WITH ALL YOUR LIES!!!!
Trumpie we know you just can't help yourself. You know this isn't true. #trumptwitterlies
You didn't endorse him because he keeps it real with you and god forbid someone says something you don't agree with
Which Iran deal is that idiot
lifelong politicians enjoy privileged lives getting nothing done 4 reg folks...my life of 57yrs was spent in struggle & they could care less
Hahahaha Hahahaha Hahahaha Hahahaha Hahahaha Hahahaha Hahahaha Hahahaha Hahahaha Hahahaha Hahahaha you are SO DELUSIONAL!!!

  on 
All B.S. Corker has the guts to stand up to u and say what your admin really is - an adult day care center - hilarious!
I m your fan sir. Morning
Drain the swamp #MAGA
#smallman
Nobody wants ur endorsement any more. If they do, they are as crazy as u r. Iran Deal not horrendous, keeps them contained. U suck at deals.
Nice lie, Trump. Go for it!
Don't believe you....
Wow, what away to bring the crazes together! And yes my brother is a crazy.
you are such a lair please stop been child,you are the kind of person  that will lie all the time
Dopey Donald, an incompetent and vindictive fool who’ll undermine our safety and well being until he leaves office!
I'm sure Rex would be happy to diatance his distinguished career from the failing WH and from a fake ass reality tv actor #MoronInChief
what are you even talking about?  You liked your own delusional rambling #delusional #disgracefulPresidenr
He's a Republican, so ... You are all about unity in the GOP. What gives? #LiarInChief
@tcar633 THE AMERICAN PEOPLE KNOW THIS CORKER DIDN'T GET HIS WAY BECAUSE HE IS WEAK SO HE HAS TO COME OUT & BE SHAMEFUL!!!
He should just STEAL the office like you did.  Im sure the Russians will assist.
Way too weird.
He's off his meds - watch out world!
A great decision Pres Trump...1 among do many great decisions...YOURE MAGA...
Keep on draining the Swamp!  Please continue to keep us in the Loop. This is all we have... FB and Twitter.  John Kelly too?
This is a great band, a great song, with lyrics that definitely apply to you.
Wrong
No part of this tweet is the truth.
