Would you be the first President to perhaps sign a bill to help families with Autistic members.The numbers have grown so much if nothing is done now when.they reach adulthood it will be too late and it already t bamkrupts families.3 million it costs a life start to finish autism
That would be a huge gift to help these parents out.
The many investigations into your crimes are just getting started!
Unless the release of the dossier or the @TGowdySC 4 page TS documents would cause “exceptionally grave damage” to our National Security? And it won’t.... because it’s not TS, it’s just classified TS for political reasons only...then declassify. #ReleaseTheMemo #Releasethedossier
I searched that quote expecting to debunk it but even godless snopes had it as 'undetermined'. Holy shit these ppl are believable!
**unbelievable lol.
That is so true
Didn't think he had in him.
I've come to believe you are willing to look like a complete idiot and try to move away from Russia because what they have on you is even WORSE than being the shittiest president in History.....
There was Russia collusion - Hillary Clinton hired Fusion GPS to get Christopher Steele to get Fake Russian Disinformation.. that the FBI knowing it was false used to weaponize and spy on Trump ..the FISA Memo proves Special Society knowingly fabricated Trump-Russia to stop Trump
I think Trump is that a good job best one in years
Pretty high-priced lesson there, @chuckschumer

He is trying to wash the crap of his Party off him. Probably in his political interests to do so.
Everything you say is just plain nuts!  We will send you out of the WH you should be gone already for lying every day to America you are a disgrace to all that is decent !
After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found, Chuck Schumer just stated that "Democrats should blame our...
Amen to that.
Democrats in the House should blame themselves for all the evil in the world today. They R Anti-Christian, Anti-God, Anti-Freedom Nazis.
Can we put this statement from chuck on the front page of every newspaper.  They r accep
Don't you dare think that that statement means you did not collude with Russia.

You are a crook and a liar !
There was Russia collusion - Hillary Clinton hired Fusion GPS to get Christopher Steele to get Fake Russian Disinformation.. that the FBI knowing it was false used to weaponize and spy on Trump ..the Fisa Memo proves Special Society knowingly fabricated Trump-Russia to stop Trump
Just saying, how long did you spend trying to disprove Obama's birth certificate? You're making yourself obvious. We're listening and LOL
I’d wait on the obama comment the trash is floating to the surface right now Barry sotoro is getting burned and trumps wiretap claim was true so becstill little democrat truth is coming out it don’t look good for Obama or Valerie Jarret
Seems like the republicans do all the crying on this thread
Awe you're so cute, I made you go all the way to the Internet.
@realDonaldTrump @MikePenceVP I pray for both of you & continually do so,that God will give you the wisdom to guide you.@POTUS
And that's "proof" in your poisonous silly world.
There is evidence. And we should blame ourselves. It's Americas fault we allowed you to bully & lie to our citizens.
Lock Them Up!
God I miss @BarackObama
we all blame ourselves for the #shitshow that is your presidency. #howareyourratings #veryverylow #lolnoonelikesyou
Frshut up
They are starting to come around, are they?


Lord help our president please, he forgot that he's president of the United States. @Hauwertsr @MarcanBrady . @CNN @CBS @ABC @FoxNews
Really? The absolutely hardest working president in US History; working for ALL people in the US?
So, after 1 yr - WHAT are YOU (& Admin) hiding/COVERING UP w selective memories & REFUSAL to be TRANSPARENT? This what's being investigated!
You are great at taking items out of context! Our perhaps you can't read with understanding?
It ain't over until Fat Man Trump is kicked out of the oval office door!!  Lock him up  Lock him up  Lock him up  Lock him up  Lock him up
The evidence is never ending. Even your own son provided it! But you're too much of a coward to address it here or in front of a camera.

Time Session investigate them. so many need to be held accountable. Session needs to show the justice dept works for the people
I have never been so SICK of all your lying ppl in my life. This is not what he said. CHANGE THE F. CKING CHANNEL
Mister President please keep pushing for an investigation into Hillary Clinton.
You're truly a pathetic person.
Did Chucky crawl out from under his rock long enough 2 call ppl names again? Amazing!

You're mis interpreting things and still trying to say it's not you. Yet everyday you're kicking a member of your team under the bus.
Donnie, Donnie, you have no idea do you?  You really think they are not compiling evidence???  LMAO
The next series of American Horror Story Confirmed The Administration of @realDonaldTrump
Russia is watching how our country is so divided now and how the Left is doing nothing for Gov and loving it. Left is making US WEAK! 'SAD'!

Donny, don't u need to get to work?
funny how u call the news "fake", yet u watch it at least 5 hours a day.
BTW SNL has great new material
Seems not fool
Just this week, you went from "#TrumpRussia is a hoax" to "Junior's interested in adoption" to "I have the full power to pardon" (Whew!!!!!)
"What is NEVER?" 

A US president NEVER needs a pardon if the allegations against him are fake news!
And the special counsel has power to indict, but we don't see them doing it.
Nope, it's Russia. Stop being delusional  old man! You and your family  r going down. Nice father u r getting your kids to be crooked like u
Mueller has your tax returns! Resign traitor!
Far from zero evidence.  Lot's of evidence you committed treason.
Dude, you are 71 years old. This is how delusional teenagers act. Avoid, avoid, avoid. You are at the center of a criminal investigation.
Hey Trump! Learn to read! TOTALLY out of context!!
Maybe your base is dumb enough to believe that.
But yet you're constantly going on and on about Hillary, who was investigated and they found nothing. Kind of hypocritical don't ya think.
to cover a felon is a crime kids just Do not try it at home 
 it's #fraud @WhiteHouse
#Article5 we need to make leader's 100% Accountable
Ludacris statement of "no evidence" The evidence is mounting daily against you and yours. Stand by or #resign. Jail or freedom? Your choice.
It hasn't been a year liar.  Remember Watergate took two years and what happened to Nixon. You're next.
trying so hard to cast doubt on investigation. @POTUS this is a ploy to deflect from his Guilt! @foxandfriends are enablers
You are going to prison.
How come every time Scaramucci says "Trump" it sounds like he's saying "Chump", is that his accent or is it on purpose?
Demo rats new way of filibustering....no laws r passed, no work gets done.
Too funny we just found out stuff on Jr that he has lied about for a year. Next? Jared
Russia is the only reason we have an uneducated toddler in our White House.
I have never seen a president with such thin skin. You must've cried to mommy and daddy about the slightest thing when you were small. Gahh
More like with zero evidence being made public.....why don't you just declassify everything russia and let the people decide?
zero evidence?? What about his emails?? (I mean Don Jr's)
What about Hillary emails-why is she not in Prison-answer that
You are completely misconstruing what he said. Fake news much?
No evidence? Jr. sure is culpable. Lies, lies, lies. Get a haircut appropriate for your military role. Rex has about had it Donnie.
finally something honest from crying Chuck. he's been one big walking/ talking fake news right there
Stop defending your Presidency @realDonaldTrump ! Drain the sewer and kick the commies to the curb or jail them ?
So you agree. Donald should resign, confess, go to jail, and take his swamp creatures with him!
Rose, you completed middle school. How nice for you.
This isn't about Mrs. Clinton. Donald colluded with Russia, obstructed justice, and led. He made very bad choices. Soon he'll pay.
Rose, are you expecting me to become upset? You have not provided a single fact to support Donald. It's okay to admit he is a loser.
Trump legitimately treats women as play things and this is what you focus on?
oh you wish there wasn't evidence.  
Quote the whole interview, not just the words that you want to make you look better.  Won't work..
It hasn't been a year yet. So how does his comment change your collusion with Putin? Please explain.
NO evidence is going to be released until the investigation is completed. That's common sense. I know you're sweating it. Guilty much?
Oh Donnie.. don't kid yourself. They have tons of evidence. They are just gathering it all together to ensure you go to prison for eternity.
I'd rather listen to Gottfried, Drescher, & Roseanne holding a press conference than the annoying triumvirate of Schumer, Pelosi, & Warren.
Watergate was a 3 year process. Don't worry, your time is coming.
Nah bro, they too busy trying to start WW3. Annihilation of the population of earth is more appealing than losing an election to them.
apples and oranges ya big dummy
Not blaming, and holding someone accountable are different things even my ten year old knows. Not surprised YOU don't, though.
See how and why senator Suan Collins promised to repeal
Liar - again.
If you think there's zero evidence, your bank accounts have less than zero money.
You need to understand that ongoing investigations means the investigation is not complete or done
Quit spreading more bullcrap. Mueller has enough evidence against you and your administration you will go quickly

@Rmlvk64
Apparently Chuckey does have a brain. 
And they should.  But "blame" (nor "fix") is in the RINO and dem vocabulary.  Easier to bleed taxpayers dry and lie.
Copious amounts of evidence, you know, the stuff you keep calling "leaks".
Chuck who??
Chuck is a nazi
How do you count it as a year? That might explain a lot, tho, your math skills match your honesty.
And you don't realize what that means?  Good grief.
For good measure, #CrookedDonnie:
#TrumpRussia
#PutinsPuppet
#IllegitimatePresident
#FollowTheMoney
#TrumpCrimeFamily
#RESIGN
#Resistance
idiotic statement from the most qualified
You don't know what evidence the FBI has not the special counsel. Just because no charges have been issued doesn't mean no evidence.
It's about time a democrat admitted this!! What they're doing is absolutely disgusting! ZERO evidence yet it continues & w/OUR tax $$ too!
Dementia?
Seems that he's quite sharp and quick!
A boy doing a man's job
Actually evidence of collusion treason espionage etc. Is quite substantial and building, easy to see Trump is freaking out
And all this at taxpayers expense!! They have no morals, no patriotism and no shame!
'S all right Nixons corruption investigation took 2 years! 
TICK TOCK
Of course.... it's time to distance themselves from the false narrative. Twist the lie into something else
They have the evidence it just they don't have the leaks that you do. You have leaks because of your un American activity
It's never the Democrats' fault when things don't go their way. Angry liberals always blame others for their incompetence.
Why is every one leaving you
  . 
Russia is happy they are mentioned daily I'm sure!   LOL  to dimms!!
I was pissed you won
Its so fun to laugh at you and all your bogus promises 
you'll go down as the president that tweeted&took vacations
@jeffsessions and now following POTUS around the word violating Logan Act...who pays for that
Yes, they have to share the blame when they lose to a pathetic loser who lies every time he opens his mouth.Trump
What else would you expect big mouth Chuck.
Wow a singular statement of truth spoken by him   Demorats  are such hypocrites and obstructionists .
If President Trump fires Attorney General Sessions m, he will lose the vast majority of his supporters!
I think they just need to sit down and have a heart to heart and try to get on the same page.
Is this why you are looking into your powers to pardon?
Liar
And you "sir" have been a lame duck president since inauguration day....and lame in every way before, during, and after Inauguration Day.

How does 6 months become over a year?  Stop lying.
Maybe Chuck is waking up to reality,
So we clear up the Awan Congressional deal? Start Transparency in your biz? ya see party divide means nothing TRUTH To Power does
Anyone remember how he was drafted into war but kept giving doctors notes about a sore tummy so he didn't go? He didn't fight at all
Twisting Schumer's words to fit your agenda--- sounds like #fakenews to me @realDonaldTrump . Or perhaps just an outright lie
2018 elections are coming fast so they will start acting like they're working but if anything sticks to the all they'll jump all over it.
Mueller investigating Trump finances and has found some very troubling problems for Trump. DJT was right to freak out!
Please treat Sessions with respect!  He's earned it and America is better for having a man with his integrity.
Lol

The investigative entities do not charge people or release any part of their investigation until the end. Your team has given them lots
1 year of investigation YOU KNOW THAT IS A LIE investigation into the trump crime family just starting
Ignore him. I can't get past his ugly mouth or what  comes out of it!
Trump will use the upcoming Senate recess to fire Sessions and appoint a sycophant (i.e. Giuliani)who will fire Mueller.
I blame the school system for pumping out people dumb enough to vote for u. It hasn't been a year for Mueller, by the way.
A democrat tells the truth for once!Shocking!
thats amazing.   maybe they realize nobody cares.  nobody even believes Russia had anything to do with it.  Seth Rich did & DNC killed him

As usual taken out of context by deflector in chief,
So...
Remind Americans the the current leadership of the Democratic Party wants to fundamentally change America meaning no more America
No, I believe he said HRC should stop blaming Russia and look at herself.  That's completely different.  Russia and Comey did her in, IMHO.
Plenty of evidence and you are misquoting(big surprise). He did not say that. As usual, twisting truth into fake news/alt facts=lies
Robert Mueller was appointed on May 17, 2017.  That was 69 days ago. There are 365 days in a year. Just wanted to help you out!
You need ur brain checked cuz that is NOT what ChuckieS said.
Go ahead. Name your recess appt. Get your new AG to fire Mueller. Our #Resistance will make protests in Poland look like kindergarten.
2/2
It took two years to impeach Nixon.  Point is, it's early.  Nice try though.
