The blue lights are nice - but autism "awareness" without inclusion and acceptance is really nothing at all. #autismawarenessday #diversity
@potus He's helping to raise awareness & criticism/attempts to sabotage will never negate progress - we all need support. Gr8fl.
The blue lights are an autism speaks campaign. The org that said parents of autistic children "aren't living". This helps nothing.
So tired of ungrateful ppl ripping apart our @potus 'every move while he tries to rise above the ignorance & (1/2)
What do I have to be "grateful" for? I live in the UK. If you want to live somewhere you can't criticise politicians, try North Korea.
I'll sabotage his attempts to destabilise Europe as much as I'm able, thank you very much~
Europe!=EU. Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia rely on NATO to protect them against Russia. Your president has threatened that.
Did anyone make Tmurp aware that vaccines don't cause autism?
I believe they do! FDA surely won't tell you! Wrote to
them about Ambien...got No response!
Beautiful!
Thank you @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #WorldAutisimAwarenessDay.
What!? You should be in Florida...at The Whiners Whitewashed House?
THANK YOU! We here are #TeamAJ #AutismAwareness  Everyday
Melania and I are honored to light up the @WhiteHouse this evening, for  #WorldAutismAwarenessDay. Join us &amp; #LIUB.…...
Shameful
nwhich is coming up I want to see a rainbow at the White House
District 5 another birthday present for you Donald they have a financial investigator working on the team
Thank God for the electoral college. The rest of the country doesn't need Cali style politics. Damn shame!
Does she see it from NY like Palin sees Russia from her window?
Thank You !
God bless you and Melanie, President Trump  #worldautismday2017  #HesMyPresident 
Don't lie. She's not there.
USA's favorite President of all Time, President TRUMP 
P.S. post a photo of @FLOTUS holding up today's newspaper, so we know she's really there..
#MAGA 
Thank you for your support of all the autism families.
With you in the WH, we should celebrate World Clowns Day, everyday.
So boring!
Barron Day!
Way to be original
goddam, you actually did something nice???
Pray for @realDonaldTrump #AmericaFirst
Why would a billionaire president need your prayers? Pray for his victims From dead innocent families to sexually assaulted women. #Resist
Thank you so much.   This means a lot.  In September can you please light up gold for pediatric cancer awareness?   The last term wouldn't.
واخبار السيسي يا يا معلم؟؟
By all means, turn on some blue lights while simultaneously trying to take away insurance for these individuals.  #abjectdisaster
In honor of your son Barron??!!
Take a lesson from this
What??  Lol!  Ya, Putin was really scared...Was Obama going to pull his hair or wait...I know, tell tell him there is a pink line he....Lol!
Well done mr.Trump
Melanoma is lowering herself to slum in DC?
One of your main errors is you speak when you should be silent. You are silent when you should speak. You hire toadies, so you lack advice.
I know the place is huge, but she's not there. #IDIOT
This is a near-perfect example of how correlation and causality are not the same thing! :D
Not exactly...
I had to read comments to see what the trolls have to say!  They'll always see a negative -we stand behind you!
Fail. It looks like a scene from a horror movie.
Wow, the First $tripper actually left NY for DC? In honor of her son?
Oh, she's there?
U wanna light blue and u don't give 2,fucks about ppl with disabilities. U wanna take healthcare away from them creep!!
We parents of autistic children need your help to stop biomedical diseases caused by vaccines.
Congrats to u & FL we pray 4 u Dailey 
somewhere right now, Suzanne Wright is smiling. Thank you.
Shes in new york  with all those young, strong secret service agents!!
This ONE you get credit for.
You're never there... she's definitely never there. Stop bullshitting America
This is not about #Wrestlemania youre fake new
Says the man who mocks people with disabilities. Shame!!!
Congratulations! That was what Decent people call "positive useful communication".
Thank you President Trump. Beautiful.
You? Honoring Autism Awareness Day? That's about as rich as your new self-proclaimed "Sexual Assault Awareness Month"
Wow. You actually convinced her to be near you in the White House for an evening! We tax-payers thank you.
Bet she bugged outta there as fast as she could.
That's nice, but maybe don't make fun of disabled journalists if you wish to retain a modicum of credibility.
Never happened. Fake news.
You sound like The Donald.
He wasn't making fun of him and there is proof.
You're kidding , right?
no way am I clicking on a website called Catholics4Trump - it's probably really bad spam

UPDATED
VINDICATION
#RussianHacking A LIE! PROOF IS HERE
SHARE NOW - RETWEET ALL - BREAK THE COVER…
Infowars BS?  Really?
If you don't understand the 3-4 technical analysis' please ask a very technical developer friend. This is not a joke. This is it. 100% SOLID
Like you care about other people?
Yeah, let a homeless woman stay in his hotel for 8 years with free meals every day. Definitely seems like he doesn't care about anyone.
You know that story isn't true, right? No one who worked there ever saw her when they were asked to verify...
Where'd u get that info, CNN? A few ppl say the good Trump does isn't true, so it cant be. However believe all the negative u hear w/o proof
Actually snopes has basically investigated Trumps claims of things like this and literally can't find verifiable proof.
Lol snopes? Even if it isn't true he still flew a sick child on his jet when airlines wouldnt. It's sad u lie &say he doesn't care about ppl
Bot.
You people always think that those who disagree with you are either Russians or bots.. or Russian bots. Typical.
As an MD,I am so thrilled 2 have a @POTUS who recognizes medical conditions that need serious gov attention. Next color:green, Lyme Disease
I showed signs way before I got the shots. Quit lying about this, vaccines save lives and they're the reason you don't have polio
In honor of Barron? Don’t be ashamed. It’s okay.
#CDC forced to reveal documents proving #Thimerosal #Vaccine preservative causes #Autism - http://NaturalNews.com 

I wonder how much it would cost for a double kink size bed, Putin fis the first ????
The regressive left, burdened by their blatant hypocrisy, searches for signs, no matter how infinitesimal, to find fault in your leadership.
It's easy. Too easy. The man is a liar. PROVEN. He makes it sooooo easy. His first 100 days have been a disaster
Go rewrite the song Barbie World to fit your Sheeple mindset in your Sheeple World. Leave all the thinking to someone else.
So since ur thinking so hard....explain 4 tweets all saying obama wiretapped me?
Thinking comes easier to some than others, btw.
We knew PRESIDENT TRUMP WAS RIGHT
Obama adm spied on Trump's campaign using REVERSE SURVEILLANCE

…
Is that before Melania goes back to her $30mill.p/m. New York apartment or is it a sleep over? Be hard for her to sleep with your 3am rant?.
too bad you are giving vaccines manufacturers billions while california is forcing it on toddlers against their will
Proud of you. Hang tough. .. do good!
lights don't change a thing when you cut social programs that include  autistic children.
Thank you. Mr. President and First Lady Mrs. Trump
Lock him up!! Down with Trump and Russia!
Autism is not an illness.  It is a difference.  You don't cure people for their differences.  You include them.
Philosophically ,yes. Scientifically, no. That's like saying you have a Lego stuck in your foot but don't want it out. Just saying.
You probably don't even know what the autism spectrum is.
Was the white house lit up ORANGE for Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Month in April or is that disease not important enough?
Melania isn't even there.
We thank you for supporting the BLUE! Two in this household!!
LIER
Who is Melania ?
Way better than the rainbow.
Your AWARENESS of this.issue makes your ACTIONS that much more heartless and reprehensible. Now, why not RED lighting for MEASLES awareness?
This is great. At some point in future have a Thin Blue Line Going Horizontally Across the Building Between the Windows As support for Law.
#SAVEMELANIA. How many showers does she take to get the orange crap off?
When you appoint Betsy DeVos for Edu Secretary who doesn't even know what IDEA is you hurt children with autism.
Melania is in NY and you're in FL. Glad there's staff there to do this for you.
Did Melanie light up the Tower in blue?  Furthmore, like you really care!
Jeezus!! That official portrait of your "wife"...i mean are you ppl capable of doing ANYTHING that isn't overtly garish and gauche!!
Proud to call you my President. 
Brainwashed.
What do you mean, "Melania?"  She doesn't live there. She hates you.
Best President ever
Dude you'll get carpal tunnel from all the tweets. Relax bud.
if you care about those with disabilities, why did you approve of Betsy DeVos?
From the guy that mocks people with disabilities.
pretty sure Melania had nothing to do with that decision... nor did you
Maybe if we used stem cell Autism would be a thing of the past really working for all kinds of Parkinsons MS and lou G disease
You can't cure blue eyes, just like you can't cure autism
Y'all are such Obama copycats!!
You didn't write this tweet President Bullsh*t.

Melania made it to Washington? Amazing
@POTUS @WhiteHouse Why didn't Obama do the blue when those police died in Dallas. Such POS! Purple when Prince died though!
@IvankaTrump how romantic - can't begin to imagine the hopes and dreams shattered because she is your daughter
Superb. Cheers don and melania
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
Ty for this..my youngest grandson is autistic* - And I think he may very well be the most beautiful child on earth.. autism is heartbreaking
That's great Don. So is she headed straight back to New York afterwards? Just asking!
Mr legate needs a hobby
You AND Melania? Thought she was in NYC. Bring her to White House & money you'd save can go to autism research.
Are you also honored to block people from healthcare as well as research
Your actually there for a change! Thank you for saving America some money this week. Back charge for trips to Fla giving u some guilt.
Lel
Brainwashed.
We are truly blessed to have a great President, a beautiful First Lady, First Family, and administration! You're all in our daily prayers
From a guy who believes vaccines cause autism.  totally passing dude
@POTUS @WhiteHouse If only YOU had autism awareness. Good job insulting the autism folks with your ignorance.
Do you even know what autism is? Russian puppet. Tiny hand man.
Free Melania
bbp
But don't worry, we will soon be funding anti-gay concentration camps.
Autism caused by immunizations? Pull the other one!
For barron?
Looks spooky just like your and missis soul
@POTUS @WhiteHouse HOW DOES THAT HELP THE MILLONS AFFECTED & THEIR FAMILIES??
Thank you so much, wish DiBlasio felt the same way, he cut funding in public schools all over city. But he's looking out for criminals
Vampire Barbie should suck the blood of Trump and go back to Transylvania.
Thank you Mr President @realDonaldTrump
Doing a great job President and Melania Trump.
At taxpayers expense of course.
If you cared about those who have Autism, you wouldn't be cutting ALL of the funding which goes to support them
You and "your (third) wife" don't even live in the White House together you angry ogre. At least you won't make it all 4 years
To stop Autism , you stop the poison vaccines , but you won't as new boss just the same as the old boss ,puppet of the Zionist banking cabal
Got polio?
Lol not to be a dick Don but don't B.S. us, Melania was 3K miles away - I want a trophy wife BUT i only make 55K yearly (gross) so u know
Looks beautiful
best president ever been in WhiteHouse !!
She doesn't even live there
Thanks
This guy preys on weak and disabled
for show!!/gain!! That's why you'll find him playing hanball against the CURB!
I'm sure this issue affects you very personally
The 1st president to light the WH blue is an anti-vaxxer unapologetically spreading hurtful misinformation about autism community. Tragic!
No stripping on the grounds
Rem berry when you made fun of the reporter hat was handicap?
Was Melania really at the White House? Or is that an alternative fact?
Thank you for honoring my son today Donald.
Did you mock them like you did the disabled reporter? #autismspeaks #donthecon
There is no honor here when you use the WH as office space and spend millions to golf and party in FL & your wife lives in NY. Dishonorable
At least Melania didn't have to light you up! Loser!!!!
#FreeMelania
Is that for Barron?  so nice his parents care
You found the light switches!
As well you should cuz you fit that category. #fuckingmoron
Thank you, Sir! Finally, lighting the Whitehouse up for something honorable!
for f@%ks sake, resign NOW
sure Melania is thrilled to be hanging out with you...lol
You finally found the light switch!  Bravo!  You should get a gold star!!
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
I find this amusing since you made fun of someone who had a disability
amazing 100k retweets. Save the children Pres Trump ; you can do it chemical in the vaccines they are bombs
Got polio?
I hate Donald trump
One of  the few times she was at the White House.  Marital problems??
Sick twisted perverted Curebie and eradication, broken puzzles and bleachers -NOT autistic acceptance - Light it up Gold and Âû is the way >
And your supreme court nominee held that autistic kids have no rights to quality education. Orange clown, please...
Mr.President you light up our world.
More like brainwash our world.
why is California becoming a sanctuary state, this is outrageous!!!
