Just watched our president and our beautiful,classy and gracious first lady Melania in France. I am so proud of our first family. WELL DONE!
And what about all the inappropriate behavior with the @EmmanuelMacron wife? You embarrassed America.
That's the pot calling the kettle black. Oops, can I say that? Is that racist? They are both black, right?
Please Don't undo Obama's student loan forgiveness program
No one likes you. Especially Macron
macron is great, but I HATE you Donald Rump
A total circus. As if I cracked open a door, peered inside, and the image of my parents ass-to-ass was forever seared on my retinas. </USA>

Enjoy from paris
I love him
Impeach Trump 2017
How many tictacs did you pop?
Just landed from Paris, France. It was an incredible visit with President @EmmanuelMacron. A lot discussed and accomplis...
Hi
Go Back!!! We don't want you here
Glad you enjoyed your little field trip.  Now you get to come home and yell at a tv again.  #oldmanissues #PutinPuppet
I bet you wish you were back in France, with all these truths about Jr. surfacing.
Like the environment??
How is it USELESS?  AMERICAN VOTERS SAID NO TO OPEN BORDER POLICY BY CROOKED OBAMA
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @FLOTUS @WhiteHouse @Stephenboyce WELCOME HOME PRESIDENT TRUMP!!! HAPPY YOU ARE BACK, GOD BLESS!!!
Hey, great! While you were gone, we've discovered every Russian except for Putin was in that meeting with your traitor son!  Cool, huh?
You can go back if you want tho
Did you learn anything about the revolutionary war?
Just be careful sir. Wolves hide in sheep clothing. But I know you know that already so continue on #MAGA
You misspelled "I embarrassed America. Again." Btw, nice handshake 
Also. In case you missed this.
@realDonaldTrump
OK perverted old man
Care to comment on the former Russian spy who was in Trump Tower meeting with your son, Jared and Manafort?
And if you joined the meeting in your bathrobe.
Are you going to tell us what was discussed and accomplished 
P.S - we don't appreciate the way you commented on the First Lady of France's appearance. Stop objectifying women and rating them
Who is this "we" you're referring to? My wife appreciates it when I comment on her appearance.
It's not about that. It's about the fact that he only cares about the appearance of a woman. It's degrading and dehumanizing
Jr.
FWIW, Trump didn't just land. He's been at his private golf club NJ for three hours already
President comes back from France and goes directly to his private golf club in New Jersey http://publicpool.kinja.com/subject-new-jersey-pool-report-2-arrival-at-bedmins-1796931375 … 
He's already had time to greet paying customers
RIGHT NOW: The president is providing an excellent once-in-a-lifetime experience for paying customers at a golf club he still profits from 
This is his twelfth visit to his NJ golf club (Bedminster) since taking office http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/donald-trump/how-much-time-trump-spending-trump-properties-n753366 …
But no, he boasted he wouldn't have time for such things...! That's an @BarackObama move golfing right @POTUS  is your fake @TIME cover up?
Go back and seek asylum in Russia
Congrats, you discussed Brigitte Macron's looks, and now President Macron thinks you're a perv... great accomplishments, well done
I am sorry to hear that you’ve returned. I was enjoying the relative quiet in the USA without you.
So proud of you Mr. President! Republic is so lucky to have you and your administration. #MAGA #DTS
Are you working on plans for our multi billion dollar mexican, solar powered partition, that US taxpayers are going to have to eat. Or golf?
THANK YOU FOR YOUR HARD WORK MR. TRUMP! WIN AFTER WIN!
FAILING CNN WILL HAVE TO ADMIT YOUR AMAZING ACCOMPLISHMENTS AT SOME POINT
Obama would have let Emmanuel control him if he met with him. Same with Crooked Hillary!
You stand up for America. The Democrats don't care. They are nothing but road blocks!
You need to stop smoking crack, it causes delusional thinking
Keep rolling! #maga
Now, do you know the proper way to shake hands with the French........
@POTUS What exactly was accomplished?  Can you articulate anything?

#Traitor #Liar #Resign

You should have stayed there. Much closer to Russia. Sad. True. #FakePresident #Traitor #PussyGrabber #SilverSpoon #Affluenza #Taker
Trump would've landed hours ago, but the flight was delayed because he wouldn't let go of Macron's hand.
3 Years, 6 Months, 5 Days, 18 Hours, 37 Minutes, and 1 Second
7 Years *
It happening, he will be re-elected!!!
I think he just needs to build the wall, and it will be without question
It would take 20 years to build it. But, it won't ever get started.
Maybe with illegal immagrant workers it would take 20.
Ha. You wish! Immigrant workers could build circles around lazy Americans any day. That's why Trump likes to hire them.
Im sure they could build plenty of circles around you without a problem
Guess what's waiting for YOU, 45... more secrets spilling like water!
It was a lovely ceremony
What about the Russia meeting? That's what everyone is talking about. Keep on shooting yourself on the foot, time after time...
KEEP MAKING AMERICA GREAT!
... By leaving.
Someones butthurt
That'll be all your boys in prison.
Oh is he gona be impeached for his totally real collusion with Russia #FNN 
Yes he will.
I keep reminding these Trumpsters it took 2 years to impeach Nixon for Watergate.

When will you get some real work done, like signing the death knell of poor people by repealing healthcare for your Wall Street buddies?
No one helped out Wall Street more than BHO,  who he owed for all those campaign contributions.
point (4) again...
Lol ..oh you're better than that doc! I'd never personally attack you,  but that's okay. I know you libs are still in shock N bitter. #MAGA
NO. We are actually in AMAZEMENT at how gullible and ignorant those who voted for him are. Most of YOU will lose your benefits also. DUH
Patrick keep telling ur self that,  guess whatever makes U sleep better a night. Again with the personal attacks. They don't work btw
Mine was not a person attack at all
This isn't CNN or MSNBC, this is @FoxNews telling America, you're a liar and there's much more to come. #TrumpRussia


Better get used to it. 7.5 years is a long time, might want to get a therapist.
He won't last a year.
Lol you have a lot of disappointment coming. I recommend therapy.

Wonderful words from a fellow patriot, Thank you Hail to the Chief. We appreciate your love of country & devotion to President Trump
TY :) We are in this TOGETHER! @AmericaFirst
Unreservedly, !00% TOGETHER  We Stand Behind President Trump
So proud of you. 
Really?

It did make you comment though
Currently dating an amazing man.  Life is good
#Mindyourmanners
That's awesome! Another awesome move was removing transgenders from the military. Budget should not be spent on ridiculous surgeries.
Please tell us what was accomplished
AMERICA FIRST!!
WE WILL MAKE GOOD DEALS FOR THE PEOPLE
#DonaldTrumo "WE WILL MAKE GOOD DEALS FOR THE PEOPLE"

"Mainly the rich people.
We've done it so much it's now some kind of reflex."
What did you get accomplished  you lied about your son. Your lawyers are cheating towns out of tax money
Did you start an earthquake again, as you landed?
Love it ! Only wish @GOP would work  2 Stop blocking the wonderful progress that could be made
He died because of the Chinese government. He influenced so many people across the world. As a country of freedom, 2/3
Thanks for clarifying. I might have thought you meant Paris, Texas, or perhaps Paris Hilton.  OMG, u r such a fking fool
Mr trump. I have watched you for years. And it is an honor yo have you as our President.

And you managed to be inappropriate and embarrass us again.
What did you accomplish other than making a big(ger) fool of yourself by creeping out the First Lady of France?
Any accomplishments are due to Russian collusion and interference. This tweet brought to you by the Putin collusion bureau
Didn't you sexually harass his wife while you were there?
it was hard to do , there is to much different but you made it posible its very clear.GOD bless you , and your flexilibility.
Get out of the White house you crook
You and the First Lady represented us in first class style as always you do us proud @FLOTUS
Bet his wife took an extra shower or two...
Now back to the collusion you said was fake news...

You have created a division of people in our country.
you let go first in the handshake off
welcome back, reminder you have 57% of disapproval ratings. Source: Rasmussen (it can't even make you look good anymore)
.@realDonaldTrump
Like what?
U came close to her puss_, but no hi note
Why does it take an exceptional leader like Trump to achieve the unexceptional? Shows what low standards we've accepted from prior leaders.
psst. He thinks you're a dick.
All good then.
You hit on his wife.
Never touch or talk to a woman like you did with Mrs. Macron again - So inappropriate and unprofessional!
Why are the disabled and people with pre-existing conditions going to suffer under the plan you want to sign off?
Go help out! https://www.gofundme.com/babys-acl-repair-surgery …
Only fools believe you.  Did not accomplished anything since nothing has been said. Lier, lier!
How many baby mamas went with you ?
And the First Lady of France still hasn't been able to wash your *ick* off her.....creepy.
tell him hr needs to shut down every mosque in France and ban Islam.  incompatible with civilisation and everyone knows it !
Including your insulting sexist mysognist remarks about his wife?  Yeah I am sure they were jumping for joy when u departed #LaughingatU!
Good. Now you can get back to work fixing  the mess here in the USA.
Like giving  use back our 2nd Amendment rights
Was hoping you'd stay over there
Congrats on a job well done

Especially demeaning Mrs Macrin. MrPresident Macron, we are sorry our so-called president is such a letch.
Like what donnie? You never give a  explanation... please elaborate.
Trump salutes the flag. Remember in th 2008 presidential campaign when Obama wouldn't even put his hand 2 his heart? He was a shameful CINC!
So, what is was the underline of that situation? Looks like his hand is over his heart here. But what u "believe" is much better for u
Yes, you almost got to grab another p***y. Thankfully she was strong enough to get away  from your grabby little hands.

You embarrassed us again, loser. Hey look JeffBot botting AGAIN
What about the US??
His wife is so hot ~ 2 day's discussions
What exactly did you accomplish? Apart from a free holiday?
Enlighten us. Name two things accomplished. And getting to go to a parade doesn't count as one of them.

Reminder: Mike Pence was the choice of Paul Manafort, who became Trump campaign manager about 10 days after Don Jr's mtg w/ Veselnitskaya. 
You commented on Mrs. Macron's physical appearance. You bumbling fool!
I feel like Macron is trolling you super hard. At least I hope he is.
THANK GOD YOU AND MELANIA ARE HOME. WE MISSED YOU. I LOVE YOU BOTH!!
Couldn’t find a golf course, Donald?
Go to Syria and Yemen and save these people!!!
Great job fine sir! Keep crushing on the fake news... and remember the lion doesn't listen to the bleating of the lambs ...!
#PutinBot
Like his wife's shape.
Treasonous Traitor Trump & Kids better be seeking asylum in a Foreign Country.  World Intel commo have tapes of you & Russian KremlinKlan.
i hope they know they have to do regular maintenance butt kissings for you to not change your mind after someone else puckers up
Like what? What did you accomplish exactly?
we should address this issue and take it seriously. America is great. We shouldn't let the Chinese government do such abominable things. 3/3
despite distractions,fake news & lies, you are marching to becoming America's greatest President in years
.@realDonaldTrump Were you able to take any more secret meetings with #Putin in Paris? Kislyak indicates you have had many secret meetings.
Just landed from Paris, France. It was an incredible visit with President @EmmanuelMacron. A lot discussed and accomplished in two days!
You accomplished nothing except embarrassing the American people with your inappropriate remark to Mme.Macron while pulling her arm. #shame
Why couldn't France just keep you Donny?
You're doing a wonderful job, Mr. President.  I loved Melania's dress.  She is so beautiful and poised.  Not like the last bimbo.
Thank you and God Bless
Please act to guarantee Social Security(SS).  The conniving lawmakers seem to be hell bent to declare SS a "benefit".  And then steal the $.
You never disappoint. Once again you embarrass our country on the world stage. You at least have that going for you.
I bet
And you got to ogle and hit on his wife! Success!
What no golf? Must really disrupt your rhythm
Please stay there.
With US support, France should wean itself from Brussels & Berlin, to save its ethos & identity @BillionIndian @MiraGhoshal @IdeologyBreaker
You're a sexual predator, you should be locked up. No one should have to put up with your sick behavior, least of all a Presidents wife
Why are you pushing something that is so harmful to so many?

Thank you for representing us with our dear friends the French. Without them, there would be no United States.
theFrenchPesident shouldnt have a Spanish name. It makes me sick.ToSeeHowFastTheyWouldEraseFrenchCulture.They should have a French name.
They should be a French person..
The reason emmanuals nose is big is because he's a Spanish liar who's poking his nose in French business.
Bet they are glad you are gone!
Cue James Taylor's "You Got a Friend." Except you, Mr. Drumpf, were played. Big time.
While you were gone, your crime family's lies were further exposed. I'm sure Tiffany can bake a cake with a file to bring to jail
Please stay the course! #MAGA
I doubt you accomplished a single thing. Unless you count embarrassing yourself and your county as accomplishments.
Get some sleep or rest, you deserve it.
Like a creepy, lecherous comment a predatory, sexist, mysogonist has ever made? Maybe next time, consider using some diplomacy and decorum.
Welcome back
Idiot, disgrace to America and a trader.
Accomplished? Like what?
