Yeah, sure
#ArtOfTheSteal #ImpeachTrumpNow
Hillary also opened up her financial history & tax returns to the government in a show of honesty & good faith. Still waiting on yours...
He also only gave his emails when he was caught red handed by @nytimes the only fake news is you and your Fox News lackeys
Why are you still obsessed with Hillary because she won the popular vote no one cares about that she is not president you boob
He lied about who was in the meeting... several times. Good thing there are leaks so we know the truth
Against lawyer’s advice, Trump crafted Don Jr’s statement on Veselnitskaya Akhmetshin #Magnitsky meeting 

No one gives a fuck
Unreal. The swamp is huuuuge. We are still here, Sir
.Sure he did. When the NYT said they had them and were going to release them. Duh.
*yawn* Still talking about the person who didn’t win & making excuses? You’re like a kid in back seat crying that your sister looked at you.
You guys, I tried to acid wash my emails and now I look like this. What should I do?

You won the election. She is not holding office of any kind. Please stop. You won - you did - you really won.
With Putin's help he won

I understand you are infatuated with Hillary, but she'll still never let you grab her by the p***y  let her go already.
You are the worst President in history!  Lies, fraud, theft, screwing people with multiple bankruptcies, backstabbing, RUSSIA, TREASON
PROUD of you President Trump and your family!!!
Prove it!  Prove HC deleted and acid washed emails & not the Russians who you LOVE far more than you do US.  You are a #Disaster #FAILING
@AntiAmnesty2016 Don Jr is an honest and great guy!
now is the time to have Hillary prosecuted she has a big mouth and does not know when to shut up!!!!!!!
Absolutely
American Voters saw your son Don Jr. was TRUTHFUL !
We also saw Hilry DESTROYED subpoenaed evidence !
When will @jeffsessions indict her ?!!
Great question. What are we waiting on?
Bafoon. Baffoon. Doesn't matter. He's a short fingered orange vulgarian.

"Apologies to sin Eric. We thought you were the dumb one." -Colbert
I guess Don Jr is that guy.
#UdayQusayTrump
Where those taxes at tho Donny
Unlike Bleach-Bit-Betty
Your son or anyone who had any contact with Russia  in the white house should be removed from there.
That's not as bad as your acid washed jeans from the 80's.
Thanks 
Dude stop w/the transparency bullshit. He released emails when NYT was about 2. Then lied 5 or so times about who was there & what was said

Brainwashing. That's all your tweets are. LIES from a LYING THUG
Your son only gave emails when he knew the MEDIA was going to release them. It's more smoke & mirrors from Trump admin.  #25thAmendmenthNOW

AG Sessions Recused - Rosenstein Installed - Comey Leaks - Spec Pros App/Conclusion/Collusion - Rosenstein/Comey/Muellar (Judas Iscariot) !!
Well? This is war bigger than your billions. This is sbout giving up gravy train and the poor won't have that! Poor are greedy too. Grow up.
Greed is not restricted to the rich. Extreme vetting needed for tax dollars,OUR money sir. Too easy. The Dems Say you're "mean". So What?
No pre rxisting coverage in perpituity. To be poor will be manipulated under boot of "de-growth" progressives. Study sir like never before!
Resign.
Patriots demand you keep your promise about putting Hillary Clinton in jail.  Less talk, more action!  Obama is next.  Justice matters!
We will prevail & #MAGA! Praying for our POTUS!
Life prison for criminal Killary now
This is a coup on the Trump administration.
Her acid washed emails should go back to court!!What a joke!!Did-they think we didnt notice Duh???Keep repeating this!!!
So true Donald...keep saying this!!
Your craven family and Administration was told to preserve all emails and documents. Just a wild guess, that didn't happen ...
Find all Americans who are serving prison terms for doing acts that were less or just as criminal as what Hillary did & release them all.
Acid washed emails?
Openly admitted collusion.
While your so. Refused to speak Under Oath or publicly as he promised. Like father Like sons #CrookedTrump
Really, "acid washed"? Are you sure you're not confusing that with what you've been doing to your hair? I mean, you're just being silly now.
I know mr president. It's ridiculous. Liberals are the worst losers in world history. When are we gonna lock them up for proven real crimes.
And said emails contained clear evidence of treason. Why do you even bring this up? Are you really this thick?
Work things out with Sessionm
Reporter : whatcha thinking about don jr? 
Don jr : oh nothin... just treason and stuff
You are obsessed with HRC because she got more votes than you. Pathetic. Get over it.
And crooked Trump keeps denying yet stuff keeps coming out about collusion. Matter of time before they get into your taxes....
He was forced to because NYT was going to release them. You need to quit talking about Hillary all the time. Makes you look coocoo.
Why does America not arrest Hillary? Why???
There has been NO collusion. Evil people with lies.
Donald Jr had no choice as the great NYT was about to publish the damaging emails showing intent to COLLUDE with RUSSIA.
Do you have a secret crush on her?
I'm sorry but can you focus on something that will ACTUALLY make a positive difference in the world instead of bringing up the past AGAIN?
In the spirit of your son, maybe you could be more open and hand over your tax returns. Prove you have nothing to hide.
Somebody is still upset they lost the pop vote and now 2/3 of the country thinks you're unfit to do your job.  Your distractions won't work.
Get. Over. It. For the love of god. Get over it.
Love our.President
 Go Mr. Trump. God Bless You
Because according 2 @DonaldJTrumpJr @jaredkushner that's only 2 weeks worth of emails. by now wouldn't wiki show? @CNN @FoxNews @seanhannity
you and your son are to blame period , your nothing but traitors and criminals . Not Hilary. #TraitorTrump #TraitorInChief
He did NOT! He only released because he knew  they were being released anyway!  Then he lied day after day abt the details.Still lying I bet
Handcuffs 4 Hillary 
if we dont start seeing prosecutions of Democrat crimes we will lose all faith in the rule of law, some already have.....
If I lived in that environment I'd delete my history to. I don't know why you voluntarily put yourself thru this. You might actually care .
So, you're saying that your son didn't share all relevant emails? He has 32,000+ more?
Grow up.
But it's okay for your new man to delete very publicly posted Tweets. Lol. You crazy.
LIBERALISM STUPID WILL NEVER STOP.!!!
"Acid washing" is for blue jeans.Your son felt pressured to release those emails.He VOLUNTARILY attended that meeting.
and Crooked @HillaryClinton also did this and @Cnn #CnnFakeNews got burned when fact checked --->

But Hillary...but Hillary...but...but...HILLARY. God, you're like the worst, most annoying kid brother ever. Shut up about Hillary.
"Tweedle dumbfuck openly committed treason, but you should totally pay attention to this other thing that's been exonerated twice"
your son @DonaldJTrumpJr openly flaunted the collusion between Russia, your compaign, your family.
In a closed room punk
#Collusion
Your family are trust worthy. Keep supporting Tesla and push employment In solar and Tesla motors fix Americas car manufacturing industry.
Have a feeling your son's emails are slightly more important than Hillary's (which the FBI deemed unimportant.) Who's under investigation? 
Shut up about Hilary. Be the president and do you damn job!
Seems like illegal campaign activity is nothing new to Lilly white Jared. He learned from the best, Daddy.  #TrumpRussiaCollusion #LockHimUp
y Clinton would be PRESIDENT but couldn't win against your Smear Campaign . She loos like an angel compared to your CRIME family
I'm pretty sure "acid washed" isn't actually a thing.
Wedding planning emails! Not relevant.  
Time to start prosecuting Hillary and co. for legitimate crimes. That'll settle things down a little.
Are you aware the election is over?
Shut up
Why do you keep talking about @HillaryClinton ? She is not in trouble. You and yours are the ones in trouble.
STILL NOT DISTRACTED
@DonaldJTrumpJr is Honest w/nothing to hide! Hillary is corrupt & has EVERYTHING to HIDE! The DNC & FAKE NEWS are Partners in Crime WITH HER
Order Jeff to prosecute
donald u prove that a person can be rich and still b white trash its not exclusive to the poor white person..SMDH
My son little hands Jr. openly gave himself to PUTIN, if U get what little hands CHUMP Means?
PUCKER UP BABY and NOT JUST YOUR LIPS little hands trump. I going to PUTIN it to you!
HAS RAS-PUTIN Putin it to you little hands trump? The
They say your 1st is always your love! Oh, GOD!
And he still continues to be harrsssed
Openly? After the media told him they had them?
Who cares? Why must you deflect everything back to Hillary or Obama? #growup
I just hope you have enough comfy cells ready in those fancy federal prisons for all the congresspersons (PC), media, artists.
He's a crook, just like you
Show us your taxes then
if Hillary confessed then sentenced to life it wouldn't change the predicament you and Don Jr find yourselves in so that's a tired argument
Is acid washing emails like acid washing jeans?  Or is it the bathtub acid washing like at Steve Bannon's house in Florida ?

You forgot to mention the content of your son's emails #ImpeachtrumpPence #InvestigateGops #InvestigateRyan #InvestigateMcConnell
It is part of witch hunt , propaganda created by sore losers - Dems n CNN
#MAGA with acid wash!
Hello Apples! Meet Orange! #Trump #MAGA
LOL @DonaldTrumpJr gave his emails when he knew the @NYTimes had them and would release shortly. No one is fooled. #LockDonJrUp #LockHimUp
When r u going to stop all this mess? U have your pen ready! Use it!
Lock her up!
Her sin does NOT negate junior's!! When will you learn that!! Morality for morality's sake is a GOOD THING!
Donald? The election is OVER!.....lol
- Hillary is not President. It's beginning to look like your not either.
Nope,  wrong again.  They were going  to be published the next day

You and your family are more crooked than Hillary could EVER hope to be! #NoComparison
Your son repeatedly denied contacts, reworked his story again & again releasing his emails only when @nytimes told him they had them #LIAR !
Tell AG to get back to his position; FIRE McCabe,Rosenstein & Mueller. Drain Swamp.BS case costing mils. tax$!How many MO people have 2 DIE?
#Obama's #SecretService DETAIL SAY #LyingCrookedHillary STUFFED ALL 33,000 IN AN OLD! GUESS WHO FOUND IT VACATIONING ON #WeThePeople's DIME
Get a life in Russia ! We're tired of hearing your whining!
Only after the NY Times was about to publish them and disprove his previous lies.
Are you still in campaign? Maybe you still don't know that you won and Mrs. Clinton is out of your way.
OMG ARE YOU STILL BLATHERING ON ABOUT HILLARY?!? YOU ARE THE POTUS(God help us) SHUT UP & ADMIT THIS ONE IS ALL ON YOUR ADMIN.
Hmmmm.....where did you get that information ....oh yeah it was Russia!
Wait, she did what?!?!!!!
Still Hillary, huh? 
The investigation into Hillary is over.  They're DONE!!!! She did'nt violate her oath as Secretary of State. She admitted mistakes, did YOU?
Its not about Hillary.
Still calling Hillary names, eh?  How very presidential and downright dignified of the POTUS....
Hillary is not the President, her actions have nothing to do with the issues of your so called presidency.  Get the hell over it
Your son has nothing to hide, unlike HRC.
Openly?! He only did it because the NYT was about to release them. Liar
why are you still bringing her up? is it cuz you know you stole her job from her?
Right after the "failing" NY TIMES said the we're going to publish them. Also Mooch is another goldman sachs swamp dweller.#filltheswamp.
Ya because someone leaked that the Times was going to print them first. Youre such a fkng #liarinchief #loserinchief #traitorinchief
Can't wait till he's in jail because of it. #criminals #dumpTrump #failingPresident
Lock her up then
Your son had no choice.  Get over the Hillary emails.   You and your family are ruining the. WORLD, for the rest of us - From:  Canada
Surely your DOJ is looking into the collision between #Lynch and President Clinton on the tarmac? As well as the emails.
Everytime you tweet your IQ drops. At this rate you will be at negative 160 by the end of 2017. #ImpeachTrumpNow
You're a fool
Well, no offense, your son is not to bright then is he. It's not about the Clintons anymore it's about you Mr Trump.
Hahaha the only reason why Don jr gave emails because he got caught lying with Russia meeting I guess it runs in the family lies after lies
Talking about transparancy, being a quality person you're how about you releasing your tax returns?  No?
GRAPHIC WARNING: https://youtu.be/Laon3_ob54A  #Truth
So what? YOU are (unfortunately),the @POTUS. Russia is a foreign power.  It's #treason. #ImpeachTrump
Dude that was days ago and the emails of your son show undeniable collusion.
Why the obsession regarding Hillary, Obama, etc?  What a pathetic excuse for a man. I pity Melania. I hope she can find freedom from this.
Hilary is not the Prez. you ARE!!
Yeah,  why didn't he do that immediately after the meeting though? If Hillary did commit treason, at least she did it right.
Still on Hilary? Lol. Clown.
A "YEAR" AFTER THE FACT..., BUT HE CONTINUED TO LIE ABOUT WHO WAS AT THE MEETING TO @seanhannity AFTER GIVING THE EMAILS UP BEFORE NYT DID.
Greedy, Crooked and traitor family with no moral compass, pathetic. May God put permanent  curse on your generations yet unborn.
Liar, he was forced to, on the event NY Times wanted to publish them. Your son-in-law  lied every step of the way in his security clearance
Your son is a confirmed traitor, and you and your enablers will be unmasked soon.
Fake news from a fake President and his fake family. You and your relatives  are sad excuses for humans let alone a Presidential family
I'm taking you down Donald Trump and your friend from Russia hacking into my system I'm going to be your worst nightmare
The Republican slime machine could never prove a thing Hillary did wrong. Also you are the one occupying the PEOPLES HOUSE not Hillary.
