Keep trying. #trumprussia #25thAmendmentNow #Trumpcare
That's because they
You constantly call out all MSM as Fake News,yet your only retweets are from Fox,you don't even hide that it truly is Trump&Friends
Why not work every day on something actually good for the American  people like true Universal health care system Stop making excuses
Agree with crews, get it done o
Cruz did you win presidency..you look so much like curly from the three stooges..
GOP has sold out USA to Russia!
Fix the ACA act. If the concern is for the welfare of the American people and not in reducing taxes for the wealthy, fix it, improve it.

That's a great one for CNN,MSNBC and main stream media
They really work hard to prove they are better.  Burn!!!  FOX IS THE NEWS MEDIA.
I'll use this every day!
That's right #45 and GOP should work tirelessly to drop 22 million from an insurance coverage.  Rolls eyes!!

Yes, important to destroy millions of Americans' lives before summer vacation.
Remember when you said Ted Cruz's dad helped assassinate Kennedy? Fake news fun times for you.
TRUMP CARE is failing bigly.
#Obamacare
Agreed Sir.. Keep them working till the job is completed. To include your nominees..
@realDonaldTrump they ate provably feeling the pressure, knowing soon, wash dc is going to be stuck doing nonstop impeachment
ack. Are probably, damn small keys
NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 

Trying to kill ACA is like stepping in shit.
When you’re finished tweeting about TV shows, perhaps you’d like to address the mounting evidence of Russian collusion against your son?
You obviously can't read.... Russian lawyer Lawyer connected to Democratic Party hmmm set up.!
hahahahaha, you guys really don't work, and the young Turks (the real ones) aren't your biggest fans.
You are the worst of the worst pray to your god that you never get sick or someone close
RT @foxandfriends: SEN. CRUZ: It's crazy to go an August recess without having Obamacare repealed. We should work every ...
Congress needs to work until they get rid of Obamacare it is way to expensive. I know because I pay more for our family now than before
No. It’s crazy that the @GOP would attempt to pass a bill that has a 17% approval rating that transfers billions from the poor to the rich.
And EVEN CRAZIER that they would do what @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump  @mike_pence & @BenSasse want & just repeal!! They would NEVER replace!..
They have had 7-8 years to come up with a better plan & the ONLY 'plans' they have are to screw the poor, kids, elderly, ill by ripping...
away their coverage so 400 richest can get huge tax cuts!!! Hey @tedcruz why didn't u have a town hall & listen to the people you are...
'SUPPOSED' to represent!!! #WeThePeople thank @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenCapito for actually CARING about their constituents!!!
@BillCassidy DOES NOT care what the good people in Louisiana, that he is supposed to represent, that made their wishes known, want! On....
top of that, he is also minimizing Russia investigation so apparently he's good with Russian interference!! He is also a doctor & knows...
the Republican 'plans' would DEVASTATE most of the people that he is supposed to be representing!! Just another party before country Senator
Why not just tweak Obamacare, the whole exercise ye fellas are at is whacked. Why not look at the Canadian Model of Healthcare.
This is lyin ted right tRump...?
@ferree_g Amen.
Some author out there should write a book of what Trump is quoted as saying (or doing) & what the truth reveals (or what he's done instead)
Better come out of the Beltway Bubble and talk to constituents.  You are writing policy for the rich, not the base.
Ted Cruz is the zodiac killer. Maybe you two should share a cell
Yea, on board with America! Where you can CHOOSE to suffer instead of having medical care FORCED on you. Yay.
I see the concept of insurance eludes you. Not burdened with much of an education are ya there EllieMae? 
There are a bunch of folks out there that don't get the idea of insurance. At all.
The WILLFULLY ignorant. Sigh.
Rupert promotes Trump, Trump promotes Rupert. Fox news is now semi-official state media.
Too much, I agree. But check out some of the others. They also seem like state run tv. From Iran or Syria
When will you get around to defending your son, a.k.a. "Fredo"?
After news broke today implicating Trump Campaign, Trump Jr issued statement to CNN. In other words when the Trumps need CNN its real news.

just taking a page from your playbook, always posting the same set of memes for every Trump tweet. I plan on showing you some of mine daily.
They had 6 years to come up with an alternative or even some fixes to the #ACA and couldnt do it. Millions shouldnt die as a result.
Obamacare repealed, along with govt hands inside the cookie jar... GIVE IT BACK
@freedomtex repeal. That's all being asked for.
@tedcruz u just don't get it...Majority of Americans do NOT want #ACA repealed..just admit u r willing & wanting to cause REAL HARM to...
Should be renamed to UCA "Unaffordable Care Act", enough said
The majority of people do not feel that way! @realDonaldTrump & @GOP are INTENTIONALLY SABOTAGING #ACA! They said so & insurance ...
companies said so!! Unless u make too much money, the subsidies pick up the increase! NOBODY..not @BarackObama not @TheDemocrats have ....
said that #ACA is perfect..it certainly is NOT!! However, anyone should understand that, for a # of reasons, fixing what is wrong with it...
is much smarter & much better than repealing it & starting over! One main reason is pre-existing conditions are covered! How u can look...
at the gravely ill, the severely disabled, kids with cancer & say 'too bad..we could fix it but don't want to' is beyond me!! That's cruel!!
Well your complaint is with the liberal leftists Dems who passed the bill, then did NOTHING to fix it they only had 7 years!!!
U don't think all ts #RepealAndReplace speak just a "red herring" 2 d voters politicians ALWAYS do I'll do ts/that & when they win? #nothing


I like this one!!
Fake News!
Oh, well, as long as it's just secret info...
Trump really doesn't venture outside of Fox News does he? That's a shame.
Because Fox tells the TRUTH!!
Oh, are you working through this weekend @realDonaldTrump ? 'Cause I was under the impression you were going to a golf course again.
I hope he does get time off!  Obama was the first President to start his day at 9:00 a.m.  Wonder why Movin' On Up Pres couldn't drag it in?
#fraud #methane #climatechange #science
Taxpayers pay Cruz' s full time wages/health care premiums. Working a third of the year, throw him out !
@tedcruz You have no b*lls. You are a Koch brothers puppet. I hope she still has you on the couch..wuss
These people take more vacations than any one has the right to and they want to raise their pay too.Unbelievable
U got that right.  When r the repubs going to openly support Trump regarding the coup attempt by dems and the media
You live on big walfare check, we start cuts from there Congress
"There will be no cuts to medicaire or medicaid"- Donald Trump.
LOL. Cruz is trying to co-opt "The Young Turks" @cenkuygur and friends may have an opinion on that. 
So is the vaca cancelled?
Cruz is the slimiest guy in the Senate.
If they go we don't want them back 
THIS is what I love about Ted Cruz -- he wants to REPEAL 0bamacare like NOW!  He is OK with the July vacation time. Yes, do it @TedCruz
@realDonaldTrump It's not crazy to take away healthcare from people who desperately need it. It's just immoral and unethical.
LEAVE OBAMACARE IN PLACE AND MAKE  SURE EVERYONE KNOWS THE DEMOCRATS WANR IT AS IS!
Except they don't. They have gone on record saying they want to fix it. It should be repair, not replace.
Proposal: If you take healthcare away from 23 million Americans, you must also give up your healthcare until those Americans have coverage.
You aren't paying any attention. What the GOP is proposing is people have a choice. Approximately Eighteen million of those people.
This is the entire point. choice.
Have you not seen what Obamacare premiums look like. How about the penalties for not having coverage? Who's your insurer?
You have to also vote yes. Nothing will be perfect, but there needs to be a change. This is why we elected  @POTUS
SENETOR CRUZ YOU DO WHATS RIGHT AND ON YOUR TIME NOT THE BOZO DONALDS TIME.
Ass kisser
Well Teddy bear then you need to go get all your cronies and bring them back to your hangout and get the job done!!!!
Congress should stay in DC until repeal, tax reform, and a reasonable budget is passed. Democrats do nothing .
Is that actually a video of LYING TED?  What's that about? If he's saying anything good about you, he's still LYING TED.
Crazy is the name of the game now Cruz...where have you been? DT in the house
Cruz is a universally despised menace and a threat to every citizen.
https://www.facebook.com/ThePissedOffAmerican/videos/509154206103814/ …
They did not think about it for seven years, no plan thought about until they had majority. No homework done for 7 years to make it better
Can't Cruz demand a recorded vote on recess?Congress lacks the guts to vote for recess after accomplishing 0
everybody wants to get to INBOX zero by the sounds of it ;-)
This is maddening!
@tedcruz don't the Reps have majority?
Whatever did you guys do when you were in minority?
Base frustration-do U notice?
Cowered down to the Democrats the same as the have since we gave them the Majorities & the Executive office.The GOP is the do nothing Party
Oh no... you have to work EVERY DAY. The horror, the horror! 
In the meantime, can you work on a bill that is less likely to kill me? kthx
Ahh, Trump RTing Ted Cruz is rich. This is the guy that accused Cruz's dad of helping to assassinate JFK
President Trump and Ted Cruz are not holding grudges. Can you do the same?

Elected officials who attended the #KochSummit They don't work for the ppl, for the president heck this guys has no cojones either.
Concession: have government block grants to states handle pre-existing/catastrophic. Market mechanisms handle everything else.

#MAGA
Why would anyone get anything from market when state provides a safety net? You can wait till its dire then have state pay for it. No bueno.
Depends on how much costs are driven down for non-catastrophic insurance. (for the same reasons people pay for dental insurance)
Maybe. But i dont believe its gov problem or place to pay hospital bills of its citizens. The gov has like 5 responsibilities.
I too think the government should be limited to protecting freedoms. BUT the political reality is the DEMS screaming PEOPLE WILL DIE
Let them scream, then make them pay for their own strep throat medications
Mitch McConnell needs to postpone recess until a great healthcare bill gets passed.
Are Ted Cruz, Sarah Palin & Sean Hannity siblings? They all have that stupid annoying voice that sounds like screechy chalk on board.
If the ACA fails, it's because Republicans killed it.
Congress should be working every business day in August. #timestudy
Really starting to appreciate Senator Cruz.
No it's not crazy just because you say it is. Your words aren't law. Independent thinking is what matters.  Make it healthCARE for the sick.
Is this the same guy who was basically AWOL while campaigning for president last year?
It's crazy to have a sitting senator that we know took 12 million of unreported campaign financing from a hedge fund, and yet here he is.
Like Bernie?
Like Cruz's plan. Don't let people switch around for 3 years. That solves many issues with it
one of the few times i agree with him
You're the crazy one.
You know they are just trying to get that repeal in place fast before you get impeached, right @POTUS? They aren't on your side. #Sad
@tedcruz they should work every day. It will never get done any way but they should do something for their pay
It's timeget it done  OR????
Hey look, it's Fox Fake News
REPEAL. DON'T REPLACE.

Great
I blame the Republakins for not fixing our health care.
I don't blame President Trump. I blame you to demacrats
Right!    Why should YOU care about the millions who would lose insurance?   You are a FAKE PRESIDENT
What did he receive for jumping on board?
#Seniors #Children #Medicaid #Women, #Menopause is a #PreexistingCondition. #NoLifetimeLimit #NoAnnualLimit
Please tell the American people why there is a major tax cut for insurance company presidents specifically written into the bill.
Wait, I've got it.  The healthcare details will be in the forthcoming tax bill.  Makes sense now, tax cuts in HC bill, HC in the tax bill.
Donald, why does he say, "we have a limited amount of time" to pass healthcare reform?! Until what?
Ok, @SenTedCruz, why do you say you have "a limited amount of time" to pass healthcare reform? Until what?
How about you just fix the ACA and stop screwing with out healthcare!!!
Why isn't Cruz Majority Leader. I this man. He loves America & the people.
No wonder people are shooting you fascists!
Yes I agree wholeheartedly.
No matter what they have to stick together and get it done!
Go away Cruz find a backbone and come back and protect our democracy
The repeal of the IPAB CANNOT BE DELAYED!!!!
Ted should be ashamed of himself. Remember don's pic of your wife?????!!
Wow free political ad for you.

We agree and waiting for the incompetent @GOP to put it in gear.
Hey Ted, this is not what to worry about right now!  How about the prez and first family selling the USA; make Americans lose heathcare is!!
I loving seeing all of the triggered libtards/demtards  react to tweets like these. #GOP #DonaldTrump GO RIGHT BECAUSE WE ARE RIGHT!
Nice!!! Yeah dont back down Mr President if we truly are going 2get affordable healthcare the free market NOT socialism is the way to go IMO
Ol' Lyin' Ted!!
@SenTedCruz we have a treasonous maniac in our WH, and you're moving along like 75% of the country isn't upset. DT must have dirt on you.
The
 new  health care  is so good all Senator's  and Rep's will join
who you talking to asshat? your team has the majority numbers. PUT UP or STF-UP!

Don't y'all need a shower after listening to Cruz? His manipulation and patronization is so thick, it clogs my pores.
#Criminals
Your wish came true.
They need too!!! The senate Republicans are cowards.
@tedcruz The idiot who led the charge to shut down the gov during Obama term.  Faux News at its best.
Maybe if the congress and senate had to pay for their own insurance then maybe the do nothing government would pass a decent health plan
Ted Cruz is already campaigning for president...

I agree about the healthcare.
Fox & Friends? Really? They never tell the truth at Fox noise. They always make up their alternative facts.
thank you for sharing your feelings with me.
@SenTedCruz It's crazy to cut $700B from healthcare to give to rich people. 22M want you to take a holiday now (and stay gone). #NoBCRA
NOT crazy if it leaves MILLIONS-esp.elderly&disabled- w/o AHC so YOU can give tax cuts to uber-rich and TRILLIONS to military!U R CRAZY!

#TaxationIsTheft

 
Pretty sure America is less concerned with "repeal" than they are with "fix the goddam thing!!"
Just do it. A full repeal of ACA then let the free market adjust and costs will come down. This so simple.
It's a Tax, repeal by exec order. Ins co's ready to enroll regardless of preconditions. Competition best, not monopolies
To use your own words leave my wife's, daughter's and grandson's healthcare  "the hell alone!"
Ted and Mc Connell know they have a narrow window.
http://www.cnn.com/interactive/2017/07/politics/donald-trump-jr-full-emails/ …
#fakenews #magaconcaca #MAGA
Don't want a repeal OR tax cuts for the 1%. You're SUPPOSED to be working for US, not only the rich.
I can see why no one in the Senate likes @SenTedCruz
Haha i guess you agree ! 
murderer
Have bipartisan committee put a bill together, more likely to pass
Russia?
What's crazy is trying to repeal Obamacare when all during the campaign, tRump promised to improve healthcare for ALL AMERICANS. SHAME.
And once again, seeing Turd Cruz speak makes me want to punch him in the throat.
I know Fox News is running low on anchors but I can't take Kat Timpf anymore. Whining no one lets her speak & then being condescending.
Can't believe that Kat Timpf has me changing channel 2 get away from her. Sorry about new show Eric but I'm done. Find another millennial
Maybe congress should take a recess after they have actually done something!
It's crazy that you're still in office
Crazy is pursuing a plan with only 17% approval. Crazier is defending an administration that makes a mockery of our Democracy.
What about locking up Hillary?
I'm agreement with @tedcruz about healthcare
You had 7 years of whining to find a value driven replacement instead of whining, HUMAN VALUES matter
# agreed!
*on August recess.
And you've already tried 50 times.
I am glad to see some recess canceled. As a taxpayer that was too long.
Fix the problem, otherwise, leave it alone or expand it.
Exactly right!!! Thank Sen. Cruz finally a voice of reason, Thank you!!!
Sen Cruz, what's crazy is to repeal Obamacare without any plan to replace and you know that. With your history,there never will be a replace
What a JOKE....Lol
#MedicareforAll is the way forward.
Kiss your party goodbye Mr. Russia!! It doesn't matter the us???? Are you out of your mind?  The WH should go to @HillaryClinton 
Sen. Ted Cruz, the biggest kiissup after obsequious Gov Christie, an even bigger kissuo in every sense of the word.
Of course, it's hotter in Texas in August than ind D.C..  But that's another story.
Your on the list, right after the Trump Gang is gone, Canadian Crook!
@tedcruz "It's crazy how badly those of us in the @GOP want to kill millions of Americans and get our tax break at the same time!!"......
time to realize that we the people must  unite and pass a health care bill which can be affordable  and be able to use it by those .
The real problem with health care are the insurance companies and there greed.
Workin hard to get those campaign donors their tax breaks. #AmericanOligarchy
Love all the verified retards. Keep attacking, morons.
