Dyed hair (doesn't naturally come in that color), eye makeup, a little dirt smeared on her face 4 good measure. 
I didn't think posting dead kids would be appropriate. I was posting a point • next time I'll go w real pics
Better or fake

What about the much larger women's march? Oh yeah you don't give a shit because they disagree with you.
@PRESENTPOTUS Abortion should not be used to eliminate life or used as a birth control method
Thank you so much Mr. President for supporting the unborn life.
A president who supports the rights of the unborn! Yay to defunding Abortions on demand i.e. 'Planned Parenthood'
@PRESENTPOTUS Life begins at conception

oh life is important to you? Unless it's the life of a Muslim or a woman. Gotcha.
there are girl babies yes? How many female babies have been murdered through abortion?
How many unwanted babies died because of a lack of federal care, or low income families unable to provide?
thank you. My point EXCTLY
The ignoramus had me blocked for saying what I said. #RoseColoredGlasses
You know that pro-lifers and abstinence-only education are a large part of why the need for abortion exists, right?
Actually, it's people who don't want children... nonetheless engaging in the human reproductive act.
Well you see that’s where you’re wrong. What if a women has been sexually assualted or has has accidentally gotten pregnant
Killing an innocent human being will not solve anything. It can only add something very dark and negative to any situation.
HYPOCRITE
Not the first to say this, but where are the #AllLivesMatter folks speaking up against @realDonaldTrump ?
It was great! Family oriented, calm, friendly & no one walking around with genitalia on their head screaming like a banshee
fyi 7 out of 10 Americans don't want Roe v Wade overturned.
You care about a fetus but once it's born you don't want it to have Healthcare  yeah that makes sense! #hypocrite
God will bless you for standing for life! Praying for you all @mike_pence
.@realDonaldTrump #MISOGYNY #HOOKERPISS
And it doesn't change Trump's misogyny does it? It's like saying her boobs are bigger than her boobs. They're still boobs! Your point is?
Says the lying hypocrite who was pro-choice until he realized that misogynist demagoguery plays to the fascist base.
Honor God; He'll honor us.
Can you explain why? @realDonaldTrump You've been pro-choice your whole life... what would you say made you change now?
Many of us have had a conversion of heart and mind. I am one also. I watched Trump's interviews on why he changed. Very cool!
#ProLife
Stick  to  your  manifestos and  don't  compromise  with  the  Democrats . God  is  your  strength .  In God  we trust.
#MarchForLife vs #MuslimBan.  Massive hypocrisy. But of course, everyone expects that from you now.

.@realDonaldTrump Presented without comment.
Stand up for the lives of children in war torn countries. They are starving, and bombs are going off around them. They are scared.
you support march for life yet you refuse to help immigrants who are just looking for help bc their country is at war,mkay
stay out of our bodies!!!! Quit making abortion a political agenda for religion. Leave religion out of politics
Do you even understand what pro-choice means? It mean people want government to stay out of it. #Impeach
4 fewer abortions, fund @PPact so contraceptives r available & affordable.  No brainer. Fed $ doesn't go 4 abortions anyway
#rightToChoose #womensrightsarehumanrights
you support PRO LIFE but yet you have destroyed HEALTH Care for millions of Americans hypocrite
everyone should go back to watching their sports and fake news.. sleep lil sheep
check# closely. The march for Life! Pro Life.
you have an interesting following @realDonaldTrump
Thanks for being a strong advocate for te unborn! God Bless You!
Meaningless Gas from President Gas Again. #PsychedelicFurs
God bless you, President Trump!!
interesting because before you needed Republican sheep to vote for you, you were "very pro-choice"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsOlXidHXRE …
if you're going to tell women they can't have abortions are you going to force the fathers to support them?#doublestandards
In This Country everyone can make their own choices. We do not get to tell other people what to do with their body.
ProLife until they are born? After that they are on their own for health care and education.
great job yesterday visiting family
@PRESENTPOTUS Thank You President Trump for your stand against Abortion
last week people marching were antidemocratic - you really can't string a consistent though process together can you Chump
, Let's focus on women's rights and overpopulation for the sake of humanity's longevity instead of adult fairy tale beliefs.
you should have been an abortion
You’re not stupid; you just have bad luck when thinking.
Someday you'll find yourself, and will you be disappointed.
@Jasmine_S13 one thing we can all agree on lol
Stop behaving like a child and be the president.
låt kvinnorna bestämma över sina egna kroppar för helvete
Yo mama so fat wen she jumped in the ocean the whales started singing We Are Family.
Stand up for the lives of those who have helped our soldiers, at risk of their own peril, in the countries that we have invaded.
Stand up for life of the poor babies who are suffering inside their mother's womb from painful, incurable conditions.
If you care about life so much Mr. President, and GOP, why don't you stand up for life? We could PREVENT unwanted pregnancies ya know...
please march to the nearest bin and get in it thanks
only unborn baby lives tho, right? Ones who are already born, its fuck them right?
A bunch of hypocrites @realDonaldTrump #marchforlife here's why: https://medium.com/@crh2/you-dont-march-for-life-321e1a0bb349#.fqgkb6dsl …
. @realDonaldTrump fuck you.
except for all those times when you didn't https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/04/03/donald-trumps-ever-shifting-positions-on-abortion/?utm_term=.35e44bb330a8 …
Not nearly as important as the #WomensMarch
planned parenthood as my full support !
For the first time in our living memory America promises to be a strong secular nation upholding Kinder Christians Values.
ill march on ur face
And yet all you could say about the throngs marching for women's rights was that you disagreed with them. SAD!
Just because you have an opinion, does not mean that your opinion is right or just - get over yourself Mr. President
Oh because they back you ~ this isn't about you it is about American's and THIS IS OUR COUNTRY not just yours!
if u truly felt all life was important u wouldn't have signed unconstitutional refugee ban on holocaust Remembrance Day
so glad you support pro-life marching, pro-life meaning pro life on this planet = anti-trump
Why don't you support the WORLDWIDE #WomensMarch -- because they oppose every fiber of your being? Ten times LARGER CROWDS!

how many prostitutes have you paid to screw used some form of birth control or morning after?
Where was the #MarchForLife and that spirit as you banned our own citizens from returning to the US?
right about now ur support is the kiss of death; who'd want it. No one decent. Well, maybe Putin. Yeah, he likes ur support
Because controlling women's bodies is so now
No one wants your support.
Maybe not you, but everyone else does 
You're ugly
No really, you're uglier...
No you are
@aburrow76 at no point can you move your agenda to understand that being pro choice doesn't mean your not pro life
Thanks for telling us this. Yes you can be pro-choice by "Choosing life." Millions have chosen abortion.
it's a horrible choice to choose abortion. But a moral not political choice. Not our Government's to make either but individual
Larry, I couldn't agree with you more. There are so many families looking to adopt as well.
thanks Amanda yes there are, you wouldn't refer someone to the Mayor on the subject but their Spiritual Advisor! God Bless 
Who wrote this for you?
The #MarchForLife is so important. To all of you marching --- you have my full support!...
Thank you Mr. President!! Thank God for your Pro-life outlook!!
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
So glad to have a President with the courage to say that.
Abortion and birth control are not synonymous. A fetus isn't alive until it has a heartbeat. Women's rights are human rights.
Liar, if they had your support you would have listened to them and couldn't (based on science) disagree
I support Donald J.Trump.He is doing best for his Country
they hate whoever  that's  not there blood  and  doesn't  practice  their  religion .  Gen. 16:11 down
Make America  great again .  The Muslims  are wild and  we're told by God to live among there own people .
One Nation  under God we must uphold . I  would  love to  visit  the  White  house  and  pray with  you .
good  morning  Mr. President .  I  am  a  gospel  preacher  in Nigeria  that has your  in my daily  prayers.
belly is his neighbor's
Especially Numbers.
Ordeal of Bitter Water.
Husband has absolute right to demand abortion
if the baby in wife's…
The "sanctity of life" for fetuses implies you claim your morals are superior to God's morals.
Read 1st 5 books.
…and steal civil rights away from people.

The pentateuch greatly supports the right to abortion.
The March For Life is a wrong-minded lying effort by a bunch of fake-Christians to controvert the law and…
I agree with all of the issues you talked about.  With the Grace of God America will be great again.
Saint John Paul Said the same in front of Bill Clinton. We can see how well our former presidents have  listened.
Thank you Donald for speaking out about how peace comes from the respect of the right to life. May God Bless you
the real deal1/2 of Maine loves ya

Let's repeal Roe vs Wade and send the issue back to the 50 states where it belongs. The Federal Gov't has no role in this.
that's #marchforlifeqld February 11th
please send a message of support for the March for Life in Brisbane Australia as we battle the same issues here
that's #marchforlifeqld February 11th
@POTUS please send a message of support for the March for Life in Brisbane Australia as we battle the same issues here
please do no cross the issues of pro life and trump Ban plans - One respects life but Trump degrades it.
just wanted support for our own March for Life
all 12 of them, I'm sure, are grateful #refugeesarepeopletoo
Why is it important?
Maybe start caring about these lives once they're born? You know like refugee programs, education, & social services...
You support babies, but not women.  Interesting...
pro-life unless they are children living in Syria when you call an airstrike, or extreme vetting, or want a wall
Why can we march for their lives but not feed them once they are born or provide medical care for them or their mothers?
I feel it would be appropriately appreciated if you would grab @mike_pence vagina before he speaks. #motivatedtouch
What is "things Trump doesn't say anymore"?
#TrumpInHaiku

Marchers have my praise
Only when they march for me. 
All others are fake.
the right to life is just as important for refugees..but let's just focus on unborn fetuses
They're important because their ignorant and easy to control! The uneducated that you can get to be your gestapo!
Since when?
you faker
:/ have your opinions man but <----pro-choice.
I do appreciate not deeming everyone idiots or evil or something because they don't agree with you, though. It's rare, now
and how many unwanted pregnancies have you created
does that mean you get that refugees haves life that matters
Resign you orange fraud
You are a weather vane.  You face toward who or what ever can "service" you.  Karma is a harsh mistress.
How can a man who made his girlfriend get an abortion be pro-life?
Thought you were everyones Prez?  You need to get a brain and work for everyone.
Sure! This is a March you will support! Sad.
: How about A March For Access to Housing, Healthcare, Education, and Living Wage Jobs, Working poor.
nob
THANK YOU. Now can you improve all of *our* lives and resign?
They're nothing but a bunch of hypocrites like you.
No thanks.
how many abortions have you paid for, boo? 
A good president understands it's representing the ppl & not their own ideals. U should support everyone's right to march.
what if one of your mistresses got pregnant?
So glad you support all Americans, not just the ones supporting you! Am I right?
Since when do you care?  You hate children.
doing a great job go for it
It is NONE of your business what a woman does with HER body! Stop funding men's Urological issues!
I don't see you trying to improve foster care or the adoption system
they don't need your support 
do you even have a clue what its all about
sarcasm is really really just unattractive on a 70 year old man
What about refugees lives, or maybe the baby after it comes out if it's poor huh? Hm... March for life or march for birth??
So proud that Donald Trump is our president!
ever since you became pro-life. Remember when you were a pro-choice Democrat? We do!
Thank you for your full support of the # Women's March!
Bull
you really need to learn how give full support to the entire country. Quit being so one sided
1999, you said you were pro-choice which seems fair. At least exempt pregnancies from rape or fetuses with severe defects.
welll thank god for your support dude!
Good 2 kno u wld MAKE fam membr,frnd, carry baby by a rapist, incest, derformed..
yup..,, march for life...,, cell life.., let's ignore the potentially fatal childbirths... let's march ..,,,
