Big Wins Indeed
Mr Pres. will you please tell the public how absolutely useless the Republican Party is. There all out to get you.
tell all of them to kiss our a---
Sealed it, and kill them all
Mr President, Isis are afraid of girls, Kurdish female fighters fighting them.! http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/isis-are-afraid-of-girls-kurdish-female-fighters-believe-they-have-an-unexpected-advantage-fighting-a6766776.html …
And yet he would ban them from coming in
Please keep them also out of Europe
Big wins against ISIS!...
Super sir
Without Trial, Without Truth, Without corps, like what America has done by the way about 9/11 and the Agent Oussama Benladen
Get them out of Deerbourne and NY testing camps and other in US,
Proof????? You talk a lot of BS.
You mean the terrorist group we created?
Just going to leave this right here...just like the job numbers, you get NO credit for THIS!
Obama created Isis, armed them and let them in to US
YOU HAVE DONE MORE WORK FIGHTING THEM IN 1 MONTH THAN OBAMA IN 6 YEARS!
Did you finally realize that they are a terrorist group and not a country you're colliding with?
Nice l am Pak
What? I heard you were planning a dinner party for them!
didnt you bomb syria for no reason?
Liberals hate this news because they are siding with ISIS.
Thank you, Mr. President! And thanks to the brave men & women of our military, who fight to protect us & to preserve our freedom! #MAGA
I thought they would be gone in 30 days??? Secret plan sounds just like Obama's plan. SAD!!!
No wins against Putin..these guys attacking the US are from former Soviet states, not the middle east.
You'll never win against ISIS you supply them weapons and money dummies.
Obama wanted to setup "Jobs Programs" for ISIS fighters. President Trump sets up MOAB programs for ISIS. That's the difference!
For the first time in a long time, we have a President that supports our military, and provides them with the authority to WIN
ISIS in on their heels, taking a massive loss in Mosul, and their total destruction is near
America's Secret Weapon: Letting our tough, smart military leadership have the scope to do what they need to do on the battlefield
Rules of engagement are still Obummers rules they need to take the cuffs off our troops...
Big wins against the trump crime family!
& big losses for your reputation, your administration & America's standing in the world. Winning!

#TreasonMatters #25thThe45th
make a big news
Iranians are the Real soldiers against ISIS.

Show us the body Donnie.
Big loss for us when you welcomed Russia to hack our election. We have eyes! We know what you did!
Preach lady lol
Congratulations Mr D.J.Trump.
We love u... 
God Blessings you!
Using @POTUS44 plan, earn something on your own once in your life!!!! Trump voters elected a draft dodger, good work 
Why no mention of the Big Win against The Trumps too?
It has already been eliminated per your 30 day plan. Why are you still talking about it? Or was the plan a miserable failure?
I'm so thankful that I'm not you. Someone raised you so so wrong
attack of the verified nobodies
Only someone who avoided war himself several times & has never felt the pain of loss as a result of terrorism would say that, you asshole.
You're not too bright are you

great!! now all you have to do is draft me into the army and we'll kick the goat fucking ass' left

Donny you & your family /friends R  more threat to USA than some made up boogie men who are designed to  divide the country.
KEKISTAN LOVES ITS @POTUS !!! 






Did you eat paste as a child?
@JeffTutorials Your caps lock is broken you attention seeking 15 year old.
Thanks to President Obama!!!
What?
Using Obama's plan. What ever happened to the magical plan you were going to get within 90 days? Oh, yeah - you just adopted Obama's
Trump is kicking the s**t out of ISIS, with their dirty nightshirts and curly toed shoes. Trump killed al-Baghdadi like a mad dog
Photo or it didn't happen.
You can't win at anything! Go away! #impeachmentmarch #resistmarch
https://youtu.be/HGg6WFqbNek 
???
So superb Sir jee
Careful...shutdown ISIScaliphate= where will they go&what will they do?! Threat against chaos/Iraq already promised.
Again, you had nothing to do with it.
Your plan to defeat ISIS is Obama's plan. Just worded different. Im sure you added a few 'tremendous' and 'believe me' in there.
Where? When? How?
U r so right.  Great job President Trump and all our brave servicemen in the military!!!
Booooooooooooooo
Great job Mr. President. Love from the Dominican Republic
I have notheard a darn thing about Isis. What wins?
LOL #fakepresident #fakenewsfromputinspenisholster
I guess you'll take credit for this ... even though the fight against ISIS was initiated by your predecessor!
If Hillary Clinton was president Isis would be thriving as we speak. The Democrats are the weakest when it comes to fighting terrorism !
GOD HAS bLESSED US WITH YOU SIR. WE ARE SOOOOOOO ON YOUR 6
#TrumpLies #TrumpCorrupt #TrumpColluded #TrumpGoldMedalStupid #TrumpObstructed #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpGuiltyOfTreason #TrumpVotersDolts
Nice one big man ! Was in the bookies all day yesterday and won nothing ffs 
Lol nice try
Your remark and some of your responses shows how little they know. The surge started under Obama in October before the election. Wake up
Justice prevailed & monsters came to the right end. .congrats

Way to go Mr. President.
Okey
#ThankYouObama
Thank you President Obama..
fear like he can take ur life any minute that the fear of God that God loves
i don't believe that he is dead.  I think it's false news.  Where's the body and proof?????


and to my enemy a ur done ur kingdom and ur finances frm ur buisness
Whos really behind these terrorist groups? Hiding, doing unspeakable acts annonomously! Who gave idea? Nicarauga? Who gives arms, intel etc
Yeah, thanks Obama
Omg agent orange is at it again flapping his gums!. Time for impeachment!.
SO MUCH WINNING!
ISIS is toast but the media & dems can only talk about Russia & Impeachment. 
#MAGA
and that disgusting glare face Mika and Joe were on Colbert last night and all 3 of them made me sick. Scarborough is a crappy singer
#Shia_Militias are the real face of ISIS, #USA & West claim to fight #ISIS meanwhile supporting Shia Militias
Shia Militias are the real face of ISIS, USA & West claim to fight ISIS meanwhile supporting Shia Militias the real murderers of Middle East 
Thanks Obama
New FBI DIR knows Putin warned US 6MOS OUT THEN AND about the bin laudin blkmail feinstine brought up- her days are over-thk God!
911 Boston BENGHAZI and nuclerizing NK and IRAN WHILE BOTH CLINTON WOLVES HELD POWER WERE THE GREATEST DAMAGE TO US KNOWN!
THESE PEOPLE WHO PROTECT CLINTONS ARE NOT WORTHY TO BE IN OUR GOV WHATSOEVER !!!
clintons and dems or others would rather pay off Iran & NK to get goodies than trust Russia in fight with terrorism. &risk lives!
Extremely devistating what CLINTON would do to our Nation ! It's time to MAGA & put wolf where they belong -out of US INFRASTUCTURE!
Russian doseere & set up in djr office & so many entanglements they undertook in meast interferring in others elections IS abominomial!
THE MERE FACT THE SC UPHELD BAN JUSTIFIED FIRINGS AND THAT COMEY COMMITTED MANY FELONIES HIS REMOVAL !!!
Yet swampy Leahy went to use sound bites to harm the wisest Prez we've had in 70 yrs - VERY WILLFULLY IGNORANT OR CORRUPT!
The illusionist??
Yeah but you had nothing to do with it, Now waddle off and try to find that golf ball that went into the sand trap
Your are not only a TRAITOR but a PERVERT
.nothing to do with U.S policy Twump! #ding
Awesome.
These are things about which you shouldn't be tweeting. Why don't you draw a map and spell out military plans, too?
Keep Bombing the shit out of them Mr President you're making us proud to be Americans again
Ya right isis is laughing at you.. aren't you embarrassed that putin made fun of you after the g summit. U think he is going to be loyal.
not u trump man the mayor

Big civilian casualties all for what ur countrys invasion of Iraq based on lies how many hav died now across the middle East  it's millions
Amen  "Shalom"
Obama's strategy paid off. Assist the locals in defeating ISIS. You are just trying to steal the credit, draft dodger.
Let's have a parade!
#TrumpLie
Keep delusioni g yourself with lies
Treason
Who u think they coming for next?!?
Thank you for fighting for us Americans who get the shitty end of stick!
What are those?
Give them hell!!!!!

True & in play and well underway with the leadership of our last actual president. BTW Remember to wash ur hands and flush b4 u leave.
Even with your bone spurs you did it
And absolutely NONE of it was due to you!
Not because of your lazy, golf playing leadership. IMPEACHMENT is on the way!!
You didn't win Jack A___
The coalition was put in place Under Obama and under him the coalition already started taking back many cities in Iraq.. dont even try Trump
Obama built them, another Obama legacy that you are removing. Your doing a fantastic job, proud to say I voted for you @realDonaldTrump
What took you so long Doll-hands? You claimed to come up with a plan to defeat ISIS within your first 30 days? #BullshitBurger
nothing to do with your lame ass.
Why do you mont to build a wall
Thank you!!!!
and they are delusional and need mental health check
Under cover isis agent Obama
How about against FARC!
how about ISIS- K in Afghanistan? They still commit inhumane crimes/killings against civilians in Afghan villages.
You need a reality check DT. Mosul is not ISIS free.
Russia's economy is one half the size of the economy of California yet you still enable a KGB dictator...WHY????
What in the world did Obama do for 8 years. Trump took Syria in 6 months!!
@realDonaldTrump Sir, I think you're going to have to call out the Republicans by Name that r obstructing OUR agenda
Jeff fag
May their 72 virgins bathe in pigs blood and crackling hot bacon grease for all eternity.

Where & When..??
Good going, Mr President
Thanks President Obama

thank the Iraqi army.
Now if u could put a stop to Sharia Law in the US..there are reports that some parts of Minnosta that are going by Sharia Law & NOT US laws
IMPEACHMENT!!! SLEEP TIGHT!!!
Thanks Obama!
I suppose you want credit for this?!  Your pathetic!
Is this 30 days? I remember you saying 30-day super secret squirrel plan. Is this 30? Is 173 days now 30 days?
Dude. Just stop.
Dreams dreams dreams
How pathetic that you have to try to toot your own horn. You have destroyed our standing in the world. You are laughed at, mocked & shunned.
No matter what, President, you will always be my hero like my PM Modi in India. Somewhere, somehow we Indians love you.
Great job, President Trump. Keep working hard for the American people. God bless.
Good to hear
Big wins for Russia!
Are you excited that your least favorite child will be in jail so you can neglect him some more
tiffany is going to jail?
Not because of you
and like current jobs numbers and the economy you had nothing to do with it.
The wins against ISIS are using Obama strategy which you left alone.
Deflection
No thanks to you.
When you realize the @USArmyEurope is now a German Army. Strong Europe? How about strong America? Notice No US tanks on their profile!#Trump
Can u against Kim Jong Un? 
@JeffTutorials you must be Trump with a secret page?
Sir in your words. CNN is Fake News. Calling a terrorist attack on Indian Pilgrims on Indian Soil as a 'Crossfire'.
and people that preach it ain't that kind of fear is wrong
Big news about RUSSIA! #ImpeachTrumpNow
Biggley !!
BREAKING: ISIS IS FUNDED BY U.S. ALLIES. WE KNOW EVERYTHING. WE ARE GOING 3RD PARTY. OKAY, BYE.
