Why do you fret about such things.........
Jeez, Ann. This is a lie. Why repeat it?
@AnnCoulter Jesus Christ get a life. I can't believe you dug through Trumps twitter to find an anti delta tweet you remembered.
Only 109 people out of 325,000 were detained and held for questioning. Big problems at airports were caused by Delta com...
er was een teller in de luchthaven zeker
Come on paul. Step up your game. W ed expect better.
Praying for you @realDonaldTrump #MadeInTheUSA
i’m praying!
The big problem was the ban of people from 7 countries...primarily Muslim. Even with Green Cards. And one man helped the US Government.
Congrats on your 500 tweet! https://favstar.fm/t/826041840839323649 …
The big problem was the ban of people from 7 countries...primarily Muslim. Even with Green Cards. And one man helped the US Government.
- Wouldn't trust you with a water pistol, let alone you as supplier of facts!
OK,OK,OK! Now this just looks bad. Nobody likes airlines, but blaming the computers is BS! Just come out , tell truth.
again, you are not informed about what really happened. Or you're lying. Sad.
Mr.Trump We support You

US embassy in London issues notice saying visa issuance and appointments are cancelled for UK dual nationals of 7 EO banned countries: 
Love you Trump.
How does it feel to be the most hated man in the World?
no
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR TWEETS, PLEASE KEEP THEM COMING. WE CAN'T TRUST ANYONE ELSE. GOD BLESS.
President  you can't  fix  stupid  people
I think more problems were caused by your racist Muslim ban. Just a hunch.
Muslim isn't a race.
It can be BOTH racist (anti-brown people) AND a Muslim ban. Not too complicated to figure that out, bud.
that paints with such a wide brush that it makes your argument very weak.
It's painted with a wide brush in the language of the EO. By design.
nice attempt at a misdirect.
Stop nit-picking. You got the point or you wouldn't be trying to discredit it. Don't Troll
I criticize poor arguments. That isn't trolling. That's debate.
Hand over your tax returns or hand back the keys to the White House. #LyingTrump
Thank you for doing what you said you would to protect our country! #MAGA
If Pres. Trump cured all disease and brought world peace today., protesters would find something wrong in it!!
No. Big problems at airports across the country were caused by YOU. Own up.
OMG!!!!! Fact check! YOU ARE A LIAR!!!!! #liarliarpantsonfire
send in the military and get the idiot protesters out of there
All the Liberal and Leftist luvvies including the 'false left wing celebrities' are looking stupid now. #QuebecShooting
you have no internal locus of control, in fact you have no control
I suppose the left will blame you for that to mr. President they are so ignorant
No. The glitch in the system is you. We are working on correcting it. #RepealAndReplaceTrump
Lots of protesters about that Delta computer snafu HAHAHAHAHA - Don't believe everything President Bannon tells you
keep up the good work Mr President . The snowflakes are melting in their own stupidity.
#FakePresident
All I see from the alt right is anger and bigotry. So sad. You will always be on the wrong side of history.
Here we go with the alternate facts again. Wise up, DT - you're  using the same playbook and we onto your tricks.
not so simple.  How many denied flight?  How many sent back?  Fed judges intervened.  GC holders impacted.
You seem to be confusing 'outage' and 'outrage'. The former is temporary.
I don't buy the delta thing, however, press made a big deal out of 109/325k. Confusion was caused due to not telegraph/move
Try again:
Now
Now that your President things will change..Thank you and God bless you. Our prayers are with you and America 
.@realDonaldTrump sure. Everyone was protesting Delta.
So is Steve bannon satisfied and happy with you for upholding his nazi ideology. are we done now mein fuhrer?
This was all just for theatrics kitten to assure your xenophobic voters that you kept a promise.and your bigoted as one.
#TrumpFraud #MAGA #TrumpTrain  #PUTINGATE #TrumpleThinSkin #TheResistance #TreasonousTrump #TrumpTrainCRASH
#TrumpFraud #MAGA #TrumpTrain  #PUTINGATE #TrumpleThinSkin #TheResistance #TreasonousTrump #TrumpTrainCRASH
#TrumpFraud #MAGA #TrumpTrain  #PUTINGATE #TrumpleThinSkin #TheResistance #TreasonousTrump #TrumpTrainCRASH
LOL
.@realDonaldTrump Stop deflecting.
.@realDonaldTrump I feel so much safer now.
why was that child not with his mother?
guess you've never seen unaccompanied minors then?
No... it's only @AnnCoulter that's acting like a little cry baby...
YOUR LIFE IS A BLAME GAME. BANKRUPT how many times??
I'm certain he's lost billions of dollars more than you will ever have. I hope you feel superior.
No one has a right to come to America, it is a privilege to be an American. They are twisting the truth.
once again you have the wrong facts  resign  I will help you move out
well at least you're finally have a job for the first time ever I assume you're a deadbeat because you're a leftist
that's all you got  ? Wow another trump sheeple .   Trump is conning  everyone wake up !!!
FYI, I was at work.

As I mentioned earlier, something you're unfamiliar with.
grow up lemming such a waste of air  you are  wake up and smell the con job
What a joke
maybe he's a joke but you guys couldn't keep them out of the White house.

I think you're the joke
Its especially important to hear from #magafuckers with 9 followers - those are the best kind of strangers
you can't really mess with his solid argument skills...  "no you are"
If you guys are a solid example of "The Rebellion" I'm not worried.
Don't worry, be happy
Oh goody. Jules is batting clean up for the lame team tonight. Go Jules. Give us some of your best bullshit.
Instead of pointing out how much you dislike an American company why aren't you trying to stop Emitates, Qatar from creating unfair trade?
Are you serious? ALL 109 passengers were on Delta?? And what does that have to do with immigration? @LOLGOP  @realDonaldTrump
People go through problems at the airport all of the time.
Again, I woke Evey morn feeling safe cas our people were doing their jobs well. Now? I have no faith in the stupid admin
this is a lie
Ahhh, make excuses great again, AMIRITE?
stupid score (1-10)....9
@POTUS. You obviously don't know the semantic difference between these accounts, retweeting carnage...so SAD!
great time to be alive
I am truly proud of our president Donald Trump. Don't know why all the democrats are upset
npr reported 790 detained.  Tell the truth.
@POTUS Thank you, thank you, thank you Mr. President for protecting your people! That is one of the reasons we 'hired' you.
. Pra mais deve cre mais
Slow down, get organized before issuing more executive orders.
Develop an action plan, then communicate and execute.
Liar - in - chief tells another whopper.  Well I guess your lies are the only whopper that you have.
@POTUS yep,blame it on computers, we know better
@POTUS Liar
& 100K visas & green cards.
= I know your getting alot of flak but just shut the doors. They will get fake papers, come in, over take every state. Plea
this is a total lie and u know it u fruit loop!!!
That # included legal American residents coming home because of your admin. inability to craft a good EO.  Sad
people from countries other than those on the list are being detained at LAX NOW. People from Vietnam, India, and Mexico

Your Boy!
Trump, Putin held second informal meeting at G-20

http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/342589-ian-bremmer-trump-and-putin-held-second-informal-meeting-during-g-20 … 
it's always an excuse . No one should have been detained.In case you didn't notice all the passenger's boarded legally
Big problem caused by tyrant violating the constitution
President Trump you are the decision maker, it seems you are in line with hard liners around you, be that decision maker
fact is. that was your Problem because you sick and don't know what you are doing.
How about you own up to what is obviously YOUR fault? It's time to grow up #manchild #notmypresident
FAKE NEWS only come from you & Conway.
Trying to pivot the story to Delta. Good try!
#WeLieDaily your a lier and you proved you are not to be trusted, you dirtied the White House & the Presidency SHAME WEAK.
WRONG!!
love it when you lie to me
your sich a liar!
@Delta I love how he's throwing you under the bus.
SHOULD HAVE BEEN MORE! Read quaran -- true muslims hate all who will not submit -- they want to destroy all infidels.
Denial and straight up lying.
ummmmm...... and Maybe the protestors might have delayed some folks as well.......
#quityercryin
Bullshit!
more people get stopped at Disney land
You're a lying liar.
keep the faith ,silent majority are courageous to help balance  return RESPECTpresident 1st nut bar judge  run for Congres
Quit using fake numbers - it was over 100,000 people!
try 100,000
Mr Trump please get it together right now you are coming off as a A H.
That happened Sunday, check your facts!
you are such a liar

Always someone else!  You will b called to account for the mayhem you are causing - you incite hatred to those open to it!
.0003%
OH. PLUS THE 100,000 VISAS U REVOKED. LIAR LIAR LIAR.
blame blame blame
unfortunately they don't care about the facts
5 mins a day tweeting back to Trump-time well spent. EVERYONE should do it. Lets lose this loser before we all LOSE. SAD!
Are you sure it's not Hillary or Obamas fault? Or fake news? Or alternative fact?
how many lives upended overseas after years of vetting. Is this what Bannon wanted? #StopPresidentBannon
LIAR! BULLY!
and YES there was an issue with the computers so THAT definitely was not his fault 
thanks #Bannon for fucking up this country #Trump
*leans into mic* WRONG!
that's a good one!
this is #fakenews #alternativefact
well you know these kind of people make more out of things then it is
More of your alternative facts. Interesting, its like you actually have no idea what your doing.
@Veteran4Trump 325K people coming into the US in a couple of days were from those 7 countries??? Wow!
you lie, you're fake news or desperate
Thank You for working on making America Great Again!  Thank You for working to keep my family and myself safe!
I'm sure the people killed in San Bernardino wished that guys wife was detained , questioned where were shumers tears then
not a fact.
nonsense.  Was pandemonium.  You are confusing the number with the people who attending your inauguration.
Dems are so close to falling off the cliff.  Next election people will be wise to their tricks no Dems in any office!
wrong!
Try 90,000, not 109! Take about fake news! When will you tell the truth? #notmypresident
Sean Spicer is awesome.. shut these media retards up and tell it as it is..  BRAVO...wake up media
We were protesting your executive order.  Wake up.
And I just wonder if that computer outage wasn't done by a liberal source.
You are a great president  keep up the good work looking after the United States
alternate fact fake President
Guess somebody is deleting critical comments here? No surprise, all in line with your unacceptable communication style.
another LIE
do you even have a passing acquaintance with the truth?
trump got bigger problems than worrying about coulter. Jail.
Your blaming your incompetence on Delta? WTF
now we have to pay taxes on our benefit Health insurance. Obama BS
ignore the mindless minions of the left. They haven't read the order, they oppose and insult. Nothing democratic about them
God your a very sad strange little man.
-Mr Trump-fire Bannon and Kellyanne. They are a bad influence on you. Hire me. I'll help you make the right decisions
bullshit
#expandtheban
When you leave your office after work, do you set the security alarm? Really? Why?Because you're protecting your borders.
I doubt that to be true.
If Some1 wants 2 C D ugliest face of Nationalism. Can C the face of @realDonaldTrump
ok so what are we going to do a out those 109?
FAKE NEWS. FAKE REPORTING. FAKE PRESIDENT.
what's the day of the stock market dropping 200 points today are you going to take credit for that
but no terrorist from those countries in the last 8 years thanks to Obama's adequate vetting. Violated Constit. for nothing
Why bother about what you write Mr Trump. It's empty words with zero insight.
exactly!!!
Always remember Matthew 25:40  what you do to the least of these you do to me ,you answer to God
Delta isn't having a good week. Ahhhh#MAGA
Nice try. I was warned about chaos at SFO HOURS before Delta's system flaked out. Stop with the lies and buffoonery, clown.
and now every single one of them is more thoroughly vetted than anyone in your cabinet.
thank you for truth
You've got to be kidding right! The dumb and naive masses that voted you in might believe this but the intelligent don't!
So if only 109 people were detained, your order is statistically useless.
delta sucks. Sure. But, I'm sure the computers aren't smart enough to just block muslims. Nice try.
My brother-in-law is a nationalized US citizen, both in Turkey.  Your policy will adversely affect him.
A blatant lie.  Your inexperience and that of your "administration" is showing.
#GaslightingAmerica again. We are not stupid. America is your boss now, so shape up or get out...oh, just get out
STOP ruining America!!! IMPEACH!!
those 109 were more inconvenienced than you were by mentioning the holocaust.
#alternativefacts 
