Why? You're just a sideshow distraction let these athletes play in peace.
#uswomensopen ur ok with a p#ssy grabber's support? not my kind of women
let your haters be your motivators! Their lives must really suck if that's all they do is hate.
they will be celebrating in the streets of New Jersey, not fake news, I saw it
Maybe you have time for a chat with your "old dear friend Jim" about your visit to France coming back ? "Fake-friend Jim "?
Just stay out of their locker rooms ok.

#TrumpTranslator 

Left Paris for USA. Will be heading to New Jersey and attending the #USWomensOpen for Women's Blood
that sounds like an  important thing to do mmm
Just stay in France. You aren't wanted here.
Nobody wants you there. Watch out ladies --you know what he likes to grab
I bet you're relieved that watching tennis doesn't require mental agility,
You've been working hard and have accomplished so much over the last few weeks. Enjoy the tennis--play some golf--you deserve a break sir!
It's golf, not tennis. And they wanted to move but tRUmp threatened to sue. That's what he does.
Shouldn't you be working on Don Jr and his bullshit and not watching golf?  You are all going to prison I think that's more important
All hands on deck Trump Supporters!!! Dems moving on #impeachment 
They have nothing.
Aaannnd, afterwards!
Do you ever work? Lazy old man.
Watch out women!  The creepster is coming.
@realDonaldTrump would love to be talking about healthcare but the Dems are forcing him to visit a golf event on a work day.
its almost Halloween
And golfing. Let's not forget golfing. Americans tearing each other apart..but by all means go golfing. Ur such a sht president. Ur a waste
Why couldn't you have stayed there. No on wants you here.
Why go there? Those women don't deserve your intrusion.  Would you even know about this tournament if it wasn't making money for you?
You and Jr. are both guilty.
Nothing to say about your son and son in law and you being caught lying again?
We'll give him a break when he resigns
I work with tourists and international students. I have family overseas. Trust me, my party's not the one they're laughing at.
No we are the laughingstock now.  We are no longer recognized as a world leader.  Nice huh?  Thank your Prez.  By the way, they lied AGAIN.
And then, let me guess.... golf on Sunday at one of your clubs?
The man's done more'n six months than Obama in 8 years
I hope it pours down rain all weekend !!
Great sir, doing always great
#nonworkingpresident
Turn around and go back !!
There will be a lot of pussy to grab there
#MAGA
grab some pussy while u r there
You'll find they, also, are in such good shape.
Please, please leave the women alone there. I'm sure they will handle your oafish perving, but I'm not sure I can.
I don't want to go back to jail I decided to good staying close to the Lord and help others if possible.
Ah ha.  U r playing golf.
Glad you have so much time to watch and play golf #MAGA
I hope the women are treated with respect
We aren't talking about Obama here...Who takes selfies during a funeral, Nelson Mandelas funeral no less....

What policy has DT implemented that hurts women exactly? This anti-women nonsense is a myth, to get uninformed single women to vote for Dems
First of all, that's not a bad thing. Second of all, more than half the country would be happy with doing that.
If only that were the only things they did...And not 75 percent of their business being abortions. My money shouldn't be going to abortions
Don't forget to compliment them on how in "good shape" they are.I would advise against shaking .@serenawilliams hand. Might pull yours off!
That would be awesome! She would kick his ass! (This is a golf tourney though)
Lol I know. I don't know and ripped female golfers who want to aggressively shake Trumps hand.
*any
Serena would definitely not take any shit from this asshat!
Do you unlock credits every time u give us a check-in? Enjoy the Lady Tennis! Brigitte kicked your ass at handshakes, BTW!
.... it's golf, not tennis.
Of course it is! My bad. What I meant was: Enjoy the Lady Golf at your Golf Course! #neverstopgolfing #golf4lyfe
Makes you wonder what else you've possibly been wrong about due to lack of information....
Makes ME wonder why it's so difficult for other people to acknowledge immediately when they're wrong and correct themselves.

What was I wrong about again? Oh yeah.
They DON'T WANT you there!
It's the LPGA players' biggest week - THEIR time for the limelight.
Let them have THEIR time in the sun, for a change!
Everyone knows your attending this LPGA tourney is just a lame attempt to whitewash your horrible stance on women
And the apparent 5th person in the room with @DonaldJTrumpJr and the Russian lawyer was...
As Deep Throat said: #FollowTheMoney 
Funny, I understand you only love Russia.
Probably whole Europe is delighted that you left . Not many like you according to real News .m
Please do not grab anybody in certain spots as this is a women's tournament
This Moron is making jettison of the Whitehouse. Would U.S ever recover from his domestic and international damages? Sad day in America.
Mr. Trump- what was the best book you've read this year?
Admiring their physiques, huh?
Guess you trying to bring some highlight to your golf course. Obama hit the road for Healthcare reform. But you tweeting. SMH
You should never use ""women's" and "open" in the same sentence. Keep your hands to yourself.
Who cares
Way to buckle down and get to work after a week away.
Welcome home from ParisTrump supporters continues on "Trump Train"count on us we've got ur back Make America Great Again
Scott, unfollow him.  It will make life less stressful for you.  I did it way back during the GOP primaries..
It is a good release for me ;)
What is taxpayer cost? @GOPSenFinance @SenateMajLdr @GOPoversight Don't you live in White House? UnAmerican
Using the office of the president to promote the Trump brand.
1,2 Russia coming for you 3,4 with stuff you getting lock up for 5,6 bro you ain't slick 7,8 orange the new orange has a date . Bye enjoy .
Their ?If you meant their,are you talking about New Jersey or women?
Who’s most important tournament?
It's at your golf course you should have divested from.

Really. Promoting your business from office. 25th even matter to you?
Stay Positive 
Stay Strong 
Fight when you need 
We have your back 
Just remember you have #TrumpTrain 
Fighting For U w/ U Work hard
The Trump Train, so much fun to ride, but it makes you sick.
Unfortunately for you, they do NOT want you there.  Apparently they have no respect for you.
Please don't asault any of the players.
Even though you know they don't want you there. Again w trying to physically dominant people. Ignoring their wishes. Sad.
did you not tweet that you would be "at your desk With a pen in hand"? Liar @POTUS
That's what I call being POTUS. Concentrating on the issues that affect the nation's security. A win at the open is a win against ISIS!!!
It's not a surprise that a weakend comes and you go play #golf... AS USUAL!

We pay for it!!!

All hail OUR #ApricotMessiah
#GolferInChief
The sick&elderly are dying because of inadequate healthcare so instead of fixing Obamacare or help pass Trumpcare ur off to the Tennis? 
And poor Jimmy Carter had to sell his PEANUT FARM to make sure there was no conflict of interest. #EmolumentsClause
Try to keep your tiny hands to yourself.
Have a great time!
Left Paris for U.S.A. Will be heading to New Jersey and attending the #USWomensOpen, their most important tournament, th...
So What !!
For some reason Twitter had put my tweets under your name when I'm responding to the lib remarks, but when look for therm - disappeared!?
Have a great time!!
Thank you, President Trump so grateful that you took on this job when you did not have to!! #MAGA Sir  God Bless You &America!!!
Golf, important?  Fun, relaxing, exciting, but important?
Love the open , love the president god bless jeffrey ray travis
Just RESIGN
don't forget to SMS when you get there so we know you've arrived safely..
Impeach Trump 2017
Shame on #USWomensOpen for not moving their tournament to another more appropriate venue
Visible presidential lines 

Why? You have absolutely nothing better to do than hype your own golf course? #joke
oh, you can stop by to see your buddy, Gov. Christy...he, too, only has a 15% approval rating, like you!
They don't want you there, you treat woman like objects. You bullied them to keep the tournament their. You are poison to everything u touch
Wow.  Security is being over worked!!!
We don't want you in New Jersey
Just bc it's at your course and you profit doesn't make it the most important tournament. Talk about #fakenews #USWomensOpen
Something you think your good at watching woman! Nothing going on inD.C. Right?what a embarrassment!
Stay out of the dressing room.
And another thing you talked about Obama taking all these vacations. But from day one how many times you played golf?
Great job over the last six months!

UGH. It's ALWAYS their most important tournament. Do you not even know this??
Me me me....its all abt 45, UR ego is the bigly-ist ever-deplorable! Poor #USWomensOpen have to put up with #LiarInChief visit. Stay in bed!
This is why we can't fly out of EWR?!?!?
WTF
Will Ms. Gulbis be sitting on your lap ?
When you're done there, forget Washington. Just go ahead and fly directly to Kansas, we've got a cell at Leavenworth with your name on it!
TrumP have some compassion "ThousandS" Will die because you took away their Insurance
#MAGA
Go to work!
You even mention US Women's Open more than you acknowledge your youngest child Barron
Are ya gonna walk in their locker room too or do you just reserve that when you leer at young girls?
Congratulations  to SNL and its record number of Emmy nominations! 
I hope you can relax and have a good time Mr
 President
stay out of my state and take fat beach boy with you. #russiagate #prison4trump #TreasonWeasels
You don't have more important things to do.  Your job is not weekends off.
Maybe you can throw the first ball out!
Are you sure your a president?  Because your always out entertaining yourself.
I hope you are shunned at the #USWomensOpen. You are dangerous to all women.
ASS
Enjoy and have a good weekend President Trump.
And American taxpayers are still footing the bill!!

Where's the jobs u promised???
The jobs are in China and Mexico.
So 10 hours work this weak has tired you out. Okay got it.
I certainly wished you never came back. The country feels so much better without you.
Oh god don't grab any pussies while you're there
Hahaha
He's going to his real job.
Please, don't come back.
On our tax dollar
Hey Donnie Trump try to refrain from sexist remarks this weekend. Know self control is hard for you, but try
Good 2 c ur working. Do u ever spend more than a few minutes #Presidenting*? This country is the laughingstock of the world bc of u, clown.
Paris to New Jersey ...seems very trump to me.
How about running the country?  Or are you too busy for that?
Been watching on #FoxSportsOne
Of course you will. I wouldn't expect anything more. Except spending some quality time with your forgotten youngest son. Remember him???
He's probably has Baron meeting with Russians operatives, who'd ever suspect right?
Wish I were going. Would love to see MY PRESIDENT AND FIRST LADY.
Just detour to Russia AND STAY THERE
OPSEC!!!
Thousands of Americans will die under your Health Care Bill - let's Aee your Tax Returns "Billy Boy"
Is Paris in France?
No, it's in Texas.
I'm sure you can offend the entire women's populace at the open. Just by making a complement. You've got that much charm.
Can't miss the opportunity for self promo, eh?
We the People Will overcome
Go TRUMP
Try to keep your hands to yourself, eh?
I was hoping one would  "accidentally" flash me.  You know me!  I am a dirty old man.
I don't care.
Just because it's at your club doesn't mean you are welcome there.
don't grab the women by their pussy. They can beat your lard ass. Upset that property tax on you golf club is realistic?
Please stay away.  Please stay away.  Please stay away.
Really the most important event this afternoon? Not the health care bill the senate gave up 2 weeks vacation for? SUN maybe lunch in Russia?
I am surprised you want to play golf considering Macron dislocated your shoulder with his manly handshake.
Love you
You do nothing do you...but play at being something.
Do you really need to go to the us women's open I doubt it's a necessity it's not the sexual predator open with you there it will be
Of course, PUTSO....time for more golf!!!!
Going to the beach?

GREAT JOB !!!!!

don't you have a job? it's not just one big paid vacation for you..get to work..or rather...get out!!
Who ask u da
You'll have a field day.  Look at all the women u can harass there.  Get ur little baby hands ready for grabbing
#Treason
I doubt they want you there. Is there a Russian meeting you there or something?
