Interesting Things
Trump fundraiser:

Trump insults US ally Qatar which hosts massive airbase
Impeachment March sign
Trump Putin meeting
Putin will offer to retire Assad?
Trump to lift sanctions
Trump's buddy Erdogan had thugs beat up protestors in the US!

Trump said nothing
Trump hasn't called the Wall Street Journal "fake news"

Trump taking Saudi cash
Trump "dancing" (badly - Sad!) with autocrat thugs

While undermining NATO
At home, Trump blocks Veterans for defending their health care
Love yaaa
#MakeThePlanetGreatAgain
Peace is coming to our world

#Trump

Love to grab you know what pos deplorable lol 
Lol no wonder tRUMP sob loves his poorly educated deplorable 
Resign.
Trump talks to Saudi Arabia through the orb.
Trump talked to 22 million patients about Trumpcare...for funeral planning.
Trump talked to the King about all the missiles he will deliver to Saudi from Lockheed Martin.
Know where else "interesting things are happening?" At Mueller's Justice League!

Creepy
Why don't you work on peace in your own country first. You know...less bodyslamming GIFs on the media.
Lololololololololololololololololol 36% approve your message
It must be really easy to debate when you're allowed to declare any rebuttal "fake news"
That's not how polling works.
How big of a check is he writing to Trump Org?
Looks like you just keep digging your hole deeper...
Keep providing that ammo to Mueller buddy!
Sorry Trump isn't a liar like Bill, Hillary, Obama where was your "impeach" them rants. Aside from Hillary of course. #selectiveoutrage
What exactly did Obama lie about or do so wrong? He'ss the only 8yr president without a national or personal scandal & practicing Christian
for goodness sake! Remember the dijon mustard scandal? Tan-suit-gate? Wife who dared to show her ARMS in public? Presidenting While Black?









You don't care about working with Saudi Arabia to secure peace in the Middle East. That's why you said they should "fight their own wars"
You demanded Saudi Arabia pay the US "an absolute fortune to protect them"

You don't care about peace. You only care about money
Saudi Arabia is a rich nation whereas we are $20 trillion in debt. Why should we protect them for pennies?
Never said we should stop protecting them, just that they should pay us to do so.
And it's a well known fact that the US is $20 trillion in debt.
Oh so we should destabilize a region and then charge them protection fees? There's a word for that: racketeering. It's also illegal.
Nato countries pay us to protect them. Why not the Saudis?
WRONG #25thAmendmentNow
Not even worthy of response. Probably some tRump staffer trying to make the boss feel better about being a failure.
*you're. Deplorable spelling!
Might be time to get your passport and travel the world a little Paul. Or do some research on Google. Yeah, try Google first.
They sure are! How many investigations are you under now? America can't wait until you're gone, let's make America great again. Deport trump
The real apprentice
What's amazing is after this weekend with your crazy(er) tweets, you act like nothing happened. Imagine if Obama said those things

is that the interesting thing happening with North Korea
you’re sitting on the shitter aren’t you?
Yep. He's definitely taking a Trump.
he’s so creative at this time of morning… must be his extra effort.
Taking the strain....
trying hard not to sound insane, in fear of #25thAmendment ....
PUNCHING THE CLOCK AND MAKING DEALS, MISTER PRESIDENT





DO YOUR DAMN JOB!
I love you but Saudi Arabia is a state sponsor of terrorism. The 9/11 hijackers were almost all Saudis.
We dont give a damn about Saudi Arabia. Let the Middle East crumble, it has always been a mess. Just close the damn borders to these savages
Dont waste your time solving the Middle East problems. Easier/cheaper solution is to stop giving so many visas and citizenships to savages.
Saudi Arabia is two faced. Get out of Syria. Leave Assad alone! Assad protects Christians, Saudi Arabia HATES Christians and Jews!
It is clear that you dont know much about saudi arabia.
Saudi government and nation is the most caring for human lives despite their religon
I didnt say anything about your religion. I am talking about your government.

Dont take it personal, our US gov is full of criminals too.
Our gov thru the CIA funds and trains terroritsts. So dont get so defensive!  

Admit your gov funds terrorism just like we do!
quit playing your stupid game:"something interesting","big things coming" just freaking say what's going on&quit playing Americans w/ur game
Something big is coming..Mueller's WMD to selectively eliminate Trump's reign of terror
It will be nice to breath again
i saw my dads penis
Ivanka, is that you?
Supper creepy!
Philippians 4:19
And my #God shall #supply all your #need according to His #riches in #glory by #ChristJesus.
DID YOU KNOW? 1 phone call = 1,000 voters. Call your Congressmen & say DESIGNATE MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD AS A TERRORIST ORGAN. 202-224-3121
#25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment
Don't forget to kiss their orb. #25thAmendmentNow
How about rugby? No helmets or pads. Or timeouts every five seconds.
Let me know when war is decided by which sport is the most physically demanding.
A sitting, so-called, unqualified president tweeting fascist gifs is certainly "interesting".
"Interesting things are happening" that in itself is such an unprofessional way to tweet something of this nature.
And scary, coming from him
And vague, like most of his pronouncements.
It's what you say when you actually know anything (or more likely just didn't understand the conversation)
Peace? You are delusional. Blowing up thousands of homes in Yemen, burying kids in rubble and you call that interesting? It's an abomination
Spoke to him about peace good then what did u agreed in the other side $105 billion to destroy #Yemen &killing it's people
#StopArmingSaudi

Trump will take the world to the hell

But of course. Money talks no matter what.

Mo' money, mo' problems! 
The idea that you & the king of Saudi - the main sponsors of terror - will bring peace is as preposterous as the idea of you being President
Interesting times indeed. A lobbyist of the world's biggest state sponsor of terrorism is accusing others of sponsoring terrorism.
Don't struggle. Everyone knows and admits that SA is the main financial and ideological sponsor of terrorism. However, you have the money...
Don't struggle too. Everyone knows that Iran is the main sponsor of all kind of terrorism around the world. but, they don't have the money.
Read why they and Americans supported Taliban in 80's, it was for Americans against Soviet Union,your biggest enemy that time,not for Saudis
This is the #Resistance
Watch the Sanders supporters during the last election. Liberals are violent, intolerant and more radical Socialist than given credit for.
Give us examples of Republicans rioting, blocking traffic, attacking the Clinton or Sanders crowd?
Like a joint WWE show? That would be super interestimg.
Did you mean interesting? #MAGA
Yes. I had a Covfefe moment.
you made fun of a handicapped guy
SUPER INTERESTING THINGS - Like how you're an embarrassment?
I'll gladly put up with poor choice tweets than have any Dem turn this Great United States into an apologetic breeding ground for extremists
Radicalisation, extremism & terrorism are not caused by immigration or ethnicity but by hate in community, bad foreign policy & other issues
Has there ever been a cringefest as bad as the alt right frog bros?
Nice to talk and sell weapons to terrorists 
"Interesting things are happening!" That's one way to put it, Mr. President. Can you provide some details?
#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmmendmentNow
Will peace in the Middle East come after all the winning in America? You're demented. Resign.

Well meme'd my verified lefty journo, would you consider putting a troll face at the end of your tweet just so everyone can identify

Any other over used memes you have saved there buddy
Send him Jared. For good.
I have body.
by interesting you mean genocide in Yemen right? just checking.
He's not even sure where the middle east is, as per that clip of him in Israel saying he'd just gotten back from there.
Are any of these interesting things good for the country, or just for your family wallet?
Took the words right out of my mouth
Sarcasm is being detected 
yeah ... he cancelled #G20 in Hamburg ... was that your doings ?! 
Why don't you ask Merkel that?
because she didn't speak to the king of saudi arabia causing him to cancel #G20 - simple as that darling 
Is conversation with a Saudi Arabian king broadcast on a television? President Donald Trump answer, please!
Is it to shake the world?
PEACE IN THE MIDDLE-EAST

INTERESTING THINGS ARE
HAPPENING!

#PDJT
#KingOfSaudiArabia
There is PEACE being made by STRENGTH. President Trump let Generals be Generals again and he didn't put any restrictions on the troops like Muslim Brotherhood Obama did.
yes Don, isn't it about time you congratulated @TrentBridge on their cup win though?

Big Mike really needs to not wear dresses
#FakePresident
المملكة العربية السعودية تسعى بكل ماتملك من قوة وحكمة للقضاء على الارهاب ومموليه، وتأمل من قادة العالم ان يقوموا بواجبهم تجاه هذه القضايا
Yes, interesting things are happening. YOU are being heavily Investigated. #TrumpRussiaInvestigation .#TrumpRussiaCollusion .#TheResistance
Peace in the world? Seriously why don't  you start by creating peace in America, look what you have done.
#LoveTrumpsHate
It's disappearing
How's that orb thing going? Does it work as well as tea leaves? #25thAmendmentNow

I suggest you listen to @BowenBBC expert series on the Middle East before you attempt to meddle further. Educate yourself before you speak.
Beautifully put @jenniebond1....he won't listen obviously, but as we already know his brain and mouth are seldom at the table together
I don't want interesting things to happen! I want solid, well thought out peace agreements where you stop tweeting and start listening
when do we attack?
If you were a real Christian, you would know that until Jesus comes to set up his kingdom, the only "peace" in the Middle East, will be.....
brought by the anti-christ. You never seemed to get past "an eye for an eye" .. you vindictive little beast
At the very least, explain to us why a man who claims to be a Christian is on the golf course every Sunday
You can't even bring peace in America. The most divisive I've ever seen it. You've trashed every group of Americans there is...
Perhaps you don't know the golden rule, or what God meant when he said "Whatoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap"...
Why don't you resign...or at the very least, stop whining like a 12 yr old girl & act like a man for a change
Interesting yes like how Obama is still meeting with foreign leaders and undermining you? #LoganAct
Waters is one nasty, vile person. Sessions needs to look into her dealings.
Did he ask about why #25thAmendmentNow is trending so hard? I bet he did, huh? #25AmendmentNow is on so many minds now. I wonder why?
@politicaldittys good to get that off your war chest .....
Am i being dumb, i keep reading this with the trump comment, and i don't think i get the joke totally???
well no it's like he's talking peace while you know who is #bombing #Yemen hence war chest ?
With extremism but it's gonna take time, i feel he has the balls to tell them straight where obama couldn't even say ISIS!
good points time will tell watch outcome of meeting with #Putin next week #NorthKorea is the wild card
After ISIS of course.
#isis is a western construct but it may be out of control
At least a president now that can actually say isis not isil or so called isis,he calls them losers, i have more faith in trump then anyone

Donald, talk to me about peace in the Middle-East, not the corrupt and ignorant dictators. You will learn tons of interesting things.
What kinds of interesting things ? @SportsAngle
This dude is a WWE Hall of Famer.
Right just want to know those 'interesting' things ?  Hair vs hair match with Vince ?
If you know your bible and you don't see anything wrong w/ this guy; you REALLY don't KNOW your bible!!!
it depends for whom...
Every time you say "there's going to be a big surprise" or "interesting things are happening" it sounds super sketch. Just sayin
Such as Saudi Arabia's invasion of Qatar!
@AAQE96 @m__alaradi bas
اكلنا البراز
علي علي يمديك تدافع عنا بعضلاتك
The Greatest President.  We are all so lucky.  He inherited a mess but he is going to do his damnedest  to fix it
The sheer volume of accomplishments to date is mind boggling. As one who spends time on gov't websites, I see YUUUGE differences in the regs
More like the lack of accomplishments
You don't have to like the guy. That's cool and what's gr8 abt our system. But the numbers don't like. Market, immigration, jobs, 401k's
omg you are a pathetic child & moron! This is not a tv reality show! Omg please resign!

Word
Is that the guy that financed the 9/11 hijackers?
Careful that #SaudiArabia doesn't support another 9/11 behind your back. Or did you forget this?
You are speaking with the wrong guy, man!
Trump, don't lie. Stop bombing the citizens of the Middle East & stop arming  Saudi & apartheid Israel. YOU are killing citizens & families!
THank you Mr. President! Looking forward to hearing about their success in shutting down ISIS!
Great
I personally love and respect the leadership in Saudi Arabia and welcome their advice always. 
Agreed!
WHAT IN TWO WEEKS WILL WE HEAR ABOUT IT!!!! 
We'll hear about it as soon as Trump finds those pesky little tapes he never had
Any discussion of your businesses in #SaudiArabia?
Will #SaudiArabia continue to lobby for their best interest?
U registered 8 companies tied to hotel interests in #SaudiArabia in the midst of your Saudi-bashing presidential campaign. 
2/17/2016, U to #FoxAndFriends: “Who blew up the World Trade Center?” It wasn’t the Iraqis, it was Saudi ..." Yet not on #TravelBan.  WHY?
Oh yay. You spoke with a hereditary potentate of an extremist theocracy that sponsors terrorism about peace in the ME. Bet that went well.
Of course it did because you're both bigots who inherited their fortunes gained from exploiting people,so that common ground built trust!
Also said that Barry looks stupid wearing a kufi. Said we don't need no stinkin' kufi.
Ha Ha Ha !
If the CNN folks are concerned about a JOURNALIST being harmed, they are all safe.
What is this bullshit?
"Interesting" is how my students describe the textbook reading when they didn't do it.
It would be the first time ever! I don't like the teaching of hatred of Jews and Christians! Peace will not happen Until the hate is stopped
must be nice to finally talk to someone who hates women as much as you
Did he laugh at you BLOTUS, like all the other world leaders?

#npr #cnn #wsj #HuffPostPol #nyt #WaPo #AP_Politics #foxnews #BBCnews #msnbc
#25thAmendmentNow
Speaking of the Middle East, perhaps you should ask @HobbyLobby where the money went:
Hobby Lobby to pay $3 million fine, forfeit smuggled ancient artifacts http://dlvr.it/PSWND3 
Thank you for "vague tweeting."  Keep proving your ignorance there Cheeto Boy.
4th July Trump spoke PEACE.... Joke of the year ?
@WhiteHouse
Don't forget to nominate an ambassador to Afghanistan.
How much are you gaining financially? America gains nothing, How's the defeating Isis the first day going ? Still waiting for the results
Are you sure you didn't speak with Saudi? You know, Mrs. Saudi Arabia?  #myidiotpotus #ImpeachTrump
did you sell him some steaks too?
...O'er the ramparts we watched...
If by "interesting" you mean the ME is on the verge of another conflict, because you sold arms to your buddies SA, then yes.. Interesting!
@JamesFourM @CORLEBRA777 @counterchekist Who wants to bet they talked about #1MDB?
Lol that's funny!
You might want to have someone speak with 44. He may be speaking to other countries for the US. We don't like it.
The Logan Act
The Bible says there will never be peace in the middle east
The Saudis can't do anything regarding Palestine or peace in the Middle East
Go for it!! Peace is eminence.
Poor King...
Did they agree to stop beheading dissidents?
Mind blowing!  The country responsible for 9|11 are interesting.  Boo!
You might want to speak to #Lockheed  #Boeing #Ratheon  #Northrop etc
Are you building a new hotel?
Yeah, 'cause the King of Saudi Arabia has all the answers for world peace!  Please, go play some more golf!  #Resist
You seem like a pretty cool guy im proud to have you as a president. Support us vets
wow.. #LyingDonald has finally realized where the middle east is  #DonTheCon
Nothing will change with these people ever
This forum is not a "stayed tuned later" and neither is BEING A PRESIDENT.  LEAVE MY COUNTRY and take your turdletes withy you
Sad! How come you still have your Twitter account when mine was suspended for reasons 1/2 as bad as your friggin tweets! Go figure!

Well, the Bible says a leader will achieve a complete peace in the Mid-East and then all hell. That leader is the antichrist. You?
Ooooo!,  INTERESTING Things! . . . 
DO TELL US DADDY !
Could you give us a few specifics for once?
Great!! Then move there!! Please!!!!!
Like the blockade of our ally Qatar that you support?
Sir, you do realize if it wasn't for US these so called Kings, "we" call them towel heads, would be wandering the desert on camels for food.
9/11 terrorists were from Saudi Arabia. This country is a hub for the worst atrocities. Do Trumpsters know they are Muslim. Suckers.
While our country is going down in flames...
Please dont let Muslims in to the USA..they are destroying Sweden and Finand..attacking women everyday. no one is safe.
Because everyone knows Saudi Arabia can just make Middle East peace happen, same as the "concierge" at Holiday Inn Express.
What did you, fondle the Glowing Orb of the Great Shitgibbon again?
Started in a weird place for Middle-East peace #tryagain #DumpTrump
Remember 9/11!  Obstruction of Justice will not go away!  #25thAmendmentNOW
Mad bugger
Yes ... and how relief to know that..... reeeeeeealy
Uh huh. Tell us more. You are obviously so knowledgeable. Use your words.
And he said; "PEACE"! "There is PEACE"? Where"? "Im so sorry" I'll have that rectified immediately" "Terrorists HA! I pay them too much" 
I thought Wonder Boy, your manikin son-in-law, was going to bring Middle East peace in his spare time. So that you can both cash in there.
H
http://www.Brattlivesmatter.com  #brattlivesmatter #publicsafety #hotcardeath #sharevideo #share #viral #goviral #sprewellcare #sprewell #adc #safety
Are you sleeping with him? #CTA
Could you please elaborate on those "interesting things" for the people? Bc I'll bet they're only interesting to you&your cronies!
Fucking man
Interesting things i wonder how much did you bill them as your in the WH to make money #moneygrabber Business Man First America last
