We won!
I am not sick of all the winning yet!   
 
Not only are the people NOT turning on you like Dems had hoped, we are doubling down on the Trump agenda!  
Oh please it's no surprise should have won by a landslide in the Redneck State. Ahh but you didn't this is good news in 2018 and 2020
So you are happy with 0-5. So close. Oh so close. Keep losing. We'll keep winning. #MAGA
Democrats are the party of losers. We will never get sick of all this Winning. Go Trump #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp #DrainTheDeepState
M.A.G.A. = Make America Gerrymander Again. #MAGA
So not Russia this time?
No evidence Russia meddled or influenced the special elections. However, there's vast evidence they did in the 2016 Presidential. 
Foreign countries meddle in elections all the time. The only reason why it's a big deal now is because you're upset who got elected.
Or, because this is the first time a foreign government figures out how to successfully tip the odds their way. What if that's possible?
But why not tip it in favor of Hillary so they can get the other 80 percent of the uranium?
Democrats nearly bankrupted Russia with our trade sanctions and our own investments into renewable energy that crippled their oil interests.
Putin isn't pro-Dem or pro-GOP. He's pro-Putin. He's pro-Russia. He's an opportunist. This was an opportunity to Marshall influence. He won.
 Here are  7 things YOU can do  RIGHT NOW to #Resist the #Trump agenda and set the stage for #ImpeachTrump:
WHOA! you are in this cartoon! (Can u spot the bot?)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-8YX66eyw4 …
#TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump
Ya get your tissue boxes ready.
Ready!  Tears of joy when he resigns. Shit, I forgot to check and see if you were a bot first.....
Dear Trump supporter, you are right. I admit it.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sb9arfCVGZU … #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump
@karenhandel Beat Hollywood, she can Handel the obstructionist left
Asking @karenhandel graciously to join @realDonaldTrump Agenda to #MAGA & Honest again









Not even that much
Saying a Democrat knows nothing about the economy is an oxymoron as it's always been Democrats who have had to clean up our economy after a
Republican. That's based on actual facts. Every Republican has had a good economic start in recent years since George Bush Sr. thanks to a
Democrat cleaning up the previous Republican's mess. So thank you to Bill Clinton and Obama for cleaning up both Bushs' messes they put our
“@immigrant4trump: @realDonaldTrump The Democratic Party After Going 0-5 #GA06 https://twitter.com/immigrant4trump/status/873718309459554304/video/1 …”THIS IS EPIC!  Repeat
Psalm 20:4
May He #grant you according to your #heart’s #desire, And fulfill all your #purpose.
Agreed.
God First. He leads the way.
Pray for our country.
#45MAGAStrong
 Special Counsel
 Independent Commission
 Impeachment/25th
 REMOVAL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RA3DT8-7hNk …
 #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #resist 
Dear Trump supporter, you are right. I admit it.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sb9arfCVGZU … #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump
The more these Democrats talk about impeachment the more they lose their party going bye bye

Another win for the Make America Great Again Agenda! #MAGA
Big League Win Tonight 
"We are gonna Win, Win, Win- and we are not Stopping!" #MAGA
This truly makes me laugh who is the we the entire U.S. our just you trumpies
In Republican districts, so this isn't a surprise. It's surprising how close these were in blood red districts.
No I mean in the district that has been a 60/40 win for republicans the last 30 years which was now 47/53
No it has not. It's been 48/52
LOL what? Price was by 23% last election 
I have no problems w political differences. That's what makes America great. We r free 2 disagree & id still buy u a beer (2 cuz of ur name)
You're the people's servant. Have respect for the job. Secretary of State mocking fellow Americans like a schoolyard bully? Smh. 
Wonder if she was upset when an actual SOS called half the country deplorables?
There's no way you've ever watched a sport besides golf. Glad this is filling the void for you, you limp dick hack.
You should close Guantanamo before you get sent there.
You'll go first Danny Boy for treasonous acts against the sitting President.
For calling him a hack whose penis doesn't work? That's not treason unless you have multiple meetings with the Russians to write it.
This.
I love the smell of liberal tears in the morning...smells like freedom...MAGA





#MercerBot
100% Kekistani, communist scum
Climate change is still real, and immigrants still make America great.
Clarification:  *Peaceful law-abiding immigrants who share our values* make America great.
Same goes with citizens and Presidents, don't you agree?
Fully agree.
So we have a lot more work to do
We can agree our country has lots of work to do.
Absolute lunacy. A President can obstruct justice like anyone else.  And this time it's not about his sex life
If Republicans lose the House, Trump will be impeached...

RETWEET if You Will Make Sure This Happens!!
Mueller reportedly investigating Trump for obstruction of justice. http://bit.ly/2rxSMoN 
Damn RIGHT
#ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #TheResistance #MAGA
Fox News' Charles Krauthammer is REALLY FED UP with Trump #TheResistance #msnbc #CNN
@GOP NEEDS 2 interrogate @realDonaldTrump like they did @HillaryClinton during the Benghazi/Email hearings..THIS #RussiaHacking is NO joke
@realDonaldTrump @wikileaks @KremlinRussia_E  Got Some Explaining to do
Who needs leaks. Just watch this.
So True
You're such a narcissistic jerk. You are the leader of our country. Fucking act like it, not like a middle-schooler. You'e an embarrassment.
HAHA!! So angry and bitter!! And we are only getting started! #MAGA
Getting weary of his personality disorder getting in the way of our country's democracy. So yeah, I'm fucking angry.
Please stay that way. Oh but you don't have to work hard at it cause it's in your nature
How would you know that? Are you telepathic?!
I'm still not tired of winning, Mr. President — keep Making America Great Again!
@bonnieblue719 @realDonaldTrump love it!
Imagine if they hadn't used a bullshit Obama robo-call to suppress the black vote. Also, your wife loathes you.
Oh does she? You saw 5 seconds of video and suddenly think you know her? Must be why she married him, huh!
Life is too short for anonymous trolls. You and your 4 followers have a good night.
But you had time enough to look at his profile and to reply...
Yes. I'm on hiatus.
You make winning so much fun! Thank you and God bless you. #MAGA
Bahahahhaha!!!! They are blaming it on the rain! 
Republicans 5
Media 0
#MAGA
Why does Rachel Maddow always make a face like a gargoyle?

Aren't you under investigation?
Nope
Yep
Lol nope??  Idiots
his atty was CRYSTAL CLEAR: "he isn't under investigation...he is...no he isn't, and I never said it; the video and your eyes are lying!"
Doesn't matter either way Dems voted for a straight up criminal under investigation that had real evidence.
So did Republicans... Your point?
Just so we're all on the same page: The President of the United States just used the letter O as a number.
"5 (or any other number) and "O" is a term used by every announcer when discussing wins or losses. The President is correct. Apologize.
It's written as 0. Mostly because it's a number.
OMG! Learning is hard for 45 lackeys.
They are literally unable to admit/accept that he is capable of making a typo. They view him as a messiah. A complete cult mentality.
Look in the mirror.
Sick burn. You know, sometimes it's better to just let one go.
Still not tired of winning!
You serve the people that didn't vote for you too. Read the Constitution. You swore an oath to uphold and defend it.
He's a petulant child. Clearly.
A baby toad
He is everything you teach your child not to be.
Wooohoooo! No stopping us now! #MAGA

 Border Wall Design 
   Watch and Share 
         
https://youtu.be/3o0pi2nUGP4  
Except this election showed an ever-shrinking Republican base. Congrats on your legacy as a death rattle!
Dont worry, CNN is assuring you that Hillary will win in November..lol
I'll venmo you $20 if you can go a week without saying her name.
A whole 20 dollars? What's the matter, you donate your life savings to Ossoff's campaign??
This was funny.
I'm not tired of winning. #Covfefe
It is wonferful
Dang autocorrect , but everyone knows I meant absolutely WONDERFUL hahaha
O

Hey, what is your record in the courts? Just curious...
That idiot has been to court so many times a box of toothpicks isn't enough times. Karma
I like turtles.
Way to heal the nation's wounds, bro
And just what are you doing to improve things?????
I'd strengthen the mandate to stabilize and lower premiums
Deeply divisive and no class.  When do we save our republic from these braggarts and frauds?
Blah blah blah. You still suck and you will still be busted for treason. You decimated the @GOP and you're not even a Republican. Resign.
Speaking of Fake News, the Dirty Old Man position is wide open at Fox News. You really should resign and go run that shitshow.
I want to argue with this but i can't. Yikes.
Psssst...not sure you've seen the news, but you might wanna get on that 6 month old unfilled FEMA appointment.
You mean like money spent on ads that, as usual with the @GOP and YOU freaking lie? Just own the title liar-in-chief. The world agrees.

CA-34
BREAKING: Trump Loyalists Win Bigly!
3 #Trump loving archetypes. (Can u spot the bot?)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-8YX66eyw4 …
#TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump
You didn't win 'bigly'...you scraped by.  Idjit.
Watch cartoon. It's satire
They love making fun of people.  Trump is turning Americans against each other and thinks it's winning.  It's like a Hitler rally.
I can't wait until the words that made you famous comes full circle. "You're fired"
impeach, same outcome don't act stupid.
And @realDonaldTrump  offered to buy them for pennies on the dollar. 
You clearly promised you wouldn't cut Medicare or Medicaid. You support a bill that cuts both. You are a liar.
dear mr president sir pls stop tweeting
The amount of pettiness you obtain in those small hands of yours is just astounding.
.@realDonaldTrump Your hair is ugly.
no body talking to you, Eddie Munster.
You look like a neanderthal.
How would you know? You're a virgin.
Well, done pickles. Don't forget the majority of Americans voted against you.
Don't forget the lizard people!!!
And none of this matters when you are found to have colluded with Russia! 
Truth: barely pulled off in heavy Republican districts, so keep deluding yourself that you aren't a DISASTER of a POTUS. 
BOTH parties spent a shit load.  What's really odd is the amount GOP spent on a district that's been solid red for 30+ years 
They were scared
Mr President, can you make sure you have ICE agents at every polling station? I don't believe it's been the Russians meddling, its illegals!
I'm guessing his romper is at the cleaners lol!!
That doesn't change the fact that you, personally, are under investigation for obstruction of justice. #lockhimup
According to the law, a sitting president can't be charged with obstruction. They are well within bounds to fire DOJ officials
You also realize that Nixon was being impeached before resigning due to obstruction of justice right?
Changed in 1976 with H.R 1244. Protecting presidents from obstruction claims. The only evidence we have of obstruction is thru Obama admin
Do you not realize they are currently investigating him for obstruction of justice? He fucking tweeted it himself!
Liberals are afraid because they can't win an election and everything being done is improving broken politics. Start by getting a message
I'm always open to debate but please have some facts rather than "alternative facts" to back your arguments
$50 Million spent trying to win a single seat in the House, and the Loser Democrats fail again in their "Trump referendum".  MAGA, Baby!
#OhLordy 
Again...no grace. I really miss the Obamas.
This is how people look when they are not on the Trump Train. Climb aboard, the ride is free and it's fun to win all the time.
lol I love u
Leaders unify countries.
You are dividing the US.
You are not a leader.

You R the single most dividing factor in this country. No wonder ur businesses have ended up bankrupt. U r NOT a leader U r a divider.
America First  #FIREMCMASTER #FIREDENAPOWELL NOW BRING BACK @GenFlynn
They will LOCK YOU UP!
Hallelujah = Dems are doomed forever.  Time to #MAGA 
@K20087563 'He's RIGHT Again'!!
Your election is over. Act like a president for everyone, not just for the GOP and Koch brothers. And your best friend, Vlad.
You are a hysterical loon.
This kind of smug "us" versus "them" graceless @POTUS crap is what activates mentally ill people to shoot Republicans. #TeamScalise
All aboard the Trump train!!!!! You can't stop the Trump!!! Dems can't stop losing!!!!
#Ossoff was a warning shot. Stay cocky. Our victory will be that much sweeter.
Mueller.


5 and O! Damn Russians!
you are the ultimate argument for planned parenthood and birth control.
THE HRC DNC EMAILS WERE & ARE CRIMINAL WHO CARES ABOUT WHO HACKED THM NOTHING WE CAN DO BUT YOU CAN CHARGE HRC & DNC FOR CRIMES WITH EMAILS
What Dems fail to remember is all you want is to make America Great Again.But. It's like there Brain Washed.Thank God I pulled myself away
"make America great again" is fake news? People who lie about everything lie to themselves and eventually cannot distinguish a truth. Liar.
America is already great but u republicans are messing her up. 


Yeah...let's see. Tom Price won 61.6% in "16, Handel won 52.7% in special election "17. So, Trump you lost 8.9% support in GOP district!
Great Work Mr. President - you are appreciated, all the way to japan and the pacific rim. Thank you so much for the hard work!
Keep up out
Your doing a great job from what I see. Keep it up. Lefties are a result of what happened when civics, history were taken out of school
Um excuse me but your posse were the worst at the fake news and the exploitation & lies of a shooting. STOP WITH THE SHITTY MUDSLINGING
There you go again, listening to Bannon too much.
☭☭☭☭☭☭☭☭☭☭☭☭☭☭
Mid terms are gonna be a blast! Can't wait
AMERICA FOR AMERICANS!!

How bout that Rusher thing #readabook
YOU R NOT MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
U R MAKING AMERICA A COMMUNIST NATION
U TRULY NEED TO CHANGE YOUR STRATEGY
& SOON
& what have u done other than play golf & lie. I feel bad for Barron. He has learned nothing from u other than what not to be later in life.
AWESOME!   GOD  BLESS  AMERICA  AND  PRESIDENT  TRUMP  AND  VP  PENCE  AND  THEIR  FAMILIES  
The REAL reason is the #Dems R now #GOPLite & we dont #Vote 4 Phonies!
Thats Y I didnt #Vote 4 #Trump or #Hillary!!

So True! .@POTUS working hard to #MAGA #MASA #Jobs #Jobs #Jobs! @AGJeffBSessions @VP! 5 and 0...
【Front Japan 桜】日本で流行しているプロパガンダ手法 / 中国太子党ビジネスの特徴と習一族の今[桜H29/6/21]
Obama just got 317,000 likes for his tweet-June 22.  And you trying to squash Russian ties investigations.
I say awesome Mr Presendent
You mean, Republicans won seats previously held by Republicans? Only you think that's news.
5 and 0 yet can't pass any legislation...
Russian problems growing hugely.
Well get ready for midterms things will get better for the Democrats thanks to you
STOP BEING SO DIVISIVE!  It is your job as POTUS to unite us, not divide us!  You are a terrible example all our citizens!
The First family is American royalty at its finest
you tried to take credit for the Panama canal. If that won't stupid I dunno what else to call it.
first 100 comparison #44: saved economy from collapse, WAGE discrimination & expanded children health ins. 45?? ridding 44's coattails HUGE!
Well that's not you Sir.. You seem hell bent on destroying it, & all the lower class & those who depend on State health care & the elderly
The South Carolina Boeing plant where President Trump gave a speech promising to protect U.S. jobs says it's laying off 200 workers.
Your ass will be gone before you can say MAGA.Oh by the way does the help pack your bags for you?Tick Tock Tick Tock restless nights Donnie?
You mean in the red states where keeping them poor and uneducated makes them vote republican? 
Go trump 2020
Gloater in Chief and friend of Putin.
EVERY TRUMP SUPORTR NEEDS TO GET THIS TRENDING TELL TRUMP TO EXPOSE THE DNC HRC EMAILS FORGET THE HACKERS THE EMAILS ARE THE CRIME & CVR UP
Love my president he's doing an amazing job!! He definitely has my vote in the next election
Is this how you are making America great again? arresting protesters in wheelchairs. Really.
You should know fake when you see it, that's for sure!  However, that also makes your tweets fake.
@K20087563 'Americans are ecstatic'!!
Thank you to our first family for bringing Grace beauty and culture back to the White House and this country so proud of them
You are the #fakenews so.....
yeah
for the love of god would you please go play in heavy traffic
There is no I win you lose we are all part of the same nation
Doesn't look like politicians  get that Trump was voted by the people for President  will be a cold day in hell to stop Trump's supporters
MAKE AMERICA, AMERICA AGAIN! #Notmypresident,#Donthecon,#Dumpthechump,#Cheetoman,#Putinspuppet,#AgentOrange,#theresistance,#Agentorange
@GigiTracyXO Dems spent over $350 per losing vote. They never were good at fiscal stewardship.
