My daughter, Ivanka, will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning. Enjoy!...
I WOULD LIKE TO SEE IVANKA SPEAK ON FOX NEWS BUT I DON'T HAVE A TELEVISION   THE TV'S IN THE BREAK ROOMS AT WORK I DON'T THINK THEY HAVE CABLE TV  BUT FATHER JESUS CHRIST OF NAZARETH YOU BLESS IVANKA'S MIND HEART & SPIRIT AAAMEN TRIPLE AAA MEN.
Fox and friends, really?  Shocking.  But so great. Really, really great.
トランプ大統領の訪日に敬意を表してmadeinUSA TREKmountainbike新規事業向け 購入検討中
Hello I'm Tanaka Kenichi I'm evacuating North Korea I would like to help you want to be the power of the president Please give me a reply
Don,  WTF do i gotta do to get blocked by u yo?  My favorite skeleton of yours to constantly dredge up is how u luv to grab u some "pu$$y"
sound like a pimp. Here's my daughter,  enjoy.
Please make North Korea quiet in order to realize world peace,thanks.
NEPOTISM. I do not know how American people tolerate that. It looks like what we see in countries led by dictators.
I will be looking forward to it

I wish you continued success in the future.

I want to join the CIA.
Idc
Thanks for everything you do for us
Why is the President wanting to get rid of Medicaid?Many American lives will be affected. Some will die because they can't afford medicine
v
I would like to work with her, designing elegant dresses, for Morning,Afternoon,Evening,White House-Gala Events for high American Glamour.
Can Steve Doocy grab her by the pussy?
Try looking at her face instead next time
fox fake news. make china great. send clthes to be made to china
Can't wait to see it.
#FUDT
#fudt
Who cares all of you need to get out of the white all of you are sickening
lol you are talking about propoganda while you are working at vice , lmaooooo
So, this will be the first time she is not on you............you perverts no, on his case advising him not to tell he likes his daughter
Sounding more like a dictator everyday.
Lmfao
Doesn't she still her clothing made across seas 
Who cares!!!!
I can hardly wait to NOT watch...thanks for the heads up knuckle head.
Remember to stay away from the dressing rooms this time?
Yuck
Will she tell me where I can buy my wife some of her shitty clothes?
You should be proud of your daughter! Very bright head on her shoulders!
Yuk
Who cares!!
hey! people love your daughter
Good morning Sr subhash Sah Indian
Yuck
Ugh. I'd rather have a stomach virus
Enjoy is what someone says in an email when they put out cookies in the staff lounge.  Are you saying she is a cookie?
No thanks
She's also on xxx porn being banged by Cubans
Crook daughter.  So what.
FAKE NEWS
Won't be watching that.  No thank you
Who cares...
No tks
So
Another good reason to NOT watch Fox and Friends.
Go run your country
Enjoy what??
Making up more alternative facts!
Ppppffffffftttttttt
Now those will be Real Fake News!
How do you make America Great when you cut all the services!
We love her, such a graceful lady!
What time, I want to make sure that I don't accidentally stop on Fox News while surfing channels!
You have 2 daughters. Do you need a grammar book?
Glad I missed it.
WHY ?  Because you can talk properly...you thinned skin loser.
So sorry I missed daughter/wife interview, I am sure it was Sad!
#TaxReturns
Why?
No one cares about her or respects her. She has NO legit place in government.
I'd bang her
Who cares
IS #EXMACHINA GETTIN' A TUNE UP??? @IvankaTrump YOU'LL NEVA BE A REAL GIRL. #NOBODYLIKESYOU #RESIST45 #IMPEACH45 #magafail
Don't be shy! Tell it like it is! She's your daughter-wife.   Show her off with pride! You paid good money for her.

@NickWeingartz sad!
What you have to ban is the private ownership of assault guns. Otherwise, Ivanka may be next.
Promoting her losing brand! #pathetic
you mean faux and foes
Yuck
Beautiful lady to be such a whiny crybaby spoiled brat!
I'll be washing my hair.
Уважаемый лидер! (that's "dear leader" in Russian) informs us that a member of the ruling family is on TV. #unPresidented I miss democracy
No thanks.  Don't want to get ill
We will. ;)
We don't care...
You are marketing yourselves 24/7 hope you all see the inside of cells for a long time
So? What good did she do?
No one gives a shit & no one could possibly enjoy it

Uh....no
Will she bring your tax returns?
Your daughter converted to Judaism because she didn't want to share a god with you
IM NOT A BIG ACC LIKE YOU WHICH I DONT KNOW WHY BUT BLOVK ME
translation: I think my daughter is hot and that's weird
After that she's coming over to my place. Definitely will enjoy.
What exactly is her job? Or it a hobby?
i enjoyed not watching
Oops there's that FOX thing again. The only real fake news on tv
@TVGuide can handle this...maybe work on your public approval ratings instead of @foxandfriends ratings.
"Enjoy"??  euww.
Didn't you say you would date your daughter?  Damn donny,  you gross!
I will be watching she has some great ideas. She seems to be a very caring person.
If she's anything like you, I refuse to watch. May as well just cancel my cable all together 
You get my like only because as a father I can respect the fact that you are supporting and promoting your daughter :)
Dont you have nothing to do ? writing poor messages on tweeter as a teen ager.
NO ONE CARES!
I doubt I will.
She was great, such an inspiration as all your children are.
.....AND? Looking forward to you and her husband in prison.
LOL
Who elected her?
Will she be discussing the conflicts of interest that you and your family has? May be they will discuss golf and extra cake. #CheetoInChief
She's wonderful! She should run for president one day.
Crooked Donnie, 
Crooked Donnie, 
LOCK HIM UP!
Crooked Donnie, 
LOCK HIM UP!
Crooked Donnie, 
LOCK HIM UP!
Crooked Donnie, 
LOCK HIM UP!!
Fox News is Fake News
Good

Blah
She is so dam gorgeous love you @IvankaTrump
Dear god no another that can't string a sentence together 
FANTASTIC
Like you do??
She was great!
Really? Who cares? She's as stupid as you and the rest of your family AND cabinet???
P.S. Good money spent on idiots to say good things about your so-called presidency.
Good for her
Happy birthday President Trump! Keep up the good work.
Unless she is relevant now, I'm not watching! More pro daddy babble and hubby financial disasters are par for the hotel guys bankruptcy woes
Please tell me she'll be in the buff!
Being complicit!

Enjoy what?  She is freaking nuts as you are.
Lol. She is a liar and pay the lowest wage in Indonesia to the children making her clothes for her cloths line. Taking advantage of the poor
Wouldn't watch if you paid me
You mean your mistress?
Забавно, как вы всегда рекламируете свою дочь-жену
NOONE CARES
Must be nice having your own news station puppets
I'd rather drink puke.
Best reply ever. And it's fairly accurate. 
She can't pull you out of this big sh*t hole you've created for yourself.
She obviously needs free pr. To sell her slave-made crap!
How? We don't like her !
Who cares
who cares????
Bloccc meee
Im REALLY block me
Who. Cares.
What is fox and friends as live in uk
Who cares?
I want to wish you a very HAPPY BIRTHDAY we love and support you !!!!
Happy Birthday Mr. President! 
NO ONE IS ENJOYING ANY OF THIS
... discussing her enslavement of 20% of Asia.
@realDonaldTrump Oh nice, maybe you can be your daughter's publicist once you are finally impeached. Try not to screw that up too.
More fake news? Thought you hated fake news? #Foxnewsisallfake #madejustforyou #goawayalready
Happy Birthday!
Yeah.  We know.   She's the First Lady.
