Trump calls it AmazonWashingtonPost because Jeff Bezos (Amazon) owns WaPo. 

Would that make it RussiaWhiteHouse since Putin owns Trump?
FailingNewYorkTimes just had one of its strongest quarters of the last decade. Revenue was up 23%. Subscriptions way up. Not failing at all.
Trump attacking our 2 greatest newspapers wouldn't have anything to do with the recent launching of Trump TV, err, State TV would it?
Why is this so hard for Trump/conservatives? HILLARY CLINTON ISN'T PRESIDENT. TRUMP IS. Covering POTUS much more important than any civilian
What's failing is this White House. Other than a SCOTUS seat (credit to McConnell), firings and rallies, what the hell has it accomplished?
Nice tits, Stan.
Bahahahaha.  Gotta be, (dear God I hope) a bot, to put that pic out.
Climate change is impacting ALL of us, and you don't do anything about it.
All you ever do is play golf and then claim that "this is not a vacation" when everyone knows that it is.
You're a joke to this country, and it's no longer funny. NK is a serious threat to us right now, and where are you? On the golf course.
Americans deserve better than you, Trump. We deserve a caring leader who isn't constantly under investigation.
To be fair Hillary was too. I'm not a Trump supporter.
I was never a huge Hillary fan either. But at least she had experience, and she was way better than Trump.
I'd be happy with a sane adult running this country,instead of a spoiled child who throws tantrums all the time. It's getting old.
#Prophecies_Of_Nostradamus
The leader(chyren) will suddenly become known to the world ; just keep watching
Must watch,
Must watch
The great saint in the  world

https://twitter.com/LJodhpur/status/890878410498727936/video/1 …

We can't wait for this...




Dude, you're going to prison and you know it, why else would you freak out like this?
North Korea has nukes and all you can think about is RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA. 

Methinks the Trump doth protest too much.
I'm gonna ask you once again. One. Strategic. Bolt. Of. Lightning. BAM it's no longer a problem and US taxpayers saved millions. Please!
I second the bolt of lightening suggestion. 

It's that easy!
I so wanna see a pic of that. :D

Emails also show that your son attempted to at least collude with Russia. What's your point?
BTW stop trying to ruin AMERICAN companies!!!
Are you ready for Friday???  http://ir.net/news/politics/126633/report-4-indictments-likely-friday-ny-trump-investigation/ …
The New York Times Was Founded In the 1800's and is One of American's Oldest Companies.  Keep trying to ruin them.  Thats Presidential
Amazon has NO ownership in the Washington Post you Orange buffoon!!
Trump's attack on our free press is not only chilling but a complete erosion of our democracy.
A free press is the only thing standing in the way of a dictatorship or autocracy. If the press is not free, neither are we.
Democracy dies in darkness, and evil thrives.
It's being reported that N. Korea may now have the ability to launch a nuclear strike, millions of lives at risk - and you're STILL WHINING
Mismanagement of this will not be remedied by filing another chapter 11

Markets will crash, many will die. 

You are unfit. Step down.
Is there anyone in control?  Where are the grown Ups?

WTH us wrong with you ? Seriously, please resign. NK has mini friggin nuclear capability hidden in missles and you are deflecting to HRC !
Nothing on the terrorist attack at a mosque . Nothing about our missing and presumed servicemen BUT HRC and your petty childishness!
Get over yourself. The only reason you deflect is bc you KNOW this was a #Stolenelection, your ego and lack of morals won't let go!
@Gop @SenateGOP @HouseGOP 
How long will you let this travesty rein? How long will you allow us to be iscolated from our allies while this
Incompetence ignores priorities,  National Security and puts us all in danger ?
For a guy that swears he doesn't pay attention to "Fake News" - he sure can't seem to ever STOP tweeting about it...
Trump and this presidency is a distraction to larger things happening on the planet.
You are a pure conspiracy theorist!  You are like a child reading fairy tales!
Except your fairy tales all have sad endings where evil conquers good!
In reality, your administration and former administration is usig Russian bots to tell a false narrative
Do you honestly think anyone other than the 30% who still support you will believe a single accusation that you make?
Takes more than 30% to win the election. Your polls said killary was the hands down winner...WRONG.
The polls predicting the popular vote were hands down accurate. Distrust these polls at your own risk.
JFC! What the heck is wrong with you? You're a national embarrassment. Seriously, let your media guys handle your Twitter account.
Who gives AF about the Clinton/Lynch meeting? Hillary isn't president; YOU WON THE ELECTION.
Regardless, they COVERED that meeting, as well as ran breathless coverage for MONTHS about Clinton's email practices.
News needs to cover @vp Pence's decision to selectively turn over his aol account emails from his time as Gov of Indiana.
Link:

.@POTUS #Trump & #AG Sessions

Time To Take ACTION to #MAGA. This is a #DeepState leftovers WITCH HUNT.

…
Funny - #Lynch doesn't HAVE kids or grandkids! Only two step kids. #Truth #MAGA
#DrainTheSwamp #maga
#Lynch #DeepState #Truth #MAGA
#MAGA
Can we investigate Donna and check if she is real? Maybe she's a bot, like Nicole...
Why when anybody supports President Trump you all think that they are a bot. That's ridiculous. It is a strong and powerful movement.

I like this one better.
That was my inspiration  SO many options
Someone ought to edit the scrolling news bar on the bottom, too. It could say so many fun things!
It'd be fun to hack in real time 
Yes! Though, if you were to hack a new-station's live ticker tape, I'd go for Fox... and really mess with its cult followers.
Absolutely. Especially that shitdick @seanhannity
Please tell me that you know some hackers!
He can't handle the truth 
Shouldn't you be dealing with the North Korea situation now instead of tweeting?
Is it raining in New Jersey again?
Not raining today. Low energy #Impotus unable to keep it up for more than 2 days of golfing. Trump is there to meet Russians.
And evidence shows that Donnie Junior was in collusion with the Russians, which one is of national security concern?
Dude. Take a chill pill.
The election is over, Donnie.
At this point your tweets equate to verbal diarrhea.
Maybe you should be paying attention to North Korea instead of repeating Fox News propaganda.
E-mails show that the AmazonWashingtonPost and the FailingNewYorkTimes were reluctant to cover the Clinton/Lynch secret meeting in plane.
a real president would cut vacation short and head back to WH to address #NorthKorea crisis. Trump is weak
@realDonaldTrump Always remember the hardworking silent majority supports you & your team-Disregard the #LiberalsWithUnrealisticExpectations
Why do you think liberals are the only ones who  don't support Trump?
Are you blind? Have you not noticed the number of Republicans not supporting him either?
Normally Russian bots don't notice p00p.
3 Years, 5 Months, 11 Days, 22 Hours, 59 Minutes, and 29 Seconds
Add 4 more years to that.
No. Subtract 3 years. Lol
That's too much math for a tRumpy
Too much "meth" for you I guess
Joshua 1:9
Have I not #commanded you? Be strong and of good courage; do not be afraid, nor be dismayed, for the #Lord [1/2]
Show the emails then.
But maybe pause and consider the reluctance. Was it because the claims were admittedly over exaggerated? Were they waiting to confirm facts?
Also it's funny you only slam these publications but then also give them willing rambling interviews and even tweet them other times.
North Korea has developed miniaturized nuclear warheads and this is what you are tweeting about?
Dude. The election is over. Why does Clinton still live rent-free in your head?
Three Marines died.
A Mosque was target of terror.
North Korea is on center state of danger.
Lynch recused herself.
What is wrong with you?
Show us the emails, then.
Better yet, show us those tax returns!
There was a domestic terror attack against a mosque.

Three Marines were killed near Australia.

NK has miniaturized nuclear warheads.
Slimeball Gorka said the WH might comment on the Mosque bombing if it's proven it wasn't faked by "leftists." I Paraphrased only slightly
No one gives a shit. Get back to work, jerko.
Yet You're always stalking his tweets.
Trump works for us (at least he's supposed to) it's not stalking tweets so much as it's keeping the employee in check.
Bingo
If I pay taxes to fund programs that y'all take advantage of, can I troll you just as you're trolling the president?
Actually Donald, the Times is doing quite well. It is your presidency that is failing--bigly. Sad!
Plagiarized ^
Google, Amazon and other Fake News are the thought police.

Google Thought Police destroying the #GoogleMemo
Vote out all the RINOs
The Left are the real fascists, they suppress any thought that doesn't fit into their idiotic paradigm.
James Damore is a Patriot!!! Google is Big Brother! #GoogleFascism
Gets worse. Google and FB consulting w/ MMFA re: censoring what we read and what we say. http://bit.ly/2uD9xC9 
THIS IS THE REAL SCANDAL!! DEMOCRATS!
Cornered animals that have no where to go always lash out when they're caught. Showing your true colors!
Google censored pro-Trump news! #GoogleFascism!
That's just sad. You're on the wrong side of history, Jack.
North Korea has nukes. Focus, bitch.
Generally, civilized folk refer to the personage holding that Office as "Mr. President."
Fake news with double standards. Hatefully targeting our President and his family. Go after the real collusion i.e. the Clintons.
lol again, watching shows doesn’t count as work
Watching cable TV & tweeting are how Trump practices presidenting.
@dahlia201 @Jaxgma3235 @taxvictim @TeeCee_85  in #NKorea crisis this INCOMPETENT CRAP call  @AMAZON and ORDER PEACE& DELIVER US FROM EVIL
My reply to him. Language alert. Over his stupidity. NK threatening us and this dumbass tweeting about Clinton. Jfc someone put him in cell!
Act like a President? Hahahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah
 I know. I set bar to high. Act normal. Human. Not like a teen boy who lost his gf to his bff. 
Did you all see this?

http://ir.net/news/politics/126633/report-4-indictments-likely-friday-ny-trump-investigation/ …
Could one of them be Jr?  He seems to have fell off face of earth.
Not sure, but get snacks and drinks.....I'm excited.
At this point I'm almost ready for a nuclear war just so I don't have to listen to you piss & moan about Hillary ever again
I've just got my hallway decorated, can we just hold off on the apocalypse long enough for me to enjoy it for about?
A bit........
Emails also show you are the most hated person on earth. Suck my balls. Say hi to Melania. Who is she dating?
Harsh. 
Fair.


The fact that U keep bringing up Clinton shows you're either jealous of her (popular vote) or U have insecurities. You're POTUS, so move on!

No, we really don't
Yes, most of us really do.
Snowflakes surely miss him.
I dont know if that statememt is very accurate. Trump doesn't seem to miss him at all.
Twitter shows that you have not once mentioned the Mosque bombing in Minnesota or the fallen Marines. And you’re actually President.
thumbs too short to reach "@" sign
Sounds like you're an anti-brachydactyly bigot.
No, the bigot is the one pretending he doesn’t have short fingers. I am tolerant of his condition and trying to make others tolerant as well
Your tweets show that you are a horrible person.
I still don't get why "Amazon" is pejorative in the President's mind
Because he's upset that Jeff Bezos (owns Amazon & WaPo) is richer than he is.
How's your tax funded 17 day golf trip coming along?
Blow up a balloon 
Don't tie off the end
Hold it up
Release it
Watch it fly chaotically around the room

That’s Trump’s mind.
If you have time to attack the NY Times, you have time to condemn the attack on the Minnesota mosque.
HERES HOPING ALL OF YOU LIBERTY HATING MUSLIMS WILL GO BACK TO YOUR THIRD WORLD HELL HOLES! AMERICA IS NO PLACE FOR CHILD BRIDES PEDOPHILES!
Muslims make America great. Your Islamophobia and xenophobia, in contrast, is reprehensible.
NO AUTHENTIC CHRISTIAN MARRIES CHILDREN. CULTS LIKE ISLAM DO.
IM NOT SAYING THERE ARENT CRIMINAL CHILDHOOD MARRIAGES IN AMERICA IM SAYING THEY ARENT CHRISTIANS! DONT EVEN DARE 2 COMPARE CHRISTIAN/MUSLIM
what failure really looks like, #tяump approval ratings
Crooked NYT
What’s that about Manafort and Flynn?
E-mails show that the AmazonWashingtonPost and the FailingNewYorkTimes were reluctant to cover the Clinton/Lynch secret ...
Get over it!!
Emails show you wanted to push the FAKE NEWS story about Seth Rich on Fox News. Funny old world...
Ok, she paid for it by losing. Your up to bat now. It only makes you sound like the little kid that says, "but, but she did it!!" Do better!
Clean the Swamp. No deals for Hillary we want to see jail time!! No laws for them.... no laws for us!
YOU ARE A TRAITOR TO AMERICAN PEOPLE AND CRAZY
Are you rehearsing for the FBI Raid on Trump Tower? Hope you didn't leave evidence behind at WH while they are "renovating"/"bug planting"
No one cares about the meetings of an unemployed lady named Clinton
Pay attention who you listen to McMaster s and McConnell are evil  ok evil 
Don, what the fuck is wrong with you?
"Failing '= record subscribers.
Always someone else, looser
Show us your taxes and stop whining.
There needs to be a grand jury empowered to prosecute these people GET IT DONE NOW!
That may be true - but the FBI never conducted a predawn raid on Clinton or her associates #NoConfidence
Thinking the Washington Post and New York Times will investigate Democrat thugs is like believing the Mafia will look into loan sharking.
Right! Turned on @CNN  they are not covering the Lincoln assassination either!  ( that reminds me you promised JFK docs where are they? With your tax returns? #MAGA
Quit lying
Ny&=
Don't worry, you prevailed anyway. Just keep humble keep believing in God and we are standing with you in prayer. You are doin a good job.
#whenareyougoingtojail?
But a lot of people did laugh about yours crappie suggestions and your denials about 19 sexual alegatos, plus your video about p###ygranbing , Billy 
Bush saying that, that was you. Plus the Russians, plus 16 executives you have fired in less than 18 month & so on and on...
https://youtu.be/GyikUeahq-8  bicycle tour to #Usa
As always, the crooked liberal media covers for the crooked liberal democrats. We, the American people are sick & tired of all the corruption within the democrat party & media. Keep calling them out Mr. President !
What the F**k are you talking about now.
Deflect, deflect.  Facts are still facts. You sleep with the alligators in the swamp you said you would drain.

Clinton's not running against you dummy; I would worry about Pence, if I were you.
Get over it.
Its been over 8 months, about time for special prosecutor for ObamaGate spying crimes against US citizens and should be taken very seriously
We'll read the reports on you for generations, not just 5 minutes. Everybody hates you.
You need to worry about yourself.
you are a very sick man
Top former Officials: McMaster has sided time &time again With Obama holdovers.The Entire NSE staff that are Obama holdovers must be fired.

Amen Sistah!
Oh my God, this is what you are tweeting about now???
The media does not get that the majority of Americans don't believe what they say.
We all know that was the moment they planned the wire taping and fake Russia narrative. I hope and pray the Clinton Crime family& Lynch pay
I'm sorry in what way is the NYT failing?
That is so over.
dear gawd, man. Let it go. The only corruption in our government is in your party.
They still are......
LOVE the NYTIMES & the WA POST!!!!  They keep track of all your LIES
Smoke screen. You and Con Way are not fooling anyone. We are talking about you behind your backs. Your trump brand will be finished.
If it were a secret we wouldn't know about it, idiot. We've all seen the pics on MSM.
In the corporate world you would have been FIRED! by now.
The people here by fire your ass to the curb.

Can't blame them really Two Scoops, it's very hard to get any work done on a plane, they come around with all these Doritos and free things.
1st it was covered by the press. 2nd Lynch took herself out of decision. 3rd we don't care about the Clintons anymore
But they DID cover it. Regardless of their feelings, they covered it. Can't say that about fox news
You sure have a lot of free time. FU
Creepy!!
Dear God. You won election so stop talking about Hillary and do something for our country!!!
There's the #Collusion!
#NoOneCares HRC isn't #POTUS. You are, in name only, as you certainly haven't shown any real leadership. #NoOneLikesYou
Trying 2 change the subject from yr crazy fire & fury rant on NK? It wouldn't b good idea 2 start a nuclear WW3 because of yr ego. Really.
Dude...you won, why won't you just move on already...oh wait, because you're a giant man baby
Omg @realDonaldTrump did they meet again?
You won, remember?? Get over it.
Get over our government politically weaponizing our msm and intelligence community? No. Hold them accountable for what they did.
It wasn't a secret meeting.  Everyone saw it and reported on it.
Praying for our POTUS. Grace and peace be yours. Wisdom.
Simply shocking
Those EVIL DEMONS . Stick together !!!!
Emails show Donnie jr, manafort, Jared conspired with Russians. Oops
Why you keep on pointing to NYtimes, its coverage actually not negative on you, yiu shouldn't figure pointing to it.
WHO CARES!!!!!!!!! JUST YOU....You foolish, ignorant man......NO ONE TRUSTS YOU!!!!!!
Subscribe! Subscribe! Subscribe! We need the press!
Why are you SO clearly fixated on deflecting to Hilary? In case you didn't read the tweet that election was 10 Months ago. Grow up!
Emails also show that yout opinion doesn't matter and is stupid
You keep on tweeting my President! Piss all these crybaby libtards off! We your supporters still laughing at them! LOL
Donald Trump is the best thing that's Happen for the United States and Mike Pence 2018 vote new rep. McCain Jeff flake Doug Ducey out !
The FBI has no plans to investigate or call a grand jury on any Democrat ever! They are corrupt!! Mueller needs to go now!!
You're like inspector gadget, you nailed them at last!! 
It was all over the news at the time.

that's OK...they'll cover the impeachment proceedings...can't wait!!
Why don't you just focus on Leading the country??
u r eccentric plz improve your self
Mr. Presidunce, we really don't care what the Clinton's did/didn't do. As you willingly point out, you're the president #nomoreshinyobjects
How about that early morning raid huh????
Worry about yourself and start packing. Your obsession with Clinton and Obama is not working. No one cares what you think or want.
Soooo ridiculous of most of the press who are supposed to report the facts and let us decide!
@realDonaldTrump Where's your outrage at the Neo-Nazi attack? You don't have any because you are one!!
Instead of criticizing others
Who gives a shit?  Move on.

Why is this important to you? Good work gets rewarded. Just do it!
This from the failing Donald Trump
Agree
No integrity in press
