Who are the 61K people that liked this tweet? What the hell is wrong with y’all?
I did not!!!!!
We can’t keep Donald Trump as President forever........
Then, let's kick him out! How do we do it? Can anyone tell me?
First responders are Puerto Ricans. They are called first responders because they live in the area and can get to the emergency first. Are you threatening to remove Puerto Rican first responders from Puerto Rico or are just ignorant about the words you use?
A bag of IV fluids normally cost one dollar. Now they are 30$ a bag. If dying people aren't enough to get your attention. Maybe money will.
Do you realize how many pharmaceutical plants are in PR? We have a national shortage on basics like IV fluids and costs are going sky high.
Unreal. Fema needs to do more as it is tbfh. Better logistics and less political corruption pls!!!!
But we can keep paying for your golf trips, $73M in 10 months!
I voted for you and now I refuse to in 2020. I got what I wanted in a conservative SCOTUS justice. #magawithouttrump
Unless they throw out their lawsuit against you and finally become state 51? #theartofthedeal 
Yes we can, Puerto Rico IS America
It would be like me asking FEMA to pay for & complete my pre-hurricane under renovation home.  It was a mess BEFORE #Irma!
FEMA was terrible during Sandy. People are still trying to get help.
It's time to state the OBVIOUS, Patricia.

TRUMP is engaging in >> ETHNIC CLEANSING <<  he's clearing that Island of the 'natives'
At some point people have to get up and help themselves and others.  Remember the Miss Gulf Coast. Those people got busy, Gov ain't ur Daddy
Good luck w that! Useless
Well, there is a time to help and a time to leave 'em to cry...May be cryin time in PR
Alot of their bed has been made by their own gov't theft. Now time to get real
Hey, yea the time for Big Daddy pampering is so over. WE need to help ourselves and save this country.
thanks,Potus T. for relief to the Island of P.R. although there are some not deserve that rewarding help.God bless u 2 each of our Congress.
I liked you better when you just did cocaine on TV.
#FUCKINGMoron #FUCKINGMoron #FUCKINGMoron #FUCKINGMoron #FUCKINGMoron #FUCKINGMoron #FUCKINGMoron #FUCKINGMoron #FUCKINGMoron #FUCKINGMoron
Glad we can't keep you forever either.
Keep tweeting keep golfing keep patting yourself on the back while people in PR swelter in the heat & don't even have water for chrissakes
Some @fema stats for @realdonaldtrump...
FEMA is STILL involved in funding recovery efforts in:

- Katrina (2005)
- Gustav (2008)…
Somebody needs to take his phone away. 
#PuertoRico suffered twice the disaster as #Harvey or #Irma, but you've made half the response.
Sometimes i read these tweets and laugh, knowing that I'm smarter than a 71 year old. Really boosts my confidence
Funny!
Dear Mr president, I am 61 yrs old. Caring for elderly parents. I have no health insurance without subsidies.PLEASE DON'T END MY HEALTHCARE.
How long can we afford to keep you in the White House?  That's the question.  Impeach now.
I voted for you and support you but this comment is wrong! In one tweet you say you will always be there for PR but then you tweet......
No,just until they have clean water,real meal,that you yourself would eat,3 X a day,electricity and roads! You're responsible 4 Puerto Rico!
Lets start a movement to get this guy out. We want him OUT
In the past all presidents, of both parties would show compassion.  Only caring about yourself, you don't know the meaning of the word.
Mr. T - (@realDonaldTrump ) we need to launch a REAL investigation into the Vegas massacre. Shady ppl investigating themselves doesn't work.
Jesus do you have no empathy!!! These are Americans!! People have no clean water  the electric  grid is fried. Do you want them to die???
Your number one priority as POTUS should be to ensure every citizen of Puerto Rico has clean drinking water and food — nothing else matters.
Hey Mr Trump, did you know California is on fire? Did you know it caused the greatest # of deaths in CA history. Can you send help?
what kind of president acts like helping their OWN COUNTRY recover from a horrible natural disaster is such an inconvenience ????

Pls stop using 1st responders as a prop for your inane & inhumane policy stances.
...you are so rude to write P.R. instead of Puerto Rico! No words...
Shut up and get it done, Donald.  Many are still without food and water and basic necessities.  After 3 weeks, this is ridiculous.
Forever? It's been 3 wks. They're paid the same wherever they are. They're doing what they're paid for. Where would you rather have them??
Funny, what did you say your IQ is? Dotard! #DotardTrump #dotard #ImpeachTrump #Impeach45 #ImpeachTrumpNow #25th #TheResistance #resist
Why the hell not? Are we not still in Afghanistan? Iraq? Korea? Japan? Germany?
Um, FEMA helps communities sustain & rebuild for very long time. Years, really. How come, as President, you don't know this?

#sellPuertoRico
No but you can keep them there until the island recovers. You are the worst president in the history of our country. Shameful&embarrassing.
@realDonaldTrump No shit Sherlock #TheyHaveToStayThereToHelpThePeopleOfPuertoRico
Any person would know that.
I cannot believe EVEN YOU would tweet this!! What if YOU or your family were in P.R.?!

You’re going to abandon them when they need help? How dare you believe their lives are not just as equal if not more important than yours.
OK you are right
You are certifiable #AgentOrange ~ Unbelievably inhumane. BUT, Maaaaa-Largo is taken care of! Golf Fees paid. Flights to wherever!! Pitiful
Hey Trump, what did the President of the Virgin Islands say?!? #Cantmakethisstuffup #Hilarious
@dare_tofly
This man came to PR to make fun of us and criticize us with an eye of racial superiority. PEOPLE ARE DYING!We need HELP!Not this racist shit
I will say it again n again:"TRUMP IS A DISGRACE TO THE HUMAN RACE"....IMPEACH NOWWWWW, B4 ITS TOO LATE 4 US ALLLL.......PLZ....
you really are a racist piece of garbage and the biggest liar and worst president in history.... sad.. LOL asshole
Puerto Rico deserves senators! Or independence, anything else is injustice.
“Forever” !?

It’s been one month. 

One horrible, grueling month.

Your job is to serve the American people.
Republicans' budget CUTS Medicaid by millions, along with many other cuts to good programs! 80 percent tax breaks go to rich, corporations.
US invaded, took over Puerto Rico initially. Since, we have done everything(ex.: Jones Act, treating them differently from states) to hurt!
How about until their job is done?  Shouldn't take forever.
I bet you a billion dollars if you'd sent them IMMEDIATELY, things wouldn't have become so much worse than necessary.
Your attitude towards #PuertoRico is patronizing. Did you talk to Houston or Florida like that? Didn't think so. Check yourself, please.
The United States gives hundreds of billions of dollars in foreign aid to other countries annually but can't help a US terrority?!!!!??
If we can keep troops in Afghanistan & Iraq for years... we can keep FEMA, The Military & whoever else is needed for as long as it takes!
NOT FAKE NEWS
Maybe you should be helping the American people there more than you are! @Bethenny is doing more for them.
THATS LITERALLY FEMAS JOB THO
really?
And we can’t keep you as “President” for 4 years
Why not? Show your love you can afford it. Since you can do everything you want!
You need to help the American citizens when a natural disaster comes ! Until it's rebuilt
It's important to know the warning signs of dementia. If you or a loved one is suffering, there is help.
We don't NEED to--just until they are no longer needed! Now--how about #Iraq?
People of America listen not to his words; and endless litany; judge him on what loves to do daily - to DESTROY LIVES and Disrupt the World.
Builder. He is a Destroyer and Disruptor .
How long was FEMA in New Orleans after Katrina? Let me help ya here ... YEARS not weeks.
THEYRE AMERICANS!! THEYRE AMERICAN CITIZENS! Did you feel the same way about Texas and Florida??
Sure, you simply can't imagine how badly destroyed is #PuertoRico. Looks like it's been carpet-bombed. Most basic necessities lacking!
3 weeks = forever?  Can they stay long enough to establish recovery efforts-They are still assessing? Fast food nation for disasters. Geesh
Dear POTUS
WTF NOT? Call everybody back from the 7 nations we are bombing for CorpProfits of WarProfiteers Put em to GOOD use
Under the most difficult circumstances? Check out the circumstances! See how long U can survive with a paper towel? Can you eat or drink it?
Sure you can. We still have troops in Germany from WWII. #stopthatlying
Does that same logic apply to the homeless whites in the OC area of Cali? Or are you only willing to help the economically advantaged ones?
FOREVER? Hurricane Maria struck PR 9/20/17. FEMA's been in PR 2 weeks. Meanwhile Hurricane Trump Family wreak havoc on our planet #FUTrump
#SomosUnaVoz & we will remember on Election Day #OneVoice
Angry
Maybe the President of Puerto Rico should step up? Or that sorry ass President of the Virgin Islands- am I right?
What was Americans Thinking, voting for You.. You are no PRESIDENT OF THE PEOPLE.
Im with PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP ALL THE WAY
Whitefish is backed by a private equity, HBC, which  is headed by Joe Colonnetta, a major donor to the President Trump's  election campaign.
When they are throwing the food away we sent them! SICK
They are people! American that you claim you care about but we haven’t seen that yet. #Foodnotpapertowels
Your kidding right
Open up Mar-a-Lago to the victims of the Hurricanes so they can have food and safe drinking water. That would save lives.
These are Americans! You didn't punish Houston for bad infrastructure so why is this okay?
I agreed for your impeachment. You suck as a leader and a human. You have no morals. May lightning strike you while you golf
yep  so true      Americans need help too
Fuck you. Youre talking about American citizens you dimwitted deranged animal.
You're a joke
@PSaveusa Please don't ship them in to FLA. Turn the state into another P.R.
The people there should rebuild. FEMA can teach them
Could we not boycott TRUMP
Female seems to be an imaginary friend since KATRINA.
|| The People of Puerto Rico need to rid themselves of that phoney POS Mayor and Gang of Trash that's dumping on them.
You are an embarrassment to the thinking people of the world! Do everyone a favor and resign!!
Force the ricans to stay and rebuild their 3rd world island
We need to fix it for sure
#persiangulf
Are you fucking serious?!? You are so incredibly unfit to lead this nation.
You do realize PR's ARE US citizens, right??  You're embarrassing. Disgraceful. Inept.
#civiliandisastercorp
Who might be starting The fires California.
They are American citizens... You should have a chat with their President, probably be the the biggest meeting ever... #Yuuggeee
But we can keep troops in Afghanistan forever?
What the hell is wrong with you? They're US citizens. Would you be saying this if it was FL or TX? No you would not. You're disgusting.
You are heartless. You have an obligation to take care of American citizens.
We can keep them until they recover. That's their job stupid. You are Puerto Ricos President so for your job and help them recover.
Can you believe what would happen if this clown drags us to a war???  Our entire army at his mercy and judgment of difficult circumstances
Carmen Yulin Cruz..REALLY! Her SOS was interceded by a MAYDAY MAYDAY which lead to the involvement of the FBI to investigated her and her..
What do you mean? It sounds as if you're irritated with them? This is not fake news. This is someone asking you to clarify the context.
I honestly read this out of context+thought this was about your poor #PublicRelations team... #PuertoRicoRelief #StrongerTogether
Another words you are telling the people of PR to Drop Dead Trump. All because you think all Hispanics are worthless. Trump is not a
This is shameful and embarrassing to see. They are American citizens who need help. This Twitter should be deactivated.
Deuteronomy 31:6
#PuertoRico
Translation of POTUS' Oct 12 message to Puerto Rico: GET YOUR ACT TOGETHER! Who disagrees with that? Only the leftist,dishonest media! #MAGA
Yeah! I mean it's not Afghanistan.
Your attitude & response to The crisis in Puerto Rico disgusts me!
Karma Dude Karma!



Gotta get ‘em back to Mira Lago, ASAP, the greens are getting really slow.
FEMA is still in Louisiana and Katrina was 11 YEARS ago! True story, you bigot.
No, it's the unhinged, corrupt degenerate in the Office of the President that we can't keep forever. You won't make it to New Year's.
ihy
Dork
Why don't you just admit you hate us Puertoricans & that you're a racist president!
absolutely disgusted! and yet only 8 days after Sandy hit you said -
thanks,Potus T. for relief to the Island of P.R. although there are some not deserve that rewarding help.God bless u 2 each of our Congress.
Puerto Rico and is all aim at Trump and the US citizens people. We are been accuse of not doing anything or enough according to Mayor .....
Disgusting
Not forever, you heartless, gutless dumb fuck. Just long enough to get them back on their feet. They can finish the rest.
@CarmenYulinCruz Interesting you feel obliged to nip the handS helping you by insulting our POTUS. EXACTLY what does PR do for US insofar as $ contributions? Trades? Not right to feel entitled to US working folks $. Preparations for disasterS are being proactive.
YOU ARE SO RIGHT MR TRUMP. THEY NEED TO HELP THEM SELVES!!
probably because you don't value them as worthy, shame on you no heart
there is something wrong with you.
I am terribly ashamed that your main focus is to “Make America Great Again” when you treat Puertorricans WHO ARE AMERICAN CITIZENS with such hypocrisy, who have fought your wars, America has exploited our island, the least you could do is help rebuild  PR fully genuinely
Yeah. Because they don’t look like the rest of us
45....please be aware your triple chin resembles a 'camel toe'
But 45 took care to appropriate @ $200 million for his buddies at WHITEFISH
Why.Why.Why.
:)
I have to say,you can't control everything though you are the president of U.S..
Considering the people's social life:
,my husband was addictive to opiums based drugs, he got off with God and eating Cannibis!  I know it saved him,longer!PGFY
Va multimim si va uram sarbatori fericite cu bucrie  si celor dragi
Pacea este marele pas către adevarata Civilizație domnia voastră aveți privilegiul de a o înfăptui Ne bizuim or
Dacă ceva va vrea o schimbare globală atunci lumea va cădea  in haos
you are so  unpresidential. You could take lessons  from Presidents Clinton and Obama on what a real President does for citizens in crisis. Please resign and soon.
I thank heaven that you won't be president forever you sorry excuse for a human being.
you suck and you have got to go!
Where's the aid to California fires?? Your all talk and No action
well duh.
YOU caused some of it. Open up their ports and let them vote. Coward
That's the job of FEMA. OK for TX and FL but not Puerto Rico or Calofornia? Why? Not enough of your supporters your there?

