After witnessing first hand the horror & devastation caused by Hurricane Harvey,my heart goes out even more so to the gr...
Well we sure know where his priorities were.......!!

we have a fool for a president
LIES...you have no heart!
Great idea! Put lineman that are finished in Florida on a NAVY ship and send them to Puerto Rico-light their world!  #TrumpHero Red Cape!
I love the way everyone can accuse Trump but NO ONE can show any proof AT ALL.
BTW.. You are doing a GREAT job even all the bull from the left.
Razor wire on that fence with the fence top leaning our way.
Daca.. If you work you stay. If you are a criminal or on welfare you go.
What heart?
denying climate change means GOP doesn't have to spend $$$ to fix problem! Convert to solar for one.
Mr. President. Ask V.P. Pence if he will show you his apartment at S4, 15 miles from area 51 propper. TELL THE PUBLIC THE TRUTH!!!
lol remember that time your dad said he witnessed first hand the horror & devastation of Harvey?
Grazie
Crowd size = penis size. Tiny crowds...
then crack down on those looting fucks
[#DKIPoem] 
My compassion is typically a novice cliche.
Perhaps, reality is different, without the TV in the way.
#DidntKnowItPoets
24O98
Thanks for your help Mr @POTUS  No amnesty for DACA, PLEASE
I agree with you....it is just horrible what they are going thru..... my heart goes out to these people..... so-so sad.....
Keep doing what you're doing and ignore the ignorance your surrounded by!  You have more support then anyone wants to accept!

Thank you Sir! God bless you, and God bless Texas! And Louisiana!
I can't believe that ppl have somuch hate 2ward u! I love u and I keep praying the things U want get done ! U have a block button use it !!!
We in the UK are with you
You have told us all you watch more tv than anyone, still shocked huh? Lol
Another escapee from the pseudologia fantastica and mythomania ward! We have a nice white coat for you!
Liar! You didn't go anywhere near the devastation! You crudely used our pain to hold a campaign rally. Came back only when media shamed you!
Stupid is as stupid does no one is fooled by lies
My
BLOTUS
With Mr President @ NRG Center
Thank you President Trump. Thank all the Texas and those from other states that have helped. It is time for us to pull together as a country
It's now #climatechange in your agenda???
Bless you and your family. Don't worry about the media they are idiots.
What heart?
they don't need your heart, they need policy that will counteract climate change. #ClimateChangeIsReal
You don't have a heart, how could it??
there must be an evaluation over whats going on with the climate
We have this new climate everywhere when annual rainfall comes in one day
Even the Dreamers?  Does your heart go out to them?  Oh yah..... nevermind.
Prayers and thoughts to them...@ http://kiliedutravel.com 
How about you do something and help them then
A cold black heart
Here in San Diego, we have an emergency with increasing homeless population. Hepatitis A outbreak amongst mainly homeless, dying on streets.
ترامپ کس 
Thanks Mr. President! Your immediate support for Texas is unparalleled. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
good job!
#HarveyRecovery in Texas & Louisiana
Liar!
Yah seen your FAKE hug with that beautiful little girl.  You seemed like you didn't want to touch her.
You can't witness first-hand if you never went to Houston...which you hadn't when you tweedled this tweet, you twit.
You sure
A real horror? Look into mirror #DeportMelania
Your heart is absolutely worthless.
You had better get ready for Florida
When it comes down to it we ate one no matter who we are or we come from we ate Americans first!! Thank you for all you do
Bullshit!
Please you don't have a heart
@aseeger3 'Like chickens with our heads cut off, yet still clucking (Unbelieveable survival skills)!!
Thank you for caring!
Yeah right.....
But you don't have a heart
Liar
You have a heart? LMAO
All the more reason to have American's tax dollars used to support Americans. Let other countries pay for their own citizens, we are Broke!
Because they hate everything this country stands for...
I think u gave (SOLD) your heart to dickcheney bcuz u DON'T HAVE ONE.
Dreamers too? Pls export the Dreamers, the faster they go, the faster U go! We will bring them back. Orange Glo. Unhinged, unfit, unprofess.
Keep PETA away, they kill animals!

Thanks Govner appreciate your concern
Why must you lie about everything?  You witnessed about 1/2% firsthand only because the ground was wet somewhere you happened to  walk!
Stay strong for us
your what? do you mean your ass?
Think You Mr President. We love you and your caring is so wonderful. God Bless you

Thank you president Trump.
And now you deport some children! #brownkidsgohome  #MAWA #hesameanonemrgrinch #demspursdoe cowardlylyin #ivankapieceodat #bonespursagain
maybe time to put those flood regs you eliminated back in place?
You have a heart?
Need to forgive student loans to flood victims
Do you even have a heart? I think NOT!
What heart are you talking about?  We know you don't have one.
-_-
Put your money where your mouth is
 Donate that million dollars of your own money like you promised
First hand??? Wow!
Thanks for helping us
If you need some ass kickers to go handle N.Korea. I'll lace my boots up again.
Liar!
Melania's shoes were pristine WHITE!
Never entered a flood zone!
you say this after you tell them Congrats & good job.  You're a national embarassment.
Did you pack your golf clubs ?
Please consider strong economic action against China before war with the North
Liar

"EXCEPT...don't forget we plan to take money from FEMA to build THE WALL. Sorry about that folks."
Lie lie lie
But he did not witness first hand! He was on the golf course!
Nothing first hand about your witnessing in a closed room
You are an embarrassment to the country
Did you have to take it out of the safe and replace the piece of coal that sits in the place where your heart should be
But what about horror & devastation caused by POTUS ?
You made me very proud you are our president. You made me proud I voted for you.
You didn't see it FIRST HAND cuz you weren't in Houston or Rockport! Lies!!
Only, you didn't....
"First hand." Do you even know what words mean? I mean, we know you can't SPELL or READ, but really?
Thank you Sir we Americans pray with you... May Texas heal and rebuild swiftly.... MAGA
Lies. U meet with no victims nor the damage. Guess u had to correct that won't u? @donaldtrumpnice
do you have medical proof of your heart?
Chinese climate change hoax! FAKE NEWS! Screw Obama Disaster Prevention plans! Gut the EPA! Buy My Chinese Hat! What check?
LIAR! As usual UR lying! You went nowhere NEAR the devastation. AND you're lying about "personally" donating $1M sad LIAR!
Do you mean your Purple Heart?
Thanks for the help to the people suffering from the effects of the hurricane Mr. President
I hope the hurricane disaster has given the President an idea of portends of climate change, and will revise his anti-climate change views
After your second visit people had to tell you to have a heart you are so an imbecile I can't believe it and your 7 years old Obama comeback
Who is writing this for you?  It actually makes sense for a change!
Nope
First hand?  Is your definition of "first hand" different because of how tiny your hands are?
Liar
Thank you!  I am Texas proud.
Mr President  
My name is Vaughn  from WV. God has called you and  I'm proud that you are President. In his wisdom he picked the best man.
Big corporations are in your ear shot I know. But please don't forget the family's that are going backwards in pay because of insurance and
That Clinton girl is a scam artist when ppl gonna wake up and LOCK her up she's bled the US gobs $$$for years making her more than rich
Words mean things. Apparently you are unaware of their meanings.
What will you do about it!
PRAYING FOR ALL AFFECTED BY THIS HURRICANE

Almost a year since this moment-no special counsel, no justice has been served! We elected @POTUS to get something DONE! We DEMAND justice! 
You didn't witness anything you fake.
So you were there when it hit. Learn English since you have no idea what first-hand means. No alternative facts exist to explain this one.
You have a heart?? Why every move since inauguration has been to hurt avg/poor or our immigrants? Prove you have a heart. Don't end DACA
Prove it! Preserve #DACA
President Trump Sir,,, nothing is your fault regarding Texas,, people have to blame someone! I don't believe them!
Unfortunately you don't have a heart.
You didn't witness anything first hand.   And wouldn't have even gone down there if it wouldn't have been for the back last you caught
What heart? You are nothing but a #NarcissistPersonalityDisorder 
#obstructionofjustice
#TrumpCrimeFamily
#PutinPuppet
#ImpeachTrumpNow
After witnessing first hand the horrors of the Civil War, I got some popcorn at intermission and hoped Rhett & Scarlett OK.
Meanwhile, in Montana, the state has been declared a disaster area. Still not a blip on the MSM! PLEASE PRAY FOR RAIN FOR MONTANA! Thanks!!!
Just like your approval rating, eh?
Fake empathy from a fake president.  You will never measure up.
You didn't witness crap by standing on the edge yelling "what a crowd" out at people there. Jesus Christ! Have to say you did better today.
Sign up to Paris accords, you prevent 1,000 Harveys in future.

MONTANA NEEDS HELP TOO! WHERE IS THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT? WE NEED MORE RESOURCES TO FIGHT FIRES!
Some kind hearted aid wrote a nice little sound bite for him  
Shallow uncaring populist
What heart? Asking for a friend ...
bullshit, your first response is accurate  al else is media and politically driven  cabrón
Did not see you out there working like Pence, guess you couldn't walk that far with your bad health and a wife wearing stilts.
bull
resign already &take ur administration w U. #armarosadown. Have some  pride. U'v gotrecognition looks& shows no class
Enjoy! >>
#CaptionCompetition! 

Hurricane Harvey, General John Kelly, President Trump. FLOTUS Melania. #houston 
didn't hav2fak COMPASSION4 kkk&f.#armarosa  leave HBCU's alone witch.YRU tryn2force Nice Disgustus tRump down their throat?
Um, firsthand? That is to say you were knee deep in the flooded city, actually being useful? #DumpTrump #MakeAmericaEnlightened
2da u want2go back&pretend. Did Kelly mak u tak a acting class2 fak compassion. U had real compassion4KKK&FRIENDS.
...and the Grinch's heart grew ten times biglier that day.
yea yea yea. M&m Nicedisgustus was all abt u2 last visit. Fashion show&biggest storm, ppl n pain and u all over  an azz
What heart?
Your a phoney, you say what people want to hear. But you don't mean what you say, or care. So go lie to your followers who believe you.
Thank you for the leadership Mr. President.  Corrupt politicians & media oppose you but the American People are with you.
And Americans are watching them destroy themselves by trying to attack you.
You don't have a heart. Or a brain. You are two thirds of the Wizard of oz.
Yeah right you witnessed nothing
Fake
