You're ticking all the boxes of a rising fascist tyrant, Cheetolini. You've violated your oath of office since day one.
The Declaration of Independence clearly defines your unfitness for office.
Even the ancient Romans understood the destruction someone like you could cause to a country.
There's no place for a demagogue in our constitutional republic nor 4 a president who violates the principles of democracy.
U don't get to define what is truth especially since your definition of truth is anything but. The free press is for the /1
benefit of the people to hold truth to power&protected under the 1st Amendment. The free press isn't your personal PR firm.
Those who wrap themselves in the flag while violating Constitutional rights are fascist imposters, not patriots.

OBAMA SEALED HIS LIFE! 

He was in public position/paid with USA taxpayer funds - WethePpl have right 2 know what hes hiding & why. Release records NOW! https://twitter.com/trumpsterMG/status/917972456496943108 …
We all know Michelle is a "Tranny"  but who killed Joan Rivers? https://twitter.com/trumpsterMG/status/914514286852104192/video/1 … .

WATCH: NYTimes Editor Admits he and the Paper are a STOOGE FOR THE DEEP STATE -- Says they want to "Destroy @realDonaldTrump's Businesses" 

Obama really is the greatest hoax perpetrated on America! 
How sweet...college sweeties
Government deep state hides Motive
HERE IS KILLERS MOTIVE!! ITS HIM
He worked for NASA  HE'S wearing a Nasa shirt.

At what point is it appropriate? When you're Hitler and want to destroy the freedoms and rights that Americans cherish.
Are you American? Destruction of the free press and media is not an American thing to do. Waiting for your answer.
Do you really think patriotic Americans will let you destroy what makes America great? Think again.
You must step down voluntarily or be impeached and removed from office.
You're a cancer on our great country.
Is your master Putin instructing you on how to destroy my country?
Resign now before you commit further damage to America.
Hey News View you talk to much! 8 tweets to get no common sense point across. Go figure
Challenge their license - u mean the 1st amendment? Your sworn duty is to protect the constitution not to challenge it. #UnfitToBePresident
He still hasn't read his job description.
He still hasn't read the Constitution
True. Maybe he can read a speech from a prompter, but what's his comprehension on the 3 sentences he reads per day?
He tells us with every tweet. You can tell what channel that man watches from his tweets.  LMAO
Well it’s certainly not Sesame Street; he’d be smarter and able to spell by now
With the totally fake presidency, at what point will the @GOP pull their heads out of their asses and impeach the fake president??
While Puerto Rico is floundering, president golf ball here is attacking everything from athletes to news agencies! Bad for the country!
President Golf Ball forgot his meds today, sorry America!
Donald Trump threatens to shut down NBC and other TV news networks that criticise him 
Should've READ the Constitution first then would know he can't do whatever he wants #Limits2PresidentsPower
He would not understand it.
Too many bigly words!
Dear Mr. president 
Please block these nasty evil commie traitor trolls

Their posts don't even make any sense
Ever notice how the libtards trolls can't even debate any actual issues

They just toss 2nd grade insults and run away
The twitter picture award of the day goes to .....

Drum roll please
This one of the NFL publicity ho's

Selling out our flag for publicity
And then 
After their hideous actions

the dems actually wonder why are dems turning republican by the thousands daily ?
Is that why Trump lost the popular vote or is that fake news.
If you did real fact checking Trump didn't lose popular vote once illegal votes thrown out.
this is hilarious, please link your factchecking
And here is the mandatory Hillary attack to deflect from Trump's stupidity.
THIS IS EVIL. I VOTED FOR YOU, BUT NOT TO BE A MAGNANIMOUS DICTATOR. WE KNEW YOU DON'T KNOW CONSERVATISM. JUST DO YOUR JOB.
You know he literally *can’t* do the job, right?
ROFL... Summer 2007, DOW at $17K, Nov 2016, DOW at $18K. Now DOW at $23K. Last qtr, GDP at 3.2%. You not mathematically inclined, snowflake?
Tell me one thing Trump did that increased the DJIA. Aside from coasting on Obama's momentum.
ROFL, and SMH. You prolly DON'T KNOW what a "regulation" is. Nor it's effect on business. To list those reversed would be a waste of time.
I DOUBT that THIS: "Record Regulatory Low Hit in First 6 Months of 2017" on http://NFIB.COM  would mean ANYTHING TO SOMEONE LIKE YOU.
Nfib=small businesses, which has nothing to do with the companies included in the DJIA. That's what it means to someone LIKE ME.
DA Cy Vance : #NYC Manhattan District Attorney taking questions on Trump and Weinstein cases live on @CNN
NY District Atty : Talks sex abuse cases of Trump and Weinstein #ImpeachTrump
#CONGRESS Do Your job! @Morning_Joe Impeach Trump Now! @MSNBC Freedom Of The Press
A president should be talking abt  helping victims from Puerto Rico,Texas,Florida hurricanes,California fires,Las Vegas shooting
this is fascism...
Why does all of his tweets look like the sentences aren't supposed to be together, like he's just putting whatever his small brain can think
you see Briana. He thinks. That using a, lot of! Punctuation. Really? Makes his point; look smart.
This is literally the purpose of the 1st amendment, prevent the government from limiting free speech
Doesn't the #President take an oath to uphold the #Constitution? #askingforamerica
Trump called for the death of five innocent men in the 90s and became president. Just sayin'.
Did you hear? Trump wants to revoke licenses of news organizations that spew #FakeNews. #RIPFoxNews
Then we’ll revoke his mandate because he’s a fake president.  Turnabout is fair play.
Mandate? What mandate? He never won a mandate, he lost the popular vote.
But he didn't win a mandate...
You are a shame for the United States, its values and its history.
Eso!!!!!  and a shame for the entire world!!
1/2There is a simple motive behind President Trump's FAKE NEWS narrative, and it is based on dictatorship ideologies.
using it to prepare his base for evidence of Russian collusion -- To discredit our intelligence agencies, the court system and Constitution.
Do you pick nouns at Random to Capitalize?
Also “quotes”. Quotes at random are very IMPORTANT.
Sad day when the United States joins repressive governments that vilify the press instead of protecting their freedom. #FreeSpeech
Long overdue! Time to challenge all of the #FakeNews licenses. Do it
Yes! Do it! Sick of their “license” to lie!
Yes Fox News, Briebart and Infowars should definitely not be allowed to push the propaganda bs they have been spouting for years.

drumpf will never recover
At what point is it appropriate to kick your fat orange ugly ass out of the White House? Nothing is worse for our country than U.
Congress shall make no law prohibiting the free exercise or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press.
@BrianZahnd and @realDonaldTrump Too bad having at least a high school understanding of the Constitution isn't a requirement to be president
Easy: NEVER, you tiny-handed, tiny-brained, narcissistic, insecure dictator wanna-be. Grow a skin like every other President & live with it
says the man with a fake tan, fake hair color, fake "wealth", & such a complex about his tiny dick that he thinks he's a russian czar. LOSER
VERY BAD for the Country!! We expect them to DELIVER REAL NEWS, Not #FakeNews.. and AVOIDING Truths i.e., #RadicalIslamicTerrorism Attacks
As POTUS has suggested it is time that licensing is pulled on MSM that do not report factual news. Anonymous does not amount to facts.
they refuse to call out "radical islamic terrorism" <<- THAT alone, is Dangerous ... for US
They still see ISIS as JVs. The real threat, in their twisted world, is the NRA.
Dumber than a bag of rocks!
Exactly! Though, in a battle of wits, my money is on the bag of rocks LOL
I wonder how many of these likes come from Trump's fake bot followers?
Start reporting them. I am, I got one's account suspended. I also report Trump when he says abusive crude things about anyone. #Resist45

This may be democracies brightest moment. You may have just awakened a sleeping giant you fool. Bye! #trump
They're more sinister than the label #FakeNews. They are propaganda outlets pushing a Leftist agenda. Should call them the #Enemedia.
#Enemedia it is.
there is literally no fake news about you. the truth is considerably worse than what gets reported & everybody knows it. fyi.
This is in fact an impeachable event & you can't erase it or delete it now
Step-by-step,,,,,
And now I'm an Minem fan. Didn't see that coming. 

>>
I'm officially retiring "Don the con" for "Donald the bitch."
No @realDonaldTrump, what's bad for US is @POTUS who doesn't know #FreePress is in 1st Amendment. It's only 45 words. Even you can read it.
SHUT UUUUUUUUUUUUHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHPPPP!!!!!!!
What is bad for the country is a president who stomps all over our constitutional right to freedom of the press.

Did you forgot #Chavez and #Maduro ?
Did you forget @BarackObama also discredited the news? 
Cite your source...
See the great thing about all the info that's stored on the internet is all you have to do is type on the search bar and then read 
Send a link to an actual story. For example...
He is actually telling the truth the news media has turned into a joke ALL OF THEM!! Alot of the presidents have criticized media look it UP
#WednesdayWisdom
REMEMBER PUERTO RICO  
REMEMBER PUERTO RICO  
REMEMBER PUERTO RICO  REMEMBER PUERTO RICO  
REMEMBER PUERTO RICO  

¡PUÑETA!
Its called freedom of press U ignorant orange pile of shit
It isn't. And you are bad for the country.
#25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment @gop @potus

you are amazingly stupid
Heading straight towards that dictatorship role, Donnie?
Maybe we're already there...
Did you know there's a blue state on fire?
Fake News was officially out of control November 8, 2016 but it's been going on well before that when morons challenged obamas birth cert.
emphasis, it’s CapsLockLite
seems like an okay way to express yourself more explicitly, are you being a grammar NAZI?
I guess the news is right, us white males are all nazis
Too far
Who decides what's defamation or not? I don't want any govt entity controlling information.  Dems or repubs.
This gets into what "the airwaves" are. Most ppl don't watch airwave broadcast anymore, so the issue is relatively moot.
"Pulling their license" isn't silencing them - it's taking away the portion of the broadcast spectrum they occupy.
Maybe.  But the sentiment behind it is government restriction of the press.  I don't want that.  I didn't like when Obama spied on press.
There are no federal libel laws.  Very high bar to sue based on libel.  This isn't England.  We can say what we want.
That's Donald Trump, not Harvey Weinstein
the Media reports FACTS not Fake News. These FACTS are checked & dbl checked. The Media holds ppl accountable.
At what point do we impeach a POTUS who is quite clearly suffering from delusions of grandeur and a severe mental illness? @realDonaldTrump
Unhappy with MSM Lies, Half Truths, and Fake News???  Only one person can fix it. FCC Chairman Ajit Pai @AjitPaiFCC
Ooh the first steps towards fascism? America just keeps getting better and better
lol calm down abram
the joke was that it was hyperbolic, but also not completely untrue 
Nah kid u bigot bro Xd 
got eem xd
@realDonaldTrump should have his twitter license withdrawn.
With all the fake news and disinformation coming out of you, when is it okay to start impeachment or mental illness exam?
He'll probably outdo himself in a couple of days.
Not even a couple.
Trump says he met with the "president of the Virgin Islands." 

*cough* he is the president of the Virgin islands,…
Is the #25thAmendment fake Don?
You need to read the constitution @POTUS .  I voted for you so pls make well thought out comments & stop going off the cuff on twitter.
You're bad for country... thanks for making us a worldwide joke.
With  President who incessantly lies on Twitter, lies that are obvious and easily debunked, maybe people should look at what the hell is wrong is wrong with him.
You are bad for the country!! You are equal in the word of Dictators! This is AMERICA a democracy!stop your insane behavior! We resist you!
That wall is not building itself. It is never going to get done with you hanging out on twitter all day #justsayin
@Traitor, You are a fake president & draft dodger, who faked injuries to avoid the draft. Now you are concerned with patriotism?
You were the worst thing that’s ever happened to our country!
They should If this is a real world?
Your right!
I voted for you, but stand against communist tactics! Read The Federalist Papers and Anti Federalist Papers, and honor your Oath!
#tcot
45 doesn't have the mental capacity to read anything more then 140 characters. 
Soon...
Very soon. The People deserve truth and integrity in journalism, not propaganda. 

#MAGA!!
Seditious hacks DESTROYED  US Free Press. Break libel & sedition laws 24/7 - enemy of the people? THE SHOE FITS. #MAGA
That is a true statement, "Bad for country!". You and #Putin are bad for the US, and the world.
Read the first amendment which the Founding Fathers wisely wrote to prevent tyrants like yourself from taking away freedom of the press.
You haven't really read up on that whole "First Amendment" thing have you. I know it's been awhile since high school civics but -damn, dude.
Why do you talk like a caveman sometimes lol
relying on falsehoods from daddy daycare getting old
Its a discrace isnt it!! All media should first be vetted by the countries dictator! As in any free speaking nation.
At no point is it appropriate especially for occupants of the White House. You ARE bad for country. #FirstAmendment  #Sad.
#25thAmendment #25thAmendment
How can you not see that this is the language of a dictator? If you support the constitution, you support the free press. Otherwise, RESIGN.
You're bad for the country.
FAKE president*
#25thAmendment

Wanting to get rid of the opposing media, hmmm.. sounds familiar
Omg DruMpF is LitErAlLy HiTleR!!!!!!!!! I play games on the internet that makes me a historian and a political expert REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
REEE, I HAVE NO POLITICAL KNAWLEDGE AND STILL IM ALLOWED TO VOTE ON THE FUTURE OF THE COUNTRY, REEEE

- you
Omg you got me, just because i disagree with you i literally dont know anything, i like the reeee tho, very nice
Best REE
For real tho, just because i make videos on videogames, doesn't make my toughts less valid 

(c)
Just like any idiot above 18 (or 21) is allowed to vote on the future of the country
What part of Freedom of the Press don’t you understand? They are free even to lie. Public will tune them out, free market will prevail.
The press is not free to lie. What about libel laws?
If you can make a case...go for it!
So we agree. A free press does not include lying.
If that were true, how does the MSM get away with all that #FakeNews?
MSM is abusing it's "unnamed sources," but very difficult to prove the malicious abuse.
Again, when is the last time you recall a sitting POTUS successfully pursuing a Slander or Libel case?
I can't. But that doesn't mean that libel is protected speech.
SPEAK THAT ETHER BRO. THIS CLOWN IS THE PENULTIMATE FAKE PRESIDENT AND HIS PRESIDENCY NEEDS TO BE CHALLENGED! NEVERTHELESS, HE'S A PUPPET FOR THE SECRET GOVERNMENT LIKE EVERY OTHER PRESIDENT CARRYING OUT THE NEW WORLD ORDER. 

YESSSSSS!! They need to be accountable 4 accuracy+ ALL redactions (of wrong info)should have to be in equivalent font size, color, placement
Agreed!
It is is unconstitutional
Never! Freedom of the Press. Constitution, 1st Amendment. You swore to uphold/protect it.
#Impeach #25AmendmentNow Whatever it takes...

We don’t do that in my country. Maybe you think you’re president of Turkey.
When you say something like this it’s no wonder people compare you to Hitler. If you had nothing to hide you wouldn’t worry about news orgs.
Mr. President, dictators muzzle the free press. Your comments undermine a fundamental tenant of democracy. Stop this now.
At what point is your narcissistic behavior grounds for impeachment?
Right Donald. Screw that First Amendment!  As a moron you are the perfect person to lead this movement. You go!
Have you ever actually read the Constitution? or taken a 6th grade civics class? 

I'll wait.
Good grief .... very Kremlin-like of you.  And you just don’t seem to get it.  You are begging for criticism
Impeachment
Have you had time to read the US Constitution yet mr #trump? This post suggests that you may be confusing the US law with those of #Nambia
You're bad for the country and the world
You're the king of fake news. When is someone going to challenge your license? BAD FOR COUNTRY.
Ok. Just keep Fox and you can spew your propaganda
When is it appropriate? Answer; Never. It's in the Constitution.
Just because you don't agree with reality doesn't mean it's wrong.
Just because it doesn't favor you doesn't make it fake news. You cannot revoke licenses. That's censorship and it is unfounded!
NEVER. THAT IS BEING A DICTATOR. FREEDOM OF THE PRESS IS IN THE FIRST AMENDMENT. LOOK IT UP, BUDDY.
Their license? What LICENSE?? You mean the First Amendment?? The Constitution is all they need, you dolt.  Please resign.
You are bad for the country 140 characters at a time
With all your fake presidenting at what point is it appropriate to impeach you? #25thAmendmentNow
Stop with the nonsense!
That plug should have been pulled before this abomination
Never...a free press is the cornerstone to Democracy.
#fakenews hypocrite
You're a real cunt aye?
Unfortunately they would have It called artistic license, we all know they spew nonsense time 2repeal Ocare 2cut taxes & build wall #maga
THIS
IS
NOT
NORMAL

Are you recanting the oath you took on January 20th to preserve, protect and defend the First Amendment? Asking for a nation friend.

you wanna talk about whTs bad for the country 
At what point should the American people challenge you legitimacy? You are VERY BAD for this country. #ImpeachTrump #Russia
No, you're bad for the country. Can we challenge your license, please?
This needs to happen I wish this meme was not fiction but real..
Talk about something IMPORTANT for once, fake president.
Yeah because history has so many good things to say about world leaders who shut down media outlets they dont like. Good plan!
You hear that fake news. You better wise up. We the people don't need your crap 
Seriously -- you want to keep lies as your own personal domain. Let me assure you, these news networks don't lie, fear no competition!

And what about all the fake news coming from you?

Mr. President,  Shouldn't Caroline Kennedy-Schlossberg have the opportunity to see the assassination files before the general public?
Thats what hitler did...
Why can’t they be sued? If they can do it! Make them prove the crap they say & when they can’t, prosecute them! Hit them in their wallets!
Once the media realized their hating wasn't working, they started telling lies citing 'unnamed sources'. 
1
Very bad for country is when democracy ends, Mr Trump!
Hey.Do you know Kris Wu ? His new single #DESERVE is so amazing.
You sir, are absolutely repugnant. If not removed from office, I fear your reign will spell the end of our Great Nation. I pity you.
Trump is bad for country.....
How many lies have you told to make yourself look good. At what point is it appropriate to challenge you!
First treason via Russia. Now treason via breaking the Constitution. Prison time for you soon, Chump the Useless.
#MoronInChief #MoronDon
How is it you don't know the constitution you swore to uphold. Asking for millions of Americans
But you screamed fake news about a birth certificate for years... "Not liking the news" does not equate to "Fake" - JACK ASS!
They don’t lie there are libel laws . freedom of speech. Remember the birther movement. You ran with that. Against the pres /It was false .
It's not fake news and you sound ridiculous - how many lies have you told since Jan. ?


RT if you agree it's time for the Administration to invoke the #25thAmendment-we will start RTing the hashtag once this is at 1,000 RTs 
Never is it appropriate to violate the Constitution.Never
I want to watch the Fakers squeal as you close a Federal Department or Three.  UnBloated is good.
You are bad for our country!
Bye Bye FOX.
First Ammendment.   Bad President.  #25ammendment now please
Wanna see the Left go bonkers?? Stop social media for a day and see them try to figure out how to make a story!!! #STFUdems
So you want to be a communist nation? You want to control what ppl hear and see. Did you even think about what you write?
Pot calling the kettle black much? Do you read the bullshit you tweet?!? I'm surprised your pants aren't LITERALLY ON FIRE! #fakepresident
What an ego! Do you think your opinion is the only one that matters? You have no humility. You are such a mama‘s boy! #RICO statutes arrest

