You mean telling bold face lies.
Getting ready for my big foreign trip. Will be strongly protecting American interests - that's what I like to do!...
these Trump supporters all say Russia is fake, but still believe all the fake news Russia fed them.  Amazing.
They talk about the "split" in our country.. There is a split.. Some Americans are so incredibly stupid , and others are resisting.
# Godspeed Mr @POTUS
U mean

Yes.your american all you doing while in office is protecting your interest. Your such a shame. And i voted for you.
You were warned. Repeatedly.
I wanted america to be strong again. And america to be like when my grandparents enjoyed this place.
I understand. Sadly, he played on those hopes and dreams for his own selfish desires. It's gross. 

Good luck!
Well can you tell Finastra third largest fintech company to stop outsourcing all US development jobs. DHS issue. US banking run by code not developed here
 Msg me for details
U mean trump interest don't u, I know who u are. I am a NYorker
Going to buy more BLOOD DIAMONDS for @FLOTUS
@POTUS PIG is so deplorable he has no conscience when it comes to illegal behavior
@GOP @NRSC
The only interests @POTUS PIG cares about are his own.  If he truly cared he wouldn't steal from tax payers & he wouldn't put USA at risk
And he do it GOOOOOD!
...if when you say "American" you really mean "Trump/Russian"...
Will you raise the Q's outstanding about which agencies actually perpetrated the 911 attacks. We know planes theories are blatantly untrue.
."I just fired #Comey. He was crazy, a real nut job," Trump reportedly said. "I faced great pressure because of Russia. That's taken off."
Let's hope they keep you
One thing to remember before you go......DON'T EMBARRASS US!!! Oops, to late. Just try not to on foreign soil.
You mean protecting your interests, right?
please don't come back
Donald, please don't feel you have to rush back. Some countries you're visiting would even grant you asylum with no future extradition.
A big boy trip?! Yaaay!!

Don't forget to pack your undies.
Those people were acting within their rights as citizens. If it bothers Turkey then close their embassy  b4 we drag them out for our kicks
Best way for you to do that? Resign!
President Trump has not committed a crime so keep your sarcasm bs to yourself you lefty retards
https://fanart.tv/fanart/tv/187071/clearart/an-idiot-abroad-4f87378be9342.png …
WATCH THIS VIDEO OF TRUMP GETTING TROLLED BY GARY NEVILLE

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0sGr8pUGnfg …
Then quit
Watching you twisting in the wind--that's what I like to do.
Did you Ronald .... ?
Good on you for speaking up..
and I hope this makes you a more careful voter

can I ask you WHY you did vote for him ?
Did not like Hillary and was tired of lying politicians. Trump lies more then all politicians combined. Just a bad choice
Thanks for owning up to it. Now let's all work together to educate the others and get him out.
What's amazing is you don't need to do anything. He is impeaching himself with his lies and big mouth.He might be doing it on purpose
have other people you know in person had a change of heart too ?
Yes, the more lies and contradictions he tells, the more supporters I know feel the same way I do or are very close to giving up on him
Ronald be aware how he'll make u petrified of his '20 opponent to keep ur vote. He's a master of fear
Whew!!! Let America Breath Again !!!!
http://senate.gov  and http://house.gov  find yours. GIVE'M HELL. CALL Make the bastard REPUBS STAND UP 4TRUMP!
Don't fuck it up!! But I'm sure you will!
"My big foreign trip"

Awww, is Donnie finally leaving the country? Jokes on you when they don't let you back in.
Or maybe you're just fleeing? It wouldn't be the first time you've run away from your problems & left those hurt to fend for themselves.
"Will be strongly protecting American interests - that's what I like to do!"

*Russian
You love protecting American interests, so I'm sure you'll call the Turkish ambassadors assaulting AMERICANS on OUR soil terrorism, right?!
I can't believe I'm saying this, but LET'S GET THIS TRAVEL BAN IMPLEMENTED 
Are you seriously just copying every move from Nixon's playbook? lmao at least for you, your supporters don't know history
Do you know what time it is, Donnie??? 
It's Mueller time. 
Who's ready for President Orrin Hatch to make America great again?! 
#Poll How successful will President Trump's international trip be??
You forgot this one.  Biggest embarrassment to the U.S. ever.
Helpful hint: It's not cool to say Towel-head or Chinaman anymore. Oh, & don't shit yourself. #Sad #TrumpRussia
. I thank you for caring and protecting us. Please do not appoint Joe Lieberman as FBI Director We do not need another dem
Mr. President all the American people really care about today is jobs, helathcare infrastructure, development, security crushing our enemies
Enjoy YOUR steak and ketchup! I hope the Powerpoint presentations mention YOU, and YOU are given frequent breaks in familiar surroundings.
Congrats Mr President you already make us very proud. May God bless you and help you everyday and always as you lead and rebuild our Nation.
calling Comey a 'nut job'!?  Yup, it takes one to know one.........
You are a True American Patriot as you go about mending, renewing, restoring old relationships, initiating new ones & showing strong ldrship
have a safe trip if just for my comfort keep your side arm with you we need you
Have a safe trip.
keep doing what you're doing,  President Trump. We're behind you all the way!
Wish I was going to Saudi Arabia with you. If that is where you are headed.
Good riddance, take the Slovenian Slut back too. Stay the fuck out of America you mother fucking pimp
Thank you & God Bless you President Trump!
Hope you studied very hard.



#SethRichMurder




.@realDonaldTrump 
1/We're a bit confused whether we're a democratic republic, a dictatorship, etc. If you figure it out, please let us know
2/You may've heard of a President named Richard Nixon who had legal, corruption, mental wellness difficulties. He wisely resigned in 1973.
3/Oddly, Trump emulated Nixon from long before he was "elected."
http://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/trump-inspired-by-nixon …

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/donald-trump-richard-nixon-rnc_us_578cda12e4b0fa896c3f2b2e …
4/Many post-election actions seem like Nixon 1972/1973 to many.

https://mobile.nytimes.com/2008/12/03/world/americas/03iht-nixon.1.18356903.html?smprod=nytcore&referer=&referer=&#8236 …;

https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/02/17/business/trump-calls-the-news-media-the-enemy-of-the-people.html?smprod=nytcore-iphone&smid=nytcore-iphone-share&_r=0&referer= …

https://twitter.com/thetylt/status/835327698322890752 …
5/All I posted was from February & before,but many more people now see greater similarities. If you figure any of it out, please let know.
6/He greatly admires a very racist President named Andrew Jackson & has made many comments that, well, you can see a few below & judge.
7/Although Pres. Trump wants to build a wall, maybe change immigration policies, thank you for hosting him. We the People welcome you to .
You sound like a goddamn child who used the "big toilet" for the first time, you stupid asshole.
REPORTED!
no one gives a shit
Doubt any actions will be taken, sure twitter agrees!!!
That's a lazy attitude.  Would you rather harassment & lies continue to be spread against Pres. Trump?  Everyone must speak out against it.
Don't bother arguing with these Trump haters.  They are too blinded by lies and hate.
Wow. Zero likes. It's almost like people don't agree with you.
@tomison61 @alorszT @myredcar @jonicox55  idk maybe you're right.  Anyone agree with me?
Like when peaceful protesters were beat up by Edrogan's body guards? Oh...you mean protect YOUR interests...got it
Yeah, Mr. Prez - you're responsible for every assault in DC!
(Ignore these fools, DJT. We're with you!)
#MAGA!
I LOVE YOU DONALD TRUMP
Oh look u have a gay friend
Aka "getting out of town to divert  media tsunami of real and actual bad news about my Russian, um, associations."
He should drain he swamp and Maxine Waters would dry up and shrivel away!!!
John, he just refilled it. Going abroad to line pockets of his reptilian extended family.  I think Don has a tail and scales.
Mike, you shock me at times, he is going to be a depicted as a great president in US history Look at all the wealthy pro politicians
Get out of the sun, John, making you loopy. He has zero discipline. You believe him over Comey? I got a bridge to sell you.
I have my sun hat on!!!! I am always going to side with President Trump. I voted for him and would do it again. You are too close to S.F.
And huge whopping lies are okay w you? I'm pretty sure myself and the masses will be on right side of history when he's bounced in a year.
Lies!!! Please it is Washington DC? What lies, Fake News is out of control and that is not a lie!
why are you selling guns to ISIS through Saudi Arabia? Where do you think they are getting their guns?
Anybody but Domald
Fake news
ignore stupid remarks President Trump! Be safe! Lots of love to you and your family!
According to you, "If you take the 5th, you must be guilty ".   Hummmmm
BULLSHIT...ya Traitor!!
Looking out for our best interest while you kiss ass in the country that funded and produced most of the 9-11 terrorists.  Bravo!
Barf
Enjoy your trip, Mr president
Look's like you are just trying to make a buck
yes you want to annex US into Russia
You're an idiot. You are the biggest danger to American interests right now. Resign & save us the hassle of impeaching you. #Resist
why are your supporters so VIOLENT? Could it be they realised their mistake & cant handle the truth??!!!
Excellent speech, Mr. President!  Very proud of you!
Don't forget to curtsey
Is that what you were doing when you were offering up confidential info to Russians...if so, stop.

#القمه_الاسلاميه_الامريكيه
الاسلام خاتمة الديانات ودين التسامح ومكه مهبط الوحي وفلسطين محور الحل ونهاية الصراعات
شكرا #سلمان_ترامب 
Hello how are you
Good on you! Just try not to declassify too many secrets!
So far you have shown nothing of value to America.
Liar. You just sold us out again.
unless of course that means clean air
And grab a few pussies along the way....but irs locker room ya know
Little Donald's First Big Foreign Trip. Sounds like a cute children's book.
Your budget does not protect the American people, Mr. Trump. So what exactly is "American interests"?
"That's what I like to do" (??!!!)  LOL
PLEASE don't come back!!!
"Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or stamina to be president." @realDonaldTrump, Jan 2, 2016
I thought you liked to "grab them by the pussy"
You have to make peace in your home first Mr. Trump!
You misspelled "my own"
U do?  So, THAT'S y u have had so many #products made in #China (putting #Americans it of #work ) +chose 2 #buy so much #Chinese #steel
What a putz!  Wrestling your way to the front of all NATO leaders with your arrogant, nasty attitude. How embarrassing! #presidentjackass
Agenda #1 don't embarrass America bigly. Agenda #2 let someone else speak for me to make #1 work.
KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!!
Whatch out for shooters
By selling Saudi's more weapons. Check
You're only protect your own interests. You're rolling the American people for every dime you can.
MR. President why are you cutting VA benefits to the Military Service members that fought for our Country?
You'll love coming home to impeachment
【青山繁晴】ｶｰﾙﾋﾞﾝｿﾝがが帰らない理由！北朝鮮の本当の思惑！
北朝鮮を壊滅させないで帰ったら共和党の支持率が下がる
このまま帰る訳には行かない核実験の機会を待っている
日本人を狙い韓国人は集団で半殺しの目に合わせて
代わる代わるレイプしそれをビデオ撮影し自慢げにネットで流して
いるのです。
私は絶対許せない！
これが本当の韓国なら渡航禁止させろ
危険情報を隠蔽
#NHK,#外務省 出せ！ https://twitter.com/ZeroLockHolmes/status/865915550790164480/photo/1pic.twitter.com/l0Sfxfswpc 
The only interest you care about are your own. #traitor #russianpuppet #putinscockholster #impeach #notmypresident
PROTECTING YOUR ASSETS IS THE ONLY THING YOU CARE ABOUT
Melania, you know your immigrant wife, just slapped away your hand that's how she treats the POTUS Speaks volumes in oh so many levels.
And bring alternative facts to the table, can't forget those.
I'm so happy you're meeting with pope.  I've been a big supporter of you but you've strayed left.
The only interest you want to protect are yours and RUSSIA'S for your best bud PUTIN.
Take America back Mr. President! 
They all love you, they just are chicken shit to admit it.
You mean Russian interests?
Wanna do something for America, how about resign. Obama did the job for 8 years without chaos, you can't even last a week without a scandal
Your bastardization of the English language is embarassing
We don't deserve you but I thank god for you
DONT COME BACK!
too bad your notably good at it
Can you protect us from the killing please.  More weapons = more deaths!
.   Trump, you're a LIAR, sorry, I DO NOT BELIEVE A WORD YOU SAY.
What did you do on the plane? Melanie slapped your hand away when you tried to hold hers at airport!
Thank you, Mr. President, for representing our country so well. We are very PROUD of you !!
The only thing trump protects is his own interest.  Good luck with everything as its gonna get harder the longer he stays in.
I am from bhutan and i love your way of being independent and straight forwardness. With live from bhutan.
you mean your interests, better yet Ivanka's interests, like she would know anything about working women, what a crock!
And the winning is in fact getting unwatchable.
Thank you for representing America first! Kissinger .." America doesn't have friends she has strategic allies"
did the Israelis ask WHY you chose to throw THEM under the bus when YOUR Russian leak got out? Talk about TRAITORS in WH!!?
What is a foreign trip? And a big foreign trip?
Seriously don't come back!
Strongly protecting our interest giving them billions for weapons is far from protecting our interest
What you like to do is promote/talk about yourself because you're an egotistical narcissist.  NO ONE CARES ABOUT YOU - especially Melania.
Hmm not sure how selling millions of dollars worth in weapons over there was exactly "protecting" American interests!!
LIAR!!!!!
Is Russia okay with it?  #PresidentCockHolder
You've already embarrassed us!
Can I ask? If you like to protect USA.than why do you let the Eakens Family pay for crimes in Oregon that state covers up?
goodluck
Heh heh heh heh heh. Heh hehh.

Don, strongly protecting your own personal interest $, is not what 3 million fewer voters voted for. You are a disgrace to USA. @MotherJones
For god sakes man taking English course. Mango Mussolini
Cary on!
REALLY? protecting your $$ is what you do, taking $$ from the rest of the world.
Don't lie. You only like protecting interests for the rich. That's why your dumb ass is making sure to cut funding for programs for the poor
people , you know  prayer to God/Jesus  changes  more than hot negativity   from both sides. Pray  more less empty  words
Trump still believes his lobbyist and russian-bound interests are "American" interests.
Wat u do is line ur pockets and collude with Russia while Americans choke on the lies and fabrications of u a ur cronies. U make me SICK
You and your family are in our prayers
You only want to bolster your name and con them too.
So we are going to make billions of dollars in weapons and sell them to Arabs? Is that the plan?
Gawd help us!!
European intellectual polit castes are willing to sacrifice their citizens on the altar of diversity >
but suspend Schengen for G7/G20 when their own safety is on the line. Please, Sir, knock some sense into _them_.
The Surprisingly Easy Way to Get Rid of Trump
You mean protecting your own intetest. Get out...bye! Dont let the door hit cha!
If you want to protect American interests, don't gut Medicaid, SSDI, the EPA and so much more you want to take away.
since when did you take an interest in America? All your crap is from China , ur tearing the govt apart, colluding w/ Russia.  #sellingusout
hug your wife tonight.
You mean your Own & Tillersons interest?
Excellent wording in your speech made in Saudi Arabia that highlighted "not a war of religions, but a war against extremism".  Well done :)
think about  orld peace anw you will be a huge president
Lol
Is that what you're calling it now...lol...just wait..the truth is coming.
yeah, and that's exactly why you go twerk in Riyadh. wtf is wrong with you, Danallll?
You mean, "protecting your own interest"....You are as un-American as they come! #trumpdictator #trumprussia #trumptreason #wakeupfollowers
Will be interesting to see what top secrets you share this time.
No you like to protect YOUR INTERESTS...that's what you like to do!
And you are doing it well!!!! #MAGA
Enough with this! Spread anarchy! #MAGA
Ummm no. You like hanging out with the Ruskis
And it shows!  Thank you again President Trump!   :D
as you armed the people who attacked us on 9/11/. They bomb their own people and the wealthy there are criminals...hmmm I guess you relate
The only thing you do is protect your own interests.  Oh, and Russia's.

We are proud if you and the First Lady!
Get as far away from rivals creating hysteria .. that's what Obama would do! But the media never saw it that way.
