The U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years (2016). GDP up only 1.6%. Trade deficits hurt the economy ve...


@realDonaldTrump keep up the good work.  Don't worry about the illiterates.  They don't understand the policies you want to complete.  The democrats would rather see the county destroyed than work with you.
Too bad #PresidentTrump doesn't understand basic remedial economic concepts. Sad.
Typical. Everytime America is run on dem economic policy THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS. Economic growth tanks. People suffer. Politicians get richer.
Pretty much Tom
You know it's true Hank.
Perhaps people were afraid you would get elected.
I'm confident USeconomy will turn around 2robust/healthy state-may take time, w/damage US endured ovr last 8+yrs/currentBarriers2 progress.
Well I guess if you take credit for jobs growth you have to take credit for failing here #youfucker
and so do you
RUSSIA/TRUMP-RUSSIA/TRUMP-RUSSIA/TRUMP-RUSSIA/TRUMP-RUSSIA/TRUMP-RUSSIA/TRUMP-RUSSIA/TRUMP-RUSSIA/TRUMP-RUSSIA/TRUMP-RUSSIA/TRUMP
First 100 Days:

-@GenFlynn resigns
-@jeffsessions recuses
-Trumpcare fails
-Mexico not paying
-Exec orders blocked
-#TrumpRussia

Winning!
Way to support your president
it's been screwed up for a very long time - you are our only hope
You know you get credit for that, but we're  waiting to hear you cry that it's Obama's fault #thanksobama
Yes, the better the economy status already, the slower the growth. Be grateful to have this handed to you - for free.
That was obama's intent.
You change your external affairs policy
Then your GDP will up
@SushmaSwaraj
@RanaAyyub
@sanjayuvacha
@ndtv
@TrumpandHitler
Getting into insane trade wars with every single country on the planet will fix that? Can we see your college transcript & Econ 101 grades?
Especially over milk
Not as much as you
Things you accomplished in 100 days, oh wait, never mind.
Dont worry about it Donald.  You're so busy saying "see you in court" that you forgot where you put all Flynn's employment papers.
Which is why,  when the House Committee into #TrumpRussia asked to see them your office refused
I mean, it's not like you're hiding anything, right?
Wait for 2017 ...
Nope you did.
How was the jobs report last month?
Step down and everything will be just fine

Trump Is a big Terrorist of World.
What hurts the economy is a spoiled bully 'president' with zero world knowledge and a passion for wasting time and money at Mar-a-Lago.
What about a first term Senator who is using a dead man's social security card as his own back in 2008?
U.S. recorded the worse presidential start in years, thanks to your ineptitude & no desire to even learn. You have hurt America very badly
You know nothing about economics. Stop spewing garbage to your base on twitter.
Joshua 1:8-9
This Book of the Law shall not depart from your mouth, but you shall meditate in it day and night, that [1/4]
try not to read the idiots below, keep growing our economy despite the snowflakes , there are more of us ....
But now we have someone looking out for US! Buy American! Hire American! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Admit- you have no idea what it all means

2016 was 5years long???
Spend less time golfing
Since offshoring is an obvious drain to GDP, maybe the Trump family could put their patriotism where their wallet is
Most of them don't have a father saying they're going all made in the US of A
Thank you @POTUS44
Pathetic
Stop Trolling the
What if Earth treated us the way we treat Earth? @ATTN
Countries Presidents visited by 100 Days

OBAMA
Mexico
Canada
Iraq
UK
France
Germany
Trinidad
Turkey
Czech.R

BUSH
Mexico
Canada

TRUMP
None
Apparently, perjury's now OK. Our lying, racist Attorney General says so. #100DaysOfShame
@DowChemical gave $1M to Trump's inauguration & wants to hide studies showing pesticides harm children's brains 
oh Don…. 
Is this not a universal trend? Except may be to India
Every POTUS since Eisenhower has tweeted a love letter to Russia on their 100th day in office. You should too!
Actually darling, YOU hurt the economy very badly. You're going to bankrupt America like you bankrupt your companies. Shitty ass president 
America have been bankrupt since 1930. It is living on borrowed time and money.
Well I guess then it's okay for Trump to spend $49 million in 100 days on his golf outing while pocketing some of it personally. Our taxes 
Pocketing some personally? That is a very strong accusation. Where is your evidence(s)?
Babe pls research it. He charges gov for him to use his own golf cart & stay at his own place. But that wouldn't change your mind about him
He's unlike other presidents he doesn't take a salary
Umm he does take a salary. He said he wouldnt but does. Read the monthly budget of federal spending. 130k to president trump acct.
And thats monthly.
POLL!!

Who will do better with the economy and handling money??

Vote below and RETWEET!
You called Russian spy Mike Flynn in the middle of the night to ask if a strong dollar or weak dollar was good. lol.
YOU KNOW NOTHING.
This is why we elected a businessman who understands job creation & economy. Looking forward to the tax break. Keep up the good work! #MAGA
I bet you ARE looking forward to that tax break, because right NOW, you're paying your fair share, won't have to under @POTUS
Over taxing small businesses is death to any economy. Tax and spend Liberals believe there is no bottom to the pot they use to buy votes.
And how exactly, is Dennis Michael Lynch a "small business"?
There are quite a few [millions] who would benefit tremendously from a break. Taxes/fines are regressive they affect poor more than the rich
Let's focus on what's important; did SkankyVanky like get any like selfies like with Angela Merkel like you know, that woulds be totes cool?
This whole GDP is boring, I wanna talk about SkankyVanky's Killer pumps, they are like Killer. The Chinese really buy them? Like seriously?
Is President Xi buying the pumps and will return them on July 4th saying "Manipulating currencies is for pussy's! I manipulate shoe sales"
March 2017 recorded the lowest monthly job growth in 60+ months. Down 50%. #ThanksTrump
Trade deficits aren't responsible for the slowdown in 2016 economic growth… it was simply a market correction preventing a larger crash.
…not to mention that your idea of trade deficits is completely wrong. They actually can HELP the economy, you fool.
It's amazing that someone with such a lack of understanding of basic economics was able to be elected President—a failure in our democracy…
Also, can we stop subsidizing welfare for Republican states? It's what they say they want + they're draining our economy…
Oh, and sanctuary cities in blue states are largely the ones subsidizing welfare in rural red states. Crazy, huh? #FactsMatter
Hey big guy, is this Obama's fault too? 

***cue Trump goons yelling "FAKE NEWS!"***
Coca-Cola is planning to cut 1,200 jobs after a big drop in sales and profits http://cnn.it/2oJKr0D  
Isn't it funny how Republicans in the House WANT Obamacare… but just for themselves, not anyone else?
Here's a live shot of you trying to pass illegal EO's.
You are the guy.
The deer is the judges.
#WednesdayWisdom
You know what would help the economy?
Not spending a million dollars a day on securing Trump Tower.
#WednesdayWisdom
Why is it that the economic growth is mainly in the blue states
and the red states are the greatest recipients of welfare?
#WednesdayWisdom
All this to try to deflect from Michael Flynn and you refusing to release his documents to Congress.
#TrumpRussia
#WednesdayWisdom
Ironic that #SanctuaryCities seem to be the cities that contribute the most to US GDP.
Is it ironic that these citys u talk abt are drowning in debt due to them ignoring immigration laws &allowing illegals2steal from taxpayers
So is having a fear-mongering reality TV star for a president
hey bot account, get over..he's the POTUS..live with it
No, I won't. Me and a lot of other people are going to #resist him every step of the way. Live with that.
Go ahead but you want win...We are going to fight back and their are more of us than they are of YOU and your resisters. Live with that
Sorry, no, you're short about 3 million by last count.
All multiple voters voted for trump.. all who were registered in many states are Trump supporters.. it's been all over the news
Look at all the places that got Hillary's vote and one wonders how she got so many votes..can u say illegally
:https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/857003489062465537 …
You should go after Al Sharpton for his back taxes and put that money towards the wall
Mexico doesn't let us rape him anymore. Lets get out of #NAFTA. This is a terrible deal!
Thanks for what you are doing. This is still O's economy until your policies take root. I am betting on and trusting in YOU.
It was the slowest quarter of growth since the first quarter of 2014.
this IS NOT YOUR doing! Everything you have done so far will need to be repaired in 2020!
No, its because people aren't spending, it has nothing to do with trade deficit.
Not as bad as you're going to screw it up
@POTUS What about the retired miners health benefit debacle? Did you forget your promises to help the miners? They seem to be on to your BS.
Terrible
So, you're taking credit for that, right? You took credit for improvements that happened under Obama, so this yours too.
Bullshit! Nobody believes you Donnie!
If our household taxes go up-spending goes down! Our family will cut what we put back into economy by DOUBLE of how much taxes when up.....
They just suddenly appeared in 2016 did they? Could the slow econemy be attributed to something else? Innovation & Competition #PulledATrump
You need to brush UP in your economics. Bigly> BADLY!!!
Maybe its cause you're president that we have had the slowest economic growth. If i were other countries, Id hate to trade with a cheeto too
Clean your GOP swamp!
You hurt too
Last time GDP WAS that low was 2009! Just google it!
You do understand that economic growth is not going to steadily increase year after year, don't you? There will be fluctuations.
@nycookie15 this is all Obama !  2016 suckie suckie suckie demrats; typical fermata !
Donald lies, again! His obsession with all things Obama distorts his world view and interferes with rational, sane thinking.
Mr. President, i voted for you and think you're doing a great job.
My Awesome President's job #1 is to fix this economy. (Making snowflakes soil their trousers is just extra credit work.)
Ordinary people prospering and becoming successful by having more money to spend or invest. That would be against the left and George Soros.
Key word GROWTH
So fix it and stop complaining about it. Your the president now, not a candidate. Less talky talky more make America great againy
YOU WERE INTERVIEWED AND SAID THAT YOU BELIEVED THE TOP 2% SHOULD PAY MORE IN TAXES.  WE'RE YOU LYING BADLY?
Liar
#NoFlyZone4Rojava
  
نعم لإقامة حظر جوي فوق روچ آفا .
Your tax plan will make it grow even more slowly.  Raising wages, and giving disposable income to the poorest makes the economy grow, dope.
Or maybe you're a lunatic and businesses are trying to consolidate capital against the impending depression you're creating?
Bless your heart, but no....I'm assuming you've never taken an economics course
And you are even worse for America #notmypresident
understand but on this taxes you are putting forward. What does it do for the disabled ?
Failed president trump might back out of NAFTA. He's gonna destroy US economy! MAKE AMERICA POOR AGAIN! US is heading for 3rd world status!
The liberal idiots replying negatives have no patience to see ur plan takes time.It took years b4 we saw OBAMA screwed up M.East,Ocare,...
YOUR FAULT!!!
Nope. All due to you. Time to own it. Lol
A Trump with his kindergarden and russian operatives are destroying the American economy and democracy. Impeach Vladimir Trump now
That's because the last guy was a mindless idealogue. He put leftist utopian world view ahead of economic reality Result=increased poverty
Tax the shit out of any imports that are not made in America its about time everything be made in America by America
Because of you, things WILL be MYCH better 
商人
Then why are you taking away from the poor to help the rich, and hurting women,children,elderly,&disabled?
Blame everyone but yourself
So this time you decided to put the blame on Trade Deficits, and not the Dems?? Hmm.. changing it up again for the fans, are you??
You are a fool who evidently doesn't know how to read.
Prove this assertion.
Didn't u just say the opposite? Flip, flop!
On your watch, huh?
As do you.

dk know  anything about  trade,  or  economic growth.   At least  Obama  had the economy  growing
Awesome in Harrisburg!
All because of you. How's it feel loser!
American Voters Trump and I say Trump is Not Our President He cheated and the American People will find out in due time. I wish he dies!
Everything that comes out of his big mouth is a lie after lie and another thing Obama was and still is The Best POTUS you will never be!
That's on you now... LOSER!
Obama's jalopy has blown engine!! #Economy
#MyWorstEmployeeTrump Someone run with this........
Well, that is just a tiny part of the equation. Economy is very, very complex. Sounds bites won't resolve the issue.
Communism will win
Not true. Trade deficit not up, and even if it were, that doesn't mean a lack of growth. Could indicate opposite.
To William the whiner. Get your facts straight before spewing hate. Don't be a cream puff.
Oboma was trying to crash the US economy he didn't care about AMERICAN ppl only illegals and muslem terrorist
I know you will negotiate better deals for our country.
Literally not how the economy works. They don't effect each other.
Very badly? Really?
Odd how it all started going downhill after you stole that election.
Thankful for you turning things around.
Trump you hurt this country bigly
Yet China is NOT a currency manipulator, NAFTA and other trade agreements stay in place, NATO stays our alley, corporate taxes cut.say what?
Turn to the back page of The Economist. We're in line or ahead of most other countries.
Right. As soon as you took office, the GDP tanked because everyone is stunned by how willfully stupid our president is.
Please don't have the federal govt pay insurance companies, it's not what our forefathers would have wanted.
Your temperament and incompetence scares people.
Stop taking so many trips to the "winter white house." It's costs too much taxpayer money.  And it's almost May.
You hurt us badly, u need a mental psych eval! #WorldwideEmbarrassment
Trade deficits aren't our problem. Low salaries, 1% not paying their fair share of taxes and off shoring their money. Those are our problems
Donald Trump hurts the economy very badly.  So SAD.
You hurt the economic growth.
I have faith in you. Keep plugging away.
WRONG!
This one is yours
#sonegative
no stop reading fake news
Let Obama school you to the game....
Look! I'm suddenly an Economist! I and only I understand EXACTLY what makes GDP fall and ONLY I can fix it! With my BIGLY brain!
Maybe, just maybe nobody wants to trade with us because *you're* the president.
You are incharge now, give people answers not whinging.
Very badly???? #wheredidugotoschool?  SAD!
Thanks to govt programs for agriculture that they know nothing about. USDA does not hire people with farm backgrounds anymore.
Why didn't they hurt the economy under OBAMA? Maybe because your policies hurt the economy?
WAR TALK and WAR MONGERING KILL ECONOMIES... Thanks Obama...
Please release your TAX RETURNS!
Hey thanks for fucking up the economy so quickly!
all the shit made in China, you know... The country that produces Trump garbage
Good God man! Resign and let America be great again!
Repeal DODD-FRANK & reinstate GLASS-STEAGALL.
Thanks to YOU
If only you understood what those words ment. But still...EMAILS, HILLARY, ELECTORAL COLLEGE! right buddy? Those things make you feel better
