Can you and will you condemn #FinsburyParkattack in #London in so much as you condemn this?
Unlikely. They were "only Muslims" after all. Plus a white guy was driving. You see a problem with that? Yeah. Me & millions of others too!
I know. But I wanna be on the right side of history on this one.. 
I think we Are on the right side of history. Sadly, it's a history that should not include Trump. I've never been so frightened for the US.
We in the UK have our own problems right now. But safe to say that the 1st world movement to the right is over. Not to say the populist
movement is over but it's swinging left for everyone else. We'll have to see where we go for here. 
We'll find out today if Trump is gonna do a state visit, unlikely tho, too unpopular here (ironically)
Always sad to hear the terrorist attacks in the UK.Trump travels to be praised,not booed,so probably won't come over.
Three Americans are being held in North Korea and Trump is silent.
What is Trump doing to help free these three Americans in North Korea? - Sweden helping to negotiate release of three Americans being held hostage in North Korea #NorthKorea #AMJoy #CNNSOTU http://hill.cm/MPNpeFt 
Otto died on your watch. you've done nothing the past 5 months except golf. you shld have got him back home. Obama got 10 back from N Korea.
Don't remind him of the 10 Obama got back! He'll try to find them & send them back to NK! He on a Destroy Everything Obama trip.
You're right, what happened to Otto should never have happened, and my deepest sympathies go out to Otto's family.
That notwithstanding I have to wonder why instead of denouncing the regime in North Korea, your video makes it all about Obama?
Guess 45 has to make nice with China or where will he make his shitty hats and Ivankas knock off shoes! #StopRespectingDictators
Jared & Ivanka are going there for a meeting. Maybe she needs more Trademark Approvals.
You just appointed n individual with no experience to oversee New York and NJ housing. Why?
Because she was a good wedding planner & has worked for the Trump clan for 9 years. Who needs qualifications in #Trumpworld?  
Keep quite in home. And sheare the good exemple.
Thank You
If only you had the slightest credibility to speak to Americans like you're honest, competent and give a fuck about anyone other than you.
But unfortunately he doesn't
Shut Up
~ Why are you so rude. Don't listen if you don't like what the President has to say. He is still OUR President.
On Twitter.
Do what you said,
If China won't then we will
NK needs to turn over other 3 American's. 
Then he needs to be removed!
Get American's out now
Long live  Mr Trump!! Kurdistan support you
By Andrew
Being a loose cannon who does not play by the rules the first thing I did was ignore the warning and smear this all over my knob
Obama left Otto Warmbier to die. Thank you, President Trump, for bringing our Americans home.
@BuzzFeed you realize this is how every zombie movie starts. Not making a joke. Very sorry for tragic loss. He just might be a zombie.

True however I know educated people who voted for Trump too. Dems need to unite NOW!
Good luck in your new one of 3 countries of California...that speaks for itself and for the hub of rainbows and black leather


Wait... Devin Nunes wears leather & farts rainbows?
Sure about that..he is married with 3 kids ..but he is a bit wishy washy about border security and illegal immigration. But California is packed full of people who want a 3 state separation which is good with the majority...keeps all of you containted.
Longing for the Andres Fault to give California it's longwaited shaken side into the beautiful Pacific ocean.
Took you long enough to say something but I still haven't seen where you were crying about our seven US sailors.. no tweets about that?
Attack Noth Korea
...and then what?
Pacify the region, the death of its dictator deliver this country from shit to china
Are you mourning your presidency?    Hopefully you will be gone soon.
#VoteYourOssoff  
#FlipThe6th 
#VoteOssoff 
That nuke finger is the proverbial itchy trigger finger, isn't it?
P.S. you can Google proverbial.
This is presidential.
No, it would have been had he said something the day it happened. Not a day later.
We need to restrict travel. Don't allow out snowflakes and Knuckleheads to go over there
The President of the United States is using Twitter to link to his Instagram account to show a video of him on Fox News.  This is bizarre
If only we, as a country could look in the mirror and fix the horrors we perpetrate before we start judging those of others.
Instead of just tweeting do something about it.  NK is rubbing your face in it.
Question to Trump Cultists: If Trump asked you to drink poison to join him for Eternal life, would you follow him and do it?
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 7 Months, 18 Minutes, and 49 Seconds
Once again thank you. You are the best bait for MAGA mouth breathers They start the 2020 BS & I block. He won't make it to end of 1st term.
When you say " it should have happened a lot sooner", that's on you. You've been the president since January, you had plenty of time.
Too bad for Otto you've wasted your time as president debating crowd sizes.
God Bless the USA...
and stop politicizing this - it has NOTHING to do w/ Obama and everything to do w/ crazy regime in NK.
N KOREA MUST PAY HELL FOR OTTO'S LIFE
Es algo muy terrible lo que hacen los norcoreanos a nuestros amigos.
Why in God's name Americans allowed travel to North Korea and a very uncertain fate. Same goes on travel to Iran.Are we some kind of stupid
Look at all these Christians condoning thievery.   WeU
Funny comment
Said your mom to you.
I wish this guy would grow a life and stop living vicariously through Trumps timeline. Sad & pathetic...really!
One day I pray you will find a job and a life that truly fulfils you.... you deserve more than this my friend..this is not a life.
There's this wonderful new invention called a Mobile Phone. This wonderful device allows you to stay connected while at your job! Amazing!
Do you work with him, how do you know he has a job?
MONTHS passed since the unmasking news and @AmbassadorRice has yet to testify. Instead, the GOP goes along with Dems on Russia.
If #TrumpRussia is so big that Obama's NSA/CIA/FBI/DHS heads testified why isn't his NSC head  @AmbassadorRice testifying?
GOP leaders are too stupid to grasp that the #TrumpRussia hype is an excuse by Obama Admin to justify its spying on/unmasking of @TeamTrump.
says the guy who was so toxic that he had to resign from NYGOP after just 8 days.  HAHAHAHAH!

POLL

Is obama to blame for the death of this student after doing nothing to get him back during his last year of president??

#retweet
Anyone voting yes should know N Korea has 3 more Americans in custody right now. Are you blaming Trump for not getting them back yet? Sad
Imagine that because they knew  his prognosis let him out for humanitarian  reasons Trump just  wants credit
The more likely reality is the North Koreans could no longer use him. dt always takes credit, including times he has nothing to do w/ it.
Exactly  trying  to feed his ego aka narcissism
That & trying to increase his wealth are his only raisons d'être.
Quietly,Evelyn and John  They can't sleep or rest until they do wrong or harm some innocent victim.   Pro 4
Good one, snowflake. 

Question: do bots get offended by "snowflake" or is there a better Russian word I should use that they'd understand?
Hey, you called Kim Jong Un a smart cookie, so shut up maybe? #maga
Is that supposed to make sense?
Yup. This also makes no sense.
Do you even English?
Well. You seem to do something. I'm not sure what though.
thank you
North Korea has detained a US citizen on suspicion ..He is the second US...since Trump came in office!
I am confident in your abilities to get North Korea under control. You are the only president with the ability to do so. Thank you Sir!
Are you for real right now? I can't !
100%
Omfg
The Obama administration failed Otto Warmbier.
Just one example of the magnitude of Obama's failure as a U.S. president.
Resign, fraud.
Not going to happen, you got another term to look forward to. Prepare your tears.
#mueller. You'll see
We will all see, & when he is done and the years have rolled by, he will have his place chiseled on Mount Rushmore for eternity. Believe it!
Thanks for the laugh.
No problem, spreading smiles is my mission. Anything to break this polarised hatred that each side seems to have.
Judging by your timeline, this is a deeply disingenuous tweet, Mark.
Retract that statement sir, how dare you?
Do not believe China and 2 Korea.
Why are Americans allowed to commit crimes overseas but foreigners can't commit crimes here? Tragic but US rights don't travel well.
Nice.
Thank you for caring so much about Otto unlike your predecessor.
first we need to get our captives out, if they are still alive. Otto's death must be avenged.
While the message is good, the one delivering the message needs to go.
What about the others detained there?  You took bows for Otto, where is everybody else?  If it's so easy they all should be home!  Fraud!
BS!!
I'm sorry but Ur invading Syria killing families daily & dare to make this statement
What happened demands a forceful response. Words condemning this act fall woefully short. We, America waits for your leadership on this.

So what are you going to do about it besides talk & tweets?
At least I can rest assured that Trump isn't in bed with nut case Kim Jung. Thank God for small favors.
Too bad you did not show this much compassion for the 7 sailors that we lost oh wait you did 2 days after
RESIGN
I'm sorry, I thought it would be 'an honor' to meet that psycho POS?
Do you even know this kid's name, met his family? Are other US nationals held in N. Korea? If so what r u doing to secure repatriation?
Why bring up Obama?  What is your problem.
That is a surprise! You have d ability to mourn for others? Really???? 
Yeah, that ain't gonna stop them sport.  Get a few dozen specop teams from US/UK and take out this tyrannical government once and for all.
When will the other 3 Americans be released?
But you're totally ok with dictators committing genocide in their countries?  Interesting.
Today otto warmbier,tomorrow me or more Americans ,they only respect strength,it's time we show force,cause they will get worse.
No more talk! Time to act!
Tiny hands tiny mind
NK is the enemy of the world
How about the brutality in the US by the police? Killing an innocence man in front of his girlfriend and children. Due to racial profiling.

Talk talk talk in a few weeks all will be forgotten politicians will always tell you what you want to hear and do nothing about it
Where's your condemnation of the New Jersey jail where Jawara McIntosh is in a coma?
Mind boggling how people can dismiss real facts and stay on conspiracy theories. Blaming GOP for Trump's problems is laughable.
So...you have the others held hostage set up for a return to the US? Like today?
Once again I condemn potus who is pussy grabber, baby rapist, adulterer, liar, racist, fat and orange (got well over the 270 lbs he  needed)
滚犊子
North Korea has been walking over the U.S. too Long it's time to take action before it's to late.
You can bet they used an affective means of torture that even the cia uses, water torture. Leaves no marks and can deprive brain of oxygen.
What are you doing to get the 2 Americans out that have been captured by NK during your admin? They still have not been returned.
So what are you doing about the other two Americans imprisoned over there since you took office?
Then why did YOU praise the North Korean regime?
Thank you for bringing Otto Home ,beautiful that he made it home to his family and held on. Good job Otto!
Ur just using Otto 2 further ur cause of becoming a wartime president 2try & stop ur impeachment! Like u use everyone&everything. Disgusting
What about YOUR regime you Tangerine faced grapefruit
And your gonads will swing out the door with you. America can then regain its pride of leader of the free world
The kid was tortured. YOU hsaid QUOTE "I'd do a lot more than waterboarding I can tell you that".   Trump gave it the ok so they did.
#maga Mr President #hanginthere God bless you.
The whole universe condemns the brutality of the US army, no organisation have killed more civillians in the history more!
That's kinda what we do whe a US national comes back from a hostile country dead...
& UR going 2 do what? Whine at him? Cry foul? Say he isn't treating you like you think you should be treated? Stomp UR feet see if it helps?
NOBODY died...Otto is a CIA asset...fake news, psyop...war-mongering...and remember NEWTON'S 3rd Law...
Try following logic and come away a believer. Trump owns house and senate, hired intel people yet they ALL are conspiring against him? Dumb.
How about you also mourn the loss of Philando Castile who won't receive justice for his death!
You're all talk. No action
The U.S. once again condemns the brutality of the North Korean regime as we mourn its latest victim. Video: https://t.co ...
...colluding by all incl HC & Obama hope this is true
How many thousands of civilians are being killed by US bombs in Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, and Yemen under your watch?
And once again you will do nothing. Kim calked ur bluff & set off tests then killed an american. And what did u do? Tweeted. Thats all.
And to the azzhole who posted on instagram "down w US" blame OBAMA he made sure he said more than once We don't bargain for hostages
When will you condemn the brutality of racist police in the United States of America? #TrumpsAmerica #POLICESTATE #NoJusticeNoPeace
bring home the other 3 being held,alive, and not in a coma.lets see what u can do.time to put up or shut up.
'BOUT TIME YOU SAID SOMETHING.
Condemns it?What else do you plan to do? You think North Korea,Kim Jong-un give a shit about your condemnation?
Awaiting bomb attack. As always, false flag, remember Golf of Tonkin, Babies thrown on the floor, Chemical weapons in Irak .......
#NorthKoreaSlaveState
It takes a real coward to have his goons kill a college student for stealing a poster! America doesn't use college kids as spies, twerp!
Why your gov didnt condems the inequiality and injustice of present political status of Puerto Rico? Racism?
I voted 4 u..btw met u on a sitcom with Mr. T years ago... ha.. the memories;)
U were so down to earth.
We need action, not talk w/N. Korea!
BROUGHT HIM HOME THE SAME DAY!  You have had. 5 months.  Your message?
Maybe it's time to crush them. This time we fight until it's done! My old ass will go!
When will you condemn the brutality and innocent killings of African Americans at the hands of state and local police officers?...here ?
But you're SO much like Kim Donnie-boy.........
Blah blah, shit words from a shit man #FakePresident
Trump I hope you  win this " battle" against North Corea
PS: say to Pio Young that he is the fattest man in the world
Yet on May 1st you called Kim Jong-un is a "smart cookie" and said that you would be "honored" to meet him.  You're a liar and a disgrace.
so sad,however there is 3 more americans over there being imprisoned.what r u waiting for.u say wont happen while your pres.bring them home
トランプよく言ってくれた早く北朝鮮のミサイル何とかしろ日本海がミサイルだらけになっていずれたまって島化しちまうぞ
Principal of the democracy shall prevail. We need to set a great example.
Sad
So what are you going to do about it.  Donald you are the weakest most cowardly president in history.
Blah blah blah. No one respects you #FakePresident #obamawanabe #GOP

We will hope for sanctions on North Korea as soon as possible.
who REALLY posted this?  We all know DJT didn't.  No spelling errors.
What the heck is wrong with u? U r a psychological nightmare!
Words alone, will not modify the behavior of that maniacal tyrant.
I can't believe this. The world condemns this
We can condemn North Korea all we want. The question is what is being done about it?
Why don't you have DoD intercept the next missile launched by North Korea?
latest victim?really?
Tell People of Seoul to leave the city far away and bomb the shit out of NK
so, chicken little, what are ya gonna DO about it!?
#MAGA
Well, that must be ur best shot as North Korea is not Muslim country, US bombs reserved for Muslims?  I know this story...
I condemn what they did, too. I also condemn the murder of black men by police all over this nation.
North Korea is bad but cannabis is good! Make America Free Again with legal cannabis! FREE CANNABIS NOW!!!!'n
You are really posting videos of yourself? REALLY?? Your ego is incredible!
