Repubs must get rid of terrible Prez NOW! He is killing the R Party, allows Fox News to control country. Tweets sitting on toilet. A JOKE!
@SenateMajLdr Sir, can you please do it for us, American people? It would be greatly appreciated!! Thank You
It's called a system of checks and balances meant to keep a kook like you from stumbling into power and acting like  a King instead of POTUS
The joke is your knowledge of how Congress really works
So much winning!
Sure thing Dictator Don. Try getting support from more than just your base and you might get some legislation passed.
You need 50 GOP Senators to agree with your first, you can't even do that.  Sad!

It is you who is accelerating the GOP's suicide. We finally have hope to fix the countries problems, and are very grateful for your service.
Hi
Majority rules.
Right...it's just the Dems that are turning down your shit bills.  Got it.
Replace congressional "leadership" asap. And, remove Kostinen at IRS! What the deal with that? Your taxes? Just asking ...

So much whining.
The biggest thing is you done most of the heavy lifting by your self it would be nice if the worst Congress in History would help
The only joke is your administration.
Idiot alert
Why Are You So Handsome？


Your party has the majority, you can't pass anything because it's all shit
Why not just go with an enabling act already?
You don't get to change the rules to suit yourself.  It's ridiculous for you to even consider that.  Dude, wake up.
You're trying to change the rules because you can't win. Pathetic.
If your bills were any good maybe you'd stand a change at getting 60 votes let along 51 like you needed.
YOU'RE A JOKE! You can NOT just change laws to suit your wants and IGNORE others because of your RACISM towards FMR POTUS Obama
One day it cld be the other way around. Checks and balances Mr. President.
Said THE joke!
There's a reason our founding fathers supported the 2/3 majority rule
You don't just change the rules because you are a bad President!
Rules are put in place for a reason!  They have been there for 300 years!
The dems are the one who started this rule change so get off your high horse. Thank your own harry reid
You want the senate to become the house?
Don't try to undermine the checks & balances of US democracy against your dictatorial approach #Trump 
Think it through, genius. How would that work out for you after the next election?
Also, this is stupid. If 8 democrats are controlling the country, wouldn't that mean 1 rep would be controlling the country?
One last thing, you're the joke. Sadly, not a very funny joke.
The only Joke is you in the WH
Nope...joke's in your mirror, Infant.  You going to re-live War of 1812, too?  #dareyoutoblockme
You're a lame duck now. Tweet (quack?) all you want.
The irony of this video is astounding:
If you can't win, cheat.
In that case, we must get rid of the electoral college. It allowed 3 states to override the will of 65M Americans.
Correction: 5 million illegals
Prove it! 
You want things your way. That's not how this works, Donnie.
Dude, your party got 49 votes. Changing the legislative filibuster rules won't save you.
I'm thinking he's not real good with math (along with the rest of it).
Who knew math was so complicated?
No one knows how math works. No one knows how balloons stay in the air. It's all so mysterious.
Tide goes in, tide goes out, you can't explain it!
Some have said it's due to the moon. How crazy is that? The moon is far away!
Bad policy, bad ideas, and a bad president are killing the Republican party...
Trump controls the house and the senate, yet blames 8 democrats for his inability to implement his vision
This is what dictators do. They are never satisfied until they have absolute power and control. Emperor Trump is a threat to our democracy.
In times of war, the law falls silent. 

In times of Trump, Spineless Republicans fail to protect the American people.
Preach
Pure insanity.
Every morning, a new fresh hell.
#saturdaymorning 
#AMJoy 
#SatChat
the sad reality of america is that trump is just a symptom of what the usa has become

U have to resource to LBJ Style
You put 1.9 billion in the budget to build wall that Mexico won't pay for. Put that money back into ObamaCare!! NOW!
It would be nice if you learned how our government works. 
Your ignorance is really getting old...
Of course the dumb GOP incl #Ryan & #Mcconnell can't see that! Takes a #NonPollie like @potus to work them out
Sounds like they need to get rid of the Senate leadership!
Cause you can't win unless you cheat @realDonaldTrump b/c some in your own party won't vote for your selfish, racist, greedy agenda.
The Jokes R Ryan & McConnell they are the breaks on OUR AGENDA. Dismiss them both ASAP n However Possible.
Total # cty's in US 3,083, Trump won 2,597 [84%] vs HRC  [16%]. It is the RINO's @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan that needs 2 get on ppl's team.
Over 270 bills now & 200 appointees waiting much more than even under Harry Reid. @SenateMajLdr & RINO's are worse than most Dems.
Republican Senate must get rid of 60 vote NOW! It is killing the R Party, allows 8 Dems to control country. 200 Bills si...

You are the Trump.  Quit cheating
@SenateMajLdr Do you understand what @POTUS is saying.  The minute your extended, undeserved vacation is over. 

GET TO WORK.
MUST?

Who are you?

#Duterte ?

#Erdogan ?

#Putin ?

Nobody MUST do what you want.
Hussein

Hitler

Stalin
It prevents your dictatorship
liberals and illegal welfare babies sure cry a lot.
Bot
They will get rid of the votes in 2018. Patience, grasshopper.
@realDonaldTrump Donnie you are a damn fool Try working With people instead of your own working for your own interests Grow up
Trump & Pense had no problems w congressional voting rule when it worked for him...fascism... total control (1 right gone) disregard order
No sir, you are a joke. If the bills were fair for all parties they would pass. If you get rid of 60 vote then a clown runs the country.
You are a LIAR and a JOKE.
They
C
YOU #killed the #Republican Party.
A majority is more like seventy let's be reaistic in no way is fiftyone a majority the rules should be changed to sixtyseven at least really
Hmmmm, the Repubs LOVED it when the Dems were trying to pass bills. You're just incompetent.
U
I am always in it for you, Mr. President!  Let me know how I can help from Teller County, Colorado.....
just stay in Colorado...it'll help everyone.
That suggestion looks like a solution in search of a problem it will solve, which certainly isn't Trumpcare.
Do you want to be a dictator and take the decisions without the Senate and the Congress???
JUST DO IT, POTUS....we're behind you!!
Whiner.
you can rave and rant all you like you can bully but at the end of the day you are FIRED
May be time to push for new leadership in the Senate!!
The joke is in your tiny hand
Donald, didn't you have Civics in school?  It's called "balance of power". Those votes keep one party from completely dominating another.
We The People are ready to relinquish all our rights and freedoms to ensure Trump wins. If we must sacrifice, let us sacrifice everything!
You and your tweets are a JOKE!
Trump, you a joke. That not how the system works and you can't change the Constitution so get use to it.
Donnie, Congress must get rid if you; Impeach & Remove. You are your own worst enemy, & the enemy of the People of the USA.
Draining the swamp is a better idea.
Unfortunately you are the JOKE of the world. Sad & Bad
Who changes rules in the middle of the game that what losers do . Purely play ground philosophy Grow up king Trump
You R the joke killing the R party.
(Subpoena His Tax Returns. There is no audit. He lies, ever notice?)
When having a majority in both houses isn't enough...SAD
Correct, you are a total joke.
spend some time learning how the legislative branch functions.  And to profess 200 bills r not being voted on due to dems.
Hey Laura, my poor little snowflake.
Can we maybe cut out salaries for congess until they come up with a suitable plan that works for the American people
Like The Venezuelan Dictator, rewrite the Constitution why don't ya? Better yet, move to Venezuela & run that country! Take the family w ya!
And you look like ALL REPUBLICANS AND NO DEMOCRATS CONTROL THE COUNTRY.  MIGHT AS WELL SAY FIRE ALL THE DEMOCRATIC SENATORS!
You're kind of a joke too, sooooo.....
<= The #SOROS owned RINOs will obstruct those bills!
Song-bird-RINO-rat @SenJohnMcCain is their figurehead & sghould be "impeached"!
L Sesna: writer for Washinton Times. Gotta keepuguys classified. Stop pretendingtobe average person off street. Your "opinions" are paidfor
I'm tired of "winning", imbecile!
Did you ever stop to think there may be a problem with those bills? We are not a dictatorship where what you say goes without question.
The last two words of your tweet could be your signature...
You shouldn't talk - really.  How many appointed positions are still open?
That's just stupid - then whatever is done will not reflect the what the American people want

Maybe a hidden punchline in there?
That's not how that works. It's people who represent the majority. Math, democracy, and civics are not your strong suit.
Hang in there Trump We the People support you not them keep tweeting keep us abreast
So you are saying FUCK the Constitution??
Your right sir. Politions taking advantage  of the working people.executive order,put them all on obamacare.
Majority in the government are Republicans and you still can't win... you never were good at majority wins though were you Donald.... LOSER
Majority must rule even if its just one vote make us greatagain
You're letting the world basically know your ever move...Not Smart....smh
You are the JOKE
I know ur a joke
Bills. Take a page from the dems and push the American people's agenda through! That's why we voted you in, to help us!
.@realDonaldTrump Hey dum-dum, there are 52 Republican senators. If you don't have the juice to sway 2 Independants and 6 Democrats...
.@realDonaldTrump Then either :

1/ Your bill sucks
2/ You suck
Whip them sold outs leftist Tiger 
What the heck is the matter with our Repubican Senate!?  Start acting like Conservatives and support our President or get out!
Wine cry , presidents favorite thing to do
Those 200 imaginary waiting bills are invisible. Might be lost in your great thick swamp you made in front of the WH .
Hitler Trump cant lead or get a bill passed so he thinks changing the rules of law is the way to go. Wtf?
Hey I found all the crazies in one place!! #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Just like YOU
Muslims could bring down another 9/11on the U.S. & MSM would remain silent in  fear of being called an islamophobe
You are the joke WAKEUP!
You have Republicans that have been bought and paid for by the Democrats!!  They need to be kicked out and replaced
If you want it, it can't be good.
You have slipped deeper Donald. Seek help.
Funny for the past 8 years the rules were in place and upheld, laws were still passed even w/o complete control of all levels of government!
News flash your the JOKE!
Oh my gosh . STOP !!!!
Including that turn coat McCain,
Its like those 6 democrats got elected or something.
If there were any bills that were even 1/2 way decent there would be no problem getting 60 votes.
How's it feel, jackass?
We must get rid of u. Yur a joke to our country. Just disappear with the wind.

It works the other way too brainiac. You certainly never made this claim before.
The #joke's on you . . . Sorry, I misstweeted, the #JOKE is you! 
It allows 8 Dem to control the Senate
The joke is that Republicans can't win unless they change the rules. Pathetic.
You really don't understand how this whole "government" thing works, right?
Speaking of jokes.....
American people want our Congress to function-to Govern-if archaic rules in Senate stopping Government-then archaic rules must go!

No republicans need to stop acting like 2 yr olds and act like the adults they are. This is America not Russia aleast for now
Interesting-considering they are the ones who dragged anchor the past eight years. I'm crying huge croc tears.
No, you are killing the Republican party!#growUP
A Government of the people and by the people demands action by their elected representatives- not archaic rules preventing such action.
The rules are there to keep a wannabe dictator like orange boy from doing something stupid
@foxandfriends     Support President Trump and do what he asks.He has the best interest of the country in mind. #Trump
no Mr. President, you're the joke. Your just throwing another tantrum because you didn't get what you want. Such a Lil baby
Your a JOKE #DumpTrump
Go to bed.  P l eeeez!  You are so out of control of your emotions & it's so embarrassing.  Take a Xanax or something.  Find a doctor.
Fake news starts at the fake president
Curse that democracy thing it's killing..... oh democracy
Fire some one!
nah, nah, nah, nah,nah - DEMOCRACY works!  Go Constitution (try getting someone to read it to you)!
Republicans need to help Pres DRAIN the SWAMP, not be a PART OF IT! Go to simple majority and get the American people's work done NOW!
Does Trump want a dictatorship? Does he understand how the American government works? Did he actually take a Civics class in school?
Jokes on you. One of the most incompetent prez
You are a joke
No there are 200 bills waiting because they're wasting valuable time messing around with your sham of a healthcare policy.
Your the joke. Make America great again and resign.
You have bigger problems than this. You have Republicans that don't want your crazy ideas either.
You really need medical help, so go and see a doctor.
