"when [Trump] politicizes a horrible tragedy such as #LondonAttacks to push for his travel ban, he weakens himself"
The fight against terrorists needs to start with getting the terrorist (#45) out of the white house.
I totally agree with this sentiment.The worst home grown terrorist I have seen is potus.
Thx President Trump for ur hard work on our behalf

Happy to see the libs being driven crazy - shows how well ur doing!

Remarkable. Trumps Saudi arms package isnt real. Same as announcements where existing jobs packaged as his own deals https://www.brookings.edu/blog/markaz/2017/06/05/the-110-billion-arms-deal-to-saudi-arabia-is-fake-news/ …
isn't there someway we could impeach these liberal judges.i would help anyway i could!
Winners Aren't Losers.   How funny. Hey ....  @HillaryClinton     Winners aren't Losers...
Any person who resides in America and doesn't want to protect her borders is an Enemy of the State!
America is with you.
NEVER EVER underestimate impact yr tweets/behaviour r having here in UK. Theresa May not tell u but u now got award THE MOST HATED MAN here
Don’t care what the UK thinks .The UK should be glad Thrump is our President he is strong and willing to protect The USA AND SUPPORT OUR ALLIES. If you would rather have Hillary we’ll send her to u. Trump is making America great again
You are undermining the legal battle for the moratorium every time you tweet the words 'travel ban'. Plz, Mr. @POTUS stay off Twitter!
Amen to that
Where was all these people when Obummer was running wild at the top. Nobody said a word  the President just wants to keep us safe!
We Have Your Back General!!!! #TrumpArmy Will Die Defending You...!
We need to ban ALL who do not accept our Constitution and our laws! Takes care of it!
Then you will have to ban @realDonaldTrump He is the main offender of our constitution #Trumpkins should try reading it before spouting off!
How So specifically?
World is a single large playground for good & bad people US cannot be safe until whole world is made terror free, you have guts ro do it.
We need a GoFundMe account for the legal defense of Reality Winner, American Hero!
#TheResistance #Indivisible
Hey Don, turns out you were right the election was rigged, by you and Russia
As a Nam vet, Mr President. We had a saying in Vietnam. Stay calm and return fire!
Eat another Big Mac, have heart attack, have another stroke!
Death will come like covfefe in the night.
Judges need to make the right decisions with respect to the best interests of Americans-every, single time-without fail
Sorry about  1a
What does stopping murderers entering the country have to do with 1st a? Antifa are the people who silence speech.
15 of 19 911 terrorists were from Saudi Arabia but somehow not on your ban. Somehow you go dancing & bowing to them & sell them weapons.
I agree with you whole-heartedly, apart from one crucial part. He did not bow, he (wait for it) curtseyed. The man is a buffoon and a sham.
Also 911 wasn't a radical Islamic job. It's pretty obvious how those towers came down! Just look! Not by planes! Pentagon no plane. Sheep!
We need the travel ban because there are enemies amongst us
I have no doubt that you are afraid of your own shadow at this point. Stop isolating our country from the rest of the world!
BREAKING NEWS Mexico has just agreed to pay for Trump Impeachment. Putin is asking 2 investigate possible ties between Trump & United States
We need you out of office...
I second your motion 
What does your Muslim ban do for the 241 Americans just shot to death by non-Muslims in the US since the London attack??
Trump: Always barking lies and wrong information.
Fear mongering and propaganda. Hitler perfected it.Make desperate people afraid. & then create a villain an "other" to blame.
Keep the pressure up President Trump, Whatever happened to commonsense in Washington? DRAIN THE SWAMP MR PRESIDENT!
Why are people against your proposal. Those haters are at WAR with us Christian's People listing to our President. #1 reason he's president.
Please keep Jeff Sessions as AG. Ppl are mad thinking that you'll fire him. They won't support you.
Removing you and your cronies is the level of safety that we demand.
Arguing your case by Tweeting? YOU said during your campaign you will BAN Muslims. That is the real intent of your 'Travel Ban'.
You retweet Drudge? Pathetic. You should follow SecDef and learn before you tweet or retweet.

Hey @realDonaldTrump, two of the London terrorists are British citizens. Will you extend your Travel Ban to British people too?

You can try to get rid of President Trump all you want  but HRC will NEVER be President 
MmK? Wtf does she have 2do w/ Mr. Dump Y'all need to drop her shit & your "alternative facts" then reevaluate your lives bc y'all got probs
U need to get out of office so that the people can stop being so scared that you will take us to war
Why can't you be a  bit politically savvy? I voted for you and I love your policies. You are shooting yourself and ME in the foot big time.

You need to resign and lose the KFC Addiction
Where is your statement on the terrorist attack last night in London that targeted Muslims, 1 killed several injured???
Trump and smart? The two things do not go together.
No
You shouldn't have caved the 1st time! When you did (((they))) knew they had you! Time to be a badass again!
NO WE DON'T, Mr. Loser President!
@davashewolf totally wrong and worse yet u ruin our standing in the world. Enjoy while u can. U wont b prez much longer
Your impeachment. Really really huge. Best ever. Biggest turn out ever. Believe me. The people will love it. Huge success.
No we don't!

Remember, most U.S. terrorist attacks were not committed by foreign terrorists, but home grown.
Expand it and modify it's intensity as well including-> immediate border vetting process for worker visa as well...
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Yes we do
They are protecting OUR rights. Ur not dictator! This is Democracy.Courts checked you & you don't like it!
The  courts have not TAKEN our rights!  WTF is wrong with U? Oh yeah:  "everything"...  #ImpeachTrump
good go Mr Trump.
You are real. We need more realistic leaders like you. You got my support
Americans need deplorable,corrupt, racist, ignorant Trump and his corrupt family and Republucan enablers out of OUR lives! Make treachery of trump administration completely NULL & VOID. Vote DEMOCRATIC in 2018 & always,  save America’s democracy from mercenary trump travesty.
Agreed.Thank you and God bless you Mr. President.
So, who do we ban after the latest terror attack in the U.S.?  #Charlottesville
YES!!! MAGATRUMP!
It is very cruel to "Let ObamaCare Fail". People will be hurt if you just Repeal it without a bipartisan aggreement on a replacement.
Thank You
I have to congratulate you on a very substantive meeting with Russia today. You have given me some hope for them to behave better in future.
It's not about safety, or you would ban people from Saudi Arabia,  most of the 9/11 terrorists were from there
Do you intend to prevent the English from entering America? After the recent London attack, such as blocking the entry of Muslims to America
Abolish the ninth circuit court!
No we do not!!!
Wrong.
Everything the Democrats want and work for is bad for our country. Keep plowing ahead, Mr. President! Outdo those losers.
How's that travel ban working for you?
Poor little Donald, having some more coward hurty feeties?
He says, after working to strip rights from women, people of color, immigrants, LGBTQ, workers, and other Americans
We would all like to ban you and your swamp. That sounds like a good place to start. I read hear dumb tweets and think, really ?!?! 
We need our president to read the Constitution.
I So support what you are doing, please if you ever in Morgantown WV I would be honored if you stop in my small women owned business !
@POTUS thank you for being a real president of the people. We love you 
Coward.
Yet Saudi Arabia is not on your list . Correct me if I'm wrong, Saudi Arabia is where many radical Islamists emerge from.
You have a long history of lying. Only your ardent supporters would believe that you would not lie under oath. Man without honor. Sad.
The last several attacks in the US was committed by white men. It there a white male ban coming as an "extra level of security."
You're the best, PrezTrump! Ur correct, your job 2 protect  & Americans – TY 4 trying ur best 2do that in light of idiots trying 2block u
You don't know or respect God
U is a crazy ass president a liar and ur not running the country everything is in confusion
Too bad we can't count on our @POTUS to lead us in the right direction!  I don't know if you've heard, Mr Trump, but that guy is an ASS!
Crook.
Liar.
i agree, let's start with you. work on that first one. there are so many books out there. get started with dr. seuss
Slick dictator tactic. Using tragedy to try to scare people into handing over their basic freedoms to you. Horrific and immoral, but slick.
A #Nazi playbook ..sad
Everyone has been telling you your whole life that you need to be smart. Give. It. Up. Not gonna happen. Sad reality.
Except Saudi Arabia right lol
Saudi Arabia attacked USA on 9/11. You go there and suckle them. #treason
Thank you for standing up for the county.
Out of interest, how are you going to prevent domestic terrorism & the white homegrown folk who snap & go postal? More deaths come from them
What you really need to do is grow up, you ludicrous horror-toddler
does the travel ban include, for example, racist whitey from Portland getting in public T?
Enforce it anyway for national security sake!
We need you gone
 That is what we really need
.@realDonaldTrump Seriously Don I'm starting to think this is all a joke. Are you really this stupid? You must be with all the sh*t you talk
You lost me after smart because, clearly, you are NOT! #ReleaseYourTaxes #PutinsPuppet and #IdiotInChief #InsaneClownPresident! #RESIST
Smart? Well, that let's you out! #NoBanNoWallNoRaids
5 murdered in mass shooting in Orlando florida.  But cause it's a white man doing the shooting..it's not terrorism!! Racist
I want it now.
Why anyone who oppose secure borders is beyond me. 
Keep up the good work President Trump, Keep  all your   Election promises, ignore the Liberal democrats.  Focus and press forward
The Pres. is right. We have to get tough if we are to stop terrorism!! Wake up America!! Look what happens when you have free travel!
No terrorist attack has happened ever because of banning people traveling from these countries. Want to stop terrorist attacks? Ban yourself
POTUS, when are going to stop tweeting without first thinking it out. U ARE LOS
Yes we do, we also need JOBS, get the Tax Reform pass.
I agree 100 percent! #MAGA
"We should be very, very worried about it.. the land is being scorched, deserts are spreading, the seas are warming" #globalwarming
I think that America should leave  Muslim country , now
Oh, you crazy old white men and your exclusionary "rights".
No ban, no wall. Get it through your thick skull!
What we (the world) need if for you to leave the presidency
Fuck this guy
Our rights do not come from courts.The current system is skewed because it works under Admiralty/maritime Law. Research, don't accept.
「男系継承は女性差別」「皇室典範改正」勧告案を主導している人物は支那華僑「Ms. Xiaoqiao Zou」と判明！！！「国連 #在日 #朝鮮族 の 「報告書の主査が #支那 #共産 #華僑 女」で女性団体のリーダー」叩き出てほしい https://twitter.com/natsunomiz/status/707533099026948096/photo/1pic.twitter.com/D19P3l8P5p 
a travel ban on all the countries that the US has been bombing in recent years? Bombs create terrorists. Wake up America.
So since it turns out the terrorist was a British citizen will you be retracting this nonsense?  #rhetoricalquestion
HOW does a travel ban give anyone back their rights?
So will you add Saudi Arabia to you list of banned countries? Well, i guess money talks.
Actually, to be clear, those of us who voted for President just want our country to go back to following the Constitution of the USA.
Travel Ban or not, Both Spicer and Trump are sickly and bigly Dump!
Another mass shooting from a middle aged caucasian male with free access to guns. Will the travel ban deal with domestic terror. No!
When you decide to give Muslims, LGBT+s, and minorities that aren't wealthy enough to support themselves without help, you
Can talk about rights. Until then, you can't talk about getting rights back when you strip normal citizens of the ones they require to live.
To the contrary, the courts protect the rights of citizens from proto-autocrats like you.
Yeah! BAN WHITE RACISTS CHRISTIAN TERRORISTS from traveling across state lines in the U.S.A. and blowing up, shooting up america.
Just for the record, Muslims aren’t shooting up our schools....
#MuslimBan is Unconstitutional #TrumpTraitor #TrumpColluded
The court will be crazy yo give you anything. You are an  unstable president.

you were quoted by @NPR

Muslim Travel Ban!
Isn’t it time to make your move?
Please resign!!! You are tearing our country apart!!
You o right totally agree
We need to start banning all Muslims from America.  With Geraldo Rivera saying we have 4% Muslim pop, that's 12M+ Muslims in America.
It's very crucial to have that travel ban! I really don't understand why some ppl who claim to be serving the country will object to that...
We need to be smart, vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an ext...
Your ban and lies are stupid! Worse president ever 34%!
visit me in kinya
Smart, Vigilant & Tough..STRIIIIIKKKEEE 3 YOUR OUT WAIT.. Now lets see you did win a prize after all, Outback Trip. 6 Weeks in Ballarat Vic.
#TravelBanNOW
IT IS NOT A BAN!!!
no, we just need to impeach you
Courts give you back rights? WE HAVE A THREE BRANCH SYSTEM..YOU ARE NOT A DICTATOR!
LOL! Just keep on tweetin' ya big orange dummy;
Ihr Vorhaben ist sehr richtig.Deutschland und die meisten EU Länder haben vergessen dass es Gesetze d.die Grenzen u.damit das Volk schützen
"give us back our rights" there is no rights given by the Constitution giving people the right to be racist. So no matter what, answer is NO
#Charlottesville you needed all facts before commenting, however after London Bridge, U commented THAT DAY. #charlottesvilleterroristattack
I stand with ya.  Get that Wall done.
#nonsequitor response ... as usual.#dumptrump
GOD BLESS PRESIDENT TRUMP.  THE HATE FILLED LEFT AND THE REST OF THE SWAMP ARE OUT TO DESTROY YOU BEFORE YOU DESTROY THEM.
History has taught us how the KKK and White Supremacist demonstrate, even when uncontested.  The torches are burn!
Your "pure blood ideals" background, given you by your father & firmly adhered to by you is showing.
#45 is a NAZI!
You are a fraud.
But when a white supremacist plows into a crowd you just wish 'best regards' to the victims? #WorstPresidentEver #IdiotInChief
@POTUS. Yes we do.And I would think all Americans would want that.
what do you say about general election in Kenya?
This needs to happen everywhere. 
People to wake up and realise they are not smart. 
The travel ban yes for known criminals but not tourists
And all liberal, politically-driven judges have to be removed from office.
This is lunacy.
