They only see you as a tool and another black person in that loves him ...he sees you and your race as second class citizen. Sad story
Blessings to you.  It is about issues, not race.  We ARE We The PEople.
Shame shame shame!!!
You are in a class by yourself...lol

He makes more money than is ever needed and literally gave away his presidential salary. He's literally losing money being the president
Clearly you're a product of said failing schools...
Failing..... what's @staffwire ??? Awesome job bud 2 followers! You'll be rich and verified in no time! Loser 
Hey that's cool.  I'm a coastal elite - just working for fun after retiring from from my Silicon Valley job. Lots of time to troll Dumpfers!
Lol "coastal elite" or sad lonely man with no job or future still crying "Muh FEELS! But she won the pop vote!!" Winners aren't losers 
Dude, go to class.
what do you say now about your vote?  this man is a disater for this country and u helped to put him there. VERY SAD
.@RealDonaldTrump rT @bRuNeLlDoNaLd: I ThOuGhT AbOuT JoBs tHaT WeNt oVeRsEaS FaIlInG ScHoOlS OpEn bOrDeRs nOt mY SkIn cOlOr wHeN I VoTeD @rEaLdOnAlDtRuMp! I
Your a racist now lol
Thank you for standing up.
You look BEAUTIFUL!! GOD BLESS YOU!
Thank you for voting for a better America and not just a sex or color. You make me proud as a woman. Keep it up.
RT @brunelldonald: I thought about jobs that went overseas failing schools open borders not my skin color when I voted @...
You will soon regret your actions. Read a newspaper. Become informed.
Love this wise intelligent free thinking rational sane woman right here. Keep spreading truth!
@bfraser747 Amen
Donald, retweeting compliments so others can see them is the ultimate sign of neediness and desperation. Is this really lost on you?
It's a different ballgame now. Going around the media because their dishonest.
You hat was made in China
Look everybody, we were wrong. This retweet proves Donald isn't racist.


Nope. It's not Love it or leave it. 

We will fight to restore ethics in our govt and will not accept unconstitutional Muslim bans etc.
what ethics are you referring to? the DNC lies, Hillary's lies? Deleting 30,000 emails? Cheating on debates?
Not showing #TaxReturns. Pay for play like stopping EPA rule on carcinogen weed killer. Staying at trump properties / promoting them.
Congrats to Erdogan in Turkey where he has #trump hotel. China ok now that trademarks given and invest visas coming

Racism is a cornerstone of Trump's regime and no picture of a minority displaying propaganda will change that pathetic fact.
@realDonaldTrump and his family use foreign labor and import foreign labor. They profit personally off the taxpayer. You are a fool.
SO PROUD OF YOU MAGA !!!
You are a TRUE American. Thank you for that
So am I, even though I do not agree with the president.
I'm grateful for all you do to get the message out. We should all be proud Americans
https://www.facebook.com/groups/progressivearmy/permalink/508395319531714/ …. Sadly not
I am proud to stand strong with her and President Trump. Together we can MAGA!  
And I am proud of you! You are an inspiration.
Thank you for thinking deeply about those issues!  God Bless you and yours!!!
We the PPL stand w/U by taking pride N voting 4 whats RT 4 ALL no matter color of skin. Obama won 8yrs & not off only blk votes we ALL count
You are a rockstar!
Hail Hydra
I thought about Trump's skin color when I voted. That orange hue! Gotta be alien.
Love your heart and you are so articulate!  Keep speaking out!!
And you're a thoughtful American who understands common sense.
Slightly amused u voted because of jobs overseas wearing a hat made in China 
Don't parrot lies.  The truth will set you free!!!!
Meet the small business that made your #MAGA hat possible! #SmallBusinessWeek 

Not the OFFICIAL hats! Good try though!
yes the official hats too, why did he have the labels altered after the initial outcry LOL
Oh wow, you genuinely trust trump, after all he has  said and not done. I don't know what to say. I am genuinely speechless.
@immigrant4trump @realDonaldTrump  That is the way we all should be but Dems keep putting people in groups they control
You are a very sad person. But you will be sadder when you wake up to what a stupid thing you have done. Hope you have good people to go to
What OPEN BORDERS? Canada? What JOBS? All "new Jobs" were coming B4 Trump! Oh and Jeff Sessions has you back..  #skincolor #RESISTANCE
Ur obviously an uneducated (pardon for speaking plainly) but moron american. Cops r killing more blacks today, emboldened by trumps bigotry
Also blacks are killed by police less than whites are killed by police
Have you thought about the 24 million Americans, 7 million military vets among them, that will lose their health insurance under the AHCA?

That's your response? How about you ignore the gif and answer the question. 24 million Americans. Do you care?
What about the millions under Obamacare can't afford the premiums and deductibles being up to 10k mine is 300 a month with 6500 deductibles
Jobs are not going overseas. They're being replaced by technology. Schools aren't failing. Gov is failing schools. We can do better.
You must have misunderstood: read again and see that she was speaking of the PREVIOUS PRESIDENCY
I know what she said and I just disagree with her premise.
Isn't it great to say it again.  I am a Proud American! Have a wonderful day.
I am PROUD to be an American! So great to say that and say it with PRIDE! #MAGA
Bots.
Who me? What about me is a bot?
Don't take it personal, it goes along with you are racist, Nazi, fascist, homophobic, etc. They just like to switch them up now & then
Exactly. Like libtard, libturd, whining snowflake, etc. I don't take it personally.
There's a BIG difference between whining and racist!!  I would call my kids a whiner but never a racist! Think about that
Exactly. To compare the vileness of racism to the tantrum of a child is beyond belief.  Racism is not something that goes away if you ignore
Then you must not be an American. He's America's president. Almost all states voted him in. Only a handful didn't.
@realDonaldTrump is not a President. He is a bought and paid for puppet place in the highest office in the World. Your vote for him/no win
I didn't vote for him. Nor did I vote for Obummer both times he won. It doesn't change the facts of who won.
good for you
The token black.
Lol. You know what a token is ? Affirmative Action.
Placing minorities in places based on color not their content
I understand why she wouldn't vote for HC, but to continually support you? She's blind AF! And doesn't look too smart either.
This looks smart?
What about him taking away your healthcare?
Mine has more than doubled under Obama.  I'm thrilled to have it repealed. MAGA☆
Sorry to hear that. Let's fix it. Don't abandon the millions of people and lives it saved.
You can't fix stupid aka obama
You're the slug in the front.
I have a neighbor who emphatically voted Trump (I did not)... he's black, from Chicago, former Army, entrepreneur.
Yes most military voted for trump whether the race they were because they know how the real world is and the evils outside of the u.s
@KathyFazzini @realDonaldTrump we are all Americans, regardless of color. Donald Trump is fighting for all of us.
Patriotic Americans have shown their resistance through the successful election of Trump. This is our America and we are taking it back.
And thank you for your service.
What are you thinking about now???
Awesome! Nothing the left hates more than a black American who is an AMERICAN first!
Nonsense. I think she is naive, and I pity her for not knowing Trump & many of his followers do hate her because of her skin color.
And you, lady, are a gaslighter and a purveyor of strawmen and other logical fallacies. And that's true, not gaslighting
are you proud of this?
or maybe you are proud of this:
perhaps this? Something else to be proud of?
You have JESUS scrolled across your profile.  Do you think Jesus would be proud of this?
Men everywhere even your liberal ass boyfriends look at women sexual just as women look at men sexually. The difference is he could say it
You will soon regret that vote, if you haven't already
You are a manipulated fool exploited by a Russian puppet con man #GetWoke
Hows that working out for you..?
No problem, proud American, you goin' learn!
YOU SHOULD HAVE RESEARCHED ABOUT A WHOLE HELL OF A LOT MORE!!!!
Idiots !
I love you already because you are a free thinker. No matter color, race, or religion,we are all 1. We must weed out the BAD seeds. PROTUS
Are you still happy with your decision.
It ain't jobs going abroad that is the issue. It's automation. Just look at Amazon food stores. our biggest threat! No one does anything
Well how's that working for you so far Brunell
I hope U follow Diamond & Silk. They're so funny and are right on the point!Love them.
You obviously didn't do enough thinking voting for a white supremacist, misogynist con man. #trump doesn't give a damn about you! Wake up!
Think about school lunch program
Disgrace to all black people
I'm a proud American!!!!
I will say it everyday, America is already Great, was already Great and will always be Great! Slogan just another way for the Con to make 
You both need help!!!!!  INSANE!!!!
Brunell, thanks for being an American and not a hyphenated.  If hyphens were stopped what would there be to divide us?
Oh, waitI'm sure DimWits would think of a hundred things that start with their spew of HATE like this Diva idiot.
LOL YOU LOOK LIKE AN 18 YEAR OLD IN THAT HAT!!! Love it. Big Fan!
And I'LL bet you're still on welfare?????
Amen
She says while wearing a hat made in China.
I would be ashamed to say that.
You must feel a bit ridiculous now!!!
Proud maybe, just not very smart.
Thank you. You are a great American!
All in which republicans defended for years decades but what's great about America now the new guy is a disgrace
So how do you feel about DJT's pick for Education secretary ?
3.) ... AND the most ironic one of all YOU ARE TIRED OF FAILING SCHOOLS ?! .U should have gone to Trump University, @BestyDeVos will help
wow, found one black vote so you had to show off. *slow clap*
He would step on you in a heartbeat! You are nothing in his book. I am sorry for you.

Don wouldn't piss on you if you were on fire lady , and your hat was made in China
So, you voted for a person who maintains numerous overseas businesses, as does his daughter. Where.is.your.logic? Are you blind; illiterate?
You might want to rethink that.  Especially if you have any sons, brothers, etc.
Trump is not concerned about you, me or millions of others who cannot promote his brand.
Hiya Sis I love that hat. Thanks for your support. DM me ~Jai ~ Investor/Buyer JaiBuysHouses@Gmail.com   @realDonaldTrump
 Another one bamboozled!  Praying for your sanity.
Your a idiot!!
Sad
@HouseCracka @realDonaldTrump your skin color would've gotten you beat at a trump rally! At a Hillary rally, you'd be loved
Smart person! Well done, Brunell. You're an inspiration!
#FakePresident
Enjoy DT while you still can. In the meantime, the smart Dems will sit by and watch the takedown of this ignorant, inept FAKE President.
I disagree, but that's your choice
@realDonaldTrump betrays yet another campaign promise by attempting to cut Social Security and Medicaid. What promise will he break next?
Love that hat!
Best of luck i think trump will help us ,take care god bless
secretary of education that doesnt believe in public schools and his solution for immigration is a wall?!
did you see where your hat was made?
With due respect am so happy for your personal quality
wait til the anaesthesia wears off
1.)  well I'm sorry he was able to convince you .. since he has failed to even bring his own business from Mexico & overseas ..
Fake News! How much did Trump pay this idiot? I call "Bullshit" on this tweet.
Now we have to be diligent and commit to excellent healthcare for all, why are all men making decisions on this? Again time to vote in 2018.
Do your research . He's a racist, all his profits come from oversees. He is not for America.
Smart lady!
Girl bye
My gawd that's pathetic and sad.  How can a minority female EVER support this total disgrace? It's SICK!
fake post. Boy bye
So how much did you charge him ???
God bless America!
You must feel so betrayed. Sorry
You are a #Patriot! God Bless YOU and #GodBlessAmerica
Jobs started going overseas n the 60s to Japan-Nixon embraced China-It's massive legal immigration to USA taking jobs. Google it.
My friend, if you think drumpf cares about you, you are living in a dream.  A bad one.  He cares about one thing, $$$$$,  God bless you
Dumb,but proud.Way to go.
All Trump cares about is the bottom line. Gov't doesn't need a CEO; it isn't a business. Its goal shouldn't be profit, but aiding its ppl
and Jesus said " the Lord will forgive the Pussy-Grabbers , for they shall inherit 10s of million dollars and become racist landlords."
You have a lovely skin color and a great smile!  Good luck and God bless.
Specifically, please tell me what u meant by stating: "NOT MY SKIN COLOR".
you thought.....I call bullshit
That poor child.
Thank you there are so many who try to take race and scoop it up into their own vision of what they want it to be instead of independent!
Any super Economy,must have a steel or heavy industry in good health.Steel need coal,to be made.Mach,tanks,ships,pipelines need steel.All of
You mean all those manufacturing jobs that Trump and his evil daughter have sent overseas?
the schools are still closing and you still don't have no job.... So what you talking abouth Willis???
Ask Trump why he does so much business overseas
  Damn why's uncle over there. Crazy mofo
Well you just shot yourself in the foot now, didn't you?
You know that hat was made in China, right? If it were made in America, it would have created jobs. Trump could have, but didn't. Sad!
And apparently you didn't pay attention in English class, but let's be honest:  we knew that already.
What has he done about open borders failing schools and jobs going overseas
Yes.  Clearly, you did not think about the color of your own skin...
smart woman
so you support #FilthyRichDevos that will fire us teachers & #Sessions who doesn't think that the KKK is bad #HeIsLosing
And I'm proud that you are an American
and actually he's using you now as a token black friend lol
Let's see how many return during the next 1,000 days...
And when you wake up one day & realize you were duped by a #conman, what will you say then & do with that hat? #wakeup
Go learn how to use punctuations!
You poor thing. To say you're misguided would be the worst oversimplification, ever.
So you voted for a bigot who refers to u as an object ("the blacks"), thinks u r innately lazy, live in ghettos, & have nothing to lose. Wow
Admitting your mistake is the first step!  Congratulations!
Yoire an idiot
Not only proud, also SMART
Smdh
Me To!& today we find out University of CA President Janet Napolitano hides slush fund of Millions to pay 9K FAT CATS in our schools extra 
Hahahaha!
We all have to stand for something, & I applaud your courage, but your #POTUS is inept & ignorant, and should never hold any public office.
