Me and half the free world just screenshot what appears to be a threat to #Comey. Jeez, you really aren't smart.
Dude, are you trying to get impeached?
Why wouldn't you have already produced/"leaked" the tapes? Btw, the FBI investigation started last July, before the election.
You are obviously in full panic mode and you will be until your last day in the White House.
fake news, keeping non existent stories alive just so you could keep a FAKE  cloud over his presidency??  The only good thing is he knows he
Woo hoo! Aren't you a tough guy! It rip you a new one.
Just to be clear @realDonaldTrump, 'better hope' means "there ARE no tapes, because I'm hyperparanoid, but not nearly that smart..."
If you have nothing to hide then wouldn't you want a tape that could exonerate you released? First you fire Comey, and now you threaten him!
Now do you see why @realDonaldTrump its hard for us the American ppl to trust politicians? Ppl like Comey give them all a bad name!
Your father forgot to slap you in the face a few times to keep you in check. And now we all have to endure a 7yrs old unrestrained bully 
I'd be FAR MORE WORRIED ABOUT THE TAPES OF YOU AND PUTIN!! Did you NOT learn in the Bee's and Honey analogy?
Look it up!
Why? You already fired him. I hope you keep looking like the monster u are. Bring on the "tapes". Liar. #TRUMP
so what are you THREATENING him with, and more importantly what are you so scared of?
Methinks Donny Trump better hope that there are no "tapes" of his conversations before he starts leaking to the press. #TrumpRussia #HangEm
When will you get the hint that we don't fear you or your minions? Elementary school students have better social skills than you do. Grow up
Ooops someone just pissed their pants!!!
Scared, Donnie boy?
Um, is everything okay in the neurology department, chief?  Remember, you already fired him.
LEAKING WHAT, DONALD??? I THOUGHT TRUMP-RUSSIA WAS FAKE??? #IDIOT
Not very presidential, not very smart, to threaten a respected member of the FBI family.
The term "leak" refers to classified info given to press.
Could @realDonaldTrump be a little more paranoid, good lord!
You sound exactly like the threatening Russian mafia Don you really are.
This is a THREAT, good going MAN-CHILD.  Every tweet you send makes you look MORE GUILTY.
What are you trying to cover up?
MR. PRESIDENT, I LOVE HOW YOU PUSH THE DEMOCRATS (WHO RUN PURELY ON EMOTIONS) 
BUTTONS
How stupid does one have to be to threaten him publicly? Lord!
You stupid fucking jackass.
Remember what LBJ said to the aide who suggested he fire J. Edgar Hoover because Hoover was such a pain in the ass to Johnson?
He said, "No, it's better to have him inside the tent pissing out than outside the tent pissing in." Shrewd words, Donald.
But your mistake in firing Comey is great news for us! Your impeachment/resignation will take place sooner than I thought.
If u & ur administration just told the truth maybe  u wouldnt be having all these problems and resort to bullying, threats & intimidation
#comradeslimshadytwittertwit ur a fake, a fraud u see presidency as a reality show. U need 2 go away & we will see that happen. Jail time!!
If the conversation did not include classified information it is not a "leak" donnie. If u demanded loyalty of him u r screwed.
Comey don't play that!
You get dumber by the day bro..
Stop bullying....isnt that what your WIFE preaches????
"Lordy, I hope there are tapes."—former @FBI Director Comey 

#ComeyTestimony
Lordy! We have video of Comey lying under oath when he said he published the memos in reaction to this tweet 
Yes and...?
Does everyone remember when presidents had class, elegance, self respect, an IQ bigger than his shoe size?... Sigh...,
ur the 1 that needs 2 wry.. it's gettg hottr 4 u. Mueller is comg n ur goin--N we will party like theres no 2mrrow!!
Lordy. #BeBest
Fire the JERKOFF
TRUMP 2020
Yep! Trump 2020!
Being POTUS, there's nothing you can do about it except cry on twitter LOL!
Why, would they catch you in more lies?
Why'd you "wiretapp" Comey? Didn't Spicer say that's what it means when you use quotes?
If you didn't lie so much, maybe you wouldn't be so paranoid about leaks? & if you didn't piss off every single intelligence agency?
The FBI has no respect for you whatsoever, as they reminded the American public during the Senate hearing yesterday.
They had to remind you: "Simply put, sir, you cannot stop the FBI from doing the right thing"

Wittle Donnie getting a wittle nervous?? 
The last thing you need to worry about is leaks… you can't even get your own story straight!
You're the least transparent president in American history & the worst as well given your current ratings.
Higher ratings than HIllary would have, and  a lot less investigations.
The time Trump lied about tapes to call someone else a liar.
Can you PLEASE look into the unavailability of the Nintendo Switch.  Every American should have access but they are sold out. #investigate
out of confusion order arrives always, do not change be yourself always. ignore criticism
Still waiting for that "order".
Oh I hope Trump has tapes"! If so, ALL America should be allowed to hear them and judge for ourselves who is lying!
Hey DON.... aren't you the guy that posted this and now you're cool with doing it evidently....
Trump hasn't tapped anyone's phones 
LMFAO
@Comey has more.
You'd think you'd welcome more transparency to expose this "witch hunt"...
You wanna talk about disgraceful have you looked at your behavior silly man
This is the tweet that Mueller wants to know about. I want to know as well. #WTF is @realDonaldTrump talking about?
Mueller
Mueller
Mueller
Proven liar = James Comey.
Umm...check today's tweets. Confirmed #Trump  lies. 6-22-2017
Haven't you checked Webster dictionary today? The definition of HOPE has been updated to DOES HAVE 
You all took the bait stupids. He pulled off an awesome bluff!! Tricks of the trade. Keep up people!!
WRONG...You better hope he doesn't!
Somewhere in Calabasas someone is praying there are no tapes.  
If there are--you know where to send them: https://wikileaks.org/#submit 
He doesn't even know how to use Email ^_^
I'll bet a whole lot of folks on Team Hillary wish she didn't know how to use email.
Why would he care, if they were liked, my question is why sweat it if you're  innocent
FIRST step you Remove the weasels Sessions and Rosenstein. Then hunting seasons is open for the leftist traitors
Lordy, Lordy I hope there are tapes and COMEY isn't the only one. Where's the tapes? Did COHEN have them? FBI have them now? Or was it just another LIE in your web of deceit? MUELLER is coming and We The People want his questions answered. Under oath and in public. #TrumpDONEfor
We The People certainly hope that there ARE tapes.
he better hope not.
What was the purpose of your May 12th, 2017 tweet?
Racket Man (I Think I'm Gonna Steal Up Every Dime)
https://youtu.be/JJ4NumTnQFM 

I think its gonna be a long long while
Til the GOP comes around to find
They're not too smart and that I am...
Ha ha ha ha...I'm a Racket Man
Racket Man grifting everybody all the time...

@POTUS #MAGA
One of your former folks thinks you're a moron, another thinks you're an idiot and you're former lawyers thinks you're a crook. Trifecta.
Doesn't look like a lie to me.  Interesting how people take out the whole quote and add personal bias.
Bot
Dear me, that sounds like blackmail. Is that how presidents lead?
It's how a mob boss acts. Don. Isn't that what they call the head of organized crime? Trump is guilty of #MoneyLaundering
$10M fine for significant and longstanding anti MoneyLaundering violations at Taj Mahal Casino, largest in history and the 2nd fine. Time for CRIMINAL CHARGES
No orange boy, YOU better hope there are no tapes.  if you destroy them, it's destroying evidence.  You brought up tapes #presidentdumbass
You are a Judas and you should hang for your wickedness. There is a higher judge Mr.Trump and He doesn't kowtow to you!
You better hope that there are no "tapes" of you telling Russians Classified information before the Russian Media broadcast it oops. RESIGN
President can declassify any information he/she deems fit.
Doesn't mean he can leak classified Israeli Intel, he had know right to share, to the Russians
Do what? Know right? You mean no? He can share whatever intel he wants. He the pres of the united states.
Never heard of a typo? Yeah except people die because of stupidity like that. Russia is an adversary, Israel is an ally. At least it was
Just because a POTUS can do something, doesn't mean he should. For example: firing the FBI Director, while there's an open investigation
Into your campaign. I'm done. Have a great day
Well, there are and you're goin' down boy.
Do you think it is wise to theaten Comey in public. For goodness sake, grow up.
Or you going to what? Expose them and go jail? You're a liar and a fraud. You and you're family are a circus sideshow and embarrassment.
Comey Memo Says Trump Asked Him to End Flynn Investigation https://nyti.ms/2rnUb1z  #ComeyTestimony
@cnn @cnnbrk @CNNJason it appears that @realDonaldTrump 's lawyer @marckasowitz chronology of Comey #memoleak is not entirely accurate
his response Lordy I hope theer are tapes
What is there to hide?
Try saying I hope the bomb blows up the airplane to a TSA official and see if you go to jail for terrorism. We know what your up too!!
I think YOU better hope there are no tapes....
@SenatorRisch in case you're curious about the word "hope".
Release the tapes please. We're all waiting...
You sir, are an insult to the position you hold.
You are a sick man.
I hope he has some!
I  am so Happy Someone  Released that Access  Hollywood Video  Tape From 2005 B
Hey Trump. Comey gave the green light #ReleaseTheTapes if you are not a liar that is...
And Comey just conveniently lost his memos.  Oh how the worm turns.  #BeholdTheLiberalMind
You've stunned me with your wit, but even more so your powers of observation. #UnOriginalTroll
And you ignore the tweet. He's saying the memos are gone. What do you think happened?
Do you mean the #peetape ?
Pres Trump, URGENT: Local Radio Host Has Sound Byte from Official Hearings w/ Hawaiian Sen.of Comey Indicating " No Obstruction of FBI Inv "
Leak the tape or remain silent !
Puzzling use of "quotes"... initially thought UR referring to "UR tapes"... now think UR warning against "HIS"!? Either way UR F**k'd!
Comey is a crook & a criminal. It was the right thing 2 fire him. He is incompetent and a weasel. The press is crooked too.
His ppl are still stalking me. I am a whistleblower.  I reported him to Congress, they fired him. Cong leak 1,900 more cases like mine. 2/2
"Lordy, I hope there are tapes." Sounds like he's on the edge of his seat for tapes to be released like we all are. Let's hear 'em! 
You are sick. I'm ashamed that you are anywhere near the White House. There is a thing called Karma.
You have permission from Comey !! YAY, you can release your tapes 
The liar in Chief has no tapes.
I love this tweet. It should be the one to get you impeached!
He never said there were tapes, did he?
God we hope there are!
PLAY THE TAPES!
Secret service has said they have *NO* tapes. So was this just witness intimidation, an empty threat??
WSJ FLAG: Secret Service has *no* audio recordings or transcripts made in Trump White House https://www.wsj.com/articles/secret-service-has-no-audio-recordings-or-transcripts-made-in-trump-white-house-1497291979 …
Donald, why did it take you 41 days before you said you were bluffing about the "tapes"? Sad!
So as usual you lied! You tried unsuccessfully tried to intimidate Comey. You know if your innocent you don't have to loser
I told you you should've took your nap instead of going to Twitter
These libs need to suck it up. We voted Trump because Hillary is crooked and a criminal.
This tweet right here, is OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE. Trump is corruptly influencing a federal investigation with this tweet.
If you've read what you have said before, I think it is you who should be worried. You should really self reflect on your transcripts.
So...turns out this is just an empty threat, huh? Makes the "obstruction of justice" case SO much easier to prove! #LockHimUp #Criminal
I knew he was just bluffing all along. He wanted Comey to panic and spill the beans
Trump is just an idiot who seems to think otherwise
President Trump said the testimony of James Comey is lying. If so, please release "tapes". That is the best truth.
If there is no "tapes", your remarks will be a lie. If President Trump's remarks are true, you should be able to publish "tapes".
The media is causing people to get killed killing each other over what they hear from the media not knowing whether it's true or false
shoot your orange cummies all over my face daddy
Let's hear it
Help end school violence. Sending threats over social media is a crime. #EndSchoolViolence #EnditDontSendit
How is this threat working out for you #Pumpkin? #Mueller may want those "tapes" Make sure you have them handy #ToughGuy! #MAGA #Obstruction
Hey @SenatorRisch what do you think of how @POTUS uses *hope* in this very public threat directed at #Comey? 

#OBSTRUCTION #COLLUSION #FAIL
Instead of making threats, why don't you admit who the REAL leaker is. We already know anyway. Sad/sick guy.
all the Trump love here - cracks me up - what a loser - biggest loser - sad
.@realDonaldTrump where are they, blowhard?
YOU better hope there aren't any.
Comey brought the receipts. It's time to show yours. #LiarInChief
Love you @POTUS each day you are Making America Safe Work Strong and Great Again!
Do it then.
Well, if anything bad happens to Comey, we'll know who to blame since they were stupid enough to publically threaten them.
At the rate things are going, you should too!
Why is he still in office
What a disgusting fool!! How dare you play games like that again reducing the integrity of the White House!
Still waiting for Taxes and tapes.
This little tweet is catching up w/you quickly. You're gonna get caught.
Dude you also met with Kissinger while addressing scandals...what's next "I am not a  crook?" #Nixon #Impeach your hands are tiny. Resign.
Interesting him anticpates the leaking in this tweet.
say again trump?
You know your twitter account is a national record right? You can't un say this shit.
Comey is the leakier  from the  beginning. He must be arrested and see the inside of the Grad Jury. Found Guilty do the time for the Crime.
U are such a con artist & it's so becoming--NOT! Liar, Liar, Liar! #ImpeachTrumpNOW
Why is the president of the United States playing games like a 10 year old
Winning just feels good, doesn't it? Thank you Mr. President. We're depending on ur integrity & we've got ur back.Don't let us down, sir.
hope there are tapes maybe you can remember what you said are you getting Alzheimer's???? Dementia Maybe????
that date of this tweet proves Comey just lied to Congress again!
now look at the date on this article. when did it come out? and when did Trump tweet this? oh the day after the article. hummm??
You better hope there are no tapes of you, Ivanka, Don Jr. or Eric. We hope there are.
Please produce those tapes Trump, otherwise we will know you are the one lying.
Um..there are and we have copies
I, for one, hope there ARE "tapes," and maybe even some plain ol' tapes without needless quotation marks.
then let's hear these imaginary tapes or is this just another lie.  You are a joke and the world is laughing at you hahaha
WHERE ARE THEY?  LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR
It looks like you got busted lying again! Nobody believes you, you lie too much!
Yea lets hear those tapes !!!! #weFid'narunthisbitch
I think Comey knows what he's doing, unlike you.

#gop #Dem #maga Need to intro bill that provides for oversight on POTUS tweets. Tweets can easily be misunderstood and possibly dangerous.
On the other hand, upon further thought, perhaps we should be thankful for  #45's tweet threatening Comey.  It is very revealing.
Written May 12. Comey's memo published in NY Slimes the day before. No way he "woke up in the middle of the night" and leaked his own memo.
Well, well, well... about those "tapes"
#lordy

I hope we can get a hold of your tapes!
