What?! You've literally fumbled this from the start & people are suffering, starving & dying because of your indifference and incompetence.
And yet you're so delusional, so impossibly incapable of humility, you have the audacity to rate yourself a 10/10?
The profundity of your immense failures, not just in leadership, but in the basic capacity for empathy grow more evident by the day. #Niger
How do you justify such indifference? Do you try? Or are you so consumed by your impending doom that PR & our military are mere nuisances.
You create chaos daily all in an attempt to distract us from your inevitable demise. So much so you'd start a war.
Well we want answers. We want to know what happened to our men in Niger and why you're being so suspiciously silent. #NigerAmbush
We want help whatever help is needed for Puerto Rico.
And we want to know why you seem to care more for Russia's interests than you do for our military and your own citizens. #RussiantSanctions
Poll: 42 percent think Trump will be remembered as one of worst presidents in history 
Donald Trump suggests Russia, FBI and Democrats colluded to pay for dossier on Kremlin - but provides no evidence
The most underplayed story of the 2016 election is voter suppression
Republican Senate candidate accepted donation from Nazi group
Trump judicial nominee: I discriminate against gay people, and trans kids are part of “Satan’s plan” 
Data mining firm behind Trump election built psychological profiles of nearly every American voter 
George W. Bush: Bigotry and white supremacy are 'blasphemy' against the American creed
The A+ given to @POTUS was well deserved! Such compassion and love for all those affected by natural disasters!
The media was waiting for @POTUS to have his "Katrina", that never came so they fabricated that his response to PR was his "Katrina"
No one is saying that Puerto Rico is back together but Donald Trumps response was second to none!


Great job on the #MAGA Tweets, Mike! 
The left uses President Trump's timeline on Twitter as an avenue to paint him in a negative light. That's why they fight so hard to get to the top, so those who visit only see what they say.
The truth is that President Trump is an honest man who loves this country very much and it kills the liberals every day to see it. They work overtime to try and make him into what they really are: miserable, hateful people.
Cuz sitting in that chair was instead of being in #PuertoRico was oh so helpful. Ever heard of @Skype ?
I don't know how he kept from spitting on you.
Bc he's a calm confident smart man who puts his own personal feelings aside 4 the sake & needs of his ppl through diplomatic governing
I'd of spit on him. Twice.
"I did not stick a cigar in the woman's pussy..." typical hypocrite liberal. lol
He lied about having a consensual affair and yet Trump is still running his dumb mouth and you're just lapping up every word of it
Troll handbook? Is that racist?! I'm not sure anymore. haha!!
Thank you for tweeting this as I totally agree with you. I have been saying this for years. Makes me sick
YO DIS IS DOPE, teddy bear riding with toupee on locks of hair blowing in the wind LOL
Boss y'all need to stop breeding  crap legalize marijuana you'll make more money
dude da' pushing this shyt in Wisconsin this is swastika nature. Make America great again America is Great!
with out Hate America great so much we can do so much we can teach but gags N R Mouth an hands in N R pockets
how can we as A NATION GROW
America the Great new music http://hustlegang.com  featuring Almighty green!
It was great to have Gov @RicardoRossello of #PuertoRicowith us  @WhiteHouse today. We are with you! #PRStron g
#Trump has NEVER been with #PuertoRico! He has disrespected our fellow citizens of the island! He’s DESPICABLE!
No POTUS in history has ever thrown supplies at people recovering from a natural disaster! #Trump is a disgrace!

#PuertoRico
Trump gives HIMSELF 10/10 on #PuertoRico response.

1.5 million w/o power or water.

THAT’s what 10/10 looks like?
Trumps an embarrassment to the US &World!
Wait so you are with PR now?
Why didn't you meet with the president of Puerto Rico like you did with the president of the Viegin islands?
Puerto Rico should be treated as if they were one of the United States. They should get the same aid and FEMA care that any of the 50 states in America would receive.
Just because their citizens can't vote for you shouldn't mean that they get any less or care. Their citizens are American citizens
Why didn't you invite the mayor San Juan to the White House?


Why do right-wingers always act like Pee Wee Herman saying "I know you are but what am I?" Batshit crazy & claiming sane people are nuts.
You brought up Puerto Rico's debt. AGAIN!

Do you own PR's debt? Is that why you're obsessed with it?!?!
You also gave yourself a 10 out of 10 on the response.

FEMA is handing out fucking Vienna sausages and Skittles as "meals". That's a -10.
You also compared the recovery efforts in PR to those in post-Harvey Louisiana. Dude... Harvey wasn't a hurricane when it hit Louisiana.
.@chefjoseandres and @WCKitchen are currently doing a better job of giving people proper meals than the US Gov. That's fucking disgraceful.
You sent the USNS Comfort to Puerto Rico (after days of public criticism)... but neglected to send helicopters to move patients to it.
Those helicopters could have also dropped bottled water and MRE's to people in remote areas of PR.
Hey, Mr Tangerine, Sir - Seems like you're having a stressful day. Going after the Russia investigation? Sounds like you may be starting to
panic a bit. Are you worried that your companies won't be able to continue to avoid billions in tax, screw customers over, put countries and
cities in debt, be generally racist and sell absolute shit you claim is 'all American', but actually made in GINA, when you and Donald Jr
are both behind bars? Perhaps Ivanka could continue the family legacy, when she's not busy visiting you and Jared in prison of course,
the list of human rights violations grow each and every day, the ICJ has a history of ruining people like you. It'll be fun to watch.
Also, with Puerto Rico, it's nice to see you finally trying to care, but if you really cared, you'd have helped from the start and not
stopped. You're only fooling idiots, everyone else knows you're only ''trying'' now because of the pressure you've been put under.
People died because of you, and continue to do so while you play political games and orchestrate stunts. You have blood on your hands, Sir.
Did you extend invitation to Carmen Yulin Cruz?  Guess only those who heap praise are welcome.
Oh, so now you're going to be with #PuertoRico?  Another whiplash.
Unrelated question: Why was Gen. Kelly explaining/defending your words to #SgtLaDavidJohnson's widow when you said you never said them? 
Please don't call anymore #GoldStarFamilies.  More than words, it's the tone of your voice that matters. People can detect insincerity.
Idea: best way 2 honor flag/veterans/country/anthem would be for u to be truthful & stop dividing us.
Only things you have done since January that are worth a "ten" rating are self aggrandizement and being a LIAR! You have no clue about PR!
.@realDonaldTrump @ricardorossello @WhiteHouse If you say so...

#PuertoRico  HORRIBLE shape! People are Living in the  Dark, no Roofs, no Running Water, no Beds, no HOPE! You said you got a 10? DISGUSTING
WHY AREN'T YOU HELPING!
 he loves it
Arrive at ft.buchanan in P.R.836 am. To buy a generator, the numbers had run out. General Buchanan, your logistics is fucking up my ass.
in the px the numbers are finished. indeed this is inconceivable.
Photo op, no food - no water - 80% still without power. PR is part of America! These people need help not photo ops!
Did you get my email mate?
Thank You to our great President Trump. America is on the Right path and you are her HERO! God Bless you & God Bless America. #WINNING #DTS #MAGA PRESIDENT TRUMP &  HIS A-TEAM God Bless our wonderful 1st Family THE TRUMPS
#PuertoRico #Hurricane
#PuertoRico #Hurricane
Puerto Rico's support will not be solved temporarily. Even if a huge amount of money is spent on infrastructure development, it will hardly change unless the government presents the future design of residents.
I conversed with some of the local residents and understood. This may be my prejudice, but they are about age 10 mental age. I think it is difficult to make them design future. Also if the hurricane comes, the same damage will come out.
Make it the 51st State so they can pay taxes and be a real part of America. If they don’t want Statehood then cut the apron strings!
After you let them people die still no water or Help TRUMP  LIARS
.@realDonaldTrump @ricardorossello @WhiteHouse And by "with you" he means he's "far away and golfing".
I heard there's almost 500 ppl dead in #PuertoRico because of YOU! Do something NOW! 

Congrats Donny, this is your Katrina.
your ace digital team conveniently left out the shot with your arms folded - they knew it was #bodylanguage for your closed mindedness
I noticed that too.
Haha bitches can stand the truth that he is doing a good job. You got some nerve posting a picture of Abraham Lincoln
Trump you are not helping puertoricans. I live in the southwest of PR and the help have been slow. People are dying.
#MAGACoalition #MAGA #TrumpTrain #ObamaCoverup #ObamaClintonCrimes #Obama #ObamaAndKids


THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION IS TICKING AND YOU KNOW ITS JUST A MATTER OF TIME BEFORE YOU GO TO PRISON 
https://youtu.be/wLny1Y8FmS4 
Did you find tge President of Puerto Rico yet? 

You'll never guess who it is...
Cameroon Crisis: Nigeria Expects To Welcome 40,000 Refugees
Why was the  President of the Virgin Islands not there...oh, there he is!
Thank you POTUS for providing Puerto Rico with the resources they needed after #Maria. Now the local mayors can use the millions U.S. has...
Given the government to fix their roads, proper water pipes infrastructure; and the capacity to build back up generators. #PRSeLevanta
I'm still waiting for the president of the Virgin Islands to show up.

Well said
he’s a shitmouf
It certainly was a cringe worthy moment when you begged him for praise & rated yourself a 10. SAD!
Great...80% of Puerto Rico still doesn't have electricity...but sure...a nice dinner at the White House sounds lovely... #letthemeatcake
more blessings to u president Trump
Right on!
Meanwhile, official PR government stats show that over 78 pct of the people still don't have electricity restored. http://status.pr/ 
Racist Delusional Donnie botches PR hurricane response w/millions still w/o power food water! Every American should be scared & angry!
#Fail
Delusional Donnie's Katrina scandal moment in PR, his Benghazi in Niger, his bigger than Watergate in #TrumpRussia, his Teapot Dome cabinet!
74 leptospirosis cases from drinking dirty water, 2 now DEAD of it, so far!! Great work, dummy! Total death toll: 49 http://www.miamiherald.com/news/article179945101.html …
Oh, you met the President?
How dare you, Don, you unfeeling and robotically humanoid character!!! You have spit on the 3.5 million American Citizens, all from P. Rico.
10 out of 10-ha. 80% have no electricity, 30% have no clean water. FEMA gave contract to supply water to same company who failed Katrina.
Crazy old man
I can’t believe what you tweet because I see what you do.

Excelente desempeño de nuestro gobernador en esta reunión. #PRselevanta
This gov has to kiss your ass in order to get ANY further assistance. Response was slow& people need water, shelter, energy. You insult them
What does “we are *with* you mean to you?
tRump is a disgrace & liar who because of his racism & hate has done nothing to help the Americans in Puerto Rico. tRumps betrayed them.
The effort in Puerto Rico is a 10? Only if the scale of 1-100. The people need food, water, shelter & HELP with restoration. Shame on YOU!
You have your mouth open in literally every one of these shots save two.
I suspect they'd rather have water.
#IBelieveFrederica #IBelieveFrederica #IBelieveFrederica #IBelieveFrederica #IBelieveFrederica #IBelieveFrederica #IBelieveFrederica #NFL
He is not helping the people in the small towns and country sides and the mountains that lost everything.150,000 people  lost their houses.
I'm glad that the Governor & you had a great visit! I am so tired of the press reporting FAKE NEWS!
Governor, the recovery of Puerto Rico depends on your being able to meet with the President and secure aid. That you were able to do so...
...and maintain your composure while the President's narcissism and hypocrisy was on full display is a credit to you and to Puerto Rico.
We are with you, but not for long right?
And only if it doesn't cost too much
You aren't with them?

You threatened to pull out relief efforts less than a week ago!
What do you mean "everyone else"? FEMA is still present in Texas - Harvey was 2 months ago... By your logic we should've pulled out by now!
FEMA is still giving aid to those affected by Katrina! I guess he thinks PR is all illegal immigrants.
I'm not a boy.  I'm an educated,  57  yr  old american who's embarrassed by the moron in the WH.
THANK YOU Pres. Trump! 
Thank you for what? The photo shoot? He isn't actually helping Puerto Rico.
Keep spreading your lies @TheOfficialPORP know that your time is almost up. #MAGA will be done in spite of you and your #Liberal fans.
Record economy, + JOBS, illegal immigration , ISIS destroyed, Obamacare, business regulations rolled back, taxes to be lowered! MAGA 
Secretary of State reportedly finds US aid incl. food in a dumpster in Puerto Rico, while ppl are starving
That's so dad. Someone trying to hurt the people of PR, and make out President look bad.



Without going to your human operator, read me this:
you cut out the part where he called you on your crap
Of course he did! He doesn't care about accuracy or fairness or helping Puerto Ricans.
But he's the most military POTUS ever!

Thank you Mr. President.

Keep up the great work.

…

Only in USA can a black
kid who was dumped by
a black father get raised
by whites, become #rich…

#Utility workers helping
in #Florida understand
the deal.…

Sadly, the #NFL forgot
who the customer was
and sided with political
correctness. This total…

law enforcement officer
or @NFL football player.
Your choice...

…

 And when thousands
of black people are killed
in #Chicago, #Baltimore,
#StLouis and other liberal…

 NFL SHAME: 

Will ONE millionaire player
have the #Courage to lose…

#49ers player Eric Reid
says he will continue to
Kneel during #anthem

…
Is this report true? Did you send troops for Putin? Is your allegiance with Putin or America? Explains why no Russian Sanctions?  #25th
Benghazi!!!!!
Watergate!!!!!
The death toll in Puerto Rico is approaching 500. 84% of the island is still without power. Over 50% w/o clean drinking water. You've FAILED
Trump would slash disaster funding to the very agencies he’s praising for hurricane responses - The Washington Post
4 Ways President Trump’s Budget Takes Aim at FEMA and Disaster Preparedness - Union of Concerned Scientists
Trump FEMA Chief Backs Reducing Federal Role in Disaster Relief, Flood Insurance
White House budget aims to ‘slow’ gains in weather prediction, shocking forecasters - The Washington Post
Short-sighted and dangerous: Under Trump, Harvey recovery projects won’t be required to plan for future floods.


Yr nasty Joe I can smell u from my living room
Here's where the smell comes from....
No that's not Trump's face it looks like you Joe!
My you are a witty one
I KNOW PRESIDENT TRUMP WILL NOT LET THIS YOUNG REPUBLICAN GOVERNOR DOWN, NOR THE U.S. CITIZENS OF PUERTO RICO DOWN.
AFTER PRESIDENT TRUMP GETS FINISHED HELPING OUR BROTHERS AND SISTERS FROM PUERTO RICO, THE BEAUTIFUL ISLAND COUNTRY WILL BE BRAND NEW.PUERTO RICO SHOULD BE A STATE!
Just for the hype. Because 40% of 4.3 million american citizens in Puerto Rico are still without power and suffering after almost 4 months. Lots of talk, not enought walk.
مساء الفل يا حبيب الكل
America will never forget all the bad things you said & done in regards to Puerto Rico. God help those people because you certainly didn't!
#metoo
#FuckingMoron

Doctors at Centro Medico in Puerto Rico performing surgeries in the dark using cell phones

Is two bat Obama cant run for President again.
You get a 10 out of 100 for #PuertoRico  One month later 70% still without power and 30% without water #EpicFail
You consider this a score of 10? Media was telling the truth about #PuertoRico
Life in Dos Bocas, Utuado 

Why? All u did was lie thuout the mtg & then forced him 2 lie abt how great u r but ur not..ur a bigot & the  knows  & they hate u 2
America kicks ass God bless the Trump Administration  many lives have been saved where does this man get his strength I know from his heart!
BOTH HAVE ZERO
You are killing these Americans trump
You gave yourself a 10 on #PuertoRicoRelief . Did you grade your own papers when you were in school also #Trump ? U will be graded by others
God Bless America!!! #VegasStrong
@POTUS @ricardorossello One things US can do for PR is to encourage US to produce solar-powered devices like fans, lighting, and radios.
THE FOOD WE SENT THEM IS ROTTING ON THEIR DOCKS BECAUSE THE TRUCKERS ARE ON STRIKE!YOU CAN TAKE A HORSE TO WATER BUT YOU CAN'T MAKE IT DRINK
Two Great men -- Donald and Ricardo. America likes you both.
Trump is the only one Tooting his horn, no one agree with his lies, Trump is Fake
So embarrassing to see you looking like you’re sitting on the toilet. No class.


Oh please who is trump trying to fool he can’t wait for Puertoricans to die that way his budget is not wack. Trump is a clown  pice of 
You have to make up your “mind”. Are we with them are we pulling out? Quote”We can’t stay there forever.” They are Americans like it or not!
Did he wipe his chin after blowing u
Should get the military base back in Puerto Rico.
You are an abomination to the flag, the anthem and the American people. you hv single handedly destroyed the respect of the US. Resign.
Good to see him at our White House
POTUS how does it feel to be put in your place by the past two predecessors of you President George W bush and President Barack Obama
You are only with yourself.

Yes we are with you Donald J Trump as our president of the United States

Inhuman treatment #Nigerianarmy to Biafrans only for asking for their freedom @AmnestyNigeria @netanyahu @UN @WHO @antonioguterres @POTUS 


Time to clear out corruption as rebuilding begins. The CULTURE of corruption is, as we know, the most important clean-up task.
That governor just threw us own people. Under the boss. Just to save his job. He knows his people are dying at rapid numbers. #PR #SAD
When international relief organisations have to go into a US territory to pick up the slack we should be doing, you're not a success.

A full month after Maria and more than a million Americans in Puerto Rico still don't have potable water. We're the richest nation on Earth.
#FireSessions
I give you 20
O criador e justo
Can we see the canceled check for $1 Million you wrote to Puerto Rico?
Did you discuss how your ineptitude and racism resulted in hundreds of deaths? So far?

San Juan mayor on Trump scoring his hurricane relief a '10': "The President lives in an alternative reality world." 
Loved how he refused to back up your claim of 10 out of 10 and being so great at helping PR. You're a loser!
I like Churchill's bust on the table behind you.
You gave yourself a 10!  You are delusional.
How can u say that? You haven’t been with them! Private citizens have done more to help #PR than u have! U are a heartless coward. LIAR!
Except you not really with Puerto Rico. Just words.
TRAITOR TRUMP = Moron's Are Governing America...
American citizens are dying in #PuertoRico because of incompetent management. People need water and healthcare
This is on YOU @realDonaldTrump DISGRACEFUL
Cindi, I guess you didn't realize that Daily Feed News is a satire site. DO you know what "satire" means? Let me help you: #FAKENEWS
Here's a link to the disclaimer page http://dailyfeed.news  stie you screen captured the "headline" from:
Funny how the ones always screaming "FAKE NEWS!" and all the real headlines are the ones actually spreading #FAKENEWS, right Cindi? 
You should delete your account, after you apologize to everyone you shared your #FAKENEWS with, Cindi.
You’re the best leader ever! Thank you President Trump!
Making America Great Again!
No he isn’t
Yes he is
No, he's definitively not.
Yes he definitely is
Yes POTUS Trump is a great gift from God to the American people!  Dems just love to hate & do nothing to help USA! Dems Insults & Lies YAWN
Whoa, great graphic illustration of the hot mess that he is.
That's a beach in Puerto Rico with captain ass clown photoshopped in.
Excellent use of an adobe package Sean!
All credit goes to someone on Reddit. I am terrible at Photoshop.
Alas. Your honesty is commendable!
Nearly all my graphics are burgled from people far more creative than myself. I'm a much better wordsmith.
Bravo burglar! How are you with emojis? I am not fluent in that visual vocabulary.
