Obama was born in Hawaii and never wire-tapped you! You had no Congress in the hospital...People need healthcare! Your tax plan is BS! ..
He did wiretap Trump. It's been reported as fact. He ordered the FBI I believe.
@realDonaldTrump's #tweets are far from fact. As a woman, I urge you to #wakeup. @POTUS has made it clear he hates us, and you will get no benefit from blindly supporting such a flagrant #misogynist.
So well said! All women should stand up against Trump!
He is dangerous to America! Our children count on us to protect them!
He is our president.  Better get on board.
No, thank you. I like our freedoms, which are guaranteed by the #Constitution. However, I can appreciate and respect that you are happy.
it happened in 2009, 2010, 2011, 2013, 2014 & 2015 under President Obama. Also, we are still under Obama's fiscal year. Yours start 10/1/17
Obama's is not the President, so who cares
Let me say it slower for you...we are still under Obamas fiscal year. Trump has had zero affects on our economy yet. Get it?
Wow! That’s a good one. What world are you living in?

Ha ha ha ... yeah that's right. I remember clearly how hard Obama worked to get the economy rolling again.     NOT!!!!
No one is buying it!
Huh? You do realize that facts prove that he saved us from a recession and then the economic & job growth was plentiful. You can not like
Thanks Obama!
This guy is lying in your faces and most of you won't figure it out. But it's okay, because you all are part of the "group thinking effect".
It's a psychological phenomenon that effects both sides. And you won't recognize it, until you're out of those groups.
It's called
The continuation of the upwards curve of the Obama economy
The Obama administration had over 3.1 GDP growth 7 times
You have 1
Happened 8 times under Obama.  Why do you feel the need to constantly lie?
Wrong

He didn't realize that he was still enjoying Obama's fiscal year. Let's see what his looks like.
#Obama never reached 3% GDP in 8 yrs until after he left office? .....you believe this? #MAGA

Drain the swamp -- fuel the economy.
Trump has just started his first fiscal yea. So he hasn't experienced any economic growth as yet. Let's see what his budget looks like.
Obama budget was up end of September. Trump's begins Oct1. Let's talk again in 1 yr.
President Donald Trump said that cutting taxes would bring back Main Street&spur U.S. economy to growth not seen since the Great Recession.
You lost me "President Donald Trump said...."
It was higher a year ago under Obama. So the economy is getting worse.
Yep,no one seems2see writing on the wall though w fed rates on the rise,increased govt spending,deficit&tax cuts4wealthy= recipe4disaster!
Happened under real President Obama in 2009, 2010, 2011, 2013, 2014 and 2015 so stop lying; #MAGA followers leaving you left and right LIAR
No we are not leaving Pres. Trump!!! He is making great strides in just a few months. Lots to look forward too under his leadership!!!
Please inform us of what he has done. Please educate us!
Does he even know what the GDP is?
Unlikely, bc he failed to state "unit" beside his figure&it wasn't due to lack of space on Twitter,counts as ONE character 
Obama actually had it up to over 5 at one time. Quit lying as you are half the president Obama was.

What counts is keeping and growing economy. Not just sporadic ones Obama might have done. Trolls on here. Trump will MAGA!!!
Great job Pres. Trump!
Great job?? WHERE?
Get educated or learn a trade
Get educated.                             Learn a trade.                            How about you get a fucking brain? Idiot
I can always tell when I am so right that a person has to resort to using profanity. Lol 

Just a reminder...

Hillary- Nasty
Mayor of San Juan- Nasty
NFL Players- Sons Of Bitches
Democrats- Losers

Nazis- Fine People
This happened multiple times under President Obama. You're a liar
First President in a long time that understands basic economics. And not a business poseur like George W. Bush.  #MAGA 
You're the dumbest man I've ever heard of.
Not true, people that voted for him have less functioning brain cells
You got me! Too true.
Not you--it was the other guy, whose work you're undoing.  Lying again.
Obama Did Better In 2016!  U.S. economy grew at 3.2% pace in third quarter 2016
Happened eight times under Obama.
#Taxes #BLOTUS #Fucktrump
You don’t know what the hell you’re doing
No we are not.
You know this is a lie but you get away with it because your supporters are so uninformed. GDP 3.1 several times under President Obama
Sustainability is what counts. Not a few jumps that don't last!!!
Best President EVER!
#russianbot
“It happened during six out of the eight years of Obama's Presidency.” 
R. Mariotti
Once again you try to profit off labor/work of others.
Altogether now, say... Thanks OBAMA 
Thanks Obama!
We're still in Obama's last fiscal year, right? Good for him!
Way to go #POTUS! #MAGA
Bitter Democrats said "cars will fly" before President TRUMP policies work for a GDP of 2%: Amazing Exceeded 3%! Americans voted for Him!
Thanks Decent Democrats, Republicans, Libertarians-Independent Citizens for voting for Pres. Trump. Protecting USA&Citizens Future-TRUMP2020
Your doing great at you agenda don't get distracted by the leftist that don't want you to succeed. 
Hang in there we support you all the way
OMG the worse president ever. Lol #maga all the way!!
Just think of this: If @potus is the worst ever then the USA will take over the world with the next couple of presidents right? @potus in DIRECT talks with NK. Never heard that in the past have we!? #maga on baby #covfefe
Porque no los dos?
@Bengaljohn  DJ Trump, yes your consistent work and efforts are felt and known in the business world caused the 3.1% in short time MAGA !!
Great news! Go Trump, or get out of the way
Thank you President Obama!

So, say it with me, "Thank you, President Obama!"
Lying, dotard, hypocritical, moronic, POS. A "leader" lifts up #thepoorlyeducated, he doesn't exploit them.
The Trump disinformation machine & his trolls are  "trump"eting 3.1% GDP, saying Obama never achieved that. False! Say #ThanksObama 
Lying sack of orange sh!t  #Resist #Fucktrump
Great
JEFF SESSIONS 
IS WAITING 
TIME WILL RUN OUT
N ALL THE CRIMINALS 
WILL GO FREE 
LOCK CLINTON UP
LOCK COMEY UP
THE WALL
N
LOCK HER UP
Bureau of Economic Analysis shows GDP never topped 2.7% growth in eight years of Obama.  Thank you President Trump for breaking the 3% mark!
Thank you @BarackObama !!!!

@realDonaldTrump , my only beef with you is that there are no special prosecutors looking into Comey, Lynche, Clinton, Rice, et al !!!!!!
Are you forgetting all the times is happened under Obama? 6 of 8 years. History is not your best subject. Try reading. #FakePresident
President Trump said:'On a yearly basis,the last administration during an 8 year period never hit 3%, so we're really on our way,"
President Trump said:'In the last 10 years, our economy has grown at only around 2 percent a year,"

Who exactly are these "many people" you are always quoting?  Seriously want to know.
Fake Donald had nothing to do about it.
You haven't done shit. You're taking credit for someone else's work. If it was bad the you'd gladly acknowledge Obama!
Never believe a serial liar.  He is pretending this is a Trump accomplishment. Read US economic analysis. #FactsMatter #GetEducated
Ohhh and 2013 too!
Remember when Obama announced 3.1? Me neither.
Yah well, "many people" are stupid; they are known by some of us as "Trump's people".
MEN YOU ARE TOTALLY CRAZY,I BLAME
YOUR CHILDREN AND MELANIA FOR
THIS,I'M GOING TO SUED THEM
FOR THEY IRRESPONSIBILITY
Another Trump lie - Obama's quarterly GDP growth was frequently higher!
Sit down and SHUT IT! Did you escape yer handlers at #DonnyDaycare ?
Sorry, but the figures that were just released are attributed to President Barack Obama NOT you.
Your records are just LIES & nothing more
https://twitter.com/Silence58570099/status/915531919948881920 …
Forever and always a business man with a good heart and a great mind. Making America Great again if others swallow pride to work with u
Please Thank Donald Trump for the increase.
That my president!
It is indeed a remarkable achievement. Salute.
What specifically do you point to your team having done to drive that GDP figure?
You lie. #IMPEACH
happened many times under @POTUS44 and it's happening again! You didn't build that.....did you even know it's not your fiscal year yet?
Thanks for telling us what’s really happening since the lying media won’t
It happened nearly every year of Obama's presidency. You must have missed that. #ImpeachTrump #TrumpResign
#MAGA
Great
WTG PRESIDENT TRUMP. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK. #MAGA
#ThanksObama
keep up the good work and disregard fake obama news numbers
#GETIT #GETIT #MAGA
You have done NOTHING except for lies and ... golf.  Puerto Rico, is America remember?
Just another lie.  We get it.  You're old and you don't know what you're talking about or what you're doing.  #ResignNow
Once again you are LYING THROUGH YOUR TEETH.Obama raised GDP at least 5 times in 8 years. You are so jealous petty and   #DonTheCon. Liar!
it happened in 2009, 2010, 2011, 2013, 2014 and 2015 under President Obama you fool.
Takes a fiscal year to see a change.  Thanks should go 2 people looking for, getting & keeping jobs; spending & employers believing & hiring
Go DONALD J. TRUMP...THE BEST POTUS, EVER!!!
GDP is an archaic calculation of economic well being. It exponentially increases after disasters, as it doesn't measure loss & destruction.
@realDonaldTrump This is what matched my search for GDP in CNN website.  Zero stories about GDP increase to 3.1%. 
GDP was that or higher 6 of 8 yrs during PBOs administration. You are sowing the Repub seeds of recession/depression. Again. With same lies.
6 of 8 years by Barack Obama matched or exceeded this number
You have not done anything.
GDP increasing & National Debt decreasing.
A #POTUS that's getting the job done!
@realDonaldTrump 
The President America Needs!
#USA 
Thanks, Obama.
STILL NOT YOUR DOING! THANKS OBAMA!!!
Your understanding of this economics is amazing!
Such a phony. GDP up under obama for multiple years
In the last 10 years, US economy has grown at only around 2 percent a year," President Trump said.
You are a great Potus!
The list of countries with 7% GDP includes Nauru, Iraq, Ethiopia, Uzbekistan, Cote D'Ivoire, Iceland & Cambodia, according to IMF data.
Of 200 countries whose economies are tracked by IMF just 7 saw real, inflation-adjusted gross domestic product rise by 7 %or more last year.
Its true. I did think it would take years with you at the helm.
I do not like green eggs and ham; I do not like this librarian 
Over 3 gdp levels in 2009, 2010, 2011, 2013, and 2014
So your telling us you did worse than President Obama. Why would you tell us that?

Illegal Aliens Cost the U.S. 135 Billion Dollars Each Year. Here's the breakdown of how that money is spent. http://www.theblaze.com/news/2017/09/27/the-cost-of-illegal-immigration-is-at-a-record-high-here-are-the-numbers-you-need-to-know/ …
OMG!!! Hey everyone, GDP is approaching number it hit during Obama's presidency. @realDonaldTrump loves to lie, skew, & molest women. #maga
SAD how you feel the need to take credit for the work others in order to feel validated #Daddyissues #Loser
It was above 3% eight times during Obama.....
Team TRUMP
Again. Those "many people" are just the fucking voices in your head!
#PretenderPOTUS
it's great seeing all trump's treason bots all agreeing with each other.
And by "many people" you mean people who have no concept of reality.
Liar! Traitor! Failure!
LIAR. It happened on 8 separate quarters under President Barack Obama. Stop lying every time you open your mouth.
Please explain how the GDP works...
The US did that under Obama many times you old fool
You know it was higher at time during the last presidency
Hopefully you, DJT, will be gone before much longer.  Impeachment, prison, death, just gone.
Lie! It was at that level numerous times AND he had a 3.3! Nice try! You just lie & lie every time you move your lips!
I wish you were as concerned about American citizens as you are money. Need a lot more love, and a lot less Trump!
You warned Canada during your campaign but Justin Trudeau & Gerald Butts were admiring cloud formations. 
Good! I need a new gold-plated riding crop to ward off the poor, especially those cholera riddled Puerto Ricans. Good job, son!
Thank you President Obama for putting us in a safe economy!
It happened at least 5 times b4 u moved into the #WhiteHouse, liar. Ur so hated by the world and yet you still persevere. #Resign, conman.

What have you done?
Man! I work in finance & still had to look up data as who'd think pres of the US would exaggerate so blatantly. His supporters believe too
billionaire bonanza
Typically Millionaires and billionaires always do well when the economy is going well unless you're over overspending Hollywood Entertainer...
THANK YOU SIR for this positive tweet!Keep them all positive & you can help bridge the terrible divide in our great nation! #MAGA #MASA
That’s a lie. Do you ever tell the truth? Obama did this several times. Get a clue.


Trump says 2nd Q GDP growth of 3.1% is "a number that hasn't been hit for a long time." It was hit 8 times under Obama most recently in 2015
Rewind to Nov. 2016 you said unemployment #'s were wrong and actually 43% fast forward to January 2017 you say unem. 4%
This is solid growth. Something Obama couldn't do.
Well actually I have something that would make you look like a hero you should have someone from your team contact me !
Cool
It happened 6 times under President Obama.
Read the whole article. As usual tramp makes no sense. Rep don’t know economics
Why are Dems always void of facts and truth.
Sorry to be the party of science, data, and facts. Can’t cry fake news forever.
Thanks Obama!
You mean the same Obama who was only President to never have 3% GDP?  Masterful he can do it 9 months after leaving office!
Don’t be an idiot.
My mistake.  Maybe CNN is giving me fake news.
Oh, so you are moving the goalposts to yearly? How trumpy of you.
Quarters make a year.  Obama had 8 of them to do it.  He failed.
Trump was talking quarters. Nice try though.
He can talk in pink tutu for all I care, he wins.  Unlike Obama.
Years-long upward trend starting under Obama

Had 8 quarters at 3%+
2009 Q4 3.9
2010 Q2 3.9
2011 Q4 4.6
2013 Q3 3.1
2013 Q4 4.0
2014 Q2 4.6
2014 Q3 5.2
2015 Q1 3.2

Two consecutive quarters at 3%+ 
2013 Q3 3.1
2013 Q4 4.0

Two consecutive quarters at 4%+ 
2014 Q2 4.6
2014 Q3 5.2
GDP going up excellent
Thank you Obama!
Trump Supporters, not surprised.   Thinking how great it would be without the liberal roadblocks.
Then there should be enough money to help Puerto Rico and guarantee a good health care program, right?
How could you be a supportive of this guy ?
Because he isn’t a politician.  Simple.  Our founding fathers didn’t plan on people making a career out of politics.
So are you saying slavery should be something that comes back ?? Because our founding fathers were slave owners.
I bet CNN jumps all over this since they have been so nice to you!  Haha
Kkkkkkkkkkkhehe
Thank u my President please don't ever quit ur doing a great work in America! God loves it n so do I!

Your screwing the middle class, not what you promised
so I like china
أجتنب  قواة المسلمين
يا خبيث

Mr Trump we can pay for helthcare if you would meet me I have a invention that can help make clean electricity and pay for helthcare
Obama - THANK YOU!!   TRUMP is USELESS.
Give the small eyes, hell Mr. President.
#Arrogant #Uncaring #Racist #Tyrannical #Unfair #Sexist #Communist #Greedy #Dishonest #Cynical #Untrustworthy #Explosive #Dangerous #Moron
The crash has started, buddy. #youdarngoof
Looks like 1929 again

Great sir ji
Thank you Mr President. #MAGA
