Don't worry Mr. President! We the people HAVE your back!!
Right you are.....the liberal crybabies forget half this country agreed with Donald
Elections are coming and the crybabies will be looking for a new line of work! We the people are taking our country back!!!
Yep there are some true losers our there MR.PRESIDENT, and they hate us.
And yet it is OK for you and your orange leader to hate Obama and express that hatred openly, loudly and with just as much disrespect.
You people on the left say the :Right" is Racist. Bullshit.I have many people of different  color I have as friends.
The DOJ needs to go after those who got the FISA warrant based on BS, who apparently are STILL violating people's 4th Am. rights in the BLM, FBI, CIA, NSA, etc. (Some need to go to prison)  A full pardon for the Hammonds, Bundys, other ranchers & others involved.
One year later and @potus, falsely presidential, actually a reality-TV personality @realDonaldTrump is, “All talk, talk, talk - no action or results. Sad!” #DefendTheFifth  #stablegenius #GoDawgs
.@realDonaldTrump "All talk", huh? Mr. Prez-Elect, have you no decency? This man is a true American hero. You should be ashamed of yourself.
I'm a year late but would that filthy racist ever put his life on the line for the rights of a race, a faith, a gender, and so on. He wouldn't even do that for one of his kids.
You are embarrassing..  Go learn about the history of what John Lewis has done.  He has done more to move this country forward than you ever will.  What disgraceful words!
DOJ needs to get busy with thoae who murdwred Levoy Finicum in Burns, OR; those at the BLM & those who took part in the Hammond & Bundy, BLM, corrupt FBI & others who burned cattle, homes, etc., then double jeopardy tried them for "treason": bc they tried to save their homes, etc
John Lewis is a living legend, famous for his courage, integrity, morals, values, ethics, and actions.

You are only famous for your money, bankruptcies, and TV show. Your Presidential title demands respect, but that doesn’t mean you deserve it.

John Lewis deserves respect.
Go Alabama!
There are slurs in your tweets too Mr president.
Did it ever occur to you that maybe YOU should apologize
Did it ever occur to you (BHM Weekly) that the liberal media are no longer choreographers of the information flow.
true, largely taken over by trolls
It would be good if you could do the wall that you've promised
I guess we have to wait until 12:01 PM Friday for you to start acting like a president?
This election was a joke. It is crime infested and it will all come out in the wash and you will be impeached.
All you do is talk about the election results, complaining despite the fact you (sort of) won. (1)
Shutup, fake president.
U are the President. Be an example Build trust. Stop Dividing Anericans. Ur job is to be everyone's leader. Inc/ opponents.
I'm more concerned about your crime infested presidency, Comrade. #putinspuppet
what is wrong with you? Petty, inaccurate, retaliatory Tweets show your out of control ego and NPD. You're not my POTUS.
Children never like to  reprimanded, but these Democrats do. Be the adult Mr. President and take care of them, they're kids
So sad, so embarrassing, so pathetic! shall be a comical time in American History then probable impeachment.  So sad!!!
YOU'RE NOT FIT TO SHINE JOHN LEWIS' SHOES, YOU DRAFT DODGING TYRANT.
oh, Donnie, you are so scared, you are destroying yourself, tweet by tweet...you're gonna look so good behind bars.
he is not the president for ALL American people. Hes shown his true self now

Rep John Lewis has done more for the people of the US than Russia's puppet has or will ever do....
waaaah waaaah waaaaah...STOP BEING A CRY BABY!!!!!
what is sad is no matter ow hard people try to help you - your ignorance comes out on Twitter.  Focus. #NoMoreTantrums
Talk is norm when it comes to government, Hope this is thing of the past... Just do it! Maybe #Nike is right.
he is your president grow up and deal with it for 4 years
Said the pot to the kettle...
picking another fight to detract from the fact that you have no idea what you're doing. Sad!
Can't agree more & say any better. Idiots are everywhere -
Nothing false about it - you lost the popular vote, remember? In any other democracy, you would be the LOSER.

#TheResistance #DemForce #unPOTUS
#TheResistance #DemForce #unPOTUS
#TheResistance #DemForce #unPOTUS
Do you ever listen to your insults, twitler? So much for the love and respect for and from the black voters.
So you tried to delegitimize Obama's presidency and now you get upset when someone calls you out. Wah, wah
you have NO concept of what a leader is or should be. You are a racist and bigot and will never be respected as POTUS!
I live in Lewis' district. Here is a pic of our "infested district." RT@realDonaldTrump
We live in the district, too. Cascade. Just finished an outdoor project.  We'll make it . . . .somehow!!!
That can't possibly be! Wow Black people can have nice things too!
I know, right!  Stunning--we live the American dream, too! 
Oh well, we're here and thriving! They may as well get with the program!
No doubt. Not going ANYWHERE!
True that! We've come a long way to go back! Here to stay and thrive!
#i so agree#he should start working for his money#that's what we pay him for#
Easy fixes for all. Let's see. Make it happen and stop yappin!
all talk, Donald?
@gop @TheDemocrats @BBC @sternde I remember this photo 2. Do U DT? Do U know what it was about?
No action or results? While he was getting beaten by police in the fight for civil rights, your father was refusing to house black people.
WHERE ARE THE TAX RETURNS? ALL TALK TALK TALK NO ACTION. SAD!
It's been all talk and no do or when something was done, it wasn't in the best interest for the American Citizens for 20yrs
how does it feel to be investigated for coop with Russian spies?  LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP!  LOCK HIM UP!  Nice doesn't it?

but... But he had a comic book done about him! He MUST be relevant! 
Every day I try to teach teenagers how to deal with conflicts with peers using class and grace. Your tweets are killing me.

.@realDonaldTrump Honey, you can't keep waking up flooded with rage over the election and your critics. You're going to make yourself sick.
.@realDonaldTrump When you attack anyone who doubts or criticizes you, you make the political seem personal. That's not how you President.
.@realDonaldTrump Oh dear lord, honey, it's MLK weekend and this is John Lewis on the far right. Hand over your Twitter to a nice aide.
It's sexist to refer to someone as honey. It's 2017. Please act like it.   @realDonaldTrump
Thanks for the gender discrimination advice, MAGA Mack. You bring up a really interesting semantic argument.
Is the term "honey" inherently sexist? Certainly not. A husband calling his wife honey is a term of endearment.
So it's a matter of usage. If you call a female coworker "honey," that can be seen as diminishment. We agree on that I hope.
So given that loaded social context, let's shift gears to satire, which is how I'm using it.
Donald has the impulse control of a three-year-old.
That's really insulting to 3 year olds. Even they don't act like this EVERY SINGLE DAY.
You need a mental health check.  Please, for all our safety, admit you are what you warned against #Hypocrite
Not sure if this is an attack on Mr.Trump, the mental health community or Mexicans.
On DT only!
You may wish to work upon honing your message.
Agreed.
Like the lady said, "When they go low, we go high." Hit hard, but hit clean.
I try to most times. I have to remember to take a deep breath in between the frustration.
I am bracing myself for the rocky road ahead as well.
just a question , I don't want an argument but was it a dem government who arrested Lewis ?
you do realize there was a polar shift right?
OK, the dems blocked civil rights, you are right but why is GOP considered " racist " ?
because there was a polar shit. The southern (racist) dems jumped ship to Repub party
I don't get the whole race thing anyway , it's not an issue where I'm from
.@realDonaldTrump "All talk no action?" U were an athlete but got 5 deferments 2 avoid Vietnam 4 bone spurs? LOL http://nyti.ms/2jkdAxz 
@HuffingtonPost @politico @thehill @dcexaminer  ignorant, ignorant,  ignorant old many. Y dont u let ur steam out this wY
Yes! yes! yes! Bunch of whinny " rug rats" Rich brats are the worst! And I am pro ! Success, these brats never earned a say
Please, keep talking. I always yawn when I am interested.
I wish you would stop tweeting before you know it, it will be classified, confidential info ! You mouth just keeps flowing.
The fact that you need to tweet insults to feel good about yourself is sad.
You Have seen failure in our Gov. Now pay attention to History in the making. DJT will show you what success is all About!
fake president
look at this fool y'all
@Trump_World So true.
They don’t care about emails, the illegal behavior of politicians, the death of our soldiers…  #PresidentDonaldJJTrump <3
'll
Mr. Trump, most times no response is the response.  Stop making up for possibly being bullied as a kid!

prove it every day. You are a pathetic excuse for an American, and an embarrassment on an international level...
"all talk talk talk no action no results" interesting still waiting on your actions and results..
that's how most describe you. All talk, no action - just lies
fyi, we're doing just fine in the 5th. Curious, where'd you get the idea we have a crime issue?
John Lewis was fighting for civil rights when your father was marching with the KKK.  Sad!!!
tax infested! Forget crime infestations.  We need a tax exterminator!
Mr. President, Everytime I see someone doubting the legitimacy of your victory,  we're back in the Basket of Deploables"!
They are just haters Sir. These people better start recognizing the skills. I appreciate you.
And we should expect action or results from you?  The only thing you have promised is to deny millions health insurance!
@Diana1273 Thank you for daily dose of stupid, illegitimate president
I had to find city data, district data is scarce. New districts were drawn, people suffer there in the 5th. No lie triumphs
and this is a flat out lie you don't look up anything you just spout lies like nobody will look it up. we're not stupid.
Be a real american an respect the constitution. You lost. We won! Stop being a baby. Support Trump
"Mommy, mommy! Look over there! Look!!!!"   *Sticks tiny hands in cookie jar*
so sorry John Lewis was so disrespectful towards you.  Your response was very gracious considering his comments.
---your presidency is as illegitimate as they come.
you are one of the "deplorables"
YOU ARE LESS POPULAR WITH EVERY TWEET.
Save your breath – you’ll need it to blow up your date.
JUST STOP!!!
Was this some sort of sneaky plan to distract #Americans from something else?
Can you get even more stupid?
are leading and dealing with here. Just ctfo with your senseless tirades and tweets. We are all sick of it.
http://occupydemocrats.com/2017/01/17/370-cities-across-world-just-announced-trump-inauguration-protests/ …
trump will stop the crime in less then a weeks from now
You’re not stupid; you just have bad luck when thinking. 
 Your mom's so ugly she made Chuck Norris have a heart attack
не обращайте внимание, делайте своё и дальше, всё хорошо будет.

keep the trash coming trump #enoughrope
Just grow up.... and by the way #IamNotaReporter and #IWanttoSeeYourTaxReturns.
grow up Donald

Here's howItIsJerk, millionsMoreAmericansHateU thanLIkeU.
Ur ownCabinetWillStabU.WelcomeToTheRealWorld.
WatchUrBack!
That's true.
Sad is being a soulless hump who lies so often it shows up as a disturbance on doppler radar.
/ President Trump I for one believe you will be able to do some amazing things to make us TRULY "GREAT" again.
Thank you
Thank you Mr. President for telling it like it is .Good riddance who needs them anyway. Hes been on the payroll too long.
"all talk no action" about a man who has been beaten bloody, tear-gassed & marched at Selma fighting for what's right.
your very sad to say that!
He's the only
one brave enough to call it like it is. My respect for him has grown exponentially.
calling what like it is?  His statement was a lie. The district has a strong economy & not crime ridden.
the statement may have been factual abt other districts & Reps...but it was a lie abt Lewis. Why would you be proud of this?
you misunderstood me. Lewis was the first to voice the truth about Trump. He's not legit.
gotcha! Yes, I did misunderstand.
AND NOW they face the consequences but will they own up to it and correct it?
>Trump is making America the laughing caricature of the world,destroys US integrity.Rep.John Lewis fought for voting rights
You have some nerve to say something about Mr. Lewis. He has done plenty for humanity.  You only care about yourself. #Sad
You are sad.
#FuckTrump #Trump #NotMyPresident #TrumpLeaks "I Have A Dream" #martinlutherkingday "Martin Luther King" #MLKDAY
See pics of dt action vs John Lewis "talk"@realDonaldTrump Idk djt. Looks like you're lying....again and again and again.....
So, fighting for our country (McCain) and 4 civil rights (Lewis) doesn't impress you, but meddling in our election does?!?!
Look, you aint funny. Your life is just a joke.
Man in golden tower with twitter diarrhea calls man who risked life and limb for equal rights "all talk no action". Mad.
lol
Illegitimate because of Russian hacking? Then why it "succeeded" in nowhere but only the rust belt?
Drop it. Get busy governing. Expose dems when they obstruct.
#GOP must support presidentcy. Legislation is a key.
FIX ACA.
of course you want them to take the focus off you. Insult people so it can make you look better, & the trumpets will follow
A President who is into name calling instead of statesmanship, grubbyness instead of empathy and compassion deserves critic
What is SAD IS ''YOU'' TRUMP !\
I agree, he looks like he is asleep even when he is awake
Someday you’ll go far… and I hope you stay there.
Sad, very, sad.  Will ya'll please get this man off of Twitter.  A country is depending on it.  Bad example of a POTUS.
you are sad.
Not sure what's worse...you worried about what one congressman said or that over 70k liked your tweet. Now that's sad!
John Lewis took a beat down with MLK while @realDonaldTrump was dodging the draft #AllTalkNoAction
John Lewis should apologize to you, your millions of voters and God. Franklin Graham said God had hand in your election.
can complaint be "false"?  Last I checked, complaints are personal opinions.
The only thing more sad is your attitude and lack of respect. check the record carrot face Lewis has a great district
Learn from your parents mistakes - get sterilized
Your lips keep moving but all I hear is “Blah, blah, blah.”

what's sad is a PE denigrating a true champion of civil rights. #IStandWithJohnLewis #trumpturningbacktheclock
you are sad
What you tweet uncovers your inner person. And for your case, its terrible
No action? How about the Civil Rights movement? Too bad you lost the POPULAR vote -- the PEOPLE -- by 2.8 million votes!
more bigoted Trumpsumptions. http://www.ajc.com/news/gen-politics/trump-trashes-john-lewis-district-things-know-about-5th-congressional-district/6ud2uFWqgOU0RF7vRaIpJP/ …
"All talk, talk, talk - no action or results." NOTE: Idle rant delivered by tweet. Likely from an overpriced arm chair, on a weekend morning
you're wrong. @repjohnlewis is twice the leader you ever will be and you should look to him as a mentor.
YOU SOUD SO HATEFUL!
OR IS YOUR TONE OF WRITING ALWAYS VINDICTIVE?
OR YOU DEMEAN ANYONE WHO DISAGREES OR DONT SING UR PRAISES
Speaking of talk talk talk, how about you do a little less of it and tell us about your health care plan?
pathetic you are, Lewis true hero, risking his life while you dodged VD.
it's so eay to condem and insult. Try improving, instead of belittling,  that accomplishes nothing ecept alienation.
Replace the "Lewis" in that sentence with "President elect" and you're spot on.
that's the problem with most politicians - all talk and no action. nothing gets done to address the issues
His area here in Atlanta is crime infested this is true. He needs to clean up his act and take some action!
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
Yo mama so fat wen she jumped in the ocean the whales started singing We Are Family.
Delete your account!
Go to the corner and think about what you did... ...face the wall... ...
You are all talk, no action. Unless, of course, it involved Golden Showers #goldenshowergate
You're still BIRTHER @realDonaldTrump! Hypocrite, now you don't like it because its about you? You did it to @POTUS @BarackObama for years!
