Please lower capital gains taxes immediately. Thanks.
lol  nice you the man call the prez out lol sweet....
Hey I'll never know unless I ask 
Agreed my friend. What you goondo if he answers?
Step One: lower capital gains taxes for all to prosper in free market. Step Two: buy $OMVS @RADBotSecurity for security. That is all.
Don't need to build a Mexico wall!Order a Army of RAD Robots $OMVS

Psychotic megalomaniac!!! @realDonaldTrump should have the power of a house cat and nothing greater #TheResistance  #Resist
"The only thing that's strong is the artificial stock market." - @realDonaldTrump Sept 2016
I have been looking for that quote!!! Thank you!!!! Oh, remember the "I won't take vacations " bit? Such a comedian!

And a 500 point drop today. Where did my low gas prices go? Low interest rates? 
Now inflation is coming back.....gotta over the Rebel Reps
The emperor has no clothes!

Dow plunges more than 1,100, largest single-day point drop in history - ABC News - http://abcn.ws/2BXVsBg  via @ABC

@Lawrence @TrueFactsStated
The essential problem is that we educated Far East students and they stole our 900 year lead in STEM. Trump should concentrate on that.
No it doesn't. 

it's been building for the last nine years. 

Thanks, Obama.
No doesn't just happen. Took a great effort during Pres Obamas term to set the stage for this growth.
Excellent!  Thank you!  Mean while morning Joe is saying businesses do not care about taxes. He is a special kind of dumb. 
You're right... it doesn't just happen.  It takes years to build consumer confidence.  Let that sink in to your already swollen melon.
You can thank your predecessor for that

You had nothing to do with it and you know it.Start doing big boy work and tend to the important work of our nation starting with no more 
I think you mean that doesn't just happen in 6 months. Obama must have been doing something right.
I've been noticing this ...years of little work now jobs are opening up
Thanks Obama!
Get real. The market has very little to do with you.

Actually it has happened in 30 of the last 54 months. #DonnyTheLIAR
No, it takes four years of careful stewardship. Thanks Obama. #25AmendmentNow
Yes, it does...especially when people work hard to try to forget we have a spoiled man-child in the White House...for now.
It took 8 years of having a GREAT president to get us here after disaster that was Bush.    Thanks @BarackObama !
You're right and extremely intelligent and humble for admitting it. Thank you to @BarackObama for 8 years of work to make that happen.
@SHSanders45 is he joking again...?
The overwhelming majority of Americans do not support you. I'm embarrassed for you. Now go do something useful like write your resignation.
Thanks, Obama!
Thanks, Obama!
Thanks Obama.
Thanks Obama!
YES! Hurry up with tax reform so corporations get tax cuts while the rest of us get screwed royally. Make it happen!
Trump's as fit to be President as Chris Christie is to climb Mount Everest with a 40 pound bag of hoagies over his shoulder
The Stock Market Gained 300% Under Obama, and the trend continues.  You are right, it doesn't 'just happen' Obama spawned it!!
Obama spawned hate
Nope, it took a lot of hard work.  Thanks @POTUS44 !
#ThanksObama

Should Presidents be fluent in English before tweeting?
@realDonaldTrump
Apparently not. 
Yours has dwindled to phraseology.
Syntax also not needed.
So you're golden!
Thanks Obama!
We are tired of winning . . .Healthcare.  . .North Korea. . . Tax Reform . . . Lowered Minimum Wage. . Police shootings. . .please RESIGN!
Thnx 2 Obama stocks @ record high! Thnx 2 DELUSIONAL, EVIL, Orange Con in the WH, integrity & truth @ a record low. UR Poll #'s are LOW too
Trump is a Moron & "President Trump" is an Oxymoron!
*Trump supporters, Look it up!*

Huh? The stock market has been breaking records for the past 4, 5 years.
It doesnt just happen, we're seeing the results of the previous 8yrs of hard work.Do you go to restaurants & say Ive been cooking all night?
How does one measure business enthusiasm...?
Was going to say “Kevin, there’s actually a survey for business enthusiasm” but it actually looks like he’s talking about stock growth
But his point “that doesn’t just happen” is hilarious bc Finance theory argues that in fact the market generally grows and stocks appreciate
Of course there's a survey! But the likelihood of Trump going to such great (and objective) lengths to obtain empirical data... 
He doesn't know what "empirical data" is...
You're right, it takes years. Way to take credit for Obama's stock market though! 
What policies have you actually enacted?  #coattails
3 Years, 5 Months, 17 Days, 4 Hours, 51 Minutes, and 6 Seconds
This feels like forever grr
Thanks Obama


Yes.
Nope.
And not a fucking chance.



Oh good. A picture online. Must be true.
Thank you Trump for all hard work
Do you only tweet when the market has a good day?
No it doesn’t “just happen” you just lie to extremes, claim things that Are Not. Bully.
so full of shit thanks Obama  , Tom Perez and the many in congress who saved us from economic disaster way before you
#TrumpRecession Stock Market's biggest drop in March in 17 years. #MakingAmericaRussiasJoke
And we Thank President Obama for this.  This was his work. All you've done is create chaos since you started, nice try tho!
Hey donni-boy hows that tweet working out for you now?

The Stock Market Is Having its Worst Second Quarter Since the Great Depression
Business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels. Stock Market at an all-time high. That d...
great job @realDonaldTrump I am real proud of you and @VP
@realDonaldTrump
#taxreform & pro-business policy could fuel optimism in markets, look at #Obama & #Bush Bumps
Carl has turned into a political hack. #Sad!
Soon Donnie Boy, very soon..
Thank you for your strong leadership.
Hey twit, the stock market was going up before you took office!
Your time is numbered , enjoy what time you have left in the WH that you call a Dump, IMPEACH 45, Grand Jury, not Sad!!!!
I guess u forgot saying that mkt is so bloated; Not prettya big bubble; they’re keeping the rates artificially low,It’s a very false economy
It does with your help we love  you Mr. President Thank You for everything you are doing for us the American people Thank you God wereMAGA
It took 8 yrs of Obama's hard work! Economic cycles are not instantaneous
NO THANKS TO YOU. Stop taking all the credit for the good things and blaming others for the bad things. You are PSYCHOTIC!!!!
ARE YOU WATCHING DELIVERANCE this morning!?? You're a nice plump one fella!!
U are the best president of America
Doesn't just happen...it happens because Obama rescues American economy and puts stock market on an upwards trajectory.
Business enthusiasm at record levels? You measured it? LOL Right...
#JustAnotherLie #WorstPresidentEVER
It happened in 30 of the last 54 months. Thanks president OBAMA
The Stock Market is at an all-time high, earnings are good but wages continue to stagnate.  Is supply-side economics a good theory anymore?
Thank you, President Obama!  By the way, the stock market took a hit when they announced the appointment of a Grand Jury. You're going down.
We all must thank @BarackObama for instituting the economic reforms that led to this amazingly recovery!
Thanks for the winning policies, Obama!
Right.  PRESIDENT OBAMA put a great deal of effort in his programs. You are riding the results of his efforts.
it also doesn't create jobs! Just wealth for the 1% & we're sick of it! Your ilk time is coming. Thank you for hastening it
Big business is doing well.But how much are they squeezing their customers for every nickel while lowering quality 2 maximize profits?HELPus
We also wonder if government has become big business using business tactics two maximize taxes? Taxes areHUGE part of daily life. Not Good..
Proud of the direction we are headed however Thank you President Trump. We must protect whatever progress we make2 gain strength.KeepVoting.
No it didn't. It started up President Obama! You can't pass a piece of legislation. Now you're taking credit for the economy. Lame!
Woot! Thanks Obama!
Thanks @realDonaldTrump
Everything good in the economy happens for a reason -- Donald Jefferson Trump! He's the reason for everything good in my life. #MAGA
Thank you obama for getting our economy in gear before leaving office!!  #ThanksObama
Hey DT you are the worst President in history,  there you go actually you actually made history! !
Shame on you for hyping the market when you are purposely sabotaging the ACA. You campaigned on a promise of affordable healthcare for all.
Obama's fiscal year hasn't ended. All Trump is doing is taking credit for things already in place. Don't Christians discourage lying?
The Stock Market started improving and steadily increasing during President Obama's presidency.  So you cannot the  credit.
We can thank President Obama for that. Happy Birthday President Obama. 
What policy of your administration created this ? And unless one derives their income entirely from the market, it makes no f-ing difference
The next Scheindler List is gonna be about you
It's residual from the Obama administration.
Thank u Obama!!!
Mr. President without international community intervention the region risk instability that can result catastrophe.
All of these crybabies don't care about the stocks because their enjoying their free ride off of the taxpayers. Real America is making money
No it's because of President Obama. Being a "Business Man" yourself you should know this. But it's great fodder for your sheep, they eat it
Up.
God bless you brother and Mr.President!

If God is for you who can be against you?

God is for you, continue to seek His counsel.Shalom bro!
...won't be long now...
Thank you president TRUMP!! Keep fighting for the working class!!
THAT'S BEEN HAPPENING....
You had nothing to do with that. Loser!!!!
Nothing has been reversed by your administration, it's just a continuation of the recovery started by Obama.
No it doesn't just happen...there comes a mad man and deregulates without sense and it happens!
What business? Your business buddies? The people who profit from fucking the poor? Of course they are enthusiastic at the thought of you.
You mean YOUR BUSINESSES are looking better than ever.  #crook
Thank you Barack Obama for pulling our economy out of worst recession since Great Depression!! None of this would be possible w/o your work
You're right. It took a decade of work before you showed up &took a shit on America...
The dishonest Yahoo!'s in Congress and Senate are scamming our money.Any one who can get thing right is Pres.Trump
Still have way too many regs . Fisheries are a disaster due to heavy handed NOAA & US Fish & Wildlife also Dot - please stop ELDs -MAGA
Stock market news is good , but JOBS ARE 
PRIORITY OF MOST MIDDLE CLASS AND THE 
UNEMPLOYED !!!!
No @realDonaldTrump it doesn't President Obama worked hard for those #'s something you can think about while golfing  #dumptrump
Yeah it does, just like it crashed in 2000 and 2009 people predicted it 10 years before both events occurred. #hypocrite
Love that business.  Business is awesome.
business does not equate to people
Stock market for the rich
Amen
Market went down after Grand Jury news
Thank you Mr President
Oh my gosh. Did you really just retweet Donald Trump?
You're right! Obama did great job.  Your turn coming!  BTW only people with stocks are benefitting from market.  Average citizen not so much
Do not take the Lord's name in Vain. tRump is foul-mouthed, damning your Lord without a thought.
YOU ARE A FAILURE!!  RESIGN!!!
Every word out of your puckered up pie-hole is "fake news". Grow up.
bubble ... bubble ... u said ... bubble
What are economic patterns?
yes & we thank former president Obama & all his hard work for such a successful economy, job market & overall growth

We are back on the board! YES! Let's keep us there !
Trump you are so off the mark and Dangerous Why don't you just resign & take UR family & go away
Good President
yeah, it does just happen.  That's why buy and hold is a viable strategy. Look at a chart over any extended period.
Thanks Obama. #Resign.
Um, yes... It "just happens" all the time actually.
You're right! Obama worked hard at creating this economy!
That's great, but~
Quinnipiac poll:
1) 33% approve of Trump 
2) 61% disapprove
3) 62% think he's dishonest
4) 54% embarrassed he's POTUS
latest ARROGANCE (August 3, 2017; 8:08 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
No it didn't. Obama pulled us from another Great Recession you and your pals created through crooked business deals. #Obama  ConDon
Since Nov 8, US S&P 500 +16%, Germany DAX +22.0%, Italy +35%, France +16%.  What have you done for Europe? It's a global recovery, not you
Bahahahaahahahaha! Nothing to do with you
The stock market is high and not enough job and still killings in my hood help us get our business and careers
Mmmm. So you don't need the debt ceiling raised after all!!! You can now retire while you still have a fan base it's shrinking like ur dick
BREAKING NEWS: Stock market now tanking. It happens.it will come back. Relax and help them fix healthcare. Show citizens you like them
It just happened for you. Lazy sack, those are Obama's quarter reports
#Turd, ask your Wharton school of business professors, yes it does.
Great stuff Obama- the momentum flatters you POTUS
You had little to do with it.
This was already happening under President Obama. You are trying to jump on his accolade.
Can't believe how ignorant you people are. You only see Obama care as good if you're not on it.
#MuellerTime #Treason #ImpeachNow
That's absolutely  correct  it doesn't  happen  in the real  world
Thank you to the most presidential prez since Abe Lincoln. Barack Obama we miss you.  Cheeeto boy is a #loser

You're right. It happened 14 times during Obama's time in office.
Well, Donny, the market took a dive this afternoon after the news broke about Bobby Mueller's grand jury. He's coming & Hell's coming w/him.
You are right. It takes 8 years. Thanks @BarackObama.
It happens when the prospect@of@your@policies are what they are. Now@make them happen. So far very few victories.
It's nothing to do with anything you have ever done.
Like Eric said, you get all the financial support elsewhere
1/2 Northwest New Mexico us DYING because of former Dem Gov Bill Richardsons environmental sanctions on mining and oil & gas regs.
My investments rose luke crazy the past 6 months...THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK  YOU,  President Trump and God bless YOU & God bless the USA!
no this didnt just happen,you the greatest of all made it happen trump
Stocks just fell, and yes, YOU are responsible for that.
Call Obama & thank him. You're done, a cooked goose, just can't wait to throw that Farwell party in your disgraced name @realDonaldTrump
It happens with 8 yrs of hard work  in the WH. Thank you @BarackObama for all you did.
Of course it does - thanks @BarackObama !
Business enthusiasm doesn't build businesses or help keep jobs Donny. As for stock market at an all time high, thats not because of you
What is "business enthusiasm"????
Good for businesses isnt the same as good for people. 

CEOs appreciate the kickbacks, but Joe American still cant pay the bills.
Goodness gracious! Well done. #IdiotInChief
