Amen 
IMPEACH JUDAS #ImpeachTrump #NOTAJEW #JEWS #ADL #FBI #SENATE #HIALEAH #MIAMI #NYC #CUBA #BREXIT #SPUTNIK #NYTIMES #MAGA #POTUS #VETERANS
I suppose your a scholar...Pedro Toldsted
*you're
IMPEACH JUDAS AGAIN #Hialeah #BREXIT #BBC #HuffingtonPost #JEWS #ADL #MIAMI #FBI #SENATE #POTUS #VETERANS #ImpeachTrump #NYTimes #Sputnik
If you meant to say  Hillary...I agree.  Someone who took so much money from enemies  should have been impreached. But thats life.
This is my side of the story... Both #TRUMP, #HILLARY #OBAMA all of them sell AMERICA to the #JEWS...EVEN YOU SO, NO LAND FOR HYPOCRITES
We are overjoyed that our new @POTUS has renewed the #US commitment to #Israel and peace in the Middle East. Unlike the incompetent @POTUS44
there are other US allies besides Israel and Trump is alienating all of them
Really Caty? Please inform the world of which allies our president is alienating? The Palestinians?! Clarify.
all of NATO
Thanks to Trump for asking NATO to pay their share... again looking out for American taxpayers
That was one of the greatest moments of our @POTUS' overseas trip!Having the strength to tell ALL #NATO leaders to pay up is unprecedented!
Its just too bad others didn't refuse Article 5 too, since we're the only one who ever used it on 9/11.NATO should drop USA if won't commit.
Drop us... haha... who would pay their way then? Will never happen.
And at no time did he mention "Israel" to the Russians.  #cmonman
So you were there too!!?? Sounds like omission to me

As usual... distorted "facts" from the liberals ... pitiful
Then how about YOU provide the "actual facts"
Many more Trump supports like this in the south.
Love it. 2 strong leaders who know what it takes to protect their country and their people. Keep that bond strong. Amen.
A child murderer and a down rite liar
Oh please as if Palestine isn't guilty of killing others. Please turn down the volume on your hypocrisy it is deafening.
Over 500 children butchered by vermin israelis 2014... how many israeli children ?
After being used as human shields by their leaders from Hamas.
So that ok to butcher them..
It is a the toll Israel paid in fighting Palestinian guerilla militiants
So over 500 children and babies r a toll... speaks loudly anout israeli vermin
Beautiful site
God bless you all 
Dont sell us out Bibi.
Hope so. All I wanna a good peace
Awesome !
@realDonaldTrump We love you guys too. Please support DJT, he means well in all his goals and we support you guys.  God bless.
It's a beauty day!
Not your land
The two great leaders of the Western world and their remarkable wives.  What a wonderful sight to see.
Finally we are on the right side! No more 8 years of shame
President Cuck
בהצלחה ביבי!!
את יודעת מה אורן לא מפריע לי. כמו שג׳ודי מוזס פתחה את הפה  ג׳ורה שלה . על הלבוש  של מלניה כאילו את בחורה יפה או הלבוש שלה יותר יפה
לך לא
אני לא סובלת אותו
גם אני לא יכול לראות אותו .הוא גם יודע שזאת הכנסת האחרונה שלו.
לכן מחפש זיכרונות.
כיתה ח הסתובבנו עם ספר זיכרונות. היום עושים סלפי. ואורן מתלהב כמו ילד

Are you looking forward to James Comey testifying?

And back home in America...
Please stay abroad, Mr. @POTUS.
Unlike Obama who just bows to people.
You mad that he didn't curtsy like Trump did?
You are right @PatriciaIvans should we get the resistance ready to protest against Mr. Trump...  lets see how much Soro is going to pay us
Translation = We know Trump is the biggest hypocrite on the planet right now and we can't defend his actions so here's a distracting meme!
Translation=All you can do is call Trump a hypocrite because he's a strong leader. Have a great day, cupcake.
Surely
Woohooo #jews #usa #trump #jewsfortrump #israel #holyland
Yes, America is back! Good to see our President stand with Israel once again.
President Trump arrives in the Holy Land!!! What a wonderful respectful greeting. God bless Isreal God bless America
The guy worships money. He is not godly. You're kidding yourself
Because he's a successful business man he worships money huh...
So all business owners worship money to...
Sounds like jealousy to me
Bill Gates is a rich man I admire because he takes his money and he does something meaningful with it like try to get rid of polio
Amen
I didn't like Pres Obama, but I did look for the good when I saw it & gave credit. #dems look only @ the negative @realDonaldTrump #nocredit
DISGRACE
You're another Putins puppet if you're on Trumps team!
Don't count on it.
Lol ...
I nominate Trump for the next Nobel Peace prize!!!!!!  YES!!!!!
Proverbs 16:20
He who heeds the word wisely will find good, And whoever trusts in the Lord, happy is he.

#SethRich #SethRichCoverUp
The Apostle Paul warned us about Trump. Take the scales from your eyes.
You literally described all liberals.  You have it 100% wrong.  #SethRich #SethRichCoverUp
I'll bite. Tell me how Trump the liar, the adulter, the serial abuser and his policies that hurt the poor and the needy are Christian.
Trump cheated on Ivanna. Then cheated on Marla. Real Christian-like! Ivanna even accused Trump of rape, abuse! Read the court transcripts!

Philemon 1:25
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen.
Wow you HAVE heard of the New Testament. Amazing.
Beautiful!! Remember what our relationship with Israel was like under obama??? It sucked!!!   #MAGA
Because Israel is an occupying force and not a legitimate state , it has no right in Palestine .
How does Mr Netanyahu feel about you telling the Russians their intel?
That is a mental state not just reserved for liberals ma'am.
No one is born evil Asserting such is evidence of political prejudice, which is no better than racial bias. Hate and vitriol are beneath you
#LiberalTears #POTUSAbroad #TrumpInIsrael  #AmericaFirst 
Thank you. #America and #Israel - Stronger Together.
zionists worst then begging dogs.
RT @netanyahu: Ever Stronger חזקים תמיד  ...
God I'm PROUD TO BE AN AMERICAN now & so thankful for @POTUS Trump! The world is noticing that the USA is back & STRONGER THAN EVER! MAGA!

Not cute or funny! In your dreams!
LOL
Trump, you leaked Israeli classified information to the Russians.
No one is buying that things are Kosher here.
How was dancing with the Saudis?
You broke every promise you made to your Deplorables.
How long do you think they'll stand with you?
Uh, oh! Jason Chaffetz thinks you should be in jail!
We agree.
#MondayMorning
#TrumpInIsrael
So THIS is how you always predict the future with your tweets.
We gave you a new nickname: Nostradumbass.
#mondaymotivation 
#TrumpInIsrael
Just another view
Illuminati
That's you. Habibti.
May God protect you and your country God bless you
להתמיד לפכוח עין על מנת להיות.             חזקים תמיד
Haha  ur wife smacked ur hand away u so don't know how to be president
By supporting your lies n taking the Americans taxes payer yes it will be stronger you Jews state.
ستشهد امريكا تفكك من خلال النمو المرتقب لصين وروسيا واوروبا مجريات اللعبة ستتغير لن تسودو العالم لنهايتة وسنظهر

Kindly viciously n ruthlessly fight to the last villain ALL enemies of the CHILDREN OF GOD. Destroy ALL the religious maniacs.
If you are "even stronger" why do you need 30 billion dollars and all that military aid?
Because Obama cut our military so badly... hello????
Hello? What does American military capability have to do with Israel? Or are you referring to how the US defends Israel no matter what?
Thank you Mr. PM. We are very proud of our @POTUS. May God bless Israel and the USA. Ever Stronger 
We are not proud of 45. Speak for yourself only.
Hillary Clinton will NEVER be President and we are extremely PROUD of PRESIDENT TRUMP!!!
Amen.
Go away.
Ouch!
maybe Mr. Mp
Love Bibi, a man that know how to lead with class and dignity.
Glad YOU standing with ISREAL Pls don't ever ask them to split Jerusalem It is not Biblical God gave that to  them. The deed is in the bible
Bless the LORD 
The USA is with you!
No....Netanyahu is a Dictator

More like, ignore reality.
What has he won?  Mostly the courts or congress has given him mostly defeat.
YOU! don't see because YOU don't want to see.  He's done alot, of what We voted him in for.
I'm curious as to what he's accomplished as well. Besides having more controversy in such a short time than any other president
Thank the "Resistance "  aka Facist
Notice how Melania still isn't touching Donny's hand...
idiots!
@geeya007  here is the handle
Following now. Thanks
God bless you and your family Mr. President! Come home safe and drain the swamp 100%. We the people got your 6 sir!

GOD BLESS
Maybe.  You still have to deal with ISIS, Palestine, Russia and Iran. Don't trust our POTUS.
Now one can argue the fact they've targeted and taken over industries of control. In Germany by the late 1800s they control the financial
All The "LOSERS" below from our own U.S. country. Disgraceful reporters
#WeStandWithIsrael and so does our #POTUS Trump.  God Bless
Freedom for Palestine, freedom for world peace.
Who dresses the secret service guys?  David Byrne?   REF: The guy in the background.
DONT DO ANYTHNG STUPID LIKE GIVE THEM MORE TERITRY - U GAVE THEM GAZA-THAT WAS STUPID - THEY WONT EVEN RECOGNIZE UR RIGHT TO LIVE
Don't let him fool you sir...he'll throw you under the bus...
@realDonaldTrump  America and Israeli forever
Trump's buffoonery harmed ISRAEL



Satanyahu murderer of children the new hitler of the 21st century.
I don't believe you REALLY trust or like dt. You're smarter than to be duped by a 2nd rate con man!
Melania would only agree to do this if  there were at least 2 hands between hers and her husbands lmao
NEVER AGAIN (Unless libs win) will WE EVER turn our backs on Israel!! Can't wait to celebrate w/u in SEPT/Tishri!!
Donald Trump cancels speech to Israeli Parliament because 'he did not want to be heckled' #WEAKTRUMP #COWARDTRUMP
Nice 3
God bless Isreal and God bless America. What a great great picture.
They were the loyalists left behind in the States when Burgoyne surrended at Saratoga. They were the Group that turned the British away at
She doesn't even want to touch you in this pic haha.must suck being married to a gold digger that hated the thought of you. #sad
Non.US
Well, I guess that's one way to get her to hold your hand, DJT!
Your ALL hypocrites! Quoting the bible, asking how someone is Christian by their actions! How Christian are YOU? Judging, calling names!
You wouldn't know, would you..Christians aren't perfect...are you?  Maybe you should ask yourself why you feel judged or offended.
Awesome!!
Is this before or after the #HandSlap?
After that arms sale to the Saudis? Who are you trying to bullshit.
Look, she took someone's hand!
That photo is the closest that Melania allowed the orange fascist to touch her hand during the entire trip.
Not even close.Leaders said the same of Hitler
Holly the Israelis approved sharing that information it wasn't a league. Get with it.
any friend of Trump is not my friend.
PLEASE PRAY FOR OUR WONDERFUL PRESIDENT TO CONTINUE TO BE SUCCESSFUL & SAFE,IN THE FACE OF ENORMOUS OPPOSITION TO TRUTH & GOOD THESE DAYS
Donald trump is a disease for America
I'm glad to see @MELANIATRUMP touching in solidarity.  @TheView & many Tweets gloated she slapped you away on Israel arrival.Didn't look so.
We love you and Sara BB:   We love Israel.  God Bless You and Israel.   Thank ya'll for loving our President and his family.
There will never be peace until the REAL  HEBREW ISREALITE.IS BACK IN CHARGE OF THEIR LAND.THATS WHY THAT LAND IS CURSED FAKE JEWS  R THERE
I know President Trump and Melania are loving people. They love you and your wife. I voted for him. I love him and his family.
If Middle East could access to peace ! Israel and Palestine must declare amnisty for the passed crimes as did it France with Germany in 1947
Viva!!!
Nice picture
PLEASE PLEASE DO NOT CUT MEDICAID THEY ARE THE POOREST OF THE POOR IN OUR NATION.
New budget calls for $3.6 TRILLION cut from food, medical & other help for the poor. Huge boosts for military & weapon contractors.
What we want is PEACE BETWEEN ISRAEL & PALESTINE
The Romans held two fronts East and West. They agitated both against each other as to play the middle man controlling trade between them.
USA  loves Israel  God bless!
Great....
اللهم اري غضبك بمن اراد بالمسلمين والامه الاسلاميه سووء
Looking Good Stud
牛逼的呀
So glad for this reconnection with Israel.
His wife is so sweet
Hello.. thank you !!!!!!!
Mr. President
Great....Meanwhile new US weapons deal with the Saudis, sleep well...
The palestinian leaders must remain apart of extremist islamic influence and support the idea that Israel existence has a true legitimity.
You sure?
You've been conned. Or maybe you conned him ?
Ok
Did u have Melanie'a brain sucked out when she went in for her nose job?
Way to go keep up the good work.

Network in this Country is under the control of a Jewish only Cartel! Who runs almost every Major Financial group in Our Country?  Jews!
@realDonaldTrump I had a jump suit like Melanias in the 90s only I looked better
Ridiculous picture
Hahaha @netanyahu don't act like you don't know for a fact that @realDonaldTrump is a dangerously unfit and incompetent president #weaksauce
@realDonaldTrump Good thing your wife didn't have to touch YOUR hand. She'd be like "Hmmm...I'll pass".
Irony..Trump sells arms to Saudis who bomb innocent women and children in Yemen. Not all murderers are terrorists..http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/yemen-air-strike-saudi-arabia-10-women-children-dead-funeral-bombing-sanaa-a7585886.html … …
Hot seat is awaiting you home old man!
Was this the only way Trump could get Melania to touch his hand?
אלוףףףף אתה
@realDonaldTrump what's the dollar amount that was given to Bibi Aww she wouldn't  hold your hand wild in the USA
pope looks so sad with trump
BIB knows an easy play when he sees one. So many bad qualities in one place=DJT.
Love it! 
Too bad.
I guess you forgave him for leaking classified info coming from Israeli Intel and probably getting the operatives killed.
You know, Donald isn't very bright, right, Bibi? He knows nothing about history, politics, how the US government works.
And you know he's going to be impeached, right? If not for foreign emoluments or treason, then for corruption.
So, you're "ever stronger" comment will be just a tiny blip in time. Come to think of it, aren't you known for corruption & gerrymandering?
I guess the old saw that birds of a feather stick together is really true, huh?
I'm just surprised that you got even one coherent string of words out of him.
Ben has bigger hands than you, Donnie.
Dios te bendiga  presidente Benjamín Netanyahu
This reveals politics = twisting words & making stuff up or have we forgotten Israel supposedly was mad at Donald 4 sharing info w/ russia?

Is Iran your enemy?
Very sad
@HeidiHuang2 
Praise God for America's bond with Israel.  Thrilled to see a true friendship & like minds between you & Pres Trump
Pretty lame that your country couldn't get hold of a glowing orb.  Sad!
Release your tax returns.
Yes Melania is even stronger. Look at her swat that tiny hand away with ease.
God bless you both
Bibi, You are aware that some of those weapons that Trump sold the Saudis will wind up in the hands of Hamas, aren't you?
Stronger than what? Did you sell your soul to the devil?? Better pray for your salvation now!!
@realDonaldTrump liars

Good for you ,you Had Trump say as you Told Him ,But very not good for Jew s who want to live in Peace ,with other people
Why is Melania always walking behind you? You guys are not secret Muslims are you?
The only way @realDonaldTrump can get @MELANIATRUMP to touch him is if it's a group thing!!!
2 "PEES" in a POD .... https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2017/01/netanyahu-israel-corruption-adelson/513422/ … ..Fighting CORRUPTION CHARGES TOGETHER!!
We LOVE Israel & totally support the Jewish
That's what U think! You'll soon find out the truth! His followers are KKK members who hate JEWS AND ISRAEL!
Senin ćocukların varmı Netanyahu.Filistin li çocukların dökme artık günahtır.Takım elbiseyeni görünüyorsun bizde seni adam zannediyordum
@realDonaldTrump Strong Honest Men and Beautiful Classy Ladies! What a Picture! 
Holy shit @FLOTUS touched #Donnie hand. Its a Christmas Miracle
