How r u sir
FAKE TWEET!!
@POTUS did u cry we did
Marine Plane crash in Mississippi is heartbreaking. Melania and I send our deepest condolences to all!...
Our heart felt to the family of the victims of the marine plane crash@Mississippi
Eat Dawns Taco we will be here till 4pm today – at Riverfront Park and Constitution Gardens
Sad
There by more starving people only its hardworking tax payers, military, and kids. Yep we feel the love...not.
How @realDonaldTrump feels about our military.
Um did you mean obama
Obama was not of age for the draft. Clinton, Trump, and George W. Bush all dodged the draft. Do your homework.
Still waiting for that GREAT AMERICAN DREAM YOU PROMISED
If the liberals would let him maybe we could have it
Name one person involved. Literally one.
Symbolic of your administration...
We do not have enough plants to counter the carbon intake and you say global warming isn't real. Well here is your proof. Love Nat Geo.
Thanks for allowing more carbon to be pumped into our atmosphere since you're a big coal guy, and fossil fuel carbon since you're an oil guy
Thanks for helping to potentially causing farmers to have less production which could ultimately lead to a food shortage.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
THE LIBERALS WAIT ON TWITTER JUST TO TWEET FAKE NEWS AND TRICK THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
AT THE END OF THE DAY, THE MEDIA LIES SO MUCH, THEY BELIEVE THEIR OWN LIES
THE REAL AMERICAN PATRIOTS CAN SEE THROUGH IT!
TURN OFF MSM FOR A DAY AND READ SOME INDEPENDENT NEWS FOR A CHANGE!
CNN HAS LIED FOR AGES, THEIR LIES AND FINALLY STARTING TO CATCH UP
Thank you Mr. President 
*THE marine plane crash
Nice that you could throw this in at the last minute considering it happened over night. I guess the Olympics were more important.
الله يرحمهم
Thoughts and prayers going out to their families and communities....
But a tweet about fake Olympics news came first.. but still no defense of Junior.
Finally found the time to address this AFTER all your bullshit. #Priorities #SadSickPathetic
Praying for families of those who died! Also for safety of other servicemen.
Most people haven't even heard about the loss of 16 marines because the media is too busy covering scandals.
It has been ALL OVER the media since 5 pm yesterday. He's too busy whining about his personal problems to notice.
Sad
Over 14 hours late. I guess you had to give Fox some free advertising before you were allowed to talk about important things
Yeah I probably would not end with an exclamation point
You are so full of it, you and Melania would only care if your MONEY was lost.
I hear some were black, sure you want to say all, might as well say ALL WHITES & STRAIGHTS, you have proven you are against most Americans
Flynn: Met w/Russians; lied
Page: Met w/Russians; lied
Sessions: Met w/Russians; lied
Kushner: Met w/Russians; lied
Donald Trump Jr: Me too.
And all the killary and obummer scandals and lues.  Seems like the whole swamp needs drained... BOTH SIDES
Sending your condolences only after you announce you want the Olympics and attack Democrats. What, did Fox News just get around to this?
Amen Kevin!  This should have been first thing out of his mouth.
Prayers for their families!
So nice of you to finally comment on this, but do u know anything abt it or just hear on Fox News?
just fox
What does it matter really? Marines died show some respect
I have TONS of respect for our service men and women. He doesn't get a pass for not commenting for HOURS after it happened.
You're so busy to bash the president the bigger picture is we losed Marines and all most of you all cares about is when @realDonaldTrump 1/2
Look, he's the PRESIDENT. I AM NOT. He has a duty to mention the Marine crash before rt-ing Fox & Friends all am. Talk abt showing respect.
Ok and he did Obama administration waited awhile to mention when we lost service members.
There it is! Always gotta bring it back to Obama!
@Danricecomedy ahaha I'm surprised anyone has seen my tweets
That should have been your first tweet of the day. #StupidityIsNoDefense
Took you long enough ahole

Maybe you and the First Lady will be able to meet all the families, Mr. President.
 Maybe you can visit him in prison!
You are an amazing leader 
Amazing at being an orangutan's ASSHOLE.  Hahahahahaa!!!!
If you could boost your popularity by playing with the corpses you would. Better to keep your Twitter fingers quiet, fraud.
I guess every Trumpian statement deserves an exclamation point.  Hope your bone spurs aren't too painful this morning, studly.  #FakePrez
@votevets this one is for you
Please thank @FLOTUS for reminding you to send this. Her compassion is inspiring.
Why did it take you over 12 hours to tweet about this?  Is your mind occupied by Russian collusion?
What's more heartbreaking is what you and your f*ck!ng kids are doing to this country it's a great disrespect OMG hard to even put n words
I was wondering how long it would take you to do this. Did Fox & Friends finally report it?
Waiting for CNN or MSNBC talk about the Marines? Russia Russia Russia is all they are talking ...
Nah, they've been reporting it since at least last night.
BS BS BS ... The Russian Concussion
The man is cutting VA benefits, he's a lying pig
Who the fuck uses an explanation point when offering condolences?
.Who comments on punctuation in a thread offering condolences to lost American Marines?
I do, because it's incredibly disrespectful to use an exclamation mark. Here : "I just heard your sister was shot. Sorry!" Get it now?
.I feel it's incredibly disrespectful to comment on punctuation in a thread about condolences to the families of lost Marines. Get it now?
Actually I don't. The fact you're holding me to the same account as the President of the United States is incredible.
I'm not in any way comparing or holding you to the standard of POTUS. What you said was disrespectful to the families of the Marines.
Every day more of your voters are experiencing a sobering case of buyer's remorse, hence your plummeting approval rating.
There's quite a bit of momentum among his supporters, actually. We continue to gain new people. Many are sick of being lied to by media.
Rather have the media get a story wrong than have the president tell blatant lies.
Please name when Trump has lied.
When he clearly and irrefutably insulted a disabled reporter but later denied same
Trump didn't know the reporter was disabled at the time he spoke. He does that frenzied hand motion all the time.
Please. You're making excuses to fit your perception that is contrary to reality
I have studied these things for literally thousands of hours. I don't think you can make this claim.
You would have started with this instead of your other nonsense tweets if you really meant it.
CNN ... MSNBC ...taking about Russia nonsense ... Dems crickets on the Marines ... hmmm
Here's MSNBC: http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/military-plane-crashes-mississippi-causing-fatalities-n781591 …
Here's CNN:
How much coverage did the slain police officer receive from these stations?
You aren't worth my time because you have no idea what you are talking about. Goodbye.
Truth will always make the Dems run ... run ... run ... right back to Russia Russia Russia
No, ignorance will make the Dems run. There is no point talking to someone who is clueless about everything except what 45 tweets.
I dislike you, but I agree with this sentiment.
दा रियल हीरो
Extend my condolence from philippines pastor june
Taxpayers who do the honorable thing and pay their fair share. It's the only way they can get rid of the bubble. Congress needs to
R.I.P. ALL 16 OF YOU  !!!!!
You are the best your name will be remembered, your making America better again even though nobody believes but I do Long live Donald Trump
My condolences to all Americans, especially the immediate family of the deceased.
Very sad for the loss if our Marines! God bless and keep their families and loved ones!
Szczere kondolcje
A LOT OF US WOULD LUV TO SEE MELANIA N THE FOX ANCHORS WOMEN WITHOUT MAKE.  CAN U IMAGNE WHAT THEY ACTUALLY LOOK LIKE.  SCARY.
Start packing

RIP
Look everyone, a tweet that's kinda presidential
Uh.. no. Unless you think inappropriate capitalization of words and using an exclamation point in an expression of sympathy is presidential.
hollow words from an empty soul.  There's exactly one person you care about, that's been clear for decades.
Time will tell
OMG...We got 10 seconds of actual Presidential type Tweets from you? WOW. Are you feeling okay? Temperature, Constipated or lost your mind??
Sir, the Marine Plane crash in Mississippi is heart breaking. I send my deepest condolence to the families. Professor Suresh
Because that exclamation point will make it all better. What a joke.
Why don't you not do it on twitter, like a real president?
So sorry for those marines and their families loss , prayers for them
Tragic loss; prayers and condolences.
We go to the end of the world .
Exclamation mark?
May they RIP
We sacrifice at home and away. My Heart goes to the families and those who were in the crash
My Condolences
Melania is banging Tiffanys head of security. Too busy for you. Don't implicate her in your tweets.
Find out why it crashed, and fix it. Between helicopters and this plane; its becoming a problem.
Every week, Trey Gowdy is right. You are really letting down millions of people. I'm a supporter, it's getting harder.
Fair Winds and Soft Landings. Gone but never forgotten.
@POTUS yeah. Because that sounds genuine. #cannedreply #RIP #marine16 
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of the crash victims.  

Thank you for being Presidential
Thank you, Mr. President. It's great to see leadership again! Thank you for your concern for our military and all Americans!
so very sad
God bless!
They were base in NY State
And your presidency is still the worse thing to happen to American citizens.
RIP my USMC Brothers. SEMPERFI.
That's it? Can I send you a dictionary to assist you in expanding your pathetic vocabulary?
Okay this is a nice tweet by you, I appreciate this
Sad to read this may their family's find peace. RIP
You my President but I wish it hadn't taken this to put Mississippi on your radar.
Heartfelt prayers to the families....may God keep you all in His arms....calm the grief that you feel this day
Too bad it wasn't Marine One.
heartfelt condolences to the departed soul...rest in peace..god bless.
We r 
Come Donald do more than that they were guys serving our country important
Your son is a hi quality criminal. #TrumpRussia #TrumpJr #TreasonousTrump
God bless them! My  goes out to all involved in this devastating story. 
You see no liberals bashing this but anything else they will go after
I feel sorry for your lost .
Exclamation points were originally called the “note of admiration.” They are still used, today 
 tohttp://aww.su/5A9gj express excitement
Too sad.
Our hearts go out to our military and their families.
Please stop it !  You are ridiculous.... I know you cince many years ..... I introduce you w Melania!    Do you remember ?
Cince is the new cowfefe
Tear 
Now you will send purple hearts out to family and congratulate them on getting one? Lol....ur a tool.
Prayers
R.I.P. Soldiers
Prayers to all the grieving families. RIP Devil Dogs.
Wow
May the Lord comfort their families.  God bless these brave souls.
Are you going to give them Purple Heart medals?
.C'est le destin qui en décidé ainsi.
Semper Fi
Omg how many more have to die for a dead cause of war
Investigation of another ft hood or extortion 17?
Attitude, and we the American people most of us pay over this money in order that this government and function. Yet the very funds
Emails?
It took you long enough to respond. Despicable.
Probably due to the old wore out planes and helicopters left by the Obama Administration! Obama depleted our Military! Funded the enemy
1st Melania is not talking to you and if she was, you would not listen, unless it was about her pussy...
My prayers
Donald Trump Jr re Russia meeting proves there is no fake news. Just fake WH. At last, truth will out. Liars and cheats need to go.
if there were something where a heart would be..SAD
To honor our fallen, can you please ask for flags to be flown at half-staff?
MAY THEY REST IN PEACE!
Good to see you are starting to listen to your advisors
What do u get when u have a bunch of lawyers in the capital building? Sharks. It's lying and denying. That's what they're taught in college
It's not "Top of the Muffin...TO YOU!!"
He askdhim whatprice?hecldnt answr ladies&gentlemen,&forwhat?for9 yrs old child smrtr than you mngd toaccess into yr cmptr?coz we dnt nowho
Thank you Mr. President
You actually remembered you have a wife? That's a first. #notfoolingme #NotMyPresident #cheetolini #orangefoolius
RIP Marines! @realDonaldTrump @USMC
So you finally decided to extend condolences for tragic deaths in US. How big of you.
Beautiful gesture to take the time to Tweet.
thats a first.
Why all?  How about the families of those that were lost.
I think "all" includes the families. But I could be wrong!
I think you & I are saying the same thing. All means all. Which would include the families. Like you said, all means all. But he is a-hole!
All you do is write a fucking tweet?
Viva donald trump
Maybe you should send them to the families and not just "all"?
Of the thousands that of calls that come in each day. I've had many experiences most of them bad with getting bad information, unacceptable
You probably have no clue HOW MANY were killed; you don't care, you're too busy eroding 200 yrs of Democracy for Personal Gain! #Resignation
You can not killed and Ideology... A Resistant will always raise to Oppression, and varying of beliefs; Catholics, should know this..!
Retiring people every day, which means we're getting the green recruits, would you not have enough knowledge, and will carry the load
did you wife type this for you?
You don't have a heart.  Nice try.
I was wondering who is the mother of your children?  Did you have to use artificial insemination technique?.. cuz your penis is so small.
To look after, collect our tax dollars paid by hard-working American citizens,  please take me seriously and do something about this.
Attend their funerals then...unless of course you are really a commie?
You do this in a tweet?
