Please do not forget to exclude Congress men from the benefits of the affordable care act that Obama granted them
@TrumpforAmeriSounds like the positive solution lets do it with left and right as well
Nah
cccx,
Thank God, I didnt waste my time listening to @realDonaldTrump empty #sameoldstuff talk that made ISIS & #Putin happy #NOTMYPRESIDENTSDAY
Interesting Putin happy
Step down Trump!  You are not wanted!

Definitely with your son and a few other associated of yours
https://www.gofundme.com/EvasFightForLife?pc=fb_dn_cpgnstaticxlarge_r&rcid=r01-151917307008-d520526195264893 … please help if you can
NO
Trump when we ask you to step down, we dont mean step on us, Just in case in miss understood!
درود
No thanks. More important things to do, Washing my hair for a start.
Join me live at 9:00 P.M.  #JointAddress http://45.wh.gov/eXTTGS  ...
درود بر شجاعتت دل مردم مظلوم سوریه شاد شد آفرین براین دلیری و شجاعت  رییس جمهور ترامپ دوستت دارم
2
you should come to @JasonGreenberg wedding in Saturday. Be a man of the people! Plus Mr Greenberg is hung like a donkey
President Trump can you help out with the patient care ratio for us nurses who are clearly under paid in long term care?
All  immigrants from Iran and Syria should be placed in Hawaii.  The Judge wants them ,he can take them.
hi     mr.   trum    we  love  you    we are  from iran  Attack  to   iran  as  soon  as possible

Peter piper picked a pickle pepper how many pickled peppers did he pick
U told some real whoppers. 94 Million out of work? Not true. But when U get called on U scream Fake News! Pot, meet kettle.
It depends how you look at that one
if you want to be a president for all the people, start stepping up and protect our air, our water & our children. #NoDAPL
That's extremely true
Donald Trump has all the best words
Some of them youve never heard
His Bigly vocab is supreme
As Daniel Websters never seen
@realDonaldTrump
I've heard of it and I know of it doesn't mean it's true or false
LE SALUDO CON MUCHO CARIÑOY LO ADMIRO COMO PERSONA INTELIGENTE,
no
we have a state senator that brags about his family being illegally in the United States. Can you do something about it?
Even dems had to admit u gave a great speech! U are my President! Send jobs sky high! Get @elonmusk & @SpaceX 2 Mars ASAP!
fake
NO THANKS. I have to shave my legs that day.
This is my Speech of a lifetime!
dont hole your breath, when you are on tv my tv goes off
POTUS, why not Americare instead of Trumpcare? Its about making America great again...America first Think about it.
WASN'T EVEN A LITTLE BIT INTERESTED IN YOUR SPEECH.
Bomb threats to Jewish Community Centers along with desecration of cemeteries are TERRORIST acts. Where is safety from domestic terrorism?
Mr. President, don't worry about what Obama has done (we all know), you won the Presidency, so lets continue w/your work.
i hate you
join live for more lies!!
A President has to be willing and able to hurt our enemies. How many of you could step in his shoes & make the same claim?
First Daily Intelligence Briefing and the anti-war vote goes out the window.

remember when @jeffsessions took your thunder?
Crazy how democraps left early like ppl who leave mass after they get host
no thanks can't stand to watch you brag and say awful ignorant things
You are amazing! I'm so honored you are my President. Thank you for protecting America & our citizens.
It was absolutely brilliant!
OK!
I watched your speech live, from  Singapore. I honestly think you made a very good one. God bless :)
We're already making America great again and we're just getting started! So much more to come! Unleash the American spirit!
Great speech Mr. President.
great speech Mr President.  So very proud and honored to call you my President.
@POTUS  you have proven you can read from the teleprompter make stupid hand gestures and turn from side to side BFD
keep working with the country's best interest at heart! We appreciate your efforts!
傻逼
Dems make claims with no proof. You can make claims no proof. Your claims will turn out to be correct.
I'd rather have a root canal than join you.
Yeah Mardi Gras got in the way of that. BTW the tourism industry down here none too happy with the loss of forgein tourists
we have a better party were going to join by buring your pictures
will you be impeached at that time then no!
Wonderful speech..
never!
dear great leader Trump I can not wait for this
no
Trump, um ditador Americano, PArece filme de Shaplin.
I thought you were going to talk directly to the people from now on, so why no state of the union to the American people?!
Great speech, now work your magic and  make it happen. I'll support you when right, but will be critical of you when wrong!
cry if u hate laugh if u love him thank u GOD
unless you're committing suicide live on TV, I'm not interested.
your vapid puppets @VP & @SpeakerRyan along with the rest of your kkk misogynists were the only ones that enjoyed it.
You rip Arnold for ratings lower than his predecessor, but you can't get NEAR the viewership of your predecessor. Pathetic!
Your best speech to date. Honorable evening. Disabled Naval Veteran here. You made me proud!!
Great speech, btw. The best since JFK.
CREEPIEST SPEECH DELIVERY EVER.
a lot of people are saying it was a joke of a performance. That's what I'm hearing.
I woud rather watch paint dry than watch one of your speeches.
Congrats! You can read words. How nice for you.
was spectacular!
I could tell you'd been coached to Hell and back. Sad. 51 lies in 61 minutes. Is that a record?
And remember, YOU KILLED HIM by allowing the mission even after PRESIDENT Obama declined, with good reason! Nothing gained!
It was absolutely FANTASTIC!
that was a snoozer! You are so damn boring!!!
WONDERFUL, MAGNANIMOUS WORDS OF CLEAR, CONCISE, HOPEFUL FUTURISTIC PLANS FOR ALL OF US
with your power and your love to #freedom U can save #Biafrans from Nigeria. Pls look into it.
God bless U sir
I watched this, I could not turn away.  Impressive, strong, decisive, courageous & true.  Thank you for citing Bible truth!
sorry, I had to pick lint out of my toes. No time for FAKE TV.
Best speech EVER in my lifetime! And I worked in the great RReagan White House! SPOT ON, Pres. Trump!
How "Presidential": Trump Told 51 Lies in 61 Minutes https://youtu.be/QZRo2DMV0qU 
Thank you for congratulating our country on its victory of Christianity over islam.5 centuries slavery!
I will not participate in STATE propaganda!
This will probably be remembered as (a) the apex of your presidency & (b) the prelude to next year's address by Pres. Pence
Only the 2nd time I have ever made it a point to watch something like this in 40 years! Thank you Mr President!
@POTUS #fuckyou #notmypresident #dieinafire
you did an amazing job!
Thank-you President Trump enjoy your time in #Florida #FloridaForPOTUS #UnitedweStand
OUTSTANDING Sir.
listen to Bernie Sanders he's the only true voice in America
it was a good speech but then you turn around and tweet late night crazy mean girl stuff again.   Move forward.
I was there you were great very very proud of you. Just don't please don't let the haters get you into a tweeter fight.
keep up the great job.  Praying for you Mr president.
I'd rather go to Wallmart, thank you
listening to you is torture. take some public speaking lessons and learn some new vocabulary
.@realDonaldTrump, I'm so glad your speech promised to bring down pharmaceutical prices! You know Americans are getting a bad deal. Thanks!
I prefer not to.#liar
 God Bless America
Nope. Not going to do it.
proud of you. you did GREAT JOB.
i hate you SOOOOOO much
Liberalism is a mental disorder. The Dems conduct is disgraceful. Their the reason you got elected. They offer nothing
Great Speech, I Sat, stood, clapped and listened intently. How could anyone not like what they heard.
remember you are the president, they lost!!
Historical and Great ! Thank for for Honoring our fallen Brother, his wife and the family as your special guess. Great Job
WE DID ,  A MAGIC MOMENT FOR ALL AMERICA , THANK YOU.
It was the best address.  Thank you.
Didnt realize your mother entered illegally...
YOU CALL THAT LIVE MISTER ROBOTO? BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH !!!!!!!!!!
Well, not that u said anything meaningful,but the "high" certainly didn't last long.Thanks to you and your staff corruption
"Major tax breaks for the middle class." Middle class=2% cut; Upper class=13% middle class=$1,000/yr, Warren Buffet=$29B
"Clean air & water." While u gave coal companies the go ahead to dump coal ash into streams. #Resistance
" We will promote clean air & water." That very same Morning u abolished water protection plans. #Resistance
Nice speech. Too bad everything that u r doing is in ABSOLITE DEFIANCE of what u said! #Resistance
very nice announcement graphics
You do know that you sucked. You are not a good con man. Maybe once but now you just suck. What is with the sniffles?
blake bortles sucks
Stupidity’s not a crime, so you’re free to go.
Sir, Barrack Obama is an average QB in high school who did not get a scholarship and who still lives in town.
Deport all Muslims!
today the Democrats proved how good it was
Good speach!!!
Awesome Speech, Mr President! 
you know comma you don't really have to advertise . we get all the necessary info on the news period and then some!
you are racist and you are dividing the people in this beautiful country
Mr. Trump as  president you shouldn't be racist
you were amazing. Best EVER. God Bless u
Mr. Trump as president you should have better vocabulary and not repeat the same word
why to hear more alternative facts? Release your tax returns . The truth will set you free after you serve jail time
you better stop killing our SF teams by sending them on missions you have no descent Intel on
it was awesome now Obama changed NAS to put We the peeps in danger and security of WH at risk plz fix it
gee I missed it. I was cleaning my salt and pepper shakers.
This is just false advertising. Sorry everyone, no joints. Actually, we'll have tougher marijuana laws, so no joint for you
You had probably smoked a joint before your speech!
Marvelous speech--so patriotic. Am so proud to call you Mr. President!
#WRONG
awesome job!

Your were awesome! We are with you all the way!!
@WhiteHouse @POTUS Mr President F*A*N*T*A*S*T*I*C Speech!
So good 2 hear a REAL President & TRUE Patriot.
loved your speech Mr Presidnet
nope because I have no trust in you.
ok
