. @realDonaldTrump
Bless your tiny lil cold heart your quoting Breitbart straight up now on Twitter. Bannons gonna take your Twitter away.
http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Breitbart_News …
OMG! Talk about FAKE NEWS! BREITBART, like DJT is totally illegitimate!
Почему Вы не блокируете Diva?
BY RIGGING THE ELECTION USING ELECTORAL VOTE COUNTING WITH NEW YORK CITY GARBAGE!!!!
mmm they didn't miss it because you're still on tv like you want
Breitbart = Fake News
WOWWW. You claim @CNN is fake news, but Breitbart is reputable? Gross. No.
When the majority hates you and you need a confidence booster!

But why Breitbart? Aren't they "fake news"?
How is Breitbart not fake news?
FAKE NEWS
Breitbart. It figures. Go away loser. Our president is speaking to us now

Do your voters know how you targeted them with Russian agitprop through social media via Cambridge Analytica &Project Alamo
How could anyone possibly miss it? You're still constantly, incessantly tweeting and talking about it? Shhh.
#Lyingpig #Phuckingmoron
"How Trump Won And how America lost"
spoiler alert -- it has a lot to do with confusing the elecoral collage with Democracy
.@realDonaldTrump Hun, I know everything but Andy's website makes you crazy, but let's not get people looking too closely at how you won.
you are my hero!
I'm on hold with a veterinarian about my cat's sudden and explosive weight gain. I am a poor choice of hero.
your cat sounds awesome though!  And you are still my hero
Yeah, we put off making this call because we thought he was just "going through a phase."
Valid cat perspective, though. We don't own them. But Bess, you are an absolute peach. And smart. A bit of a hero. Yes.
& shes not only #funnyasfuck but kind.....everytime she calls him sweetie and hun i laugh #laughteristhebestmedicine
Now that really is FAKE news! #minorityPresident
You rage about "Fake News" and then link Breitbart. FFS you can't be serious.
The CIA, FBI, and NSA all agree: Putin bolstered Trump's presidential campaign.
 @realDonaldTrump
if you're so proud and confident of your easy win, START ACTING LIKE IT
talk about fake news you're a fraud little trump and illegitimate prez 40% approval rating and dropping
illegitimate!
I used to be #NeverTrump but now I'm #MAGA
A very reasoned response. 
your source is the capital of #fakenews ! You're a joke!
Breitbart is the Fake News
don't need to read it as it's from the KKK news network!
Nah, this one's way too easy.

*holsters finger guns*
.@realDonaldTrump @BreitbartNews you won because of Russian interference and Fake News
I love how your new state media company praises you.
we didn't miss it we just don't give a damn
we are with you!!! Don't listen to the #fakenews!
THIS is going to be the President of the United States? Why isn't anyone pointing out that he's like a spoiled 12 yo?
the liberal media wanted to miss it. Apparently not many believed their BS
@RealClearNews a real piece of garbage at best totally fake news
unreliable, just like all the other Breitbart headlines:
talk about a source for white nationalist fake news. Donny you have to grow up and be an adult.
Breitbart? Really??? Fake news!!
" . . . every President - Trump included - needs a vigorous press to hold them accountable." #rememberthis
if this wasn't so sad it would be hilarious .. you are pathetic, petty, and small
FAKE WHITE HOUSE
With help from the FBI and RUSSIA
Breitbart is fake news
.@tywithtrump @realDonaldTrump you're*
ain't nobody got time for apostrophes. We busy making America great again
Think about it :)
if you say Trump slowly it sounds like success
And that proves everything I needed to know, thanks.
This article almost seems like you're warning us that your Twitter feed will affect the world. @realDonaldTrump @BreitbartNews
Trump won by colluding with russia & the FBI also with the big assist from assange and republican election fraud, period!
u won by less than 75k votes in 2 key rust belt seats, one of the smallest wins ever, without putin and FBI you'd be nothin
The main word in that tweet was WIN.
.@realDonaldTrump @BreitbartNews A big part of it? People sharing articles from fake news sites like Breitbart.
Try and discredit polling all you want but your abysmal approval rating will be evident at your inauguration.
Fake left news polls. Small polls said HRC would win by 6-9%.
great source from White supremacist fake news #FakeNewsMedia #putinbitch #trumpisarapist
hahaha
The MSM missed it because they stupidly thought that CA NY and the Northeast was all that mattered.  Well they forgot there’s a lot of real estate between the east coast and the west coast that have a vote too !!!! #MAGA !!!!
This is the new normal now... FAKE NEWS is part of the new FAKE ERA of FAKE illegitimate Trump with his FAKE EVERYTHING!
your just one of those people who believes everything you hear , so sad !
didn't listen to his LIES you mean.
You won, so why still rant about the elections. Get out of your megalomanic tower and get to work!
Breitbart is a major source of fake news. So shameful that our president elect is elevating this trash.
keep believing that if it makes you feel better
.@realDonaldTrumpI'm1 of many#WomenForTrump#BabesForTrump#TrumpTrain#Trump2016
#hottiesfortrump
how trump won: an outdated system
So you are saying the electoral college is out of date ? 
You want to replace it w/ what ?
Ranked choice voting.
Glad I am alive to see the greatest Pres in the world, love you President Trump
Trump is the most unpopular president elect in decades! -- according to polls and the election.
you are a true American! You want us all to succeed!
this is a joke, right?
you're the joke 
me and the thousands here to your few
you lost, remember?
no, i dont, I wasn't running.
ya lol you would have won;-) 
love  you as a piston but not cool how you speak to the President,  I guess I was blind  90 91
FAKE NEWS #notmypresident #boycotttheinauguration #WomensMarch
Left lost 'cusm they live in fantasy land, need a serious reality check! MAGA!!!
Brietbart news? This is your reliable news source? Oh my stars. This country is in trouble.
it was written in the stars too <3 : )
now that a fake news organization Brietbart is as illegitimate as you are
...Here's to *deep* eval of #impartiality of "news." Strip support 4 hate: public broadcast. Grow new sites.

Civil Rights Icon, Democratic Neil Young says ' We Lost b/c we played Donald Trump Cheap..The Russians did NOT take it !! ' #wednesdaywisdom 
UTTER BULLSHIT!!!! The dishonest party in all this, is YOU!!
Why do you try so hard to legitimize yourself? Very strange! #WRONG
brieitbart????? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH talk about fake news that asshat invented it!
Удалить свой аккаунт
ItsDaWorldOfSNuGGLEZ
Keep talking to the 50 million people on computers. We trust you & know how the left wants to keep status quo
You have lifted the spirits of all good decent Americans. God Bless You and your family and The United States of America.
The media did have it right with their polls. Hillary did beat you by over 3million votes. You are not legit! Buddy!
LOL Breitbart News ! SO this is the real World and no FakeNews ? What a Bullshit
.@realDonaldTrump @BreitbartNews the media missed it mainly because you had the help of Putin to win and Breitbart is pure propaganda.
UR base missed it, polls w/I margin of error, no landslide ranked #48 of 54 EC rank, 3,000,000 LESS VOTES than HRC, no mandate #Illegitimate
Castro is dead
You won because Democrats did not show up.  She still was able to beat you by 3million votes.  SO SAD
fake alt right "news"
Brother you won becasue you appealed to people like me long before you decided to run and we together opened others eyes.
oh brietbart... now that's a reliable source LOL #therealfakenews
Is this FAKE NEWS? Can't be too careful.
Tomorrow is your Day!  Rest tonight!  Rember, 3.34 yards makes for a first down, metaphorically speaking!
If you were half as funny as you think you are, you would be twice as funny as you are.
oh surprise, a breitbart article... Aaand the ONLY one of course #thesmokenmirrorspresident
The win was due to Russia and Comey
Source of fake news!!!!!! Stop tweeting
Breitbart??..How fake can you get??
USA is going from Hunk to Chunk. Sad.
LMAO
you just retweeted an alt-right newsite you facist Russian puppet.
A daily reminder that all news in the United States are made by these 6 #corporations https://twitter.com/Jeblary2016/status/671799941275209730/photo/1pic.twitter.com/DDDdRrMRlk 

Mr. PEOTUS, surely you know how unseemly & self-serving it is to quote your top adviser's one-sided blog?
you do realize breitbart is full of fake news... funny guy!
because Russia& U were spoon feeding lie after lie after lie.  Bait&switch
How trump lost and the media missed it
got my vote

fake news!
Typically provides fake news with no credible source.

Breitbart?! Talk about your FAKE NEWS! & the whole world knows it! We are laughing AT you, not WITH you! LOL!
Give us a break already...ur such an braggart; $ blinds u to see only u like ur God's gift 2d world...sheeesh
seriously? Breitbart is your source? Talk about fake news!
Correct
Sucking off Putin?
Check out Frontlines special for the real story on how Trump grew up and became president.
sharing fake news, I see. Breitbart also says women who go to college are dykes. You're a clown.
They want the scam jobs to go on.They don't want citizens to be well off.
white supremacy led the way. Was it MAKE AMERICA WHITE AGAIN??
Using Twitter to speak directly to the people is genius!
did your chief strategist write the article too?
The very fact u are using alt right media #FakeNewsMedia to push your angle makes u LAUGHING STOCK OF WORLD
Media didn't miss you are a pu--y grabbing sexist and have NPD Narcissist Personality Disorder
Oh gee.    By Breitbart. LOL!!!
Simply got up close and personal...people matter!  
Spoiler alert: Russia and racists. That's the whole report. #Putinspuppet
the article would be meaningful if the source was not a creator of Fake News
Great speech president Trump from this New York Psychiatrist that works for the VA.
Next you're going to cite National Enquirer as a "real news" source

you call that journalism..HA how bigly of you
lmao
fake news! You are fake news!
ran to help Hillary, stole Bernie truths once narcissist personality realized could win. Yay.
#FakeNews
Breitbart?  Seriously??  I thought you were exposing fake news, not pushing it.
Fake News! Terrible writing!
How dare you! lol
Pres.Elect Trump has looked around don't like what he sees.And did like any other MAN! would do and ran for office!
#tinyhands @BreitbartNews is a fake racist news outlet, and you know it.  You want respect, you'll need to earn it
Russian Hacking
ha ha ha your such a #FakeNewsMedia junkie. 
The press & media have no credibility They have their agenda & don't realize that the electorate has figured it out. Shame!
A link to one of the biggest Fake News sites you hypocrite #putinspuppet

I was listening and heard nothing but bulling and bigotry through out his whole campaigning.
Anyway, just to piss off all
fascist-leftists and medias
all over the world,
electing you was good
enough reason already !
HA HA HA HA still> 3 MILLION more votes! & everyone hates you!
Fake news and you know it.
You are missing the point.....  The Media and Intel does have it right!!!   HOMEWORK TIME DONALD, OPEN EARS, CLOSE MOUTH!!!
FAKE NEWS hun x
Spoke gibberish to idiots, you mean.
.                apprentice your next job is healthcare for everyone. You have four years or you're fired.
breitbart? Really? Alt-right news outlet. Worthless to middle class people unless you want lies.
. 
. The Next president of the USA #DJT I will stand with you to  crush the hate on this feed.  You are the Man 
...so weak and insecure. Still trying to convince people you're legitimate.
media has not listened to anything other than cash being counted. They thought they were relevent, defining.
you're seriously citing Breitbart? Dude, we are educated citizens who read multiple sources.
