Don, U actually need something called CREDIBILITY in order to be believed. Sorta like when you claim that UR "winning".  
God looked down from heaven and saw all the evils that Democrats do & sent the Donald to slay them
The "Glory of God" and donald trump have NOTHING to do with one another. Who Would Jesus Grab?  #moneyLaundering #FakeUniversity #adultery
#SatanLookedUp
Are you lying AGAIN? Like @boyscouts told you #Jamboree was well delivered @EPN called about Mexico Southern Border #PoliceBrutality a JOKE
They are so childish....we have been so done with them Sir. They may as well just close up shop. 
You're a proven liar.  And the kind of braggart who would say that kind of thing.
you are the worst president ever! RESIGN!
anytime you say Fake News I just assume whatever it is, is true.
You're such a liar. Why would we believe anything you say?
That is why you leave every chance wou get.    More fake news from trump
trump is a Pathological Liar
I thought it was a fairly conservative news outlet that first posted it?
No worries! I believe you.
Mar-a-Lago (golf hut) is one of the most shoddy buildings I've ever seen. But Fake Time Cover called The Apprentice a SMASH! 
Russia

Mueller

Big Trouble

Lame duck

Devil

No winning

OBAMACARE

Loathed not respected or feared

#TreasonWeasel
I remember u saying you wouldn't changea thing  in the WH because it's a beautiful part of our history   Knew they lied
Yes you said it with your dementia ass they need to remove you from the White House because you have made it the corrupt house u and family
 I loathe u
Mr Trump.... (you don't deserve to be called president) have you ever meet a lie that you just couldn't fabricate???
Mr. President, we are behind you 100%.
We will fight for you everyday.
TRUMP 2020
Wolf! Wolf! Wolf!
Trump you would rather climb a 50 foot tree and tell a damn lie, than stand on the ground and tell the Truth. Open your mouth, lies come out
Liar
Who cares?
Nobody believes the press
Hmm... Because golf magazines are secret lairs of progressive politics.  #Fake45 can't keep track of his lies
You are untrue to America. Only out for yourself
You are a chronic, consistant, pathological liar. And a traitor with a hostile foreign government. Indict. Impeach. Convict. Incarcerate.
Censoring tweets is not cool! We see you.  our @POTUS!! #MAGA #FireMcMaster
We know better FAKE PRESIDENT.  You lie all the time...you said it, you know you were bragging to your friends.  BAD!!
We never thought for a moment you did, Sir. These "sources" have lost all credibility w/ the people eons ago, & will never stop. #FakeNews
I'm sure it was after the former occupants vacated, though. We know how it is.
See Trumpy, here's the thing. No one believes anything that you say. You probably did call it a dump. No gold toilet, right?
Fake President is at it again with dumb tweets after being caught in one more lie. #Resign #RussianPuppet #LiarInChief
We love our president and our country
Well it does sound like sometyou would TOTALLY say. 
No One Believes you!
He's lying again, it's been proven, and yet you happily retweet a lie. Trump zombie.

Liar!
What are you confused with ?
Oh I see , well I’m not a fan of politics I just learn and put out my views ... all I always want is one America .
Oh, we thought you'd called it a shithole, like most of Africa. Beg pardon. Go live in a Days Inn, creep.
#FakeNews - However, it would not be hard to believe that the Obama's messed up the place just as the Clinton's did, having no respect for our nation's history.
The whole place is bugged.  Do you worry that some of the thoughts you've been having are being beamed into your mind by the CIA?
You couldn't have mentioned this to him sooner? #MAGA
He's gotta know how easy it is to bug a place.  If I were him I would live somewhere else rather than risk constant surveillance.
We believe you Mr President !
Golf journalist: At least 8 people heard Trump call the White House a ‘dump’

http://bit.ly/2oaHJ67 

#LiarInChief #Predator #ShortFingeredVulgarian #TrumpColluded #TrumpIsATraitor #WorstPresidentEver
Porcelain toilets are ok then?
it is just so serious that you can't stop!  Why lie about stupid stuff?
You were just going  by the stench of Islam left by the previous occupants.
the problem with Trump supporters is not their political beliefs, it is that they don't fact check and like what he says
right, so 8 people heard it.  Now the golf magazine is fake news.  Like the jobs and unemployment rates were fake until you
so now McMaster is next?  Let me guess, he actually puts country 1st?  Not corrupt enough?
Not likely... busted again... when will you ever learn to keep mouth shut & stop lying
Don the con,liar in chief!
I wonder why your golfing buddy would report that you said that to "Golf Magazine" which was the source of your alleged comment.  I
Aww being forced to cover your ass?
it's amazing you have bad statistics with 94% SURVEY OF YOUR RATINGS IN, FUNNY  NO ONE I KNOW HAS EVER ANSWERED A SURVEY RATING YOU !!!
No matter what you say the media will not agree with you. Look what you said about the protestors. They do not want to understand you?
Hey ass hole ! Thats persian golf not arabian !
هی زردک به حرف حست روحانی گوش کن ! کمی مطالعه تو ببر بالا
MY MENTOR, THE FOURTH ESTATE #MEDIA WILL BE #EcomicalWithTheTruth
Are we supposed to suddenly believe a pathological liar? Enjoy your vaca u lazy hypocrite! #MuellerIsComing #MuellerTime #MuellerGrandJury
Excuse me, YOU said it was a dump.
Indeed it is a beautiful building (home). I wish I could visit it at some point of time
Fuck Fake News!
You are running a country and that's all you have to tweet about...
..on terrorism but their own agenda, trying to pull you down.Given Snowden having published the cook book recipe for anyone to spy on anyone
The economy has really changed since trump came into power..the best president I have ever known
You are FAKE NEWS. You lie every day.
Too bad there were witnesses.
the #FakePresident IS LYING AGAIN! ur a joke! Did the tax payers pay for this??
Lying again Donnie? 7 different people heard you. I guess you just can't help yourself.
Best of luck with the grand jury! Hahaha
I wouldn't say sports illustrated is news much less fake news. Sports news maybe. Also a person said this. Not reliable source. @POTUS
I believe it may have been a golfing crony or two that made that statement.
It's not fake news you did not everything disagreeing  with you is fake
Mr. President you need to KNOW that WE the PEOPLE do not believe a word out of their vile mouths!!! Nor their rigged completely false polls!
So 8 people's word against yours?
You sit on a fake gold throne of lies #FakePOTUS #WHSquatter #Manchurianidiot #ConfederacyOfDunces
You said it! Now you are lying about that. You have no soul... SAD!
McMaster is the Deep State Deep Throat. Fire him!!
Can you just NOT . No one believes you
You should tell your golf buddies to stop quoting you  #failingpotus #impotus
#fakepresident
I follow anyone who retweets my link please. http://www.gofundme.com/helpfloodplease  #donationsneededforrecovery
Liar
No! The real news was pointing out you are the dump. No strategy, no wisdom.
"It’s not a Lie. The President said this in front of eight or nine members & staffers at Bedminster "from an extremely credible source"
They're all Democrats hired by Killary!! /s
stop lying! You know you said it! It's not golden enough for you! Move out now!
Why don't you stay there then on weekends?
Trump you did. Trump can't tell a truth from his lies
Trump, have you lost count  of all the things you have said were "fake news" that turned out to be true?
Plus there are 8-9 people who say they were there when he said it, so...
They are a bunch of liars, 6300 billion ppl know it minus the number of Congress.
We got your back Mr. President!
It's fine to say it--own up to it, and move out if it's not good enough?
Only 8 people heard you call it a dump. You are a perpetual liar.
I think it was your golf buddies that said you called it a dump..are they fake too???
you can't just say something and then take it back. Your a liar.
If you think The White House, the people's house, is a dump, get the F*#k out of our house, couldn't happen soon enough u should be ashamed
Get Comey!! The jury is out. He lied about documents on The tarmac meeting. Collision mania about talking points with Lynch, NY Times etc!!!
The main stream media is just a brain washing machine for idiots who don't know any better lol. Fox is at least decent.
Stop eating rotten Ronnie hamburgers
If you like it there so much why have you spent so much time vacationing in Florida? Get to work you lazy narcissist.
liar liar ......
They bash you a lot.... if it is a dumb it is probably from the Obama's living there for so long
It's a dump cause of trump. Get out, I'd rather have a "Black house" any day over you! Grow up stop tweeting you're the freakin president.
Venezuelans do not have food and medicine. A lot of properties and cash are here in the USA of the bad people. Please frozen all assets
: Mr. President, just don't listen the BULLSHIT of the left and the fake media. Enjoy your vacation with your family.
Mueller is going to get you and the rest of those horrors in your family jail time is heading your way
Just wish we could stop talking about all the bullshit, petty stuff and let's see him do the damn job.  Who cares if he said it's a dump.
They just misconstrue everything. We love you and will keep you in our prayers.  Always!!
Good to be hopeful but for Fucks sake, can you not see this guys con? Did you wire money to the African prince guy too?
People HEARD YOU SAY IT!
At least we know YOU won't Steal $250,000. worth of WH antiques, cutlery, etc. on your way out!
Liar.  Can't wait till these folks are interviewed. And you were in cell video.
Has the price of corn in the United States increased?
the real American people has spoken your the weakest president ever and one lying SOB
You are a consummate liar!
Lyin' Trump
Yes you did and you are dump
TRUMP STOP TWEETING FAKE NEWS, DETACHED YOURSELF EMOTIONALLY FROM THE BULLY.  THE MAINSTREAM MEDIA  OBSSED ON YOU CAUSE YOU BOOST RATING
You are fake news fake Twitter followers you got busted ha ha 110 mill down to 35 mill all bots and fake account got suspended looking good
I remember mr. President when you said you wouldn't change a thing 
Trump wouldn't know the truth if it slapped him in the face he calls the truth #fakenews but in reality he is the fake
I wouldn't worry if you didn't like the Whitehouse, neither did Jackie Kennedy. The world loved her anyway.  Just keep up good the work!
Your mum is a dump
fake news didn't say it.  you said it.  and a group of people around you all heard you say it.  you lie about lying.
I do not believe you
Keep doing the great job. Proud of you President!
Hay @realDonaldTrump it's on tape stupid
You called it a dump. Please stop your #fakenews
News was not fake..Fact is you never know when you're lying. But yur a liar just the same. BAD !!
Its true the place as it was a bump!
My PRESIDENT will put class & beauty back into the Ovel Office make sure Obama's devices are removed
Fake News - We can't trust them at all!!!
It's time to start moving on getting @KimGuadagnoNJ & @mayorrendo elected Governor & Lt Governor of New Jersey. We are just 3 months away.
Eight people heard you. YOU ARE THE FAKE NEWS.
hmmm you seem to have a regular problem "remembering".. did you NOT say it or just simply FORGET?? #45dementia
Little Donnie: since you have NO science advisor, what do you make of the statistics on p. 375 of the CCR (an increase in violent storms)?
8 witnesses say that you are lying. You lie more than a rug.
Liar!!! 
We may not know you personally but we understand who you are. You really are going to make America Great and that gives us real hope. TY
Every time you say something isn't true- it turns out that you're the liar! Get out of our house! Go home to your golden tacky apartment
So glad you love our very beautiful and historical WHITE HOUSE.  I knew you would!
We love ya Mr. President, keep winning and kicking crybaby a$$
Stop the BS. You know exactly what you said.
I love you Trump!
You love nothing but your self - and maybe your daughter. Bizarre! Utterly bizarre! 
You lie so much I can't believe you.
Why are you updating, fixing, goldplating it???
Come on Donny really? Where's the gold plated gold. Lol
Brake Obama bast  president
Why would we believe anything you say?
Can't put the toothpaste back in the tube... your words are out there
I HATED ALL LAYS . YOU ARE I GOOD VATHER FOR AMERIKA YOU SAY "AMERIKA FIRST" THATS RIGHT PRESIDENT TRUMP .
A tape will come out, you'll say it was a joke or sarcasm, you'll make a funny face and say "Fake News!" We know the drill.
Who can we believe? Latest polls show most of us citizens think you are not honest. Hyperbole or lies?
Is this real life ?¿
