The CNN WWE video was such a great precursor to your discussions this morning, you moron
It's funny because Vince told all WWE employees to not speak about Trump during and after the election
When will you take down those FAKE Time magazine covers from your businesses? It shows your weakness.
Poor Italy. :(
#25thAmendment
Nobody cares.


Maybe you won't have time today to attack women's appearances, lie about the media, or post acts of pretend violence on your Twitter feed.
Don't be a D-Bag
Lick my balls.
You sad little man
3 Years, 6 Months, 17 Days, 5 Hours, 21 Minutes, and 39 Seconds
Until second term!
We can shorten it
Don't warn them! They'll take the phone off the hook.
Look,I made a boom boom in the potty!I'm a big boy now.#fakepotus
What an achievement! Aren't you a clever poppet..
ciao donald, is italia. we no wanna talk a to you
Uh that's what people do at G20...no big deal. Another nonsense tweet
Thank you for your service to OUR country Mr. President Trump @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Thank you for smacking down CNN.
Trump DESTROYS @CNN. 

Thank you @realDonaldTrump!
#FNN #FakeNews #FakeCNN #FraudNewsCNN …
CNN is a steamin pile of...
RT if you stand with President Donald Trump against biased and fake news media like @CNN #FNN #FakeNewsCNN #FakeNews #CNNFakeNews #CNNisISIS 
Anyways have a great day sir and a productive talk with Italy.
Please don't tweet them
Sure you'll be able to fit in all those calls while golfing?
Try not to embarrass us too much Don.
So what are you going to insult them also.
Italy is a beautiful country! Perhaps you should vacation there after being removed from office. #25thAmendment
You look like a goofball Daev.
You look like a stalker hiding your identity and digging up 9 month old tweets, so... 
I got new snowflake when you post on Twitter people can respond and that doesn't mean they're stalking you. Don't tweet if you don't want people to respond. Remember it's a social app.
9 month old tweets don’t just show up in your feed, you have to dig for them. I have no problem with people responding, but it’s nicer when you know who people are and don’t just hide behind a screen name. “Remember, it’s a social app.”
I'm still waiting for you to give me the facts on why president Trump should be removed from office. Your dislike for him does not count.
Uh, you want me to list all the facts here? Do you think I’m made of thumbs? If you haven’t paid attention already to the numerous impeachable offenses he has committed then I doubt you’re going to listen to me. More likely just yell “fake news” at what you don’t like to hear.
I'm still waiting for just one piece of evidence. Uh-oh are you starting to realize that you're fake media has fed you a bunch of General garble and now you can't think of anything specific?
Laughing at you?
Will you be speaking with your 7th string lawyers every hour on the hour
Would that be Sergio Mattarella?
Big deal. Get back to us when you actually do something (other than play golf).
They also think you're pazzo
Maybe u should be speaking to a psychologist
Please don't act like a fool.
Too late.
Wow, that's a lot of people to speak with..
Me too "Hello Italy". What a stupid POTUS #25thAmendmentNow

I pray they protest!
Legalize Recreational Marijuana #MAGA
Please try not to embarrass us, oh wait too late
Oh boy, you going to shove him too? You are nothing but an embarrassment to our country!
The whole of Italy?
The pizza country!
More of that. The country with over the 70% of Art and culture in the world. Ignorant!
Italians can't stand you either, you're a joke
Poor Italy too.
Poor Italy? They should be glad the mighty USA watches their backs! We put a lot into NATO
Ha ha ha 'the mighty usa' yeah, no
No you won't. You'll be speaking to a person whose name you don't know or can't spell.
or Luciano Pavarotti perhaps
Dead, it would be kinda miracle.
But he claims to be his great friend
Beats me. ;-)
What? Italy? Do they have golden showers there?
Please don't let someone else.
I'm sure they were rolling their eyes at you as much as the majority of Americans do...many times a day!
My pizans will dig ya
You could go there and never come back. That'd be fine.
Cool story bro.


Ask them how they have been able to prevent terrorism despite ISIS's proclamation to go after Rome.
#25thAmendment
How can one speak with Italy?
He's going to stand on the eastern shore of Sardinia and shout across the sea.
You realized that you will be speaking with a representative for Italy, not in front of a crowd, Mussolini-style
Haha joking right...
I'm sure Barak Obama the stalker will be traveling to Italy TOO!
Ma'am he was the president for 8 years how could you not know how to spell his name. *Barack Obama
Typo smarty-pants
Do better

You mean embarrass?
I spoke with Canada.
My condolences to Italy. #resist #ImpeachTrump
God bless you
Can you fire Ventura while you’re there?
WONDER WHAT HE WILL SAY TO PUTIN? 
WHILE KISSING THAT A#$
What ??? Exactly how does that work ??
act like you have some class and quit embarrassing the USA
May God always Bless you Mr. President 
Please don't come back.
FUCK
Ok if you say so..
Sorry Italy!  You watching MSNBC yet?
Dear POPULAR VOTE LOSER, hope you don't insult them.
No child refugees or women. Mostly middle aged men. Economic migrants, opportunists. Either looking for work or taken advantage of benefits
Mortacci tua!
siamo messi bene, allora
What, all of it?
The whole country???? Wow. Does that mean you know where it is?
#FreeVerratti
Will be speaking with Italy this morning!
Watch out for the Italian reporters. They have nice smiles too.
Jesus. God save the Italians.
You do know there are other forms of punctuation than exclamation marks, don't you?
Is that your version of ordering in Italian?
Pizza Hut is not Italy Donald
@emmmaaaaaaaaaa0 me when I found out the specialty shop doesn't serve spaghetti with clams
$10 says at some point of the conversation, Comrade Trump will yell," Badabing!!"
You better pop over and see what traitor Obama is stirring up with Moon!
Hey....Jokeryou look like this
Italy? Do you speak to Italy in person? I think you mean the officials.
@DavidMuir That suit was sharp who picked it out
Please leave us alone...
I'm honestly shocked you didn't accompany this tweet with a photo of you eating a bowl of spaghetti...
Before or after you golfed?
Italy says "Vaffanculo." 
You should show them your new video, really impressive.
Go DJT Go

Grazie! Tu sei il migliore presidente delle State Uniti che ho mai visto! Continua a protegere la nostra nazione! FORZA TRUMP!
CAXXO!!!
Hai piccole mani e un pene più piccolo.
I AM SO GLAD YOU ARE #TheBespresidentusa  

Love you

Please always say a pray for your parents -  bring tradition back

Love you @POTUS
No thanks we are fine
Hopefully you get the Boot !
Like, just in the general direction of Italy? Or do you know someone with the first name Italy?
Wow I can hardly wait, it's read the embarrassing story
Why aren't you at the g20?
About Pizzas..Macaronis..Spaghetti & Risotto???
Man you just talk too much!!!
Mama Mia 
Who cares
All of them, or just the ones who are too stupid to see how ridiculous you are?
You didn't instruct us to "Enjoy!"
You do know when he says he's speaking to all these different countries that he's not talking about anything important
No grazie! We’re ok without u 
The Italians say "Buon giorno Presidente Arancione!"
Don't forget to mention your HUGE victory last fall
Calling Olive Garden to see if they still have unlimited salad and breadsticks isn't "Italy" President 25th Amendment.
In Italian?
I didn't know "Italy" could answer the phone.
Here in Utah we have a Sandro parting belong look a like. Say hello to the president of Italy for Aaron Espinoza
Ask her how the kids are doing!
New Manager?
God help Italy.
Molto buono, Signore Presidente!
The whole country?
I hate you
Get charlie gard to US for help. He deserves every chance at life he can get. Thank u in ur effort to help this happen president trump.
Wow, you spoke with the WHOLE country? Impressive (more likely u didn't know who you would be speaking with)
Get someone to give you crib notes on the names you need to know. Keep them in your pocket. By the way Italy is a country not a person.
"A lot of people don't know that pizza came from Italy. My favorite is Papa John's, I love to eat it with a knife & fork & feed Ivanka"
The whole country at one time?  Or is someone going to put the phone down to the ground so you can talk to the physical country?
What's the matter you decrepit old fool? Did you forget the name of the Italian PM or do you just not know at all? Lay off the Rogaine.
lol no one cares dude
anche no
So what!! No one cares.  You cheated and you are a friend of Putin@and you love dictators
Are they setting up speakers in the streets so that you can "speak to Italy?"
Tell 'em hi
Hopefully you will learn something.  Our first inept president.
At least he is not using onc emr software even trump would be confused
Don't forget to thank them for giving the world pizza  & spaghetti  !!!
Could you speak to government about VA campus in Knoxville Iowa.  Beautiful historic buildings deteriorating fast
Why? You need a Marinara recipe?
If, when speaking to Putin, you could not talk we'd appreciate it.  My kids can't speak Russian.
You FAKE PRESIDENT! Who cares!
Nobody cares.
Comrade @realDonaldTrump
Good Lord. Stop talking about talking.
Maybe DO something?
When Olive Garden forgets to bring me breadsticks
#RacistDictator
Will be making a fool of yourself again
Start working for America! Work on single payer healthcare!
#FuckRussia
Well well, speaking with a entire country, talking to the people, cows, and the streets off course. I guess you meant talking to a leader.
Please, help stop this invasion of migrants - invaders!
The whole country or will you ask the operator for someone specific,
#TheWorldWonders when the EU will impose an International Gag Order on so-called @POTUS #DullardJChump.

Nero fiddles ("golfs"), Rome burns!
Please don't embarrass us!!! I haven't visited yet and don't need you to make us unwelcome there. #25thForThe45th
stai a casa tua, grazie.
FOTTITI
wow.  Really?
Italy actually JUST cancelled
Good luck because you don't speak American any morning.
Tweet when you speak with God
Forza Italia
Why? What did they do to have to put up with your blather?
Please break your downward spiral and stop fucking up our international relations #idiotsGuideToPresident
@Maddiecox27 I didn't know he was talking to @Teax33 this morning??
You tweet like a teenage girl...100 times a day, letting everyone know what you're doing all day. Basic. Sad.
Thanks, but no thanks. I think I'm speaking on behalf of all Italians when I say we politely but strongly decline your offer. Greetings.
