Dear Mr President, I see no legislation to prove these statements. Please refrain from tooting your own horn. Sincerely,
Voter/tax payer.
@tillerson_w  "America First" is a KKK slogan from the twenties, maybe earlier. This racist clown knows this, and Republicans stand with this BS.Has been said to the United Nations and our allies all over the world. Disgraceful and disgusting.

Thank You! Mr. Trump @realDonaldTrump God Bless You! 
Right.. Does everyone realize that you plan to tack on a 25 cent gas tax on the WORKING people of America to pay for this?  Because you couldn't bring yourself to tax Amazon (worth a trillion, pays no Federal taxes.) Fraud.
President Donald Trump: Just back from ASPA Denver, CO and heard the news of Rex Tillerson's departure which is a loss for the US. "Reporting on HHSA to Defense Budgets"-bad news for US and ASPA membership. Julie Ann Racino, ASPA, HHSA, SENRA, 2018 at "International Assembly"
Putting America first means stopping all foreign aid to fake allies and getting our homeless off the streets, training our children for vocation and prof jobs, and allowing Americans to sponsor their spouses to America. That is America first.

I hope you feeling better today,Mr http://Secretary.You  have been working non stop&you,the President and his team are doing a great job to fix the mess Obama caused thru his incompetent&ideolgically driven actions.Take care of yourself sir.Recharge on the weekends,We need you.
Russia Election Interference: Trump State Department Has Spent None of $120 Million Allocated to Fight Russian Meddling.  WHY?  #RussiaSanctions
There is no infrastructure.
1.5 trillion added to debt from tax scam, wants 25 billion for stupid wall everyone agrees will not work, wants 20 million for FASCIST parade while he pillages EPA, Disability Act ( HELPS VETS), Medicaid and Social Security.
#AmericaFirst.
Ja mein Fuhrer! We are glad that u have experience abusing construction contractors! Will save the treasury billions!
america must be gr8 again in d fear of yaweh Elohim may darkness gv way for light to emerge in america God bless America!!
Thank You
great! Thank you.
Zeytinin govdesini menbicte
Gotunuze sokacagiz
Bu dal kopeklerinize

Ey kafirler!
Yenileceksiniz ve
Sürülüp cehenneme gönderileceksiniz. imza imanli Kürt
LMAO LMAO, this dumbass is full of shit
America is going to build again. Under budget and ahead of schedule. Time to put #AmericaFirst! #InfrastructureWeek… htt...

I get the feeling you'll make a killing financially from this.
Sure, let's give 2 of your contractors a $300 mill project. Oh wait, that would be a conflict of interest. You can't do that.
#America needs better roads, rails, & bridges #infrastructure. NOT a #wasteful & ineffective $50+ BILLION #borderwall! #InfrastructureWeek
Keep up the good work mr. president!keep doing all you can for #AmericaFirst .
Liar
If you have to go to jail, you can help and motivate inmates. They will learn from you! Please don't accept, POTUS is not a good person! U R
Sheriff Joe. I'm a long time fan of yours. Please don't accept the pardon from POTUS! Few mo in jail won't change ur life. Please don't !!!
I hate to break it to you, but allocating a week to infrastructure isn't going to do a f-ing thing to help the problem.
謝謝你使用我們的鋼鐵
Tick...
I have a Multi-BILLION $ business idea that will upgrade infrastructure in Trucking and Shipping and Transportation including creating JOBS.
Jerk
Building costs money. Who is going to pay?
U can't do anything under budget - you just spend, spend, spend.
You Sir, are the true " steam roller."
There is a world economy now. You need a plan to compete.
The good guys are at home waiting for the final tug of the pulg.good luck Mr Trump
#endDACA save taxpayers BILLIONS!!
Do something besides talk about how great you are...
LOLOL are you resigning
America is not a casino project. Stop talking like it is it is that all you know?
America First Finally#Make America Great Again
"We got trouble."
A man of vision and Leadership. A long time coming.
tax cut to rich.  cuts to soc sec Medicare medicare school lunches meals on wheels etc
and build a wall and make Mexico pay for it, repeal Obamacare on day one!, repeal NAFTA on day one, irradicate ISIS in 30

Blah blah
I wish you all the luck in the world  Mr President get America going
Like your D.C. hotel that was built by the immigrants you want to deport, and immediately fell apart after the presser? No thanks.
Build the wall.
You're doing a great great job Mr. Trump just keep it up
Cristinerghesi@gmail.com bună live
Garbage elected ... sad failing and likely corrupt gabage results
Do it prez!
Your face is read now
Did you stop eating carrots?
How many are u going to screw out of wages and how businesses are u going to screw by not paying them, as u did in your businesses?
Under budget and ahead of schedule...what the F are you talking about. I hope your son inlaw is not involved as he does the opposite.
what are you talking about? You got one Supreme Court justice, nothing more,you  are destroying valuable services we need.
Amen
thanks sir
EXCELLENTE !
AMERICA PRIMERO SIEMPRE   CON EL MEJOR PRESIDENTE !
DE USA  45 !
DONALD J. TRUMP !
By cutting budgets from programs that help the poor and sick. #TREASON #PutinsPuppet #ImpeachTrump
Whenever im sad I think about how Muller is going to put you in jail and your whole cabinet and then I'm happy go Mueller f*** con man Trump
make American sucks again
LMAO.  ALERT us when you actually do work counts and not jyst signing blank 010121n
They should have been putting money into America & Americans! But Greedy Clinton Coke&Sex business "WH Party Era" THIEVES!
I just do NOT believe you, do you blame me? Oh, you probably do.
He is a socialist! He did lie about Benghazi. He didn't protect America but instead performed social experiments on the military. On and on.
Yes, we need to build the U.S.A. up again, build up worthwhile Culture, Faith, Character, Community, Each other!
Drain the Swamp.
You look like a kindergarten bully
Only way to do so is your impeachment @realDonaldTrump
Boo! Liar!
You do know that you are supposed to be turning towards the camera when you talk right?
Mr.President,I know you'll never read this,but keep fighting.They're not even giving you a chance.From a disabled cop, thank you. You'll win
But will you pay them, or screw them like the contractors that have worked for you in the past
Good job
#MuellerDeeplyImplicatedIn911 This will blow the entire 911 affair out of the water. Need to take up with POTUS ASAP. Clayton.
building of the concentration camps and enslavement of the people plan is on schedule
@realDonaldTrump   #MakeAmericaGreatAgain !!!!
Donald it is not good to wake up to millions of hate comments each day.  Hire me to block them so you only see the good. U will produce more
Donald and I are winning! We're winning big! The top 20% of America will overcome with a GREAT WIN !
You are truly a delirious individual with a host of issues. The Emperor 's New Clothes is all that comes to mind to describe your antics.
Here we insert sweetheart deals rather than use our military resources who maintain everything on bases and then there's the Seabees.
I hope this tweet is about the criminal investigation into Trump's obstruction of Justice.
Lier
U going to pay people or rip them off like u do in ur business?
Now THIS is a PRESIDENT!
GODSPEED TO YOU, SIR!
It's easy to be under budget wen you haven't done anything!
We are behind you!!!!!!!!!
SOOOO... WHAT GOT BUILT? WHAT GETTIN' BUILT N' WHEN???? I'M WAITING... #LiarInChief #RESIST45 #IMPEACH45
Did Putin say you could post this lie?  Hmm...is daughter-wife 'leaking' with Vlady?? Uh oh. Bad daughter-wife. Very bad. And sad. Bad, sad.
It won't happen until you ban the private ownership of assault weapons.
The plan you have put forth is far from "under budget".
You just talk to hear yourself
You sir are about to have all of your closets opened and your secrets revealed. The people will know the truth. Transparency will prevail
This should have been done first and being in Construction you have lost half of the best Construction period!
It'll be under budget cuz the prez will stiff anyone he chooses!
Putting America 1st would require you to stop the greed of the 1%. You are looking after the rich not the American people
An A for reading. F for failing to deliver anything of substance. Same old rhetoric.
That isn't happening...
Let's roll up our sleeves and get on with the agenda!
Fart
You stiff every worker who you employ. Untrustworthy. Liar. Loser. Only business deal you know is how to run a business into bankruptcy. Sad
DO NOT SUBCONTRACT TO CORPORATIONS! YOU WILL BE THE SELL OUT TO YOUR CRONIES!!!
wall please appeal to your voters we will pitch in we always do
#EarthFirst
No you are going to fill your pockets selling off our infrastructure. More tolls to benefit multinational corp. disgusting lies and greed
Time to make America's top 1% great again. Sad! #youcantgetanythingdone
Rebuild Detroit!
I voted for you 'cause builders cannot start building something they do not finish.  I knew you would do the same for America--start to end!
Nice comb-over

Pie in the sky just like all your other snake oil promises. You'll back out of this promise too, just like all the others.
Is this about the fence again? ::rolls eyes::
همه انسانهای واقعی تو سرشونه و مال شما کف پاتونهنیاز به چکاپ داری
Hahahah  yes, we will get a whole lot done under budget. Hahaha. Kind of like running a slum lord apartment building, right ?
Grownups always say if you make a face too long it'll get stuck that way. Maybe try bigger prompter letters...goo.gl/Qwfukm.
Do you realize that being way under budget and under schedule actually means you are terrible at budgeting and planning? Wouldn't brag.
Like hiring illegal to work your wineries? Making your clothing line overseas and Ivanka's also? Is that how you're "putting America first"?
'Under budget'=cutting corners; not wasting time on planning=rushed. Result? People in Grenfell Tower know what this arrogance leads to.
How can we with all the Muslims and illegals here. Us handing out to them. How can we with the trash in wh.
If I was a investor I would never invest in a country that can't control itself. We need to fix America first by getting Muslims illegal out
We need the ones that are in office that can't and won't respect americas choice gone. Obamas and clintons in prison for treason murder ect
This is another lie. "Under budget and ahead of schedule?" There is no budget and there is no schedule and there never will be.
Your "plan" is just a scam to give Government funds away; you already added more to the deficit than the last 2 presidents.
Your the best President EVER! Thank you!
Love you President Trump we stand with you
God bless you President Trump, you are the best president ever!!!!!
L

@realDonaldTrump Glass Steagull
http://setexasrecord.com/stories/511049238-former-worker-accuses-veteran-s-administration-medical-center-of-dirty-water-conditions …

An smeared VAwhistleblower sees a 180degree change in who's really supporting Freedom of Speech @Refee00
 
BS. LIES. EXAGGERATION beyond the pale.
Trump, since you constantly comment on women's looks, I want to say that you are unphotogenic . . . and your hair is funny.
what about the wall
They painted him red instead of orange today
That's because he is so mad today he is under investigation
That's right.Innovative integrations based solely on practical and excelled ideology and standards.Amen and may God Bless this Great Nation!
Once again you have confirmed my choice for President! I support you President Trump. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Whoever the director/producer of this propaganda film was needs to go back to school!
Happy belated birthday, thank you for taking on this God-awful job of prying liberals hands from this nation's throat. Fresh air is flowing!
THANK YOU! #POTUS stay strong and stay focus on your goal. We are still right behind you.keep on heading to the finish line. We're cheering!
I enjoy that the thumb nail to this video looks like you crying and whining.
Thank you #POTUS for who you are, the very person I voted, who will work and fight for me and trying to make #MAGA . May Lord Jesus BlessYou
This is what I'm talking about! Enough of roadblocks and investigations that lead nowhere. Let's get things done!
hi president America is a continent, not a country. Regards from Latam. 
Trying to "put America first" you are pushing us way behind. You are no longer leader of the free world, Merkel is.
Thank you Sir. I have never seen such a hardworking for Americans President as you, especially in face of all the negative, evil rhetoric.
Having good weather would help, if they can use HAARP TO change the weather,the USAF&Navy need to fix it.
#BadMove #Liar
