The same way you're building that ridiculous wall?
If the thugs were coming for you Tzu, you'd be begging for that wall while peeing your pants and crying out for help.
First off, I don't wear pants. I'm a shih tzu. And secondly, it's a waste of tax payers' money. Ever hear of ladders, shovels, rope...
For a shih tzu you sure are an alpha hotel  AND you have a smart mouth for such a teeny weeny.
You bet your bippy!
Let's bet yours first.
Have you been peeping at my bippy? *Shocked Tzu face* 
No, but my cat has.  Wanted to chase it for a while.
ら
Trump touts his day like my 4yr old abt pre-school. It's like Trump on daily apprentice and   turn on TV to see him screw up Democracy
#CampDavid Trump read on  Constitution, world history i.e defeat of Nazism, fascism & communism, which Trump aspires  #DemocracyStrong
Heading to Camp David for major meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military (which we are rapidly building...
Comparing Trump to psycho Nixon is an insult to Nixon, at least Nixon did not commit Treason with Russians.
Colorful  with all races, religions, color, language is the STRONGER & UNITED 
It's President needs to be United not Divider, or resign
Rapidly building!? The USA has always had the largest army- god what a fool
You haven't done anything to build military. All current programs set in motion years ago.
The State Department's email server is down. You were saying something about cyber security?
Hope they force you to resign!
Resign.
You are one that I want on my team in any fight ...
It's a ruse Sir! The national security part, they are gonna keep you there for 3 weeks and take away your Twitter!
Please don't stink up Camp David. We will have an elected President again & as the Russian placement you tend to turn everything to shit

You are not building anything Bozo, you are only destroying and making us weaker.
Wow, my friend in DC tells me senators r going to sanction pres.
Good sir.  Build the wall. Make.military awesome. Lower the price of prescription meds.  Raise minimum wage please.  People need it.
Stronger than when we defeated the Nazis?
The stock market lost over 200 points yesterday. Your fault. Mueller has your taxes. Flynn is talking. Resign now!
Yes!   We need this more today then ever!
@JACM0313 My #NotMyPresident instead of heading to Camp David, you NEED go see your shrink. You R not fit to be Prez!
#ImpeachTrumpAndPence
You are our man!Dont give up, we love you!Forza!

#NoTrumpRallies #NoTrumpRallies
#ImpeachTrump
#ImpeachTrump
#NoTrumpRallies #NoTrumpRallies
#ImpeachTrump
#ImpeachTrump
#NoTrumpRallies
You are not building anything, did you not read the memo, you are out
I hope there are grown ups there to solve problems and provide you a juice box.
How dare any of you talk to the president of the United States like that he is your commander and chief like it or not.. PERIOD
Please resign. Please.
Robert Murdock just pledged 1 million dollars to the Anti-Defamation League!!!
Don't forget your diapers in your catheters old man
Good.  Now, stay there.  We're much safer when you're out of the way.
Oh, look a little WEAK manbaby trying to act all big and tough. Not fooling anyone. #Impeach #Resist
The media is out of control.  It is really not helping you fight for us. 
Can't u do something maybe talk to CEO's. Don't. Tweet or talk.
You mean Camp David that you also disparaged and said you'd  never spend any time at?
The only reason you're going there is because the public doesn't have access and therefore no way to protest! Oh- and you can practice golf!
Today is a good day!  Thank you Mr President!
Don't let McMaster fool you Mr. President!
STOP LYING! 
#LOCKHIMUP #CORRUPTFAMILY #CROOKEDTRUMP #RUSSIAGATE #25THAMENDMENTNOW#TRUMPKKK
Yeah sure. Domestic terrorism continues to be a problem and you still go after the wrong thing.
And then we're going to tear that shit down when your in jail.
You sure you're not going to send ivanka instead? I mean it may be a important meeting, what if they don't have your color of crayon?
Thank you Mr. President for everything you do God bless America and God bless you
But is there a golf course at Camp David?
He is actually returning to bedminster after the meeting...

In case you don't know: there will be multiple white supremacist marches in the USA this weekend. Maybe focus on homegrown terrorism?
Why worry about international enemies, we are out numbered in our own country
Before heading to prison.
Again trying to take credit for others work.
Thank you President Trump for working for the American People
He works for the top 1% which are the obscenely wealthy who don't need one more penny and the 9-10% which are white supremacists, not us.
oh boy look who's super important
Me and my sisters love you!  Keep up the good work and thanks for keeping us safe.
safe? not when his EPA is polluting streams, rivers.,lakes and the atmosphere. backing out of Paris Agreement also does not make us safe.
You should be heading to impeachment and prison. #impeach45
What are the 3 scariest things the world has to cope with Iss, Kim Jung un, and America. All 3 just crazy places/people.
Strongest ever?? Even if it were you can't even comfort and protect the people in your own country. This world doesn't need a fake president
While I would Love to have the Biggest Baddest Military on the Planet let us not forget the nearly $23 Trillion Dollar National Debt!
endless war in Afghanistan does not help nor does $880 billion in tax cuts for the wealthy.
Keep up good work
Mr. President on youtube it has been said that Mike Pence is heading a coup to impeach you. Be wary of that person. I never trusted him!

Bullshit
stop tweeting.  please.
ACTUALLY I LOVE OUR PRESIDENT'S TWEETS! WHY DON'T YOU STOP FOLLOWING INSTEAD?
https://www.gofundme.com/helpfloodplease  i follow if you retweet my link. I hate asking anyone but this is so devastating & hard on me. So I have to ask plz
Do they have a golf course there?
https://youtu.be/RZ4LkW_H5Tk   #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow #Impeachment #ImpeachNow
Good for America
The border or the military is stronger than ever? You cannot believe, no matter which one, that you are actually doing something. You...
By any chance do you happen to have any facts to back up your bull-?  Not ever person who reads this is like one of your typical supporters
How do you justify backing Nazis when your precious daughter converted to Judaism? You threw your family under the bus to be the popular kid
Stop the bullshit and just do something
Why is Jason Kessler not in jail? He's tweet is will ignite riots. Saying it was "pay back time" do thing Trump. Lock him up!
You've lost the military, the Congress, the respect of foreign leaders, the trust of the American people.
Resign now.
@BizZoe11722 let's curse him
Drunk Trump 
These people are so hateful don't read or listen.
You cannot even master English ffs no wonder their all worried.
Keep up the great work.
When you have all the Joint Chiefs sending you messages on Racism! They are not in your corner.
Stay there!
AND PUT THE DONALD ON THE OTHER SIDE!!!
Stop

Good luck Mr. Pres. Stay strong. When the smoke clears all of the evil buggers that have hit new lows will be exposed. Life finds a way
Nothing you say or do matters anymore. #ImpeachTrumpNow #Resistance #Impeach45 #Resist
Tim for Rix T. to go,he spoiled  all your work with Mid East ally Egypt, Saudi & UAE, Aid to Egypt have to resume
I wish u would work  on how u present yourself and sound like u care about Americans and not just yourself.U speak about yourself always
I am praying for you Mr. President.  I know that you are being attacked on all sides.  You ARE doing the right things!  Hang in there!!
This is why I voted for you President Trump 
Please do not come to Az
Sad you couldn't go to Charlottesville to help heal the country. You are not wanted there. You made your Nazi bed, now lay it! No respect!
President Trump, we love you out here. You take it easy and rest-we'll be slamming OUR no good Senators ! Fly Over Country  you!
Don't forget to email your friend Vladimir and tell him all our security secrets
Why???
stand strong Mr president.  You are far more durable than any of the swamp dwellers.
Where's the wall?
Still fighting for you!  Keeping winning and screw the rest of 'em. Not 1yr yet. Already impressed! Trump army is strong!
Where's the Wall ?
'The Trump presidency that we fought for, and won, is over'
Maybe you'll just stay there. Shut up. Eat pudding.
Omg Can you stop talking like everything happening now is the strongest ever!! Our military is and have always been the best without you.
Don't go. You won't understand.
Don't let McMaster fool you with his fake skit of having one person argue for & one against more troops in Afghanistan #FIREMCMASTER #MAGA
Glad bannon won't be there pussygrabber
Oh donny boy you can resign or be fired

Boooooooo
Thank you President Trump for trying to make America Great Again.
Please quit your stinking up the country i can smell it here in canada. We need a wall first. Peeps running from you... Over 3000 in a month
You are such a liar. With what budget exactly are you doing this with?
pray'n for you and your family
We need to spend more on military like we need 3 more year of Trump
You're the most hated president in US history
Please resign.
Ya es hora señor presidente.
Quit now!!
Have a nice time. I've always wanted to go there. I like the woods.
Yeah, it'll be a good chance to test out your new hood (don't forget to cut the eye holes out).
Yea, for the security of the nation, they will smother you.
You're going to spend as much in one year as Obama did in eight and you called him lazy you're such a Con man
Building, don't you mean destroying? As well as everything else?
Who you kidding? All attendees have resigned! #delusional
don't you think you might be doing something wrong if you need a "strongest ever" army
#MAGA
also, Jesus is a thing used to trick you. He likely never existed but if he did, he'd say no one needs a military.
Thanks Obama for making us great again Sadly it is bigly being screwed up
過河拆橋你們美國人真的都是白眼狼啊
Our borders and military have always been strong. You are the only National Security risk we have at the moment!
Thank you Mr Trump
RESIGN!!
Just keep on going. How you do it I'll never know. We support you and await your success
God bless you, Mr. President. We the "deplorables" are deeply grateful to you. You have more support than you know. #MAGA...WE ARE WITH YOU!

Mmm..i beg to differ, Sir.  The use of training time out cards needs to go before we're "great" again.
Nobody likes you, please just quit.
EXPONENTIALLY-she had been disheartened...as she is a brilliant lawyer-esp with research and writing-but for so long, until you came into
34%
Is that what holidays are called now? "Meetings". I am the busiest President ever. No other President has had as many meetings as me.
don't read. Don't listen to ppl advising.  U only listen to your buddies on Fox News and like u they aren't the sharpest tools in the shed.
At least it's not another golf course that bears his name!
#ResignNow
Thank God we have a President that is doing something .
Tumpty Dumpty, sat on a wall, Trumpty Dumpty had a great fall
No One Cares !#EPICFAIL #34PERCENT
Way to drain the swamp
Can you put some pennies towards AD sponsors & dep. retirees & veterans benefits & programs? Cut military reliance on food stamps & SS.
More pathetic lies. God how I pray your reign of terror is up soon. #impeachyou

What? No golf at Mira Largo this weekend?a
You are going to Camp David to get a vacation from your vacation.
We must be strong! Divided we will "fall." Go USA nd Freedom!
Tee time !!! Again ....!
Don't come back ....lol
You mean private contractors are going to be richer than ever? While the men and women of the real armed forces suffer!
U should be doing a victory lap after KJU. Don't get caught up in the static. Stay the course Sir!
Thanks for putting 5000 additional Border Patrol ...
O wait that never happened. 
Fail.
Come back and kick ass BOSS TRUMP.
God Bless you and be with you 
Why did Erik Prince get banned?
It already is the strongest ever. What's new?
The rats are leaving the sinking ship, quickly.
Escalation of military conflict on behalf of the Chicken Hawks neocons will spell doom for your presidency.  Keep US out I beg you.
Sure douche
You're doing 0. You're probably drunk and cheating on your wife.

Like, ever ever?
Oh yes Donnie, I thought Mexico was paying for your wall?  They are not!  Just nother one of your many lies!
One would hope all your meetings would be "major ". You are such a little boy.
Fake news
