
The #Democrats in an attempt to roll out their #BetterDeal platform..announced... "Better Skills Jobs, Wages"   Or abbreviated   Better SJW 
https://twitter.com/KORANISBURNING/status/889298862481043458 …
https://twitter.com/mrntweet2/status/889356008480362496 …

Pay-for-Play. Mishandling classified info. Special favors between StateDept & ClintonFoundation. JW's latest report: http://jwatch.us/gSdPTp  
https://twitter.com/ManMountain78R2/status/889473862534021120 …

#1 Priority DRAIN THE DEEPER STENCH IN DC! Unplug The SewerBlocking Trump's Agenda!

DemoRATS & GOP Fakers
…

 

Speaking privately with Russian leaders is reprehensible. 
REPEAL OBAMACARE 100%! What idiot would duplicate the most damaging LAW ever enacted and sign their Republican Names to it?
Its a Rhetorical Question. Lol. I hope that no Senator will ever replace OBAMACARE after 100% REPEAL! Liberty and Freedom Always!
The new healthcare sucks and for you to want Affordable Care to fail is a disgrace. #TraitorTrump
Too kind.
Bcuz it's an Obamacare socialist crap-sandwich with a few paragraphs word-smithed for a fake repeal. They should be ashamed & remain quiet.

Forget health care and do something about the Muslim invaders invoking sharia law in America and the illegals in would help our budget too

He looks so evil.
There is no way a Bill that takes away my Health Care could ever be described to me as good.
Good news, Insurance companies will be able to deny you again.   I won't go back to that.
Obamacare IS Death
It's killing the innocent

No actually they're just dying. Literally.
Why don't you ever make sense?!?!?! *Babble blabble*
"Scream death as OCare dies"   WTF.   @realDonaldTrump has been playing too much Call of Duty
You mean they can't discuss how good their healthcare bill is.. because like, it isn't good.  #2000000screwedbygop #insurancerichupoor
Is it better at lunch time because you're making a taco bell run?  Im confused right now.  And how is that wiping out isis in 30 days going?
I love how you always blame others for your problems yet President Obama never once blamed others. True leaders take responsibility!
Obamacare is NOT dying, u can SAY it all u want, that doesn't make it so
Yes the personal healthcare Republucans get is GREAT, but that ridiculous plan they proposed would kill millions of people.
It's their Last GASP of Ozygen b4 #Obamacare CODES BLUE
Why r u hoping current healthcare fails ? U want us to die ? Just fix the current plan.  No need to replace.   Better yet leave office!
Are you daydreaming because your healthcare is a joke
Trump care is a failure.  Why do you want to kill 32 million Americans??
What the Pres knows about health care would fit on the head of a pin with 20,000 archangels.
I cannot WAIT TIL YOU ARE IN JAIL! #trumprussia
I've had a lot of lunches since this Tweet and no new health care legislation. Piss poor leadership, Donnie!
Resign. You suck more than the GOP DeathCare bill. Don't worry...you will still get plenty of the attention you crave...during your trial.
TheyFked you.  Don't trust them.  Trust us.  We have your back. Frag'em.  EO their special health plan.  Watch the fur fly. We're with you.
You suck
Theres a lot of people screaming death and it's not for Obamacare!
Shouldn't you be running a country?
The Republicans aren't talking about their healthcare bill because they don't have one.
I feel like a horrible person for truly wishing death upon you, but I TRULY wish death upon you. If there's a hell...that, too.
Rescind the healthcare waivers that Congress was granted by Obama. See how fast they scramble to fix it then.
Wtf does this even mean.
Rumpy, this is sad...it kinda just proves how  crazy you are. #ashamedofmycountry 
You really have no idea how healthcare operates, nor do u care.
You mean that abomination of a bill that gives wealthy people tax cuts while screwing citizens out of healthcare? We read the bill, liar!
Donald: They don't discuss how good their HC bill is cause it isn't. Good that is. It's a double plus disaster. It'll be worse if passed.
Because it isn't any good fool!
Are you drunk tweeting?!
This is a barbaric treasonous Act on the masses of people that will be negatively affected.
You do get that you're supposed to be the President of the UNITED STATES 
If it's so good why won't it cover themselves??
This Dem is not screaming. Just worried u will take away good health care I've had for almost 50 yrs!! U are rich. I am middle class- u win!
I guess that didn't turn out so much
Why are you so happy to kill something that has helped millions of Americans? Stop the hate and make America great again!

Yeah, it's so great how their healthcare plan allowed for the rich to get a tax cut while 50 MILLION Americans will lose heathcare
You are the laughingstock of the world #ImpeachTheEntireTrumpAdministration #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachPenceToo
that's right, sit back & watch 20,000,000 people lose their healthcare. What kind of animal are you?
So what happened by lunch?
It's ALMOST like you're trying to speak real words. The next step is coherent sentences.

You liar! Your bill gives billions of dollar tax breaks to the already greedy, filthy rich, and We The People will lose our healthcare!
That's all the dems have. Scare tactics and lies.  Only idiots buy into their bs. Only the people paying for hlthcare hate Obamacare
It's so good it can even get past the GOP controlled Congress, shameful
They either don't know what's in it or they are ashamed of it. They won't vote for it if they will be remembered for killing their people.
The president mever discusses his taxes & he never will not even at lunch time with @JoeyChestnut69
Dream on, your time is nearlybup. You've accomplished nothing. Your chapter in history (even tho you don't comprehend) will be a short one.
@POTUS The Republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is because… IT IS NOT A GOOD BILL AT ALL. #Trumpcare #StopTrumpcare
OCare was just fine until you butchered humatiy including America
LMAO!! BECAUSE IT IS NOT GOOD! JUST ONE MORE UNSUCCESSFUL THING IN A LONG LINE!! IT IS JUST THE BEGINNING OF LOSING.
Current bill covers less people with worse plans for higher cost. Don't sign until it provides better plans, covers more people for less $ !
you are a bafoon, u can't even begin to understand
They don't discuss how good their health care bill is because they don't have a good health care bill.  Oh, Drumpf, you're so silly

Every time you go near it, it gets WORSE.  Just do what MOST Americans want you to, just fix Obamacare, dont kill it
PLEASE stop tweeting you utter butt flannel.
You always hire somebody else to make your deals, you don't work at all, what a disappointment.
They don't discuss it because there is nothing good to say about it.
The Republicans health care bill is horrible.
The ACA has problems, but it has more good than bad. Stop trying to destroy it. Force both parties to work together to fix it. #FixNotRepeal
Oh give it up, will ya?
What? What does that even mean?
I dare YOU to explain it IN DETAIL.
Stop listening to GOPe.  We didn't vote for their ideas.We don't want Republican obamacare either. Free market with help for the needy.
Way to end 'party politics'--you accuse Dems of everything but Satanic worship, and then are puzzled when they don't want to work w you...
It's well past lunchtime...how's that healthcare going?
There's nothing "good" about it to discuss. All who pay attention see the "plan" is to cut Medicaid, raise premiums, let millions die.
#liarinchief do you evr tell truth? so which lie? Promises u made then or the lie Trumpcare good? http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/01/16/trump-reportedly-insists-healthcare-replacement-will-have-insurance-for-everybody.html … #notrumpcare
#LiarInChief dont cause is travesty but truth and you oxymoron (look it up) http://time.com/4700200/donald-trump-cbo-healthcare-obamare/ … ur promises broken surprise NOT

I really wish you would seek medical care.
#25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachTrumpNow #mentalillness #trumpisaliar #TrumpRussia #nepotism #corruption #Resistance #Predator #PutinsCockHolster
There's a good reason for that, Donny.. it's because it is a terrible bill that would only hurt the majority of Americans.
Until lobbying is illegal 100% no Healthcare bill will be for the benefit of the American people!
Put Congress on Obamacare and healthcare reform will be done in 30 minutes
It's Mueller time
Are your moronic staff going to actually read it this time?
Can't fix monopoly....Eliminate!
That's because the GOP bill is terrible. Also, health insurance costs most people several hundred dollars per month. Please keep up
How about when they leave office they have to loose their benefits. When in office they have the same healthcare as the people then.
Get government out of healthcare, leave it to the free markets. Healthcare is not a right. Total repeal of Obamacare.
tossing a worse than Obama care is your way of acting out the cremation of care ritual at bohemian grove ?
And we all scream for #icecream
At the fountain
Wrong!
IMPEACHMENT is in your future... but it will get great ratings just wait and see the best impeachment ratings every really!!!!
Trump care I is the worst thing you've done comrade!
Deals behind close doors are not good for Americans. We want to protect ACA! We deserve great healthcare, not GOP secrets! #ACA #Healthcare
Plan stop denigrating Secretary Sessions. He's a solid conservative who supported you when no one else gave you a prayer to win.
The dems nd republicans have the best healthcare.take away their healthcare nd they get wat we do nd they get min wage 2
Shty expensive healthcare will change their mind nd min wage will make them raise the SLAVE wages ppl get wrkn 80hrs a week!
News Flash:  Obamacare is STILL the law of the land!!!
Sorry to say this # jk# don't mean sorry , But don't talk about OCare like that Mr. Everything . All I got to say is you are going to die not OCare and Just go live a life also to leave OCare alone. # Mean This #
No one likes you Mr. Trump — you should quit.
The Republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is, &amp; it will get even better at lunchtime.The Dems scr...
Was Obama care partly responsible 4 > of Opiate use / let's treat everyone no matter the consequences
You don't get it. We are Americans 1st and last & won't take your crap. And as far as owning hc failure. You never put effort into hc...
What in the world do you 3 idiots talk about?
Trump ni de tou xiang hen ku o ~
Darling dear @POTUS 
Trouble is ... we know you're sabotaging #ACA on purpose 
#TrumpDeathCare
#GOPsabotage
What are you tweeting abt? You've lost your damn mind! Pull it together! Take your MEDS! Be a man! Act like a @POTUS !
Ryan gets bills passed ... McConnell is not used to having to perform. A McConnell led Senate works best at .. er, not doing anything. #MAGA
I think they got used to losing and figured out how to make money losing and it was easy
That why I say give there's to US CITIZENS...Write new on for CONGRESS and VETS ..... They will still have plan better that CITIZENS
Because it is not
LIAR, pathological liar.
Such a Dumbocrat
Yes, if only they had a bill.  Then, they could discuss it.
#ASSCLOWN
As you cut funding, and blame others.  #ChildPresident
Keep the faith. Snarky Libs can't handle success as a different kind of Prez. Everyman gets it and loves it. Ups and downs happen. Real life
Congressman have better insurance than the general public!
emmmmm，Ohare is that you？
...because it'll actually mean millions of American citizens will die if it gets repealed?
Can you resign please !!!
Please take away Congress' generous 12K healthcare stipend - let them live with their decision and watch them vote for repeal immediately
Love you, Prez!!!
You are all class, Donald.
Not only do they not discuss it, they also can't all agree on it!  Wow Donald, you the man!
Obamacare is alive and well, what's dead is Chumpcare and your attempt to repeal. Nice try though. #FAKEPRESIDENT
What about the people's health care? We know they get everything free. Smh...
Ññññññññññññ
Get out of HeathCare it is Not your responsibility!
Read and reread constitution. There is No mention if HealthCare.
You said their bill was
Cruel. Oh, right. You don’t remember what you say.
Ocare Lives!!!!!!
Nobody likes you. Your ruining America. Please stop destroying America
I dont think they're screaming death about the healthcare bill...............
Trump your fired! Your screwing the elderly on healthcare
Republicans in Congress never discussed their health-care bills because they either didn't exist or were & still are pure, pernicious trash.
I guess that made sense in your head.  What the hell are you saying?
FIRE ALL OBAMA HOLDOVERS NOW
Gee, that didn't work out so well, did it? Once again the people see through the BS.
The Republicans never discuss how trans people sacrificed their lives for this country either ig.
I know you're involved behind the scenes- good luck. Sounds cliche but nothing good comes easy
Still waiting......
Because it is crap and going down for the 3rd time, just like your fake promises
Dems are blaming you for the death of the ACA!  It was dying on it's own!  Where is the responsibility?!?!
If the President keeps causing problems for Jeff sessions . Then we will lose respect for trump and not vote for him anymore !!!
you are a silly man just go ahead and fire session
"Mean" is Trump for good?
THE BILL IS BULLSHIT!!! YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT'S IN THE BILL!!! YOU LIED TO YOUR SHEEP AND THEY STILL GOT THEIR HEAD UP YOU ASS!!!
You are such a. Liar and no one can trust you to keep your promises. You have. Broken your promise about LGBT rights, and your only interest
you have no idea what your left hand brain is doing to your right, aca is alive and kicking and you are sending shockwaves to solid plans!
Yeah, the GOP's healthcare plan is excellent. Their personal healthcare, that is. The one they are pushing is excrement+.
I hate stupid people
We don't want Trump working for America's! We want him to resign and get out of office
Turn the audio up! I want to hear the Dems scream!
They're screaming death but not because ObamaCare is dying. They're screaming for someone to end their lives so they don't have 2 listen 2 u
Thats because your health care bill is rubbish. It's that bad it make ocare look good ..
That is not the only thing (person) that should die!!!!!!!!
You know that you're the leader of everyone right, not just republicans. Start acting like it
yeah, so how did that work out for  you?
