Mr. President i have to communicate to you somethings i believe received from above, which will help you complete your 2 terms in the presidency. Back on early 2016 i shared what i received about you winning. Very important.... God bless you, your family, USA and Puerto Rico.
Mr President, just a short note to tell you how proud I am of our country and your leadership. I know the adversity you are facing is unwarranted. I know your strength and determination will overcome the adversity. Please stay strong, we really need you. God bless
Apparently not so much
"Under Trump, gains against #ISIS have dramatically accelerated"https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/under-trump-gains-against-isis-have-dramatically-accelerated/2017/08/04/8ad29d40-7958-11e7-8f39-eeb7d3a2d304_story.html?utm_term=.36a5f1e5d94f …...
What happened to your super great plan to defeat them in thirty days? I'll wait..
you need to listen to ann coulter or mexico is going to take over.
@POTUS @washingtonpost unlike your spiritual advisor i don't bealive in your choices anymore
You're fake get off twitter
Not quite so. President Putin is the one leading and diminishing the effect of ISIS
Search not quite so. President who is the leader in that war speaker.
because of what other countries are doing, not you ... you promised 30 days ... it's been a bit more than that and all you do is screw up
Bomb them get it done
lol of course it's the Trump factor ... not. It's years of fighting they are finally getting tired you muppet
And antifa ? I am more concerned Mr President.   2nd for first. I will not be threatened. I am sick of Antifa!
Drag them into the street and run them over with a tank!
...& NOT DETERRING it (August 5, 2017; 18:12 EDT) #TERRORISM #ISIS #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
,...seems like he's ENCOURAGING (August 5, 2017; 18:12 EDT) #TERRORISM #ISIS #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
& with a proposed MUSLIM BAN STILL ON TABLE, (August 5, 2017; 18:12 EDT) #MUSLIMBAN #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
WE HAVEN'T FORGOTTEN his "muslims were CHEERING" during 9/11 claim (August 5, 2017; 18:12 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
You're gross
Ew who would want to be under trump?!
Strange how the fake news doesn't report on this.
Wait, I thought the Washington Post is "fake news?"
Fake news??
Under Trump #racism #nazism have dramatically increased!
How come #ISIS doesn't attack Israel?
Wait, I thought WaPo was fake news? So it's only "fake" if the POTUS agrees with it?
This is great. Knock em off the face of earth and keep the ones grown here in your sites as well. Great job
Mr. President keep up the good work! Please do not pay attention to any of these haters. Personally I appreciate everything you're doing!
Keep up the awesome work and don't allow the liberal media distract you from a "great" agenda! #BlacksforTrump!
Gains against #YourMum have dramatically accelerated
President Trump your doing a great job. Please remove anyone who undermines you.
No!
Just not as promised. #trumpbuffoon
Not by your hand but, rather, Putin.  U.S. bombing Syrian civilians too many times accidentally.
yes, and under Obama ISIS was covertly funded and armed by the Obama regime for long ... burn Obama, amen
@POTUS @washingtonpost Great job my president.
President Trump supports Russian Dictator Putin who acts similar to ISIS !  It is really interesting that Trump is against ISIS!
Fake, fake news as usual
It was a good move to stop funding and arming them in Syria.
Finally a POTUS hu is going aftr Obama's
 "JV team".
Thank you, Mr. President.
I don't believe that or anything Trump says!
and a car of your supporters just ran over innocent people in #charlottesville ...good job.
This is equivalent to taking over for a football coach when the game is in the 4th quarter and your team is up by three touchdowns.
Kick ass and leave footprints, Mr President 
Trump says Post is FAKE NEWS!!
I thought the Washington Post is fake news! Make up your mind Donnie.
Wait wait wait...I thought you said the WP was #fakenews. Make up your mind!
Our family's young soldier was injured in Afghanistan recently (the NATO convoy). Lots of injuries but he's alive.  Keep hitting hard!
tRump has had nothing to do with it. Russia has been leading the way. tRump only bombs empty bases.
What no more fake news?
Use an EMP over NOKO, knock out electrical grid, go in arrest gov't, destroy military equip., Let S Korea free people & unify Country. MAGA


I believe civilian deaths have accelerated as well. Of course you wouldn't care about that.
WAIT! I thought this was the fake and failing Washington Post?????? Must be this isnt true
This must be that some more "fake news" you say the Washington Post publishes constantly.
What's the metrics for success? Gain ground to what end? What's the cost in lives? When will it be over?
Only pathetic narcissists retweet their own horns! Bumbling fool. Resign!
Fake news, remember
Asking all to pray that no one has to send missiles to N.K.. being a strong nation is awesome, but hope no one has to send.
Too bad it had nothing to do with Trump. More to do with the people standing up.
Great push,great leadership, great generals, great military who know they can fight without restraint and fear of court martial. Do the job.
Thanks Obama
About time too
what happened 2 their defeat in 30 days?! oh, another lie
Finally proud of Our President.

Thank You President Trump.
What are you doing about the known terriost groups that own whole towns.? Go pack those that hate America back where they came
Thanks to Russia
You have to be an idiot to accept that a war going on for years & with a strategy put in place by Obama, Trump suddenly improves in months.
Huh, I guess you're not going to YOU'RE FIRED!! some generals today.
What are the "new policies" anyway?
But, you know the Democrats will claim ISIS was already virtually defeated under Obama.
Well done .
Thanks Mr. President!!
No ... just went to Philippines, try the truth!
Really? Just went to Philippines, try the truth!!
isis is in archer
It's just a shame that the Trump family have traditionally ducked out of the actual fighting.
So has hate crimes
Fake news
Very well done and may God bless our brave President.  President Trump is the bravest POTUS in many decades.  http://www.jamiepalumbo.com 
So has the conflict with North Korea because of your big mouth. You're going to spark WWIII. God help us all.
Keep up your good work, Mr. President!
This is an article written by the Washington Post ... you know, FAKE NEWS.  LOL
QUIT KISSING YOURSELF.  MOST OF THIS WAS DONE BY OUR ALLIES U PUT DOWN!  I really don't like your comb-over. Please get PLUGS.
fake news
We know this isn't true. You always refer to WaPo as #fakenews.
Uh, #45 was going to get rid of them on Day 1. #Unfit
Wow! Your tweets insult the AMERICAN PEOPLE! Stop glorifying this disgusting administration that deceives US
N. KOREA, just what to expect in future.  Deal with them now, not later when they can really harm the homeland.
Wait...Wash Post is fake news, right?
A few minutes ago Joe Arpaio said he would accept presidential pardon from you according to Arizona republic
The most important thing every man should know, is what he would die for.
You claimed you'd have them done in 30 days. FAILED YOU HAVE.
WHA?  The Washington Post is reporting good news on POTUS? Miracle!
This washington post has become more and more corrupt!.
Why did  McMasters fire Rich Higgins & keep Obama hold overs? He is on your side but McMasters I am not sure if.
Congratulations on the increase in violence Two Scoops.
Carry on Mr President. Stay the course. God bless you and god bless America.
He put the "general" in charge, what's trump got to do with it? Take credit when credit is due please.
Keep throwing people under the bus soon there will be no one left but you.
You are president you are responsible for victories and defeats. Get off twitter and learn your job. Stop blaming everyone for your actions.
I'm confused, isn't the @washingtonpost just fake news??  Somebody explain please.
The difference between Obama's love fests with terrorists and real concern in stopping terrorism and putting a dent in it!  #MASA
This must be a  be the idiot site
He's a great leader!
Thought you said WaPo was fake news. And if we're gaining, why did they hook up with the Taliban?
Stomping the world of terrorists,an stomping illegal criminal aliens out of ,how refreshing
So one day everything the Washington Post puts out is #FakeNews but since this is in your favor it's true? #Pathetic #LiarInChief
So has civilian deaths
What about the Muslims in America that want us all dead?
What gains would that be exactly?
Yeah! They have moved to Australia.
Not because of trump. ISIS was already loosing, before trump was president. ISIS will loose, and sadly other terrorist cells will show up.
Uhm, aren't you supposed to yell "FAKE NEWS from the corrupt media"?
Yes, and that's for sure not  success. It means victims and hate again. You are inviting terror to your country. Godness
Yeah you didn't build this either.
I thought you were going to defeat ISIS in 30 days.  We didn't believe you.
We The People are all so proud of you. You are deeply admired and respected by  all   I pray for you to stay focused and strong God B with U
They need defeat ISIS terrorism!
Washington Post article. Fake news!
SMART, LAND FOR SAFE SPACES NOT REDO OF  SAME OLD STATUS QUO.
Now you need to go to the Philippines and shut them down over there. You did know that they were there, Right?
What about your secret 30 day plan you touted throughout 2016?  Sad!  #FailingDonaldTrump
Nope, it's our awesome generals/commanders, soldiers and allies in the field that are winning this war, you have nothing to do with it. GTFO
I thought the Washington post was fake news? So I guess this story is fake.
Finally a leader who will take a stand for Americans. Barack made us look like easy pushovers' whimps.
now you cite to WP? appears fake news is any news that is critical of you, your inane tweets and abysmal handling of ... everything.
You did nothing. US soldiers did! You sold weapons to the Saudis who gave them to Al-Qaeda in Syria! A terror return may happen! Bigly ISIS!
So the @washingtonpost isn't always fake news? I'm so thankful we have you to tell us when they can be trusted
According to Donny, this is FAKE NEWS by the  liberal left media.
You'll do nothing as Bush did! Al-queda plus many more from nearby lands + 1000s from former Soviet Union formed ISIS! A new ISIS will rise!
But WashPo is FAKE remember? Sad!
Bullshit he is a liar and needs to be IMPEACH trump NOW
Fire and Fury ha ha ha ha , Kim responded that hewill do preemptive on Guam ,what your response? Please barks Chihuahua make us laugh clown
Fire and Furry ,you remind me of my Chihuahua when it barks at my pitbull! Ha ha ha ha I am laughing so hard my stomach hurts absolute clown
Fire and fury ,Kim knows you are a Liar and he knows you will not act on your lies
if you start a what you will for sure slow down the Federal investigation against you! But u lie there will be no fire and fury
Fire and fury like the world has never seen ,ha ha ha ,ok Kim just called your bluff ,what are you going to do? Lier!
help the kurds they need it most.
I thought the Washington Post was fake news.
Retweeting the source of Fake News are you? Make up your mind! You can't just cherry pick the WaPo articles you like &  call the rest fake!
He retweets the Washington Post
