@realDonaldTrump I thought the bill was mean?
Hope it is "special" but stand confused why it's been so secretive. How about keeping Obamacare for the lefties that love it.
Nothing "Christian about it @JulesGaye but I guess in your mind you're pleasing your savior for "doing it until the least of these".
Cannot compute your response. Are you trying to say it's non-Christian to keep O-care for those that think it's wonderful?
That may be your weakness."you can't compute"
It can be difficult to make sense of the nonsensical. You've said absolutely nothing useful or intelligent and are an obvious anus. Blocked.
But people are still being killed and Co Pays are ridiculous!
yes, that is why  we won't relent in this race.
That's why we have to vote the Democratic party out of existence.
Mr President, what is your opinion on area 51? No president ever comments on this nor do we ever hear anyone ask so I am.
this gets rid of the obama care junk not the medicaid that is taking care of the elderly correct.  i am a senior citizen with health issues
Mexico pays for wall if we Tax $US wired to Mexico @ 25%.
TRUMP greatest potus ever, demodummies better run,cause you can't hide
#HealthcareBill Whats not to like??
PURE GREED, 45 and GOP are throwing, working poor, disabled, children off health care to give the 1% tax cuts! NO SOUL!
I am very supportive of the Senate #HealthcareBill. Look forward to making it really special! Remember, ObamaCare is dea...
Hey prez. Whats up with irs???what happened?  If i did those thingz its off to jail.  What gives?????
I am a 67 yr. old Marine. I will volunteer to walk the school halls unarmed searching for kids that think no one cares. My mission is to show them, I DO. I'm just one old Marine. Call us up President Trump, together we'll, "FIX IT!" We will answer that call!
TRUMP IS DOING GOOD FOR AMERICA
THE LIBERAL MEDIA LIES ABOUT MR. TRUMP
GET OVER IT LIBERALS. YOU LOST.
LIBERALS. YOU LOST. QUIT WHINING.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain


#Ocare is dead hopefully it's already special coming from congress we gonna still replace most of @uscongress00 that don't have the people's
So is the bill not really special now? What is the bill exactly? Can you note down how many More people will get insurance cheaply?
This part of your promise is TRASH. Doesn't repeal. You're getting screwed by the lefty Repubs.
This man is a sick flip flop
And what, exactly, would make it special for you and, more importantly, for the American people??
The drug addiction programs for people who use Medicaid, needs to be addressed
Have you read it?  Huge breaks to the wealthy, and many retroactive and massive cuts to Medicaid.  What's wrong with you?
thank you for working so hard for all Americans President Trump!!! God bless you!!#MAGA
The great Works of the GOP it's dealtifying cuts to sick elderly poor may it rain  pain and sufferings doubled for you and your family


#trumpcare
#PutYourPhoneDownAnd resign.
There is ZERO evidence. You'll notice Democrats are backing off the Russia nonce. Zero evidence. ZERO. Keep it going, it makes us stronger.
Maybe revisit your assertion after indictments are unsealed & arrests begin. Flynn flipped. Dems not backing off. Watch some CSPAN too. 
Uh huh, if it was true, nothing would be talked about BUT that. Proof you say? 
The left would ALL be SCREAMING!
But they aren't. 
Your Hatred for People is dead
Remember, so is the American Dream.
Liberal policies killed the American dream
You're Regina George in Mean Girls.
You called it very "mean"
He's bipolar and can't decide
Remember the GOP is now a death squad! Blood on your hands!
And so are 24 million Americans if this #HealthcareBill passes.
How about defunding PP?  That is the only thing I haven't heard? #MAGA!
Obama care is not dead. Your presidency will be soon though
It's special alright. Taking away healthcare from millions takes a "special" kind of #evil. #Traitor #Disgrace
You campaigned on NOT cutting Social security,Medicaid, and Medicare. Is this another lie? Preexisting conditions arent covered either.
I might be reading the bill wrong but it states that pre-existing conditions will still be covered,no?
no
Obamacare is law of the land until its repealed
At this point, we know you're a soulless monster that will grin big and wide when people start dying because of this bill. This isn't news.
Special! 

So very special! 

But you're a FREAK.

You're a LOSER. 

What the hell are you doing here?
Your newest bill is beyond disgusting. Shows your true colors. The rich get richer and everyone else, especially the old/poor get screwed.
Adding sugar sprinkles might make it special, but no better than DEAD Obamacare.
Attention, Trump supporter!  Donald Trump does not give a shit about you unless you are rich! You have been duped!
Shame! How dare you do that to your own citizens!
...Sir, you said #RepealAndReplace ...Repeal comes first...then Replace!
This will backfire on you. And the GOP. The ACA can be fixed. You guys are too lazy to bother and instead rob from the poor.
You're a joke
The mean bill?
Fanny phrase
You're such a fraud. You have literally broke 5 campaign promises with this bill alone. You're worthless.
So you support gutting healthcare from the elderly, disabled, and low-income families? O'Care may be dead, but at least it SAVED lives.
Veterans like Mark in West Virginia demand the Senate vote NO on deadly #Trumpcare. #ProtectOurCare #VetsAgainstTrump
1 in 10 veterans depend upon Medicaid, which #Trumpcare would gut. #VetsAgainstTrump See this report from @VoteVets
Millions of veterans are ineligible to receive primary healthcare from the VA. We rely on ACA, private insurance plans and Medicare/Medicaid
Furthermore, millions of military family members would lose their healthcare if #TrumpCare is passed.
Disaster #TrumpCare is a betrayal by @realDonaldTrump. It will kill millions of veterans and our families, friends, and neighbors alike.
fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you
fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you
fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you
also: fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you

lol, you summed up Lil Baby Trump Snowflakes quite nicely.

You Lil Baby Trump Snowflakes are so cute when you're triggered.

Dumb, but cute
POTUS pulls out of Paris Agreement
Dems: PPL  WILL DIE!
GOP new #HealthcareBill 
Dems: PPL WILL DIE! 
Dems: PRO CHOICE- OK 4 BABIES TO DIE!
I think & hope that better use of birth control would help.
I believe so. My tweet on prochoice
You've lost your mind!

I voted for you to MAGA, not to punish hard working Americans by taking away their healthcare.

You're done, Goodbye
Yeah glad you now see he was never going to MAGA. He was just going to make America (the rich) hate those who don’t make 100k each year
That's not what I see at all.

GDP is up.

The corrupt politicians are being exposed/leaving office.

The masses are awakening to the wool that's been pulled over their eyes.

Gen Flynn is cooperating w/Mueller to expose those who engaged in illegal activity during Obamas years
I don't like it Mr. President
Careful who or what you pronounce dead. Karma is bearing down hard on your administration. Karma's name is #Mueller and @AGSchneiderman
Please save Daca. I supported you but can’t if you leave the dreamers behind and keep Stephen Miller who everyone I know finds repellant you will not win again.
, only dying because you are trying to kill it.  People want Obamacare fixed not replaced.  Do what the people want!
Wrong! Be for Obama care, the co pays and out of pocket were $10. Now it's ridiculous! Wake up!
because of your shitty idea, many people will be also.
Yes Master.
I wish I could see you in person one of those days
How will #HealthcareBill impact the elderly? Who advocates for them? I never hear about it.
#SAD that anyone would believe this #deathcare bill is anything but money in the pocket of the wealthy #LiarInChief
they will say the same thing about all the things you signed...

funny how Healthcare Providers find it a joke. At Mayo Clinic and doctors think you're a joke
Are you taking care of all Americans, Don?  Really? You said you would. You also said you'd release your tax returns. Do it
You are a criminal.
Obamacare's NOT dead #LyingSackOf!+12M signed up,31% NEW customers & 81% had premiums reduced-despite your sabotage.

Anything you touch is really *special.
I look 4 ward to new working healthcare bill without seniors paying 3-5 times more then others. Wow. Insulting if true. Q13fox local news
When 10 million folks march on Washington to protest this cruel murderous bill you support, will it even matter to you? Do you even care?
Please take care of every American. Don't forget illegal brought drugs to US. Take care of citizen addicts.
Obamacare remains the law of the land. Stop sabotaging it!
If Obamacare is dead so is your presidency
You are supportive of killing millions of Americans? Glad we got that out in the open.
Just asking if an adult human pretending to be president actually write this tweet.
it's special in how it steals coverage from the weakest americans to pay for your tax breaks.  our lives on your head murderer.
Really BAD IDEA. Stop looking out for your rich friends and help those you promised to help. Create a legacy that has some integrity in it.
We know Obamacare is dead. You murdered it.
Is the Republican party the push granny over the cliff party?
Saying that Obamacare is dead over and over again doesn't make it true.
MR. PRESIDENT. I M LOOKING. FOR. AFFORDABLE. HEALTH INSURANCE PLAN  HEY TELL CONGRESS  THE. PEOPLE DON'T  HIGH PRICED OBAMACARE
You will be responsible for the suffering of millions! Fake President!! Inept and fumbling FOOL!!! #resist #trumpcaredeathcare
You called it "mean", then cried when Obama did too. Now you support it. The trump deathcare bill is just a 1% tax cut. #HellerVoteNo
Are you looking forward to making this "special"?
.@wholeexpanse, who has spinal muscular atrophy and depends on Medicaid for his care, shares his fears about what cuts could mean for him: 
Purpose of this tweet?
@realDonaldTrump if @BarackObama Obamacare is dead... you might have just killed the whole world
You're playin with fire kido
The Republican Health care bill will result in deaths across this country. Rural hospitals will be in a world of hurt #notmypresident
Funding of Planned Parenthood constitutionally never a Federal issue. Defund and return back to the people of the states.
"I will always support the stupidest decision.  That's why I'm a pathetic joke to all other world leaders"
Lol. It's gonna be funny when the next President utters those words after you. Trump leakguard adult diapers health care plan.
U make me sick
It's called the Affordable Care Act and It became unaffordable because of the Insurance Companies. Perhaps you focus on them? #clulessgop
Just for the record Obamacare is not dead or dying. Over 80% of the population wants to keep it!
Yep, it's important to pay the bill or things like that happen.
Really - have you actually seen the detail - I read you were calling it "mean" recently... which is it - support or oppose? You fool
Could do much better. There are so many facets of this that are wrong from beginning to end. Bring light to them all and solve intelligently
Are you bi-polar?  Please get some help, sir.  You swing so far back and forth that you make us dizzy and nauseous just listening to you!
Make it special? Like arranging for a private dinner with it and then demanding its loyalty? Ok, cool.
Support killing Americans MAGA
Obamacare isn't dead, but millions of Americans will be under Trumpcare. All this because you envy the black guy. Thanks, Trump. 
Special how? Special for whom?
Gracious you make it so hard to find any redeeming qualities in you as preso
I am sure you haven't read it. 1 you don't read 2 no one read it until a draft came out on Thursday. No CBO score and you're behind it? SAD
Fake News!
Was dead 8 years ago
Just saying things doesn't make them true. #DonTheCon
Remember, it's going to be called trumpcare when it passes.Hope it's good.Your name will always be attached 2 a lemon of a healthcare plan.
And so will be millions of people who wouldn't vote for people like you and the GOP. Sad.
We need efficiency and competition....  Free market will drive cost down.
At minimum it will cause more uproar.
Trump supporters don't go to school.

Lies lies lies the bill sucks u know it
As will be your Presidency very soon 
Comrade, you loved the house bill too. Until you didn't.  #Bohica bend over here it comes again
#GOP failing at killing #ACA Too bad you and #GOP hate ppl of color. Unaffordable Care Act is what you are preaching #MAFA #GreedKills
ACA isn't dead. That bill will kill millions of Americans.  Because of your petty jealousy of President Obama. You know this. #Murderer
All 3 Gov. powers should have exactly same Health Insurance everybody has.!! The lowest level od insurance they can get.
Why do we have to pay for ours AND theirs?? We get trash and they get the best... and free???? Is that fair?
You DON'T like the House bill - it's "too mean" - but you DO support the Senate bill, which is even worse. You. Have. No. Clue. Sad. Loser.
Idiot
You bozos killed it to give a huge tax break to the filthy rich...
We The People know there is a difference between health care and health INSURANCE! We all have health care! Our choice on health INSURANCE!
Just because you keep saying something doesn't make it true. #cofeve
In other words ur looking forward to MURDERING millions of us....
Get Obozo's Traitor Name off of it
I look forward each day to reading my new tweets. Remember, grammar and spelling are dead.
If you believe in this bill then make it actionable now, not 3 or 4 years from now or are you a coward?
All I want to know is "did you read it". I doubt it.  Some one probably gave you a fake explanation and you said  where do I sign.
Do you support it because it hurts the middle class and lines your wallet with tax breaks? #ObamaCareIsABetterHealthCarePlan
But I thought the Senate Bill was Mean?  Not today, tho?
Oh I am sure you will make it SPECIAL just like you.
Speaking of the #HealthcareBill -- many of us need it as we age. @SenateMajLdr is selling us out. And you are breaking #Medicaid promise.
Oh lorddddd: you can't unsee that pic of Donald lol. 
Hey, at least he's being active there and playing tennis!
Thanks for letting us know for the 1000th time. By the way, who killed it?
Did u even read it?
No, u r.... #justgoaway
That is how a new leader continue so the work which is actually good 
So are millions of Americans if trumpcare passes. So you can add murder to your list of things on your bucket list.
u one crazy guy
You win:  America will always think of you, not Obama,  when they hear the word "mean".
Your new healthcare bill is a disgrace. All of you should be ashamed.
And so will 24 million Americans when they lose their health coverage because of your incompetence!!
I want to know Y insurance lobbyists were involved in creating the health plan @SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan YOUR DONORS @JohnCornyn EXPLAIN
