thank you sir
TRUMP IS STUPID  and needs to be IMPEACHED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off. They said they would take a har...
Donald Trump is busy in selling Arms for own interests which will worse relationship between Countries. Arms race is bad for civilizations.
Saudi Arabia just announced it would be beheading fourteen democracy protesters. http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world-0/us-politics/donald-trump-saudi-arabia-mujtaba-a-al-sweikat-arrest-airport-riyadh-west-michigan-university-a7850226.html?amp …
I hope the Sauddi's will host our airbase, The Sauddi's should clean up their own house 1st
@ABZayed what 
About russia.saudis. funding in 
Terrorist org.

@IIngina
Mr president ,Who are these are 50 countries already paying off whom you are talking on?
Достойный Президент! Давите тех, кто издевается над народами своих стран и ворует, как  это делают  гиены  во всех странах.
H
Fake news!!!
Hi dear sir.please help me I took loan 40us dollars from abudhabi adcb bank for hom now always I have tention  in life.Asif 00971563360766
If given a chance he will help your race more than any president has ever.
You are truly mentally unfit that is an outrageous statement about golf president Trump spends more time working in a week than BO in a year
Yeah, I bet it's paying off--for you and Jared!
Try to remember our allies in Europe. We need them!
"Already paying off..." I BET! How much are you making off of it? Oh right, we're still waiting in those promised tax returns.
What about 460000000000 dollars?!!!
You signed an arms deal with a country that had a hand in 9/11. GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER.
You are a traitor and should be ashamed of yourself. MONEY HUNGRY, AT OUR EXPENSE
So not good, b/c #SaudiArabia spread #Wahhabism #jihad in #mosques for years. Now their ideology in as well as weapons U sold to them,#Trump
Your hands are HUGE ?
You're disgusting!
What are u even saying 

Block me
Oh yes. We can see what you caused in Qatar after visiting Saudi Arabia king. i bet you want to have everything they have
Time to make national Constutional CCW the law of the land Mr. President
Thank you Mr. President and we and the United States of America look forward to further cooperation to eliminate terrorism
Talk is cheap, let's keep them to their commitments
trump yo le digo que despues de su gobierno ivanca sera presidenta por que esta en ella esa luz al igual que usted cuando hera candidato ...
trump usted es el unico gobierno que no se somete a los traidores .aca en chile hay un traidor y ladron que es piñera nadie lo quiere aca .
trump cuidece de los traidores ..y despues de usted ivanca sera presidenta de estados unidos...
So happy your funding the ones who caused 9/11 #GRATEFUL #9/11
All that money coming into Ttump tower already!
Saudis have always been the orginator of all terrorism,  yet they have become the preachers in your era..
9/11? Never forget?? Wtf sir?
Donald, they supplied 9/11 terrorists, didn't they?
we need a knee doctor,,here in Alexandria,Louisiana,it isn't one who takes Medicaid,,for me,I need it bad on both,,
Was there a country in the territory of American hydrocarbons? It's messy.
Ha ha omfg you crying cry babies.Trump will still be our President 
wahabism is not technically correct, but there is a real problem there.
Saudi Arabia is the home of the 9/11 terrorists. Not one church in the whole country.   But you love the killers since they gave you $$$
Regrettably, we see the opposite and the terrorists in a disgusting manner
America must free itself from Saudi Wahhabi extremist ideology until the world is in love and stability
Unfortunately, you are flattering Saudi Arabia and the thought of Wahhabi terrorism and therefore the world will not be safe and stable
Saudi Arabia a nation known to fund terrorist including the 9/11 attackers
Yeah your Buddies that helped w the bombing of 911 and Syria. SHOW YOUR TAXES
Your the greatest. Really you move so fast I can't keep up
Isnt doing much.
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/donald-trump-attended-sinn-f-in-fundraiser-months-before-ira-attacked-london-a6767601.html …  yep hate that terrorist fundraising?
YES, PLEASE PRAISE THE COUNTRY WHO SENT THE MOST TERRORISTS ON 9/11 TO OUR COUNTRY,ISIS COSSACK
How are you the president of the USA and your English is terrible??
Finally,  we see some respect from other leaders. Thank you President Trump!!!
As iraqi we hope you hold Ayatollah Sistani as accountable for the crimes of the 60 militias and their finders.
See the videos of Ali Arkadi
@Five5zero ?????
lol I don't even know I just retweeted
And then turned around and funded an attack in Tehran
Do you like the king because he gives us oil, or do you now tolerate muslims?

Paying off bigly For you & your Roseneft deal, billions 2 Exxon, Tillerson, Russian & Saudis. 2 excise US programs for needy & middle class
En serio?! DONALD DUCK,??? COMO DIOS!
TE AMO JUDAS!
Mook#k
The Saudis are oppressive purveyors of Sharia
Seriously, do you think we don't remember that the vast majority of 911 terrorists were Saudis? We do. King Salman played you like a violin
Why did you lie about the Billions of dollars deal that isn't actually a deal?
No contract.
That a 'deal' to you?
Just 'words' to us......
So if I diss trump like everyone else I am blocked
Please tweet positive not negative like the Democrats.  Your Better then that!!!
Lead our Country
Quit trying. No one believes you anymore. Oh, and by the way, don't let the door hit you in the ass o n the way out.
enjoyed a man that the majority of the people that pulled off 9/11 was from Saudi A.; A business interest, like in Turkey?
Gotta love your friends that were behind 9/11, huh?
Donald we really don't want to hear from you.....speak to your BOTS.
These tweets prove 1) while he was doing sword dance (fool) & orb thing (fool) Saudi's were telling him terrorism is all Qatar's fault ....
2) he agreed US would back them in "taking a hard line" (FOOL) 3) then he goes on Twitter & praises them! He AT LEAST PRECIPITATED this!!!
Kiss ass

So cozy. All those millions to ivanka. Maybe they have a place for you there.
Saudis need to be held account for their extremism also
But they never are. Rebubs or Dems hold their hand. What besides oil is going on?
Meant Repubs not rebubs.
Mr. President, your Saudi friends have "historically been a funder of  terrorism at a very high level" for a very long time. Remember 9/11?
We know they funnel money to extremists. We know they establish schools to spread Wahhabism. Public knowledge.
I was under the impression that USA has about 11 thousand plus military personnel in Qatar?
#conman
If the Saudi Arabia really cared they would stop put money in to starting wars on other Muslims and put money in to making peace with them.
YOUR A JOKE ALL AROUND THIS WORLD....SAD..
This is not one of your business adventures.
Of course Trump, what would be of this world without you! (Note the sarcasm) not half of the world believe this bullshit.
"Hard line"? Does that mean they will stop? Of course not. You are useless.
"The Saudi Arabia"?!?!? Check your grammar! Are you illiterate?!?!?
3 U.S. Soldiers Killed After Afghan Soldier Opens Fire - not one tweet about this. You want arms deal with Saudi so they can kill Americans!
Yes, branding the Iranian people as terrorists. That really is fantastic. Sic.
Non risolveranno niente attaccando #IranParliamentAttack  più sangue nella tua conoscenza assieme ha tuoi alleati di convenienza! !
.
Thank you Mr. PRESIDENT
Saudi finance terrorism and counterterrorism that's business they create disease and cure
Congratulations. You might have actually started a war. I hope you'll be able to sleep with all the blood on your hands 
.@realDonaldTrump Why do we still have a military base in qatar with thousands stationed there? What has US done to put pressure on qatar?
15 of 19 9/11 terrorist were citizens of/funded by the government of Saudi Arabia and Qatar, home to a US Military Base is a Problem???
You said the Saudis were responsible for 9/11 now you sell them weapons and sell out Quatar, where you have 11,000 US troops Oops!
Wait is this one of the country's founding terrorism ???
Yes so glad that u put our airmen in arms way that are stationed in Qatar!!!!  Since it's not ur family u don't care
Yes
"They said"...good luck with that. You sound like a real negotiator.  Have you heard of written, binding agreements...I didn't think so.
so you go there and dance with sword and you knock Iran, do you know where is Iran, Iran is land of the Aryan race
Saudi Arabia is bin laden &laid country
Please get Tillerson off the dam TV he is a fool trying to destroy your work!
KATAR I TERÖR ÖRGÜTLERÜNE DESTEK VERİYOR DİYEN SEN 
PYD DENEN TERÖR ÖRGÜTÜNE DESTEK VEREN SEN
SİZE KİM AMBARGO UYGULAYACAK
SUUDİ YE GİT
KATAR LA İLGİLİ ASILSIZ İFTİRALARDA BULUN
KARDEŞİ KARDEŞE DÜŞMAN ET
SENİN OBAMA DAN NE FARKIN VAR
BELKİDE DAHA ZALİMSİN
GÖRECEZ
Right.. except the saudi gov is extremism .. hmm
You are so crazy
What about Universal affordable healthcare for all my daughter has a preexcisting condition I bet this is not important to you Dem#2020
From my understanding didn't Saudi Arabia fund the terrorist from 911 wow
Correction ... first Diplomatic spat among GCC states predates your Presidency ref. 2014, was resolved without incident, so will this. CLOWN
The greatest whore can not give honor to anyone in America. Terrorist pyd and PKK weapons you support your country is shooting.
Nice weapon deal with a terrorist country like Saudi Arabië. Make America great again
You're such a tool
really where was bin lauden from again?
What about Qatar? You are very confused on this issue.
i hope you can solve their problems
You had nothing to do with this. You created havoc with your stupid inaccurate tweets.
That was an amazing foreign trip you made. I followed your path & just marveled at the BEAUTY of all that you exemplified and accomplished!

RT to show your support for @DonaldJTrumpJr! #MAGA #BigLeagueTruth 
"Paying off", as in, "lining the Trump golden pockets"? I thought Saudi was bad, very bad. What changed?
Qatar who has an American base is the concern? not Saudi where 70% of ISIS are from, AlQaeda leader, & 15 of the 9/11 highjackers were from?
President Trump will prevail. God himself is on his side !!
