The margins are shrinking. You are worried about the 2018 elections.
Nope.  Wrong again. You lie about every little thing. Easily checkable facts. If you think this was close keep watching. Interesting times.
Great win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes, easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems, who spent heavily ...
I pray for you every day my President @realDonaldTrump
Great job Donald !!! Let's get that Wall built . If u don't the Dems will rub your nose in it come the next election
We are behind you. Stay strong President Trump.
Or if it was all lies just to get elected!
Donald Trump I am losing hope in you! You getting nothing done that you promised us. Not sure if the shadow government has control of you.
man you get so much hate on twitter but hey just ignore the haters who will also hate kinda hypocritical
I'm sorry,...#popularvoteloser says what?
Sorry you listened to the fake news polls made by liberal media liars. I left dems DEC2014 as I'm #NeverHillary since 90s #WhyTrumpWon #MAGA
How stupid are you? Dems spent NOTHING on James. He lost by 6 pts in a deep red state on donations alone. Get your facts straight. 
But unlike multiple previous elections, the GOP there didn't win by a mile. Get ready for the #midtermelections
And now for the #BlueWave
Great first Brownback now this thanks Trump. 8====○
Ur Presidency will eventually change American's thinking! Great Job!
It wasn't easily won Nimrod, close contest. Get your FAKE facts corrected.
You are a fool.
It was a fantastic victory!
Can you say one thing that isn't petty, false or both? It's astounding
what are you saying? YOU are a DAMNED DEM yourself !
@VP @SenTedCruz Never predicted victory. But, you Republicans were running scared. How many times will you, pence and Cruz visit districts?
Thanks for this mornings propoganda loser. He barely won a super red district.
Not always a fan of the @GOP but anyone who would vote for a Dem needs their head checked. They are outright #Commies that hate #USA!
Much closer than expected. Why do you feel you have to come here and lie? You have completely destroyed your credibility with all the lies.
TRUMP TRAIN
I'm sure the DEMS will be crying about that for the next two months.
BUNCH OF LOSERS. They just don't get it. AMERICA FIRST.
The dems are to busy trying to figure out how to keep stealing tax payer money to win anything. DRAIN THE SWAMP Mr President
Raytheon can connect everyone, give back the skull.
Geronimo's stolen bones.
You have bad Intel on this. Stop watching Fox. They were trying to close the 30 point gap by which you won in Nov & found the Dem for 2018.
Actually. They didn't predict victory. What they sd. Was the state was a toss up and the republican elderly win but the close race marks a
He did not win easily (single digits)and Reps spent much more money to once again BUY an election and an office. Not to mention lying ads.
Spent heavily? Wasn't Thompson mostly relying on $150k in small donations from dailykos?
Great win ??
So it doesn't concern you that you won that district by 30 points and Estes won by 6?  That seriously tells you nothing.
Good news and thank you for protecting us President Trump !!!!
What do you mean BANNON didn't help you? How dare u? Jared is the one we the people don't know much about.
Once again very unpresidential.
If it was so "easy", why did you personally do a radio ad for Ron Estes as well as plead for people to vote for him over Twitter?
…this is why no one takes you seriously; anyone watching this race knows it was, by no means, an "easy win"
Kansas has voted Republican the last 8 elections. The fact that it was even this close shows Americans' lack of respect/trust in you.
No stupid. Conserv. are busy taking care of Lib. Dems. Unfortunately sometimes we neglect&become complacent w/putting food on YOUR table!
Build the political wall and keep the Dems right where they belong, wandering the political desert with no hope of ever winning again!*
Yes the democrats spent $3 million on that race... oh sorry that was actually hard working Americans on your golf last weekend. My bad!
dems didn't spend shit on this race until late..last dick won by 30, this dick by only 7.. don't ever speak the truth?
EASY D KANSAS!   NICE *JOB*
A little too close for comfort though, eh?
•@AynRandPaulRyan @realDonaldTrump

@SyrianaAnalysis proves how the #MuslimBrotherhood planned to destroy #Syria in advance.
#SyrianCrisis #SyrianArmy 
https://youtu.be/XIEeZ3WOVsI 
#Syriahoax
Come on man.. you can't handle this. You know it, we know it, and the rest of the world knows it. Just resign already.
Hillary should run again in 2020!
頑張って
Congrats, you've accomplished the unthinkable and managed to lie 3 times in less than 140 characters! A truly impressive feat!
It is truly amazing!  Three lies in one small tweet and that's before breakfast!
Great win??  He barely won, just like you....
Honey, I'm sorry to still have to tell you this but if you want to bring the country together don't blast everyone with partisan gloating.
He doesn't need to bring everyone together sunshine. He has his support
The #BlueWaveRises in 2018
Estes barely eked out a win, dummy.
Calling him a ‘dummy’ is insulting to intellectually disabled people…

@azalben @realDonaldTrump
Trump's tweets:
10% spelling errors
10% vague questions to CNN
80% talking about winning / losing / competitions
Spelling errors are more likely around 60%.
I'm not president.
President or not he's human and as humans we all make spelling errors
tTrump supporter dont you mean Trump?  Lol just saying
Actually they spent nothing and the swing towards the democrats was really substantial. Here's how the vote has changed:
That's a 24 points swing towards the Democrats in a place which had (I believe) a 27% Republican lead previously.
There's more about what actually happened here:
Another article that explains the size of the swing:
A good point, but it's a predictable swing considering some of the risky steps Trump has made recently. Only temporary. He plays long ball.
24 pts is like a sac bunt. Minor set back to adv the runners. It's smart baseball. The score at the end of the 9th: Trump WINS AGAIN!
I mean, he's been in power nearly a hundred days, has accomplished nothing and there's been a 24% swing that nearly cost him a stronghold
I can't see how that's anything other than a serious problem.
What did u smoke? Are you insane?
it was the closest race in the state for that seat in 23 years. 8pts. Try again.  WHY TWEET EASILY PROVABLE FALSEHOODS, Mr President?
A win is a win is a win #MAGA
Then why does your @Potus feel the need to lie? The @GOP can't be feeling good about next year's midterms.
These people don't even care that he's blatantly lying. They're like dumb horses: "the carrot! MAGA" wow!
The same people that fell for Hope an Change .. He won... not a lie. #AlternativeFacts
not "easily", the Dems did not spend heavily and they did not predict victory. Why the lies?
They're just immune to facts. It's disturbing. And disgusting.
4 yrs of it .. get use to it. Next time have a better candidate .. until then watch America be great again.
You have a bizarre definition of "easily."
53% to 46% is that "bizarre"?
Yes, considering 45 won the district by nearly 30 points and Dems put in little effort.
YES! Everybody knows Kansas has been a BLUE STATE for a MILLION YEARS! Well okay, not a million, after all the Earth is only 6000 YEARS OLD!
The Democrats were SO SURE they were going to KEEP their blue state, but then our PRESIDENTIAL TWEET came along and edged out a VICTORY!
Many have called it an UNBELIEVABLE VICTORY for us in Kansas, this state full of COASTAL ELITES and BAGELS and frankly, a lot of GAY PEOPLE!
But there is a MOVEMENT and it is called the TRUMP TRAIN, and everyone wants to be on it! EVEN KANSAS! They are changing their liberal ways!
Ah, ours is the Presidency that has achieved THE MOST during the first 100 days. NOBODY has achieved more in that time. WE SAID THIS ON TV.
While destruction of the wild life and the environment runs rampant.  You people are sick.
Under Obama enough oil pipelines were constructed to circle the earth. More than any other President
I think you should use your Google & see how much damage, how many leaks. Research before you open your mouth and make a fool of yourself.
Felicito al presidente de Estados Unidos quiero recibir las informaciones en español si se puede
Trump keeps on winning!!!
He didn't  easily.  It wasn't  a run away. He just sqeeked by.
The Republican Party spent millions. The Democratic Party spent nothing. The Republican squeaked by in a deep red state. Your scared!!
Easily? 7-point margin in a 30-point region?
I thought you said you're a president for all people? You just can't help rooting for a side?
Ron Estes GOP
63,505  52.5%
James Thompson DEM
55,310  45.7
He only won by 8,000 votes. CLEARLY not an "easy" win in a RED state #Resist
he barely won, the dems spent nothing and did not predict victory. You are such a liar. So sick of your lies.
you twit fake news, trump
Again stupid liberal dems lost. Nananana nananana hey hey hey goodbye!!
Lies sweet man - narrow win with little funding. Beware!
Republicans had to spend millions in red state.  You sent Pence to save Estes.  Keep whistling past the graveyard.
Do you not realize that democrats are citizens too? Absolutely shameful that the president talks so badly about the citizens of the country
Liar liar on . #Trumprussia #TrumpShouldResign #PresidentBannon
1) Attack ads funded by NRCC tapped into GOP’s anti-abortion base by claiming Dem Thompson supports taxpayer-funded sex selective abortions!
2) Now NRCC is doing untruthful attack ads against Dem Ossoff in GA. Hope people catch on that GOP will LIE in order to win. Fact-check ppl!
3) I don't mind critical ads if they're TRUE, but what the NRCC is doing should be criminal. It's pretty obvious NRCC is devoid of ethics.
Please get help. Watching your untreated mental illness worsen is not funny.
Can't you ever tell the truth !! You're such a notorious liar .... my ears are tired !!
thank you for working  on social security. Weve been robbed. Higher amount of food stamps would be good. Ppl starving.
The Dems spent a fraction of what the GOP spent, unfortunately.  Change is coming!
He won. But not easily. The real teaching moment is the DNC not backing the Dem opponent until the last minute & Estes still almost lost.
The Dems are not producing, just trying to block you and protect their incomes.... paid for by tax payers. They're fired
Wow, you really are that dellusional.
Another defeat for liberals. Jesus is Republican. Read the Bible and see for yourself
Winning by 7 points in a district you carried by 20 is "easily winning"?  But, your minions will believe anything you say.
Fact check. No great win with you as president. Now that you're learning how to be a president. U suck
DRAING THE SWAMP REALLY GARY COHEN BANKER GOLDMAN SACKS OMG REALLY DO U REALLY THINK PEOPLE R CUM???

Mr. President, please keep Steve Bannon. He's been with you all the way and is a very smart man. Praying for you, him and your admin. #MAGA
Alternate facts I guess.  #Sad
Close results of Tuesday's special election for a House seat in RED KANSAS is warning sign to you and entire GOP  Naptime!

More lies keep it coming. History is going to love you as an example  of what happens when a jerk becomes Potus

Talk About Killing Two Birds With One Stone.... http://fb.me/2dRDGlxRA 
Bedtime!
Wrong! He did not easily win.
Another one bites the dust!
Actually DNC didn't spend $ and GOPout numbered DEMS 2 to 1 Estes won 52% v 47% V 2%  Not easy  Watchout
You are delusional. He won by 7 points in a district you won by 25. Hardly a mandate. America is waking up. #JailToTheChief #OnYourWayOut
Kansas?  what is in Kansas
Dems dumb people. Angry criminals like hobgoblins.
WHY do you @realDonaldTrump LIE about EVERYTHING?! Have you no shame? #RhetoricalQuestion
Warning to your party. Georgia is next and we wont lose there.
Barely won!  The handwriting in on the wall!
Estes also spent heavily and predicted victory
Have you not figured out the world reads your tweets?
Great ... I mean really great. I mean we showed them. In a truly Red state we blasted them with a 7% margin... Just amazing ...
As usual u lie. The only truth is that Estes won, the rest of ur tweet is a flat out lie. U know it & so do we. #Trumprussia #russiagate
The first amendment allows you to lie to millions of people.
Much closer races are coming, so don't count your chickens.
Fantastic News Trump On 
More people voted for Ron Estes than went to the inauguration.
As our friend Joe Wilson so famously once uttered #YouLie
宜しくお願いします
Don't pretend you're a republican.
Be careful having STEP-family in business! ESP in government!
They DON'T have the same adjenda as you OR the American people!!
Seriously Don. There is no shame in being having a mental health evaluation. I'm embarrassed 4 U. Most of us know you're not well. It shows
All the Democratic Party is going down one by one the have been shutting us the people out and they don't support our president trump said
You are lying again Dems spent nothing unlike Republicans
Boy you really see the world differently than everyone else.
Please sir as our President you have a responsibility to the American to speak the truth. I know that is a new concept for you but try it
You don't know the difference between lying and telling the truth at this point none of this is true
I'd like a fact done on this comment.
Did you even check into the end totals king con,before opening your lying,traitorous tweets!
Easily? Bawwhhwwwwwaaaa!
DRAIN THE SWAMP OF KEY PLAYERS(TK,HRC,AW,JM,SC,NP,AND MORE) WIN YOUR PEOPLE BACK!!
Barely won, despite highly conservative state AND that "bigly" bunch of nasty politics and money your boys threw in at the end.
can I just say you have such a positive  outlook on things. How do you do it? Secret? Share with us?
Ever heard of sore winner?  Look in the mirror.
Easy win in a district GOP wins in double digits? He won in single digit. The democrats are coming.
Amazing to see the graphs on how much the spread was on that win...dropped 27 points.  In a very red state.
Gerrymandering will do that.
THE TRUMP EFFECT


I think you should look up the definition of...easily!
Focus on terrorism U say? Does that mean NATO will be looking to extract UR ass? #DumpTrump
Republicans have been running Kansas for awhile and the state is broke and the schools are under funded.
30 point swing for a Democrat in just 4 months. You will all loose in 2018 and 2020. We will protect our country from you hateful policy!
A scant 7 point difference does Not equal "easily won".  That qualifies as "by the skin of his teeth".
Please join us in reality- you're, unfortunately, supposed to be a major player in it.
Estes didn't have such a totally flawed candidate

Fake news Comrade actually much closer than any Republican thought. But if you say it well it must be true Comrade Drumpf
Stop tweeting and get busy!!!
You are gonna damage the GOP so badly that they may not survive. Complete unqualified fool that you are!
Member when 3M MORE people voted 4 'Crooked Hillary' than they did you, you lost half your admin to scandal and ur healthcare flagship sunk?
Spent heavily?  The party barely have the guy any support and he lost by single digits.  Trouble.
It was a close race. Estes barely made it, worries GOP.
Won by single digits in a district you won by 20+. And the Dems didn't spend money there. If every race behaved like that, Dems win Congress
Dems never win this state --tool
Literally nothing about this tweet is true, other than the fact that Ron Estes won. Seriously, stop lying.
Easily? Exaggerating (Bigly) it was a close race that he barely won.
Stay the message sir
"easily wins"... more Lies. Just stop.
Only true statement- Estes won-not easily, Dems spent little nor did they predict Thompson would win. Get a fact checker. Or stop lying.
THAT seems to be how they roll these days! 
Good thing with all the rumors and democrats filling the WH.  You're killing your chance for a 2nd term.
Please all they have in Kansas is cows and hay.  No intelligence, but they will see thru u soon
Why must you be so "us against them"? Stop being political and just be President.
Thanks to you Mr. President The Dems are soooo done.. its going be a great 8 yrs w/ you leading .
WTF is 99 yr old Ruth Ginsburg doing! This old bat needs to be in the ground or a rockin chair in the Tenn hills somewhere!!
Lol the Dems came EXTREMELY close to pulling out a win in one of the reddest areas of the country. Be afraid. Be very very afraid.
You should be shaking that a strong repuke area sweated by and others are expected to go down
That was a CLOSE race thanks to you Don. People aren't putting up with this much longer!  Get real!
It was too close. Your liberal son in law not what we voted for
HE WON BY ONLY 6POINTS IN HEAVY RED DISTRICT GOP IN TROUBLE YAHOO! !!!
