bigot
a racist hypocrite just like you
all of your nomination choices are scary as hell. Your pockets must be nice and thxck now.
Ha. Life comes at you fast.
Racist, the both of you!
two POS!
nice ears dude
Exactly what we don't need! Quit or be impeached. #nastywoman #baddude
time to start up the lynching and cross burning? Or do u have plans for more covert acts of racism  #maga
wrong ur going down the wrong road u fool
Congratulations Jeff! Uphold the law, but have compassion. I know you will make us proud!
how do I stop this junk from getting to my Twitter account.
the Democrats were so unfair and hateful I couldn't watch but am so glad it's finally over! Congrats!
filling the swamp
Blah Blah Blah
Hillbillies
Heil Trump.
you both make me sick

To kill - a crime, Jesus not permit this. To order to kill-crime, if Murders in power ? ordered to kill?
Barf.
Congratulations so-called attorney general!
Hope you lock up that Clinton woman. Keep an eye on the Barack Obama too.
@lesparisi @SenatorSessions  Thank you Mr President, God bless you and your administration
THE only President since Reagan I have loved so proud of him and  his admin
thank for american voter
THE BIBLE SAID ADAM AND EVE SO I DID BOTH 
WONDERFUL NEWS!!! Praise God
Hope he's not as racist as he used to be. Fingers crossed!
Can he help you with you tax return/Putin problem, Little Donnie?
Sessions may have jailed your daughter for marrying a Jew.
Now please charge the Hildabeast!! The smartazz 3-0 Hillary. Won't  until she and others are in prison!
Let the People, even the liberal idiots, see the DIFFERENCE between legal & corrupt!!!!
Change the name from muslin ban to terror ban.
Is he going to squash investigations into your Russian Connections? Or your blatant enrichment ploys?
Congrats may God guide you lead you
3-0 do better guys #thankyousally
may your life be as miserable as you intend to make black folks. May the ghost of MLK be with you daily
There You Go! Another Win!! ''It's Been A Wonderfull Day''.Congrats, Sir!!!
great choice
Boy are we in trouble with the likes of Pence & Sessions one is worst then the other.
Thanks for a Real Attorney instead of corrupt Lorretta  Lying Lynch
Sessions wears the pristine white gloves of the slave owner! A vicious man w/ manors. #ResistTrump
Congratulations to the Senator.

ANOTHER RACIST!!! PRAYERS FOR OUR ONCE GREAT AMERICA
Make America Racist Again?  Ew....
His first job should be to throw your ass in jail.
Make America White Again!  Seig Heil!
Congratulations new Attorey General Sessions!
Luhuns had been founded by Scottish Engineer Charles Gaskoin (Karl Gaskoin), & his supporters from UK land
YAY! A chickenshit racist in office.  Go us!
Another RACIST in the white house, does that not bother you??
@TeamTrump @SenatorSessions I sure hope we can work with @JudicialWatch they r uncover'g problems with immigration, Clinton
Mr President thanks for what you've done already, but We want Justice! obama hilary soros comey and many more in prison!
yes impeach the whole administration. They are all epic failures. And a bigly embarrassment to the USA
RACIST.
To the peanut gallery . WE WON. YOUR NASTY COMMENTS MEAN NOTHING.

both of you are racist! We will be watching every step you take!
hooray!
his approval has set Civil Rights in this country back 50 years. So sad.
yayyyyy! Now keep these crazies out of our country!  #banthemall
he looks like an old baby.  You have done a terrible job on your cabinet.  God Help Us
Congratulations on appointing a racist enemy of civil rights!  Read Coretta Scott King's letter from 1986.
will this be a conflict of interest with the toy quota he has to meet at the North Pole?
let me volunteer to help him raid Chicago's  Political mobsters . Emanuel -Madigan-Preckwinkle.
Obama and Congress USA step back from American Laws to protect rights of vote and freedom of speeches
Congratulations Donny! Another crony in your pocket! Be proud. #SAD
Congrats on finding an astounding example of racism. #Sessions good luck on being crazy man's lap dog!!

God's Blessings on your life. Thank you for standing with our President.
Yes, here comes Law & Order again Finally!!!!
Boys will be boys!
Let the new AG investigate the dirty, corrupt libs Mr President!
AGBigot
congrats!! Now how long till we get slavey back?
he looks kind of like a leprechaun. You know, the thing that grants your wishes in a twisted, terrible way
A man of faith, honesty and character. You make Alabama proud!
At least Alabama didn't vote Roy Moore into office, it was still awful close seeing as he is a racist little pedophile.  Theres hope for South yet.

evil racist just like you
Congratulations AG Sessions. America is waiting breathlessly for you to balance the scales of justice
Americans deserve a transparent, independent investigation into Russia’s involvement with the Trump camp!
Obama created Laws of rules to order to bomb civilians IN OWN COUNTRY from Ukraine - The Next may be USA.
How horridly depressing u & ur entire cabinet are
Great job Mr. President
oh yes! We moving in the right direction. Thank you Lord for blessing us once again.
Very Happy!!  Mr Sessions it's Time to Clean House and Help with "Draining The Swamp!!"
A sad day for Americans everywhere.
He has been shamed and will walk in shame forever.
Congratulations
it's Howdy Doody time
Excellent choice. Happy he's in. You have far more supporters than media would have public believe.
Be careful that Sessions does not end up prosecuting you, Flynn, and your other cronies. History!
- Tragic day in American history, to have such a blatant racist in such a position of power. Sad!
Yeah we see that,is he the one on your left or right ? #NotMyPresident #racistwhitehouse
Congratulations!  The democrats need to grow up.  You are a phenomenal person!
Congratulations on your new appointment as Attorney General @SenatorSessions!!  You deserve it!
MAKES ME SICK! A racist who dislikes disabled children. WTG NUTCASE!
If to support this genocide of women and kids of white race in Europe-some may come in USA land the next.
Racist pig! Racism does NOT make America Great. Obama made America GREAT!
congratulations to you both on becoming such successful domestic terrorists.
Mr. Sessions help our great border patrol, send them back and set penalties. Caught again 5 yrs.
Terrible!
another bigot jumps in the swamp.
gross
Congratulations.  
@DiamondandSilk @SenatorSessions  Steven Trobiani, M.D., “Sustainable Healthcare Reform” the replacement for Obamacare.
I object to this confirmation. Sessions does not represent the values of this country.
@BADPEOPLEMOVIE
One more reason your own session will be ending!
proof positive that money and blowing DJT will get you a job
https://twitter.com/FrancisJeffrey7/status/830230840546201601 …
cc: @phatpuppyart
I sure hope Jeff is a sweet as he looks.
Best Regards..Hey Jeff ! <3 <3

cc: @AltAnalyst @WLTaskForce @WLArtForce @Snowden …
i slept better last night knowing AG Sessions was on the job 🖒
While driving around mid-town and downtown Mobile, AL -- i pass congratulatory signs 4 you AG
@POTUS @SenatorSessions excellent choice praying for you all
Bush said he Christian, Bush had not open Bible to read Jesus words in a hard time-s, Bush open Queran era
yeah, just what this country needed, a racist gasbag with a hardon for suppressing voters. #YOUSUCK
you mean old attorney general during the good old racist days...now y'all want to bring it backwards
. Try and be fair and just
horrible choice, he will destroy you.
Just love Jeff Sessions!  Great pic as usual.
Plenty women disliked women as they need to fight for their place near a real man, so they like as in USA
Great choice
welcome we wish you all the best
Disgrace disgrace disgrace 
To our new "so called" attorney general- stop your racism
@swader747 Please, pizza gate needs attention in DC.
douchebag
this cupcake needs a bong! #Sad
so ashamed!
so happy for all of us.
excuse while I throw up!
if Klansmen had a picture in the dictionary, it would be of Jeff sessions
sad day for america.
Heil and Achtung!
He will do a great job.
Alt-Right smurf
They killed as they others from Russians, just used Russian language, people not slaves-Slavs as Russians.
Is the KKK or the lowercase kkk throwing his victory party? I'm guessing the dress code is white.
why?
We saw Obama visits just in Africa to a land his African father, whom left 2 pregnant women with kids,
R.I.P. USA. It's a sad day for US with another idiot speaks for all Americans, really represents sm pop.
good choice.
horrible choice!
CONGRATULATIONS. NOW GET PRESIDENT TRUMP HIS RIGHTS TO BE PRESIDENT BACK. GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY.
you
100℅ Puerto Rican for Presidente Trump!
another racist making America NOT great
good luck
