Still waiting for that $100 an hour coal job.

memes to make you laugh 
Do you need an loan to start up business,or  need a loan
for refinance? contact!
us now for your loan @ donaldayo.loan@gmail.com
The L K Organization is an amazing funding company specialized in alternative financing for businesses. 48 hrs done!
http://lkorganization.com 
Stock Market at new all-time high! Working on new trade deals that will be great for U.S. and its workers!...
Say that again ;-)

Stocks end sharply lower, extending a weeklong slide, as the Dow Jones industrial average drops more than 600 points. http://apne.ws/Wa9J0gU 
#DonTheCon when the stock market hits 52,000 it will match the rise that occurred from 2009-2016 under @POTUS44.  But hang in their buddy only 26,000 more points to go.  Ask any economist RED or BLUE  IT WONT HAPPEN PUNK BULLY BITCH.

You know what would be good for the Anerican worker? Your impeachment!!! Don't whine.... RESIGN!! Also trying paying the people you owe.
Blah. Blah. Blah. The same old story you have been telling for months. Stop running your mouth and get something done besides playing golf!
Uh oh. Someone else close to you was in collusion meeting! Maybe your friend Jim from Paris.
Sorry ladies but i must say it, Obama throws like a girl, i know lots of you are good athletes, man's  a woose! Michelle runs that family
No disagreement here sis...
Hi girlie girl, Saturday night, moving on in the morning Aloha!
Aloha!
Thanks to Obama! When you actually do something then maybe we'll notice.

We simply ignore them, bless their hearts
And your approval rating at a 70yr low guns sales at another all time low because the NRA can't lie & say Dems are gonna take there precious
RT if you miss Obama
You guys are idiots if you think those numbers are correct. Insurance has gone downhill in the last 10 years, Trump is trying to make this country a little better than it was when he took over. Not saying he is perfect but who among us is. Pull together for USA
...WRONG!
Fake news, smell your shoes, 2020 gonna lose.
Why is there no media coverage of historic stock market rise? #FakeNews wont give @realDonaldTrump credit for anything
He doesn't deserve credit.  When it goes down are you going to blame Obama?
Of course not President Obama has left office he has no power to control anything anymore.

That unclear picture is not me. It’s been years since I’ve worn a necktie. And my photographs are more clear. Sorry my politics.
Your approval ratings are at an all time low!
While the economy confidence at all time high, illegal immigration 17 yr low, unemployment at 17 year low, stock market all time high? Nope.
Unemployment and immigration can be credited to Obama considering they were at an all time low on a downward trend when Trump took over.
You couldn't be any more incorrect. Why have those hit records RIGHT after Trump won? Obama had eight years to hit records, and didn't. Liar
Obama created the trends that lead to those records, having inherited a mess from Bush.
100% false. Trump cracked down on illegal immigration, and hopes for lower taxes and lower regulations. It's common sense that that happened
Obama's budget and immigration policy is the reason Trump has these trends. Trump hasn't effected an immigration policy or budget.
He still too busy taking care of the lack of immigration policy that Obama implemented
Your son met with Russian spies.
I would too if I thought it would help beat crooked Hillary get out from under your rock pal
You can have the cell next to him then.
Right logic: swap 1 perceived dem crook w/ a repub crook. Newsfalsh: If you stop Trump, HRC doesn't get in. Real opp for a Republican hero.
No ones hoping she'll get in. How about a President that's actually held accountable for his actions??!!
No, but DT supporters screaming the bad press is all rooted in HRC losing, to deflect and distract base's attention from their wrong doing.
Lol!!  But her emails!!!  Oh the irony.  So it's proof enough to hate HRC but excusable for Trump? Pot meet kettle
they're supporting the treasonous act because they hate Hillary so much.
The market is great thanks to the Obama admin policies. You haven't passed a single piece of substantial legislation to take credit for it.
Obama saved this country from a huge financial crisis caused by the same Goldman Sachs bankers that are now in Trump's cabinet.
Now those same bankers are scrapping the rules that caused all the problems in the first place.
Thank you Eugene.  How easily people forget.  Obama was building a solid economy.  Now GS execs are tipping the scale AGAIN!
We'll have to wait for the next Democratic administration to clean up this mess.
Im afraid of what we will be left with. Will it even be fixable? Trumps deregulations are disguised as nationalism just to rob us again.
yes trump cause he is the president who added the most debt more than every other president
combined... oh wait that was your beloved Obama
Thank you President Obama!
Your the worst president ever
Thank you President Obama for making this happen
Doesn't matter what you tweet or say, Americans don't believe a word of it Trump. You're a traitor and will be punished.
just checking Mr #fakepresident but where exactly do you make those fantastic ties? #udontgiveashitbehonest
Deficit 24 Trillion.....zero wage rises.....drug deaths all time high......road deaths sky rocketing........no wall.....ISIS still operating
Great? Rich getting richer. How does the stock market help me and my family? You know, "the forgotten man" sitting in HUD housing in poverty

Great job president trump!
Like your responsible.
ITS NOT AMERICA FIRST ITS RUSSIA FIRST BECOZ THEYRE BLACKMAILING U!!&WHO PAYS THE PRICE OF THAT?? WE DO!! SIGN THE SANCTIONS BILL SHOW PUTIN
Klaus b
The stock market has been hitting all time highs since Obama was elected...and continues, despite you#illegitimate president
But consumer spending stunk
Not if the deals mean more overseas workers get jobs for your not made in America products
Thank you @UniteAlbertans ...I think it is extremely hypocritical of @realDonaldTrump to not practice what he preaches
Be careful @realDonaldTrump you are tagging yourself to the stock market which is completely over valued and has been the work of the FED
It would be the democrats dream to crash this economy under your watch and blame you and capitalism.
If it's a Hoax, why did YOU asked Putin about it?
Thank God Obama got all this going. Now you will ruin it all in short order.
How can you work on anything? You're never in the WH, putz
You've golfed more in 6 months than Obama did in years
Keep making #usa great again and move forward --->>>
Thank you, finally something important for the 99 percent

You're golfing not working.. and you're still on Obamas economy you can't take credit for it yet..
Great effort for GREAT AMERICA!
YOUR Climate Accord Pull-Out - Trade Deals & Eco Policies ALL gonna be a Disaster for this Nation - World Leaders NO MORE!
สวัสดีครับ
Ruining trade deals you mean Kommrad trump
Thanks Obama!!!
Save Hobby Lobby
Stand up to Canada about the court judgement be OUR Countries Pres!!!
Suggest POTUS build his intl message around USA's two magnificent blends - idealism with pragmatism & gentleness with strength.
No change in participation rate. Repeal no replace. Tax cuts for everyone. Defund DC call out congress as they add spending to budget.
I'm sure you mr.president made millions while the common American loses on a daily basis! Thanks mr. President.
Thank you Sir! You are finally someone who follows through on his promises. You are truly for America! #MAGA
Keep up the good work over there Mr. President! We'll handle the crazies over here!
And where are comming the products of your daughter ? Surely not made in America !

#ClintonCash

thank you President Obama
Russia, Lies, collusion!
Thank u MR President! We appreciate your administration!!!!
Do we have a President in America?  I am not feeling it at all , maybe it's time to check Putin country out !
nic parsedsnt of u s a
666 Loves to the post. Hmmmmm
How will that help the average american?
No doubt! New focus in this country. Finally!
More empty words.
Great job
It shows how the economy can improve in spite of you and your family.
You have nothing to do with the stock market.
Yada, yada, yada! You know what would be really great? If you resigned & saved us the effort to impeach.
Bullshit...you're not working on SQUAT. You haven't in 6 months, why start now? 
That's great work. Greatest legacy in American's history @POTUS @FLOTUS @SenateGOP
Thank you President Trump
And what country hacked the stock market to post a new high today? Don't try to play hide the ball w/us, it won't work!
Thanks, Obama!!
so far only for #lawyers...and are they even americans? #doubtful

#RussianStooge #puppet
President Trump keep up the good job. Continue to ignore the green eyed monster know as jealousy.
How about that #AwanBrothers  spy ring in Congress!
Thank You President Trump
Mr Trump:   you are policy very very nice
@RodStryker and GDP will be 3.7%
just shut up
You should work for the stock market..Show your tax returns first!!!!
Whatever...you are still ruining the country
You didn't beat
 Hillary alone you had the Russians running interference and she beat you by 4 million popular votes !
DT...do you feel upset in any way that Americans now & will in History see you as the worst President America ever had? A normal man would!
Chicken hawk say what?
More than jobs you are bringing embarrassment to this country.,,,, good job @ sucking(Vlady agreed)
Really? like giving away 15k jobs to immigrants? https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2017/07/17/trump-officials-order-15000-new-visas-for-low-wage-workers/?tid=sm_tw&utm_term=.c702e92811d5 …  #ClownInChief
Thank God for you darling you're the only one that's worried about the workingman
And thank God for putting the working woman back to work to Donald I want to be politically correct
don't think I will get tired of WINNING after so many yrs of losing! Ty PRESIDENT TRUMP for unleashing America's potential #onlythebeginning
Please stop
Stock market haven't crashed since the 1930s get real. Fix the real problems in  USA. instead of being happy about your investments going up
Fantastic Fabulous Funds
#MoreWinning
Thanks #Obama for restoring the Stock Market from the # Republicans created recession...
I think this may get him re elected. Nobody buys that Russia nonsense.
Tax reform ???????
Liar
Thank you Obama
You've passed no econmic policy so that is not the doing of the fakepresident. Thank the real president Obama for that
You are the man
AMAZING JOB ..!!!!!...THANK YOU FOR ALL YOU DO 
Give your job to Jamie Dimon
If you were doing good the S&P would be out preforming the dow and the nasdaq
YES! THANK you OBAMA for the economy AND YOU for cheer-leading (psyching up the market) & NOT MESSING UP the economy! Great TEAM!
Can we trade you for a decent leader?
Good boy. I'm going to hang your tweet on the refrigerator.
Thanks Obama!
#truestory
If only daddy wasn't riding 44s coat tails. The question is which will go down first - daddy's economy? Or big brother?
Thank you Mr. president
What a great job you doing president Trump. I will vote for you again.
Thank you President Trump with everything against you you are still making American Great by the grace of God we will accomplish it
U are delusional

Maybe go to a Gold Backed Currency and see what happens really to the dollar. Not this fake market that can crumble anytime
The market is not going to tumble. Stop talking it down & talk it up!
Brother I have more in the market that Trump. What I said makes total sense. Let's see if Mr President agrees with me. Gold Back is the way
There isn’t enough gold in the world to back the economy. Returning to a gold standard is logically impossible without a massive collapse.
I found a list of pros & cons of gold standard vs. fiat currency. I find the con arguments much more convincing. http://gold-standard.procon.org/ 
Thanks Obama! Trump you have not signed or done anything to spur the economy. This is Obama carryover!

#ThanksObama
Yes, I'm finally not losing money! Keep Muslim immigrants out until they are vetted, build the wall! Go Trump!
Thank you 
How bout you and your daughter start making your products in the USA.
Thank you.  You are the best. Praying for you m family everyday. MAGA.
Block me, orange papa
And you had nothing to do with it
#EvilEvilMan
You DO realize that it nearly TRIPLED under the Obama years, right?
There's a word that's applicable here: MOMENTUM.
Market high only 'cause of all the hard work President Obama did to save our economy and our country. You're a fool to believe otherwise.
But you guys already know when the market begins to fall guess who @realDonaldTrump will blame for it... waite for it.......

@BarackObama
Thank you
@VoteTrumpPics
President Donald Trump doesn't refer to his testicals as his Privates instead he calls them his Staff Sargeants.
ABC seems to be siding with our President. Congressman Schiff was asked if they are on a fishing expedition in regards to Russian ties.
ITS NOT AMERICA FIRST ITS RUSSIA FIRST BECOZ THEYRE BLACKMAILING   U!!&WHO PAYS THE PRICE OF THAT?? WE DO!! SIGN THE SANCTIONS BILL!!

Thanks for all you do, Mr. President!
Why aren't the Items you have in your hotels, clothes you wear, Ivankas clothing made in AMERICA! You are a Hypocrite! 2 items made in US!
Winning
Please I want to acquire nationality American please
Don, what goes up... please be sure to take full credit when... it goes down: when YOUR policies (whatever they R) kick in! @NBCNews @CNN
Yeah? Too bad you can't take all the credit. Investors might be preparing for market drop after your impeachment.
PGA golfer Brittany lincicome ran her mouth so well bashing @POTUS Trump ... too bad she couldn't golf . brittany missed the 36 hole cut.
MAKING MONEY FOR THE RICH.. FOR THE PEOPLE  YOU STEAL IT ALL. THE WORLD SEES....THEY ALL KNOW YOU.
Keep on making America great again 
  We are behind you and to not listen to take news
You haven't done anything loser....
Hey Mr President I am a startup company and I will be putting a lot of people to work
By its workers you mean the billionares and by great for usa you mean a select group of people
in the coming weeks?
Resign please
#POTUS#MAGA#FLOTUS we love you in NORTH CAROLINA!!
I'm impressed
President Trump get rid of all of those Obama holdovers in you're administration, and all of these leaks will stop. Tighten Jeff session up
Obama tripled the volume of the market while in office. You're just riding on his coat tails
Like building a wall or something??
God bless you President Trump
Keep to your campaign and let's get this great united states back on its feet and become the world leader
We credit Obama for turning the terrible economy around.  You should be thanking him, not gloating about your  fake success.
Thief,liar,adulterer, criminal, draft dodger,sexual predator, absolutely anything but the rightful POTUS of this great Nation.SAD!Gone soon!
Most Americans can't afford to buy stocks
