Our Great country is now divided because of it's not so great leader.

You are embarrassing America!!!
Please. This shit was happening way before he was in office.
This shit, as you so intelligently put it, is now more rampant than ever thanks to people like your President.
how does it feel suppirting ppl that trash your daughter and grankids?  So desperate for supporters, what do you care?
Agreed. Great point!!!
Delusional Donnie
#TrumpResign
trending tonight ya big buffoon,
ya wanna us to heal, resign & take yr whole mob gang witya,
We'll heal!
SAD!
Delusional Donnie ya wanna us to heel, heil or hell #TrumpResign before the truth squad sends yr whole team to a fed prison w/no golf course
Delusional Donnie U couldn't heal divides U created or make us stronger, U couldnt lead this nation out of sand trap w/yr diminished state!
August 19th, 2017: Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heel, & we will heel, & be stronger than ever before!
#NFL @NFL #TakeAKnee #TakeAKneeNFL #BoycottNFLSponsors #BlackLivesMatter #aclu #civilrights #occupy #TheResistance #progressives #boycottnfl
I love our 45th President. Of course in a manly way.
Why do some people insist on being different we r all Americans
Mr. Trump can you help this single mom of two boys and one of her son is a special need child with a gastro disease she is struggling to pay 4 treatments,therapy is close to being evicted  look at her story I know you as my president will do the right http://thing.gofundme.com/tatumfund 
Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heal, & we will heal, & be strong...
By not NFL protests #fuckingmoron
Are you for real? I want my vote back. I quit you.
Y'all know how texting is, you're trynna tell me you've never sent a text or a tweet without misspelling a simple word? GET A LIFE #8years
Once you're gone.
Thank you for that message Mr.President! We are so proud of the work you're doing 

When you're not a good speller and never read to see how words are properly spelled you can't  spell and don't even know it, just like Trump 
Maybe they have him on 48 hr psych hold ????
https://youtu.be/4S2TZOdXAtQ                    
This is for all you Libs.
Full speed ahead w/ your agenda. Ignore them. Focus on accomplishing what you campaigned for. Ultimately that's what you'll be judged on
the superficial tweets can't save you
NO, NO, NO, SIR... YOU enabled and ignited the division. GO watch some of your campaign rallies and look again for YOURSELF... EMBARRASSING
I am so sick and tired of the left being "OUTRAGED".  A sad bunch of bitter angry losers!  Get a job, get an education & grow the hell up!
Did you use the book I posted to you?
Not with you DT we won't. Resign!
Dude, we are protesting 24/7 until you are out of our house.
Not many "likes" you have???  Haha
Maybe think before you send
Your moral authority card has already been revoked. #unfittobepresident #25thamendment
Our country was great before you. It will be great again when we're rid of you. The division is your doing and yours alone. #Impeach45
so glad there was a grown up around to correct all your typos...third times a charm. #sad
But not protests by white supremacists or by those who preach hate or by those who are looking to oppress....you die hard supporters!
#Heel
When you leave office #45! You are unfit and unstable to be the POTUS. 
sometimes we need a impeachment in order to heal
Actually , trump blames spellcheck for his mistakes !  Story of his life , always blame others
Hope you get sick or have a heart attack and don't "heel". Did your daughter wife @IvankaTrump correct your spelling? #trumpsKKK #impeach
It took you three tries to get the word "heal" right. America doesn't deserve your incompetence and ignorance.
Unfortunately true
The #WhiteSupremacistInChief just sent this out to his base.
First you try and cause havoc to try and prove to YOUR 34% that we the people are enemies, we the people stand against our enemy "YOU".
Much better tone
#love #peace #ahimsa
Meanwhile, you've cost taxpayers $54,329,537.04 to support your fancy lifestyle. http://trumptax.me 
We won't unless Law Enforcement & the WH does something about the Soros, Antifa & BLM.
WTF? You didn't write this.
He did...and initially misspelled heal...like heel
Your great country had been massacring innocent people across the planet - 
Iraq -1.5 Million
Syria -500000
Yemen
Libya
Vietnam
Yugoslavia
Thanks for the courage to speak the truth @AWAKEALERT 

They have turned our original Republic into the 4th Reich.
Ari, check this out, it's for US NAVY in San Diego.  It was built in the 1960's when REAL NAZIS had infiltrated our CIA and NASA.

We are coming together now, against you and your white supremacist supporters, the purveyors of racial hatred and bigotry
#DonaldTrump is a narcissistic, petty, vindictive, racist sociopath with a God complex
He is a dangerously vile reprobate who needs to be stopped so we can #MakeAmericaSaneAgain
He needs to produce his birth certificate. I want proof he is even human. #NewBirtherMovement
@BarackObama never showed his though????
I saw his Birth Certificate. Where were you when that happened? Listening to #Trump  .
Probably somewhere not giving a shit
Are you related to trump? I see the resemblance.
• Protests Yes
• Riots NEVER
who gets to decide which is which?...a deplorable, or our traitor #Prexy?
Who Decides? Protests Are Peaceful & Lawful Riots Are Violent Destructive & Find Your Ass In Jail BUT Democrats Let Their Cities Burn~
had a pretty quiet riot in Boston, where the Nazis couldn't bring guns, lol, and the city didn't burn  (according to the mayor and police)
Sweetheart Boston Wasn't Exactly A Riot But A Bunch Of Ignorant Childish Antifa "Trying Make A Difference"Anytime A Grown BOY Hits A Lady~
you talk about one of anything in a crowd of 15-40K Bostonians: mighty low percentage, but the #Prexy figures, only one person killed
in Charlottesville...so samesies, I guess: one hit for one killed, equal exchange
by the way, how many did Villa kill in the raid on Brownsville?
It's funny how you agree with white supremacists protesting but you disagree protesters and prostrating against YOU. Disgusting!!
That's why we are protesting YOU!
Saw your first tweet"heel". Will be sending you a dictionary soon.
It's coming together now. To get rid of you.
You would not know how to stand you ran from Vietnam and you hide by "very bad people" in your cabinet. Grow a pair or pull you saggy' s up!
Man what ar you doing u listen to how u talk you know this ant going to stop write know it's leading to world war 3'4'5'6'7'8'9'10
That's terrible grammar.
Just as soon as you are impeached, the real "heeling" can begin!
Impeached for what,b clinton got b job in WH, lied, was impeached, stayed n WH! How disrespectful !
Then why do you always go after those who protest your idiocy?
Trump isn't a Time Travaler - the MESS - is create by your bickering.
Heel rover heel!
Yes we will! God Bless!
Don't you think these liberals had enough freedom destroying our cities . Fun time needs a little quiet time.Maybe a little jail time
we don't need soros paid antifa thugs--put them in jail--topple husseins stature coz he helped to legitimize lawlessness
Found an editor I see.
Donald Trump needs to step up an save are monuments this is crazy . Let's take down MLK statue. Where is Donald Trump?
Not just MLK,but the big fist in Det, Joe L, all statues rep blacks/history.no RParks, no BP, no NAACP, no BLM.poof!
Actually i dont think it has been this divided in a long time, but then you came in and made all the hate worse :/
And sometimes the only way to heal is through impeachment proceedings!
How can the guy who spread the birther lies (and so many others) help this nation heal?
He doesn't want the nation to heal, he wants us to heel.  Maybe it wasn't a typo, and, for once, actually said what he meant.
Ya tienen empresas millonarias terroristas q van hacer sin pruebas hace rato era pq las tengo corrió $$$$$
Folks, PLEASE realize POTUS IS'NT 4 ABHORRENT PROTE ST LIKELAST WKND IN CHARLOTSVILLE.  I believe he means PEACE FULL protest.  Thank you!!!
#noleader
Agree
For blacks that voted for Trump what happened if Trump kkk and other racist group comes to your town and kill a black person instead
Abolish Antifa NOW!
Except for throwing bottle of urine on the police
Its been Divided BEFORE JFK-People Feel SAFE ENOUGH to speak out NOW-IT WAS ALWAYS THERE!
We shouldn't allow actors or corporate sales CEO's to run our country b/c Actors learn to lie and sellers are pro (liars) con artists!
Well some of us put a smarmy real estate magnate at the helm.  You reap what you sow.
Yes Protest, but not all the violence and hate the left is creating.  Keep strong and be safe!

A hole
Anyone that proofs to be weaker so far than DONALD DUCK!?
Keep things safe everybody!! Antifa & other hate groups will gather wherever U are trying 2 peacefully protest. Be on guard, film everything
Trump would never do it and leave us the men and woman behind!!
It starts with your resignation!  #WorstPresidentEver
Wow - trump sounds like Oprah and bono had a baby! Heal the world Trump - #ResignNowTrump #IMPEACHMENTNOW
The country has never been more divided thanks to Nazi President! Too bad!
You must live under a very heavy rock.
You are lying again. Your lips are moving.
WE can't heal while we R being held hostage by A bigot Fraud & Terrorist whom lives in @WhiteHouse U R THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE #TrumpResign

You are allowing INNOCENT men to remain detained while a Senator wants to Assinate you? Something is very wrong. We 
As long as your protest doesn't employ swastikas, Confederate flags, and hoods. By the way, have you started renting to nonwhites yet?
What???
No organization has more fans of nazis than islam.
#MAGAidea
You need opposition to achieve goals
Facing Doubt, Failures, & those making fun of you
When you have overcome these you've won


The country is united in it's resistance of 45 and his #fakepresidency and #fakeChristianity
Just need to get yah ass out the White House, that's all sis. We wasn't this bad until your ass got in the chair. Your not fit to be there.
people like you are causing the division. Not President Donald Trump. Who will go down in history as the Great President.
People like me? I highly doubt I'm included in THAT category. But everyone has their own option. I BEST leave off here now. 
President Trump. People don't believe in God. They say it is a fairy tale. But the Bible predicted the future. But God works in our lives.
Donnie you are the divider not a uniter. If the president does not hear protests against him things will never get better
living proof that more money & resources does not guarantee a smarter child.  parenting is key.
We will heal when you're out of the job. You're disgusting

trumptards wouldn't know the difference anyways
Thumb up to you, the best president of America. I am pretty sure that you will heal those wounds with time.  @Restore_Biafra @ThinkBiafra
Glad this was corrected...because at first I thought you were giving the entire US dog commands.
Your actions continue to be divisive.
You must be kidding Mr Trump. You are the divider-in-chief& country can not heal while U are in office.Resign so that country may heal. Hope
Let's see, do u live in a hut, the sand,cave. Sure not n U.S. of A 

Can u prove your implication? Sure u can't. Just another 
When they haul you off to the Intetnational Court of Justice &/or impeach you,then the country may start to heal! You are a pathetic leader
who finally told you how to spell "heal?"
You are a racism & enjoy white supremecists....I think you are probably KKK member from way back. You think you are better than everyone
Is that why the peaceful protestors were pepper sprayed? Please resign #StopTrump
Our strength will end u! U will not heal
You are such a joke to any sane person in America!
Divided more now than ever thanks to you! Indeed, protest Trump! Let us heal from you!
I pray for people like u.Suppose u must like socialism or communism better. If Trump didn't become our president, that's what we would be.
And, I will pray for you - and better grammar.
but you can't protest by running innocent people down with your car
Omg. Wake up to the here & now by finding out the realities in between
I will 'RT & Like' President @realDonaldTrump's tweet 1 more time and see if it gets unRT'd & unLiked… again!
STOP it @Twitter! Grrrrr! 
Time to get your people in place and get rid of McMasters. A thorn in your side and a back stabber!
My family fought in Civil War 4 states rights not 4 slavery They didn't have slaves & didn't want them. Now ppl want 2 destroy their memory
Thanks for acknowledging the division and continuing it (don't fret); as long as you do it in the open and on twitter it will be great! Ugh
Great speech Mr. President! Hang in there. There's a whole bunch of us rooting for you!
And a much larger group looking to impeach you. Child 45
@POTUS We voted for u President Trump not your son-in-law or daughter. If your smart u will get Bannon back with u.
definitely divided when the President sides with the KKK. Or was that your Dad? I forget.
You are the divider. You spewing hatred, bigotry and racism (and the birther BS) is the problem.
Mr. President you're doing a great job can't you put Health Care back to the States with a executive order
No.
Thank you President Trump, you're working hard for America!
I appreciate a president who cares more about Americans than he does politics, and, condemns fake news.
You are right and I say amen to that.
Can someone PLEASE start proofreading Dear Leader's tweets before letting him hit send?
You just need to lock up the liberals and the Dems
Maybe we can have a tattooed uneducated pickup run our country
We will heal when you are no longer here. You're the wound....healing comes after
Wtf!! That's our president?
Not my president
Ya but if you're going to  attack race issues you need to go after all of thim including all black colleges that permot segregation
And holidays that remind people of race issues its time to ride our selves of all the reminders of race issues on both sides not just slaves
It would be helpful if you would not divide our country more than it already is divided.  Be part of the solution and not the problem.
yeah yeah yeah.  https://twitter.com/TeeCee_85/status/899248164892495873/photo/1pic.twitter.com/qoXDbl2kot 
Sometimes we need Martial Law & media blackouts ...
Donald doesn't no how to tell the truth.  No credibility. Not fit for the job
Trump.  Our country has not been divided for decades. Obama & fake media are lying. Even lied about Hands up don't shoot. It NEVER happened.
Why losers talk a lot? Because they don't work and contribute, so they have time to criticize who do. Lazy but want $$$. Pathetic liberals.
It appears you don't have a clue. Librs make a lot more money than cons
Only the elite like HR, Obama and Soros. Normal liberals like those protesters on the street are poor, desperate and brainwashed by media
Good Googly Moogly. Four times? Seriously?  #TrumpFail
Hopefully this heel will resign soon, he'll be doing us all a favor.
I see what you did there. 
You are  right. I'll protest you as much as possible.
Glad to know you're NOT out working - only God would know how you'd WASTE it - as you have that The Time of Others!!
#heel #jackass
Oh, darn, you found out how to spell "heal." I was enjoying watching you make are grate cuntry dummer.

You are anointed by GOD. Keep praying and you will move mountains. You are to change the course of politics. Stay strong.
Protest you for Impeachment
You base is not protesting. They are rioting and injuring and have killed someone. Are you going to condemn your supporters/base
YOU are the Great Divider! That is exactly why there are more protesters than supporters of you! ■■■
Then please release or Pardon our INNOCENT Political Prisoners in NV. These men love you and voted for you and love USA.

#heel
Because your poster boy Barry did NOTHING to divide this country. ##hypocriticaldems
What we don't need is a president that make it worse

What the hell r u saying? is this a message for the KKK ???
Like the positivity!
Country will never come together again w/o civil war.  Ideologies are too far apart.  It must self implode before people realize we are one.
Pristine Donald - you are supposed to be  a big part of the solution, not part of the problem.  Your words and actions are divisive
No matter how many enemies! You have my support and my prayers.
Only since your election!!
Ban quran in http://west.solution.bible  banned ..no biggi???. Tough measures but you will abort any infilytation. Aussie. Still islam iis here
The division of the country by obama , DNC and MSM brought Trump. Thank God.
