Mr. Watters looks like an Avis car rental agent with that suit.
How high are your TV ratings Ryan?   @WattersWorld
Non sequitur, Mr. Martin.
You've got a point there Ryan, not a sharp one, but a point none the less. @WattersWorld  
You are stumbling into the illimitable mist of your own ignorance, Walton.
Don't be a smart ass, I do have a mute button. :)
Please by all means. I encourage you to bypass your mute button and go directly to your block button, Walton. You were caustic, initially.
I'm very often caustic.  I'm not here to amuse people.
Rob Goldstone totally set up DJTjr. He was too trusting.
Certainly looks like entrapment
Put down the Twitter machine, Grandpa
Sorry no can do - I'm hooked 
It's not good for your arthritis. Plus I think you may be losing it upstairs. Sad.
I believe that suit is the victim here.
It's Burgundy. In so many ways.
Nothing classy about the whole affair but enjoying the irony of emails damaging the Trumps, even if Fox Pravda aren't having it.
Yes Theres Nothing Classy

When There's So Much Corruption 

Pertaining2 Obama& HillaryClinton 

And There's Deafening Silence N The Media
Are you replying to me with a poem? I admire your love for capital letters.
Typical Response !!

why didn't he pop his collar?
When the democrats are done that's how it will end up they really are sick. When they going to hand over them laptops they were asked for ?
Whaaaat?
Victim of an over indulged sense of self worth resulting in a lack of moral conscience and feelings of superiority. #LockThemAllUp
We see right through ALL of this Russian BS.

Holy lord and heaven. This is getting ridiculous.
Bull. Jr was the player. American democracy was the victim. Russia won. America lost. Time to clean up this mess. Fill Gitmo with traitors.
Jesse I'd actually say you are the victim of the ugliest blazer I've ever seen. Oh and nobody takes you seriously.
Get used to this scene @DonaldJTrumpJr @POTUS
Why?  Does he have an intellectual disability?  Is there some condition you can point to the would explain his understanding of the email?

@DonaldJTrumpJr What a spin!  He ranted about anyone being accused of collusion!  An imbecile would have the brains to know better!  Greed!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha. That must be some good dope your smokin. Can you hook me up?

#DTjr is a victim of bad genes !  Another Fox News infomercial for arrogant Trump.
Wtf
Not sure this guy knows what a victim is
How on God's green Earth is this possible?
The conservative & liberal media keep taking sides. Can't they just report facts & stop making statements the public knows are just wrong?
THIS IS WHAT YOU GET WITH AUTHORITARIANISM "STATE TV".....
^
I believe that his tailor is the real victim here!
Fashion is the victim in regards to that choice of blazer
The color
NICE BLAZER!  I had pink,slacks in 1984!

Jesse is the best.
Libs trying to impeach Trump 
Lets see how this ages, he may not get impeached but there IS something there and your obsession with him is blinding you. What if it was44!
Or what if it's nothing?
If it's nothing they wouldn't be withholding and lying!  Minus other crimes, that will jam you up even if you've done nothing else wrong!
Explain this
Sounds familiar.Flynn story meeting, President meeting, Kushner meeting an now Jr. meeting....

Oh he's the victim. What was said came from little trumps mouth. So he's the victim. Really.
I agree!
This is disgusting. It is time to be honest and care about each other regardless of party.
Fox-White House Propaganda News, owned by Arabs, that desire a weak, misinformed United States. And, the viewers devour this bullshit.
Uday is in trouble
If by "victim" you mean he intentionally tried to commit treason, but didn't get the info he wanted, then sure.

The victim of what... the president trying to find a convenient scapegoat?
Victim? Junior's words "I love it". He wanted Russian dirt on HRC and took the meeting. He is as underhanded as Daddy. Fox is pathetic.
Deuteronomy 28:10
Then all #peoples of the #earth shall see that you are [1/2]
“It is easier for a camel to enter the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the Kingdom of God.”
RT @FoxNews: .@jessebwatters on @DonaldJTrumpJr meeting with Russian attorney: "I believe Don Jr. is the victim here." #...
Jesse looks like he's about to sell me a used volvo
what is wrong with a used Volvo

On National TV
So, it seems you feel that everyone is fake news, except for Jessie waters, Sean Hannity, 'fox and friends', and the national enquirer?
That's true. None of them are ever wrong
@adrien_gabriela SMDH.
Have I ever told you how much I hate this guy? All they do is make excuses for these pieces of shit because they're just like them.
They even defend him not releasing his taxes! It's just batshit crazy.
Right! Then they turn around and continue to demonize Hillary over some freakin' emails and anything they can think of about Obama.
That glorious karma moment when emails are what take down the Trump admin.
Absolutely. It'll be...GLORIOUS!
You're kidding right?..@DonaldJTrumpJr takes a meeting with a foreign govt to get dirt on opponent, hides it and lies about and he's victim?
Wow! It is now against the law to talk to somebody who doesn't like Hillary Clinton. Can you please cite the Law Journal link, I can't wait.
Here's a few:
https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/52/30121 …
https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/953 …
Your campaign opponent is not the US government, he was not giving or receiving money, so none of those apply
Receiving items of value to influence an election from a foreign agent. Doesn't have to be money.
a contribution OR donation of money OR other thing of value
Alan Dershowitz  who is by no means a right winger, and I believe he teaches law at Harvard says you're full of 
I just responded with the legal codes and highlighted the parts that apply. So the law is full of shit not me. Why so angry? 
Don't you mean idiocy? I mean, they both end in "y".
"No one in my campaign met w/ Russia"

EXCEPT FOR:
- Sessions
- Kushner
- Flynn
- Manafort
- Gordon
- Page
- Trump Jr.
Don't forget Pence
Of course you do bubbe.

Wikileaks Exposes It Was HILLARY Who Met Secretly with a Foreign Ambassador. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inZCiimQJac … 
@realDonaldTrump @jessebwatters @DonaldJTrumpJr Wait, you said you don't WATCH TV...Show me a clip from REAL news that says this!?
Seriously? Victim? Perhaps when he was dropped on his head as an infant, but now? Reality check. American voters are the true victims.
You libs, really this is what you're holding on to. It's true what's being said about you all: Trash is as trash does.
i believe you're correct.

A victim of hi own stupidity!
How is he a victim?  A victim of what happened?  Was there not a meeting?  Do you not want it public?
True.... He is a victim of his own conniving!
May the deplorable old dunce go on permanent vacation at Gulag  #25th45 #RussiaGate #TrumpeachmentNow
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/11/opinion/trump-russia-collusion.html?smid=fb-share …
@DonaldJTrumpJr was certainly set up for a poisoned meeting where the Ruskie was allowed by @AGLynch & @BarackObama ok'd her being here

No, either your brain or your love of $ (I hope it's worth it!) is the victim. MY $ is on your brain.
Planting seeds of doubt and deceipt, a Trump/Putin specialty. Don't let your head be a flower pot! There is help!! Try reading this:
He's a victim of bad parenting and stupid, amoral, unethical teaching from his philandering, thrice wed, sexual predator of a father.
LOL!!!  Forget the fact that don jr conspired to commit a crime with sworn enemies. Love how the hypocrtical the red right gets & flaunts it
@realDonaldTrump    BS!!!!!!!!!
Junior is the victim of a Democrat led international spy ring. The chick is KGB
#BringBackObama
The lawyer was seen with the US ambassador to Russia 8 days after the meet with Jr at a congressional meeting
Wats going on with Sheppo smith
God god. Faux news is a communist station.
Funny!
Dems say Don Jr showed "intent" to collude. Folks, I have "intent" to lose weight. Why haven't I lost weight?? 
It's beyond pathetic disgusting disturbing!!!
Give your head a shake, this is corruption is in cleanest form
 Sounds like an answer of a   "Waters World" doofus.  Gawd it must've rubbed off.
What a load of bullshit.  Trump and his cohorts are all #complicit.
TREASON, LOCK HIM UP!!
you do love your rubes.
God is going to crush America because of her continuous evils commitred against the children of the most high God.
@jessebwatters on @DonaldJTrumpJr meet w/Russian attorney:"I believe Don Jr's the victim here" #TheFive  OF HIS MOUTH
Like father like son, crooked!!!!
The Ruskies are laughing their asses off....
Lie detector test determined that was a lie
@realDonaldTrump @jessebwatters @DonaldJTrumpJr Where are my tall boots.
Lol!   He's the victim here?!?    My God they will say anything.
GGOD ONE !!!!! LOL
Transparency! LOL Trump doesn't know the first thing about that!

Of course you do.
Omfg
I believe he is the victim too!!!!
Agreed!
If he was so transparent, why did he keep this hidden for over a year? Something stinks and it's name is Trump.
OMG GET RID OF JUAN.
@realDonaldTrump America is the victim
I see the God squad is on this feed!
Suggest Trump kids stay off "political radar" until this so-called Russian collusion story is over.
Wha-huh? HE'S the victim? Tell that to Hillary.
now this, if anything, is the prime example of fake news LOL
Why do you only RT fox news?

fox news the propaganda machine please they been waiting in the wings for such a time as this trump racist time...
For your sake, Donald, I hope you’re right.
If Donald Trump walked in there and took a dump in the middle of your desk, you'd say you don't 'believe' it stinks.
The victim??!! He was salivating at the thought he could get juicy dirt on HRC 2 b hero son #TrumpUrvictims
When was he transparent?  NO WAY he, or any other "T" person met with ANY RUSSIAN without megalomaniac@realDonaldTrump approval. Collusion!!
Victim that is ridiculous
You better go back and reread the definition of victim again.  You know how to read ..yes?
They lied Jesse. You know it, i know it, and now the rest of the planet does too. Have some class. Time to back the country not yourself.
Been enough of that wouldn't you say
You're right - this totally isn't worth even asking questions about.
Have you lost your mind???
@realDonaldTrump @jessebwatters @DonaldJTrumpJr  are you guys just constantly drunk? Like wtff?!?!
Is this satire?
Very naive!!!!
You bet he is !!! He's the victim of "stupid is as stupid does" As you and ur cohorts are...
I believe the American People are the victims here  Try to understand that @realDonaldTrump
They are a few of us that are still behind our President Donald Trump and his family . I think they are doing a great job.
Admit the fact that you and your family only put your own interests first
Oh right!!!  According to Watters on Fox News!! Fox is pretty much a propaganda machine spewing forth almost pure garbage!   I don't brliwve


The victim of being your son. You and all of your cronies are going down. Yes!
https://www.pscp.tv/w/bDWL0DFkclFla29PYmdCamJ8MWRqR1hBV29CTWtKWjC1jLP_WGY0p0hX3IqXAfxcT6_rsXDJsQC2ICRm4lWK …
Aw. He's obviously a victim.  We should get him a present.
He's a grown man not a victim! He made the decision to do what he did! Cut it out!
Another useless fox news person
Channel when we common sense people here you that gutter guy and that woman that looks like Caitlyn Jenner talk
LOL
@realDonaldTrump @jessebwatters @DonaldJTrumpJr VICTIMIZING those with special needs is not cool....be nice to Don Jr.
Damn, you can say that with a straight face.
HE WAS THE VICTIM FOR SURE HE WAS CAUGHT WITH YOUR PANTS DOWN  ENJOY THE RIDE 36% IS A JOKE
If you were a real president, you'd be ashamed.
Pres. endorsed, so you know it must be ethical and impartial!
Retweeting THE most biased news in the world doesn't necessarily support the times you cry about "fake news"
Keep watching the Weather.
Transparency is NOT transparency when outed
The mountain of evidence piling up against this Russian lawyer supports that. She was clearly Anti-Trump and connected to the DNC.
He is not a victim, either is the Potus. Even if this meeting was as innocent as he says their constant changing story is the problem.
He's a 'victim' of defective genes.

The rest of his problems are of his OWN making.

Now, SIDDOWN & be quiet, Jesse
how the heck do you figure that? HE read the email, HE answered it, HE set up a meeting, HE met with her! So how is HE the victim? BS
Where was this transparency last week.   You know.  Seven days BEFORE the Washington Post was going to run with the evidence themselves.
So many hateful little libtards.
Obviously Donald Jr was set up by the Dems. No question about it. Politics is a dirty biz! Unfortunately opponents look for dirt on the othr
@realDonaldTrump @jessebwatters @DonaldJTrumpJr That's like blaming the woman and not the man who forcibly grabbed her by genitalia
A victim, wtf. You are as deranged as the person you defend.trump gone, russian collusion gone
The haters r coming out of the woodwork! They just can't stand the FACT the Trumps did nothing wrong b4 they went into politics or after
I also believe that if a son of Obama had done what trump jr did, you'd be calling it treason.

#Nocredibility  
#FoxIsFakeNews
Don jr is victim? Wow, you come up with crazy conspiracy theories. Victim = American people.
Joyful at the prospect of dirt from a corrupt, murderous adversary makes Jr. a victim? That's stunningly obtuse, even for Watters. #kissass
The poor Trumps are ALWAYS playing victim. Who could possibly believe this Bull crap? They have been BUSTED and for once are afraid.
I still can't stop laughing at this
Way to suck up to the trump's Fox news.

and he also believe Earth is flat.
Victim of WHAT? being your name sake JR
Don't tell me. Chump will start asking for apology and Waters will act like he knows politics but needs cue cards to know what to say.
What a load of crap
Not like fox to sound like a bag of dicks
TRUMP Jr the victim of getting caught trying to get information on Hillary Clinton from Russia and Russians not friend to America, REALLY?
That statement shows how little credibility #FauxNews has in the world.  #DJTjr is a criminal, not a victim.  "I LOVE IT," is pretty clear.
This is another attempt at a staged COUP by the Deep State and the Left.
Clintons have not only tried to get dirt on President Trump,but have paid for it!  Jr. is innocent.
Get real
Did anyone ask him to take this meeting to get dirt on Hillary. He relished it when he thought it would pay off. Can't justify this period
