
BREAKING: #Obamacare Death Certificate Passes in the Senate, With Mike Pence Tie-Breaking Vote -- OBAMACARE is DEAD https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/25/us/politics/senate-health-care.html?hp&action=click&pgtype=Homepage&clickSource=story-heading&module=span-ab-top-region&region=top-news&WT.nav=top-news&_r=0 …
Obamacare is DEAD
President Trump will sign #Obamacare's death certificate, and the nightmare for millions of Americans will be over
Americans voted on November 8th to STOP the path towards socialized medicine. Today Republics kept their promise
PROMISES MADE. PROMISES KEPT.
With President Trumps leadership, Republicans finally banded together to STOP the implosion of our healthcare system
Obamacare was set to destroy our healthcare system. Not anymore!
Those must be some amazing drugs you're on.
3 Years, 5 Months, 25 Days, 21 Hours, 35 Minutes, and 19 Seconds
There won't be a country in four years.
Your absolutely correct...these morons will catch up one day but it'll be too late by then. We are a worldwide embarrassment
Correction. We were a world wide embarrassment, but Obama is no more!! Thank God!!!!
Hello from Canada.  You guys are the laughing stock of the world. Even PM from Australia is making fun of him, and Aussies are super nice
Thanks From Australia And yes Trump is the USA's Biggest embarrassment
You do realize that this was not a vote for healthcare, right?  It was to bring it to the floor?  

Are you this Stupid?
BOOM!
Keep Tweeting you ignoramous!!  It's making things easy for Mueller!
How's the whole impeachment thing going so far? #He'sYourPresident
We are on step 4 of 10 for impeachment!  POS
I need to move on impeachment quicker than what they're doing Trump needs to go so does pence and Paul Ryan and McConnell
I have put money on his impeachment next year, wasn't worth betting on 2017 as bookmakers' odds are so low. They're seldom wrong.
It'll happen, but not soon enough. Meanwhile, how many more horrors will we witness before the GOP pull their heads out of their asses?
Don't you remember you called this man every name in the book?  McCain hates you.  Remember that!
You will be IMPEACHED soon!!
McCain will be one of the senators voting to confirm your impeachment
Are you kiddin?. Now they're on to tax reform. Breaks for their rich buddies and dick all 4 you and I.  He helped them push the no's 2 yeses
Nothing wrong eith that.  Now let's hope we can get to 2018 and flip the Congress
John McCain is a spineless piece of shit
Congrats on killing 22M people. Fucking pigs
Pop quiz for the GOP senators; what are the specifics of the plan?
There is no plan
Oh there is a plan, it just has nothing to do with healthcare.  Take from the poor to give to the rich.  Voila!  Mission accomplished.
What is given to the rich under this plan?
Hmm good point.  We don't know, because the GOP cowards won't share info.  But all their previous plans included giant tax cuts for the rich

Good, but no golfing badge? I would've thought that was above yachting. And a "golden toilet" badge.
He's definitely earned this one
Where's the "Peed on by Hookers" badge?
Ah, the golden shower...
While we're at it, there should also be a "trophy wives" badge -- his should have 3 stars.
I think 2. You can't really count ones you buy from an escort agency... allegedly 
We all worked very hard BUT could not have done it without trump pulling us all into his tweet circle to help rescue & repeal.Congrats all!!
Congrats from Canada! This is very encouraging for Americans, the future and the Trump administration. 


Remember, remember! The sixth of November. #Resist #RIPGOP #RussiaGate #RussiaCollusion #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachGOP #Complicit #ProtectOurCare 
I have stage 4 cancer & Obamacare is keeping me alive. TrumpCare threatens everybody w/ pre-existing conditions. Why do you want us to die?
Have you been following the bills? ALL OF THEM leave us out in the cold. Junk ins, doesn't cover care. Two pools, sick ppl priced out.
That's why every single cancer, patient advocacy and medical org has come out against. We are at risk.
Sorry to hear that...do you know where can I read the health bills that the GOP are planning?
Follow @ASlavitt @TopherSpiro @charles_gaba for more analysis.
You realise he is the one who created the bloody programme in Syria -- the one you just ended?
John McCain Illegally Travels To Syria, Meets With Leaders And Fighting Groups; No Criticism From MSM
 http://www.activistpost.com/2017/02/mccain-illegally-travels-syria-meets-leaders-fighting-groups.html …
Some "moderate" "rebels", eh?
Why don't you ask trump about his Indonesian business partner who supports Isis & steals land of peasants to sell 2 trump for golf courses.
Go ahead and ask him...
So now you like captured people?
So now John McCain is an American hero?

Sad...
Donnie had a World Leader in and just told the World "we watched television"!  That's ALL he does!






How exactly will TALKING about taking away healthcare from millions of Americans deliver great healthcare to all Americans?
Yo Donny! You spelled 'tax cut for my billionaire buddies' wrong.
"We are not the President's subordinates. We are his equals." Senator McCain.
Rafa for president?
He'd get our vote
I'd be in favour of Rafa taking over from DT, but not vice versa.
Trump in charge of the toon army He'd take 'army' literally, and they'd be running around the pitch with AK-47's within 3 minutes

Lol
I can't  keep up Donald lol  going faster and faster.  You are either an alien from outer space. Or GOD IS WITH YOU!
No my dem friends. It wasn't Russia.  God colluded with me
Good job Don
Absolutely amazing! You are keeping your promises to the American people. God bless you @POTUS 
Girl, you denser than osmium.
says the orange canker sore w dementia to the asshole pow w brain cancer. both are still covered so they good.
I hear the healthcare in federal prison isn't that great. Sorry.
It's even worse in Russian prison
Man receiving life saving (state-paid) cancer treatment, leaves hospital to take that same right away from others. Speak up#Resist #McCain
You're such a transparent schmuck. It's embarrassing that you're in charge of anything.
you're kidding, right?
No YOU cant #PutinsPuppet
We all see what a COWARD you are
You're FAILING & so scared of #TrumpRussia you attack @jeffsessions
#Trumptanic 


Watch McCains speech. Watch it twice. That's how a leader speaks.  That's what a statesman looks like.  Take notes.
I guess when you find out your dying you think about what's important. But the Senate is not equal to the President.
You're right---they are more important and more powerful.  And they need to keep him in check.
you do know trumpcare REMOVES healthcare from 10-20% of Americans - right?
You mean some people who can afford to pay for insurance may actually have to pay? Hundreds of thousands lost coverage this year due to ACA.
no - they didn't. But hey - hope none of your 5 kids get sick and you hit a lifetime limit on coverage.
I was being generous. Some reports show 2.6 million lost coverage. Lifetime limits weren't a major problem before ACA. Won't be after.
Every analysis shows 30M+ more have coverage now than pre-aca. But hey - good for you not being beholden to facts and numbers.
Rep plan is far from perfect. With ACA millions = free coverage while me (middle class) paid triple for less coverage with high deduct.
I became disabled in 2013 after working steadily for 40+ years. Without ACA, I would have died. Is that ok in this country?
No one would say that's ok. No one. That's like me asking you if it's ok if I die because I lost my coverage with ACA. Immature argument.
Trumps America: We can fund two wars but can't treat the poor. #MakeAmericaSickAgain
I thought O was gonna end those wars. Trump didn't start them.
2011 Military Budget: $1.5TRILLION

10 Year Cost of ACA: $900Billion

What's your logic again? Do Trumpers even know what that word means?
Thankyou for being the country's biggest waste of Human Resource.
Did I miss something? You got agreement to have a debate. Clearly a number of Republicans uneasy and would not support bill as now offered.
Well thank god they having a debate. Mitch McConnell is a very dangerous threat to his own society
Right.
#Trumpcare #SaveACA
We did it!!!!!!
This is a dream come true!!!
Thank you so much Republicans for fighting for the victims of Obamacare when the Democrats couldn't care about you! 
Not sure you get what just happened
Someone in my family lost their healthcare because of Obama so you're wrong
Welcome to America where the rich get richer and the poor die.  What's amazing is the poor still don't get it and support this virus.
At least you're not insulting him anymore!
at least for right now! pretty sure he'll find some other time to insult #JohnMcCain, an American war hero.
There are few of God  less than 100 worldwide  few will forsake all and come out following Jesus in faith

could you not have just said this to his face
McCain has care being paid by taxes , then travels on the tax payers dime to take healthcare away from tax payers. That's an American hero?
Even heros can fall
Mr. President, You mean wealthcare for your rich friends.
LIVE: McCain says current healthcare legislative process likely to fail; says would not vote for Republican bill as it is today 

Thank you for being big enough to move past our differences and do what's right for the American people
U fucking kidding me- moving past our differences & doing right 4 the #American ppl! We r more divided than oth. More will join #Resistance
Dude tell me besides Trump! what are you resisting?
he's resisting resistance to further resist and talk more about how much he resists resisting and stuff like that.
Maybe he's resisting ineptitude, failed (poor) policy, bigotry, sexism, the desecration of the office, denial of science...? That's just me.
maybe you're resisting reality? ever think of that genius?
Nope, all those things are objectively real.
how long has he been in office? you're too dumb
You have displayed zero capability of producing a healthcare bill that would be great for anyone but the ultra wealthy.
no,  that's Obama. Wrong party.  Not the failing democrats
I urge you to take a look at the Republicans' bill since you clearly have not.
Because they don't feel safe anywhere else.  Just ask George Clooney to comment on this very topic. He moved back recently.
This dude uses Christianity as a hate vehicle
As a Christian if you don't hate that which is evil (injustice, tyranny, Islam) how can you love that which is good.
Linda is neither an Islamist nor evil, she participates in the democratic process, she doesn't promote Sharia. She's a true American.
Believe what you like, and I will believe that poisonous snakes don't bite even when you agitate them. She needs FGM like the other girls.
If she supposedly promotes sharia but is participating in democracy, isn't she doing Sharia wrong?

The truth is she doesn't promote Sharia
She's a normal american

I bet she can't even make a proper cup of tea
Normal Americans don't wear the hijab, which has nothing to do with Islam, but is forced on women by the cult of Islam. No hijab before 1969
My healthcare isn't perfect, but I depend on services by @PPact in order to have a healthy life - are you going to continue to provide?
My thought is no - because you (along with the rest of @GOP) are anti-woman, anti-abortion, and anti-healthcare. #SaveACA.
This is shameful. We won't give up, and we won't stop fighting. #SaveACA.
Keep the bottles on ice for when the indictments come down.
except the poor, those who rely on medicaid and medicare, those suffering from opiate abuse, those with pre-existing conditions, etc
not true at all.. i just want insurance..be 18 yrs next month since i had insurance..diff reasons but Tn opted out of Ocare n peeps suffer
cover their costs. Insurance companies aren't in the business of giving away money. We will all pay more w/o help from healthy folks on
.@SenJohnMcCain-Thank you for coming to D.C. for such a vital vote. Congrats to all Rep. We can now deliver grt healthca...
Given a prov to receive a tax credit for full per-person cost per dependent to opt-out for private ins, Reps can support Healthcare for All
RT @realDonaldTrump McCain seen laughing & hugging DEMS minutes before he killed the REPEAL, reminding @GOP he has ZERO conservative values.
@BartHubbuch why did you mom retweet something from Trump?
Did you eat lead paint as a child? Why can you not understand that Americans do not want you killing the old, sick and poor.Dangerous to USA
I think Sen McCain should rethink his Vote I'm sorry But He has a Brain Tumor & Prob. Shouldn't Vote @ all, He has gotten to B a pain in Ass
Congratulations your Excellency for being American President I love your politics you are good indeed
JUST REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL B4 I LOSE MY HOUSE CANT PAY SAME 2000 in house as in insurance not counting copay
President Trump,I respect and support your policies but if you have to cut off funding for sanctuary cities,we may highly anticipate riots on a level we as a country can't imagine and that scares me.Please use caution when doing so if it comes down to it.
We need your the  foundation USA to build The Hospital, University School near the lake TOBA relationship the Christian  0216281316757862
Only reason I did that so they could go on vacation the list is out on the people who voted and so they out of a job scared mid term coming
Ya, thanks Senator John McCain, true profile in courage unlike failing fake Prez who will soon be sleeping on a Bob Barker mattress. SAD
It's a shame he voted against REPEAL yesterday... do the right thing for America. You promised FULL REPEAL! We are watching. Stand by!!
Awwwwwkwwwwaaarrrdddd #ThanksTrump
HAHA! PSYCH!!
Says the a**hole that insulted Senator McCain during his campaign.
McCain rn
Haha. Even though your new press sec gets the prize for most vile press conference of the week.
You know, by taking it away from 20 million people.
Yup, it's called #Obamacare, boo! 
You got finessed out the ass
And @SenJohnMcCain: Won't vote for bill as is. #truehero Try again Trumpy. #fakepotus
Shit healthcare to millions less Americans. Great job.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain  indeed 
Taking health insurance from 20-32 million poor Americans is "grt healthcare to all Americans?"
How do you like him now?
Idiot! They did not pass a bill! They agreed to discuss it!
Somehow I just don't believe you.
Too many RINOS in the Senate! They're the true obstructionists that need to be voted out of office! At least Dems show their true colors!
The bill is a disaster designed for Republicans to get rich, and we suffer.
#tweets #thar #donot #age #well

YES, ".@SenJohnMcCain-Thank you for coming to D.C. for such a vital vote."
https://www.facebook.com/businessinsider/videos/10154898212994071/ …
#FullRepeal @realDonaldTrump 
#DoNotReplace
#GetGovtOutOfHealtcare
REPEAL !! DO NOT REPLACE!!
Let's see how brutally Trump turns on McCain.
HAHAHAHA
#FuckingLiar
Yes , Thank You Senator McCain, Senator Murkowski, and Senator Collins. 
This health care bill is NOT great.  We need single payer health care.  At a min'm let Medicare negotiate drug prices!
No he is not stupid. Nor is he brainwashed by the bullshit spread by the left.
This is aging better than anyone thought... Yes, Thank You @SenJohnMcCain for coming to D.C. for a vital vote.
Just a  reminder of your attack on @SenJohnMcCain which you never apologized for
fooled your ass didnt he ?
You have no idea what you're talking about. Just stop already.
Unlike the Liberal Dems, by "All Americans," I presume you DON'T MEAN taxpayers will be footing the bill for FREE HC for 30-40 Mil illegals!
so this aged pretty well
this tweet didn't age well
#SinglePayer
You completely dissed him last year ! He still doesn't respect you! Did u listen to his speech..,
No, you can't. Don't be trying to tell people that. You Goon.
You are just a mean bully con man aren't you! How can anyone believe anything you say? You do not stand for what the country was founded on.
Yea thank you @SenJohnMcCain for being a patriot and not letting #trump bully u to vote what was right and not with @GOP #ResistTrump

McCain is a PROBLEM CHILD...
How prophetic! McCain came back heroically and now more Americans (still) have healthcare! #25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachTrumpNow
YOU JUST GOT PRANKED
You mean you are delivering death to working Americans and huge tax breaks to your billionaire buddies. Sad.
Donald  do you realize that you are rated the worst president. If you don't change. Your family will have to live with it
Not quite yet
The delusional REPUBLICANS! Obama Care os not going anywhere!! LOL
I bet ur not thanking @SenJohnMcCain now! That's what happens when a draft dodger like U ridicules a true Patriot for being a POW. #payback
Translation: "We can now deliver grt tax breaks for the wealthy - including me - & you poor unwealthy losers can now lose healthcare." MAGA!
Circumventing proper channels just because you can't get the votes to get your disaster of a plan passed.
McCain lost his hero status as far as I'm concerned, but here's a woman who gained that title!  God Bless You!
Yes, thank you @SenJohnMcCain for helping Americans stop more of @realDonaldTrump antics
Yep. The Democratic Party is glad to have you back
Your thanks was probably not as loud as your criticism last year. Karma, Dude.
Listen to what he said on the floor! His speech was moving and everyone, especially YOU should learn from his comments.
Lies!!
To bad ur skinny bill ain't jack shit
I take it you haven't bothered to read the CBO reports if you think these bills will provide great healthcare to "all Americans".
#TrumpcareisChumpcare
What John McCain? The one you insulted on the campaign. Just  like a spoiled kid. You get what you want and then you can be friends. Loser!
LOL you honestly think that was all it took LOLOLOLOL
Aw shit looks like that failed. Sorry comrade
You lie and cannot be trusted to give us anything
Finally, we can agree with you on something, @realDonaldTrump.  Thank you @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins and @SenateDems
Thank you Senator McCain for doing the right thing.  You are a hero.
Yes, thanks for using gov't healthcare for your own survival while simultaneously voting to strip it from millions.
Merica' @wgross
At least Mr. #JugheadTrump says Thank You but tell us more about #iReform
#trumpdontcaresucks #yousuck #biglysadforamerica
#Songbird @SenJohnMcCain really let us down again
That's how a POW shows a POS BLOW HARD BULLY how it's done! McCain is a real hero & stood up for Americans yet again (draft dodging loser)!
Let's make it clear you did not win. Senate did not approve. Pence pushed the deciding vote through. That is not a win that is a force.
How? There is no plan. Just to get rid of healthcare that isn't great healthcare. Just hold your rallies. Let the big boys worry about it.
They have Thanked You for What??  Going to Washington to VOTE NO??  We ALL knew you would do that! Maybe u need to be on Obamaidontcare.
Thanks mccain i always knew you werent evil
Or not

Get the government OUT of healthcare! Let the open market work as it does for home, auto and life insurance. The gov't can't handle this!
This is not an easy solution.Let me remind you "banks too big to fail".
Wall Street greed is the problem here.
Pharma and insurance lobbyists are the problem. Are you referring to their wall street trading?
Totally agree with you. I'm referring to all forms of greed, not specifically trading.Also DC is in a urgent need of revamp.
Odd. No one praised the Senator from HI who has Stage 4 Ca. And she came further.
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!
Trump got Chumped!

But he's not a hero, remember? You like heroes who "don't get caught", you draft dodging cowardly jerk.
HAHA
lol
Please Trump be think like human being & be civilized persidant you are a leader of world not only USA.
What is grt?

Isn't this the same person you were saying was not a hero for being captured? #DraftDodger  http://www.politico.com/story/2015/07/trump-attacks-mccain-i-like-people-who-werent-captured-120317 …
It's time to cut the benefits of those pampered Senators&HouseReps!They will never vote for term limits.They don't Represent us have no home
To all Americans? It's clear that you don't know your job!
Oh, NOW rhat Trump had a use for McCain, hes nice to him.
Trump's @gop supporters r RUNNING the other way.
Not with the plan youve got ur not.

Let us know when u come up w/ great healthcare- what u have sux
Yes, Senator McCain, thank you for coming to DC for such a vital vote!  

Karma's a bi*ch Donny Boy!
Yes. Thank you for prying yourself from your taxpayer paid hospital bed to vote to take away healthcare from 10s of millions. #hero #sarcasm
so it looks like your done.
