Get where? He wants full repeal and replace, not Obamacare lite. #PrinciplesOverParty
#StandWithRand @RandPaul #FreeMarketHealthcare 
so, you admit, Party loyalty/well being is more important than the people? Change ur slogan: Make the Paty Great Again.
Screw the party rep/dem, do it for the people!The tax plan sucks for us in the middle class!!!Middle class deserves less taxes,not increase!
Country over party. You're the Pres. Country over party.   Got it?  Omg, you are such a sloooow learner.
For the good of the party?  How about the country?  You "won" - act like it and represent us all.
Good of the Party? What about the good of the people?
have you invited him to golf or offered him a slice of that world famous chocolate cake?
With all due respect sir...he is a Judas. Watch ur back!!!!!
He's a thoughtful, wise person. I hope you take his counsel.
Because Make the GOP Great Again, huh?

Not gonna happen.
What about the good of the people?
What about the good of the country?
You meant, good of the country. Not party, country.
I kinda thought Senators were supposed to think about the good of the *country*, not the party.
For "the good" of #RepublicanParty? Doesn't matter millions would suffer under #GrahamCassidy, cause party is what matters most to you & GOP
I thought you were elected to serve the people not your party?
I hope
Never mind about the good of the country,  I guess.
Party  over country.... USA USA USA USA USA... resign to MAGA BIGLY #FAKEPRESIDENT
You Tweeting that might just be the push he needs to remain a solid "No!"
What about the good for the people.
Mr President as a Cuban American and a Vietnam Vet I salute you and Congratulate you for that great speech at the UN Thank You Sir.
It is not about what's good of the party, it is about what is good for the Republic.
You don't know any one & you have no friends. You confuse acquaintances for friends!!

哈哈
Never liked him or his dad.  He is a Dem but runs Repub to keep his job.
Any Senator or Congress that stands by you will be voted out.
You ment to say "our american family"
that would be a start
#WorstPresidentEver
You don't know RYAN.
I hope you are right President Trump.  Praying for you all.
So glad our glorious leader is focused on serving the interests of the party instead of the people.  #MAGA
Shut up
Mr. President don't trust him. He has done nothing but stab you in the back. He is no good. Keep your enemies close I guess!!
Your party is what is driving this country into the ground
@RandPaul was not elected for 'good of the party' unlike you he works for the American Ppl stands for something could care less what u want.
Yes, he did the right thing for sick Americans in hospitals. Instead of interstate commerce!! Go Rand!!

I hope you're right.
we see him as opportunist and fake.
I believe he just wants to be invited to another golf outing with Potus
For the good health of the American people.
actually, Rand Paul has some good ideas on Health care.
I think the alternative min tax should be lowered not eliminated though. Our country needs that cash flow, no mater how painful.
I know you and the congress will get er' done. Thank you for the things you are doing for our country.
You know Donald, you should stop using main strem media and use #singlestreammedia instead. I think that will get point across better.
Rand will stand his ground.  You're  just trying to be a bully.
Stop lying just cause you say it 10 times doesn't make it true !!! You're a clown .... bozo ... ha, ha ha
Good of the party ... ha ha you just said it DT .... not the country , let your true colors shine .... green ? Right ?
I don't think so ... maybe cause he read the bill , maybe you should too .
 #loserinchief
Thank you 

Wake up Donnie
As elected representatives, shouldn't it be about getting there for the good of the PEOPLE?


What about the good of the PEOPLE?  Shouldn't that be your first priority??
Because Republicans won't do what is good for the people. Party over everything.
It's about the PEOPLE, not the party. Have you forgotten this already, Dotard?
What about the good of America?
For the good of the party?! 
Nah, good for all America! #StandWithRand  
It should NEVER be about "the good of the party."  It should always be about "the good of the people & the country."
I would prefer for the good of the people. Did the good of the Party never trickles down to us.
He's a REAL conservative but RINOs won't budge
Nigerian government are killing christian BIAFRA WE NEED YOUR HELP MR PRESIDENT OF CHRISTIAN BIAFRA, , WE ARE JUST ASKING FOR OUR FREEDOM
he hates you ..the GOP is a trough he dunks in, he hates everything.. and in regards to the party of OligarchsGOP hes right
Nope, that didn't happen. #dotard
nope. yet another loss for donnie "tiny hands" trump
You were going to sign a terrible health bill, shame on you
How'd that workout?
Oh no....poor Donnie lost again
@oldandslow1961 now u r thinking, do not alienate is
Hope so
This is NOT about the "good of the Party." It's about what's right for the people. You are out of touch.
What about for the good of America?
Mr President the Country MUST come first before Party. @SenJohnMcCain @SenRandPauI @SenRand @SenatorCollins are looking for the good of ALL
Rand Paul will do it. He loves his  Country and he is very "Intelligent".
Looks like that didn't work out, did it?  What a deal maker you are!
Why don't we make our representatives suffer under Obamacare as we are. They have nothing to lose, they have excellent healthcare! We don't
I have stage 4 Lung Cancer. Trump Care is my  death sentence. What a negotiater !
Trump ZOMBIE care
PARKLIFE
That's you party over people.
should be thinking about 'for the good of the country' not the party
If only you cared about the good of the COUNTRY
Let's hope not. For the party's sake, not the
Respectfully, I thought that it was about the American people, not a particular party.
What about the good of the people?
Guess again!
Send help to Puerto Rico! They are Americans too! #TrumpResign
Shouldn't the President be concerned more about the good of the country than the good of the party?
Fuck the party, do it for country!
Is there  not one or two democrats that will vote for the good of the people?!?
How about for the good of Americans? #CountryBeforeParty
@RandPaul is appalling. Kentucky relies heavily on ACA. He is sort of practicing a social, immoral genocide..economic pruning for God? SAD.
The good of the Party? what about for the good of the people of our country? u are supposed to be serving us not THE PARTY!!!
Do you realize how mental 'i know Rand Paul' actually sounds?
Rand Paul lost my respect. Just because it's not your plan, doesn't mean you can't vote on someone else's.  #RepealAndReplace #VOTENOW #MAGA
no
OK
How about you "get there" for the good of the COUNTRY. This is not a game, it's people's lives...
do·tard
noun
an old person, especially one who has become weak or senile.
Good of the Party NOT Good of the Nation? You are #UnAmerican
It's the good of the people not the party he should be thinking about.
You don't know anybody you are to arrogant and to selfish dotard! Obama was dad Joe was Uncke Joe and you are the dotard to 100,000,000s us
Good of party over good for the people? Big problem
Rand Paul should only be able to use O'care then ge would want change!
Come on, Comrade Paul! Vote with Party like Leader commands! #JustSayNyet
This is not about a party, it's about life and health of Americans.
He will do his best to get there for the people not the party .
See you have missed the point, it’s for the good of the nation.  Country first, then party!
"For the good of the party"????  How about what's good for the people of this country, trump.  ALL the people!
BWAHAHAHAHA YOU GOT ROLLED ON THAT ONE, DONNIE!!! THANK YOU, RAND, FOR SAVING OUR HEALTHCARE!!! #ACAAllTheWay #SinglePayerNow
It should not be party, it should be COUNTRY!  You are a hypocrite and not a patriot.
All politicians had eight years to fix Obamacare did nothing. Let it fail so when Americans can't afford Obamacare they will ask you to fix
But screw the good of the people
Americans not worried about flag they are worried about war with n.korea and jobs. And racism among cops
The bill sucks period!  You promise healthcare for all. You hold face lie. Bill kick 35 million off heathcare. Stop lying shut up.or put up.
Both dem and GOP health insurance plans stink.
Both deliver half medical money to Insurance industry.
Get insurance fat cats out of medical
What about the good of Americans?  We don't care about your campaign promises.
We dont give a crap about any party except Trump train! They either get on or move outta the way!
You know, huh?  You couldn't unite opposite poles of a magnet (that's a science reference, so have someone explain it to you.)
I guess not lmao!
For the Good of the party? What about for the good of the people?
FREE MARKET HEALTH INSURANCE! Please! "..erase the lines between the states."
Country over party
Giggli Giggle
I see, so repeal is for the good of the party? Not the people?
How about the good of the People Trump ? Your priorities are all jacked up!#TrumpRussiaInvestigation #MuellerTime 
#TrumpLies 
#trumptaxes
Not a chance
This is not about the party!! This is about the people. American citizens. Single payer healthcare for all.
It should not be a give and take, it should be, America need it!!!!!!!
#WhatAboutPuertoRico?
So you're admitting this is about the good of the party, not the good of the American people.
I think @RandPaul is looking out for the good of the country more than party. That’s why I like him and his dad!

What about good of the nation?
Wrong!
For the good of the party but not the nation? You can't ever complain about the Democrats standing together.
Jimmy Kimmel: Senator Bill Cassidy “Got Caught With His GOPenis Out” In Obamacare Replace Bill.
Any chance that 'a way' include bribes? Or at least attempted bribes?
Really Colorado will pay 200% more for health ins. and those with pre-existing conditions will play more how is that good

MCCain is a total Traitor, He said he'd Repeal Obamacare BUT HE WON'T,call his OfficeTwitter has me censored so, if you can please Rt this 
i dont know rand paul, but i can tell hes about whats best for the people and not the party
@RandPaul does he think you're that easy to manipulate? You know this bill is terrible and will hurt even more people. #VoteNoGrahamCassidy
For the good of the party???? What about the people????
Is healthcare about the good of the party or the good of the people?
Tell Rand that sometimes when someone has to do something that's morally reprehensible drinking a lot of whiskey helps ease their conscience
Wat about the good of the people Nobhead?
Wrong
#puertorico
We don't have a 'party' any longer! THey are subjects of the Left, like Shumer and Pelozi, Nazi that is...and most of them are RINOS. Framed
