agreed. You just made the divide wide is all. o_O
I think you mean Obama made it wide with his "Leading from behind" and "Hands off." policy.
nope. Not what I meant.
then what did you mean?
I mean he's grown the divide wider than any other candidate with his fear mongering and racism.
Sterling my man, you've been drinking that MSM news koolaid.
and never accuse me of that. I read tons of sources. Its insulting, typical dismissive behavior.
I dismiss any argument that parrots CNN, don't feel singled out
Trump's band of lost idiots: "I use emotion for the many and reserve reason for the few".   -Adolf Hitler
You have to either a OWG or Capitalism. Do you want America run by the UN. Soros said he'd use all his money to destroy America
I want America to be run by Patriotic Individuals who care about the people not money, power, & racism. Trump is evil & wrong for USA
Trump is caring about the people. America. Soros wants one world government and to destroy America. He put millions into Hillarys campaign
Your comment does not make any sense. Prove what you said. Trump only cares about money & the rich people he is working for. He is a demon
The Special Council if getting all the facts   They are legal attorneys. You wouldn't believe any proof. Your mine is made up.
Clinton is not President, Trump is a sub-human. He's destroying our country, hurting people & the environment. He is Satan's little helper
There may have been some divisions but DJT made it a lot worse. SAD!
but "you" are the moron putting inexperienced personnel in charge of HUD & our educational system. Smh #weirdo
.@realDonaldTrump true or not, you could start to mend the division instead of picking fights online.
big day tomorrow 45.  Congrats.  You deserve it.  Ignore all the other losers comments.
Keep telling yourself that, buddy-o
Probably had something to do with that slavery thing and the on-going oppression of women and minirities (in case you missed it)
you're just helping it stay that way for your own personal gain
You are 100% correct.  Thank you, and God bless you. 
God bless and keep you and your family in His care.
so so true
U sure discriminating against blacks in housing, accusing innocent black boys of rape, & birther conspiracy didn't divide?
thank you for leaving you billion dollar companies to get America back on track,your a true Patriot!God speed Mr President
Thanks for the clarity, Birther in Chief. Yo Franklin, get a job, like all those hard working people who you fleece for your daily bread.SAD
yeah, you didn't divide the country by demanding anyone's birth certificate years ago?
that was started  by the Clinton campaign... http://m.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/aug/22/fact-checking-media-yes-clinton-machine-did-start-/ …
Less talk more fix you've done enough talking. Fix the problem.
What position did you offer him?
thank  you Rev  Graham! And the last 8 years didn't help!
okay. but you took hatred, misogyny, racism and the telling of 1/2 or no truth to the next level.
Trump divided this country, once Trump goes into office it will add fuel to more prejudice acts.
you R delusional no worries Barnum and Bailey the Circus is ready to begin#godHelpUSplz#getrdE44yrcircus#
You did divide it when you refused to condemn but white supremacists.
.@realDonaldTrump pass the buck and quote a pastor because it fits your narrative instead of making any attempt to rectify the situation
 
True that. Obama built that!  Drove racial division thru the  of 
America was build by immigrants from all over the world.America had a lot of racial issues,but we all worked hard to fix it
live in the word..not the flesh.. as hard as that is. It's paramount in order to get this country back in shape
didn't he already do that to you liberals?
you're wrong 
#Trump is illegit!
Sir, Isn't it good, you now have the opportunity to reunite an already divided country.Americans will stand with you,do it.
Yeah....for the 8 years!  Hmmmm....
It was you
but you made it 10 times worse..
.@realDonaldTrump this is how true Americans feel today.
Going from Barack Obama to Donald Trump is like replacing Ramsay’s fettuccine bolognese with a dented can of SpaghettiOs.
Gotta love all these walmart shoppers saying they love SpaghettiO'a

All these Trump supporters basically raising their hand saying "yes I'm a dumb ass."
Yeah. No shocker. Bolognese was definitely too yuge of a foreign word for them.
.@realDonaldTrump yes, he's right. But that doesn't mean you didn't capitalize on that division, making the division even worse. You did.
I agree. Americans are more concerned with his unwillingness or inability to UNITE this country.
.@realDonaldTrump oh angel cakes, you're just so damn good at everything you do! I wish I was as amazing as you. You're just the best. 
my favourite thing is that he bought himself 10,000,000 followers so he would look more popular than Hilary 
and they all want us to buy a mug. Very odd.
75% of his followers are inactive and they think no one will notice. Can't wait to see the merch sale figures! It's insane
What a proud, courageous leader you are, waking up in the morning to blame other people for your mess.
"And, as I take office, remember that America was already fucked so nothing I do matters!"
CAN YOU SAY EXPLOITATION?
TRUMP'S M.O.
You divided it even more. Turning the irrational against the rational. @realDonaldTrump
We try to explain rationale to you leftist but you never wanna listen. :(
Where is the rationale? Why did Trump collude with Russia? How can America be great again if it already is?
Of all the investigations into russia the only person who was connected was tony podesta.
- that makes no sense. Flynn has admitted communicating with Russia. Delusional, much?
Twitter doesn't leave enough characters for me to specify financially connected
- investigation still on going, but Manafort?
Manafort was years prior to the campaign not while the campaign was on going.
I fully expect this from Frank.
His dementia I have heard, is even more advanced than Donald Trump's.
Sad for both. Do either still drive? Lordy, I hope not.
you really should use your #FakeTwitter #Account
to #FalsePraise yourself.

Especially, when #prayTVpayTV #FranklinGraham
takes sides in #Politics reflecting racist intent, hatred
that an abortion clinic #suicidebomber would harbor,
@realdonaldtrump.
Maybe don't quote a man who said, “If Obama is the Antichrist, then Michelle Obama must be the Whore of Babylon." https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/822064153426857984 …
You can tell he's lying no such thing was ever said.

Franklin Graham serves Satan
tomorrow you become president. Time to start acting like it and get off Twitter.
the left would love that. Don't like it? Don't follow him. 
Then  if was never truly united,  please explain "great again" 
@realDonaldTrump
I'll help, when poverty wasn't as high, when there were more ppl farming, when our children excelled in education.
Whose children? those allowed to legally go to any school school they chose? Define "Our" 
@MagaSmith2020
Anyone know what the historical poverty levels have been in America?
the question is why is it so high.  Why is it going up?
So, that's a "no, I don't know." Figures, not wishes, Russian shill.
Why should another illegal benefit when we have homeless vets? Time to end this insanity.
Why would you Tweet that? Looking for someone to blame? It's only you and your hate filled rhetoric, Donald.
Amen!!!
Of course it wasn't you! Barack Obama divided us by age, color, religion & wealth. I have faith you can bring us together!
are you really that gullible
Lordy @Robhannah5 I think she really is.
Have to agree w/Trump here. He's a symptom, not the source of our divided nation. Don't credit him w/more power than he has
Rather than attempting to heal these divisions, though, he has exploited them to gain office.
Absolutely.
No it certainly wasn't.. PEEOTUS just exploited those divisions to get elected by the hyper-gullible racists and anti-Semites and...
Obama is king of anti semites
That is a ridiculous statement.
That is Rev Graham ‘s opinion and he has a right to it!   I don’t agree, and no matter what trump says Tuesday ,  the damage is done!
No dude pretty sure it was you and @RogerJStoneJr
our country has been divided for a while, you're just TnT that is really wedging it apart.
oh.....I think you added a little distance in that divide #kidpotus
this I agree. Prayers , this cannot be in any way a simple task. May God lead you Always.
and it got worse with the former president and HC!
Is that your face? Or did your neck just throw up?
Congratulations and good luck, today is a great day for America!
and since you like whist the said you then believe it.  Predictable response,.   Sad
but your words didnt help when white middle school kids lost 2 hispanic  kids in soccer and their response is build d wall
so what's your plan to unite America
The drug addict Franklin Graham said this & you retweet it? 2 funny bc U r the reason for the hate & KKK rage infecting US
#lie #liar #lies
country as been divided for many years. Doesn't matter who leads our country, the Lord Jesus Christ is in control.
Sorry, I disagree.  You are the divider in chief.
This is TRUE. It started when the Moral Majority invaded our government. Research it.
it is so true. Hopefully you can try to bring this country together
Franklin Graham is a homophobe and a bigot.  Why quote him?
so? You're the most powerful man in the World. That buck stops with you now.
okay Then Fix it
And now the Dems in W. DC!
.i agree.. God chose him according to His purpose.Psalms 75:6-7 and— Daniel 4:17
Just because you say it, doesn't make it true! Especially only one!
You've just elevated the BAD PART.
you just made it even worse #notmypresident
very insightful 
Well Donald you sure didn't help the divide at all!!!
deffo
graham is a fundamentalist freak
YOUR INNAGURATION IS A JOKE IN COMPARISON WITH OBAMA. OBAMA HAD 400K COME CHEER. YOU HAVE MORE PROTESTERS THAN ANY EVER
This country has been divided for a long time, but it was your racism, sexism, and homophobia that split us even farther.
best wishes and may God bless us all
Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord. Follow hard after God and we will be healed. God bless the USA!
like 8 yrs
no you actually brought all the true rascim to the open ill give you that...#blackgunamerica #blackgunntv
uh, yeah. Not like this. Your bullshit politics are fanaticism are pitting  friends against friend, family against family
Very ashamed for grandchildren to have you as President.
you
oh well if he says so it must be true. Who is he again?
. LAST 8 YRS have been like being in prison. Now free to be an American again. Thank you.
You certainly increased the divisions. Remember birtherism?
why are you celebrating that division?
you made it worse
Right and everyone believes that partisan hack! His father yes,him.No
Can I borrow your face for Halloween?
AGREED!
And you certainly are not helping the situation
Oh please..Franklin Graham will do and say anything to hang out with the rich and powerful. He pops up like weeds.
thought u liked taking credit - maybe only for things others have done - you have divided the country - man up !
whatever dude
You're right, this country was divided before you. But you sure aren't doing anything to make it better.
RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA
what you needed validation? Well you asked the wrong person..UR lies and racist words have divided US ..
Today the world is united because of you
congratulations to our new POTUS.  You have my respect and Trust.
Great men lead by uniting people for common good. Small men "win" by any means necessary -exploiting racism and xenophobia
congrats on your election. Good lucky and may god bless
You and yours.
wonder why all the people who claim to dislike you, follow you?  Bet they are jealous, losers much?
don't worry Mr President. These people are ignorant. They can't get around that fact that we want a free country
Thanks to people like the Reverend Franklin Graham.  
So excited for America today! Enjoy President Trump
U brought out worst of us - greed, in fidelity, ignorance, intolerance for the bigots, Klan, Russians. #InaugurationDay
#impeachment
bullshit
you just sent it over the cliff!! Karma, just saying!
the only thing you've ever said that I agree with! But your not helping to fix this divide!
A person (singular) can not divide a country, it takes People (plural) to divide a country. This usually done by HATE GROUP
liar
gang members and thugs have divided america.
Don't kid yourself, YOU divided this nation.  SAD!
He's an idiot too.
It is you that has divided the country, with your rhetoric, if you're really want to unite America, it start's with you.
DONALD TRUMP CONTINUES TO DEVIDE  AMERICA EVERY SINGLE DAY with HIS HATEFUL AGENDA
Maybe, but you are making (have made) it worse so far.
Donald Trump just exploited and worsened the division.
agree 100%
#impeach
fact
AMEN!  YOU WILL BE the GREAT UNIFIER & COMPROMISER! #MAGA  #AmericaFirst
...and you capitalised on that division, isolated minorities whilst pandering to fringe white nationalists
.....since  republicans became the tea party!
I wouldn't concern myself people that won't support you.  Leave it in the hands of the Lord and let him deal it.
I want to unite the country for which
Country was divided by oVomit and his minions.  You had nothing to do with it.  Al Sharpton, oVomit, Jesse Jackson, et al.
He would know wow a black potus really freaked the white nationalist out so much they hired a nazi talking fake white guy
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork.
No. It was you.
yeah - because some people still live with racist, sexist, homophobic ideologies.
no Don, it is you.  Own it.
It was you keeping the lying birther theory alive that divided this country. Congrads DA
Franklin is a rabid racist in the pulpit..he wouldn't be worthy to carry a bucket of his dear departed father's piss.
and you threw fuel on the fire of our discontent and used it for you own personal gain. Drumpf=Corrupt POS
congratulations Mr President,you can make the world a better place to live again,god bless.
Trump is broke! He owes all the foreign companies money. Already doing conflict of interest business deals Trump is crooked
Yes it has, for a very, very long time. Seems many want it that way.
No it wasn't, who care's what Graham says anyway.
everybody hush this country was built on division that still needs rectifying
a country fir the people - not fir the elite in Washington. Sorry you had to see those people on the route on this day
psychotic narcissist speaking in 3rd party....go back to sleep! You don't know what your talking about!
~ You are, again, talking in third-party mode.  Do the other two speak foreign languages that you have to translate?
Well you sure have united us on the issue of your missing tax returns,  thanks Donald
I have the utmost respect for Billy Graham. Sadly his son is a hypocritical political opportunist. His God will punish him.
Yes, we have and you are making it worse. Sad.
love you Mr Trump....stay strong!
Check your sources. They need to have at least some credibility. Franklin Graham? Really?
