Such a bigggg success Donnie!
Love that you stood your ground. If these countries want to board the SS Titanic, fine.
They all ignored him Andrea... he's ruining your country
Which one? Im losing track now...arent they all ruining our country?
nope... Donnie Trump is the main culprit
This whole thing is turning into a joke, and we have a real bunch of winners (sarcasm) running in both parties.
Not so - have you seen this assessment? http://www.smh.com.au/entertainment/tv-and-radio/australian-journalists-searing-assessment-of-trump-strikes-a-chord-around-the-world-in-viral-video-20170709-gx7t5a.html … #25thAmendment #resist
Why should it bother the Australian press what Trump does or doesn't do? Are they pissed cause they cant take advantage of us anymore?
Are you that stupid? The decline of the U.S. is a global tragedy & w/drawal from #ParisAgreement a disaster
There is another angle to this you are not seeing. The U.S. can start their own ecological fund and not fill the coffers of Europe.
They can, but gutting of EPA and tenor of "discussion" indicates no propensity to do so.
Dont think EPA should be gutted but dont think US should be aligned with crazy Europe right now either.
Dummy why they send you to one corner ? Don't you realize no one likes you ?? Even putin was closer this time then when Obama was president
You cant even speak proper English....
Is not speak is write and by the way Trump can't  either 
And you are a bot maybe under putin payroll or trump who knows ???
Probably...whatever you say...its all a joke to me actually.
The Weekly Standard, not exactly liberal, didn't think so. #MAGA #resist #G20Truths #worstpresidentever
Didn't you hear? It wasn't the Russians. Its was the Klingons according to a new leak from an unknown source revealed to the NY Times.
now see if you said Infowars that would be funny because there's truth there. @nytimes hmm no doesn't work @realDonaldTrump
Its all funny...like Nero playing the violin(?) while Rome was burning down...
On the potty AGAIN!
The rest of the world disagrees. Just resign, you dont want to be there and we dont want you there. just quit.
You are not worthy of a boss
So where u fell asleep
Everything that has been stated said you alienated us into a deeper divide WAKE UP AMERICA this guy is a clown
Better we should get ripped off by these countries...as long as we stay their friendship...with money...and more money.
This president has no credibility and lies to the American people! Fake news is generated by his lack of integrity and the thousands lies
Theyre all up to their necks in lies and BS.
Trump is crazy
No mate, it was a disaster.
Pretty much the view from the rest of the press & media worldwide. He cut a lonely and isolated figure. Hasn't got the IQ for the big table
He was way out of his element, surrounded by people he could not intimidate or influence.  They saw him for what he is and moved past him.
I was waiting for him to start handing out copies of his electoral college map.
He and Ivanka treated this like vendors at a trade show. I'm surprised he didn't hand out hotel brochures and she give samples of lotion.
What the hell was Ivanka even doing there?
None of your Canadian business.
Wow, we seem to be developing a real anti-Canada thing all of a sudden.
Why don't you tell us how...
You were an embarrassment.  No one wanted to talk to you. You were isolated and shunned. Can't say I blame them
He chose who he wanted to talk to...and what good is massaging the massive egos of these political talking heads who just want your money?
What money?
True...wonder what it will be like camping out in the shed after they get thru with us.
Lets see who has the last laugh....
Glad to see you doing what you said you would.

Oh, you mean like how Google and Apple and Amazon pay practically no taxes? Like that?
I think that's gonna change real soon....
Bless your heart. Back the wrong horse much, do you?
No, do you?
They all laugh at you bro
Were you looking into the mirror when you said this?
awe cute, a Trump fan that figured out the internet. Adorbs
Talking about yourself and your own personal experience?
#ImpeachTrump 
#ImpeachTrump 
#ImpeachTrump 
#ImpeachTrump 
#ImpeachTrump 
#ImpeachTrump 
#ImpeachTrump 
#ImpeachTrump
You're great Mr. President. We must tear down the EU. It's ruining freedom in all countries.
Was shameful
It was an unqualified disaster. Claiming otherwise confirms what most of us believe. We did in fact elect the Village Idiot  president of US
The G 20 Summit was a great success for the U.S. - Explained that the U.S. must fix the many bad trade deals it has made...
There he goes again: the G20 was not a "great success" for us.  Trump simply does not understand how trade works to mutual advantage. Alien.
Why should he make horrible deals with countries that owe us money? The U.S. isn't the Bank of America for Europe political agendas.
Praying for you, Mr President!

May God bless you and grant you wisdom!
You were the laughing stock of the Summit.
He couldsee all the mockery on Twitter if he dared look but he won't.
Who cares?
You, meanwhile, are a great failure to the US!
Other world leaders LAUGH at you!
They know what we know:
YOU PALE IN COMPARISON TO OBAMA!
This is how the world sees you, #loserTrump!
You will be forever known as unpopular and FAILING!
Yes....we need those tariffs on China where you and Ivanka produce ur products!!
Gotta admit...you have a point here. But I think he did it as a political move to get China on our side against North Korea.
For sure. But China is playing good cop-bad cop, tending theyre the good cop.
#alternativefacts It's all you want to know.  So sadly removed from reality.
You embarrassed America again.
Donald, you explained nothing. You sat alone and other leaders looked at you in contempt or like a pathetic and confused old man, Now: G19
You must have Trump confused with your father....
Welcome back illegitimate president
Congratulations, you turned the g20 into the g19.
No, he changed it into the G1...where American comes first, not Angela Merkel.
L'esprit de l'escalier
Et tu.
Not it was not a success for US. You actually are destroying America 1 international blunder after another. The trip was an #epicfail
The only thing Trump destroyed was the delusion Europe has that the U.S. is the Bank of America, ready to fund whatever they want.
Bush 43 WH ethics lawyer on NYT story/Donald Trump Jr. and Kushner meeting with Russian lawyer: “This borders on treason” via @MSNBC
Actually, the democrats set this whole meeting up...
Thank God we elected @realDonaldTrump ! #Hacking
Hillary would have fit in so well with May and Menkel...she would have sold this country to the highest bidder.
Liar. The G20 summit marked the end of USA as a reliable partner, thanks 2 UR sabotage & authoritarian stile
No it marked Germany and France as being unreliable partners...
Failed, delusional "president." When will you spare us all and resign? Especially, since this spineless @GOP Congress will not impeach.
They're all laughing at you. So stupid, everyone just tells you what you want to hear and then does what they want. You're no dealmaker.
So what exactly did you do? Your measures of "success" leave me with more questions than answers.
Ivanka sit in YOUR SEAT. NEPOTISM AT ITS APEX!
God damn do you believe your own bullshit#lochhimup
Saw video footage of you aimlessly wandering alone since other foreign leaders are embarrassed to be seen with you. Good job!!!  : /
It will get done...as soon as you are out! #OneAndDone #FakePOTUS
I would be very interested to hear the plans for Canada - U.S. trade, within reason, of course. I understand if this isn't possible, as well
You did the greatest representation of the USA @POTUS as did @FLOTUS
Good job President Trump!
Define success
trumps fantasy land. While the world turns it's back on him as he uncomfortably wonders around the room looking for a photo op. Embarrassing
G20お疲れ
though we have lost our leadership position in the world . btw, you mean the G19
That you will
Did you get enough sleep?
great one made at G20 between Japan-EU, they say historic. Opens Japanese markets wide for EU at expense of US manufacturers. Good job!!!
The USA officially lost it's title as Leader of The World because of your stupidity. Trump fans YOU are all the losers!!
You were marginalized and shoved to the side, nearly all agree. No leadership 
bla bla bla bla...........19 against 1: what a great dealmaker you are......hahahahahaha
FYI G20 silence on imprisoned & death of Nobel prize Liu Xiaobo will not erase him any more than Nazi's 81 years ago.
Mr.President: PLEASE continue your policies and actions. We support you and your draining the swamp. Respectfully, Dr. Richard Hergenrather.
You were mocked by other members for being disinterested, clueless and arrogant. We are no longer a force thanks to you.
I wish Obama could have run again
Yep it was, you turned it into the G19. America now isolated and alone on climate change and trade. How bad can it get for the US?
Why are you and your minions the only ones who believe this?
Thank you Mr. President!
G19. You were a cypher
Get it done.
Ivanka was not elected and should not have sat in for you. You are a failure as President.
#NOTMAKINGAMERICAGREAT
This is bull. You were ostracized. Just read some foreign news reports on your wonderful visit. The US is quickly losing the world's respect
Maybe the rest of the world is losing our support and respect because they have been screwing us over the last 8 years.
Funny, I heard that everyone ignored you. And you couldn't even manage to book a room. You're the laughing stock of the world.
You heard rumor mongering promoted by democratic mouthpieces. These countries are all floundering economically...
You looked lonesome, orange boy, like no one wanted to be photographed talking to you. Also, I think you fell asleep at the conferenc table.
Will the UK get a bad trade deal?

It would be better for the USA for you to represent Russia and let a real American represent US. #ITMFA
And yet we are ONLY country against Climate http://agreement.You 're talking nonsense & also had difficulty staying awake
Success?  You are bringing about the decline of America.

Not for you, you were a laughing stock outsider, the G20 is now referred to as the G19, GET A CLUE!
Right......I think that you and America have a different definition of success.
DID U RENT OUT IVANKA TO THE CHINESE PRES. DID HE GRAB HER BY THE ....UNDER THE TABLE. LOOKS LIKE SHE WAS COMING
You should be D.C. Snowflake
The G20 was a great embarrassment for the USA. We are no longer considered the leader of the free world. All your doing in just six months!
No, we are leader for us...not for them. Its not our job to lead them or fund them.
 It was a great success, that's  b/c we had you & Melania there. We love you all 
U got SHUT OUT at G20!!! Europe made deals without u!! And they wouldn't even let u in the center of the picture!! U looked so pissed! Lmao!
You'll get done all right..The way that you and your clan has screwed everything else up that you've touched..Just Sit..Don't do anything..
Should I break out the handcrank ice cream maker?

Lotta good pics of you sitting by yourself, being ignored on the world stage. So different from how much respect Obama got from these folks.
Did anyone listen?
No, @realDonaldTrump you got screwed, as usual! EU created great trade deals w/ Japan while you were fellating Putin for #TrumpRussia help!
resign traitor
Agreed. So tired of "free" trade not being fair trade.
Considering you sitting all alone and being told off about the trade demands you made, I'd say you made yourself look like the fool you are
G 19
Right you'll fix it what between complaining Comey the bullshit you are passing on to your staff to pass to the US and your treats and TV
G19
Stand alone president didn't get anything done.
滚犊子
Yes, successfully underlined what a fool you are, USA a mockery
It's no longer G20, because of you it's technically  G 19
Good!
Very proud of you Mr. President!! MAGA!!
i think world look for help with this
Bullshit.  Nobody wants to negotiate with a powerless twit like you. #MakeAmericaGagAgain
Dude. Meds. Take them.
Success for the U.S.? Under your leadership the other countries now know the U.S. now no longer matters.
If isolationism is desired, then yes, great trip.
You have greatly diminished our standing in the world order. Make the G19 great again.
Agree sir!!  America First.... then other countries, even allies.  Hoe can you help others when your country is falling apart??
It is clear you prefer Vladimir to the dignity of your own people.
A success in YOUR mind! Keep pushing your Russia lies...it's almost over!
Yes it was a great success everyone knows it so of course the media has to put a story out about Donald Jr to bring it back to Russia
Sure, Donnie. We believe you 
The H20 was a shining moment for you! Shining Putin's Knob......
The other leaders seem to read it as a great Summit for 19 countries.
We know it will!!!
Go DJT God speed my President
#AlternativeAnswer : I went to #G20 and made no trade deals. Everybody talking about #JohnPodesta. #NotMAGA
G19 now. Global reports show our former friends no longer want to work with you. You just have China keys to the car.  We've lost.
You mean you figured out how make more money for yourself
Get over it fake news!!!
HOLY CRAP! ARE YOU FULL OF IT.
Your not on the apprentice your are in the PEOPLES OFFICE an you are an embarrassment t to this great country.
You are the only bad deal we made. Step down.
We'll be an island that nobody will trade with. Great legacy
REALLY? DID THE CHINESE AGREE TO GIVE US BACK OUR MFG. EQUIPMENT AND MATERIALS THEY STOLE VIA CLINTON? OR R WE GOiNG TO KEEP BUYING IT BACK?
USA USA!  Thank u president T
U.S. is no longer a leader!

We all know it was not a success we saw you sitting alone they thought you unworthy you have shamed America and all she stood for
All this will do is put $ in you and your cronies pockets, while screwing the American public. Bravo!
Doesn't look successful to me.
Little boy lost is what you looked like.  You lose, again.  25th Amendment    #TrumpRussia
The G20 is now THE G19 
@realDonaldTrump is so inept none of the 19's consider him relevant
I wonder who made thous  bad dill let me gess
30years of bad deals lolo
Are we winning yet
Making America Isolationist Again is in no way a success.
Hail to the Chief!
Please fix our terrible trade deals! We can no longer allow our industries to be outsourced hollowing out our economy
Another imbecile lie no one believes played out in front of the public, but your own eyes & the press are "fake news." Only Trump has truth!
You are not going to get anything done!!
G20-1 you mean???
The bad deal is that you're president you traitor
Success???  From leader to odd country out.  America first because no one will follow.  #pathetic. #MAGA #freedom #TeaParty #putinPuppet
yes, I love the photo of you sitting alone, ignored by all the others! SUCCESS!! Angela M agrees!! #whinerPrez #ineptPOTUS
Do all the countries that got screwed by the US in free trade agreements also get the chance to fix them too?
The G 20 Summit was a great success for the U.S. - Explained that the U.S. must fix the many bad trade deals it has made. Will get done!
You really stand up for America dont you? Denouncing one thing after the other in US instead of portraying the US as a strong Country? Why?
No isolation protection for us
Donald, you're delusional again. Put this warm compress over your eyes, it will all be over son. #InvokeThe25thAmendment @Cabinet @FBI @DOJ
If by "great success" you mean "humiliating disaster where our allies confirmed they no longer trust America to keep its word", then yes! 
#25thAmendmentNow
Too bad this shitstain of the Kenyan Muslim Brotherhood was stalking you during the whole G20. Obongo still thinks he's president.

Pathetic
Hiw about a big FU
You are the only 'leader' at the summit that thinks that. Must be nice to be a narcissist.
So much for "winning"
.@realDonaldTrump now referred to as G19. You couldn't lead your way out of a paper bag.
En español
For you it was a great failure. Hate to say it, you will never fit in with the Global Elite. Bilderberg likes Ivanka & Obama better than you
Not if you are negotiating!  You embarrassed the US again!
Only Donald attacks his own country then becomes friendly with our known opposition.
You made an Embarrassing Jackass out of yourself-Americans are cringing...
if you look at the photos closely, you can see world leaders laughing at you
You're not fooling anyone.
We know that you will get it done, Mr. President.
Success, really, you alienated us even more
https://twitter.com/ALT_uscis/status/882711815691567107 …
You looked like the bozo you are the whole time
You wish.
We are a joke because of your ineptitude.
Other countries are calling it the G-19.
You will destroy relationships and isolate the US.
