I'm sure there will be a very diverse crowd there
Yes ma'am! I think that pic is actually in the dictionary next to "white trash", "racists", "inbred", and "crackers".
Lol! I wish we could just build a wall around these losers and forget they exist!
am wondering why people comments on every step trump doing. people of usa elected him and let them step him down if they don't like his policy.
RUSSIA ELECTED HIM! WERE TRYING TO GET HIM OUT!
Why, have you run out of viagra and you can’t find any one to sell you some!!?v
Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it!...
::

L
Sir, there is no shame in leaving a job that does not fit your skills and personality. History will count your resignation as magnanimous.
At least you won't be in my state. Thank God 4 that!
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAH
Please have a rally in hell and stay there;)
With a STROKE of luck it will be the last... LOL
https://twitter.com/sophiacannon/status/832861313336561664 … 

America, you in danger girl.
Men who held rallies after they were democratically elected:
Mussolini
Hitler…
I can understand you not liking him Sophia - but to compare him to Hitler and Mussolini, is quite simply unfair, untrue and unwarranted.
Point is that, once elected, further rallies are against the limitations of your office. In other words, to reduce the democracy afforded by the system that elected you; to bring it, and its protections, down under weight of numbers.
Which is what he is not doing.
Yet
on the golf course your afraid  to face your own people
Son If your that free could you burn my chemistry text book
Blimey., Trump ur fired.,! Wakaka..,
They should just stack of pile of hams in the corner with a wig on it at the #WHCD
True true
Why are you still holding rallies? You're President, shouldn't you focus on more important things - or is this about basking in applause?
Not enough for you that our President accomplished a whole lot more & more important things in 100 days than previous presidents in 8 yrs???
He has effectively put us back 40 years by undoing the EPA and being oblivious to climate change, hope you choke on it
You'll choke with us Ms/Mr Whatever! husein o. put America back 100 years allowing terrorists and other zombies to hate our flag & country!!
YAHOOOOO!!!! IMMA GET ALL FIVE OF MY FRIENDS FOR THIS HOOTENANNY! I GOT MY MAGA HAT AND MY LOCK HER UP SHIRT!!!! YAHOOOOO!!!!
If it weren't working hrs, we cld all do shots every time we see GOP whiners say Soros, Hillary, Podesta or emails. Then post drunk selfies.
Why the need for a rally? I thought you tweeted that the election is over!
It's about his first 100 days!! #MAGA 
I know. He needs all the help he can get.
Well he's got to get his affirmation somewhere! So he can spread his own version of "fake news" - I'm so bored of him!!!!
He's not actually, I laugh and mock from far, far away! And feel sorry for Americans everywhere that he has made your great nation a joke! 
no wall, Obamacare continues, as does planned parenthood and sanctuary cities! Who just got shellacked? Not that he needed any more colour!
Typical Trump voter.
Fundraiser for the NRA? #resist
I'm so glad your doing that you made my day. Your going to be one of our great Presidents
You should be at the reporters correspondences banquet but you are to afraid to go as you can dish it put but can't take it.
Who gives a flying fuck?
Betsy is coming! #NRAAM2017
heil Trumpy! Wave those Russian flags. Meanwhile Press Corps will be laughing about how you mangle English
Will you be bringing your fellow sexual predator O'Reilly to back you up like you supported him? Sexual predators stick together, right?
Or you could just attempt to do something productive instead of getting a herd of mullet wearing, cross-eyed morons to stroke your ego.
lmao
Probably partly sponsored by Doritos and Duck Dynasty.
And Mt dew
lmao
Too afraid to go to the Correspondents' Dinner? Avoiding because the truth will hurt your feelings? Rally makes you feel fuzzy inside. Truth
I know you'll be celebrating the government shutdown right?
Don't leave Kansas out..
You poor insecure man, you weren't hired to stroke your own ego.
Will it be, and I quote, BIGGLY?
ralley for a losing 100 days. You set the promises stating 100 days. Now the 100 day mark is rediculous cause you failed. FFFFFFFFFF
President Bannon is sending you to another rally?
I will pass and to be honest u should too. This is not the time to rally, the election is over. U won. Now do the job.
Why are you still holding rallies? Weird.
Election season is OVER. Time to govern now! Rather than rallies, why not work on appointing the people needed to actually RUN the govt!
Just how BIG? I mean will it be the BIGGEST? Maybe even the BEST? Possibly the BEST BIGGEST? #BIGnews #POTUS #REALFAKENEWS
Please stay out of my state
Your failure 2face reality/2 work 4 the people is a very sad day for Americans and the world. USA is no.1 polluter & climate change denier!!
BIG! wow. Do your job in DC, or presidency not so important for a guy who lost on popular vote? I see.
I've got a better idea - hold it in Nuremberg.
WHY?!?!?!
Knees shake while bold ink rails silver-worded shit.
A huge orange pig will be on display at the Pennsylvania Farm Show Complex & Expo Center in Harrisburg at 7:30 p.m. next Saturday. #Resist
God no, arent ypu tired of stroking your inflated ego
You should be at the Correspondent's dinner you big wuss
stop complaining that people hold rallies against you while you're still holding rallies yourself #TheResistance
shouldn't you be averting a war instead of feeding your ego?
Because you need to FEED your ego!
Next Saturday night will be watching SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE!!  And lmfao at you!!  Sucker
Or, just hear me out, you could actually DO something. A rally??!?! Really??!?!
Infrastructure - Fail
The Wall - Fail
Muslim Ban - Discrimination
Repeal Obama Care -Fail
Tax Reform - Fail
Most dysfunctional president!
Another rally!? It is campaigning time again already? And are Americans paying for these rallies that have no purpose!?
Why do u need a rally? Election is over.  Your own words a week earlier.  Publish your taxes
The election is over - there is no need for rallies!
You trying to get your ratings in the VERY TRUE polls up? @jaketapper @CNN
Next Saturday I'll be watching SNL skewer you.
Quit campaigning! NEWS FLASH! (UNFORTUNATELY) YOU WON!
Can't wait PRESIDENTTRUMP
I truly do miss your Rallies! 
you and Support you 100%
#MAGA  #MOAR 
THE BIG BABY SCARE TO GO TOO CORRESPONDENCE DINNER!!! SAD! GOING TO RALLY HIS SHEEP!!!
Why not try to be a president instead?
Sorry I have plans, will be watching the white house correspondences dinner, will be hilarious. You should tune in, bet you get a mention
What City...Specifics, Please...Or Are There NO SPECIFICS ???
Why do you need a rally you are no longer running for office #awful100days
Pathetic.
Election was November, 2016. You won. Get a grip.
Are you so insecure that you are having a rally at the same time as #WHCA dinner, figuring media will cover you instead of them? #NerdProm
Stop campaigning and do the job you were elected to do
Will SOMEONE please tell President Dumbfuck the election is over and his Circle Jerk rallies serve no purpose other than to feed his ego. 
Just like Nuremberg! I can't WAIT. #Idiocracy
You gotta tell me where!  Beaver Falls?  Skytop?  I'll be in Lock Haven, ready to dart.
Obama had a rally there with a crowd so large you could see it from space. I hope you can see the space station from there. Makes you Even?
wish I could be there.
the only way to have your words unfiltered
It will be small and of paid attendees. Stop lying.
It will be great!!!
y tho?
Is this "big" in TrumpWorld or for real BIG?? Just asking. Betting small with claims of bigly.
Don't blame ya ...! Nothing but Leftist Propaganda Machines patting each other on the backs for betraying Mankind .. No rally just Party !
You are a child that needs adulation to bolster your self worth.  Try staying in DC & learning about the policies you want to change.
Can you call my manager I MUST be at your #Pa rally? She refuses to let me take off . I'm working 7 days straight doubles
used the money for meals on wheels instead.
rallies are only for your narcissistic reward. It's pathetic
coward.
We'd be honored if you skipped it for Mar-A-Lago. No one wants your stink of failure anywhere near our fine state.
I'm there through TV... good job Mr President!!
You are the only president who still needs rallies AFTER being elected to stroke your YUGE ego.
Will it be taking place in a bierhalle of some sorts?
Another rally?  What?  Couldn't get a tee time?
You need to call out the Spineless & Weak @GOP Leadership for not getting Health Care, The Border Wall & Tax Reform Done!!
@SpeakerRyan & @SenateMajLdr need to be replaced with people that can lead and get things done or Republicans will lose control of Congress
Where? Where? I am not a paid protester and I will come and hold my antiTrump signs!
Because you are a chicken. That requires adoration instead of reality.
Why
Don, stop running away and run the fucking country, would you? (please)
Your rally's should be over, try governing
I hope no one attends. But your racist buddies will prob show up. Enjoy yourself while you can.
Too chicken to attend the WHCD?  Ha! Ha!
Is it time to campaign already?  I need another option for president please.
Will there be puppy treats?
Proud of you, Sir!  Go for it!
We The PEOPLE NEEDS To Rally your ASS OUT OF the White House
Why does Trump need all these rallies?  Surely now that he's elected he should be just getting on with the job.
Rally for what?  And how much is this costing me?  But we can't fund meals on wheels, huh?  WRONG!
what is wrong with you? Enough rallies, the party's over. Bigly over!
Why?
Can't wait
You are already the president. No need for a rally. Please spend the time on productive endeavors.
Do you ever work? Between all your rallies and playing golf, what do you do?
@realDonaldTrump i will join you! Always support you! 
You've got an OZ Complex: They call you Wonderful at your pathetic rallies, so that makes you wonderful, as in Wicked.
Previous presidents didn't hold rallies. They worked. They had respect for the position & respect for the country. PA doesn't want you.
Please quite campaigning   The elections over
Because you are too wimpy to attend the White House Correspondents Dinner...Coward!
You just can't live without applause can you?  No internal self-worth.
I live among you, well disguised.
I placed my bet that under a hundred show. Thanks for making me rich again. Loser.
You'll spin 1st 100 days >EPA made pollution legal. It's also legal for investors to cheat me. Drones kill civilians,babies
guess you narcissistic ego needs a boost and you must get some cheers from supporters rather than GETTING LAWS past maybe you need more golf
Scared of the Press, are we little Donnie?
Looking forward to not seeing you.
Another rally? How about you hold a big day of work instead. Do your damned job!
That is awesome! Relax and enjoy.
Will you have nice chocolate.cake?
Stay home!WE DONT WANT YOU HERE!!!!!
Narcissist is what narcissist does: no-show at the dinner where you'd be roasted to attend a rally where your ego will be worshiped.
Impressive spelling twumpty dumpty.  Now try spelling the word "tap" again.
Can you stop spending our money on rallies to feed your ego and trips to Florida for golfing?! The election is over - stay in Washington!
A "rally"? Umm isn't it you who keeps pointing out the election is over?
Look for violent liberals especially young snowflakes to riot and attack Trump supporters then blame it on us.
Think more people will show up than at inauguration? Or at least more than your meeting with the Patriots? #irrelevant
God , grant me the serenity too survive this trump shit !
Isn't the election over?
we don't want you here!!!!!
STOP wasting tax payers monies!!! No more rallies!! Newsflash.... you already won!!!
Hope you always go to the people @POTUS.
He's feeding his ego and wasting money. The weekly trips to Florida are also wasting money. If Obama were doing this, GOP would be furious.
that is stupid. I'm afraid you cannot manage much else but getting praise/applause. #unpresidential
You are so needy!  Can't stand being roasted, have to go get some adoration and cheering!  #100daysofshame

You're only doing this bc you have no sense of humor and you hate when people laugh at you. But you're such a joke!

why are u holding rallys? how about holding some press conferences?
I would drive my car into a mine field instead of going to any rally that your holding.
I truly do not understand the need for a rally, why are you holding a rally? Shouldn't you be concentrating on your current presidency?
Who cares. Will you pay people to attend? You've done it before. Your "fake audience makes this another lie. Look forward to  impeachment.
You spend more time rallying and golfing.. oh and boasting and speaking incomplete sentences. Ur not capable of being president.
Rallies bring money 2the base!  As any politician MUST do-make money for the party!The President is NO exception!  Obama would just steal it
Most presidents wouldn't be leaving DC till they were assured we had a budget. Not the DONALD! Someone better give you a job description
You are a little late, the Barn Yard animals were at the Farm Show in January.
A rally?Only a tiny man has a constant need for affirmation. Tiny hands,tiny brain, tiny... well u know they say about tiny hands.
You're failing BIGLY, so you need to have a crowd applaud and cheer you to make you think you matter. Tell 'em you're screwing them BIGLY??
I'll be watching #SNL
I'm sure it's going to be much bigger in your head then it actually is in the number of attending
But, but... I thought the election was over?!
Why in God's name do you need another rally? Are you that insecure? Or just that big of a Narcissist?
THE ELECTION IS OVER!
.@realDonaldTrump Looking forward to it!
did #PresidentBannon approve this tweet?
So you don't believe in celebrating the First Amendment at the White House Correspondents Dinner? Or are you just afraid you're not funny?
We all laughed at Lord Farquaad in Shrek. Poor guy over compensating with BIG towers and BIG rallies. You are a living cartoon character.
4things YOU NEED TO BE CAREFUL OF! #1JERROD#2YOUR OWN CABINET#3 THE 25TH AMENDMENT#4an the BIGGEST IS P.RYAN!
WE NEED THE REAL DONALD BACK!
Wasn't so bigly, huh?
Why are you still campaigning..do your job
You'll hold a rally ..but not one open to all your constituents ..won't step foot in NYC either..something wrong??
need a little self adoration do you
