Not a treaty! #ParisAccord Invalid agreement......senate never approved 

Obama wanted to circumvent Congress 

We have NO obligation
It's not a treaty, so the Senate didn't have to ratify it. It's a non-binding agreement that Trump could have ignored without pulling out.
You're right that we had no obligation to obey Obama's clean energy promises, but we should have, to show leadership. Trump rejected Paris…
…to appease his supporters & to spite liberals. That's all there is to this charade. He's reversing Obama's achievements to spite liberals.
Elections have consequences
Anytime foreign governments won't renegotiate a deal means they know it is a bad deal.
That doesn't make sense. Nobody wants to renegotiate #ParisAccord because it took so long to get everyone to sign on the first time.
The commitments each country makes are voluntary. There's no penalty if the US doesn't meet our goals, except for embarrassment of failure.
How much did you benefit personally, I wonder, from this suicidal deal?
He got retweeted by Donald Trump. Isn't that reward enough for an aspiring Republican? 

He has really small hands for a tall guy.
Jim you're right. But can't debate it here. Too many haters who don't listen to facts.
What do you think the facts are? Serious question. #ClimateChangeIsReal
You must be a Trump puppet. More jobs are happening & growing because of slowing down global warming!
"a bachelor's degree in economics" <- i could've guessed but i don't have to (thank you @Wikipedia) ... @Jim_Jordan -> ecology over economy.
your tweeted statement's true only if u have no faith in America's ability to innovate. do u have no faith in America's ability to innovate?

The longer we wait to reduce our emissions, the hotter the planet gets, and the faster sea levels rise. I'm sorry you don't understand that.
I couldn't agree more with our President
Now we've joined the ranks of Nicaragua and Syria. And no one else. It's our own smoggy island. That everyone else stays away from.
Short-term pain for long-term gain...& a potential leg up on green industries; Trump disenfranchised us from a fast-growing industry.
He has also endangered our children's health/future. Not everything is about making as much money as possible right now.
Such a liar and good party stooge. Renewable energy jobs: More than 500,0000 and growing. Coal jobs; 50K and shrinking.
When even Exxon and GE say this decision was bad - that should tell you something.
Exacty
Had it hurt us so far?
Thank you for your support!
See u at the next townhall Jim. U might b surprised by the backlash. Then where will u stand if u feel ur reelection is threatened?
Clean energy will provide jobs/science of future. Germany, France China, etc know. Fortunatly, US companies arent as dumb as US  politicians
Which "clean energy" are you talking about? Solar/wind,battery power? Have you ever heard of 'cold fusion'? $$ are the real power to control
Any clean energy ideas should be put before POTUS. Leave out the ones that were tried and failed. No wants China's air.
Now let's get behind @POTUS on tax reform in the House.
Clean energy will provide jobs/science of future. Germany, France China, etc know. Fortunatly, US companies arent as dumb as US  politicians
The only thing Germany & France knows is how to elect worthless socialists & how to let Muslims over-run their country. 

@realDonaldTrump
We will remember all Trump supporters long after this administration leaves office.
False. Plus, it was entirely voluntarily. Why pull out?
dang...An actual Republican supporting President Trump.. Bout time!! Thank you...
Yea
Renewing America's commitment to more 18th & 19th century technologies? Ignorance is strength! You suck.
Why has gvmnt kept the cold fusion technology under wraps so we cannot use it? There are intelligent alternatives beyond solar/wind power.
Nothing conservative in Republicans kicking jobs out-of-state in exchange for bribes:
OH is 7th worst state for business.
Siphoning liquor taxes to GOP cronies @WhyOhio: A #kleptocracy wet dream!
You need to correct GOP to DNC. No Republicans been arrested for liquor kickbacks, but plenty Democrats are
Taxation without representation is Kasich's @WhyOhio #kleptocracy
How much money did you get from Exxon?  You are all a bunch of sell outs and we will not tolerate the downfall of America.
How would a non binding agreement do that?
Bullshit. It is non binding
Keep telling yourself that.
2 Thessalonians 3:3
But the Lord is faithful, who will establish you and guard you from the evil one.
"even Russia is choosing to remain in the Paris Climate Accord"
@realDonaldTrump wow you all parrot almost the same tweet. Did @realDonaldTrump blackmail you?
#Like
Help POTUS with Tax Reform and Building the WALL.
Please don't re tweet everyone of these!
You are obviously a very sophisticated thinker Jim.
yes PresidentTrump Absolutely did the right thing Now the countries that don't comply will feel their "uncompliance" big time
Lol...... welcome to Russia ?
#MAGA
# Impeach Pahrump Now !
yeah, those dumb CEOs of Apple, Exxon, Google...they just don't know how to grow a successful company.
It means they lose subsidies they shouldn't be getting for research on issues that don't exist.
Finding renewable and sustainable sources of energy to replace the use of finite sources is not an issue? Clean air & water are not issues?
They are. That's not what this agreement is about.
So an agreement to reduce carbon emissions by reducing the use of fossil fuels has no effect on those things?
That's not really what it was about. That was just to get it passed.
What? You can't just leave that hanging!! What was it about?
Redistribution of wealth to 3rd world countries.
Yes
@realDonaldTrump 

Yep G-6 now rules the world.
Pressure off us.
Nicaragua and is our new leader.
Hopefully America will do the right thing and remove the terrorist from the WH
You do know it's not a treaty right?
whoooo giiiiivessss aaaaaa fuuuuuckkkkk iffffff theeeeresssss noooooo pllaaaannnetttt tooooo liiiiiveee onnnnnnnnn
I believe jim Jordan is going to get voted out
Actually it hurts them & here's why
BREAKING: Arnold Schwarzenegger has a blunt message for Donald Trump. #ParisAgreement 

Trump's cabinet offers a postgraduate-level course in ass-kissing.
Good grief,  yes the environment is important, removing ourselves from the treaty does not mean the US stops environmental clean up!
Then why are the leaders of America's greatest companies in such violent disagreement with the President's decision?
Perhaps because they are globalists, enjoy keeping
 profits in other countries w/ lower corporate tax rates & have financial interests there
If our tax rates were competitive w other nations the companies would invest more in US and repatriate $--POTUS needs to focus on tax reform
If both houses will support his tax plan them we as a nation can get somewhere.
I have ocean front property in Nevada but I can sell you.
Yeah well it's hurting the planet. Is no America or workers without the actual planet. So all you guys that support him are idiots.
American companies are some of the biggest problems when it comes to climate change issues. Some of the biggest polluters & liars about it.
RT @Jim_Jordan: President Trump did the right thing by withdrawing us from Paris treaty - it would hurt American compani...
I totally disagree with you...
Today's Republican party is the MOST selfish in our history.  On the other hand, when Mar-a-Lago is underwater, I'll be giggling.
OFCOURSE HE DID- NOW PLS MAKE THE GOP RALLY AROUND THIS AWESOME PRESIDENT!
Better save them than the planet. So much for calling you all leaders.
WHO'S THE
   "GREATEST NEGOTIATOR?"
PRESIDENT DONALD J.TRUMP
You are declaring war against Tuvalu and the Maledives. Shame on you! Resign !!
No we're declaring war on the global elites who are using propaganda to convince the people of the world into going back to feudalism.
Climate change is a fact,no propaganda! You already see a record summer after another.Burning coal means sink Tuvalu
You are mixing weather with climate. El Nino is just weather, although it's more often
Weather over time is climate. A large el nino event creates a micro climate change.
Yes and Carbon Dioxide creates a major one!
You obviously didn't read the testimony from UAH. All models fail because they include GHGs.
Remember when Trump signed a letter to Obama supporting Climate Agreement and that it would help business ?
Yeah screw the planet as long as Trumps minority in numbers base has coal jobs..wonder how their kids are gonna feel in 20 years
Very intelligent and mature response..carry on
Classy and mature to the end ..have a nice day

The demonstration began after today's announcement. People are concerned about the lack of US leadership jeopardizing the whole planet. 
How exactly would it hurt American workers? There are millions of jobs being created by renewable energy. Need coal to create wind turbines.
So shortsighted. Without a friendly climate, there will be no life, no workers, no business...  #climatechange #ParisAgreement
Good luck with that re-election Jim.
yeah you're just as greedy you don't care about American workers you just care about yourself
How???
#FacePalm
I am so proud of our President for standing tall on the issue s that effect American s!
80% of Americans disagree with that assessment
Wow he is a really good business man. Drop out then try to fix it. Would make sense to me if I was stupid.
By what anecdotal or empirical evidence are you basing this on?
What good is any of that going to do if there's nothing left in this world for future generations??
Absolutely false! Very very wrong.

It was also voluntary, so what's your point?
Youre damn right he did.
Sign that You are hit maturity.should respect differences Republican leader's An absalate wanste for time Russia hackers leaker's over,cycle
Welcome to a vary exclusive club. Time to make friends with #Syria and #Nicaragua, the only other countries not in the #ParisAgreement
I don't care - we need to save the planet. Plus you are wrong.

His budget plan broke how many promises made to American people. But the one promise he wants to keep hurts the earth.
Jim you're gone in 2018
So? Sacrifice is necessary to save out planet
What about breathing pollution? Would that hurt American workers?
this is a lie.    It was a non binding agreement.    The green industry is responsible for a million jobs
It's REALLY "bigly sad" when the president is so insecure he has to retweet support trying to prove he did the right thing.
What is small minded person you are
How about prioritizing?  Let's fight the terrorists first.  They are more dangerous than a fraction of a degree change due to warming.
@realDonaldTrump you and all of trumpys cronies are brain dead
Amen Thank you POTUS
It hurts workers because thousands of jobs will now be lost in green energy solutions.
If there is no planet, there are no companies and workers. American or not.
And it will hurt your political career for supporting the liar & denier in chief. 
Libs/Dems can't separate bad financial deal with NO BINDING terms (means NO environ improvements @ 3 billion U.S. $) from environ protection
WRONG WRONG No proof that it will hurt American jobs and workers; there will be new jobs in green industries.  Coal is dying; get over it!
#TRUMPRUSSIA 
#TRUMPRUSSIA 
#TRUMPRUSSIA 
#TRUMPRUSSIA 
#TRUMPRUSSIA 
#TRUMPRUSSIA 
#TRUMPRUSSIA 
#TRUMPRUSSIA 
#TRUMPRUSSIA 
#TRUMPRUSSIA
Hey Jimmy, IT'S NOT A TREATY!  Please tell us how the Paris Accord would hurt ANY Americans.  You didn't lie this much on the wrestling mat!
Idiot
You embarrass us Ohioans!
When Exxon-Mobil is more concerned with climate change than you are you have no credibility.
@realDonaldTrump Better pack up your office now! You won't be re-elected!
What's hurting American workers is not encouraging them to modernize their skillsets.
It was non-enforceable. Each county made their own target, and you can change your target if you wish - it's an accord not a contract.
Bullshit
hahahahahahhahahahahaha
As a person that works in energy, that's a flat out lie. This would have put US in development and sells.
Explain to me how??!
It's good to see SOMEBODY in Washington finally stick up for the President. To bad my SD Republicans won't do the same thing.
Why suck up to a sinking ship?
Wrong
We are all destroying our planet at an alarming rate, pretty soon there won't be a planet let alone any companies!

You're just eating someone else's dog food. Learn economics & you'll find that you are 100% wrong. How'd you get elected?
Not what American companies & American workers say to you nitwits!
No worries you reps have shot yourself in the foot so many times that you have converted many conservatives like me to liberal. So corrupt
Simpleton policies for simpleton minds yields simple results: failure.  Math and science will prevail over politics.
Get your resume in order Jim Jordan. You will be on the wrong side of history.
.. on the expense of others, incl. our descendants. 
Short time thinking! No true ethical oriented visions:  
egocentric & simply stupid.
What the heck state are you from?
Everything is VOLUNTARY and NON-BINDING. He can change what we agree to do without withdrawing. You're all liars trying to hide something.
It was for the good of the planet, not just America.
Aren't you too busy running from your constituents? And taking oil money?
Jim Jordan Is The ULTIMATE IDIOT and Another PIMPLE on the End of TRUMPS NOSE!!!!
Check your facts USA can stand to loose a lot
Ask a scientist to see if they also agree with this, not only stupid politicians who don't know anything about science or the environment
Poor old man .....
Won't it hurt the whole world though, in the long term?
Yes so what did they do with all that money???
#MarchForTruth  June 3rd, This is not just for Democratic's. This has gone global. United we Stand, Divided we fall. Please come
This comment is as stupid as the current admin is a joke!  I can't believe people believe the things they say and do it with a str8 face lol
By encouraging innovation and efficiency? It was good for the economy. We've tarnished our int. reputation enough, this is a new low

We are one of 3 countries not in it. And the other 2 @realDonaldTrump would never support so why he leave?
He did no help to anyone except his pocket.
Not to mention the transfer of almost 10% of our revenue to third world countries, as outlined in virtually every paragraph, right?
Yup, can't have that. Hurting American children on the other hand, no problem.
Yes, unclean water and air and land pollution is WONDERFUL.
Who the heck is jim Jordan? And who cares?!!But interesting to know that President Bannon is BACK!!  Let him make all ur decisions for u!
You convinced me long time a go u had lost your damn mind .Have u  got GREAT YET if so let us all know so we can stop and pick up some ok
Explain this to all CEO's and companies who stand behind the Paris Accord. People see, feel and experience climate change, just not congress
So does coal dust.
Another absolutely worthless human
Yeah, heaven forbid a company actually has to abide by restriction intended to, I don't know, protect life.

You have no foot in reality if you believe this.  Or does your state have no clean energy businesses and have loads of dirty coal jobs?
You mean like actually killing them? Like mining coal did?
Climate Change SCIENCE is man-made to meet globalist progressive goals.  Reducing air, water and soil contamination should be our focus.
Ha Ha Make america great (very very small g) again - on the same standing as Nicaragua and Siria - you were beaten by North Korea 
why? because you got paid lots of $$$ by oil and gas? LOL
I wonder what will happen to the American workers that represent 13% of our exports when China takes over the industry because of this
Hey guess what? If you don't have a world to live in, jobs won't matter. #ClimateChangeIsReal
Are you serious ? 
It's just a way for money laundering! How else does our swamp people get so rich! Hell Oscummer just paid 8.1 million for his new home in DC
Paris Accord = modern Rain Maker con, trying to dupe USA into failure & more subsidies
That is just wrong on so many levels. It is the wrong thing to do because it hurts the world all of us and our children  Short sighted idiot
Amen
I would support the destruction of the environment also if I was a scientifically illiterate moron
Then why are companies like Walmart, Google and GE saying it was a mistake to withdraw?
