I need tax relief now!
#Winning
tax cuts for the rich 1%
How the hell is it that high?

Pelazo tienes, jodío.
Americans need a new President
More of your crap to enrich yourself at our expense and benefit the ALREADY RICH. Thanks for nothing.
#FakePresident
America needs to dump trump
No it's not. You're either #lying or being fed the wrong information, #trump. A legitimate #POTUS (like #Obama) would know that. #dummy
Bullshit! A liar trying to convince others to give himself a tax break. #TrumpIsUnfit
Sounds like your presidency.
OK, then why don't you provide us with your brilliant plan to fix it then?
Taxes are a very complicated issue.  We definitely need to see a reduction in taxes for the middle class, but at the same time, we need to increase tax revenue so we can decrease the national debt.  You need to increase taxes on the super wealth!
The national debt is a joke. We will never pay it off, bc it’s not in the design. Who do we pay our debts to? The Central Banks. 
At least most of us pay our taxes
Then why another give away to the wealthy? To you? To big business?

The president of the United States is a burden to Americans and harmful to job creators. Americans need impeachment
Giving tax breaks to the top 1% and raising taxes on the middle class is not gonna help the job market
He’s deflecting from Sessions testimony!!
stop lying. this does not benefit the middle class

It ain't high enough
you, sir, are a burden on americans and harmful to society.  let's start with reform in the WH via impeachment?  #maga
I so can't wait 
Here's the plan: Rich people like me grab as much $$$ as you can (convert to gold). When the deficit implodes - everyone for his mother!
Raise taxes on the rich until the $20 trillion dollar debt is paid down.
Fuck you
You are full of crap

Yeah Grover Norquest must not have included u in the memo! "Job Creators", is a tired title..they don't use that! You are a liar!
No #TaxReform until @realDonaldTrump #ReleaseYourTaxes #WorstPresidentEver #RussianCollusionisReal #disrespectingourtroops #LiarInChief

RT @realDonaldTrump You can pay for your #TaxPlan & everything else by taking the deductions away from the tax-evading Big Corps #USA #taxes

End #FATCA. Citizenship Based Taxation is a burden and taxation without representation on american expats.
Please don’t hesitate of the citizens of Washington accountable. We are going to drain our own swamp on Election Day!!
Yes we're going to drain the swamp of Wallstreet trash in the are capital and the GOP as we did yesterday
Under the GOP budget, they give tax cuts to the top 1% while leaving the federal government unable to pay $1.5 trillion worth of bills.
Agreed, let’s be fair. May corporations pay their fair share. Please get rid of H1B visa program
H1B candidates work harder than your average American. You better believe that. I recruit for them every day. Typically smarter as well.
#H1B status == indentured servitude, just like slavery in old times. Y do u want to keep such a evil program alive? Ask me #IamH1B !!
May be u had a bad experience. I am on h1b and I don't feel like that.
It’s just like anything else. It certainly isn’t perfect but I talk to people on H1B everyday and more often than not, they are happy.
@code_freak777 @ssjun2015 @mcr_michealene H1b offers great benefits w/ exceptional pay. Nothing close to indentured servitude.
Ppl are crazy wen they call h1b slaves. They shud read history to find out how slaves were treated. Freaking idiots. I earn 150k I drive
Oh yeah!!! Let me rephrase it 4 u Mr.#H1B apologist! #H1B==The Biggest legally government sponsored human trafficking system in the world!!!
Who are you kidding

Repeal the Obamacare individual mandate! It’s totally un-American. Middle class needs it gone!
The new tax code, written by a GOP-only committee, in the middle of the night, behind locked doors...not good for any9ne but the ultra rich.
BREAKING NEWS 
The @RealDonaldTrump is a burden on America 
 
#maga #impeachtrump #foxnews #taxreform #resist @freedomcaucus #NotOnePenny
I’m so frickin tired of Washington state government trying to make a name for themselves “weak” individuals .
Just because all voters don't tweet,  doesn't mean we don't support you.   We the people love you,  Mr.  President.
Of all of the presidents in the past, who never kept any of their campaign promises, we have the greates BSer of all time.
This is not tax reform it's a tax break for the rich and that's all it is shame for shame on you all
We should hold off on passing any bills till after the impeachment.
YOUR vacations and trips are a burden on American taxpayers and harmful.  You have spent more in less than 1 year than Obama did in first 4
@realDonaldTrump #fairtax simplifies taxes and solves a lot of Washington corruption #DrainTheSwamp
He's drain the swamp alright he's drain Wall Street and put it right in the white house I'm great are you happy
no to death tax, it should be GONE !!, And we are double and triple taxed on same money, makes me sick, please fix this Mr President !!!!!!!! Please help us, we know the dem;s and laim swamp GOP wont help you, we will vote them out !!!
If you want to really prove your point show us your taxes.
The other Russian dollar
Tax breaks to Corps and rich will go directly to rich. No JOBS, No PAY INCREASES, Just LIES
@LelaCalhoun7 @realDonaldTrump Correct.Liars&Thieves.
Thank you for helping the rich get richer. Ordinary ppl will benefit from trickle down, greatest Dump of rubbish elected by a minority.
2per cent SS raise equals nothing..low income retirees should have over at least 1400 a piece, just to be living normally in this economy!
You're lying. You're going to RAISE the bottom tax rate. You're cutting only the top rate for the highest earners. You will be RAISING taxes on many middle class families while giving yourself a huge tax cut.
Dont you wish there was a way to get this logic thru to those who simply believe him?
Like my family members. GAH!
I hear you. I also have family members who voted for Trump. And their reasoning was straight Fox News propaganda.
I wish I could blame FOX  News. I frankly cant figure it out as they are not financially well off to say the least. Dont get it.
My family members are quite well off.  They're all, "Why should I have to pay for some lazy person who won't get a job?"
It make me realize the basic difference between liberals and conservatives.

Conservatives: "Why should I...?"
Liberals: "How can we...?"
That's also a Libertarian viewpoint I have heard ad nauseam.
"I dont care what anyone does as long as I dont have to pay for it."
In other words, "It's all about me.":
Companies not taxes create jobs.
It’s a con. The White House and GOP leadership are filled with liars & thieves. Don’t fall for it. 
http://www.apnewsarchive.com/2017/Millions-of-Americans-would-lose-a-prized-tax-break-under-President-Donald-Trump-s-sweeping-revamp-of-the-tax-code-but-corporations-would-get-to-keep-it/id-7d54aa3879fe41be8794d452b9b39d83 …
Yes! Abolish the 16th Amendment scam from congress scumbag back stabbers!!!
If the economy's improving and there's consistent job growth under the existing tax structure, how can it be harmful to job creators, Big D?
This is bullshit perpetrated by a bullshitter who doesn't give a shit about the general welfare.80% of the gains go to the top 1%. #NuffSaid
The current POTUS is a burden on Americans. Period. #resign
Get Bent.
Job creator's?  The ones who have raked in record profits while wages are flat?  Oh poor babies.  All you want is cuts for the rich.  Liar!
Hmm ..Obama worked with it! Created 7 million jobs and the market neard a 300% increase.   Changing the playing field??
You're alienating us from the rest of the world.
No our tax code is take from poor and give to the rich. How many poor people make millions and pay zero taxes. 15.2% payroll tax-Romney 14%
Mr President, you are a great American Patriot. Thank you and may God bless and protect you and your family.
WHAT A CON #BamkruptDONNY IS TALKING TAXES WHILE STEALING $50 MILLION DOLLARS/MTH $600MILLION/YR. @SteveKingIA @SenJoniErnst @SRuhle @maddo
Where are all those jobs donnie?
You are the burden of the American taxpayer.
You have been taking credit for excellent economy President Obama left you. It is either excellent and growing or not. Can't be both
You lie
You "tax cuts for the rich" will not help anyone but the 1%.  This is another one of your blatant lies
So why do u want the burden to get bigger?
I fixed it for you: "The current tax code is a burden on American One-Percenters & harmful to my bank account."
Everyone should watch how their representative vote
All you are doing is the Koch Brothers bidding. Middle Class will be screwed again.
If you want to really stimulate the economy, Mr. President, abolish the corrupt, incompetent IRS, and switch to a consumption tax. #FAIRtax
And your ridiculous excuse for reform benefits corporations and the 1% at the expense of working Americans. SHOW US YOUR TAXES!
You’re the burden!
Let me translate...the current tax code is a burden on me and all my wealth friends who deserve our welfare
You are a burden on America
This is fake news.   I think you are a little mixed up!
Working Americans ARE the job creators @realDonaldTrump when they earn enough to have disposable income they spend it instead of hoarding it
This year 2017 please this year so important for so many Americans.
Repealing the estate tax does nothing to help the middle class.  #TaxReform
You are a burden on American taxpayers & harmful to job-creators. #resign #DumbDonald #WorstPresidentEver #LiarInChief
Amen, Mr. President. Keep up the good work!
@POTUS DJT was never a friend of the middle class. This will only benefit him & his super rich cronies!
The tax Form isn't changing one bit it's just a ruse to get rid of taxing pass through companies exactly how Trump has to pay tax! TRUE
Trumpie, tell the truth now!
More lies from POTUS.
わかりませんが発電所が完成すれば生活費など少し余裕が出ますがアメリカの税金まではわかりません
英語がまだ読めないので
藤井亨
The only burden is YOU & 46 who will have2FIX EVERYTHING U FKD UP IN OUR NATION
I’m not sure you know what a tax burden is. You brag about not paying taxes.
LIES!  Fake News!  Sad!
Pssssssst. Trickle down doesn't work. The American people are waiting.
TAX CUTS FOR THE RICH...Greedy A-Holes!!!
With respect Mr #Trump the economy is humming along just fine. There is no need for a tax cut to help your wealthy friends.
Lying conman cuts taxes for the rich and socks it to the poor. You are the swamp!
You are a burden and harmful. #ResignTrump
Taxation is theft.
Your followers won't know what hit them
You claim record unemployment but say our tax code is harmful to job creators, I don't understand how both can be true.
LIAR
But not the reform that you are promoting.
Just make sure you to cater to the people with the numbers,  not the dollars. Or we all will coming for your entire administration.
Total bullshit!

@GOP  better get this passed asap.
Mr trump, u should Reform also, u really should have learned what a presidents station is,by the people an 4 the people.
@JuanManSantos learn.
FU fatass

Biggest lie in American politics - "job creators." and trickle down. Americans won't fall for this bullshit again... try again dummy.
Your plan to raise taxes 20% on the lowest bracket is harmful to the job-doers.
hahahahah, WE KNOW
Taxes. Remember when you pledged to releasing them after the audit?
Gift to the rich from a spoon-fed elitist,  screwing the working man as always, saddle him up with debt to pay for the rich man's bonus.
How can you say anything about taxes when you're too cowardly to release your own returns? Lying criminal. #FakePresident
And yours is a catastrophe for American workers and a boon to robber-baron CEOs. Americans need a real president. Not a narcissistic liar.
Stagnant wages are the real burden on the American taxpayer. Get fucked with your silver spoon.
This is such a lie. #LiarInChief #TrumpsTheWorstPresidentEver
If you can reform taxes I’d be impressed, but once they are lowered they cannot be increased when your BS wall is getting built....
Cause then you’re just lying to the American people
It’s so much of a burden on the “ job creators” that they are trying to sneak their mammoth,overseas profits,into the country.

I’m not so sure he knows you can’t just run up debt and then file bankruptcy for the USA per his usual business model. #trump

#FlatTax ! Only way to #DrainTheSwamp

Release your taxes, Liar-in-Chief.
Liar in Chief
You're a burden on American taxpayers #trumpreforn #moronincheif
Not to the detriment of the middle class and to the benefit of the super rich!
#TakeAKnee dotard
Yep.  Your idea of tax reform does lift the burden of some Americans Donald.  The rich really get relief here.
The United Nations has done nothing but overtake the world with mandated jihad at OUR expense, rob us blind, and then plot to overthrow us.
Besides the glittering vagueness released to the public, there is no discussion as to how WE benefit from this corporate ass kissing effort.
Yes it's long overdue
This guy needs a tax break,
@potus45 you're the real burden to the American tax payer #growupPOTUS

Indigenous ppl of Biafra Nkpor Anambra State #Biafraland is live on RBL addressing D World 18th Nov #BiafraSitAtHome #BoycottAnambraElection 
Admit it, you don't know anything and you don't care.  You don't even know what middle class is
Demo talk about corporations as if they are not filled with American workers & where most of the 401k , Roth IRA & 403BS are invested.
And you "new tax plan" is a gift to the rich on the backs of the poor
#fixitJesus
That really explains nothing and just feeds misinformation. Give me an independent economic study!


No way
The current president is a burden on American citizens & harmful to humanity. Americans need #25thAmendmentNow . RESIGN DON. GET OUT.
healthcare, tax reform is messed up in America  M. Trump
Tax reform. All to line you and your buddies' pockets while fleecing the rest and stomping on the already downtrodden.
The job creators you speak of are greedy, robbing workers of their pay and benefits
Speaking of taxes, why don't you release your tax return like you promised?  Oh. You lied.

We don't even know if you pained taxes you telling us about Tax
You are the burden!
What we need is a new administration in the White House.
You already don't pay taxes.  Hope your tax cuts for the rich fail
trickle down economics has been proven NOT to work. You know that, we know that. Your #TaxReform benefits only wealthy, not true Americans.
Yes, it has to be more drastic than your reputation and stamina can handle, I am sure! Opposition, road blocks abound!
Simple and fair will save millions.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE pass this ...
Trump we’re not suppose to pay taxes. If you can’t audit a foreign company called IRS, then there not for America.
Read: Billionaire enriching himself while screwing middle and lower income America.
YOU LIE!
Your Big cut to the “death tax” only applies to 11 thousand of the wealthiest families.  Meanwhile millions in the middle will get raises.
But WE don't want your kind of tax "reform" which just gives a tax break to the most wealthy
You are a scoundrel @POTUS
Sad
Bad
Shameful
@FairTaxOfficial   We need the #FairTax.
Americans has the right to know where their money is going and where it’s being spent.
