Haven't they been through enough?!
Your are so amazing we knows news lies about you don't worry we see right trough you as best president of USA never had we love you 
Girl he is killing his own people!!!
Done! #dumptrumpteam
dam bad complaint sounds like you one of those VB dumasses
You did nothing. #GunLawsNOW #NeverAgainMSD

Thanks, God bless the two of you.
Done! #dumptrumpteam Done! #dumptrumpteam
Thanks Mr President for MAGA Praying for you and your family always. Love our President, God is blessing the USA.
What are you going to throw out to the crowd this time? Bullet proof vests?
Thoughts and prayers don't mean jack if you don't do something to stop it from happening again! Get off Twitter and actually do something!
It's not a disaster zone, so most likely flats.
You're so right.... So sensible, just like @FLOTUS
Who cares
yeah, let's see how fucked up you can be THIS TIME
So as usual, you will say something stupid instead of doing something useful.
Partying for our world . Praying for unity!  Praying for love 
Ur intellectually unqualified to govern. Ur incompetent & inept! You've installed a family of grifters in the WH. Mueller will rescue US!
You never had an original thought #pleasestoptweeting #pleasestoplyingtousyouGiantAssHat
Did you bring paper towels?
You mean to suck up to the big money.  #fakeleader
Nobody connects with the American People better than President Trump!
are you high?
as you gut their health care.
Apology tour!!
You are incapable of respect or sympathy for anyone but your narcissist self.  You pray that you don't get impeached.

Don’t
Maybe you can get a quick nine holes in

You're too dumb to have thoughts. And too much of a d!ckhead to have prayers
Let us know how well your visit is rated and how big the crowds are.  That's what matters most.

Speeding is illegal, but people still do it, guess it should be legal.

Murder is illegal, yet people still do it, guess it should be legal
God bless you and our beautiful First Lady. #MAGA
世界一起为美国祈祷，愿伤者早日康复，愿死者安息，阿门
MAGA
#ThePatriotAct #Sec702 #InsideJob #GasLighting "trust your news media, because we have a long history of telling the truth"
I wish you would let us have more guns with less rules so we could have retaliated against the Vegas shooter
Enough empty rhetoric. How about REAL GUN CONTROL. Enough of this.
If you think assault weapons are a right, but universal healthcare isn't, then congratulations, you are what's wrong with America.
Do you have boxes of band aids to hand out when you visit the hospital?
Liked by 147 people who don’t know the difference between you’re and your.
Creative
Reminder for all of you today:
.
.
(Thoughts + Prayers) x Inaction = Zero
.
.
#SimpleMath
You don't deserve to be there.  Follow the money from NRA to you.
Everyone?
Dear #Maga
Haven’t they suffered enough?
Such an original joke you childish prick.
I thought is was great 
I'm sorry for your bad taste of humor then.
Humor has a taste?
A fresh batch of thoughts and prayers, everyone!
Satan must love you!
His name is Lucifer, or Lou as he's known around the clubhouse.
How about taking initiative to make new #guncontrol laws to respect the fallen?
You can respect the people who lost their lives in Las Vegas simply by respecting the fact that we need more stringent gun laws in America.
There is no reason someone should be able to purchase a gun which can be modified to shoot hundreds of rounds in repetition!
The 2nd Amendment was written 100 years prior to the invention of the Semi Automatic firearm.  The 2nd Amendment is not UNLIMITED.  We need to prohibit the sale of semi-automatic weapons which can be modified to kill this many people.  There are no excuses here!
Jimmy Kimmel is 10 times the man that you are!
Gun control isn't about circumventing the 2nd Amendment.  It's about making laws which work alongside the 2nd Amendment.  Banning semi-automatic guns is not circumventing the constitution.  Anyone who believes it is, simply doesn't get it!
How would you put this ban into place and what would you do about the half a billion guns that are currently owned? Confiscation? Buy back?
Genuinely curious because if you have no plan your words are just meaningless words. Come up with a solution
If you are unwilling to discuss the role of guns, ammo, and  culture of violence contributes to this, you will continue to be vacuous.
Leadership is being willing to take on tough topics. The fact that Steve Bannon is already threatening you on this issue shows weakness.
Need to clearly explain why we are alone as a gun culture country & can not face up to the NRA- a lobbying arm of the gun and ammo industry.
You are & will continue to be a failure until you recognize that science, facts, & evidence should be paramount defending our great nation.
Your fear of facts and data and desire to exert authoritarian regime shows ineptitude and disregard for human life.
You can NOT be "pro-life" if you allow these massacres to continue! #LasVagasShooting
When is the time for an honest debate about sensible gun policies?
@ChadHen53062599  and cocaine is illegal but we still have drug addicts by the millions. Can we expect the same from your gun control laws?
I've never seen a person kill dozens of innocent people with cocaine... have you?!
You're completely missing the point. The point is is that simply by making something illegal or banning it, there are still ways of...
getting your hands on those banned materials
True.  But how bought we make it a little tougher to get illegal items.  At the very least it's worth a try.
Here's one of the best reasons I can think of.
But you don't.
لا تنسي اخواتك يلي على باب الجامع 
ليش لا هوي اخد 400 مليار من السعودية 
مش خسارة. فيك بس مليون
مساؤكم ورد
يسعد مساك سامر انا ما بدي مليون انا متواضعة ههههههههه بس نص مليون
بدك تشوفي ريم اذا بتقبل تشاركيها بطلبك يا ويسو
هي تحصل على المليون دولار ورح تغطيني ربعن قبلانة ههههههه
انتظر الجواب من ريم
Prayers don't stop guns, laws do!

Australia got #GunControl 20 years ago. Zero mass shootings since then. Care about people, not your ego!
Feel free to move to Australia
Do we care?
Yean. Already

Luckily you specified Melania. I get her and your Ivanka mixed up as to who is your wife and who is your caregiver.
I wonder really when was the last time you actually got down on your knees and prayed for something other than yourself.
Yeah. From all the tweets you must have been bored on the plane.
Thoughts and prayers are not enough. Please do something to stop this happening again. Just do something
Stronger gun laws to stop  people owning semi auto wepons
You couldn’t care less about anyone except your ego.
You have thoughts?
Alot faster then u did PR...smh disgusting
NO one remains in YOUR thoughts and prayers!  You have to have a brain to "think" and you wouldn't know what a prayer is if it slapped you!
I wish I prayed
trump, you're always late.
This bs argument that gun laws will make violence worse where does that come from? How can educated adults think that's true?
YOU allow mentally ill to buy guns.
Your GOP is trying to sneak Legislation for SILENCERS & ARMOR PIERCING BULLETS to be on our streets.
You don't pray--admit it. You think YOU'RE God.
Thank you for your words today...@POTUS
You and Melania have my love and respect, oh and my vote 2020!! Great job sir!! 
Take your paper towels with you and go home! #uselesspseudoPrez #dotardinchief #dotard
And to visit Trump properties?
Solte uma bomba logo na Coreia de norte.
Thankyou Mr. President Trump for responding to the Las Vegas tragedy, God Bless.
You dont pray and you can't think.
Enjoy your new reason to pretend you're cool. Or maybe do the job you gerrymandered your way into and start a conversation to fix gun laws!
How about thinking "gun control"?
Except the brown people, or the people with vaginas you don't have permission to grab, or the people who live on islands.

I hope y'all didn't throw rolls of bandaids to the crowd.
this is the stupidest man in all history no matter that he is one of the most affected fortune will suck him
Great job president Trump keep your chin up don't let the ninjas get you down George
In addition to your prayers, propose legislation to get more guns off the streets!
Yea that's right. It really works just look at Chicago Illinois. Best place to raise a kid and live. NOT !!!
Yeah, people are tired of thoughts and prayers. Why don’t you actually do something? You’re the friggin President for gods sake.
BEST PRESIDENT EVER!!!!!@EVERYBODY IN THE USA GREAT AGAIN. THANKS
#TrumpIsAMoron
I sincerely hope you behave better than PR. Your insulting and demeaning behavior toward innocent people will not be forgotten. True colors
Wait, you're capable of thoughts? Ha ha ha no. Fake news.
Change your gun laws why is one person allowed to own so many firearms surely one is enough (if any that is)

save your thoughts and your prayers for yourself when you land in the hell I'm certain awaits you.
How about exec decision to ban all gun and ammo sales until we figure this out?
do you even pray? Cus you srsly need Jesus, he needs to work on your soul. I'm unsure you pray otherwise he would've helped you long ago!
You have thoughts?  Cause I thought the NRA gave you your thoughts?
You are a heathen.  God won't answer you

We finally have a REAL PRESIDENT in the white house. Great job for both you and Melania.  Thank you.
Clearer than ever their only requirement was that he not look black. Even orange makes them happy.
@realDonaldTrump @GOP @FLOTUS you were late going to Puerto Rico and made a mess of that comparing  death numbers. control your gun ppl
Be a hero president. Change the gun laws. Show them you can make the right decisions.
Getting the feeling while we are all looking up we need to watch manhole covers in Chicago and Boston.
STEAM
Your welcome Mr president
Are you planning to toss tissue boxes into the crowd? #POTUSTrump you have to agree why sec  #Tillerson called you what he did
Get rid of the massive purchasing of guns!!!
33 guns in one year!!
Insane!!
Mr. President, I was very proud of you today and  the moving speach you gave in Las Vegas, today, I also pray for you everyday,
The well written speech
maybe he should only read speehs written for him!
携帯料金をぼったくられていますインターネットのイメージを悪くしている張本人はドロボウバンクです
Don't speak while you are there. It will be the only reassuring thing you can do.
I am sure your visit helped the people who were suffering Mr. President.
@UNBORNness @FLOTUS  Fucking guy cannot save his own peoples.
If only thoughts and prayers helped.
If you get lost, we like it better!
Let them eat paper towels
I am impressed your North korean politics ^^//. I always cheer you Mr.president Trump!!! Have a great day!!
You pray??? Before or after you grab crotches, call people made in God’s image SOBs, etc...?
God Bless our President and FLOTUS; most caring leaders in a very long time!
You don't have a rational thought in your head and I highly doubt you pray to anything that doesn't have a dead President on it.
Keep your prayers...time for #GunControlNow #NRATerrorist #NRATerrorism
Amazing video of Las Vegas.  Makes me proud to have you as my president.  Keep on making America Great Again!!!

You are the shame of America and the worst président ever #fakePOTUS #fakepresident #dumbtrump #trumpresing
Semi-automatic guns. Legal. That is the discussion.

Y'all the guy who got this gun was already carrying an illegal firearm. The bad guys don't follow rules they break them for a reason
I'm certain you will make some poignant comments... about crowd size! Why not bring boxes of tissues to toss to the mourners!
I have never seen a First Lady take these trips!  So proud of Melania!  What a FLOTUS
Check on your ugly, classless property. I hope several washing machine hoses cracked and you now have your own version of water ruining your life. Emolument Hag.
President Trump I think you are doing a great Job considering the lack of support that you have. I’m praying for you every day. God Bless you Sir!
No, you landed in Las Vegas for photo ops. Thoughts and prayers that you are in jail soon.
ha ha it's human right and good
gun law.
#lovemattersmovement 
Yeah, after you threw paper towels in disrespect to suffering Puerto Rico.  Are you going to throw bullets at the Vegas crowds?
You had a thought?
Are you going to throw paper towels at them
"Everyone." You really do have "one of the greatest mind."
Fuck your thoughts and prayers. Don't taint our city with your vile presence!! Overall, you are L O A T H E D and D E S P I S E D here!!!

If Melania gets a re-up on the plastic in her tits during this administration, I need to see them (again) as I'm paying for them. Thaanks...
Ya can you call him Cristian terrorist
Who cares?
And as we all know, thoughts and prayers stop bullets.
Did U thank people 4 coming 2 C U? Did U have a big crowd? Did U tell them how lucky they were 2 have U? Did U make it about U? Did U brag?
Run Vegas, Run!
If not NOW? WHEN?

Shame on Trump & his crooked Cabinet, his crooked Administration & his crooked family.

#Impeach45
You've had to deal with one crisis after another all year and you've handled it well. Thank you! Prove proud of you and first lady!
Go get a therapist
Paper towels...

We the American ppl do not nor will we pay for your wall... I denounce you as 45.
Did you visit any of the hurricane victims in the hospital in Porto Rica? No, you threw paper towels to people in a wealthier subdivision!
Thoughts and prayers?? Only real boys think and pray. Plastic Narcissists like you just scheme and manipulate. Poor Melania.
It would help if we had less gun control laws. The laws we have make people buy guns.
Please make sure you tour the scene where this allegedly took place to see if there is any evidence of bullets that made any damage.

This is You! You perpetuate hate & violence! You are to blame! You have blood on your hands you little orange man.
Why not an immediate ban on bump fire stocks?
Mass shootings, terrible natural events of unknowable causation, like hurricanes, God’s will, falling meteors, climate change and magnets
Great job President Trump!!!
The TRUTH will come out!!! The Las Vegas Shooter was a Member of the DNC, He voted for Hillary Clinton, and He was recruited by ISIS!!
"Make America safe again" banning people that offer no real threat, do nothing about something killed 11k people this year?! #missthepoint
Its really sad that a great country like ours has a loser like you in charge...fake president
Are u throwing bandaids at them today?
Thoughts and prayers? Please Don never think nor pray for me.
Since nobody will do anything about this, maybe you should have thrown out bulletproof vests in LV like you did paper towels in Puerto Rico.
The two of you should be called the FLOTUS & FLATUS SHOW

If the government is all white&male, problems that non white male Americans face daily will never be on the political agenda.Try using logic
We are all Americans stop trying to separate
