Elevation is correct, no fair vote, no Democracy, no bipartisanship, straight up theatrics and abuse of power from control of @SenateGOP
If that were the truth then why didn't the Democrats in the legislative branch try to do anything to hear Obama's pick?
A great day for white supremacists everywhere.  For the rest of us, we grieve for our nation and the world
How does that even apply?
Is it that anybody who doesn't agree w/you is a white supremacist?
Even black people that don't agree w/you
Keep up the good work Mr Trump finally a man that stands up to the lies and the bias of the mainstream media! FINALLY!
Congratulations to Justice Neil Gorsuch on his elevation to the United States Supreme Court. A great day for Americ… htt...
In reference to your Appointee Justice Gorsuch to SCOTUS; would u please make sure that he actually participates when seated at the bench from day one. After all, I wasn’t appealing against any government institutions but an all around #crooked Opthalmicpharmaceutical Corporation
Speaking of, I am behind the topic but catching up
you are a disgrace to the USA and to humanity.
He will forever be the Justice who was placed there immorally....just as you were placed in the White House.  President Obama should have been able to have his nominee vetted and confirmed.  It was DIRTY politics, something you are all too familiar with.
Hope you get to do this at least 3 more times before you leave office.
Hope he leaves in the next few days!
Mr trump you are doing a good job i am glad we finnaly got a president with a huge set of balls blow north Korea off the map
You either do not realize or care that if a shooting war starts in North Korea, it will be the South Koreans who will pay with their lives.
Better stop them now then later if we wait it could be you or your kids
So you are willing to sacrifice South Koreans to prevent an imaginary attack on the United States? #Trumpocalypse
Remember when Trump & his supporters celebrated the appointment of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court?

Gorsuch sides with liberals, rules against Trump on deportation law

#Deportation #ACCA http://hill.cm/KDirAf7 

Yes, well done on stealing a job for life that wasn't meant for you. What a top guy. What a top presdient. What a mess. Jesus Christ.
Shhhh do you hear all those shoes dropping? Soon your corruption will be exposed.#TrumpRussia #DontheCon
Thank you!!
yay. A traitor president gets his plaigiarist justice! #resist #impeachtrump
Greatest seat ever stolen
Good job, Mr. President. Proud of our new @SCOTUS.
SUPER!!!!
HORRIBLE choice. Shame on you!  This is a sad day for democracy.
Yes, and thanks to @SenateMajLdr for ruining the Senate for generations to come.
You know who is REALLY happy about us staying in a Middle East quagmire?
China.
#TrumpRussia
We are not distracted from #Russiagate.
Expect more #TrumpLeaks soon.
#TrumpRussia
#TheResistance
Really enjoying watching the alt-right abandon you and the establishment (i.e., THE SWAMP) cheer you on.
#TheResistance
#Trumprussia
I hope you didn't fake-bomb Syria to improve your approval ratings, because it didn't work.
#TrumpRussia
http://www.gallup.com/poll/201617/gallup-daily-trump-job-approval.aspx …
FAILED MISSION!!!!!
Finally! #Godisgoodallthetime!!

That billionaire is giving away his paychecks. Nice try tho snowflake

Naw you sound like a baby. Get over it. YALL LOST. So who's smarter then if WE'RE the ones actually winning?
I'll wait Brandon...
And y'all won with the help of Russia, but go off!!!
Have yet to see that proof... not sure it exists?
His "donated paycheck" doesn't even cover a half day protecting just 1 of 4 Presidential residences we now have to protect. Not impressed
good
Wow, serious production values in a video of an event that happened today. #neededawin #wellseewhathappens #thankssenmcconnell
A lousy day for working people.
You mean #Gorsuch*.  An asterisk is required because he occupies the #stolenseat taken from those of us who voted for @BarackObama in 2012.
A great day for America is the day neither you nor capitalism are ruining people's lives.
Yeah, you stole this nomination from the Democrats you weasel.
Watch your speech today after the confirmation are U sure U went to college because u have vocabulary of a 4th grader. You can barely read.
YES! This is a truly MOMENTOUS occasion because it occured at THIS MOMENT and not MORE THAN A YEAR EARLIER when the seat got empty!
just following the Biden rule.  Bit Dems in the butt didn't it? Just like Harry's Nuclear Option!  
Hopefully you will put 2 more in there. Get rid of these Globalist/Communist thugs.
Stolen judge
It's a stolen seat. The Senate had to change the rules to lower the bar just to get him confirmed. No honor there.
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/851555178910064640 …
You're asking Trump about honor?

@RVAwonk @realDonaldTrump
Jerk embarrassing unprofessional pompous train wreck
You spelled "filled a seat that @SenateMajLdr yelled "DIBS" on an hour after Scalia died" wrong.
#StolenSeat #SCOTUS #WeAreAltGov #resist
Fake news
Should have been Garland.
Unfortunate that his appointment is tarnished by being a stolen seat! Shameful to deprive a sitting president of his rightful nominee.
Congratulations!
donald trump more like donald trump am i right fellas
We have Harry Reid to thank! @SenatorReid
Stand with our president @realDonaldTrump #PrayForTrump #GodBlessAmerica
Why, just because he's President? Ignoring the fact that he's an unrepentant sexual predator? 
No sale. 
#RESIST
Stop your complaining,  Bill Clinton has been out of office for a long time
Great day? That's debatable. He's a "qualified" justice, but has a history of protecting companies over ppl, which is deeply concerning...
Fact is, qualified or not, this 300+ day process has shed light on how hyperpartisan USA has become (this is a critique of both parties)...
Another school shooting; it's far from a great day for America.
It's becoming a normal day for America.....no matter who's president
Unacceptable.
Agree
Sad that he hasn't acknowledged it yet. Drumpf is not for the people
When he does it'll probably be to claim that if the teachers had guns then nobody would have died
But the guns are only for "bears".
Lets just pray that he defends the family right.  Stop LGBT people from trying to influence the minds of our children in public schools #GOP
Influence? Could someone influence you to be gay? You either are or you're not. Learning acceptance is a positive.
Happens all the time.  Children are introduced to homosexuality and it becomes the norm, convicts get accustomed to gay sex
You think someone can be converted, so to speak? Not just adapting to their environments?
I think many humans struggle with belonging, and with their sexuality and are open to suggestion.
Sexuality is not as set in stone as we think. The drive is pretty strong.
Sexuality is a wide category covering a wide area from criminal activity to consensual
Of course. Sex with a student is a crime. Not as common as you seem to think. Think of all the kids in school and the few stories you hear.
Joshua 1:9
Have I not commanded you? Be strong and of good courage; do not be afraid, nor be dismayed, for the Lord [1/2]
your God is with you wherever you go.” [2/2]
Thank you being 71 I will worry less about my grandchildren 's future now.
Thou shalt not steal
#illegitimatePresident nominates an illegitimate scotus justice. You will both forever have the * by your names.
What a excellent speech
Not a great day when a barely elected "leader" who is under criminal investigation is allowed this appointment. It's a sad! day for the USA.
Fake judge. #Merrickgarland is the 9th Supreme.
This proves you have no respect for women. 
Show us your tax returns!
Gorsuck will always have an asterisk next to his name like a record setting ballplayer that was caught using PEDs.  He's an inJustice.
congratulations #SCOTUS  you are going to do well I bless you. -God
Về làm kinh tế đi trum, không làm chính trị được đâu.
It sure is.
So glad that Neil Gorsuch is in as one of our SC Justice. Fair and balanced and a keeper of the Constitution. Congrats to him. So welcomed v
Congrats 2 MerrickGarland on his continued service as Judge of the US Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
A very sad day for women's rights and democracy.  The Republicans carried a coup by denying President Obama's pick to be voted on.  Sad day!
No its not
#SCOTUS courtesy of #SCROTUS.
http://bit.ly/2lQX2DJ 
#iPhone #MoveTheBall #MoveTheBallClassic J. Geils
Carter Page #KS04
Sam Dyson #OffendEveryoneIn4Words
A very sad day for America,  a Supreme Court Judge elected through the nuclear block representing the minority.
GOP delegitimized SCOTUS. Every 5-4 ruling (w/“justice” Gorsuch on prevailing side) will have stink of corruption on it.
You howare
no president under investigation should be permitted to nominate anyone until investigation i done
why do you attack Syria when the chemical attack from Assad was fakenews. You promise to drain the swamp.
real hope !
A great fail for SCOTUS
One more puppet for you Donnie.
Not my Suprene court justice. You're not a legitimate Oresident and should never have been allowed to nominate
how wonderful to be able to celebrate a stolen seat that required an historic change in rules. Be proud! 
Not a great day for MY America! Another result of your party cheating!
I wouldn't want to be the Justice nominated by Trump
Tx for appointing Gorsuch, who thinks we should live according to laws written before we had cars,computers, and airplanes.  A REAL THINKER
A DIVINE TRIBUTE TO OUR GREAT CONSTITUION AND YOUR NEVER FAILING LEADERSHIP, HONESTY, AND LOVE OF OUR COUNTRY AND ITS PEOPLE.THANK YOU.
ANOTHER 
And the left goes wild #go gorsuch your rocked it out thanks mr president
Very strange that some of Trumps tweets don't show up Waz up Twitter?
Fake judge, seat stolen by McConnel, So much for draining the swamp. SAD.
Congrats on #StolenSCOTUS and the use of dark funds without ever answering a ? Directly
aynen öyle
A day that will live in infamy.
Excellent choice , so proud of you Mr. President
Amen
The people that OWN you had a list, you pointed at 1, he became a justice & thats your greatest 100 day accomplishment SAD #JusticeDemocrats
Nope.
#Maga 
he does NOT belong there you tyrant #ComradeTrumpanov
You mean Justice Neil Gorsuch *
God bless you Mr president God bless USA ISRAEL LOVE YOU 
Bravo
Fascism is well and alive on the Supreme Court of the United States. Thanks to the Republican fascist party
STOLEN SEAT and YOU KNOW IT...
I don't think it's such a great day.
A great day indeed. Shows if the rules don't work, just change them!
Stolen seat fake judge.
