Trump you are spot on!! #MAGA
You do realize that you only have credibility with a small group of people who believed you when you told them what they wanted to hear?
Who needs Page? We've got #Comey, testifying publicly. Better get your #Covfefe ready. SHIT'S GETTING REAL!
Hope it hits the fan BIGLY and scatters throughout the WH taking out all those stinking traitors!
There was only one traitor in the WH Kookoo, and he is gone thank you.  O bummer the Muslim.
Fool..you're not paying attention! God gave you a brain in your head for a purpose...USE IT!
he's a bot...
Thanks!
They tarnished his name. Committee let him testify.
All the crybabies and sore losers are in with their frivolous comments
Better improve your English, Vladimir - Cuz your tweet makes zero sense. #trumprussia #DementedDonald @realDonaldTrump
does anyone believe he wrote this 
EXCORIATED
really 
excoriated 

can he define 
and pronounce 

#FAKETWEETS
Without googling, define excoriate. I'll wait.
In Queens, it means "circumcision" or "castrate"....the accent is difficult.
I do recall a time you Said you didn't know him! Now besties?
They are afraid he has the goods on a lot more. Stay strong. We are behind you 100-%
You colluded with Russia and are going to jail.
You can continue to to push blame onto others but it won't matter - you committed treason and history will remember you a traitor.
#untrue #SAD
Trump sees noose starting to tighten.Trump realizes he has to do something. Time for the Hail Mary. He brings out secret weapon - covfefe.
Covfefe
Reported by anonymous sources? Clown.
Everyone has the right to face their accusers and defend themselves against accusations made.

take a #Covfefe
It's no longer possible to take democrats seriously. They're a joke. Thanks media.
Covfefe!!!!!
Weight for a ton of conspiracy theories to come out and smearing it's comming
...#covfefe?
He blows away their cvofefe?
Excoriated huh? Who bought you a thesaurus?
Haha....read that and thought who helped him tweet that word
He thought #Covfefe, I should look that shit up and use it. 
That's because Dems are dumb
#covfefe
covfefe?
السعودية تتبرع بكل خيراتها  لكي ترضى عنها اميركا وترضى على السعود
It's reported by FOX NEWS, who uses unnamed sources. And congrats on adding a thesaurus to ur phone, cause ain't no WAY you know excoriated.
.... covfefe?

Covfefe?
Duck and cover Donnie!
Their covfefe??!
their what donald?
Covfefe
You have the best words. Your mind is so massive. Your intelligence endless. Your penis functional.
covfefe 
The democrats are the party of corruption and evil.
The Russia false narrative is a pathetic left wing tactic to try and discredit their opponent. We know its B.S
And you're showing you're gullible enough to fall for Trump's disinformation.  Don't fall for it...wise up.
Wise up? He is a part of the Trump disinformation machine. We would be better served arguing with a wall. 
Truth means nothing to him
Poor Jeremy, 

That would be great if most of them did, but unfortunately, most Trumpers do not. So, yeah.
I find it hard to believe that you know what excoriate means. Who has your phone? #covfefe
“It is reported”? By whom? Or is your source anonymous?
U said you don't know him What do you care? Innocent men don't speak as you speak Resign You embarrass your son with everyday u r in office
don't bring up blowing, that's a sore spot for hillary when she's with bill.  you know, the intern thing!
Why are the dems able to make this decision? The repubs need to get their tails out from btw their legs and stand up for US!
I am blown away that the Dems are such vicious crybabies.   Bizarre
Go Trump
"Excoriated"? Look at you. Using the big words and everything...
#CovfefeGate
#covfefe will be testifying in his place
Clearly, someone else is posting on behalf of Trump.
@pacelattin @realDonaldTrump 
John Barron, John Miller or Meredith McIver ?  Its anbodys guess.
Could even be M.T. Promises or Richard Head!
According to?
Sources?
Oh, Brietbart. 
Did Bannon write that story personally while sitting next to your bedside as you drifted to sleep with your angry twitter fingers going?
alas ... we had our first self-deprecating, funny tweet this morning ... and now we're back to the usual #covfefe
I want to go back to the #covfefe tweets ... please
Me too. I was enjoying the moment.
Lol, he could take a lesson from that, but nah
I know! He was a good sport, but back to ranting 
Dems prefer moving rules to suit themslvs. Dems eat their own. Stay focused Mr Pres. Much work left to do. We R with you MAGA !!!
The Russia business is an actual coup, to hide Dem crimes. If Seth Rich murder exposed, they get jail.
They would love for him to testify.
criminal and very stupid president usa
Hey Mr. Donald Trump I need you're help my president!!
Russia interference required a level of sophistication that could only come from US accomplices. No coincidences. #AccidentalPresident
LOL!
You said you didn't know who Covfefe Page is, EPOTUS!
As usual, you make no sense!  Can't you stop making a complete fool of yourself.

Russian President Vladimir Putin is a greater threat to the United States than ISIS, Sen. John McCain says http://cnn.it/2qBWg96  
The concern is that Russia messed in our election - that means they will do it again.
Nobody can reply to your tweets without it being thrown to the bottom... Your being tolled by twitter!!!
@kingtynk N if Carter Paige did testify as he's wanted 2 all along,they know it wld riddle their conspiracy theory w/holes!
they never said they don't want him at some point. Stop the lies.
Only lies here r from Comey n Brennan 2016, unverified"Dodgy Dossier" compiled by ex British informant n 2 b used against Pres.T
not lies. Trump & u sold out country. Trump 4 money; u 2 upset "elites". Funny thing. U screwed yourself & don't know it yet.
So hard for the snow flakes to accept   Pres.Trump...
we'll never accept traitors or their supporters. We love American values too much.
With your heart felt sentiments perhaps ur party will one day regain some of the Dem 1000 plus seats lost under Obama Presidency!
we will. People see what stupid looks like now. Even the poorly educated will eventually learn as their lives r ruined by Trump.
Somebody is trying to use their thesaurus.
Who is Carter Page again?  
I thought you said you didn't know the guy.
Carter Page?  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!
How does the illiterate so-called "president" know the meaning of "excoriated"...??
That is not true. Republicans are in control not Democrats. Carter Page will have his turn in the hot seat. Worst president ever.
They do not need him to make the case against you. They have enough plus like you he is unhinged.
Who taught you such a big word "excoriated" covfefe#
Uh, they just changed the date...hahaaa.
Really?  Most likely it's Mueller that would delay any testimony. Look, you don't have much life left. Resign and retire enjoy the good life
Wait a minute?  I thought you don't really know Carter Page?  Uhuh, the plot thickens!
Who reported that little fake fact? The Dems absolutely want Carter to testify Some Advice when you are tweeting dont fall a sleep #covfefe

White head eagle, the symbol  the United States.    
#deadonarrival
You really need to stop tweeting your craziness
Remember when ted nugent wanted to behead people. You were so forgiving
HC is on MSNBC explaining how she lost the election.  Of course Trump is to blame. Oh, and the Russians...She did everything right & no $$
They stripped the hide from Page? Wth?
Excoriated? U added another word to your tiny little vocabulary.  Must be a smart ghost writer. Crawl back under your rock, FatMan. U r SAD
Just putting him on hold and there are more GOP members on committee, so again, falsehoods come from your mouth.
MSM won't hint @ the real reason I betrayed America. It's not money/power. Nope. It's me w/a stiffy drenched in Russian whore piss. On film.
Excoriated. Massive word there Don, someone spellchecking you now eh?
You didn't write this - there is no way you know what "excoriate" means.
Someone must ha be written this for u cuz I know you don't use words like excoriated
Well, who wrote this one?? We know Dt doesn't know THAT word!
#TrumpisaLoser
#LoserTrump
#TrumpisaLoser
#LoserTrump
#TrumpisaLoser
#LoserDT
This is my first twitter day, holy it's funnier than I thought with this guy. He is like a teenager 
January claim. Sean Spicer: Page “is an individual who the president-elect does not know and was put on notice months ago by the campaign.”
Trump has no idea what excoriated means or how to spell it. Hi staffer 
Excoriated? Not in your vocab. Who's tweeting for you?
Pres. Trump, they are accusing you as a diversion, when in fact they are the ones who were colluding! What about the 1.7 B in cash to Iraq?
All lies and a hoax Mr. President.  We know that you did nothing wrong.
Who wants to bet don don has no idea what " excoriated " is? What a joke.
B/S they don't get to pick wittiness
Wow! Big word for you..excoriated. I hope you didn't pull a muscle. Be careful old fella!
DJT shouldn't comment on the investigation as people from his campaign and his close advisors are under investigation. He's probably next.

They call it "resistance" which proves that they use anything to discredit Trump.  Let's hope Trump has a "Teflon no stick" skin like Reagan
But you lied and said you didn't know Carter Page. Mueller just added to his team. Flynn flipped. Covfefe.
EXCORIATED?  Is this the plural form of covfefe?
@realDonaldTrump is real liar
 excoriated? Hahahahahaha
I'm new to this tweeting business Mr. Trump, where's the rest of your tweet...
During a press conference in Moscow in December 2016, Carter Page told   Russian TV he met with Trump, contradicting his own claim @GStephanopoulos @gma #gma @cnn  @jaketapper @TheLeadCNN @andersoncooper @ac360 #ac360 @donlemon @nytimes @washingtonpost http://hill.cm/rEPirD5 
Just look at the LACK of evidence! It's more likely Clinton & Obama conspired with the Russians to create this conspiracy and it backfired!
So, you go from "covfefe" to "excoriated"?  Can anyone find an example of Trump ever using this word before?
‘sociopathic’ behavior is the result of a deep-seated fear of being exposed
Would that be something reported by anonymous sources?
Proves they are lying again.
OMG!  You learned a new word?
...Democrats are attempting to Obstruct Justice
Show us you r President and Encourage fully truth openness in investigation to Protect our country (your job) but sigh. if so you would...
Your alternative facts are BS Donald
That's because they can't "Handle the Truth" !!!
Which one of your staffers taught you a big word like 'excoriated'?
Watching Faux News again?
Oooh A BIG word!  Who taught you to spell it?  Did they define it too?
Good  have Carter Page testify for you if it ever gets that far.
What are they afraid of? He'd show they're a bunch of liars & obstructionist.
George Webb is Mossad and solved the Seth Rich murder. Arrest McCabe!
He's had a moment of lucidity, he remembers he does know Carter Page! Last time he was asked he didn't really know Carter Page
Who is "reporting" hum....sounds a lot like "sources say" how about that?
How’s this working out for you, Pomegranate Pol Pit?
Can we say "dementia"?
The investigations are still ongoing bubba, you know what he blows away?  YOU #LoserTrump
That's a lie. We want everyone to testify.
U dont know words like "excoriated" so we know u didnt write this. Secondly, u admit u DO indeed know carter page? U said u didnt
I am disgusted with the democrats, News Agencies, and the celebrities. They are ruining our Great Country. I will NEVER vote democrat again.
more fake news from the master
Yeah you looked up excoriated...bigly.
Got any time for your job, dude?
Lmao carter page is the best thing that has happened for Democrats lately. His inability to keep his mouth shut is sinking you & your ilk.
Stop lying to your supporters!
I thought you didn't know who Carter page was. This is a stunning Covfefe. .
if emails are considered legal documents are your tweets? You might want to check with your lawyer! #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Confetti??
Obstruction of justice!
you are an embarrassment.
I thought you didn't know who Carter Page was.  My my, how the wind does shift.
They need to tar an feather you
Put them behind bars Mr. President. We trust you.
Your crotch is excoriated from all the fiddling with it. Stop, you'll go blind!
Fake President Fake President Fake President Fake President Fake President Fake President Fake President Fake President Fake President!
They are afraid of what he may reveal
Carter Page is an imbecile! He will testify and talk in circle cause he's a clues agent of a foreign power
No....he's a liar with zero credibility...so why bother....
The new Democrat scandal cnn promoting terrorism ,pull the transmitter !
All prayers will be answered in the order in which they were received. We appreciate your patience. And by "we" I mean "He"...which is me.
donnie    THIS IS NOT JUST THE DEMS IT'S ALL AMERICANS!!!!!
Who wrote this for you?
Wonder who wrote this for him. No way Trump actually knows what excoriate is let alone how to spell it 
YOU DON'T WANT A PLETHORA OF THE 18 CONTACTS TO TESTIFY OF WHAT THEY SAID!
Blows away your claim of not knowing dude ya mean?
No, wrong again, misdirecting info....and blows away their?....
Covfefe
Because they are afraid of the truth he can tell to spoil their insanity over losing the presidency!
I'm impressed @POTUS knows the word #excoriated. Bet he used @MerriamWebster's #thesaurus, though. #littlemanlittlewords
You really are loco. If you have nothing to hide stop talking, but you are unable because you are guilty of something.
@POTUS - Red Head joker was not funny (bop head) SHUTS down AMERICA VOICE and the CRIES Of the WORLD.. please keep safe. prayers for you
I thought you'd never met Page, didn't know him. Sure know about him now. You just can't keep the lies straight, can you? Early onset of ?
stop stop stop. i am a democrat w/ republican friends WE Don;t call each other names nor blame YOU Dems or repubs. Grow UP
Go on Don...
He actually seems to blow smoke. Not sure he knows anything.
