Don't worry, you'll be charged soon. Enjoy your time now, while you still have a say over when you eat, how often you shower, etc.
And you won't be ringing a bell to get your ice cream.
Or have a phone to abuse Twitter with...
Are you really tweeting this? Baiting the judicial system? Where are your #gop handlers? #grandadisonthelooseagain
Patience, Mr President. Mueller is doing a thorough job so when he's finished & indictments come out, the charges will stick. #ImpeachTrump
get fucked
Maybe that's why he's so angry.
He's always been angry. He pummelled Ivana.
Thanks Molly. I just read that book excerpt this weekend. Another item that wasn't widely reported on.
Funny thing. Investigators find evidence before tipping anyone off they are being investigated. They hired Mueller to investigate you.
Count your days traitor con man! #ImpeachTrump
Don't worry, sir. Mueller will do a very thorough job. When all is said and done there will be plenty of proof. And you'll be in prison.
You seem panicked that both houses of congress and a special prosecutor have continuing investigations which are substantive.
Something about being a #Traitor no doubt.
It is not nice to call your son a nobody. His name is Don, just like you so that should be easy for you to remember. #DonaldTrumpJr
this isnt an episode of "Law and Order" completed
 in an hour.
Another thing: It's an ONGOING INVESTIGATION  you dolt. They can't talk about the evidence against you. SAD
You know how I know when you're lying?

You end the statement SAD or BAD

You are that remedial sir
Lest we not foget, "I've heard" or "People are saying" and lastly "I've been told". Five year olds lie better than you.
actually,  yes.  They have.
What's sad is....America has a corrupt, moronic president.  Satan himself is trying to run our country. 
Exactly
Your son's email proved collusion! That is proof! What is wrong with you? Do you know what collusion means? If you do, you're lying again.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
TICK TOCK Mr. Terrorist of the United States of America.... tick TOCK.
well, today your son, Treasonous Don Jr., did ;) Or is it Fredo Don Jr.? 
You’re all going to jail! You’re all going to jail!
So I guess U said SAD, because @DonaldJTrumpJr hadn't got caught yet, heh? Now America knows Ur Campaign colluded w/Rus Agents for gain.
Look Sr Clownstick, Investigation will cover EVERYONE involved & ALL yr financial dealings. There's a reason you didn't want yr taxes shown
That's not the point. That's not the point of any of this. The investigation is to ensure everything has been done and checked #BadPresident
Just admit you did,it was all business,your a business man,!
Odd, Mueller just got a bigger office with a huge skiff. Buckle up buttercup.
He did??
Looks like this was tweeted in July. Factually not sure because I don't remember hearing nor tweeting this. Hmmm
Trump more proof is you won't put the Russian sanctions laws into effect that were to be oct 1!  THAT IS BIG PROOF IN ITSELF!  Putin owns U
You know nothing abt hw an investigation works, do you? No body is going to “clue you in” while it’s ongoing. Mueller actually hs a lot on u
@SethAbramson has uncovered your collusion. You’re getting your news from fake sources. We know the truth, and it will not set you free!
You are all the proof we need
Unfortunately, stoopid, the wheels of Justice move slow. They are investigating all  illegal acts you're done. TRUST THAT!
Except your own son, hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha #Trumped
We do now.   You knew about this meeting.   Resign.   Get out now!!!
What say you today ? About Little Donny Jr?
Well, that problem is now solved. Your son just provided the proof. The exit door is that way Mr. President.
. @realDonaldTrump Mueller's not done yet. Tick tock.....

Traitors go down hard Donny
This sounds like you are confessing and bragging not getting caught, Donald.
What's sadder is that after 6 months of you being president you have very little to show for it. #FakePresident
The proof is under wraps you fool. It will come out when Mueller is ready for it to come out. You and cronies will be in handcuffs by then.

Prove it or retract it!
Every once n awhile face gets it right. He as @POTUS actually knows there's tons of evidence not yet released but SAD is law enfcmt can't R
THIS ISNT AN episode of NCIS: NY 
Solved in an hour.
14 Dead Russians and a Hackers on the Run 
They will figure it out!
Just hang on, sweetie.  It's coming.
Fast.
Liar  in Chief is tweeting again! Sad 
That s a RT. Add my comment !
Maybe @TomthunkitsMind could make a picture book for #Donniedaycare  so he can better understand the evidence.
Or maybe @jaketapper could draw some easy to understand pictures for #DotardDonny of treason and collusion.
What? Who took this picture?

Wrong.  You’ll be in jail soon.
You wish it were over. It’s just getting going. You are doomed as you are guilty.
why lie? #TrumpRussia is real. A real judge will sentence you to Real jail time. Resign or be impeached #ImpeachTrump
Patience Donald, patience.
#notmypresident
7 months of investigations and committee hearings about your collusion with the Russians is indeed SAD! Methinks you doth protest too much!
It’s on the way. You can’t hide!
Soon Treason boy
Whatever you need to tell yourself, dude.
These things take time, Donny. Don’t worry, you’re doomed.
Not to mention if collusion was a crime, Hillary would already be in jail Robin
because there's a mountain evidence and it takes painstakingly a long time. You're going ... http://tmi.me/1fjbz9 
Investigations are not complete. Don't worry. So now you're tweeting in the middle of the day. What rattled you?
Yup...no "there there"
You should now begin to track down all those tweets where you deny the collusion and delete them, including this one I'm replying to.
Paging @DonaldJTrumpJr
Looks like an obscure individual, tangentally associated with your campaign spoke with Russian government representatives. 
Sad, indeed.
Go your own way, let others say
Socialists globalists not interested in proof - just theater.  Stand your ground!
Ignore all of it I don't need to tell you this you know they're trying to distract you don't let them do it we are your army
No proof? Just you wait! And we don't want #Pence either. You're both #Hypocrits
Sounds like you're aware of the proof, just SAD that no one has found it yet!
You want sad? Look in the mirror!
#WestBank #Israel #Trump @UNHumanRights @EU_UNGeneva @UN
@FedericaMog
You are sad.
And yet Mueller continues to silently staff up with a wider range of preeminent lawyers. Remember Watergate took 2 years.
After 7 months of investigations &amp; committee hearings about my "collusion with the Russians,"  nobody has been able ...

You just keep thinking that you pathetic traitor. Vlad has you lock, stock and barrel. Sanctions, #ROSNEFT and  laundering will get you.
Did you implement the sanctions against Russia that Congress approved a month ago??? Did you..??? Where are the sanctions???
It'll be shown in due time. And there is a ton to show. So excited to see you spread wide open for all to gawk at.
You sound like a corrupt cop.
Russian sanctions and your tax returns are way overdue
This is what you’ll be doing for the foreseeable future
You'll be fine Donnie. I hear they have the very best ketchup in prison.
You are out of your mind, keep lying tho, also keeping changing subject from your failing presidency. #hack #NotMyPresident

#Mueller sends his best regards,
For he's holding all the cards.
He won't kneel at your command;
HE'LL know when to tip his hand.
You're sad, Donny! I can tell, your tweets are less bright and stupidly enthusiastic as they were just weeks ago! Poor widdle you, AWW... 
You are Russia's best tool to sow hatred & divison between Americans. Did you sell out to them so they would prop up your failed business?
After 7-months of investigations & committee hearings finally Fake 45 confirms that he did collude with the Russians. "About My Collusion."
Yes there is, just wait and see! Or  ask the nanny or the general #adultdaycarecenter #mob @SoSofieFatale @ChristineParini @tacohajo 
There is so much proof, your trial will be long and painful (for you.) America will rejoice watching you fall. Traitor
So if there was and is no collusion then why are you not protecting this country from proven Russian meddling? Get those sanctions going now!
Nope, you treasonous SOB!  The proof is there and you know it.  Sad applies to you.  You're lucky we're a democracy or you'd be exiled!
Dude. Just wait. Watergate investigation took two years.
Since you usually say the opposite of what you mean, I can only believe that you're hoping to be impeached so you don't have to quit. Sad
I don't think they're going to show the proof just yet. How about those sanctions????
Uranium One Means Mueller Must Recuse Himself
Tick tock. All gonna catch up to you.... just a matter of when
Fake President. Only enriching your family and friends. Dividing the country attacking hero's.
Liar liar liar
They have. You are going down.
Robert Mueller doesn't leak. The WH is witholding info Cant finish when there are new disgusting details being discovered every day
IMPEACH
oh it's going to get a lot sadder for you I'm afraid. Actually, that doesn't make me afraid at all.
You are a traitor and a mobster. Yr loyalty lies w and not the  #ImpeachTrumpAndPence
What is sad is your whole general exsistence. You’ll go down in history as one of the worst people. Ever.
Lol just keep sweatin it...they coming for you #DontheCon & i can't wait! #ImpeachTrump or better yet #25Amendment
Freudian slip there donny....my collusion. There, you finally said it. #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Mueller has the evidence and will be able to show A LOT of proof.  Enjoy your impeachment hearings, Don. Private life is calling your name.
That’s why the investigation continues and you look dirtier by the second.
I’m sure that’s how open investigations work Don.
Everyone can see you are terrified and guilty of being a traitor. You think this is bad wait till you and  your family go to prison. 4LIFE
You're making a joke right? Because there's enough proof to bury you! And trust me it's coming down so very soon! No twitter in prison 
The failing illegitimate @POTUS is desperate to convince the trumpers that there’s no collusion. A major story is probably about to break.
How about those sanctions?
You think we don't see the mountain of evidence? #GUILTY
PAPADOPOULOS
#ImWithMueller 
#ImWithMueller
#ImWithMueller
#ImWithMueller
#ImWithMueller
#ImWithMueller
#ImWithMueller
#ImWithMueller
SO MUCH PROOF THOUGH

dotard 
By this statement you admit your collusion with Russia. Now we have that from you own statement, kindly #RESIGN. Check with your attorney.
They are slow to pick up on all that evidence, maybe its true Donald. But, I think they just want to cover their bases and put you in jail.
Keep tweeting! How about obstruction, money laundering, self-dealing, sexual assault... break out federal and state-by-state please.
Proof you want? You will receive. So much proof, all the best proof. It will be "sinking through" soon.
By March 31, 2016 you were informed you had a Kremlin agent in your campaign. You COLLUDED when kept him on after being told he helps Putin.
Collusion is nothing compared to conspiracy, money laundering & tax evasion
7 months of investigations just illustrates how complex your treason is and how many crimes you have committed.
Calling all White House daycare workers - your big baby is getting into trouble again.
#eatshit
And there you have it fake 45..
You haven't quit yet because you think you can pardon yourself.


I did. I have.

It's on my Twitter feed right now. See the last 50 tweets.…
Do you need someone to explain what collusion means again?
Tweeting abt Ur Collusion back in Mar 2016 when Manafort came frm Ukr to be Ur Campaign Mgr, favors for Kremlin started & still happening.
You must be crazy!!! Completely guilty of treason...a traitor...wow
Did Mueller clear you? Asking for a friend?
Takes time. It’s coming. This sounds like a kid trying to convince themselves they won’t be found out.
Just because you say it doesn’t make it true. In fact you saying it means it’s a lie. Plenty of proof of collusion, obstruction of justice and money laundering. #ImpeachTrumpNow

As the subject of the investigation, you'll be the last to know, you know.
I can hear your lawyers saying “ what a moron” from here
Investigation is not over yet..you dotard
Proof of your collusion is all over Twitter. You just aren't following the right people. You are going to jail.
It’s coming .........
So you admit collusion?
So then you would have no problem testifying under oath and in public right?
You are a traitor to this nation and you will suffer the fate of a traitor. Look up. You will see the summit of Mt. KARMA approaching.
I spell it all our right here in a 33 page white paper
Everything is fully sourced and cited
Mueller has plenty of proof. Unlike you, he knows how to keep his people from leaking. Resign, you fraud!
Enough Time Wasting Fake News from CNN MSNBC ABC CBS NBC NPR etc. @POTUS We t People want our President Respected & Supported or you're gone
Still you are looking at Pardon to the entire family? Guilty, very gilty! #ImpeachTrump
#pardon me?  Oh, that's right, pardon you... and your family.
Oh, they will. Proof is on the way, Donny.
It took two years with Nixon. But, keep telling your core base that. That's what you did during campaign. Repeat lie again and again.
DonJr emails
Are you happy now, Orange Julius?  We now have proof.  Your equally 'intelligent" Son, Don Jr tweeted it out yesterday.  #TheResistance
Another tweet that did not age well. #TrumpRussia #RussiaGate #FredoTrump #ImpeachTrump #Resist
Give it time hun. I have a feeling this tweet is not going to age well..
@TheDemocrats SEEDY SOCIALISM OF SMOKE & MIRRORS 2 KEEP@BarackObama's AGENDA 2 RUN 'sIN2 BANKRUPTCY HANDING US OVER 2 THE EVIL GLOBALIST
Not proof you know about. Proof is usually presented ... at TRIAL. I'm sure we'll see you there soon enough though.
#PanamaPapers
Sad!!! You have been president for only 6 months and now we are witch hunt !!! #resign
They have plenty on U but they're smart enough 2 keep most of it quiet until UR being prosecuted. U know they've got U, coz UR panicking.
Lots of proof on Clinton's working with the Russians
nixon took two years. and yours is so much worse.
Be careful what u wish for
What is SAD is that you are the president, and a clown. SAD BIGLY!!
they just don't give up. Hang in there pres. Trump we believe in you.happy fathers day .
Getting more nervous&paranoid bythe day?Hour?Minute?I wonder howmany ofthe-corrupt,illegal,unethical-things you've doneyou caneven remember?
More Fake Goebbell News..drain the swamp...fire all OBama Bin Laden holdovers..more jobs for Trump supporterslet the left njoy unemployment
Yet stock market continues to impress, NASDAQ up 1.4 percent! Annual highs, record breaking since @POTUS took office. C'mon even dems invest
NO U ONLY HAVE RUSSIAN CRIME FAMILIES ENTRENCHED IN UR LIFE
libs up to their usual money wasting distractions.
When the investigation is done, Jared is going to jail and hopefully you.
If you lied less, maybe we could believe what you said.
Really because i just saw the new and their was a lot of evidence
All facts show Obama/Clinton & their staff commit collusion as NO ONE INVESTIGATES this "MATTER" (:)
Donald keep it going
The saddest thing is that you got elected. YOU should be fired. #ImpeachTrumpNOW #resist #Neverthelessshepersisted #DumpTrump #TrumpLies
Just leftover crybaby like Kim, HC. Etc. Wawawa MUSIC TO MY EARS, when they cry WTP WIN, Thank God for our constitution the liberals HATE
#Resist
The truth always has a way of coming out you old fool.
The point is that Russia interfered w/ 2016 election. Stop focusing on yourself! Show taxes, clear your name! Get all this over with! Tapes?
Only a loser can prolong defeat - Makaveli
Why is your WH using private email servers when you tried to hang President Hillary for doing the same thing?
No one is talking "collusion" but you. that's not a crime but conspiracy, aiding and abeting, witness influencing/intimidation are.
You're focused on Mueller but NY AG is the one that'll pit you away for life. Attica or Sing Sing could place to live your life out.
