In DC to interview @realDonaldTrump as 1st guest on new TV show debut Sat, Oct 7-8 at 8pm ET on @TBN  https://tbn.org/huckabee 
Just what we need to see - two nutjobs stroking each other's ego.
Yes, preacher Mike, who let rapist Wayne Dumond free to murder women and burglar Maurice Clemmons free to murder cops. Praise the lord.
convict of that nature (he did something violent as a teen) rarely being clear-cut, Maurice Clemmons was actually pretty much....
....a-okay during most of his life in Washington State.  It wasn’t until a few months before the shooting that he began showing signs of....
....insanity.  I WOULD, however, blame the Washington-State judge who let him out on bail a few months before the shooting for an....
....insanity-related offense.
What, are you gonna be discussing your Christian morality mister cheat on every wife and grab women by the pussy? Sad.
#TrumpResign
He’s disgusting
Great interview Mr President.
So tell me, when did trump lusting after his daughter & grabbing women by the pussy & sex trafficking become christian virtues? Asking 4 GOD

You mean former President Mike Huckabee.
https://youtu.be/jjXyqcx-mYY 
You're so vain, I bet you think this song is about you!
I can untag you if you want, meant to pin the one directly at him. But no one reads my late tweets, work 3 jobs, sry again.
Thx
who give of shit
Do a real interview you fraud!
Oh my. Two of the most moronic people to 'grace' our nation. Just imagine what will be said and what old man jokes will not be laughed at
Will be joining @GovMikeHuckabee tonight at 8pmE on @TBN. Enjoy! https://twitter.com/govmikehuckabee/status/915883629678661633 …

k
Racists unite!!!  Oh boy!


Maybe Reverend Huckabee could hear your confessions....
I bet you can't recite one verse from the Bible. You called second Corinthians two Corinthians.
Giving the dog a bath
Oh great..two Liars in the same room
You guys should do some improv.
#TrumpTaxScam
 “Trump isn't telling the truth about his tax plan. So I am.”
God can watch all the ass kissing.
Liar in Charge,  the darkest places in hell are reserved for those who maintain their neutrality in times of moral crisis! Dante Alighieri
Why? You'll lie and contradict yourself.
What a joke.....and please get SHS some decent clothes and fix her hair....BTW the pearls just don't work!
You will be joining

Making America Great Again
I'll be watching. Love you both.
Don't care
Ha. One of the stations that is almost worse than Fox. Of course.
I saw this already.  He tells you your greatest asset is Melania.
This is true but I wouldn't consider her his asset.  She wants a divorce.
No one wants to see you answer questions from a man who kisses your butt.  How about going on CNN for once?
I hear your cabinet is planning something behind your back....
I would love to see you allow Jake Tapper interview you... how about that?
I’d rather see Rachael Maddie do it!
Ugh... Maddow! Hate autocorrect!
Trump's a coward..
Rachel would tear him up!
I'm sure it will be entertaining and interesting, unlike SNL!
Thanks for the warning! Now I know exactly what to skip!
Are you going to be talking to Mike about how much Sarah sucks as White House press secretary? You really should.
Pos traitor
NOBODY CARES! Honestly! NOBODY
#TrumpIsAMoron heard you talked about what a private woman #FLOTUS is 
#traitortrump
Bend,Or
I won’t but thanks for reminder to avoid it
Hilarious. "It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God." Mark 10:25
Selling special paper towels blessed by Mike and Donny. Stock up now. You’ll need them to clean up after the rapture takes up the good ones
Great! Tell him his daughter is a troll for me!
You guys couldn't get booked on a real show?
No one cares
will you be killing dogs
Governor Huckabee unblock me coward
yes he does that's why he blocked me
no he blocked me because I made a joke that bothered him very much and he needed a safe space.
no it's because I made a joke about his kids killing dogs
Northwest Florida Impact in 2016 Election ... Top Notch Topic!  Reflect & Focus on Hard Working Americans Who Voted  Let @SarahHuckabee Knock Out 'fake news'  We Empower What Receives Our Focus ...Focus on American Families & Military

Mxknvzknvzknz
Hi
Huckabee was advised by the president of the Council On Foreign Relations, has spoken to them. It's a Rockefeller elitist, secretive, one-world government group very subversive to the U.S. http://www.wnd.com/2007/11/44290/print/ … https://wordpress.com/view/alttruthaltfactblog.wordpress.com … Bet Donald blocks me in 3 seconds.
Nothing personal against Huckabee, don't know much about him. New World Order types are all over the governmnet - Federal, sometimes called "The Federal Establishment," and (here) State. When I started Twittering, happened to see his name and knew he was associated with CFR.
Cp in kgskdjd
I could just watch "Alice in Wonderland" to the same effect.
Hire me : https://goo.gl/WuzNW6 
my portfolio:http://rtahmin.com 
I would rather scrub toilets with my bare hands than watch that  show!  Hot mess!  No thanks 
I would rather lick toilets clean than watch those two bloated bigots.

and ignorant people he has to deal with!!!!!!!!!
RT Channel 372 DirectTV in 15 minutes! @MichaelDelauzon
:  (
I don't have Direct TV.
It’s on TBN
gotcha, thanks

I couldn't watch that! You #45, for a "supposed" educated, honor graduate of a "prestigious' University , you SORELY lack command of the English language!! Did u EVER take a speech class.  You ramble on & on. NEVER answer the questions! RAMBLING MANCHILD!
Love it!
Wow..#TwoMorons
Great show. God bless you both!
The only people watching will be the few thousand of moronic Trump supporters before they go have a few beers & sex with their cousins
I fell asleep
GET OFF OF TWITTER
Help us in CA wildfires many people in need
32%, Mr. Trump.
Another tRump tv station! I think the Democrats should get Equal Time! #TrumpIsAMoron
Huckabee is amusing in a zero credibility sort of way

Real leaders don't need to constantly talk about what a good job they think they're doing. You are NOT doing a good job. You're harming US
This is the real #consequences of #war. You are answerable to US, to the #people.  We do NOT want this for #innocent #NorthKorea #victims
So the father of a dog killer and a man who raped a 13 year old girl get to be on TV?  wonderful.
Congratulations on appearing on TBN!
We’ll see about what is said tv only puts on what we want to hear right isn’t it fake news we’ll see sir
I think it's time you resign.
#fuckingmoron
I would prefer to watch paint dry, while chewing sand. Why watch a fake President and a fake Christian patting each other on the back.
Two losers together on one show...I won't be watching!
Make sure you do your eyelashes like Sara. Doesnt that woman look in the mirror?
Two nitwits in one place at one time. Can't wait.
I would rather chew glass
Well he couldn’t go back to fox,after running. For President.
#TrumpIsAMoron #RESIGN #RESISTANCE

Huckabee is boring.
What a pair!!! Ha, ha, ha!!
Equal time. How may democrats are allowed time in this "show"?
Because you don’t get airtime, right?
Who cums first?
IDIOT....MORON
#IMPEACH #IMPEACH #IMPEACH
So the biggest liar ever, and the creep who's daughter lies on a daily basis. Should be a real meeting of the minds.
#MORONPOTARDS

What would be enjoyable about that? Sound absolutely horrid..just saying.
ME  TOO

oh a father daughter brain dead agenda @PressSec & @GovMikeHuckabe , with a child visiting,  a pajama party of the idiots and morons & liars
Like a truly demented ep of Hee Haw.
Sicko
What he you bhole...mike likes to fuck them
The Trumps are in bed with Russia if anyone in the GOP is in bed with the Trumps America will vote you out! NO Trump LEGISLATION EVER!!!
Thanks for the warning, now I know which channel NOT to watch.
And one for the guvner
You and Mike Huckabee deserve each other. I'll be busy doing anything else.
Something be done to these low life’s destroying our Monuments and people property and getting away with it !!!!!
Looking forward to watching. #MAGA

Oh Goody
Backing another LOSER, eh, Don?
Boy @GovMikeHuckabee you really kissed his ass.
the same Mike Huckabee whose son abused a stray dog at camp?  The same one whose offspring lies to the American public for a living?  YipEEEE!  #imwithrex
Thanks for the heads up, but I'll be watching @RachMaddow, a hell of a lot more informative and entertaining!

Tell him to come get his daughter before she keeps making more of a fool of herself sad to watch her lie for you w/all that makeup on sad
I'm watching 
You are not on a TV show for ratings anymore Donald, wake up you fool
Am I the only person who thought "If this isn't a circle jerk I don't know what is". Who spends 30 minutes praising himself? #Loser
Gross display
I didn't see it, but can he tell Sarah to stop saying Um or Ah between literally every word she speaks? Thanks! #TheResistance

Ge2020:IF Trump vs Clinton again 
Who is your vote #Trump #HillaryClinton #Election2017 #Poll #electionpoll #vote  vote and retweet #USA #UN
the moron twins
Your ratings sucked!!!
How’s his dog killing son?
Who gives a flying fuck?
#fucktrump
Complaining to the Christian Right how abused you are! Put you big girl panties on and grow up!

Your fake, opportunistic religiosity is an affront to many many people, I can tell you. Believe me. 
I agree 100%.
I would do anything to not hear your whiny voice. So I'm going to watch reruns of SNL instead
Are they bringing “Big Sarah” along for translation? Cause you know, what she sez is the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth
Thankfully, we’ll miss it.
You are a prime example of what's wrong with America.Fake Christian. Just a right wing patriarchal hypocrite jerk. I'm sick of Repub zealots
The dumb interviewing the dumber.  Spewing hate one word at a time.
  NO THANKS 
#RESIGN #RESIGN #RESIGN #RESIGN
Might I suggest some talking points? https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/08/22/president-trumps-list-of-false-and-misleading-claims-tops-1000/?utm_term=.8ae7b249761f … Have fun!
Good. Ask him about his psychopath son and if he’s still torturing animals to death
Nah. #ImpeachTrump
HICKABEE and his HILLBILLY HOUSEWIFE SERIAL LIER daughter needs to get LOST
as if we don't have to listen to Sarah's white trash Arkansas accent enough
Ratings will be low. Trump is losing. "Sad"! 
great interview! love his show-informative, no yelling over each other, great insights, great music! & Huckabee on base with 3 dog night!!!
And afterwards his daughter can come out and tell everyone that's how a real journalist should act.  Before lying to the Free Press.
No. Couple of morons jerking each other off. Why would we watch that shit show?

#TheResistance
#ImpeachTrump
Well I can see who your target audience is. Whack job, alt-right so called Christian evangelicals. That’s your only supporters
Who gives a HUCKABEE
I'll be tuning in just for the topics...How to reverse policy instituted by a black guy?  How to have Russia rig an election?
Snowflake! Can't take a real interview with a real reporter?
Give you bigotry training?
You have no bones to stand up to an open interview to all news channels - they will expose your empty brain and all the lies.  U R scared
