#MoronInChief
Once again, Trump says one thing and does another.
Yes, you are right as usual. But I guess the women in your small little country are more dangerous for you. Aren't them? ;)
America should lead the world in respecting the rule of law, is what it makes America great. Promoting injustice and torture is not in America interest.
#9/11 was inside job,well financed and executed by Saudi Arabia, US alli
what U did about proof of #Saudi's attaché in US#suporting#9/11#highjackers?shame on you protcting Saudis,the realterrorist
US intelligence has proof of Saudi Arabia's attaché living in their Villas in US brought finance,support to 9/11 highjacker
where is the proof of that?you,your administration and your kind are big treat to all human race.
Then why, donnie, is the US recruiting, training and equipping more killers for world terrorism?
Due process, right?
@potus Anyone without criminal charges should be released or charged with a crime. What is more anti-American than putting people in prison without criminal charges? It is against our law. Don’t think that America can do whatever it wants without any consequences. #usa #maga
Lock up the DNC with terrorists. Hillary, Pelosi, Schumer, Perez and Waters. Dangerous, more so than Iran. #BADAMERICANS
#Winning
Agreed!
then please at least be sure to add to GITMO'S population. Soon?
Take them out!  Save us taxpayers a lot of money and save innocent peoples lives!
#MAGA #Patriot
Trump needs to get Gitmo right - …http://savinggraceatguantanamobay.com.ridder.co/OzXg6R  From FEB 2017 
I agree.
Good and be sure to make room for the corrupt politicians that will hopefully be convicted soon, including HRC, Obama, Podestas, Susasn Rice, DWS, etc.
I would like to think that some of them r already there. I hear the #ClintonFoundation & #ClintonGlobalInitiativeare are being investigated & that the tangled web is going to get most #Politicians. I am not sure how they will identify which ones 2 inv first - maybe the rich ones
Obama’s family
the he'll with that pos Feinstein
Radical Islam declared war on us. Shouldn't we do the same to them? Then they could be detained  until the war is over, right?
Feinstein is NOT mentally fit to serve in the Senate!  Does she really think these Gitmo detainee's are going to be good boys if released ? Liberal Democrats are a danger to the American people. Mr. President, please push for TERM LIMITS before you leave office.
Hell NO
*** Or have served their sentence
*** unless they are innocent
Democrats want them back though.
Ur ignorance & stupidity r enormous! U know. I thing of these git@o detainers! Most of em r innocent & have been held there for years 5+ in many cases & still have not been charged with a crime! For the love of God read a book or newspaper on this issue & seek help immediately!
I am so angry with trump tonight that I have misspelled!! Forgive me for my errors!!!
This isn't your decision alone to make. We do have 2 other branches of gov't.
Obama released several prisoners back into society & they were welcomed opened arms back into their terrorist groups.(Along with pallets of cash)the 2 branches of Govt were by-passed.We are only allowed to be murdered & defiled, not allowed real choices only delusions of freedom.
Then charge them with a crime and prove it.
Fils de chien ces americains
@orjustthinkit fill it back up with Antifa!
@BigDuhie1955 agree with you 100% can. you di that Mr President or must it come fom congress?
did the 9 bullet point bi-weekly security briefing have room for all that?
there are some bad people out there. Take your job more seriously. Ganbatte.
you really scare me
@POTUS that "should" should be replaced with Will not!!
love you Trump
people good was .is very very dificult
You're as bad - maybe worse.
...is there room for trump and his idiots there?
...shaddup
...yes sir it is, now shaddup
- How do we ban you from the White House.
- ...we're all loser with Trump.
- ..do you ever get out of your cape - when and if you do you might think better.
The most dangerous person out there is you......rich, arrogant and totally devoid of common sense is a poor combination!!
No worse than deluded Trump-ites with their blinkered opinions.....and these fools are also armed!! #scary
Nice reply.....you off out tonight with the rest of the Klan members!!!
Amen!
Agree, should never be released and have a military trial.
@DebraMMason1 thank you
: Nice to have a CiC knows what he's doing.  Thank you, Sir!
Can we recapture the ones the Traitor in ex-Chief freed?
The worst of the worst remain.. KSM  and others.... they should never be released.
PREZ
STILL OK
U NOT PREZIDENT YET?
YOUR TIME IS COMING UP SOON
希望您能在世界和平与稳定方面发挥重要作用。
We support you
IN FACT retrieve every last one his highness let go and put them BACK IN GITMO ...but don't forget: #shutthedangborder
yes!
So you've reviewed each of their files? No?
congress voted to close and move them out. Isn't a govt mandate a real and necessary contract?
If anyone can have this taxpayer money pit closed in a year, it's you Sir.
hey FAKE PRESIDENT!
So now you're saying that you have no faith in US prisons either? You shouldn't be allowed in the White House
you belong in gitmo
; Says the man who know little about honorable conduct in conflict in war or peace!
This is, if it goes through, my first tweet: Thank you for caring enough about our country to do what needs to be done.
yeah ... nothing like Twitter for all that important presidential stuff. Can't wait to see the launch codes!
You are an extremely dangerous person. Maybe we should send you there.
maybe @KellyScaletta should go there instead!! @realDonaldTrump  IS our President Elect! Show some respect!
I will enjoy your trial.
at least you tell the truth
Megyn Kelly gets big job at NBC News for an undisclo$ed amount, for only ONE reason, she's a cray cray Trump Hater LOL
Just because they're brown and have names you cant pronounce it doesn't make them dangerous.
You're going to be president in under a month. Don't you have something better to do than tweet?
.I gather all nations against Jerusalem to battle; Now the Lords feet stand on the Mt of Olives  https://youtu.be/dmQ5FxF-eDE?list=PLqkpf6ervgF1Gt60UKqcbkf-e8A_8Td1j …
Statistics already show a huge percentage of those already released have gone right back into terrorism against the US!
absolutely no releases from gitmo
When are you telling us the insider info re: hacking you promised? Are all these tweets to distract?
The Return of Civil Disobedience http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2017/01/09/the-return-of-civil-disobedience?mbid=nl_January%202nd%202017%20(1)&CNDID=24679745&spMailingID=10154320&spUserID=MTMzMTgyNTgxNzE4S0&spJobID=1080123507&spReportId=MTA4MDEyMzUwNwS2 … #TuesdayMotivation @realDonaldTrump
History, facts, & due process say otherwise but of course those things don't concern you, @realDonaldTrump. https://www.hrw.org/video-photos/interactive/2016/04/18/guantanamo-facts-and-figures …
Did you just pull those numbers out of your ass to make a meme? Keep doing it, it's working to destroy the dems

so put them on trial then prison or release
That's how the Majority of the American voters who voted for Hillary Clinton think the same as you! #TinyhandsTrump
I don't know about you but my crib ain't considered a battlefield. I live in a neighborhood clown.
How would you know?
You couldn't distinguish your ass from your elbow Don B. Quotey.
Gitmo stands against every American value. Close Gitmo. No more extrajudicial prisons.
Are you ever going to hold a press conference?
so you're just going to spew tweets on any subject without any game plan? Someone needs to up their adderall prescription
why use a fake pic of Harrison Ford?
Thank you for your leadership pertaining to this matter.
We should keep a cell available just for you.
каждое Ваше слово-для нас наказ! мы Вас любим!!!
дайте успех Америке-будет успех для всех!!!
They are aiding and abetting the enemy every time they release these killers
why won't you hold a press conference so we can hear directly from you and not through your Twitter account?
no, no little Trumpie. He gets the same kind of scrutiny you people afforded HRC and Obama. Have a seat.
you people didn't seem to know the difference, so you can sit in your karma.
no problem tweeting if you are you're hiding from somebody
.@realDonaldTrump tell it like it is, dude.
deport
.@PatRobsNOw @bmphillips1976 @realDonaldTrump please don't just joking! Im not legal here :(
.@AZCONSERVATIVE3 @FBI another snitch?? Please delete this tweet, i want no problem with feds. I will give you food vouchers for a year OK??
AHAHAHAHAHHA!
sure how would you know know what a battlefield looks like? #draftdodger
then charge them with something. release the innocent ones first though
INNOCENT? You don't go to Gitmo if you're innocent. LOL
=" I have absolutely no education in this subject".
Oh? So you're saying we just pick a name out of a hat and stick them in Gitmo?
no rather, we have a vague suspicion and throw them into gitmo
sounds good enough to me
not to me, why our constitution has due process
fuk em they are combatants gitmo it to good for em
.@realDonaldTrump Donald, we're thrilled you're thinking big President thoughts, but every time you tweet a new issue it seems scattered.
i've fallen in love with you daily
I think of you whenever I drink La Croix which is often because I am a human cliche. xo
it's "you're"
.@realDonaldTrump & if you plan to send more people to Guantánamo, we will fight you every inch of the way. http://bit.ly/DontLeaveGitmo 
.@realDonaldTrump you're a liar. We can't make you stop spreading false information but we'll call you out on it
-Charitable fraud
-Racketeering
-Sexual assault
-Wage theft…
you belong in Gitmo since you cuddle w/Putin at night. My b, I meant your daddy at night
Not gonna happen but nice intelligent response 
isn't that Trump supporters argument? Y'all aren't deplorable even though you voted for a racist? Good try again tho
hey why not waterboard them and make sure they don't get a chance to breath!! Make it look like an accident. /s
Mr. Pres - please state releasing Gitmo prisoners is willful and intentional gross negligence - personal liability for BO.
Yes you are so right.These people will hurt people again if released for sure.
Close it down or at least charge the inmates with something! The Gulags of the "Soviet Union of America!"
why are you siding with Assange on Intel/Russian hacking but say Snowden is a traitor? Peculiar.
Agree totally These people are too dangerous.Obama doing it as a political move AGAIN!
God is not politically correct and had no mercy for demon god nations
they never should have been released another muslim move by obama
and there's probably innocents in there too, ask the mayor of London
/ it's quite obvious that Obama is an Islamic terrorists sympathser  if Mr Trump wasn't elected President we Would B Dead
We should close Gitmo.
#Lock them up
if they weren't dangerous before they surely are now.
Um, why are you announcing that on TWITTER?
GITMO SHOULD BE CLOSED
with or without a trial Trump? With or without torturing, Trump?
Don't close Gitmo.
looks aiding Pak to build nukes is threat 4all ... how about a #NoAid2Pak stop feeding snakes
@POTUS Please, please stop these transfers!
, agree
EXACTLY!
Of course not! Counting on you to deport all Muslims who hate us, and search the Mosques. Please don't let anymore in.
#stupid & crooked
There should be no more releases from your Twitter account. This PEOTUS making a mockery of highest office. #TweeterInChief
Then they should book you as the last prisoner & enforce that rule. #notmypresident
agreed!
Please save room for Obama, Clinton's, Holder, Jarrett and Lynch! All belong there, not in USA! They're traitors!
That fool Obama is purposely trying to hurt the USA as he did from the start. What a idiot, nothing between the ears.
No more ,we agree. We should send people with death sentences & lifers there as well. All other prisons for drug dealers
for sure!!!!!
how do you know?
they aren't as dangerous as you!!!
Yeah, and that is a no brainer!
Hmmm. If he only had a Brain?!?!
Well said
Mr President Trump hold this cock suker obama responsibility if they harm one American. Let him no this.
These are nice people who could befriend criminal immigrants .See the humanitarian point of view, Mr. Trump.
But the CLOWN in the WH is releasing 4 more just for spite! He hates America!
I hope you realize HOW dangerous he is & where his backing came/comes from. Top agencies over/under him by his decree.
I was a Muslim and agree with Mr.Trump.Islam is very evil, more so than you can imagine.It hides itself as a religion.
I do not think Obama cares
I do believe you must continue to tweet.  It is code.  liberals do not read! They need to hear something and respond.
You should bomb the shit out of them, go after their families, right?  You are a crazy old coot.  #trumpleaks
, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed NOT primary architect of 911. I created document, "A Noble War", to enter war with Iraq in 1991.
Do u know where Gitmo is Just testing u a bit Name 5 kinds of birds hmmm Alzheimers?
Now that's great. Finally a President with teeth. And common sense
Bad hombres.
how do you know? Judge, jury, president all in one.  Who needs due process in a free country? #closegitmo
I agree...
With you on that!!
Shut up, and study for the Press   Conference you are afraid to do.
give them a last meal and shoot them..
59 men are held at Guantánamo. 20 of these men have been recommended for release by high-level U.S. Gov review processes.
Don, agree, and I think you should think about renting out empty #Gitmo cells to the EU to house terrorists.  thx
@jamesmorandojr something is not right if he wants to release them and put them back in the open it just not right
Then put these people on trial. We're the USA, not Russia!
You shouldn't be allowed in the Oval Office!
And you would know this how.....the many intelligence briefings you attend? Didn't think so.
agree %.  If we release anymore, the men and women that serve will look like dogs chasing their tails.
Besides, my next apprentice show will be based there.  I'll like to see them try to keep the truth from Gary Busey!
You don't except intel How the fuck would you know Is it a crystal ball? Do you use a physic? Perhaps a palm reader!
, in 1991 I wrote "A Noble War" #ANW911 to propagate & use fear to convince congress to wage War on Terror for O.I.L. & war$
- Dear Mr President. I'd like you to encourage to make 100% certain that what info that you're been fed isn't fabriacted!
