You r the most amazing President you inspire ALL of us ur incredible EXAMPLE. Very proud of you that your our President forever we hope!
Ladies and Gentlemen, say bye bye to Jason Chaffetz! Leave of absence, huh? Things heating up w/that investigation?
Yet another meaningless piece of paper. Why can't you pass any laws?

BREAKING: Wilbur Ross business links with Putin family detailed in leaked files. via @guardian  https://www.theguardian.com/news/2017/nov/05/trump-commerce-secretary-wilbur-ross-business-links-putin-family-paradise-papers?CMP=share_btn_tw …
"Aluminum Imports and Threats to National Security". Is this anything to do with all the tinfoil you & Trump Nation are using up?
Just saw interview u did. 
Q: Are blacks targeted by police more than whites?
Ur answer: "Well, u know, we have to go in & create more jobs.
STUPID!
Aluminum imports are a distraction from General Flynn and #KremlinGate. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #TrumpRussia
What fresh fuckwittery is this?  #TrumpRussia #WeAreNotDistracted #TrumpRussia #WeAreNotDistracted #TrumpRussia #WeAreNotDistracted

Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross has profited handsomely from a shipping company with business ties to Putin’s family http://nyti.ms/2j3XZGn 
Present: all a memory of success re: aluminum. // Present: there is no new idea; fortify.
батя, как там Ванька ?
Amen!
Keep moving forward you're doing a great job please keep it up!! 
Donald Trump is the greatest threat to US Security.
No; that was Barrack Obama et al. for 8 long years.
Nooo...that really would be Donald Trump.
Really because I don't remember waking up evert morning and checking the news to make sure I wasn't dead during the Obama years.
They make medications for that.
I heard they were "impeach" flavored.
That won't fix generalized anxiety disorder or paranoid schizophrenia.
Oh I think they will.
Great contribution.

Your town knows where you are.
Who wrote that for you?
HAHAHAHA
Praying for you @realDonaldTrump #AmericaFirst
You should. He's going to jail for #Trumprussia
I am Sorry... He said some dump things again :( #DumpTrump
LOL, love all of the data coming to the forefront. You can't run away now.
Aluminium is a threat to national security !!! Why are the Koreans hiding it ???
LOLZ  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA 
Can't wait to see you on Saturday in Harrisburg PA
Wow, you're really doing so much. Traitor# @AP @POTUS @cnnbrk @donlemon @AC360
Yuge!!!
Memorandum:

Show us your taxes, Comrade Donald!
Funny notion, I know. But Hillary is not now and never has been president. So what's your point?
His point is we kicked Hillary ass
Reminder: 3 million more Americans voted for Hillary than for Trump. The Electoral College appointed him, thanks to GOP #gerrymandering.
Thank you
When are you going to start DOING something?
get em potus !!
You look out of place
Deuteronomy 28:7
“The Lord will cause your enemies who rise against you to be defeated [1/2]
before your face; they shall come out against you one way and flee before you seven ways. [2/2]
what if God's ultimate plan is to make sure Republicans are so bad they never get elected again?
I think gods plan is no more dems
I think you're about as far removed from reality as most RW Evangelicals. Try again Bubba!
Fake polls that's all u got ?? Whoose the face of your party ?? Pocahontas perez biden crooked ? You haven't got anyone worth a shit
No  no no!! That's the last thing these swamp worshippers need!
Our security will be 10 THOUSAND times better without a muslim in charge of the White House! From now on it's going to be

AMERICA FIRST!!
Republicans are the party of 9/11 and economic collapse. Never forget.
Janey- I can be your hero baby, I can kiss away the pain, I will stand by you forever, you take my breathe away. #Hero #Enrique
Backing down on NAFTA, I see.  Who got to you, #presidentchickenshit?
Congratulations on having more meaningless photo ops in #First100Days than any @POTUS in history. Vote for a reality TV star, get a show!

You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
Fear. Fear. Fear. Fear. Fear. Keep it going Donald. Fear. Fear. Fear.

New: Trump commerce secretary Wilbur Ross's business link to Putin's family detailed in huge #ParadisePapers leak https://www.theguardian.com/news/2017/nov/05/trump-commerce-secretary-wilbur-ross-business-links-putin-family-paradise-papers …
From who?
Apparently everyone. I am having a hard time finding any polls that suggest otherwise.
What poll? I've never been polled. What's the last poll you were contacted on?
The monorail project in Seattle I think was the last one. Do you think all polls are made up because they don't fit your agenda?
No all polls are simply made up. Unbelievable that morons believe them.
Trump believes polls when they're in his favor. Does that make him a moron?  I think you confirmed what the majority of Americans think 

Day before #TrumpTaxScam mark up starts, #ParadisePapers show Mnuchin, Cohn, Ross all linked to offshore tax havens. https://www.theguardian.com/news/2017/nov/05/paradise-papers-leak-reveals-secrets-of-world-elites-hidden-wealth …
DonaldJohn you read like a 6 year old.

Presidential Memorandum for the @CommerceGov, @SecretaryRoss re: Aluminum Imports and Threats to National Security:… htt...
Thank you Mr. Secretary for getting #POTUS to act!  

It’s a NATSEC issue & we’ve been in surrender #TradeWar for decades.  

Let’s also address #RareEarth minerals!

Burns Harbor is the only supplier of 'made & manufactured in the USA' of Navy armor plate
So important.  check back to how much was actually exported to n. Korea and when.  collusion? incomparable.
Breathtaking.
well yeah.... @realDonaldTrump can write his own name and maybe even read, that IS breathtaking by his follower's standards!
but he has ivy league education and the best words, how can it be?
Wait is this for the Commerce Dept or the Treasury Dept? Your WH doesn't seem to know the difference…
The same George Soros funded, semen sucking, shrill fake news troll, trying to subvert genuine democracy by pretending to be real citizen!
First 100 days
Thinks he might accomplish (NAFTA and wall) aren't actual accomplishments.

Hey the wall is for safety of THE PEOPLE, not "his" wall. u think POTUS is building it for himself? Keep obstructing. Elections wb great!Lol
How is it about the safety of the people? Communities with high populations of illegal immigrants tend to have lower crime rates, violent...
I disagree. The Wall w/b built, the travel ban w/b restored & America will not be a socialist Obama-laced communist country any longer. Deal
You're embarrassing yourself
Mr. Egghead bye
YES WE DO!
Yet you import Russian steel.
MICHAEL FLYNN!!!!!!!
.@realDonaldTrump - Expansion in the search for trade wars? Go get them, Tiger!
ALUMINIUM
Release your taxes for the last 10 years!!!!!!
You should be ashamed. Pushing falsehoods and outright bullshit to fit your agenda, then blame the other side for "fake news."
How about a PM or EO regarding the importation of Slovenian super models and their threats to National Security.
How about instead of Exec.Order you actually try and "leg·is·late" say it with me... something, anything. We just want to see you do it. LOL
Another video with no black people. You are racist! At least Hungjung Kim likes black people.
You can read? Wow, but do you understand what you are reading? I don't think so or else you would rethink your staffs policies.
You are a threat to national security.
Dang..not a Latin African Asian Polynesian person behind you..

you a no brain
161,000 US jobs are reliant on Aluminum imports from Canada . Have fun explaining they lost their jobs because of "security ". #SAD
Get OBAMA 4 8 years of Dictator
Notice how all the women are protecting their parts...#grabberinchief #fakepresident #firethefool
So that's the secret igrediant, aluminum? I  aways thought tanks were made of steel or titanium. I feel safer now when I drink Coke in cans
Blah, blah, blah. Where are your taxes?
During @WJC Fugitive Tax cheat Marc Rich manipulated Aluminum market from Zug, Swit against US Cos. @EricHolder arranged pardon/campaign $.
ready to import Russian Aluminum, Wilbur your Syria bombs comment of entertainment is a sickening  to US Troops risking their lives. #Shame
In case of war who do we depend on Russia or China for production?  We need to be awake up & be productive to defend ourselves.
Wow you're really memo-ing up a storm there Trumpster. Can't have too many memos. But wouldn't you rather be golfing? FORE!!!

@doedeer1664 this isn't a fucking game trump or tv
You're ALL DEPLORABLE!!!
Train wreck!
YOU ARE A THREAT TO NATIONAL SECURITY AND SO IS YOUR FAMILY

how is aluminum a threat to national security...seems everything in the world is a threat to national security.what a knob
100 days in office and you've achieved nothing, little orange man.
Mike Flynn...you hired a known spy...NO ONE CAN TRUST YOU. YOU HAD A SPY SITTING RIGHT NEXT TO YOU.
I remember u giving Obama so much grief for executive orders. A GOP House & Senate you're accomplishing nothing. We knew you were a con man
FEAR NOT!!!
TRUMP T=TRUMP R=RUNS U=UNDER M=MARY'S P=PROTECTION
Our Lady's Peace Plan, Over Atheistic Communism...Family Rosary
What will Flynn say about you if gets immunity. Don't  crap your pants yet. Impeach Trump
The United States must suddenly overwhelm Korea, silently and act, as a warning to any dictator.
we could also recycle and maybe get a little money for it again
Don't want to hear your B.S.
Do you realize that we know this is all a show and is meaningless right? Just trying to make it look like you accomplished something. "Fraud
If an outside country controls an entire important to the USA it is a security issue... snowflake!
Love our president!!! Had done so much in a bit of time.even with demrats chasing him constantly. God Bless you pres.Trump
now Laura.  Let's not lie to ourselves and others
Candy you must be a lib.go start a fund for poor killerys bail
I need to have an abortion first and cash my Soros check
Not embarrassing u're self and the USA.  How hard would it be, really?  U have the accessibility to be able to learn to read, & or overcome
Fraud

GET RIDE OF PAUL RYAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.
Andrew Hanen must be disbarred.  He is not concerned about our safety but whether he makes Soros happy.  He will be sorry.  God is not happy
#ilovemypresident
The American People have lots of questions about Wilbur Ross and Bank of Cyprus. When will you make him available to answer?
@realDonaldTrump is a russian stooge...
ROTFL..YOU SAID THE SAME THING ABOUT STEEL!!! NOW WHERE DID THE PIPES FOR THE STUPID PIPELINE COME FROM AGAIN? O YEAH...RUSSIA!WHAT A LIAR.
Pipe had been ordered years ago and was being stored so he didn't lie. And some of the pipe was made in the US, maybe do a lil research.
I prefer @LateNightDonald to you. Why don't you guys swap jobs?
More photo ops for you to TRY to look presidential?? GOP Congress won't play ball with you!! THAT should tell you volumes!!
Donald Trump hated by a majority of Americans as he is a pathogical liar and only cares about $$$ for himself!
THANK YOU TRUMP.. WE KNOW THIS IS NOT EASY TO CLEAN YEARS  OF CORRUPTIONS BAD DEAL AND BAD POLITICS . . YOU ARE DOING  GOOD
.@RepCummings didn't stand up & tell America.@POTUS44 funded the MB to invade Syria & start a war with over 500,000 dead so far
Really, do you know how many trees are being killed so that you can write worthless EOs?
Tinfoil hats for everyone!  That's the trick.

LISTEN to the message Angus King is sendin' us today about the #TrumpRussia scandal.  Prosecutorial help will LIKELY be needed.  Bang! 
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Idiots below
Aluminum?!?! National Security?!?! Someone is Desperate! Desperate, indeed!!
Yes bc you need all that tin foil for them hats you pass out at your rallies!! Too easy 
Trump must raise tariffs on all imports to show the same will done unto foreign nations as they do unto America.
Another narcissistic photo op! The only things you've accomplished in the 1st 100 days are useless non- actionable EO's! Far more than Obama
Don't forget the rare earth. The situation is even worse.

You are the biggest threat to National Security!!
Democrats and liberal's are so brainwashed. Boo hoo go to your safe places Mommas basement Obstructionist clueless  anti American socialist
U r being played by everyone because u r uninformed. U admit to learning from people with whom u r negotiating! Would u do that in business?
Threat to National Security? As bad as Michael Flynn?
Look at that  , its All Whites,  in New Zealand they have All Blacks. Yin&Yang is real people
Your a threat to national security
