Kaan grow up man.  Try once in your life to not be negative.  At least the POTUS is making an effort to proactive on helping those effected.
Lol, praying is not being proactive
Are you so nieve as to think people including the POTUS are just praying?  Stop watching fake news media and you might learn a something.
Jump to conclusions much? I merely stated that praying isn't being proactive. It isn't. You should take your own advice , Bri
Being negative much?  Thanks for pointing out the obvious Cptn. Obvious.  That was so mature adult of you.  Try tweeting something valuable.
Your TL consists of not one valuable tweet Brian, so piss off chump
Yeah negative people wouldn't get much value out if it.  I have no doubt about that.  Luckily it's not for them.
And we all know what use praying to a figment of our imagination does!
Wow, that was not needed at all, he cares for these people, and it is not the right time to say things like that.
Trump et al don't care for anyone but themselves. Prayer is the equivalent of doing nothing
yet aid was sent b4 the storm. You are a nothing I agree
It wasn't' sent by the Trumps, but nice try . Thanks for playing
FEMA & national guard  was sent ahead of Irma.did you have a point? No just babbling.
Yes, my point is that the Trumps don't care for anyone but the Trumps. Comprehension not easy for you I see, not surprised
your point is asinine based on bs. Nothing wrong w my comprehension. You are a hater no matter what trump does you will hate
thank you for praying and keep praying that storm away, in Jesus name!
Yes,  please keep praying, that will help .... NOT
how sad for you...prayer is my reality...please...what a dud you are!
I prefer to help over prayer, not only does it feel good to actually do something, I like results. Sad that your reality is in your head
your reply literally made me lol...still laughing....ha ha ha ha ha

How much is your dad going to lie about to insurance co regarding damage to his properties in SoFlo? I'm a SoFlo resident. Crook in chief!
Worried about Daddy's properties, I see.
Could you just feel compassionate and not self absorbed in your pity
Oh, I feel compassion for everyone involved in this storm.  I'm just not duped by a family of grifters pretending they care.

If we are using memes...LOL
His charity is currently under investigation for stealing money from cancer patients.
Ok.....LOL
Yes, after deducting what he stole.
@DerAkinzo das ist so heftig
Ja hab schon gesehen ... rip junge
The most recent update shows the path right along the west coast. I'm going to be right in the middle. Not evacuating. Hoping 4 the best.
member Charlie. Meh
(What is w/this family & exclamation points?) Either they haven't a clue how it looks, or they all get REALLY excited during catastrophes!!
I don't how people can do math.. it seems so impossible.. >n<"!! I just don't get it at all!!!
We do not want prayers, we want them to protect the environment !!
@potus MUST LOOK INTO ESPIONAGE by Imran Awan and the Democrats. National Security Risk! Please contact him and @TheJusticeDept
Two states on fire, one under water, another about to be hit with a CAT5 hurricane. Mueller's busy investigating POTUS. Calm down.
I actually emailed Muellee the same thought
Muellee won't get that email.
Nor will he get ANY of Hillarys LOL
How about less prayer and more action to reduce effects of climate change.
God bless UAS
Oh yeah, the dullard chimes in.  Now I feel safe.
Gitmo was spared.  There's a place waiting for you there.
We need Fallout shelters in ca asap
God Bless you Eric and your beautiful Family!
God Bless our @POTUS
God Bless the #USA
here is a boarded-up home in #Miami , Mr. #Trump ! wanna do something except praying ?
Prayer is a powerful weapon.
Me.....
I do as well. Prayers going out to all in the path of this storm.  
So,Eric, when are you going to go to the disaster area, put on a pair of jeans, and get your hands dirty.  Be a man.
So concerned. I'm touched
floridians were literally surfing in those waves.
What's your favorite tomato
Staying safe from animals like you
I don't think you have much to worry about in your mansion
FAKE CONCERN!!!
at least he tried where is yours or are u just a troll bot  w 0 concern 4 anything but u
Phony bastard just like you're father lucifer the 45th!
My son, daughter-in-law + grandkids r there. She manages a hospital-They're gonna ride out Irma even tho in mandatory evac area.
Latina 4 TRUMP!!!..thank you for all your prayers Mr. Eric . Thank God we are good.
Why? Is the trumpoclypse passing through?
Bring your gun should be some easy pickins for you
@realDonaldTrump Thank You Mr. President. We're sending you and your Family, Our Love.
im sure your dad and family are more worried about how your property is than anything else
Flashback: Trump once took $17M in insurance for Mar-a-Lago hurricane damage—AP found little evidence of the damage.
Time for prayer. No time for HATE.
Between you daddy's stupid policies on climate change and the refusal of some to evacuate, the death toll is on him.
Keep drinking the Koolaid! 
That is except for all the boys and their toys who had to try them out.
Stop just praying and believe in science.
I can't believe 2 hurricanes hit US shores. That's never happened before man made global warming, right? 
Of course it has. Warm water is the engine. Sea surface temps are warmer.  Most scientists agree hurticane strength will increase slightly.
Happy to discuss science.  The CO2 we emit is far greater than all the volcanos and animals in spite of what you might read in denier blogs
If your into science blogs then take a look at mine ;)
Exactly what are prayers going to do?

Wow, the other Trump. Don't sound like you care, show it. Donate some of your time and help.
Why do libs hate conservative money, but love, love, love liberal money?
Liberals have money?
George Sorros does...haha
That's Cuba m8
His dad probably told him we own it
How's that prayer working for you?
Thank you Eric.. :)
Been up watching this all night, I hope everyone is able to get out. Politics aside all these people are our fellow Americans.
What are you using as a reference? Prayer I mean?
RT @EricTrump: Please stay safe #Florida! You are in our thoughts and we are praying for you!  https://t.co/ ...
Russia.
You didn't write this, Eric. Everyone knows you can't even write.
Biggest lie in recent history, Al's pockets have been padded so much, he bought a new jet!
What is your climatology background Mitzi?  I'll go out on a limb and guess zero.
praying - no - waste of time - why dont you vote for politicians that accept science?
Yes unlike those who's science is based on political consensus

Mass hysteria based on scare mongering by Carpetbaggers & prophets of doom
motive?
To deindustrialise the west

...& your favourite to redistribute the Wests (so called stolen) wealth  which is #BullShit
and who is co-ordinating this?
Who needs to coordinate a snowball

#UN throw Councils, Unions & Marxist philosophy inspirited politicians

Greens SJW & AlGore who's dadKKK
the industrial revolution burning fossil fuels is much more likely that that nonsense - it also has evidence
Do the math on the amount of fossil fuel burn in the past 200 years

WE have add to the Earhts already 4B years of CO2 by

-2 years year 2
Thank you President Trump we love you too
Eric, if you start a charity for flood victims, don't steal from them, like you did the children with cancer. We're watching you.
Ask ST JUDES about that statement LOL
Yes
Easy to say for someone who inherited everything he has, has never suffered or done anything to create value.
Please take your pets with you or save an animal you see. Please don't leave them behind.
Your golf courses, hotels, & houses are in your thoughts and prayers--maybe you can bilk the insurance co. and turn your frown upside down!
That moment when the #Trumps deny climate change the #ParisAgreement and prays for climate disasters to go away #SMH as people die huh
How are you going to change the climate???
It is all in the #ParisAgreement, change government go green & reduce the  use of fossil fuels. There are many renewable sources of energy

That's Cuba on the map....so show respect and also wish the Cuban people safe outcomes. #Florida
He can't. They're Hispanic lol
#jacksonvilleflorida4trump
Please hit and demolish Mar a Lago!!
Damn I think it's going up the West Coast but maybe it'll hit fat ass Rush Limbaugh
He evacuated after he called it a hoax.
Praying
On your knees? Or standing up by the coffee pot in the kitchen?
Your words give peace and strength to millions
Oh puhleeze.  Because they are wise? Profound? Inspirational?
Thats what I said, Eric Trump is the wisest, most profound and inspirational man in american history.
Sorry, in the middle of a hurricane.  This is all sarcasam and I missed it.
Praying too, Eric.  Bless you and Lara and Baby Boy
Praying is passive Not thinking for yourself is what has gotten us in the mess were in now #HerdMentality
Go! realDonald #Trump. Play golf while the others swim!
Do you remember #climatechange And Global Warming?
um yet this has happened b4 so climate change takes place every 100 years. What was your point I forgot
Eric, you need to join the military so you can be on the front line of daddy's war with NK.

Blasphemy. God can read. Pray for forgiveness.
Salvalos culero

50% of all babies in US are born on Medicaid.
Hard working Americans are paying for other people's babies.
#IceRaids 

We will get through this! God is our refuge in the eye of the storm. #FloridaLove #FloridaStrong #Irma 

Admit it. You only care about your golf courses
All this praying might actually be effective if...wait for it......there actually were a God!
God please wrap Florida in you had and protect her
Georgia too!
THIS is what your thoughts & prayers are worth.
Thoughts and prayers, how original. Your lack of empathy is this symptom of being  a narcissistic sociopath
Right because praying helps!!!!
Does it hurt?
And uet you dont open up any of your 18 properties for shelter or help. Kristin Bell helped by getting a mouse to have more heart than you
Shut up!!
Let us introduce you to a small thing called Climate Change, that sort of marries itself destructively to Global Warming. Hence DELUGES!!!!
You can go to Mar a lago with your daddy and siblings. Hurricane: fake news! Go, have fun.
yes we are
You should do more than pray.
How about next time u ask for campaign money or a paycheck we just pray for you
Can you even envision Eric, Jr. and Donald praying to anybody but themselves. And maybe a golden calf.
Exactly!
Praying is good but we need to look at #facts. #climatechange is real. Will only get worse.
At time of post Irma was pounding Cuba. Love your neighbor even if they hate you.
How about you go swimming in south beach today? MAGA 
Eric, nobody asked you.

Yes God bless U!
СТРАШНЕЕ УРАГАНА "ИРМА" в США ЭТО МОЯ ПЕСНЯ-ЯД ЯДЕРНАЯ ВОЙНА ВЗОРВЁТ ОТРАВИТ ЛЮДЕЙ И УБЬЁТ ПЛАНЕТУ ЗЕМЛЯ ВИДЕО ТУТ https://youtu.be/wcGcdchwI1Y 
Your father still doesn't love you.
Tic toc tic toc!!
Thoughts are not enough. Act!
Says the man who probably never prayed until his dad was made #President #Trump
Lol


Today would be a great day to hunt elephants at the Miami Zoo!  Should be easy pickins! 
Yes, the only reason why #Irma would even matter to you #FugliestTrump, is to assess how much you can bilk for fake damages. #Grifter
While sucking on Ickvanka's champagne popsicles?
Your hate controls your thoughts.  A healthy mind easily refuses the self-destructive poison of hate. Prayers for you, your family & friends
You have the greatest new chef at Turnberry, Callum Dow! We had the chefs dinner with him and Sineth- what a fabulous experience! Home run!
Liar


Praying will do a lot to help, NO WAY!  Send $!
They don’t need your prayers. They need leadership and science. #TrumpClanIsUseless #TheResistance
God blessing florida
Change the pact for god sake, you can do better for the world
#nowisthetimetotalkaboutclimatechange
Praying. Way to go slimeball. Magic wishes. 
Did you open up maralago as a shelter??
You and your family fake concern is so laughable what's Daddy claiming Hurricane did to Mar a Largo like last time nothing and took 
Take care everyone still there. Best wishes and prays from #australia 
Prayers for Florida but don't believe either of you care about anything but yourselves. Sad for you both

Holy  Merciful  Father We pray for mercy and protection praying #HurricaneIrma goes to sea without harming anyone Amen #PrayersForFlorida
Only thing your family prays for is $ & to stay out of prison. Bunch of traitors to  #TrumpRussia
Focus people some people are in the middle of this storm terrified for thier lives and loved ones. Your opinion does not matter at this time
Taking a break from reviewing projected hurricane damage claims for Trump Florida properties?
Yes, you are in our thoughts, I pray that my family will be safe too. Thanks Eric Trump.
خوارتون داره گايده ميشه خوشحالم....
Irma is still going to track west Alabama may take a hit hope not
Eric who?
Afraid you'll lose your inheritance?
If Irma is an act of God, as espoused by evangelical Christians, what makes you think God is going to listen to anything you have to say?
Yeah, where are you little weanie?  Hunkering down with daddy?
Trump 48.6%, Hillary 47.4% in Florida election result and these dumb liberals are wishing all of Florida be submerged in the ocean.
REPLY
Fund USCG. Fund FEMA.
Thank you from Tampa, FL 
My son David and his wife Shanna are in Jacksonville, Florida I hope they are ready, we went there Hurricane Sandy, it was horrible, pray.
Do you have your fraudulent insurance claims ready yet @EricTrump? #Irma2017
@realDonaldTrump Hope you know what size orange jumpsuit you wear.
Just run away with Daddy just like he taught the lot of you. We can only hope that your children somehow learn better morals than u have now
That's Cuba.....
That's Cuba and Hispañola, dude

Your daily reminder that @realDonaldTrump was ALWAYS in bed with Russia https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/399939505924628480 …
Your all concerned about your fucking hotel that's all!
Just stay away Eric
As a native Floridian in the middle of this storm I would like to thank those who realize the seriousness of this and for their prayers
Instead of "thoughts and prayers" please acknowledge that climate change is real and insist your dad do something about it.
Climate change has always happened. We had obama and his regulations for 8 years. Doesnt seem like it helped much.
You mispelled #MaraLago, cuz we know thats the only part of FL you would miss.
Doesn't "in our thoughts and prayers" imply you are praying for them?
As Hurricane Irma approaches, Republicans eye $1 billion cut to disaster relief
Your prayers didn't help Texas...
And yours did..hahaha. hypocrite, you probably didnt even pray them.


Praying?????
Stop the hatred for awhile!! Let's come together for each other.
thought we would be better at Trump Doral - horrible experience,  unacceptable excuses, and bad attitude
Wow you care about people..hmmm
Fuck all the way off
I wish the President a happy life, the whole family happy, you unite and defeat the hurricane, God bless the United States
