obama and his pig sty of racial baiting sharia scumbags their only goal was to crash the American econony with extreme vengeance ..@nytimes
You made a decision to hire foreign workers for your vineyard & have your products made outside of the country. Lying about America 1st
Why isn't erectile disfunction a pre-existing condition?
Make Em pay Billy!
Did you mean to say "bigly"
Weird how a President with a 40% max approval rating keeps talking shit about Obama who left office above 60%.... you'll end at 20%
Let's talk about Sally Yates. Yes, can't wait until tomorrow. Impeachment! #Trumprussia #Trumprussia #Trumprussia #Trumprussia #Trumprussia
Trump's approval rating is lower than whale poop. Good luck getting things done post-2018 with a Dem majority in House.
Well......at Trumps break neck speed he will have everything done by 2018.  Go put your dress on and wait in the corner for your turn.
Well, get them on the phone the sir.
So, where are YOUR tax returns. How much do you owe Russians?
Roberto is ALL AMERICAN!!!!!
Are you going to lie and say nothing has moved abroad under you so called administration? Oh and who was the Governor at the time?
Build the WALL.
sorry. I don't believe anything you say
My President Keep strong
... You were saying about products made outside of the U.S. ...
Didn't your mother ever tell you not to be jealous of others? The amount that you bring up Obama just shows your severe envy! #TrumpRussis
You are a sad, small man.  You prove this everyday with each of your tweets and your actions.
Hiw are you going to do that?  You need law passed first and that has not been your strong suit.
Still waiting to see yout taxes! Man up & quit changing the subject
So many fascist leftist bots that Twitter automatically moves to the top of all Trump posts.
tax product big
Just grow up! You in over your head!
Start with taxing foreign made Trump merch bigly!!
What are you babbling about now? Can't seem to keep Obama's name out your mouth... #POTUS
as a Rexnord employee TAX the F**ck out of them.  Go PRESIDENT TRUMP!! We love u
Rexnords move is a big disappointment for employees and economy.
'Tax product big'? Did you use google translate before while this tweet?
You have a lot of "occupations" but I don't see globalist clown in your bio
Don't worry, your family will be there with you! And the GOP!
Are you up yet and sitting on the toilet thinking about what Yates will say today?  Maybe there is a pucker factor going on?
Liar.
Pray for @realDonaldTrump #DrainTheSwamp
He, his family, & administration are surrounded by prayers!
Prayer can move mountains.
you are delusional donald. do they even tell you what is going on in the world anymore?
He learns about it all on his favorite cartoon Fox News and then rage tweets about his feelings.
Fox News are the ones who truly rule the country. Donny is just a mouthpiece.
The network of sexual predators! No wonder he loves them so much.
Unfortunately he is not alone. O'Reilly, Hannity etc. have a lot of followers who take their word as dogma no matter how ridiculous.
Sadly true. I have a sexual predator in my family and I know first hand how people will believe absolutely anything out of their mouths.
So sorry to hear this, I hope you weren't personally affected by this. What give me hope - Fox is in turmoil now, lawsuits, people leaving.
Yes, I am hopeful to see people coming out speaking of their experiences there. I hope those who were victimized get justice in some form.

Doesn't matter what BS you try tweeting about,we are focused on Sally Yates testimony http://tomorrow.You  should be too

#SallyYatesIsAPatriot
what felony are u referring to?
You suck at deals. You can't even get your own wife to live with you. #Fail
Once Traitor Don's behind bars Melania and ghost writer will put together quite a best seller, recounting all of Don's vile deeds. Revenge!
Boy, you must have a boring, unfulfilled life to be putting our lovely President Trump down all day and night. Lol..sounds like jealousy.
You are a funny lady, Connie. Hope you are enjoying the ride on the Nazi Trump Train 
I totally am! Thanks

Sad
We voted for him to get rid of it idiots.
You voted for him... to lose your healthcare.... That is a new low for intelligence.
So .. I'm not the only witness to that tweet Lol 
Not at all, I swear, these people don't stop to think about anything, ever.
Ah yes please give shity government health care UwU
You had no problem when Romney made a career of that. In fact, you supported him.
Or now, supporting the Kushners for the past few years w/ pay-to-play US Visas for wealthy Chinese - including those in the Communist Party!
Not to mention all of this bullshit.
Map doesn't represent the Russian funding (private individuals?) that are leveraged to keep the Trumps just-liquid-enough - Per JR & Eric T!
Can't wait for his taxes so the map can be updated with all of those shell corporations.
Perfect quip!
Does Trump think we are a bunch of stupids? No Trump merchandise is made in the USA #DumpTrumps
This is like a grunt you have.

"Product made outside US!" "Tax grr tax grr"
Economies change. We don't want to produce everything domestically. We want to focus on high skilled new occupations.
This is a tactical tweet making other think twice before making folks unemployed in the US for the sake of higher profits producing abroad.
Why is it necessarily "higher profits?" Not that that's a bad thing, but a lot of times it's simply to STAY IN BUSINESS.
You can't always manufacture in the US and stay a competitive global firm. People around world won't buy your more expensive stuff.
Perhaps, I said this 20yrs ago as a teenager, you have to have industry, an economy cannot survive on services alone, there's other options.
It can. There's no law of economics that says one must produce physical stuff in-House to survive. Trade is a thing.
The US doesn't produce as many physics things anymore because, to be blunt, we are too advanced to.
REXNORD closing happened when gov pence  was on watch in indiana and they started laying off when you were at the oval office so its all U
Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico. Fired their employees. Tax product big...
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
Michael Flynn....Heard those 2 words send you running away like a 2 year old that just made poopoo win their panties Enjoy the #impeachment
But if they do crimes, They'll be impeached and sent to jail for the maximum time With the Rest of the Republicans.
Soo
Obama is no different than all the rest before and after. 0 difference read my lips WMD I did not have sexual relations keep,your DR LIARS
at least Obama thought he was telling the truth with that line. Trump knows hes lying to u and dgaf. He laughs
You will never destroy his legacy...only make it stronger.
PERVERT OF US would never get this honor. His FAT CROOKED @$$ will receive a pair of silver bracelets, HANDCUFFS. LOCK HIM UP! @BarackObama
No Government business for them.
So did several of  your  businesses. For years he'll you don't even pay  your taxes and are afraid we will know   You don't
WHAT DID YOU DO TO STOP IT?
Do it!!! Don't let them make a penny off off of those they stabbed in the back!
WOW, BLAME MR OBAMA FOR MAKING THE WORLD AND A HUGE MISTAKE LIKE YOU, WHY DON'T U!
Liar
And where again are all your products made??? How much is the upcharge on them exactly? Oh and what taxes do you pay on them?  LIAR. Cheat.
Anyone who thinks "cheap goods" (which I say is a lie anyway) at the expense of losing all our manufacturing abilities , is an IDIOT
Why do u demean everything
Your caps are being made where?
site your sources please - oh that's right you don't stand by anything.
Some corruption will never be uncovered 'cause dead people cannot talk. Thank God for President Trump! We're NOT going to take it any more!
LIKE YOU AND CHINA
Liar.   Obama had nothing to do with it. How about you bring the factory jobs for your & Ivanka's products to America. That'll create jobs
boycotte there product
You negotiated with them & they are leaving. Be sure to tell people THAT. You're a marketer not a closer.
When is your apparel going to be made in the USA???
Kinda like the Kushner's selling Visa's for $500,000?
Democrat snowflakes keep tweeting fake news which only adds more flames to the fire that has been consuming them for the last 6 years.
I'll believe it when I see it.
Nonsense again dude.
FAKE NEWS. FAKE PRESIDENT
Deflection, deflection, deflection. GOD, your tweets are delightfully entertaining.
Thought you were gonna save all the jobs. You must not be as powerful as Obama. Oh that's right 35% approval rating does just that!
Apparently American citizens got the short end of that negotiation made by Obama. Most of his deals benefited other Countries before US.
how did obama make a deal with them?
And the Trump Dynasty manufactures all their goods in other countries at inhumane wages. Hypocrite. #Fakepresident
It amazes me that again Twitter users haven't figured out that Twitter only allows negative crap to show up in response to Trump's tweets
Do it president
American market created businesses. No American market no business.
So said the President who's products aren't made in the USA
Then how much are you paying in taxes for your Mexican ties? Oh, that's right. You evade taxes. Prove me wrong. #showyourtaxes
How many companies do you and your daughter have overseas??
Are your "Make America Great Again" hats still made in China?
so what are we going to do about this Mr. President?
Like Trump and Ivanka products ?
Produce your products in US. #hypocrite

Funny, you don't have a problem taking credit for the jobs he created.  #TakeResponsibility
Misleading
We should also highly tax Ivonka's cloth made in China, until it's made in USA. You will ruin our economy, now put your dunce hat on
What deal? You make things overseas, too - and called your tax evasions "smart business" during your campaign.

I really wish trump could just hear him self talk
where are your taxes, #FAKE45?!?! scared of what they show? http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2017/05/trumps-lies-are-making-life-impossible-for-his-defenders.html … #TrumpRussiaInvestigation Moving Forward!!
Again Obama is worst prez ever! Almost put us under! Thank god you came along!
Are you threatening a US corp.?
Why didn't you save them?
Hey Donald,
 do Mexican citizens a favor and shut down the free-trade agreement forever. Do individual agreements
You are now intimidating a witness....
#SallyYatesIsAPatriot 
#TrumpRussiaInvestigation 
#TrumpRussiaCollusion 
#TrumpDerangementSyndrome
Intelligent ppl don't get distracted by shiny objects. French - great pres, UR Russia shit - still being investigated, UR marriage is over
You buy cheap Chinese crap to sell. Shut your trap.
Someone please diagram that last sentence... smh
Have YOU & IVANKA moved any of your business back to the USA? The answer is NO!
Yes indeed. Tax Americans more. Is there anything between your ears?
You make everything, including your patriotic hats, in China.
Are you saying government should intervene in the right to freely manage your own property to stop companies making profitable changes?
Doesn't sound very conservative at all, what if the government wanted to stop you from establishing business abroad?
How much do your suits go for? Where's in China do I buy one?
Yeah, and you had your clothes made overseas, putting U.S. workers out of a job.

Will you quit making yourself sound and look stupid. Stay your ass of twitter. You are not very bright. 
When will you and your family be taxing your products?  A-hole.
Tax them 35% on goods coming back into USA
Is that last part supposed to be a sentence?  Did you have a stroke?
Only thing thing that is fake is you, your wife, your family, UR leaving a tainted legacy! #TRAITOR Trump=Rosenberg,  PUTIN ASSET=TREASON
You first 
You really can't do anything without criticizing someone and idolizing yourself. So sad.
So we cannot manufacture an $80 pair of plastic sneakers in this Country ?? I'm not buyin that hog at all . We are being duped by globalists
did you hear your self. You're taking people off health care to give big tax cut to the wealthy. That's a FACT! SAD !!!!!!!
YOU hate Obama because he his 100 X more intelligent and eloquent than you and he has 500x more integrity than you.
BTW, Mike Pence was governor when Rexnord made the deal. And taxes do nothing to bring back jobs.
Donald J Trump had all of his goods manufactured in 12 different countries during Obama Administration. Your point? Fake president.
Not his administration now...tend to your own house! Suck it trump!
Yours and Ivanka's too? What a hypocrite! Where are your taxes?
And what does that have to do with Obama?  Yeah, nothing.  Idiot. Your jealousy is so juvenile.
Lying POTUS makes it sound as though Obama made some secret deal rather than a company making a business decision. Utter nonsense. Typical.
Lets shut that Mexican border down and wait till wall is built!!!!! No goods, people, drugs, money, etc etc. !!!!!!
Oh puleese! Tired of your alternative facts, that we in the REAL world call LIES!
Always trying to deflect! Never taking responsibility for your own actions!
Yep mindless 1 tax it so ppl can't afford it. Rexnord layoff ppl That's how u protect American Workers Boy they'll b after ur butt
More lies from trump.
When are you going to move Trump product manufacturing back to the U.S.? Or are you actually paying taxes now?
Use your words, Donnie. What in the hell are you trying to say? Oh, nevermind, it's probably just more gassing on anyway.
You are correct with one exception ...It was then GOVERNOR MIKE PENCE, that let those jobs leave his state.  Likely too busy brown-nosing U!
Or tax the rich. I dunno, just an idea
"Tax product big that's sold in US"
Nice sentence fragment. If citizenship was literacy based your fat, orange ass would be the first to go.
But but but, you promised Indiana JOBS. YOU LIED TO THEM JUST TO GET VOTES. Is this what you call winning BIGLY?
When are you going to learn how to construct a sentence.
When you making your own products back in the US sir?
The blame Obama game is getting old...
Yup blame it on Obama again
Totally agree their product should be taxed when imported back in the U.S.
Can you even form a proper sentence. Did you bring them back. You have no point.
REAL Billionaires. Real Americans.
Trump made a deal to build his casino with Chinese Steel instead of buying American.
Are you allowed to attack private businesses? Why isn't the media reporting on that?
stop slinging mud and grow up
Can you address the water crisis in Flint?
Get them #Trump don't let these bastards get away #MAGA #AmericaFirst
