I don't understand why Trump isn't for Judge Moore?
Me neither until he explained it clearly in his speech tonight. Now I totally get it.
Why in a couple sentences.
MANY, MANY reasons were woven throughout his entire speech.
Thanks swamp drainer.Trump is loyal&feels he owes Strange but he agrees both good men.He says McConnell not the friend of Strange MSM paints
.mcconnells  buddy Strange his pac gave $30million for Strange ads slandering Moore 
Bob Corker is making $ with strange to
Immigrants Are a Fiscal Boon, Not a Burden 
I LOVE that THIS was your response to his tweet 
Trump humiliated by poor attendance, no-show speakers as Berkeley “free speech week” implodes. Milo drops the ball.
Alabama doesn't love you ;-)

Lawyers are expensive. Good thing your supporters are dumb enough to finance your defence of treasonous russian collusion
Quick! What's the Capitol of Alabama?
Michelle, are you trying to get blocked?  Love your questions.
No. But I can't stay quiet. This president is just killing me.
FNCBRK: Luther Strange polls show him losing hugely since Trump's endorsement. Apparently Alabama doesn't like Trump as much as he thought.
I live in Huntsville saw zero Strange signs. Those who are at the rally 70% will not vote on Tuesday thats why they in a run off. Doug Jones
I'm from Alabama and I hate u.
Keep endorsing folks so we know who NOT to vote for. Your own picks have had a lovely turn over rate in the last 9 months. Shows us a lot.
WTF? You call tonight  speech endorsement? It more like a unqualified mad man attacking everyone and everything unhinged wow new low levels!
CNN poll: 54% say Russia-backed content on social media moved 2016 election  http://www.kitv.com/story/36430846/cnn-poll-54-say-russia-backed-content-on-social-media-moved-2016-election …
I don't like you.
Strange does NOT love Alabama...he loves the gravy train.  Voters need to kick him OFF.  Vote Moore, a REAL American.
Secede, Alabama, Secede!
Oh shut up you idiot.

Hear, hear!!
I'm sure your SHITSTORM rally speech will give birth to many new memes. So sad. #TrumpRussia
So sorry I have to disagree with you on ur endt. Strange is just another RHINO and will not support ur agenda.  He is a #SwampCreature

This great stuff! I love the especially!
Oops, I meant to say "i love the note especially!" Lol
Good , so talk about this , cause Strange will support it,
I think he's gonna get some hell from the crowd about Strange v Moore. He's doing this on purpose to show how wrong McConnell/Ryan are!
When Strange loses, Trump will kick leadership ass to the curb!
think, Cohen/Powel/ Mccmasters / Kushenr all liberal. hurting him
I hate these ppl. literally.
it will take time...DC is infested with them
if only we could have 16 year terms for potus. Oh no... wait. 
lmao!!!
Are you sure you're not headed to Alabambia?
Oh Donald.NK crazy.
Iran fires a missle cause you stirred them.Earthquakes and hurricanes..meanwhile you go to Alabama looking for praise
Trump has turned america into sitting ducks
Into sitting Donald Ducks? 
Cringe lol I guess so
Lame Donald Duck and a Mickey Mouse foreign policy. Sounds like a liable case for Disney!
Libel is the least if our country's worries
Yes I suspect Don thinks he is living in the Matrix, a world specially customized for him.
I wish we could leave lol

Why don't you try loving Puerto Rico a little. Tweet for days about the NFL, as if you should be involved at all. PR needed help 5 days ago.
Sorry sir, but Strange is flip-flop traitor & McConnell & Ryan pal. We don't need any more two-faced swamp creatures in DC.
You said you couldn't trust Comey because he was so tall. Strange is taller. It's as if you just made that up because you don't like Comey.
Awesome Speech! I Loved that they played Sweet Home Alabama ! We The Ppl Love You President Trump 
Great Speech as always President Trump  your speech at the UN was legendary! Thank You ! American Proud , Strong and Powerful again 
A memory from the past. My Grandfather would send a hand written letter every week to the POTUS. Gone now. Wish we could have the letters.
I so miss the days when the @POTUS could read. RIP to your grandfather, that's a beautiful memory.
Thank you! 
Send money to TX, FL, PR, and USVI instead of going on campaign tours and golfing trips. Be a president for once.


In stead of tweeting and going to a campaign rally you need to be focused on Puerto Rico right now and the devastation. #PuertoRico
#AlabamaRally
I support the president removal of Obama！I has long been the envy of the incompetent black man！You are the best！
Where is #PuertoRico on your list, sir? No power, dam failing, no mobile service, flooding. Please give them yr focus! 
The dam has failed.
And will someone remember to get footage of John Kelly. His expression always sums up the rest of America's feelings on these speeches. 
No, You prefer to feed the swamp and Roy Moore would be part of draining the swamp. I now regret voting for you.
Everything you touch turns to shit!
Counting on it with #GrahamStupid, too. #ReverseMidasTouch
He is so old and forgetful that he can't remember where the White House restroom is
I have more important things to think about.
ACTUALLY...SO DO YOU!!!
John McCain!!! A TRUE AMERICAN HERO...AGAIN & AGAIN & AGAIN...
Strange is "showing voters is he is every bit the “swamp creature” 
Having the Senate buy $600M in AL Votes
Know who America loves? John McCain, true hero.
You are the enemy defending the swamp tonight. I like the other version of you much better.
Campaign Trump, the conservative, has been taken over by President Trump, the New York liberal.
Guess your endorsement doesnt mean as much as YOU think it does
Will this tweet also be deleted by Snowflake Dotard J. Trump?
You're endorsement is a death sentence except in states with a huge population of ignorance.
Support YOU 100% ~~but still unsure of Luther Strange ???
#PuertoRico is still 100% without power or water. 3.5 million Americans. Anyone? Chirp...chirp...coquí...coquí
You know you're lying - he's losing. Russia could help Strange like they helped you out.  Will the election be rigged - we're watching
Best believe Doug Jones got my vote. I ain’t voting for nobody who supports @realDonaldTrump and that’s #wordLife
So, what you're saying, in your cute little way, is vote for the other dude. Thanks 4 the info. You're an inspiration to Dotards everywhere
Luther Strange is an establishment guy. He is not going to help you make America great again.
Dotard.
No Amnesty. No #DACA. Build the Wall and deport illegal aliens.
Strange is straight from the swamp! 23 years as a lobbyist and McConnell man enough reason to not vote for luther strange
I hear you are on Twitter calling black NFL players S.O.B s...why not JUST call them what you really want to...the big N word...you RACIST
"Mightedly"??? Is that like bigly? Hurt me #dotarddonald
Again lies. Stop campaigning and start doing your JOB. Impeach Trump he is incompetent.
I listen a little bit.. ... blah blah blah...  you are just an old Dotard!   Your speech is awful!
He's gonna lose as bad as you did in the popular vote.
When you're strange
Faces come out of the rain 
When you're strange 
No one remembers your name (except trump)
When you're strange
You supporting Strange will be your biggest mistake yet.
Lock Trump up! Lock Trump up! Lock Trump up! Lock Trump up! Lock Trump up!
All you've done is toot your own horn, who's Luther Strange ..?
About your fake news BS. I watched you on CNN live which showed the "crowd". You are a fake president.
You "love" Alabama now because you want them to vote Republican! Even though you & Republicans are trying to take health care from millions!
And we love you, Mr. President! Here's hoping that Dr. Strange wins! He has a great name! Lol! #MAGA #TrumpRocks

Can't wait to see your rally tonight!! May god bless you!!
If you're endorsing him...everyone should vote for literally anyone else!   Less corruption.  Less #dotards.
Don't do anything too Klan-y down in Alabamy! Heh heh heh. Seriously, stop being so damn racist. #maga
JHChrist. Have you ever even been to Alabama before?  #Fool
MOORE IS THE MAN
I support you but you are endorsing the wrong one

@SenBobCorker Not surprised! http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/09/22/luther-strange-pal-bob-corker-receive-more-money-alabama-taxpayers-salary/ … he was in cahoots with Obama on #fanniegate & Iran Deal. Increase wealth $50M in senate
No to Strange! Yes to Moore!!
Moore will win thank God he supports Trump
Alabama loves you too!
Did Luther promise a Trump Tower in Alabama yet?

Can you locate Alabama on a map?
Hi!!!!!!!!!   I wish I was in Alabama......... not!
Did a five-time draft dodging chickenhawk bully really think he could scare John McCain? Sad.  Hugely sad.  Loser.
@realDonaldTrump GREAT speech!!! Thank you @POTUS  #MAGA
#RoyMoore  would never be like McCain, Ryan, Alexander, Graham or Corker but #LutherStrange would be just like all of them.
I forgot to mention Dean Heller, Jeff Flake.
You could, or shouldn't my president
ODD,seems to be only Luther Strange tweet not DELETED from Trump account
,Last 3 are GONE.
What a guy.
Your boat to Puerto Rico is ready.
You didn't delete this yet like this one? #Traitor #SheWon
Hey, don't forget to delete this one too!
in before Donald deletes this tweet!
Well, so much for your awesome support! LOSER! SAD!
or this one
'The People' love our #POTUS but are serious about new blood in DC, you need help in draining the swamp, now #FireMueller
Obama dont be on the internet as much as you do
Will you take any responsibility for his loss?

#stopit
You are sounding more and more mental with each tweet! So embarrassing for America to have a demented ‘leader’! #godsaveamerica
Judge Roy Moore is going to beat Luther Strange and Doug Jones like a rented mule!
Since your endorsement you have to take credit for everything if you like him that makes him suspect
You don't love Alabama. You love you. Stop lying. I'll bet you lie in your dreams. Can't wait for Melania's tell-all book about you! Ooook!
Alabama loves  Judge Roy Moore most
#MooreSenate #MooreMAGA
Since when idiot?
/2 I too support Judge Roy Moore and you're mistakenly in goose-step with McConnell in supporting Luther Strange.
This has got to hurt your heart Mr.president ! It's killing mine with sadness
Why are MY tax dollars paying for YOUR trip to a political rally?
It’s all about you, isn’t it?

https://twitter.com/mfpcrules/status/910355504983166976 … save Biafrans from Nigerian army now.@realDonaldTrump @netanyahu @PutinRF_Eng @PutinRF @Plaid_Abe @Plaid_Australia
No doubt its the braindead libtards wanting this!
Another White Supremist gathering. I love you expose every last 1 of these MF.
He loves CAFTA and Mitch the bitch 2 You backed the wrong 1 in this race Moore than his name is strange in ur endorsement
Drain the swamp dont add to it.
Luther strange is a fraud, just like you. #Resist #enlist #RegainUSA  @SenateDems  block this traitors now
Trump loves Trump not Alabama, what a dotard!!!
Funny how all your rallies are in the South as if it wasn't divisive enough.  Choke on something.

#TrumpLies Don't take our word for itTake a look into how much @realDonaldTrump LIES~BIGLY 
Alabama has a long and sad history of supporting Strange fruit your endorsement  shines a very white light on tragic past & present
You're the President of the United States and your endorsement isn't enough in a race between two Republicans? That's sad.
TRUMP=LIES/TREASON/SLEEZY SALESMAN
#PeacefulProtest #TakeAKneeNFL ThankYou @Kaepernick7 for knowing our #FirstAmendment #BlackLivesMatter @FLOTUS tell @POTUS to #stopbullying
#TakeAKneeNFL  #TakeAKnee   ANOTHER healthcare epic fail.  Sad.
Vote Roy Moore for #ALSEN - not Mitch McConnell
Most people wouldn't want your endorsement.
@JohnMcCainIII little Johnnie, traitor johnnie get on board UR last term FOR AMERICA!  We know whoUR and don't care we need UR vote!
I'm from Alabama, and I say, if the people of Alabama support you, then fuck Alabama!!!!!!!
You are down there with your peeps, Donnie. That race pits a Wing Nut versus an avowed Constitutional Scofflaw. Talk about Incorrigibles!
Vote Doug Jones. NOT a swamp member like Big Strange Luther.
If Luther strange really was with you from the beginning he would've said something earlier. He's only saying that now to get votes.
i am your die heart fan from INDIA
Although your H-1B visa policy is little harsh to us BUT I LOVE THE FACT That You put your nation first
“A vote for Judge Moore isn’t a vote against the president, it is a vote  for the people’s agenda that elected the president,” Palin said.
#HerpesHiliary
Hillary is the disease
Federal prison is the cure

#LockHerUp 
…
Liar. Traitor. #DotardTrump #Manafort #ImpeachTrump
Who are you kidding? You couldn't find Alabama on a map even if it was marked with yellow highlighter.
Puerto Ricans need your help. God bless U.S.A.
TRUMP
Traitor's endorsement!!!
YOU @realDonaldTrump HaveCHOSEN POORLY w/LutherStrange You HaveGone theWay of the SWAMP w/This Choice.ROYMOORE is CLEARLY the One toVOTE for
Enjoyed watching you in Alabama tonight! Thanks for all your hard work and many thanks for loving our Country and her Citizens! #MAGA
I would love to know what t bottom of Jeff Sessions shoes look like. I saw a pair of shoes jutting out in front f Trump's podium in Alabama
#LockThemUp Trump
Missing: Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Last seen hiding under his desk avoiding DC scandals of the century Clinton Obama Mueller Awan 
U r no longer in a campaign. Time to look at reality!
Hes a McConnell globalist puppet. Why r u endorsing him?


https://twitter.com/exlibinfla/status/898896484141338624 … #LockThemUp
Too bad there's no agency devoted to solving crimes, maybe at a federal level with seemingly unlimited funds & facial recognition skills
#LockThemUp
Your likes are all bots. You have no friends. You have to pay ppl to "like" your tweets. You're a shell with cheap gold sprayed around you.
Not like you love golf not like you love lying not like you love treason not like you love OPM
Highly doubt it, Do you know what a fact or the truth is?This is ur TRUTH #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpRussia #Resist #Impeach

Huge embarrassment to America. #RESIGN
YOUR ENDORSEMENT IS MEANINGLESS! THANKS FOR LETTING EVERYONE KNOW WHICH RACIST OR WHITE SUPREMACIST IS RUNNING SO WE DON'T VOTE FOR THEM!


You kinda hedged your bets, didn't you #dotard? Afraid your rabid base won't vote for your pick? Loser #DotardTrump
This makes no sense. You're brain is a mess.
big mistake to pick one of these guys
Like, Retweet, and inform all our fellow Alabama Patriots!!! 
LOL! You are so delusional!
Strange sucks.  You need to get a clue! Moore will help you, Strange will screw you.
I was confused by your Alabama speech with your "loyalty counts" spiel . . .30 seconds later, "I may have made a mistake" endorsing Strange.
Greatest speech to date. Thank you President @realDonaldTrump. You are doing a great job & this American loves you.
Know how to get RINOS to hate OCare? Make them live with it! DAMMIT! @PressSec @KellyannePolls
What I find interesting reading the comments on #DotardDonnie tweet is that are gone the mass supporters a/ replaced by the left 
