Until Luther turns on u then you will discredit him and call him the worst and a loser. Such an unstable little man you are. Please resign.
To bad he lost, smh lol!
Senator Luther Strange, who is doing a great job for the people of Alabama, will be on @foxandfriends at 7:15. Tough on ...
Mark Levin has been saying Mo Brooks was the right choice for Alabama..... 
hmmmmm
Don't forget how Levin carried on like a hog caught in a bear trap denouncing Trump all throughout the 2016 campaign. He is #Paid4Opposition
you might be right, but I will admit I'm guilty. I just got into listening to Mark daily about 4 weeks ago? backing a Canadian like Ted Cruz
Strange that he's supporting you
#Winning
racist
Too bad cause Fox & friends suck
Good job
Good job
I don't know. If so ,I agree with you. Wonder why Trump supports?
Picking the wrong horse in this race Mr. President. Haven't you had enough of
John McCain, Paul Ryan politics. We wont vote your pick.

please don't endorse a McConnell troll
Senator Strange? Dammit, Stan, keep your characters in the comics!
U are doing a great job Mr President.
No Fox for me---NBC gal!!
Now that  Bannon's Gone?  Who's Running the STORE?  U R on Media 2 much 2 run a country much less a Family. #IimpeachTrump, #ResignOrJail
As a US Soldier any one whoportrays claiming, or any actions to be a Nazi should be treated and tried for treason against the United States.
He's doing a great job..Where at? Theres jobs avalible,but most people require two jobs to make ends meat. great job on that part..
Hack
Lol#
#MusicMonday
you are an insult to human intelligence @realDonaldTrump 
Mr President you are being deceived. Mo was the true conservative
Oh, so you just exposed him as a racist too.  Thank you.


Why in God's sakes would Strange be better than MO Brooks? He's McConnells puppet boy, he's a Rump ranger for the Rhino Rangers of the GOP,
As long as McConnell mows down Conservatives the President will have an uphill climb on his agenda
Strange was chosen to be that hill,..
The mountain will only  get higher for the President if he allows McConnell to play him as a dupe, which will cost him a 2nd term. Step-
Away from the GOP IN 2020 and run as an Independent after exposing the corruption on both sides explain why you left both parties,corruption
Wish people would speak for themselves & not speak for the rest of us with all their negativity

#nobodylikesyoutrump
FOX is made up of sexual predators. Why would anyone be interviewed by that cesspool.
Fox "news" is destroying your brain cells.  #alternativefacts #AccordingToTrump #ConspiricyTheories
Nice xx
C'mon Don, let us in on that etc.  Is it in reference to his jello making skills?
Yeah ok, but where's that wall and your taxes? #invisible
Skin color is only of concern to racists. It's irrelevant.
Luther Strange is a McConnell butt-boy. What makes you think he won't stab you in the back as well?
Yay! More shameless promotion for your biggest propaganda supporter! You two should get a room .... and never leave it. Really, never leave.
you arnt even looking into Gardasil can you please save lives
Is Alabama the only state that still likes you? Resign.
Wow I've heard it all now. Quit with the fake tweets and resign
no he is not
I disagree here Sir.
Liberal media has given a lot of attention to the statues then emphasized slavery. Obama, put 49,000 Americans into slavery.
How can he be on FOX? His lips are locked on your ass so tight they've turned brown
You make me sick
I'm starting to feel like you're in love with this guy. Have you grabbed him in the pussy yet?
#NoTrumpRallies #NoTrumpRallies #NoTrumpRallies #NoTrumpRallies #NoTrumpRallies #NoTrumpRallies #NoTrumpRallies #NoTrumpRallies
You really do believe your delusional self, don't you? Sad.
Any one who is deficient in politics need only ask those who have traveled down the road?
y icj
And why is @POTUS posting commercials for FOX??
But will he remain tough?
Alabama a state that protects child molesters and wife beaters. Do your history.
Keep doing a great job Mr President! You have done more then that OBAMA ever did!
Keep him in office AL, he is the guy for you, supports jobs, decrease in jobs, deport illegals, etc. @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MASA #DTS
We want President Obama back!  Trump is unfit to govern, morally reprehensible, and mentally unstable.
Fellow Klansman?
I stand with you President  Trump you are doing s great job.Don't ever back down.
Listen:

Amen
God bless you Mr President, I pray you receive wisdom from God.
Can we please use an adjective other than 'great'? 
I have watched all of the footage I can find it plainly appears to me that this was staged. The media and Hillary's and Tifa goon squads.
Vote Judge Roy Moore. He isn't supported by McConnell and the RHINOS 
Only right wing Nazi type and dirty old men watch fox (fake)news
Is he Hugo's brother
Borders? He struggling to keep people in Alabama?

Lean on me 
??

TO: White House staffers, cabinet members, political appointees

If you don't agree with your boss, for the good of the nation, resign. Now.
At least Obama and his family weren't criminals.
http://washingtonjournal.com/2017/08/16/newly-leaked-emails-just-revealed-trump-family-implicated-350-million-fraud-investigation/ …
You are not doing a good job.
Alabama = center of Dumbfuckistan
You are supposed to drain the swamp, that includes Rhino's like Strange.  He's part of problem. If McConnel supports him, you shouldn't.
Just because Steven cobalt sister didn't win her election he has to blame someone. Why not you
If u ever need anything just call me
U the man You are doing a great job
You are so against immigrants reminder you wife was one one sided
Strange doesn't know shit about Mexico or building walls. RESIGN NOW!!!
Mr Pres the public understands you had to endorse Lufher Strange to probably get his vote for healthcare but we know what you really want!
His direct repudiation of all sides that promote and commit violence is completely correct. This firestorm is fake news at it highest!
Ndk paham bahasanya
Bigot and distractor of rights - you bring out the worst of Americans -- boo!!
There's some sick losers on here  keep up the good work President Trump
Love my Pres
Keep draining the swamp
I'm so sorry for the way the people of this country have treated u
Bunch of weirdos
#ImpeachTrump
"etc." is totally what I put on my resume to make it look better, too.
#dontsuckyourdicktoohard
I'm a Southerner. My heritage is being stomped out so everyone else to have theirs. My ancestors fought for State's Rights, not slaves.
Wonderful
#mwdiawhore
What a #mediawhore
NO
says:     
Another one of your goonies
You caved to Mitch's establishment crony! Moore is a fighter like you, with American values & ethics. What happened to draining the Swamp?
Then he can march with the many fine people who were in Charlottesville!
really? Ur still talking about Obama??? Quit trying to deflect.
If you like him, he must be strange.
Voting him OUT
This is hilarious. Keep pimping/burying that racist garbage Strange as you plan your medical excuse for resigning and fleeing.
And the children they leave behind? Ohhh yeah. More for US the taxpayer's! The wall is a waste of OUR money and resources!
Liberals will be labeling him a racist soon enough just watch. If your skin is white and you have conservative values you must be a racist
Easy on corruption.  Politicians  AL
lying Luther should be in jail.
And as a surrogate for McConnell he will block your agenda at every opportunity.
I think Trump is demonstrating Neo Nazi views... just saying.

Funny how Unite the Right Freedom of speech rally became White Supremacists after being attacked by blm and antifa 
Tell him to be very careful, FOXNews has gone radical left.
Let's blow up Mount Rushmore might be a fence to someone wake up America
he loses to the Judge!
You can only do a great job for the people if you #resign
I wasn't aware Alabama had any border issues.
You made a yuuuuge mistake not helping Mo Brooks who would really have helped you accomplish your agenda for us
I hope we can replace all the misguided Republicans vet soon!
Donald Trump is also human so give him chance.
Luther Strange is GREAT!  Believe me!
Trump had to eat crow after brirther comment vendeta on obama

While @realDonaldTrump was defending the KKK, SPC Allen Stigler Jr. (22) & SGT Roshain Brooks (30) were killed in Iraq. #VetsAgainstTrump 
Trump. You only pick souther supremecis for your for your racis  agenda
Sorry, too many signs he's not honest. Press will chew him up
So the two GOP candidates are Moore and Strange? Foreshadowing that US will get Moore of the same and even Stranger. Pardon, intended pun!

Are you advertising for them now??
I don't understand your support? We're supposed to drain the swamp not fill it. This guy is going to screw u down the road
Yup, grand wizard, good old boy down south that's what the country needs.  NOT!
I'm supporting pols who are tough on Trump.
You've become a Twitter TV guide now? Do we have a FEMA director yet? Or an ambassador to South Korea? #impeachtrumpnow #putinspuppet
Leave
Real concerned with the borders of Alabama now? You afraid of the people from MS, FL, GA and TN? #impeachtrump stop watching @foxandfriends
#EndYourPresidencyNow
What r you a commercial?  Your admin is imploding and you're promoting F&F.  Sick & Sad for the U.S.
You people have all been brainwashed by Fake Media
Judge Roy Moore for Senate
Let's pray he wins, the Democrats have a sorry record on crime. Top 10 most violent cities in the USA are all managed by Democrat Mayors.
That should tell people a lot...well, at least those who do not have their head up obama's ass.
