@TrueTheVote thanks to True the Vote to recount 137 million 2026 votes - Americans should have "1 person 1 vote" respect!
Sidenote: we're not doing a recount. We're conducting an audit. We want to identify the problems and propose solutions.
what capabilities do you have to view the rolls and audit votes?
almost none without the Secretaries of State who stand behind the election counts as accurate
@Socalhappyday74 IMHO every1 must re register to vote every 4 yrs (like a passport/drivers license) they must show photo ID
Yes proof one is a citizen this is a Must
Exactly...Voter Fraud is rampant nationwide, especially in dem precincts!
you whine that 3 mil voters didn't like you? Your just not popular. It's like weak kids following the school bully!
Poor @realDonaldTrump; always seeking attention. If only national media would ignore him. #uspoli @cnn @nytimes @washingtonpost @latimes
but you'll be investigating both sides right, or just left, Will the public see the all the results?? #MAGA #TheResistance
@MikePenceVP @seanhannity @PressSec  Millions of illegals voted in CA. Gov Brown signed motor-voter registration.
OMFG!! You won, stop already. I've never seen ANYONE win this poorly in my life.
you're doing a very bad job
we appreciate you getting this in hand..we need to endure your second term..
I meant ensure..lol
Its true!!! I live in Chicago!! The whole city politics is shit!!!
I live in San Francisco, I know your pain!
so will you take action against your campaign staff who are registerd twice to vote and your daughter? I'm sure you will
I'm not dead, but I regret voting for you!
let it gp
make American again
! Keep it going Mr. President !
Just can't accept that you LOST the pop vote. Thanks to u and GOP, we may now be able to get rid of the Electoral College.
how does this help the people! Get over it! You lost the popular vote and you'll lie the your supporters no matter what!
hey, if you're so concerned about voter fraud, you should redo the election. Just a thought

.@realDonaldTrump @ILoveBernie1 Trump is a fraud, liar, & petty dictator. We will #RESIST! #NOTNORMAL #RWNJ #nvfr
You should start with the violations present with your staff and in your family.
I think the electoral vote is a fraud, even Donald trump said it himself.
I know illegals voted and did it proudly.
Yes: Steve Bannon. Jared Kushner, S Spicer, Tiffany Trump, and S Mnuchin. LEADERS! (wink: pardons!) #shortfingeredvulgarian

If stupidity was painful, you'd be in agony
How about googling "interstate cross check" donny @realDonaldTrump
after my sister was murdered we forgot to unregister her. It was THE LAST thing on our minds. What's Tiffany's excuse?
you're that bad that people are coming back from the dead to vote your opposition #alternativefacts
Your Son in Law and daughter were registered to vote in two states.
Did they vote twice for you. Lock em up
. a major group of people will like you if you tell the IRS NOT  to penalize  for not buying medical.  Instant effect.
Shame we didn't strengthen them up to keep an amateur like you out.
On the bright side: Even the Dead support you! @Factinat0r
Yes, I'm sure that was more of an issue than Russian interference. #alternativefacts #altfacts
#USEXPATS problem must be a top priority! Repeal #FATCA #FBAR and let's have fair #RBT @realDonaldTrump @GOP @RandPaul @SpeakerRyan
Tweets look kind of experienced.
This might also be reflected in the profile picture. It is as easy as drag and drop.
I'll do my best to improve all of this ahah @JCDoubleTaxed
If you tell me which country you live in I'll provide a few pictures related to that for you to consider.
I live in beautiful #Switzerland @JCDoubleTaxed
I just don’t want any of my relatives rolling in thier graves by voting for those criminals of the left! #MAGA
Much work needed to get the dishonest left voting cheats out of the system. ID's are necessary to remove voter fraud.
Mike Pence is just waiting for your impeachment! Keep going, Donald!
starting with your daughter, who is registered in two states!
we are with you on this issue
I R u for f
how did so many Trump supporters and family members end up registered multiple times & when will we see your taxes?!?
I worked the 2016 election in south IN, and I can tell you that it would have been damn hard to commit fraud. Srsly tho?
DEVIL LOVERS HATE TRUMP!
ohhh I'm guessing the Dead voted 4 U2 #DIRTYDONALD . It couldn't have just been the dead of soul that elected U? Ohhhh wait
I'll bet a lotta those dead voters, voted really recently. Didn't they?
that's code for continued gerrymandering to "keep blacks and women from voting" - SHAME ON YOU
Including your daughter Tiffany? Including your nazi buddy Steve? Both registered in two states. You have baby hands.
Are you claiming that dead people voted? You are insane! You don't know how to be President. You are a bad joke.
a close friend and elementary school teacher heard a student say they were driving to Nevada to vote after voting in CA

don't forget all the people in jail voting and getting food stamps.
.@realDonaldTrump @ILoveBernie1 So are we going all the way back to the primaries? Let's have a do over! #BernieWouldHaveWon
you and Putin get right on that!!!#notmypresident #IllegitimateTrumpPence  Bet your taxes would get you impeached...fast
As a Trump voter, I support pathway to Citizenship for those here for years, with stronge work and family ethics.
WTF?.@realDonaldTrump THEY ARE DEAD....THEY ARE STILL ON VOTER ROLLS.....THEY DID NOT VOTE.....THEY ARE DEAD....jesus help US
the dems gave citizenship to immigrants who spoke of death to America openly. I saw it. I would have never gave it to them
illegals voted because they were guaranteed citizenship if they got dems elected
@primfreak Thank you Mr President.
We don't respect you and your illegitimate presidency. The more you scream, the dumber you sound. Impeachment coming.
@DrealSidewinder it's about time someone does this.
indeed  Fraud! Under 2 year felons and dead votes, indeed the truth in Illinois  comes thru!
It doesn't matter if they are dead, only if the dead try to vote. Which is NOT a major problem, FFS!
.@realDonaldTrump Nice! The dead should NOT be allowed to vote against you. You already lost the living popular vote. Keep fighting!
you will never be my president. You are mentally ill and need to get help. We will work hard to impeach you
ok give names, put your tail between your legs we saw the crowd we do not believe you lies. Only your stupid voters believe
Donald, of course there are dead people on the voter roles. That does not mean they are voting. They are dead. This isn'trocket science.
MAGA
We need to require voter IDs!!!
I had an uncle who voted Republican his entire life. But for some reason,  after he died, he started voting Democrat.
Thank you! We need to stop voter fraud and I know you will work in that. Thanks for putting actions with your words.
if u care about US, stop wasting our $. U won. I hate it, but you did. So suck it up and lead. You'll never be popular.

voter confidence should be restored and get rid of the career politician back and forth finger pointing. Go get it
How do you know when @realDonaldTrump isn't lying?  When his lips are wrapped around Putin's peen
Better start with one of your daughters & Bannon & Spicer ect....
let it go
California registers voters using drivers license. No proof of citizenship needed
lol depending on the results
Great no doubt Russia acted on the fraud to help you win. So you can screw up our country & your doing a great job of it
Just strengthen it, don't waste time and money.
So are you going to let Putin know you really appreciated his help but maybe next time let us choose our own president?
@POTUS DemonRats having no Morals Ethics Religion or Patriotism have done massive vote fraud for 200 yrs Domestic Enemy #1
great idea. When you are done can you please just focus on Obama's birth certificate.
we've needed this.  Yes!
and while you're at it get rid of the electoral college, so our country will never have to go through SHIT like you again!!
great emperor
You mean you wouldn't want to "strengthen up" voting procedures no matter what? What a clown.
You're an embarrassment You're an evil little man!! #InsaneTrumpPosse
"Strengthen up" isn't even grammatical. And I assume you really mean "voter suppression." #NotMyPresident
@StephenAlley64 Third world countries have more secure voting than we have voter ID is long overdue
@Jodi04527454 Let the past go, solve  problem  for future! Voter id, plus roll out Mobil units for easy access to get them.
@ You are delusional and a narcissist. And you cannot stand to face the fact that you didn't win the popular vote.
Trump and facts don't get along well.
bring back my real gas can. #gascan
prosecute ilegal voters
including PuertoRico residents who vote in Florida and Puerto Rico.
California will probably ship Chinese in from China to vote, they think the whole world can vote in US elections.
Excellent Mr. President
I wish it were possible for liberals to play fair but they never will. They play dirty and will sell their soul to win an election. This issue has to be taken care of. Voter ID is required to check out a book at the library. I don't think it is too much to ask when voting. MAGA
Let's start with not colluding with a hostile foreign power- "If it's what you say it is, I love it" Trump Jr in Mueller's sight. Kushner too. 󾓬
 #TrumpCrimeFamily
even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voti...
Dead & illegal people voted against our President.
Dead & illegal people voted against our Sheriff Joe Arpaio.  
Keep "DRAINING THE SWAMP"
GOP Party Activists can gain access to voter rolls if Liberal-run Counties refuse to comply with V.I.C. request to submit!
The names of the dead can be gotten from Newspaper archives if County Coroners refuse to divulge them to V.I.C. auditors.
This country is finally headed in the RIGHT direction.  Thank you Mr. President.
We also need to check addresses, because Chicago has long had voters registered to vacant lots or a non-residential building on it.
Andrew J. Spieles
Mr. President, it's way beyond time we shut down the automated Democrats voter fraud.  One of the main reasons they don'
Want photo IDs is because their system is running smooth and photo IDs would destroy it
You are the biggest liar in American history!
How's it going with that investigation?  Oh, hasn't started yet?  Good luck with that @realDonaldTrump
God be with you Mr. President and our beautiful First Lady,on your journeys to foreign countries.  America Loves You and Prays for You.
Not needed, waste of taxpayers money. Already done. No substantial fraud. Stop wasting my tax money on this
Hope you involve Bev Harris!
long overdue!
be sure to look at all nursing facilities where activity staff has people with Alzheimers "vote" Strait Demo.
This will reduce the number of times a person can vote. Make it happen President Trump!!
Mobile ID stations can be set up in poor neighborhoods to ensure they have the ability to obtain IDs.
Why are you searching out all who voted for you?
Start in Calif !!!!!!!!
Get those precincts who receive more votes than they have registered voters. Those crooks keep ruining the election process
Of course you are.  #russia
eliminate the electoral college so we elect who we actually want, not who sparsely populated states with too many EC votes want.
President Trump you will be amazed when they find that millions of illegals voted for Obama and Killary.
Bannon also. 2 states. You're useless. Resign.
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/03/recover-deleted-whatsapp-messages-from.html?m=1 …
How about investigating Sheriff Arpaios report that  five years investigation shows Obama's LongForm to be fake

‘I Over-exaggerated That Story’ Liar, liar, liar. Americans pants are on fire!http://www.msn.com/en-us/sports/olympics/ryan-lochte-speaks-for-first-time-since-rio-scandal-%E2%80%98i-over-exaggerated-that-story%E2%80%99/ar-BBvRrhc?li=BBnb7Kz … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
#trumpdumptweets Fear in the morning while sweating off the night.
if you mean voting FOR A FRAUD, I'm with you!
Clearing up voter rolls is not a bad idea. Go for it
Every state should go through a federal audit & clean the voter rolls. Get illegals of the voter rolls.
You mean strip voting rights? Isn't your own daughter registered in two states?
#we are solidly behind you Trump
You have to wonder why the left pushes back so hard on confirming the integrity of our election process.
Agree, also punish the people registered in multiple states, starting with your own team and advisers.
to vote in SC you only have to show a drivers license. It used to be a voters registration card. Anyone can get license
.@realDonaldTrump
ALL ON VIDEO AT THE POLLS IN A BACK ROOM “RIGGING THE ELECTION.HILLARY'S  CAMP IN LAS VAGUS  WHILE YOU WHERE CAMPAIGNING
You know this isn't true, pig boy. #AlternativeFacts
@WhiteHouse @vp what is the update on the major voter fraud investigation? #biggestloser
give it up Donny, you lost the popular vote by MILLIONS. Case closed. Or in your words, ya fired
I'm not dead.  Vote only once and not for you.
you won,  why waste $$ on this
was being treated in the islands when I reported it they didn't even care ! Interesting
that should be done because it's a mess! Same w Medicare 3 years after my father died I received a notice from Medicare my
The dead don't vote. By law, a name has to remain on the rolls for a certain number of election cycles.
by suppressing more black and brown voters
And if most those illegal votes were cast for you, will you step aside?  Or is this more theater?
Wrong
.....bong
fake news
how about also investigate that Russia and no other possible forms of hacking the system happened will you are at it
How do you know how millions of votes were cast?
praying for trump
I find it disturbing that you believe voter registration irregularities = voter fraud. They do not. #SoCalledPresident
Money for fake fraud, wall, wife, kids' business trips? Hypocrisy from u & cronies is nauseating.
I tried to have my Husbands name taken off the rolls but they said they could not at this time.
, "All available evidence suggests that the 2016 general election was not tainted by fraud or mistake."
, your attorney's words. You were elected by a system not by the people as a whole.
:*(
I heard Frederick Douglass voted.
not true
lies
Are you mad that you won? You shouldn't have accepted, then. Or is it the popular vote that's irking you?
You do realize that there's a difference between outdated voter roles and voter fraud, right?
sometimes people move/die and aren't removed from voting rolls-just ask members of your cabinet registrd in multiple states
what about you daughter was registered to vote in two state. and these proof I have them
depending on results? I thought you already reached your conclusions?
its called The Constitution,3 branches of government,or if you like its also called checks & balance.To avoid dictatorship
good than we can have a reflection overturn your win and put hill dawg in
