
I'm with @JamesBrienComey "Lordy, I hope there are tapes." #thetruthwillsetusfree
So you lied again, what's new about that?
SO very cowardly of you to hide behind twitter.  BE a man, be the president.  Stop thinking your still a reality TV star. Good God!
If you keep repeating yourself then it kind  of sounds like your trying to convince yourself that you are not guilty of something.
Every time I read your words, I think you're so confused 
It'll all the little voices in his head. With the constant addition of new personalities, he is forgetting which one he was using atm.
Hope he doesn't publicly show ur tapes, the pee-pee ones that is! 
.@realDonaldTrump Don't worry, Mr. President. I'm in Russia. If the "tapes" exist, I'll bring you back a copy! 
So you were just trying to intimidate somebody who was a witness in a public hearing. Also shows that you're a liar.
Why threaten Comey publicly, to change his testimony? This corroborates the fact that @realDonaldTrump obstructed justice #ImpeachTrumpNOW
So this was one of your Fake News reports? Sad!
So you were just spreading fake news?
Yup....LIAR IN CHIEF
Again, says Liar-in-Chief

That can't happen soon enough to suit me. PUT TRUMP IN  PRISON WHERE HE BELONGS, I screamed.  :-)
You were caught in your #LIE -the lies I'm sure you've told 2 ALL of the people you've ever done business with! #LiarInChief #caughtintheact
So he admits he lied about there being tapes.
Ridiculous tweet. This is not normal. You are not normal.
Who made them for you? No "tapes", what about digital records? Who erased them for you?
So you're saying you haven't a clue what goes on in your own office? Nice to see you are on top of things there sparky
More of your lies.
We know you have no idea.
Why did it take you 5 weeks to say so then? Getting your lies straight before publication?
Supper Brilliant move! @POTUS
Enjoy prison, you know that intimidation counts as obstruction of justice, I not only equals impeachment but prison time as well.
So you are simply a liar?
So you had time to look at them, realized you said things you shouldnt and then destroyed them
@Potus44 would have never acted this way. He's a better man than you! #ObamaWasABetterPresident
No doubt that the one man President Donald Trump is afraid of like hell is Comey
A traitor in charge! You said they are tape 1st. Another smoke and mirrors from you.
Of course there aren't any donnieboy. Once again you were trying to intimidate by lying. Learn that from your mob friends in NY did you?
It was reported that Alexander Haig had the Oval office bugged when John F. Kennedy was President of the U.S. See if said office is bugged.
Covering your lies now
If tapes were made fess up and say you destroyed them.  They did more damage to you and were worthless.  Perfectly understandable to destroy
bak sen amerika olarak dü-nya ya kafa tut kendi içinde fbı cia seni silkelesin
sn.trump küresel baron abilerine dua et başkan yaptılar no inkar
You are such a liar!  God will judge you!
#WeThePeople TOTALLY TRUST @POTUS @realDonaldTrump NOT TO LIE DUE THE FACT HE DOESNT NEED 2 LIE!
Lair   you cannot be trusted your behavior is bad and and you have something to do with russia
so the suggestion of tapes by @POTUS was to stir up  FAKE news!   The American people deserve transparency from their Prez
R U sure? NSA via cell, TV, any tech? Done 2 me & I'm Nobody Ur #1 so I Wouldn't Trust! Do Neodymium Magnet Rm Good 4 U & 100% Prvcy-No Tech
I think what you did with Posting that tweet was genius because it forced him to tell the truth, not that he told the whole truth! #MAGA
There might be tapes of me and Luke...I dunno what all these buttons on my chest do.
Sounds like Green Eggs & Ham to me.
Liar in chief.  God what a disaster
DUH!
So when you spent weeks saying "I don't know" you were lying to intimidate Comey? Because why wouldn't you know? You either did or didn't.
Publicly admitted to witness tampering - where is the justice in this country?
Dump is a liar.
Why did you say "there better not be any?"  What would provoke him to such action in the 1st pl? What did he have to gain exposing you?
Lie. Threaten. Lie. Repeat.
I'm sure he taped you because he's smarter than you
You are so terrified of this investigation,you're thinking even less clearly than usual. Only person who knows more than you do-Putin.
You are just so Funny
Theater of the mind! Obstruction of justice is just a breath away. ...breath away. ...
Then why would you threaten him with them???? What is wrong with you??
Sheer genius! Keep'em halfway honest! If I lie under oath, will there be solid evidence I lied? I better be careful! Comey got trumped! HaHa
Does Trump ever tell the truth? Is he senile?
Pitiful liar! How your supporters still dig U is a curious thing, but Jim Jones encouraged his dummies 2 drink poison Koolaid...duh?!
Witness tampering. Fake Tapes. Anyone else did that, FBI would be breathing down their neck. Oh, they are...run forest I mean D Trump FBI
Then why did you pretend you did "T"? Witness intimidation?
Sounds like Richard Nixon repeat.
.@MaxineWaters called out your lies days ago.
Maxine Waters to @allinwithchris: "The president is absolutely lying." 
must admit, the "unintended" bluff worked!    :)
u said on FoxNews U threatened Comey w/tapes 2 ensure he told truth. So Comey told the truth when he said u tried 2 influence Flynn invest.
So you are saying u lied to the American people when you said you did no such thing.
So you're admitting to Witness Tampering, which is a felony. Get the handcuffs ready. The small ones.

Of what I am sure is that there are tapes with you and Russian mafiosos about to surface... Orange is the new black orangino!
do you think there's self tanner at the prison commissary?
 OMG!! Lube too!!!

https://twitter.com/il_chiraqtruth/status/878422685054881792 …
the #DEEPSTATE and their illegal surveillance on me cus of my support for our president and want to unite . I believe in our constitution

Oh and  you guys who are having fun with my phone and twitter and Facebook .... welcome and enjoy  
Leaks must stop & criminals put in jail for a very long time @potus @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MASA #TrumpTrain  #DTS #LockHerUp #BuildTheWall
Putin's cock holster
Nope. You don't have those tapes. The FBI and the SDofNY have those tapes. LORDY I HOPE THERE IS AN IMPEACHMENT AND REMOVAL FROM OFFICE.

So you LIED.  Again.  Must be a day that ends in Y.
...whether there are "tapes" or recordings of my conversations with James Comey, but I did not make, and do not have, an...
So that was another lie
Don't worry about it Comey has already let the "Cat out of the bag" convicted himself he is a liar, crook, Obama stopped charges of HRC
If YOU do not have them, then who does?
If YOU didn't make them, did someone else?
Are there any recordings made of any of your conversations with anyone?
Still intimidating a federal witness.
as Q

omg, this is the leader of the free world tweeting?! really?
Sick
This is our President
Tell it to the judge!
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJ1PDsD26zyK4FD6NeBtoK6SXUz09y94FTOv00/ …
Then why insinuate there were tapes, Donny? Go sit in timeout!
So you just lied in an effort to coerce a witness. That's okay then. Except for the criminal parts.
Why did you suggest that then? It wouldve made things easy
You suggested you had tapes.  Spreading fake news? And you kept that charade up for more than a month. #shameonyou #Fakesidential

Of course!!!!! Nothing you say is ever the truth. Your childish threat only guaranteed Comey tell the absolute truth.
no, you just tried to intimidate him into telling congress your narrative instead of the truth - shameful!!!!!!!!!
So you're a liar.........I DID NOT SEE THAT COMING!
Can not wait until the day we hear, 
Mr Trump, you are fired. 
My God will see that it happens because my God is the KING and not you.
I think he lies from the beginning and yes I think he knew Russia helped fix it so he would win. He thinks he's King of the world.
Jealous, huh?
You pulled the chain of a coward and now the house is part of the Hatter's tea party. What a circus
Stop playing all the game accusations of the democrats looser. Find his bad work and tell everybody who 
Really they are traitors to USA
So you lied.
Yeah right
Yes, you do.
Then why would you intimate That  you had?
Using ingroup bias, rallies which reduce p-identity, and media attacks, consistent gs lightn etc. Nazi prop tactics.
So you are confirming you are a liar?  How refreshing!
we know they exzist  just fbi keeps them uder wraps so you will never know if they have any for sure
Well played.
I understand. When you did wrong. You simply destroy tapes or e-mails. so fbi will not be able to investigate. Comey told us
PRAISE THE LORD. PLZ BE CAREFUL From  INDIA ' s PM
Show them you crook
Then you lied again, damn 55 do you ever tell the truth...
your use of this threat to bully people are well documented.  Thanks for verifying.
Small man, big mouth. You are a joke.
Oh are you sweating?  Lol
We believe you, end of story!!!!!!
Good point Mr. President you're doing a great job please keep it up we're with you
Omg this isn't middle school. Quit being a drama queen. Treat ur office and us with the respect we deserve. Do something honorable
I believe you.
kim olursan ol eğer insanları üzüyorsan üzülürsün.
Now you'll need to prove you didn't destroy them. Pretty hard!
Coming from you I am willing to bet it's the exact opposite. Plz resign Sir.
God is with you Mr. President and when God is with you, nobody can go against you. You are anointed trust me I know.
For some reason Donald I believe that's fake news I think you're lying I just hope you destroyed the tapes
Who cares? We real Americans believe Comey - never Trump.
Why did you imply that you had tapes you lie every day how sick you are
I noticed after you suggested there might be tapes that Comey didn't testify what he probably leaked to CNN he was going to say.
Thank goodness you're so very terrible at your job, if you were actually fit for office your crazy ideas might actually come to life...

Trying to save your ass now.  If u had them u have to turn them over and Comeys truth would be heard.  You can't have that
When your lips move fake news is created. All your dumb followers  say trump doesn't lie. So sad to watch.
Then why did you indicate you did - act Presidential - not the egomaniac, self serving fool you portray?
But don you said you DID. #liarinchief
u better hope there no Russian Prostitute Piss Tapes. U cannot prove that they do not exist.
Oh now you're worried that there is
Brilliant move :-)
Who made the tapes? Where are they? Your earlier statement imply you know.
U probably destroyed them!!
You sound clueless you don't know?WTF #resign
But someone else could have made them and have them. Watch out liberals. Bahaha!
then why did you even bring it up?
No instead you badgered a witness
Hahaha I knew it! You are the biggest liar! NOBODY believes a thing you say! You are a joke! Sad!
Just another Chump LIE!! Ur a joke
Well at least we know now that no one will ever speak to you again without wearing a wire!!! Lol. Freak
Just another example we can't trust you or your family, worst President ever.
