Needs a deep cleaning
Mr President, form your own team to go into every organization, weed out the corrupt, change the recruitment procedures to end liberal ideology in every department!
#FireMcCabeBeforeMarch
That happens when #DeepStateWray is protecting the swamp rather than draining it!
DO NOT ALLOW HILLARY'S STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS EXPIRE!!  CALL YOU CONGRESSMAN!
Hell if they can't do that then fire them, we need protection fairly!
#CLeanHouseatFBI
Obama owes ea AMERICAN. In TERRORIST COUNTRIES OBAMA WOULD BE TORTURED BEHEADED & HEAD HUNG IN PUBLIC.4GODS DIVINE HEAVENLY INTERVENTION JUSTICE 4 EA AMERICAN LIFE & LIBERTY STOLEN BY SATANS4 Obama’s soul 
Who us watching what USED to be a top criminal busting and anti corruption organization?

They can..they choose not too!
#ReleaseTheMemo
#SOTU
BREAKING: FISA abuse memo alleges Steele lied to FBI affiants who swore out affidavit for FISA warrant on Page, telling them he hadn’t shared dossier info included in the application with media. This is why Grassley made crim referral on Steele for making false statements to FBI.
You're the first President in U.S. history to discredit the country's own intelligence agencies. Doing the job of enemies.
a towel over your head the great symbol of misogyny telling a president of a free nation he's an enemy..
You are so disgraceful to keep insulting our intelligence agencies. Some patriot you are.
Well this tweet  didn't age well. Turns out our "intelligence agencies" were colluding to destroy POTUS. 

#ReleaseTheMemo 
#HillaryRussiaCollusion 
#ObamaGate 
#LockThemAllUp
You're the leaker!!!!!!!
can't even....?
here's part two 5 mins later https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/835106143462703104 …
The "devastating effect" would be the first invalidation of an American election. Due to proven foreign manipulation.
.@realDonaldTrump they can't even impeach you?
he has done nothing wrong. You are creating a false narrative
so he didn't have campaign staff speak with the Russians during the campaign?
they talked to Russia on their own, the Pres didn't have anything to do with that!
You are my president, and I'm giving you every chance in the world to improve our future. I pray for your safety. Best.
He's been in office for a little bit now. Can you tell me what he improved for you?
Yes we can. Are your taxes lower? Is the job market improving? How is your 401K doing? What do you need? An asteroid to fall out of the sky and hit you on the head?
Quit "leaking" on Russian hookers and you'll be OK. Scratch that, you need a lobotomy then You'd be OK.
Something MUST be done.

The FBI is protecting the U.S. from you, Rusky. You and President Bannon are foul. We hate you.
You loved the leakers when they were about Obama and Hillary Oh and the Birth Certificate thing :-)
Thanks for protecting the American People. That is why we put u there. Thanks for taking the negative comments for America.
Stop looking for the Russian "leakers" in my Moscow hotel and start looking for leakers in FBI.
What are you afraid off Mr Trump with the FBI investigation, you are not above the law
- Somebody has to report the crimes.
So leaks are only bad when its about you! Clinton leaks good, Trump leaks sad, FBI bad - is that it?
U r the biggest leaker, #TrumPutin.
Want to find them? Give @officialmcafee a few billion & an ironclad contract w/NDAA. You can't trust anyone else. @MGTCI
funny how people stand up behind corrupt FBI law enforcement and throw blue lives under the bus
Deflections Deflections. Truth is what people are looking for.If they have to leak to get to the public the truth so be it!
Time to drain the FBI swamp..starting with Comey! Anyone who is so intimidated by Hillary/Obama, cannot be trusted!
Yo momma so fat, when her water broke she created the Pacific Ocean.
it's high time you stopped attacking security forces,don't you know you are now their commander in chief? Jesus
Rather Sad that these IDIOTS are still employed. FIRE THEM. Is there not at least ONE that can be trusted?
How do you know? Is it a fact?? DO YOU  HAVE FACTS?  OR IS IT CAME NEWS???
UNDER NAT/ SECURITY CONCERNS
EXECUTIVE POWERS-WILL ALLOW 2FIRE ALL & HIRE ANEW! SHUT ALL OF THEM DOWN, SIR-WE SUPPORT YOU!
- keep your mouth shut as you are completely delusional!
Then we cannot win a war!
I have a suggestion, that is: tell Rudy Giuliani you have a direct connection in news media ready to name the FBI "leakers"
really?
Ask your self why
Purge downwards til you get results.
A big orange TWEAKER is permeating the White House!!! 
who Hillary?
Are they factual, fake, or yellow leaks?
A real leader would bring many people to the table to work on such a sensitive issue. Instead you whine to your base. SAD!
Thank God the FBI is on our side #Resistance
stay with it, and P.U.S.H. (Pray Until Something Happens
sounds like we need another Mr. Hoover
They literally can't even.
Do you even know how quotations work? #Rofl
We are on to your pattern. Leak. Don't respond to press. Deny and decry FAKE NEWS!! Not impressed.
Should be time limits on investigations otherwise it turns into Political witch hunts. You should have a right to a speedy investigation
they fear for our lives. Becasue of you!!
but YOU love wikileaks
Unable? Or unwilling? In this day and time where all US sigint is gathered, stored, analyzed, I wonder

The problem is u. You leaked classified info. to the Ryssians. I demand your loyalty to country and constitution. Impeach
fortunate for leaks to know how sleepier u r!
. The truth will reveal that you are a Russian puppet that likes golden showers.
That's because they spy on you spying on everyone.  You take information, they know and leak it on wikileaks and anonimous
TRANSPARENCY! Baby! Look it up!

what is your obsession with Chicago ?
If there's no punishment for violating federal law then people will do whatever they want. Lawlessness, that's what it's called.
you praise the FBI when it's in your favor.  You bad mouth them when they do their job and it's not in your favor. So silly
hard to find small leaks when we have the biggest bedwetter in the whitehouse.
#drainingtheswamp WHAT EVIDENCE HAVE COMEY, MCCABE AND LYNCH DESTROYED?  PUT THEM IN GITMO! FEDERAL PRISON FOR FEDERAL LEAKERS!
Hang in there Mr. President!  Counting on you to Make America Great Again!!
Got some delusions going on there, Betty, you might need to have that checked out.
apparently you leak your urine all over Russian escorts. Let's talk about that.
You liked leaks when they could help you. Now that you hate them, you essentially confess that the leaks can hurt you.
you liked leaks when they attacked HRC. Ur a joke
Your actions have inspired an unprecedented level of leaking from those terrified for our country.  Act like a President.
The leakers are patriots who are disgusted by your treason. Have worked for real presidents  & know you arent qualified
The FBI is your agency. We need them. You need to build it up not tear it down..
why are you still tweeting?
I suggest searching the WH for electronic bugs! High-Tech sabotage.
it's his own staff. HAHAHAHA
 The new American flag under Dictator 45.
You can always catch a fly with a little honey

You were all for Hillary's emails but now that we cornered you, you're trying to run... Just SAD...
Exaggerating Trump has no bases for that charge.
You can't stop the leakers either.  You just handed over highly classified info on laptop bombs to the Russians you invited in White House!!
MAGA @CNN
maybe it's the FBI the one leaking, look at Comey
Time to clean house on all levels.
you were quoted by @washingtonpost
but it's ok for you to leak code word details to the Russians?
do not give in to these antiamerican liberals!!!

Perhaps you are guilty of wrong doing.
supporters, but the rest of the country is following closely and waiting
I am so glad for leakers. They are heroes/heroines.  Only way to get facts about your so-called Admin.  Sad.
is the White House rigged?
Dear Mr. President. We are at War, they are all Traitors. Use the Power Father has bestowed up on you.
Hi @POTUS the AG U appointed, @jeffsessions, head of DOJ is in charge of FBI & ur his boss. Didn't u know this? Get a Clue!
fire everyone who worked for obama. It's that simple.
They have always had leaks and always will, especially in a corrupt administration
Fire them. Its treason, federal pen time. Broke the law. Find new agents and clean house
The FBI, CIA, U.S. judges serve The Constitution and The People. Thank you for your service.
I can't wait until the day you are put on trial for treason and fraud!!!
You! I cant even...
show your taxes
Hey.. You're the leaker now.
Kim is bored then untweet my president
LOVIN THOSE LEAKERS!   it bothers you that we know the truth!
it is people  like you that will cause the lives of billions of people for the sake of your own ego and gratification. You
your presidency scares a lot of people!
They've had to focus on defeating ISIS in 30 days! Is it done yet? Is it more UNBELIEVABLY COMPLEX than you thought? #fail
Remember when you loved leaks? My how the worm turns. You must be so afraid of what the FBI knows.
I thought you liked leakers. That's what putin said
Fire Comey .He is totally politicized.
well it is not the J Edgar Hoover's FBI dont the headquarters in Maryland your not supported by the administration here
Not even,realizing that selling America to Russia will make you and your entire legacy is their primary target.
fire them all and start over
your head is leaking.. everyone outside your circle is doing what they MUST do to protect the country
who in the hell is AJ Joshua?
it's necessarynow because the WhiteHouse is out of control we have a right to knowwhat kind of mayhem the president isdoing
Get a secure phone and server hypocritical blowhard!!
oh, this should be good...
now are you sure...you need to review that issue again...for the safety of this country
On day one we are going to  repeal and replace disastrous Obamacare with a plan much, much better?? Were you telling a fib?
FBI is busy investigating Your Russia connections. Gold shower man!
It's not security info, it's about your mental instability.  It has been a "long time"; remember Nixon? Thank you, leakers!
Thank God for the leakers.  Heroes!!
Worried about everyone finding out how Kremlin worked out a deal with Trump? It's hard to believe this isn't a bad TV show.
complaining to the whole world doesn't solve the problem,Stop whining!!
WHICH IS IT? FAKE NEWS? OR LEAKS? IF IT'S FAKE THAN IT'S "GOSSIP" NOT LEAKS!! RESIGN.. B4 U DESTROY WHAT MAKES US GREAT!!
Why are you blocking the investigation? Traitor. You're going down for Treason.
I like the FBI but if they dont work......you dont pay.
w
the leaks are coming from your own Administration who did you piss off the most
what's with your FBI? They act like a bunch of retards.
The CIA and the FBI are not to be trusted.
it's impossible to keep the truth from leaking out it's just a matter of time
Good to hear that you fired that traitor, James Comey! How can the head of the FBI speak against his boss, the president, and keep his job?
But, you sure kissed up to the FBI when they released the report of their investigation of Clinton! You are a whinny brat
you need to get out of officemy six year old granddaughter could do better God loves everyone not just americans
They are the true patriots.  You are a Putin puppet.
get rid of comey and the top 20 there is awesome talent out there that have America back find it
Genius move discredit the FBI so you can discredit their findings of your ties to Russia! #traitorTrump
Move on nothing to see here
-Trump attacksChristians , Jews,Muslims,press,CIA,FBI, IRS,Mexicans, Negros,Chinese,Japanese etc. but Russians he loves!
Stop whining
BUT BUT COMEY IS/WAS YOUR MAN???
TRAITOR!!!
When this great man gives us the tax cuts and new high level jobs . You haters will be the 1st with your hands out ! Sad !
Have yet to read any leak that is a national security issue. Why would we the people want FBI working on gossip?
wikileaks has tons of phone recordings on you. Stay tune.
Thats,because your the leak....ha ha,ha
stop being an unamerican fascist and your patriotic staff will stop leaking. You could actually be a popular president...
They're out to get you for taking Putin's side. They will prove your TREASON & we will all applaud them FBI is the greatest
Putin killed 400,000 men ,women and children of his own people. This is what Trump admires!
you loved leaks when they were about Hillary. Sad!
Does Comey deni it?
, heres a thought,to get bad people out of our country,when an illegal does something wrong throw them and family out 4ever
you are asking them to cover up for you. The truth is out there. It will get you agent irange.
