do they cheat of wife in heaven? No just husbands that is how JC came to be
As if you're actually going to read it hahaha
Like Chris Rock said books are like Kryptonite to a trump
Giving to many can help, and it stirs up contreversy come to agreements and begin new one's.
Yes wonderful.  Just like you, your true brother.  aka   Satan's Spawn
"As if" you read it, dumbshit!
Waiting for @Comey 's book with excitement!
So what's it about? Ya, you haven't read it. You just signed it with the kiss of death.
You'll never get there.liar
How do you know it’s great.  You didn’t read it.
A place you'll never see of course,so you had to read about it instead.
You are definitely not going there.
So why should we have to read a book on heaven? Do you know something we don't?
Can you read???? WOW
Everyone knows you don't read.
A very good man.
And you want us to take YOUR literary recommendation?
Can't believe  you read a book or did you have someone read it to you?
President Dennison, where do you find the time to have someone read all these books to you? #MAGA
You won’t be there.  Hitler lover
- when did you last read a book, you dope?
Does he say nice things about you?
oh you mean the books author! I thought it was just your usual talk about yourself ! sorry its just what we expect from you
Good toilet reading.
You WON'T be going there! You'll be in Hell!
Can I pre order WWE 2k19  now
Gag.
Dr. Jeffress called Catholics “Satanists” and Mormons “cultists.”
Define “wonderful,” please?
Thank you
The harlot Robert Jeffries?
#45...✓  You Need The Bible and a clear understanding of what it's saying to you......
When was the last time you read one?
Unlike you
The only way to Heaven and to escape eternal damnation in hell is through Jesus Christ, not religion. Friends, are you ready to make peace with God? Check this out http://safeguardyoursoul.com/peace-with-god/ 
I was just reading an excerpt from this book. It does,indeed, seem to be an excellent book! Thank you, Mr. President, for recommending it!
But the greatest book, Fire & Fury.  Get a copy if you can find one.  #1 seller.
You are becoming the most religious man ever to hold the Presidency.
That's what I'm worried about. I'm worried people are going to think Trump's values reflect those of the Christians. Then again most of the people who hate trump with a passion are hardcore atheists. Not people who disagree with him occasionally though, they're just human
I prefer fire and fury
Have you read the book.
Hypocrite.
I mean at Heaven not Haven my writing skils sometime funny but understanding what's most importantly Sorry to the my readers followers fi mine inconsistencies ya tick Sam Love ya Readers of Twitter see ya ariva
Ye ya haven you all on end go to haven some won't stay long goes to other direction called HELL ya Trump must be good book congratulation to a writer of book ya tick Sam Love book's
ur mom gay lol
Speaking of Heaven.
 On you judgment day when your ask about you sins. 

Who will you blame them on?
You are pure evil
And they all went to jail. 

The Nation lived Happily Ever After. 

The End!

Yup with a great ending
You don't read
ايامك. ياترام
As if you would read it! Did Pence tell you about it?
You don't read
Someone must have told you about the book by Jeffress, because I heard you can't or won't read! Do you need glasses? Too vain to wear them?
Yea. You’re not going there. Like your own daughter said there’s a special place in hell just for you.
I find it hard for you to have time to read anything with the word heaven in it. Seems to me you trying keep us in hell

Did Trump sue the wind?
Ah Mr. Trump I thank God u r my PRESIDENT! Thank God that Evil woman is FINISHED! She’s a Snake; must be totally Crushed like a rattlesnake in CA
Did it only come with pictures????
My life's exciting. Twitter Bots on a Saturday Night.
#TRUMPISHITLER

I thought you couldn't read .
Funny, that @realDonaldTrump should like sh*t like that. Simple minded theology really appeals to the @GOP these days.
A greater book fire and fury
I prefer the suggestion: Fire & Fury. Great read, about the Fake News founder and leader, Donny Trump
I hear Fire and Fury is a great read.
Something beautiful happens in us when we open our hearts and help make somebody else’s life better. #LoveOthers #JoyceQuote
Book. You ? 
I think Fire and Fury is a good book
And I suppose you read it???

Too bad you'll never know what Heaven is like.
Good God blesses his people.
Like you have ever read one single book.....
This is a man who is such a smart, talented man who has achieved so many accomplishments in his life. I’m sure he has read lots of books, apparently unlike you who sounds pretty uneducated, and should really think before opening her big mouth.
A book you did not read!
Did someone read it to you at bedtime? 
I prefer this one. You might like it. It's called "Fire and Fury". Great stuff in here. Apparently so many people are reading it right now that they can't keep it on the shelves!
Are you trying to pretend you read a book?
Stop endorsing.  You are not a tv show being paid sponsorship
Yes!
A better book came out today. Have you hear about it? I think your name may be mentioned a few times. #FireAndFury
Did @IvankaTrump or @KellyannePolls read it to you?
@realDonaldTrump
Yes--Pres Trump   Heaven is the Great Hope for those who Trust in the Messiah of Israel  which is Jesus or Yeshua in hebrew
This is Really Great, President Trump. I'm going to give it a read! Thank you, so much. Sincerely, @Cheri217 Cheri Drake
What is the book about? What kinds of books do you like? Who are some of your favorite authors? (LoL) outside of yourself and art of the deal....
God Bless Trump
Here is a recent publication you might be interested in too. I'd be happy to autograph a copy for you, @realDonaldTrump, if you want.
Liar.
Another mega church pastor who is very wealthy. Is that what pastors are for...to  use the people's  $$$ for personal gain. Mother Teresa had it right.
83 year old lady loves Donald Trump 
I am so happy that Righteous Christians like Pastor Jeffress and Billy-Franklin Graham and others love, respect and PRAY daily for you, Melania and all yr family and Staff.  They love kindness and Justice for All races of people, unlike some!  Thanks for Godly leadership.
Aynı fikirdeyim
What's it about?
You better read about it cause you're heading in the opposite direction.
Judge not lest you be judged!
Like you read anything longer than a McDonald's menu.
Trump knows about Heaven?  Oh well, so does Satan.
Fu ck you, fu ck trump, and Fu ck Makin America great again, Fu cken make it sain again.
Let me guess its about you
Wonderful book. I've been in healthcare since 1979. I'm 58. I can't get a job in a doctor's office because, I'm not fluent in Spanish.I'm not prejudice in the least. But it's a sad day when you can't get a job in your own country,because you speak English!
Take a night class and learn Spanish...problem solved!
Doing commercials now?
Please don’t endorse book I want people to read it who read it to you!
Would be nice to know his opinion on the matter, and what he define as a Heaven. Hope has some food for the Spirit.
I agree  DR. Jeffress is a wonderful man and  a man called of GOD to PREACH the word ...  “A  PLACE CALLED HEAVEN “,  everyone needs  to read...
Yes he is!
Great pastor!
Cmon now.. Let’s get real he was voted by the American people.. he’s doing everything that he said he was going to do..
Great man
I have an idea. Let’s start a book club, where you suggest a book you won’t read and then we discuss. #tillersonsaysyouareamoron
Please Donny.  Who told you about the book? You hardly know how to read.
You will be impeached
Did you read it?
You can read?
you can read?
I
D
I
O
T
When will u begin ur book "A place called a Jail Cell?" by Donald Trump the American Traitor!!
Bet you haven't read this book or any book.
How would you  know, you haven’t read it you can’t read.
Hardly
Stick close to God, Dear Jesus. Please protect all of America and the white house.
Hi Donald, I am christian also on youtube there is a video by a christian that had a dream on June 14, 2017 titled Powerful dream of future event !!! titled Nth Korea to hit the white house with a missile. I am praying for you and all of America right now.
Hi, I looking at youtube and tons ot of christians have dreams nd/or visions about North Korea bombing America. some of these dreams are from 2 to 4 years ago, If you type in words such as ,"north korea", "war", "dream" pray. stick close to the Lord.God Bless You.
Read @MarkDice Book it's Great  Also or at least give him  a shout out
Why is everyone you call wonderful tainted somehow? You just kno how to pick em huh? Birds of a feather?
I am very thankful for you President Trump!!! And it's a true blessing to know that our president not just believes in God, but also knows that the only way into the kingdom of heaven is theruJesus Christ Alone. For he says, there is no way to the father, except thruJesus Christ.
I bet he has a swamp to sell ya
What ever!!!!  He has already proven to the voters what he has done and can do... IF YOUR WILLING TO CLOSE MOUTH AND OPEN EYES, you all will see it..
liar
Trump is a liar
But is it a pop-up book? Asking for a deplorable friend.
Have you even bothered to read this book? I doubt it.

You did not read it, you can't sit still long enough to read!
Funny !! Cuz Trump can't read!!
Now America's President is promoting books??
Wait...what? You can read??  DOH!
I know now this is a stool-lie trump dose not read a lot  trust me he don't read
is it about a world without you and your verminous kult?
I've gotta read it, Mr. President! If you recommend it, I know it's worth reading.
I agree Sally Dee Perry
And of course, your not in it.
نايس
For Inspiration....
...for inspiritstiom maybe you should have it read to you
You don’t read books.
well you just ruined sales for his book
#MAGA Ignore all the hate! You can't stop the Train!
He calls it "heaven" because the sheets are 1500 count Egyptian cotton
Yes he is. He tweeted me back when he didn't have to and it made me feel better. He's a good man. God Bless You Preacher and Thank You.
OMG if you have time to read books like that then you really are not filling the position of Commander and Cheif to the fullest. I really think your behavior and ideas are scary, Hitler's Europe scary, I am a Jewish Girl and you scare me Mr. Trump.
What is wrong with reading ....geeze even the prez has free time to relax...
I have no problem with the prez. Reading but I doubt he will retain much. As such a hot head I don't think reading an educating book will help his lose cannon temper. Thank God the world organizations have seen right through Trumps shinanigans! He's only ever helping himself!
Wow you sure judge people as if you are God... too bad you are filled with so much negativity... be careful as you will be judge as you judge others ...TG Americans are turned off by so call experts who think they know others but instead show how you really are ...poof...
OMG
Everyone is a wonderful person to you until they fall from grace.
You are something else
You read?
Lol
Do you?
السلام عليكم فخامة رئيس امريكا دونالد ترامب
انا لطفي بهلولي من الجزائر  .
Peace be upon you, President of the United States, Donald Trump
I am Lotfi Bahlouli from Algeria.
I see you didn't say that you've read it...is that because you have no attention span or because it's not a children's book?
There is a better new book out by Chris Mathews and shown on Stephan Corbert show and they really knocked you down using Bobby Kennedys styl
We were forced to accept obama care and government rules with mandating health-care, DOWN WITH THE MANDATE!
What's your favorite bible quote trump
You didn't read it
I shall read Dr Jeffress new book (A Place Called Heaven ). .
Unlike you!!!!
Unlike you!!!!!!!
So AWESOME
Because You like him, he will probably be investigated now. Your judgement is poor, Precious.
I can only imagine it is! but to speak badly against ANY religion is against Gods rules and God won't be happy!
Like all the other very wonderful men  you’ve said were wonderful men like Manafort Flynn Papadopoulos we could go on & on & on
Its an enigma.
Just like never never land of Michael Jackson
We get it everyone you like is sooo great great people outstanding people
Making money selling books now, too? Tower business down?
