Mr. Trump you are so right about these crooks. They are trying to conspire out here in Santa Maria against me and I likely believe Hillary and Obama is behind it. I am  going to fight them just like I fight for you. I will always have your back. My name is Lolita Nelson.
Dude, lay off the coke. You need to even out.
YES BUT FAKE MEDIA IS GREAT GREAT GREAT PROBLEM @POTUS
The dishonest media will NEVER keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE!… https:...
Eminem is trying to make his way back from a rap career at sunset with lame lyrics.
But what about the current dishonest, unpresidented White House occupant? When will be be held to account?
Now that's how an America 1st leader gives a speech!!! 
Hahahahaha. Insane.

министр очень странных дел Сергей Лавров.
Amen... Sept 16th let's Rock the streets safe an FUN Juggalo International God bless America Amen...
Angry white people.  Like shooting fish in a bucket.  Easy easy prey. #maga.  Irony: "but we are all #Christians".
Yes! Mr. President, your right! Hope you & your fine family are holding up well. Take care my friend, stay happy & safe. Tell your wife helo
Love it!
HALLELUYAH
] Donald, Beware of Iran! They are siding with North Korea!!!🕇God be with you!!!
ONLY YOU, Mr. President! Your focus on the mission #AmericaFirst #MAGA for US is matchless! We thank you & your family. God bless the USA.
Looks like you take care of not accomplishing ANYTHING all by your little old self!  QUIT blaming the media!
I'm confused here..I thought you ran against HRC in the election, NOT the media.is this bc only 6 newspapers in the entire US endorsed you?
Trump your the dishonest one how many lies have you told in your prentisy  and you admitted that you lied to get the White House
If you are not United, this will be the end of you.
They need the signatures to separate from USA but I am calling @POTUS and CA Patriots and conservatives do not vote on ballot in 2018

Dishonest...like winter rules?
What objectives are those? To embarrass us in front of the whole world? To spend more time golfing & tweeting? You are no public servant.
My President, each day my esteem for you rises higher. I can't say the same for the RNC however, they need to go the way of the Whigs.
Impeach Trump 2017
You haven't accomplished anything yet, so I guess you are wrong again with this.
Well it certainly thats the way it's beginning to look
Idiot
Ida don't u think it's about time that the vaca s stop and the repubs grow some u no what It's sickening the Clinton and comey shd go 2 jail
Never allow them to do so
Stand and applaud or you'll lose your positions 
Keep on President Trump!
Thank God for fake media we know what a crook you are !!!!impeachment happy day seeing you handed cuffed down the WH halls
Really?? Typical red neck trump supporter
Oh please just.stop.talking. You are fake news with a fake tan.
Thank you President Trump!!!!
] You and your family is very special to me, Donald! I pray for you each and every day!⚘




The only thing dishonest is you and your family -you lie whenever your lips move
Yellow journalism funds getting is absolutely closed forthwith.
The more I lesson to fake trump the sorrrier I feel for our country 
I'll say it trump your fired go home don't pass white house
No the media won't ~ But the dishonest #POTUS #TRUMP WILL ~ Golfing is more important to the #POTUS than the #USA   ~Stop #MaraLago trips.
Trump wouldn't know what real news is if it hit him in the face. Hard
Oh please look in the mirror and you'll find dishonesty
Nancy, the media is just that these days.. dishonesty full tilt. Journalists are endangered species.. it's all subjective opinion these days
The lady behind you doesn't look particularly convinced by you...
She looks petrified!
Get over it, any thing you don't like you call fake! You've told more lies than any news
What news Nancy?  It's all hyperbole and bs... journalism is dead.. at least he speaks in favor of the U.S.  the last.. hated on the U.S.
Well maybe not. BUT the law will!!! Better dust off the gold in your tower. Will need the proceeds from sale to pay legal fees
When r we going to c some jail time for the Dems When r the republican going to do some work and no vacations Sickening
When r we going to get the republicans to move their butts;  Nomore vacations When r we going to c some jail time for Hillary and comy ENUF
U shouldnt be 
Yes we are great American people I wish we had a great President
Dishonest - huh - how about your son. Apple does not fall too far from the tree.
Set up Jr.
GOD CHOSE YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP TO SAVE OUR LITTLE CHILDREN, GODS HAND IS ON YOU AND BLESSES YOU
@BoDietl  this is the route to NYC victory !
POS POTUS!
you are the dishonest one, you havent accomplished anything, except kept your name out front. any attention is better than none eh?
Like ur dishonest with us ....i soon finish with ur liard presidental ship .. i dont see nobody take u serious ..hahaha
So far you have accomplished nothing. Stop the blame game. Leaders don't make excuses.
That's what we're afraid of.
Not all media are dishonest, especially not the ones Trump says. BUT I bet many of them he watches and reafs are. Trump, YOU are dishonest.
The thing that is fake is not the media; your presidency is fake. Your sleazy traitorous actions speak for themselves. They'll LOCK YOU UP!
The white house is oozing sleaze. You are a traitor. They will "LOCK YOU UP"!
You are a traitor. They will "lock you up"!
You are a magnificent bull shitter for those who really want to believe you! The rest of us are getting bored.
Thank You Thank You Thank You  
Winning Winning Winning
#AmericaFirst #AmericaFirst #AmericaFirst 
#MAGA #MAGA #MAGA  
@POTUS You're The Man

#RevokeTrumpsSecurityClearance #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachPenceToo #ImpeachTheEntireTrumpAdministration #JailThem
Just break up the media if they refuse to tell the truth.
Crazy, Delusional,  Demented Old Man!!!!
Thank you Mr. President! When the Bible speaks of a "wicked and perverse generation", I think of the Left.
America is a great country. I want to live in America. America USA. 
No one with half a brain who is at all logical buys yr b*******
but Russia will. #colluder #illigitimatepresident #putinsbitch
Buck stops with you!!!  The walls are closing in..  did Jr.s mom drink during pregnancy?  He forgets a whole lot. Like father like slimy son
No they won't... But your slimy son and son in law may.  You are just gross and a liar
Dishonest? Pot calling kettle black?
"DISHONEST?" It takes one to know one, huh @realDonaldTrump ?
Amen!
Dishonest TRUMP will never keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE!  
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆♡
No you will keep us from that all by yourself
Make the world great again!
You spelled "the destruction of world standing and economy" wrong
Thank you Mr President!
Gag
General, The American ppl always LOOK @ "results!" They are speaking for themselves. They see, notice all that DNC garbage has lessened.
More like YOU are trying to silence the media.  1st Amendment guarantees freedom of speech & freedom of the press.  Read it.
CNN fake as it gets... Clinton's own it
Keep up the good work. We're still cheering for you.
Fake Media is A Pack O' Penny Dreadfuls, Keeps-On Replicating Yr. aft.Yr. Eventually They Will Bore Even Themselves to Death!
#FAKEDONALDTRUMP
Dude it's not dishonest just because you don't like it lol
There is nothing g dishonest with our verified news sources. We've heard more lies come from your lips than any paper.
you can not in- ring the bell of speech from the  working class we were here before and will be for good
Thank you Mr. President
Can you give even ONE example of the media trying to silence you?  I thought not!
Your so called "fake news" unfortunately for you is the only honesty coming out of DC. You can't speak more than 10 words w/o LYING! FOOL!
The dishonest media can never fight your tweets keep it going boss!
Open new Republican controlled news stations. Name them SBC, XOF, NNC and so on!
YOU are the major impediment to achieving your objectives. And so far, you've accomplished NOTHING of note except  to doom the planet.
https://twitter.com/damejemarshall/status/883901889049317376 …
You are a fake president. You cheated and you lost the majority vote.
@CecyHanna couldn't resist since they haven't left. Pluto sounds good
Media is not fake Trump you are!
Keep up the good fight sir#MAGA
Technically every race is great, lel

How about the dishonest POTUS!
By GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE, you mean billionaires and corporations, right BLOTUS?  , eat 
they are trying to protect their information from being given to Putin, by you !!!  You are FAKE NEWS !!!!!
Who is Applauding? Wth?
What making the rich richer and the poor poorer??  Having a national tv station where all we hear is you??  Shoot me first.
Like my #FakeOctober2004Agreement I signed w/my trial lawyer & d #FakeSeptember2007 eviction worksheet & political eviction #September2007
Can you stop blaming the media and own up to your ignorance and stupidity and be the man and president America needs.
starting to see evidence of the voter fraud you were talking about.
HISTORY will record your Ineptness hurt America and its Democracy. So whine and lie all you want about your "alternate reality". Sad legacy
Here in Holland I have nothing to do with you,but i hate seeing your face. Enjoy your minute of fame, in really hard times you go down
Tried it again, no retweet.  "unknown error" is their reason on pop up.
I just tried to retweet this and it comes up as an error.  Maybe it will work by responding.  I hope Twitter isn't censoring you with errors
No, you alone will assure that. Ignorance has a way of circling back-You will go down as the worst president in American history.
TRUMP-EACH TIME YOU TAKE ON THE MEDIA, YOU WILL BE THE NEWS OF THE DAY, IT BOOST THEIR RATING.  YOU LOSE FOCUS ON REAL ISSUES, PIVET
Yeah we're so great that y can't get an experienced politician/thinker to replace y when y choose to b somewhere else than w/world leaders
TRUMP, STOP WASTING YOUR TIME ON THE MEDIA, THEY WILL NOT BE ON YOUR SIDE.  THEIR GOAL IS TO IMPEACH YOU & TO GAIN CONTROL IN 2020
Obama, to take down our Constitutional Republic.OB/Fake News', to Conceal, lies, repeat & left's propaganda.Thank God we're Americans, We
what ? Donald Trump you are the dishonest one least we get to know what you get up to from the honest Press
Loved the way you set the trap for dishonest MSM Morning Joe & Mika about New Year's day when so much great news was being made! They bit.

ywt you take credit for Obamas accomp, and blame him for all you do.  No shame to your game.
you are ruining lives, fortunately your supporters wont look until you ruin theirs.
you had everything handed to you yet still lied, cheated and stole your whole life by threats and have taught your kids to.
you have raped a 13 yr old, lied daily to your base, and pretend Obama did it.

there are 73 more pages of YOUR FAKE news.  You invented and are fake news.
http://fortune.com/2017/03/29/president-trump-job-claims-fact-check/ …
you find some false blame for everything and started, continued and still buy fake news.
so you have lied all but 10 days during the campaign as president.  I believe over 600 lies fake news.  You then try to
set up the media by leaking forged classified document.  To Rachel?  You know you could not come up with anything false.
eachel is an Oxford scholar.  She is way over your head so you picked the wrong person.  Much too much information


http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/donald-trump/fact-check-how-many-jobs-has-trump-created-nursery …




