Don't worry, if it comes from CNN and the like, it's automatically dung!
WHO YOUR MIND CONTROLED MINIONS???? #FAKENEWS #FAKETWEET #FAKEPRESIDENT
haha
great hmmmmm. ? Methinks I'm Peach is scared.
The fake media has died already.
like what besides trying to CYA?!
Maybe all the people who will 
lose their healthcare are the illegal aliens who take up all the chairs in emergency rooms.
getting along - like the Legion of Doom. Got it. As long as you're plotting to destroy Americans!
All liars and traitors have a lot in common. U must all go!!
I don't let Fake News tell me anything! Only Twitter...cause if it's on Twitter...it has to be real! #dontworry
there is
you are working for Russia not long now impeachment comming
What the hell are you getting done? Where is the jobs bill? Where is the legislation? 45 days and NOTHING but B.S.
save us ... kill those evil #MUSLIMS
great Trump but you need the media as much as tweets.
you invented fake news with lying about obamas berth cert. karma
you are the one giving out fake news. I can not understand why anyone trusts anything you say
Not from what we see and hear!!
You are a liar.
You are the king of FAKE NEWS. You make things up and can never produce receipts to back up what you say.
FAKE NEWS is something you made up.
You need to get back on your meds,or the men in whites coats are going to grab you and all your clown cabinet.
good job, good job!!
bullshit
how come only negative replies pop up when thousands upon thousands are liking it.
your administration needs to make sure every Obama appointee is fired from all offices in our government.
FAKE NEWS. TREMENDOUS. DISASTER. Sir, your vocabulary is impressive.
they are telling the truth. Can't wait until you are fired hahaha
#liarliarpantsonfire almost everything coming from your tweets and press secretary are #FakeNews.
- and don't confuse ALL CAPS with meaning anything of significance, especially from someone who lies over 70% of the time.
Yes President Trump. !! Keep 
up the GREAT work. ! Stay strong. Prayers coming !!
Don't say that, I don't even get along with some of my family members! You never talked about the storms that have hit!
e thank you
your the puppet
YOU are the fake news. #RESIST #ResistTrump
@TrumpWhiteHouse
The ones who are left are all getting along great
Yo mama so ugly she scared the crap out of the toilet
I take a natural PCSK9 inhibitor.  It worked for LDL's. Costs 20 cents vs $14000 for a drug.  Capitol Hill is a drug co.
Mothafucker PLEASE! YOU ARE FAKE NEWS!
I despise TheLying Evil "NEWS" why do they keep printing and talking lies...everyoneknows they are FAKE!
the only fake news is from the Donald! If things were great, you wouldn't be tweeting this!
You need a lease Mr president and a muzzle before you totally destroy America. Frightening and an embarrassment.
.@realDonaldTrump This tweet leads me to believe there is big infighting going on in the Trump Admin.
idiot
Liar your ego is too inflated to get along with anyone. The Republicans are just using you to get their policies.
I heard president Bannon yelling ...

yeah,  just ask the Russians. won't see THEM upstaging your speeches and dress up parties. giggle.
if you told me the sky was blue I would double check #BenedictDonald
H.R. 370: To repeal the Affordable Care Act. Sorry grandma! No going before a death panel for you, because you'll be dead.
No question everybody is getting along perfectly well. Everybody left after you fire dissenters, that is. Who is next? @realDonaldTrump
Don't believe you! We believe that there is a major problem. How could there NOT be a falllout. Only greedy selfish people
you see that @CBS6  and @8NEWS  get some work done haters
please seek mental help!
.@realDonaldTrump Many people are asking what major things you are talking about.
by major, do you mean Muslim ban, or hate crimes? #SpeakOutTrump!
just because you say that doesn't mean that it's true.
Everything is fake news now except for the FOX News and things, isn't it.
oh Humpty Trumpty you're so dillusional
that is not what the @RoguePOTUSStaff claims.
@TrumpWhiteHouse
You are doing a great job! We pray for you and your new team daily!
how can u get anything done when all u do is "mean tweet " u fool
Worst administration Ever, failed travel ban, over 2000 positions still need to be filled, Flynn a criminal and Russia???
I believe that like I believe there is ice water in hell!
Oh, please! It is so obviously not.
You are fake! You and your orange face!
not on your Trumpdon'tcare plan
me iz no american but i still like your way of govern
What's one more lie??????? (It'll never be noticed amid a sea of lies))
Don't let the FAKE NEWS tell you that there is big infighting in the Trump Admin. We are getting along great, and gettin...
You always use words like great, wonderful, big, yet you never give us a clue as to what you you are doing. Not much, huh?
thanks to twitter trump lies even with his mouth shut!
_@PressSec @POTUS didnt keep us safe from Flynn. Maybe he should have had extreme vetting

.@realDonaldTrump a little history lesson
don't think DT will resign;have little faith that GOP will force him to do so cuz still have agenda 2 pass.
Too egotistical to resign–will likely step down for "health" reasons–if it gets closer to impeachment @cotey_mary
don't think DT will resign;have little faith that GOP will force him to do so cuz still have agenda 2 pass.
.@ResistTilDeath that's what Pence is there for… @cotey_mary
If Trump is impeached, and Pence survives, Pence gets to pardon him and "heal the nation"… @LouiseMensch @RPaoli https://twitter.com/khanoisseur/status/814591369565962241 …
there's no way pence isn't complicit in this.
Somehow I find that VERY HARD to believe.
I consider most of the  coming from u to be FAKE! #lierlierpantsonfire


When you B.S. and lie as much as you do, who can believe you about anything you say or tweet? Just sayin'.
Yo momma's so fat when she stood on the scale it said "One at a time please"
Fake news
The only FAKE it's you!!!
Rome is burning! Your people know you screwed up and admit it! They're BETTER than you!! No one likes you! NO ONE.
- you are the FAKE NEWS. No intelligent person belives you're lies.
- you are merely a distraction in order for the politicans to push their agendas through.
I can Jeffie had pig ears. I'm surprised little Donnie didn't think of it.
Don't let the @realDonaldTrump tweets tell you that they know what they are doing.  Trump is a lost loser.
u told us media=enemy No fake
news
 the fact that you have to teeet this makes you a bigger joke than you already are! Stop tweeting and do your Fing job!
You invented FAKE NEWS so how do you expect anyone to believe anything you say? You are totally FAKE!
I'm calling B.S.  I think that you bully your staffers. It's in your nature.
What Major things?
YOUR ADMIN AND MSM ARE CONSUMED WITH #TRUMPLEAKS #TRUMPLEAKS #TRUMPLEAKS #TRUMPLEAKS #TRUMPLEAKS #TRUMPLEAKS #TRUMPLEAKS
Do you ever get tired of pres Bannon manipulating you.  Why release the ryan tape in Briebart today? wants u mad at Ryan-y?
learned that one from Hitler didn't you make the LIE big repeat it often and they will believe it. You're the fake
BS!
A big ol' love fest, I'm sure ♡
I know people who voted for you that were OBNOXIOUS with their support, they now REGRET their choice, let that sink in
You were suckered by a mentally ill con man to believe his lies.  Make better choices next time!
sure u are ! Another Lie!
Funny how any news that doesn't suck up is somehow 'fake'
More of Trump's FAKE NEWS. More lies from the WH. Don't ever believe anything Trump says. He's a pathological liar.
FAKE NEWS!  Trump says he has been wiretapped; provides no evidence. Lyin' Trump.  #LYIN' TRUMP
Russian Puppet. Treason will not go unpunished.  Resign
Extra Extra Read All About It :Rule 4. Overuse of exclamation points is a sign of undisciplined writing.
#trumpcare stinks should be DOA. #PresidentBannon cant even help it Poor #PutinPuppet having #twittertantrums #SessionsLied
What's the matter Donnie, too weak to push Stevie's shoulders down? Aw lost the staring contest too, Your eyes too weak?
Because there is so much negativity against DT, he has to deflect and put the attention while exaggerating on others!
what about the fake news of your treasonous conspiracy with Russia LOL!!!
Really supporting you and praying for you President Trump!  God bless!

How in the F do any of you sleep at night?  So many lies...certainly most of America sleeps in fear.
@TrumpWhiteHouse
your accusations and undermining of organizations "calling it like it is" is freightening.
Eliminate  congressional healthcare, the miracle will happen fast.
Go fair tax, all this underworld money will get taxed.
I'm going to have to call "BULLSHIT" on that statement
We believe you President Trump and we have your back!
BANNON!!!
SURE LET'S GO WITH FOX NEWS YOUR EGO BOOTER.
que dites-vous des photos officielles du nationale park?!! Ça fait mal, hein!
YOU KNEW AND SO DID PENCE!!!
http://www.newsactual.net/turkey/michael-flynn-flip-flopped-on-turkey-coup-attempt-in-recent-months-video/ …
@PressSec @VP @funder @LouiseMensch 
Trump KNEW, Flynn's consulting firm created in 2014 when fired
just get things done (properly), rather than obsess about legitimate news agencies criticising you, you're the #FakeNewsGod
Infighting and inbreeding rampant in trump white house
Do you still love nature....despite what it did to you?
, LIES!
H.R. 147: To criminalize abortion in certain cases by making it a felony punishable by up to five years in prison. Pro life
...in jail! (bonus points: commercial jail gets another slave laborer!)
such as your FAKE "news" that Obama tapped you, setting false accusations? It is time for a public apology, Mr. Trump!
We aren't letting that happen.  We are getting real news from sources other than Fox, Breitbart and InfoWars.  Try it out!
you have lied so much why should we believe you now?
You get out of it what you put in it ..
Ha! Sure you are!!
Getting things done. Like losing staff positions? Head of ur secret service bailing. Choices 4 positions turning u down
Leaks, leaks.Fix/fire them if U want 2 keep our support. Intel community works 4U. Fire them/ #wewant2believe Show us U can
....is HRC really trying 2 get Pence to take over the WH & does Pence know about this, or is this just another FAKE NEWS?
FAKE PRESIDENT @realDonaldTrump vomits up some more lies and stupidity right out of his chicken ass mouth
don't really care - - what ever works, keep doing it ;-) jc
Don't worry Drumpf, you'll be getting an orange Guantanamo jumpsuit soon to match your orange face
We do not believe everything fake news reports!!  You would not be able to get as much done with infighting in your Admin!!
You don't have room to call the news Fake, you are the BIGGEST FAKE OF THEM ALL! Show us your taxes!  #TrumpRussia #Resist
the only fake news is coming from you. I really take offense at how lowly you think of us people who can tell your lies.
fake news
Sad when president tweets sound like a middle schooler wrote them.
we know, we see it in the progress you and your admin have accomplished, the proof is there, we see the dedication
If this is you getting along great, I'd hate to see what it's like when you don't get along. You insult our intelligence!
