Keep sniffing those trump farts
Are you trying to copy trump's unhappy bullfrog mouth in your photo?
Why is trump on vacay during the crisis with N Korea?
No early morning tweets today. trump must be golfing again.
Democrats saying we need to get used to a nuclear North Korea. Really?  Ok. Mr President please move their offices to Guam.
I moved my offices to russia... its overseas just like all my businesses. #BuyOverseasHireOverseas
LOL Mr President!
This is more fun... You need to get in this game with me.  Download the FireFan app and come play. It's a blast!
Funny how you can comment on any and every irrelevant topic but you are unable have a substantial comment when it counts. #Charlottesville

 
Stand up to the violence & say something to these hateful groups. Your silence will just lead to more of this evil  #Charlottesviille

 
Meanwhile the jackass trump golfs
BREAKING: Virginia governor declares state of emergency in response to white nationalist rally.

 
Press Conference - Following National Security Briefing in Bedminster, New Jersey. http://45.wh.gov/NationalSecurityPressConf … https://t.c...
Resign Youre INCAPABLE of Diplomacy 2 solve the situation, on the brink of Nuclear War
You're disgusting #TrumpRussia 
#25thAmendmentNow
Bannon needs to be fired! He is the snake in the White House spewing poisonous venom. He is a very sick man
The dying MSM cringes every time President Trump posts a news conference. They can't selectively edit. No control. Cue the violins.
Actually he's incredibly idiotic as a live stream as well.
Does that make you feel like a bigger man if you disrespect your President?
つまんな
Hey thanks for that. All the guys say hi.
we may be about to enter a nuclear conflict and you refuse to stay at the White House. SAD!!!
Shhhh... They can't hit DC, but they can hit Bedminster.
President stooopid
3 Years, 5 Months, 8 Days, 14 Hours, 53 Minutes, and 44 Seconds
Before he is re-elected
You sure seem to have a lot of free time on your hands today for a man who "isn't on vacation!"
Maybe you should put down your phone and step away from the computer, before someone gets hurt!
GET hurt?  Do you know how many people are going to die?
Scary press conference. Maybe intervention in Venezuela. Military action in North Korea. Worried about our country.
#Russiagate
http://www.officialmikepence.com/mikes-story/ 
Took ten seconds for your delusions to kick In and try and compare your failure to other presidents.
Plato suggested we should be ruled by philosopher kings not BS kings When Trump talks the less people take him seriously here or worldwide

More vacation/holiday memories for your instagram.  Why NJ?  Such an outsider to the power of DC.  #FakePresident

I THOUGHT it was THE THREE STOOGES....who knew there were four
you also refer to everyone as your friend. U say it like you share toys. Behind your back I doubt they want to be friends.
What a national embarrassment of a president. Go back to golf!
Snowflake

DON'T BLAIM TRUMP FOR N.KOREA THREAT. PREZ BILL CLINTON DEALED WRONG. TRUMP IN 99 Warned about aggression by N.Korea #NKorea #NukeNorthKorea

You need to swiftly condemn the riot at Charlottesville and let people know that you do not support such behavior. We are not Nazis.
Thank you President Trump for all you are doing for our country and ppl! 
NATZI!
I was in college during the Cuban middle crisis. That was not as frightening as the current Korea mess, mainly due to diff. In leadership.
Awesome
Awesome as always Mr. President, I agreed w @DanaPerino consider #MonPressShow from a sitting position. You appear calculated =Presidential
Crazy trump
Noting is real about this FAKE PRESIDENT. He not even a real HUMAN. Born w/o counscios or soul, he is TRULY EVIL. No treatment available.
More lies from the liar in chief. You truly are a very sick and twisted person. Time for you to RESIGN.
Holy FU*k yet more of djts casting blame elsewhere denying that his bullsh*t escalated everything TYPICAL childish tactics
Go the fuck to sleep

For the latest on Russian collusion.
Dude relax. I'm a trump supporter it's a joke.
Im supposed to know that from that tweet?
I would prefer not to relive the saber-rattling, thank you very much.
It would have been better if Trump had just played golf all week. "Working vacation" has meant "provoke war in between rounds"
We know he has tried to deflect media attention when things are happening behind the scenes. I wonder what this week has been about?
Russia investigation must be heating up
Trump is renovating the White House because it is "such a dump." He's busy turning into a gawdy Trump Casino.
He should turn into #TrumpChicken instead.
Just needs a golf club in one hand and it’s an almost exact match!
But #TrumpChicken is a hero and he fights for democracy. The Washington Monument is his sword.
No matter what you do or say, the haters are going to hate!
Keep your head up and know that we are with you all the way!
Thank you  
I'm assuming you celebrate the sabbath at church. You're supporting a man who has not been to church since the inauguration.
@realDonaldTrump   God bless you and guide you everyday and in every way Mr. President

Thank God, You can worship & pray from the WH , God hears your prayers from where ever you are Mr. President 
But Cindy, Trump's not usually at the White House on Sunday's. The closest he gets to praying is when he duffs a shot on the golf course.
Oh, you're under the impression that you can only worship and pray on Sundays!
That is incorrect my friend  you can do that on any day
God bless those who have little sense

....because he's already been bought

Shouldn't we be a little kinder to the losers?
Oh yes we should. No Firing Squad, just Hang her beside Obuma, Rice, Lynch,

We Can't wait for this to take place we will celebrate with HB's and TATAR Tot. Jug of Tea 
get answer re Tilerson 's remarks.............
I can be helpful and serve the population of Earth.
30k after taxes. Hahaha. No seriously. I think it would be worth a shot. Peace is worth it , I feel.
Apparently "so-called" nude stripper 1St lady too busy changing diapers  nursing two children in the White House 2 function as a 1St  lady.
What is bigger than the GDP of China?
(Continue)but,Iwasaki hides my true data and only has.I want to recognize the thing and to confront problem in the future in North Korea.
Why don't you do some briefing on spraying us like bugs? I'll tell you why because you don't care about us.
How can you state other nations leaders are "very happy" with the job you're doing. We don't hear them saying that!
why does this look like it was on a green screen?
Do something to condemn what is happening in Virginia. Start acting like a President for all and not the few.
Are you going to denounce the nazi gathering in Charlottesville? Or do you not care about what is happening there?

 
The fake news are saying that  you are on vacation when the truth is that parts of the white house is going under remodelation
no tweeting today ( yet ) as your to busy planning a war with..well anybody to take the heat of " the Russia thing"
No press conferences, no tweets. Has to be a golf day or Pres Bannon took your phone away.
Sweet
Trump the man who has a love life like Forest Gump. Trump"s a whore and his wife is stupid. Or is it the other way around? Trump - stupid?
Shut up
All the sudden you will hold a press conference when you think it will make you look good. Your are pathetic!
Gorka is and supports Nazis ....!
This display was impressive enough to make a fancy video recap?  The entire  is laughing at you & terrified of your nutjob  decisions!
God please resign and give America a chance to heal
respect and love to play Jazz Charlie Parker and Contrane are my super heroes
Take a good look at the violence in VA. This is a direct result of YOUR PRESIDENCY. You spew hatred. You encourage it. You've validated it..
This will be your legacy. Not a wall. Not healthcare. Not taxes. But the fracturing of the American society and the rise of racism
Wow, you crazy ........
YOU R responsible for what's happening in #CharlottesvilleKKK 
YOU have done nothing 2 discourage them
YOU have Nazi's in the WH
#Impeach45
What this tha going on now ?
@POTUS offer a reward for him dead or alive. Three million.
@realDonaldTrump You aren't a leader You aren't interested in bringing this country together You're a traitor You're a cancer YOU'RE NOTHING
we ask for intervention in Venezuela and then in Brazil, that takes away this whole national Satanist congress of power, God is with you
#PleaseGoAway
You are delusional and are creating bad solutions and making Hugh mistakes in America.
What a staged appearance.  None of you are on the same page. Your bluster, insults, threats, ill-informed decisions are clear to ALL. UNFIT
Presentation is important 
A fool for all seasons.
Another Confederate flag...darn.

Thank You! Wish you could drain the swamp in MA & local & Up, Up, Up it Is Drowning Us Financially with Extreme abuses of Corruption! HelpTY
please hurry up Mr Trump. Here in Venezuela we all need/want U.S.A military intervention. Please HELP US

How is ABC Television allowed to have a show entitled "Blackish"? Can you imagine the furor of a show, "Whiteish"! Racism at highest level?
PLEASE say or TWEET something on the Charlottesville protest.People are starting to get their panties(briefs)in a WAD ! LOL
100% correct- @SenateMajLdr failed- time to step aside
It'd be real cool if you reeled in your alt-right thugs in the name of natl security. Start small, try coloring inside the lines
Since you don't like the White House, vacate it.
Permanently.
#GRABTHEIRPUSSIES
The only thing you have done more than any president is be involved in more, lies, scandals, corruption & now provoking a nuclear war!
president trump i am very concerned for you, i feel you have to arrest obama for treason and 100's more crimes please arrest obama please
YOU ARE A FAKE PRESIDENT. YOU DO NOT LOVE AMERICA OR AMERICANS EXCEPT RICH ONES IN YOUR SWAMP CABINET.
Hello. No comments about Charlottesville?
Look at your likes vs practically every other politician....we don't like you. Say the words. Just like you used to demand. SAY THEM!

Draft-Dodger-In-Chief Trump uses his twin powers of bluster and bullshit to distract from his Russian ties. #ButterBallTrump
Yr Twit page is now owned by #TheResistance All yr posts will be shutdown. We own you.

#Yup 
#Coward
#NoContest
#EasyDefeat
He spends more time posing for pictures than doing anything meaningful.  Maybe that's a good thing.
NOBODY FEELS REASSURED with an #unhinged #liar & #Bully as Prez!
When you work on infrastructure, as far as the Public welfare system goes, can you please provide benefits to working class instead of lazy?
How's the golf, today?
Standing by for your press release regarding Charlottesville. Also standing by on the mosque attack.  I'll sit, this could take some time.
Please Mr Trump no need to make further verbal comment.  You have already issued them a warning against threatening the USA.
New Jersey sucks without you here, why don't you leave so it can suck less.
When will you speak out denouncing the hatred in Charlottesville??? Won't hold my breath.
He still hasn't acknowledged Osprey crash & service members who died, much less mosque bombing in MN. He'll speak when he feels pressured 2.
And when he did finally speak out all he could really do is talk about himself. I guess he didn't want to offend his base.
This is your fault.
U threaten and offend everyone EXCEPT Putin. U are in his debt and/or he is blackmailing U. I say both. You are a money laundering traitor.
And in VA we have your white supremacists marching for your racist agenda. David Duke says he's fulfilling your promises.
I couldn't finish this briefing..your bullshit is insulting..I discovered your Tell..I know when you Lie,  its All.The.Time..
Sad he did not come out against White Nationalist but he will speak against anyone not white!
Donald Trump is the President Apparently what this time in the troubling world we're living in, AMEN !!!
Not going to speak out against the nazis supporting you today in VA?  Thry are a security risk for all of America
【PANAMA PAPERS】 

BRITISH BANKER(＝Nigel Cowie) HELPED「 NORTH KOREA」 SELL ARMS, EXPAND NUCLEAR PROGRAM
Real leadership is a breath of fresh air Thank you President Trump!

Hey #TrumptyDumbty can you start captioning your videos so we don't have to listen to your voice?


This Unite the Right rally in #Charlottesville may as well be the Republican Convention. U let Trump take over ur party.U own this darkness!
We need to take away #Citizenship of people whose parents come here #Illegally. This would take away the incentive for #IllegalMigration
We are with you Mr. President
The #US #Congress should reconvene immediately.@POTUS #Trump is NOT up to the task. #USA is much safer with a 1st grader in the #WhiteHouse.
look at my rich house while letting poor suffering people struggle u to much garbage
Talk to xi? Saved it. It doesn't work.
@realDonaldTrump Nothing to say? Wow... Aren't you supposed to be a President? #Charlottesville #stopthehate
Oh my. Is that a #MelaniaTrump sighting?  How much did you have to pay her?  Will we get #TrumpTower security cost rebate?
So you really not going to say anything about what happened last night??? You have really hurt this country.
Say anything? he's probably there participating. #TheResistance #REVOLUTION
Why won't you explicitly condemn Nazis and white nationalists?
Donnie. Are you taking off your sheet and hanging your hood?
do you really think we are so stupid that we don't know Putin cannot fire our officials & take them off of payroll? you are the stupid
Congrats, I guess, on unseating Kim Jong Un as "most unstable world leader".  Please resign.
Mr. President  you need to FIRE Steve Bannon  he encourages hate racism and violence in our country.  America is for all races!!!!
