If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are ...
Yeah we can it will just have to get messy then .
Get rid Obama left overs you have many positions to fill your voters are still here don't trust Ryan, Lindsey, Graham, McCain, Bush

President Trump is doing the WILL of GOD and The Will of the People while the Left our gambling with our lives.
sink it!
All these obama judges are anti American a presidents #1 priority is to ensure the safety of its people
maga!
Then you can help lead the COS so we can recapture our Republic Founding Father knew this day might come. @COSProject
Ooof! Look at this grill #Butchered
Can't we abolish the 9th Cir. Court of Appeals? Impeach the worthless liberal Fed Judges that keep blocking u from protecting our country?
If we don't impeach you, as we so obviously should...
I bet we the people could build a wall without DC...
The V A at Mather Air Force base needs your help us Vietnam  veterans are getting left behind.
You keep doing what your doing Mr Trump!!!!!
Use your executive order of need be.. Obama did it for everything
Help us!!!
trying hard to protect the citizens of the US. Liberal judge blocks the order as if it's our responsibility to take them in
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/03/recover-deleted-whatsapp-messages-from.html?m=1 …
تتقات
والف
must be Obama was a dictator ..he wrote 256 executive orders
AMEN President Trump ...go to the top and arrest the instigators ...like Soros ..Obama ..Hillary
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/delete-your-facebook-account-permanently.html …
POTUS TRUMP my mom just passed this am.Driving by myself to OK. From Fla. Mom, I voted 4 you & love u dearly 4 ur of USA
I am so sorry to hear of your loss.  I pray for peace and comfort for you.
jake paul in la put ur house up for sale
21 bra
@POTUS well-
You LOST
Grant this O' Lord. For otherwise, the BLOOD of the people will be the OPPOSITIONS HANDS.
you should be brought to the Hague and tried.
it's racism. racial profiling. discrimination against religion. #prayingyougetimpeached
running an "administration" on fear is not politics. what it is, is terrorizing your country. hatemongering
#coolin100
#labelourbeef
#demandusabeef
Exactly, and you would do well to remember that you're now IN POLITICS. 
I read that this is the first time in 70 years the courts didn't side with the President of USA with immigration.
stand your ground, keep doing what you are doing. You Are MY President
We will win
you're not going to trample on the first amendment!
your a dangerous fool
YOUHAVE US SIR. WE CAN DO IT IFYOU SHOW USE. DON'T FORGET WE ARE HERE NOW. THERE ARE MILITARY LEADERS WILL SHOW US.
Making her walk around t/car while u get in first? Walking first? She is 1st Lady. We should see you treat her like one.
HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY MR TRUMP ! THANK YOU FOR SAVING AMERICA !
Bolten
@POTUS Trump's bogus security order does not pass constitutional muster.
JUDGES ARE SUBJECT TO IMPEACHMENT; DON'T FORGET. #NOFEAR
We don't like what we don't understand. In fact, it scares us. - Mob Song, Beauty and the Beast
From other nations,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, We gotta scare isis
We americans need to disarm the jihadis in syria,,,,,,,,,,,, Only can be done with a 100k troop army from other
We american need to end the war in syria overthrow assad and liberate it and build a strong army in syria
#LierandChief Stop recruting for ISIS.
