https://twitter.com/TranslateRealDT/status/916994888184590336 … #MAGA @Gop #donthecon #bumpstocks #moron #NFL
Presidents & their administrations have been acting like adults for 25 years, and not shooting off their mouths or provoking North Korea.... https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/916750042014404608 …

Vai-te foder filho da puta bebestes leite de cabra por isso és um grande cabrao
Less talk more action is needed.

If you wanna pick on the little fat kid with the shiny new toy then step down and go back to reality tv. That's where that shit belongs
If you want to start a war then start a war. Stop the "edge of your seat" bullshit. Stop acting like a bully with a big mouth and
Agreed!  Get it taken care of now!  Let’s go!
Mr President sir. Don't be fooled by Kim
How'd you know? You don't read, you don't listen & prior to election organized by Russia, you were like "who knew all this was so complex"
25 years? Your little rocketman was a kid 25 years ago.
Gave away a lot of carrot sticks to and get nothing in return! Thanks obongo!
Idiot
Those who don't know history are doomed to repeat it! Dumb ass!
Those of you trying to tie the Presidents hands will be the first to condemn him for not taking action soon enough.  Hypocrites.
It is like we always need a boogie man to pull out so the Military Industrial  complex can make a killin..
No more talking!  Bullies don't push America around with a real president, like Trump!
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @VP @WhiteHouse President Trump, Vice President Pence - keep doing what we voted you in to office to do.
Sooo......no concern about the estimated 3 million s korean and Japanese that would die if a war were to break out???? Idiots
If we go to war with North Korea,are your boys going to hide behind mommys bloomers like you did?
You are on fire Mr Hyanes!
So let's start World War III just to prove your point--you know what a big macho man you are. Or is it reality TV star?
Y talk 2 North Korea at all? We do not even recognize them as a legitimate country.
You really need to stop tweeting man. You look foolish and everyone is laughing  at you. Seriously. No one can really take you seriously
what happened to the other half of this tweet? You know, the one that threatened to start another war? #psycho #25thamendment #MuellerTime
If you all really believe n.k. will ever attack then I have ocean front property in Colorado for sale
Nailed it again Sir!
Hello sir

Trying to cover the fact that NoKo has had 3 leaders in the last 25 years when you thought there was just Kim Jong-un, @realdonaldtrump?
The people should control the media not the gov't's or individual. 
By The "PEOPLE" and for the people's benefit. I tired of being lied to, by both sides in their game of conquer and divide.
Thank you DJT my President!
Keep gping Work Harder Non Stop Repeal Not Replace. Tax Cuts to 15% You Can Do it. Your the Man America Wanted in Office. Do it.
I'm with you all the way Mr. President. You are this countries greatest President of all time. I'm so happy and proud of you Sir.
Nuke them trump do itttttttttt
Can the US defend against a North Korean missile attack
How as a nation going to war can one discern who is a communist or who is a terrorist amongst civilians. Let God guide you as He will.
Fake news. Trump is talking out of his ass again.
If you ever decide to bomb or perform any other military action against N. Korea - you need to be in California when you do that. NOT DC
people like Kimmel NEED your attention   to keep ratings up  DON'T  just give it away. Not necessary to respond to unimportant people
North Korea needs to take out Un before they end up crispy critters.
A re you seriously consider #SlickWillie and #KenyanVillagIdiot "presidents"?
トランプ大統領申し訳ありません。
日本の国内での選挙などの問題で野党は性犯罪者や犯罪者で判決を受けている人が居ます。女性への強要などの罪です。他にも犯罪者が居ます。正直、選挙を見るだけでも吐き気がします。こんな顔の人見たくもない。日本人では無いです。多分。
韓国では強姦は日常的です、他の国から見れば分かりにくいが、一般的であると韓国人は言います。日本の国会議員や、立候補者は気味悪いです。アメリカでは？性犯罪歴でも立候補できる仕組みですか？。選挙を見るのが気味悪いです。北朝鮮では強要された女性は多いと思います。韓国では自ら。
Really?  Well something sure is right we haven't had a World War in 25 years and millions of people haven't died so I'd say different!!!
just let DPRK develop nuclear weapons and advanced delivery systems. Not a problem at all!!
Its time to cut the head from the snake before it strikes. I stand with my President and my country.
Do what you have to do.  We understand.
Holy shit dude. You really do believe it's 1968.
What the F*CK???? 
25th amendment this POS
But you spent 1/4 million of OUR TAXPAYER $$ to send Pence to the football game just to walk right back out. Pay us back! You are a lunatic!
Hello
Yes ... True. You as President will you follow prior Presidents pathology?
Dumpy
Actually he is OBSESSED with Making America Great Again!!!
He's never going to do that. But keep believing his lies!
And all your doing is running your mouth also!
Should anyone have to tell someone that...use your brain bcuz force is temporary inspiration is forever..
If US foreign policy was handled like this all along, we would never have  had to send men and women to fight in Korea and Vietnam.
I CANT BELIEVE THE NEWS WAS SAYING, LET CARTER TALK TH N. COREA? THATS INSAINE! 25 MORE YEARS? NO FOOLS ALLOWED! 
Yeah, and your failed diplomacy with N Korea is much worse. There have been more missile launches under your presidency than any other!
You're fucking kidding yourself. Let me get this straight....these missile launches and threats to obliterate countries is all Trumps fault?
@AnnaVocino @VinnieTortorich I guess this guy takes is an SNG seriously
No #nuclearwar @POTUS
Bad news...faker..bad news from only you
Nothing but appeasement and passing the buck!!!
Seven years... never!  One at the most!

It's Time to stop the rocketman
Stop your nonsense you never wanted to be prez you dont kniw what you doing #resignnowplease
Yeah, & NOTHING has changed, except NK now has nukes. That worked out real well...Do what you have 2 do Mr. President. Talking is useless.
To whom and when? Stop the charade and let the people know the truth. This is no reality or game show.
Hey Biggie SmallHands
So, there's a character limit for a reason. Have you considered speaking rather than twitting?
And it just hurt us.
DO YOU LOVE JESUS, DO YOU RELISH HIS RETURN,
THEN ALL NATION'S WHO DENY JESUS AS THEIR GOD NEED BE WIPED OUT.
THEY ARE HEATHENS
ANTICHRIST
Better money than lives... Anyway, you know that the past deals were much more than just to keep North Koreans nuclear plans quiet...
Better to talk for 125 years than nuclear war.
If previous Presidents did their job, there wouldn't be a possibility for nuclear war.
Thanks. What should they have done?
Either one of them could have taken out the regimes capacity to develop WMD before it reached ICBM capability.
Without starting a war on the Korean peninsula? I seriously doubt it.
It has always been clear, only war will resolve Korean stand off since the 1950s. Question is WHEN not IF.
So this time it will be different...?!
Ha
Thank you Mr. Pressident, @realDonaldTrump, for getting Rocket Man to recognize reality.  I hope he stops this insanity and your policy of peace through strength is realized.
You can't deal or trust a communist
Great job at dividing your country great orange one.
The problem is allot of people have a false sense of reality. There is no seeing eye to eye when this is true. Bottom line!
All you care is about money. Money won’t make American great again It is the root to all evil. guess thats why your inhuman. Get a grip pres
And never has NK threaten to nuke us until now, because of you. Thank you Mr. PRESIDENT.
Agreed, so why are we still spending money to keep our forces there? Why do we need to defend South Korea?
Thank you for forging ahead with the America first motto - destroy the political class -fight for America -we the people!
no pierda mas tiempo y no deje que gane mas tiempo con 2 bombas atomicas desaparece a corea del norte,no merecen dejarlos que se pongan fuertes,destruyalos ellos no respetan a EUA
FIX IT TRUMP--we trust you.
TRUMP WON.
Thankfully you are here to fix their mistakes.
TRUMP 2020...landslide coming.
Awesome!!!
No more Blood Money to Little Rocket Man!
Jacob honey, if the man in the WH you worship starts a war/ you had better be one of the first ones in uniform & on the front line
You mean like the wars the globalist Bush started...and Syria and Libya that your icons Obama and Hillary started?? #Arab Spring my A**
#WakeUp
And millions of people are still alive, but do go on.
See, there's this thing called foreign diplomacy that keeps massive wars from breaking out. I know you are not a real leader, but you would think they would explain these things to you.
The point is 25 years of past presidents trying to halt NK nuke program has done nothing
Exactly. We need Trump to end it
maybe will use military options??
Have you seen any rockets raining down on SK or USA? and you want to push for war? We know u r old and near the end, but....
Then, all of a sudden after 25:years of wasted negotiatios Trump shows up and saves the world. Give me a fucking break. Trump's full of bs
Agreed. Change tact.
STOP THE MADNESS BY PREVIOUS ADMINISTRATIONS. #MAGA

Absolutely and for nothing
This is a new sad leader and unfortunately when two sad leaders are in power the outcome will end badly for the innocent people they lead
Ummm... only one president has had North Korea develop a hydrogen bomb while they were in office.  #ThatWouldBeYou
You had your chance and instead became a draft dodger. You're fucking pathetic!
Quit tweeting and deliver different results on #NorthKorea  #rocketman
If the fake news would start being journalist instead of Hollywood actors our President would have more time to bring the left into tow and drain the swamp
What's the ........ mean? More to say, but can't find the words? You had nothing else to say?  It seemed brilliant? ........
i love américa i Hope you can stop thinging That it easy to fight witw russe and north Coréen
And you have been sexually assating people for more than 25 years
Let's take some real action!
Stop buying from any of the countries that do business with them.
No Money problem?
The LOSER and WEAK leader would only see war as a solution. Diplomacy is better and takes a REAL leader. You are weak and can't lead. SAD!
Donald trump you are dropping the ball
And no nuclear weapons launched...
Massive amounts of $$ paid 2 u & your treasonist family & co-horts. You are toast!!!  we c you. Soon u will be in prison for 25-life!!
Donald Trump: The first President to need a job description.
We have not been at WAR with them..Major accomplishment. You on the other hand will cause WW3..You are such a child in diplomacy.

Hand off the button dimwit
What? U.S. has been GIVING money to N. Korea? I thought it was bad that we gave $$ to Iran. This is worse.
https://twitter.com/AuctionFlower/status/916853900023435264 …
私もトランプ大統領に大賛成です。北朝鮮25年は話し合いだけでは済んでません。話し合いでは終わって無いです。
https://youtu.be/CsAWlwnCPVU 
I never woke up wondering in today would be the day we would be under nuclear attack with any other US President.
Fools abound . They cite that diplomacy is the answer. Most are too young to have seen this played out. The diff is nuke delivery to US now.
And now u want a war!  Don’t u KNOW what will happen if you do?  Can u honestly be that STUPID?  Back off, Bozo!  You’ll get us all killed!
I believe that we can make right decisions by out of benifits.
Get it out of your pocket first
And never have that had a 2 year old child spat with their leader until now.
What u come along and think u can sort NK by nuking them? Diplomacy not good enough for u?
Oh no!  Greetings from #NATO: stupid moron killing millions by nuclear war!
It's the first time rocket boy has cried uncle to the other nations yeah Trump you have his number proud of you for the courage to abase the hairy little guy!!
Gullibility:Massive of money paid to NK by US :ironically being used to destroy US!@realDonaldTrump.
....AGREEMENT..??
WHAT 4...??
U CRARED TO NORTH KOREA..?
LOL.....WHITE PEOPLE CRARED TO NORTH KOREAN....

LOL..
LOL..
LOL..
Yawn.

Now its time to nuke those Asian eyed fags who's with me
Well get on it then and stop backing down
my friend, it’s 70 years, not 25. Consider paying Mr. Kim $25m/yr to turn DPRK govt over to a Parliament & retire to a resort in Scotland.
Like bribing a bratty child. Put rocket man in timeout.if that doesnt work, 15 min in a woodshed will!
Oh you sad, sad little scared man
Yes, but Rocket man has only been seated for 6 years..referring the tweet, earlier. Gosh, you need to take 6th grade history, you poor thing
Fake President. Resign, dolt. Your knowledge of internat’l diplomacy is remedial at best & will cost lives. History will judge U inept.
No more money given to North Korea
payed for by South Korea Japan Russia China and the USA who diverted their payment to the south Koreans. Do you have reading your homework?
We would have no nuclear threats were it not for the inept actions of previous presidents who paid NK billions to not do what they did.
so what about it?
Correct...enough is enough.  You can't negotiate with a madman.  Do what is best for us Mr. President.
Trump talks so much of making america first n bringing jobs back but his wife n daughter get many of their clothing from china japan
General Clark spilled the beans and the plans about USA attacking 7 countries over the next 10 years. So far, plan is being carried out. Sad
So you are continually daily trying to justify your parties criminal behavior?
I agree with Potus,even before the ink dries on the new "treaty" NOKO does what it just agreed not to. Time 2 stop spoiled fat baby boy.
Take your meds.
You wouldn't understand diplomacy because no one likes you.
It's about time we have a strong President! Get it done... President Trump
Mr president , don’t waste your time with North Korea, just send b1 with CBU , will take care of matters
and you draft dodger socialist democrat  deal maker daffy drumpf supported those same people especially the democrats
Start acting like the President of the United fucking Sates! We don't beat our chests dipshit. We don't start fights. We finish them.
You don't talk, you just barf out threats irresponsibly. You're going to destroy everyone.
#liberalismisamentaldisorder
Please stop trying to start war on Twitter.
Ignore the trolls, Mr. President.  I know that genocide isn't your agenda.  I support you taking out North Korea's nuclear capability.
That is absolutely correct . I agree              Mr. President

The bizarre comments from the Leftists here can safely be dismissed.  These Socialists are flailing, drowning, & desperate. #MAGA
대한민국 정부 가 무능한 탓 으로 봐야 합니다.
Sanctions is just a word, Iran will never submit to investigators... stupid to pretend they have changed.. just want the money
When is the nuclear war starting Mr Trump? U have talk enough now let the war start plz... Peace time is boring please
Only sanctions that would work, complete cut off from China and Russia.
Only after the US is ready to take action will China - Russia act.

Cut them off .. love you President Trump
Good thing you have Tillerson who is tough and knows your agenda
