Whatever their Plan for this Country n themselves it must have been a doozey to be so out of control, without Dignity, Shame or Respect.
Yes,blessed We dodged that Psychotic, dishonest Bullet! Regressives are sinking the country w/distractions
#FakeNewsRoundUp https://twitter.com/grose65511/status/863241419397283840/photo/1pic.twitter.com/r2r1zBA0Ht 
I would guess the Clintons.
no wonder you love that everything he says is a lie.
BETRAYED aMERICANS SINCE THE FIRST DAY TIL THE LAST & STILL IS TRYING TO DO IT  IN FAVOR OF THE ISLAMISTS
https://cubasikastrono-5.blogspot.ca/2017/05/an-anti-american-president.html …
the Muslim religion is not The same as ISIS?
Odd, Muslims kill Muslims which is strictly forbidden yet no one speaks up?????
nobody in the white House has ethics!  Are they all, like you, doing what benefits them financially?  Big difference
and all the States attorneys to stop those investigations.No one ever questioned Comey's honesty. You can't tell the truth.
big difference between not agreeing with how. He handled Hillary and firing him to stop an investigation on your campaign.
drain the Swamp?  Seriously?  Not only did you appoint cabibet members based on how much they paid you, you now don''
The dems are a disgrace!! If that Odumbass from Kenya had fired Comey, they'd be celebrating!
PLS SIR! INVESTIGATE ALL OBAMA APPOINTED PPL NOW BEFORE THESE PPL WILL HIRE PRO SHARIA LAW THEN WE WILL ALL GET INFILTRATED RADICALS

#MASA
You, Sir, are the disgrace.
They can show just as many clips of you praising Comey!  Just get out now before you wind up behind bars!!! Well you still May!!;)
ThIs Is A dIsGrAcE

HOW'S THAT 600K BEACH HOUSE WORKING OUT FOR YOU IN VERMONT. A PRESENT FROM THE CLINTON FOUNDATION ...TO GET LOST.
YOU should be ashamed.   You will go down in history as the #WORSTPOTUSEVER #ILLEGITIMATEPOTUS #IMPEACHTRUMP #LOCKTRUMPUP #TRUMPISCRAZY
How about all the times you praised Comey before? Now, you are the biggest hypocrite as well as the biggest liar.
you are the disgrace. Private meetings with Russians? What kind of swamp draining is that?
Look who's calling the kettle black.
Truth!!!
The Democrats are a disgrace and Chuck Schumer is the biggest joke going! He is a walking contradiction!
Is there a dislike button
Soon, donnie. Your impeachment is just around the corner and not long after comes the best part...Prosecutions on you, family, n Kushners.
Uninstall
YOU should be ashamed of yourself. Removing regulations on energy will allow greedy corps to pollute and kill the entire human race.
Right on !!! DRAIN THE DC SWAMP!!! Dems are darn liars and hypocrites !!! MAGA!!!
Only reason they are mad about Comey or why therr sky is blue, because they are LibTURDS
Did you think that one up all by yourself? #TheResistance
Sweetheart, liberals are not welcome in my conversations....go put on a vagina hat and run around the block for a few hours

GIGGLING STUPID #DEMOCRATS

Our Favorite Superhero lives in the @WhiteHouse & his name is @realDonaldTrump 
#RETWEET
#NationalSuperheroDay…
Now I found ya. Thanks.
Democrats must end this madness
42 years in Congress...TERM LIMITS!!
Is he and his wife locked up yet?
DRAIN THE SWAMP
Join us to #March4Trump in @WashingtonDC at @LincolnMemorial 11am March 4th!
Please consider chipping in
Ignore them @realDonaldTrump I've supported you since day 1 and will Never back off . We see your Heart for America and the people&God!
#Democrats hated @Comey before they loved him. (Basically, it boils down to whether he's useful to them at any given moment.)
We love and pray for you @realDonaldTrump .. ignore the enemy and keep pressing Fwd .. The evidence is IN you are Innocent and Best Pres.
And you should be doing 25  to life in an 8 x 10...Traitor
They have no shame!
It's May 10, 2017 and Donald J. Trump is still our President! 
Trump exposing these two-faced liars on Twitter is everything!
Keep #DrainTheSwamp going, sir!
Reopen the Clinton case.
Get rich quick! Crooked Hillary Clinton's pay to play guide: 
She all most made it! Except for 1 thing , Trump the man for America!!!  @tbeaux29 @sillybot_ @Kyle_AZ_ @wink_nod @Fully_C @OneVoiceUS
So u agree with tRUMP that FBI should b investigating White House leaks,even though classified info not being released & not illegal?
But classified info was leaked and been released so yea, they need to find out who the leakers are.
Ha ha ha ha! So u want the FBI to investigatev& find out which trump staffers leaked UNCLASSIFIED material from the White House
At least they acknowledge their shortcomings you fucking giant douche
yea a quote from 40 years ago LOL. what a intellectually cheap argument.
Why do minions defend people who would easily sell them down the river? (+have resources to fight for themselves)
we are normal people that can take care of ourselves not looking for handout after handout after handout like progressives
Like those in New York prostituting themselves for food/shelter. Trying challenging your beliefs there's other sources apart from @FoxNews
trying to fix the problem so the maximum people can get affordable care is a problem because there will always been one exception
Start reading messages through before posting, some are barely coherent
you should be ecstatic about Trump and pushing your Demo representatives to work with him instead of wasting time with Propaganda Memes.
You're awesome. Thanks for calling out the democrats' hypocrisy. 

They're losing it!
Wake up! Any other repub candidate would have been better. 45 is dangerous. Educate yourself before you vote again. Listen and learn. WOW!!!
I'm awake. Trump has secured my vote for 2020. 

He's keeping his promises.
Like. Seriously, you can't even comprehend nuance, and thought we wouldn't notice.
No, you got played and his base thinks you guys are nuts. If you can't see how powerful what he did is, you don't get psychology. The left
Wanted Comey fired one second, and the next second they didn't want Comey fired. It literally exposed the left and made his base stronger.
You think he has a STRATEGY! Oh. OH. You ... oh.
Yeah. He's done this repeatedly all the way to the White House and you guys don't get it yet. "Lying Ted". "Lock her up." He creates images
Of people by talking like a 5th grader that create biases in the minds of his base. Now he caught you guys calling for Comey to be fired and
I DO hope you enjoy borscht.
Hey, Traitor Trump, guess what time it is! 
IT'S SUBPOENA TIME!
Yeah. So with the investigation going on, we can agree that corrupt Comey needed to go.
An investigation that is now uncertain with Comey gone and who days before he was fired, wanted to accelerate the investigation.
So you trusted Comey on this investigation although some allege that he helped trump get elected? And then he publicly stated that Hilary
Committed a crime, then proceeded to say he wasn't going to press chargers, due to an excuse that has never been used before in similar
Cases. Not only that, but he broke protocol. Then in October that same man publicly reopened the investigation, although he could've told
Senators in a classified setting, again breaking FBI protocol. Then this man lied in front of congress just one week ago. And you're telling
Me that after all of that... you think corrupt Comey could run a credible Russia investigation? Oh boy
AFTER @ProperComm1 - Please see the Democrats previous position.
What a low class performance of POTUS. Incredible. Poor America. And your previous tweet threatening Comey is mafia style! #drainoffTrump
Democrats are illogical.
Keep kicking butt PRESIDENT TRUMP!!! We've got your back!!! #MAGA 
well said Missourian
Thank You! Texas born living in Missouri now. 

U, Sir R LIGHT; the Leftists R in darkness & of their father Satan,who is the author of confusion, hate &!lies  Darkness refuses light.
Dem Lib loons! How could anyone like them?
Words never forgotten will bite you in The but! Stand true to your words @TheDemocrats
President Trump the Democrats will continue to spread their twisted views because they have no other game plan.
Ashamed of what, exactly? @JakeTurx
Each time you cry, blame or criticize, let me remind you of your own words: "Nothing is easier or more pathetic than being a critic." -DJT
#Democrats have no God and no Shame.
Soon , they will have no country.
Maxine is my hero!
Bernie you are "Pot calling the kettle black!"
The majority of Americans see the utter hypocrisy, lying from the liberal lunatics like @SenSanders @HillaryClinton @BarackObama, etc. #dts
#draintheswamp.  Fire all the democratic and replace with all big companies execs.  We don't need politicians anymore.  Just republicans
They have no shame!
YOU DONALD,  SHOULD BE ASHAMED!!!!
BUILD THE WALL! Deport all ILLEGALS as promised!!!
It IS a disgrace!  Imagine what the people of the world must think of our country right now! Embarrassing!
#theclownking should go to jail! Lock him up! Lock him up!
YOU should be ashamed....duckwater. Pure duckies
Dems put the 'crites' in 'hypocrites.
Obama care isn't the problem. The insurance companies are. Repair. Don't replace. You are killing people to make the rich richer.
He is gone so now we should move on if he is part of the so called swamp then Flynn is the scum from the swamp get it together Donald
Just as a captain needs to go down with his ship, so must the head swamp lizard go down with his fellow lizards only he must go fIRST.
didn't you rape someone? aren't racist and sexist? you should be ashamed.
@M_Oberrender
We are ashamed of YOU!
Doesn't excuse obstruction of justice, Buddy
Exactly, DEMOCRATS' ARE A DISGRACE, and still busy proving it...!!!
why are you using all the "fake news" footage u whine about??

America is with your Mr. President. We will be at the polls in record numbers in 2018.  We won't forget  this disgraceful communist thief.
Democrats are so full of themselves just like Obama.  Disgusting
I love it
God Bless you sir! And God Bless us All...
Offcourse they can't lie as much as OLD ORANGE FART DO. tHAT'S WHERE DEMOGOGS LOST BY CONS ARTISTS[CONSERVETIVE]
Drain the swamp!!  Fire all the old insiders in Whitehouse. Start over!
stop the lies Donald.  You're a man child . Be a real president
U r now part of the swamp and we want u drained...it is disgraceful what has happened to our country in just 100 days!
It's about the timing. Comey wanted more resources for the Trump administration/Russia investigation. Who doesn't get obstruction of jutice
You should just be truthful about your intentions you want two American ECT don't be the first president to go to jail for treason
@RepMcSally @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @JeffFlake Trump Revealed Highly Classified Intelligence to Russia is the disgrace
I wish I could drain the swamp beneath your third chin but with that much pus and cum it would create a new swamp right where you stand.
Comey lost his credibility as the head of the FBI, wen he cluded with DOJ to cover-up CLINTON crime on tarmark. Ball keeps rolling..
Isn't it time to move the NYT and WaPo from the Newsstands to the Supermarket checkout aisle???
You are the swamp. #resist
Agreed! DRAIN THE SWAMP!  Counting on you. #Trump supporter #PROUD AMERICAN
Agree democrat ,want Comey fired ,now y trump have balls to fire him ,now they bitchin y ,Trump tks ,brining America Empire Back, @USMC
Comey should have resigned or been fired long ago,  however to fire him during an active investigation makes you look guilty.  Dumbass!
You should have FIRED him in Jan. NOT NOW!!! He and Yates, and others got too close for comfort didn't they. It will all come our anyway!
Go right ahead sir. Remember some GOP traitors, which are part of the swamp too.
The real disgrace is  #45 is operating USA like he owns it.  Lies, cheats, and manipulates the Constitution for his own purposes.  #45GTG.
I assume you have an example of what you are saying?
How many would you like BC Twitter has a character limit.
He never made it cause his own party pulled strings to disqualify him. Mrs. Sander is now under investigation $ so lets look at Trump
You're the disgrace. You project your inadequacies on others. Your mental disorders are so obvious. Get some help before you ruin the nation
You are the disease you pompous ass. How much can you destroy the lives of countless Americans before we see handcuffs on your tiny hands?
Not all Democrats are like that. Some of us just registered to make the red tape clear up on disability and relif applications....
Of course he shouldn't have came out right b4 the election against Hillary. But your situation is WAY MORE SERIOUS! let's be real.
Lock trump up now!!!!!

Executive order that holds dems and media financially responsible for the fake Russia collusion they keep pushing ,tax payers shouldn't pay!
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS the only swamp that needs draining is your #whitehouse. Try doing your job instead of crying on Twitter. #crybabycry
Democrats are genetically incapable of shame.
Democrats have done this forever. Conservatives remember but everyone else forgets. Now we have video exposing Dem frauds.
#draintheswamp
How can you pretend you even want to drain the swamp? You are the swamp. Start by taking yourself out of washington.
Try draining the new one you created
#DRAINTHESWAMP
Don't back up Mr president.. keep doing greatness for American...
YOU AND YOUR STAFF ARE THE SWAMP!!! For fucks sake
You don't have the intelligence and character in your entire body that Bernie has in his little finger. Show some respect. Shame.
Yes, people seem to forget how these Democrats are playing so dirty on their campaign in 2016,; they seem to forget how dirty is H. Clinton.
Her lies & corruption to all other people from other Nations brought them to disgraceful lost!  Those people will do whatever they can to
defeat her over maybe of her some empty promises and lies to them after they forwarded their money to her Clinton Foundation or they maybe
so disgusted at her knowing how dirty, corrupted, & manipulative she is in the political field!  Obviously her never ending ambitions in
extracting the money out from people has not end yet, she just begins another way & form to do so in the form of making people believe this
money is for the purpose of resisting Trump!  She's like the mother of devils doing the work of devious in her political field.
Very ungodly woman, her devious ambition have taken toll over her body & soul! When will she ever stop? Some Democrats people are following
her evil path to resist Trump! She's acting like Satan & all her followers are demons!! They will all go down to GEHENNA, the Bible describe
Swamp Thang !!
Why would we watch the fake fox news for any information. They are obviously willing to lose credibility by supporting you just like #Pence
You are the only #disgrace - along with the @GOP
I thought u said the news was fake lol.
You failed as a businessman, multiple bankruptcies. You failed as a husband, multiple divorces. Your failing at pretending to be a president
I love it when democrat party hypocrisy is on display for all to see.
Dems Hippocrates liars and political hacks
The Democrats should be ashamed I support you President Trump 100% thank you
Thank you President Trump for all your sacrifices. Most of us hard working Americans  u!
Vote out all antiAmerican democrats
You should be ashamed, you are not qualified to be our President, you embarrass the country, please resign Donald...
The Democrats have no shame, Mr. President.  That is a serious concern.
Phui  the blame game may work in business but I expect much more from the you Mr President
How in the heck does Maxine Waters have any credibility ?
She's just another DEMOCROOK with a bad hair doo .
Know we are disgrace by you Even a little child said so to your face,  2Face Trump and his own swamp traitors, tick tock tick tock lie more
Fake President
Why won't you let this man run the country? How sick can you be? #demoncratesderanged
They're a bunch of bipolar morons
TRUMP: 
Pathological Liar
Mentally Unstable
Aided Russian collusion 2016 Election
Aids Continued Russian collusion In US Foreign Policy
any Democrat who changed their mind on Comey should be dismissed themselves for lying.  No truth no job
How is it possible for a man to be as dim and greedy as DJT. What is wrong with his soul?
NUT JOB
http://m.me/CosaNosaHitt 

schumer has no credibility
LOL liberals have no shame
Not going to be any thing come of all this Russia nonsense just more waste of tax payer money. They may find crooked leaker democrats joke.
Bernie is a hack
