Liar liar pants on fire!
All on YOU! Bad Condo Salesman borrows from Russia, can't repay loan w/sanctions dropped. You're going to jail, fool. Resign or be Fired!
It seems the honors go to Putin, first & You, second.
T Y Mr. President for your hard work .Is there away to prosecute those in congress that try to put US in harms way .
Thank god we have a congress that is smart enough (not by much) in listening to real Americans on ACA
Now we can see all the strings, you oversized orange marionette!
Ask General Kelly to educate your rookie behavior. Seriously? Are you worthy of the office?Looks like not worthy.
Congress doesn't trust you. Pretty straightforward. This other BS is for your base to have something (anything) to cling to. #NotSubtle
No!!! It's your fault. You are suppose to be the President. Stop blaming everyone else for your screw ups....
Actually, these are symptoms of piss-poor leadership. A great leader would take responsibility and fix it!
US Citizens look at YOUR overblown PROMISES that YOU CAN'T bring to fruition
Your blaming the wrong people.
Wow. @realDonaldTrump is truly a sick & hurting individual. Unfortunately, he's dangerous 2 our democracy & our world. He needs 2b removed.
How about Blaming Russia and Putin !  This is due to their actions.  And quit blaming the Congress for everything when you aren't helping.
You signed the bill.   You and your administration encouraged Russia to "find the emails."  Your family met with Russians to collude.
Only 5 votes against the bill in the House & Senate. He knew a veto would prove he's a puppet and Congress would override it anyway.
You are wrong, Americans do have Health Care.
3rd party now I am a life long Republican and I am done with @SenateGOP they are a joke
Bro, we have healthcare. Your Congress literally tried to repeal it last week.
You Sir, are a complete mess! I cannot wait until you finish your 4 year term or better yet, are removed from office.
Unfit to be @POTUS!
No.  We blame YOU.
And thank you for the meddling that caused this.
No No #donnyboy.  U cant pass the buck here.  #putin got u elected n now he must be mad at you for not holding up your end.  #sorrynotsorry
Awwww is Putin mad at you? Looks like you're not gonna get anymore Russian golden showers.
Defection. Blame. Irresponsibility. Lies. You SUCK
You can thank yourself for not coming through for Russia with all the pre-election promises you them for helping you. Go Congress go! Yes!
Well, in this instance I agree with Trump.
Your relationship with your boss is your problem. Congress right to sanction hacking of election that undermined PEOPLE'S choice. #3Mvotes
Wait!!  You said President Obama should work with Congress, not around them.  Ugh, aren't you doing that too, and making threats to them?
Happy vacation.  We can all collectively breathe a sigh of relief.
You better start thinking about what n korea is doing but if course Russia more important to him.
If you think it is low now wait until you’re in prison and we implement the sanctions while shutting down their trading until they have a true democracy and support human rights around the world.
I think our relations were lower during the Cuban missile crisis.
All time low because we have an ‘all time loser’ president. Wait till he starts trouble after the SOTU speech tonight. He’ll rail against Democrat response. 
we all remember when you blamed Obama for making relations with the Russians at the level of the cold war.
2. Why doesn't he roll up his sleeves–like Obama did–and come up with a healthcare bill? What's stopping him?
1. Not surprising that he'd blame Congress–not his own inability to persuade Putin to get out of Crimea–which could've avoided new sanctions https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/893083735633129472 …
3. To state the obvious, he's apologizing to Crimea-squatter Putin for sanctions…and attacking *US Congress* @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
Yes, he sure is. He's never to blame. Don't you know? He's the greatest person on Earth! Everyone should worship him & his brilliant ideas!
Not very smart to attack the people who can and WILL start impeachment proceedings against U Donald
Seriously, get over Hilary.   Only pro trumps are using her to avoid the problem at hand. Deal with current events, huh?
They spent 8 years spewing garbage about Obama and can't defend their disastrous choice so it's always default back to Hillary or Obama
LOL!....Yeah kinda like u jihadist worshipers blamed Bush 4 ur disasterous choice but  he would've never stole WH w/out SOROS voter fraud!
Lol. A "Reaganesque" Con who supports the POS in the WH. Will ignorance ever cease? Not with these folks.
It's your choice to disrespect your fellow human or withdraw your support. Yet those who voted for USA success care about ur well-being. 
Please do tell, what success? What is slightly better today than it was this time last year? And be real
AND FUCK RUSSIA, AMERICA HASN'T NEVER BN SCARED OF THEM MFRS..YOU JST WANT THAT RUSSIAN GOLDEN PISS SEX TAPE...YEAH YEAH  "WE KNOW" "WE KNOW"
OOH I KNOW TRUMP DIDN'T SAY THAT HE TRIED TO TAKE THE ACA Affordable Care Act away and then blame it on Congress fucktrump
Lol
No. You can thank Russia!
No, we can thank YOU for putting our country in the direct line of danger. Take responsibility for once in your life, would you!?
I wouldn't hold my breath waiting for him to do the right thing. Doing the wrong thing and blaming others is more his style.
He'll never take ownership of his terrible decisions. What a child.
That's insulting to children. Mine know better. 
You are absolutely right. Children know better, even the little ones. My apologies 
He's never wrong. He never apologizes. Never has never will. I don't believe his parents taught him right from wrong. Same w his kids.
Yep.
Does anyone realize that 90k of those likes are from bots???
Not me 
Youre not a bot or you dont realize most his likes are from bots?
Oh I know half of his followers are likely bots 2 but Trump's ego won't allow him 2 admit it & his Trumpkins think it's a lie. 
;o)
98-2 Senate passed the Russian Sanctions bill -- @SenMajLdr What do you say Mitch?  Is the Dotard really like Jello, like @senchuckschumer says?  

#TraitorousPOTUS - siding with Russia again over the US.

419-3 in the House -- how about it @SpeakerRyan?  Find a spine.  
#Girther
Hurts my head reading tweets of ignorant people. No understanding of Geopolitics. fuck. Should have never made a twitter again. . .
No, you can thank @DonaldJTrumpJr Jerod Kushner, @PaulManafort Roger Stone, Page, @jeffsessions and your other minions for colluding! SAD
What a line up and all picked by the one and only!!!!
I agree.  Congress has helped ruin our relationship with Russia.  Crimea has been historically a part of Russia since 1790.
Maybe if you don't make Jerusalem the capital of Israel this would be prevented!
I THINK ITS HILARIOUS THAT YOU HAVE TO USE BOTS TO GET ANY POSITIVE REMARKS FOR YOUR TRAITOROUS ENDEAVERS. YOU BASTARD !!!  I'M NOT A BOT. I HATE DRAFT DODGERS AND TRAITORS TO OUR CONSTITUTION AND ATTACKS ON IMMIGRANTS (WHICH YOU ARE MARRIED TO) AND PEOPLE NEEDING HEALTH CARE

They gave us bipartisan health care. It's called the ACA.. which you have been sabotaging
@Aembrozia your bwoy steals tweets too. This was a Medvedev quote.
This is Why Russia is being haunted 
To all people, you should recognize when your own government are doing propaganda. So let's force them to have a pacific world !!!
The  President chooses to attack his own government rather than say a bad word about Putin #sad #NotMyPresident #WhyIResist
It really is highly bizarre that he continues to behave in this manner and his supporters not recognising/accepting that this is the case.
It seems they would rather see the US crash and burn than accept that he is an authoritarian grifter.
Seems you would rather have another war that could lead to the destruction of the planet. Hate and anger have made you less intelligent.
 I didn't vote for the man that sent 59 tomahawks to a useless airfield in Syria or has increased drone strikes 432% since taking office.
The right/left dichotomy is used to distract and play us against each other while the elite from both sides prepare for endless war for $.
Absolutely! The industrial war complex funds both the left and right in order to fatten their wallets and create divisions.
You want to take healthcare from 23,000,000. You're not "giving it" to anyone!
Watch as Dirtbag Donald Trump passes the buck.

This sign was on President Truman's Oval Office desk.

Truman accepted his responsibilities.
Hmmm I kinda agree with him. Congress has done anything and everything to not improve relations with Russia.
The mission of American public diplomacy is to support the achievement  of U.S. foreign policy goals and objectives.
https://www.state.gov/r/index.htm 
Where does it say we cannot have better relations with Russia?
Of course we can, but foreign relations are Rex Tillerson's job.

If he can't do it, Donald should find someone else.
True but how is he supposed to go and talk when Congress keeps on putting tha sanctions and keeps on blaming Russia of meddling - no proof
Russia may or may not deserve some sanctions.

1. They ARE a nuclear-armed country.
2. They HAVE been our enemy sometimes.
So has been Iran and China.
Dear Donald Trump, you are the president or symbol of power without authority.
No sir. It is not congress's fault.  When history is written, the sanctions bill that has done so much damage, will have been signed by DJT.
Like 2 KEEP sanctions on Russia 4 their election tampering as well as stunting their ability 2 make more  on oil prices rising etc.
As for "our" relationship with Russia we all know you and Putin or Big Daddy P as you call him  are lovers. Stop denying!
Go to #Moscow and take #MSM - put on huge positive event. I recommend you acknowledge #Unacknowledged or at least #LENR
Four words: Cuban missile crisis, jackass.
Maybe changing the channel from Fox to a history program might help, you muppet.
Let's vote the republicans out that don't want to play ball.
no you fool they messed with our democracy and you keep worrying about how it makes you look worry about America not Russia
Override them Sir!Youve the ability to call them out,&Do what needs to be done.
yeah and impeachment will be a given then genius.
Oh, do go on. Only idiots buy that drivel, #Putinspuppet. It's dangerous in your mind because, #Sanctions. Get over it.
Russia is not a friend. Why don't you move there and that will maga
So what you're saying is, "Republicans suck."
Declare a national holiday!
1st thing our so-called President ever got right.
Yet they  could all agree on RUSSAN SANCTIONS. WHAT A JOKE!
Good. It needs to remain low.
Mr president, Please keep going. doing great. dont let the bastards drag yah down. lots of us support you
All there looking for is to go on vacation. They will be looking for jobs in 2018
Blaming lawmakers who punished Russia for a cyberattack on our election, or blaming Russia for sticking a saber in heart of our democracy?
May we find our delight in the Lord, and His love. Amen  ( Ps 37 : 4 )
Ahhh!  Did Putin get angry at his new besty?
Really? Lower than during Non-Aggression Pact with Nazi Germany or Cold War? Silly!Russia deserves sanctions for Crimea & election hacking
I thank you for this, but I don't blame them. You haven't given them what you promised in election either I'm sure
You are the POTUS. If relationship is low & dangerous it falls on your shoulders. BTW, Clinton has a health plan. Where's yours?
Let's see more Turd-in-Chief transcripts!  Great job at making US a global laughingstock.
Yes, Congress woudn't let u repay ur debt to Putin and nix the sanctions. Now Russia says u must be eliminated. must b scary for u! so sad!
#RepealandReplaceCongress
Put in is a dictator who has stolen billions from his own people and murdered any opposition. And that's who you want to emulate?
Making lots of allies aren't you loser? Worst "negotiator" in history.
As leader of our country, the honor falls to you for having driven our Russia relationship further in the ground.  Your fault, not congress.
Russia if you're listening release Trumpinsky pee pee tapes. Thanks in advance.
I do thank Congress for protecting us from you removing Sanctions with your Russian buddy and where's your Healthcare Plan?
Your buddy Putin needs a couple strokes from Donny
I hope you are remembered as a success as a president and that you are re-elected! :)
Thank God Congress picked up on your treasonous behavior.   RESIGN.
Mr. Pres. You can handle it!  You're smarter than the generals...General Mills!!!
So you take credit for good things that you had nothing to do with, but bad things that you're to blame for are other people's fault. Got it
Gotta look after your Russian backers hey DT? They can have you, off you go!
You are the problem sir.
Thanks @BarackObama
Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time & very dangerous  low. You can thank your mum
You should be more interested in your relationship with our allies than your Russian friend.
Idk about you, but I already have health care.
Never has a man with nothing to hide worked so hard to hide it
Blame the left and their false natrative, useless investigations, games, and fear of going to jail for corruption! TAKE THEM DOWN @POTUS 
They should all be fired! They are working against us and personally I'm SICK of them!!
lol but he was the one who hired them in the first place. How ironic
Comrade Drumpf, just say Nyet.  You are a traitor to America. #FakePresident
No, we can thank you.  Congress and courts are all that's keeping the US from becoming a mirror image of Russia, правда?
They enjoy their lives  too much
HOW PRESIDENTIAL
Congress is DELEGATED to WORK for the PEOPLE. WAKE UP "AMERICA" and DEMAND they WORK for US! #KnowTheConstitution
Mr Trump, take away their HCare subsidies, make them feel what we the People have to go through everyday
I love how idiots do no research, even anonymous says that Trump didn't like this but had no choice and the deep state is running things
Have a nice day, Donald! We (common Russian people) really not understand that you can't carve up with our country,mb you explain to me
The Progressives on both sides are responsible over Russia stopping installation of MB govt in Syria. Stupidity
Do you even hear yourself? You have completely lost touch with reality Lying Donald.
why did you sign it ?
Stupid tweets like this overshadow anything positive U achieve.
U r the stereotypical Bully.U belittle all.
#Respect=Respect
.@POTUS @realDonaldTrump Wants us to have @HillaryClinton Healthcare plan.... I love this guy!
I did thank Congress for protecting us as you sure won't
No, we can blame you Donald
you didn't have to sign!
I know it sucks that you can't give your BFF Putin a rim job as easy now!
Are all the people on tweeter this stupid??? Sorry I got the app
Good idea.THANK YOU CONGRESS! @LindseyGrahamSC @cnnbrk
Liar, Liar! You, your family, and all your sycophants are the reason. You have sold us/US out!
Ouch . That is why you are not liked
Stop Blaming others!!
President Trump just realized that he is lone wolf  Congress can betray him but behind him half of US ordinary citizens respect 
What the hell are you talking about? Cuban Missle Crisis? The entire Cold War? You're pretty much fucking Putin. Give me a break.
What the Trump-Russia Grand Jury Means http://www.newyorker.com/news/ryan-lizza/what-the-trump-russia-grand-jury-means … @CNN @maddow @Lawrence @ChrisCuomo @AC360 @angela_rye @tedlieu @donlemon
You are the person most responsible for the deteriorated relationship by your conflict of interest and you are being investigated for it
Russia will end up starting war with us and all you democrats who said wanted to poss off Putin will see what happens then
Russia is cruel to people of the #lgbtq community! Dont marginalise our lifes! Dont ignore our safety!
Shut up.
Thank Congress for not giving us a decent healthcare. Amazing how criminals get better health care then your average American
Idiot RUSSIA is our adversary. You don't understand Our government, checks & balances, etc.
Shhhhhh. Anything you say can and will be used against you.
Im shocked guy on tv said he's  paying  $1500 a month,and forecast to rise 40%...for healthcare one child and his mrs...is that the norm.
Mr President, Congress is playing a very Dangerous game by continuing to push this Russian narrative. Not helpful at all.
Oh Donnie, you have never took the blame for anything! Its hard to stand up and be a man for someone who is spineless! You are no leader!

FARTHEST thing from a patriot (August 3, 2017; 8:18 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP  #FAIL
No one wanted to pass trumpcare as it would leave 23millionn uninsured and increase the cost for pre exist conditions, hurt the elderly/kids
Sorry for shouting, everyone. But, seriously, blaming congress? How twisted and unpatriotic can ine president get?
Hey "Mr. Negotiator", how about getting the insurance cos. to negotiate better rates towards ACA. Didn't you say you could make any deal?
Perhaps, you don't do any real work in the WH and only roll back Obama policies because you know you will never be beloved the way he is.
What? Yes, senators are to thank but you are the biggest one who put us in this situation.  This is your time
, you start a war, we will be assured all 3 of your boys will serve on   front lines. Barron will be perfect age!
soon reps & dems alike will kick you out of their party. They will not let you ruin our democracy get out now
NEW CIVIL SERVICE rules & laws
LIKE ALLIGATORS IN A SWAMP!!
Newsflash, you are the American President,  quit fixating over Russia
Your puppet master, Putin, told you to say that.
You mean like Obama blaming Bush  for all the failures in the past 8yrs with the famous "I inherited this " load of crap?
I thought thet voted not to take Hcare away. I guess they are unhappy Russia interfered in elections & circulated fake news about Hillary.
