We have made more progress in the last nine months against ISIS than the Obama Administration has made in 8 years.Must be proactive & nasty!
SHUT UP #TRUMP!!!!
Obama has more class in his pinky toe then you have in your entire body! You are a bumbling manchild bereft of human decency!!
Obama runs circles around you and intellect, dignity, swag, class, and humanity! And, his hands are much bigger!
Your jealousy of Obama is just downright sad! Your entire existence is to undo what he has done and then try to outdo what he is done!
It pains you that a black man was POTUS and that he did not bow down to you, and that he ripped you up at the correspondence dinner! 
You will never be half the man that Obama is, deal with it!
He secretly wants to be Obama.....he envies his entire being.
Who believes this bull shit? 

Look at all the terror attacks around the world.

Much more than when Obama was President.
In fight against ISIS, more civilians have already been killed under Trump than under Obama
Donald Trump 'rejected plan to defeat Isis because it was too similar to Barack Obama's'
Someone needs to tell him it's OK, we'll never mistake him for Obama. Trump is not intelligent, diligent, informed, humane, or good-looking.
Good looking?  Michelle considered herself out of his league and only dated him because he wouldn't leave her alone.
Compared to trump, Obama looks like Mr. Universe.
Trump is a sloppy greasy goof balĺ con man. While OBAMA is intelligent thoughtful and full of style and grace with compassion thrown in.
Agreed! Trump is a slovenly mess mentally, physically & spiritually.
...nasty?
Oh, sorry, got so distracted by your bizarre word choice, I missed all the grammar errors.
You need a space after a period.
Saying "the Obama administration has made" implies the Obama administration is currently still in power, so you may want to leave out "has."
Also you're a dummy.
...and you Sir Alex are funny.
I was thinking the same thing. Had me laughing.
Me too!! Good stuff Alex!!!
The Obama admin. would have came out & made a speech yelling at Americans how we should try and undestand them.

Trump takes action.
Good thing we have a president who isn't afraid of political correctness and will protect Americans regardless of what others think/say.
London's mayor is already on damage control calling this terrorist bombing a incident.

His political correctness is getting people killed.
Are you really alienating our allly AGAIN??
He isn't the real Donald Trump.
I don't remember Obama constantly comparing himself to Bush. There's just something really sad about that. If you REALLY think about it.
It's called narcissism - a personality disorder - and he fits all criteria for diagnosis.
He is abnormally obsessed with President Obama also.
Nasty = massive collateral damage and civilian casualties?
Are you in the military?
Well what are you waiting for? You want to kill ISIS so badly, why don't you sign up?
Y'all leave @lulujuna alone. Classic case of heel spurs...would join lol.
0 days in a row without comparing yourself to Obama...
He compares himself to Obama so much that he makes Obama look like the measuring stick for presidents.  One he can never measure up to.
Can't really take anyone seriously who considers Prisonplanet/InfoWars a legitimate source of news.
I love how jealous you are of @BarackObama.
He knows that ISIS wasn't an established thing until Obama's second term... right?
We would be lucky if he knew how to tie his own shoes.
He cant really do anything, expect pretend that his hair is on point and even then...
This gave me a good laugh thank you
:)
We're still waiting on your receipts on your 1 million dollar donation to hurricane Harvey.
These are only some of the donations from our generous PRESIDENT.
What did you contribute?
Those are some of the donations he *claims* he is donating. Just as when he claimed he donated to St. Jude's Hospital and to Hurricane Sandy
No. Those are some of the donations Dummy. They are well known Charities. If it weren't true they certainly would disclaim it.
Are the alleged donations derived from The Trump Organization, The Trump Foundation, or his personal wealth? I need to see documentation.
Who died and made you boss? Dont think Harvey victims care where the money comes from. I'm done with you. Byeee
Ms. Andolina, I asked a simple question and cannot receive a simple answer, no matter how earnestly I may try. Enjoy that invisible wall.
The Wall will not be invisible. 
Coming Soon!
Suggestion: You could more clearly & effectively convey the substance of your message if you simply tweeted a picture of yourself drooling.
There's nothing more pathetic or telling than your continued obsession w/ @BarackObama, a man who is your superior in every imaginable way.
Barack Obama is his superior?  Ha ha; that's a good one!  What are you smoking?
Lawrence also appears to be a bot no matter how much he protests, block.
Blocked. Lol
Tht's the "intolerant" left for you. They can't bare to see anyone disagree with them.
Yes, bot, we don't tolerate you. Blocked.
Miss Jackson, if you're proactive and nasty
the moment I saw that tweet, I was absolutely certain I wouldn't be able to come up with the right joke. This is it. Good job.
That's the way that Twitter goes
Perhaps he means we should get Ted Cruz nasty.
I thought he meant Nazi.
Everyone wants you impeached, even the idiots that love you.
Remember the words of President Reagan...
I don't think so but I like it.
Kudos, Donald, In terms of an early morning, twitter hissy fit, This is a category 5, Even by your high standards.
He was pent up...finally found his phone at the bottom of the Fruity Pebbles box here Kelly hid it.
Two words- Bin Laden! You're a dumbass.
Forget ISIS, in only 8 months you've empowed a terrorist group on  soil & we're all super impressed  #nazis #WhiteSupremacists #ALTwrong
ISIS terrorists in the desert standing around looking at each other puzzled, "what is this nasty he talks about"? Is he saying he is unclean
The only group POTUS is really nasty to is women & ISIS is certainly cool with that #tinyhands #nastyhuman
Ur awful. If you ever wonder why you're life is not what u thought it would be I'm sure ur the root cause of it. Good luck with that 
Wait so ur admitting ur presidents messages are disgusting? Finally we agree on something!!
Remember that Trump is not banning the countries that are most dangerous, instead bowing to them
But whatever he does, some people will blindly accept
As long as he uses catchphrases of the KKK, like "America first"
Trace the phrase back to its roots, KKK
This is so true. ISIS in Syria is almost gone and most of the territory they lost was after November.
Russians and Lebanese are fighting isis... Not US
The Kurds are fighting with US help,. Turkey and Saudis are also not giving ISIS support as before. Trump's position made a huge difference.
Nothing changed on the ground since election, any serious analyst on the ground can tell you that
What??? Can you even point where Syria is on the map? Raqqa is 65% taken by Kurds and on the Election Day ISIS was all the way to Aleppo.
It was gonna happen either way, I'm saying there has been no strategic changes, it's a fact
Don't talk about something you know nothing about. If you want to educate yourself, follow this site for updates.
Please educate me, tell me 1 strategic difference since election day, or even and kind or reinforcements that was not planned already
Blah blah blah ... more than Obama in 8 years, that one never gets old huh?
trump is always patting himself on his back for things other people did. trump has done NOTHING GOOD for the USA since his bogus election.
Your will get no argument from me, guys a fraud, who has 0 idea what he's doing

People fly into a rage spend weeks. months. fighting the NFL because a football player is foolish.

& Calmly walk past a Homeless Veteran 
Rather than this government help the helpless get help they need, they would rather condemn. Shame on them. Not Jesus' teachings.
I'm just guessing here, but I think a government

Of the People
By the People
For the People

Should probably take care of…

The People
As in defend the people from all enemies foreign and domestic?
Trump is so embarrassing that even Isis stopped targeting the US. They figured they can't damage us more than Trump already has 
I've been wrong before. I'm not wrong now. ISIS' goal is to bring down great nations. We're pretty low right now already, no point.


That is until you take off the flea trap and say you're Conservative... then you'll get stabbed in the neck by a #LiberalFascist
Your secret ISIS plan was just a continuation of Obama's strategy. Only SAD! PATHETIC! LOSERS! take credit for other ppl's accomplishments.
Has he spoken 2 complete senteces of truth strung together since May 2015?
Rip London
Sadiq Khan
London before and after Sadiq Khan
Muslims serve and have served this country with distinction.
Funny that someone from NY knows what they look like at the palace. Muslims are not a problem and terrorism is more likely in a big city.
There are bigger cities than London, and yet they don't have terrorist attacks every now and then.
I never said all big cities, but why would a terrorist go through all the plotting in a fucking town? 9m in London obvs makes more sense
Well, shouldn't we look at cities like Tokyo and take notes ? These 9mil should always be safe, not expect attacks every now and then.
London is 3rd largest city in europe, most of the terrorism is against the western world. Only Moscow and Instanbul have more Tokyo not west

I'd love to see that translated into Native American languages
huh? Illegals are all non-Native Americans and Natives were forced to learn English
What tribe? Who are your ancestors? When did you have your genealogy done?

He also said he could stop the violence in Chicago in 1week.  WTF you waitin for?
Lol forgot about that whopper.
Proactive and nasty is how you need to be with illegal aliens! People crossing the border illegally could be terrorists & gang members!
Progress on terrorists gets cancelled out if you import millions of recruits for MS-13 and other  latino gangs with #DACAdeal!
DACA illegals are all potential recruits for dangerous domestic latino gangs who cause terror in US neighborhoods and sell drugs.
Americans are victims of the terror of illegal alien gang members every day. These criminals were once just "children" too. 
#DACAdeal
Yasssss! Facts! That clapback was excellent may I add!!
Stay the Course, We Stand With You, We Cannot Tolerate madmen threatening to kill American women and children. God Bless America! #USA #MAGA
God bless deez nuts.

It's not even been a week since you pulled back surveillance on ISIS convoy at Russian request.
The convoy reached territory held by the Islamic State.
So are we basically ceding Syria to Russia?
Under Obama's administration Bin Laden was caught and killed. You couldn't even catch a cold.
Different terrorist group dad
I'm aware.
Your obsession w/Obama is so very #WhiteSupremacist of you
@barackObama w/ @HillaryClinton got #OsamaBinLaden
What have U accomplished? ZERO
Absolutely.  We have no time to waste.  #Terrorists needed to be treated like a #rodent infestation.  You don't kill one at a time.
We need more of this Mr. President. #MAGA
You do know he got Bin Laden - so that claim would be a NOPE!
Do you have data to prove this baseless claim?
Does he ever?
Nope.  He had the BEST secret plan to get rid of ISIS in 30 days, remember?
It was filed right next to his secret health care plan.
On the other side of his secret tax plan?
 Traitor-In-Chief/Liar-In-Chief.
Lock Trump Up. #FridayFeeling
Lock Trump Up, Lock Trump Up, Lock Trump Up, Lock Trump Up, Lock Trump Up
Lock Trump Up Lock Trump #FridayFeeling
http://Supremegod.org 
You've tweeted about Obama more than 4,000 times. Maybe you should get that checked by a psychiatrist.
Is it possible Trump might be in love with @BarackObama...I know I am
You would resuscitate bin Laden if you could, as long as you could undo Obama's historic and ultra-popular presidency. Why don't you resign?
You call this progress? I call it appeasement.
Really? You brag about things being the "biggest and best" with you, so let's hear those specifics. You're not fit to mention Obama's name.

I love this!
Me too lol
Next up... a tweet about winning the election and Hillary.
Because, you know...hand size.
Wait, I thought (according to Trump) Hillary was nasty.  Is nasty only derogatory wrt to a woman? (in Trump's mind). Now nasty=good=Hillary?
Regardless of your politics or point of view, it really says something that you find pleasure in seeing other people upset.
isis was never there 8 years ago 
Isis existed since 1999
in power i mean
Yep.. since 2014 I guess
Oh. So now nasty is a good thing?
We are behind you, sir, and appreciate that our leader is doing all he can to keep us safe and secure!
#DiligentSoldiers
Theresa May is a disgrace to the UK. Totally bought off and just another Angela Merkel
They can not get away with this. We are WATCHING!!
Wall.
Keep trying, my little sheep. Keep trying.

You mean like the jobs he promised , and all the other BS he made you all believe?
Forgot a comma again, Tommy.
Aren't you late for Walmart, Patty?
What a crushing response.
The minorities like Yazidis&Christians need you to support them bcz they are genocided in ME
#74YazidiGenocide
#TrumpSaveYazidis
This is a lie. Stop being a fucking liar for one millisecond of your life.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thankyou Mr. President #maga

Body shaming and making fun of intellect disability is rock solid #LibCulture. Keep it up--helps wake America to the #LiberalVirus
Well well well, we got a live snowflake here! 
Just keep talking please
I should have looked at your profile before replying. I see you're one of those crazy holy rollers that thinks Trump is a gift from God. smh
We are all gifts from God. None more than others.
Barack Obama bombed empty desert.  Dropped flyers.  He should be in prison.  He enabled, and financed terrorism. #doublestandards
Funny, profile says you're  U.K. So he's not your president either.
Mmmm, you clearly don't understand racism.
You are ridiculous


Namaste, yes they are the past administrations' hold overs called the DEEP STATE. Shanti
Namaste, whatever helps you sleep at night.
Obama’s Middle East Failures Looked a lot Like a Plan to ESTABLISH ISIS http://theminutemenmedia.com/2015/05/obamas-middle-east-failures-look-like-a-plan-to-establish-isis/ …
That's all I got to say about this
Too honest?!? Do you even listen to @realDonaldTrump or do you just like to watch his mouth move?
So CNN is not #FakeNews and Scotland Yard didn't have the latest terrorist on their watch list? We don't need a wall or a travel ban?
And who's gonna pay for that wall? Was it Mexico? Didn't he ask for funding from Congress with the threat of a shut down?
That's it? That's all you've got? and you would have voted for Hillary?
I could go on and as I'm sure you could too. Seems pointless to try and change each other's minds huh? And I did vote for Hilary
You're mistaken if you think Trump's popularity is a cult of personality. Did you see how much trouble he got in with his base this week?

By creating new radicalized ppl, from continuing Obamas terrible foreign policies, on steroids! Great job my fuhrer!
Oh...I bet you were referring to Soros.  My bad.
Um..... Sure!  Yeah.. Bingo 
Well....when you tweet a moronic opinion you'll get a moronic answer.
Exactly! Wait are you referring to me?... Rude!
I like your humor, though.  Such fun!
Well your swell too!  
This seems like the beginning of a beautiful  friendship!
That's because Obama was 4 Isis before he was forced2act like he was against em-he&McCain armed&enabled them-should b held accountable 
Liar! 
#LiarInChief #donthecon #trumpfail #liarpotus #greedytrump #resist #impeach45
What you're not gonna do is put down my mans Obama
Site your sources oh great story teller of Make Your Own Adventure book series.
Quality over quantity. #ObamaKilledBinLaden
Send all illegals back! They are trespassers in our country. Breaking immigration laws makes them criminals!
You have created more hate and discord in this country than any other leader ever in the history of this country, shame on you
Talk talk talk talk Talk talk talk talk Talk talk talk talk Talk talk talk talk Talk talk talk talk Talk talk talk talk Talk talk talk talk
Err...how many leaders or significant members of ISIS have you erased, you are acting like you did something, the guy with heel spurs.
Bankruptcies, sexist comments, Russian entanglement, lies, stupidity and fraud...those are your accomplishments.
That's a lie. All you do is lie, golf and line your pockets with taxpayer money.
To Donald Trump or David Dennison whoever-you-are today, God's word says, be sure your sins will find you out. They R all coming out.
wish i could rt but ur private
Things are getting bad when even the dipshit MAGA's are burning their hats
Would you please elaborate with precise facts and information on what YOU have done. You are so pathetically needy.
YOU ARE ISIS WHO ARE YOU KIDDING
Bravo. We all see the effectiveness of your purposeful leadership. No going back.
#That's Because 'obama.. fundedweaponized & watched while he played golf (IN OUR COUNTRY)How are the Iraqi Christian's That Requested Help?
Pix, or it didn't happen.
This one made me laugh out loud hard.
insulting the last president with false statements isn't a way to win against terrorists. You know we are all Americans right? #stoptweeting
Thank you!
You are right!
I guess so Ovomit was feeding them for the past 8 yrs
@BarackObama must be flattered by your constant attention.
Real?...@ http://kiliedutravel.com/packages.html 
And you're going to think nasty..  Mueller is working his way up to you.....  you traitor.
Yap yap yap yap yap yap yap yap yap ysp yap yap yap yap yap yap yap yap yap yap yap yap [poop self] Yap yap yap yap yap yap yap yap yap yap.
Don't Listen to these welfare recipient Obama-obsessed Leftist cucks.
LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR
God you are delusional
I don't believe a single thing you say or tweet. You are totally untrustworthy!
#idiot Just do your job. Stop blaiming and comparing your piss poor job to anyone. #usuckaspresident "Elect a Clown, expect a Circus"
Have data to prove that?  Don't worry, I know the answer and it's NO!  Why, you say?  Because it's just another lie!
Indeed sir
You are such a moronic idiot and a disgrace to our country!  I can't wait for your impeachment date!
Nahhh you don't get to go using "nasty" now that it's cool! You lost that privilege tryna drag mama @HillaryClinton #YouAintNasty
Than why isn't it being reported? I never hear about our troops making head way. If so why are more troops needed to fight them?
Misleading
Obama? He's so last year.
But didn't obama single handedly fly himself into Pakistan and kill ubl all by himself

Your obsession with (and hatred for) Obama is, to say the least, ironic. You wouldn't be POTUS today if not for him, for your victory was a racist rebound from his presidency.
Constantly comparing himself to Obama because he has no merit on his own
And u back that up with what #Facts? #FakeNews #FakePresident #Resign

You just can't keep President Obama's name out of your mouth can you? Is it an obsession for you #45? Seek some help for that problem.
The SA army/Russia have liberated most of Syria who is also providing aid/food/medical care. The only aid that came from u was to Alqaeda
That is absolutely, positively, the biggest damn lie in human history.  All you do is lie, cheat, and steal. Obama is better than you.
Actually that's a lie. You airstriked SA army while they were fighting ISIS,placed US bases near Syrian oil fields and had ISIS protect them
Yeah, NO GET YOUR FACTS RIGHT, GO EDUCATE YOURSELF, START WITH A HISTORY CLASS, YOUR STILL IN OBAMA'S FISCAL DOINGS TILL OCT1St drop the ego
“Trump is the most ignorant, offensive president of my lifetime. His rise is a direct result of white supremacy. Period.”
You are delusional
You haven't done anything in the last seven months. Before that you weren't president........
Specific examples, pls. Or is this just more bombastic boasting? & nastier than you are to your OWN ppl? Thght you maxed out on that at home
When did ISIS come 2 the USA? There's more than 20 CELLS of M*slims in the USA who have MASSIVE weaponry… WHO's work'g on that? First Home?
you have made no progress at all, stop comparing a real president (Obama) to a fake president (trump)
By "we" of course you mean the Russians,right sir?
Make them suffer onii-chan
30 days Don, you said 30 days!!
I'm calling bullshit on this one. Trump must love Obama because that's all he talks about.

Send sheriff Joe to handle ISIS
Fake news!  You said you would destroy them in 30 days. We are well past that.
You are a skunk and we don't care for your odor
Sad lil racist Trump can't stand that a black man was president.
Bullshit. President Obama took down Osama bin Laden, something you GOPussies could never do.
Like how you stopped surveillance on ISIS because your butt-buddy putin ordered you to? Trump, you're a low-level Russian puppet. SHILL
