Yeah, forget about the "fire and fury" threat issued to NK a few hours ago, this worthless endorsement is much more important.
I'd ask why you're not dealing with North Korea, but frankly, this is far less scary.
Yes Alabama has done really well under Republican rule.
3 Years, 5 Months, 11 Days, 15 Hours, 43 Minutes, and 27 Seconds
7 Years, 5 Months and 11 Days, then VP Pence becomes President
The entire world is terrified of nuclear conflict tonight because of your dumb ass and THIS is what you tweet? A tribute to Dr. Strange?!?
That Little insane twerp in N Korea is why the world is terrified. He is an unhinged terrorist to his own people ,whom he starves.
Yeah I don't know anyone who is terrified. The big problem is how terribly North Korea treats citizens. Like slaves. It's atrocious!
ask the south Koreans if they are terrified.
They should be and ARE of their  dictator.
Ignorant AF. Jesus go read a boom
As a citizen of Alabama, I prefer my reps to NOT be "yes men". Get ready for Doug Jones! #AlabamaSpecialElection #Resist #ResistGOP
RIP Luther Strange
Mo Brooks is the best candidate.
While America is sitting here worried about a NK Nuclear Bomb, the Rest of the Work is worried about Trump
Anti Trump people can kiss our ass. President is doing a great job despite all the Liberal dickheads that try and stand in the way
Fine you go to Guam
Since he bought that seat, I would expect no less from you.  Since Putin bought yours...

Who cares
America Stands with you Mr @POTUS and the decisions you made about the madman of  North Korea! the #USA  will back with you sir!
Correction: Roughly 35% of America is with you.
I think it's down to 30 now. After today, maybe 28...
yeah. and that's not true.. but keep trying:)
Please don't kill us all.
I'm sure he's not happy about the kiss of death!
Yeah till he does something you dont like
Don't start a war with N. Korea! #idiot #resign
Just like another GREAT MAN from Alabama, A.G. Jeff Sessions!
You really do try to STAOC don't you?

Thinking  .... that you made a BIG mistake in backing this creature of the swamp.
I thought we wanted to drain the swamp, I 'm guessing thats off the table now.
So Friday ought to be interesting, no?
But you only have the endorsement of 33% of the country so..
Who?? #DoctorStrange?? Okayyyy
Oops! Never endorse a Mitch McConnell pick! They will obstruct your agenda in the end!
Mr President, we love you but please know that the only Senators and Reps who will get our votes are those who stand 100% behind your agenda
If the point to your legacy is appointing and endorsing the most unfit nutcase thief you can find, THEN GREAT JOB.
Thieves*
That means he can kiss his re election good by.
More gifts from my sweet friend @ToDropADime2
That should earn you the Holy Grail of blocks. 
We'll see! I'm actually shocked it hasn't happened yet! Were you following him before?
Yes. I'm shocked it took this long.
See, that's probably the problem! I don't follow him, I just troll his page!
Booo, Drain the Swamp, back Mo Brooks. Mo actually wants to Build the Wall. Strange is more Establishment weakness.
You need more allies in the Senate, not weak RINOs.
Obviously you’ve had time to study this #Trump. #Strange is the #Swamp! Vote #MooreSenate. A real candidate for #Alabama
Just passing along for my friend @ToDropADime2
Now that #Trump blocked me can someone please forward for me?
FuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuCK YOU 
Ty
Absolutely! Anything else you want me to pass along?

More Is The Better Candidate u r as wrong about Strange being the better candidate as u were about Sessions being a good AG
He needs to be drained from swamp!
Trump endorsement… sounds like being handed a poison chalice.
You just ruined this dude's career.
you were quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
where is your loyalty now? LOL Deleting tweets really????
Senator Luther Strange has done a great job representing the people of the Great State of Alabama. He has my complete an...
Mr. President, Luther Strange Appreciates Your Endorsement/But, This Alabama Voter Will Not Endorse Your Endorsement/  No Sir
Speaks in a very disconnected way, most child like. Master at throwing around BS. Absurdly stupid man.
u need to wake up the gop is actively trying to take you down and u keep propping the people who are fighting you back up
YOUR MOTHER would not take your endorsement...YOU CHEATED ON ALL YOUR IMPORT WIVES...YOU CONSISTENTLY LIE...YOU R A THIEF!!
no he has not, he is a self serving RHINO WE want Judge Moore he will work with you.
hoje trump recebera o ladrão criminoso foragido temer do Brasil  o chefe de organização criminosa
#winning
I HOPE you have the sense not to be proud of this tweet NOW. SHAME ON YOU for supporting Strange over Moore.
And now the great people of Alabama will assemble amazing C Series planes !
Long live the CSeries !!!
The KISS OF DEATH!!!
Do you endorse him like you endorse Russia?
That would be Clinton who is the only one who took money along with Podesta the Pedophile
Just another #bot for @realDonaldTrump - bot strokes for the wee man with wee hands.
Looks like my comment hit a sore spot for the original poster - I've been blocked by another bot. Go figure.
They may not all be bots, but the worst thing is how the false facts get spread.
Sorry not even close. I supported Trump from day 1 - donated money - volunteered a bit for his campaign and voted 4 him. Repeat 2020.
Save your money for healthcare! You will need it!
Been saving all my life. Amazing what ppl could do if they work and save money. Live responsibility. Then others wouldn't have 2 pay 4 them.
Ok, then! But remember you supported @SenJohnMcCain & @SpeakerRyan too. WE DIDN'T want either, but followed your advice. I'm confused.
And THEY LIED to @realDonaldTrump said they'd support him & he trusted them. Strange is #TheSwamp staunch supporter of McConnell concerned
They in it for all self serving interest ! I believe it's been a uni party all along .
soooo you enjoyed your BJ?
McConnell talks trash about you and you back McConnells pet Luther strange wake up mr president
how long till you find a reason to have him removed
And that is the #1 reason NOT to vote for him!
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @nytimes
Listen:
Roy Moore
.@realDonaldTrump  Seriously  ....
Oh Llok. Another Alabama swamp monster. Draining all the water only showed you where to hire more swamp beasts.. You must be SO proud.
Wtf? The swamp got you
Till tomorrow, when he won't.
That is strange
Hard to trust anyone endorsed by establishment McConnel. They need to support you 100%
No, No, a thousand times No! No Strange. Brooks or possibly Moore. Just not Strange! Thx.
Did u ever meet @lutherstrange? Tell us about it.
President Pants On Fire, of course you would support the candidate that sucked up to you a lot more than the other two. Small minded!
no! Big mistake, he's a swamp RINO
Is this because you have internal polls showing him strongest in the general election?
Stick to Medicine you have no idea about politics.
WTH?  This is stupid.  Mo Brooks not Strange!
Yep I'd vote for him unlike @SenatorBurr and @SenThomTillis  he represent his people as he should.
I love you Mr. President, but Luther Strange is another McConnel. Establishment loser. Being an Alabama resident I very respectly disagree
come now, Mr president..He is ESTABLISHMENT a JOHN McCain in the making!  U c wat McCain did to u!  Mo brooks is who u want
#alabama is a #trainwreck
Now back to your collusion with Russia!
@realdonaldtrump #disgrace #hitler #liar #fullofshit #smallhands #facist #traitor #clown #loser #impeach #resign #clueless #potus #criminal
Watching All In with Chris Hayes? Didn't like hearing the two other republican candidates don't like you much, hummm
You the man Trumpy
Pigs of a feather apparently DO flock together, huh? OH! Sorry - 'birds.' Maybe pig-birds? Or bird-pigs. When pigs fly? Pathetic.
Luther Strange? Isn't that the name of an Evil Super Villain from the DC Universe?
Pls RT this until @realDonaldTrump see's this! Pls President Trump, pardon .@sheriffarpaio  he doesn't deserve what's happening to him!
Bad mistake. Strange is funded by Swamp leader @SenateMajLdr. Alabama needs to support Mo.
Why Mr. President? He is Not a True Constitutional Republican. He isn't on Our Team. He is a hack He's part of the "NEVER TRUMP " team
THAT is all I need to know to be sure he's the absolute WORST. Cases in point: DeVos, Sessions, Bannon, Manafort, Tillerson, Miller, Pence

Зарегистрируй подарочную карту на сайте http://www.nmlcoin.info   ID пригласителя - именно этой подарочной карты : NLT002444666 
WHY?  A RINO WHO SUPPORTS MCCONNELL/MCCAIN NOT U? BOTH BROOKS & MOORE SUPPORT U, LOWER TAXES & REPEAL.GET THEM 2 FLIP COIN & ENDORSE WINNER.
UNTIL HE DISAGREES WITH YOU.  Praised Comey-Sessions 2.  Stuck knife in their backs, 4 doing job appt'd 2 do. Uphold Constitution. U Don't!.
Who cares? Your "endorsement" means nothing, other than who to ignore next. Sad!
Why would you endorse a swamp dweller, aligns with McConnell, will never vote for our agenda when it counts? Mo Brooks is my choice!!
Choosing him over a loyal supporter in Mo Brooks is a huge mistake. U will get nothing but another Mitch McConnell lackey. He is the swamp
Strange
Truth to power Mr. President, how are you going to drain the swamp when you keep endorsing swamp dwellers Try being loyal to your supporters
He is not the choice of the people, Roy Moore is. Luther Strange is another McConnell.
He should be scared shitless of your support!!!
i endorse roy moore.
Bad choice! He's a never Trumper.
Maybe until he disagrees with you then He's Fired! You also endorsed da mooch. This Nasty Woman & Fam from Alabama will Never Endorse him.
Big mistake! He
No, say it ain't so, Mr. President!!  I believe him to be a RINO!
Dude must be a colossal douchebag if you're endorsing him. #NeverMyPresident
Trump's total support is meaningless. Weakest President ever.
No no no no!!!!!
We live u DJT but @MooreSenate is Da Man!
Thought u wanted 2 drain the swamp?
I am not allowed in alabama because i have no cousins and am a niglet
Good. Maybe he'll lose.
His opponent thanks you.
The minute you say X and Mitch McConnell says Y Luther Strange will vote Y.
Your staff is against you, including family. Americans see it!
Please Mr. President, do yourself and the country a favor and endorse a man who will back you up. Judge Moore.
Hey, Donnie? In case you haven't noticed, Big Luther is more crooked than a 1,000 yard zigzag line. Oh, that's why you like him!
SMH.  Why ignore the true conservatives in the race?  #DrainTheSwamp
Well he won't get elected now! Thanks trump! ha
Judge Roy Moore is the man you need in Washington DC.
No offense but doesn't the name Luther Strange sound like a villain in a Superhero Story?  Hope everyone has a sense of humor.
Vote @TripforSenate #cleantheswamp
#princerezapahlavi_trump_sos
You're strange.
He's a never Trumper! A McConnell stooge! Strange represents the "sewer"! You said "drain the swamp"! This is not MAGA!
Of course Trump likes Luther Strange.  Strange is a wealthy man for the wealthy. He is not a man for the people. Like Trump.  Both jokes.
what you need to do is just Resign  and be a fool in disgrace for the rest of American history
LOLOL
Trump - Antiestablishment my ass! Drain the swamp - my ass! How is adding another swamp creature "draining the swamp"?!?!
We don't like any of senators! Sessions had ruined pain care here! Wake UP! Citizens R Suffering! Is why alcoholism on the Rise! B BALANCED!
Then, not
Another Southern state wanting to return to the Confederacy.  Anti civil rights/voting rights etc. More bigots in POWER to brown nose Trump!
BFD - how about you endorse me sino can tell you what to do with your endorsement - Hip Hip Hooray!
Well that's a death sentance. I feel sorry for Senator Luther.
Until he does something that is not in your self interest
.@realDonaldTrump Heard U have another tainted attorney on your team. Are there any honest attorneys that will work for you?
pls reconsider this endorsement @mobrooksforsen has been for you since beginning
Strange was appointed by a gov he refused 2 investigate thought u were against corruption u should research b4 u endorse #MOBROOKS4SENATE
Strange is as bad a choice as Rosenstein was. And I told u then it was a bad choice. DAG Rosenstein needs to step down if he won't fire him
well there goes his political career
Umm--is this how you drain the swamp?  
Já sei que é um cuzao @realDonaldTrump valeu
طاطاططططثيييثطظضخثثطغغذ
HE DOESN'T HAVE MINE.  WHY ARE YOU SUPPORTING ESTABLISHMENT RATHER THAN CONSERVATIVE CONSTITUTIONALISTS?
So did Jeff Sessions at one time. You really think people care?
Mo Brooks has stood with this country's constitution and it's people. Deserves your support. Not a Sen. McConnell drone.
Well. There goes that man's political career.
Which means you are going to try and fire him in one weeks time.
Hey Doofus!  Still golfing?
That's a huge mistake he is not for the people just another part of the swamp which you promised to drain
.@POTUS you do know @SenatorStrange supports 60 vote, Filibuster rule in #Senate, right? He's a staunch supporter of @SenateMajLdr NOT GOOD!
Get off Twitter, Spend the time educating yourself and go do your damn job.
By endorsing "Big Luther" you just welcomed another gator into the swamp.  -Jeff from Alabama.
702 472-6562;
Thomas James...lets embarrass the leaker and the media in one move!
Call me, II know just how to do it!!
What happened to #draintheswamp ?  Please show us you are not #drinkingthekool-aid !
Sucks for him.
Yep... the inbreeder states are you base.
Strange is a McConnell crony. There are two Conservatives running for Senate in Alabama and neither one is named Luther Strange.
NO!!!! VOTE FOR JUDGE ROY MOORE! He is by far the BEST choice for Alabama, AND accomplishing your agenda! REMOVE THE RINOS & NEVER TRUMPERS!
Which don't mean crap  we know how quick u turn on ppl
I'm not so sure about LS of Ala. let's look into to that a little closer Pres.
No! We really need a conservative - not a Mcconell lackey
Why?
Isn't he a McConnell tool? I  though there were at least 2 other cands in #ALSEN race who were real Trumpists.

#OnlyTrump #GopExit
Are you kidding? Mo Brooks would help you get ur agenda done. Strange is an establishment leach n will do whatever @SenateMajLdr wants not u
lucky him
