This is like the 4th time I've liked and retweeted this tweet. Twitter is playing with the likes/RT #'s
Same here. Just had to do it AGAIN.
Interesting. Yesterday, "like" totals were 185K. Today they are 175K? 
Twitter scams. I literally watch a poll got from 95%NO to 5% yes "is Trump a racist" with 165,000 votes change to 65% Yes 35% no in seconds


You are the man Trump. Thanks for standing up for the majority of Americans who are never portrayed by the CNN and CBS and The PBS stations. They don't report real news. I pray that you keep it going and don't get discouraged.
Ew why
Yes sir. MAGA!
Why are you just saying that out of nowhere? It makes no sense...
You ARE making America Great Again
Please help make CA great again. Work with @JoinTravisAllen
8 years of hate and tression crimes against nation. Bye a pices of shit. And you call for the president to be impeached ? Obama and hilery alt ta be in jeil.

Thank you Mr. President. Your Patriots have your 6       #DrainingTheSwamp
....................can you relax?
Yes let's make America GREAT AGAIN and #ImpeachTrump
Leave
Easiest and quickest way to MAGA - Trump resignation, impeachment or imprisonment!
We never stopped Don. Silly ignorant man
The only way you could  "MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN"is if you resign
I like the 25th amendment section 4 option.. it's a little more ignominious 
I miss Obama
Way. Cause he hates this nation.
Pretty sure our great grandfathers didnt fight the nazis just so the nazis could have the "freedom" to march with hate and violence"
IT WAS GREAT BEFORE YOU SHOWED UP
Just to clarify for ppl. #AltRight       is in favor of white nationalism. Thats the def of AltRight
Misogynists are Governing America
But can my teachers get a raise?
If you resign.  You are incapable of true leadership.
aNd Obama did? NOT!
Keep going. We are stil behind you!
No one supports you except for obvious Bot accounts. Sad!
Isn't that your job?!
All you have done is MAKE AMERICA HATE AGAIN.
Anyone can make a stupid meme with false information. People have known Trump is a racist for many years.
#Trump: "MAKE AMERICA #HATE AGAIN!"
GOOD MORNING! JUST CHECKING TO SEE IF YOU'RE STILL A RACIST. YUP, LOOKS LIKE IT! SAD! 
You support Nazis
You first..
Elie Wiesel, Holocaust survivor: "We must always take sides. Neutrality helps the oppressor, never the victim."  
Hear that, DonTheCon?
YOUR RESIGNATION WILL DO THAT!!

The Red Cross & Salvation Army dump Trump
Because you made America suck, Donnie.
Yup! #MAGA your teenie tiny heart out you #Loser
AND The Hat & Clothing Are Made In China
Definitely. He's such a #Loser
Impeach Donald J Trump #BePositiveIn4Words
Hey dude that is an alternative but lets be honest Trump gone WILL NOT stop the HATE Rob, you know it won't?
No it won't, but at least we would have someone who doesn't endorse it..
I ask Rob so I know if I missed something I am fair to myself. Though seeing sectarian violence first hand Trump is not that.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN is NOT a "Controversial" message
The election is over. It's time for Americans to rally around our President, and work together to improve the country
Don't watch CNN unless you want to me misinformed about the state of the country. America is doing exceptionally well! #GreatAgain
We are the envy of the entire world. People from other countries message me all the time saying they wish they had President Trump
I highly doubt that. HIGHLY. I'm pretty sure we're the laughing stock of the world.
I'm from Holland. And I am happy he is NOT my president. Can't stand Trump
We're so thankful you're not an American.
Speak for yourself @pcgallagher17 I am an American and I am with the majority. #TRUTH
You have absolutely no idea what makes America great. #GeeksResist #TheResistance
It's people that fight to make peoples lives better. People that inspire hope for a better tomorrow. That is truly making America Great.
It's trumps official twitter page. We couldn't possibly expect less from the basket full of degenerates.
Don't @ me

Ewwww
America being great ew? Smh
No that slogan is ewww when was America "great"
Exactly I'm puzzled by when this refers 2
America has been never been great? Vic Mensa has some lyrics that explain "I never claimed to be a perfect man but name a great man who was"
What time period is it referring 2 is what I'm asking. Cause he wants it be great like that time period I'm assuming
If you think he wants to strictly replicate a time period you're delusional
No I don't I'm just curious to what time period he is referring 2. Isn't America great now ? Worlds super power best military
I'm gonna assume America was great post WW2 is what he is referring 2
DO IT!
no
Four issues to resolve and make America great again are Cuba Vzla N Korea and Iran

The PERFECT DACA solution is to end the program
Yes Mr. President
DO NOT SIGN DACA!!
It's funny how liberals enjoy the freedom. Of running this nation down. Well go to some other county and try crap like that .North Korea or. Iran. And go wee way. So if you want that well get your shit and get. No one cares or even miss you.
A soccer player on a jetski?
Heading back to Washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest Fake News reporting I have ever seen!
Nog altijd aan het flippen over een illustratieve afbeelding?
Wees gerust: ik flip niet zo snel.
So far you're doing a good job 
Not doing the worst job
Pretty sure an eggplant would be doing better as president lol
Nah

Who'd you want to be president?
I think he wanted Bernie
Anyone but that orange idiot tbh lol
