Pretty week and petty Steve.

Only one man in US history has tried to replace the entire establishment with a dictstorship to enrich self, family & 1%.
Trump
Was that your cat typing or you? Dictatorship???
I can almost feel the cognitive dissonance rattling your brain space
After criticizing 44 as a dictator for using executive orders, he has done the same. He has used threats to try to intimidate staff/media.
These are the classic moves of a dictator in the making as is installing unqualified family & supporters. Why don't you think he is ?
I acknowledge he's a highly unlikely and unusual character to be Pres. Rough & tumble NY business guy who isn't afraid to bang some heads.
And doesn't care if it is women, children's and infirm & disabled whose heads he is banging. He is literally everything I loathe...in WH
May I just say, I LVE My President @POTUS
Me too! Making America Great!!
God Bless Our President Donald J. Trump and Leaders of Our Nation! We are praying for you all in Jesus Christ name!
Are you aware that it is entirely possible t-Rumpy is the Anti-Christ? Best go read "Left Behind"
you wake up.... You really need to read more I happen to love Nostradamus and Trump is NOT who he is talking about you will see..
Trans men and women were probably among those HEROES!
I'm sure there might have been. He never said trans people can't be heroes, they just cant join the military.
Of course trans people served in the military..just under their birth gender. Lol. Obviously the molded themselves to fit with the military
It's so nice to finally have a president who not only loves America, but those that protect us as well. #MAGA.
As long as it's straight white male america!
666


This was a great day honoring the heroes.  Thank you for presenting them with the #MOH
Medal of Valor #MOV
It's a real shame those hero's had to accept their well deserved honor from such an ILLEGITIMATE and DISHONORABLE president. SAD!
Ok Steve, and our last POTUS gave a crap about our military. Just look @ the VA hospitals under his watch!  #getoverit
Our last president was a thief, committed treason, wrote his own laws, did far more evil than he did good. So this is ok, Steve Powers???
Well said Nita!!!
Heros! All of them!
Beautiful to watch our POTUS express true gratitude to our first respondersThank you, sir!
I really appreciate everything you do for us.
Keep up the good work.
Also keep the pressure on the sanctuary cities.
Thanks...
Why doesnt the swamp have same health insurance as the rest of the goverment workers??

Outstanding! Thank you for the appreciation shown to these officers, to LEO's everywhere, dispatch, first responders, & medical staff!
Hope none of them were transgendered because then you would have to throw them out. Bigotry is NOT our country's policy.
That's funny, cause for 8 years Obama promoted bigotry in our country. He made it clear he didn't like cops, military, whites, or America.
How so? Can you give specific examples? With real verified sources?
can you put @SheriffClarke as Homeland Security Secretary when Gen. John Kelly takes over as Chief of Staff.
You talk about courage like you know what it is. Draft dodger.  #Impeach45 #RICO
OW THAT IS A TRUE AMERICAN PRESIDENT HONORING TRUE AMERICAN HERO'S
Thank you for supporting our troops and law enforcement!
Their bravery and determination will not be forgotten President Trump. Thanks, sincerely.
Inspiring and uplifting. These women and men are a great example to all of us. Thanks for this wonderful event!
And tonight, many senators saved the lives of millions of Americans as well. #SkinnyBillDead #TrumpGotTrumped

Congratulations to these brave men and women!And Thank you!
Thank you John McCain, we are grateful you stood up to this POTUS who only loves himself! Thank you to Alaska senator and Collins, you rock
Attorney Gen. Sessions doing outstanding job supporting this agenda. Tremendous work on illegals and these gangs!  Give credit where due!
THANK YOU for doing this!! It was so nice to see them honored and publicly praised. They are true heros!
Mr. President that  was a great speech, we also thank you the police officers for their daily service for protecting us.
And while you were doing that your new canelloni mouthpiece was talking c*%k to the press
Are they heroes because they didn't get captured? Just wondering.
...unless they're trans.
As long as they're not trans right.
LGBT woman saves a man who believes she's not equal & honored by 1 who discriminates against her community. ONLY in America. #sosad
Thank you President Trump for honoring Law Enforcement ! Unlike Obama, who honored rap stars, talk show hosts !
What about all those #LGTB  heroes ???? The same you are making now feel ashamed about having a stupid not my president like you ???
They are real heroes.
Thank you !
This was FANTASTIC! Thank you for recognizing these AMAZING #LEOS with the highest honor. #MAGA #USA
Crystal Griner's gay. Did you look her in the eye when you told her you were stripping LGBTQs of their rights to jobs
Nope but he kissed her in the cheek...like the creepy fucker he is.
*shudder
"Heroes walk in our midst", and Crystal Griner & David Bailey are among our bravest, most noble, & most admirable heroes. God bless them.
Thank you Mr President

Thank You Heavenly Father For All You'veDone ForAll Of Our Great Nation Giving You God All PraiseThanking You For Our President & Family
Amen  well said President Trump!!!!
What a great thing to do for those great Officers! Our POTUS does it right! Continue to pray for our Pres. & V. Pres. To drain the sewage.
RESIGN

Obama sold medals to whoever would back Hillary ! God bless you ! Sending Prayers !
#TransRightAreHumanRights #ImpeachTrumpNow #25amendmentnow #Trumpino #TrumpForPrison #AmericanHeroesWeek #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpRussia
Hero...something you will never be.
God Bless everyone of them!
You should get in a room to pay tribute too all of the brave trans HEREOS serving in our military while your at it.
Today, your Joint Chiefs of Staff overruled your dictatorship via Twitter and said they won't ban Transgender people from the military.
Just another  for our fake president.
You mean people like the lesbian woman? Oh, wait. Non hetero people don't count. Surprised she was even invited.If Pence had his way, NO!
Wait, THIS was theme week? Where was the empowerment for America? Crapping on Boy Scouts and trans soldiers? You're a monumental dummy.
you have lost me, i am wondering if you are the same guy i voted for
Oh, he's the exact same guy.  He was a POS before you voted and he's a POS now.  He hasn't and isn't going to change.
Thanks for sharing your ignorance with us all !!
That bitch tell you to say that or you hear other snowflakes say that......
snowflakes Smh! I think he's just been bought and paid for by rich zionist  bankers and dumped basically everything he was about! snowflakes
SO much #winning Congrats to the entire #psycho #Trump family of #grifters & #douchebags
Ignore all the disrespectful low life's in the following posts, We the taxpayer love you & your family !
And you probably undermined that tribute by waiting for them to pay you compliments! SAD!
I bet ALL OF THEM know that we are a nation of laws. Perhaps you should have had them school you on that fact
Scaramucci has nothing to offer but friction and hate. Do you want this as your legacy?
Hero.  Definition: noun.  A distinction that Donald J. Trump will never receive.
Wish they could have had a real President in office to pay tribute to them and not a human choad wearing grandma's pubes as a wig.
...including the trans-gender servicemen and women?
Why do you lie so much???
Next up should be those heroes in Sweden from last night. #Sweden #NeverRemember
Great.  Always pay tribute to those deserving at every opportunity. Good for your image.

Hey I wonder if any of your HEROS are transgender?!
When will u exhibit courageous action? Waiting! #buffoon #Resign #Impeach #Resist #dumbassery #worst #leave #Ignoramus #racist
It's getting harder and harder to swallow these lies day in and day out. I was expecting that eventually but no
I GUESS @SenJohnMcCain  WASNT THERE BC HE GOT CAUGHT.  SHAME ON U
Look just how arrogant and conceited Trump is. Major narcissist and pathological liar.
It is sad that US president Trump is military coward. Frontier deserter. Now he speaks about HEROES like he is one of them....
You will never be a hero.
#douchebagpresident
S
What we all want to know is, can Steve Bannon really suck his own dick...and if so, when are you going to tell the Boy Scouts about it?
#we appreciate each and every person our heroes who saved life of #people without caring about their own #life's #salute and worship them
Wonder how many were trans?
I'm sure they were disappointed that they had to get the medal from a criminal, cheat and traitor -- a #failedpresident
Something you'll never be honored for. #coward #Traitor #TrumpRussia
How is it possible that for the first time in 70 years, I felt sick when I heard "Hail to the Chief"??!!
You're what we need
Thank you
By your definition, Trump, that means none of them ever got captured?
VC Summers in Jenkinsville, SC just closed leaving 6,000 people out of work. Toshiba and Westinghouse need bailout now to save jobs/town.
So many officers go unrecognized every day.  Keep them in your prayers. We lost two officers in Indiana this week. SAD!
Tweeter slaped me so i was Fagan4Fagan now im Fagan5Fagan
i guess it's time to work with dems since congress can't get 51 votes due to RINOs
Who was that woman standing behind your left side?? She looked disgusted. Fire her
I loved it!!
We are paying attention to the obstructionists & CALUMNISTS for you Sir: keep on #Making America Great Again.
President Trump rocking the World Loving it
Do you think that Obama would have made time for this, I suspect that this may have interrupted his golf game
U R SO FST UPLOADER I SOME TIMES COMMENT YOU BUT MXIMUM JUST RETWEET YOU LOVE YOU
GREAT SPEECH FROM A GREAT PATRIOT
poor hero's they couldn't have a real leader give them their metal they had to set for a treasonous trader.
Maybe you should start playing softball. ......... You know, for exercise.  Pass the peanut butter
Good job
Well said Mr. President 
Resign
You are keeping the American "experiment " alive, because it is successful. Please stay strong in adversity. History will treat u well.
Soo nice
If not for the good guys,the heathens,would take over,Thank You blue
I am so proud of you for honoring all these people! I pray for these who serve and you, as you lead!
"FREE CHEESE CAN ONLY BE FOUND IN A MOUSE TRAP" this is what the Russians were saying after they used you and your family!!
you got nerve calling someone crooked when Crooked Ivanka is running a sweat shop in China all your kids are crooked like u
And you, the 5x draft dodger! Embarrassed? You should be!
#HEROES
Any of those heroes Transgender,  just wondering?
When are we going to see something done for the heroes of Bowling Green?
Oops. You gathered in the East Room to gain positive publicity. It's a PR stunt to make us forget that you are a soiled #American We Won't.
Yeah well don't kiss the women...it's icky and uncalled for. Shake their hand and be done with it.
...You know nothing about courage.
And who kisses a police officer on the cheek during a ceremony honoring her valor????  You weren't meeting a head of state!  Inappropriate!
They did their job.  Its time for you to step up and do yours.
Are you completely incapable of speaking about ANYTHING without reading from a teleprompter???
Sooooo Presidential. No teleprompter. He just speaks from the heart!
Yep - honoring those who serve. As I see it, no one in your family has ever done that. You just mooch off honorable Americans
Remember when I personally led those first responders? Of course not, because fake news refuses to publicize my heroics! #CowardInChief
.@realDonaldTrump 1 of the MANY reasons u have no business being the #POTUS, u liked ur own tweet. #facepalm #FireThisFool
#HEROES
Now your talking
Bless those men and women for courage
Why no love for the people trying to save lives from you?
.@realDonaldTrump Youre obsessed with other people being heroes. Maybe you should try to be one for a change. Put the American people first.
You are beneath the dignity of the office you hold. We can't wait for you to go down in shame.
None were trannies.

#transban
While our PM @JustinTrudeau pays terrorists trying 2kill your soldiers 10.5M. We apologize 4his disgraceful actions that do not represent us
All hail, King Trump!
You know one of them is a gay non-white woman right? Did she have to come in through the back door?
That's our leader gotta love him
Those officers are hiding total distain for you inside. Proud of the recognition they're getting but disgusted it has to come from you.
I really hope you mentioned that it was the "lesbian" that actually took the shooter out.
#traitor
Your healthcare lost sucker
ALEXANDRIA WAS ANOTHER ORCHESTRATED FALSE FLAG. WAKE UP! CONTINUOUS LIES. TREASONOUS ABUSE OF POWER.
Those officers look like they'd like to be anywhere else on the planet but next to you. Courageous sacrifice for duty to listen to your crap
They were doing their jobs they are not hereos they are first responders to be honest it was your policy's this guy that was mad about sad
Trump family name = COWARD
Believe  !
God Bless  ! Mister President  U .S. A . God Bless  !   Mister  Donald  J .   Trump  !
Mr. Trump , you are a awesome president! I respect you and the fact you can handle the business.
Shame they had to get their awards from a milk toast, chicken shit, draft dodging COWARD!
#coward #ImpeachTrumpNow #FakePresidency
