This is like the first time I’ve seen you smile.
Trump i say you do,nt attack muslim .either south koria against take mailtry action to your country.
without American press...
Yesterday, on the same day- I had meetings with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and the FM of Ukraine, Pavlo… htt...
How much classified info did they steal? Oh, wait. You just GAVE it to them!
Evidence overwhelming why @PreetBharara & Comey were fired, why Mueller appointed & why Prevezon case settled https://babichkabounce.com  #MAGA
5/11 same day DOJ presents evidence corroborating Russian Money Laundering you put this out?! #Prevezon #fraud #corruption #maga @WSJ @CNN
Ten n @i ok big
蠢猪
Первая встреча - "подотчётная" , а вторая - "надотчётная"...
Collusion, get a dictionary
Seems to me Mr. President that the truth hurts.   Too bad you can't fire them for telling the truth like you do everyone else.
What are you grinning about in these photos? It's weird.
Move forward. Ignore the press. Speak to the people.
Photo on left - you look like you just farted. Photo on right - you look like you're trying like hell to take a shit.
"Democracy does not go away all at once. It's a slow burn." @Trevornoah
.
Stay tough President Trump keep doing what's right for Americans. God bless you.
What did you tell the russians puppet? Better yet just turn over the tapes of that treason meeting. You really need to be impeached  38%.
IMPEACHMENT IS IN THE NEAR FUTURE!!!!
Why would anyone allow Russians into the Oval Office, dumb!
#PutinCockHolster
So what is your position on this conflict?
#LetsMakePeace and #LetsGoMets = 
Same Outcome
Any comment about the behavior of one of your voters? No? I thought not.
One racist Trump voter does not the whole basket ruin. 
A Trump voter is racist that must mean they all are racist. Durrrrr Durrrrr Durrrrr.
True. But Ive never met a racist liberal. Does that tell you something?
Every liberal that supports #NoVoterID on the grounds that it suppresses the black vote because, "they're too poor to get an ID" is racist
You mean you met with your Russian handlers in the Oval Office? Sure hope those tape recordings of all ur conversations don't get released.
#YouGoPresidentTrump!!!!
Yes, you did. Obviously very suspicious. The Russians questioned about Comey's firing are terrible at hiding body language. Even Putin.
Did you kiss their ass?
U R so arrogant I bet U didn't even check for bugs after the Russkies left. Probably not since you've already given them any info they want.
Your PARTNERS in crime
Bet your gut was full from that "visit" you couldn't eat you steak and ketchup. "Salty" enough for you?
One looks very happy, the other looks like he just got screwed!
Did you ask for copies of these photos of you and your friends
alAl
Very nice, but it begs the question, why a warm reception to these guys, Erdogan, Al Sisi, dictators all, but no handshake for Merkle?
GET OUT OF OUR WHITE HOUSE DONALD, GET OUTT!!!
In the Oval Office when US media was shunned... loser!
President Putin sending Lavrov to check on you. You fired Comey  now when are you lifting those sanctions? Hurry before Impeachment starts!
STUPID!!! They are our ARCH ENEMY!!! How can you be so nice to them? It's like shaking hands with SATAN!!!
WELL INVITE THE REALLY SMART NORTH KOREAN LEADER WHEN YOU GET BACK FROM SAUDI ARABIA THAT YOU BANNED BUT THEY HAVE LOTS OF OIL TO DEAL WITH
I love bringing russian spies to the whitehouse #Trumprussia #russianspies #trumplooser
Yes u did and the Kremlin is dancing in the hallways over your stupidy and admission of being a traitor on National TV
I don't want peace with Putin as the leader of my country. He doesn't want peace, he wants power and he gets it every time you lie about...
those who oppose you. The more divided we become, the better his chances of taking over more countries without fear of US retribution
And out came the Intel...
#traitor
Your Pals? Disgusting. Tax Returns
peace is not 'buddying' up with players in a kleptocracy - that is you. ...so ignorant you don't see your own appeasement. Ignorant - sad.
I believe trump left the Russians into the Oval Office to plant bugs for Putin to keep track of his "willing idiot"......
Super!!!
i mean the improvement's not Super Obvious but it's there and that's good!!!! yay!!!
Donald Trump with his constituents

lets make business not peace. Ukrainia?
I am truly impressed you could handle 2 whole meetings in one day. Oh, that's right, these are your buddies. No Russian connection here.
Dear President Putin's Puppet: can't wait for your impeachment. Coming soon!  #ImpeachTrump #ComeyFiring
What???? You leaked information either intentionally or accidently.  Resign NOW!
#arrestDT
And leaked code - word classified intelligence yup them.... IMPEACH NOW!!!
What no pics with the big guy . You know the spy who has you by the short and curly's .
And gave away classified information! Your idiocy has no bounds!
And invited the Russian media in and left the American media out.  #Treason #Unfit #Impeach
Go play golf and collect some courage at safe rallies or your FOX bubble what 
& revealed sources & methods 2Sergei Lavrov that could result in the deaths of many Americans.  You are Evil!  Benedict Arnold!!
Hail Hitler!!
And here's what Lavrov said to Kislyak.
Weren't you pissed over the photos
Let's make peace by letting Russia run the show. Is that it?
and why in the oval office behind closed doors
Just wanted to say you are regaining my trust and keep up the good work Russia can be a good friend and brother to the American citizens
You mean the same day you provided them with classified information? Sad.
And Kislyak -- who declared war on our democracy. U r a traitor and will die in prison.
.@realDonaldTrump 
A/WE THE PEOPLE should be furious. Brilliant time for secret WH RUS fiesta,1 day post-Comey sit'n
B/If not for TASS, we wouldn't know, which shows how easily can do it w/o public logs or press, raises Q of how often it's happened.
With the American press shut out.  You are insane.
Fantastic!
Robert Harward turned down the NSA position because he did not want to eat a "shit sandwich". Trump is feeding McMaster a fecal smorgasbord.
DUMPTRUMP has to go this is not Ur reality show where U fire everyone! Ur in Bed w/ Russia! U  need to FIRE the 2 DIMWITS; Sessions & DeVos!
You don't care about the American people
Let's
So...we get pix from Russian media not our own..oh forgot you would not allow it! Afraid? Coward! What are you hiding? it is apparent!
who think trump make peace
Remember the old saying" PROUD TO AN AMERICAN"  YOU CAN'T SAY THAT CAUSE UR NOT AN AMERICAN, UR A FUCKING RUSSIAN, FUCKING ASSHOLE!!!!!
They've been burning out of control for so long it's a wonder he has any "buns" left at all!
Trump with his cronies. Giving away American secrets. #impeachtrump #trumprussia
That weren't his to give away
not sure the agenda of this tweet but pls learn the proper usage of punctuation esp. comma
Is this what Treason looks like?
Дональд, нет никакой дружбы с росийскими окупантами, почитай договор между Украиной и РФ после. 91года.
Дональд ты сделал огромную ошибку.
Peace with Russia is always good it just makes good sense. I worry their taking advantage of a smart man who just isn't versed in politics.
Russia is going to help defeat Isis
NO
Your signature is almost identical to Heinrich Himmler's.  That says A LOT about your personality, but do YOU even know who HE is?
So we'll have trade wars with every country at the cost of making "peace" with Russia?
Must have been like "Old Home Week" with your buddies.
I  need you so much
you are a traitor! Not only do you need to be IMPEACHED immediately, you should also be locked up as a TRAITOR to the USA!
2 Stephan Banderas !!
Send Kislyak my regards.
RUSSIA FIRST....right Donnie Boy??
You just can't keep that mouth shut, can you? Telling secrets to the "enemy?" Good job.
#45 why did you not have American reporters in?? Russian reporters were  there!Looks you are showing favoritism again to the Russians!
YOU WANT TO MAKE PEACE WITH RUSSIA AFTER THEY HACKED OUR ELECTIONS AND THE RUSSIAN BOTS ARE ALL OVER TWITTER. WE ARE STILL BEING ATTACKED
Oh quiet down. No one believes that DNC concocted CrowdStrike BS
yes and you banned usa photographers and gave russian media  exclusive access because.....
Also. Armed Russian fighter jet. Flew less than 20ft from our navy plane in the .Black Sea. Been happening daily.trump get mad?.
'      Here's the apostrophe you forgot, dimwit. p.s. You must have needed a long nap after that!
Letting Russian media and spies into your office. They now have you bugged.
They don't have to bug him. He sends daily reports to them.
*Let's
So what.  You have no idea what you're doing.
* Let's
I'm not sure what amazes me more, your arrogance or your ignorance. #trumpRussia #ITMFA
OK, which one of you grabbed the woman's ass?
By "Make Peace" do you mean you demanded Russian withdrawal from Crimea? You support Obama's Sanctions against Russian transgressions?
why did you ban the US media and photographers and allow Russian Photographers? smells fishy!
Defend the poor, fatherless, and widows: make just judgments : reward good work, punish bad work. God respects the tree by the fruit.
#DontThinkTrumpRussia #DontThnkCoverup
AVOCEGAMOU EDMOND JE SUI KANDI
no peace until we get a real president & not a fake one that wins by 83 votes that are not of the people's popular vote & u wonder why hate?
treasonous actions of a sell out
Sure, and you refuse US reporters and photogs. Only Ruskies. How loyal your are.... to them. You Commie.
This is just a tool for you to appear to be a person you are NOT. SMH
You had a....they're going to find out about the money laundering meeting with your Kremlin buddy....your owned by Russian money....we know
You appear honored to be a #guest in their #House. #sad
Where is the American press?
And the Russians played you like a cheap fiddle
This is the result of White resentment and fear of a diverse America.
Shame on you if you voted for this man.
let the russian press in but not the american press
Russians are laughing cuz you was stupid enough to let them in our sacreated white house fool!
FN traitorous loser!
DUNDUNDA
DUNDUN
DA DUNDUNDUNDUN DUNDUN
I know bull pucky when it is pictured.  This is BAD and stupid of you.  You have NO idea how this really works, do you.  Must be scared now.
That is a gift for the Russians.
russian dealings pre 2017 is the question prove  u r not a russian pupet
oh you know that...
IMPEACH!!! Aid and comfort to the enemy, dude!
Yeah we know. The Russians reported it first.
Thank you for Presidential attitude towards everything you must be faced with everyday/hour. You Rock......
Nice of Russia to give you pictures...
We also hope that you and your family can become our spokesperson, driving more people in the suffering of the rescue of all living beings.
