Every taxpayer dollar that goes to this wall instead of Houston relief & rebuilding efforts will be a disgrace. Get in touch with reality.
It's not an either/or you dumbass
Are you willing to pay more taxes? I bet not.
Why would anyone pay more taxes? We already know there's hundreds of billions being pissed away by a bloated dysfunctional and corrupt DC
Mexico refuses to pay. If we raise tariffs, then they'll just raise the price of their products, and retailers will pass the buck on to us.
Not sure you understand this. We can move on from mexico, they cannot do the same without us. Leverage = ours
Missing the point. Our focus should be on Houston right now. We can talk about how expensive and ineffective the wall will be later.
No, I didn't miss your point. Unlike the left who needs to focus on one fake crisis at a time, grown ups can do two critical things at once
3 Years, 4 Months, 24 Days, 3 Hours, 15 Minutes, and 44 Seconds
Plus 4 more years #maga
Wow, Trump literally talks about the wall while Texas is flooding underwater.
I have responded to many natural disaster areas to restore electricity and help pple get back to their lives. Nothing u can do til its over
Ignore the idiot. Donate to the Red Cross to help victims of Hurricane Harvey. Can use credit card or Paylpal.
People's lives are in danger from floods, and you are posting about a wall to keep crime out?  Your election was the crime of the century.
Fact check: There is more crime in the USA than there is in Mexico.
Hells Bells. There's more crime in Trump Tower and the West Wing than Mexico

Mexico won't pay for it. That's why you're trying to force Congress to make US TAXPAYERS pay for this STUPID SH*T
I see you have your priorities in order this morning.
Hablas Ingles?
Mexico will not pay for your wall
Texas is in crisis right now &you're on twitter bad mouthing Mexico
You're a disgrace
And Mexico has been sending help to #Houston so DJT's statements are doubly pathetic
We will never pay for that stupid wall!: http://edition.cnn.com/2017/08/27/pol …
Of course not. It was always just a cheap, racist, applause line. Pathetic.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!  Really?
You're totally 100% flat out lying about Mexico paying for it. Please stop.
You are so FOS we are already losing tons of agriculture contracts because of you not knowing diddley about diplomacy billions lost.
Will you stop tweeting...It showed just how much work you are NOT doing.
We should start a petition to have you pay for this #FartDream of a #TrumpWall
#ShowMeTheMoney sir!!!
You can afford this. Brand it in gold.
We are actually going to start it today. We will see how many #USA Citizens, #Congress and #LatinAmericans want you to pay for your wall. ;)
We don't need a darn wall if you want it so bad pay for it out of your own pocket
Gee, I can't wait to see how the Magats will act when they find out you lied to them about Mexico paying for the wall. And srsly, "other"?
Stop. It. Just. Stop.

RESIGN.
Don't you have a hurricane and relief to look after what the hell are you talking about Mexico and a wall for you are a piece of work bad
That doesn't really tie in with the whole "I'll shut down Congress" for a wall. Not sure how closing our Congress will make Mexico pay 
Mexico is not paying for the wall. Just tell the truth. It won't hurt, I promise. :) I don't think plp care who pays 4 it. Just don't lie!!
The "other" being not at all, right?

If you want a wall, then U.S. citizens will pay for it. 
BTW, the drug cartels exist because the U.S. created the "war on drugs."

NEVER FORGET that Mexico sent troops and aid to help us after Hurricane Katrina. 
Be told. Mexico will not pay for your fucken wall.
"Other" = US taxpayer dollars
Stop tweeting this nonsense about the friggin' wall. PEOPLE ARE DYING IN HOUSTON - sent in the Army ASAP to save Americans' lives.
Mayor has to ask/allow to happen. Did you not learn a thing from the other idiot mayor during Katrina?
#DoSomethingGOP @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @HouseJudiciary @VP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @PressSec @GOPLeader @realDonaldTrump #ImpeachTrump
Yeah, right, that's HILARIOUS. You outright constantly LIE.
This from the biggest "dreamer."
no
ONLY right wing religious nuts & blatant unapologetic racists follow your gospel
HURRICANE HARVEY!
Shouldn't your focus be on the storm?
LIES you said Mexico would pay, now they back out and you make up more lies. NO wall, no Hcare, VA worse, no tax reform
Dear @realDonaldTrump , the environmental impact of your precious wall would generate you billionarie lawsuits. Are you sure you want it?
Other? Nigerian money order? Please cash and send the extra back  #moron #resignalready #25thAmendmentNow
Ya cállate pinche pedazo d mierda cn peluca, t deberían hacer comida para perro, pero bueno, los pobres perros q culpa tienen u fking faggot
You are an absolute disgrace. Mexico is a neighbor, a trade partner, and now has offered to help in relief effort. YOU are a crime!
Then you pony up your personal money to pay 4 wall and they can reimburse you.
Why doesn't he take a very long break from being potus and over sea the wall building. He builds the best stuff. He can pay and be
The project foreman.
And don't you just know he'd import low-wage workers from a foreign country, and then cheat them, too.
Oh of course. I just pray Mueller speeds things up
Be honest... who voted for this man???
Red Necks
Kyc prro
you should build a wall around yourself. I will pay for it.
estás bien pendejo, México no pagará ni madres. Blessed.
Republican Cow Pie Donald Trump is on Corporate Welfare, he does not pay tax, he wants to pay for the wall with our tax money,..
Help to reduce the massive consumption of drugs in the USA, control production and sell of US firearms...work together with your neighbors!
Are you sure?
I think you're confused, you should be saying "THANK YOU" to Mexicans, Mexican-Americans and #Houston immigrants helping there now. Ahole.
Fixed it for you: With TRUMP being one of the lowest intelligence and most narcissistic Presidents we must have THE IMPEACHMENT.
#bigwasteofmoneybiggestwasteoftime
Mr. President, isn't the Mexican government offering help to Texans, despite recent Wall building plans?
Toddler Donald Trump, until you can say exactly how the payback will happen, it just sounds like FAKE NEWS.  #growupalready
Como chingas
SIT DOWN. MEXICO IS TRYING TO EXTEND HELP TO HURRICANE HARVEY VICTIMS.
Then you treat a WHOLE nation like animals? Don't the USA have terrible crimes as well? One day you'll be accountable for your actions.
@pithypacky nailed it with this one
Please resign.
Mexico is pitching in and helping Texas, which is a lot more than I can say for you or your "administration." Shameful!
The biggest criminal around is sitting in the Oval Office. Pedophilia, fraud, treason, etc.
Jack and all 10 year olds out there take offense to that @GoldmanBrent. Literacy level for @realDonaldTrump is more like a 5 year old. Thx u
In fact Mexico us not in the top 5 https://www.clements.com/resources/articles/Countries-with-the-Highest-and-Lowest-Crime-Rates … and the USA is in fact #1
Accept Mexico's offer to help the hurricane victims in Houston. Instead of promoting hate , I voted for you and you are letting me down ,SAD
Lol. Congratulations for catching up! And you know he won't accept their help. He's too proud. Gotta have that pretty wall.

@realDonaldTrump "We the People" would like to know what the Hell is your Justice Dept. and @FBI hiding on Hillary Clinton! 
#LockHerUp !
If you want this wall so badly why don't you pay for it. My tax dollars won't .
Really? That is what you want to say as they try to send supplies to help the people of Houston? SMH
Build that wall.Appoint SC to HRC.Stop tax money from going to @NFL & illegal.Deport every illegal that goes on  or public & demands things
No you're looking for an apple for your cult to bite. Mexico will be Mexico before and after you. Not at the expense of taxpayers buddy nope
Why should Mexico or the United States subsidize (socialism!) a border wall? If the border is on private property, they should pay! 
So how do you feel about that wall now that Mexico is helping the victims of Houston?

Just FYI, we have all read the transcript of your conversation with the #Mexican president.
Mexico offered to help in Texas but you rather do this. As for paying,  if your impeachment crowdfunded lots of nuevo pesos donated.
But what about Tacos???? LEAVE THE TACOS ALONE!!!

(also, the US isn't exactly great!)
@realDonaldTrump there was just another TUNNEL found went from Mexico almost to San Diego. And you want to build a wall? Bbbahahahaha
Dude IF you think Mexico , will pay for that wall your more delusional than I thought . #NotMyPresident
And what do you call Charlottesville?
WTF is "other"?   How about you use some of your "resort" profits, and YOU can be "reimbursement/other".  #sociopath .
But y tho?
O maaiii gaaaa te van a quitar la visa 
AJAJAJAJAJAJAJJAJAJAJAJA Soy Ernesta Trump no pueden
Mexico didn't stutter. Stop lying & tell the truth; that expense is falling on us or you wouldn't be threatening to shut down the gov't.
Is that after you reimburse them for the aid they sent out for Harvey?
I THINK REBUILDING TEXAS IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN THAT STUPID WALL...
Yeap! Go back to Mexico or somewhere else!

Agree!





DEMOCRATS REFUSE 2PASS THE AGENDA WE THE PEOPLE VOTED 411/8/16 SAYING IT’S PRES TRUMPS PERSONAL,NO IT IS WE THE PEOPLE AMERICANS AGENDA4GBA
Let's put some focus on defining immigration as a system not a relationship to a wall. System not wall. One that works.
Lol. Mexico. Crime. Nope. Lol. You'll be assassinated before the wall is built.
They have offered help with the horrible storm. It was YOUR idea to build a wall. You pay for it.
ENOUGH! with the Wall. I'm so tired of hearing this, use that money to help the people of Texas rebuild their lives.
Thank you, Mr. President.  #MAGA #WALL #Repeal #TaxCut
You are full of it. If you can't get them to pay now, why would they reimburse use later?!
"Get 'er done"!!! 
No
Proof?  Business plan Mr. CEO?  How does that happen exactly?  It's my money you're putting on the line for this unnecessary wall.
Other being my taxes.  I can't believe you want to steal from hungry kids and seniors to build a stupid, pointless wall!
So Trump, your wall won't be happening. SO SAD. Like we say in Mexico: Te la pelas putito.
No Mexico won't. Cancel NAFTA and you bankrupt 1000's of small farms in red states. Forget about he wall. Repair the USA
At this point, Mexico is more American than the U.S.A.
no amnesty for the illegal aliens already here. No reward for criminals. Practice what you preach. #noamnesty
Just one opinion, but I feel like we might have better things to do. Also... define "other."
Is this before or after they help aid Texas because from hurricane Harvey?
hey are u thirsty i got u this
given that Mexico is offering to help with the hurricane, and that you can't make them pay for the wall; please shut up...
They would be more willing to pay for your impeachment.
We're all paying, just not for a Wall. Mexico offered aid for Texas, has US offered aid for the Earthquake? So embarrassing

The REAL issue is RUSSIA TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON-JAIL
If you think that anyone should pay for any sort of separation that YOU want, you're sadly mistaken, and childish
I answer for Mexico, I let you take a little time to think that it is not the only country with crime , you want your wall , Pay it !!
when Melania wants a real man, send her my way ,,,
Can you also get them to rebuild THE ICE WALL.  We need to keep out all them white walkers. #getoffyourthronetrump #castleblacklivesmatter
But how though  you can't make them do anything.
They offered to come and help the hurricane victims. They helped during Katrina. Quit being rude to our neighbors. FTW
Electoral College President,
America rejected your Wall!
¿Cuál democracia?
We. The. People. #watch
With the White House having one of the biggest criminals heading it up we MUST have impeachment! or we will all pat for it.
Pay for it too.
KEEP the $580 Million annual FOREIGN AIDE that USA gives MEX 2 help them fite "WAR ON DRUGS" Why r we givin R $ so MEX sells their drugs 2
#DefendDACA
what is /other ??? ur fired
Firefighters from Mexico assisting Houston flood victims. #NoWall #NotRapists #NotBadHombres #theThreatIsWhiteSupremacy #stopHateInUs
Great tweet. And still gonna happen.

https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/901802524981817344 …
Lets get that done!! Again so many misguided Showtimers
Build the wall to prevent rat, raccoon migration.Only way to protect your property for say.
Jálale puto. Aleja tu racismo de mis tierras.
Words mean nothing since you can't keep your promises. I won't pay for your wall

Chinga tu madre güero puto
Ask Chile to help out.
Your crime rate = higher than theirs.
In their interests.
When I have to pay taxes, I wanna pay for relief for the people affected by Harvey, not some stupid wall.
In your dreams racist Did you by any chance took note of all the help Mexicans gave Houston You didn't bother as usual You are very sick
Let's build a wall around you.  Keep you from getting anywhere near any of us.
I voted for the wall, law enforcement, including ending DACA, ending welfare & all government aid to illegal immigrants.
Only a clown would write this. If a wall is built we’ll pay for it through import taxes or other taxes.
and yet, we help your people, you insufferable bigot #nowall
Get over it. That wall is not happening. There are more intelligent ways to work with the issues.
Not what I voted for, dummy.
Lol Russia is worse then Mexico, you just need to skim some $to pay back Russia.
Charge a 99.9% surcharge on all the money being sent/wired  back to Mexico and South of the border and the walls a done deal.
Truth really hurt those that worship flesh and refuse to fight for righteousness in their own Country! Illegal Aliens, go back and fight!
"/other"

Trump will never be a leader. Just a spoiled rich kid born with a silver spoon up his ass. Everything given to him by his kkk member father.
just.  Stop.  Lying.
Eres un PUTO PENDEJO. Metete tu PUTO MURO EN EL CULO HIJO DE LA VERGA.
.@realDonaldTrump  #MexicosFox #AccusesUOfWorstActionEverDoneI=RescindDACA #WorstActsRBy50MilMexicansResidingIllegallyInUS2LiveOnUSCitizens
How about you and your supporters build the wall. While Mexico offering help during these devastating times..#growup

You are the worst person ever
You are delusional Donnie... Straight up Looney toons. Right cartoon color and behavior to boot!!!
Whatever
Stop lying!
George W. Bush was enough of a man to accept help from Mexico after Katrina. You're a coward and a fraud! #traitor
You are so prejudice it is so obvious. Your the reason I won't go to the US anymore. God help us all, you are the devil
just when you think , trump has gotten to the very bottom of the swamp where feces lay , he digs on beneath the floor ,
Mexico needs to take care of its problems, and stop dumping it to the US!! Tell him to get his act together! Stop making himself rich!
i love mexico
hello your wife need also be deported back to her country she work in USA but legally so your be hypercrites

Dear @realDonaldTrump: Here's a friendly reminder from @VicenteFoxQue that Mexico will not pay for your wall. 
There is bad Americans too
No reimbursement, #NOWALL.
We build bridges
No, we won't separate
We know love can conquer hate
So we build bridges
Bridges, not walls
¿Si Trump acepta la ayuda que México ofrece por el huracan Harvey, qué pensarán sus votantes?
󾓦AMERICANS WILL NOT PAY FOR THE WALL AMERICAN'S PAY FOR EVERYTHING TIME TO PUT A STOP TOO IT! WAKE UP AND PROTECT YOUR COUNTRY AN CHILDREN!󾓦
Real..?...@ http://kiliedutravel.com 
How about ensuring money is allocated to build better dams & levees? THOSE are the walls we need. Not your obtusely simplistic border wall.
OMG!! You pay for the damn wall if you want it that bad!!!
