More money and resources needed for Puerto Rico. 10,000 times what you awarded Las Vegas. Oh, also need common sense gun control #FuckTheNRA
Hahaha you think we should give PR 10billion on top of the 120 they owe? Also he has already said he’s willing to look at gun control
He said he would release his tax returns. I will believe it when I see it. He accepted 30 million from the NRA.. Federal aid isn't a loan.
PR is a failing island with a bad economy. Why spend some much money fixing something when the easier solutions would to have those people
So you want to have them abandon their homes, lives, jobs, culture & history to become refugees? This isn't a failed Trump casino.
Also I like how you take something that has zero relevance to this like a casino that still made more money then you will in a life time to
Take a jab at the president
You gon tell them they threw our budget outta whack?
"Awarding?"   Interesting choice of words
MEH. Everyone wants to crucify him for everything. Funny how no one worried about every word for 8 years
Like the word "golf"
. Yup no one ever did that b4 either. 

How about, “donate salary?”

Funny how that never comes up.
Kennedy donated his whole salary.  You guys are taking this too far.  Move on.
Yup, I tweeted you.
Awarding... huh... Why is this thing allowed to breathe oxygen meant for animals and decent humans.
You are awesome. Greatest President ever
He must be the only president you've ever heard of. Do they teach history in the North Dakota backwoods or no?
Hire me : https://goo.gl/WuzNW6 
my portfolio:http://rtahmin.com 
Freedom of speech lol
America is unbelievable grateful to have a President who is Pro-Law Enforcement!
No.. We are not grateful


What's the truth though
That's fucking peanuts
Where is it coming from? Your wallet?
You mean "WE" as in "taxpayers" as a "taxpayer" I am cool with it! As yourself as a "non taxpayer" I am sure you are cool with it too...

Joe biden has always been a good bloke, he is and was Obamas right hand man for good reason. Three cheers for him
This is not a game show, you moron
Might get a laugh out of this
just a million? LOL that’s dirt off your fingernails b.
And that is relevant how......
They are covering up the facts about the shooting.
Maybe they could get some help to get the story straight now.
Happy?!
LOVE YOU
Award?
Uh, DeeJay, about Puerto Rico??
awarding? You mean donating right? They didn't win a prize you cuck.
Wow .. A man that can stay strong in the face of adversity.  Someone we've needed for so long
How about working towards Universal Health Care so the survivors can actually afford to not die
Official Morons Are Governing America shirt here! https://www.amazon.com/dp/B075JTPX6N 
 @realDonaldTrump
Y'all taking about that but what about Korea
You and Natasha personally??
Estrogen hour, that’s not sexist...
#Truth Vegas
Wow.  I think I'd probably be disliked or even fired for bragging about simply doing the job I was hired to do.  SAD.  BIGLY
#FakesPresident´s WH = House of lies
 UNTRUMP THE WORLD-FREE TWITTER
 http://trumpmusicvideo.com 
 https://www.facebook.com/freetwitter 
Thank you, .@POTUS
Is that coming from the charter flight for cabinet members budget, or the SS golf cart rental budget?

#RESIGN
#ThiefInChief
"Awarding"?

Potard says what?
Oh your so great.... Mr POTUS
"Awarding" isn't the best choice of words, @POTUS . They didn't win a tragedy competition. #ignorantdorito #terribleorator
Awarding like they won a game show?  What about Puerto Rico?  Damn Donnie you are a @moron and #eminemspeaksforme
Donate your personal money Donnie the dickhead
Life isn't a contest. Do you think about what you tweet or is it just verbal diarrhea? The most insensitive stupid thing to say. Disgusting
You mean the tax payers
Awarding??? WTF... You clown! You need to choose your words wisely. I forgot the brain of a 3rd grader.
MANY PEOPLE ARE SAYING WORST PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME! WHO AGREES?!
Seeing how there is over 300 million Americans living in America to date, 63 million seems like chump change.
Actually 65 million did.
In Puerto Rico, 85% still have no power and 60% have no drinking water.
You always make yourself out to be some kind of hero. Shall we talk about some real heroes?
Nelson Mandela
Martin Luther King Jr
Mother Teresa
Marie Curie
Rosa Parks
Louis Pasteur
Florence Nightingale
I think you did that because you of your hotel and casino in Vegas. You've done nothing for Puerto Rico people are dying still months later
I don't see any mention of a possible Deep State False Flag operation in these replies. ???
K
It’s too bad, most of the negative comments are probably from people who don’t work and have lots of time for this. I say, good job and thank you.
was the shooting just a deterrant to kill the saudi prince?
The American people love are President
That man was set up, there were more terrorist like 5
The FBI is dirty, nwo puppets.
By WE, do you mean your family or the country?
There is no way Trump would ever donate his own money toward helping others.  He is all about using others money in order to help himself.
If you really want to help, how about getting together with Congress and working out some better Gun Control laws?  Oh yeah, I forgot, the NRA is paying you off.
Will you ever do something from the good of your heart and then not proceed to brag about it?  Every move you make is simply to boost your reputation and try and increase your dwindling base.
In other news, Impeachment is getting closer!
If we had stricter gun laws there would be no need for this "self-righteous" tweet & donations...

#GunControlNow
The UK, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, Switzerland, Germany, Norway, Spain, Italy, most other countries, they all prove you wrong
Mr President-might be better to look into Paddock working as CI or asset for FBI. Gun deal gone bad. Trace his planes. Photo equip serial #s
The whole gun deal gone bad is such nonsense.  When gun deals go bad they don't end up shooting into crowds of people from hotel rooms...
AMEN!!  @fathernice11 LEAVE OUR SECOND AMENDMENT ALONE SO WE CAN PROTECT OURSELVES! @reLDonaldTrump, @POTUS
That's great!
Oh how thoughtful. What about the millions of dollars that is needed to bury people healthcare let alone California the people you forget
Sort the gun laws out Trump. No member of the public needs an assault rifle. The clue is the name, they are used to "assault" people
Awarding??!!  Is there a prize for mass murder?  Tone deaf!
Remember Puerto Rico
Great!  Now what about gun control?
The word Awarding seems so wrong .
How about sending a million to CA. where public safety off are working OT around the clock battling fire. All should be equal @POTUS . SAD
Oh wow the same amount of money as your SMALL loan
Why not send that to PR Los vegas is a money maker they don't need this help
"Awarding" Where does this pecker think he this is? American X Factor??? It was their money anyway Donut.
Hell yeah trump
There is a call Tom Runhua,he is a Jingmao FBIFederal spy，he is very Flair
Too bad they have no say. Waste of money. #FBIcoverup  #CIA coverup
And all we've gotten form police and FBI is a pack of lies.  America wants the truth!
if u consider $1M a small loan AND a generous donation then ... whats the truth
Will dun sir
Very good!
(9) Muslims and other Americans are facing illegal religious and country of birth persecution by our @POTUS, against our U.S. Constitution!
U r a REAL hero today for threatening PR. People are  dying from drinking umpire water. What about the deaths of 4 special forces in Niger?
"award" ??? you pinhead.

Why do you give money to the same people that are trying to coverup the real story
well, what about Puerto Rico..
(6) @ICEgov @DHSgov @HouseGOP @SenateGOP telling truth to Americans! 80% of illegal Mexican immigrants have lived here over 10 years.
Legal means within the countries LAWS!! Illegal means against the law, just like robbery. FYI,since u don't know,obviously.
As Puerto Rico dies slowly
But it’s Puerto Rico that threw the budget outta whack, right?
It’s funny reading these replies. Some folks are just plain ignorant.  For the record, it’s “President” with a capital ‘P.’
Thank you President Trump #VegasStrong. #vegasborn

Thank you Mr. President!
Awarding? What is it? A prize?
Are you paying for the timeline to meet your agenda?!
What about Puerto Rico? Help them,  they are drying too.
If you would give money to help get these guys trained better overall, you may not see kneeling during the anthem!
That's not going to help a single victim, past, present or future. P.S., $1M is less than you've spent golfing, so big fucking deal.
See her w fast you submitted payment for Las Vegas that’s how fast you should have done it for the US citizens of Puerto Rico 
When did it become every taxpayers obligation to pay for every tragedy that happens.
Remove the FBI from the LV investigation. They are corrupt. Can’t be trusted!
Do more for Puerto Rico!
Leave my football alone...soooo much more to worry about
What about the families? Give them $1M
Rascist Trump. Should we spend so much money on terror victim when @ArvindKejriwal car got stolen.
he's donating 1 fucking mil and you guys still find something to complain about? really?
(12) If @GOP works for us, why have they fought for 8 years with big business to keep the federal minimum wage at $7.25/hr - $15,080/yr?
“Awarding?” Like they won a contest? I’m sure that’s a contest no one woulda want to win.
Mr Tang , u  r a very very President!
Outstanding Mr President! Unlike the Obama's you actually respect law enforcement.
Don't forget abolishing the death tax. It never has belonged to the Government! Huge achievement when you get this one done! Go Trump!
How about a little something for Santa Rosa  @realDonaldTrump
Thanks for leading by example!  #makingamericagreatagain
Great News Don
Wanker
Lock Trump up. ..........
What are you suggesting? Is that a threat on his life @SecretService
To be clear I say LOCK HIM UP
Ok good now PR
@realDonaldTrump Compulsive Liar-in-Chief, "awarding" really? U R an embarrassment to the Presidency, party, country & world. 
#resist #USA
Awarding?
Cool, now quit bitching about Puerto Rico
Thank you President Trump.  Our first responders need to know that you and all Americans appreciate their dedicated work.
Very good donald, now that's something you tweet ab.
Oh Goody!!! Las Vegas must be so HAPPY for the $ award!!!

Your the best #DotardDonnie President ever! So empathetic.... oops I meant empty.
Awarding? It's people like you that are responsible for taking from them more than you could ever return. Go home Trump. Back to Neverland!
"AWARDING"???
@POTUS @REALdonaldtrump
so much for having "The BEST words"
Dope!!!
#LasVegas
So what are you doing for Puerto Rico?
Awarding?
Q&a as c
Wow! Sent you sweet!
Not an award Id want... And I never had an issue with you
Please make sure funds are properly used and not hoarded by upper management
So happy you’re my President!! 
Awesome!
Great
How much have Obama and Clinton donated to the victims of Las Vegas?  They are just using tragedy for their agenda on gun control!
Uhhhh, I think Vegas would be ok if you instead helped out Puerto Rico, who is still in dire need.
Awarding?  When you mentioned violence in Chicago you threatened to send in the troops…
Many people know LV was a staged hoax. You have disappointed me condoning these lies.
#25thAmendment #25thAmendment
An award for people being killed and injured?
How about sending in a real investigation team?
1 million $ for a 40 million population state? Omg what are they going to do with all that money?! Ran firetrucks for an extra 3 hours?
SOMEONE IS BEHIND THAT MESS MR @POTUS
Where did you get the 1M, Sir?
Ok but what about Puerto Rico
Please tell us how that’s an “award”?? They’re more than earning it!!! 
"Awarding"??? You're trying to make it sound like a prize? What the hell is wrong with your head?
How much for Niger so those 4 dead soldiers get the recog... Oh wait, you haven't mentioned them yet. Sorry, jumped the gun. Soon, I'm sure.
Mr. President,

Strongly disagree, with tis action.
That unincorporated Banana Republic already gotten millions.
why start a trend?
Thanks!
"awarding"? Congrats, Vegas!!
Trump conned the feebleminded & gullible but most Americans know Trump is Fake News. #MAGAIT Make America Great Again Impeach Trump #MAGAIT
Are country falling apart like it or not he's are president get a life. How about you go outside and be the changed not complain

We love our law enforcement officers and very grateful that the President does too.  Thank you both.
So overtime to las vegas is ok but not to puerto rico?
But are you also going to throw paper towels at them or...?
God bless law enforcement. We the people appreciate them. Can you imagine life without them? Pray, hope, believe#MAGA
How are you awarding tax payers? I’m so sure they’d rather this didn’t happen and for you to award them means what?They still don’t like you
Why don't you make a donation with your money? Oh, that's right, you don't really have any.

Still no comment from Trump on:
- 4 Americans killed in Niger
- devastating fires in California
- 50% of Puerto Rico without water
Apparently you don't remember that you are opposed to overtime rules. #RESIGN #WorstPresidentEver 
http://www.factcheck.org/2017/02/dnc-chair-on-trump-and-overtime-pay/ …
Thank you president Trump for everything you have done and continue to do. You are a blessing and ny family thanks you and yours!
Puerto Rico
It’s money to the LAW ENFORCEMENT not the victims
You always put the safety of American Citizens first!
Awarding? You have no idea how to act in public do you? It’s called aid or assistance. They didn’t win the crown in some beauty pageant.
Hey you know that's Las Vegas boss you might never see that again
You are loaning them not giving. More fake news from you.
While millions of Puerto Ricans starve. Kudos.
This is worth writing about. Nobody cares about your fake news rants,  it's old news.
1M? thats all?
