In fact the opposite is true. Just because your children follow your example of having no integrity does not mean that other people do.
Nepotism is bad for any company. If #Trump has such CEO experience he would know that. Obviously, his understanding of gov is so obsecure
If @GOPNewsRoom would tell Trump he is not the Czar of the US. They would get more respect from US Citizens. Today they will fail.
Picture this. Trump Jr, Kushner, Manafort & 4 Russians...an attorney, mobster, spy & translator meet secretly about adoption. Sure. Lol!
That's what they said! They have all lied so we can be assured this is a lie. Adoption is code for bank sanctions. Greedy
Trump Jr. Took a Meeting, Bill Clinton Took $500K
This is America. We don't invite hostile foreign gov't to hack our computer systems and collude with them. You're disgraceful.
If you're referring to the far superior human and leader President Obama, fun fact: he did what he could.

We've been given a number of examples from actual politicians that refute your position.  Please kindly resign.  You're a horrible president
Actually, I don't think any other politicians collude with foreign gov'ts to get info on their opponents...probably because it's a felony
No thats conspiring with the enemy, he's guilty of treason. And with any luck we can prove the same of you, your sand castle is falling.
THAT'S TREASON. Lock Jr up. Lock him up! Lock him up! Lock him up! Lock him up #Resistance #TrumpTreason #alternativefacts
No they wouldn't, but traitors would. Trump & family are lying treasonous grifters!

But we voted for you because per you "I am not a politician" so now  you are saying that you are a politician?
#FuckingTraitors
Bull. Most politicians know treason when they see it. Deplorable.
No, comrade.  That is a crime.  I realize you might confuse the two, but most do not.
You shouldn't be making such corrupt statements! You're entire family is going down.
And your little VP too!
Hahahahaha oh you poor deluded fool.
I just blocked that trump troll. Had 3 followers & the worst grammar -ever!
No it's not let me spell it out for you your son has committed treason get it Tree- Son
"I would have gotten away with it too if it wasn't for you pesky investigators!" - Donald J. Trump
The moment you start saying "that's politics" is the moment you become a politician. Welcome to the swamp.
No, it's not. It's collusion, treason and all sorts
not with a foreign power that's anti-American.  That's collusion, conspiracy and treason, aligning yourself with the enemy
If Chelsea had a meeting to get info on you it would have been applauded. Sir, the Giant has awoke. We know what's going on in the Media/CNN
Ummm..No. Cheating is bad enough. Colluding with Russia to undermine our country is TREASON & NEVER applauded. Ever.
Hillary sold our Uranium to Russia for a fat check of $145 million.That's Espionage.Hey Mueller how about Espionage? Oh yah she's a Demorat.
@FBI @DOJgov @SenFeinstein @cnn @ABC @CBS @NBCNews @FoxNews @AP_Politics #opensource hack 2016 Election
https://www.facebook.com/exposingtrumpsdirtysecret/ … #TrumpRussia
#Election2016 #TrumpRussia #2016ElectionHacked #OpenSource 
Script from PA Elections Site
#2016Election #TrumpRussia #2016ElectionHacked #OpenSource #SiteScript #Michigan #Pennsylvania #Wisconsin
#2016Election #TrumpRussia #2016ElectionHacked #OpenSource #SiteScript #Michigan #Pennsylvania #Wisconsin
No, politics is paying for opposition research. What Don Jr (and YOU) did is collude w a foreign entity to win an election. That is illegal
No, that's treasonous politics. It's not normal behaviour! #fb
And then he lied about it that's called collusion and he's a liar oh did I mention he's a liar
No, that's treason... #impeachtrump
So your defense is, "Flood the swamp"?
It's not "politics".It's called Conspiracy,Collusion,& being a #Traitor!Get out of the people's house #Liar!
Oh, Don! You are going to get bigly dizzy from all your spinning.  You might do better to prepare yourself w/ some anti diarrhea meds 4 when you perhaps find out Mueller has more info than you know about Jr.’s & Jared’s  treason weasel meetingJust sayin’......
BTW, Don, you just contradicted yourself. Didn’t you & Jr. say the meeting  was about adoptions?  Now you say it was to get info abt HRC? Hummmm, wonder if Mueller can use this.  Sort of proves lying, don’t you think? Whoopsie
I thought you were not a politician.
What about REAL treason?
Uranium One
Bleach-bot
NSA Spying
Unmasking
Secret Server
Lynch-Tarmac
Ukraine
Trump Dossier
"Cut it out"
Iran Deal
"Because my MSM told me it's true & I am whatever my MSM tells me to be."
And he gave the Bush campaign his own debate materials to make it even.
No, most people would have done the right thing and gone to the FBI. Your son did the WRONG thing, not that he's ever had much teaching.
It's treason
That's collusion and treason
No, most politicians would NOT collude with a foriegn adversary
Not with a foreign power! That's collusion! and IMO treason!
That's actually treason Don
If true, SO SAD. But the one person's team we know did meet with the Russians was headed by @realDonaldTrump
Make Russia great again. #PutinsPuppet
Democrats = Hypocrites
Is your son the one who has been charged?
Lol
No that's Treason.
That's TREASON. Why are you ALWAYS LYING?
You really don't know how any of this works, do you?  SMH
One word for this: Traitor.
Mr. Trump, it is your duty Sir  to drain the entire swamp. Democrats and Republicans alike. We the people know the whole thing is corrupt !!
Just ask Bill Belichick if he would take the meeting and if YES the argument and the Patriots have won again! I know they hate winning
Dude, come on. You always told me Don Jr isn't the sharpest tool in the shed. You're covering for the kids as usual, you old softie.
And this makes you the most biggly predator in the SWAMP!!!!
You're fake news. #DonaldTrumpIsFakeNews
If there's no collusion, why all the secret meetings?
You forgot the word 'corrupt' before 'politicians'.
Perfectly LEGAL whats ILLEGAL is #Obama & #CrookedHillaryRotten #ForeignCampaignDonations
I thought you were going to "drain the swamp" because most politicians are crooked.  Will your new chant be "lock us up!"?
#MAGA #ImpeachTrumpPence #IMPEACHMENTNOW #LockThemAllUp #TraitorTrumps #TreasonousTrumps
"Most Politicians do it" is a funny defense from someone who ran a platform of not being like "most politicians."
Most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. That's politics!
Fire Mueller and get rid of Obama hold overs enough!
Actually you might want to get a dictionary...that is called #TREASON. You can stop lying now.The @FBI already knows your game. You're done.
The Dubious Friends of Donald Trump
No they would not. When Al Gore got suspicious info on Bush he turned it in to the FBI. That is what a politician with character does.
But since you have no character or morals we can't expect your son to have any either Email clearly stated info from Russian govt. #YouOwnIt
But you're not a politician....
totally agree
Always a double standard when it comes to republicans especially Mr. Trump.
What do u expect of us? Yes, 45 u r right - lil' Don Jr is "politically correct" in his treason w/a foreign govt. Wrong answer!! Not USa!!
You do understand that this is a confession, right?  This is Jack Nicholson in A Few Good Men, screaming that you're damn right he ordered the Code Red.
OST politicians are not traitors to the country. Colluding w/ Russia is a crime. Hope Don Jr will end up doing jail time
No, baby boy. That’s #TrumpTreason.
Lol!
Most politicians would have gone directly to the FBI to inform about a foreign power obtaining sensitive intelligence on an American
Wrong.
That's treason
Simply put ? NO!
"But he likes this better than real estate, I think."
oh wait ......that's the other traitor
No they wouldn't have went to that meeting. Because it's called treason, collusion and sleeping with the enemy. #TreasonCrimes

Nope. That's criminal activity. The President and elected officials should be held and should hold themselves to a higher moral code.  Pig.
No politicians would attend a meeting with Russia, and u know it !! Treasonous behaviour !!
You're corrupt. Your ignorance is  shocking , worse pres. Ever.
There is always politics in business yet no room for business practices in politics. You're playing football on a chess board.
No ethical or morally upstanding politicians would not have taken that meeting.  But you or Jr. wouldn't know about ethics and morality.
then why did you all LAWYER UP!? Waste of taxpayer money!
POS
No, that's conspiracy w/a hostile entity. Please visit your local library and read a book.
Nope just no its called collusion and it's a felony Jr needs to go to prison
And then he lied about it that's called collusion
Not most. Those who favor treason or espionage maybe.
NOT ALL POLITICIANS!  http://www.knowable.com/a/someone-gave-al-gore-dirt-on-george-bush-heres-what-his-campaign-did …
Traitor
He should be brought to justice w others who have done same thing. The further we stray from Ethics n values, further we are from Democracy
Most politicians might wonder why Russia wanted and helped you get elected as well... #puppet #shewasright
That's treason.
A) you said you were above politics.  B) No they wouldn't because it's treason.  C) the bar isn't "Most Politicians.  D) Treason E) Treason
No other politician would even consider a meeting like this. Jr is just stupid enough to think he can get away with it - just like Daddy.Sad
First photo released of #Donjr meeting with Russians
Genuine politicians dont have time to tweet every 10mins, dont HAVE to explain in micro detail + dont demean everything by exclamation marks
Don Jr.
You can bet John McCain has, would, did!!!
95 thousand people like this post?  Bullshit!  Mostly bots i imagine!
What we are finding out is that things we thought were indecent or dishonorable are not necessarily illegal and you condone them.
Cant beleive instead of focusing on the ACTUAL illegal activities the russians exposed on the clintons has been turned 2 a trump witch hunt
Trump jr did nothing illegal What the Russians exposed about the clintons was actual ILLEGAL activities & no1s talkin about it #unbeleivable
And all if the Dems HAVE done it and there's pictures to prove it
Also, I thought that this was a meeting about adoption? Are you getting your lies so mixed up you've decided to use gaslighting, instead? #MemiorsOfAnUflyFatNarcissist

Behind u all the way Mr. President
Not with a foreign government. Jr should have been given a lawyer before you sent him to deal our free elections away to Russian. Agreeing to remove sanctions and not check past and future election interference for political favors should be considered treason.
Only ones that do not understand or do not give a fig about the Constitution.  THERE ARE LAWS!
Lock him up! Lock him up! Lock him up!
Then change the entire Trump family under Rico as a criminal organization

Guilty
Tell that to the jury- oops- you already did! Your tweets are evidence! Yippee!
You're the next contestant on POLITICS or TREASON! 

#FlynnGhazi #FelixSater #MoneyLaundering #AlfaBank #BayRock #TrumpRussia #Mueller
Not with our enemies. That’s TREASON @AmerikkKAIsDead
No....that's treason.
#DontheCon
Oh, NOW this makes sense. Get, like, 45 seconds ahead of it, amirite? You're all going to jail.
I thought it was about adoption??

Good retweet. Does not make it not treason
So that a hostile foreign power could come seeking a quid pro quo? Sounds more like treason
No. They wouldn’t go. They’d call the FBI.
But you’re family and you are treasonous.
No, most politicians would not have accepted an opposition research meeting with a foreign adversary. If it was so normal, why so many lies?
That’s treason.
You mean like that opposition research some republican ordered where there’s video of you and pee? #Dossier
No they wouldn’t if it was involving a foreign govt #traitor
Um NO. Meeting with #RUSSIANS for OPPO is #TREASON. 

You really are a FUCKING #DOTARD!

BTW, where are those #RUSSIANSANCTIONS?

#TRAITORTRUMP
#RUSSIACOORDINATION
#COLLUSION 
#CORRUPTION 
#PUTINPUPPET 

#MUELLERTIME 
#LIFEINGITMO
Receiving help from a foreign adversary to win national elections is not politics. Have fun with Mueller.
Not when it's from a hostile foreign power.  That's TREASON!
So you admit to colluding with Putin?!
How can u stand to look at him? He gets worse & worse looking and being each day. Take Baron and leave. He's a sick man. We'll understand!

Come on Don you know you're sleeping with the Russians You should be scared shitless You got the Russian mafia sleeping under the same roof
No that was politics that was treason!
Are you beginning to prepare us for when it's revealed you were in the meeting?
I thought the statement you wrote for Jr. -against advisors' advice to be honest from the outset - told us the meeting was about adoption?
Nope. Treason is not "politics." Treason is treason.
You don't know anything about politics, Don!
I know this is old, but what in the actual fuck do you know about what politicians would do? Also, you're supposed to be the ANTI politician
No, that's collusion and possible treason.
Leave Jeff Sessions alone!! He is a huge part of Making America Great Again!! We support Jeff Sessions!!
No MOST people are NOT crooks and so self absorbed that they have collude with an enemy of America in order to STEAL an election!
Sessions has to go!   Recusing himself without talking to and getting direction from the President was poor judgement.
I was'nt aware Russia was a candidate in our last election.
Really? Can you name five?
The judge know the law. This whole Russian baloney is just that! BALONEY!
White ppl are tired of you,you know you are a bad mean rude president #you need to  and let go and let god take the wheel Orange Trump
You never seen Obama sweat,cuss,have attitude like ppl think black ppl have and no matter what said you couldn't tell if he was bother
You see being a president you really gotta do some work and not just talk shit# its a real job #Obama did that job even when he was tired
One thing ppl know is Barack Obama is a understanding person and you will not ever get the respect that he got and get all colors  him
Just keep telling on yourself #bottom line is you cheated and took Hilary Clinton spot #you not better than Obama #facts
That's not GOOD politics!
I think you spelled TREASON incorrectly. But then again, no one ever claimed that you could spell.
That might be a corrupt business practice, but surprisingly government is more ethical.
Um, no they wouldn't. That's collusion. Seriously now. You and yours are dirty. Can't wait for Mueller to get tax returns you refuse to show
Not from a foreign government. Treason????
Admission and acknowledgement of a big collusion.
I'm sure Hitlery traveled desperately trying 2 find something on @POTUS, that's Y she was never on the campaign trail, busy faking a dossier
NO they dont your son violated the logan act, border line treason he suppose to have nothing to do with wh thats lie
Your sick! IMPEACH 45 and his family 
They are not worthy.
Gore was handed info on Bush and turned it over to the FBI because he has #Integrity   Something you and your family know nothing about
Wrong
Err No, from a Foreign Enemy State that is TREASON !!!
no its criminal - now u have to spend a majority of ur time looking into how to pardon him, real politicians know that but hey ur a realtor
Does the fact that it's illegal not even cross your mind???
Only admit it after you've been found out.

Most politicians don't have the courage to touch a star either.  Keep shifting the paradigum sir! #TrumpTheSun
Yeah, except no. Fucking criminal.
No, most politicians would have been smart enough to send a surrogate to the meeting and hold the meeting in a different building.
That is collusion with a foreign government in an effort to change an election.
That's the collusion people suspected from your team. Can't wait til Mueller gets your tax returns! Not offering them makes you look guilty!
Will they make the family prison attire in China?
You should just resign now.
THATS TREASONOUS
Did you go?
No. What you did is call treason.
How much money did take from the Russians, you traitor!
@realeftypickit
 
In September of 2000 someone gave Al Gore 'dirt' on George Bush. Guess what his campaign did? Sent it to the FBI!! Sooooo
Actually. No. That's NOT politics. You are wrong. You are delusional. And you consistently prove you have no idea what you're talking about.
