McCain is a traitor and so is Paul Ryan. Watch your back
pathetic.
you tell that shitbag mccain, i love it.    mr president
@LdeRothschild Mr. MaCain is very good known in Russian missions in Syria and in Ukraine
But then you have emboldened the enemy with your rash executive order to ban muslims, fuel for their propaganda!
Jesus Christ, Mr. "President," do you ever stop talking????
Have you considered your own words when responding to the JUDICIAL SYSTEM who ruled against you, prior to your new TWITFIT?
you're childish ranting emboldens the enemy. Oh I almost forgot, YOU ARE the enemy !
Why is it OK for you to speak so disrespectfully about a sitting senator and yet Elizabeth Warren is silenced?
Mr. President I am a female aviator. Senator McCain was an aviator. I respect all aviators.
president Trump that is
McCain was a hero and Trump was a coward when it mattered. No number of insults will change that.
McCain STILL doesn't know what side he's on.  Still singing like a bird.
Senator McCain needs to shut up all the time
Not everyone is going to be on board with your policies. The more you talk, the more you fuel the fire.
13 bankruptcies means you shouldn't be talking about success and failure
ugh hope they impeach you soon. completely unfit.
Mr trump .will make America Geat again. Hail Trump!
way to kill American soldiers. Lock him up.
@CarlHigbie this cluster of words and thoughts is indecipherable as anything other than nonsense..
completely agree.  He should keep his mouth shut!
@SenJohnMcCain is a war hero but that doesn't give him the right to sell out Arizona!!! He is supposed to be rep us!
thank you for all the successful missions you competed while in the services...Oh that's right. You "deferred".
go fuck yourself you fucking dumpster fire!
Is Trump Really A Mad Or Just Acting?

Please Do Rt :(
I can't vote. There's no option D "He's a narcissistic sociopath."
I think that comes under the category of "more than mad"
Agree!
but it's OK for you to talk about national security issues in front of waiters at mar-a-lago?
u truly have NO conscience, @SenJohnMcCain is a war HERO,unlike u who came up with EVERY excuse to avoid serving ur country
Your insane rhetoric puts American lives at risk!
YOU embolden enemies & evil! @SenJohnMcCain why abet & roll over for this soft cheesy draft-dodging daddy's boy fake POTUS?
Donald you shouldn't be so disrespectful towards a man who has spent so much of his life in service to this country.
@SenJohnMcCain is talking to "the people" just like you with your incessant tweeting. Don't you have someone to vent to?
don't tell a war vet how to talk about our military.  Have some respect!
The media is not your enemy. They are there to keep you honest.
Hey @realDonaldTrump, ONLY one emboldening the enemy is YOU, with your failed missions, racist radical agenda & widespread bigotry!
you tweeted while you sent a Navy Seal to his death. Have enough respect to be in the room watching.
love u man
Nice touch, President Bone-Spurs. SHAME! Do you have to lie about EVERYTHING?
this coming from a fame junkie. Wow, Grow up and act like a president, not a toddler. You orange twit.
seems like you've been losing quite a bit yourself lately. McCain is a hero, you are a draft dodger.
Trumps are my favorite cartoon chars: pissy,illegally,twiggy,dopey,mopey....
stop tweeting
Maybe you should worry more about the innocents you are killing because of your lack of planning and lack of listening.
Mr. President Trump all the terrorists came out from the Muslim Brotherhood, terrorist
sorry Mr trump you have deal with all these ham and eggers us true Americans stand by you drain that swamp
You aren't fit to lick John McCain's shoes, draft dodger!
McCain is worth a dozen of you.
You are so petty sir. You lower your position by these school girl tweets.
McCain needs to spend less time criticizing Trump and more time fixing the VA mess in his own state.
Yes, I think it's time for Sen. McCain to retire. He is part of the OLD establishment who are stuck in the past.
He's a real soldier and a POW that you insulted. What would a draft dodger like you know about it...nothing.
I am ashamed to be a citizen of the USA, because of YOU!
. @realDonaldTrump what the f*ck is wrong with you?
The headlines should read: "democrats use illegal wiretaps to steal election.   Still fail..."
Ouch!! Are those bone spurs acting up?
We get you don't like to be disrespected.But McCain is a soldier.Always will B.Military fams want to know U have compassion
They see U as the person who could call the life+death of someone they love.They fear their troops death.McCain is a troop
McCain the SONGBIRD?  The same McCain who ratted out his fellow Pow's? Yup, loser.
First off this was a Obama/Trump administrative operation. 2nd don't have families with terrorist.
3rd politicians are dumb
:POTUS is absolutely correct! Why divulge any comment about your military ops to media? Discuss these issues privately!
Well, seeing as he isnt a filthy draft dodger and was in the military gives him more credibility than you will ever have.
I emailed him and asked him to stay off the talk shows and become a unifier not a divider. Needs to do his job
time for you to get it that you r unqualified to be POTUS #giveitup
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/delete-your-facebook-account-permanently.html …
you are unreleavant so is America
on the contrary, @SenJohnMcCain just utterly nailed your utter paucity. #US #Trump #NotTheEnemy
he is just another example of a poor Senator. @SenJohnMcCain should of been put out to pasture years ago.
we support you!
you shouldn't be talking to us.
Stop putting quotations around single words. It's pointless bc "..." is used to avoid plagiarism. Can't plagiarize one word
most of you who are so easily offended were neutered or spade in last 8 yrs. So ballz are a new concept.
again, your losing everything. You'll be impeached pretty soon
you are right.
get a life!!!
like you have done in the past? I am concerned about your memory.
@SenatorMcCain Is a war hero. I'm proud of him for calling out your ridiculous tweets and ludicrous lies to Americans.
Seriously? Did you take your meds today? YOU work with Russia. Maybe you set a bad example.
#notpresidential
You've done more in 2 weeks to "embolden the enemy" than any one  else.
your gaslighting techniques will only get you so far. It's barely been a month and you're crashing and burning. Sad.
Trump is our enemy.Putin lover and lover
YOU HAVE PAINTED A TARGET ON AMERICA BECUASE OF YOUR RIDICULOUS POLITICS. ISIS use your Muslim ban as prop
While Senator McCain was serving our country, u were dodging the draft 4 times. McCain is a war hero. You have no standing
#Truth
who is McCain to talk, loser. I'm a winner. I grabbed hundreds of pussies and not in jail
What about you and the GOP doing nothing but maligning Obama for 8 years? Maybe YOU emboldened the enemy!!
I'm a vet I think McCain's a piece of s***
DAAAAANG CALM DOWN TWITTER FINGERS!!
right on Mr. President.
Mr. President, keep up fighting for us.  God changes times and seasons; He deposes kings and raises up others. Daniel 2:21
They seem to forget this "mission" was started under obozo's watch, you only signed off on it because of the time frame
What war was it that you fought in again?
Some POW's called McCain a "Song Bird" and also said McCain was a liar, The 2 broke arms McCain  was from a fall
Sen. McCain IS the enemy!
Seriously @realDonaldTrump! You've been BLASTING about the weakness of our military and Russia's strength. Talk about REAL enemies! Sad!
If you can't talk about success or failure, how do you correct the many mistakes and be accountable for bad decisions?
You are our President he lost the election running for one. So he is upset seeing you doing good.
McCain is suffering from PTSD and should be put in the "home".
We who know appreciate your efforts to promote this new agenda rescuing our country...thank you. Dr.Robert L Tegenkamp
why don't you just try and do your job right? Stop fussing about shit and just try to do right by your country.
are you actually sane?
quisieras tú por un día de tu vida tener la valentía que tiene el senador McCain ... you are loser !!!!
you know what emboldens our enemies? Your Muslim ban. Sad X 2!
You going rogue renegade, with just you & Bannon deciding the Yemen raid instead of in concert with your NSC killed Owens
He is the true hero! U are a fraud, a corrupt indiv, a scam artist, grifter who doesn't have the intellect of McCain's pen
the only major danger to our country is you. People really hate you.
Considering all the aid and comfort you give to the enemy, I think I would shut up.
apply the same line of thought to ur ban and reflect.
sen mccaine is still piss3d that trump won. He is the one who should stop criticizing trump and come together.!
Have you noticed that everyone and every brand you diss on Twitter gets a huge popularity burst? Congrats Sen McCain!
Sen.McCain has served this country with his life what have you done to serve this country beside put a ban on people.
How are your tax returns coming along?
so very true. I often wonder if he has AMERICA's back anymore. Perfect example of career politician who lost his way.
it was a failure and those who served and serve know you messed up!
John McCain knows more about military missions than you do, Chicken Hawk.
Ask McCain about how his hot dogging started a fire on an aircraft carrier many years ago, check it out
McCain needs to keep his mouth shut and support his base!!!! 
As soon as you have the same respect Senator McCain has earned, we the people MIGHT consider your words.
A sure way to get rid of McCain is to unseal his military records. Take a peak and see.
McCain loves America. He understands that bad, failed missions hurt America and embolden the enemy.
...it's called freedom of expression. U only want @SenJohnMcCain to be silent because he is criticizing UR errors
What, like you emboldened the enemy with your #MuslimBan? Hypocrite.
Yeah, but he is a veteran. What is your legacy? Tax evasion? #myhero
Please Sen. McCain has vastly more experience in military operations than you will ever have.
YOU ARE ONE BIG FAILURE AND YES I'M YELLING!
Sen McCain is worth 20 of Donald Trump.
McCain is more of a man than you will ever be. He knows more about the world than you will ever know. #learnfromhim
Trump just hear others! Not himself!
Sen McCain is an American hero.  You, who never served, are an American coward.
I agree Donald Trump. Keep our Security measures quiet .
#RezaPahlavi #usa #trump #peace
Reza pahlavi is our leader
U dodged the draft 3 times by crying about supposed "bone spurs" in your ankles, U have NO credibility. How's golf w spurs?
should you as our President and leader be twittering about senators? Does that set a good example for our country?
Oh now I get!  This is what you mean by "winning"!   Thank you, Dear Leader!

#SoCalledPresident
he is a war hero and knows more about the military than you will ever know
YOU should not be on twitter, it only emboldens the enemy! LOSER!
.@realDonaldTrump JUST SHUT UP!!!!!!!!!!
u should not be president. You are an illegitimate president elected by putin.
stop putting people down i still do not like you

Can't stomach the truth aye??
#resist
loser??? Imagine!
John McCain Sir, will never be a loser. He has served his country in very honorable way. Something you don't know about.
Sen McCain is an American Hero and deserves respect, unlike you.
You are the loser. 3 million legal votes! #VeteransAgainstTrump #NoBanNoWallNoRaids #StopPresidentBannon
Senator John McCain has more honor and heroism in his little finger than you ever even dream of having.
You killed Americans.  Yemen.  Do better.

Sen McCain should retire!  Time for new ideas.
McCain lost a multi million dollar plane over North Vietnam.  He should keep his mouth shut.

You said a bad word.... oh...
oh
McCain has millions and millions of dollars in the Cayman Islands tax fraud Haven. He is worth 250 million dollars. Traitor
Like you have ever kept your big, fat yap shut. About anything. Ever. #hypocrisy
Sen.McCain should just retire,he cannot seem to decide which side he is on.He of all people, should be a VERY LOYAL PATRIOT
McCain is a political joke living on welfare paid for by American Tax Payers. He's served himself well but not the People.
Sen McCain only cares about one thing, Sen McCain.
