but US being protectionist = good. Fantasy Island
"Could"...as in..."your auntie could be your uncle if she only had balls"?
Just remember Mr. President. England is a great ally. Give and take. They need us, we need them.
USA is very protectionist with Europe!
Open enrollment for the ACA begins today. Come on America: get covered!
Working on major Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. Could be very big &amp; exciting. JOBS! The E.U. is very protection...
can i have some of those drugs your on don
You buy a lot moore from EU than the other way around. And nobody takes you seriously over here, so behave, or we will show you the real Art of the Deal.
We were told that this would take 10 years.
this is called irony @cnn @abc @nbc
Thank you @POTUS!
Oh bugger off only coz the  wants total control and have it all your way. Eu doesn't need extra  cash so can say no to ridiculous terms
As welcome as The Clap
Please don't include us. You are an embarrassment.
stop lying they won't even let you visit, laughing my ass off
Since legally we can't begin trade deal negotiation for years I would imagine this is an attempt to try and stop UK hating you so much.
What does the word “protectionist” mean?
Wait, I looked it up.  Does this mean that you will be protecting the UK by instilling taxes on imports from other countries?
Are you Donald? I can't wait to see if it's up to your usual standard.
The EU is a trading block. If you don't understand please Google it
Are you planning to buy the NHS off us and flood us with cheap food?
#StopBrexitHour
Go President Trump! AG Sessions has power to fire Mueller! Mueller has conflicts since he took Uranium to be analized by Russia for HRC
but jobs aren't good if they're given to people that aren't cis-gendered white males, right?
I know where you are going keep taking gold and the stock market with you
Protectionist!!! WTF was 'America First about you clown
Fantastic!  Our President keeps pushing the agenda. He is accomplishing more than several predecessors even tried to accomplish!
Hooray!!
Because the US is now a free market for the EU..Are u kidding ? Stop the tweeting on complex issues. It only brings frustration to all sides
You're universally looked at as a total Dichead Don!  The U.K. hates you. You may want to consider why you're so desperate for a deal!
Yo, you're grammar is really on point with this one! Lmao
I suppose bribery and blackmail will work, but does it in the long run.
like your tweets.make me feelspecial
no thanks, we don't want your chlorinated chicken.
http://F.off  Donald Great Britain doesnt like you either!
You should better look for a new job.  Your present job is to big for you mate.
From a UK citizen: GO AWAY! We don't want your disgustingly low food standards or private healthcare here #stopBrexit
for sure
The worst president USA has ever had King of laying! King of claim! Boss of Mafia! You will soon end up in jail where you belongs
Mr. President The U.K cant make trade agreements till their seperation from E.U. is completed. Perhaps some one should have told you.
Great news. I see twitter, is at it again. Letting all the negative crap through.
Call out GLOBALIST @jeffflake who is touring MSM with BS FAKE NEWS! He is NOT a fan of POTUS & gives ammo to enemies of the WH!
Why are all of your products made overseas? #showusyourtaxes
When ladies yell STOP, it means keep grabbing them by the pussy. Teases. #MAGA
Man, the trolls are EVERYWHERE!!!!
They have been since yesterday-I was up half the night decimating liberals!

No Donnie, the EU just doesn't like YOU they like the rest of us fine, please resign already.
There will be no trade deal with the US while we are a member of the EU. This is just another lie. All fake Donny
Trade of..what with the UK? Financial services ofc because it has no industry.
UK is not EU ! Thank Globalisation for world crisis of 2008 and the next ones to come! Brexit is good for EU!
You would be very good at writing telegrams, if that ever becomes a thing again.
The EU is very profitable crime organization, fact
Tenha um bom dia Mr. Presidente D.T.
A Humanidade está negociando gente .os Humanos fazem Business com pessoas Humana . E é sem dignidade e sem Coração verso  o prossimo. 
É mundial  esse decreto Lei dos trabalhadores com requisitos nâo Decretado , mais sim  Manipulato em privado , total . Falta 
Only thing that is big is you
O decreto Lei dos trabalhadores  sempre foi e continua sendo um lugar traidor . Nâo se pode chegar aos  32 anos de idade e ser  ja velho  .
Mate, that's your policy, tariffs on imports to protect US jobs. We don't want your crap food and you aint getting your hands on our #NHS
Could?
sorry to tell you Don, by the time the UK signs a trade deal with the US, you'll be in prison, or in exile with your Russian comrades..
A trade deal sounds good, but can we wait until there's a grown up in charge of the U.S?
#Falsehood b/c UK needs to exit EU before they can negotiate new deals. you wont be in office when Brexit complete
Good for who?
By sending them chicken drenched in chlorine?
Or it could be a fucking disaster. Nobody knows.

Why US chickens have to be washed with chlorine  http://dailym.ai/2u8ie5G  via @MailOnline
Following the humiliating defeat in the senate over healthcare, its obvious this president is unable to deliver. His rhetoric means nothing
They've had animosity with America since the literal beginning. They're just jealous we turned out to be more prosperous.
#carrier??????  What happened??
AWESOME!!....VERY INTELLIGENT!!!!  THSNK YOU , PRED. MR. TRUMP!!!
The jobs in America are important to Americans. Your workers have VISA,s and they work for you cheaper.  You are a hypocrite
Hi ik k
Free movement of people? Share our talent, share our common culture and relationship..
EU is crumbling under the weight of it's  globalist multiculturalism policies. Trade agreement with UK will benefit both countries.
That's what she said...
Wait, what? The EU is supposed to be protectionist?
You don't care about Jobs, you don't care about Americans, you only care about your Signs on Buildings, which is ALL THAT YOU ARE!
Is it for builders to help build your wall. You'll prob get it cheaper by working with Poland
The only thing major that you are working on are the next lie you're about to tell the American people. #Loser
Dear Mr President I am praying for you your family and your administration you Will drain the stinking swamp.
#MAGA #winning #POTUS
stop your stoopid sanctions on Russia and Iran
Well done Me. President
Penis
Funny-if not so SAD! YOU accuse EU of protectionism after YOUR THREATS - that's made them look to China & India? Good luck on BIG UK trader!
They hate you

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.pressley.trumpjump … 
more dreams from head of dreamland. he'll get us nothing.
I have fucked ivanka
God job Sir
How can we trust what you say? Yea maybe a very big deal...I doubt it. You lie and it's so pathetic.
Yea right they think you're an idiot
Start by watching #MisesU on #FreeTrade today at 2p EST
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwLPLjobLrY …

Will be available on demand later via their @Mises @Youtube
You are doing a great job !!! Dont listen to the haters!!
Please don't! The only thing most British would want to trade with you are blows!
Will this make up for all the money you lost us with Mexico ?
you failed.. our trade partners have taken their goods elsewhere.  American economy at risk because of your ignorance.
No, they are very wary of America with you at the helm.  They aren't blind or deaf.
About as big as your fingers
Qw

Please resign!!!!
You stop. Please.
Do you eat chlorinated chicken? Does that explain your stupidity. Control your food chain properly and you don't need chlorine. Rules help!

You are a twit!
Don't get involved with things you know nothing about!!! Go back to your play room and get your trucks and little army men.
So you are going to move more jobs out of the country? And screwing over more Americans. Becausr that is a smart thing to do.
isn't "America first" protectionism?
#ImpeachTrumpNow
U.K. and E.U.; you do understand they are different things, right?
Oh yeah! Ur daughter pushed the jobs in China to benefit her business. Ur fake talker.- big mouth.
All headlines no real jobs
You are not welcome to Great Britain to spread tour poison
IN THE NEAR FUTURE
Excellent move, cut off Germans who are intent on conquering Europe .... again
you no longer are a big leader of the free world.  you have become a laughing stock.  that's why EU no longer wants you.  shame
Get your Whitehouse in order and people under control so that we can focus on the good you are actually doing!  Come on Donald!
Are you aware the UK can't negotiate trade agreements until brexit is completed. Maybe can start around 2022.
If you are trying to create a trade agreement with the UK why are you talking down to them in Twitter.
''COULD BE''
It's about time to get something done.
Omg I went to the UK and it CHANGED MY LIFE. I was there for a week and totally had an accent for a year. They are so influential.
Lol!! E.U. is better off without you
How money will your company get?
Well at least u doing something
No one trusts you or wants to do business with you.  Everyone laughs at your idiotic tweets and your irrational behaviour!
STOP is right. Stop trying to 'rule' the U.S. Do you know the definition of 'democracy'?
How much did you pay for your lobotomy Mr President? They did an excellent job.
Just wait when they stop buying and our products and you will see who is going to be sitting at the stop sign idling.  What a freaking fool!
Nooooooooooooooo
Could or will chief?
With the USofA, but not with you.
Principally against gas-guzzling, inefficient US cars and US beef with more hormones than a transgender rally.
You ate a failure as President,  please resign before the majority has to impeach you
LIES LIES LIES
POTUS is my president and our best negotiator for the country.
Whoever you are, u have no right to tell a nation/s what to do...we aren't third countries, we are free people with free will..N.Korea??!!
DON'T PISS OFF THEIR LEADERS!.THEY ARE SMARTER THAN YOU!!
The EU is a work in progress. Just leave it alone. Please. It's plan C in case the EPA and NASA are both extremely defunded.
Hi Don you give us your red Indians and we shall give you our pakis ...deal?? Cheers, Ste
well if you mean what you say, then maybe you could actually just do it, instead of tweeting it
Translation: The EU has high standards and won't let rubbish in but the UK will be isolated and will beg for any old rubbish
What's the odds that the 'big and exciting' includes health contracts?
But they don't want you to make a State Visit. Gosh, you're so impressive. Not.
Best joke of the year so far
no jobs yet and none in sight
Leave us alone. We hate you.
Thanks but no thanks
great job
sounds good, does work #MAGA #POTUS #brexit #UK #US
"Mom!  They're being mean!  I told them I wouldn't play fair with them, now they're not playing fair with me!"

If you think you're basically universally hated now, wait and see what happens if any of those trade deals involve our NHS. Tiny hands off.
Do you have any more words in your limited vocabulary vice very and big?  They have no meaning coming from you.
Another promise from @RealDonaldTrump that will not happen. Please resign
We don't want your contaminated chickens!!
What the hell are you saying?  You truly are the beginning of satins rule
the imagined god help the united kingdom
Illegal immigration is running rampant on LI.  We experience illegals everyday. They collect free benefits and have pockets filled with cash

15, 16 year old girls given new passports with work visas saying they are 18 or 19. https://twitter.com/truefactsstated/status/890532877322080256 …
So happy President TRUMP coming to LI tomorrow.  The gangs here have been created by illegal immigration and unaccompanied minors.
Thank you for what you are doing for our Country. I wish everyone would quit fighting in Washington and all work for the people.
Yawn.
This is a Country, not a car dealership - we don't need DEALS, we need leadership!!!
