#LiarLiarPantsOnFire
“Always” - but hasn’t mentioned them here in over 60 days. Long forgotten by this administration. #PuertoRico

pathetic how they are doing sessions on the news
That's good
Dear Trump, If you can contact me I can provide some ideas on how to increase the economy in the United States.
If you'll ALWAYS BE WITH THEM then help them now!!! You think your team did excellent job, only cover-ups!
You should hear how Puerto Rico talks about you. They hate dump
You insulted Puerto Rico and gave tax breaks to Wall St billionaires, including the hedge-fund crooks that caused Puerto Rico's debt crisis.
Thanks for what you are doing for us and your personal interest in our welfare. Help us rebuild as a State of the USA
Talking form the wrong body part again. We know who you are!
Why did you default on paying for your golf course there, Donald the dullard?
Stop insulting them
Totally irrelevant here. You are weak. Step down.
good job Donald
Do they have #electricity and #water to drink #food? Can we get thousands more workers like we did in TX and FL? @vp @hhs @SenatorMenendez
The wonderful Puerto Rican decided to hire one of my "connected" company to rebuild the electric grid. For only 300million.Good deal4 melol
You mean that you will stand by ALL Americans? That is not an option as president...ugh
Actions speak louder than words and the words we've heard confirm we're 2nd class citizens, including all vets in PR.
Always... like when you gave them just one of your failed business?
"wonderful people of puerto rico" you do realize theyre part of the us right
Maybe you can meet with the president of Puerto Rico and brainstorm how to get the power back on.
. How can you possibly be any less presidential, any less compassionate or any less competent. Every day you show...Yes. : (
President Trump: We all know why Comey protected Clinton, he thought she would win and could leep job - dumb move!
Is that why you're golfing for the 75th time?
#ThisIsNotNormal FEMA is a disaster. They don’t go inland or leave the A/C or speak Spanish. They cant organize water & food deliveries???
#ThisIsNotNormal After humiliating PR’s Governor 45 is feeling himself. Unfit signs of not being stable seen daily. Congress we blame U
You were!! You threw toilet rolls at them...real classy
How dumb can he be to say something like that, if it where his people, well we all know!
So we have a president who is above the law. Everyone else has to answer for there sexual harassment but not him! What a 'JOKE '
Yes
That’s hilarious, considering the negative things you’ve said while abandoning my people.
Just try to be yoirself.

Then why are you doing nothing while they have no power, no drinking water and the death toll rises?
Throwing paper towels at them?
Not only do you fail as President, you fail as a sentient human being.
To throw paper towels???  Good plan!
@POTUS @WhiteHouse US Territory,  the cause of PR's 100 years of financial struggle. Be the President to change that; STATEHOOD now!
Thanks mister President.
Puertorriqueña! I am, American! soy yo!!!!
Their administration is corrupt...need to change and fix that place
they need more than paper towels.
Before hurricane María I had water, food, electricity, internet, gasoline...
Liar!!!
What you gonna throw at them now, gallons of water, should have handed out those towels so u could meet people and hear their stories
Donald, dear, it is time to admit that your behavior is not within the range if normal, nor befitting the office of President.  Pls get help
#LiarInChief
And you want them all dead.
If we the people of #PuertiRico know anything is what a racist you have proven to be in your incompetence and ignorance @CarmenYulinCruz
I saw a picture where products were being dumped and not given to the people. Total corruption
Puerto Rico
They need more hands in Puerto Rico!!! Send more troops.
So you're not pulling FEMA out?
How exactly r u with them? So it was bad b4, u have a bigger job to fix. Instead of spending $30B on the stupid wall, give it to them!
Total B/S. You have never been with them even though they are Americans. Such tripe.
Maybe Put in Solar systems in PR to supply power, & water. Are Groups Building Homes for the people?  Give them Homes, supplies, Not money.
We have been saved by you
the noble people of Europe knew how bad thigss were after WWII, yet we helped them rebuild, why not PR?
Send them more paper towels! That was a big hit last time.
They'll be just fine as long as you keep lobbing paper towels in their direction! #brawnyman
HEY PUTIN'S PUPPET, U DO REALIZE THAT HISTORY WILL MAGNIFY UR JEALOUSY n HATRED 4 OBAMA CAUSE HE'S A BLACK MAN.
Do you care they are on the brink of hav ing a cholera breakout?
It's too late, Orange Blob. You had ONE chance to handle @PuertoRicoPUR. @SeePuertoRico & @CarmenYulinCruz will cost your @VISITFLORIDA.
Hate crazed CONUS Left and PR separatists r not interested in success #PuertoRicoRelief not interested in #PuertoRicoSeLevanta just in hate
The people but not that dreadful lunatic on steroids CNN obsessed woman mayor!
What? You disconnected fool.
Those wonderful people want hour hide tarred and feathered.  Your own big mouth and the usual rash of lies are the cause. "Don't blame me"
#TrumpIsInsane #ImpeachTrumpNow #TrumpIsInsane #ImpeachTrumpNow  #TrumpIsInsane #ImpeachTrumpNow  #TrumpIsInsane #ImpeachTrumpNow
This is the perfect time to impliment infrastructure rebuilding. Your a builder. Please go out and build.
Update: Puerto Rico (and all Puerto Ricans in the continental USA) will not be with you or the GOP when elections come around. Change starts 2018 & 2020. WE WILL REMEMBER ALL U DID AND DIDN'T DO!!!
lies.
BYEEEE TRUMP
I am thankful for our President.  He is doing a great job in spite of the horrible lies in the media
You were never with them 
Bet they'd prefer it if you weren't. Mental cùnt
Throwing as many paper towels as they can handle!!
Paper towels for everyone! #FuckingMoron
they need your help and inspiration.  Please do not comment on the past - we all have one.
Help them NOW!
#palcarajoTrump
I thought you said they were ingrates!
Got more paper towels to toss out?
Is that because you plan to let the island die and buy cheap land to wipe your fetid name all over you cheap gasbag.
You haven't been with them. You have only been with yourself. People are dying and you golf.
Are you with them now?
"Oh oops, didn't extend the waiver,guess you have to pay 2X for aid.Im still with you!" 
You are a hypocrite
#FakeNews #Lies #TeflonDon #Propaganda #CrookedDonald
Promises , Promises and more empty promises
You live, never ever have I seen in all my 58 years anyone like you... never it's amazing.
ANOTHER LIE! YOU ALREADY SAID YOU WERE FINISHED HELPING!!
We'll not forget. I'll always remind people of your fake help, fake funds,fake media. Funds and FEMA were't really there while people die s
We'd electricity, water, food, and housing. Fake Trump news once again attacking the victims of a natural disaster. Shame on you. Hipocrit!!
Mr. President, the majority of us in the island appreciate and thank you for all the help. Other negative voices are louder but not stronger
Saying and doing are 2 different things, Dotard.
@realDonaldTrump Compulsive Liar-in-Chief, you're a hate filled embarrassment to the Presidency, your party, country & world. 
#resist #USA
Please, go back to help Puerto Rico. Now. Go. Shoo!
LOL!!!!! Now they are wonderful! Did you just realize they are US citizen's like the people of the Virgin Islands?
You're only saying that about PR, because they are brown and speak Spanish, #POTUSTrump You didn't think that about TX and FL.
The people of PR hate you, just like the rest of us
Help get health care in order...
And make them a state right?
no, you aren't and won't be.
Let's be clear: You are responsible for the current plight of the US citizens PR as surely as if you had conspired to harm them.
LOL..you are too funny with your lying self. Because they don't look like you, can't vote for you they surely know they cant depend on you.
They don't want you. They need clean water and you have continued to let US CITIZENS die because you don't like brown people!
Mr. President do You think the people of PR are stupid? They will not forget anything!
A nuclear sub or ship could be hooked up to power the entire island and CNN would have to eat crow. . .
I am behind you.
Thank You Mr President.  We who live here and speak as first & not 2nd or 3rds, know the truth.  Thank you for your prompt response.
SO GET OFF YOUR ASS AND HELP THEM! THERE IS SO MUCH YOU COULD BE DOONG BUT YOUR GOLFING NO BETTER THAN OBAMA
 omg the lies. I can't handle this I'm laughing too hard! 
Yeah, right.  You're a prince, Trumpy.
LIAR!
If my memory were as spotty and selective as yours, I could forget the embarrassing nightmare of you being president.
That’s what they’re afraid of! #25
LIAR LIAR DUMB DONALD. FRAUD, THIEF, CHEATER IN CHIEF. SICK. BAD MAN. (do you understand this now?)
One month after Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico but only 15% power!

“There is no excuse why people don’t have electricity or fuel yet”
Liar
#NotJustAMurderer
#Murder
@doedeer1664  LOL LOL ROFLMAO  SOUNDS LIKE THAT BAD BOYFRIEND WHO WANTS BK IN TO TAKE SOMETHING ELSE FROM YOU , PUERTO RICO HE DOESN'T CARE
Prick
Now that’s the biggest crock I’ve heard about Puerto Rico from you yet
H's? What word are you implying? Did you not know how to spell hurricane? And Donny, we all know you are not with anybody but Little Donny.
Spoken with the 'President of the Virgin Islands' today?
Say hi to the real Donald.
Khỏe không bac
What the fuck does that even mean? They had running water before the hurricanes. It's our job to fix that and the electrical system.
Yes your debt will always be with them.
Please stop. Your lies are insufferable.
¿Esto es un chiste?
#metoo
The paper towels DOTARD!  AMERICA IS DOOMED! THE WORLD IS LAUGHING AT US!

#LIARINCHIEF YOU CANT BUY UR WAY OUT OF HELL!!
So will the golf course debit you left them
Why do you keep harping on how bad things were in PR before storm? Uncool, sir. PR deserves our help no matter what.
Duh. "H's"????
Public Service Announcement: 
When writing about decades, the number is PLURAL not possessive. 80s NOT 80's.…
It's very important to make English our national language.
words, sweet meaningless words. you MIGHT have the best words if you backed them up with actions. #Starscreamforpresident
Sorry don’t buy that you care one bit.
And you ar3 so helpful. 3 weeks after 85% have no electricity. No drinking water. The wond. people have no food, but Papertowles !!!
Except for last week, when you weren't.

Go hug them!
Abbreviating hurricanes as H's? You are not the president of abbreviations, my friend. Please type out the full word. #NotMyPresident

how? By throwing rolls of paper towels at them?


So go spend a few days in Puerto Rico without the Secret Service, your immenseness.
Complete demented LIES! Ask the Mayor of San Juan. She will tell you what a shameless buffoon you are. All the lies you tell and racist too
You lie; you lack ethics and morals; you are inept.
Your golf course went bankrupt left them holding bag
you’re not with them.

...We cannot keep FEMA, the Military & the First Responders, who have been amazing (under the most difficult circumstances) in P.R. forever!
