BIG WIN FOR OUR VETS!! IT'S ABOUT TIME!!
They should keep this in mind
YOUR MEME DEFINITELY SPEAKS FOR ITSELF
Something I strongly believe
I DO TOO!!
We have supported our hero's with housing
THAT'S REALLY COOL! IN AZ, WE HAVE TOO MANY HOMELESS VETS
We have so many suffering from PTSD and drug related issues


Makes no sense when he is destroying #MedicareForAll . So now we will have accountability with zero health insurance.
You might want to acquaint yourself with the phrase "twist and turn, crash and burn".
Amen, The Answer to Many Prayers!!!
No, not really.
Thank You Mr. President & God Bless You!
Not this Vet! He's the first to actually do something about the corrupt VA! #Vet4Trump
He makes a mockery of the Vets in my family & all Vets in America!
What did Obama do...I'll wait
we'll  see if you can sign yourself out of jail!
Good, now let's get rid of the deadbeat employees.  There should be no job to where you cannot be removed for incompetence.
Nobody BELIEVES YOU!
TRUMP RUSSIA TRAITOR
PUTINS PUPPET
#impeachtheorangeman
ILLEGITIMATE PRESIDENT
This fulfills it? This little, tiny improvement? That's just sad. #KnowNothingPresident
If by accountability you mean scaling back healthcare that you said is already a disaster. Cool!
New report from http://VoteVets.org  and @FamiliesUSA: 1.75 million veterans who use #Medicaid will see their coverage weakened. 
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 6 Months, 27 Days, 21 Hours, 3 Minutes, and 30 Seconds
That's a long time!


Shut up you Russian spy! You have zero credibility!
What about all the Vets about to Lose Healthcare because of the Bill YOU SUPPORT???
Seems like you have been digging your hole a lot deeper...

18 U.S. Code § 1512 -Witness Tampering....
What is this fuckin dip-shits problem?  He's jus begging for his own impeachment!
Plz hold accountable Veterans Benefits Admin VBA/BVA!
Avg Clearance times: LIES! Disabled vets ARE SUFFERING!
"DELAY, DENY, Until you Die!"
Are you really trying to take care of us? I as a Iraqi war veteran hope that is isn't you blowing smoke up our butts.
Do you know what this bill means?
Thank Jon Tester. A true hero
You forgot to mention how you faked bone spurs to avoid going to war.
Did you sign up for WAR after 9/11? Didn't think so
He's into comedy and food....wouldn't want to fight. Typical leftist liberal, hasn't done anything but knows everything.
What is the number to the direct lime Vets can call you if still backlogged? I will post it so those who most need care can get it.
As an Army Air Defense Veteran, It is my honor to have you as our POTUS!  KEEP DOING IT FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!  THANK YOU
Now that's what I call #BigLeague! Congratulations to all our beloved #Veterans, the @HouseGOP @SenateGOP & of course MY @POTUS #TrumpTrain
Too bad no one is holding you accountable.
Now if we could just sign the @whitehouse accountability act - that would be progress.

We need to be taking care of our veterans -- but #Trumpcare threatens to cut many off from health coverage. 

"But I'm involved, so I know when you're telling the truth and when you're not." @TheTrumpPuppet #Trump @realDonaldTrump #FakeNews #RealNews 
You have been amazing to our veterans! Thank you!
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Police drag away protesters, some in wheelchairs, outside of Sen. McConnell's office after draft of Senate health care bill is revealed 
Exactly  the left will exploit any weak people they can, they are pathetic
Thank you for all you do for our Veterans 
America is becoming great under your leadership.
Now it's time make Antifa a hate group.
Really  Mr President .... can you tell the difference? Instead of wanting to kill Christians. Antifa wants to kill Trump supporters.
We will stand up against this violence. Rally for Political Violence on Sunday.... This must stop.
No one will take away my freedom of speech. We are not the part of hate. Antifa and Soros paid protestors are the party of hate and violence
Obama was the most ineffectual president in history. Why the hell did he get a Nobel Prize ffs?!
Respect and solute to our President Trump to take up the challenge and complete tough task to Make America Great Again !
You are the best President we've ever had!
OMG LMAO no followers you pathetic snowflake 
She's definitely not popular 
If you notice most little snowflakes have no follwers 
True and I can see why.
I'm out.  You're just pathetic.
Cry me a river. Don't fall down the stairs on your way out.
THANK YOU MR PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP FOR MAKING AMERICA SAFE AGAIN,  YOU ARE THE BEST
Speak for yourself. He is a hypothetical liar and this does nothing to strengthen VA.
Show me the lies not incorrect numbers and dates actual lies. Explain to me how it hasn't strengthened the VA? Waiting for a response.
Read the NY times article. I don't have days to waste when someone else has done the work.
Bravo.  Big steps they won't talk about on FNN.
This bill doesn't help veterans, it's a stealth attack on the healthcare we depend on, in order to attack, delegitimize and privatize the VA
The VA isn't perfect, but the GOP doesn't want you to know that the standards of healthcare it provides are better than the private sector.
As a 100% disabled veteran, and a physician, who has been a patient and a provider in both systems, I can unequivocally say that statement is 100% pure bullshit.
How can you ever be trusted?
If he keeps his promise that's how! #MAGA
Whatever you say buddy!
What about the Obama phone for all the bums. And the blue checks for the bums $800. A month for not stealing. Obama teeth for crack heads
Who Create this many Vet at first place ? Not President Trump of cause , we respect Vet , and it is a great lesson from previous president that create so many Vet , we respect Vet of cause and they should be care off fairly
Another campaign promise kept
We are very grateful that you respect and support our military.
trump,the dotard signs another dotard piece if legislation!!! He's so passé!!!
Today, it was a tremendous honor for me to sign the #VAaccountability Act into law, delivering my campaign promise… http...
I guess they are veterans never captured according to #Trump the uncaught Vets are the real heroes, no like McCain.
McCain was a hero once.  But not so much anymore. Now he's a rino! #MAGA
A hero is always a hero you meat ALL the Vets are not hero any more? Just because they get old and sick?
Thank You President Trump!
#VAaccountability #AmericanHeroes!
You know he's cutting Medicaid by almost a trillion dollars, right?
You know ss is broke right. Why? Glad you ask. Because the gov't can't do anything without wasting money that's why!
If we lift the cap on SS taxes and make the rich pay the same % as the poor do, everyone on SS could get a raise.
If you put in SS you should get out with interest. It's not up to the rich to put in for you.It's the gov't taking out!
The rich should pay the same percentage as the everyone else.
If you work and put into SS. When your old you should get it back. If they don't spend the money. But they do!
Right now SS is invested in Treasury bonds.  Trump wants to take it out and spend it.  If we push back, we can stop him.
God has blessed our country with a president that cares for all Americans but has great respect and cares greatly f those who've served&serv
Except those that get captured @SenJohnMcCain. True Americans won't forget Trump said it.
True American won't forget that @SenJohnMcCain betrayed his fellow #POW's and made propaganda videos for #VietNam, either.
Where have you gotten the information about McCain for I don't argue without dependent information
It's false. All you have to do is google it. Trump loves the uneducated
الو
هلا بيكي
the last POTUS strolled around with a smirk on his face and a putter up his ass,not giving a damn about our heros. Thank you and GOD BLESS
Well said
my apologies to the President for the from the hip candor,I meant no disrespect to him or his office. I just think its time 4 straight talk.
But you did show disrespect. I notice you didn't mention Trump's many golf outings, the ones that enrich him.
and I apologized for it. not for speaking out but for my directness.
Don't apologize for anything, these low life's are snowflakes
You lied about the #ComeyTapes to (unsuccessfully) try & intimidate a witness in a Federal Investigation. No bueno idioto.
Let's see how do you read this? Better hope there are no tapes. Did I say I had tapes?  #litarallyblonde
Lol #LITERALLYstupid learn to spell before you come trolling me.
Oh boy your so smart! But you didn't answer the question dummy! LOL you're a joke! #MAGA
Awesome! Does that mean all 6 of your followers think I'm funny?
Nope we think you dummy! dummy #MAGA
No you (ARE A) dummy lol
So do I have TAPES?  Watch how you answer. Think before you speak. Use logic.  If you have to, read it again.
Sad that our vets have been treated so poorly for so long. Obama certainly had _no_ concern for their well-being whatsoever!
His only concern was to get rich. He has 100 million, now.
Not entirely true. Obama wanted to inflict as much harm as possible on America. But I get your point!
You can fuck with my health care all you want but when you start messing with children's health care, that's my line in the sand.
Most government agencies are useless bloated tax enslaving crap. Abolish them!
متوفر سائق خبره ٣ سنوات في مدينة الرياض
They hire felons including child molesters, murderers and such at the Asheville, NC VA hospital. Please look into that.
@RepStevenSmith sir this of some important dealing with CERN! Could we have our scientist here Drug tested..
We really don't like you... FYI@
Anyone who actually would accept a Purple Heart from a soldier makes me sick.
So invigorating to have a @POTUS Who acts rather than most most used word "uh" and "I". @BarackObama
Little donnie, the mentality of a spoiled 5 year old. You're a loser.
Thanks Boss
N
Can you please dictate your tweets so it doesn't sound like a child wrote them...its kind of SAD
Are you aware that your #Trumpcare bill takes healthcare away from MILLIONS OF VETS?  How does that help our #AmericanHeroes? #DraftDodger
Just how does it take health care away from vets?  You need to engage your brain before speaking
I wish the same could extend through all the federal government
Just another worthless piece of legislation unless real accountability to #AmericanHeroes!
You should close the VA.  Just let our vets go to a regular doctor and a regular hospital.   They will get better care at a cheaper rate.
You could have been one but you dodged dodged dodged #impeach45
Praise the Lord that America is finally respecting our service men. THANK YOU!
Thank you dear President Gonald Trump
You never kept a promise in your life!!!
As a two term veteran I thank you for taking action to elevate much needed and deserved care of all veterans!  Some gave all! Godspeed.
The only thing you deliver are lies.
We love you Mr. President for this, just as it's true, we love our veterans, too!!
Vladdy keeps farting in"45"'face and SHITTING on the USA with the WORLD laughing is that  a tremendous on going honor,like EVERYTHING ELSE?
another example of your integrity thank you
How come every rally you have doesn't look like the real America? Your rallys have no color in them where are the real Americans?
Actually they look like a poor kan's Hitler rally. Frightening
Tremendous
NOT!
God bless you Donald Trump
A thousands bills had been passed since 1998 to restore full service in the VA health centers and nothing changed.
The VA is a disgrace never do as promised! I've been fired for less
Nothing you sign is worth anything. Empty promises and lies will be your downfall - soon I hope.
The honor is all yours and not for American. You just f**k veterans over for their vote and use them. Your game is short lived like Trump U.

This is great. Please start with the Supervisor and above 1st  unannounced visit to Prosthetic Services. Vision 22 a great place to start
YOu made the office of presidency a laughing stock. Can't wait for the next official memo signing. lololol
Bla bla bla
We love you president Trump for doing the right thing and serving the American citizens with honor.
Taking credit for things you had nothing to do with, just like your foundation's charity work. #sad and #embracement
We'd like a presidential accountability act....or a president who acts accountable.
Just be sure you don't cut VA services. Enlistment rates are down!
Thank you Mr. President from all the veterans we salute you.
My two-time war veteran father would roll in his grave at your shameless audacity.
Thank you, Mr. President.
Thank you, Mr. President father of a wounded warrior. We are very grateful to have you as our Commander and Cheif.
With #PROOF it should be #retroactive for #Veterans screwed over by the #Obama administration!

Names printed

https://gstreetjewels.com/about/ 
Lmao... I work in the health industry. That's not even remotely true. Our Vets can basically go to any hospital and be refunded. Free.
Don't troll/spam me when I'm trying to make a completely DIFFERENT point. This is personal. It's MY #Veteran dad & mother.
As you cut billionbs from their med benefits. How are your bone spurs?
.
Considering you are a lying draft dodger.
.
I actually commend you for this even though I give you grief on many other issues. I'm all for anything that helps our eyerans.

nice job Mr. President!
Started by obama
What
Way to go!
Paul Ryan is a Rhino and needs to go.
Thank you President Trump. I am proud of you.
This bill does little to help veterans, the best thing it has going for it is it's title, VA Accountability Act. #Trump #HotAir #Propaganda
Please consider giving ALL WWII vets #FullVADisabilityBenefits.  Many have lived with the memories of war for several decades!
NEEDS TO BE DELT WITH OK THIS IS WHAT I'M TRYN TO DO AN I'M PROUD OF THOSE WORSE TGEN ME WHO CAN WORK AN I'M GRATEFUL I'M GETN HELP
And yet you block @votevets....
Love it
Clown with nukes...
Promise met, great news for American public @potus @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MASA #TrumpTrain  #DTS #LockHerUp #BuildTheWall
Really do work smoothly
He isn't doing nothing to help the Veterans or their families. More money into his pocket over his lies
Still waiting for actual legislative win. But you just keep scribbling tour signature on those EO's...
@SecShulkin KNOWS http://MyHealthVet.va.gov  works well AS IS! 
WHY waste $6-8Billion on new system?
Choice/Care program IS A SCAM! 
ASK VETS!
But it's from Fox News. You said Fox News is among the herd of fake news sources after they turned on you. I'm confused.
PLEASE, PLEASE DO NOT SIGN SENATE RESOLUTION 118 was drafted by MPAG AND EMGAGE USA.
Let's get busy draining the swamp! #making America great again
Now that is a presidential act! MR. PRESIDENT!
Thank you Mr President for holding these people accountable our veterans deserve so much better my fathers care was bad was a veteran
HILARIOUS yet SAD
Stop pretending you give a sh*t about the veterans. You have proved time and again that you have no respect for them, just lying words.
Let's see what the bill really says, not just your version of it. Did you even read it before signing it?
VA wasn't abiding by laws before. What difference will this make?
Are the sheep buying this crap?
i like that
Thank you Mr. President !
Like you give a shit about anyone not named Trump
So very true!!
ummm - what do you mean by it was really hard to get this done? It went through both houses with barely a murmur!

Yes, a great day . Our veterans deserved it . Thanks
How many  tax cuts for rich were in there?
So happy with my president
#POTUS. Best President in decades. Proud to have voted for him, and for the 1st time in a long time,  I AM PROUDE OF OUR PRESIDENT. GOOD JOB
You don't matter to us Vets. So you can suck it, you orange puckerhead. #Resist the 
