Fake News Capitalized™
So the live footage we see is FAKE NEWS? Your A total fake president @realDonaldTrump who lies habitually. Please go crawl in your hole
No Fatso the media is covering you accurately which must be scary given all you have to hide.
You are the only fake in the room.
You’re out of control.
I like your media best, Pres Trump.Thank God you manage to stay on task & keep us informed. #MAGA
NO, You are out of control!! #Resign

Why bother about what you call fake stories. Your stories are sufficiently damning in themselves.
Your the LIAR.
Yep. And the fakest are your favs at Fox and Infowars
like the Obama birther story from you, release of tax returns, etc
When watching a psychopath, it is hard to find anything good to say. No empathy, callousness, hostility, irresponsibility, impulsivity, etc.
The only fake is YOU!!!!!

lack of empathy-inappropriate
You are the one who spreads fake news, you soulless snowflake whiner.
Hang in there Mr. President. I believe more and more folks are turning off the fake news media. Keep your reports coming. MAGA
Really you talking about speaking the truth? #lmao
Trump is a change agent for the interest of the free world. without Trump or his like evil would have taken over.
I realize you're trying to "My Little Dictator" but I say you're the one who's out of control
Yeah but you're a cunt
When you lie, ppl fact check then report truth! You're simply not a credible news source! Just cuz you say it, doesn't make it so! ...
...70 mil taxpayers pay for golf so far! You ARE the swamp! I just wanna wake up 1 DAY & not hear about you, & how you fucked up.... AGAIN!
Like a child, good or bad, you need attention! You create drama to be in news! Shh be silent! America really really needs a break from you!
You are out of control. You're a lost soul. How does a man become what you are. Unbelievable.

Sure. If a news story doesn't praise YOU, it's "fake." This is not a reality show, Don. If it were, your ratings would be dismal.
You're out of control snowflake.
So you didn't throw paper towels at a crowd or declare Puerto Rico was the cause of a messed up budget? Cuz we all saw they clips
Proud of them for doing their job!
S

We hear uspeak! How do you defend yourself when you are so obviously saying ridiculous things on camera? Not sure how this is fake news
Mr. President I think you are doing a fantastic job at Making America Great Again
No to Amnesty.Let DACA work thru legal process like the rest of legal citizens do. If they love this country so much, they will find a way.
Their has to be consequences for their parents actions
So if your Parents murder someone you should be held accountable?  Yeah right! Geezzz Get some education people!
The independent patriotic citizen journalists are stepping up to report the truth Mr. Trump. Dont you worry. MSM is on their last leg, we'll take over from here
@KamVTV That’s why we follow you on twitter, sir!

The ONLY thing is you, the fake Pres that guts our constitution by calling them press fake.  You do know there's freedom of the press? Oh, I forgot, you don't read!not Sad!! You're an embarrassment to this country and the world! How many books did Pres O read?? Hmmm
@realDonaldTrump
Who? Where? Point them out! Or are you afraid that they’ll sue you? Which Network?
The media reports what you do. If you want better, more favorable coverage, try being a better, more effective president.
*just Sad
We can’t expect much from a liberal media
because you don't bend over for them like obama did

I WOULD JUST IGNORE THEM AMERICA LOVES YOU KEEP PUTTING AMERICA 1ST AND THERE LYING NEWS NETWORKS WILL GO BANKRUPT SOON
BUILD THE WALL!!!!
Now U know how Pres. Obama felt when you tried to discredit him! At least he didn't go crying to the tweet board! Woah Is me! No 1 likes me!
I only watch Fox News
SAD!
We knew all week something big coming way he was tweeting like a scared lil byotch..his kids were in trouble for fraud+Mueller takes Dossier
Right and Burr not looking for $hit+won't even listen to own Intel..then he goes on TV and lies @ what is known.
Burr's speech was 10 minutes of empty space..no detail..just like all of Paul Ryan speeches empty FN gawdaym words.
lmao squirming all week long...poor thumper
Your the one out of control.
You're a pathological liar spreading #fakenews and you don't like the media because they tell the truth. That's why you blocked @ddale8
The fact is, everybody knows you're a liar, and people trust the media more than they trust you. Even @CNN is more believable than you are.
Of course it does help to know what a fact is!!
Amen! 
Real Americans support you 100%
##MAGA
LOL. Only bigoted fucking morons and the very rich support @realDonaldTrump You just got conned by a New York real estate swindler 
Please go troll someone who is as ignorant and as stupid as you are. We'll both be happier.
Sadly this is the situation
LoL,
Chalk up another victory against the degenerate left. Michael Moore’s Houseboy is Triggered and as usual, runs and hides...
#MAGA
We love you sir, we pray for you sir, we believe you sir, and sir, we're behind you 100%. Just do what you promised, even if by E.O.
You're either a delusional fool, or a liar, or a paid Russian troll. You could be all three... 
You know what my fave amendment is? 25. What's yours? 
I love that one too, Erik! What a quinky-dink.


How we all feel.
I'm him so much....
I blocked him
Thanks. So did I. Apparently some people are blind and deaf to a different opinion
I notice that EVERY single day
People can agree to disagree... But that's the problem, some people only want to hear their version
Yeah I know
Just remember, Mr. President, that means you're doing a great job!  Globalists are angry you are so successful.
you’re fake.
I wonder why they have chosen to butcher your words more than ANY other president I can remember #hmmm
The fake news is soooooo covfefe
Hey President Trump, how can fake CNN be brought up on charges? At least fined.
No sweet cheeks you’re out of control!!!!!
Because no matter what you do or say you will always be terrible stupid you.
Will you ever stop lying? You need help! #WorstPresidentEver #SerialLyingTrump
much crap being said bout our President TRUMP Fake news  u bet im so sorry  President Trump u have the stress of this crap. As am i w/stres
https://youtu.be/V9gXCPOX3xs 
Why don’t you focus on doing the right thing and not being a moron and then you wouldn’t have to worry about “fake news” 

Wrong!! FAKE PRESIDENT IS OUT OF CONTROL AND NEEDS TO BE PUT DOWN.
You speak NO TRUTH so what "truth" should the "fake news media" write about??? How about the distasteful b.s. u say on twitter all the time
Nasilsiniz
At least the sane ones on the right know the difference. 
Keep seeking God's counsel and continue to #MAGA!

Need to consider violent video games.  Grand theft auto plowing people down blood everywhere. People desensitized to plowing into people


Yeah we say the same about you all the time--no matter what, we can't ever get you to be truthful.
Seems you will try to copy your Arab tyrant friends in controlling media and assassinating freedom of expression. USA is not your companies.
Way to deflect
Hey, tiny hands if it's fake SUE 'EM !!! U'VE BEEN SUED ENOUGH..U SHOULD KNOW HOW TO DO IT BY NOW!! OH..BUT IF TRUE U REALLY CAN'T! SORRY!!!
Poor little Donnie, everyone is so mean and unfair to you. Take your ball, go home, and tell Mommy. That'll teach 'em!
Never had so much fake news until we acquired a fake president. 30% approval rating. Resign.
インターネットでも新聞でもテレビでも一次ソースが見つからないものは全部嘘と思った方がいい
#FakeNews reports, IF Pres. Trump were to walk on water, headlines would be, "Trump violates EPA! Harms thousands with careless actions!"
I agree Mr President Trump, a lots of Fake News everywhere you look.
Fake News? More like the truth. Not the lies. Like the Fake News you want. In response of Maria,has can you compare to the past,not present.
Says the guy who lies more than any president in history...lol
I have compared news and Fox News has been spot on for the most part when reporting about you. Haters will keep hating!
Don't mind what they say, do what is good to your peoples
ITS NOT FAKE NEWS BUT LIES BY YOU. SOME PEOPLE ARE NOT FOOLED BY YOU. ONLY UNEDUCATED HILLBIILIES THAT VOTED.
Well if you could let your people tell what to say things might change. Show us THE Peoplewhat you can do for, not blow smoke up our arses!
Is it true that your golf outings have cost the tax payer over $72 miliion?
I'm still waiting to see your taxes!  I think that you are cheating us all!
Very true. I watch your speeches and I have watched them twist everything because of how you say what you do.
Wonder how much Jack Scofield is being paid to be a lying mouth piece or is he really that dump

Yet, u never show proof or offer counter info! Ur words r all air no pith! U can cry all u want but WE KNOW THE TRUTH-u r the LIAR!
Can’t handle a free and independent press???
you are the fake, not the news. Get out of picture books, and off Faux News. U are embarrassing yourself and the country.
U r fake news. U r a horrible person. Get out of the office. U don't belong there. Everything u say is a lie. Go back 2 ur hole.
only onyou end
@realDonaldTrump, release your taxes and prove to everyone in the United States that the news, you claim, is fake.
You must do something about the attack on true news.Mega Sensor-ship. The 1st Amendment is being stomped on,The truth is under major attack.
No they are afraid of you Mr President,they are like rats running out of their holes when you turn your back,empty the swamp !were with you!
Try truth and honesty - that would be a change
#fucktrump
Which news station are not fake ?
Real news. Fake out of control POTUS.
Try not lying it might help your cause!
U r right.. Mr. Trump.. The paid and fake media r the enemy of world. #ShameOnMedia
POTUS keep the stock market as high or higher three years from now and you're guaranteed a second term from a grateful nation!
Just keep up the wonderful job you are doing. I respect and admire you. Thank you. God bless you and your beautiful family.
Thats because of free speech. This isn't Russia, or north Korea. Media is not under your control and it shouldn't be
Just like your tan but u dont seem to care about that
You’re a worm.
I certainly don't trust the TV media 
 and I am in the written media!
No... its you who is out of control. How come every time someone doesn't bow down at your feet to worship you say they have "bad ratings"?
Even Howard Stern is getting ridic. Sarah Silverman on there, saying he should be more vocal against you. Can't even listen to him anymore
Your pathological lying is out of control
So is your tweeting. Stop tweeting lies we can easily google.
@POTUS as greedy as you are and as much as you love suing people why don't you sue those who are putting out fake news?????

Don’t you have more important things to worry about? You’re a #LoserPresident part of #KremlinKlan and we need to #IMPEACHTRUMP
Change the record!
What are "fake news"? Suggestion: all criticism of the incumbent president og the US.
Awwww , If you resign you won’t have to stress about this anymore.
I would dearly love to see what the "lamestream media" would do if you totally ignored them for a whole day!
Still talking Bollox TRUMP!!!
I hope #cavingIn to #dems on #Daca is NOT TRUE
WE WANT #WALL 
WE PAY THE BILLS IN USA!
NO #DACA
ITS #ILLEGAL!!
TELL DEMS TOO BAD!
NO #DACA
Perhaps if you were not censoring all of the government websites and hiding the real facts it would be helpful
If it wasn't all true, perhaps you would not care to comment. The truth hurts when the heart in the wrong place. There is no fixing you.
Be specific...
I know it, they gotta do something cause the Russia story is falling apart
true and convenient are not synonymous.
And if we can start working on a NEW BOOK

THE ART OF BANKRUPTCY

#WorstPresidentEver in U.S. history 32% & getting worse at the #adultdaycarecenter
take a look in the mirror #45
YOU are the biggest threat to USA right now! And YOU sir are a FAKE president!!! 
I can't watch the NFL any more , I don't want my grandchildren watching this unpatriotic display by these rich players !
How is it fake news when they are talking about what you did and say on video?
What a Maroon!
So sad!
The Fake News, that UR ranting about, that comes from UR Russian buddies cheating to get U elected. #WorstPresidentEver
No, sir; You are out of control.  You are destroying America, and are raging like a four year-old.  leave before revolt.
To fake prez. Truth hurts no matter how many times u repeat urself
Don't worry mr president your supporters beleive none of it
You are the only thing that’s FAKE, Mr. President.
Pathetic you are!
It's kinda hard to take you seriously, when your mouth so reeks of bullshit, Chump. #FakePresident
Still not acting presidential
Want to know what story they're going to report that even YOU will have to admit is true?...you'll see...
Why don't you just respect the media for once!!!.Why are you like this?
