You support this AND a pedophile for Senate? Wow Donnie and Ivanka, you guys are quite the couple.
She is just as hated as you are internationally. I doubt anyone will take her seriously.
f**k u
Why? Is she going to teach others how to turn a profit using child labor? Ivanka's a joke.
You mean she's going to India to expand the Trump family's dirty business dealings globally. You're such a LIAR!@
Remind me again: How many votes did Ivanka get?
Why is she representing the US?
so dumb and dumber are going?
I LIKE YOUR ACTIVITIES. THANKS
@IvankaTrump How about standing up for Women's rights - right here at home. #DaddyDearest thinks that all women who accuse him or other men of inappropriate behavior are liars. How about taking up healthcare for women?  DO SOMETHING!!!
She hasn’t embarrassed herself enough yet?  She’s the joke of every women’s event I’ve attended this year.  Women in business, in technology, in data analytics conferences.  Never fails we have several Ivanka jokes.
Donny Baby, Do something real Like re instate the Fair pay Award ? Stop being Cowed by your DONORS !! Just even try to be a President. ? ! New Experience !
Yes she can teach them about making huuuuge profits making Trump brand merchandise in sweat shops. Tell them how much you make on your hats chubkins
What's she going to focus on, Daddy's money?
How many new outlets for her products will she be opening? @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump
Whoop Dee Doo
You became who you are because of your father, and ivanka is who she is because of you, y wouldn't another woman lead the delegation?
Scouting cheap labor I'm sure
We'd probably like you more if you would just be honest with us
The ass to the Pres is leading a delegation?  Woman entrepreneurs- most woman are not given millions by daddy to start their own businesses
You're not a real entrepreneur when riding your family's coat tails. None of the Trump family understands government or policy#ImpeachTrump
呵呵
Thank God you are President, and Ivanka is a class act, BTW!
wtf man she's a handbag designer not a diplomat
Neither is our #doucheturd Pres @realDonaldTrump but apparently that's what real #mericans want #idiots #bastards #useless
I hope she takes her best dress... since that's her secret weapon.
Seeking out new sweat shops to produce her tacky clothing range, is she?
That's perfect given that India is where all of her crappy merchandise is made by 10 year olds.  Thanks for being a bunch of hypocrites #fu

Front page of the French daily newspaper @libe. (h/t @GuillaumeTC) 
Ivanka Trump is a true role model for women across the world!
Awesome! Does that mean she is moving her sweatshop from China to India?
YayIvanka is a great choice and will do a fantastic job
Not if she's in prison and your not in office. #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrumpNow #TrumpCrimeFamily
She should not have anything to do with the White House or our government. #ImpeachTrump
God bless her and all woman on earth. They are our mothers and more than equal
3 Years, 5 Months, 9 Days, 20 Hours, 41 Minutes, and 30 Seconds
+4 years
I want to ask if he plans to do that  as a private citizen or a prisoner. Wishful thinking.
She can tell them how much she loves having her products made in China!

Ivanka seems to be a fine young woman. Really.  But there are more experienced, qualified women you should have selected.
Awe.  You think you will make it to fall.
Why? She's a waste of our tax dollars already.
It's where Trump Inc buys most of it's products so she should know a lot about India economy
NEPOTISM 101. Totally unqualified...just like her old man.
Hahahaha
Another rookie!
Man
You know ivanka will be there with self interests above anyone else's!
You impertinent reeling-headed bum-bailey
Will she tour the sweat shops & child labor manufacturing sites? She may get some ideas to pass on to her businesses in China...
Opening a new shoe factory, is she?
Looking for children to produce her new line?
Woo! Make nepotism great again!
Donald you mad man 
Nope. But clearly you are.
Stop wasting our money. She does nothing.
Au Contraire Ken! She is going over to look at new clothing factories and support the Indian economy.
Will she do anything about the sweatshop workers in other countries making her trashy clothing? Or doesn't she care about them??
Psalm 149:4
For the #Lord takes #pleasure in His #people; He will beautify the #humble [1/2]
"I just grab them by the pussy" Donald is an exemplar for all Christians, right? #foxandfriends #trumptrain #trumpcrimefamily #muellerishere
Proverbs 10:31
The #mouth of the #righteous brings forth #wisdom, But the [1/2]
#IMPEACHTRUMP The Word Salad King.
NO IT'S amazon #TrumpSupporters know they are lies and don't give a shit, that is what is amazing. #Traitors
we love Obama
The  level of nepotism must stop.  Th United States is not a banana republic!
Since when did we elect Ivanka Trump to public office? What is this?
The US isn't a dictatorship. This is dictator behavior to appoint unqualified children as advisers. Ridiculous!
More than ridiculous. We don't believe in political and family dynasties in America. Or at least we shouldn't.
Trump doesn't even understand that giving unqualified Ivanka these responsibilities is inappropriate. He brags about it. Sad!
And our country suffers as the Trumps turn it into one of their private casinos, gambling with our lives.
And we all lose because of it!
We lose our healthcare, our environment, our educational opportunities, and even our very safety with this nuclear brinksmanship.
I hope she wears that fucking thanksgiving clamshell as a hat.
Not at taxpayer expense Ivanka.  No one elected you to any office in the Federal government.
Nepotism at its finest! Can't wait for ALL the tRumps to be led out of DC in cuffs.
Hmmm.  Will she head over to check the conditions of the sweatshops and use of young children to manufacture goods.  Will she be promoting her own line?  Wel, she is a trump.
How's about getting a real person to do that? Seems your bud Rex isn't into Ivanka.
She wasn't elected. She has no experience. 
This is called nepotism.  As a woman, I don't want her support.
Didn't she even say she wanted to stay away from politics? Did I read it wrong or am I that tipsy?
And on @FoxNews  no less! http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/06/26/ivanka-trump-try-to-stay-out-politics.html …  Ivanka Trump: 'I try to stay out of politics'
@people   http://people.com/politics/ivanka-trump-stay-out-of-politics/ …   Ivanka Trump, Assistant to the President, Claims: ‘I Try to Stay Out of Politics’
The man is ill. No doubt. Perhaps she tags along to give him the big pill at 5 and the purple pill at 8. My theory. Caretaker?
I think you are right. I think she's assigned to keep him under control (best she can). When she's away, 3am freak outs on twitter.
It's more sad than funny. The WWE guy has nuke codes. Very troubling.
"Troubling" is putting it mildly too.
Very nice, glad to hear of it @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MASA #DTS #TrumpTrain #LockHerUp #BuildTheWall #FakeNews
Ivanka doesn't support that, if she did she would take a stand against you! People with you and like you set/keep women back!
Send her to North Korea instead.
I see her name on a product and move on. As many do. Do you also grab her by the pussy or are we still trying to hide that verbal thought?
Nepotism.
Dimwit saudi princess! 
Looking for lower cost production options?
This is a sick joke...Love America...Make it Great...Move to Russia.
Yep. They are all liars. All crooked. And all with an IQ lower than a gorilla.
Why... is she looking to broaden her use of child labor and conscript Indian children to make her overpriced, bourgeoisie crap. Sad
Yes
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Great job!
That fame whore is not a diplomat 
How about access to womens healthcare.  Have you taken a good look at maternal death rates in the USA.
What is she getting out of this Trump. China gave her a place 2 make her products n China. She is benefiting in way founders never intended.
Women who choose work over raising their child are running from hard work. Raising a human is the MOST important job. BiggestIMPACT on world
#queenofnepotism #nepotism
White House council for women and girls goes dark under Trump - POLITICO
HOW DARE YOU pretend you give a FUCK about women other than to objectify, belittle and judge them. RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
call it 'supporting women' all you want, but in reality it only supports the Trump agenda. Ya'll dont give a rats ass about women in general

Ivanka the racist, this is laughable.  #MuellerIsComing
Did Donald Trump rape and kill a 16 year old girl in New Jersey?
What who voted for her?
President Donald J. Trump is a believer in GOD,  doubtful he would send his daughter there for any reason because
they believe a fly is a god or a godess
Too bad she doesn't support fair labor rights and pay for her companies.
Why, so you can make it even WORSE for women there? Do THEM a favor and stay OUT.
So she has sweatshops in India?
And what are her qualifications?
Is she AS or MORE incompetent than you? Must be a close call.

Your daughter is going to prison with you. Obama was a great president. Trump is a traitor
Why don't you keep that phone b----- home?
Your daughter employs poor women, pays them poor wages and I'm sure are treated poorly. She has no business representing anyone. satan spawn
FAKE POTUS
Someone is still sad that @realDonaldTrump beat #CrookedHillary
Actually happy to see him make a mess & mockery of the Rep party as long as he doesn't get everyone nuked. You can claim him all you want
GOP haven't lost a competitive election since @realdonaldtrump won: Your "mess & mockery" means "WIN EVERY ELECTION"& "CRUSH the Dems"
VJ embrace Trump with vigor & joy; he's all yours! You shouldn't be so embarrassed by your own Indian heritage. Why? So sad and pitiful
.@realDonaldTrump will make it easier for Indians to get into college & grad school, that is why I support him!
Vijay those who support & enable this racist POTUS are just as racist! Your comments over the past week against AA fit Trump's racist agenda
Your support for #affirmativeaction racism against Asians & whites shows your hypocrisy. #maga
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence YOU ARE NOT DOING WHAT YOU NEED TO DO RE: #HEALTHCARE, #TAXES, TERRORISTS--BAN M.B. & CAIR. #USA @tedcruz
Just like the third world country we have become under the Trump family dynasty.
#Losing
#Whining
Who told you that Ivanka is the ideal person to represent the American woman in that event? Who is Ivanka? #TrumpRussia #TrumpsFinalDays
Daughter of the head of a state where nepotism is rampant these days...that's who #Ivanka is.
Is she going to sell her made in China crap?
Will she be looking for factories to outsource the manufacture of her cheap crap? Again?
its all good he's got a couple months with kush out of the picture.

#furnitureshopping
On behalf of Indians in America, in India and around the world, no thanks. WE GOOD. @narendramodi stop this. K?
Good initiative
Where is she leading anything in the USA? Like manufacturing her products in the USA.
tell her to be safe while visiting the country of rape!
sweat shops
oh good, we love having someone with ZERO mentality representing us!  Do you think her sweatshops will meet other sweatshops?
She's really going to India to check on all Trump manufacturers. So much for "Buy American & Hire American" why aren't you leading the way?
she has NO BUSINESS whatsoever to be a delegate for the government,this is SHAMEFUL beyond words
Good News
White House Barbie and Dictator's Daughter @IvankaTrump  should stay the hell out of our US policy.
I feel bad for the Indian people as they have to endure this trip of hers.
你怎么不去吃个便便
Ivanka is excellent choice to represent!
Thank you and your family for all you do!
 God Bless America 
You hope if he doesn't blow everyone up first
and they've already dismissed you and equated her to a spoiled ridiculous prince!!!
Your daughter is ineffectual, just like you, pretending to fulfil positions and perform tasks that you are both inept at and fail miserably
Well well those shoes, any that are resistant to radiation?
Hey Mr Trump, were you aware of Al Gore winning the Nobel Peace prize over a lady named Irena Sendler? Look her up. It's a true crime.
WTF? She has no qualifications or a clue! Just luke her Perverted Daddy!
Like
I will never buy her products. I'm a lower to middle class single white woman, and I promise majority agree. #grabherbythepussy
“We regard Ivanka Trump the way we do half-wit Saudi princes. It’s in  our national interest to flatter them."
Ivanka just led the delegation of Nazi's in Charlottesville, VA

What happened to her supposedly staying out of politics ? How can she "lead a delegation" if she's not in politics ?
I hope she focuses on creating real entrepreneurship opportunities instead of opportunities for new trademarks.
You mean selling shoes.
No, making them.
She got shoes to sell.
"...SUPPORTING (???) women's entrepreneurship globally" (August 10, 2017; 16:18 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Make America great LOL, stop buying Trump garbage from foreign countries.
Your daughter is a joke and does not belong anywhere representing my country. She works for me just like u do
Translation for those who don't understand #TrumpSpeak: "This is great opportunity for my/our businesses to make deals for self-enrichment."
Welcome to India, Ms. Ivanka Trump.
She has no business in our WH let alone going to India she doesn't belong there on women's issues or anything else send her back to NY
, Good initiative
A Ivanka delegation to India so she can spreaddddd her brand....How many $$$$$ is that going to cost us???
U shd cancel th event. No one cares abt @IvankaTrump other than 2 mock her. She'll have another totally humiliating no show crowd in #India. She's completely irrelevant. Th only 2 ppl who seem not to know that r @RealDonaldTrump &her. What an embarrassment.  Talk abt #LowRatings
Is she going to find a few new sweat shops to help manufacture her fashion-wear while she's there? You know, "buy American" and all that?
@bctbalaji @IvankaTrump @narendramodi ....Sir, can't she just Skype?
And her qualifications are...I'll wait.  #unqualified #silverspoon
Understanding that A Mistake from pentagone organization zionist. To use identites familiars in diplomacy behaviour. What´s hide?
Looks like they are really excited about that.  
Who gives a fuck. She is not doing anything for me.
Good mornig
Love it
No experience, just a last name. Shame on @IvankaTrump (from Chile )
the best America can do is to send an uneducated and unqualified bimbo as a leader of a USA delegation ?
India is ready for warm welcome of @IvankaTrump  for supporting women'entrepreneurship globally.
Nepotism
Funny, they don't want her there!
HahaHahaHahaHahaHahaHahaHahaHahaHahaHahaHahaHaha and Haha. This is a joke, right?! HahaHahaHahaHahaHahaHaha
qualifications?
what is Ivanka going to do? Teach exploitation and forced labor of the underprivileged for monetary gain?
Guess she can check in on her clothing sweatshops while she's there.
