Thanks, President Trump, for giving our country reasons for a positive outcome for a great America again.If get discouraged by naysayers, know Satan hates when going in right direction & wants to destroy & blind people from seeing the good God’s people do.
Hey very 1 had is. Poeple
Bye dude

Some hate you because you are better than them. Trump is the man with a plan.
Donald J.Trump im glad you are president. You are awesome
Wish to better
Eagle Pundit speaks well.
only if you promise never to return there
Never Amnesty!!

Please...get a new line!
I agree to build the wall because we must know our population at all times and how many people are in need of help to rise up!
Florida "Will be" , what are we doing right now to get people working?
Set up jobs in Florida where you pay a person help with clean up that is homeless and jobless there. They have to have a job there.
Mid class needs the tax cuts. Soon has I final make good money the government wants to take it all. Filed taxes I owe the government money??
Thank you Mr President
Thank you so much, I'm sure your visit has inspired and brought hope to those less fortunate than myself after Irma
I love you My President Trump
Fire sessions
I'm sure your words are so comforting to those who lost their homes...
With what money? All you have allotted has been embezzled by now
Thank you Mr President and First Lady.  Florida loves you both!
it should not take a hurricane to bring us together....
As a Floridian, I want to thank you for  leaving.
Suddenly got better right after you left. Weird
YES GLAD WE EVACUATED. THANKYOU MR.PRESIDENT
With God, and our Great President,  we shall be Great Again.  All the plagues of Egypt be on the Democrats.
And how is your golf course. How many rounds did you play on Americas done?
Trumpie the Clown must now pay the Piper. 'Deep Throat' revisited. LOL! Prison! HHHHAAAAAHHHHAAAA.
"Are" unbelievable. You're the President. #grammar
Unbelievable...@ http://kiliedutravel.com/packages.html 
Dear president...grammar is important..."is" wrong..."are" is correct ...did you actually go to school?
Thanks @realDonaldTrump Your response & handling of the 2 storms n Texas and here n Florida has been nothing short of amazing. #harvey #Irma

Did ya checkout the Mara? Maybe in the same shape as your ratings
You're the last thing they wanted to see
#UnfollowTrump #ShowTrumpWeDontSupportRacist #ShowTrumpWeDontSupportMisogynist #ShowTrumpWeDontSupportThisPOTUS #StopHisPopularity

https://twitter.com/the_force_1/status/909419308639547392 …
Are we paying for the wall?  Your campaign speeches were all about Mexico paying !! Again, you lie. I don't want my tax $ paying for it!!
Know why there's damage? Bc you & your supporters deny #climatechange. Florida is NOT getting better. You'll see when Miami's under water.
Will you & @EPAScottPruitt wake up? 300bn costs from each hurricane compared to your exaggerated 2.5Tn Paris Accord claim? #AlternativeFacts
Thank you for loving America
Spend my tax dollars to fund NOAA & FEMA, NOT political events! Do you SEE why YOUR recommended cuts to these agencies are NOT acceptable?
In what way? Waffle, waffle, waffle rather than actual Leadership
#grammarcheck. It's "are unbelievable."
Donald who is helping the people in the USVI's? They were wiped out in a really big way.
Only if they have flood insurance like yours Rebuild, destroy, rebuild, destroy, what the hey It's not like you're paying full price, right?
Now that your out of the state the smell is better.
WE LOVE YOU MR PRESIDENT 

You should go back to 9th grade English class
How much money are you going to claim in damages THIS TIME. Made previous false claims at Mar-a-Lago.
Way to go president
No clue what those people are going through, do you?
Not with you in charge! 
I'm the good guy
People keep thinking I want her back the guy that she's with hits my children I see bruises on my kids.
I don't want the mother of my kids back I'm just concerned about them wake the fuck up
Why the fuck should I stop if the cops are doing something to me that's not necessary.
Are you going to claim 17M again worth of damage and pocket the money on your property? I would guess you would when islands are gone.
Glad u are gone.  Safe to come out again.
FYI for all others NOT living in the Florida devastation FEMA is helping!!!   Go to http://disasterassistance.gov  fill out application, be honest.
YOU THINK BY COMPLIMENTING PEOPLE U HAVETHEM FOOED. THE ONLY ONE U FOOLED WAS MEL. U really do screw around with people don't u.
MOAR Is going on in your honor right now down the street from the Capitol
Pls trump just for once look into what is happening now in nigeria
Looking to condemn and buy up property??? I bet that is your real plan. #fraudTrump
We heard: build the wall, deport illegals, lock her up, law & order.  We got: let them in and repair the fence.  We have been betrayed.
Fake news you left to play golf in New Jersey
I agree Trump bhai!
How's Mar a Lago?
#RESIGN
Thanks Mr President for visiting....Your presence You and the 1st lady being here was comforting....May God keep you and Your family safe...
That's the same advice I got when I was failing math. It was thanks to the extra tutoring, not the hollow advice, that I passed.
How will it be better than ever? Explain yourself boy!  Give details, a plan.  Nobody believes your Twitter ramblings anyway
You should use the walls money for reconsrtruction in Florida
Donations are accepted for reconstruction
you should give some of your money!
Nope, the wall will pay4itself in a year if illegals are finally denied our social services networks.
That's very fine!
Good luck whith that
Spirit TOTTALLY un related to U!!! Real Americans in Texas....
How was the golf!
Man, that Obama disaster relief money would have come in real handy right about now. What did we plan to do with the money again? #Shameful
Good morning president Trump.  I hate to stoop down to this level, but could you perhaps donate to a struggling single father
St. Petersburg has declared you persona non grata.  Do the world a favor and resign! The damage YOU have done is horrific. Go away!
Don't forget to have Melania pack her pumps 
Notice it SPARED Tampa, Florida???  It TURNED minutes after my ONLINE PRAYERS!!! PRAYER WORKS when ANGELS UNITE! @BatWomanBree @flotus @GOD
No.  It won't.  Climate change will not allow that.  Science is REAL, you dumb ass!!!  DIE!!!!
I thought  @AnnCoulter said it was a ho hum disaster? Not true? Really? Maybe he should apologize.
Abzxually promto
Save Biafran now or never
Millions of people wish you flew down to Florida Before the hurricane.  Or better yet, during
...and it will be spectacular when trump family and SPAWNS are imprisoned!...
One thing u should be proud of us how amazingly your admin and agencies are reacting to the hurricanes .. excellent job second to none donny
New Orleans is still rebuilding.  It will take years to rebuild & even longer to rebuild the Groves lost. They will do it while you Talk
Your empathy for those affected is truly overwhelming.
I read this as the damage will be better than ever.
So refreshing to hear one of your obedients repeat Obama/hurricane/golfing lie and you said "no, that's not true!" Wait, no you didn't.
Yeah, I used to hang around the States.  Florida mainly… A fortnight in Florida. Yeah, good days.
Global warming is real
How you going to do that with no federal assistance?
Insurance companies need those homes rebuilt, so why not have them give back much of the home owners insurance paid in, and loan the rest?
How will it be better than ever all you do is talk with no action life is bigger than making a twitter status
Thank you for coming to Florida to give us your support!
bout all you will get...lol
What are you talking about????? Better than ever????? What magic are they performing to be 'better than ever"?
Thank you 
Not after you cut FEMA funds
Wish you stopped hereI know I can  help you with alternative education 
Oh for pete's sake just stop! It will be years of hard work. You will forget about it by this time next week.

Thank you Mr President for caring for your people!!  We are here for you - stick to your plan! #MAGA
You didn't talk to me

You just came down to see if Mara Lago suffered any damage. The last thing we need is you here interrupting the clean up.
No, It won't be better than ever. Sea level rise and land subsidence will continue to threaten the very existence of the Florida coast.
It will inevitably improve once you leave.
good job you did by visiting and giving them aid. I like the bananas....
The people and Spirit of Americans are far greater and stronger then Hurricane Harvey and Imra
Grammar. Educate yourself
People are dead.  Lives destroyed.  What is wrong with you.  That will never be better than ever.  #POTUS NOT LOTUS 
BS
It's better once you left
Damn! You should have left Florida for ANYWHERE THE FUCK ELSE except for our country. That would have #MAGA in a heartbeat!
Just left Florida. Couldn't resist grabbing some more _________!
Happy golfing weekend.
Ur such a liar! The Real President, Barack Obama, WAS present at Hurricane Sandy to aid Gov. Chris Christy! Ur eager to lie about the truth.
You think our gvnr did a "great job?" He & @marcorubio are bigger liars than you!  No gas & no organized recovery.  Missed @JebBush

Written like a pre-schooler.  You really have no IQ.
The people of Florida thank you... for leaving.  
Imagine how most of the nation would be if you left.
Do it for America!
We dont like you here
The people and spirit ARE not IS.
Cunt.
....but more importantly, did Mar-a-Lago sustain any damage?
Thanks for screwing us over the middle class Mr. Trump with this dreamers bullshit you lied to us allowing 3 million illegals to stay
USA: land of "legal" & "illegal" immigrants, and you cant do nothing about it.
Your doing great good work!!!
Did you cry when you saw your golf courses?
you need to replace the "is" with an "are" because People is plural not singular.
YES. I am in total agreement
Can you text any higher than 4th grade level? Asking for a friend.
Stop taking care of foreign workers needs!! What about us trump?
Please don't come back. Losers like you need to stay away from us. Far away. Forever.
Sure it will. http://Do.you  really believe that?
Through no fault of your's.  The country is helping Florida and Texas.  You are using these disasters as photo ops. Useless president.
yeah,...from that hurricane 5 storm? Dopey.
No climate change huh?
We appreciate your visit ! Keep up a great campaign. America needs more entrepreneurs to revive the economy.
what about our U.S. Territory Virginia islands are we helping them y'all haven't said anything on the news about them.
@acarttt  "damage horrific, but will be better than ever!" Wtf
so, did you get your feet wet?
The damage will be better than ever?
Please hurry. Conditions are awful. My buddy Cullen is there right now and there's no blow anywhere. #MAGA
I pay $475 a year for flood insurance and it's impossible to flood my home, insurance companies i.e. Private entities won't even pay
