Direct quote: "Trump, with his populist rhetoric, rapid-fire tweeting and occasional STATEMENTS THAT ARE DEMONSTRABLY FALSE" 
Another quote: "Prospects for overall economic growth aren’t particularly strong."
…did you even read the article you posted? lol
…and another: "uncertainty among businesses has jumped nationally, which could signal trouble ahead"
"More small-business owners are having a difficult time anticipating the factors that affect their businesses, especially government policy"
yet more lies piccolo boi
Another day on the road after complaining about Obama travelling alot.  You said if elected you would be too busy to leave the whitehouse.
At least he's during travels. O NEVER worked. He golfed everyday, gave Billions to enemies. I say Play instead of screw up our country more
How is taking a country almost Bankrupt from Bush to handing to Trump a country of 4% unemployment screwing up a country. Love you to reply
#NotMyPresident #DontheCon #trump @realDonaldTrump & the #MilwaukeeJournalSentinel  #JS are both full of Sh*-! Believe your own eyes #WI
I'm the tank!
LET'S BUILD STUFF.
Wisconsin loves you!
Don't forget to eat the cheese. I hear they have the most beautiful cheese. Perfectly salty and meltable. You can take it home to Florida!
yea he will cut taxes and weaken regulations on business at the expense of the workers.they can now be legally ripped off by business
WI doesn't want a Russian agent treason Resign now
Here you go again with the alternative facts, you have lied so much we no longer trust anything you say, lier lier so disappointing no fire

North Korea warns 'thermonuclear war may break out at any moment' 

https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/apr/17/north-korea-war-break-out-any-moment-donald-trump-v?CMP=share_btn_tw …
Trump as usual GFY
Do you condone the assault of women by this disgraceful supporter of yours?  He didn't vote for you because he can't he's a felon.
Lol you are delusional.  #moldylocks was not an innocent bystander.  She went there lookin for trouble and found it
Mr. President make sure you forget to bring Paul Ryan along. Just tell him, I could have sworn I told my people 2 tell your people. LOL!
Wisconsin is begging the rest of America to take Trump for the day.
Probably going golfing to in Wisconsin lol

CAN'T BELIEVE SOME PEOPLE STILL LIKE YOU, MOST PEOPLE I KNOW HATE YOUR GUTS I SAY YOU'R NOT QUALIFY TO RUN THE COUNTRY
Run Wisconsin run!
Whatever you do, including starting WW3 I'd NOT going to change your RUSSIA scandal.
RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA
Wow! You emulate a true left winger.  Name calling is not very influential.
Commingled to see the GM plant in Janesville that just closed? Where's the deal? Mr Wheeler-Dealer
Do you gotta get your rocks off??
The American People have a right to know if their President has been compromised. Release Trumps Tax returns like he PROMISED he would.
If there were improprieties someone in IRS would've leaked it! I guarantee you EVERY Presidential Candidate's records were checked by NSA.
What? I thought the reason for not releasing them is because they are under audit? Are you saying they are done?
Common sense, who is doing the audit? The IRS! I'm sure if there were any improprieties someone would have leaked it!
It is not 'Common Sense" to assume that if the IRS found something, you would know because they would have told you. Not even close.
I guess we, the public, will all just have to wait. The POTUS's tax returns become a matter of Public Record.
He Said If Obama Shows Birth Certificate Then If He Runs Then Under Audit Then If Hills Release Emails. Then He Said No! #TrumpLies #MAGA 
BTW Even Under Audit He Can Release Them. IRS Confirmed It.
Oh my...run liberals and get a job to protest! RESIST
Not if we have any luck and you keel over from a heart attack on top of Ivanka tonight.
Dear Conservatives,
Please explain -without comparing to Obama or HRC- which of your values and/or beliefs are represented by Mr. Trump.

How much did you have to pay to get people to listen to your ignorant drivel?
@JLIAMarcelino1
Unless of course you are black and own a business #blacklivesmatter
#TrumpTaxes #TrumpTaxes #TrumpTaxes #TrumpTaxes #TrumpTaxes #TrumpTaxes #TrumpTaxes #TrumpTaxes #TrumpTaxes #TrumpTaxes #TrumpTaxes #Russia
Release your tax returns
You're China's puppet
Such bullshit. Trump never tells the truth. Remember  the truth.
You're going DOWN! Yippee!
Is there yet another rally to boost your ego?




(2) there r key words like anticipate, prospect, “optimism index” really lol #resist #lie
Mr. President the people love you! Please keep sticking to your guns! Build the wall! America first! #MAGA
Ooo, maybe you'll eat too much cheese and explode.  <crosses fingers and toes>
Not if they see you first...


Funny leftist
We love Our president
Make America Great Again!
Stand with OUR president. Which by the way is Obama, Hillary and the Bush's president.
We stand with YOU!
I’m actually gonna be in California!
That's not what Melania said.
I guarantee you Wisconsin has seen happier days 
Do you live in WI?

If that's a yes, I live in WI also. My fam and I are very excited if Pres. Trump comes here!
Sickening support of repulsion #notmypresident
See you tomorrow Wisconsin! 'Trump spurs small-business optimism in Milwaukee area'http://www.jsonline.com/story/money/business/2017/04/16/trump-spurs-small-business-optimism-milwaukee-area/100381628/ …...
Just more repukelican filth in our state
Out of your busy schedule I hope you are watching what's happening in Kenya and Uganda.
Too bad DJT &Family use factories outside USA....no truth. Yuge sadness
I voted for you. Bring your promised tax returns with you!
Going golfing somewhere new?
Trump should golf as much as he wants to. He owns the golf courses.
We pay for him to get there and his security. He works for you. For all of us. When he can be bothered.
Hey Wisconsin, we will all owe you if you keep him there...
We dont want him
Dear Girl, none if us do,  but some state is going to have to take one for the team, and you have cheese curds! So that makes you awesome!
True...cheese curds are awesome. Hence why Dolt 45 is undeserving. 
Which way did Wisconsin vote ?

So just judging him on his followers and people he follows? Flawless logic
Youre a much more persistent troll than he is. Carry on. 
Omg stop traveling! This is a presidency not a world tour.
Boeing plans hundreds of layoff notices for engineers this week.
We don't want you here.

go away, Bucky doesn't want you. #WIunion
Another fucking rally? THE ELECTION IS OOOVVEERRRR!
Okay, parents, he's gone now. Your daughters can safely take that pie plate out from the front of their pants.
Private prisons, immigrant relocation camps, poverty 'centers' and Russian heroin -- that's the optimism you bring #oBo. #TraitorTrump
.@realDonaldTrump Buy American/Hire American! Such a hypocrite! Your stuff is made in foreign countries and you hire immigrants to work! SAD
Who cares..just more lies. What's the understory? Will we find that this was already planned before your tired ass took credit? #SlimeBall
Ugh, I hope you change your mind and don't come here.  You're not spreading optimism, you only spew hatred.  You are not an inspiration.
YES! "Small" businesses so HAPPY! No more pesky clean air/water regs. No more paying fair share taxes. HAPPY DAYS ARE HERE AGAIN! BIGLY!!
The number of Americans who think Trump keeps his promises is plummeting
Are you going to talk about the American made pipe in the new pipeline?
More lies!
You are a joke!
.@GenFlynn @oreillyfactor @KellyannePolls @jasoninthehouse @PaulManafort @DevinNunes @RealAlexJones @PressSec @SteveKBannon #SoMuchWinning
A trio from Donald will soon bring them back to hopelessness. Hope he's hired a big enough crowd
Look at Trump with new eyes
And where are your tax returns that you promised???
by lying through his teeth?
You know, there is just no accounting for taste. #IllegitimatePresident #trumprussiacollusion #IllegitimateAdministration
Small business optimism? What do you know about small business? You're in the corruption and fraud business. Wait till they find out U lied
Awesome! Wish I was there!
Is #jsonline credible? Sounds like it could just be Jerome S' personal blog @realDonaldTrump
Run save the children!
Wisconsin when has Scott Walker or Paul Ryan created jobs for you. Donald Trump will not either but he will get richer
Tell them to take Ryan back!!
You will lie. How do I know, it's tomorrow &--YESIt's 4/18 & you lied in Milwaukee
Documents for all The farmworkers of the milk industry about 110,000 without them there cannot be a milk industry in Wisconsin

@POTUS @foxnation @foxandfriends "made in America" will China use that stamp on things they make using your brands you just sold them?
Mr. president,
Do you have better things to do than tweet articles about how great you are? If not, my yard needs mowed, better use of time.
Have you noticed that liberals accuse everyone else of being exactly what they are.
Did you just re-tweet article that calls you statements "demonstrably false"? #loser #sad #dumbchump
Finally, if you live in Wisconsin please come out and protest tomorrow. Also, LEARN HOW TO USE PUNCTUATION! You type like a first grader!
Once again, you're running your own PR campaign. Why can't you lead?
Let the booing begin
@LouDobbs PRyan was serious when he said "I can not support @realDonaldTrump now & NEVER will, time for Ryan to step down, need new leader
Quit lying orange cockroach.
I was wondering what was WI all about! Thanks
Cracks me up
Yffgyhug had a 22nd, but I think I can see you soon and the most important thing to do with the most of them, I have been a long time ago no
u can't keep up the con Don! We Americans are on to you BIGLY. Don't insult Wisconsin's intelligence w/your bullshit lies!!
So you say hire American buy American  Yet you have your things made in China ...
Nah...
Yeah, thats what u do.Spur optimism.In fact that's 90% of what you do.Always talkin bout how great it's all gonna be & how great you are.
Yes, Wisconsin where they elect the most immoral humans alive.  Walker, Ryan, Priebus. 
#LyinDon
#clown
more fake news from the parasite in the white house
thank you for retweeting an article that calls you what you are--a liar!

die

In North Korea, such a country must be excluded from the earth, teaching small children to kill Americans.
Please stay home...
Don can't help but beleive you really can't read. Even your #Propaganda doesn't really favor you.These are GAS & OIL businesses, Hm #Traitor
Don here is how you've done so much for many real small businesses across the country. #russiagate #Trumprussia
Here Don, even Fortune called you out on your B.S. #TrumpRussia #russiagate #TrumpRussiaCollusion #showusyourtaxes
SHOW YOUR TAXES! WE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WHO EMPLOY YOU DEMAND TO SEE YOUR TAXES!!! WHAT ARE YOU HIDING???
Thank you 44 for a strong economy!
Doesn't include H-2A & H-2B visas companies use to hire foreign workers—including 9 Trump businesses like Mar-a-Lago
Just more promises and photo opps! When are you actually going to make a difference in the workers lives?!  no new jobs yet
Spending more of the poir's money to convince them you're taking care of their interests?  I think they rather you spend the money on them

Azerbaijan Tax Returns Bank of Cyprus Seychelles Manafort Page Flynn Russian Loans You Guilty
PLEASE DON'T COME TO OUR STATE! YOU ARE NOT WELCOME HERE!!!!
NEWS JUST IN Ivanka business license approved IN CHINA 3 hrs after Pres XI was here on 4-6-17. Your voters are ONTO you, Stop your BS.
Listen trumpie, you're done #Trumprussia
Ryan needs to go !!!
A president who actually cares about the engine of our economy! It's almost like he wants the economy go improve. So different from Obama! 
Release your tax returns
Right after you release your stupidity for such a lame comment. #stupidesttweetoftheday #getoverit
Stay away!
surge in optomism means nothing but people have hope then you mess it up and screw with their lives.
We don't like u here in Wisconsin. We are pretty liberal people mostly Germans running from Hitlers like u
Runaway runaway runaway
Boy, I have never been happier that I don't live in Wisconsin.
America is open for business!

Jobs! Jobs! Jobs! Jobs! Jobs! Jobs!

America is not tired of winning yet!

Make America Great Again!

#MAGA
The campaign is over ?? What there another fucking golf course in Wisconsin ?! Pathetic why don't you stay in Washington and do some work ??
What about our political prinsoner in Nevada?
#RemoveNavarro
#GoogleDanLove
#NotGuilty
#FreeOurPatriots
hay
I really don't think Milwaukee will believe in a man, Trump, who believes a tweet will sovle the world's problems allowing him to golf..
Oh poor Wisconsin!  I will warn all my friends who live there to run!
Thanks Obama
Did you read this? Oh forgot you cant - says you're a liar and jobs r thanks to oil/gas/coal - won't last long. Unsustainable like you
Optimism is just a feeling.
There's nothing to back it up.
Trump admin is about punishing small biz & pocket-lining big biz.
Wonder why?
Wisconsin, the EO merely calls for a report. He continues to play his base. He's a fraud & a criminal. Sad and scary.
Soros' people got the memo. 
They are out buying debit cards as we speak.
Jackasses such as William LeGate will there as paid agitators
