we get enough of you on the news. #CrookedDonald #resistance #Russia
Do you ever let anyone interview you that isn't Fox and that isn't given the questions to ask... it's like an infomercial not an interview!
I'd rather watch a Bible beating evangelical preacher and I'm atheist.
I prayed for your dinner/ meet with Joint Chiefs
Go Trump these liberals can fuck themselves
Let me help you out before you go on. Hitler used gas. I know you and your administration missed second grade so i am giving you some notes
an ARMADA? wow, how the man of peace talks now? Mr. Trump do you have a bunker?
Whoa, an interview on Fox???!!!
جحفلي
It is revealing how many Trolls are stalking the Potus just to insult him, SAD
You are the expert on bankruptcy.  @MariaBartiromo @FoxBusiness
I'm sure we won't enjoy it.
Your an a$$
Will you publicly announce that you're going on vacation with O'Reilly?
how about a non-fox interview or a press conference.??...don't be afraid....
This Dummy must be impeached if not for anything else other then promoting his favorite businesses/networks.
Really looking forward to all the dumb, ill-informed shit you'll say! Go get 'em, tiger!
I think they give him talking points.
I am Sorry... He said some dump things again :( #DumpTrump
FREEDOM OF SPEECH. FREEDOM OF WORSHIP. FREEDOM FROM WANT. FREEDOM FROM FEAR.
You do like a challenge Donald.
Good so you can embarrass everyone nice and early. Well at least that gives your peeps something to do all day besides plan golf trips.
Sorry, Scrump.  I'll be working. You should probably try doing the same.
awe...look at all the snowflakes whining. Eight years of a lawless sack of shit crapping on the constitution and now you grow a brain?
Is this the trailer for #Deliverance2
you will of course be talking about the importance of your ego , right?
We're behind you to #MAGA.  Don't worry about all these idiots who have nothing positive to say they are ALL Fools chasing the wind. 
You aren't here to entertain us, I know you don't get that, but it's not about enjoying watching you.
Explain to me again how hillary & obama r the warmongers? Trump wants WW3 we will die for a russia/trump distraction
You are the worst president. Ever. Including the future. And other universes in the multiverse.
build the. Wall and let the Democrats shut down the government
You should do an interview with @brianstelter. And have @ggreenwald on too. That would #MAGA
Or maybe speak with @chrislhayes. But definitely @jeremyscahill.

I'll bet he can carve out time for you on @intercepted.
But you have to be on the podcast with @TonyAtamanuik. He does @POTUS better than you, Sir!
This guy is incredible!
He's amazing. Can't wait for @PresidentShow to debut on @ComedyCentral later this month.
No surprise these sorts considered 'journalistic authorities' in the liberal world  MAYBE if they'd cut the #fakenews, just a thot!

The irony that KGB Chris is using a meme about how people won't believe someone's bullshit anymore, to defend a president with the lowest...
Rachel Maddow? Queen of hate. You are so damn pathetic. Glad not to know you.
That's a lot of talking and very little listening.
Also, THAT'S TOO EARY IN THE MORNING FOR LIES.
Honestly tbh
Also, too much hot air, too early in the morning.
Also, grunting.
We get it. You do not like him. Then explain why you think Putin and him were in cahoots even without a shread of proof? Damn start watching
send visa for me that I can go there . I love usa and you
Maybe let, um, your press and media office promote your tv gigs... so you can spend more time, you know, Presidenting?
Fox fake news if you listen to Trump...What day did he tweet that?...
Do a real interview sit down with Tommie larhen
Every time you say enjoy, I throw up in my mouth.
I sympathise with you. I feel sick to my stomach when I see him. What a revolting creature. @orangepancake #pubichairtoupet
Talk about this
And this
And this
He can't have a life? I want to know what important things you do every day. Let's see what your life is about , start posting that.
The issue is his weekend getaways are costing taxpayers mucho money. 81 days at $21 million in costs to golf! Looks like he has it good.
Not just him.   Melania took Barron and Tiffany bowling last week accompanied by 30 Secret Service people.   Huh?
Again...$21 million in less than 81 days. Obama and Bush zero golf/vacation days in the first 81. His wife is costing us millions too.
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 6:00 A.M. @FoxBusiness. Enjoy!...
News is saying now they are only working a tax cut and not reforming the tax code. Unsat!
wow! ever seen that movie...'Lost in Space'?
all this guy does is play golf and talk about himself! are u serious America? Really? Pathetic
Will this be like when you told us all to watch @JudgeJeanine who then spent the entire episode bashing Paul Ryan?
She'll probably ask why you want so many American businesses to fail

Trump lie fuckin daily...if I'm going to listening to lies I rather get from a non-orange alien
So bad you cant see facts and only listen to CNN. 
Shame you will always be a loser and i am always a winner
too bad you listen to fake news= Fox and the White Supremacy media=Breitbart
Will you be discussing how you falsely accused President Obama and Susan Rice of committing crimes?
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/851997299454742528 …
Or Birtherism!
So you can lie some more about what PBO should have done in .#Syria?

#LiarInChief

Back at you.
Ooooh, are you going to tell us what recipe you recommend for a ground troops assault?
FAKE NEWS!! LIARS!!  Yep You fit right in!
This is the interview where you said we bombed Iraq instead of Syria. Too much chocolate frosting on your brain...but I did enjoy.
No one will
A wheel beat our view edge by mirrored edge, eyes slock signs anew.
ahahahahahahhhaaaaaaaaaaaaa "Iraq"

Fuckwit
We will wait for Spicer.  Lol
what an absolute embarrassment you are - nothing here - move on
And who cares?
Don't care. Won't watch. FU all.
AND YOU STILL LIE ABOUT EVERYTHING ON FOX NEWS
Enjoyed watching my President!!
In which you could not correctly identify the country that you bombed. 
Yep! You bombed alright!
Another fail for Donald!
Will you speak the truth?.....highly unlikely.....then you will blame everyone else for your shit....GET OUT OF OFFICE you lil peon
Great interview!
And for those of us who don't watch fake news, we won't be seeing that interview.
enjoy?  nothing is enjoyable if you have anything to do with it, Trump!  Tell your wife to fix the Easter Egg hunt.
Every one boycott FOX & there will be no one listening to trump brainwashing. One day FOX will be gone. Boycott advertisers.
Maria "Money Honey" Bartiromo interviews The Donald while that ghoul Megyn Kelly interviews Putin. Seems about right to me.
Wouldn't watch if I was paid to do so.. #hotmess #untruthful
another softball interview
Nice performance
My eyes are still bleeding from watching that B.S.
You're doing a good job Sir. I like your attitude, "TALK IS CHEAP "
THE SYRIAN PRES IS AN ANIMAL...who could do another human like that?? You were rgt to attack
Oh goody, more fake news. Just what we need.
I enjoyed the hell out of not watching, thanks for the warning
get rid of Planned Parenthood the gay bill and ObamaCare everything Obama done get rid of
Amazing interview, @realDonaldTrump. U never cease to amaze! U make it easy for the country to hate you and line up grounds for impeachment.
this tweet has 28296 likes. That number is 0.102% of your followers.
Loser
Fair & Balanced......always unlike Liberal Left Loser Media. Karma has already bitten CNN, ABC, CNBC in ass- love it 
this was by far you most incoherent blabfest ever! What a fool!
Thank you, No
FAKE FUX NEWS
Did your daughter really tell you to launch the missiles, as you had no idea where they went Donald was it Iraq or Syria
More softball and already known questions from fox
@KevinPoncin1 @MariaBartiromo @FoxBusiness Thanks for the warning Mr. President.  Just kidding, I will watch!
You might want to learn the details of you failing tax plan and how taxes affect the economy - you are truly the most ignorant potus
I did wear my chest waders. Just in case of more swamp water.
Excellent
Business interview?
And could not remember the name of the country you bombed NOT Iraq! Syria! Who cares as long as no one is looking at your wrong doing right?
So?
There's something weird with your mouth...just can't look at you Donnie. Creeps me out
clean coal is good for business! It is so clean, my friend, a coal miner, he says it's clean
So you can lie to the idiots that watch
Disgusting. You stopped in the middle of your chocolate cake to order a strike in front of a foreign leader who is not an ally. Disgusting

Just saw it&pathetic. U gleefully taked about dessert while bombing-SICK.Maria lost respect 4 u - ask tough question instead of kissing up
Unless you are CRAZY at this point, there is knowone that is being honest that would "enjoy" listening to you! #resist
Go on a news show that doesn't promote your lies and agenda, someone who is honest about your lies and scandals
Enjoy???  You always say that yet it is nauseating looking at your ugly lying face
Great interview on a great show!
Enjoy?!?!?!?! Sure, because I love to star my day with a bunch of lies....con man.
I'LL ENJOY SEEING YOUR TAX RETURNS.
Why do you always say "enjoy"? You're an idiot to say the very least.
don't you mean you ass will be kissed today.
#HolocaustCenters
hopefully, it's an exit interview
Afraid of the FREE press like a child who stole a chocolate bar is afraid to talk to parents. Sad
Enjoy???? My blood pressure goes up you're the me president I never thought I'd see
Really putting you in the prime spot. 6am? Was midnight taken.
"grab them by the pussy"
I am sure this went just fine right? psst the cake is a lie.
Yes you and FOX. Sexual harrassment, habitual lying...you have alot in common. #fedprison
We didn't forget about Russia did you 
#RESIST
She's going to ask why Russians were notified about the air strip / driveway bombing. Already usable. WEAK.
No one cares
State run TV #TrumpRussia
No thanks I have anything else to do. #factsmatter
No one wants to start their day listening to your filth and you're horrible voice and having to look at you. No thanks
The SNL skit was great. Thanks for the belly laughs Don and Maria.
Enjoy?!!! .. Geez
It's just not cost effective for you to pay me enough to watch your incoherent ramblings.
President Trump replaced the fake president Obama who hated our country. America will survive.
No kidding a Fox News interview?
I'm shocked!!!
#POTUS 
How about getting interviewed by some other organizations?
#Trumpisstupid #Worstpresident #ComradeTrump #Trumpslump #Unamerican #Sad
Who are you?
Enjoyed your total incoherence as usual. But, the best part? Clearly, the cake you enjoyed while ordering people to die. Delicious!
Paid Russian trolls are telling more lies and fake news. No one believes you.
Of course FAUX NEWS.
Sorry, I don't watch Fox Fake News except for Shep who is not afraid to call you on your BS! #ImpeachTrump #russiagate
No, we didn't.
Blah blah blah.. more trying to distract by blaming Obama for the very thing you commended him for at that time. Obama is out. It's on you.
Who gives a s**t
I did & it was great!  My only question is, why do U trust James Comey so much?  He's in this Up to his Necktie!!!
Trump doesn't necessarily trust Comey. Maybe he wants Comey on the Russia investigation so no one can say he interfered with that witch hunt
Talk about Fake news, please!!!
Barf.
Nice to hear you had the most beautiful chocolate cake @realDonaldTrump. And like that you lied about Obama depleting the military. RESIGN!
