
#Trumprussia #DeutscheBank #moneylaundering




With a 1.55% ave GDP growth 4th worst ever in history of USA
Everyday we find a new law broken by the Obama Admin! Now, Loretta Lynch used pen name 2 avoid FOIA requests! Can U investigate last 8 yrs?
@NickjcqMichael @realDonaldTrump Ok this just goes on & on. Get someone sane over here to look into this con artist cheat Lynch
Love is the ultimate power not hate.
YOUR A LUCKY GUY @realDonaldTrump 
YOU JUST ALWAYS GET TO INHERIT EVERYTHING TO MAKE YOU LOOK  GOOD!!
SAD !! 
@BarackObama THANKS OBAMA
Your dream is my nightmare.
Hola. Sr presidente donal. Trump. Como leva. Soy. De. Venezuela necesito su ayuda inrervenga a Venezuela. Ya. Que. Esta
Keep up the Good Work Mr. President!! #MAGA
This was already in the works before u took office. You can't take credit for what Obama did 

American success is due to Americans. Not you. All you've done is golf and cheat at that. Very good source told me you are almost % in debt
No worries Mr. President will help them along! RT!
People with living brain cells know the truth and appreciate your hard work and dedication, determination.
I thanked Obama since it's his policy's we're benefitting from. Your's don't kick in until October 1st.
Ti leggo solo per le risate che mi fai fare
Thanks @BarackObama for the surging economy! 
Most of these "successes" have absolutely nothing to do with you being Potus! They'd have happened if we had a hand puppet instead of you!
Oh they're reporting it - as an Obama achievement - as they should! Try doing something of your own - if you can
You inherited an economy that was doing well after 8 years of thoughtful stewardship--give me a break @realDonaldTrump !
And fake poll numbers even on fox#done with media
Yup! All they want to talk about is Russia collusion. America knows this is a lie! Tweets keep us connected @POTUS Thank U #MAGA
Stop the #FakeNews #Propaganda take over of local news by #SinclairBroadcasting now. Tell the @FCC "NO!" https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/search/filings?proceedings_name=17-179&q=17-179&sort=date_disseminated,DESC … #resist
There's something seriously wrong with you. #25thAmendmentNow
You're joking, right! You have accomplished nothing - much less than Obama. You're #pathetic
Damn u really struggled to fit this one in the character limit
Indict Comey, Mueller, And the Rinos who are leaking. Also anyone who leaks classified information or conversation

The important thing is, We the People know of your incredible accomplishments, and the unprecedented obstruction hasn't slowed you down.
REAL Americans don't need #fakenews to report on your accomplishments. We voted you in because WE the people knew you could do it. #
Yeah sure! 33%! Along with that low number and the 3 million more votes we got out in Nov '16... you're cooked, Donnie Boy! Bye Bye! Sad!

In other words, if the Marque De Sade and Caligula had offspring, it would be @realDonaldTrump
Content of charcter, dear. Not content of pants.
Geez thanks, but mine was full.
IT'S CALLED WINNING! WE NEVER TIRE OF IT! BRING IT ON! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Why does all trumpets seem to forget caps   lock is not  only option.Btw,he lost in healthcare, Muslim ban, caught as lier by head of scouts
POOR VISION. CONGRESS IS TO BLAME FOR FAILURE TO REPEAL O-CARE THANKS 2 MCCAIN. MUSLIM BAN UPHELD BY SCOTUS. SCOUTS LOVE TRUMP!
Sigh, again with the cap locks disease.He was supposed to be the great deal maker, now he blames Congress. And you parrot it
Stop threatening ppl, senile old man.
0-Credibility 
0-Trust
0-Integrity
0-Respect
0-Work Ethic
0-Honesty 
0-Morality
#SteeleDossier
#LiarInChief
#DonTheJohn
#PutinPuppet
#25NOW
American new civil war ?
Fake president. #biglysadforamerica
Please don't let Hillary Clinton walk free after her decades long crime spree, including Uranium one.
I point this out in Twitter daily Mr President
We believe u!
Don't care what media say. You are a great POTUS and you do many more great things if folks get in with your whole (not part) agenda.
They did. With the words: 'Thanks Obama.'
@realdonaldtrump #disgrace #hitler #liar #fullofshit #smallhands #facist #traitor #clown #loser #impeach #resign #clueless #potus #criminal
Fake News!
I don't know about you, but I don't remember large, inflatable animals visiting the White House during previous administrations.
I know, Fake  news are not nice people to say the least. I like FOX : Hannity, Judge Jeanine, Lou Dobbs,  and many other FOX people.
That's because real reporters such as myself report that all of your so called achievements were things already trending upward under Obama.
Pull a Abraham Lincoln - arrest every journalist nationwide promoting fake news and charge them with treason.
Please help chicago. They are dieing. The leftists never try to fix problems just increase their power through others misery. #POTUS
That is why we no longer get our information from those outlets!
Finally!  A Dow report that can actually be attributed to your actions.
You are using the age-old tactic of lying to people who don't know how to use google. My hat is off to you! #kingoffakenews
Fake President keeps faning his ignorant base with lies! Good Job Donnie 33% approval rating lol
#illegitimatePresident #unfit #unfittolead #Unqualified #embarrassment #Russiagate #LockHimUp #LockTrumpUp #NotMyPresident
A POTUS that sets up a state run propaganda  news service "Trump News" has no moral standing to complain about fake news.
Have you sent a thank you note to President Obama yet? Perhaps you can find the time between rounds of golf today.
Economy and jobs are lagging indicators..credit should be given to Obama.  Your policies will lead to job loss, especially in tourism.
You are riding on the coattail of President Barack Obama' successes.
It's a sad example of how low America has gotten to have a Trump who needs his ego petted in the news. Pathetic
What a Dushbag !
Hey, aren't you supposed to be on vacation?
Cuz it's not fake news. Your propaganda is fake news. Your trump tv is fake news. Fox, the pervert org is fake news.
Economy is Obama's credit. YOU FAILED! You said you'll eliminate ISIS in 30 days. Obamacare repeal/replace legislation is a disaster! LOSER!
#ItsMuellerTime PANIC MUCH LMAO
Good thing Obama put things in place for you huh? All you did is continue his trends.Wait a couple years and you can claim success as yours
If you weren't so illiterate you'd know what The Fake News did to Nixon. Resign now so Pence can pardon you.
There is Zero Proof to show that any success is even tangentially initiated by @POTUS Trump !
The lies are for themselves  @realDonaldTrump. Haters aren't worth the air they breathe. Keep doing what you are doing. 
#MAGA Superstar
The fed reserve is our enemy
Calling the news fake is an affront to our democracy.Don't u see the majority of Americans don't see fake news.  Look at those REAL polls.
There is no success in this 6 months except for your impending impeachment, and #TheResistance overcoming your tax cut for the wealthy!
Thank you Obama!! Again Backstabbing Donnie taking credit for someone else's hard work. Failing 45 Sad
You are fake news
I hope Trump uses the Sanctuary cities funding and puts it toward the wall! Let them know the change is here!
Please stop tweeting. You are embarrassing yourself.
Wasn't success from you ... was gonna happen whether you were there or not
Sir I am jobless since last nine months .. have to throw illegal immigrants out ..
.@realDonaldTrump @Omgd1295 
But we don't watch #fakenews, so the message is getting to us. #MAGA
You're not good enough for the New York Times, Washington Post, CBS, NBC, etc.  You're on the (real) Fake News  already. Fox, Sinclair, etc.
Huh....
You probably knew you'd be bad at this, but did you ever think you'd be THIS bad THIS soon?!


Follow if you support trump :) @theuslifestyle
@POTUS Mr.Pres, Complete LLC & Personal taxes. Where are they? How much do you owe Russian Banks? FollowMoney. @Whitehouse
Then your not watching the correct tv channels.
the worst 6 month job creation tally in 5 years-- you orange traitor
You have done NOTHING good for America.  Resign now!  #Impeach45
So like this
TRUMP IS A SKETSO LIAR HE IS OF AND A LIAR HIS WIFE DOESN'T WANT  HIS OLD A#$
They reported it back when Obama initiated the programs that are the reason for them.  Which hole are you on?
Delusional, SAD! #DumpTrump
The left is Ashamed of being Americans or helping make America what it use to be.  The left would rather sell our sovereign nation to the UN
Strong base, progressive change out weighs fake news!
OVER 1MILLION JOBS SO FAR SINCE TRUMP HAS BEEN IN.TEXAS CONSTRUCTION HAVEING2PAY AMERICANS HIGHER WAGES DUE TO ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION CRACK DN.
@realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MyPresident

Everyday I am thankful that DJT is our president. My faith in 
my country and patriotism has been restored. God bless America. #MAGA 
Jeez... are you still talking... give it a rest will you...
Just cuz you mentioned things, doesn't mean it's getting any better... MS-13 are scratching their heads!
Actually I watch MSM and they covered everything you mentioned but not with the pat-on-your-back that you so desperately want. NOT due to u
#ThankYouObama
You have done nothing, Donnie
They are fake of they are telling the truth grow up and be a fucking honest man and our president hillary would of done souch better
Thank you PRESIDENT Obama!
You are not successful.  Delusional
He said #FakeNews again! Take another drink... We might die from alcohol poisoning!
@CNN @FoxNews
We pray for our president every single day. MAGA Forever!!!
Fake news would be reporting successes that didn't happen.
People believe fake news, and now they're too stupid to see the truth very sad X
Along with a fake President.
Any idiot could have picked someone for Supreme Court. You had nothing to do with it. You read off the name they picked for you.
Surging economy? Yep, thanks Obama. You've done nothing to help create jobs.
Military security? Are you serious? Our military generals must be constantly scared you'll do something stupid enough to start a war.
ISIS? You can criticize Obama for not doing enough fast enough, but his policies have resulted in gaining ground against ISIS.
With your repeated attempts at a Muslim ban, you're more interested in bolstering ISIS, or some current or future variant.
Do you think you are the first President to take a stand against gangs like MS-13? Wow, you're really conceited.
You try to equate immigrants as being gang members, murders & rapists. You won't make this a country of hate. Most people too smart for that
Thank you President Obama
You are so delusional it's scary.  History show you to be the most incompetent president EVER.  I am s Republican but won't be for much longer.  Wait til your base figures out a lot of them will be paying more taxes.  Can't wait!!
Liar-Chief!!!!!!!
Ok it’s 9 months let’s see the baby roster around the country
The Fake News refuses to report the success of the first 6 months: S.C., surging economy &amp; jobs,border &amp; militar...
Are you to busy to to talk to a american
Agree, fake news repeatedly lies about most things. Pls do not let fake news get away with distorting 2nd Amend.
Speaking of the biggest liar  = Trump
You like attention & you're deservedly getting more bad press than any other person in US History--prob divergence but u like 2 play victim!
Are you aware that your fiscal year starts in October? Are you a liar or just ignorant?
Only success you can boast of is how many rounds of golf you squeezed in.
We thought Mexico was paying for the wall
Thank you mr trump now we need to BUILD THAT WALL
Success my ass!
Remember when you said that you would be too busy to leave the White House and that you wouldn't take vacations? #ImpeachTrump 
Why is it taking so long for you to "obliterate ISIS" & "crush Al Qaeda"?

Can't you just take away their oil or something?

#FailingTrump
Screw the press. Your amazing leadership supersedes all.
American people know POTUS screw the left & their hate groups Antifa & BLM as well as KKK & white supremacist we know u have denounced years
on top of this, EVERY person who DISAGREES with him is "fake???"  (August 6, 2017; 21:18 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
again, reinforcing SHIT SHOW (August 6, 2017; 21:18 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
on top of this, all SANE people AGAINST..., (August 6, 2017; 21:18 EDT) #BORDERWALL #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
A RIGHT WING EXTREMIST: NEIL GORSUCH (August 6, 2017; 21:18 EDT) #scotus #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Yeah I noticed. I think they only report on like real success. I don't think you can just make shit up. Sorry.
Thank you sir and  may GOD bless you and guide you #MAGA
Details. I don't take your word for anything. You cannot be trusted.
@realDonaldTrump did you read #MittRomney's Facebook post about you.  He just screwed himself over.  We are still here behind you 100%
If you had actually accomplished those things rather than riding the previous admin.'s coattails, that would be news.
Why not make a confederate museum instead of destroying history !!!
fake comments create fake news keep up the good work making America hate again
We support you and know the good you are doing! God Bless you!
Keep doing what you're doing Sir!  We're counting on you.
HILARIOUS !
Impeach. Nazi loving President
Buenas tardes sr  presidente donal trump. Soy de Venezuela necesitamos su htan ayuda intervenga ya este pais hravias
You are out of your gd mind!  The only thing fake is you!
That's because they don't exist. Even FOX is having to reach deep. How's your better healthcare plan coming along? #25amendmentnow
#FakePresident
Fake report
the MSM should be shut down....the only true news is now scanned on the internet.
John Kerry you are a jack ass
Do not create new civil war
Because there is no success to report.
Difficult to support what doesn't exist
