IVE BEEN SAYING THIS ALL ALONG IT WAS A PHONY RUSSIAN COLLUSION HOAX TO UNSEAT YOU WHO US MILLIONS OF VOTERS MADE YOU POTUS,NOW ITS TIME TO INDICT,ARREST AND JAIL THE ONES RESPONSIBLE FOR THE MILLIONS OF OUR TAXPAYERS MONEY SPENT ON THIS FOR TRYNG TO FRAME YOU.
Those of us who voted for you know why she lost. We The People, have had enough of the swamp!
The Law moves forward at a grueling slow pace, nevertheless, it does achieve its objective - punishment of the guilty! Your day is coming!
It sure is! That is the smartest thing you have said in 5 years.
Democratic Party Corruption will be exposed soon brother
So when are you going to get something that matters done? Europe is still asking us, WTF!!?? #WORSTPRESEVER
He has done a lot that matters to America. F**K Europe.  They are lost in Islamic terrorist running their countries
the opponents dont forgive your success..Our dear President,dont  pay attention no sense comment.HAPPY NEW YEAR, THIS IS YOUR YEAR
Mr. President I think u should go after them and sue them so hard their grandchildren’s grandchildren’s have to pay u
Mr President what worries us though is no action being taken against them and while they are free there will be further attempts to unseat you! Sessions needs to either do his job or go, the questions is if the likes of Sessions was persecuted like you what would he do? #Notright
Your daddy taught you how to work with the KKK, only thing is he got busted. Your day is coming for many bigly fuck ups!! Can't wait!! 
Libs are liars and delusional
Bot
Looks like he was right again!
so happy that you are my President. I am an Army Vet wife who lives PTSD Everyday fix the VA
And you can hear Russian Bears Sh-- in the Forrest!
mr president, do these people think that we the hard working class that want this contry to be great again are mushrooms?
Deport Schumer. PLEASE

NO TRUMP INDICTMENT!! NO TRUMP INDICTMENT!! 

LONG LIVE PRESIDENT TRUMP!!
Forget about suing them put them in jail! Specially Hillary!
Spies.  Fixed that for you,  Mr. President.
No you're a moron and have no clue what the hell your talking about. Most of his allegations have been verified. Fake pres.
We knew it...but happy U have proof now.
- Glad the truth, once again, exposes the lies & corruption of the self-serving politicians. #Shameful
The important people are the millions who voted for you! We love you! 
#PresidentDonaldJJTrump <3
Bot
What happens next?
Here's some down time reading for you!
Allegations are not phony.........you are.
Still angry that an unqualified pathological liar had help from a foreign Gov and rigged an election. You will be gone soon
love you!!!! Such a refreshing leader I wish you the best!!!'
Trumptrain loves You on Twitter ! 
Thank you!
.  YW ! patriot ! 
The only real American is the one who supports our President!!! The rest of you can go to hell!!! Which won't be long until that happens!!!
Yes!  It's over #Mueller is writing his report and his conclusion
he should have been fired!:
I can just hear Auntie Maxine bleating "Impeach 45 for making spies afraid of women named Sue!"
Please NAIL THEM TO A WALL, THE SOUTHERN BORDER WOULD WORK...
#DrainTheSwamp Mr. President. Make them pay. #EradicateDeepState
VICTORY AT LAST....

Trump:  "These women are all liars and I have nothing to hide.  Here!  You can read all about it in this restraining order."

https://www.nytimes.com/2018/03/07/us/politics/stormy-daniels-trump.html?smid=tw-share …

Stop lying, please. You do harm.
You & your suing.  You're a shyster and a coward. Multiple lawsuits suggest that a vengeful and petty person is behind them. #Steelewasright
Who's crying now, Mr. President. You should resign and save us all a whole lot of worried sleepless nights. Please resign!
And you're a class act, I'm sure.
Vote for @BTS_twt for #BBMAs' Top Social Artist using this hashtag #BTSBBMAs
you are our President and God Bless you and God Bless America-POP
  Nice try, but no banana for you, BOZO!
wow great argument.  Aristotle would be so proud.
something about "thier bows shall be broken and thier daggers enter into thier own hearts "
Psalm 37:15
Who is the failed spy
KGB
Hey FOOL! Four of your buddies have pled guilty for lying to the FBI.  Was it just for the prison perks?
lie to yourself liar. You are an idiot. You don't fool me.
-- in place of the 64 democratic leaders that refused to attend the event.  Students and families who can't afford .
Bot
destroy them
Bot
Is Jeff sessions on vacation or what? He seems pretty useless... I mean quiet , since he took over that position....
I’m not Russian, and Russia didn’t make me vote for you!  I happily did it all by myself 
Your followers knew it all along and we were waiting for the proof.
Congratulations for south & North Korea  for friendship which results bring by your political knowledge for humanity but please think & solutions about Arabian countries piece .
I am very proud of you Mr. President you are doing a great job
oh yeah, you need to put Hillary Clinton in JAIL. You said you would.!!!!!!@@
...of course they're phony!  Do you still think the Clintons are "good people" who have "suffered enough"?
it's with regret that I see how politicians, media and so called Americans are treating you with no respect. It's sad.
Please sue them but wait till you appoint all those judges.

I totally love  you!!!
Have followed you for many years. I knew you were a true patriot a long time ago. The best day of my life was when you came down that escalator and declared you would run. Thank you for giving up your life, for us, the people 
Obama had ties to domestic terrorist Bill Ayers, felon Tony Rezko, and his college records sealed as his early life is a mystery. When does that FBI investigation begin on him?
Good find, GIgi
We know, sir.
Everything they say and do is phony.
Phony "victims" of phony massacres - Aurora, Sandy Hook, Vegas and Parkland.  
#2A 
#Propaganda 
Uepand it’s now time for them to feel the pain you need to have 17 extra months of your pregnancy to make up for their attacks on you and your family
I will only believe it’s a real investigation when the FBI inspects the DNC servers.
“WITCH HUNT”
Be careful of the snakes trying to slither in by the back door.
YOU'LL MAKE AMERICA BREAK AGAIN!!!!
you the man, Mr. PRESIDENT!!!!!!
Give it up hotshot...you are facing scandal after scandal for next 40 years by your own volition.
Man, if only Hitler had a Twitter feed. The lack of accountability would be enormous.
like you did to Hilary?#karma
dude u have a bad reputation with nasty behavior with women so everyone is wondering if it is true!
you are a criminal and the American people know it.
Obama/Clinton made up these lies to start war w/ Russia & get people to attack U & the U.S. They put troops on R. border.
I can't wait to see the documentary of how the DNC Party failed so miserably. Blind by their constant embarrassment.#Losers
I hope they ALL get royally SUED. Sued SO HARD they won't be able to afford their internet package.
I think some anti Brexit upper class twit passed this off to Senator McCain & DC Never Trumpers.  Sad & lame all at once.
Nothing New about that--WE are with You!! believe that!


That's mature
Where there is smoke there usually is fire!
Russian mole where are your tax returns?
al sharpton is out of control. I guess they are saying that the only purpose of o'bamma's 8 years was his legacy, failed!
just know that it won't stop. Just keep doing the good job. God bless the real Donald Trump.


Please #FreeJulianAssange he exposed Hillary's lies, to millions of voters. @wikileaks @SenJohnKennedy @BillCassidy
This looks like the true criminal activity. Investigate the entire Obama regime. They’ll find more smoking guns than an Afghan firefight.
These people all need to be rounded up and put on trial for attempting a coup
#MAGA Has faith in you, but not in those corrupt politicians! #snowflakes will be melting -once the truth hits! #TickTock
Dirty FBI colluded with the DNC & Hillary campaign.
We will find out!
If they can't be held to justice. End the FBI & DOJ as we know it. They are not in the Constitution and maybe for good reason. Board of Education too. None are doing the job they were created for.
Time for the criminals to face #Justice
I know it!
Question is, WHAT SHALL YOU DO ABOUT IT?
#REPLACESESSIONS
Easy there buddy.. I think you jumped the gun on this one. #Trumprussia
lolol
What spies are you kidding You are not worth the time You won I have to live with that but you keep doing things wrong
You can't say that You were not a show that was tapped You don't have respect for women You were going to sue Paid off
what happened to the 13 year old girl who claims you raped her?
uh huh sure. Time 4 ur meds dear.
@DumpTrump22 You are so delusional. Get a grip on reality - and get a shrink.
do u really think anyone with a working brain cell believes ANYTHING u say tRUMP?
go take another golden shower
you sir would not know the truth if it punched you in the face Pathological Liar is what you are! #ANTITRUMPMVMT
all true facts about you and time will reveal all
not legitimate President.
hals maul #feelsbadman #NoAfD #zufrühwach #scheissheitzungsableserdernichtkommt
Just another one of their dirty tricks
I don't believe a word you say. I am not surprised to find out you enjoy literally pissing on women, seems legitimate to me
@chaelch think it is a shame those protestors have nothing better to do, GET A LIFE, let the President do his job!!!
Now what are you babbling about?
Dear Mr. President, I support you.  I would like to see you stop posting on twitter about everything the media says.
just think of the phony allegations against Hill by her political opp. You didn't have anything to do with that did you???
@lesandavis18
You are such a fraud!!!
Just like the Trump u case that you were going "to win big" and settled for $25million LOL

真是推特治国啊
buckle up america, it's going to get rough...
- seriously, can you tweet ANYTHING that is true?? Can't stand it.
@louis_aliot llh7jôoubnjg 0xfokl. Tyk?d
dude, you got peed on
please stop tweeting.  It reminds us how mentally ill you really are...
-- how about giving students or families a once in a lifetime experience to attend your inauguration in place of
lies like water rolls downhill
You are such a liar you should be ashamed of yourself
My my my ... isn't THAT a surprise. WE THE PEOPLE have known this all along - at least those who are not snow flakes.
afraid of being killed is more like it! Tip of his field!
there are death threats. Russia kills people they don't like. Do u kill people with ur words?
Your name is Tweeting Trump Sued hahaha
makes sense
YUP!  AND THE PRESS FOCUSES ON IT!
they will keep failing.
If Russia has something on you, do us all a favor and get out now. Don't put the country in jeopardy.
my man you dont have to sue youre wprth 3.7 bill
Its all lie media we all know..
THERE NEEDS TO BE NEW LAWS FOR SPREADING FAKE NEWS.  LET'S GET SOME NEW REGULATIONS MADE UP AND PROOF OF RELIGION WHEN YOU
you know if it weren't for Reagan Fox News wouldn't be around, so I guess you're right!
Again, more lies from #LyingTrump! He's the biggest Baby the Nation's ever seen!!! SAD!
@MIKE_PENCE DT:lv thr shit alone-not gonna stop4next 8yrs=ignoreBUT FIGHT&twitter WayOK.JustCLEAR&re-focus.MoveFast&CLEAN!
You should have done enough suing for  a lifetime. You do not need the money anymore.
#faketweets
remains to be seen what's true or not.. Worried?
you mean crucified by you and Putin
You are POTUS!!! Please Act like it!! You are worse than a high school teenager with your drama.#GetItToether
Republicans started the ivestigation cant you get any facts right
so   the   world is out  to get you  because  every  country has  made fun of you .
fake president
Poor looser's
someone take away his phone.
Why are your tweets all about you and not this country?@realDonaldTrump
oh Donnie . . . You know what you did you naughty boy!!!
Sir, real Americans knew this from the start
i
Tell them all mr president..your fired..the one and only leader with heart always.president trump
Yep
