automobile production cost??$$
@realDonaldTrump Congratulations
is poster boy for Narcissistic Personality Disorder
Add a Borderline Personality & it's the total picture

http://pleasecutthecrap.com/obama-accomplishments/ … http://the-donald.com 
Funny
LET'S SEE IT FIRST.  ARE YOU TAKING CREDIT FOR THOSE JOBS ALREADY IN PLACE?
That's funny.
I am very concerned about our country. He is not president material. He's not consistent with his actions..very immature.
I am so impressed with what you are doing. Proud to be one of your supporters.
Those jobs at Carrier that you "saved" have all been terminated or moved to Mexico. FAIL!
I think you are doing a great job.keep up the great work.
funny
you won't get credit. Obama takes credit for good stuff & blames for bad. But people with brains know! Thank you Mr pres!
yes
You aren't bringing them back.
@Love_The_Donald president Trump make Detroit great again when I was a kid it was the Envy of the country
Uh oh news today "DESPITE TRUMP…FORD AND GM MOVE AHEAD WITH DOMESTIC JOB CUTS…" you've been played again
you have not made any jobs stop lying and stop taking credit for everything
we demand to see your tax returns!
I don't care about your tax returns, just end NAFTA. Don't get distracted.
his tax returns could lay his affiliation with Putin to rest, you should care about them
so what. I don't care. Nafta, ending obamacare, control immigration is all that matters to me.
you should care.  Evertime you forgive a lie you give him permission to do it again.  #accountability
If it takes Putin to end Nafta, obamacare, illegal immigration, I'm w/ Putin.
traitor
Served my country, earned the right to my opinions. Sad u see diff opinion as traitor. Liberals?
This all happened during the Obama administration, nothing to do with liar Trump. #pantsonfire
The comedy world/comedians sure will prosper w/u in office.Lots of material. Damn where's Letterman...He have field day w/u
you would have gained ppl if you put credit when credit is due OBAMA saved the auto industry and those jobs were here Aug
Does it ever give you a moment's pause that your lies are being easily disproved?  Please stop embarrassing America.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
Enough already!
do you actually believe your own lies?
the very jobs you claim victory over the same companies are denying your influence over their decisions. Hmmmm
please make sure the local companies build better engines and cars than today.  I.e. no more throw away engines
lies.. all the companies stated it was not you.. plans on Pres. Obama watch!! See CBS News or company releases..
How is there enough room for both you and your ego?
Bloomington Il has a Toyota plant sitting idle be good fit for GM or Ford central located for auto manufactoring
you are F'ing delusional!!! Do you know what that means??
what' up with your approval ratings Donald????.  Going in wrong direction.......
HOLLYWOOD &LIBERAL MEDIA MAKE MUTI MILLIONS BUT COMPLAIN ABOUT CAPITALISM??THATS CRAZY!Give up your contracts then 
such bullshit.  Most of them were already inplace before you became pres elect again liar , liar, liar
Oh wait, how disrespectful of me.  President elect Putz.
-Fake news!
stop taking credit for things you didn't do
stop taking credit for the hard work of others.
Trump sucks I hope he gets kicked out he's a joke of our 45 presidents..
you are not president yet you'll  start it from Friday Don't take credit you have 4 years if you stay in the office 4 years
you haven't done anything yet!  Why keep lying? Bring your companies jobs back and maybe you will look like you really are.
Here's 20 cents, call all your friends and give me back the change.
and Ford and GM and Fiat Chrysler you had nothing to do with those jobs it was negotiations with the UAW !
Your ego is beyond belief!
THANK YOU PRESIDENT OBAMA
About as sharp as a shoelace
Your head is so big you have to step into your shirts
 Your lips keep moving but all I hear is “Blah, blah, blah.”
don't forget you losing 3 million jobs! Yes, you are destroying 3 million jobs. Not a good start
1700 jobs?
I thank you for bringing jobs back to the us!!
FAKE PRESIDENT
Jesus, dude.
total bunch of idiots!!!!! On this twitter
can win with the Dems, oh wait, you did.  USA needs you. Don't let us down.
Just keep the good times rolling. The Health care needs to be settled soon.
That's chicken feed. Get into offering CEO and then create a substantial number of jobs.
not bmw lol they will open another factory en MEXICO
Nice try Trumpass. They already had plans to bring back jobs.
I am a true American and very proud of it. I'm very proud that in short order I will have a new president thank you PEOTUS
When will your clothing line manufacturing jobs be coming back to America? Hmm?

I’d slap you but I don’t want to make your face look any better.
- thank you
.....I really think somthing smells here. You have a president who can't get loans from banks in the U.S. who takes loans..

You’re not stupid; you just have bad luck when thinking.
When will you be making your  middle quality  clothes in the US?
Delusional
u r so full of it...& what's sad is some folks believe u
If we do not have auto plants in other parts of the world, we won't be able to sell them there. They will be too expensive.
WHY NOT ASK PAUL RYAN ABOUT THE EMPTY GM PLANT RIGHT IN HIS HOMETOWN?
your self grandiosity is nauseating. Pls try to act presidential. Let others give you credit when, and if, you deserve it.
there goes all the hard work Obama has been doing for the environment #RIPEARTH
Ignore the LOOSERS, Mr Precedent, they don't know how Histry works. thank you for killing bin laden and your moon landing
I wish we could all live in your false reality where everything is our doing and everything bad is someone else's fault.
You're not personally bringing jobs back This is not you're doing...give credit where credit is due #factsmatter
You have done nothing. But play with Putin.
Dems & Reps so disbelieve with your actions. You never brought jobs to America stop fooling yourself. Be A Man  confront your wrong doing.
Soooo true
If you can top 15 million (Obama) sustainable jobs be my guest. These ridiculous hundreds for the camera jobs are a joke.
Your head is so big you have to step into your shirts
@OJnaitis
I call Bullshit!
So how come GM is laying off 2000 people in honor or your coronation day?
I’d like to see things from your point of view, but I can’t seem to get my head that far up your ass.
those things had already been planned in 2015. STOP taking credit for stuff YOU did not do! Did you invent the wheel too?


TELL OPRAH SHE ELECTED OBAMA SHE CAN PAY THE 100 MILLION PEOPLE OUT OF WORK FOR HIS LOUSEY JOB
those who show up for your inauguration. They should be surprised with a year end bonus. Wish I could be there.
thanks obama!
A list of words you might want to learn along with their definitions. Lie, boast, ego, psychopath, embellish and immature.
What jobs?
NO lazy person should be punished with a job .How dare you expect people to pull their own weight in a free society?
Be Bold Always.
#FakeTweets Here's a real story for you.naked Drumpf statues going to be bobbleheads.  http://reviewjr.nl/2iNoz3M 
@ a very expensive price base on the the tax breaks the companies recieves to stay. We are starting off with NO PROFIT, WHY
if you wanted to bring jobs back to the US, you wouldn't have made your products overseas.
you haven't brought shit back u r not even in office yet.
racist
what 800 jobs that cost us 7 million?? Oh boy that was great. Ford was never leaving either. So where are the rest? WRONG
Thankyou DT for caring for us the average American
I took my company public and created 2700 jobs in 1 year.  Not really but because I tweeted it must be true. Your welcome
@jrSPATTECO including your own
YOU'VE DONE NOTHING!  Except THREATEN PUNISHMENT. What About YOUR OVERSEAS WORKERS, CHINA STEEL, ILLEGIAL ALLIAN WORKERS?
You must have been born on a highway, because that's where most accidents happen.
Oh! By the way. If you want one ounce of respect.. Show us the real Tax's.. No fake empty folders
People will believe he is bringing jobs back. The fact is the changes are excuses to stop the commitments. Lower gas prices
You couldn't hit water if you fell out of a boat
Millions of dollars in corporate handouts is a strong motivation. Stealing from taxpayers to help your buddies. @TIMENOUT
liberals staying quite.No press from the Media of the thousands of jobs bringing to America ! Keep tweeting America theNews
OH sugar, jobs are back because of OBAMA. NOT YOU.
you're not bringing these jobs then they were already here and they were already in play before you
when protests turn into riots that's wrong and law and order should b respected also blocking streets us not lawful
My mother was more of a man then you.
how about our tax returns puppet?
you mean the jobs that were planned before you even were nominated?
reach Obama's record and then will talk
You are the most hated person in history
why are you taking credit for things that you had nothing to do with. You cannot stop telling your lies you are a traitor
You are in denial!
You brought zero. Those were done deals. Stop bragging & taking credit that you don't deserve. Do something good. Resign.
Have2give @realDonaldTrump credit of noticing @AlecBaldwin is making him look like a #fool @ #SNL step2 is-noticing that is how he really is
liar, liar, pants on fire.  I have heard about people who believe they should get credit for all good things.
@calicrusader 
 
I love all you leftist liberals. I'm curious what you have done for our country, let's compare resumes shall we. You lose.
U LIE AGAIN. Taking credit for @POTUS work.
please keep our jobs from going to Mexico, Czech, and Taiwan. We at CTS Automotive Elkhart, IN will be losing our jobs '18.
LIAR! You haven't done squat, yet! What you and your cabinet picks will probably do in office terrifies me.
