@JudgeMoroz stay strong sir your are our POTUS and we are proud you're Willing to break the Washington political mold
Not proud ashamed of Trump and his lying tongue. This is a democracy he is not a king.
Yeah, but #Trump is STILL your President!!! 
The President, yes - but he's not my leader.
OK, you are free to follow anyone you choose to follow. And don't forget to vote whenever you have the privilege. 
I have. Every time since I was old enough :) - and always based on the person, not the party.
Sounds like the criteria that I utilize as well. I hope you have a great day!   Do you play bass guitar, by any chance?
I do! Along with guitar and piano. And I sing. But bass is my favorite. :)
@EntheosShines We love you President Trump. You are the POTUS who keeps promises & works hard for all Americans.
What the hell are you on about now, dotard?
How's about those thugs and looters from Pakistan who looted America since their could try came in existance
LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR

We have a president that thinks because people die and are still registered to vote that's voter fraud, lol
What scares me far more than the possibility of terrorist attacks is that there are people who actually believe you.
thanks for backing me up President Trump 
"Paid"? U bring ur own sycophants (Paid? On the clock? Family?)  to cheer for you. Watch "A Face in the Crowd" for insight.
@POTUS You or yor peeps or Steve's peeps paid them. Brilliant. Finally transparency of yor silly lead. Arnold4Prez!
the UC Berkeley protest was attended by 1500 people & was peaceful til someone disrupted it and turned things violent-No UC
#SecureTheBorder #DontDriveDrunk Be patient of other drivers, be prompt and work smart. #MAGA
no Mr. President we are not paid we just really think you're fucking up the country. We love our country and you're WOAT!!
same thing Hitler said. Have you been reading his book again
Yup they are a bunch of fucking punks i cant wait till they get whats coming to them.
I know, why would @stephenkbannon pay such people to make a scene like that? Everyone knows Milo is a douche! #fakeRiot
No - You are trying to MAKE AMERICA HATE AGAIN.  Stop the fearmongering.  We deserve better from you.
yes Donald..how much did your camp have to pay the masked protesters?  I'm curious...
Man who literally employs a human applause track wherever he goes.
it's time we kick ass again.  For far too long we have cowered under tables around the world.
You're (or should I say your) funny @realDonaldTrump think that they are paid when in fact we are all paying for your insecurity...
No one is getting paid. We all just really, really don't like you.
I'm an anarchist, a thug, or a paid protester? %99.9 of the people are just great Americans that don't feel represented WH
you pay people to clap for you
Now we immature people going to moon the world! Mercy, what spoiled brats, they all Need wake up calls back to reality!
Trump makes America stupid.
Paid?  LOL  No people really want to protest you deplorable abilities as President
but what about the 1.7 million additional people that saw through your fascist agenda and voted for Hillary?
GEORGE SOROS BEHIND MOST OF THE FUNDING FOR THESE DOMESTIC TERRORISTS. PUT OUT A WARRANT FOR HIS ARREST LIKE PUTIN DID.
amen
liar liar.
All are seeing the true liberal, full of hate and violence.
@POTUS get Real!
information is that it is being reported as right republican thugs??
.@realDonaldTrump Yeah these thugs look terrifying https://twitter.com/agolis/status/827514074271535104 …
wow, paid protesters are using child labor now, sad!
Trump hired extras from casting agencies 2 fill seats at his inauguration. I assume they were paid?
those hired at Pressers were promised $50.00
LOG OFF and go home, fool.
grass roots resistance people are not paid. Coming to end your presidency by legal resistance.
Where's my check?

There weren't 66 million st UC-Berkeley's protest @realDonaldTrump. But, there were 66 mil who voted against you; 2.8 mil more than you got!
pop vote doesn't matter you libs need to get that through your head and half the eligible voters didn't even vote
as long as he keeps doing what hes doing then we're fine. Pop vote didn't matter this time and wont matter in 2020 when he wins
and as long as thats all you libs worry about we'll keep winning
.@realDonaldTrump Honey this whole thing is a paranoid fantasy and "professional anarchist" is a very silly invention.
Professional anarchist? That's pretty good. I never heard of that. But if there's an opening I'd love to apply!
as a Professor Ⓐnarchist - you have to come to my school first.
Do you have a degree program or is it a trade certificate type program?
it's on par with a MCSE
I'll sheriff you into the position.
I'm moving to CA in March so I'll be in the area then.
