What inappropriate remarks did you make to THESE children?I can't bear to listen to you so CNN will have to tell me
Come out of the closet Donalia Corruptus
Great speech!! #MAGA
Old Chicago Mafia Gangster Style,OBAMA+Democrats+Bush's+Hillary+Media+Soros+Amazon+Mueller+MicroSoft+KOCH,SET UP #TRUMP For Impeachment
They need to keep you away from small children.
I wouldn't want my kids anywhere near you.
If anybody was fiddling kids in a pizza parlour, it's more likely to be Donald Trump. #PrezLoser
Please stop poisoning the minds of these poor kids
Those kids should have lined up and taken turns kicking you in your tiny balls.
Hi look mee
release the pee tape
And his taxes
Скоро
What an Awesome Day for them!!

Barf.
Recruiting more kids to the following?
Something Freudian about your need to sell yourself to young boys and girls group ... very worrisome!
Do they know you like to intrude into the girls' dressing room during the beauty pageants? I wouldn't trust you with a young person.


Did you give another ranting campaign speech?
@POTUS, My 6yr daughter Mercy prayed every day from August 2016 for your victory. Her  brother 8yr sat the whole night till it was announced
Every Liberal today
Liberals are so confused
Overnight Liberals all became Military experts today. Incredible!
Let's go Build the Wall!!!
The Left and CNN are in full meltdown today!
Leakers are getting fired, about damn time!!! Give them hell @Scaramucci!!
List of Republican traitors who voted against Full Repeal
Grab any pussies today, pedo?
Ewwwwww! The one who always smelled like pee! 
Soap in general seemed to be optional. Oh, and they always owned a ton of animals. Ferrets and birds. 
You needed to be at least, civil, to this group and I can't believe you pulled it off.  THIS DOESN'T UNDO YOUR B.S. SPEECH TO THE BOY SCOUTS
Wasn't quite as bad as your floppy speech with the BSA, COMRADE!!
Look at all those people. They hate you Dylan
Stop trying to indoctrinate our children! Too bad none of your so-called "friends" will cover for your worthless carcass any more
Transphobe.
It's not a phobia. He's not scared of these people. You're using the wrong word.
Phobia doesn't necessarily mean scared. You're misunderstanding the meaning. It's the correct usage.
It's not tho
It really is. Go look it up. It means a dislike, aversion or fear. There's different levels of phobia. It's not just cut and dry.
Jesus dude Merriam Webster full definition is fear. I know language is being destroyed/bastardized but I'm talking true meaning. misused
MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN! 
No more girls in the Boy Scouts!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
And go follow @realDonaldTumpr 
Sorry, won't do it.  But I know you'll follow him into hell.  Good.

you are a joke to humanity to America and to the young people of their nation
You are a joke to your wife to your kids and to everyone around you.
Your life is about to change in a major way.

Ready for prison!!!
In a cell full of Mexican transgender soldiers
I am jealous they got to see you! What an honor.
We LOVE our President! A true patriot.
"Russia Russia Russia, Racism, sexism, xenophobia!"

The criticisms of the Left are all based within neo-identity politics.
Since now most people simply identify as American male, or American female, the Left grows weaker by the day.
We took away their greatest strength. You are only oppressed in America if you allow yourself to be, more people see that now.
Right on Brother Cali
The election of Trump revealed the lefts true love of this Country
You bots are so Looney
Another embarrassing moment for the country
Stop corrupting the youth of this country. You should fire sessions and then resign. That would be extremely presidential!!
I would ask you the same.  Stop hindering a good president!
Who would that be? We have no good president now.
we have no president now
We have a President that wants to do to respect the will of the people. What a disrespectful comment to make!
Stay on your knees then. I suggest investing in knee pads.
You're an idiot. It's official.
We  trans
You are an awful role model for the youth of our country and the world!!
Poisoning our youth.  Isn't that a crime? What a colossal embarrassment you've become, sir.
i think his speech to Boy Scouts was child abuse.  
Powerful allegation…but I would have to agree.  Sad.
Thats not tr ue Lanolin
Stop trying to indoctrinate our young. What's wrong with you? Every action you take undermines our country. Last them be...
Sorry you are a lying toddler. NOTHING you say is worth my time. The real POTUS Obama is the greatest ever& you can't even reach his shoes
there was only 30,000 and it was a captive audience not a rally to see you. Parents are also mad you turned it political
It's Amazing what Obama did for our country. He focused on draining our money out of America that mostly helped criminals and killers
TRUMP WAS SO DISGRACEFUL that Scouts apologized for the "President" speech at Jamboree.
Thanks for ruining the youth of America you turd ball

Did you give them a campaign speech like the Boy Scouts?
Disgusting!
Hope you didn't swear at them like u did at Boy Scouts
Thanks for coming
You continue to be an embarrassment to US. You should never be allowed to be near children. #Trumprussia
What about queer 
What story did uncle Donnie tell today, I wonder. Something light, as in; "Johnny got a burning cross" perhaps?
Just wondering why we NEVER see pics of you and your son together..doing anything..anytime..you could spend your Twitter time with him..
stop autism
Mr President,  glad to see the young ones at the White House.  How did you turn the speech to be all about you?
Awesome President Trump as usual
Did you hit on any of those young girls #SCROTUS ? Degenerate in chief.
they hate you

You scared those poor children to death. Trump, you think you have a million dollar head but you only have a 10 cent brain.
@TuckerCarlson Kissel-like W St. J: wrong on AG since AG knew there was no collusion and >Rosenstein>Comey>Mueller>Obama/Hillary attorneys.
Apparently they didn't think it was so great...that apology and all.  Sad.
And yet you ignored a question from the audience.
The future of our great nation lies in their hands. Duty Honor Country God bless these young people MAGA Sam 2
I hope you told them how great you are, pfft
Yuck
Did u tell them about the cutting budget for  education ? And if 1 of them decide to be on  LGBT comunity they can't serve their country ?
Says won't talk about politics talks about healthcare reforms
You are a global embarrassment!!  #resignnow
Did you swear at them like you did at the Scouts speech? So shameful!
Like kids dont you? Can you bully them.
Hope you gave them your full,motivational campaign speech!  That always goes over so well with kids.....
Are these Nazi kids?
Congrats on being first president that the boyscouts had to issue an apology for. #FakePresident
Liberals say what...
You are a danger to children and should not be anywhere near them
A picture none of them will ever show to anyone unlike Bill Clinton-Winner. Probably laughing at fake President.
Did they get to meet the Russian Ambassador too? #sad #FakePresident
Yeah and they apologized to the scouts because of your ridiculous improper speech..my left nut is more presidential than you are.
You're awesome & we LOVE you.Thank You for standing for GOD. We've needed a good man like you so Thank you My President Good job keep it up.
I'm sure u can't wait for them to earn their Misogyny badge, Bigotry badge, Homophobe badge & Grifter badge.These seem to be your favourites
congratulations

I hope you got to reminisce about the election
Brag is the accurate description. As he tells it, he won by a landslide when you eliminate all those bogus votes. The word is annihilated.
Did you tell them a story about a guy and his yacht?
Did you tell the boys that it's cool to grab the girls pussy? Just like the president does!
#prevaricator
I was a memeber of Texas Boys State 2017 and no matter if i disagree with you on anything or not you're still my president #MakeAmericaGreat
... NOTHING!!! Trump demands loyalty, But loyalty to Trump is only a one way street...
Can't wait to get them connected with Epstein can you?
First the Boy Scouts, and now Boys and Girls Nation, No Art Linkletter here....only a fool....Lock Him Up, Lock Him Up, Lock Him Up.
You should not be allowed near children. #TrumpRussia #impeachTrump
They just announced how embarrassed they are about your nasty and unpresidential speech. You sounded like a summon to nazi youth. Horrible
Did you tell them any raunchy stories about your friends? That went over so well last time.
WATCH- Dave (real name) @ShepNewsTeam of @MSNBC 'take shot' @POTUS whn interrupted by rude woman. #TimeAndPlace4Everything!
Did you turn it into a campaign rally again?  After all, you have no clue how to talk to kids.
Sorry to the boys and girls club but this keeps you from tweeting fake news
did you grab the girls by their pussy?
You are a National/International Embarrassment and Security Threat #ImpeachTrumpNow #ImpeachPenceToo #LockThemAllUp #TraitorTrump
I heard this was 39 min long not a minute and 47 seconds of what I can't hear.
Your new little brown shirt recruits?
When are you going to welcome the transgender servicemen to the WH who you claim are. It fit to serve....hear their voices yourself!


"The Boy Scouts of America is wholly non-partisan and does not promote any one political position, candidate or philosophy....

Why do you like meeting with children so much
Eerily reminds me of Hitler's youth recruits in Nazi Germany... youths get together and cheer for the sake of cheering
I have compared him to Hitler because of how he has gotten citizens to follow horrible ideas
How do parents send their kids to see this sexual assaulter.  This is the guy who bragged about grabbing p***y.  I blame the parents.
If it was an honor you should have been honorable.
Rep 4 Boy Scouts issued apology for your bizarre political rally speech. U can't go 1 day without making a mockery of yourself. SAD
Great do-over, you awful hack. You've done more over the past 6 months to debase the office of the president than anyone imagined possible.
My advice: stay away from kids
They all hate you.
How can you get honor when you have none? This is your version of the Hitler youth. Rename the scouts Trump's Youth your such a putz
Your speech was inappropriate & disgusting.
Did you brag about your conquests?
Did you tell the boys and girls how the Boy Scouts had to apologize for you?
pity
You are no role model: lying, mocking disabled individuals, wife cheating, business cheat, & sex abuse are no models for children. SHAME!
I wish you understood any of this. But you're just not that smart.
Did you brown shirt speech them too?



#ProtectTransTroops 
Poor kids. Having to listen to you. Probably needed to hand out the anti-emetics!
Did you make them boo Mother Theresa or anyone else, just to try to make you look better?  (You failed)

Planned Parenthood To Toddlers: ‘Some Girls Have Penises’ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6oYrwcA8KdA … 
Did you welcome them like you did the Boy Scouts and give another lame, pathetic speech about how great you 'think' you are? Sad. Sad. Sad.
Sir, will u be getting rid of common core? I hope so. I worry about our children and how the education system is working against them. #MAGA
@POTUS  did this! Trump asked kids on the south lawn: "Are you really happy to  be here? Is anybody upset that you are here?" Good grief!
You shamed the nation!  #resign
This was like a film of  the Hitler youth. Did you threaten them beforehand if they didn't cooperate?
you have to be impeached crazy head! #ImpeachTrump #impeach45 #NotMyPresident
I hope you did a better job with this talk than you did with the Boy Scouts. That "talk" was an egotistical speech - not about values!

Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
Idiot
You shouldn't be allowed around kids.
Did u make them BOO Hillary Clinton and the NEWS MEDIA? And tell them how u won the college election? SAD
#FakeNews #FakePresident Congratulations to the kids, who had the nerve to question you! --- and you didn't have the courtesy to respond!
They were embarrassed by your speech. As we all were.
CONGRATS...THINK THIS IS THE BIGLIEST CROWD YOU HAVE HAD SO FAR! TOO BAD THEY ARE TOO YOUNG TO REALIZE WHAT A PIECE OF CRAP YOU ARE!!
Stupid CNN is fake news again. CNN twisted words and created a crisis.
I don't recall the Boy scouts ever having to issue an apology because of Obama or (any other POTUS) except for you.
#youidiot
Oh yes to all the boys and girls except the transgender ones

Another Nuremberg rally?
Deplorable.
Stay away from the kids. You are a horrible role model. 
OMG even boys n girls clubs want you to be president  ehhh
