If you build the wall, we will tear it down.
How do you tear down 20ft of hardened concrete fused with steel? That'll take a while.
Haven't you heard? It's not going to be a wall after all - just a fence. You actually believed him?
Well the official executive order signed by the president was for the WALL. Not fence.
He's not a dictator. It has to be funded by congress.
And Congress is majority Republican so....
It won't be funded because the GOP hates to spend money for anything except the military.
That's a lie. We're gonna be building the wall soon.
.@realDonaldTrump You want to make sure you don't fall off that wall. You know what happened to Humpty Dumpty!
:D :D #TrumptyDumpty
 xx
President Trump is trying to keep America safe. The Democrats are trying to destroy America.
you need a nap
@Pret 2nd time I've eaten meat thinking it was vegetarian due to incorrect labelling. Manager's response what do you want me to do about it?
We're incredibly sorry, Lloyd. This isn't right. Our Customer Service Team Leader is going to be in touch with you today.
I would love to finance a wall myself if you would agree. To erect one around TRUMP Tower and BRICK YOU IN UNABLE TO LEAVE
CHINGA TU PUTA MADRE.
#BringBackOurInternet #FreeSouthernCameroons #FreeAllArrested #FreeNkongho #FreeMancho #FreeAyah #FreeFontem
stop wasting money and time. Climate change is where our focus needs to be. Now... period!
we don't need a wall donald. We need a real president and it's not you.
We need to put Pence in there too - and the USA and the world will be safe.
Donald trump don't take away health insurance.
A man so preoccupied with TV ratings should take a cue from cable darling Fixer Upper: Americans HATE walls
It's been needed for so long. I can't believe it took THIS LONG!
TY, President Trump! #NoAmnesty
I like this concept here↓
Lol. Right - well, I WISH what you said were true.
#NoAmnesty #BuildTheWall
If you were smart enough you'd know that you don't need to spend Billions of USD in a wall to restrict illegal immigation
bufé
Te amo flaca hermosa
te amo mucho mas guapísimo mio !

with Mexico's money?

do we need a wall anymore tho? I feel like u being the president is enough to keep anyone from wanting to enter the country
Please provide security to the children in the womb.
I would like to be apart of helping America to stay safe and great again by volunteering my time to help build the wall

What will be the hourly wage of wall builders??

“@realDonaldTrump: Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things, we will build the wall!” Calla pendej@#%*
your Awesome
why don't you just build a box around yourself?

come on now lol a wall? you sound like a scared boy. Buy a billion dollars worth of legos and build it yourself. 
With what money USA is more bankrupt than Mexico
This means you Donald, leave!  #theResistanse

WE will not pay for your wall... pay for it yourself... FRAUD.... LIAR...
When can I send in my CV for position Lord Commander of the Night Watch boss?
Vous ne perdez pas de temps! Il y a des décisions qui ne peuvent pas être reportées au lendemain...
J'ai souvent eu de la difficulté à prévoir les conséquences de mes actions!
mais contrairement à Descartes, je me suis dit qu'il n'était pas possible que je me trompe toujours!
FUCKHOLE!
we don't need a wall. No one wants to come here now that you're in the White House. Is the wall to keep Americans in?
PLEASE resign ur destroying our U.S! Take the money and run and let our national parks, wildlife and air alone! So u can't jog down air Force one like OBAMA, it's Ok! Go golfing!!! LoL
Bridges, not walls, prune - face.
Each state law makers should enforce the law or lose all funding.
: please do not raise taxes to build a wall or for anything else. Thank about using Drones, Satellites and the Computer.
There are cheaper and more useful solutions than a wall - believe me.  Shift troops to border bases, no live fire patrols
Not on my dime. #notmypresident
the new alisser thorne
in one day?
please get a heart attack please for the love of God die
We need the wall in Texas and extra agents, Drugs & Illegals very bad here. Thank You !! #MAGA 
@TRobMacho go Trump
Let's make this fair and deport all who weren't here when the country was made not just Mexicans.
Thank you for all your doing, any plans to address Islamist compunds?
smh
no you won't and Mexico won't pay
, any chance your policies will reduce welfare spending by denying benefits to illegal immigrants?
They should build a wall around you.
YES! Thank you for staying the course!
go thru DHS and REMOVE the MUSLIMS who are in the MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD that OBAMA & Jeh Johnson HIRED @POTUS
all of Trump's political decisions seem to come out of a South Park episode. It'd be hilarious if it wasn't real
This is unAmerican!
I hope Mexico won't pay for it because it's your decision. So your money.
Could you concentrate more on issues that actually matter like free health care and gun laws rather than this goddamn wall!
If I had said what Madonna said, I would be in jail. Why is nobody doing anything about it. Just like Hillary not in jail
:Its a tuff road ahead,slow down some,rethik, plans, strategies,go easy on the children,that are here already...
Pretty sure by the time you're done, we'll need the wall to keep Americans in
interesting how Saudi Arabia is not in the list of countries you put immigration restriction.  Perhaps you forgot 9/11
who are not from your social standing makes it hard to understand humanity . a wall is not the answer 
Build the wall President Trump 
If you really want that fucking wall, why don't you pay for it yourself? Mexico won't pay for it, and neither will we.
Okay but there are already walls there, not to mention the fact that this shitshow will cost billions of $.
but flint still doesn't have water....
We don't want your wall. #buildbridgesnotwalls
can't totally get rid of illegals getting in.. but certainly will slow.them down. !
A 50 ft wall, takes a 51 ft ladder. Waste of what WILL BE tax payers $$$$. Don't be fooled, we will be paying 4 the wall!
Whatever. The wall will still be a smaller architectural feat than your hair. #eighthwonder
This is an Offense against humanity. BUILD peace and unity with our neighbors, not walls.
I definitely understand the mindset of building a wall but if the wall is fifteen feet the ladder is seventeen feet
ha like thats gonna happen 바보
AND Guess WHO WILL PAY FOR IT-my taxes!
. Usa. Pay. For. The. Muur.. Product. Wil. Go. Up. In. Price!!  Donald. Never. Tel. Tru. Ting
Here's how Mexico pays for that wall. Any illegal who works 2 years on the wall earns their citizenship. Free labor. Done.
When you build that wall make sure you're on the other side.
WE don't want the wall.  Mexico doesn't want the wall. Don't spend billions just to prove a point to your crazy followers.
#resign #fuckfascism
i am 100 percent for you. I think you are upending our political system for the good.
fucking resign.
lock it down
Thats my prez!!
I won't be surprise if the wall is the only achievement of your tenure as America's president.
Build THIS wall! #MAGA
please pay for it yourself. I work too hard for my small paycheck.
we can strengthen our borders without a physical wall. Create jobs via boarder security personnel.
hey I believe we have a $60 million dollar trade deficit with Mexico. Let's take that money back and build that wall!
. Is going to be as high and mighty as your ego and penis?
@WhiteHouse hey Trump why don't you use swarm drones on the border's to spot illegals?
. Finally building this wall. Starting to like this guy
it's funny how dump you are.
This is a waste of money. There are so many other things you could do to make America great again. This is not the answer.
all in all you're just another brick in the wall
should not everyday be a big day on NATIONAL SECURITY for you? Or does it only concern you when there is a meeting?
What a phenomenal waste of money. No wonder you've gone bankrupt so many times.
Here's an idea: You're a billionaire, right? Why don't YOU pay for the wall? Mexico's gonna pay you back, right?
Thank you President Trump
Sink the ship you f...moroon!!
hey man
please just build one around yourself? Much better for the rest of us. Btw torture isnt reliable and climate change is real
That wall is so important. We will finally have some control over our country & can start cleaning up this horrific mess.
What a waste of money.
??
Deport all who's ancestral leniage doesn't go back to the signing of the declaration of Independence.
.@realDonaldTrump Put some goddamn respect on my name bitch; #5 of Here We Go. Let's go @chrismcgaughey over @Anjjjj_Lombo
And via the import duties the American consumer will eventually be paying for it. Wow....
thats an asinine statement from you..
 tax payers pay for just about everything...
But that's the part he's not telling anyone. And that is at least sinister.
Thank you Pres.Trump, You are doing what you said you would, man of his word !!
leader of the idiots
worry about you own Country,mind you business
ur country is a bigger joke than ours
Do not care what you think, move along !! Dont gave time for mindless drible
that's all u lot are 
seems you are loser
What’s up Donald Trump?

You are very ompulsive scares me
Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things, we will build the wall!...
I think you should spend as much money as it costs to make sure noone should be able to climb or crawl under it.Also the tunnels cartels use
U did great at UN today!
I think u need to fire Robert mueller !!he got dem all over him. Making things looking real bad. Ur former campaign personnel
. Ass
Being president is not the sane as being a leader of a company
they need to build a wall around you mister president
Idiotic

What, tomorrow?
Don't forget a weekly National Lottery,include Mexico.to pay for the Wall.Make it simple 4 of 44,with more winners of 50/50
LETS GOO
Mr. President please do not place liberman for the FBI, he is a creep, liar and croolk.
crazy ,it is the deeplist impression which he gives me.
We? No was the Mexico?
WHAT WALL？GREAT WALL？
Thank you
I just read your timeline & now I feel like I need to shower
, President Trump, you are a Godsend, a man of his word unlike the failures of the past which were all talk. Ty!
I want to see the jobs pick up in the steel industry. Especially in the power plant side. We need to get our power grid up

Sure with our money.& hungry stomachs.Another Berlin wall is all I see
member this?Goodtimes!Question@POTUS  collects mthly pay,end of year donates ,does this inc.interest,& investment profit?
We want you out of our country. You don't belong here. You are not an American.  Go back to where you came from
@JulesKrajewski .A big wall

‘I Over-exaggerated That Story’ Liar, liar, liar. Americans pants are on fire!http://www.msn.com/en-us/sports/olympics/ryan-lochte-speaks-for-first-time-since-rio-scandal-%E2%80%98i-over-exaggerated-that-story%E2%80%99/ar-BBvRrhc?li=BBnb7Kz … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
Could you extend that wall around the whole of US?
Get building with your own hands then President Fart.
only an idiot would think a wall would solve an immigration problem. But I keep forgetting idiots elected an idiot
why not create more jobs by hiring more border patrol, forget the wall
may you speak the words God give you tonight. Don't add your own! No one is wiser than Our Savior!
build a brick wall but with four sides & yourself inside. Ass
I suppose "Anything Qin Shi Huang can do, YOU can do better....  " @realDonaldTrump?
This reminds me of the movie "World War Z"... Are you sir conducting experiment of some sort???
keep on draining the swamp.
do double duty with military budget.  Blackhawk pilots need so many hours of flight, fly the borders and spot..just saying
Allow troops to train by patrolling borders, if you include Canada border all types of terrain covered.  Save on wall &
it seems Dem party still doesn't care about the people of this countryHow sad! Im with u and everything u r doing
So far, you're not doing very well.We knew you would fail, we just wanted you to fail on an epic scale for everyone to see.
