keep your eyes on pence
here's to eight years of American glory.. the eagle is wounded but is rising now like the Phoenix. What our founders want
.. Yes presido
#NoMandate
Congratulations President Trump
that's tough to do sitting in a golden shower all his life
*tower* I meant golden tower...
blah blah blah empty rhetoric!
Yes sir! MAGA!

Then put people in power who represent the concerns of the American people, not jus the billionaires.
don't look back your not going that way.
congratulations!!!
It should be, but, with you in office, it won't be. Not unless the "people" have money.
sorry I almost forgot, you have 1460D 23H 6M left to do something about that huge national debt. #TickTock
Yeah, we heard the speech. Still waiting for actual policy decisions and staffing the executive branch.
Well, I guess Vladimir Putin is a person. Good luck, America! You'll need it.
sure spoken from the man that said that only he can fix it!! Hypocrite
aptly spoken since you hijacked a party. #NotGOP #NotConservative
What truly matters is whether you can distort the truth and get away with it.
*corrupt white people. fixed it for you as I know you ran out of character Cheeto boy.
follow @republic
- ... of Goldman Sachs
@lacakagog and right now that means You calling the shots and filling the slots, Mr. President, so stay staying safe. #MAGA
Going from Barack Obama to Donald Trump is worse than when Batman went from Christian Bale to Ben Affleck.
it actually is a miracle. Finally the totalitarian devisive president is thrown out. And a real strong leader has come in.
this is going to be a long 4 years
your more than welcome to pack your shit and move out of our country! Trump IS your PRESIDENT! Get OVER it!
why would I leave bitch? I am going to sit back and watch w my popcorn 
nice words from such a phony lying individual -- you have to prove yourself -- before the other 53% believe you -- so sad
Dems were on full display, last night. It was very plain to see that they don't represent American interests.
remember these words. They will be held against you. I'm not famous and some of my old comments shame me.
it matters when one promotes intolerance and hate. It matters when one wants to take rights. It matters.
the people are outside protesting so go out and pay attention to the people
If it was controlled by the people, the person who won the popular vote would be President, but whatever.
your goal is for the WEALTHY to control govt and people.  DeVos doesn't know what's best as an example.  Rick Perry???Geez
very very congratulations
This says it all.
Wow, that's pretty evil. Maybe you should move somewhere else other then America. I promise we the people will not miss you.
I did, in a country where socialized healthcare means you can be treated at a hospital for free. Not here.
Nothing is free! Healthcare is not a right!
Eventually you get old, dude, or hurt. It's like Medicare or SS: you pay in to get paid later.
socialized med care rocks. No kid should be denied meds or doctor!
They're not & Trump had voiced that repeatedly
ah yeah, hard working parents should not have to decide btwn affording food/bills or doc
Your head is so big you have to step into your shirts
God bless you and your family, and give you wisdom and guidance.
million against you in DC
Thank You Deplorables!!! Trumps New Twitter account is: @POTUS Follow Trump there now.
but the people didnt want the pipeline and you signed for it to be built anyway. Thats contradictave of your tweet
You realize it was already like 95% completed under Obama, right?
Small crowd size. Sad!
How true. Lincolnesque.

they are killing themselves. ha
I've been lied to over 30 yrs by BOTH PARTIES
I only back GOP cause that's who YOU had to go with and they SEEM to like ya
But get this straight, America's a moral/ethical/law abiding country
NOT PERFECT
w/a fine Constitution that needs protecting!
#DrainTheSwamp that's killin it

This wisdom and patriotism is at the core of why we the people love @POTUS Donald J. Trump! #MAGA
#WeThePeople
Bigly joke ever!!!
Well said#MAGA
I wonder if #WomensMarchDC will again feature speaker Donna Hylton, who served 27 years for kidnapping a gay man and torturing him for days, including sodomizing him with a pole.
Congratulations to President Donald Trump! Wonderful speech! So grateful & proud to finally have a president 4 the People!
@angelfan1973 @realDonaldTrump you coming back now? we staved off the beta cucks the coast is clear
I think I have a pretty good idea why he left
time for the big pushback 
I'm sure the pussy grabbing trump scared them away
it's time to let go and get out of the basement
ppl who stereotype are always dumbasses. Lol
..@realDonaldTrump
Well said, Mr. President!!  MAGA
God Bless you President Trump
dems had 8 years to do what they are criticizing you for not doing trust me Sir the people know this All  of this is to distract from Obamagate
Hard to tell, is gov't being "controlled by the people" a "bad thing" #WeThePeople would like to know.
just in case you've never looked it up :-)
de·moc·ra·cy
dəˈmäkrəsē/
noun
a system of government by the whole population
last time I checked, we the people voted against Trump. Almost 3 million more of us...
Both parties are #corrupt. You're all corrupt in every way possible! I'm tired of it and soon you and the government WILL be controlled, by the people who burn it down and there will be a special presidential suite at #GTMO just for you. #uprising 
God chose you to MAGA @POTUS & those that pervert our land & laws will feel the heat on judgement day when justice is served here on earth or in heaven or both!
Amen a government for all American Citizens by and for the people 
AMEN!
Excellent Sir!
bingo!
And, to be specific, "the people" is defined as those who are legally able to vote.  No more, no less.
Daca to people’s vote! Let US decide
AMEN! I don’t know WHERE they get that 83% of us support illegals..it’s a LIE! 
83% OF US SAY NO AMNESTY...NO CITIZENSHIP! 
THEY CHEATED while thousands of LAW ABIDING IMMIGRANTS wait in LINE to do it RIGHT!
Wow, this tweet aged well. The people don't want a #TrumpShutdown - let the bipartisan efforts succeed. Congressional Republicans won't go with any deal you won't approve. Untie their hands.
Absolutely!
Well done !


The USA over political parties! #ProudIndependent #ShumerShutdown #AmericaFirst #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #PresidentTrump
#SchumerShutdown #ReleaseTheMemo
You lost by 3 million votes
still the president. Get over it. Stop counting illegals in CA. That's where she got the vote.
Our government is controlled by the Russian oligarchs who are funneling money to corrupt politicians to have their way.
I'm more worried that a grown adult has a profile picture of the President with a cat drawn on his face. You people will ultimately ruin the country before Russia ever will. Yes..... You people.
*whether our government is controlled by the REALLY, REALLY RICH people* fixed
better than the one who spent our money playing golf and vacations.DJT had done all that not desperate.
You mean all of them?
how is the government controlled by the people when you lost the popular vote? The majority of US doesn't want you as POTUS
our country is not based on majority. Learn your history.
obviously, that's how this dillhole became president. Still lost the popular vote.
.@realDonaldTrump I gotta commend KELLYANNE CONWAY for googling "MEANINGLESS CLICHES" and putting them in your #InaugurationDay speech.
another loser artist. Get a real job.
Former President Obama bids farewell #Inauguration
a great day in history 
the man who got out  of serving for his country. Coward.
https://www.google.co.uk/amp/www.deathandtaxesmag.com/271429/donald-trump-draft-dodger%3famp=1 …
So far you're behaving like Hitler.  You're proviking a rebellion against the government.  Leave!
Yo mama so fat wen she jumped in the ocean the whales started singing We Are Family.
We the People will not allow the gains we make to be striped away = that is why the Womens March is a MOVEMENT.
I am just glad to see that nobody believes in your lies at all. Make America great and trump industry out!
You’re such a beautiful, intelligent, wonderful person. Oh I’m sorry, I thought we were having a lying competition.
no, what truly matters is positive action, not empty promises. Anyone can say "it's all going to get better" Few deliver.
@GemMar333 If your able to do half of what you claim you will do you'll be a successful President!! 75%= greatest Pres ever
Well UK's Government where Labour & Tory's take turns to rule over us proves we the people dont control it.
And do you represent the people?
Right now it looks like it's controlled by your pathologically outrageous ego.
i had flat tire to see open house  i ask for claim to city of la canada (carl warren &company) they drop the situation
most of the people who voted didn't vote for you.  Your election was purely an anomaly.
I guess that's why you are putting all those billionaires in your cabinet positions?
and yet no mention of the millions of marchers today...odd
what REALLY, really matters is having a president who's not batahit crazy.
LET IT HAPPEN LITERALLY.
You're controlled by foreign governments. You're the puppet.
stop deciding against everything we've been trying to stand for
all your executive orders seem to try and take power away from the people
very tongue in cheek. maybe it should be THAT our government is controlled by the people.
Here's 20 cents, call all your friends and give me back the change.
you can talk the talk but the real question is can you walk the walk?
Constitution sounds good but democracy is called #SerpentRule where the ass of the serpent tells the Head/Brains what 2 do
CNN is not showing 1st press conference!
Thank you~But in order to Produce Results~Do what you claim to do best~Make Deals/Make it Happen~Actions Speak Louder 2-Us
Joke?
Right now THE PEOPLE are protesting you and your psychosis. We will oust you eventually. You are all that is wrong with US.
How much does your daughter cost?
The Russian People?
Amen!
I thought of you today. It reminded me to take the garbage out.
.@realDonaldTrump In Ireland Mr President Government is controlled by Unelected Eurocrats in Brussels + a Party Political Cartel at home!
In Russia you mean  #Putin the king maker
clearly it isn't controlled by us. This was a Russian coup.
You are the greatest accident mother nature has ever encountered
You care nothing about "truth".  https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/immediately-release-donald-trumps-full-tax-returns-all-information-needed-verify-emoluments-clause-compliance … #lockhimup
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
And it is not! It is now controlled by the Nazis!
For the sake of you and the country. Please close your tweeter account.
This one saying of him, no one can disagree.
your manner doesn't seem to empower people to feel as though you'll be uniting. Your own #Divisiveness will be your #defeat
Not case now. More people vote Dem than R but you became Pres & R's have Congressionl majorities. How will you change that?
Your mum's like a switch, even a two-year old can turn her on.
Someday you’ll go far… and I hope you stay there.
Too bad it's being controlled by billionaires and CEOs currently.
Why is it acceptable for you to be an idiot but not for me to point it out?
you are what scares us! You are not regular "people" - you and your family are fake! Bought and paid for in rubles!!
Your mother's teeth are so yellow, I cant believe it's not butter
says the man who just blocked the #usparks dept from tweeting & is dangerously toying with #freedomofspeech
Mr. Trump please don't forget the elderly who received hardly nothing on our Social Security raise. 
We may not have liked all he did but we kept working to make America the leader of the free world. You can count on us
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
The people had a message for him today. Hope he is listening to the people in control.
Yeah rich corrupt greedy Republican people. The rest of us are SOL who better be able 2 do construction oil field mining!
So if polls indicate that the People don't like a policy u propose, will you change it? Or claim the poll is fake?
Don't just listen to people who tell you what you want to hear...listen to the opposition
Contratulations President Trump- praying for a better country
It's been a long time since we've seen Help Wanted signs.  I wish you much success.  God bless you, your family & the USA
Not the Native REAL Americas huh?
then shouldn't you honor 'one person, one vote' instead of government controlled electoral college???
/#WE DONT KNOW IF MEATS FROM ANIMALS OR HUMANS! #SLOWLY KILLING US! #THIS IS ATTEMPTED MURDER/GENOCIDE! #LEGAL
you can't fool us man
Yes, but which people? Scary, authoritarian, thin-skinned people like you?
What's the difference between you and a brick? The brick gets laid.
I’d slap you but I don’t want to make your face look any better.
And goldman sachs,  yeah those billionaires.  we r so against u,  u will figure it out soon tht nothing u do will pass
what matters to we the people is the fact that our views are not being address the way they should be it is
If that was true, Hillary Clinton would be president.
Donald, got your back. The crap the left is pulling MUST STOP. If they want war, they're gonna get it.
so leave office then because you're not interested in hearing the people.
guessing the Russians control you then.. since you have no interest in what happens to your citizens.. only your "people"..
looks like the people lost when you took over.  Here comes trump dictatorship
That's totally true. So, what will you do to support the initiatives of the Women's March? #WomensMarchOnWashington
in an awkward position, I honestly do like trumps promises, but I don't trust him any further than I can throw him
You are already closing doors for the people by leveling attacks against the press. People deserve to know what you are doing.
"the people"? I think you misspelled Putin
We'll hold you to that.
as a people I want a cleaner environment, healthcare for all, and equal rights. Make it so el presidento!
then step down.  You have already shown you are not for all the people.  Just your Wall Street buds and Russian friends
Then you need to step down because you lost by almost 3 million votes.
You do not represent the people. You lost the popular vote. Millions marched against you. Tweeter in chief.
says the guy who wants to build a wall..
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
but not the majority of people, who voted against you, right?
You're still whining like a baby? Obama lost the popular vote to Hillary 8 years ago, why aren't you complaining about that
and people wanted Hillary... SO
Jan 20th?
Your teeth are so yellow traffic slows down when you smile
What REALLY matters is how much you listen and RESPECT all people.  You have made it disgustingly clear that you don't.
you are right too bad it is a you a narcissistic dictator
