SOMEONE else WROTE this SPEECH! TRUMP HAS BEEN RIPPING APART THE DEMOCRATS, DISCRIMINATORY TO OTHER RACES, EVEN GETTING SUED FOR IT AND LOST
TRUMP HAS told so MANY LIES since he started campaigning that we've lost track! He's a white collar CRIMINAL of WHITE TRASH quality!
#POTUS45=#Greatest #President #Ever #BreakingNews #MAGA
OBAMA use to speak like he was speaking to us FROM THE HEART, YOU speak like you're STRUGGLING to READ! YOU DIDN'T MEAN A WORD YOU SAID!
YOU make MEN look bad! Thank God I ALWAYS HAD STRONG MEN in my LIFE! YOU'RE A SUPERFICIAL, FAKE PRESIDENT, SELFISH, PIECE OF!ANTI!
You're stuck between a rock and a hard place. If north Korea bombs us, they'll blame you.
If you protect our country, they'll blame you.
The dems are totally anti American. They want control by big government and will buy  anybody they can.  Americans do not want socialism. Trump start america.
@realDonaldTrump
"I'm proud to have that German blood. There's no question about it...Great stuff." 

#No_thing2Say
We must remember this truth: No matter our color, creed, religion or political party, we are ALL AMERICANS FIRST. https:...
Uh Mexicans are rapists, Muslims are terrorists, blacks are murderers...
white supremacists and nazis are good ppl. Bugger off.
We have to remind people of Democrats lies & manipulations for their own selfish gain. Look what's it's already done to us. @FoxNews
such a bunch of bla bla
When will the @JusticeDeptm issue an arrest warrant for George Soros for his financing of Radical Left Wing Hate Groups & Their Violence??
Left wing hate groups? You mean alt right hate groups that carry torches & confederate flags, beat ppl with sticks & chant blood & soil.
Before being Democrats or Republicans, don't forget, we are all Americans! As Democrats and Republicans we fall divided. As Americans we stand United.
Reminder of the history here: the Russians have been the enemy of the US since the end of WWII, and the villian of most James Bond films.
Nazi Cow
Then DJT and his like should stop fueling the fire of discontent.
Amen!
How do you remember all your lies?
Amen, Mr. President, Amen!
Amen like Mandisa sings we all bleed the same color amen God be with us all God Bless the USA
Consumer cellular is turning of service in the state of Florida during hurricane irma can anyone help ...residents need their phones ...
#MAGA #BetterTogether #OneNation #OnePeople
Truth!
Haters, would have elected a real white supremacist woman hater if Trump hadn't kicked her ass, last November jackasses!!!

And I don't see none of us no matter how I ancestors got here standing down at the Docks trying to go to the Homeland. God bless Americans
.
Negative. I'm not American first until HR40 is passed.

Will you please sign and share this petition? Thank you!

https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/pass-hr40-begin-study-reparations-african-americans …
Awesome Trump! May the mighty hand of our Heavenly Father be upon you always!
YOU'RE NOT AMERICAN.  SHOW US YOUR TAX RETURNS TO PROVE IT!  #douchepresidenthaslittlepenis
Preach Equality. Not intolerance. Take responsibility and aid us in fixing it, instead of feeding into the conflict.
Then stop dividing us by promoting tolerance and compromise, instead of exploiting good citizens and taking away the rights.
Amen to that!
That's what the real battle is. Dems create false narratives 2 distract from truth:  This is Americans vs non-Americans. This is OUR country
Unless your Liberal!
WE ARE IN AMERICA WHERE WE HAVE HUMAN RIGHTS WE ARE ALL HUMAN BEINGS. LETS MAKE AMERICA LAWS WORK STOP CORRUPTION AND COVER UP
then we should stop talking about colored in races and different things like that and get on to what we have to do is no name or color race
The Indians suffer on the reservations. Are they Americans too?
How about you focus on being president and shut up on Twitter. Since you cant seem to keep your mouth shut and not CONSTANTLY stir crap up.
Except if you are Transgender or Hispanic, then you do not have full Constitutional rights according to Dear Great Leader Trump. Shameful!
Unless you are Latino black Muslim transgender or a woman!
Like
Then why do you keep bashing Democratics?






We love you
First the one speaking this crap needs to believe it.
and you are lader of americains
And could anyone nourish anger against another and expect healing from the Lord. Think of the commandments and hate not your neighbor.
You mean except Barack Hussein Obama?
Empty words. You do nothing but divide country at ur rallies where your only concern is for urself. Throw red meat 2base.
Amen
We are human beings first. Apart from Donald J Trump he is an ass hole.
#VenezuelaEsPuebloDePaz
Respeta nuestra Patria Querida, somos un Pais Libre e independiente
SomosPuebloHeroicoQueremos Paz
Shut up!!..
Unless you terrorize innocent people!
Wrong. We are all human first!
Yes, sir. As your predecessor Teddy Roosevelt said, "No hypenated Americans. Just Americans."
You dummies actually believe he reads your tweets of vomit? He only posts & goes just like me losers! He doesn't care what you comment. Duh!
Fake news
It was a beautiful message for EVERY AMERICAN!
Yes true, DonJon butt W3 will always have American ASSHOOOOOOOOOLES                                          ⁴-∆∆∆©®™
YOU BOTH ARE RACIST! DUMP SAID HIS TRUE FEELINGS NOT READING FROM A TELEPROMPTER. YOU MAY FOOL ALOT OF REPUBLICANS , CAUSE SOME R RACIST!
Very true
What the President said is true
Great speech PT!
That's what it used 2b &ought 2b,but it isn't!More than 1/2 the U.S. now believe in identity politics 1st,while @POTUS &others appease them!
.... AND SHOULD ACT LIKE SUCH!
Y sí!! Zapatero a su zapato y cada quien en su huacal !! Jajajajaja Americans First
@GovHowardDean this is not what a racist says! Stop spewing #FakeNews
Nazis are not Americans first
Native American here az  tribe,we need tribal funds. President George W. Bush gave us are moneys yearly .Obama gave us are moneys only"ONCE"
...unless you're a self serving sociopath who will lie about anything to grab power. Then you're a traitor.
Keep standing for truth and God you have surprised me in a positive way.
I prefer a much older credo: Duty, Honor, Country. In that order. W Shakespeare said "this above all things, to thine own self be true. "
All humans first

That's right!
@Origina7Man
No President would have said it better. Thank you President Trump
Too bad you don't truly believe that.
Finally an  American President in the white house who actually loves his country & works for the benefit of her people!!!!! 
Thats where your wrong POTUS..the koran is the government of muslims,your a convenient host...
YOU are the worst offender.  I wish you were not president. You are terrible.
Act better than words.. show us the way...
what does Trump do to support this statement? @JegErAlan
I am behind you Mr. Trump
It's too late to reverse your words! You have put us into a deep darkness!
So he can read after all. Hard to see the gun held as his head though.  Can you really not SEE when he's sincere and when not?! Come on!!
@POTUS The truth is we have a country full of people who hate USA but want to have the rights USA offers w/out allegiance.
AMEN
Sad,.. so sad!
Nice little "canned speech" somebody wrote for you, too bad your true beliefs came out before and after it!
... not ME.. until u or y'all  CHANGE the constitution.. I'm STILL a NIGGA.. THAT statement DON'T apply 2 Me .. lmao
We are all humans first!
OK we blaim orange boy
esp. NAZIS, right/?
Stay on point, this is a good message.  You speak the truth, but even Jesus said of His Disciples "you can't handle all the truth right now.
Lol!!!!!!!!!!
Mr. President I agree with you; the problem with America today is that the LEFT doesn't think that way. To them we are the enemy
How did this offend people ????
It's a shame you could not convince anyone you believed anything you were saying. #Resign
wow
@personwithvodka
WORLD react with economic crisis when disasters,terrorism,regardless who really starts,
Violence for political control,want media attention.
Hallelujah!
So TRUE! American, THEN other categories, other allegiances! Americans cannot be Muslims (mozlems!)
We support our President Trump 
I agree.  We are all 1 race - THE HUMAN RACE.  We are the UNITED STATES not Divided.  Stop the division.
He reads....but of script is his true self. ugh
I am a democrat.  I work.  I am 64.  Why do you call me your enemy?  Why do you call me a liar?  Aren't I an American too?
Are you really acting like that though? show and proof it!
Practice what you preach trumpy
Your remarks are a little too late.  We have lost confidence in you and your team .  Please do us a favor and resign !!
You sir, are a terrorist.
actually we are ALL earthlings first. "If u do it, do it right" #noracism
.... especially the white, male ones above all others, I can tell you that!

Sad, sad days in America.
Don the Con, choke on your own words.
I'm very agree with you
@HomunculusLoikm You  surrounded yourself with dems You need conservatives like DeMint,Monica Crowley,West,Clarke,Ingrahm
That's the truth!!
PM Modi2HangJudges https://mobile.twitter.com/Modi2HangJudges 
Right On President Trump!! With & Love you in Colorado!!
Yes. We must. Please. This is so simple. What's wrong with you
Shut up fake news
Maria Chappelle-Nadal is the poster democratic poster child for racist hate & bigotry....Maga
I believe in your integrity and know the truth of your statements. The media & Soros are trying to make pawns of us all.
As long as you're #white #Charlottesville
Says the son of an illegal immigrant.  Show us your dads' baby momma's papers.
Yes. We are Americans. All of us. Even you. Perhaps that might move you to do what is best for this country and resign. Take Pence with you.
Based on what you say it is difficult to believe you think AMERICANS FIRST.  You seem to be caught on Trump first.
*But if you disagree with me then you are the problem
Try practicing that. Thanks

The President of the United States is a known racist and nazi sympathizer #resist https://www.pscp.tv/w/bGTpRzFXZ0tnYWtidkd6RXZ8MVlxeG9tWEREcXZHdnRRU4fq1tW51jBOc2PbrXBMzmKiWCNASsYP1-Q0-Tld …
EXACTLY TRUE! Thank You, Sir.
Dear pres, please put God first...
Well stated.
jesus christ i thought you were talking about how muslims are a threat
No Don, the Nazis and kkk are criminal elements, they are not just another political party or point of view worthy of discourse.
Agreed why not condem the Neonazis and the KKK. And unite all Americans?
Please help the Asian Community in S. Philly- we are being attacked/robbed/threatened.  Happening for years!
The Federal Government and military in various areas are working against Policy and advocated foreign and illegal aliens such the Democrats
When are YOU going to join us Americans?
We love you Mr.President!! We know there isn't a racist bone in your body. We're with you now more than ever!
YOU ARE TRULY AN IDIOT!
No, we areGod's children first! And God is love! He did not create us to be a race.  We need to truly act like his children. One love!
After only 8 months,  you made the word AMERICAN so worthless.
Tell that to the anti American leftists ,obama ,soros & the antifa crowd! Drain the swamp NOW !
So yes as American brothers and sisters we need to care for one another, not hurt or hate.
Wow  major swings just like your self.  You have no idea what truth is.

The fact that you have to read this, is sad and frightening at the same time.
All statues come down. They remind of racism whether for or against. Civil rights failed in that era. Also it is against god. False idol. SC
