http://www.betterworldbooks.com  is much better choice direct from the american heartland..we need communities w book stores & libraries for families
Yes lets end the corporate facism that has sucked the wealth that used to be communities of American families straight out to Cayman Islands
Havent used it in 5 yrs and wont sell my books there either..customers think theyre saving money, but theyre selling out their local economy
Maybe local companies can deliver and advertise through free papers.
I DID NOT UNDERSTAND WHY WHOLE AMERICA GOVERNMENT SILENT THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT FOR SOCIETY EVERY STATE IS STARTING SUFFERING I BELIEVE MR TRUMP ONLY LOVES RICHEST WANTS PROMOTED THERE BUSINESS 2nd 3rd class GOTO HELL HE BELIEVES HE IS WORKING HARD FOR A NEW 4TH CLASS
This is the only time I have disagreed with my favorite President...I respectfully ask for data that proves his statements about AMAZON V/S USPS.
We are all being told the postal service retirement package is supposed to be a large contributor to the woes of USPS...
Oh, like Walmart hasn't done waaaaay worse, #PresiDumbass??? #WhatAboutWalmart?
Seriously? You criticize Amazon for being better at merchandising than its competition? So revealing. #ImpeachTrump
45 is afraid of AMAZON. He fears it's run by
An AMAZON.
@realDonaldTrump is intimidated by @JeffBezos who's intellect and business acumen easily eclipse his own. He copes by lashing out.
My shoe is more intelligent
Then 45. Everyone who is intelligent intimidates him.
Been following his feud w/
Bezos. I love Amazon.
Than
I thought the whole conservative thing was about less government involvement.  How is he able to make these comments without any blowback from the @GOP? Are they afraid of him?  Let's not get distracted from what he'd like us to forget, though. #GunControlNow #NRABloodMoney
Amazon is a marketplace NOT a retailer. Small businesses can sell on Amazon, to a wider consumer base than what they would have with their brick and mortar stores. 

Amazon pays local taxes but HARDLY ANY FEDERAL TAXES thanks to republican tax law. 

USPS profits from Amazon.
Wow, what a gift to the Democratic Congressional Candidates. Amazon will likely respond and a Democratic Congress will certainly #ImpeachTrump . Many hope #Mueller is racking up State Criminal Charges in regards to alleged Russian Mafia Money Laundering which are not Pardonable
No way!
You are so right about Amazon @POTUS !!! They sell mostly crappy Chinese quality stuff at really high prices as they continue to control the market. Break them up!! #DumpThisStock 
This guy talks about taxes, but doesn't declare his own. Sad!
Keep the government out of businesses! Amazon is not a monopoly!
Trump please stop them.
Don't knock Amazon I am disabled and it is a great service 100 purchases last year delivered  next day yeh it is great.  
Weird guy, this little trump. Are many jobs being lost or is the country at historic unemployment lows? Which is it?
Hey Spanky - if you cared about small businesses - how come you stiffed them regularly and especially in your six bankruptcies? Also on the taxes front - how about your taxes comrade?
Yet all your stuff is made in factories across the ocean and in Mexico and BTW your suits look cheap. I pay sales tax on Amazon and also on my prime membership ..
Look at the stock market. Not just Amazon but all tech is going down, people everywhere are losing jobs. Tech is the future and if we don't invest in it then those mom and pop shops won't have customers because people will be out of work. Your best option is to reinstate tech.
TOYS R US GOING OUT OF BUSINESS BECAUSE AMAZON DONALD J TRUMP IS RIGHT SOME NEED BE DONE
Y los trenes eléctricos están dañando a la industria del carbón.
I will make this suggestion, that the mom and pop shops begin their venture into the tech industry and you ask Amazon to then help them with this free of charge for the first two years as a favour to promote small business. Stocks go up everyone wins.
Retailers are closing because of mismanagement and their greedy CEOs. As an example, Why can you order a craftsman part on Amazon for 1/2 the price of Sears?
Mexico should just buy twitter and ended this nightmare for all of us.
D.T
You have the audacity to talk about Amazon and sales tax etc...
Where are your return taxes for America to see? Let us guess still being Audited.
If you tax Amazon who do you think will end up paying those taxes? The consumer.
These comments make me feel we are moving backwards instead of forward. Its like bringing back the coal mining industry instead of transitioning those workers into a more environmental friendly industry.
Amazon drives cost down which is positive for consumer but the retailer has to lower margin, cover Amazon free shipping and marketing to the point they can’t stay in business.  It is killing the small business who is trying to compete.
you are so old..r u aware that people who cannot get to so called stores ,now can have things delivered..its called progress
Progres at any cost?
love amazon..love shopping online..its easy,fast an we wont all look alike as the old stores try to make us.not everyone can travel to see new things.cont
Oh really?  They are hiring like crazy here in Chattanooga where us Amazon shoppers PAY TAX on everything we buy.
yes, but what are they paying you?  And do they pay you for all the hours you work, or do they expect overtime at no cost to them?
They provide health care from DAY ONE. They pay proper overtime and the job I looked at started at $16.50 an hour.
okay, that's better than I thought, better than I had heard about.  16.50 is about what minimum wage was in 1968 adjusted for inflation.
that still does not change the fact that they have become a huge near monopoly and have put many many small retailers out of business.
Monopolies are the bane of capitalism.  They prevent competition and concentrate wealth & power.  Not sure what the solution is though
And all that is still no reason for the POTUS to single out a company like he did!
He ought to be single Amazon out as being a near monopoly and should do what he can to break up monopolies.
Free market Mr. Pesident...either they be competitive or fall by the wayside..We don't need Gov't messing in the market..that's HOW this whole mess started..other than that Great job!!..& Thanks for the tax cuts..
Amazon is not doing anything illegal by offering an online catalogue of goods. If you don’t like it, go to the mall.
Amazon is a global company! If you don't want it. The UK will happily allow it to be based here and pay corporation tax. Idiot!
let us make America what it once was ... A barren wasteland devoid of life
YOU ARE A TRAITOR TO AMERICAN PEOPLE
Not to good at tweeting.but this is important.
Amazon is hiring!!!
They pay taxes, u twit - as e-tailers they don't COLLECT taxes from consumers. Like u they don't pay taxes - it's the law.
Time for new job creations...
Damn, losing jobs to the ways of the future.
Reminds me of the decline of jobs in coal mining, worldwide, from renewable energy sources...
Should probably look at bringing jobs back to the brick & mortar version of retail shopping.
Resources will be well spent. 
Great!
great opinion!
Seriously?? You have ripped off the tax payers BILLIONS of dollars! Biggest hypocrite on earth! Only toothless hillbillies still support you
Your the strangest President are you ok? Weren't you the same guy that said your a genius for not having to pay taxes because of loop holes. Your one to talk about taxes. REPUBLICANS want to increase state sales tax on stuff like stream content like music movies, taxing the cloud
Thanks man. What little I had in my 401k stock and you just killed it. 
we need an.interstate internet tax say 20% on all goods
Governance by tweet, you should know by now, is wholly ineffective.  Nothing changes because of a tweet.
did you see the jobs amazon are adding?
Jobs lost? 6000+ jobs in a 1 million sq/ft facility! Jobs lost? #WhereTheyAtDoe
No worries! The poor quality of products from online retailers will come back to haunt them!
I've been buying stuff on Amazon for years. I've been paying TAXS on all sales DJT is Fake
Trump  is in bed with the IRS they will steal even more money now.
So you will stop selling Trump branded products on Amazon? Hypocrisy at it's best! @POTUS @CNN
When I was a just a kitten, that's what I was meowing about Walmart. Sometimes capitalism sucks, unless you're trying to find that $3 collar
I must ask u about that "where are u from?"
I Hate The new guy. I do not even say his name. However, Amazon has a lot of issues with how they do business. I have worked there and know the inside greediness of the CEO, Jeff Bezos and he doesn't deserve the great wealth he has off the backs of his employees
Talking about greed and deserving wealth off the back of their employees do you realize that sounds just like trumpy? damn are they related
How about you and Ivanka have your merchandise made in the USA?  You're a hypocrite, bigot, woman hater, and a terrible president.
looks like I’m only buying stuff off Amazon now. Totally forgot it was a thing till you used it as a distraction method.
Dont start trying to ruin AMAZON!  There has got to be something more important on your agenda. #ControlFreak
Problem is when you go to town you can not locate what your after. Wind up being able to get it on Amazon. Hate buying via mail and waiting.
The supreme court should go after your taxes mr.trump the grump , and charge you with tax evasion..
Wow, what a hypocrite!! It is obvious that you are pulling this crap for obvious partisan reasons. Ur old dog, Steve Banon, repeatedly attacked Amazon and Bezosfor owning the Washington Post. Nice try!!
I may only shop Amazon on now
I love Amazon. @li2bac
Is he aware that Amazon collects sales tax and has for years? #FakeNews
Tax online shopping
Your presidency is effectively over. You lost any moral authority you had yesterday. Just resign for the good of the country.
Then why am I looking at an Amazon drop down list that says Ivanka Trump: clothing, dresses for women, perfume, dress, pants, pumps, heels, and handbags ? Maybe Amazon is the only place to buy her s**hole merchandise.
A national sales tax would fix that problem. Get rid of income tax and replace with sales tax. Simpler and would encourage work & saving
Reading the fine print would fix that problem. Get rid of stupidity. Maybe encourage fools to get a new cult. http://fairtaxgoofy.blogspot.com/ 
Amazon is the best thing ever!
so many people want u to die,beacause y like me a愤青！
The White House Congress and the Senators are doing more damage as they continue to suck money out of regular people while they pay themselves more they're supposed to work for us and should be making the same amount of benefits and wages we do Amendment 28 By the way
There is only 27 amendments, the 28th is fake, the last one was signed in 1992 which was a limit to congressional pay increases.
Was @realDonaldTrump dad arrested at a KKK meeting?
Amazon is also paying alot of taxes and employing alot of people. Not to mention helping to keep the post office from dying
Yeah but Trump don't care he wants the IRS  to steal more money.
Google is throttling free speech. Just took down Gab app.
wrote books on investing, books make new york revenue  get company more plans, sales taxes pay 1 debt service
Amazon beat the competition through hard work, better ideas, Support capitalism. AMAZON hero. You make stuff offshore.
Consumers buy from Amazon because they make it easy, OTHER retailers need to change and improve or FAIL. It is called capitalism
Hey, knot head, Amazon employs thousands and is growing. Let your jealousy of Jeff cloud your vision much?
I have a feeling you're going to do
something about it Mr. President...
Liar.
I really wonder whether he would be kept responsible from the loss suferred by shareholders of Amazon under American civil indemnity law.
If you wanna help your b&m's tell them to stop trying to robb people. You'll never draw business in no matter how slick you are. For the simple fact people shop smart. You do that when your poor. Leave the bottom man alone, will solve nothing.Raise It!Idc tbh
It is the only way I can buy here in my rural area.Gas is way too high to drive an hour to shop for non-american made items. I rely on amazon !
Wow nice knowing
No. You are doing "great damage".
Dear Sir: I am an Amazon seller. I have finally at 60 years old achieving a level of success in this life from selling on line. Please tell
Ebay. Etsy. Etc.
Lets see them compete on the internet like everyone else
Oh you don't like Amazon? Perfect, I'll use them even more often than I already do! :) Thanks for the insight!
that's good, this mean you plan to pay tax now too?
Hey buddy do you want some cheese with that wine?
Kind of like Walmart
You crazy imbecile Amazon has created far more jobs than u ever have and Besos is a far superior CEO than u were or ever could be
Its called a free market
Jealous much?!? You know Bezos is richer, younger, better looking, smarter and more successful than you.  We know it too.  #ImpeachTrump
Not to mention Amazon's support of socialism.
Patronize your local merchants.
Touch the product before you buy.
I've not missed prime.
#CCOT
What happened to loving a free-market society oh it's only when Republicans are in office that is different! Ok Subsidize Them Like BIG OIL
Auh, they must be as honest as Trump & Family. Yeah, you go Trump....WTH?
So is @Uber @Airbnb @instagram @Twitter online banking, @netflix , @YouTube, @zillow @turbotax , shipping jobs offshore, @Dropbox ,
The sadness this country feels. 

You have diminished the progress this country has made and history we struggle to reconcile. #Shameful
You are an absolute fucking idiot.  Amazon simply provides product distribution better than anyone else.  In fact, they lose money in this domain but use the cash to enhance their business agility. These are things you don't have a fucking clue about.  Maybe go fuck yourself.
BS-they’re hiring in the JAX FL area. Oh...and thanks for tanking my SEP IRA, asshole.
S&P 500 was 2271 when Trump was inaugurated.  It’s 2612 now.
Today...it’s tanking my stocks.
I would call this American Capitalism
Umm that's not true, they collect state tax from certain states, also they generate jobs. Plus, low income people can be on Amazon prime at a lower price. The people you are constantly overlook!!! But we , middle class and the poor will pay for the 1%tax break u gave to the rich
Not to  mention now the IRS wants to target cryptocurrency they are stealing all the profits.  Abolish the IRS
I am pro trump but amazon helps small businesses and artisans!
Small business will get taxed too possibly even more than Amazon.
Sis loves you and amazon maybe now she will quit Amazon. She had count down tees for Obamas last days in office. From a amazon vendor.
Isnt Trump the one that claimed he was smart for using the rules and not paying taxes? Hypocrisy at its best
So far, all the workers delivering to me through Amazon's own new delivery service have been Black. Amazon is creating minority employment.
Support local business!
Been paying sales tax on orders. Would help if dumbass POTUS did some schoolin b4 tweetin
You are just mad because they are not with you. So you are trying to hurt them with tweets. You are a mean president who promotes hate
It's called capitalism!
So you're saying that being successful is BAD?
Destroying Silicon Valley (built by Immigrants). btw how are those coal mining jobs coming along? Hate, bigotry & NO IDEAS!
Keep  up the good work. Go after George Soros, too.
Verissimo
It may be fast growing but it is hurting brick and mortar and that affects jobs. keep #MAGA
SLAP THEM WITH AN ANTI-TRUST SUIT! HAVE THEM PAY ALL THE TAXES THEY DID NOT USING SUB CONTRACTORS AND PLAYING DUMB NOW!
Yes! And the digital age is wrecking havoc on the 8-track track industry! Bring back the cassette tape jobs now! #MAGA!
#Resist 
Resist
You are doing great damage. Quit!
Good Ol Capitalizue
I support our president BUT DO NOT BUY INTO THIS CLAPTRAP. HE IS TRYING TO TAX YOU ACROSS STATE LINES. TheyWillFORCE AmazonToCollectSalesTax
You're wrong about this.  They just give people who live in small towns or remotely, a great alternative.
Show us your tax returns or shut up
So what you wanna do, arrest them?
Totally and absolutely agree!! Support your local merchants!
And you're doing great damage to the whole world.
Sounds like @Walmart if you ask me.
No one is hurting this country as much as you are bigly sad
Do u read or check anything before u tweet?  Amazon is creating thousands of jobs in CO, but this was in place w/Obama
Amazon is going to hire over 100,000 People your Job program sucks .We need OBAMA
you smoking your socks?
This is straight up economic nonsense.
old man in E TN looking at cell tower I say everything you want to know in your hand he quotes revelations
Whatever happened to free enterprise, land of opportunity, etc? Is that un-American now?
You act like you care, but you're just blowing hot air.
When spitting fury at a globally successful business which creates jobs, maybe you can spit out info on your taxes?
So is Walmart
FYI: In Florida, we DO pay taxes on Amazon purchases.
I'n UK aswell while forcing staff to work like robots while making staff do unbelievable targets to reach
not as much damage as you Donny boy!
And yet his business benefits many more than yours do.
Funny how amazon took a supposed $6B hit after his tweet. Somebody must think it was a credible statement.
Can anybody make me understand why this (not)gentleman is against Amazon?
I only use Amazon when NO ONE ELSE offers for which I'm looking. That turns out to be once every ten years. Amazon doesn't vet products.
My company will go under if this keeps up!
Amazon employs 566000 people you stupid!
All orders are taxed now since 2017
"big box" chains hurt the mom and pop small businesses, times change.
Amazon has created jobs as well.
Yet you had them on your counsel
Early 1900s: Ford is doing great damage to tax paying horse breeders. Villages, towns and dirt roads are being hurt #presidential #econ101
Hello! I'm Ivan, a micro-penised Russian bot. I will do anything for Mother Russia in order to fuck America. Please, take me seriously.
It is nice to see they've made some new memes to excuse disgusting racism with zero facts and plenty of dog whistles
Apple,Google, Amazon, their success is based on a world wide tax evasion scheme, just like the Trumps. The diff. they don't have unpaid debt

Amazon shares fall, wiping more than $30 billion off its market value, after report Trump wants to curb its power https://reut.rs/2GgMoOL  by @jeffmason1 @steveholland1 $AMZN 
Is it a bad thing that Donald Trump is going after Amazon? Here are my two cents:
Um.... They're hiring  50000 people... Or are you just stupid and don't read the news?
So obviously it doesn't bother you that much since you don't pay all your taxes anyway.
Yep big business man. Do not have idea have economy work. Woow and his supporters still belive this idiot.
