What about the story that says you okayed 45,000 MUSLIMS will be let into our country? Is that fake news also?????
Definitely fake news! Trump still works hard on and winning with travel ban to protect our country
According to Breitbart news reporter Michael Leahy Trump is allowing 45,000 MUSLIMS into the USA STARTING SUNDAY!
BS! I don't believe that for one minute. He just Great with travel ban to keep Muslims out of our country
Ask Trump if its true?  I'm a Trump supporter.  I plan to run for Senator on Trump's agenda!  I want to know if the story is true also!
And I want to know if you're a REAL ex Dem for 2018 Senate???  Trump's travel ban was 1st order of business! He's WINNING Foreign & Domestic
I am a REAL EX DemoRAT.  I've voted Republican and against Obama. I'm running for the U.S. Senate as a Republican. I DID NOT BELIEVE STORY!
For how much you lose your shit over stories like this I doubt very much that its fake news.
They are disgustingly FAKE

Ironic that Trump accuses the media of all the ‘fake’ news that comes out of his own mouth!
 Everytime you say something is fake, that means it's 100% correct!! 
The media acts as an unelected Communist Political Arm. They do not recognize or respect the position they are supposed to play. @KTLA @LATimes @WashingtonPost et al. In some Countries Journalists are dying...For TRUTH, here, ours live to lie
Trump you are praising FOX news rated ONLY as a TALK SHOW (Banned in UK for conspiracy theory/lies like Seth Rich & Pizzagate) while slandering @FCC regulated TV? No wonder you have warped unrealistic view of world? You watch REAL FAKE NEWS w Bannon/Mercer!
Dude, you're the most fake person I've ever known in my life. Get out of junior high. Grow up. Research psychological disorders. Oh it's you
TAKE SOME TIME AND HAVE SOMEONE READ THE ARTICLE TO YOU. THEN RESPOND.
Trump Narcissist Rules
Fake News = Facts or Truth
Real News = Ass Kissing 

1st amendment means nothing to this clown show
POTUS = Douchebag
You are correct what you really want is Bigly nukes...200 fold.
You have many problems but you are obsessed with size. You are a FM.SAD
If only you read and studied intelligence reports like you pay attention to 24 hour cable news networks and professional sports leagues...
You’re a serial liar with no credibility. Do your fucking job and stop complaining
Joseph Goebbels also found the Fake News rhetoric quite valuable. He just called it Lügenpresse.

You are OUR voice and they can't stand it #FakeNews
Your voice wanted Dreamers exempt from deportation?
Liar that you are, unable to stop. Majority of Americans hate you more than you will ever understand. Crooked Jared/Ivanka JAIL.  Lies.
And Donald Trump = MORON
And of course, you saying this makes me believe it all the more!  #FakePresident
I find it amusing that you attack the media as "fake" every time they call you out on your inadequacies! Grow up!
When the number of fake news outlets outpaces real news, which is fake and which is real?
We wish you were in a fake office. You are fake
TRUMPS twitter account is throwing out fuck you's to the FAKE media.... love it!
Someone take away grampa's phone.
Or at least his Twitter account. Oop$, that'$ not going to happen, i$ it?
I love my President!!! Most qualified man to ever step into that office.
Even if 3/4 of what you say is fake news was correct, the other 1/4 confirms how unfit your are as president.
We want a revitalization of our crumbling nuclear Arsenal to serve as a deterrent against those who would do us harm. #MAGA
HaHaHaHaHaHaHa. You aren't terribly intelligent are you.
#resignnow monkey man
Using that word you made up again. You are absolutely priceless. I love starting my day off with a bit of humour.
I'm still not used to having our president elected by another country. I feel violated.
What does "you'll see" mean? America is NOT A REALITY SHOW!!! YOU'RE A TOTAL EMBARRASSMENT!
Hello, Big Rocket Man 
If NBC =CNN how do you know if you weren't watching? Thought you only watch Fox news? 
#TheResistance
#lunatic 
#MalignantNarcissism
The #MSM just can't live with the fact that the country is winning again and that the #MAGA movement is STRONGER than ever!
Lol...winning what?
They get the information for someone within your administration.. get mad at the right person!
Except you did. & in your military budget. Also video of you asking why U can't just nuke anywhere want to. Liar.
Good more nukes maybe Kim Jung in will think twice before he pokes the sleeping giant
It's getting harder and harder to believe you.
Leave! Take your inept #WhiteHouse parasites, call for new elections and resign!
Bitter Reality stings 
It have being tested for decades on most of them so we will when we have to. Yes no president are perfect so are you? That’s all talking
you couldn't get any lower in my opinion .
Every single article is fact checked and verified. Sorry.
Every time you deny one of these stories we know it is true. You are so obvious it is pathetic. #TheResistance #TrumpIsAMoron
Robert Muller is coming for you. Resign now. #WeTheResistance #resist #remove
NBC, CNN and all the other alphabet networks are two steps behind and always chasing their tails #RealTalk
That's why I listen & support you Mr Dupree bc you help the lib MSM find their tails. #RealTalk
You support him because he validates your thinly veiled racist tendencies. GFY
Theres a 90%chance that the person accusing Racism are actually racist themselves. The other 10% a pure b*tches as well #fact #RealTalk
If u can't respect the president respect the office.
Then did you want a 100fold increase?
We know this isn't fake news, because you have relentlessly told us in your campaign that you think we should increase the nuclear arsenal!
You are seriously going mad!  It's blatantly obvious that you said these things and even more obvious that you are a MORON!
Eminem says it best!  Today we are ALL #Eminem!
You continue to divide your administration, your cabinet, this country and this planet. You are bad for yourself and horrible for the American people.  Just Resign!
I can't believe that someone of your sanity level can be running a country and can have control over our nuclear arsenal.  That's scary!
The world wishes Trump's presidency was "fake."

#FakePresident
I wish u'd move to Nicaragua
The first time that a dirty bomb goes off in the middle of New York made from the same yellow cake material that Hillary sold to Putin OOPS
#fakeTIMEcover
People on your own staff admitted you said this.  With one of the greatest memories ever, how did you forget?
Fake news blah blah blah stop tweeting
#NONEWS

This country has gone to shit. I don't agree with either sides
We don't believe anything they say! #FAKENEWS
Wrong again
You are fake. #Amateur
Full on dementia

How about a press conference? Coward
"Give em hell Harry!"
Hitler.
CNN, ABC, NBC, etc, etc... Not only should you take all their licenses, you should throw them all in prison for treason for helping to try to destroy our country and every Americans future!
We need t pull NBC and CNN’s media licensees.   They are spewing pure socialist hated daily.   That like the Cuban Castro regime.  
The 25th =#ImpeachTrump #makeourplanetgreatagain and #MAGA . #LiarInChief has got to go! !

Oh here we go..Moron Dotard in chief has no clothes..how many times have you stated it yourself..selective amnesia? or dementia?
Remember when we had "reporters" ?
I know...5 fold should do it....

Blah blah blah blah blah
We should increase and develope new delivery systems . Guaranteed Russia and China have more than they say they have.
Fox News made up a story that you actually cared about anything but yourself. Fake news!
Can I play?  Donald Trump = Vladimir Putin.  Ooh, that feels nice.
You will lie and lie and lie and we will always see through it. The days of your presidency are numbered.
Our nuke arsenal including planes needs a (massive upgrade). Remember everything invented has been stolen in one way or another. I have idea
Here's a story to discuss
You are such an embarrassment. #RESIGN
Fake "president" responding to actual news. Fake can only see fake.
Keep up the great work President Trump! Ignore all the losers! We appreciate all your hard work!!! MAGA!!!
You asked, on camera, "why do we have nukes if we can't use them?" That alone proves the news reports more believable than your lame denial.
This from the biggest liar in the whole world.
Perhaps @POTUS might release minutes of the July 20 meeting to prove his point? As Commander-in-Chief, it's up to you what is classified.

#FakePresident
Thomas Jefferson had a name for you. "When the speech condemns a free press, you are hearing the words of a tyrant." YOU are that tyrant.
#ImpeachTrumpNow
#ImpeachTrumpNow
 #ImpeachTrumpNow
 #ImpeachTrumpNow
Don’t you have a country to run instead of only worrying about bad press?
There were witnesses. Oh that's right ... you and your staff are entitled to ALTERNATIVE FACTS!  
The only fake news maker is the failing @realDonaldTrump. SAD!
I wouldn't say it's completely made up...
You are a horror story. Too bad we didn't ban you long ago!
Maybe if you'd stay off twitter and stop running your mouth so much the msm wouldn't have so much ammunition. I know, it's hard to be an adult, you're only 71 years old.
Fire the FCC chairman!  He's a Democrat hack in bed with the MSM.  Installed in there to spread lies and inuendo.
Liar.
Your fake news and so is Fox News .

I have two words for you @POTUS: #FakePresident
More lies from the left. No surprise there. But such outrageous claims meet the standard of _sedition_.
Oh snap
Might they have based it on the random words out of your mouth in an interview about increasing "$10 of billions on nuclear"

Possibly?
Real bang up job you're doing numbnuts.
Nasty broadcasting co
It’s not fake news must because you don’t like it. If you want the media to stop reporting on you, just get it over with and resign.
But so are YOUUUUU!!!!
Pull their credentials
@realDonaldTrump = #RepugnantDotard

Republican campaign arm breaks off-year fundraising record http://bit.ly/2xAKNtS 
You are a Liar and a TRAITOR and everything out of your mouth trump is FAKE NEWS
If u actually paid attention to the story clarified u asked why don't we have previous large nuclear arsenal which was 10X more than now!
It wasn't a person that told NBC.It was 3 that were scared by what you said!You scare us all,& that's not a good Prez does!

More #FAKENEWS
You can dish it out but you sure can’t take it.  LOOSER

The man who Cried Wolf
Mr. President, you do NOT HAVE TO SAY ANYTHING ELSE! The corruption is unfolding by itself!
No leaks!! Just pulling this crap out of their backside and saying it's " unknown/unnamed source" FAKE BS!!!!
Of course U said it, tho U may not have meant it. Most ppl know that words have meaning. U still haven't learned that lesson.#trumpisamoron
Hey@realDonaldTrump so are all the news stations fake news? Are we really supposed to believe that? Please!!!
You demean the United States every....damn....day.
What! You said it you lier!

One question, why do you abuse Melania? #SaveMelania
Mr POTUS, instead of constantly attacking your critics (so childish and unproductive) tell us your position on the matter.
Trump = NUTJOB!
You did talk about it. Quit lying.
O tv kanallarını kapatmazsan adam değilsin.
If B = N.
Guess you shouldn't have said where ANYONE - especially your leaky WH staff - could hear you, should you?
#ResignNOW, you #MoronicLoser
Quite right.  You meant eightfold.  How demeaning is that?
Donnie's a liar 
@potus is the dishonest. He has NO IDEA WHAT honesty is. He was dishonest as a developer, father, husband, candidate, & now as a president.
They say you want ten times the amount of nukes - hilarious! - it isn't even good fiction :) #MAGA @auspol
You don't understand that the media has standards and ethical rules to which they must adhere.  Maybe you should try that sometime
I would believe Pinocchio before I'd believe you!!!
Dude quit talking and do what we voted for. Change shit. Get rid of these lawyers. Get rid of the system. Fucking bring the change. 1 SHOT!
Amazing that a president speaks like this about the media discrediting the voice of pluralism... Nice choice America 
UR such a liar, you said it and now are going to lie about it. NBC news was right. You demean yourself with your moronic childish behavior..
Unfortunately you don't remember what you say.  I believe the news over what you say.  They seem to be tenfold more believable.  FREE PRESS.
I am sure there is some proof somewhere that you said you wanted it (or more). The fact that you are denying it makes me believe it is true.
Be careful. Fake news want to make you bad man in public.
Satan will lie and steal--misrepresent--truth to fight for his world.  He is the god of this world.  Fake news follows her master.


Trump is again lying
Stop fake news! #deactivatetrumptwitter !
Another news source to boycott

I heard you say it.  Our seniled Trump can't remember all his lies he so senile and moron.
@NBC does not fake news. Require 3 corroborating witnesses & facts. They don't sugarcoat ur lies & moves. They tell truth & u don't like it.
