Or else what? You will break out your big "You're Fired" scare tactic!
You'ld piss ur pants if he did that to u!
He wouldn't hire u. He has a good business sense. And if he did and he saw u r WEAK....... U'd be FIRED!
Man....enuf with the name calling....Is that all u got?  His business sense=JOBS JOBS JOBS!
Pointing out truths is not name calling. 
In what way has Trump alone created so many jobs? This would be a question to you.
As soon as u said u people....u done lost ur point. Be gone now and don't reply back!
I never said you people. Respond to each post and not random u make no http://sense.You  don't read my posts correctly.U say nothing!
No toconsititution  gatherering. You give the it all to the dems. It will backfire
The Republican Senators must step up to the plate and, after 7 years, vote to Repeal and Replace. Next, Tax Reform and I...

Love you Trump don't get discouraged you're going to win big in the end
Yes! No replace.
So sad Republicans have been all show and no go!  If you want to be reelected you need to get your lazy butts to work and fix this mess!
If winning is losing you are 100% correct.
Watch FOX not CNN...u don't see anything Trump wins at on that channel.
Someone like me..AGAIN with the name calling when ya ain't got nothing... u resort to that...RIGHT?
Someone like me is racist remark. It's kinda like when anyone says u people.
Racist remarks don't need to know the color of my skin. Its a category that you just put me in.
I said your REMARK is racist. I don't know if u are. Define individuality in ur own words...THERE YA GO!
Ok.  Let's see.  What would someone who gets their news from FOX recommend for me to read instead of watch on the tube?  How's that?
It's taken seven years for @GOP to come up with this bullshit? They could have 70 years and it wouldn't get any better.
No better when Obamacare passed without anybody reading....how stupid was that? REALLY!
ACA is not perfect. It needs to be bipartisan to have a shot. The shot is single payer. Keep Big Pharma and insurance companies out of it.
Practice What U Preach or Simply Change Ur Speech. We R all still waiting 4 U 2 Step Up 2 plate & lead by example but pigs not flying yet...
WTF u talking about.? Watch a leader in action. I know, u can't recognize leadership cuz of Obama!
Short & Sweet: Carrier, MS-13, Paris Accord, Sanctuary Cities, Immigration, N. Korea 7.  THE WALL
Where'd u hear that....on CNN
I always watched CNN and followed Allyson Camarati who left Fox. But CNN is so false anymore!
But to say I don't care about this beautiful country that God blessed us with......WRONG! CNN wannabe!
His actions? Name them..and DO NOT bring up the left's excuse of Russian collusion...its getting OLD!
Name calling.....its what the left are good at. My world is MAGA....r u for it? Swim swim swim  AIR ( sarcasm)
We are fed up with all of them and this "resist" attitude is hurting both parties.  We are not stupid we see it
. @speakerRyan  @SenateMajLdr you may think you are fooling us but you aren't.  END IT now.  Enough of this. Like it or not we chose him 
Just this morning on Fox, @RandPaul showed his defiant stubbornness and total lack of concern for his part in hindering the Trump WH
Hes not the only one.
No, he is not.  @SenatorCollins continues to show her socialist leanings while pretending to be a Republican
You Go president Trump, we have your back. #DTS
He could fix it if he didn't have people on his way trying to obstruct justice and not allowing him to do his job
B
NOT GOING TO HAPPEN
Resign
I think if the house and senate have the same retirement and Medicare package I have a lot would b fixed America great again  fix this
Get rid of all of the lawyers who are politicians and just hire regular people to do the job and use lawyers for legal work
Remove yourself.
Can u say Loooooooser?
The Republicans and the Democratic Parties should come together and Repeal and Replace Trump!
How does it feel to be president and have to resort to TWITTER like any other TWIT on the planet to get out a message>  ?  VERY SAD
Not about winning you putz . It's not a competition.  It's about the American people. And the heath care bill, NOBODY WINS
Next election please back real people: vets or Business people
Politicians lie like it the truth. see right through them work for the people
Those republicans will pay the price next election They lied when they campaigned on it & there gutless who promise & don't fallow through
Well come India
Foi

Foolls
Why so bent on screwing the people?  Repeal isn't going to happen so step up and encourage improvement. Then put your damn name on it. Win.
Giving Applause to her. I challenge you Trump to go to a regular airport with regular people
Give them death-panel single PAYMENT, if they will give us taxcut & max exploit of  ntrl resources, to fix hlth care needs
You're fired
All of the people in Congress should have Obama care. Things would change real quick! I you're really for the people prove it.
@SenateGOP It's time to deliver to the American people! The clock is ticking. No more "No" votes!
If we want repeal- get rid of the three republicans who votes against it bill and stack the senate and house with more like-minded GOP&INDEP
It took the DIMS two years to develop the ACA - why in the world would we think it can be done so quickly!!!
Taking away healthcare from millions of people. LOST!
And again, YOU LOST! Some politicians actually accept their job of protecting Americans instead of your desire to destroy them. MAJOR LOSS!
Well... fortunatly for those in the U.S. who aren't millionaires, you LOST.
Repeal without replacement!
How can we have lame Duck; 7 Months in ????
Repeal. Dems only have their own interests in mind. PLEASE NO SINGLE PAYER!
Tax reform is the only thing that matters
Repeal and Replace senator Mc Mean
I don't want to pay any taxe. Could you pay it for us? Yes you can!
Obey the orange fecal stain.
Seems like your threats back-fired. SAD
They FAILED!!!  You can't MAGA because the POS senators keep standing in your way! There is more than one way to skin a cat  
NOT understand HOW CONGRESSMAN walk out there home with $1000 price briefcase full of IOU to HEALT IND PRETENDING do do the people work
U need to go back where u came from and thats hell
They are spineless pricks.  I hope their constituents send their sorry asses home when 2018 voting comes around
So does this mean u will b charged for not doing tax in decsdes?????
Mr. President do you have any concept of the fundamental differences between being a Boss and being a Leader? Give it some thought.
Someone needs to step up to the plate and IMPEACH YOU
• #Infastructure #Vision We wouldn't want this to happen to our aging pipes. #Dangerous
I say they should cut back on senators in Congress pay and make free healthcare for every American that'll send a message to them
Surrrr
Amen President Trump, that getting redulous
Why do you need to win? Aren't we more important than your ego?
Are your rich friends pressuring you on your promise that they would pay less tax if you were elected?
Nope
Retain and repair then u win otherwise YOU LOSE
Obama care just needs to be tweeted a little . Not take away from the sick and make the rich richer. Act like a President.
Please go away. Do the honorable thing and step down.
Please go away. N. Korea welcomes u!
I don't think in history there has ever been a president as hated or ignorant as u r SAD
Republican Senators are a JOKE. Need to be voted OUT. Can't get anything done. LOSERS.
Lisa may have let you down, but she didn't let her peeps down...get it through your bleached head..your healthcare bill is crap ,& fascists.
Toddler 
You really need to be impeached  drain the swamp starting with you and your corrupt family..
Mr. President, it's time to put Congress on Obamacare. I'll bet they repeal and replace pronto. We need the names of the Rinos.
I support you all the way. I wish that 'We the People' had the power to overrule those GOP members that refuse to support the people
Liars
I AM SICK OF ALL THIS RUSSIAN CRAP
How about the Dems Inds & Reps who've jumped ship "Repeal and Replace" the treasonous DJT, his family and cronies? Whaddya think?
They have promised for seven years to repeal Obamacare!!! We need term limits. Congress exempted themselves from Obamacare. Repeal that!
The best chance to, Make America Great Again" is if you resign!
Shame on you Mr. President. You do not have the best interest in American's. You simply want, fame, adiration and line your pockets.
President Trump, establishment thinks USA fools. We get it, #draintheswamp, #lockherup. Media,establishment becoming more irreverent
Is this what all the winning is supposed to look like? Sad! Delete your account
Resign
Exactly right!
Must undo 1942 law protecting corrupt healthcare Mccaron-Ferguson. Something like that, sent you already. Undo corrupt.
Once again, I'm happy with the Affordable Care Act, please support the American people.
Trump is giving himself a really big tax cut and the American people will suffer greatly, cuting on medicaid,now he's going for tax reform.
Its not about Republicans to stick together and vote against obamacare its about 22 million Americans that will be with out health care,
Are we back to 7 years now?
LIAR!!
Tax cuts for the guy who doesn't pay taxes!
SHOW US YOUR TAX RETURNS
This is no longer America. Russia has bought and paid for this country. Looking for a name for this new country
You are pathetic.  We know what you are doing to deny health insurance to millions of people.  You will be held accountable.
All you do is tweet and play golf. Can you Actually do stuff? Smh #WorstPresidentEver
Change the law from the 40's or 50's  about can't cross state lines. State with that.   Replace Ryan  and yo-yo from  Senate
Get a better bill, not Obama 4.0. Repeal and Replace clean bill,  have not any part of Obama  care.  Few parts can be written in  on new
LOSE! the only people who support you are your children who you bribed with your money, and even those are questionable.
Amen, thank you Mr President!
Game Not over yet twerp!!!
Thanks Mr. Trump! Keep it up!!
There is no win there for the American people in any of it. You are so clueless it would be pathetic if it weren't so infuriating.
_/ this. Hospital bill $20K Medicare Pd$2k. Dr$350 Medicare Pd $109. Why over billing by providers who accept Medicare anyhow. Numbers game.
How about repeal, replace you. #dumbshitrunningthecountry. #moneycanbuyeverything
LOSE!
DO NOT FIRE SESSIONS!!!!
We haven't been winning much.
Okay simple:no $$bailouts for ins.comps keep pre extisting students on plan 26
And look into company called "guardian"
During reagan yrs
Dear potus
No insurance bail outs please they dont deserve it
Look how ins.comps threw Americans under bus for obama promised theyd make$$$$
You have accomplished nothing! LOSER!
#OrangeJumpSuit, #4U
You still have NO idea what's in the bill & you don't even seem to know that it goes against every campaign promise you made to voters.
End the Federal Reserve (which isn't Federal nor has any reserves), ABOLISH THE IRS. HR 25.
HRC/BHO for prision. MAGA. Trump 2020.
Turn the FBI/Judiciary into SS. Turn Boy Scouts into Trump youth. 1930's flashback.
Impeach Trump 2017
Bullying tweet.
PLEASE LISTEN TO MICHAEL JACKSON'S MAN IN THE MIRROR.
NO NO NO NO
in other words- dump the only healthcare we have without anything in it's place, give money to rich people. We deserve better.
Hey I am not rich and I'm paying for all on Medicaid! So are the rich. U just don't want to go out & work 4 it!
Bet the tax reforms only benefit Mr Mywayorhighway trump. Not the normal everyday Americans
....all over the news "Saying look and all the jobs i created for you!" He actually cared about the ppl and not  spotlight
....were in the works because every yr job creation has increased and ast yr job creation was 180k...but #Obama wasnt....
Trump 2020! We got your back Mr President.
Your a joke!!! U havent won anything! U have havent actually created job its just forecasted and jobs created were....
We will remember who did what for the good if this nation come voting day. Trust me, we will not forget who's in and who's out.
Mr. President, pesticides are KILLING people in the beautiful state of Florida. PLEASE PARDON me from more pesticide exposures.  URGENT
You're the worst! Master deal maker... What a joke! Wouldn't trust you to run a fruit stand. RESIGN!!!
Prepare for disappointment.
You go President Trump!!

If you think that's bad. Here's pages 1-3 of the affidavit filed on @realDonaldTrump for sex assault on a minor. Pages 4-6 follow. 
I HAVE GOT TO HAVE HEALTHCARE!!
They have bitched for years but never come up with a plan...all they do is show to up to work and recess and get paid thousands of dollar
Wake up and recognize what the people want. You lost the popular vote because you are so out of touch. Real news, fake president. Shame!!
Send the Senators home without PAY and maybe without a check they will figure it out.
Stop wasting Taxpayers dollars 
Shame on you Mr. Trump for pushing a health care bill reducing coverage for millions of Americans and saying you'll sign anything!!!
They work for the American people....they must do their job!
Juvenile!
Stop with your threats...unamerican
Nooo
Repeal, replace or go home! Step up or step down you've had 7 yrs & that's allot of campaign promises! Ur out of time!
The RNC promised repeal & replace. Now they sit on their hands. If they won't let's vote ppl into their seats who will!
7 years or 17... Make up your mind and stick with one lie!

Just REPEAL!  No replace!  Let free market work!  Government doesn't run ANYTHING efficiently. Over bloated at cost too much $$$!!!
I promise if they don't, the American people WILL remember and they will be out faster than Hillary's concession speech. Ok that as slow 
Your daddy didn't love you and you never got his approval, isn't it about time you got over it?
Fire Sessions!  Drain the Swamp!   Beautiful speech on upcoming vote!  Please do more of that
You're winning all the time. You are  so awesome. By far the best POTUS ever. Keep up the good work. You've accomplished so much.
Healthcare is a lot harder than Trump thought but I'm sure a couple more days of fixin and it'll be good to go!
Yes repeal, but repeal ALL not just part. MAGA




not with out a replacement
