Sick. Bad. Sad!
How did that go??
Turns out the celebration was way premature. The people of this country won't tolerate or support "GOP ONLY" healthcare plans.  Concessions!
If victorious, Republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful Rose Garden of the White House immedia...
If victorious, Republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful Rose Garden of the White House immediately after vote!
If it's a victory to deny affordable healthcare to millions while giving the rich a tax break, then drink up GOP. Hitler would be proud.
Booo!!
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
You don't understand how the government works. If that slime passes you are 1/3 the way there.  "Unqualified to be President" good epitath.
I stand behind our President.
什么胜利？
I've never voted before till now I voted for you trump I know that it will never happen but I'd like to shake your hand
Wow
Boo. You are adversely affecting so many of us - you have no concept of the impact in repealing. Just make mods!
Did you sign legislation today? No, so it isn't a victory.
Idiot
That is what a woman would do. #TrannyTrump
Wonderful Mr Trump God bless you everything and your family...
Sick man
As promised...♡
How can live with yourself,taking food out the mouths of children and the elderly,and their health care
Please, Please make sure pre exciting conditions are covered, President Trump I beg you
You are JOKE, your bill is a JOKE, your attitude towards the American people is a JOKE. WHEN WILL IT END? Please quit
Cool. Divide us even more...
Ewww
We need strippers
If victorious #WeThePeople will be having a big press conference celebrating getting you out of the @WhiteHouse
I'm sick to my stomache over your ego led incompetences!
We're with you all the way Mr President. Now it's time to drain the rest of the swamp. Have a great day. Godspeed
So glad you guys can have a luxurious victory party to celebrate the death of hundreds of thousands of Americans. You go girls!
You sentence millions of American to death by withholding healthcare and then you celebrate???  You are the definition of evil.
Dribble
A circle jerk?
dear Mr President keep up the great work thank you for being a strong leader god bless sir
You meant " beer party for white guys"right?
Have it at Mar-a-WTF and serve some wonderful chocolate cake.
Good job Mr. President
Other countries get cradle-to-grave aid (because 99% of the population aren't rich daddy's boys like you), and we get your
Billionaire Boys Club Death Panels, who are also accessories to your acts of treason.
Mr trey gowdy as NEW COMPETENT FBI DIRECTOR, NOW ,STAT OUR COUNTRY NEEDS HIM AND YOU MR PRESIDENT.
"IF"
#cockholster
U meant a kegger party....right?  Looked more like a frat party.
Yup and they all got balloons and lollipops, now go on home and FACE  your UNINSURED CONSTITUANTS/ I'm missing my T off time
THIS WAS A DISGUSTING DISPLAY OF YOUR HATRED FOR AMERICANS.  WE ALL KNOW YOU LOVE PUTIN. PLEASE MOVE TO RUSSIA!
Talk about wasting taxpayer dollars
You had your victory party and the healthplan is a flop You weren't victorious
With horse piss beer!
so we can laugh in the faces of all those who will lose healthcare under #Trumpcare. #GOPDeathPanels #RepublicanDeathPanels
Partying to celebrate destroying the possibility of health care for millions, is a despicable act. 2018 is coming. Enjoy the hangover
@realDonaldTrump Do you ever tire of congratulating yourselves with our tax money? I think it's time for a little legal healthcare genocide!
A bunch of wealthy white men celebrating. Yay
I pray that the entire Republican Party gets on board with you Mr. President and brings home a healthcare victory for the American people.
premature ejection you know a lot about
Oh, I'm sure- like a bunch of drunken frat boys!  Aren't you a peach, or an "orange".
Oh you mean the vote to kill Americans?
Ha!
You like golden showers
I believe that's called a cluster fuck
All you care about is tax cuts for the rich and saying you "won."  You don't care about working people at all.
ONLY AN INSECURE IDIOT WOULD CELEBRATE A BILL GOING THROUGH JUST THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES....DOPE.
There will be refreshments for the guests, activities for the kids, and no coverage for rape and domestic abuse victims. But it's pretty!
Enjoy while you can. Do do know how ridiculous you all looked right? 2018 all your buddies will be gone. You pissed off your own voters too
Celebrate the win -- at half time
Oh, do u mean the beer and hi-five horror show republicans put on? It will come back to bite em in their derrière.
Please release your tax returns. In a world of alternative facts and fake news, it may assist us in taking you seriously.
Big victory $800B tax cut for the wealthy. Every single tweet is laughable or outright false. Looking forward to your impeachment.
Was that the day you all chugged beer like over zealous frat boys celebrating the future deaths of citizens? Asking for a friend.
we the bbb of southern Colorado wrote kktv11 up 4 it 3 years after here we are
that a another fellony regilos discrimination federal law
and da u will drop THAT charge against my mom or I will put u in prison 2 for alown fellons ur witness s to commit felony s
What's with the sudden promoting of the Rose Garden? Has that become a property of yours that you want to sell access to?
U know Dems voted also. Traders
If the WH is so beautiful - why doesn't your wife live there with you?
#SallyYatesIsAPATRIOT
Fool!
A victory party comparable to beer party at a frat house. No class.
So why is Congress exempting themselves from yr "great" healthcare plan? Will u b covered by the plan you want to inflict on all Americans?
Beer in the Rose Garden on the taxpayer'a tab--screwed us twice in one day!
Mr trump I'm going to take karate kungfu and jujitsu all at once so I can mix style 2gether
Nothing like a bunch of rich, white elderly men standing around espousing their Christian values & celebrating the suffering of others
look like it all white where is the blacks? look prejudice to me
Yes. You had a kegger to celebrate that millions of Americans will suffer under your anti-American plan.
How pathetic! Denying medical care to millions is a sign of victory to you and Paul Ryan. Callous!
-hope you enjoy that victory while 24 million Americans lose healthcare & others go bankrupt do to pre-existing conditions!
Hah.    The senate will crush this ugliness.
MR trump God said people will hear they will see it is true what i ben sayn about cspd kktv11
They were and did.
But haven't won anything to celebrate! Fool
I hope you get stuck in the ass by a YUGE thorn, and it festers 
It's a photo-op of all insecure white males in the American Government.  Shameful
YES! Celebrate  removing health care from vulnerable peopleSAD
How is millions losing healthcare victorious?
GOP best get the job done or their going to get voted out along with the Democrats.
Glad it's soon to be gone. Only the subsidized can use it. Everyone else's deductible is so high they can't use it.
Yes. Let's celebrate giving the rich a 17% tax cut instead of insuring the people who need insurance the most.
And drink beer to celebrate all Americans losing their healthcare because I needed to look successful. SAD
The #potomacriver by your new house gets E.Coli from the wastewater treatment plant upriver. Funding keeps water clean #SciJack
You know this isn't law right?
Funny you kill GOP and call that victory!
What's victorious about 24 mill people not having healthcare. You.are.dumb.
Glad you all stopped short of dancing on our graves.
You all should be forced to have the coverage you deem acceptable for the American people
JUST IN: Grand Juries Closing In On Donald Trump – W.H. Claims Ignorance.
Celebrating the decimation of people's lives?!
Celebrating a little too soon ain't cha, LOW DOWN BASTER
Celebrating sending people to their deaths. You guys looked really proud. #deathpanel
Who are you kidding. It's just you and a bunch of white supremacists. Loser
Not to long ago it would have been honor to celebrate a victory with a president...not anymore...
It was an impressive meeting of old white males, celebrating the gutting of women's healthcare.  Being raped is now a pre-existing condition
A big press conference!  Stop tweeting.
Oh good!  Waste more taxpayer money.  It's not your money since you don't pay any.
.

Warren Buffet hits ObamaCare repeal bill: It's "a huge tax cut for guys like me" http://hill.cm/rYWdLDT  
Mr trump u am call in u as a witness to the evidence I have Ben postn on ur page Mr trump
I didn't care what the hardy boys think I got them
.  I am walking on all
You're going DOWN!
Who needs death camps, when Donald Trump & The entire Republican Party passes legislation intended TO KILL thousands of civilian Americans
Pyrrhic victory at best. Will lose in Senate. Each GOP vote is a political death warrant for a member of Congress. YOU LOSE AGAIN Lying Don.
Why couldn't you host the teachers of the year in the rose garden? Instead you crammed them in the Oval Office and made them sing to Melania
Didn't you ever hear, that you should not count your Chickens, before they hatch?
Remember this when you lose the House.
Odd to use the word "victorious" in this context.
A little premature wouldn't you say. It still has to go to the Senate. They will rewrite it with more compassion just like Obamacare had.
Pretty disgusting to celebrate 24 million people loosing their health care including veterans.
Trump has LIED from day 1 !!  What happened to Universal Healthcare ????  #All about the rich !!
You and melania should have come out to red oak grille and dance all night in bedminster
You are seriously addicted to simple adjectives. Open up a thesaurus, and then maybe the constitution. Bigly bad!
we love victories over countrymen? we won, you lost? in democracy the "losing" party" will support all decisions democratically made, agree?
What are you celebrating it has not even gone to the senate. Oh I forgot A Dog and Pony Show. Good for ratings as well. You promote hatred.
However now Donald care will be replace Obama care and next president will Mr X!! Care
are you wearing your prom dress
https://twitter.com/mostevens72/status/861043928576835585 …
I watched and it was glorious!
Never saw people trying harder to pretend they're happy.
