The BRA USED TO BE A GREAT ORGANISATION, BEFORE THE UNETHICAL BUNCH TOOK IT OVER.
Nra
Didn't you try to bang the entertainment tonight chick?

Nope. A discredited judge can't be "great" any where or when. Worse is the guy that loses to him. As in Luther Strange. The guy you backed.
That sounds like an excellent reason NOT to vote for him! The NRA hasn't represented gun owners for 40 years! They represent manufacturers.
Sorry sir, we know McConnell asked you to back Strange. But hopefully Alabama will Drain the Swamp for you.
We don't need a blank check signing yes man for you in the Senate
STOPPP SUPPORTING THE SWAMP@lutherstrange @potus CORRUPT AS THEY COME HE's HATED HE's a CROOK TELL HIM @CLewandowski_ 
lobbyists love Luther.  He's  establisment.  Supports DACA.  Big Luther is Big Gov.  No thx.  Drain the swamp, don't fill it.
Moore is the man for our country.  Don't need another Rino. Judge Moore has principles and values that made our country great.
That the NRA endorsed him should tell sane voters everything they need to know about 'Strange'. Toddlers with access to guns kill. No thanks
Is that the only criteria you have for picking leadership? seems like a rather narrow view.
LOL! Hilarious......
Insane 
To bad that you are letting everyone down smh
You really r a piece of work. Gun owners should vote for anyone the NRA supports?! Thr r other, bigger issues 2 consider. #FuckinIdiot  
I try hard not to think about it but our president really is a moron. So sorry.
You are so inappropriate.
The NRA would support Domestic Terrorism if they could profit from it.  NOT a good endorsement!!
We all know how you want people to "exercise their second amendment rights".
Yes, well, I own guns; however, I'm not enough of an idiot to allow an organization which funds GOP campaigns to dictate MY vote.

Nice try
Nambia
you already have..
God you are such a piece of shit.

The only true constitutionalist is Judge Roy Moore. You are foolish to support Mitch McConnell's man.
Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell support Luther Strange.... Vote for  Roy Moore.
Why are you supporting the swamp not draining it? Moore isn't establishment!!
You really are a sick man.
great so more kids can shoot up schools
Yeah because that a good reason to vote for someone...
Mean while in Puerto Rico guns are useless... as you continue to screw them over
fire Sessions and quit listening to McConnell about this strange guy. He's a rino hippie.
We like Moore.
Your horribleness can be smelled across the Atlantic Ocean
great logic - NOT
That may be the best reason not to support that .
This simplistic statement matches the intellectual level of Trump and his supporters.
How much money has the NRA contributed to your campaign? Just asking.
You're a liar, crook thief con artist stole $$$ from children with Cancer stiffed workers so many bankruptcy can't name them all#LockTrumpUp
Swamp monster strange
OMFG What is the MATTER WITH U! I have never seen SUCH bull CRAP IN MY LIFE! U sure know how to LOAD IT UP! MAKE IT LOOK even uglier than b4
NOPE! Strange is the swamp! #VoteJudgeRoyMoore @MooreSenate @TeamMoore for #ALSenate STOP ENDORSING THE ESTABLISHMENT!!
Love them gun owners in Alabama!
Maybe they can shoot him to show that they love him, seems kind of apt.......
Gun groups are supporting Judge Moore.
Why are you letting America down Mr. President? Stop pushing for more gun laws, and #KeepYourPromises, #ProtectThe2ndAmendment. Instead, look in to root cause; #PsychotropicDrugs
ياالله
Impeach and save America
What's this???
Preserve and protect the 2nd amendment!
I hope he wins!
Blah blah blah you got no Game
Until their kids find a gun and kill a friend. Or a mass shooting. Then, you're on your own.
Wow. I'm sure all gun owners know by now that no one is taking their guns. So don't waste ur time on Strange.
Adding to swamp - anti Mitch vote will go to other candidate. That should be a sign we are sick of lazy Ditch Mitch!!!
that's a no vote for anyone with any sense
Well fuck me, 'gun owner' is a president-endorsed category. AND, a gun decides your political swayings for you?I'll stick to throwing knives
Love Trump
stop tweeting and go do literally anything to help hurricane victims
Only endorsed Luther because he's an incumbent.  He didn't even get elected.  Additionally Gun Owners of America and NAGR support Moore.
Yikes! 
Support the other Guy Mr President
Hey Donnie seeing you are giving out nicknames, I got one for you. How about Bogey Man?  Yeah,I like it. Tweet u soon Bogey Man ...Enjoy
WELOVEYOU Trump!!BUTWECHOOSEMoore!!DRAINTHESWAP!!STANDWITHPALIN!!WEWANTMoore!!
Sick!

after all that hell u raised about Mexico that whole area, always remember GOD got the last word!!! What about the wall ?

What an outhouse toilet - NRA, Alabama govt, Luther Strange, and you
And the @NRA is now in my sights, with their succubus @DLoesch in my cyberr-space crosshairs -
That's it Donald, advocate the unacceptable power of the NRA to influence government for their own ends. You, and they are bloody shameful
I live in Alabama and I won't vote for "big Luther" because of your endorsement
He's one of us!  But so is Moore!
No, he'll just shoot you if he don't like what you say, giddy up podner! Hip hip hooray for the NRA!!!!
You are pushing really hard for Strange. You must be good buddies? 
Don't you think there is real work to do?
Is Moore coming for your guns? Repubs are silly.
I LOVE YOU SIR, BUT "BIG" LUTHER STRANGE IS NOT DOWN WITH MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN LIKE YOU ARE. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK, SIR.
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence STRANGE is part of the do nothing RINO/GOP Establishment SWAMP. STRANGE is an ENEMY of #WeThePeople & #USA
Hot dang there Tweetle Lee Dumb that'll get'em flocking to the polls like pidgeons on a pee tape!
This tweet really really means you should not vote for this person.
He better make himself clear on the big issues like DACA before you back him
The NRA is lining your pockets. Americans want RESPONSIBLE GUN LAWS. #NoFlyNoBuy
DRCAFTA loves this guy He made millions lobbying for moving mfg jobs out of AL 2 central america How can support this slug?
You all yell about 2nd amendment-how about the 1st? Religion? Breaking that. free press, not fake media. assembly-states trying to stop
Give us back our constitutional gun right! End this all these liberal restrictions!
2024*
Your boy got his fucking ass kicked tonight in a debate, I know you didn't even know there was a debate.
How much did the NRA pay LIAR RACIST TRAITOR Trump to endorse Strange & how many voters are they keeping away from the polls to ensure a win
So now we’ve come to this Q: “reason to vote someone into office” A: “I like big guns! Pew pew!!”
The @NRA also endorsed McConnell. SMH.
Someone should really check what you type in your tweets before posting.....
Unfortunately he is buddies with McConnell so he has already let us down.
Wonder how many are bots on here? 
@realDonaldTrump  Is trying to move from Con-Man to Pimp. Big Luther the Hooker
Just because they own guns they should vote for him...you are insane ...do you even hear yourself ..you need to be in a padded cell
I own a dog. Should I go with the ASPCA endorsement? That's such a crock! People should vote their conscience. But I get how u wouldn't know
Everyday Obama looks better and better.
https://mobile.twitter.com/nowthisnews/status/910918805257306112/video/1 …
Wow. Just how inappropriate is that from a standing president. Shocking.
Liar, Liar, Pants on Fire.
NRA is out of touch with what real Americans want. Out of day and out of touch.

Not all gun owners support the NRA.
Vomit
Yes, you should own all gun owners.  The NRA is your best friend - I bet 99% of those assholes voted for you.  DOUCHE BAG DONALD!
If we want gun violence to end , maybe get rid of the NRA and politicians that rely on them to get elected. Not what the job is all about!
THAT STRANGEr WILL POP YOU FULL OF LEAD

SURE AS SHOOTIN

BUT BETTER THAN THAT CRAZY JUDGE DUDE

LOVE Y'ALL 
BIG BAMA
I bet Mexico & Honduras strongly endorse strange Luther 2 How can you endorse mitch's bitch? He is bad 4 American
Luther->another dotard
Oh, that's right, the NRA decides who gets elected.
What a sound logical argument...vote for Luther b/c the NRA endorses him.  
#IgnoranceIsBliss
Sounds like Mitch McConnell is bribing Trump to  endorse scum Luthor Strange instead of  conservative Moore. Trump now part of the swamp?
You are such an ads,do you read anything?
Cry leftist cry lol your breaking our hearts..
Scare tactics n use of popular agendas is pitiful. I'm liberal n belive in the right to bear arms n can still spot a huckster a mile away.
I'm a multi gun owner and I'm proud to say..........are you fucking nuts? Because the NRA endorses him? Whisky-Tango-Foxtrot!! #dotard
Judge Roy Moore is about the constitution and bill of rights. The swamp critters are not about the pole cat big Luther
Russia strongly endorsed you @realDonaldTrump. What does that say?
A Well Regulated MILITIA Necessary in the Defense of a Free State...INFO..thats the FIRST PART of the 2 A...LEARN IT
What the actual f is wrong witchu
You don't know jack about who does a good job, nor do you care about what's best for the people.  #dotard
Do you realize that Strange supports DACA and moved jobs out of America, do your research please Trump.
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/09/21/exclusive-make-central-america-great-again-luther-strange-lobbied-for-trade-deal-that-drained-thousands-of-alabama-jobs-to-honduras-mexico/ …

So, vote for the gun nut instead of the religious nut. In Alabama, that is seen as a fine choice.
Most gun owners shun the NRA because it is a criminal organization. You, as part of one yourself, have no such compunctions.
We need to Drain the Swamp! Alabama must Vote for Judge Roy Moore and DestROY MOORE SWAMP.  We love the NRA but we love the USA MOORE.
Seriously?  Big Luther? Are you 14?
No they shouldnt
Lex Luther
Bahahaha!
Means he's bought by them and endorsed by you. What could be worse.
People who own guns do not follow the orders of the NRA!
No, if the NRA is behind it, that means more people to die from gunshot wounds
That's an automatic NO
Why do "Christians" have so much fear & trust in their guns? I trust in God. That's Biblical. Don't Bible believers believe that anymore?
Sound like logic of an idiot

Do me a favor-share this with Donald Trump. He blocked Laura so we need to make sure he gets this video message. 

NRA supporter we are legal gun owners , think mena, AK when you think illegal guns and drugs.

Shut up crazy man
is he also your second in command in the KKK
Will he help BUILD THE WALL?
Yea, guns!
Please tell NFL Pittsburgh..BIG MISTAKE. I tried to sell my psl i thru it away. LETS GO FOR A 25% RATING DROP. LETS TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK
Coz what America needs is more gun nuts in power, don't you dare comment on UK issues till you sort out US gun crime!
Now if we can only get grandstander McCain to decide if he is a Republican or Democrat!!!
Are they the same assholes as the ones in Va who were so brave  walking around with their AR 15's. Freakin white supremist
Great, another white supremacy group.  Maybe now they can get silencers on "hunting" rifles.
What a dumb ass statement from our dictator
The NRA are cowardly idiots.  Real men don't hide behind guns.
Gun ownership should be st the bottom of the list of the issues we are facing today.  #climatechangeisreal
And everyone else should not vote for him.
You're a complete moron. F you and f the NRA
There's more than one issue

End DACA
An organization that exists only to raise money. 80% of NRA members favor national gun registration. 
You are a moron for suggesting this.
Is that what it means?  Citizens should blindly vote for for whomever the NRA endorses?  You are a dotard, indeed!
All gun owners should AIM
The majority of US citizens strongly endorse Mueller to take your ass out of the White House.
That's a reason NOT to vote for him.  He's sold his soul to the NRA.  He won't let his demons down.  The rest of us can, you know, go to...
That's what we need more people in power we guns and that support more guns. Sad
Respectfully,  Moore is the better person.    Strange is a swamp creature.
But will he shoot you?
NRA also endorsed McCain how's that worked out? NRA are dead wrong
How are your Numbers, Donnie? Got a lot of Americans support, huh? 35%?  SAD!
