People are working hard to dig themselves out of water meanwhile our president is golfing
You were bashing Obama for not going to LA after the flooding bc he was on vaca yet here you waited over a week to go help PR
Because you were.. GOLFING?! leaving American citizens stranded without power, food, water, etc.. step up Donald. Get off Twitter.
Why is Melania going?
“@KatDevlon: @realDonaldTrump Why is Melania going? ”.    Wretched excess vs humanity
I swear, sometimes I feel like I just can’t “do” this anymore!  
Why don't you NOT go and just say you did???  Your base will still believe you!
Thats would be Obama fans who think he is the  greatest.  #believebullshit. Hillary lost get over it. #snowflake
......come see me and mel at our Campaign Rally and Photo Ops in Puerto Rico, special prices...signed photo and cap $75.89 or 2 for $199.99
Dear motherfingearth....don't insult the tweetrFUHRER LIKE THAT....don't forget.....I get even....mel also...
We are with you in spirit! We know ur a good man n are behind you 1000%! Thanks for your tweets to us. Fake news has no cred!
Is Donald Trump's presidency Fake News or a Bad Dream?  Im a life long Republican who's sick of lack of diplomacy, childlike...
Noooooooooooo  No one wants you there  Just #resign
I hope they arrest you on corruption charges due to your golf club scam that swindled PR out of more than $30,000,000.00
If you have a case of Melania, maybe you should wait until you're well. The last thing PR needs is another germ infesting the island.
Tell her to wear stilettos. I want the left wing media focused on her shoes.
MAGA
Oh, did you find a good golf course there??
We hope @potus is able to make it to St Thomas. We need unity and cooperation more than ever, not negativity and conflict. #usvi #vistrong
How nice! Hopefully they can get one of their golf courses cleaned up for you in time 
Libs will continue to lie, Mayor will continue feeding CNNs narrative. Typical day in Alt Left loon land
GREAT, OUR LOVELY FIRST LADY NEVER FAILS TO TOUCH THE HEARTS OF EVERYONE-HER COMPASSION IS PALPABLE! MR. PREZ, WE LOVE OUR MELANIA! 
@Sue8951 LOVE HAVING YOU AS OUR PRESIDENT.WE PRAY A HEDGE OF PROTECTION AROUND YOU DAILY. PROUD OF MELANIA 2. SAFE TRAVELS.
@Sue8951 MR. PRESIDENT YOU WORK SO HARD FOR AMERICA.DONT LET THE EVIL ONES DISCOURAGE YOU. LOTS MORE SEE YOUR AND U.
Thank you President Trump!! God bless.
Oh shit, please don't go. You'll cause more disaster and contamination then Maria and Global Warming. You don't need to come, just send help
"will hopefully stop at the Virgin Islands" wtf?? as If it still hasn't been decided yet? Boy bye
He's ridiculous
Like if #PuertoRico needs to have you and #Melania  there on tuesday!! Both of you are good for NOTHING!!! ZERO LEADERSHIP!
I am so glad Trump is the president. Brought  all the lefties  to thier knees .
Torn between fascist/monarch joke and a Fox News fellating Trump joke.

Also, you find joy in people who disagree being upset?

Also, their.
Why is Melania going? Is it too try and give you some fucking humanity or credibility? At least she knows how to respect your stupid flag!
Great. So @PuertoRicoPUR has to deal with TWO natural disasters now.
Take Jessica Tarlov with you..she thinks you don't belong in the job..show the big mouth lib what it's like to work..@JessicaTarlov
Lol...you said EXACTLY what I feel..Thank YOU CANNOT stand JESSICA..I watched the wicked witch yesterday ...if you ONLY knew my thoughts ..
Awkward
So are you using "people" in a sentence because of your limited vocabulary - or are you admitting "they are people?"
You should have been there last Tuesday. Not tomorrow
So basically, he's going to visit all of these places in 1 day and then fly out to Vegas for a few days, play some golf, and go to DC. wow.
I hope you are lost at sea.
I hope there's mob justice given. Oh but wait, according to him, they are all too lazy....
Keep your trophy wife at home if she can't take off her sun glasses to look a family in the eyes we don't need her
I was wondering why she always had those things on.
Just remember she is there this time.
I voted for you. As a PRican I find the omissions, delay in help, smugness, insults, cruelty bad. But I don't hate you I pray for you
God bless you and our First Lady
Your golf weekend is more important than helping a few Latinos... don't go to Puerto Rico, don't think you're welcome there
#ImpeachTrump
6 more senators needed before the impeachment process begins
Delusional Donnie alwsys a day late & a dollar short demonstrates his failing leadership & pathetic incompetence!
Are you bringing play doh?
Every day you make these guys look better and better.... because they ARE!!! You are a but a flea on their greatness. #growaheart #savePR
Get those bums at the port back to work.
PLEASE DON'T GO! YOUR PRESENCE IS NOT WANTED! SEND HELICOPTERS TO DROP SUPPLIES AND TROOPS TO UNLOAD SHIPS!
PR doesn’t want you. You’re an embarrassment to America. Why not just plan a trip to Russia instead?
is Melania going to wear her snakeskin spike heels?
Yep ppl working hard U AREN'T you've have destroyed our image around the world and making money as ppl are dying and lives are destroyed
Be sure she packs her heels!!
Hopefully she can give the secret service the slip.
From Puerto Rican who’s parents live on the Island. “Don’t believe anything that the mainstream media tells you about President Trump...”
Let's hope you don't forget that FLOTUS is there with you this time 
Too late you’ve already have shown us how you really feel about the U.S. citizens of V.I. & P.R.
Help Florida & Texas first! We all appreciate what YOU DO!!! Let the Clintonits help then!!!
.Hey, #PresidentJackass, why bother going to #USA colonies filled with people you #hate? Hispanics and African-Americans. Stay the hell away from #PuertoRico and #USVirginIslands. They don't need you. They need massive amounts of people who can help rebuild. 1/
.They need real men and women to help find the missing.We ALL know #PresidentJackass has never worked a day in his 71 years of life.He can't,&wouldn't even if he could,lift a finger to help people he obviously thinks are the most #deplorable #humanbeings on face of the earth. 2/
.Hey, #PresidentJackass, 10,000 people may sound like a lot to you but on an island of 3.4M people it's #NOT. #RESIGNNowTrumpAndPence so they can try to put real men&women in your positions who actually want to be POTUS/VP to #ALLAmericans #NOT just those who've voted for them 3/
.YOU, #PresidentJackass, are the worst #SoCalledPresident the #USA could have ever chosen. YOU care only about yourself & your bank accounts. Instead of continuing to rob #America blind #RESIGNNowTrumpAndPence &save taxpayers the expense of #Impeachment proceedings #ImpeachAll 4/
You really need to stop tweeting. You are a danger to the country.
Trump please stay in Puerto Rico when you finally visit, maybe build a golf course, you embarrassment to all Americans and the entire world.
lol is that code for "we're gonna stop in the us virgin islands for a golf vaca"
Donald, wait until Puerto Rico gets power back and finds out that your main contribution was going golfing on the weekend #VetsAgainstTrump
You are visiting PR on Tuesday?  Haven't these poor people been through enough? Stay away,  they need help not a self applauding idiot.
... Do you actually read your tweets before posting them (seriously).
Sir, I'm reading reports that the union is blocking aid distribution & trucks leaving with aid are being robbed by gangs.
Thank You Mr. President, I’m in #PR We are really devastated, with Your help & Congress We can Make PR Great Again #MPRGA #PRStrong 
My last tweet. No matter what you do to P.R. or to anyone, I thank you, I pray for Jesus Christ and Mary to bless you. Thank you President
Be sure she has her hurricane stilettos on. I’m sure UR expecting a massive crowd again & you’ll be correct...they have no way to escape u.
Is this a euphemism? If so it's probably for something illegal.
PRican who voted for you. You should be impeached, although I know presidents are just actors for those who pull the strings behind the scen
WE ARE SO BLESSED TO HAVE A STAND UP PATRIOT PRESIDENT AS OUR COMMANDER IN CHIEF.  WE LOVE & PRAY FOR YOU & YOUR PRECIOUS FAMILY. GOD BLESS
Stop by Mexico on the way back (people working hard).
Melanie, please leave your Stilettos at home !
Get a pet you DONATED to.humane SOCIETY.PLEASE
Someone send a disaster warning to PR & the VI, STAT!
Alleged "president" incoming!! 
P R cop telling what is TRULY going on.Crying, coz aid is there, Goven. & Mayors withholding! Beg 4 US forces
Stay in PR and do something
How bout you send AF1 w/ all available space filled w/ supplies & w/ you not on board because no one in Puerto Rico wants you there
Hope you're going to fill your plane with desperately needed aid.....unforgivable if you turn up with nothing on board other than your hair
گەمارۆدان بەهێزترمان دەكات
الحصار يجعلنا أقوى
блокада делает нас сильнее
Ablukanın bizi daha güçlü yapıyor

封锁使我们更强大
Why did this tweet remind me of you @CerSpence (both commonly use parenthesis)
Hope you’re filling your  with supplies. They rather c that than u! Especially after criticizing the mayor who was waist deep water
Be sure Melania wears her high stilettos.  I hear the floodwater is pretty deep
Don't you think they're suffering enough?
Tell her to ditch stiletto heels this time.
Obama who sold out US, Clinton who stole from the ppl of Haiti & sold uranium to Putin.PR being an island is harder to get 2 help is there.

Puerto Rico's cop telling the truth about Hurricane Maria's aid https://youtu.be/5Uc1pPsKt_s  via @YouTube
Find out what Puerto Rico does with the $21Billion they get from the US Taxpayers, please. #PuertoRicoRelief

LISTEN UP !!!! Puerto Rican Cop Calls Radio Station, Claims Democrat Mayor @CarmenYulinCruz is Sabotaging Relief Efforts To Make @realdon @realDonaldTrump Look Bad & Secure Votes With…
People are dying because of your incompetence! Disgusting sad Fake President
If I were in Puerto Rico right now I'd expect you with rotten eggs because that is what you are rotten
I hope it's not for a photo op! Instead, take boots&gloves & get your hands dirty 2 help those poor Americans you .
Tues? Oh for sure! U have To prepare the show before...PR' are are suffering now but U are spending your time figrhing against everybody!
#YOUBITCH
I thought you said they "want everything done for them?"
Find this officer to get the truth...  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Uc1pPsKt_s&sns=tw … via @youtube

Melania is gorgeous! She represents our nation so well, proud to see her as first lady!
What. In high heels and looking glam again while people of Puerto Rico have no water, electricity, homes or much of anything left?
A tad late, don't ya think? How's the golf game?
What the f..k good is that going to do
Shut up.
I hope you get Zika.
Please please and please just stay home Trump! This is not a photo op this is not going to make your reputation any better!
Perhaps they'll all boo you. Or moon you. Either would be well deserved.
I really doubt they want you there.

In case you ever wondered how Trump decides to help someone or not. We found the scale  
I hope they give you the 
Will you even notice that she will be standing next to you this time?
Too little, too late.
Your trophy wife is getting to see SO many cool places!!!
I don't know if you can find it among all the bodies of water, it might be too much work for you!
You are NOTwelcome, stay home asshole
Stay on the golf course and leave them alone.
Impeachment!!!
Take action and please stop tweeting and insulting people.  Negative comments don't help the people of PR.  U make it harder to support u
In the meantime, be sure to take good care of yourself by golfing as often as possible.  'Cause, you know, priorities.
PLEASE DONT GET TROPICAL PNEUMONIA. At your age that could be very very serious.
Too little too late.

Very disturbing that DOJ and Sessions are not taking any action in the IRS scandal. Message to all bureaucrats: Do your worst. #loislerner
Make sure you wear your heels and sunglasses cause one doesn't want to look fake
Tuesday? How about working through the weekend and actually learning about what is going on - but no- can’t mess up your golf weekend! SAAAD
Will you know she is there?
*fingers crossed*
And hopefully you remember that Melanie is actually there with you.  while she’s standing next to you.
Really 45. Can you find your way there. It's in the ocean. A big ocean. Hopefully you will go by way of the Bermuda Triangle
Send the national guard the marines the navy the army ... send your message to the world #americafirst Mr president. This was your promise.
#USAstrong 
Why is your 3rd wife going. Afraid to leave her behind. This is work not take your wife to work
May God bless and put a shield of protection around you and FLOTUS. 
Why not today? Oh...golf...forgot
I hope you plan on being a real hero like the mayor and wade through the flooded streets to help pendejo 

(Written while having dinner at a golf resort)
Stay out of the way. There is work to be done and you aren't qualified.
Too late. Should've gone there instead of golf course.
Enjoy your weekend, Sir.
Donnie Boy only cares for his own self gratification...continually getting off on himself. Such a Loser.
Don't go send aid.  Sell an estate or two!  Spend less of taxpayer money on golf trips.  Be a man!  Be Presidential.  Be Barack Obama!
This should be a hoot 
Looks like everyone is working hard except you, loser. Get more troops to PR, #stopgolfing  and get off Twitter.
Don't bother.
TELL MELANIA TO SKIP THE FRICKIN HIGH-HEELS.  DON'T FORGET OK MR. #DEMENTIA ?  #ResistMAGA #ResistTrump #ResistFakePOTUS #ResistCorruption
Great! C U Next Tuesday. #PuertoRicoReliefNOW
trump, make sure you bring plenty of your hats to sell.  I'm sure the people there can't wait to shell out 40 bucks apiece for them.
Haber si te da chikungunya so cabron . Y que encuentres a tu mujer comiendo morcilla cabron .
Do us a favor and walk into the ocean. The big, very big ocean.
Amen Sir!! We know you've done plenty and continue your work 24/7... your time to take a vacation W/Family
https://www.facebook.com/laura.k.schimmel/posts/10210951139596764 …
Only reason you are going - Like with the housing bubble popping in 2007, it will be a great time for you to pick up land on the cheap!
Would be awesome if they would go San Juan so Melanie can punch the mayor in the nose for her lies
#fucktrump
Love our President and his Classy first Lady.
Dont you want him to help others.  Jesus loves you.
MAGA
Bbb
Beautiful big boy
Please don't interrupt your weekly goldf vacation. Citizens are only dying
67k likes and 20k comments, just shows that it the #minority who hate @realDonaldTrump 3 times as many love what he is saying #MAGA #Winning
Just so you know.. At least 1/3 of tRumps followers are fake accounts. I wonder how many fake likes he is getting?
Nice try, but at least 50% of the haters are fake accounts or have risen from the dead to cast the rhetoric of the #LibDems Like the voters!
Go Solar, Solutions for #PuertoRico- Working with FEMA they will distribute if we reach our goal #cleanenergy #Solar
Ur excellence sir what is government doing concerning issue of biafrans and Nigeria
Idiot
The real Melania or that fake one?
Let us know how the President of the Virgin Islands is doing?
Be sue to say hi to the president of the virgin
Did you meet with the President of the Virgin Islands? #trumpisamoron
Does Melania need a new pair of Loubs to wear to greet the now homeless citizens of Puerto Rico?
