That's why you congratulate them for being wounded, right? #GFY
You know what they say about guys that always talk about how big they are? They're not...lol. so how big are you Donny?
You should have stayed in your previous life. You would have done the world a huge solid.
You haven't done shit. Oh wait you RENEWED a bill. #simple
Thank you for your wonderful sarcasm each morning
We Americans and our family appreciate that. My brother is a disabled vet from 9 tours in middle east. PTSD & physical.
So pleased with this. They deserve so much @POTUS
How about making the VA Home Loan process a little easier.
I'm still waiting for an invite for a face to face talk.
Why have you written 'vets' in capitals?
Happy ed balls day donald
Um what?

Phillip, do you get VA benefits. I do, and I can tell you the VA is improving from personal experience. Can you say as much?
Healthcare that's free is terrible in this country as to oboma care free to them and extra money for everyone else
funny...Trump tweets and the haters drop their pants and show their ass's :)
Isn't it what you wimped out of ?
Keeping another promise? What has he done to improve the VA? Show me a list of actions. @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
No, @realDonaldTrump. Giving huge tax breaks to billionaires is not tremendous progress for anyone! Just cuz u say it doesn't make it true!
You don't love anything you don't see in the mirror.
Shut up
Every time you use the word "ever" or "never" I just can't believe you.

Shame you chickened out of serving yourself.
Did you serve Tom Davidson?
Your trying to bully people but  we are not backing down! You lefties lost once get ready
How about the families of #veterans
But, Mr. President, when are you going to #draintheswamp  and start surrounding yourself with Patriots not war mongers?
#LyinDon we all know Vets like me are nothing but a talking point & distraction from #Trumprussia for you
#NoWar w/ #DPRK
#Unfit
#JediWisdom
Isaiah 49:25
But thus says the Lord: “Even the captives of the mighty shall be taken away, And the prey of the [1/2]
terrible be delivered; For I will contend with him who contends with you, And I will save your children. [2/2]
Trump is NOT a man of god, he has never asked for forgiveness. Stop pretending that he is sent from God. #Conditioned
Yes he is a man of God.
Ya, all men describe women preachers as "She's blonde and cute and perky and endlessly optimistic."DJT abt.Paula White
Gossip, belittling especially the President is a reflection on you.  Please be nice.
POTUS words and actions reflection on him. Tell him to be nice. Even his compliments are insincere
Exactly. And, he judges women by looks alone. Sexist!!
we're the greatest country on earth, we made the worlds a better place,epic shit can't be done with basic thinkers,Donald Trump is epic!!
Epic shit in reference to tRump is so appropriate
#PresidentShithole
Show us your taxes instead of your insecure bluster, Comrade Donald!
LoL--I see that pic &all I can think is Where's the Mission Accomplished banner? 
You thought it would be easier. Just take the L for the first 100 days.
The only thing Trump has passed in Congress is gas
Even that's hard with the greatest lying backstabbing anti-American traitorous demon-rats around. Ignorant liberals like stupid on steroids
Care to try that again in English? I don't speak Trump gibberish.
You don't speak or text American either.
You are out of your fucking mind. Most vets would take a flamethrower to the VA and reduce it to tiny black cinders.
So you’re saying he’s not making improvements?
To the degree you love anyone, let alone vets, it's probably because you and your rich dad worked so hard to ensure you'd never be one.
But since your foolish policies will be cause of more US troops being killed or wounded, the least you can do is adequately fund their care
Btw, Sir: i think @LateNightDonald has achieved more than you in 100 days. https://twitter.com/LateNightDonald/status/857810353819983873 … #MAGA
No other president has ever gotten this much Late Night television done in the first 100 days.

Yes he is lol. If not leave here.
RIGHT SHOOTING REPS IS REALLY PROTECTING OUR CHILDREN AND TEACHING THEM RIGHT. YOU ARE THE ONES RESPONSIBLE FOR THE MUSLIM CRAP HERE.
Yes but you never go into detail. The devils in the detail Donald.
You love money. Nothing else.
Says the only political party in the united states who wants to cyper money out of people then sooner or later will run out.
If you knew what socialism actually is, you’d know how silly that sounds. http://www.worldsocialism.org/spgb/socialist-standard/2000s/2007/no-1234-june-2007/what-free-access-means …
Give me an example of a successful socialist country 
Venezuela. 
Never mind.
Socialism means a specific type of society (which was fully explained by Marx). A society WITHOUT any asset-owning ruling class.
I'll pass on The Animal Farm. No, thanks. 

I'm a capitalist.
Animal Farm was a satire about how Russia’s bogus ‘socialist revolution’ merely brought about state-run capitalism. Not socialism.
Bull crap!! It’s a mess. From a Vet.
2nd this rebuttal. Also from a vet.
STOP LYING! 

DO YOU KNOW PERCENTAGE OF VETERANS IN THE @FBI THAT YOU TRASH???

@realDonaldTrump you do not love veterans or current service members! You pick fights with N Korea while hundreds of thousands of civilian families are in Seoul. 

STOP LYING!
#ImpeachTrump
He doesn’t love or respect our vets. Your wife is a nurse for the VA, this means you know that doctors are leaving & it takes longer to be seen. Our government owes much more to our vets.
#Liar #DraftDodger #5xDraftDodger #ThereWASCollusion #ThereISCollusion
Just another trump lie.  Signed, A Vet.
LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE
We are making tremendous progress with the V. A. There has never been so much done so quickly, and we have just started....
What have you done? Please list in order and date completed.
#Liar #ThanksObama Hey, @realDonaldTrump : Why did your administration try to cut funding for #HomelessVeterans?
As a Vet, I want you to loathe me or fear me. Your choice.
You're still never going to be as courageous as a vet...
You're going to kill plenty of our servicemen. I hope your "love" will make up for it
He's already had several killed overseas and has yet to even acknowledge/ apologize for it...
For them or the civilians...
The guy is an absolute national embarrassment. I have family and friends who serve and have serve.  His rhetoric is ignorant and nauseating.
Most service members actually support Trump over Obama. You don't like those polls?
yeah, they're also not educated, and hive-minded. It's also a place where bullying is encouraged and weakness punished. Sound familiar?
I know, I am ex-infantry...try being a liberal in the military, it's not easy.
You lying sack of manure. I can't wait to see you crying your eyes out during your perp walk, when the Repugs get through using you and throw you to the curb. They are laughing behind your back, rightfully so.
You have zero respect for veterans. From talking trash about Sen. McCain, joking about a Purple Heart that you shouldn’t have taken, not mentioning soldiers killed in action, dishonoring Mrs. Johnson and dodging the draft. You are the worst!
You love your vets yet POW are trash to you?

You should be ashamed of yourself, YOU NEVER SERVED!!!!!!!
Don’t love them enough to let them have preexisting conditions included in their healthcare though, do you Donald?
That may be the dumbest comment today but it's early yet. I'm sure someone will say something more ignorant
Yes ...thank goodness
I am still waiting on a claim decision.
The endless lies!!!
why did you take away there (DJT spelling......i know, it's their) peaceful dogs???

Yes the US love vets, especially POWs, which you expressed disdain for previously - remember ?
Not all POW's just McCain. He's a special kind of coward.
So apologize to the gold star family you attacked during the campaign.
There has never been a POTUS that has alienated so many so quickly. Resign! Today!
You are so full of shit Your hiring freeze back logged the VA even further You wouldn't know what it's like to be a veteran you dodged that
Let alone the government shutdown coming. He's going to be letting working vets lose pay for his incompetence.
You can thank the Dems for this one.
Really why is this the Dems fault?
Because they won't agree to the wasteful spending of course. They have to be as stupid as the GOP, otherwise they are the enemy.
Wasteful spending is putting money into PP, EPA, Iran deals, giving away plutonium to Russians which was all done by last admin.
Sorry if you think protecting our environment/the earth is wasteful. I assume you have kids/grandkids dont you  want 2 leave them something
I don't think it's a waste. The EPA is a waste.
"There has never been so much done so quickly"

Correct, if you're talking about golf & vacations.
He been wk before he was swear in.
Obama did that 8 yrs specially During a flood..
Remains of tens of thousands of American military service members are left in North Korea yet to be retrieved.#MIA,#North Korea
Specifically what progress?
Read my lips: NO YOU DON'T! You repeatedly disrespect us in your vile comments & disregard for the sacrifices we've made for this country!
You know that Vets don't like you and have little to no faith in you, yes?
U don't love vets. You shit on them, U disrespect dead soldiers, U disrespected the Khans, ur screwing over vets w/ ur cuts, U draft-dodger!
Bullshit.
yes you loved them to death..hiring freeze backed up medical help, took away their hospice, and literally killed the ones no meds..really??
The VA needs to be vigilant and persistent. Our Bravest deserve only the finest care! There is a swamp there too! Thank you for your efforts
what effort? He's done nothing
Any comments ???
Anyone know who wrote this? I love it—It's a "If Hillary were President & pulled the same stuff Trump does" scenario. #trumprussia #resist 
Trump supporters have a double standard. They chose to close their eyes and ears about Trumps criminal activities.
You don't have anything to say about recording US citizens phone conversations? What happened to our constitution? What about...
Classified information? A sailor is sitting in jail for taking a picture inside a sub.  Why is it "reckless" not criminal to mishandle
When the fate of a nation is at stake the rights of millions come before the rights of an individual

This is exactly the case
He cheated, colluded with a foreign country to win an election. That's no rightful, legitimate way to become Prez
Where is your proof of that? Why is an almost year long investigation not turning up this proof?  Where is Comey?
It's coming. An investigation of this magnitude has to be methodical and meticulous. Unlike Trump's tax plan and revision of OB.
Thanks Mr President, keep marching on and do not let the inglorious leftist deter you, you've done excellently well by the silent majority.
Our Vets are on our VIP list. Please take special care of them.
You are a fraud, a liar and a coward. Please step down.
Hey. Wanna be on a podcast?
Trumpspeak for we don't have much accomplished on this yet but it's bigly!!!  In facto PotusJared shouldn't this be completed by now
THEN LEGALIZE POT FOR PTSD, AND ANY MEDICAL CONDITION IT WILL TREAT !!  FIRE SESSIONS FIRST, HE IS LYING ABOUT POT FOR SURE
Prove it!
Umm, you don't quite have that right. But, it's not your life, so why would care?
45*is clearly a self inflating Delusional Putz. #ReallySad #ReallyPathetic #ClearForAllToSee
Now the climate change march got more people out in the streets than his stupid ass inauguration speech. 45 is more delusional than Nixon.
Nice try...you have not done anything and you will not do anything. Such a liar you are.
Really?  As a nurse and case manager, show up unannounced...see how quickly things are REALLY moving
Maybe you shouldnt have imposed an across the board hiring freeze so they could have conitued to staff the VA?
We love the vets 
Still are not receiving full necessary medical treatment Red tape vets require proving presence and exposure to hazards have no papers proof
If you could si r, why are all the VA's TV's locked on CNN and will not change stations even when asked. Hurts their psyche
Please don't mess with the VA too much. My husbands life depends on it and it's been working great for his cancer care so far.
Away with HMO's
Scheduled for my VA appointment Friday. Hopefully they don't cancel it again.
Yes! How good of you to continue policies the VA implemented under Obama! Now if they had more funding 2 hire,  wait times would decrease
Why are you so fond of hyperbole? Guess it's a reality TV disease.
LOOKING at something or REVIEWING it is not an accomplishment on your checklist. Actually ACCOMPLISHING something is. SORELY LACKING!
Especially since they fought for US while you ducked service, right?
Please make Congress keep their promise.  Repeal Obummercare!  Can't fix crap!
VIVE LA GUERRE!!! BOMB THEM INTO THE STONEAGE!!!
Have you actually done Anything other then tweet about it?  NOPE  FUCKIN LIAR
As a veteran, I'm quite pleased that this is happening.  Far too many of my fellow vets need assistance NOW.  But still MUCH to do.
not what I'm hearing from vets. Plus you want to cut funding. Sad.
Except when they are POWS #johnmccain
How's all this "winning " going ? #loserpresident #lameduck #trumpRussia
Bull shit
What exactly have you done besides tweet?
Please President Kushner, do something for our Vets!
Really sir....   Specifically WHAT has been done?  You ARE able to list your specific accomplishments in the area, aren't you?
Get off Twitter and actually do something...
God bless Troops and 
Never ever in all of history has anybody ever done so much so quickly!!  Do you hear yourself, crazy?
Liar.
So what did you actually do for vets? Signing a paper isn't DOING anything. Meanwhile you are cutting their benefits everywhere!
Thank you. Keep draining the swamp
Do you have any idea how many *real* men and women served this country while you dodged the draft? You're a coward.
They deserve the best!
Trump, first "Pres" not receiving majority vote to pass NOTHING in 100 days favored by a majority of Americans.
You are either a liar or completely delusional.
Since when
Even the ones that 'got caught?'
Sadly there will be more Vets with PTSD and less limbs when you send your troops into battle.
Yes. OIF/OEF claim PTSD at rate never seen before. The real question is why. Few came home as amputee or w physical wounds
You love our Vets? Why are you looking for a fight then? Liar in Chief
Care to mention even ONE thing you've done for vets aside from draft-dodge during Vietnam?

Puffery of the worst sort

#russiagate
Lies! Why don't u open community centers for them. Need more jobs you have waiting list for vets to get svcs! Lies!
Uncle Dona.. Pls now we understand, thanks alot. We are so very sorry ok, pls forgive us. Can you now act properly as Commander in Chief???
Sooo very happy to have a President who cares about our Vets before illegals.  He is NOT targeting law abiding immigrants!!
My humble advice ! Mr Trump,To develop your country financially or morally is not to poke your nose into other countries personal matters
good I am a vet and something had to be done
Done so much? Name one thing. One. I'll wait #TheResistance
I didn't support you to do the same old thing ..get with it stick your programs down Chuck and all the Dems throat cmon Drain the SWAMP
Love it!!
Where is your sympathy & support for the families that just lost 2 soldiers in Afghanistan? Oh wait u were too busy whining about your job!
You cut the Veterans budget and put it on a hiring freeze. Could you hurt them more?
I'm confused
@kupajo322 Remove all those fat lazy black women or make them do their job. VA is full of them.
Such bullshit, Trump.
I don't need a used car I need a motorcycle, can you sell me one?
Thought all you had to do was make ONE phone call? What's taking so long?
Speaking of VETS, who vetted Michael Flynn?
Look into Agent Orange Contribution 2 Vets Deaths& Chronic Illness/Conditions!Viet Nam Vets Dying Every Day Due2 Effects!
Your paying most highly trained vets to suppress there fears of inament threat ( ptsd) let us fight for our country here.
Can I see your policy on reforming the VA? Apparently, the American people didn't get the memo.
# #@
Even those who were captured by the enemy, and "not true heroes?" You love all Vets?
Again you have done nothing loser
I'm a disabled veteran and been going threw the system since 1980. It's a mess.
So when will we see it in the local VA's?
Tremendous, bigly. Bigly Tremendous. The bigliest tremendous, which is the most bigliest tremedious.
You love yourself
we appreciate you and all you do!  And, we pray for you by name every day! May God continue to bless
With all the due respect Mr. President, I think you should limit the use of the word "tremendous" and "beautiful." Love you!
Huh specifics? Please just name three
Ummmm no.... you put them on a hiring freeze. How does that help? You're #fakenews
THANK YOU Mr. PRESIDENT SIR!
And if we attack North Korea you'll have even more to love....nitwit
Yah?@realDonaldTrump what exactly have u done for vets?
Your Fed hiring freeze means Veteran's Hospitals CAN'T HIRE DOCTORS. #DeludedMoronInChief
I take exception to that. You need a real Vietnam veteran grunt advising you. Not all those alligators. I offer my services.
You have done nothing
How dare you claim to love veterans. Your every action declares you to be the type of enemy we have defended America from. #proudvet
Choice program is s great idea if it worked. Until you deal with them on a personal bases you can't understand how bad it is.
45, there is so much wrong with that system. THAT should be a HUGE focus.
Thank you Mr.President!
Vets should not be dying for any country. New world order will not work. I'm running the show
Stop spending so much money on your golf trips and give those $$ to the vets.  Have you every golfed with a vet?  Have you ever served?
Unless your actually processing claims within a few months, and not years, you're accomplishing NOTHING !
This means the world to them no doubt, coming from a draft dodger. #veterans
Yes, let's charge them more! You call that progress?!
Then why do you keep killing soldiers?

Great news for Vets and True Americans
Just not the ones that were captured, or female. Or did any military service at all.
Let the people show the Democrats and the world what we really want and they can't stop it
TRUMP WHERE IS YOUR TAX RETURN, do yourself a favor stop Lying you really look ridiculous
あなたの目撃情報は…8626926番目親子を捕まえるには、まだまだ情報が足りません引き続き情報をお寄せください
