Smart people know that manufacturing jobs are gonna be gone in a few years because manufacturing companies invest in robotic assembly lines
You're not smart
'Manufacturing openings, hires rise to highest levels of the recovery'http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/manufacturing-openings-hires-rise-to-highest-levels-of-the-recovery/article/2622515 …...
Half truth!!!!   This is not YOUR doing.  This is a result of America's long term economic trends stared way back in 1929 or mid-1930s
"of the recovery" .. that's the key, because facts & long-term trends are against you. You won't get back to 20 million manufacturing jobs
Why can't U get back to 20M manufacturing jobs? Automation. Brick-laying robot, 3x as fast & doesn't need healthcare
l'm a. Trader to America
By the way, this was occurring back in @potus44 @BarackObama BEFORE your @potus startWatch OLD @60Minutes
Thank you Obama. Mean while you still manufacture your clothing line, bedding ECT in China. As does Ivanka. #MakeChinaGreatAgain
It was nothing you did.
This was never even reported by the bias news!!
.@realDonaldTrump 
Congratulations! I think your 1st term ended today, #DonHollywood.
so Mel-man-ia just didn't want to have move again in a couple months.... smart to stay in NY
Didn't know she'd made the decision official. Was curious if that or something like Barron summer NYC activities would be ostensible reason.
Oh tick tock wrong move on firing Comey
https://www.brookings.edu/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/us-manufacturing-past-and-potential-future-baily-bosworth.pdf …
THANKS OBAMA
Speaking of manufacturing in America, I can't wait to see the license plate you make me from prison TRUMPY.
Wow  still acting like a little kid grow up for once in your life
Awesome!!!!!
. 
THANK YOU PRESIDENT OBAMA!!!!!!
And yet your approval remains the same. Sad!
Recovery? What planet do you live on... Obama job in economy numbers we're Rising long before you started taking credit
Thanks to the groundwork of Obama!
That's great news! Get our people working! More taxes coming in SHOULD make most Dems happy.
you are tearing this country apart worst potus ever
Due to the previous administration's work, you thieving conman.
Fuck you.
Thanks Obama #arealpresident
Just because U fired Comey doesn't mean Ur #TrumpRussiaCollusion & #TrumpRussiaCoverUp will go away U POS#ImpeachmentSoon #TheResistance
hey buddy I know you're not exactly a student of history (or anything) but firing investigators was when we knew Nixon was guilty
Deflection Comrade. What's up w Comey? Are you channeling Nixon?
And also you fired the FBI director, right? Can we hear more about it please?
Thank you, President Obama, for your careful and intelligent guidance!
How is this a good thing? This will only devastate factory workers more when they're replaced by robots & they have nowhere to go…
…you need to focus on retraining these workers for 21st century jobs, not temporarily putting them back in 19th/20th century jobs.
Obama created the overall job growth btw. You always conveniently leave that part out.
You keep going on Twitter tantrums every time Russia is brought up… why so scared? You sound like Nixon!
A reminder that American manufacturing output was at its highest level EVER when Obama left office. Why do you ignore this simple truth?
Look how great NAFTA was for our manufacturing output. Too bad your supporters will yell "FAKE NEWS" & continue to hurt their own interests
Holy shit. You just fired Comey. You are so guilty with Russia investigation.
The FBI must've been getting too close to home in the investigation into Trump's collusion with Russia. He'll be impeached within 12 months.
Thanks Obama!
Nobody is going to be fooled by this tweet.  Your ass is grass!
Did you listen to C-SPAN today? Great conversation regarding #Russia and the need to list voting systems as critical infrastructure. #resist
And it's not your doing!
got a opening in the @FBI . Haha
Thank you Obama.
Obama was Deceiver/Destroyer, and liar extraordinaire.
But smooth and classy.
#Historic

But that's what Leftists primarily insist: shut down those that disagree.
Leftism doesn't value free speech, or individual thought.
K


Tight! What was the reason you "manufactured" to fire James Comey? Took a shit in the copy machine? Squeezed one off at the Easter Egg roll?
Manufacturing decline is a function of the global economy and automation. Will you fire all the robots? Are the electronic toilets safe?
FOLLOW UP: WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU?
You know that you can't just fire EVERYONE who's on your tail, right? Did you replace Comey with Nixon's skeleton wearing sunglasses?
My father was in manufacturing. He can tell you it was based on globalization and automation. You can't beat those forces. MAN-YOU-FACKED!
I get it. Just like comedians, Presidents want to be rappers! Well let me tell you, in that case, @Eminem knows his way around a factory.
BEE TEE DUBS! SUPER EXCITED FOR JARED TO BE IN CHARGE OF THE FBI!
When you're running late from the mammogram appointment.
Ford is laying off people, Rexnord is closing the Indiana plant, 63K lost retail jobs in last three months.  What are you talking about?
Your stupidity has no bounds
So, do you think firing Dir. Comey (after he testified that your campaign is under investigation) makes you look more guilty or less guilty?
I have no idea if you're actually guilty of collusion or not, but you certainly don't understand optics or the public perception of you.
He is clueless in Washington 

Uhhhhh... WHERE is his other hand?
Worst president
Told ya he would help our country! Best president ever
Nixon was last president to fire #FBIDirector. It didn't work for him and it won't work for crook @realDonaldTrump. #ComeyFired #Trumprussia
Nixon actually fired Watergate Special Prosecutor Cox, but @realDonaldTrump firing #JamesComey is the equivalent. #ComeyFired #TrumpRussia
I recall @realDonaldTrump urging Russia to hack @HillaryClinton, but now #FiredComey over emails letter. Bullshit. #JamesComey #TrumpRussia
Trump fires #Comey for helping him win election but not for leading FBI criminal investigation against him. Sure.  #TrumpRussia #ComeyFired
Firing Comey to deflect from Yate's testimony? Not going to work.  You just set fire to this.  NOTHING YOU DO will make us forget!
Thanks, Obama! 
If Obama got credit, donald would think it was bad! He's a Narcissist!
Obama's narcissism was worse, especially because he was a coward who needed the Media (Leftists) to cover and protect him.
Nope, narcissists brag, twitter storm and obcess over crowd sizes and losing the popular vote.  They say only :they can fix this".
Nope, bragging is only one thing narcissists do. & Obama did that too.
Actually,  Obama didn't do it to.
Yes, he did. You must b infected w Leftism, which makes 1 oblivious to own side & operate in double standards on way 2hypocrisy & stupidity.
Listen sweetie. I worked in mental health for years. Trump is a classic narcissist DSM IV 301.81  Look it up. Show where Obama bragged.
Thanks OBAMA!
Lol. I guess you'll give Obama credit after trumps amazing 8 years of job growth too
Trumps eight years??? what 8...? oh! that's what you mean! his 8 years in prison... at least the color of his face will match the overalls!
Ok Fuckface Von Clownstick
~throwback Tuesday~ lmao https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/330359969813770242 …
How did this insult get under your skin so much?? Hahahaha it's so funny
Why didn't you mention industries with large job growth? Like Healthcare. That's much more sustainable than some bozo small number of manf.
Get it? I said bozo because you're Fuckface Von Clownstick
You are sick and delusional.  Keep looking for trouble  not gonna find it in the white house, Hilary didnt make it there and ibamas gone
Here's a thought- bring your own (& Ivanka's) manufacturing to the US!
Liar pants on fire
That's great make America Great that's what we need .
Thanks obama
Not because of you but because of our former president who grace, tact and class none of which you can even recognize in others.
good Trump hello
William LeBot is right on!  TRump, the Ass, is a liar from Hell!
Thanks Obama
trump is agog of america i dont lik trump
Hey genius, this is all because of the extraordinarily efforts of President Obama. You inherited a very healthy economy. #impeachtrump
Unfortunate-- Trump's  action to fire comey has drained all the hope and trust on him. Very unfortunate.
Liar.
THANKS OBAMA YOUR GROUNDWORK IS PAYING OFF  @potus
Not because of anything you've done.  When are you bringing your companies back to America
LIES
what happens when AI and robots start doing manufacturing jobs and we're still running on "clean coal"? U suck
Bullshit, just low paying service job's.
Thank Obama
Thank you @BarackObama for this jobs growth!!
thank you President Obama. You hard work continues to pay off.
Nice job! ... riding the coattails.
thanks Obama
Your days are numbered. You are the worst President ever. Russia continues to win. Comey was hot on your trail and that of your cronies
how is travel & tourism doing? I heard it was way down...did u see the ATL brawl over pilot contracts? is it time to golf or fire more gov?
Where at trump
Thank you President Obama!  You led the country through the Great Recesssion & fostered a strong recovery for America #Professional #Leader
YES!  Making America great some more! This is so great to reveal while this Russia shit is going on! BRILLIANT, COMRADE TRUMP, BRILLIANT!!!
Great job president trump
Even job numbers won't save you from the FBI's Russia/Trump investigation.
Thanks Obama
Still riding the coat tails of President Obama.
President your doing a great job thank you very much. Please keep it up the real America here in Oklahoma loves you. Dinner is still open!!
Yep thanks Muslim Barack for raising my healthcare costs 
Please....20 years backwards. Don't fall for it. Go to college and be better as we have
Thanks Obama! ... ... ...
In your dreams!
AS far as faith and belief and confidence with Comey ,I believe him and his words and ways far more then you.
Thanks Obama!!!
CANT WAIT UNTIL YOU'RE IMPEACHED!
Obama cripple my small business when got in and regulated everything.  If want a new career go back to school I did.
lies.... #FakePresident #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Interesting article. Some other articles I think you will probably come to know quite well very soon are the "Articles of Impeachment."
But what about all the major retailers closing? All those lost jobs. What are you doing about that?
thank you obama for your great work on jobs its still showing today
Ohhh!  The Washington Examiner!  We'll all click on that link right after we read your private newspaper, The National Enquirer!
#fakenews
Thanks man!
Oh cool, does that mean you & Ivanka are bringing back your clothing/ manufacturing jobs back from China?
That was thanks to Obama you ass!
Thank goodness President Obama got our economy in good order. Not to worry, you'll ruin it in 4 years!
THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP!!!!!!!!!!!!
A true recovery will never occur with you and big CEOs in charge!  LIAR LIAR
Yeah, and exactly what have you accomplished ? Nothing.
Not be cause of you!
Why don't you talk about preparing people for technology jobs - we have highest job growth and lowest talent pool? Small hands = small mind.
To quote him, "Somehow classified emails were forwarded to..." Aren't you supposed to know, HOW? Yet, no difference in rendered opinion. Bye
死ね
Call all #Senators 202-224-3121 demand #INDEPENDENTCOUNSEL #TREASON

#resist #UniteBlue @FBI #RUSSIAGATE #COMEY #TheResistance #DemForce #rt
We need low end, inner city jobs for teenagers to gain work experience give incentives to business in the cities.
#fakenews
quit trying to validate your existence.
#DearMrPresident Sir, why are so many in your administration connected with Russian Oligarchs?
Low paying jobs!  Fake tweet.
I see you rather they do absolutely nothing at least he is trying to bring jobs back and even somebody has to control the robotics
Thanks Obama !
Thanks for tweeting the headline verbatim. What a waste of skin you are.
"This Episode describes why jobs suck and MONEY is OVERRATED". ----Brova L.B.Brova
@WhiteHouse @TheWhiteReview @USATODAYmoney 
#Watergate
Your riding on Obamas coat tails Trump. Funny you can blame him for your mistakes, but cant give him credit.
I can think of a burgeoning industry that could give the agrarian economy a booster shot and start hundreds of new businesses.
P.S
It's weed
Aren't we lucky that President Obama had a vision for the future?
Manifacruring is not à qualité job
Thank You Obama  #greatestpresident
Does that include the clothing lines for Trump and Ivanka made in China? The American people want to know
Thank you Obama!
We can see the types of news souces Donald trusts, now, can't we?
Yeah but it has nothing to do with you you can thank Obama for the recovery you have nothing through the Senate yet
#ImpeachAdolfTrump #FireDonaldHitler
Thanks @BarackObama! Rare praise from the current president.
You are a hypocrite. Your motto "Do as I say, NOT as I do." When will your start your clothing line in the US?
Fake President
Liar!
Thank you, Obama!
They were going to be required to come back or lose profit margins.. Dont believe these idiots below who have NO clue!
THANKS OBAMA!!!!!
Thanks #Obama for bailing out industries, providing stimulus, and encouraging future growth. #45 all you have is Russia and worthless EOs
China invests 3x more than US does on renewable energy technology and created 3 millions jobs doing it!  You think global warming is fake!
Thank you YEAM OBAMA!! trump & co wants everyone hungry dying and unemployed... or dead due to his wars
Liar lose pyscho
Not because of you smfh
honestly you need to go after the source thats been reating this mess for years
Little boy president.  What did it feel like kissing spicey last night.  You looked like u enjoyed it
@POTUS Was your comment about everyone having 2 jobs, meant to imply no raise on minimum wage? It sounded like it. #RESISTANCE
That's a lie but nice try traitor trump.
Resign. Big league-Corrupt prez.
Lie
Great job President Trump!!! America loves you and stands with you. Ignore the godless anarchists that spew their hatred.
So are your lies.
So now your crap will be made in the USA?
You are just stroking off that gold plated buddy of yours
"Put-In" Holster
Don't drop the soap
...a recovery that began under Mr. Obama, Meine Führer. Stop taking credit for the previous administration's efforts.
You are GUILTY of treaon...they can hang you
Oh good. Maybe Mr Comey can get a job in manufacturing. 
Reps will have 2 take a stand - either stick by this disturbed & probably guilty man r stand 4 justice handing this 2 a special prosecutor.
Trump believes in America.
The firing of FBI Director very telling. Guilty as hell. Trust me. Trust me. Believe me. Believe me. From a trump voter.
Don't brag about job growth while you keep firing people.
Your Russian collusion is safe for now. Someone will talk.
Unreal. It's a complete embarrassment that you are the "precedent". Washington Examiner...Fake news. So sad!
