https://www.google.com/amp/www.nbcnews.com/politics/politics-news/amp/comey-delivers-political-gut-punch-president-trump-n735926 …
Why don't you listen to the scientists about climate change?
because it's a false science
so how about some funding?
William Legate your such an air head
YES!!!#MAGA
awesome.  Great step forward. Be safe astronauts. Does NASA mean?. NOT ANOTHER SECRET AGENCY .  LOL JUST KIDDING
Making the Galaxy Great Again!
Honoring NASA, but cutting or canceling some of their major programs???  Doesn't make a lot of sense.  #distraction
…yet you are imposing major budget cuts for NASA
…and you continue to refuse to acknowledge man-made climate change—science is NOT a partisan issue!
The same scientists that brought MAN to the MOON all say climate change is a huge threat. You smarter than them?
is climate change in 2017 different then the Ice Age? Or the disappearance of dinosaurs?
...why we love trump ...
I can actually get behind this. For once, good job
go up
.@realDonaldTrump As the world’s greatest president, you won your very own rocket ship trip to Mars. We’ll meet you there.
you kidding me with this? We all know his ego is too big to achieve liftoff through conventional rocketry.
I hope they find a way to send you back to whatever fucking planet you came from. 
Azerbaijan’s pres chosen new VP — his wife. Why don't go the road with Ivanka when doing promotion. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2017/02/22/azerbaijans-president-has-chosen-a-new-vp-his-wife/?utm_term=.ad80742c99ea …
what did you know? When did you know it? #TrumpRussia
easy answer,nothing,fakenewsdemoncrats

i've blocked you 3 times. you people are bots.
Do you ever get to see any of the nice/grateful tweets people send you? I hope so. There are many.
while our citizens starve you waste $ proving things about space we've known 4ever. Wasting money! #Conservative not!
https://www.google.com/amp/www.chicagotribune.com/news/opinion/commentary/ct-donald-trump-lies-russia-wiretap-20170321-story,amp.html …

Oh did someone forget to tell you? Obama is gone. We have a smart President now. #MAGA
The other day it took Trump three tries to spell "hereby" correctly.
Oh spelling is important to you? Funny. I thought you libs were all about #CommonCore where everything is "relative".
Wrong, we are about being smart. That's why we are libs. We are smart.
Mmmmh really
YES! But first let's totally MASAGA and propose a BUDGET that's all about our WALL and DEFENSE! NASA will be so happy!
Who needs the MOON and MARS anyway? Can you build HOTELS there? Well, WE COULD! But we don't WANT to! So forget about them!
Let the CHINESE go to MARS! Once they're all up there we can just build a GIANT SPACE WALL and keep them from coming back!
And that LYING and CHEATING so-called "planet" PLUTO! Keeps popping up, can't make up its mind, totally LOW ENERGY! SAD!
Ok, NASA has done some things and frankly some GREAT things, like invent ALUMINUM which you can put in HATS for PROTECTION!
But our MAGA-HATS (which were really NOT made in China) offer the same protection WITHOUT the aluminum, so who's smart NOW?
Anyway, unless NASA agrees to put a giant MAGA-HAT on the moon like we saw on 4chan, we will SLASH their budget!
Or maybe slash THEM, too! Stupid COASTAL ELITE scientists that go around SCIENCING all day, not caring about MASAGA! BAD!
I C now. We're gonna destroy this planet w so much winning we'll need a new place 2 call Home https://youtu.be/HfqafLjePqw 
No just you!
peace and love to you as well.
Since you love Pizza so much, are you part of pizzagate 2.
how can you support scientists, but yet not science(global warming anyone)  ?https://youtu.be/HfqafLjePqw 
Because the is fake science.  Climate changes every day. It is called the weather.
weather is daily. Climate is a whole other condition. Any 6th grader knows that.
Any 4th grader can spot a hoax, apparently you cannot.
so why can't you see that trump is one?
Thank You For Cutting.. @NASA
omg some cuts not all, private companies will come in and spend way more, relax. HBO Big Bird, it works
O.K.
.@realDonaldTrump @NASA Ask them to build you a one way rocket to the moon.
great idea for all the lefties
Im right handed
duh? Lefty politically
I bat lefty and skateboard.
he's also going to send stupid people with the lefties& illegals..you're going to get a front row seat
My friend soaring Eagle would like to inform you that you are an immigrant on his land!
tell your buddy eagle that my great grandparents came here legally they didn't just walk in

Pretty sure that needs to be a negative number. Trump has been #investigated since August. #Traitor

If you actually believe the lies of this conman the problem is not him it is you.
Get some more followers, a brain, education, off public assistance then come back. Loser for life brainwashed
Space & @NASA ~ as it should be! After all, there's no "C" in NASA https://climatism.wordpress.com/2016/10/27/nasa-sea-level-rise-fraud/ … @climateofgavin #Climate #Fraud
Yeah you're right, the people in the best position to step back and see the forest and not just the trees - what do they know.
Even if @ClimateOfGavin didn't indulge in obscene fraud. #Climate budget shouldn't outweigh space.
Btw, @ClimateOfGavin blocked me ys ago for politely enquiring about the inconvenient "pause". Telling
A #NASA "scientist" blocking a polite enquirer. Think about it. @EPAScottPruitt #CO2?
Them's some credentials right there! Personally I tend to believe the PhDs who stand literally nothing to gain by lying.
Appeals to authority don't really answer much.
If my car is acting funny I ask a mechanic, if my stomach is acting funny I ask a doctor, etc etc ad nauseum
.@realDonaldTrump @NASA How did that work out with the Constellation program, which was supposed to do the same? Oh, right. It didn't.
Are you trying to do George W. Bush's greatest hits to see if it improves your approval rating? Spoiler alert: It won't. @realDonaldTrump
Engineers in Alabama eventually started laughing at him over the project, and they're already laughing at you. @realDonaldTrump
We're literally 25 minutes into the 33-minute local news in Rocket City and there's no mention of this bill. @realDonaldTrump
If a news outlet in a city that would design & run the program isn't covering the plan, then it's not a serious one. @realDonaldTrump
The news outlets are total BS, they've been lying to you for years, if you're waiting for them,…
Oh, local news in a red state is total bs & is lying to me? What do you think they're lying about?
if you have to ask then you probably will never get it. The media has been lying for years
Honored to sign S.442 today. With this legislation, we support @NASA's scientists, engineers, and astronauts in the… htt...
Pray for @realDonaldTrump #AmericaFirst
"Scientists, engineers, and 'asteroids'" ..They had to tell him what they were actually pursuing and what kind of professionals NASA employs
Dude, it's over. You're busted. Resign.
Busted for WHAT?!
Matt name one. Name one single elderly person who died bcause of Trump policy change
did U have the same question when Obama's mother in law stayed in the white house 4 free on our dime?
I believe U pointed the finger elsewhere typical leftie can't deal with facts curl up in a ball and pout increase UR meds
typical can't discuss facts so U curl up in a ball good bye little ignorant lost person go pet UR therapy puppy he'll undrstd
@michele86455429 @Hannajewel @pharris830 @GaleTStrong 
Budget cuts 2 NASA will not help pursuit of discovery degenerate.


Speaking of discovery, did you hear what Comey said about the Russia investigation?
Read the transcript.
MAYBE An AMMENDMENT AND SIXTEEN YEARS OF TRUMP
.    Finally I can see rockets soar the sky again from Cape Canaveral . Thank you Mr Trump .
Let's be real here: an intern had to have tweeted this.
Stop with the illusion of "working hard" #fakepresident. Stop signing EO's & do some real work. On second thought ...
Sure, fund scientists that investage space, but not those trying to save THIS planet. You're so ignorant. It's SAD.
THIS is what taxpayers' money go towards instead of curing poverty & providing housing for the many homeless SHAMEFUL
The one area of science you care about? At least it's a start.
Sweden is asking for help.They are looking to U for support. Their videos are heartbreaking. Immigrants are taking over
Scientific discoveries are great unless they're about climate change, right?
thank you
but you don't support NASA like you do Vlad. #traitor #fraud #Trump4Prison2017
Quick – check your face! I just found your nose in my business. 
 If I had a face like yours I’d sue my parents.
I bet this was a confusing meeting for you since you don't believe in science or facts. #ScienceMarch #factsmatter
- but you don't want the to follow the science about climate change?
and in the meantime 35% of America's land is agriculture. all the crops are drying up. Climate change killing bees
Hallelujahs!
except non of the budget can be related to earth related science.
why won't you allow them to continue Earth Science and Climate research then?
stake the rocket to mars. Then think off all the starving, homeless kids & your generation. The OLD PEOPLE. P
really need to quit hitching rides to space with the ruskies. need our own manned space vehicles again.
WE NEED EIGHT YEARS OF TRUMP
who spelled scientist for you?
How about not destroying NASA's budget? NASA has done far more good for this country, than you realize.
You are hobbling America by underfunding science and research and yet you promote these base & obvious lies.
who are you trying to fool, all you're doing is making your swamp monsters rich.
Dear D.J. Trump i have a veary important question. I really hope you respond to this. Do you think goats are cool?
Fair Honorary. Sad sad SAD!
then why are u cutting their budget?
what is S.442?
please let's send trump to Mars. Tell him it has lots of oil. And very cheap real-estate.

Finally you did something good.
what do you think? @neiltyson
that's a cute smile
earth is flat.. sorry to break it to you
very good
When u make $again(forbes said lost a billion) u will have destroyed air, water, food, animals people.  Cant eat $
millions of democrats are behind trump and we are happy to have him as our president.we are behind him 100%
With your awful attitudes toward immigration, we won't have scientists, engineers, or astronauts to fund.
you do realize there is a #moon #tree for a reason #boy ! Trees went to moon and back And you take money #environmen
We need to STOP Russia by sending our own Astrona
Did you sign it with your big, red crayon?
Resign!
what a hypocrisy to do this and cut spending on the very things that enrich science.
But you don't support their science Of climate control. SMH
We assemble, most of the parts we buy from Asia anyway. They produce it cheaper. that's why businesses moved right
really? When did you start believing in science?
Try firing Comey. The firing is way past due.
pursuit of discovery?  You need a thesaurus.
you have Urban game face and watch me pretend. You are so toxic. Get out and away because in time U will be hated.
does it make sense to decimate research dollars for NIH the anchor of medical R&D? Do we want this to go offshore?
@namaste1218334 what's the point of this?
Pls watch #HiddenFigures IMMEDIATELY. You can fit it in between @foxandfriends and @seanhannity. #BiglyEntertaining
This is a great thing!
what about our oceans they are less explored then the moon is
Economics overall is complicated whether healthcare, the innercity, criminal justice reforms, but try a innovative strategy
@DodiPurcella @NASA who pays for all that exploring?
As usual Twitter shadow-nerfs the positive posts and artificially raises the trash posts to show first.
maybe we can send @realDonaldTrump to Mars. Or even the closest planet 2 the sun. He could then rename it Trump world
too much methane if you do that, it'll burn up. Then again...
is that a gas hahahaha
I may have misspelt it, but in British slang a trump is quite literally, a fart.
I know hahaha
With what money?! How the hell will they get to mars if you cut their budget?!
while cutting millions of dollars to instead go to your millionaire buddies. #resist #march4science
They also study climate change which you say is a hoax.  Fool!
@neiltyson  what do you think about this???
No, that was @POTUS44 You couldn't care less about Science.
you mean the pursuit of discovering things you agree with? How about the pursuit of discovery within climate science?
How are you going to pay for it? By taking health care from the poor?
How about supporting @NASA research on climate change, your orangeness? #FakePresident
bullshit
Blocked some trolls replying to trumps tweets a few weeks back. Still can't see top replies on any trump tweet.. 
Yet on the subject of climate change - the future of our own planet - your administration undermines them.
but doesn't your proposed budget cut their funding?
Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents as an example.
Iagree with you on a bill you've signed, Hooray! #spacethefinalfrontier
Fund earth science now.
Not remotely a fan, but I do support this. You should extend this courtesy to the EPA. Climate change IS real.
It's a shame you cut the @NASA budget so you could waste the money on the military.
You have such a tiny peepee that you have to legally threaten 17-year-old Lucy and her kitten website???  Super Sad!!!!!!
and their discovery says nothing can be explained with out God.... :) but noce. Try.tring to leave him.out!
The NASA logo is Satanic. Some Christian U R, too thinking there's life on other planets. Only fallen angels work.
The only good thing you have done yet!
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable? Like a coma.

NASA the best thing that could have ever happen to man kind
Seems the only thing you understand is signing executive orders. Awesome the REAL President in 2020 can reverse them
How much are you cutting NASA and NOAA budgets again?
- Why cut their budget than?
yay The ONLY thing I agree with
no friend of STEM or education in general. We need to look at the investment in our future or we will fall behind
Gay? I’m straighter than the pole your mom dances on.
Seems like a waste of !
Heads up, the Earth is also a planet in the solar system that needs exploration and research.
Stop Tweeting! Be the President or don't!
GOOD luck. I always say when business and politics comes together, great things happen. Align them please DT. Best, DV
Great news !!! T rump to leave office soon before being impeached !
