wow Mr. President. You seriously need to go to bed.
Xjfkddddxfddddxgdxdddyd to fud
How much are they paying you trolls to attack Trump? #Peodgate Either you're with Trump or the Demonic pedophiles, you picked the wrong side
#impeach
I totally agree @POTUS @realDonaldTrump ersatz GOP's #FC stabbed you in the back never intending to vote for Any compromise. Not your fault.
Oh brother
The Republican House Freedom Caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. After so many bad years they wer...
That's actually really clever. How am I just now seeing this?
Lowest approval rating ever. LOL
when is that win coming?  are you now supporting one payer healthcare? you told all the world that is better system than ours.
Y'know, given your history, "snatch" is a hilariously unfortunate word choice.
يحفظكم الله الله معكم في كل لشي جميل جدا كلامك
The Freedom Caucus are doing what Trumps deplorables want. These are they who got Trump elected.
I won a ham once at a car dealership but went partying afterward & forgot about it. It was a short lived victory. You'll soon understand.
Thanks for coming to PA. I enjoy your speech. Stay strong. God bless you
Pres, the adage is, snatch victory from the jaws of defeat. Sighs
100 days without a victory. he has pointed hisTwitter finger at everyone but himself.  Impeach Dumbo. #Sad
you were quoted by @washingtonpost
Everytime you lie you should receive a shock. It worked for my dog max. Shock 16 LIAR Do you kiss your wife with that mouth.
Get rid of the consultants. All Indians paid $400K while public workers have to train them!
The House Freedom Caucus is who I support. I voted for you because you would REPEAL Ocare NOT to replace it.
@BMTTG @realDonaldTrump sorry that will never happen now. Realistically 7 to 10 years we will have single payer.
@mike_pence RT Trashing conservatives, the @freedomcaucus & reaching out to Democrats/leftists is pure stupidity. #betrayal
I conclude there is  no difference between the R & D in Congress. All r self serving slime. Start with @SpeakerRyan.  Power hungry jerks.
@PHO1962  Mr President you're gonna have to bypass the courts do process of Law to save America from anti-Americans...
I no longer am a conservative as define by the Freedom Cacus. They bitter losers like Ted Cruz.
Maybe its because the bill was inhumane and immoral...no returning to ins co death panels or denying women hc. Duh!
Wrong again. ACA-lite was a bad piece of rushed legislation, made in secret like the original (pass then read) bill.
Oh. So now it's "they" when there's a loss. Nice team player. #AmericasWorst
#trumpRussia @POTUS
Sorpresa total
and they sabotaged you.
"Defeat from the jaws of victory". So funny, no wonder I love you and want to have your child.
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
Were they?  Yep, final outcome was a WIN!! for Obama. You will never be good enough.  Always a loser.
how can you have any pudding if you don't beat your meat
FC saved us from bad ryan law. Remove gov mandates from health care requirements, we support you President Trump!
your health care bill was a joke
no the RINO's lied to America again! HFC stood their ground, Ryan should try it sometime! #listentothepeople
Actually I am beginning to like the Heritage Foundation and Freedom caucus.
SEVEN years to come up with a tweak to this plan and ZIP, Nada.
Brilliant group you have there. you failed period .
Si,r that was the "jaws of  devastation" We were saved from Trump care. Oh forgot Trump and care are oxymorons
A defeat for you. A win for those who are elderly, poor and sick.
#across state lines
You didn't give them a good enough Bill to support and you (The Republicans) had 7 years to figure it out-shame on you!
The world isn't in black and white; not everything is divided into wins and losses, reps vs dems. We lost to hate and fear in this election
:(
Dear @POTUS
You Are Trusting The Wrong People! Out here, we ARE the @FreedomCaucus! Paul Ryan is a RINO & I Suspect @Reince is Too!
Stop complaining about the Freedom Caucus and get advice from Rand P. Sorry to say but his h/c wasn't a win.
Fire Paul Ryan with his secret plan. ..
Keep watching this and if you do nothing then you are nothing
I will wait for a reply from you or a call from you what if this was your son!
Help the people you work for! This is my son being beaten!
The FC is on your side. you continue down this path I and many others who backed you in 2016 will not do so in 2020.
We want real reform not more of the same. you need to rid the party of Ryan and Prebius as those are your real enemies.
You are barking up the wrong tree Mr. President. Attacking the FC is not the way to go. We do not want Obamacare lite.
Long Live the FC!
Bill was defeated by Ryan and other arrogant establishment Republicans. It's an opportunity to come back with a much better bill.
What do
 you mean? I am puzzled. This tweet seems to contradict itself "Bigly"!
Oh really?
- the four bad years we are going to have with you in office.
GO NUCULAR ON EVERYTHING!!!
YOU HAVE 99.9% OF TRUE AMERICAN CITIZENS!!!
Oh, so it's not the democrats fault anymore?
Sold outs
Sir u r blaming wrong ppl!Ryan RINO is failed leader!He never supported u when more @freedomcaucus DID!U r making YUGE mistake w/attacks!
Please arrest Hillary,  Obama,  and the rest!
What does that even mean? Words are supposed to mean things. Ideally, even more so when they come from the President of the United States.
Feedom Caucus is standing firm. All messed it up Don't just blame them.   Everyone needs to work together as Republicans.
It was Paul Ryan that mislead you!
fake Republicans?!
show us your tax returns,comrade
President Trump please watch your words on twitter. They will use them against you. Don't let them bait you.
The FC supports your ideas. Establishment doesn't, don't trust Ryan.  We support you President Trump!
You fail at blaming too
@POTUS your policies and plans are AWFUL and FAILURES. That is why educated Americans are fighting against them. #impeach45
PLEASE WORK WITH FREEDOM CAUCUS! NOT PAUL RINO RYAN! DRAIN THE SWAMP! Alabama Trump Delegate HERE!
Only #FullRepeal will build your credibility
It seemed that none of you were ready. Why was there no republican plan ready and waiting, having been worked through and vetted?
Honey Bun, turning on your own part is a no-no!  Go take another nap and think about what you're doing!
They are not your enemy. They acted in line with promises made for real repeal.   That is what we voted for.
Not jaws of victory. It was awful bill. Freedom C saved us. Repeal ACA, Americans have spoken.
The Freedom Caucus was trying to save your ass by doing what the American people elected them to do. Why don't you try that?
The Freedom caucus has the support of the people that elected you.  Be very careful!
They saved you from making a bad deal. Ryan is not your friend. He's now deep in the swamp with the rest.
Glad,WRONG bill. Looks like you're aligning with DC ilk rather than draining swamp.Saddened, prayed you would stand strong
No you did by backing those who are against you @SpeakerRyan is the problem
YOU'RE A LYING BUMBLER. GET YOUR FACTS STRAIGH. BLAMING EVERYONE FOR YOUR FAILURES. GROW UP! THE OLDEST PRESIDENT!
I  you as our President but the Freedom Caucus saved u & us from a very bad healthcare bill. Please embrace & listen to them.
@realDonaldTrump the American people WANT what the freedom caucus is pushing for. Obamacare lite is not the answer
Freedom Caucus not to blame-where is 2015 bill submitted & vetoed? Resubmit. Free.Caucus is trying to keep RINO Ryan from screwups.
they forgot to cheat with the Russians like you do.
Not just a win forthe sake of winning.  #FULLREPEAL like you promised or nothing
poor baby, go get a binky. Your time will come eventually. Be humble, be nice, and play fair.
They did you a big favor, don't let Ryan run you office, take control, repeal obummercare, talk to Paul, dump ryan, be the leader I voted 4
The Freedom caucus did the American people a favor.  Bad bill. Do not want the power in the executive branch. Healthcare touches everybody.
Says the sore loser!
POTUS don't move to the left, if we wanted a leftists we would have elected her.
I have been in women's health x past 25 yrs. watching ObamaCare disintegrate daily. Abuse of Medicaid rampant!
- 1st thngs 1st - full repeal of Ocare.  Return to free market dec-get govt out of healthcare bus. Tort reform-reg Pharma
Your plan failed because Americans didn't want it! It was a big payday for the wealthy!
My President, Ryan is a snake, wants u 2 fail, please don't trust him, we t ppl voted f u 2 get rid of t swamp, which includes Ryan.
Ryancare is NOT a WIN!!  It has SEVENTEEN PERCENT APPROVAL!!! STOP IT!!  Read Ann Coulter's column and stop listening to snake Paul Ryan.
Very sorry bud Paul Ryan is the real Traitor
17% approval for #Ryancare is not a win
You are kidding me!  Your feckless RINOs have made a career of snatching defeat from the jaws of victory throughout the Obama regime. GMAB
The win you want robs us of our freedoms. This is about our Republic not your selfish wins. #FullRepealNoDeal #TeamFreedom + @freedomcaucus
You make ZERO sense.
u will loose those of us that set you over the top supporting Obama care by a different name. Gov pay for employer mandate
... it's a shame the freedom caucus loyalty is towards personal agenda's instead of the people of our great country
@RepMarkhas been with you from the beginning, as have @Jim_Jordan and others. Somebody is misleading you. Please trust them
Ryan is your our enemy he has to be replaced ASAP
The house freedom caucus should change their name to the Fiscally Conservative Common Sense Caucus.
Very disappointed in this tweet..freedom caucus stood by you
It was a shitty bill! Get out of Health Care .... let Capitalism work it out, not the gov't!
Just keep working with them. Nothing wrong with including the Dems in the discussions too IMO!
.@POTUS you should work with the conservatives #FreedomCaucus instead of the establishment you ran against @PRyan against you in campaign
Stop blaming the Freedom Caucus. The stand on the right side of principles 90% of time.
saved your legacy as to #healthcare @SpeakerRyan was trying to hang a #TrumpCare burning tire around your neck.  trust the #FreedomCaucus
Do not blame the Freedom Caucus, it's Ryan you should fire. Terrible Bill. Do not get sucked in
The freedom caucus is right. You promised repeal not Obama lite. We the people will win.
Keep the Freedom Caucus close due to their representation of silent majority! Your constituents want RINOs overruled and Conservatives
WiN
Thank You for your service Sir.
Keep up the good work real Americans are behind you!
Don't piss off the conservative base POTUS. You'll never win in '20 without us.
Playing the hated outsider president off against their hated Congressional enemies - the Establishment GOP.
Liar
You owe us a thorough investigation of Obama era corruption!
You are the only one who can destroy your presidency. Be careful!!
Principals > Political Expediency. Grow a pair - repeal it and then put forth a legitimate replacement or a free-market alternative #Liberty
I support the FREEDOM CAUCUS!!! The only reps of THE PEOPLE who aren't bought! We want FULL REPEAL!!!
Keep your chin up Mr. President, you are doing a great job.
@GOP we want a full repeal.
Just like marijuana,Here we elected some one whom we thought seen the positive benefits of the plant and u hire jeff!!! Why?
FC did what they said they would do! Ryan will ruin the GOP. Liberalism kills all that it touches!
Support Congressman Brooks bill to repeal Obamacare !!!!!!!!
NO! @freedomcaucus saved U from defeat! Let RYAN take the fall 4 doing Pilosi stunt & ram AHCA down  people's throats! #DTS
This is a dumb question, but did you even read the bill? Do you remember your campaign promises?
su gobierno es el mejor en decadas...usted es el mejor lider del mundo.trump ..no lo dude en nada .de lo que yo le digo ...
The stench of the "Fart" of the Deal kept them away
Are you tired of winning yet, lol. They swamped the bill because they didn't want to lose with you again. #Mr35Percent , loser by 2.85M
We didn't vote for you to get more of the same! Get Gov OUT of healthcare!
Ryan sold you the Brooklyn Bridge and blamed it on the Freedom Caucus.
Please do not play King Lear. That would be a tragedy.
Sadly, the bill was DOA.  You and Ryan poorly managed it, trying to control it with same old socialism.  Just repeal it.
They covered their own hides.  They knew your plan was a catastrophe in the making and wouldn't put the rope around their necks.
You are not Potus, rather a POS. The Freedom Caucus saved your rear end but you are being charmed by Ryan. Wake up!!
We need the freedom caucus Mr President.  Fiscal priorities first for Americans
Bad judgement @realDonaldTrump
wasn't freedom caucus.  bill needed changes.  amer people does not agree with you on this one.  ryan started out wrong with the bill.
That bill was surrender, not victory.  REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL and then we'll talk
Ryan's RINOS should have had a bill ready for a vote before inauguration day. The party should have been ready to act
Time for your thrice daily dose of MIDOL.  Let one of your dogs off his/her leash to fetch some for you.
That bill would not have been anything close to a VICTORY for America. You are listening to the wrong people!
Why was the freedom caucus locked out from the original republican discussions?  Why Mr Trump do u rag on the guys doing what u said u would
Or maybe you could come up with a non garbage bill..... That would be cool.
What bad years? Those where President Obama, our real president, fixed everything? Why do you want to lie all the time?
