I have been saying the same thing for 2 years now... Glad to hear Bannon say the same thing.
Wikileaks email: Democrats advised fellow liberals to “drop the Hitler bomb” on your enemies when all else fails.
@ish10040 @realDonaldTrump Did BHO write Guidelines4Journalists himself?Sounds like him,Jarrett,Lynch,TRAITORS!-INCLUDING MSM!
Do you notice that MSM follows these instructions? Zero persons have claimed emails are fake.
I was thinking that! They follow them to the letter! Follows Muslim Brotherhood playbook too!
Brigitte Gabriel Reads the Muslim Brotherhood Plan for America https://youtu.be/SgKfL6M6CpU  via @YouTube
Thx! I'll watch. Educational site 2 http://shariahthethreat.org/2011/04/a-short-course-on-shariah-and-the-muslim-brotherhood/ …
Get to know @ACTBrigitte - she is an expert on Islam. She is also founder of @ACTforAmerica
Thx! Will do!!!
.@realDonaldTrump Good news: Coverage of your inevitable assassination is going to get huge ratings! I've heard everyone wants to watch that
Smooches pooches 
Now crazy colleges want segregated areas: Students demand no-whites-allowed space http://www.thecollegefix.com/post/31322/  via @collegefix
10 bin lira borç versene, 36 taksitle öderim. @realDonaldTrump
kafka kardeş 10bin milyon dolar diyecektin herhalde  ???
yekkk yee 10 bin türk lirası
benden beter fakir çıktı yaaa
ahaahahahah gönlümüz zengin bizim ashdjasdah
gönül zenginliği beni tatile yollamiyor 
So proud of all that you have accomplished!!!  Thank you Mr. President!!!
Go kick some ass, Mr. President!
Then off to golf at your Winter Frat House?
I'm looking forward to your inevitable removal from office.
mike, your such a fool....
let me guess: "biglyest electoral college win ever, the only people who oppose me are paid, bla bla bla cuck cuck cuck"
you have dementia
even republicans are starting to get pissed off. They don't want to pay for damn wall
, @cnnnews; you suck trump dog dodoo looks like smells like it is iyou!! Holy cow!
#POTUS #WeThePeople #DrainTheSwamp #AmericaFirst #LockHerUp #CommanderInChief #Flamingos4Trump #Breaking
So it's okay for states to choose whether to let transgender choose a toilet or not, but not let them choose a joint or not
.@realDonaldTrump you have ripped off, defrauded more Americans than any one "illegal" Mexican immigrant
11. $10M money laundering fine levied on Trump was LARGEST PENALTY FinCen-Financial Crimes Enforcement Network-ever levied against a casino 
Im looking forward to it too! Means more material for SNL. You're a comedian's dream. Please keep doing interviews!
I'm looking forward to a giant dump tonight. Trump dump, a little similarity there?  Oh I think there is
THE LEFT IS SO LOST!
Can't u get over the publicity stuff and do some real job #pRESIDENT EVIL
You didn't tweet about the vandalism at Jewish cemeteries, but you tweeted about this. Priorities!
I thought President Pence covered that
that's what democrats do best
Gosh I miss Barack & Michelle. They are a Class Act!
If it's not golf, escorts, or watching tv, I highly doubt you're looking forward to it.
I think He had rather be yanking the chain that up sets liberals.
And once again, you'll embarrass us all!
good luck with that. I won't be watching. I'll catch the translation on the late night shows @StephenAtHome @sethmeyers
like and retweet to show your love and support for our new great PRESIDENT!!
we love our new president and respect his policies
corrupt treasonous trump really sucks bad and is a white supremacist tool.
how can I watch it
TRUMP@realDonaldTrump
when Mr President?
good
maybe you can find some time to release your tax returns....so we can all see your "transparency" with Russia.
Try and not shame America this time, Skippy.  Oh, and change your diapers before the interview.@smshow @KeithOlbermann
same od crap you spew everyday. No thanks!
Do say hi to the trustee of the one world government initiative.
your approval rating is now 31%. SAD!
at least someone is

why aren't Americans mad bout This? More spent in 1 month than Obama and family n a year. Trump bleeding us.
where did you get those facts from

Did more in 1 month than obama in 8 years? Haha keep crying
when he's on the golf course he's doing business look at who he's been with.
once again, he has done more for the people!!!@ in 1 month than obama in 8 years?
I totally agree. He has done more to help China, Russia and his family.  He knows how to take but not give.
They know their finally speaking with someone who knows WTF he's talking about,  so they'll listen , and sign onto MAGA!!
Great to have you back ranting and raving on social media, you horse's ass.
We love you President Trump! The left will not stop their attacks but we have your back. Just keep doing what your doing!

YES! Let's talk to this man! But make sure to talk to him ONLY in CAPSLOCK!
Otherwise he might think that he is RICHER and MORE SUCCESSFUL than us! And we DON'T WANT that!
We are after all PRESIDENT of the United States of Tru... America!
And that guy ISN'T! Only WE are! NOT that guy! WE!
Whatever happened in CHICAGO anyway? Or was it SWEDEN?
Anyway, we are RICHER than that guy! And we are PRESIDENT!
Big interview tonight by Henry Kravis at The Business Council of Washington. Looking forward to it!...
سنقول كانت هنا  امريكا   ولكن  بعد 7اشهر
all set

!!

Remember when .@SenSchumer and @HillaryClinton said this? Rub your ouchies liberals, you've been played for idiots!  #PresidentTrump #MAGA 
trumpies love that attention tho damn 
Not sure what a 'trumpies' is or if I'm talking to an adult or 7 yr old. But we have a @POTUS who likes2keep us informed
you've been diagnosed with  "important personality disability" lol.
I'd rather see Lenny Kravitz.
The psychiatric community agrees that you are a very sick man. This isn't funny anymore.
I am like you, a night owl. I am watching Candyman on TV. It's  SCARY.  Its about a hook-handed urband legend in Chicago.
On different note, I would like u to use my land on Laredo border as a base for materials etc for when's the wall building
I will be watching for it. @MargotBirckhead
nobody cares about your lies!
Good luck. Help South Cameroon.
It is as if writing an article as if the fires of collision did not occur in Obama's unilateral LGBT notice
yeah, this interview is "big" just like your poll numbers, your popular vote totals and your hands are "big". Sad.
.@realDonaldTrump May he ask specific questions and actually get specific answers,not just I have a really good plan or I'll make amazing...
will you realize these interviews are intended to mock your iq?watching you read the bigly words prepared for you... Sad.
NBC opposition propaganda. Shameful!
Whiny Hollywood people so concerned Donald John Trump is failing, looking for a scapegoat. Take responsibility losers.
thank You Mr President! We deplorables CANT READ ANY GOOD FEEDBACK frm U Social Media blocks the good
FAKE NEWS
it's a rerun we've seen it. It's the one with the imbecile telling everyone how great he is & whining about news. #resist
So you can spew nonsense & think you sound good? 25th amendment looking right at you!
How do you at look at yourself in the mirror everyday? #Impeach45 #CorruptAF #russiagate
Kansas Man  Shot Three People After Yelling "Get Out Of My Country" Why don't you comment on this?
What about the over 16000 americans that are killed in " Great America???NOT GOOD
. 
DJTroll drained the swamp alright and replaced it with a cess pool !
"UnitedNations oligarch DEVIL's agenda far away for every nations protections.They  targeting leaders protects their Land"
Why not interview some of the working people you claim to love? Come to a town hall, Donnie! We'd love to have you!
Of all the mistakes your parents made, you take the cake!
yea just signed over our republic to corporations to decide whats best
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and crap out a smarter comeback than what you just said.
indians are not safe in ur country...Wts going on...Only election time u using indians now u don't want it....
who? You're really trying to convince us all that you're not hated. Sad!

has the FBI decided to help you cover up your little Russian problem? Asking for a friend #MAGA
u now showTHEUSA WHAT AN IGNORANT LAZY UNIFORMEDU R.STATE LAW PROTECTS MEDIA N THEIR SOURCES
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shield_laws_in_the_United_States …
They want to hear you making a fool of yourself. You speak, the world laughs hard!
if you are invovled, it's got to be BIG
yeah yeah we know you won 304electoral votes. Remember to say something more interesting.
Another open door to tell our dream and vision of returning America to its former patriotic greatness.
oh oh  intelligence is putting all the pieces together involving Russia your request to the FBI failed waiting  patiently
ever noticed that most unpleasant thngs start with "D"?
Destroy,Death,Disaster,Disease,Depression,Demons,Devil#Donald
democrats
fire was early Sat Morning in Carrington ND.
MAGA!!

Did you give him your own questions?
meh...not really big. Nothing at all in fact. Theres still a Russian spy ship in NY. Friends of yours? #EmperorHasNoClothes
is that the one where he noshes you off?
2)   Why are you still not read the Words of the Gospel of Jesus Christ: «Woe to you who are rich» !!!
Aww, illegitimate president, you can't see the link between your incompetence & the leaking. Resign leads to less leaks.
more jerkish no doubt
are you making a list of all the lies you are going to tell him, chubby?
Another hour of you talking about how great you are. No thanks.
Henry R. Kravis, businessman. Also the co-founder Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co a private equity firm with $94.3b. assets
Is that why you delayed the new #MuslimBan this week? Because yoy had to prepare for another self-serving interview? #LOSER
It's not like anyone will give two fucks anyway
hi sir - LGBTQ groups  of humanity - I've found most very POLITE and good citizens
YOU ARE THE WORST PRESIDENT IN THE HISTORY OF THIS COUNTRY.
How about a big interview with Lawrence O'Donnell from MSNBC. I'm sure he would enjoy that.
انت رئيس سيئ ولا تستحق شرف رئاسة الولايات المتحده
https://www.google.com/amp/www.bbc.co.uk/news/amp/39073389 …
No, that's not "big."
BTW Campbell Soup is crap.
@DDataX Who Cares!!!
I'm looking forward to your impeachment.
Russia, taxes, Russia, taxes, Russia, taxes, Russia, taxes,Russia, taxes, Russia, taxes,Russia, taxes, Russia,taxes,Russia!
the state of georgia loves donald trump...keep the good work
America will great again when you  stop tweeting
a shame that Pres and AG can't admit the facts regarding the Russians. I feel Sessions is a fine person_what is wrong TRUTH
brings us closer to the wholesale destruction of this country than any of us could have expected in our lifetimes.

show us your taxes as you promised you would #liar #UnfitToServe #RussianOwnedAndOperated #SoCalledPresident
The WHO at the WHAT?  America cares about this?  Zzzzzzzz.  How 'bout you do your job instead?
best of luck
big job to do being president, get off the dang phone.
No one looks forward to your self-focused interviews!!
YOU  are  CERTIFIbILE
you are a real putz
I can't believe things that come out of your mouth, I don't think you can process the words

So you can brag on yourself or manipulate someone else into doing it, why not just say, Hey brag on me
on Fox?
it's not all about money
shut up!
Your team seeded him Henry with questions for answers you've rehearsed, #LyingDonald.
#resisttrump
Yeah, that guy is going to look out for America's best interests.... for those at the top. Never mind the poor who needs em
FAKE TRANSPARENCY!!!! That's how you are now called FAKE TRANSPARENCY!!  #FreedomOfThePress
Poor Henry Kravis will have to listen to you go on about the fucking election. Stop the attacks on  your own citizens now!
Keep at it!  #youaremypresident #MAGA
when will you release your taxes, comrade?
where's your taxes?
leave the states ALONE that have legalized marijuana. You certainly have bigger fish to fry.
you suck at interviews...why are you looking forward to it?
What is the current punishment for high treason? For election tampering involving a foreign government?
be careful of the tribe Mr President.  They are not your friends
more american like what your doing than what the fake news is reporting GO Mr President!
Why did you lie about Russia? Why did you lie about Boeing? Why did you lie about transgender bathrooms? You lie.
I'm trying to build an organic compost pile apart from my own feces and the towns stray cats what else would help
True Liar. Why does every President hate Black people and Muslims.
.@realDonaldTrump You are detested. We are ashamed of you. And ourselves. Resign.
pig
@POTUS  It is time to do the Psych eval that the PSYCHIATRISTS are requesting on  this crazy man!
 tweeting about tv appearance during botched Yemen raid.
I never want to hear another fucking word about Benghazi.
Since you dont listen to your own intelligence, maybe just maybe they feel the US public should know perhaps?
Puppet.
Are they looking for bankruptcy advice? How to stiff small business owners? How to be a Russian mob puppet? #impeach
Yeah, do this instead of making a plan for Chicago, good decision Donald (daft name) #gonebyeaster
.. it's odious that you Libreals only value free speech if it's your own and you desperately need psychiatric medications!
will you speak about protecting LGBTQ community? Immigration? Native Americans? The environment? And your ties to Russia?
yeah. And?
From which I assume you know he will mainly be blowing smoke up your arse.
Never heard of him. Be sure to tell hm about your historic electoral votes victory...and the crowds...the massive crowds...
