Fake part is the dinner. I didn't see any claims on a secret dinner. That means the meeting is real, dinner fake #TeamTreason #Putin'sPuppet
Real news: you are statistically the worst president in modern democracy.
Write when ya get work!
Que tiene en común Chávez y Maduro?
Ninguno de los dos está en VIVO
I know many Russian people and they are pretty much the same as us.
blah blah blah.......
C'mon, Donny Boy! You're busted! It's time to #Resign - #ResignNow - Do it!
Speculating on a Presidents actions is the most palace intrigued WH ever = "sick"
Pussy grabbing = a-ok
They never said it was a dinner. Just that you spent a significant amount of time with Putin & no witness about what was said.
JUST OPPOINT SOMEONE TO LOOK INTO #HILLARYCLINTON LOST EMAILS AND THIS BULLSHIT WILL STOP !!!!!! #MAGA3X #POTUS #TRUMP #HILLARYCLINTON
Who knew puncuation could be so difficult?
The press is already in hell, liars and slanderers.  Media believes their fabrications are working &  they think we don't keep informed!
It's the secret meeting you had with no American witness present that concerns us.
Why do you need to keep explaining things? Innocent people don't need to do that.
Uh, I don't think you're on the same page. Go figure. Who still believes and pays attention to what you say? You don't matter. At all. Zip.
I don't care about the secret meeting. What I want to know is, what were they saying about John Podesta?
"Sick"? Who are you quoting there? And why so sickened? That's no way to speak about your good buddy Vlad. No loyalty, SAD!
You keep calling everyone Fake News. It's boring. Hypocritical, considering you, your family, WH administration, & Fox News push Fake News.
Should probably quit crying about Democrats opposing you, demanding everyone obeys your order 'cos, y'know, that's suppressing democracy.
He can't even read the stories. that the press puts out. Only guesses what they said. Wrong again Donnie!!!
I LOVE YOU VLAD, AND YOU ARE IN SUCH GREAT SHAPE!!!
Denial prolongs the truth. I'm praying for you
SHUTTHEFUCKUP
The nation supports you sir! We appreciate ur courage and leadership. That's not what I'd say about @VP, Ryan & McConnell. Brutus Betrayors
Fake news is a disease, CNN is herpes that never goes away! #CNNisHerpes
Fake news incites violence, lies, and endorses pedophilia. #CNNisHerpes
You look like a family guy that participates in inbreeding and pedophilia...
3 Years, 6 Months, 1 Day, 16 Hours, 6 Minutes, and 48 Seconds
This guy again? Twitter was so much cooler without you, Mr. "president ".  #firetrump
Veto any and all spending bills that fund Obamacare. Make them override a veto or make them take the blame for shutting the Govt. down.
What does Putin have on you? How messed up is it?
Fake President!
#HighestLevelRussianAgent
Poor widdle Donny
Seriously if you looove Vladimir Putin so much here's an idea dump @FLOTUS and marry Putin then yall can bang each other into the night
Putin: Dance for me Donny! Dance!
All attendees are talking about the Putin/Trump date. Trump is too arrogant/stupid to understand the implications. America is embarrassed.
Because your not paying attention. You hear only what your told. You regurgitate only what you've heard.
Do share your wisdom. Like the   all you offer is criticism.
Wait, there was a secret dinner??
One hour with Putin without translators
Correction: with Putin's translator only.
Why didn't he use his own translator? Wtf. Isn't that breaking a protocol of sort?
He did. 
Only, his translator only knows Japanese.
I'm not making that up.
yes they also said that too
so everyone heard your hour long conversation with Putin then?
Thanks to a hot mix we heard Obama secret convo with him..when they were colluding. But hey its Obama so dems are good with it
The Press Knew about the DINNER, not about the 3-person meeting!!

You are FAKE NEWS!
Oh, and BOOM!  It's gonna get a whole heck of a lot worse!!!
Lock Him Up!
Lock Ivanka Up!
Lock Don Jr. Up!
Lock Eric Trump Up!
Lock them ALL Up!
Oh let's not forget to lock up McConnell Betsy DeVos Kushner and them Trump Do Do head children!
And every inch of the perimeter was wired for sound. You're fucked.
a regular thing for you and you eat Imodium AD by the handful along with other drugs?  Can you elaborate on this for the people?
Still Putin and Assad are murders, you going to do anything about them? Thats not fake news they are doing it as i speak
grow up
FAKE president
Don't worry about it!  We are totally behind you!
Not sure where u live, but I know about 40 mm ppl who despise him and they all voted legally.
All the people I know like Trump  nobody likes killary
All people I know have at minimum a college degree.
Fake News story of secret dinner with Putin is "sick." All G 20 leaders, and spouses, were invited by the Chancellor of ...
It was the time after dinner idiot.
Stay on track. Ignore the evil MSM.
Secret conjugal visit? @prisonlegalnews
I believe people are commenting not on the dinner, but on the hour spent in a personal conversation with Putin.
Who gives a shit?? It's his fucking job!!
Or would you rather be at war with Russia Like Hitlery and McCain?
Who are you quoting when you say "sick"
Fake News, CNN, MSNBC,ABC, Are finished, They are Looser's . We Don't need these spoiled Hillary suck up's .
It's spelled losers (with 1 o), but carry on . I mean, hey... Trump doesn't know the difference.
I think thou does protest too much! Your word's are the words of a guilty man LYING to everyone to try to distract all of us! But we see you, we hear you, have tapes of you, and we know you are LYING! AND GUILTY OF TREASON! 
 Sounds like those who came up with these lies are jealous of you & your position as our President & want the B*Tch Hillary Clinton back! 
Right we at least want someone honest
This is typical of the political media machine of the never trump folks and the left democrats.
Oh wait im sick i think i caught that from our president
Please stop attacking the free press, we would be a communist country without it.
More like "Free-For-All" that level of accountability required to keep the free press in line was killed by no-name sources-sourcery.

More power to President Trump if so. CNN is going down
Open your eyes. He's lying to you.
Stop with the bs your guilty
I like all the libtards posting 4 or 5 times because they're too ignorant to form a coherent statement in 140 characters or less. Ha.
But only YOU and he for an hours,, what about that??

You made time for Putin and you saw to it that it was kept secret from those you were elected to serve. You don't own that office Trump.
NEVERMIND.ITOLD YOU YOU WILL HAVE ALWAYS JEALOUS.
The words, "Russia" and "collusion" have been used by MSM, all channels, 131,476 times......
You are not a CEO of the U.S. you work for us.  I want a an interpreter and a note taker whenever you speak w Putin.
The secret's in what was said. Not 1 other American will EVER know.
Really, ALL G-20 members were invited 2 a "SECRET" meeting with Putin? How come U were the only one that went 2 the "SECRET" meeting?
G20 two years ago
Fact. You are increasing Losing your base.
They should be jailed! People listen to them like they are telling the truth and they are liers. Project Veritas
The media is having a secret love affair with Putin!! That's what's happening!! They are sick!!

Were all G20 leaders present at your talk w/Putin that you tried to keep concealed?
True
The dinner wasnt secret, your hour long private meeting alone with Putin is the problem. America deserves to know the truth.
It's not about the dinner, it's about you lying to us. Like a kid with a face full of chocolate saying: "I did not steal the cookies".
You know the truth to how this became a story & who is responsible & why. If you don't, you are a bigger fool than your Twitter acct shows
Guilty dogs bark first and LOUDEST. Keep barking Donald, keep barking. #treasonweasel
In all of the pictures, U seem in awe of Putin. I notice how U went to him, he didn't come to U. So R U Putin's puppet of Bannon's???
All those hand signals just to make dinner small talk???
This is beyond ludicrous. Let's talk about the uranium deal, something with substance. Oh no, wait that was ............. so it's fine.
Mr. President, this doesn't even warrant a response from you. It's sheer stupidity and evil and twisted minds of the liberal fascists.
. I would love to have dinner with Putin.  I think he's totes into me.
@PressSec @POTUS @SenToomey @FLOTUS @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @SarahPalinUSA @vladimirputin45thpresidentusa
I didn't sneak off to play with Vlad. All the kids were there. The teachers knew!
Trump you are not doing a decent job at developing a decent Health Care policy without focusing on putting more money in your Pockets.Liar!
Who said it was "secret"?  No one.  It WAS private though, no? As usual, you lie and gaslight.  Traitor, resign!
I wonder what your wife were speaking about...how convenient that you're wife speaks Russian..
Fake president installed by Russia, the media knows.
You are sick! Threaten Mueller again, dare ya to!
You are simply trying to make America great. We love you!
God bless you President Trump!!  They have nothing more important to do!
What is "sick" is your continuous obfuscation & making back-room deals w Putin. U r perfidious.
The only thing sick is you trump. I can't wait for the final shoe to drop on you regarding this investigation.
Its their Narrative to keep all eyes off of Hillary and Obamas crimes...off of the IRS Crimes and DOJ Crimes of Obama Era! U R Great!
Donald, you made $10 billion deal by deal. You didn't hit a lottery.I'm willing to concede that you might see something real that eludes us.
2) The translator could've told you ANYTHING & you wouldn't known. I know in reality, you don't care! Adoptions? That's lifting sanctions!
*wah*
Yes your secret dinner with Putin IS sick. Your nickname is Fake News right? Trump aka Fake News himself.
How would they now? You are keeping everything behind closed doors, you are not having televised meetings/hearings. So who is sick here??
"Sick?" Why the quotes? #LiarInChief
Trump: Fake news! 
(minutes later) 
Trump: He invited them too! Ask the press, they knew! 
Press: *crickets chirp*
This again? We know it was just a dinner, it's all the stuff that's going on when our backs are turned that's pissing people off.
Not what we are talking about sir.  U were with putin during this event.  Your painting of the facts is what is sick.  U r making U.S. Sick
Maybe you should start doing what American people want not worrying about the so called fake news
I know but @CNN and @washingtonpost washingtonpostwill slant any story to make a mountain from a mole hill. They are run by DOUCHE BAGS!
You don't owe anyone any explanation Sir. Just keep working hard for American people and let the haters burn
We have the most pathetic leader of all time... the poor little Boy Scouts!!! Wow
Ха-ха-ха, сейчас напишу коммент на русском, и сразу возникнет русский след. Забавно!
Let's see the notes then.
After dinner where were you?
to hell with them...fk what they say.we don't believe them
you went over loke a supplicant. Never ever criticize @BarackObama or @GeorgeWBush_43 again. They showed deference & respect not fealty!
Then why did you have a side conversation with Putin with no record of the conversation? Hiding something?
I see where you think it was appropriate because it was a "couples dinner" but I think they meant Melania when they said couples, not Putin
LMAO
your 'sick' to the american people #Buffon
More FAKE NEWS from the FAKE NEWS networks 
It's G19 now thanks to you PUTZ
And you just gave Putin Syria -withdrawing all aid to Rebels to Assad
Unreal. This is crazy
????
What is sick and nauseating is you selling out America to russia
Fake news is ur presidency. Can't get a darn thing done.
Can you imagine if Trump what have did what hiliary did with her servers and selling Russia our uranium you fake news globalists.
= downfall not anything more sinister BTW... Your fate is nearly sealed now and ahead of my predictions I must say.
I guess they learned how to be dishonest from you.
You are the fake president!
@Protrump45 Hitler used people like you to undermine the media... it works for awhile but even they caught on
MAGA
You're lying.
Nobody said it was 'secret'. We know you prefer to practice your treason out in the open! Now that is 'sick'. #Guantanamo
They didn't say "secret dinner."  They said "secret conversation" with no other Americans there; just the Russian interpreter.
so then release a record of exactly what was said instead of the fake adoption line


Oh dear, #crookeddonny, busted again
Japanese fake news of Abe criticism is also sick.
LOL, the joke was on you. Mrs. Abe does speak English. She just didn't want to talk to you. Loser!
watch what you African. When slavery comes back, you better behave, or you'll get lashes.
Not A Secret meeting, but three.
We know you didn't do anything wrong, there is nothing wrong with after dinner blowjobs #MAGA
Too chummy with Putin! You need to keep it in your pants in front of the rest of the world Donald! Everyone is watching!
Jk but get off of fucking twitter tho
Lo e my TRUMP
RUSSIAN FOREIGN MINISTER REVEALS TRUMP LIED ABOUT NOT HAVING MET PUTIN BEFORE!!!  SAD.
EXCLUSIVE: Russia's Lavrov Says Trump May Have Met Putin More Times http://nbcnews.to/2tw7RwL  via @nbcnews
Fake president. Corrupt, family corrupt, business model of declaring bankruptcy.  Definitely not a success.
How about wishing McCain speedy recovery. It's not all about @realDonaldTrump
the whole lot gone nuts they are shocking.
why when you come to office things become fake news. really
The 5 discussing Sessions  don't fire him whatever you do
People don't want you corrupting voter data or having access to their private info because NOBODY TRUSTS YOU! What are YOU trying to hide??
President Trump, I am just a girl, born and raised in Philadelphia, Pa. What do u think about the Cosmo DiNardo killings? He killed before!
#CNNtapes
Why is "sick" in quotes?
Talking about "adoptions"?  Might that have something to do with Putin trying to get sanctions removed? Serious stuff, Donald.
