How was he even allowed to run? Does this mean I can just pick a district and run? I wouldn't because I respect laws...we all know Dems dont
Not a law! Jerks believe Liar Trump!!
But don't mind me...I want yall to keep acting stupid like this...won't win another election for 30 years...lmao!!!!
Guess you are proven WRONG about Democrats not winning for 30 years.  Trump still a liar and  is being investigated !  Trump not winning.
Jeff....Unless you are very wealthy, you are not winning.  Only winners are in his cabinet and Trump.  Can u not deny the corruption!
Just stay tuned...this investigation is NOT going to go the way you think it is. It will be a real shocker to your central nervous http://system.lol 
So now I admit there is an investigation .... how anyone supports trump amazes me... sick of his bigotry and bullshit. You must be like him
#fakepresident
With taxes being cut to pay for schools, military and prisons, where will the money come from? Who will pay for the wall, infrastructure, and tax cuts for the wealthy? Seriously, the federal gov't is pushing this on the states, so has to come from somewhere!
Democrat Jon Ossoff, who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security, doesn't even ...
The Democratic Party is so full of corruption.  Too many under educated, former ghetto residents, liberal ignoramus in charge of the party.

Fighting for your every lovin' miserable, rotten life? Good! You'll get tired. We won't stop! #TrumpPutin #MoneyLaundering
Trump
#liartrump. No one likes you.
Admin becoming a laughing stock. Lunatic appointments like Scaramuchi don’t reflect a “great America,” they reflects thugs!
You would think despite the ignorance of the liberal mind sets that even they would get a clue.. Trump is our President! Get used to it!
*mindsets
Melania don't even live in the white house
From my kiwi eye  Melania is poised groomed intelligent and beautiful.
And a loving mother .why don't you celebrate  her  ?
You're weak on everything. And what about your poll #s?
UP!
Up? Up what? Sorry not being rude or mean just a little confused to what you were referring to. 
Bot.
Maria, above.
No to raising tax No to soft of crime. MAGA Sam 2
Democrat Jon Ossoff, who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security, doesn't even live in district.
WHOOPS!  Hold on a minute!  He wants to raise YOUR TAXES, not the middle class, hard working man's taxes,
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJ1PDsD26zyK4FD6NeBtoK6SXUz09y94FTOv00/ …
Go Donald you are all of us that want leadership and not obamashit.
I wish ppl would wake up and see thru this over tan red man
Taxes are important. Raise taxes for the richest!
He's a fool, your the president, don't let him, you got this chief.
That figures

so get rid Mr TRUMP your main man now you fire hire who you take fancy to
TIME TO VOTE OUT ALL SOCIALIST THINKING CONGRESS, WAKE UP AMERICA
Narcissistic, yea, but now I'm suspecting Bipolar Manic.
Even with the illegal alien and the Prisoner vote she didn't win hahaha
Soooo are we allowed to cuss out the pres. Without fear of going to jail or have your life messed with ??????
First time i ever use twitter why is the abolishment of overtime being discussed ?????
All while blaming the former president, taking credit for work done by the former president and playing golf at tax payers expense?
While allowing violent, bipolar, and other's suffering from mood and mental health disorders to purchase firearms? What a twit
Isn't the President currently raising taxes to the highest to give breaks to the richest 1% of which he is included?
Can't believe a word you say
Melanie Trump, married to POTUS, doesn't even live in The White House.
Why do use a platform like Twitter to make "official statements"? Are you and your followers so dubs you only process short thoughts?
Wouldn't it be more effective in another forum where you could explain the details & back up your claims? Oooh, you don't want that, do you?
。。。。
But he grew up there & doesn't live far & I doubt you listened to any policy idea that kid had. Plz resign Sir.
Thank you President Trump..for the Real news!!! Love you!!! God Bless!!
So we listen to you and watch the top 400 families roll in one of the largest proposed tax cut, while the rest of us get zip.
No higher taxes, shame on you. The rich people
I thought that was what you were doing. Must be mistaking you for "Crooked" Hilary.
Jon Rip-Off is a more suitable name
And #failedpotus does not even live in reality of US citizens. YOU are not qualified to judge.
I hear he's real strong on crimes like espionage and treason.
Surprised?
The truth is: Mr. DONALD J TRUMP is the PRESIDENT OF OUR GREAT MATION USA
Liar in chief, impeachment heading your way
And "so-called" president has never held ANY public office.
If they up the taxes you won't care you avoid paying a lot anyway
When has that stopped you. You criticize others for doing what you do. You are and will always be a HYPOCRITE,CRAZY,LYING RACIST BIGOT!!!!!

U r a delusional victim of fake news & disinformation. Don the Con is a mentally ill narcissistic misogynistic huckster! U have been conned!
Wtf you are ower 70 u luks like 48
Democrats will keep losing 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sLCOng0Q0uo …
Says the criminal
Their Agenda first people second or 3rd or 4th.
Please stop the madness!
USA! first always! We the people
You don't even want to be around poor people. your golden spoon around your neck and you do not understand working class or the poor.
blah blah blah, no law requires it in Georgia, ass!
You are the WORST president ever! Does not matter what you accomplish now; you have diminished the role just by your rhetoric.
At least he's not blowing Putin
Red Herring
Mr president,you are too arrogant
If u was to wake up in auschwitz and was starving to death trump! Would your personality shine through so people would help you?
What?
Your wife lives in NY.
Oh.China.owns usa..how an di u can get her out of there hands.
You lie so much.
Can't believe that he does not live in the district. And lamb excuse for not living in it.
Every government entity needs a lesson in how to tighten their belt and become frugal and then apply it. Tax cuts needed to stimulate econ.
Your time is short
Do you have any proof of your information because i believe this is wrong
Where's his birth certificate? Has anyone seen it?
MR. PRESIDENT, YOU'RE IN A RIGHT PATH, DO EVERYTHING IF YOU THINK THAT'S GOOD FOR THE MAJORITY OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. VIVA PRES TRUMP.
Typical democrat
Not living in district is meaningless.  Many in Congress don't live in district or state for that matter. Liar .. liar pants on fire!!
@voniaburrell97   BETTER THAN YOU,BUT THEN YOUR ON YOUR WAY OUT----- YOU WON'T GET NO HEALTH CARE VOTE--- WHY DONT COMEY WANT ALONE WITH YOU
Cunt.
KAREN IS FROM DC
What a misleading lying bum...
What about health care you are taking  away Medicaid for people that really need it makes this staunch conservative wanting to change to Dem
I can't believe the Democrats put up somebody for this seat who is barely out of his pajamas.
Great Job Georgia. I love that state. - Californian Conservative.
He grew up there, shitlick.
Your wife won't even move in with you and we have to pay for her need to be away from you
U have no remorse on watvur doing to the people
Why isn't  hillary being investigated?
Tipical
Attention-Seeking, Unhinged Delusional, Hysterical Hypocritical, Lame Infantile, Vile Violent, HATEFUL Democrats!!
I agree. A Republican running against a Republican is going to lose..no doubt!
Liar, but that's how you took the white house. Lying to America and lying with Russia.

So you don't want to pay your fair share of  tax?
Democrat Mayors and Governors Tax Soda Cigs and fuel and coddle muslim criminals They are enemies of america's poorest citizens
If the American people acted as ignorant and hostile is their representatives the world as we know it would be the weirdest place to live
You mean you want to raise the taxes and still not pay???!!! Lol shut up worst president ever
How id he mi rally?
Unless I'm wrong, California Representative Mimi Walters does not live in her district.
If only you cared about facts and context, but those things are beyond you.
Oddly enough, a billionaire who doesn't pay federal taxes criticizing high American taxes isn't terribly convincing.
Still laughing my Ossoff... 0-4 democraps. Pelosi is toxic to anything she touches. Keep up the good work Prez Trump!
Yeah, but, you don't even live in the White House.
says the man who does business with the very ppl who killed hundreds on 9/11. really doesn't get more reprehensible than that.
LIAR!   LIAR!!
Should amricans do more to remove trump ?
Republican Donald Trump, wants to cut taxes for the rich and is weak on healthcare and exploits crime & security, doesn't live in reality.
Hey Donnie you shouldn't be talking about taxes Remember you haven't shown America your taxes -It will show dealings with Russia 
Dems have proven they think they can do what they want, even run for Office in districts they don't live in. Can't do that in NV!
And you, who tries to pretend he is one of the people, has no idea what that even means.
Republican Melania Trump, who uses millions in federal taxpayer money for security of her home, doesn't even live in the white house.
And your brain doesn't live on this planet. Never has there been a more misguided unintelligent president.
Stay classy as usual Cheato-in-Chief.  #LeavenworthBound #PresidentBannon #PutinsCockHolster #Liar #Dementia
Lies, lies, lies.  you've convinced your supporters that they are true.  You and FOX news.  So sad for democracy.
Maybe it's time you pay taxes and help the American people , instead of taking it from the middle class
Taxes to fund leftist agendas that never worked!
This is the sort of unadulterated bullshit that helped Karen win. Ossoff had not plans to raise taxes to "highest level". LEARN & USE FACTS.
Democrats lower taxes on the middle class you big buffoon. Republicans like you raise them. Stop lying to people.
How about paying your fair share of taxes!  Stop screwing the lower and middle income!!!  You criminal!  #IMPEACH TRUMP
At least he wants to tax people who can afford to pay for taxes. You want only the rich to survive and you hate the middle class and poor...
read his wikipedia, not american at all.
Liar
Typical Dems. want to raise taxes and do nothing for the people except self enrichment!!!
#fakenews
watch the loin roar,  god has spoken.
Thank God for a man who puts american first, those to the left don't see it, because they to busy with their hand in the cookie jar. Free
Omg, would you shut up and attempt to do your JOB!

The Democrats have IQ Deficit
