Still doing quantitative easing? When is tax $ going to stop pumping up stock market? Inflation at consumer level insane! Fed stats lie!
Just read your Bio - I think I am way out of my league on this, lol. I’m merely a lowly application developer. Cheers!
Infaltion simple take a bill from 8 years ago compare to today. The fed pumps 75 billion a month into stock market to keep pension a float.
I love Trump, Dod Frank & fed reserve started insanity under obama administration. Yellen admitted inflation predictions wrong,no kidding!
Go to grocery store and see how much food costs, compared to 2008. Yellen whoops kept interest rates to low for to long. Just print more $$.
Noooo kidding! My wife does both the shopping and bill paying. We have twins and a daughter in H.S. but still. I had to see the grocery bill
#MAGA #trump2020
You suck you stupid narcissistic  F A T  f@ck!

puto trump.., va muy largo el hijo de perra 
Esta haciendo la peña rica, un tio q ha invertido comprando 1000 dolares en cfds estara rico
Es la diferencia entre ser un brillante hombre de negocios a ser político 
Trump era malo para las bolsas y eso es verdad pero la pregunta como y cuando puede suceder?!
Si es malo para las bolas aplica la teoría #Contrarian 
Pues asi ha sido pero de una forma historica y exagerada y llevamos solo 11meses
Thank you President Barack Obama  !!!!

Trump will most assuredly regret this hubris crowing about equity market strength in time.
با تنسى
Record swift response to our suffering fellow Americans in Puerto Rico! #sarcasm #bum

"If you can't treat someone with dignity and respect, then get out."
 http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/09/29/554458065/you-should-be-outraged-air-force-academy-head-tells-cadets-about-racism-on-campu?utm_campaign=storyshare&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_medium=social …
Are you serious? JFC
#Trumponomics
#TrumpTaxScam
 “Trump isn't telling the truth about his tax plan. So I am.”
Show us your taxes!
NO . . SHOW US YOUR TAXES!
How many of your supporters own stocks? 

Your tax plan will take money from many of your supporters and give it to the rich.


There's a lot that goes into the stock market and it's not all indicative of a successful president. Let's continue make your economy strong
It’s obvious that it has little to do with a successful president because ours isn’t that successful.
Thank Mr. President!! We love you. 
Record highs in the stock market have NOTHING to do with you ! #NotMyPresident
Thanks, @BarackObama !!
Thanks Obama
I’m sure ALL of UR rich friends R delighted to hear theyllnhabe less taxes to pay. It’ll suck where I live bcz I already pay out the ass!!!!
We love you OBAMA!!!

...for Americans' right to protest whatever and however they please. Thank you, real men!
Real men respect our flag
Real men and women don't tell other men and women when freedoms are allowed.
Seen Berkley late? 1st amnd
More bots
Bots? Because they support Trump on a Trump tweet? Hmmm then That makes you a TROLL
Haha gotta laugh at it Lynette its either race or gender and now add Bots to their defense tool.
Thanks to obama
Cause #Trump is awesome
Look at my Instagram . la_deplorable.     Trump !! 
Soon the truth will be out.
The market is Continuing of 7 years of big highs.
OH BOY! PUERTO RICO, ENJOY!
Your approval ratings go down and the markets go up. This is a correlation I can live with.
Has nothing to do with you. Property stocks and REITs way down on the year.
This proves you are doing a great job and Americans have confidence in you! MAGA!!
Which of your policies contributed to this?
Thanks @BarackObama !!!!!!
Yay! Now let’s give huuge tax breaks for the wealthy on the backs of the middle class!
@Trump the Dotaard said his tax plan is a miracle!
The miracle will be if it passes #showusthenumbers # nevergonnahappen #hesaliar
Where's the jobs people still struggling can't pay their rent and feed their families Jew pushing us out of our homes buying everything
Libertate perit Hispaniae.
Really?  What about DOW, NASDAQ and job numbers.  Oh, if it's not good, no mention?!?!??
Another reason why we voted for a business man and not a polished lying politician 
Hard working Americans MAGA
He's like the biggest liar in the whole entire wide world Annabellle. He lies more than God allows.
Lies? He alone is doing everything in his power to keep promises he made in 2016 without help from your obstructionist party!
Yes, lies. He is a liar. A big, fat, liar. Daily. I am so tired of his lies. Damn he lies a lot. So many many many lies. :(
Thanks Obama!
How many children will go to bed hungry tonight?
This is the only time you’ve cared about something with the word “poor” in it
Cool, this will be comforting news for the starving, dehydrated or dead people of #PuertoRico.
2017-18 is all Obama, Baby. Yours on the other hand will be devastating  years
#ThanksObama 
Russian message. Beware bots.
Alice is not a Russian bot. She's a Russian Op. Her bots, who are assigned by hashtags feed off of her tweets.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
....by impeaching you!
Assets bubble coming?  He doesn't care ... bankruptcy casinos and Puerto Rico! #Impeachment
record high sellout of america to the 1 percent!
Record high call for my impeachment.
Thank you @BarackObama . You are under his fiscal year. Yours starts Sunday
And almost zero middle class benefits directly from S&p daily fluctuation
U r completely wrong. You should see thier 401K's.
"Their"
"Asshole"
NOT
Love my 401K. Thank you Mr President
This will be short lived when it torpedoes
It was high before you were somehow elected! Fool
Lying bastard...
Thanks at @BarackObama. Your watch starts October 1st.
NO ONE!
Sr   presidente. Donald  j . trump. Le. Encuentro  razón  no cantar la canción. Nacional .  en chile  ver nuestra bandera.  Y cantar.
RECORD LOW for your approval ratings from American PP. You now have the LOWEST poll ratings in the HISTORY of American Gov. PP are trying to tell you something. Why won't you listen? Please resign b4 you start WWIII?
Thank you, PRES. OBAMA!
Nothing to do with you or your b bald head
Thanks to Obama
I only have one hashtag for that #HasMadeAmericaGreatAgain. Best #POTUS EVER & I'm glad my vote helped make it happen! , & 4 our #POTUS
He’s literally destroying our country and you think he’s the best ever. Jaw dropping stuff.
Trying to get your attention saying you can run this country like a business if you reimburse merchants for products sold while they pay $18
I meant if the gov't doubled merchants profits by matching what they were bought for, they could pay an 18 dollar min wage and income tax would pay our debts.
I voted for YOU.....first time I’ve EVER voted at 48 years old. I believe in you!!! HELP THE PEOPLE OF PORTO RICO!!!!
So sorry, help is NOT on the way, you were duped
That shouldn't be your focus. Stop watching the markets and start looking at the people in this country struggling!! THAT MEANS PUERTO RICO
Thanks Obama!
RECORD HIGH TREASON BY TRUMP AND HIS FAMILY!
Thanks President Obama! It's his economy! Yours doesn't start till October 1st 2017...first fiscal year! We love Obama!!!!!
Thanks Obama!!
Not because of you and your administration
You're the worst president ever.
You could get help.  Enter a program.  Its not too late.  But resign, you are unfit for high office with this disease.
I work in a small country school in Oregon with limited funds. We'd be PROUD to accept any books Melania has to offer!
Can you provide with  photo opportunity or media coverage? Then yes. Otherwise......
#ImpeachTrump
Waiting for another Wall Street crash?
records lows for you!! GEt out of OUR White House!!!!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtY9OtQ5vE8 …
Yes. Record high . Thank you Obama
Yay! The rich get richer!

Stocks - What every president should be worried about during a time of crisis.

What about that approval rating, tho...
Who cares. Go help PR now.
#ThanksObama
Record low for your BS
Thanks Obama!
Trump:
To the forgotten men and women of Puerto Rico I would like to help you but I have had huge problems here with the NFL

God bless you

FROM THE BOTTOM OF MY HEART I SUPPORT http://TRUMP.LOVE  FROM INDIA.WE WANT TRUMP TO VISIT SOUTH INDIA.
So corporations don’t need tax cuts!!!
Thank you @POTUS44
Thanks Obama!
Despite your best efforts. You inherited the economy Obama fixed dontard.
Record high for my man too.
That's just garbage! Puerto Rico should have been helped days ago.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1683110898427150&id=636522656419318 …
Please check this out mr. President
Taking a knee that started while Obama was Pres and he did nothing creating division thank you Obama
BIG WATER! 
Mmmh.......  @ http://kiliedutravel.com/packages.html 
Let's give them a tax cut!!!  #IdiotinChief
American citizens are dying in #PuertoRico in hospitals that are runnning out of fuel for their generators! Others have no food or water
The market TRIPLED under President Obama. Thanks, Obama!!
When the stock market crashes are you going to take credit for that too? Because it is going to
Who gives a fuck. People are dying I. Puerto Rico and POTUS is golfing. Optics? You people are shameful. The world is watching.
Record high racism!
@realDonaldTrump you should be locked up for your disgusting response to the People of Puerto Rico! You’re and embarrassment! #ImpeachNow
Still thank you to a real president President Obama
Thank you President Obama
Please just don't!
Thanks @POTUS44 !
What goes up must come down.
Thanks Obama!
الناس تكره الشياطين فلا تكن علي راس قائمة الشياطين..

Record low for presidential accountability.  Your lies and deceptionare catching up with your tweets.  We know when you lie-mouth is moving.
Trump supporter don't do polls! Just like Hillary was a head the whole time! And if she Won she would have been my president!
THAT ONLY HELPS YOUR RICK BUDDIES.
TRICKLE DOWN IS A LIE, BUT THAT IS YOUR FAVORITE THING, RIGHT, LIES.
Us on the paycheck to paycheck plan dont give a shit @realDonaldTrump its not helping me and the other americans on this plan with anything.
Puerto Rico, asshole.
crash crash crash #tonyrobbins
Are you going to take the blame when the shit tanks as well? Will you tweet about that?
Thanks President Obama for turning arround The Great recession!
Lol! Skippy this is not you & not going on the nation's refrigerator. Nice try.
Thank you Obama
Thank U so much Donald Trump we need you
Thanks, Obama!
Yeah, but not the highest rise, which is more to the point.  Why do you brag so much?  Unseemly.
Thanks president obama
If you take credit for that then you must also take responsibility for the hurricanes.
Can the people of Puerto Rico eat/drink that? Get your shit together, man
No but they can eat and drink all of the aid that’s being sent thanks to the Presidents actions. Stop thinking Twitter posts are the only way the president can take action, ignorant leftist.
Good for you.
We're expanding our efforts to help Puerto Rico & the USVI, where our fellow Americans need us right now. Join us at http://oneamericaappeal.org  https://twitter.com/barackobama/status/905930380783620097 …
Puerto Rico? Corrupt cabinet members? Collusion with Russia? Putins cock holster
Not your merit, thank #Obama

Still as a result of Obama and not you
Thanks to Obama. Your shit begins in November.
As if the forgotten people you claim to represent who put in office from Florida, Ohio, Pennsylvania,Wisconsin & Michigan give a shit
All you hot rod! All you... 
The rich get richer, the poor get to enjoy your tweets! Both get what they have voted for.
Thanks Obama!
Sounds like socialism
@realDonaldTrump you at acting like a reckless out of touch #Dotard
FILL THE SWAMP  FILL THE SWAMP  FILL THE SWAMP  FILL THE SWAMP  FILL THE SWAMP  FILL THE SWAMP  FILL THE SWAMP FILL THE SWAMP FILL THE SWAMP
nice job keeping Obama's trend going! #loser #takingfakecredit
Record low for health, safety & well being of our Puerto Rican citizens.
It is harvest, Cheech!
Keep bragging instead of working. You    
Still checking on facts.
Record high for puertoricans with necessities and u think in money,  get real they are part of USA
Thanks Obama! The fiscal year is September 1- October 30. Your results won't start showing till this time next year
Not of your doing !
I am sure the American citizens in Pierrot Rico are not impressed.
That balloon will pop soon.
Of course it’s all because of you, not!
He's going to block you
Thank you president trump!!!!
Tell that to #PuertoRico
RECORD HIGH FOR most disastrous hurricanes to Puerto Rico while a sitting president has no clue on how to support logistics to a USA island.
