@foxandfriends is your safe space eh?  lol.
Pass
BARF!!!
Fake news for Fake President
Oh, and they’re not fake news why?
They're your only friends... them and your incompetent advisors- er.. children.
@realDonaldTrump doesn't have the stones to do interviews anywhere where he might encounter a real journalist with real questions. Cluck.
Fake news at its best!
Not entertainment
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJ1PDsD26zyK4FD6NeBtoK6SXUz09y94FTOv00/ …
Pay no attention to this fraud trying to distract from Senate Republicans' health care bill.
It is nothing more than massive tax cuts for the ultra wealthy achieved by gutting our healthcare system.
$800B cuts to Medicaid and "defunding" @PPact is sickening and must not be allowed to pass.
This bill does the exact opposite of what Donald promised as a candidate. He must be held accountable.
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 6 Months, 28 Days, 6 Hours, 52 Minutes, and 10 Seconds
Plus 4 more years
Follow the money DIRECTLY to his shady ass Russian business dealings.  COMRADE is owned by our ENEMY.  Russian oligarchs own this biotch
More reason not to watch @foxandfriends !!!
Awesome, can't wait for new lies, new insults, new blame, new admissions of guilt. We'll tape it and wiretap it. 36% Approval. Illegitimate.
thanks for the information Mr. President I'll be watching 
Great! They probably won't ask any tough questions, right?
Is it true sir ... this is U 
Will not be watching. Enjoy! POS
Should be caĺled Trump and Friends
I would never watch that channel, too much fake news and too many alternative facts
Enjoy? You being on television isn't a favor or treat to the American people. You know what is? Not ruining their health care & country.
You know what the American people would enjoy? You resigning, Mr. 40% Approval Rating.
Resign and go to la chingada. That would be great!
Where's the sociopath diagnosis from a doctor about Depp?
How do those of us who are citizens get to hear you speak to important things. We don't watch fox because it is a propaganda tool for you.

I'd rather put hot needles into my eyes

...keep the factory from moving to Mexico, will lay off over 600 employees next month because the deal isn’t working out.
Stop self-promoting, and WORK!!!
https://twitter.com/allahpundit/status/877962447457484800 … ENJOY!
Carrier moving Trump jobs to Mexico https://www.axios.com/carrier-moving-jobs-trump-vowed-to-save-to-mexico-2446291250.html …
The only network that'll have you.
They banned any public press briefings at the White House with camera or audio. I wonder why 
This is how it begins...
I'd rather jump out of a window.
A hard pass.
The first non-American president ever. They should send you to a Russian prison  when your impeached and prosecuted.
OOO OOO OOO, please make sure to say more incriminating things about Russia #ThatWoudlBeGreat!
Who cares about Faux news? The world calls fox a joke w/zero credibility.It's like taking loans anyway you can & the US won't lend to you.
Will be making millions of Americans worse off. Enjoy!
Cn nt believe there are so many hateful, disrespectful people that live in American. So many cry babies too because they lost the election.
Can you believe that people are stupid enough to follow a Russian tool who will take their healthcare away?
You're talking Obama right? After all he GAVE Crimea to Putin and ruined the private healthcare market with fatally flawed Obamacare.
You say Muellers team filled with Clinton loyalists...yours is filled with Russian loyalists. You may want to watch your comparisons.
Isn't FOX fake news after they got your lawyer to admit you're under investigation?
Will you be explaining why you support the disastrous Trumpcare bill the Senate revealed? Going from Obamacare to Abomination
@POTUS @HouseGOP Why don't you take a break from the sycophants and hone some critical thinking skills. You're cashing checks but no work. 
Your the damn President and you have to advertise when you will be on TV?  You are a tiny man, both in hands and heart. #inpeachincompetence
Hang on, I'll just go ask my dog if he wants to watch...
I'm going to take that as a "no".
LOL I think so!

(THREAD) Trump surrogates are misinforming America about Obstruction, Perjury, and Witness Tampering to protect Trump. Here's the truth. 
Far out!!!  Amount of likes and retweets he is getting is phenomenal within seconds.  For whatever reasons!!!
 #HeyNow
Sorry, I'm currently watching @JoeNBC  on @Morning_Joe reporting actual facts #impeachTrumpnow #NotMyPresident #TraineeInChief
Me too. Calling it like it is, not like the lollipops and rainbow versions of the orange God Fox would have you believe.

Perfect idea for the new direction of the Democratic Party. She is more intelligent than the whole party combined
Did you know your new healthcare bill will cut off over 440,000 vets from insurance?!  They're on Medicaid.  Should check it out.
Vets? My God, you don't have a clue do you?
Actually, I read the bill.  Maybe you should too.
Medicaid = no job, never job, no desire to find decent job
Vets had a job, they get healthcare......unless your dummy Obama changed that!
You're going to field some softball questions from a bunch of brown nosers? Shocking. Don't exhaust yourself.
Stay in that feedback bubble!
Much better than CNN Fake News
"Michael20999163" 
These frigging bots are everywhere.
And so is Russia Russia Russia LOL
Talk about all the people losing their healthcare if you get your way, @realDonaldTrump ! Mean! Enjoy!
Is it that difficult to have a decent job that provides it? Not everything in this world needs to be handed out.
Wow! What would you do without people who work in the construction field or Per diem nurses and OTs and speech pathologist?
You have work! You have no time for such nonsense
Bye Felicia
We probably couldn't c you since u are so far up Putin's butt.
#FakeNews for a Fake President!
They pay you, right?
Will be on @foxandfriends. Enjoy!...
Did you know Medicaid pays for 49% of all pregnancies in the United States? Did you know that your deathly #TrumpCare destroys  Medicaid?
Also pays for Foster Care, special needs, home health, medical equipment, dental & vision 4 kids, immunizations, HIV/STD/AIDS
mammo's, etc 
That is correct! I couldn't fit it all in, but it pays for SO MUCH. I just called my Senator and left a VM to voice concern: (202) 224-3121.
I was a caseworker in Soc Services....the list is ABSOLUTELY endless....I KNOW the impact Services provide...NOT just 4 poor people..
Right, not just poor! Elderly, marginalized, someone who's lost income and needs temporary help, disabled, kids! Trump has lost his mind.
AND the @HouseGOP....they leave me even MORE speechless than Trump...disastrous for Americans
I thought you didn't like fake news organizations
History'll show, your small crowds & hands, traitorous collusion, impeachment & crimes, prosecution & prison, shame & disgrace, Comey a hero
45* visits his own personal TASS.
Acting more and more like Putin
#impeach45*
I absolutely will enjoy watching....@MSNBC
Liar with the liars at Fox.

Real News! CNN is FN (fake news) God Bless America and President Trump
So, Comey told the truth? Right? Then it is true you asked him to lay off Flynn? Okay, glad you straightened that out. Comey=Truth Trump=Lie
The ONLY TV Station that can stomach you
Faux and Friends -- the public relations firm masking as TV news that you can always count on to support and promote your lies!
And you lied
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/06/23/opinion/trumps-lies.html?smid=tw-share&mtrref=t.co&gwh=55A5BCD3E605EF53080411355D63FB19&gwt=pay&assetType=opinion …
FOX IS FAKE NEWS
FAKE POTUS
FAKE LOSER
FAKE WHINER
FAKE TAPE MASTER
LIAR
LOSER
BIGLY STUPID
NO PROMISES KEPT
SAD
No thanks. I don't want to vomit "enjoy"
SAD!
Shocked. I'm shocked 
Why don't you let the press ask you the hard questions instead of the nice warm bath from your lickspittles?
isn't Fox the station that fired newscasters over sexual harassment? Birds of a feather flock together trump
I triple dog dare you to go on NPR or another reputable and unbiased news source.
Good. Nothing.much.on tv.  I always enjoy a good.comedy.
Many Americans are sick and tired of these celebs getting a pass with there jokes about the president!
Now John jackass depp? Lock him up!
You would not want me in that office no more games! And get lying Hillary soon like we were told! Lock her up! If this was me I'd be gone!
Let me get this right: you invented a nonexistent tape to intimidate a witness, amiright?

Who cares?

Fake news leader!
Yes you've done in 5 months what others haven't done in years. You've done more to ruin America in the shortest amt of time than anyone else
COULD ALWAYS TALK ABOUT THE SHOOTING AND HOW NONE OF IT MADE ANY SENSE UNTIL IT WAS USED AS A CAMPAIGN AD
Go on Real Time with Bill Maher @RealTimers
Anything to stroke you tender ego...Do you need a pacifier and a blankie?
#DirtyDonald #TweetyTrump #WorstPresidentEver
Educated people are not impressed by Fox and friends. They watch things that are more accurate
The Great Donald Too afraid to face those who challenge u & ur staff - stay in ur safe zone where u can do as u please without ? ... COWARD!
If pro life language is removed from health care bill, we will not reelect Republicans.
Low ratings! SAD.
Barf
Why dont you go On CNN  and defend yourself ? Oh thats right you dont like hard questions.
To work for Trump, must you sign a contract guaranteeing that you will lie? Seems each and every Trump servant willingly lies continuously.
Rather watch a colonoscopy than watch you...unless it was yours. That would be nice!
and only Fox and Friends. Snowflake.
Comey's memos were written and sent via computer, they are dated and verifiable. They can not be modified without knowing, they are accurate
Didn't watch. I had better things to do.
You are NOT. A. TV. STAR. You are supposed to be an American president. You know that involves more than campaign lies, right? Pretend
Enjoy what ? Watching you lie and bullshit more ? No thanks
You know what I would enjoy, motherfucker?
If the DOTUS would stop tweeting ridiculous BS, like an F'ing 9yo
Just once please tweet about something other than yourself.
I am so amazed and befuddled on how easy it is for you to Lie. You have no conscience or shame. There is something terribly wrong with you.
@bethkirksey @KPerkinsNYC @Diana1273 
You just know Melania's got to be pissed...
No thnx
You and Melania were great!
Fake president, fake news channel
Sorry, can't miss my root canal.
Get Sorrows, got to be behind all this wild negative hatred! He needs to be jailed! You have done a awesome job for the people! MAGA
Fake news.
TRUM☭
FAKE NEWS!!!
Enjoy?Hearing your lies in various psycho voices & watching your round sphincter mouth open & close is about as enjoyable as boiling in oil.
Big fan plz reply
I've never watched it--not a friend of Faux News.
You mean "fakenewsandfriends"
Sorry dipshits, but no real Americans are going to go along with your little propaganda machine
Especially for Murdoch or Ailes... Srsly lol
0928701782 اوريد علاج لبني فيصل المديةليبية منطفة الابيار
You and most of Fox are fake or distorted news!
1/2 You boldface liar! You said on NATIONAL TV that you fired Comey because of the Russia investigation, then you tried to blame Jeff
Most stopped watching Fox. Seeking real news. Remember...Fox is fake news. A quote from you!
You mean Liar and friends!
We people of Poland ask Pres.Trump to kick out USA dems TVN TV  from our country we have enough of fake media working for dems propaganda
Because they lie as much as you do.  Nothing to enjoy there!
We all know what he is Russian fed & bred
Please keep doing these interviews. It won't be long before you say something that will put you in jail.
You mean LiesAndFiends?No, thank you, it's NOT NICE
Wow my life is forever changed
I enjoy sex. Not you!!!!!
And now he says "tapes" tweet "it wasn't very stupid". OMG you can't make this stuff up! <banging my head on the keyboard> LOLOL

Mexico murder rate reaches record high http://bit.ly/2sJLXmm 
Oh we enjoyed it. We enjoyed I admitting to obstruction!
Thanks for the warning, I don't want to hear any more of your bullshit than I have to

I especially liked the part where you were blindsided into admitting to witness tampering. Bravo @FoxNews!
You mean Trump and Friends
I'm wondering if you will abolish both houses and just have a president..... wait I don't think the people of the US would agree to that
#HellerVoteNO
Again! Who cares !
Fake news headquarters? Oh yeah# not my president.
RIGHT! Enjoy, like a poke in the eye, with a sharp stick!
Resign.
Gag me with a spoon! #FoxFools #Notwatching
Being your own spokesperson ,you know how to stab your own back..ITS EASY TO REMEMBER THE TRUTH THEN A LIES. 
NOW 3 DIFFERENT STORY.
And you find this significant, how?
Comey memorialized & told FBI personnel AT THE TIME. his story didn't change, couldn't change because he'd already told people.
