.@realDonaldTrump haha 600 people in the "poll". If those were all votes for you, you still would've lost by 3 mil :)
Even this leftist article talks about illegal votes shifting elections in 2014! https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/monkey-cage/wp/2014/10/24/could-non-citizens-decide-the-november-election/ …
Everyone knows illegal votes rack up. Otherwise dems wouldn't oppose voter ID laws.
Yes, we should investigate the 2016 election immediately. Better yet - NEW ELECTION!
Trump would still win. Most Americans support travel delay. Jobs already returning. YOU LOST. SUCK IT UP
Yeah, I did lose. I'm a woman & I have 3 kids in public school. Also, I live on earth. I wish we mattered!
A judge ruled Sessions was unfit in Alabama. News: STILL UNFIT. He's racist. That's relevant, honey.


Fake news!
By REPUBLICANS only !


I think so.
Sample size 617!? That's rubbish.
Crazy story here is Reps living on another planet. Same with creationism.
complete lies Especially now
Yes true
YES BECUASE WE NEED TO BE AFFRAID OF MICROWAVEOVENS! DONT BELIEVE THE #FAKENEWS THEYRE A DANGER!!! #FAKEPRESIDENT
Nice try.  #LiarInChief #ToddlerInChief #TraitorInChief
Something's wrong for even being that close - either side! That's the problem
Seen by whom? The mentally challenged trumpskys.
Politico proved you lie 95% of the time, you're a YUGE LIAR! You are FAKE NEWS! BIGLY #FailedFakePotus #CheetoHitler #OrangeNazi
Be a kind and compassionate person. This is the inner beauty that is a key factor to making a better world.
#TrumpLies  #ImpeachTheDonald  #TrumpflictofInterest
Thought you & your peeps said all polls were fake...except this one, of course. People out here are laughing at you .
 #LoserDonald
Hahahahahahahaha! I don't think so  ;  )
Because a survey of 617 people (70.3% white) is a representative sample.
by whom?  I would call That FAKE NEWS. #FakeNewsAlert
by you.  Fake tweet right.
... by **Republican** voters. Are they then the only "real" USian citizens to you... sir? #illegitimatePresident
only in bizzaro world, not in the real world
sad most of the people tweeting live in such a small world. Thanks to all the voters in the real world.
But...but you don't believe polls because they're always wrong. Remember?

#Turnonyourphone #NoDAPL
Well, there's another whopper!
and these are the same polls that lied!!! Imagine if the numbers were accurate!!! #fakenews!! #maga
Nobody polled the West Coast, that's for sure.
lol
yea u do 
Keep telling yourself that if it keeps you happy
OK, do you not realize you're citing an article in the media to bolster your claim that the media is dishonest?
can you please setup a new news agency. Sick of hearing #fakenews. We need a real news source with facts. #truthnews
wet dream ?
Said no literate person ever. Delete your account.  #DeleteYourAccount #Trumprussia #ImpeachTrump
You are joking.....aren't you?
I literally laughed out loud at this. Thanks for taking time out of your important job to tweet this and give me a chuckle.
So polls are accurate only if you like the results? What color is the sky on your world?
Fake news.
Seen by whom? Satan?
Amen to that!  They are a SERIOUS detriment to our freedoms in current status.  They are merely liberal racketeers.
Sure, by North Korea.
lol
that was a funny joke you made
LOVE THIS MAN.  SO FULL OF INTEGRITY.  HONEST.  HUMBLE..   KIND.  GENUINE AND REAL.   FAITHFUL.   GOD BLESSED~
Again you make false statements to incite  people to believe you Is it because you cannot take the truth when it's put ?
in your deluded dreams
HAHAHA! ONLY THE IGNORANT PEOPLE WHO VOTED FOR YOU!
Keep searching until you find the one poll that supports your administration, then by all means STOP!
ROFLMAO Your administration is a looney bin Run by the head Koo Koo Comrade Trump.
so only negative polls are fake? #FakeNewsAlert
really more truthful then the news. Has to be a hard accomplishment.
Please take a look at this mother that almost lost her child
People will check this and see it is along party lines. Makes you look as if you care more about GOP than others. Do you?
69 percent of Democrats think the news media is truthful, 91 percent of Republicans consider the Fourth Estate untruthful.
I thought all polls were fake???
by whom?
Did your nose just grow a couple more inches?  Oh wait, you can't tell...it's still up Putin's @#$.
you do realize this is a poll, right?
You left off the end of that sentence Donny; "...by the Trump administration." Self righteous, good for nothing schmuck!
lmao hold on I just peed a little , you'd like that hu ? Idiot you're an embarrassment to the people and the world !!
good headline that misrepresents the article. "...split down party lines..." Solid purposeful omission #thewholetruth
looks like FAKE NEWS to me. Do you even read the shit you tweet?
u may want 2 delete that tweet
'The administration is considered truthful by 49% of reg voters and untruthful by 48%'
LOL  u are hilarious. Did u ever find those sneaky light switches??
To be fair, a dog turd on the street is more truthful than Breitbart or Fox News.
In yer dreams, mister.
SO true-the news is so biased & ridiculous the only way I feel I can get actual news anymore is through your fb &Twitter TY
You have got to be kidding!!!!!!!
That's because 90% of republicans still have their heads up their asses & are still in denial that you are a con man.
The article DJT posted shows a headline that says M.Atwood (author) compares him to the dictator in "The Handmade's Tale".

Ooh.  More alternative facts.  Don't you realize we know the difference between your lies and real news?
hahaha you need better definition about being truthful "Ponchy Gutierrez 
Immortal Grandmaster Mentu"
By morons.
I guess you failed to read the rest of the poll stating you only had a 48% approval rating... 3 weeks in... SAD!
@CNN @oliverdarcy this has to hurt! Aww......
campaigning is over Mr. President stop the attack and get to work
That's funny 45 since 75% of your statement fact check as lies. #LiarInChief.
INCREDIBLE that you'd be bragging about a poll that shows ONLY half of AMERICANS think you're a LIAR! Pathetic. Sad!
Fake News. Fake President.
#fourfive dream on!!!
Because your propaganda technique is to delegitimize media. THEY are not dishonest. YOU ARE DISHONEST!
You talk=LYING!
No, I don't believe either. Trust no one.  Believe no one. Take no prisoners.
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahhahaha! That's funny!
yeah, said nobody ever
"The poll was conducted Feb. 5-6 with a sample of 617 registered voters" - very representative...

look!!!  More #alternativefacts
TRUMP & Company believe FAKE news, and condemn REAL news that they don't like.
Good.
I agree
Said Donald Trump only LOL
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Flynn's a proven liar. Conway's a proven liar. You're a proven liar. The useful idiots are on your side, but that's it.
HAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAHHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA #Thanksforthelaughs #DeleteYourPresidency
No all you and your administration are liars!
this is actual fake news, you cheeto.
haha you're full of it....no one supports you.
in your delusional world...
. Fake news
are you kidding me?  You and your admin are complete liars.  You embarrass this nation.
49% think you are truthful.48% don't. You're happy with that?
Fake! FAKE NEWS!!
false
wow right here on front of us "real fake news"  it's like "Genuine simulated truthful information. "
Is this another "alternative fact"? Because you can't be serious, hahaha
How could that be he is a pathological Lier .
Well, that's just the most ridiculous thing I've heard all day. You and your people do nothing but Lie!   SAD.
you think you are very clever by saying it?
everyone of y'all are liars. I don't believe u anymore than I believe media!
your lips are movin, you are lying.

it works like that with cults
President Trump, we are here and we are with you. Stay strong! #imwithhim 
45 you need a reality check! U get more humming birds with sweet nectar then with vinegar! Try it!
, u only subscribe to Nazi propagandist Joseph Goebbels: "Keep telling LIES enough & people will believe it." #ImpeachTrump
lol so we trust these polls? FAKE NEWS!
FAKE NEWS

HA HA HA HA HA!  seen as more truthful by fools & the willfully ignorant & @FoxNews. child please.
Up is down and down is up.  No one lies like Donald Trump.
#statslesson: 617 ppl is not a large sample size to represent American voters & 3.9% error suggests results inconclusive.
Bullfeathers!!!
wrong! You are delusional. #loveTrumpsHate
This is the biggest line of bullshit I've read all week!!!
America Stands With You Mr. President. Save us from the Liberal Dems intent on USA divisiveness, obstruction and globalism!
Ha! FAKE!
We agree
Ridiculous...what would you expect this guy to say?
You need to check the current polls. Lack of trust in the Trump administration is a HUGE problem.
That is fake news.  The media is trusted far more than the Trump administration.
Stop this is what is wrong with you Your mom truthful than the press You do know you have been on live TV You lie a lot
What a joke...by 1% after you have gone after the media & judiciary relentlessly. They are checks on the executive branch.
FAKE NEWS!!! Great example!
FAKE NEWS!!
is the President and a Comedian! DB.......
Alternative Fact ^^^^
can you tell us the last time you paid taxes? Personal and business. And prove it?
You don't see the inherent horror of a PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES constantly calling the free press "FAKE NEWS!"?
...Especially with its' complicity w/activist judges to intentionally misunderstand the US Constitution
LOL to whom?  My mom is legally blind and even she can SEE that this #bullshit.  #fakenews from a #fakepresident
Nope still don't trust you !
Are you still in Egypt? In the Nile?
When did you Mr. Golden hair tell the truth? I bet you don't remember.
The margin of error is higher than the “win” percentage. It could easily be the opposite. #FakeNews
do you people even know why you don't like President Trump or is it that the news and Obama told the Sheep get in the pen
By who?!?! Not even you can possibly believe that nonsense
#lies #alternativefacts
So once again, the only truthfull polls are the ones agreeing with you? #fakepresident #CrookedDonald #liar #untrustworthy
what a joke potus your whole life is one big lie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
