Thank you @POTUS and thank you for not being a fascist socialist progressive liberal and a snowflake! We have your back!
The press was right about Hitler and they're right about you. Your days are numbered, #FakePresident. #ImpeachTrump #SteeleDossier #RealNews
Kiss arse much .....
Do you REALLY think the "NEWS" reports the truth?  You can't think of a SINGLE example where the news lied? EVER?
They're just reporting this mans secrets he had and did not want exposed.  Do you think NOW he is doing his job?  Do U think he is playing?
Do U think his principles and personality are what we REALLY need to make what was ALREADY GREAT B4 ? Downright scary & disturbing is 4 U ?
Yes, to the first.. and didn't understand the 2nd question.
The True Media Is on Point. I'm Learning All Abt Ur Faults & Failures Daily. FoxNews HasNever PoisonedMy MindSo I Can Think Critically 4ever
If by strong you mean a grown man acting like a 7 year old-crying about all those that done him wrong, instead of anything good 4America.
Media is not out of control  but you are. You put on the treasonous coat everyday.
You show hate, bigotry, you showed misogyny in the death of Heather Heyer. You entertain domestic terrorist to deliberately divide America.
It’s only fake because you don’t like it. What about the fake orange thing in the White House pretending to be the president.
This account has only tweeted 50 times and has 8,000 followers...are you RTing fake accounts again while calling everything else fake..?
Hey, Sputnik, even McConnel, the guy who'll preside over your impeachment trial, says you're full of BS about "fake news". 
#TrumpRussia
Your the kind of guy who sings the wrong lyrics & blames others for not knowing the song. #holdmecloserTonyDanza
Wait......those lyrics are incorrect?? I've been wrong this WHOLE TIME???? Son of a.....
Please stop with the "fake news" bit @realDonaldTrump. It's getting really old. #FreedomOfThePress #2Sides2EveryStory
4 Real!
Yes they even advertise on your feed to follow them... twitter is so in bed with the left! Makes me ill!
They censor me & knock off my followers! IT IS DESPICABLE!
Happens to the best of us  i Hate humana too!
I didn't know there is a book. Thanks for that!
Dvd, based on the true story of a dr who tried to blow the whistle on humana & kaiser permente the HMO's back when all this 1st started.
I got my #Humana fraud package to the MS Senate through my Sheriff David Allison. The FBI covered it up. I want to warn people.
Watch the movie you might learn more ways to warn people!
I will! GOD BLESS YOU!
K
All I have to do is listen to u speak n read ur tweets to know ur not fit to be president. I don't need anyone in the media 2 tell me that.
Ha ha ha ha h ah ahha ha haha. Trump is the one out of control!!
You just retweeted a bot. You're like the old man who tries to have a conversation with Siri.
@realDonaldTrump -please become well rounded & use more than two sources for your news. Who knows, you might learn something new.
The only one "out of control" is YOU.

This isn't funny anymore.

Our Representatives need to implement Article 25.

Your NOT fit for office
God Bless President trump!!!!
Amen! Amen! The Bravest Man I Know!
The bravest man you know wouldn't join the military & then criticises those who actually did. You need to look up the definition of brave.
Shhh. That'll do pig. That'll do.
Watch out people Racist Donald Trump is poking the media with a stick! Only fake news is "breightfart" and the crap from you! Resign!
#NotMyPresident  Fake News is what CONald peddles all the time. The worst president EVER of the United States. Completely incompetent
The only "Fake News Media" here is "Donald J Trump".
I feel like I live in a cartoon
Just because people don't agree with the news doesn't mean it's FAKE!
trump takes himself down.
We know these idiots are not going to give him a break ,so let the agenda moving.
Dictionaries are great to clarify the true meaning of words ...
#trumpisMentallyill , and everybody is sayin it, not just the Media. 

Everyone is saying it:
#25thAmendment   is overdue. The   #ClownInChief is deteriorating.  #Impeach
The air stunk tonight in #Arizona the #Clown in chief FRAUDPOTUS Showed up.  #Impeach
You are out of control. Stop contradicting yourself constantly. My god man, you cannot get out of your own way #trumpresign
THANK YOU for
bringing it to all of those that oppose AMERICA with your
NYC throwdown attitude! We
love the fight in you!!!

Fake President
Real...?...@ http://kiliedutravel.com 
If We the People read “Upside Down”, the miracle that is your Presidency can be saved!
Trump says Afghanistan and Pakistan pose the worst terrorist threat to America. Interesting his travel ban applies to neither country.
Arlosio is a fake account. Only set up about a week ago. Suddenly after no real tweets he writes this & is RT by Trump. Even writes like DJT
No, Donnie, you're the one who's out of control!  Any media (which is most of them) that speaks the truth you call fake. We know better!
You truly are the complainer in chief. Crying again that the media is calling you out on all the things you've done. #25thAmendmentNow
Super callous fragile racist sexist nazi potus. YOU are out of control. Stop spending our money on your traveling circus! #NoTrumpRallies
Who is out of control?
Trump does not know right from wrong. Delusional
YELLOW JOURNALISM is your main source, pathetic!
Thank you!  Stand Strong.
We are with you Mr. @POTUS !
President thanks bot/fake account
It's early Life is good, how about you?
Glad to hear it. I'm a night person. I'm in Van for awhile longer
Too hot here?
Yeah even when I lived there full time I hated the Summer. For5 months a year Vancouver is perfect 75 /60
DIE PIG
This is a joke. There are none so blind as those who just don't see.  No fake news just #fakepotus45
i wanna meet u
The news is fake, but all the lies you tell in real time on national news are true? But wait, they reported those... confused...
Donald J is very dishonest and fake. Thank the news services for helping us endure.
The Fake News will be issuing much needed emergency information in Texas as Hurricane Harvey advances. Should the citizens ignore this info?
You're right. Fox News IS out of control.
I agree! Keep up the good work Mr. President! WE support you!! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!
You're going to be impeached for not upholding the First Amendment. Have you figured that out yet?
Thank you, the very dishonest Fake Resident of the Whitehouse  is out of control,  #BrainDead & Insecure
Fake news = anyone who reports the facts, you are despicable
Do you sit alone at night crying and eating fried chicken because of the big scary real news that you have to call fake to sleep at night?
Correction Mr President, you are out of control!

The news wasn't fake when they had you before you "won" the election. Soon as the Russia questions came up, it's fake news. YOU'RE the FAKE1
Out of control?  They are doing their jobs. You are unhinged. Cut your losses and resign. Disintegrating Donald.
Foh
Documents highlighted for easy reading. Enjoy! #TickTock #SteeleDossier #FakePresident #ImpeachTrump #TrumpPutin

I agree.  Fox News is a mess.
you are right, you are the fakest news
YOU sir are the one out of control. #fakepresident

Violent leftists rioting outside of Trump's #PhoenixRally are only proving Trump right. 

They are securing an election win for him in 2020.
https://twitter.com/Hublife/status/900046216871911425 …
James Clapper has undeniably 100% lied to the American People. Why does the #FakeNewsMedia forget to report on this fact.
SPEAKING OF FAKE LIKE U: 
Why do you have a plaque for a battle that never happened? https://www.golfdigest.com/story/details-details-donald-trump-has-plaque-at-his-golf-course-commemorating-civil-war-battle-that-never-happened … …
You and youre family seem to be out of control with our money.
Agreed and just keep on MAGA
I didn't think you were seeing our tweets, but this makes me feel so much better! Thank you Mr. President for listening to us!
What have you been up to? I called last night and they said you were mowing the lawn.

There is no fake news media. That's a fake term propagated by a fake Commander in Chief.
It's NOT REPEAT FAKE NEWS! You really need to stop listening to those voices in your head. Your becoming even more delusional #impeach45
Donald, you're talking to a bot. 

A robot, Donald. 

You're answering a robot. 

Jesus, you're the President of the USA talking to a robot.
@theClaudiaInez @margaritarr8 @kardamylaxios 
U degenerate & fakefoxnews r out of control, & we the ppl must take u down
#noRacisttrump
OR ... It is you who is out of control.  https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/06/23/opinion/trumps-lies.html?mcubz=0 … #alternativefacts
& dictators love to hold rallies so they can feed off of (fake or real) adoration.
A CBS AFFILIATE IN NYS SAYS " TUNE IN EVERY MORNING FOR THE REAL NEWS".  REAL NEWS??? I COULDN'T STOP LAUGHING!!!
So grateful for the Free Press keeping the most corrupt and dishonest POTUS ever in check! #ImpeachRacistLiarTrump
Lol six more votes needed to impeach him!!! He only has himself to blame.
every single day we have to deal with a LIAR in chief FAKE PRESIDENT
You are a sick damaged man
@TrumpPenceUSA1 You know CNN, BBC are fake News why your ministration using fake name Rohingya for rapists,killers Muslims.
What you call fake news is not fake at all. It is the real news, and always has been.       Fox News is the actual fake news.
TRUMP IS out of control fake president
Right. It was supposed to be Trumpski Tower in Moscow not Trump Tower
There is no #FakeNews. You hate that the news outlet speaks the honest truth about you. #Facts
Media is crucial to democracy, you attacking it just proves your lack of patriotism and lack of care for our constitutional principles
You're out of control. #impeachtrumpnow
Soon, DJ, you´ll pay your dues, ´cause Bloodhound Bob sure ain´t fake news.
You are literally the biggest liar of all time. #hypocrite #hypocrite #coward
Yeah, now that you no longer control Bannon @BreitbartNews is getting out of hand for you isn't it?
THEY OWE ALL OF US ESPECIALLY RUSSIA, A HUGE APOLOGY. MCMAST IS CFR. GET RID OF HIM
GOD IS WATCHING SIR. WATCHING ALL OF US. WE LOVE YOU. HANG IN THEREPUT GODS ARMOR ON DAILY. ALL OF IT. PRAY FOR U ALWAYS
Illegitimate
Please stop with all your negativity. I get tired of hearing it. So you watch Fox News well that's your preference. I watch CNN.
... says our liar-in-chief.
There is no "fake news", just news you don't like to hear, or news you don't want us to hear.  Truth hurts!

I'm just going to start putting #dividedwefall every time you tweet something divisive!
No, YOU are out of control. Resign.
Even get the respect of the people he's trying to take care of. In the real world, NO ONES GOING TO HOLD YOUR HANDS. For all these doubters
By design, media should literally be "out of control." Otherwise it's not media but simply PR.
He's clearly blind and deaf. Actual footage of you out of control, does not lie. So continue twitter ranting like a fake president would.
Fake POTUS! Thank God for our free press!
This is inportsnt to see. What most of your supporters have to go through because of terrorist groups like Antifa.

http://tiny.cc/b1xcny 
If you don't want to be reported about stop making ridiculous tweets!
Is being very dishonest different from being dishonest? POTUS needs 2 go back to English/Grammar classes!
No Sir you are out of control and must step down and seek psychiatric help!

Aroliso is a Russian bot
Fake News is when u promise  ppl you'll build the wall & Mexico 'll foot the bill then threaten to close down govt if Congress doesn't pay.

Fake President is out of control... he can criticize media and anyone who disagrees with him in a nano second, but hate groups takes days...
Most of the time they're pretty accurate. U just don't like to hear the (mostly negative) facts about you. Resign please manbaby
So if the news is fake..why are you watching it?? I mean really???
He keeps on lying - open your ears and your mind
Nothing fake abt a special counsel & 2 congressional investigations. #FusionGPS 10hrs of testimony and 40k documents. #quit while ur ahead.
LOOK at all the ...tasty!!
Fake news, you means the one reporting all the crazy BS you do. Lol
Thank God for them. They defend our Democracy
When did the news become fake?
That is the point, sir: For it to be out of YOUR, or any politician's, control.
Have read Brietbart lately. They are not very happy with our President. Fake news?
Donald,  you are retweeting your alt account. So, let's recap.  Phones, numbers/counting, retweeting self.  These all need some work, right!
My President is just saying what everyone wants to. GREAT JOB MR. President Trump. we are proud of you! keep high energy at 70 your the MAN
I know. How dare they keep playing videos of you actually talking. It's just not fair!
Dear Donald
Enough to endure the abuse of the media
If they lie, let them pay
a lie is a crime
Donald is gonna 'shake it off'
Well, it's easy to see who is out of control. You just have to look in the mirror, Tump.
Sir Thank you for fighting for us like the founding fathers did. It may be a different kind of battle, but battle it is & you're our warrior
Please resign
Lol they should take you down
YOU are out of control. #ew #impeach #resist #lies
Sick, unhinged, unfit to lead.
Brainwashed puppets! He'll always have someone to blame.
The only thing out of control is your lie hole.
YOU. ARE OUT OF CONTROL!!!!!
Well of course Donald, that's Fox & Friends for you. Thank goodness we have the REAL news media for our news-CNN, MSNBC, NYTimes, etc.
https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/900207082808500224 …

BREAKING @POTUS Takes out protester with one Wack https://twitter.com/MemeAlertNews/status/900425796912861184/video/1 …
Well, with a fake president what would one expect #donnieisadraftdodgingcoward
Question for @realDonaldTrump , do you consider #Brietbart  #FakeNews
https://twitter.com/IWillRedPillYou/status/900116273954205702 …
Waiting 4 #FakeNews to cover #CannibalSwampRats 
VIDEO: Feral Antifa punches another Antifa on accident because he thought he looked like a Nazi via @FusionNews 



Monumental destruction of civilization. 
https://twitter.com/lionelverney/status/898761323571363840 …

Trump: "All Americans must come together in a spirit of unity and peace."

CNN: Trump Goes off the Rails in Angry, Divisive Speech
حبيبي

Don't you find it ironic, to say the least, that an unrepentant Nazi collaborator is one of the main funders of #Antifa ? https://twitter.com/1stephengraves/status/900126454326988802 …
Wait I think you have that all wrong first your the fake President, second your the one dishonest lier and con. What your plan? None right!!
Spend more time working and less tweeting "mr. President"

LOL : WAPO Declares The Left is NON-VIOLENT & Quickly Gets SCHOOLED – http://ow.ly/Wq1k30eBacx 

Huge diverse crowd at Trump Phoenix destroys Fake News narrative https://www.pscp.tv/w/bGtWBzF4ZUtXeEdWcnJhalB8MVlxSkRSQXBuYXZLVhuGTU1wepSeEQQ1DHBiIRSzZtEcIv6eZkOzyUonSid1 …
If you point a finger at someone @realdondaldtrump, three fingers are pointing at yourself. Try it! You're the one who's way out of control.
The only thing you have mastered the art of is #manipulativetactics! #BlameGame
By habitually blaming others for your own indiscretions, you resist modifying your own problematic attitudes and behaviour patterns.
IMPEACH! Incompetent!!! Ripping America apart with lies and racism!Video of you proves your lies!Resign! You are a horrible human being!!!
Get over yourself. Only fake news is coming from White House. #presidenttool
Says the very dishonest and child-like person holding the highest position in our nation. You are out of control yourself, and such a joke!
God you are pathetic. Don't know if you read these tweets – but it feels good to tweet them.
If it weren't for the "fake media" your deplorables would never see or hear u.I wish media would stop covering you. Then you'd really whine.
Stop addressing them. There is no honest news. It's all entertainment. Even I know it's just to make ratings=money.
Where do you get your news from @infowars , the entertainment show? You saw the chemtrails during the eclipse!
That's funny.
