PEOTUS please say something about Obama's release of the most evil terrorists from Gitmo! It's disgraceful.
.@realDonaldTrump This article says Bush Sr won't attend, the Clintons may not attend, and Obama has to attend. But, you know, well done.
if i was trump i wouldn't want either bush clinton or obama there the 4 worst presidents
The entire Bush family refused to endorse you and did not vote for you. They're probably just coming for the swag.
the Bush's where horrible presidents
As long as he has that women speaking or not speaking for him ppl will continue to he suspicious.
W is responsible for the demise of the West & our . If there is one, may he rot in Hell but The Hague will do.
I agree. If there's a founder of Isis that's american its George W Bush. He did have 911 as his chsos. DJT is tweeting while Ryan is ruling.
Unfortunately the ghost of Ayn Rand speaks to Ryan frequently.
She should remind him that she needed Medicaire & SS in her later years. Like he needed SS himself.
John Galt whispers in his ear: Oppose anything & everything using the words 'Social' or 'Community'.
He didn’t endorse you and didn’t vote for you, so it was the least he could do.
thats ok, its call respect, look it up
George W. Bush says Trump "makes me look pretty good" by comparison: report #TuesdayThoughts #TheResistance #FBR http://hill.cm/iGB3JZx 
Troll.
Trump will become one of the great Presidents!
in your dreams lil pickle

Israeli Soldiers abuse & assault a disabled Palestinian and then shoot people who come to help him
Excelllent.
Palestinians are cockroaches
release your tax returns 
Thiughts on NYT piece about Kushner?
the Lord is his strength he will the best president of America

you will make America great again! Can't wait till you take office, can't come soon enough
ive been a #trumpsupporter from day 1 i knew he could will and can lead this country in the right direction
Dan is pressing his sheets so he looks good for his master dtrumpf!
OMG, a #trumptweet that doesn't involve denial of his complicity in #russianhacking !! Nice play, #assclown
tax returns?!?!?!
I'm afraid the #taxreturn ship has sailed. I guarantee #NeverTrump dodged a bullet there!!
amazing what alt right will accept from Donnie. Theyd b out w/pitchforks if that were O.
Mr. Trump you should tell the Truth about illegal U.S. / Israeli wars, settlements & that Israel did 9/11.
Snake in the grass, Mr. President. Look at all these sad nostalgic leftist wussies slinging hatred in this post lol
he didn't support you in the race and probably voted for Hillary like most of America.

not all of Israel is for Trumplethinskin. My family is not!
the majority of Israel support trump! 
Where is the data for this assertion?
he got it from the same place Donald gets his resources....his azz
ok miss independent, calm down lol
if I don't are you going to try and grab my pussy?
no you get used to the millions more that didn't vote for him.
Trump thrives off a Cult of Stupidity. http://politicaledu.org/index.php/2016/05/20/donald-trump-is-stupid/ …
 @realDonaldTrump
Hillary is better
...as a perk&a means of flexing his power over lesser men. Trump relishes judging women on the basis of their..
but you're sad! Weak! And owe his family an apology
Because President Obama asked them to come probably. The Bush family doesn't respect U
.@KellyannePolls, please teach @realDonaldTrump how to quote a tweet.
Doesn't mean they like you, or support you. Your presidency is shame. #Russia #PopularVote
Did you just link The Hill? Isn't that the "dishonest" media? Oh, only when you don't like what they say.
what would be really nice is to show YOUR followers your tax returns. please god, make him go away
@TeamTrump @KellyannePolls Are you going to ask him about the MILLIONS OF MISSING EMAILS FROM HIS ADMINISTRATION ???
He is only going because there is a rumor Scott Baio might be there.
the worst president ever will be known as Obama.
Only by people who don't compare him to other presidents. Bush was great, right? RIGHT?
president bush was not a good president but at least I respected him.
How? Why? What did he do to earn your respect and what did Obama do to lose it?
to attempt to fundamentally change America by bypassing Congress. He is a tyrant.
So you respect anyone that 'stands up' to the media, even if they caused a recession and war?
yes I do respect bush. I didn't say I thought he was right about everything. Just respect.
You are the most dangerous man to ever assume office.
and us Americans are ready to rally behind and protect him.
You mean the historically low minority of the population who voted for him?
yea less the Mexicans dead and bussed votes.
Those stories gave been debunked over and over yet you still choose wilfull ignorance.
Former President Bush and First Lady Laura are first class people whom I have a tremendous respect for.
Which Bush?

they still didn't vote for you
LMFAO think about what kind of people these liberals are when they desperately wanted to vote for this evil bitch! #MAGA
you're great
#IMPEACHHIMNOW
THEY have class; you don't no matter how much money u have.
No, they are Nazi's and part of the NWO! Kick them OUT!
Yup. #MAGA
They loathe you and are just being gracious, something you have never done, Donny.
How much money do you owe the Russians?  Can you release your tax returns so the american people can see?
he said if he won he would "gladly show his tax returns"
dumb they were stolen and published prior to elections read learn
So you can provide the link?  I'm interested in seeing them.
so does it hurt to be mentally challenged Laura?
Fu..phyco
You are a national embarrassment.
WTF ru talking about. Trump is the biggest pay 4 play bitch in the world. We're on to him.

Right here, where I am today. A Patriotic American fighting for my country.
Luv when alt-right have nothing intelligent to say & resort 2 'libtard'. I'm a Republican.
coming from the worlds biggest hypocrite and scam artist. How pathetic.
Congratulations Mr president, I know you can help free us from Paul Biya who have been in power for 34yrs
Filled the Swamp with greedfeeders like himself, Now he's gonna make 'em pay for the 'wall'?
Trumpers aren't THAT NICE
is only fooling the Trumpwashed now. He needs a restraining order from his Twitter let alone the White House #MAGA #fraud
- Loving seeing how you REALLY feel about Donny Boy KellyAnne, https://www.facebook.com/Mediamatters/videos/10153845491986167/ …
Of course Bush is going. Now he will not be known as the worst president of our lifetime!
Obama is the single worst president in the history of the USA
SWEET OF YOU

Nicest comment I've seen by non-Trump supporter. Very funny!
Geroge Bush was the worst president but I think Trump will surpass him  BUSH DID 9/11
lol not even close!!
You do realize it's because the Bush's have class and love of country. They don't reapect tRump. 
#Unfit
Jeb didn't have the energy to make it.
just watch your back with these people sir. Don't trust em. Trust em bout as far as you can throw them
STOP
Release your taxes, #traitor
because Bush is classy (even know I disagree with him).... DJT, take notes on class
Liked President Bush. Took a beating from Obama. Obama leaving the country in worse inherent condition!
*****#1PRESIDENT*****
glad they can stand strong in support of our country.
everyone attacked me when I said I like him. Now the tables turn &people are seeing #truth
Laura Bush is a gentlewoman.
Yes decent of him.  But- This lib party is  incapable  of being  even professional.Some rep. are liberal
. He is attending to support the greater American good of a peaceful transfer of power.  Not to support you.
Is he still President?
wouldn't it be awesome if they pulled a Carrie on us?!
a stupid comment that Kelly said cost the lives of four Israeli soldiers.
you're a nicer person than I could ever be.
@jeffreyhayden @BobbyJChampion
BLACK POLITICIANS NEED TO IMPLEMENT "REPARATIONS" NOW, THE BUCK DANCIN' COON SHIT IS OVER7 – at Paisley Park Studios
Wish I could be there but I paid some guy to come over and repeatedly kick me in the balls that day.
. Might have Jeb in 8 yrs stay cool my babies
Look at the welcome Hillary got this evening:
#CCOT our guy to extend d Olive Branch
2 u up got it bad thought Trump would
Hate me he understood I know
Probably pressured into itby Obama. FEELING SORRY FOR @realDonaldTrump
I'm so happy they decided to come Class act

+ @KellyannePolls = Gold Medal Presidency

#MAGA
#TrumpTrain
So Mrs. Bush coming along too?
@wikileaks are reporting @HillaryClinton and @billclinton are turning up also
Sir, Noone really cares if they come. They helped this whole mess happen a long time ago. Accomplices!
Did you offer him a free stay at the Trumpeteer hotel next door?
Bush made 911 n subprime moagage, economy ruined by it. Your choice but results must get by us.
Please, nobody dislikes you more than the Bush's.
This is what Kellyanne thinks of you!
the bush fmy are all in bed with NWO boys and obam, soros. No friend of Trump
Treated graciously unlike how GW & others treated DJT in election.
Is this the same President Bush you called a liar...you 9/11 truther!
They HATE you.
MSM should be investigated for lying, cropping photos, & hiding terrorist links.
Nice to see the fascist lapdogs are already ready for jan 20th. #freedomofpress
Fascism is distorting truth to control narrative. #investigatethepress
coincidentally no one forces you to watch MSM
Tell that to @HillaryClinton.
what does that even mean?

Mr. Ed wants Kellyanne to come back to the barn.
I never thought I'd have a a moment of fear to live under authoriatarianism/fascism.  I was so wrong.
i am glad they are coming...I was a big supporter, and was disappointed when I thought they may not!

Three sane Tweets in a row? What have you done with #DonaldTrump ?
AWESOME dude... So let's see ..that's two smoking hot very current celebrities...right???  #CONTROLLEDBURN

They still didn't vote for you
Need better vocabulary. Bigly. #notmypresident
@aravosis @VanityFair @American_Putz @WomenG4Hillary @EDLesh @kelliohara @samkalidi @nytimes @PBS @CNN
@misterdish69 @KellyannePolls Anyone notice that the word "racist" hasn't been used for 20+ years. Then BLM & Obama showsup
... The Hill article.. who cares if dysfunctional, dishonest, Bill Clinton doesn't respond or attend Inaug.
That's good I was disappointed in him for not going to the convention
Only going because he has 2 go. None of the repub who opposed u changed their minds. Just playing politics.
To be clear, the Dumb Bush is here, no the low energy Bush
everyone will hold their nose and watch the con artist in chief defile our noble democracy
Hahaha! The Bushes hate you! Lmao. You are not smart enough to know. Lmao!

- - One more reason to boycott that fraudulent inauguration. Both of you are losers.
Did you have to pay him to go?
youfool
he attends out of respect for the Office of President not in support of you. #thanksdonald
"pleased to be able to witness the peaceful transfer of power" - one last time.
Good news, good tweet. Give compliments also. Saying "Very nice!" Makes you look like a weenie. Not again!
.@realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls Sweeties, he didnt vote for u, remember? He just stressed it is for appearance of peace.
He thought you were inviting him to chop wood!

He's only going to see the guy who took away his title of "Worst POTUS of All Time."
They should support you before.
I can guarantee the ONLY reason that ANY former Presidents are attending is for the country.  NOT for you!
Will your presidency be as disastrous as the worst president ever, GW Bush? All historians agree.

just couldn't resist one day.
You are nice prez Trump! The BUSH family was not very nice to you!
P L E A S E get off twitter and do your job as POTUS.
JUST remember THEY DID NOT VOTE FOR YOU JUST LIKE MOST OF AMERICA. ONLY BEING NICE.

President Trump, I wish I could like these two as much as you do.  They showed no commitment to YOU.
good job!

https://youtu.be/exV6Rx3jvds 

Honest Don,
Everyone loves you especially Putin. Of course Bush,s will suppirt you.
cavier

certain problem: on one side foreign  politicians "must" keep out of national votings. Reality: no Trump!
this isn't trump
you think u would learn from ppl who take the high road. Beyond ur comprehension. Not raised 2 b respectful
Excellent!
Gop plan repeal and delay of ACA !! What happened to REPLACE ? More lies trump??
It is Nice America First
you're a gracious soul, great families and great Americans, but did they vote for the traitors?
President and Mrs. Bush are very gracious and patriotic citizens. They respect the office of the presidency.
