I think China will join us
Hellll nooooo
Disgusting that A T and T is retweeting Trump

Let’s them who’s the boss!!!!
How is this country your place of residence?
nuclear retaliation should be a given under the circumstances and no boots on the ground, after the nations buildings and more have been flattened, conventional bombing and bunker busters follow, till those under ground are gone
@realDonaldTrump Good Bye to North Korea. Finally U.S will End the North Korea's Funny and Childish Games
Support from #India
North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem wit...
put
People don't want to die! We want peace!!! What about us!!! Stop it! I can't sleep for this crap! Stop! #peacenotwar #stopwar #politics
Demonstrating murder is unlawful and so it should but for people in power its accepted!? Always someone who wants war! #war #peaceplease
HaHa-just leave us out of it-Australians don't want your WARS.
Oh boy
Donald YOU will be solving the problem if we go to war! For Everyone
God sake!! Shut up short hand man. Your hands are so tiny.
#ViennaSausage
NKorea is isolated impoverished highly militarized their goal survival
nuclearmissiles their ultimate insurance policy #TrumpCanDoIt #peace
That line of artillery on the DMZ aimed at Seoul, hundreds of thousands of innocent SK's will be shelled. It has to be massively targeted.
Get it done
It's called .....
BM
To those who would tear the world down, I hope China join hands with America to defeat them !!----from Jilin province China
84 days and Kim is alive SAD for you
Donald  Mark  make a  lot  of  sense
Getting it Done Don thanks bro
North Korea wins big!
I have YouTube channel
You cannot solve anything you just talk and can't do the walk your a liar
Your a liar
How many more tests must they conduct without a word from China before u address?
中国已经尽力
Just play Firework by Katy Perry for Kim maybe that'll help
Ya. Ya.  Kim Fat Ung is owning you. 9 missles so far this year...and your response?   BS.
Against عميل قديم للمخابرات السعوديه نشيط جدا الرئيس الأمريكي ترامب زباله تاريخ بلادهم وشعبه يرميه بالرصاص
You can only talk. Show some guts. Why you need China's help. You are making China super power.
#ushouldbeashameofthemessuarecreating #itsnotallanoutyou#STOP
Go Donald fook em 
Savage 
help china with climate control :-P
A President talking about possible War on Twitter.  Oh my God please help us.
Trump is a megalomaniac with  narcissistic undertones. A despicable human being..liar liar...is his orange hair on fire???
you were quoted by @voxdotcom
Like your plan to destroy ISIS in 30 days? 
#LiarInChief #Resist
full support for that .Hitler should have been stopped sooner not later
They need to confiscate your phone.
If its true or not, and im like soo scared and most ppl are gonna die for you i swear if you dont get assassinated by anyone i'll do it-
-will join and join and we all find our selves in WW3 like our australia minister is just as dumb like we getting threaten not knowing -
Tbh, Trump your the course of all this shit like you should of just let it go, but wanting to get china involved and more countries
America have faith in our PRESIDENT and his elected team. pray for JESUS to guide his way. Our country, where we are free and blessed.
On the behalf of the rest of the world. Please dont start ww3, just resign and let someone with an IQ over 100 take your seat
Mb
放心，中国会解决的，靠打仗没必要
The little weasel from N. Korea gets in the way take out his little Carousel secretly and blamed it on someone else
Take Care Mr. President- you would think people in our free society would jump on board with you, I don't understand it at all. GOD BLESS
This is the tweet of a 4 year old
DONNY YOU CRACK ME UP  U.S.A
Nigga what
It's going to be so embarrassing when, generations from now, kids will learn in history class that WWIII started with this fucking tweet 
SK didn't ask for our help Mr President they know he is a tee pot. ROK soldier are very cabaple with us to keep him in check ...
NICE WORLD
I remember the day u said that and we see it seems china might help when they sent 150k troops to DMZ (NOKO)
You want to start WWlll!! You can't wait. North Korea is run by a lunatic. You are pretty much as crazy as he is. Trouble for all!!!
666666666
おちんちん
もし開戦して仮に一発でも北鮮のミサイルが撃ち込まれたならアメリカが阻止しようが中国が発狂しようが日本は絶対に核武装しなければならない
アメリカが日本を守りきれなかったという確たる証拠であり、ならず者国家や超反日国家から我々の子孫や先祖を守り抜くには他の国の助けをあてには出来無い
Take the weasels Silos out his 4th of July is hostory
I HVE LOST PLENTY OF DOE AT TRUMP PLAZA IN AC.  BUT RECENTLY I LIKE U MO N MO EVERYDAY. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK.
I hope voters remember in 2018 where Dem priorities are n they only support illegals Americans 2nd
current actions from North Korea are promoted and organized by opposition here in USA. They started with Russia is all fake
China
Yes we will
Paul Ryan messed that up not the president.
OMG you are ssssoooooo disappointing. Leave them the hell alone!!!!!! Stop the BS!!! Damn!!!
Let's go to war we support you. You are a great President
Sure we want to stop N Korea but let Assage and Snowden freedom under our Free http://Press.YOU  JUST GAVE A SPEECH PRAISING WIKILEAKS
Compensating enough? @realDonaldTrump #tinyhandstrump #USPolitics #uspoli
你可真牛逼
That's right mr. President please do not back down from these goofball wackos
Which United States president tht haven't bomb a country do the research mayb u'll may realize is u'll r warmongers

Please discipline your tweets and words to protect millions from war
Slow down........we dont't want any new war
Long ago battleships would decide a batlle, nowadays some carriers can decide a war, against notorious warmongers. With plan and timing.
A country without god is a country without a future
Never forget to pray over a decision before making it. InGodWeTrust!
How is this possibly making America great again???  Stop the tweets, and for God's sake, stop with the social threats!!! God help us
You have no idea what the hell you're doing.
Ty sir for ur courage. It's all a bit frightening but ur doing what needs to be done. U make me proud, sir.
Neutralize the DPRK if China doesn't want to resolve this.
Blow em up
Vai tomar no cu
Can you post a picture of yourself pointing to North Korea's location?
Good job president Trump
@brewdog where is my make beer great again hat?
Picture that, you solving a problem!
BY PRETENDING TO SEND AN "ARMADA"...LOL...GREAT FAKE PLAN..BUT CONGRATS ON ALL THE $$ YOU WILL MAKE ON THE REAL DEAL..UR TRADEMARKS IN CHINA
you really don't understand international relations do you.Somebody take this idiots phone away from him before he kills us
Than wartime..hurray..lets see how many more stupid american military going to die..
I thought you are brilliant, some people thought you are clever but you've proved you're none of these..
without China,no one can solve this problem
How about first solving the problems you created?
Some of you people are amazing and only think in one direction. Maybe you think you could do a better job.
...we (sadly) know from what country you're the president. You don't have to write that under every tweet
You wanted to kill Kim? Yes, he's dead ... laughing!
Solve the problem? How? You will risk war with China and the destruction of Seoul so you can feel like a big man? Grow up. #NorthKorea
K. Do NOT send messages into the universe signed "U.S.A". You do NOT represent us.
Solve it with your imaginary armada?
The solution to the North Korean problem? #Reunification of the two Koreas born out of war would be great for America and #대한민국 .
What U are saying U will keep then guessing!! will U do-->https://youtu.be/6YoTrMsnGYo or will U do-->https://youtu.be/UwjCgo751nI #guessnext?
@Tridzo @ObeyALY_
Yea North Korea is running scared frim that lost "Armada " . Looking forward to your next big screw-up
Please try not to kill us all
olokoo
Tell us about Russia
UM
Welp see y'all later it looks like I'm going to war
OMG RYAN
You are paid by the jews and going for money in an atomic war.Hopefully  syria + Iran get their atomic bombs.
Lying sod. You said USA first: not your Petrol and Arms producing friends first. & Happy with the 4 "beautiful" children you killed in Syria
2 years ago Obama gave permission2 the North Koreans2 put a so called "Satellite" in space. Now is that a weapon that can be used or what?
This is no joke! Get over yourself and be a diplomat!
I don't know,  but I not want war, I want peace and freedom always
I hope the US have learnt their lesson with the Russian Khibini which paralysed the Donald Cook in the Black Sea. Don`t use electronics!
You can't wipe your own butt let alone lead the United States Hillary would & could put you to shame with her eyes closed and you know it!
This #NastyWoman is SICK of your LIES putting OUR Country & OUR Troops in DANGER, stop it!
tRUMP LIES AGAIN, Pass the Popcorn!  @POTUS
I am totally sick and tired of your LIES, your FAKE PRESIDENCY and the Swamp Dwellers in OUR WH now you have put us in extreme danger!
You're the one looking for trouble. By plunging the world into nuclear war!
Sir what u done last week in Afghanistan ...thts wrong...
https://twitter.com/Mags661/status/854342767333462020 …
We are on to you. Get ready to get impeached
By getting all of us killed. Grow up bum
You don't know his name--and you didn't know the direction of that great armada. Sheesh
Please be careful. I live in CA and I don't want a nuke headed our way.
may catch more flies from leaving the honey in the pot out w/o the cover on, you may overt a no one wining nuclear war, & save the world.
F u
#ReleaseYourTaxes
Hey! Send an ARMADA down there and straighten them out - or just say you are! You're starting to remind me of Manti Te'o!! FAKE NEWS!!
When you're a Jet, you're a Jet all the way! From your first cigarette, to your last dying day!
Draft dodger phoney
That's what's up, great job!!
"World's Police" appears again
Stop pissing off other countries
STOP TWEEETING, AND TRY BEING PRESIDENTIAL! SILENCE  YOU FOOL!
