Sir... WE are behind you ... WE will defend you... WE like you WANT AMERICA TO BE GREAT AGAIN!
Really just because someone likes something hardly means he will accomplish it. One does need a plan other day gan hiw great am I
What ????
Your friends @moonriver365 @news_NA SAMSUNG HYUNDAI-KIA do political pressure to me. i can't aid you. Ask to your SKorea friends.
Join us to #March4Trump in @WashingtonDC at @LincolnMemorial 11am March 4th!
Please consider chipping in
"White supremacist extremism poses persistent threat of lethal violence. 2008-2016 far-right plots & attacks outnumbered Islamist incidents"
It is so unfortunate the proud men of the military have to tolerate you!
You are the ONLY military person I have heard that from. :(
Look at this great video Donald made @PGUK78 Shows so much diversity
Oh wow @realDonaldTrump I'm guessing you made this by the splice app? Great to see so many woman and diff races in this trendy vid.
So trendy. Wish I could make these. Guess I'd need to pay a super expensive tech company though #modern
Just returned to Bedminster, NJ from Camp David. GREAT meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military!… https...
John McCain put you in your place.  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.  You suck.
We see you
Imagine being this retarded
Stop pretending you're working. Own up to the fact that you just want to golf.
How much of it did you actually comprehend???  0???
You are to unstable to know what is going on
It's " TOO UNSTABLE",  Shelly !
Here you come!
Boo Boo is too kind.  More like an annoying oozing scab that never heals. 
THIS IS WHERE TRUMP IS PRESIDENT. SORRY LEFTISTS
Yes, looks like we are all in for hell. With @potus being Russian stooge, Red Scare has come back to haunt us! Can't stop progressives!#VOTE
Your ASS speak for yourself !!
Great. We are  with you.
Why the fuck are you in New Jersey? Shouldn't you be in D.C.? In the Oval Office maybe like, working??
Hilarious! The diversity is overwhelming. Speaking of the Military, how are your bone spurs? And did Bannon join in by Skype? #Resign, loser
All alone nice family you got there bud.

How much did all those flights cost?
I am so happy you are our president.
#Karma is a...
What a great president!
I wish our borders were strong enough to keep you out.
Damn why couldn't u just fall down the stairs
Except- do not let in the Nazis. Or White Supremacists. They r not good. They r very bad. Build your wall against hatred & racism & evil.
Was everything in tweet sized? By the way how many games of golf did you play? We need to keep count #Bernie2020
I think we and Mexico should make the most amazing historical, scientific,wall ever. With ligtlhts, music, culture, earth friendly.
You suck

We stand with you
Go!!! Repeal Obama care!!
Mr President - u have the best NS team in US history. Keep that 4  Marine as your Chief of Staff., And that US Army 3  in the West wing.
That's awesome and warms my heart to witness the restoration of protocol in the White House. Thanking God everyday. Make America Great Again
You didn't know what the hell they were talking about IF this is even true
How about the Wall  ?
Your failed campaign rhetoric is a joke.
If I have time I'll check in w/ u before u leave. Pls remember. Hate has no home here in Bedminster. We  our town. Republican & Democrat.
Wow, hummmmmm?????
MY VOTE & RIGHTS DELEGITIMIZED  http://TRUMPMM.COM   LEGAL LEGALIZE IT ONCE &FOR ALL US & STOP MED #MARIJUANA FRAUD & DISCRIMINATION
Really you the worst president in the world
You say "just returned" and the photo says "departing". You do not know if you are coming or going! You need a medical evaluation!
Time to dump Trump
Oh! We're so excited! NOT!
@jamesmorandojr please try to get around the golf in between work you deserve it relax
Thank you sir for making our military strong again
In 6 months, two Navy collisions, what 20 dedicated sailors lives lost? No word from @realDonaldTrump. Change your channel, get #Facts
Actually there's been 4 naval collisions in 11 months 6 marine helicopter crashes and 2 or 3 army planes  no budget  Obama  8 years
THE LIBERAL'S ARE DIRECTLY AT FAULT FOR DESTROYING OUR COUNTRY CREATING DIVISION & DESTROYING OUR ART & HISTORY DISHONORABLE LEARN FROM IT
They are waiting for you at Bellevue!
Is there a golf course at Camp David..???
Just asking

#ImpeachTrump #impeach #ImpeachTrumpNow #DoSomethingGOP #Breitbart #TrumpCrimeFamily
no I think Osama Obama took it with him
GET ALL SHARIA/ ISLAM/ BOKO HARAM/ ISIS/ ETC. OUT NOW!>. WHAT THE HELL IS GOIN ON WITH U??... STOP THEM NOW!.. NOT 2 BE IN OUR GOVT!.. OUT!.
Trust in God
Who was the meeting with?  The Russians?
I will always support you! D.J. Trump!
We do not allow hatred here in Bedminster. Hate has no home here.  So please, when u leave tomorrow, take ur hate w/ u. Don't bring it back.
What do you know of a great America'
#WeThePeople  #WeAreWatching #TeamDiehl http://www.judicialwatch.org/press-room/press-releases/judicial-watch-announces-list-of-washingtons-ten-most-wanted-corrupt-politicians-for-2012/ … @SenatorDurbin DNC,want to hear from you http://www.dailywire.com/news/19090/calls-intensify-capitol-hill-special-counsel-joseph-curl … DURBIN!
Please higher the voting age to 25 unless you're in the military!

Where's a plane crash when you need one.
Nice to back on the course I'll bet!
Old white men making America great again???
Shut up!
Nuke that nk troll, jung un
Gotta spend our money to protect your golf course. You’re the swamp and we pay for it. Camp David has been the getaways for #potis #leach

Antifa Added to Terrorist List & Missouri Senator Will Be Removed in September  https://www.pscp.tv/w/bGiLxDFYSmprZFJKbmRNRUx8MXlwS2RsQXFScGRLV-v4HHIkTWzi2EfDjy3KE0H58Z4dq6IOzIAW6ClrlSaR …
Golfing again??? Can you even do that well?? And America pays for this.....
Can you find another state besides NJ to go to? We voted against you for a reason. Not big fans.

Here comes the golf here comes the golf here comes Mueller here comes Mueller buh bye goes Trump big bye goes Trump!!
Build the wall. Also stop the health care subsidies congress receives, they're not government employees they're elected officials
you are Making America GAG AGAIN!
Time to play golf you twit!!!
How are you behaving like you not on the way out the door ?!?
It would be great if and only if you cancelled plans for the dumb wall.
The wall will cost tax payers millions only to be torn down when we get a Sane president
Your dumb moves are just going to result in more resignations.
Stay Woke Folks: RUSSIA/HEALTHCARE HEALTHCARE/RUSSIA HEALTHCARE/RUSSIA RUSSIA/HEALTHCARE RUSSIA/HEALTHCARE HEALTHCARE/RUSSIA Stay Woke Folks
From 1 vacation to another on tax payer money 
All 40+ trumps
I'm so content and relieved that our POTUS wants to protect the American citizens from terrorism and other dangers by securing R borders
Thank-you Sir!
We are all created equal, ( except for canada lal) we all travel down da same road, we notice differences, some see a rabbit n chase it...
Some see trees and build a barn, some see stones then build a castle, dis solar equlips works on physics; removes weapons from our view.
You should invite me to attend your meetings.
Why didn't u have a heart attack
Thank you for all you do Mr. President! Stand strong!  Continuing to pray for you!
And the elevator music just makes them hysterical!! #Trumpsisanazi
#25thAmendmentNow NAZI!
It's amazing how much time you have for golf when you claimed you'd never have time for golf before you were elected. Just another lie.
Results of Afghanistan war $ trillions added to national debt and refugees as Afghans fled to USA and EU As we do their fighting for them
(Continue)and their news that I get it and replace secretly watches my past data a lot. (next)
Let this good man do his job.  He's the only one really working for ALL of the people lefts and rights.
please stop allowing migrants to cross america into canada ,, stop the globalist agenda for all North America
Mr President,  I have a fantastic idea on how to go with healthcare and it would eliminate a lot of wasteful spending and deal with problems
Love wins over hate
Always funny to see Trump saluting the military. That is as close to serving as the coward has ever been. YELLOW BELLY
Why don't you tell the US taxpayer it's costing them 70 billion per year JUST to run our 800+ foreign military bases?
We need them. Democrats have been not allocating enough funds for our military for years.
U.S. (pre-trump) outspends all the largest militaries in the world COMBINED andwith 800+ military bases globally, How's that underfunded?
#you are the strongest and courage to exterminate terrorism... Strength and power.. Help
Looks like you were in for a learning session. You should think about going to Camp David more often.
Just arrived in Union Hall after a day touring beautiful west Cork #lovecork
Posting videos ACTING presidential won't make you REAL @potus. YOU lack DIGNITY&MORAL VALUES and your WORDS and TWEETS prove you a LOSER.
Would have been cheaper to catch the train ...
Good. Resign! Go out on a high note.
Go get um trump
Again, please leave New Jersey.  We do not want you here.  Take Krispy Kreme Christy with you as well
I am having difficulty believing you understood anything.
No one believes u.
You know who is not golfing this weekend? Robert Mueller. #NotMyPresident #ImpeachTrump
Now kill all the Islamic Jihadis, scout them, WATCH them 24/7, deny them visas to the US. We want our country free of these Sharia PIGS.
So did u decide 2 fire our soldiers and hire #Blackwater #mercernaries 2 fight the #Afghanistan #WAR
Great news about your meeting. Don't ever cave into the alt left crap.  keep making America Great. congress & Senate need a swift kick.
Worry less about your expensive spite fence and more about the white supremacist domestic terrorists. They worship you. Not good people.
He loves them! They feed his ego that shrinks back down whenever he sees himself in a mirror with no pants.

We have a problem .."The Congress and states shall the power to prohibit the physical desecration of the flag of the United States" order ..
Our flag is being trampled daily ...it needs TO STOP NOW..


My gosh - what a diverse bunch!!

Somebody need a hug? Do you need approval for EVERYTHING you do? Pathetic.
@jamesmorandojr enjoy the weekend with the president you deserve it try to get in around of golf between work
and then what happened.
#MaraLago
#TrumpRussia
#TrumpTrain
#MAGA
#TrumpPresidency
#TrumpLies
#ImpeachTrump 
#ParasiteTrump
#TrumpTrash
#USNews
#GoThere
#Newsroom
@twitwitradio #opunacceptabletrauma

Mamaleh's done all she can. #DumpTrumpMonday! #DeleteTrumpTwitter! #NoMoreHate! Stop giving him attention and watch him whine. #RETWEEET! 
Thank You, Mr. Trump ! Make you the World of a World free of Religions,hate and other Cancer !!!! For a world of humanity,Simply!!!!
WE DONT FUKN CARE! Stop tweeting and read a book! Start with the Constitution, since you seem to have NO IDEA what I says! #FakePOTUS
Yes agree Gorka should GO!
How did the meeting with Erik Prince work out for ya? Is the afg war going to be another business deal? McMaster did his magic I hear. LOL
U did the right thing by cancelling ur appearance @ the Kennedy Center Honors. America needs to heal. U could resign & Pence would do okay.
Don't want 2 hear any fake news from ur face! Diaper change now
Now it's time to get your agendas through
When you say you're the greatest president ever....its embarrassing. Anyone with real confidence doesn't have to boast all the time
Golfing on the taxpayer's dime.
You in charge of national security is a joke. I sure hope some adults were in the room to watch over the baby man that you are.
Laziest @POTUS ever!
The only path to MAGA, is when you are booted out the White House for good!
NeoNazi and Antifa 2 Nazi German movements fighting in the USA Antifa originated in Nazi Germany they practice Nazi tactics
Good job
Great.
This music sucks
Was it really that good Donald.?Was it really.?
What is with these goofy things? Trump looks sleepy
Heading back out of town to make millions more for your resort and play golf while you're "not on vacation."
#ElectAClown
#ExpectACircus
#FireGorka
And look - they dropped him right on the golf course!
President Trump you and Vice President Pence are Two Up Standing Leaders, Dignified. Intelligent. SOMETHING THE DEMOCRATS KNOW LITTLE ABOUT.
So far the only crocked thing to come out of the 2016 election was you and your damn family
We don't hate you, you hate us
!
God oke
Maga
See, we in the AltLeft r regular people.We work hard, we take care of r kids & elderly parents & neighborhoods.We volunteer & pay r bills.
Where is lesse africain
No one cares.
Has no business at Camp David.....ever!
Going in your third month away from America's national treasures and in your gilded golf clubs & towers. How much is this costing us?  SAD
