Dear @POTUS,as an American citizen I would like to thank u for your generous donation of Mar-A Largo to our country & to all the future Presidents yet to serve,as u have articulated so well n your documented http://tweets.No  other President would b so altruistic!Tx,again!
So pathetic. ...how was the cake though?????
A working dinner tonight with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, and his representatives, at the Winter White House (Mar-a-Lag...
For profit diplomacy is part of the Ego-nomics of this so- called president and sidekick Republicans. Release your taxes
#ImpeachRinseRepeat
great
such a Namby-pamby creep.  Can't stand him or his affected way of talking. Irritating to no end. Dunno how u put up with it
Thunderball : Largo at his estate, Palmyra
your fired Donald,be a decent human and resign,you are hurting our country
well you do have the best words
#lyingPOTUS
Act like a president and you'll (maybe) get more respect.
fyi the US Navy jacket & cap looked very handsome
plz help mothers with children on the autism spectrum.  Scholarships or grants for private schools
Want to save taxpayer money. Go to Camp David and play golf.
i boycott academy awards now. too politic bashing. stick to your acceptance speech
meryl streep used to be my fav until she became political. who cares what she thinks
im waiting for the actors and actresses to move to canada as promised
oh was that the dinner that you discussed N. Korea's missile test in a public dining room where people could see and hear?
wow you've been at your vacation house literally every weekend. I thought you wouldn't have time to golf?! Sad!!
$10M+ on our shoulders for this clown to fly from D.C. to FL. C'mon America wake up!
Hehe
YOU SHOULD BE IN THE ACTUAL WHITE HOUSE. IT'S AN HONOR. What is wrong with you!? SAD!
Talk about where leaks come from.  Your pay to play Mar-a-lago members video about your phone call N. Korea.
There is only one White House! Do u not know what that means? IGNORANT!
USA need you!! Bless God for you!!!!
yea!! Go,go,go and never stop we love u!! God bless you and you family. Colombia te ama!!!
Japan is 99% Japinese, White country's are forced to have #Diversity.
we're behind you all the way President Trump!!! Bring America Back!!!!
oh man so hard. You have to work over dinner?? I'm sorry I was all wrong about you.
also, Google!  The winter palace is a reference to the tzar's in pre-communist russia. Are you aware of the implcations?
Not the winter white house. It's a private busines, which has hiked membership fees since you have conducted business there
very good talks?? a national embarrassment!
Wow Good job. I think Shinzou Abe Proud of you sir. 
DO NOT HAVE MEETINGS AT MAR-A-LAGO. IT LOOKS VERY BAD. FOCUS ON GIVING MORE POWER TO THE STATES.
love you.
- What happened to the photo of this "working dinner" that included a celebrity guest...  Who was he again..?
Winter White House? Is it like Real White House, except public not welcome,$200,000 to get in & no official visitor log?
great job Mr President we the people who elected you are standing strong and have your back.
So disapointed in Macain, Looser
President Trump, you're doing a great job.  Keep up the good work!!!!!
or are those the plans he has for you?
never been on vacation served in army then working everyday thereafter to feed my family. Can we vacation at your mar-a-lag
thank you President Trump for all your doing we are praying for you.
keep it up President. God will give you friends all over the world
Mr . President I wish you would get up in front of the press and TV, and tell them U are following the LAWS on  the books!
@JapanGov Mr.President i hav been closely observing your talk since campaign. You r very soft hearted wraped with concrete.
President I believe in you.
DId he shake your hand? Because he was one of many who wouldn't shake Obamas hand...he saw right through him!
and telephone conversation in front of people with no security clearance.
Yeah, your talks were all over Facebook. You're the one guilty of the leaks. Good Lord, you're a dummy.
That is not the "Winter White House", it is your weekend get-away! Now let's be truthfull!
#TheWorstPresidentEver
ethics violation to have an open air meeting with dignitaries.
what's the last thing you Googled?
wish I could join you all
you do get Abe is his first name, right?
they could have care in the road in 6 mos that run on electrical plasma and dont need gas we could be polution free
Next time, try not to share our national secrets with a room full of strangers.
And confidential papers galore!  Great job Trump!
As a politician, you must keep information confidential. You have failed our country and you put us at risk.
@billclinton's tux he wore at hs state dinner & d seat diagram of d highest $ donors seated 4 Lincoln bedrm ascess #kidding
d state dinners r nice cuz d @WJCLibrary has a model of one of his state dinners & FLOTUS @HillaryClinton dress & POTUS
great job you're doing Mr.President. #YOU'LL BE KNOWN AS THE BEST PRESIDENT IN THE HISTORY OF OUR NATION! God Bless you!
you are very shrued. Now ask Israel prime minister to feed and spend money on the Palestinians who he is ruling.
#princepahlavi_trump_SoS
How much does it cost me as a taxpayer to fill your pockets by hosting such events?
They served "Hiroshima Duck" with "Nagasaki Noodles".  When the Japanese realized what is was, they got up and left.
In an open forum. So BAD!
what's wrong with Camp David?
Go Mr President  keep doing good work don't let these cry baby liberals get you down. They are just a bunch of sorry sob's.
By the light of a cell phone?  Was that a personal phone?  Did it use a personal sever?  Maybe we need to investigate?
did he help you with Korean problem?
just don't like the "whale eating" customs that they have. Other than that these folks are "great + loyal friends"
are you tweeting on a secure twitter account?
The winter White House?  We didn't vote for that shit.
这昭和么？Trump总统先生
Question is it physically possible for you to write a tweet that doesn't end with a super short non-sentence with an ! ?
Excellent.
While North Korea launched a missile into the Sea of Japan. Hmmm...now what ya gonna do? Tweet them "Straight"...
So you're back on vacation?
Next time don't let onlookers take pictures with their cell phones.
you are problem solved all over the world.I mean u ar maybe a good president. world people want to see u r good president.
I assume you're profiting from all yr Winter WH entertaining! Fake president
Next time, book a private room.  Think the owner can probably arrange that?  Dont need 2 put on show all the time
There's only ONE White House, Donnie Boy. Hint: it's not in FL or NY
nice job, talking about national security issues in a non secure location ... ironic
Thanks for putting your business interests before US security by using an UNSECURED location to conduct our business
Especially when National Security is threatened.  You still haven't figured it out.
Very public too. Great for your business parading around PM of Japan. Membership up is it? Everything's a commercial right?
Are you concerned at all about the security issues of such a public dinner?
thank you Mr P for working so hard for our country sorry you have to put up w these idiots maybe they will see the lite son
@IvankaTrump renounce the Trump name and maybe your mediocre clothing line will come back to life.
We've heard! Guest have been posting the talks all over social media!! Pictures too!
he says you tried to get him on board withPutin #traitor #impeac hmentparty
please do not stop all that you are doing. We are with you
btw the waiters got quite an earful during your urgent national security meeting there-what were y'all talking about?
The White House is the White House-no one will never consider your crummy Florida golf course "The White House"
And by working dinner I mean reviewing classified info in full view of other diners. Very good.
great job, President Trump. The real voices of America,  are still standing behind you.
yeah wasn't it at DINNER you sent a marine to his death?  Let them eat cake!  Whatever
AND an "unpresidented" breach of security! Way to go, Zippy!
Make sure you have a SCIFF compliant meeting room with you.  Wouldn't want other diners positing conf docs on Facebook.
Your successive visits to Mar-a-Lago are costing taxpayers millions of dollars. #TrumpImpeachmentParty #notmypresident
BOW DOWN TO THE REAL GOD @realDonaldTrump #NotMyPresident #Ednamma #3DibsOnABetterFuture
There is no such thing as a winter WH. This is your vacation home (where you spend considerable time). You are an employee.
and a scandal bigger than an email server.
Yes we know you discussed top secret documents, you DF.
Very good security breaches.
with him and the entire room apparently...
stop advertising your businesses and do your job
apparently overheard by everyone!!!!!
where you are leaking government intel, right?
And you exposed classified info throughout. LOCK HIM UP. You're an embarassment.
YOUR HOTEL IS NOT THE WINTER WHITE HOUSE! YOU ARE JUST SCAMMING THE AMERICAN PEOPLE BY USING OUR TAXES TO FEED UR GREED!
How does it feel to show-off to your #MaraLago #friends by touting #USconfidential #intel at your #table with #JapanPMAbe?
there's not a Winter White House, you're on vacation!!  VACATION!!!!!!
please buy a thesaurus
exactly working dinner to get the trump organization more money very sad about where this country going to
Way to give away our national secrets at a dinner. Wow. Treasonous of you. #TraitorTrump #Trumpertantrum. #TrumpsTaxesWhere
It isn't a "Winter White House" when you go there EVERY WEEKEND at the expense of people who actually pay taxes.
You said while campaigning you'd "rarely leave the White House". Isn't this your third trip to M.A.L. since taking office?
stay strong our prayers are with you. Trust in the Lord and weed out those who would betray you. Wish I could help. Pray!
On our tax dollars?  Release your taxes.
could you ask him to kindly stop the murder of thousands of dolphins? Google it. Thanks #Taiji
Yeah in front of the whole world.  GENIUS!
There is no Winter White House, you thick-headed mook.  Stay in DC for the weekend like a real president.
And using unsecured cell phones
While Korea challenges the world, you chat over caviar. Sad.
and we all know how that went. 
wasted tax dollars your trips to Florida
did NK come up?
DID YOU ASK HIM ABOUT NANKING? 
THAT SEEMS MORE YEAR TWO YOU, BUT KEEP AT IT.
#Security #FAIL.@POTUS Mr #SoCalledPresident one does not just do diplomacy IN PUBLIC w/ ppl taking selfies.
AND A NATIONAL SECURITY BREACH. Lock him up. Lock him up.
Not Winter White House but a for profit resort hotel. Not a house.
Was your dinner table more secure than Hilary's email server? With all the phone cameras trained on secure documents?
Heard of the Logan act yet. Should have gone to college maybe even finishing the 6th grade would have been a start. Jethro
you call blatantly discussing missile tests in public restaurant "good talks"????
Yes very good  talks in front of everyone.
There is no "winter white house."
your weekends are $$$$ the American people 3mil a pop,not to mention the cost to NYC to provide your wife security M thru F
India+ USA+ Japan ,need to bond great together to reform peacelover World@narendramodi
there is NO WINTER WHITE HOUSE!! you are a public servant! act like one!
who paid for this?!?!? DISGUSTING WASTE and profit in your pocket!
very good public talks with your phone flashlight about classified info? I can't decide if you are a traitor or just sloppy
oh wait....you're a traitor. #lockhimup
If you don't understand that @realDonaldTrump is the CAUSE of ALL of this "bs" as you say, you're beyond help.
Except for all that loud strategizing you did about No.Korea, but you are not known for discretion, right #GoldenShowerMan?
giving away secrets

make sure you or your family post it on FB
some millenials too young to know- jobs paid better before they were born. 90s/2000s were total garbage.
yeah, thanks for doing top secret work in front of unvetted people. And your schlocky resort isn't our white house.
And very secure too!
Did you see his face after you finally let go of his hand?  He finds you disgusting.  Learn some manners.
your resort is not the winter white house. And politics have no place happening in your little playground
oh where you talked national security on your unsecure phone in front of hundreds of people w/o clearance to hear that SAFE
how much is that costing the American tax payer.  Too good for the White House?!  You are a joke!!!!
Doubtful. You were there after all. I have never despised a potus this much in all my life. Don't exercise. Eat fat!
Yes, great work exposing sensitive content to the world.  I wonder how many spies are now members?
Yes...we all saw the pics on Facebook & Twitter! Loved how "LOCK HER UP" was your matra, but are 100% unsecure yourself!
