I LIKE U.
Shame about those bone spurs.  And deferments.  Cowardice or elitism?  Either way - you have no standing to speak re: Vets or Service.
Choose your favorite: Brave American Soldiers and their familys or NFL Players, ( easy choice)
If they died for a flag they were stupid. Men and women in battle don't die for flags. They fight for their comrades and their country.

Make America great again--Move to Russia!
Yes. If you don't like the president, you should move to Russia.
It's okay I live in Canada.
U Trumph....need to learn from your own words.
Honor by serving not faking a sore foot
You're more concerned about respecting the flag than respecting an ACTUAL veteran who bled for this country.
Thank you mr. President
Nice tits.
Did you serve? Do you even know what it's like to make that sacrifice?! #treason #impeachTrumpnow
They fought and died so we can #takeaknee.
Never have we fought for a flag! We fight against tyranny and for freedom. #ideas

I'd rather people burn the flag and wrap themselves in the constitution, rather than burn the constitution and wrap themselves in the flag.
They died for the Rights guaranteed in the constitution. Not the flag itself ( that's idolatry).
Get with the program
You didn't serve! What do you know about it?
Unlike yourself......
   has nothing to do with football  or .
They did not die for a piece of cloth, you orange crested howler monkey. Stop flinging poo (these tweets) at us, and act like an adult.
Ok Donny! You succeeded in further dividing us. But you lose,#NFL #NFLPA #NFLOwners all give you the middle finger. Imagine,to our #POTUS ?
Your parents were you when the military school when you were 12 because she was so obnoxious. And then you did everything you could
Not to go to Vietnam. Phony and a fraud.
They fought for the Constitution. They took an oath on the Constitution. One of the rights in the Constitution is freedom of speech.
The athletes are using their freedom of speech to make a political statement about the institutional racism of our country.
You are the perfect example of America's institutional racism though they're not directly protesting you (as much as you want them to)
#Trump_Is_A_White_Supremacist
you dont seem to have done anything so far that might make America great.  but then again, that's exactly what traitors don't do.
You are a racist. That’s what this is about.
Jesus, shut up about the goddamn NFL. People are dying in Puerto Rico, pay attention. Your Russian distraction isn't working btw. LOSER!
#TakeAKnee will end the cash flow to these arrogant #NFL players who protest while working.
#BoycottNFLSponsors
Tone down the rhetoric and apologize for calling players SOB's We do not agree with players who kneel but let owners deal with them.

You cannot force people to stand for the anthem or flag. That is essentially taking away our rights. Educate yourself.
I pardoned the sheriff... but I would not pardon the refugee...
Whiner in Chief. U know who disrespects the American flag? Those who wave the Confederate flag & Nazi Flags. Trumps ok w/those "Fine People"
But YOU DON'T RESPECT AMERICA!!!!  Btw, I'm loving this meltdown....your priorities are showing again, and it's embarrassing
More reason to strongly condemn anyone flying a confederate or nazi flag on US soil?

Did Donny Jr,Flynn and Jared respect it.
@zoeziz
Apparently #MAGA doesn't include the taxpaying citizens of Puerto Rico who are dying. Why aren't you doing something about that? #puertorico
#POTUS has already sent help and more is on the way.  A lot is needed and it is taking time.  Even CNN has reported on this issue
I reviewed the FEMA and naval updates. I checked other NGO sites for movement of supplies & personnel. At time of my posting most 1/
Resources were being sent to USVI. While they certainly need them there is a certain disparity given the population census of both areas 2/
Further, the resources being sent are woefully inadequate. The MRE count alone isn't enough to serve 1/2 the pop of PR one meal for 3/
Day let alone both islands. That's just one example. This should have been staged better. Further, there is no USN medical vessel in the 4/
Area. That's ridiculous. They sent one to Houston were there were fully functioning hospitals. These are islands. Islands w/out power.5/
I am willing to admit something might of changed since I last checked around 8pm CST but I highly doubt it. In any case I stand by my 6/
Stop trampling the #Constitution the US #Military fought for. #Flag is a symbol. Burning it is legal.
Well said draft dodger--how's the bone spur?
Again, #bendtheknee is about #racialinjustice. Refusing to recognize that = #whitesupremacy.
No one fought for a flag, we fought for the principles, ideals, morals, integrity and freedom it stands for. We fought for the Constitution

I'd like to dedicate the #StarSpangledBanner to all of the #USA and to all of our #Troops who fight for our Freedom . #GodBlessAmerica #MAGA 
Maybe everyone will start "respecting" the flag when you start respecting all people. Women, blacks, muslims, and Mexicans included.
That's all u had/have to say Mr. President. #MAGA
@VickiMHenson2 U act and show disrespect as U so often do it becomes normal for others to do as well. Ur 71 but act 10.

America is already great!

You stated your goal was to make America great again- I'd like to inform you that your failing ....bad!!!!
#WorstPresidentEver
We Are With You......
America is great
You wanted to make a change for the better but instead your making everything worse.
They died for freedom of speech
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10211470595893662&id=1026213950 …
It'll be great again when UR impeached & in prison or U croak, whichever comes 1st, just so it's soon!  It will never be great w/U as prez!

You mean go back in time when minorities and women were held down and abused, lynched, etc?  Is that the the "again" you are referencing?
Want to make America great? Resign!
We got INVADED by 11 million immigrants (who don't respect us and many wave the Mexican Flag, not ours). Now we know. Now they go!
#MAGA
You condemn mainly black athletes for peaceful protest, but have no problem with Neo-Nazi/KKK/Whit Supremacist marching in Charlottesville
This coming from a cowardly draft dodger.  You Know nothing of honour
The Interview 2. CIA "We want you to take him out" what to dinner? "No take him out..." to a movie? "No pin a VX nerve gas tail on the donky
How many times did you lie to dodge the draft you traitor? I can't remember.

#PutinsPuppet 

#LockHimUp 

#Racist
I'm with you Mr. president!  And I'm damn tired of giving those that don't respect it a pass.  NFL Owners, its past time you do your job.
Yea & when they came home from these fights that couldn't drink water out of the same fountains buy the same house go 2 the same schools
It's not about that#
Not you.

They didn't die for a flag they fought and died for our freedom ! America is great! You need to go...
Sounds about right 
Good show Mr. Trump. Don't let these trolls get you down. We still love you!!
Hmmm this from a draft Dodger smh
@southern4MAGA 'AMEN to That'!
Great American patriots of which you are not, Clown!
Interesting, coming from a traitor. People come before any flag. Keep deflecting. Mueller is coming.
So, America isn't great? Please have some respect for the flag, you traitor
You mean we should follow your example of insulting and defaming a gold star family? Hypocrite.
Here is a courageous patriot.

Cowardly as you are draftdodger Donnie you have no credibility in determining who is brave or patriotic. #nocredibility
Did you respect the flag when you were draft dodging?
I totally agree!!!
@VickiMHenson2  this was never about hate for the flag or a song. It was his right to protest for what he believed .
Sorry. He needs to find another way to protest. A slur to our country flag and military does not fly with most Americans
My Army soldier son is defending my and all other Americans to exercise my first amendment right! Sorry you won't!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They absolutley have the freedom to but you can also freely criticize their actions. Thank your son for his service
My concerns for criticism lie with our president, not my peers. Sorry for the lack of clarity.
As long as he lowers taxes all will be well
How are those bone spurs doing?
you are dotard #Juche #BestKoreaGreatAlready
Yes! But you weren't one of them... Tell us again why you didn't fight?...
THEY fought, you didn't!!  THEY fought for FREEDOM of SPEECH!!
Innocent civilians and Native Americans minding their own business died minding their own business in their home lands too.
And yet you lied and got out of serving our country. Do you really think a yellow coward like you has any right to judge? Trump is a coward!
Fought for our freedom of speech, 1st amendment. Thank God!
But only if they weren't "caught" by the enemy right? Those people aren't heroes according to you in 2015
Potus you always show you love this country and we LOVE YOU for that!!  GOD BLESS YOU
No, you dodo, they fought and died for America's principles. Those we honour and respect though YOU don't.
They didn't fight for the flag, or for a song. It was for freedom, like the freedom to kneel in front of a flag, during a song.
Exactly!  Your actions on the other hand, do not.  You are bringing this country to the dark depths of hell.
Respect it by paying your taxes tRump. 
Respect it by working for all Americans. 
Respect it by being presidential.
#Resign
Why don't you start by acknowledging your treason. .. and when done  provide us with your personal and business income taxes.
The military oath is to defend the Constitution NOT the flag or anthem. PEOPLE & PRINCIPLES matter more than symbols. 1ST AMENDMENT RIGHTS.
#takeaseatdon

It's. Not. About. The. Flag.
Then why protest to the flag and athem, use a different platform
Nothing says they must stand during the anthem. They have repeated it is not anti military. Deflection has turned it into flag v anti flag.
If it ain't about the flag or athem then don't be disrespectful to it, simple as that
The NFL has received billions in tax payer money for the stadiums. Stop the subsidies.  I don't want my money paying for them
@realDonaldTrump YOU MEAN THE WAY YOU DID HERE?????
Photoshopped

I'd believe your bullshit if you didn't dodge the draft AND called prisoners of war losers. And attacked a fallen soldier and his family.
But not you Donald. You didn't serve.
If the Klan can march with confederate flags and swastikas then anyone can take a knee whenever they damn well want!!
Yes...
You can't demand anybody does anything!  You must think you'll still on your loser show The Apprentice!
Build the wall.If not next time Dems win, entire Mexico will invade US & become citizens if they vote http://Dems.Build  wall @all cost

Fake marine wannabe
Tell that to my DD-214.
Knowing what a DD-214 is doesn’t make you a Marine....but nice try
No, but having one does. Nice try
Okay. Whatever you say, draft dodger. Such a patriot you are.
NFL ratings are down but instead of them taking the blame for that they want to blame you Donald Trump.
#trumpisonantipsychoticmeds call @Walgreens
It's funny that you're supposed to be so American but you're basically saying America isn't great with your stupid slogan MAGA!
You must have a uniform fetish, huh.
You are right on this issue. I hate to call Pro football players names, but they need to be fined. And rules enforced.
伟大个卵


WHAT DO YO MEAN?...GREAT A G A I N?!?!
No one is above the law.  Cops playing Judge, jury, & executioner is not the flag we live under.

Like you honored McCain? Who actually sacrificed for this country and you have continually insulted him? You're a joke. Please leave
Now because of the sensitive crybaby douche bag NFL players we now have 5th graders kneeling during the pledge in school way to influence
.@realDonaldTrump You know, you really have bigger, more important things to focus on. You are such a #loser to keep ranting about the flag.
The confederate flag disrespects the American flag. How about we do away with that and stop trying to make it about peaceful protesters.
Words from a five time draft dodger with a bone spur - did not keep Trump from playing sports. Coward draped in the flag.
Love my PRESIDENT & thanking God for him & praying for him
Trump do you know what makes this statement ludicrous?   Each time you spew your slogan I have to wonder why you think it's not great now!
Wrong,they fought in righteous wars&wrong wars because they were drafted by their gov't. or they signed up to serve. Flag/song not relevant
#BLM

Wish our lifes were as valuable to America as the national anthem smh 
Stop with your bullsquit.

Oh please.
Not from you. You honor nothing but yourself and went after a gold star family.
They our members of the Armed Services as you took an oath to defend the constitution. The Anthem come along much later then constitution.
We could start by impeaching the Cheeto piece of shit destroying our country

Watch this if you think #TakeAKnee protests are 'disrespecting the flag' 
They didn't fight for a flag, they fought for an idea that you are destroying.
And by the way you dodged service and were neither patriotic nor courageous! You were a rich boy who hid behind daddy - like Don Jnr now.

I wish you would honor and respect America. Resign! MAGA! Go back to the KKK! I hear there are good people there.
The KKK was a Democrat supported organization.
And this comes from a man who like his father grandfather and sons know nothing about defending our great flag
MUELLERTIME   Dancing in the street
Merica is getting better every second because we voted for you you R #potus you keep the faith as we do and always do the next right thing
They also fought and died so that we have the freedom to choose if we want to stand or NOT!!!
