actually hunny it was your deceitful and embarrassed voters that lied to the pollsters, u really believe your own fake news
The whole world is against poor donnie, do u also check under the bed and scan the room for recording devices? paranoid hun




I'm starting to think barron his kid is pranking us all, he's grabbing daddy trumps phone & playing us, this can't be real

You mean the popular election that you lost by 3 million votes to Hillary on?
Stop making the election happen Gretchen.
The popular vote card is...irrelevant. @JordanUhl @tonyposnanski
when it comes to the presidents popularity / approval rating. What measure would you rather use?
the same one Kim jung-un uses or really any dictator ..
.@realDonaldTrump Oh no, Donald. When you discredit something so straightforward it makes you seem delusional. Do you see that, hun?
.@realDonaldTrump And, sweetie, shouting "rigged" every time you don't like something makes you seem like you're losing at stickball.
.@realDonaldTrump Let's do our morning breaths. Innn with the rage, ouuut with the calm. Inn with the fear, ouut with the calm. Innn, ouuut.
Let his heart explode from rage and safe us a lifetime of stress.

@realDonaldTrump
*save

See? I make mistakes. 

@realDonaldTrump
this Tweet made me literally laugh out loud, and I'm at work.
Come at me if you think I'm crying.

 @ConniePatt81 @bessbell @realDonaldTrump
@NBCNews 
When Life Imitates Art #SNL @AlecBaldwin 
.
.
.
Hey @realDonaldTrump, turns out you don't speak for the people after all!

This is only the beginning 

https://twitter.com/Parker9_/status/820774021096763392/photo/1pic.twitter.com/VAGqo51alg 
and @HouseGOP  are under fire,and  already proving they can't handle this much power(Senate& Exec Office).
says we shouldn't question the legitimacy of Trump's presidency, but this intel report demands that we do just that…
Man tells @SpeakerRyan :'I want 2 thank Obama from the bottom of my heart,' Obamacare saved my life
Your entire image and financial wealth is rigged. Release those tax returns, Don, I dare you.
we don't care about his taxes,  shit  people,  please understand that
Very kind of you to speak on behalf of 318 million people, cheers
i cant believe you all get up to reply to trumps tweets 24/7. its like you worship him.
it's like half 1 in the afternoon, mate
so, you're not an American - go piss on your own soil.
must be nice to believe what the U.S. does doesn't affect the entire world. Thanks for the perspective @Mike_P_Williams
we'll see! #TheResistance

#TheResistance
#TheResistance
Millionaire.
Perhaps even thousandaire.
People are already growing sick of you.
I bet there are more ittimg sick of all your BS. Grow up and move on
Stop whining. Trump should just resign and bring this utter farce to an end.
we won...we won...we won...you lost.
and soon they will find out they won also, they will get the benefits even with there tantrums.
And that's a fact!
. @realDonaldTrump Anything that is negative towards you is either 'Fake News or 'Rigged'
. @realDonaldTrump 

Forecast for Inaugeration:

50 Degrees, 90% Chance of Rain, 100% Chance of Goldenshowers, Bigotry, Racism, and Lies
Maybe it will be rained out and Obama will stay another 4 years.  If only...
F*ck you commie bastards.
And if you know anything about communism, Trump is aiming to take us closer there, especially with Russian ties.
Mate, you’re so unpopular you can’t even get a Tribute band to play for you.
because they want to feel self righteous and say they won't play because people like you would harass them
No, they just remembered being associated with a groping money laundering traitor isn’t good for careers
We aren't talking about Hillary.
No, she didn’t do anything wrong.
oh yeah except steal from people, lie, get paid for speeches, breach national security and get people killed
Oh. Has she been arrested and charged with a crime? Wait. No, she hasn’t. You’re welcome.
Has Donald?, because you act like he has......Double Standard
Let's do a poll

Do you like Donald Trump
Typical poll. Over sampling Democrats...
on trumps twitter feed? Ok.
hahahaha. Good point !!!
He has 20m followers. Must be a rigged poll 
20m followers to get a good laugh
the polls that predicted less people wanted you President led to an election where less people voted you President.
and the trouble is, of course, any poll in your favour you have always been happy to quote.
and it might not be a good idea to throw the word 'rigged' about, you know, as it just reminds of Russian interference.
oh I see now, 3 million more people voted for HRC, but the Russians rigged it? OK, got it.
I'll never understand why people think anyone cares about illegitimate voting from southern California.
And I'll never understand why people think California is not part of the USA
Oh u mean that state where repubs don't even bother voting?  Pop vote not the point.
That will uldvbe balanced by Texas-same thing in reverse. Move on.
No, you’re really unpopular (historically so) and everyone thinks you’re doing a terrible job. Happy to help.
Fake news is a real problem. I'm not saying that Donald Trump isn't a muppet, but fake news (i.e. pissgate) are bad.
yea but in his eyes it's only fake when it's about him but if it's about anyone else it's real lol
fair.

that's why I still don't understand how he won when it seems that everyone hates him
It's so easy to play this game every time @realDonaldTrump tweets something.
President Obama has just reached an ALL-TIME low approval rating! Is anybody surprised? The happiest person is former President Jimmy Carter
HAD to include you in this:
Internet unleashes hilariously brutal mockery on Trump for whining low approval numbers are fake http://www.rawstory.com/2017/01/internet-unleashes-hilariously-brutal-mockery-on-trump-for-whining-low-approval-numbers-are-fake/ … 
Cool, thanks for letting me know.
Thanks for one hell of a good comment ;)
.@realDonaldTrump Nah, you're just mad that you have the lowest approval rating of any incoming President for the past four decades.
According to him and his supporters, of you don't like something it's rigged, fake, phoney.
Clinton had more votes so polls weren't that off. Interpretation was off.
HuffPo gace Hillary a 98% chance, yet democrat hack idiots still take then seriously
.@realDonaldTrump
@GoldieAZ @JordanUhl @AVD911 @killerbee805 HAD to include y'all in this:
Internet unleashes hilariously brutal mockery on Trump for whining low approval numbers are fake http://www.rawstory.com/2017/01/internet-unleashes-hilariously-brutal-mockery-on-trump-for-whining-low-approval-numbers-are-fake/ … 

The Clinton News Network said Crooked Hillary will win in a landslide. Same Fake polls now put out to undermine Mr. Trump!
Who cares what others think just MAGA
He cares. Bigly. That's why he's always harping on about it.
.@realDonaldTrump
I can't wait for Trump memes to be in our history books.
actually most of the national polls had @HillaryClinton winning by 2-4% and she won the popular vote by 2%. Pretty accurate
thank you for your valuable contribution to this conversation.
criminal, funded Isis, breached national security, let terrorists kill americans
You guys are the ones who were brainwashed by Russian propaganda.
so emails that dems wrote are Russian propaganda
.@realDonaldTrump hillary got more votes than you. you will have to take that with you forever.
HAD to include you in this - of course :) -- :
Internet unleashes hilariously brutal mockery on Trump for whining low approval numbers are fake http://www.rawstory.com/2017/01/internet-unleashes-hilariously-brutal-mockery-on-trump-for-whining-low-approval-numbers-are-fake/ … 
the only thing embarrassing is the guy who pretends he's a monkey here 
No, dude. You are the most hated man in America. Get used to it. It's only going to get worse for you.
@lilsister7 @sjpd359 @Brudvig  HAD to include y'all in this. Good stuff:
Internet unleashes hilariously brutal mockery on Trump for whining low approval numbers are fake http://www.rawstory.com/2017/01/internet-unleashes-hilariously-brutal-mockery-on-trump-for-whining-low-approval-numbers-are-fake/ … 
Constipation? His idle tiny hands need something to do.
they are just flapping around tweeting willy-nilly. He should pick up an intel briefing with them.
he will just as soon as they're printed on smaller paper and use shorter words
can you imagine if he releases his taxes 140 characters at a time?
national polls were actually spot on if you look at RCP average.
Apparently people are too lazy to look it up. See, spread off by 1 point. Which is more accurate than historical average.
People don't realize that natl polls predict the popular vote, not EC totals. Polling was accurate, within margin of error.
how was the polling in the swing states? OFFFF BY A LANDSLIDE
State polling was far less accurate. Election was effectively decided by 107,000 people in 3 states. That's not a "landslide."
it doesn't matter anymore trump is Pres get on w ur life what's ur point anymore. Grow up!
You're very imaginative. Such variety of commentary. A true intellectual powerhouse.
I agree with you at this point it's just about you getting over election and moving on.no one understands the crying anymore.
no no, it's true... we actually don't like you
omg my (american) english teacher today: i hate americans- actually no, just those who voted trump
yall would get along so well
Not rigged. People are watching you spend your time crying about TV & attacking good people instead of being presidential.
@tonyposnanski it is rigged. I voted to approve DJT and it didn't change from disapprove!
Your account is a pro-Donnie bot paid by Trump, further proving how rigged he actually is.
the ones filled with peepee?
go to your room and don't come back until I see bubbles running down your chin!
your job,  Pam, is to blow Trump, not our's.
the reason you act like this is your dad's an alcoholic and your mom's on welfare
ummm, the national polls were actually correct.  Said you would lose popular vote by 3%, you lost it by 2%.
Why so offended about someone calling YOU illegitimate, but it was ok for you to call POTUS illegitimate?
Sounds like you can say anything to anyone, but can't take the criticism. You'd better grow a thick skin soon
You'll just have to go on how many people show up at rallies. Start with inauguration vs. Women's March.
allyou had to do was look at his rallies. Oh, I forgot the Communist News Network and others would NOT show
remember how latched you were to polls throughout the election?
he was not at all buying the polls and still isn't understandably since they are not polling the right people.
"have you seen the latest polls, we're doing great, we're way ahead.." was his common refrain.
During the primaries all he did was insult people and quote polls.

@JJohnson2u @realDonaldTrump
when will you release your tax returns & divest from your conflicts of interest?
, Who gives a crap about his tax returns? Geez, get over it! It's irrelevant. Back off!!
75% of the public would like @realDonaldTrump to release his tax returns. http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/public-splits-trumps-ethics-compliance-quarters-tax-returns/story?id=44811545 …
, I'm sure an ABC poll is accurate. Count me in the 25% then. Move on...
Counted.
keep telling yourself that sis, it's glaringly obvious support for you is dwindling and fast, even from your base
none of his base is backing off....we get stronger when you insult us.
Of course they are rigged, Donald. The only polls that aren't rigged are the ones that you approve.
no one should believe the f*cking polls. Look how all you snowflakes were devastated by reality! Get over it!
You know what they say about excuses and assholes, right Donny? #treason #liarinchief #trumpisapuppet
@emnercessiann @azon1ps @DaneshWasTaken @RJPalacio HAD to include y'all in this. Good stuff:
Internet unleashes hilariously brutal mockery on Trump for whining low approval numbers are fake http://www.rawstory.com/2017/01/internet-unleashes-hilariously-brutal-mockery-on-trump-for-whining-low-approval-numbers-are-fake/ … 
They're not phony. NOBODY likes you. Not even the people that voted for you.
Yes we love Trump.  We seriously want our country back from you non patriotic self absorbed liberals!!!
You're an egg.

Everyone is lying that doesn't agree with Donald Trump or boost Donald Trump'a Ego.
Polls aren't rigged. You are truly despised.
.@realDonaldTrump ACTUALLY, the national polls were (and continue to be) spot on. You know, because you lost the popular vote and all.
.@munkmetal1 Last I checked, they were just as much a part of the union as any other state. Or, do you not adhere to the constitution?
.@munkmetal1 I could make the same argument about not counting Texas' votes. It's a flawed, dumb takedown.
As flawed as arguing that HRC won the pop vote. Trump didn't campaign for the pop vote. He rightfully sought EC & won
Actually, @realDonaldTrump, national polling numbers were pretty accurate. You lost the popular vote, as predicted https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/821344302651555840 …

.@realDonaldTrump Whatever helps you sleep at night.
Suddenly approval ratings are rigged and can’t be trusted. Ok, @realDonaldTrump. Sure.
23-24% republican sample in your polls. This is why u lost election. Deluding yourselves. Please don't stop.
my polls? I haven’t conducted any polls

@juliemason @smerconish Polls were right HRC won popular vote by 2%. No landslide a narrow electoral college win.
blanketing my Twitter with nonstop partisan rants=blocked. Sorry. Quit doing that.
deepest apologies. Explained myself in an email.
Mid 30s to low 40s is your home for the next four years. Make yourself comfy. @crowleyreport
yes, the same national polls which showed @realDonaldTrump losing the popular vote to Clinton...oh wait...@crowleyreport
.@realDonaldTrump [S]
is this really your top priority right now?
Says phony president compromised by Russia over golden shower parties with prostitutes. You think you're smart. You're not.
Why did you vote for him if you think he's an asshole?
Better hope a lot of people from Wyoming attend. THEY count for 6 Californians - will up your attendance!
.@realDonaldTrump 1) You lost the popular vote. 2) You lost the popular vote. 3) You lost the popular vote. 4) You lost the popular vote.
lmao and won the #real vote. 3 days 
More people didn't vote for him than voted for him. End of story
Story ends w Trump as president in 3 days get your tissues ready. Think of it as one of your lifetime movies
and then the guy is taking the rest of the weekend off after being inaugurated? That is really sad, low energy & weak
needs rest after destroying you all in the electoral college 
No other president in modern history has taken a few days off after the inauguration. But he is old and fat, so I understand
yeah. 3 days tough week for u?
you lost the popular vote so deal with it, lowest rated president elect so deal with it
Polls were dead on re popular vote.Also approval polling is not same as campaign.Ask your flunky, @KellyannePolls
popular vote is like saying the Indians had more runs overall in the World Series but lost the number games to cubs.

That's a fact!
@DebAlwaystrump we know you will go through with your campaign promises Plz get rid of the penalty for not having insurance
@TrumpForBoston
why did you just cut FHA MIP reduction. You just cost me $900.00 a year Trump! I voted for you to help me not cost me more$
Oh yes. That "con man" and "liar" thing people warned you about. How is that swamp going, as well? Goldman Sachs, anyone?
.@realDonaldTrump No, you really have the lowest ratings of any prez. Why do you think your inaug lineup is a list of washed up has beens?
So the polls also showed people thought you would create jobs, too. I guess that S wrong.
. Congratulations President Trump! Just enjoy today! Forget the protesters.
@springerpappy We know Mr. President, we know!
Thank God for Donald Trump! I think we will now have a chance to turn our Country around.
The election was rigged too.  Just not enough to get HRC in.  The Dems will know better this time and will increase their voter fraud.  Please stop voter fraud before 2018.
The only thing that is rigged is your election
Of course they are!  Trust me, @Potus, MOST people do not believe the media/polls.  We've seen enough to know the scam!
@SheriffClarke We don't give a dumb abt communist propaganda polls, pushed by  communist news network (CNN)
please don't hold all New York responsible for the stupid mayor my family and I support you and so does a lot of NY
you tell 'em! FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS
stand strong we got your 6
@SheriffClarke Please don't ever believe those polls, President Trump. We all love you and know you want great things 4 
good luck on Friday to my new president! Hope they treat you better then they have.
this is the real attendance at the #InaugurationDay @robtdfischl @chucktodd no #falsehood here #MeettheDress spreads lies


I do not trust the paid "talking mouth's" of the media.  Despite them, we the people WON!!!! God Bless Donald J. Trump:)
It would be to our new president's benefit to appoint media for press briefings from outside the elite D.C. swamp-dwellers.
thank you president trump.
I get so pissed when I hear someone say President has lowest approval rate in history, and 60% for obama, lies!
=5am, I care more about ratings than doing POTUS job. Have I used 'fake' lately? No, I'll say 'rigged'
@firearmslawyer Just like here Dad! This stupid guy from Wharton til now is "bitter" being defeated by a Mindanaoan!
Staythe Course. Keep tweeting. Cuts through the fog. Real Americans are following! God Bless!
The polls were right. The election was rigged by your buddy Putin. You are a traitor to the US. #ImpeachTrump.
Early congrats to the first Third Party President.    The Country hopes for positive Change !
#PUSSYGRABBER, the ONLY reason you got the majority of 538 ppl is because of Russia, FBI and especially this::
Good luck and God bless you today right President
I have to laugh, wonder who they are actually calling.  YOU WON FAIR & SQUARE!!!!!  AMERICA WANTED CHANGE -  Thank GOD!!!!

WRONG!!! 
stop campaigning!
they aren't rigged...we really don't like you. Remember 3 million less.
God Bless You Donald J. Trump
@Truth_Bombers PATHETIC!!
Not even sworn in and Worst Presidunce Ever!
Presidunce! Good one!!!
This man is ridiculous. Take his twitter away so he can stop calling everything that doesn't praise him "rigged."
however if they were in your favour they would not be rigged.  You're a walking contradiction.
so if someone says something bad about u or fact-checks u they are fake/rigged/wrong????   SAD
Trust yourself and us, not Polls.
We know! God Bless you Mr. President!
*The #FakeNews @CNN polls are "democratically slanted" i.e., biased.*
Deems need to get over it already. They are acting like children. I am Mexican American I voted for Mr Trump.
Delete your account, President combover!
oh we know. Those with a properly functioning brain know that mainstream media are just as crooked as Killary!
no. Your "approval" ratings are real AF because no one approves of you. Sorry #truthtime #heresyourchance #provemewrong
lol maybe focus on your #dayone starting on Friday not Monday! And no #weekends for 4 years #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Your approval rating is poor, probably because you don't seem to understand how to be presidential
Mr. President!  Please don't let anyone ruffle you. Just smile and make us great again. Thicken your skin!
No, we really do despise you.
Americans are moving forward, leaving disgruntled socialist losers behind.
The people are rigged.
Can't trust em
Tremendous, believe me
where did you learn to count,Trump U
Look at the people that you govern Donald. The approval ratings are not rigged. The World is displeased with your election.
And this is 100% about YOU.  What YOU say and DO.  The hateful, vile things that come out of your mouth, & the evil you do.

Behind you and your family 100% piss on all the losers
#PuerilePettiness #NotPresidential #NotMyPresident
Aww, the baby tyrant whiner is crying again!  Can't wait to watch your presidency go down in flames!
yeah, & the moon landing was rigged too I suppose. Let's do a "real" count then. Who hates Trump? ME!
you lost the popular vote By almost 3 million. It is very believable that you will be swarn in with less than 50% approval.
Whiner cry baby in Chief. Grow up.
Liar. Your approval rating is abysmal and will only get worse. You’re due for a long hard four years. #notmypresident
That is exactly what we were saying. And people believe these polls. Unbelievable
You're a dummy.

no donald, america thinks you are a fool.  even the stupid, racists ones are changing their minds.
No one should care about those silly little poles.

Ignore the polls and do what the people have elected you to do.
Who cares? The approval ratings people can go scratch, we know it's all BS.
Paranoid much?
If you stopped tweeting for 5 minutes I guarantee your approval ratings would go up. Seriously, Hooked-on-phonics is still out there for you
You've rigged every game you've ever played & now project your rigging ways. We don't ALL lie, cheat & steal!
that's right rigged! Should have been Hillary!
wah wah way....nobody likes me and they are saying it on television. NOT FAIR
2+2=5
we know! The people have voted & united we stand slam the lying media who lie to us POTUS focus on the facts thanks Trump
@SunIslandMusic Anyone with half a brain has stopped paying any attention to POLLS, NEWS MEDIA, TALKING HEADS. Candidate+++
Your breath stinks so bad that it destroyed half the ozone layer.
