#Arrogant #Uncaring #Racist #Tyrannical #Unfair #Sexist #Communist #Greedy #Dishonest #Cynical #Untrustworthy #Explosive #Dangerous #Moron
Good for you and you a lot
McCAIN IS OUT?   GOOD NEWS!

Be a man and make your own Legacy stop trying to f*** Obama Legacy up do your own s***
How much are you making off country your wife is from that harbors terrorists,  seems our govt pumps billions into it. What's your cut
"Facts" is  plural, "thats" = "that is" which refers to  singular word. i.e. Thats the facts is grammatically incorrect, mr fake president!
#FAKEPRESIDENT #unfitforoffice #lacksbasichumancompassion #readsomething
It's super weird you keep repeating the hospital lie.
Also, where is that wall you said you were going to put up
Sir, you are deeply disturbed; pls get help.

Three Mules two Pelicans and an asshole.
ill. e truly honest...i dont think YOU can ever be a good President let alone a President

Why do you want people to die?
Put up or shut up  #trumprussia
Do you know who isn't tweeting? Mr Mueller. 

He is going to shut you down and shut you up.

#NoTwitterInPrison

#BobMuellerIsNotTweeting
I'm just here for the PEE tape, drip 
                                                            drip
No Senator is in the hospital....what are you talking about?
FAKE NEWS
How much Coke do you snort before Breakfast?!  Your fucking HIGH
ATTACK MY CULT!
Mexicans Muslims MS13 Obama,Hillary,NFL,Comey Liberal,RINOS,Allies,CNN Comey,Mueller,Media N.K.>The Love 4 Russia is Amazing
Lmao!!!!
It's not happening. That's just the facts
You guys will have to wait until next month to try and kill more Americans. Sorry Donnie
Everyone Needs to RETWEET This.  Trump's Deleting His Own Tweets!
Let's make a bet.  If a GOP Healthcare Plan Passes by Jan 1 I stop tweeting.  If it doesn't you RESIGN... DEAL??
Although you may be forced from office before then...
Trump is staying in the White House for 2 entire terms
Sports vs. #FakePresident: EARLY ELECTIONS BY FEET STARTED!
#UNTRUMP THE WORLD #FREETWITTER 
http://trumpmusicvideo.com 
https://www.facebook.com/freetwitter 
Ooooh, it must be awful knowing as you tweet randomly #Mueller is pouring over your IRS data. But nothing there to see right? #RICO

Go fuck yourself
Wow, you have TRULY gone over the edge
mccain is a traitor, before he faked his tumor or became a senator.
shame on America for allowing this bastard to hold up our recovery
Translation: "I'm not winning, folks. I will never win, but enjoy the Kool aid and BS sandwiches."
Mcconnel must go.  How wrong that he fails miserably n yet maintains position of power.
So you need 60...
McCain is A SORRY LOSER
Hold this L Don.
Plz ban me
You don't have crap why don't you take care of the people in Puerto Rico
I just woke up and took a BIG Donald J Trump supporter!

#DotardTrump
#ImpeachTrump 
#deportmelania 
#RussiaGate
You are the worst president in the history of this country and an embarrassment to the office
No that was your precious obama
John McCain is permanently out he's retiring whether he likes it or not he's out all the way out going home permanently bye bye John McCain

Yeah. Uh-huh. What kind of threats you using to try to bribe them? We will remember & remove the idiots who change their minds.
What?
There are no positive signs coming from Alaska re healthcare and you know it. #Lyingdon
Nope, not healthcare. You mean ripping healthcare from 32M and destroying protection for preexisting conditions. But you failed. LOSER.

deadbeat don should pay back his 33m to Puerto Rico
Isnt it just dandy that we have a prez that shines like a brand new silver dollar luvvin america and makin her great again OUR HERO
TRUMP!
Just did.. In the bath too.. #bubbles
Ok
GO AWAY!!!! #RESIGN #RESIGN #RESIGN #RESIGN #RESIGN #RESIGN #RESIGN
You have to be wrong.  Lying jack wagon!!   Let it go you lost s.o.b.
Lies  as usual 
Hands up if you want to get rid of Trump
#LiarInChief #Gaslighting #Fraud #Russian #Putin #puppet #bigot #worthless #turd #RESIST the #SCUM
The UniParty will be dismantled, one Senator and one Representative at a time.
Love you trump
Bot.
#الشعب_يرفض_قياده_المراه
God gives us all kinds of happiness so we should worship God.
 #WorldTourismDay
W.A.L.L. "Welcome American Legally Licensed" palm id scanner debit/credit cashless system, citizens get scanner, others Run

I don't think anyone should be strong armed to get insurance. I like the right to choose how much money I want to spend.
You have just proven, you're the worst potus in history and the most uneducated.  Let's see that IQ test, Wharton says you were worst
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/change-end-date-daylight-saving-time-halloween-night-1am-extending-midnight-2-hours-be-festive …
Good.  GB.
You need to stop with the dumb shit and run this country I voted for you only because I thought you'd help , but turns out you're no better
I'm sure he'll convince you again in 2020. A con man always wins.
Wait, who is in the hospital? Oh right, no one, because you are LYING!!!
Thank you
Almost 17,000 people prevented from voting in key swing state won by Trump, study finds 
So he won by over 22000 but 17000 were prevented from voting?  I'm no mathematician but... still looks like he is going to win with that.
Lies. Lies. Lies.
I guess you missed the tweet where Sen. Cochran definitively said he is NOT IN THE HOSPITAL you dotard.
Fakes news! You're lying.
Americans are taking notice the ones working to make changes and the ones just voting no. If u vote no then add to the changes if not quit
Not
For
Ever
Is Thad Cochran out of the hospital yet, are planning to go and visit him? I bet that would really lift his spirits. Can you say Pinocchio?
Trump = Fascism      $$$$ for the wealthy and a disregard for the constitution!
More bombs less healthcare - brilliant!
Time to feed the hogs boys!
@SenJohnMcCain is a first class Democrat. He probably kneels when he hears the National Anthem. He's a sore loser like Clinton. Bad pilot.
LIAR! LIAR!
There are no senators in the hospital. You couldn't get all the GOP senators on board, so you didn't have the votes. Don't lie about it
This is complete deceit.
Who's in the hospital?
#FakeNews stop spreading it get your facts straight. #45sendhelp to PR and VI #theytooareAmericans

Well......thanks for playing.
@POTUS
Such a dreamer. Thus is just like everything you try to pass. Boom! No pass!
You are a orange disease
Which yes vote is in the hospital? Inquiring minds want to know.
No one is in the hospital #dotard
He wasn't in the hospital, he just didn't want to be part of a crap bill. I even lied on FOX about him being in hospital. I like to lie.
Nobody is in the hospital. But your chronic lying is a disturbing medical condition.
Hahaha.....liar, liar.  Caught again with your lies.  No one was in hospital!
We all will fight against this. It stinks. Keep on trying and it will be seen as a massive failure.
MCCain is out alright! Maybe the devil will give him a place in his senate.
Who was in the hospital? Another Trump lie that you will just let drift away? You really are sick.
Someone forgot his meds again
#PatheticPOTUS
Yes but you didn't  have the votes. Another misrepresentation.
LYING TED CRUZ NEEDS TO GO. HIS WIFE WORKS FOR GOLDMAN & THEY RECENTLY BOUGHT FOR ABOUT $2MILL HOUSE IN RIVER OAKS IN HOUSTON. DID SOROS PAY
To bad so sad...Not
MOVE ON, IT'S THE DUMMIECRATS PROBLEM, WHEN HCARE TURNS TO CRAP THEY WILL COME BEGGING!!!
Non...
You ARE delusional.
You're lying again.
What about help fof Puerto Rico instead of tweeting about killing healthcare!!!!!
Ummm who was in the hospital? Scalise is house not senate ...
You should be ashamed of yourself. I voted for you and now I'm not so sure that I did the right thing. I thought that you believe in God
Who's in hospital ??? Really?
The only thing you know how to do is lie, but when its SO FUCKING EASY to prove you wrong, I'd think you would stop.
He's not in the hospital. You don't even know his name. Lol, your a joke.
No ones in the hospital. He's home and has said he would travel back if there was a vote. What's your next lie?
Who is in the hospital? We would all like to send a card. Hahahahahha
TrumpCare is an oxymoron. Trump himself is just the second half of the word.
Nobody's really in the hospital Donnie, now come on.  Tell the truth.
What yes voting Senator is in the hospital?  None. Fake news from the fake president. Stop lying.
Dreaming, dream, dream, dream
Mr. President, please have the Senate and Congress members, participate in the Obamacare exchange insurance.  They need to know what is like
Funny how the man you said was in the hospital tweeted he was not in the hospital and could return to dc if needed.  45's fake news
Ok
Hey Copernicus study on this: 51>49 .    Ask a grownup to explain it to you.
How many times do you have to lie to your followers. No one was in the hospital.
Drain the swamp!!! You're a joke!!
If you want Hcare fixed tomorrow have congress/senate use it. Take away their golden parachute system and use what the people are stuck with
You just can't stop the lies even when it's been proven you lied. You don't have the votes and you can't stand you've done nothing
lies that's all that comes out of your mouth ! Resign!
Urinating on your grave will be soooo satisfying.
This is fake news. There were not enough votes. Yes vote was not in the hospital. Rubio was right-you are a con artist.
Liar
You live in a fantasy world.
#PuertoRico #PuertoRicoRelief #PuertoRicoStrong #PuertoRico #PuertoRicoRelief #PuertoRicoStrong #PuertoRico #PuertoRicoRelief #PuertoRico
Why not for Friday? If you have the votes, you have the votes, right?
Who is in the hospital?  #LiarInChief @PressSec
You're a liar
who is in the hospital???
Fact check:  no voter was in the hospital.
Liar liar liar- no one in hospital
Why do you target McCain?
No you don't.
If you had the votes, it would have happened! #LiarInChief
Your nose is growing longer Pinocchio!

Who is in the hospital.
#resist #YourWordMeansNothing

No! Dotard no Senator is in the hospital
So then you don't have enough health care votes. I can see why you're businesses fail, you can't do simple math.
You keep repeating that lie. #DotardTrump
#auspol

So...
Let me guess...

Nothing got done but it isn't your fault?

Change the tune Donald 
You're a loser
Keep dreaming! HUGE LIE! Do you think we are stupid! Lie lie lie
Keep this up and u will end up being blocked by the dotard in chief
Sir, there is no one in the hospital.  You are either misinformed, or lying. Given your history, likely the latter.
You don't have the vote. Please, for the love of God, tell the truth. Try it. Just once.
I wish the President that the whole family is happy, the United States is the hope of mankind, God bless the United States
I AM SHOCKED U HAVEN'T DELETED THIS POST! REWRITING UR HISTORY IS VERY HARD TO DO. ALL UR LIES R MEMORABLE! NO 1 WILL FORGET THEM. FACT CK!
Who is in the hospital? We certainly know who should be but what Senator are you talking about? #SenatorGeorgeGlass
So Alaska was going to cave?
Mr President.  Keep pressing through!  We stand with you
Sure you don't
Who's in the hospital?
You are an evil son of a bitch!
The last "yes" vote that went to the hospital, ended up saying "no." Your good friend McCain that is
Wish you were out we do not need a man with little hands. #goawaysoon
Why do you want to kill Americans?
LIAR!!
Now I know why people working for U resign & run away. U R an unconscionable leader. Saying that PRicans just want a hand out while they die
Your insane please seek help
There is NO vote in the hospital...none...not one Senator.  Stop spreading this lie.
