Ignore all these negative comments, just more sore losers. GOD put you there to lead our people and He will guide your steps.
Second, perhaps unsurprisingly for a state seen as a Petri dish for socially liberal policy, California’s new regulations are notably progressive. For a start, they allow residents convicted of drug offences that would not be crimes under the new order to have their records expan
Start charging a fee for every $ illegals send back to Mex-pay for WALL
The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. It has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of NAFTA wit...
yeah. good argument. but Carlos Slim fired you.  A Mexican you worked for while making millions from NAFTA
LIAR!!!
how much money is sent to Mexico every day we need to charge a
@Bob00Smith 
As is almost always the case when it comes to DJT, THIS IS COMPLETE & UTTER BULLSHIT
@Saconi12 trump is going to close all the countries rights in america and make its economy down
the US have 3 times more population and acquisitive power so that deficit its normal that is why you buy more than u sell.
don't worry don. I know you are in control
BILL CLINTON IS THE ORIGINAL OWNER OF NAFTA--LEET HIM FIND A WAY TO DISMANTLE IT!  NO ONE WANTED IT BACK THEN OR NOW.
wrong, fake news wrong again
... We voted for you. Don't forget the Native Guys re Keystone Pipeline. Give them some time if you can. Thanks!!
@Trump4prez20166 No aid money to Mexico use that for the wall.
cheap food comes from there Donnie. You have  raised the cost of living through decisions like this.
stop saying numbers for things that you don't have any idea of You should not talk about anything else you have no clue OUT
Is deficit good or bad? I'll wait while you go and ask somebody.
Your are a person better, and power, but do you need understand much city  and cultural is important
very much money, ilostreit,
Tell Mexico if they give the U.S. Baja California were even--should cut wall costs too!
simpleton.
I like that you are collecting from those who owe us but let's focus on our debt to China as the priory please.
Niegame la visa suegro!

NOTHING will change in America without the TERM LIMITS. Being in politics for  10-40 years is insanity.
Stay strong Mr. Trump, the REAL Americans elected you, and we will stand with you against ALL left forces.
I wonder if consumers will see it as a one sided deal once prices rise in the US due to higher wage cost
If that bothers you so much, why do you have some of your products made there?
usted no es tonto 300 mil millones de china y es superpotencia ahi si le tiembla
how much do your business investments pull in or how much do you save by using them?
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @newscomauHQ
it is cheaper to pay to build wall/ 90% of all illegal drugs come into USA here
MEXICO cancelled! Baaaahaaaahaaa
so fix it
you are the deficit
Mcdonald Trump
$60bn trade deficit is a tiny part of US gdp of $16trn, don't worry about it. See https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Balance_of_trade …

we support You Mr Trump 100% behind you don't listen to all the negative crap people are saying. I have faith in you
how did Obama get away with so much? Most people praised him for trying to ruin our country
The reason most of the Hispanic illegals are dark is because only white Europeans run Mexico so there!!
Finally someone who fights for the people.
Mr. Tronald J. Dump, time for another decree: as a dangerous lunatic, you should rename the White House the White Asylum.
it's so refreshing to finally have a president that's actually accomplishing something good for this country.  God bless!
Share em! What are these massive numbers? and WHAT do they represent? SEW curious
you are doing a good job Mr President.  Thanks
LIAR
this must be discussed with Mexico. Their is somwthing wrong with this picture here.
and Mexico has nothing to show for it and it's people suffer from this greediness of wealth.
I'm Praying for you!!
build solar panels save the earth instead of caring who is in it we all breath the same air
American people should consume less drugs coming from Mexico, so the trade deficit would be far smaller...
NAFTA also required Mexico to accept US government subsidized grains that have been over produced--bad for Mexican farmers.
Are people against NAFTA?  The way it took away jobs was lifting the tariffs on imports from Mexico.
espero que el patriota ponga más medidas este país está desordenado
por que como el congreso paro a Obama de hacer lo que le venía en gana están heridos
Aquí en este país se asustan los conspiradores comunistas los demócratas frenan a Donald Trump no por que tienen razón
massive just massive numbers, massive.
I would rather see my taxes go to build the wall then to support immigrants, legal or not. Did not contribute get nothing.
60 Million, should just about build the wall, don't pay it, build the wall with it instead.
Make America great again Mr President!
Thanks President Donald J.Trump for your wisdom insight on this eye opener 
you should not be president. U will ruin the USA!
what is trade deficit with South Korea? How about you make oil companies who produce our oil in the GOM build rigs here??
Terrible deal! #TerribleDeal
Pay for wall? tax western union $65 billion sent to Mexico 2015. 5% = 3.25 billion
FIX IT....DON'T TWEET IT!!!!!
You are a good man!
P.S  please don't let the government decide what drugs patients need.  Cronic pain can ruin our lives.
keep up the good u r doing
Request  for Mr.President to dismiss the NYC TLC because it's part of conspiracy and corruption.
@POTUS this is a #LIAR haha all the time Developed countries take advantage over countries designed as emerging market
charge $1 ea person to cross so border make $365 million a year
How much were we giving mexico each year to help them fight drugs put that money towards the wall to make America safe
Too bad you can see the truth in trade but reject the truth of clean water versus oil spills, #China is smarter than US?
most of the peanut gallery actually thinks they have a clue of what's going on in the world...hahaha. Snowflakes...
@POTUS  Mr.Trump more than 50% of the big companies in Mexico are US owned, most profit goes back to America...
Most affected consumers and investors will be in the US. Evebody will be affected at the end besides the purpose...
the best will be to control temporary workers inmigration, reduce drug consumption, illegal money and arms in NA
basic economics......... Americans will pay for protectionism..... they'll realise eventually
I WOULD THINK A GOOD BUSINESSMAN WOULD SEE THE IMPORTANCE OF ALLIES...A CON HOWEVER NO.
maybe american industries should make better products????!!!! American cars for example, plasticbombers, no quality
@POTUS WRONG!
joseph penk
please seek psychiatric help you're not a well man
you don't know what you're talking about. get some professional advice; you don't make sense to any but ignorant ppl
This is not how trade deficit works. No wonder you were bad at business.
Can you strengthen our farmers so we can again become a self sufficient Country,R & D and education for new thinkers.
tightening the border will reduce Mexican purchases in the U.S.  Arizona businesses are suffering already from fewer sales
Remember other countries are also involved Mexico and Central America reach near 40 billion.
23.4 billion in money transfers to Mexico....
fuel filling
I'm so glad you are our President. I'm very proud of you and I am praying for you and your family.
you are just WRONG! You don't plan on fixing shit all you are doing is ruining lives with your lies.
sources please?
History of Flint Michigan, jobs from GM started exporting jobs to Mexico in 1he 1980's's. Well before NAFTA. Roger Smith
????????????
Canada has their trucks deliver their load but instead of going back to Canada, the truck is used here in the USA to haul.
Sixty billion deficit with Mexico how do we know, because YOU said so.
https://www.facebook.com/MediaSurvivor/videos/1662172470746683/ …
get a life president. Please stay off twitter. It would benefit you. God bless. And p.s. You even said it was a ban.
Explain what is wrong with a trade deficit. I doubt you know. Mercantilism is dead. Do you know that word?
Resign, please!
you know how you say the news is fake...I believe some education is fake too..hence expensive health care workers with fake
how bout skyscraper for homeless....the only wayto help them is give them a huge piece of property..perhaps like a commune
please conquer the homeless I know you work hard but alto of people can't be you
عاخ عاخ عاخ عاخ
Mexico isn't paying and I'm not paying either.  Pay your taxes and you can pay for that BS!
How much of that 60 bil was helped along by the former potus and his administration?
NAFTA is so evil
there is so much food that is grown there that we buy because our farmers has been beaten down put out of business.
Lie...
another subject Donald obviously didn't pass without "assistance"  was math.
I support Mr.Donald Trump. The President is 100% correct and all of his policies will work nicely.Well done Mr.President.
The U.S. debt to China is $1.0493 trillion, as of November 2016. Will you pay off your own debt first?
STOP TWEETING!!!
knee jerk reactions from us get equally nasty responses. Be prepared to reap what you sow.
@POTUS someone had to make your clothing line.....again doing jobs Americans dont want.
USA still exported $212 billion goods / services to Mexico in 2016 - that's alot of US jobs you are putting in jeopardy.
and a $15-$20 billion wall will help how? How will this be beneficial to the US debt?
@POTUS That was a horrible business deal!
but considering we owe México, it is a little one sided. We're at the bottom of the hill. We owe a lot of money to people.
where are we going to get our produce from...with immigrants out...no Mexico... Maybe Canada eh?
do you know what a deficit is? It means US buys more from Mexico than Mexico from US. Not inherently or necessarily bad
You and @IvankaTrump have manufacturing jobs in Mexico and other countries. #Hypocrite #LeadByExample #$$$
you're worried about $60b on a $19t gdp? Businesses depend on those imports. Thought you were a business man!
don't listen to the naysayers .. keep doing what your doing
my #October1991 #birthday a rainy day & n d year of 1991 I was so, so GREAT w/my @BossDaley politics!! Ts way b4 Obama!!
my biography that she presented me my #birthday cake @TrumpChicago cuz GOD made my #October2016 #birthday weather d same as
I was building my GREAT Dem Party #legacy worked at ts loctn 3 @Suntimes which now is @TrumpChicago & Brooke will write in
how about ts deal? U give my fiance/biographer ANGEL from GOD @BrookeBCNN a SPECIAL rate @TrumpChicago cuz @Sneedlings when
can hire me anytime cuz Chicago Mayor #Rahm Emanuel doesn't have a clue that I know my @BossDaley politics real well!! So
That's what d ppl elected U 4 to do GREAT deals!! U know my deal I presented 2 U n #November2015 is open ended meaning U
Trade was free only one way-out of Mexico-Amer. taxes going into Mexico were ridiculous. Our Reps. did this to us.
I was victim of and can name over 100 companies that had to shut down because of NAFTA. Some moved offshore-didn't work
https://goo.gl/RdhsQd 
@POTUS do you know anything?
Don't forget the $2 trillion we lose to tax fraud and evasion committed by Wall St CEOs/hedge-fund billionaires.
The US has $10 trillion deficit with Wall St crooks for bailing out Wall St crime in the wake of the '08 financial crash.
you are a fud trip
NAFTA ruined my hometown. Lots of jobs shipped away.
send the debt to china
mexico is run by criminals and a drug war. end their drug war, and relations with mexico will heal.
85% of jobs lost between 2000 & 2010 are attributable to technological change according Ball State U study. Solution?
Not as massive as your ego!
Illinois is in a deficit and wont make a budget. Make them!!!!
why didnt hilary get puniched
i agree with you you know what you are doing great job standing with you
i am for your dicisions
BUT it pales compared with $Billions increase in trade both ways so STOP Dissing Mexico
@POTUS President of the US takes off on every weekend ?? Lol !!
Bill Mexico for all the tax dollars used to help his illegal citizens. He will get it from the cartels.
did anyone fact ckeck this?
They can pay for half the wall we pay for other.But take all your illegals back! Now.. We made Mexico what it is today
