It's very nice of you to point out that pivotal moment in history in 1889 when North Dakota had been named a state but South Dakota was waiting in the wings to be named hours later. I'm sure you knew that, having used a card with a 39 star flag. Which actually never existed....
what does this have to do with Melania's Birthday!!!! Not criticizing just curious!!!!
Probably 2 little 2 late. Presidents age in the #WhiteHouse quickly. I’ve never seen the job take it’s toll on the family. #poorBarron never smiles, #slimetrails left by your other #spawn, and then there is the woman with acute #StockholmSydrom. I actually feel sad 4 her.
@Rose4Justice It doesn't hurt to be kind!
From me and mine, we wish our @FLOTUS, Melania Trump the BEST BIRTHDAY EVER! Stay true, stay strong
America thanks you both!!
No it does not
BREAKING: New FBI text between Strzok and Page -- PLOT: After Comey Firing, FBI’s Strzok Texts That It’s Time to Open Up Criminal Case “We’ve Been Waiting On” Now That McCabe is Running FBI
happy birthday to our amazing first lady, Melania Trump! thank you for all you did to show such wonderful hospitality to our French visitors. there are so many people in this country who support you. enjoy your day!
Duly campaign  13 years old girl 28 million
Happy Birthday #GodBlessYou & #GodBlessMe & #GodBlessTheUSA #Love #Light #God  #Gratitude #ThankYouForYourService from this #ProudAmericanDreamer you are a #RoleModel for #Generations #StandProud #IGotYourSix #GirlPower
Happy Birthday to the most beautiful FLOTUS inside and out! May God bless you always! We share the same birthday
Happy birthday to you 
Thank you!
Are U kidding? This is the best U can do for your wife? U put more effort to tweet about SNL, Hamilton, Fox, Nordstrom, etc. #WorstHusband
-He clearly subcontracted the job of crafting that tweet. He can't photoshop.
Probably had person who did photoshop write that very "personal" message. I mean, those 2 words, Happy Bday, U don't just say that to anyone
Happy happy birthday to a truely beautiful lady!!
I see you're maintaining that lordly 'Man in front' position. Just as it should be huh? 

It's Melania's day. You get all the rest!!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Mrs Trump !!!
Happy birthday, Melania. Sorry your husband is a jerk.
Happy birthday, beautiful!
Give her the gift she'd really love: a divorce and a $50mil payout. #FreeMelania!

VOTE AND RETWEET: Where should @realDonaldTrump stick his golf clubs?
You mean Ivanka
Happy Birthday Melania. The #TrumpTrain loves you.
Happy Birthday. Enjoy Your Day.
Happy birthday
Who's that bint?
Who??

"...I'm definitely not a puppet." - @TheTrumpPuppet #Trump @realDonaldTrump #DonaldTrump #TheTrumpPuppet #Politics https://youtu.be/y_jVL8ZwNkI  
Happy B-Day, Melania! Girl, our husband tried to take money away from NYC. Maybe you can be of comfort to him, Judge said NO
GREAT DAY. GREAT LADY.
Happy Birthday @FLOTUS !
Fuck her
Much love darling one!
Just as beautiful as ever :)
Troupe
Happy Birthday Melania so very proud of you !! God Bless you!!
Poor woman 
Did you have to tweet her because Melania is in New York & won't live with you in the White House?
She is in New York so Barron can finish out the school year, Einstein. But I'm sure you already knew that.
Imagine my devastation. How will I ever sleep tonight?
Still delusional
If I was she this would anger me.  Happy Birthday Malania
 The POTUS got it right this time !!! The FLOTUS is AWESOME !!! Happy Birthday !!! 
I would like @FLOTUS so much more if she showed better judgement when picking a mate.
Happy Birthday First Lady. We are praying for you and your family.
Happy Birthday @FLOTUS
amazing how many liberals can even be angry and bitter about birthday wishes. So many are just bad human beings.
First Trophy-Wife Of The United States
I wonder how you ignored her today?
Happy Birthday@FLOTUS Blessings to you this your special day.
Happy Birthday @FLOTUS , Melania!
This should have been your FIRST Tweet today. It would have been if we had a gentleman for President. SMH
Awww, so cute. Your intern photoshopped a birthday card for your "so-called" wife who's hundreds of miles away from you…
I bet she really loves this, Donald. It must feel especially good for her to be reaffirmed that she's First Lady (as opposed to Ivanka).
You're draining money from taxpayers w your reckless lifestyle. $3 million/weekend Mar-a-Lago—$308k/day NYC security
You know it's bad when the WH has to issue statements on behalf of Melania saying she's not miserable w you lol
…the thing is, these WOULD all be personal issues that are none of the public's interests, BUT this costs us $304,000/DAY—we're tired of it.
Your problems are now the country's & you have a LOT of them… maybe there's hope Melania will give you the finger tho & release your taxes.
Your supporters say they're fine w gov't wasting $ as long as it goes to your lavish lifestyle… let them pay for it!
If Trump REALLY wants to build a wall, he should start a GoFundMe & let his supporters pay for it… & one for his vacations while he's at it.
In all seriousness, you better get back to work. Your first 100 days aren't looking good—at all…
Every time @FLOTUS gets a mention notification from you.
LOL
How sweet of you to wish her a happy birthday from three states away.
She was most likely thrilled that he was!
Absolutely love that you took this opportunity to post a picture that is mostly about you.
You sure you don't like this better?
Wow you really worked on that tweet! Lol how long did it take 2cut and paste and tweeted 3 times?Why not do something useful with your time!
I doubt it took him long. Probably less time than it took u 2 read it. Maybe you r the one mismanaging time & shld find something useful.
Yes. Happy Birthday to the woman who loves me so much she's barely around. To the woman I always leave behind when we're walking. Love you!


Happy Birthday @MELANIATRUMP You do America PROUD every day. Thank you for your sacrifices for America.
Gosh, it's too bad you didn't get her a present! After all, it is obvious she needs a lot of new dresses!
Happy Birthday Melania.  You are a great first lady.    Donald, you better step up...LOL...
Buy her a piece of Rockefeller art coming up at auction
A Happy and Blessed Birthday To you...
Happy Birthday to our beautiful and elegant First Lady
Better buy her a major piece of glitter for putting up with all the grief she has to deal with.
Happy birthday day gracious Lady!
Happy   Birthday Mélania
Guelton Naima
How she happy  with  sexual 28 woman  you too means for women's
Happy Birthday! 
@Rose4Justice Happy Birthday to the beautiful First Lady, Melania Trump!
Happy Birthday Mrs First Lady
Happy Belated Birthday to First Lady Melania Trump!!  You're not only beautiful on the outside but also on the inside and I know you will teach Barron that beauty!! He and the rest of the Trump family are so lucky!!!!
oh please give me a break
For her birthday gift did you just guarantee that you won't live with her for at least another year?
Will she be blowing out the candles on one of your most beautiful chocolate bomb Syria cakes?
Oh here we go.  Another comedian turned political hack who thinks he’s funny 
Happy blessed birthday to the most beautiful First Lady ever inside and out
Embarrassed for all the hateful jerks that leave such stupid rude stuff as you try to get us out of the mess the country is in
you couldn’t have said anymore about your wife other than she’s the First Lady?? :/
@Rose4Justice I think he thanks her everyday as she definitely lives a lifestyle most could only imagine and that says a lot!
SHE NEEDS A NEW HUSBAND FOR HER BIRTHDAY. SHE COULD HAVE ANY BETTER LOOKING MAN THAT SHE WANTED. TRUMP MAKES MY SKIN CRAWL.
@Rose4Justice And, she wanted her husband, Prez Trump who he takes darn good care of her and his children from previous marriage as well! Is it any of your business who she loves and marries?
To The FSOTUS!
So confused about the B-Day wishes for FLOTUS- Ivanka was born in October.
You mean Ivanka, right? And she is not so old that we still had 38 stars on the flag. God, you are beyond stupid.
Happy Birthday to a beautiful lady, mine was yesterday.. April babies are the best!
High class. @FLOTUS makes America proud.
Happy Belated Birthday, Melania! 
So anti-American. A 39 STAR FLAG!
You mean #FakeFLOTUS.
39 was when she went over his approved 'hotness' age. She was too old at 40... Now? He's still got @IvankaTrump.
Wow no I love you to his wife?? This is a real man wishes his wife a Happy Birthday. #FakeMarriage with @FLOTUS vs. #RealLove @BarackObama

Oh. Is it Ivanka's birthday?

Happy birthday Melania
I love that some graphic designer hates you enough to have used a fake version of the flag that could never have existed; it's so "you".
Hbd to 'our first lady'... not to be rude Mr. Trump, you could make the effort to call her your wife?
Happy Birthday!! All The Best!!♡♡♡♡♡♡
Happy late birthday Melania!
If being a democrat means being as mean as all of you are, I will never join your group. You need to get on with your life; Be a grown-up!
May your birthday be full of joy & happyness. Happy dbay first lady..god bless you.
this is as bad as the time my husband brought me a seed spreader from the reuse zone for Mother's Day!
cONGRATULATIONS 2 Melania TRAMP
Ya, some First "Lady" - NOT!
Here's the original un-photoshopped pic,  U . Worry about your own First Lady: Justin.
its always the hairy sadly unsightly Canadian feminazis throwing shade 
@FLOTUS A little late Happy Birthday you make all of us proud.
You are ADORED by our Nation and The World.  May you celebrate your Birthday with joy, and may you celebrate many, many more in Peace, Prosperity and Good Health.
The Happiest of Birthday Wishes to Melania and. All Best Wishes for your family.
What's up with the 39 star flag?
39 stars on the Flag?! That's the 3rd time this has been used. Someone's clip art needs updated. Never has been an official 39 star Flag. 
I'm sure she likes to remember the day when you humiliated her on camera before the entire world.
Happy birthday to our FABULOUS first lady! She makes us VERY proud. #MAGA #Americafirst #thankyoutrump
#39Stars Yup... #incompetence
Happy Birthday! We love you!
Does the president wear a wedding ring.  Hmmmmm
Actually that's between him & his First Lady! Not the Nation's business!
Just happened to notice and your absolutely right!
She doesn't want to be there with you. What does that tell you?
That the best u can do, all ur going 2 say? U have 2 B in that pic?Can it be about her for 1 day? Did u get her a present?
Happy birthday Melania Good bless you!
We haven't seen this type of classy lady in the lady 8 years
Congratulations to you and your family for your decision to stop wearing fur.  The animals who suffer and die also thank you bigly.
Happy Birthday, Melania! Thank you for all that you do for us.
11 stars short of an American flag.  You even stiffed her on America.  Ass.

Most beautiful, elegant, poised, and brilliant First Lady our country has ever had. As someone said yesterday, “she’s a National Treasure”! Happy Birthday! 
HAHAHAHA, only 39 stars on your flag.  Do you need a history lesson.  So #sad
Happy belated birthday greetings to Melania!
thanks you Mr president may you lived long sir
The optics of Trump leaving Melania in the background are not good.I don't mean treating her like an invalid ... just show a little respect.
But why is the tweetering the ONLY way you recognize my birthday? You are the sad loser
You forgot she is your immigrant wife
who?????
I like her almost naked pregnant picture.  Really shows off how classy you and your family are.
Why does this flag only have 39 stars? We have 50 states, you nincompoop! Get a book and read about our history.
he doesn't even refer to her as his wife
Give her what she's been asking for, an Uncontested Divorce with limited and supervised visitation with Baron.
Fino- flotus in name only
Why does the US flag pictured here only have 39 stars? Don't you know how many stars are on the flag??
Melania hates you and wishes she had someone else as a husband. She only tolerates you for the money.
A very Happy Birthday to the flotus!! I know that I am probably a day late, sorry!
if Trump is president, surely it should be #FLATUS
 @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS Happy birthday lovely   from Australia 
Happy Birthday FLOTUS Melania, WE THE PEOPLE love you and thank God for you...you’re doing a wonderful job for us!!! 
Alimony, alimony payin' your bills
Livin', lovin', she's just a woman
When your conscience hits, you knock it back with pills.   Zepplin
God bless you and your family Mr. President! And Happy birthday to you Melania! MAGA!
#flotus @ #potus #scrotum
I feel so bad reading all this stuff below.Stupid people is All i can say.I'm sorry for them.Keep up the good work.
I agree 100%
 
Me = LIKEY
 
Followback + DM if you have any cartoon or meme ideas.
 
Fellow patriots' ideas are always welcome in my world.
Wow so romantic. I would think you would say happy birthday to my beautiful wife. Store bought cards are more romantic.
I hope you had a very nice Birthday :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MELANIA!! - MY FAVORITE FLOTUS!!! ♡ - Hope u had a wonderful birthday ♡♡♡♡♡♡♡
Happy birthday to the MOST BEAUTIFUL FLOTUS ever in the history of USA. LOVE U, MELANIA.
WANT TO SAVE THE USA $ TRUMPKINS?  STAY IN THE White House OR SHUT THE F UP ABOUT SAVING MONEY.  Pay your own way, ever?????
So the 39 star flag means? And it's her birthday - why are you front and center in the picture --
Yea yea whatever - show us your taxes
Happy B Day
Poor Poor Melania.  Although she must not be that smart if she's married to you.  #NotMyPresident
Dude. She is not that into you. Face facts.
Happy birthday to a beautiful woman.  All of America shines thru you and your good heart.  Thank you.
About as detached as every neo-conservative in America.  Title and lip service.  No love, no admiration, no graciousness to your wife.  Cold
Super! My Birthday, My Granddaughters Birthday & even J.C. was born in April too! A lot of Super People R born in April! Congrats Melania!
Happy birthday to first lady Mr President!!
Happy birthday Melania!
I usually post a personal msg, like "I love you, Happy Birthday Melania". I think people know she's sort of the FLOTUS.
#freemelania
Do you think she married you for your money? Could it be for your looks, age, small hands and small other things!
Uh oh, I think Melania is going to be deported, if we follow Trump policy:
FLOTUS describes a first lady to a president not a trophy wife lol. happy birthday Melania sorry u got stuck with Trumpo,
well i bet she did at the time lol. but she looks like she wants to kill someone daily now. i mean know doubt she is smarter than him
That's smarter than he sweetie
Why does the American flag only have 39 stars on Melania's card? Do you even know how many states are in America? #dumbdonald
The First Lady who has done NOTHING! Terrible! Sad!  Only thing she has done and cost millions in security in NY!
Sad He didn't address her as his wife.  #nofucksgivenhere.  Shame on you as a husband
That Inauguration Day outfit was a harbinger of fashion choices to come- Melania always looks so chic and effortlessly elegant!
Very beautiful family! Camelot all over again! Thanks America
Wow! And all this time I thought our 1st Lady was Ivanka!
