I voted for you but not your daughter. She has no right being in politics nor her Jew husband.

No- I think he's total left just playing it up cause he has too!!
The trump family should be committed.
You hang in there Ivanka don't let them get you down
Bwahahhahahhaaaaa..........
not that we ever had Ivanka, but we reeeeely lost Ivanka now. norquist and ivanka, a beast not even the devil could fabricate
You mean " to keep working "
I’m sorry, do you work here? New phone, who dis
Please, for the love of God, STOP with the pretenses. She, like the rest of her corrupt family, are only interested in lining their pockets.
You are only out for your family

RT @GOP: .@IvankaTrump: This administration is committed to keeping working families at the forefront of our agenda.http...
Enjoy your freedom while it lasts
How the hell did you get my email. The survey? My answer is OTHER. He sucks! I haven't slept in 8 months.
I got the same email! Absolutely a joke of a survey.
How did they get our email addresses?
Beats. Me.
Bullshit @IvankaTrump you backed your for to take away equal for women  you are a #fraud just like him #ImpeachTrump #TheResistance
@IvankaTrump Then why did you pull support for data gathering on wages?
With the fustercluck that is the @realDonaldTrump presidency, shouldn't he have qualified political advisors?

Tell me again, what are your qualifications, experience, history???
Licking daddy's derrière! It's nauseating to witness them fawning over each other. Sick of the Fake Princess Ivanka act.
@IvankaTrump is a fraud. #TrumpGrifter
RT @GOP: .@IvankaTrump: This administration "is" committed to keeping working families at the forefront of our agenda.
https://t.co/rHqFqU…
Oh we're at the forefront of your agenda all right. You're planning ways of robbing us.
Ivanka Needs to Sit in a Locked Office & DO SOME WORK instead of Prancing Her PLASTIC Self & Fake Smile Whenever a Camera is  Rolling!
The IRS is way too big and militant!  The IRS targeted conservative Christians @LoisLerner !  They must go!
NOBODY voted for her! She should not be in the White House! Nepotism!
MR. PRESIDENT = AT HAVE LUNCH W/ PAUL-RYAN TODAY WOULD U DELIVER OUR MESSAGE ?? U HAVE HAD 8-MONTHS & DONE NOTHING - N 2018 WE'LL KICK U OUT
1M US citizens in Puerto Rico are w/o power. The island has been devastated. A Category 5 hurricane will likely hit Miami. And u tweet this
GOP out of touch 
She is just as out of touch as daddy, and takes after him with her lies.
White House gender pay gap more than triples under Trump - The Washington Post
Trump’s Cabinet So Far Is More White and Male Than Any First Cabinet Since Reagan’s - The New York Times
100 Days, 100 Ways the Trump Administration Is Harming Women and Families - Center for American Progress
New Stirrings in Trump’s Assault on Women’s Equality and Reproductive Freedom
Trump escalates the war on women - The Washington Post
Defunding Planned Parenthood Would Leave Poor And Rural Women Without Care: CBO |
White House council for women and girls goes dark under Trump - POLITICO
Meanwhile... Justin Trudeau: We must promote more women to positions of power |
Awesome! It is about time! Proud to have voted for an America First President!
Nope. Rich white people only First. Although he loves rich Saudis!
Ok whatever you say lol
#Novanka
No you're not or your daddy wouldn't have cut DACA, which keeps families together. Grow up.

All lies right there. Let me help you: this administration is committed to screwing over anyone who is not white, rich and male.
Norquist, the man that had all GOP congressman to sign no tax increase promise before they even got into office? Good pairing -not.
You mean like this? Actions speak louder than words. In other words, you're all full of shit! 
We're sick to death of #PrincessRoyal. I hear she pissed off @GOP leaders by merely entering the room. must have been a camera beckoning her
The only family that corrupt snake has on her agenda is her own. @GOPHouse why hasn't the Oversight Committee thrown her corrupt butt out?
Ivanka and Jared are going to jail. Mueller is coming!
Why woul you retweet this? You know what "refundable" tax credits are? Govt welfare. And this would end up costing taxpayers more
Like monster liar father @realDonaldTrump like daughter @IvankaTrump! Your factories are abroad, you stealing American jobs! SHUT UP!
As heartless @realDonaldTrump so @IvankaTrump! Betrayed hard working ppl, eliminated EQUAL pay for all so SHUT UP! LIARS, SELFISH FAMILY!

By raising taxes to fund a tax break for the wealthy?
By repealing #ACA with no replacement so a major medical hardship can bankrupt them?
Except if there wages are reduced or their job lost to an illegal alien working in the country thanks to the Dream Act.
Grover Norquist. This is even worse than before. He is as heartless as Bannon

Great, @IvankaTrump has a new agenda of bullshit that she doesn't believe in since that pro-women thing turned out to be bullshit.

His so called "humor" is so distasteful, so not funny #creepy#eewww
Then why is @IvankaTrump having her products manufactured in China and Ethiopia and not in America? #Hypocrite!!
She is a chip on hold block, just like her narcissistic, self-absorbed, selfish, arrogant, sexual deviant father @realDonaldTrump!
This administration is solely focused on keeping on #Trump's personal interests at the forefront of their agenda!
There is nothing "bishoppy" about you except for a foul mouth and a disgusting attitude towards Gods commadment to respect your leader.Shame
GOP family agenda 

-Take away affordable healthcare 
-End #DACA & split up families 
-Don't teach about birth control 
-Keep poor ppl poor
Does it trigger you to realize that Ivanka has a much better chance of being the first woman President of the United States, Skippy?
I don't want to be president, I have a career. But it's so kind of you to take my feelings into consideration, I really appreciate it.
And just who elected her? Stop this nonsense and get her and other family members out! Not qualified!
Sort of like Valerie Jerrett?  No one elected her, but still
And Valerie Jerrett (sic) was related to who in the Obama administration?
Appointed,  not elected.
5 U.S. Code § 3110(b) - Employment of relatives; restrictions https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/5/3110 …
Ivanka's appointment is illegal.
But paid, that is how hillary Clinton got by, I believe
Hillary Clinton is totally irrelevant in this. Like, seriously, nobody is even thinking about Hillary. Ivanka's appointment is illegal.
When you appoint someone that is related to you, that is relevant. ( when bill was pres)How can you not see that?
Translation: Working families you will be screwed next.
@realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump go away little rich girl
HA
No one cares what the entitled Princess of Outsourcing thinks.
Committed, just not actually doing anything that helps them. You are dropping programs they need.
Let me get this right - Ivanka, part of a working family, is at the forefront of your agenda?  BAD.

You rep wealthy working families, not middle class, working poor. 
#FauxEconomics
Too bad the GOP is unwilling to help the agenda. Just doing nothing, tax payer waste

Uman rights
Donald Trump Jr.'s statement to Senate investigators is bad news for his dad
Anything with the name Donald Trump is bad news.
She had lost all credibility - or at least what little she had!
Just the trump family! You're as bad as "daddy!"

these tax cuts will harm working people and mothers with children. Ivanka is a hack
So how do you explain Daca?

committed to #lies #hypocrisy #narcissism just like her father, #LiarInChief @realDonaldTrump
Ivanka - sell-out, spoiled brat, liar, sweatshop owner, design rip-off fake, criminal, amoral, needs to be deported before #DACA kids.
Is DADDY behind you on this topic. Nice that DADDY lets you walk in on oval office meetings. Nice that DADDY show you off on stage. SICK
In hospital terms, we call her, the whole administration FOS-full of s*#t.
*This administration is committed to keeping white families at the forefront of our agenda.*
There. I fixed it for you.
#LoisLearner #LOCKHERUP
JW found #FBI docs showing that the compromised #DOJ investigation looked the other way on Obama’s #IRS criminality.
http://jwatch.us/sC8zbu 
Oh, please -- no one cares what this plastic, soulless enabler of her traitorous daddy says.
Fake. News.
Says the billomaie
Too bad the @GOP isn't. Cut taxes and repeal Obamacare!

She was born a male. She is a transgender. Very easy to research if you dont believe it.
How are working families served by pursuing an amnesty program guaranteed to increase illegal immigration? Wall? Mark me as off the Train
what a joke! Are you trying your hand at comedy because you know this is very far from the truth!!
As u.s. military I support your effort and now, can you walk and look at the VA people, just recently faced another obstacle.
Even if you signed for a health insurance there is no guarantee that will be applied by the VA hospital.
What abt all those single mom's that need equal pay?
Unless a woman is the breadwinner, because screw them and their desire for equal pay and body autonomy.
Ivanka is no better than the Little Man. She's a hypocritical liar who cares only about her cash flow.
Um, no. Absolutely not.
Agenda title: #Trump Degrades
#WorkingFamilies
#Dreamers
#AffordableCareAct
#ClimateChange
#StudentLoans
#EqualPay
#MAGA
Nope

And from my left hand
hahahahaha i support you all the way dude!
LOL. #Traitor.
Yes, making sure working families are more vulnerable is a well-understood theme of the administration. We've got your number. #Resist
I voted for Donald NOT Ivanka or Jared!!!!!!!
Are you for real with this shit?
Excellent young business woman.
I wish Ivanka and Jared leave their liberal mentality out of the White House. I know they're family BUT.,.
Hopefully the working families of America dont have college age daughters because this admin just told them those young ladies mean nothing!

Then, keep promises NO DACA, BUILD the WALL and enforce immigration laws!
Yeah, as tools for your self-serving agenda.
Clueless. She has no concept that we all know she has zero to offer on any subject . Sad.
If only @IvankaTrump & @jaredkushner were as committed to keeping AMERICAN working families at the forefront more than Illegals! #NoDACA
I swear we may see a TOTAL reversal of character with #Trump just for the dramatic story. He was ALT-R led astray. FULL party change. #MAGA
Annnnnd ... Norquist crawls back out from under his rock ... the author of drown gov't in a bathtub!
So you can more easily pick their pockets to further enrich the wealthy who could care less about the USA.
Giving the rich a tax break does not help the poor or middle class. Phony, fraud that you care. Care would be opening free childcare centers
i think she really needs a good
Fake news
As that ur meleses uman rights rever now to billd ur hisbtetal setting up an nhs fowdashon
Which is why literally everything they do is about comforting the already comfortable and afflicting the afflicted. She's a con woman.
I will believe it when I see it. You failed on healthcare now get Trump's tax plan passed

I am sad to say that I have some doubts
why?
Several reasons and yes I am comitted Trump supporter, Gorka letter, Daca handling, McMasters, and not so sure about Kush
Nobody cares about this person @IvankaTrump
What a crock. No one believes the lies you tell.
And just sits there, nods her head and then does what Daddy wants.
... he has claimed to care so much about who will be crushed under foot, along with all those to whom life has not been kind nor fair.
To think of all the people with real qualifications who could have Ivanka's office #MAGA #draintheswamp
Working hard to make sure most of the tax cuts go to the super rich. You go girl!
No Iran OK Pisy  Yugo
Grover Norquist. Known worldwide for his dedication to "working families."  On another planet.
I would love an opportunity to meet Ivanka, what an inspiration she is
Translated: Our agenda to maximize benefits for the wealthy is feasible by committing to eliminate all programs for working families!#Ivanka
The audacity...
You lost your credibility when you turned against you own sex. No you are nothing but another Trump
While your father is rounding up the DACA people, I am sure you will be working on tax reform.  SHAMEFUL.
You are bought and sold, honey.  You should just sit down and shut up
And she shows this by moving her sweatshops from china at Ethiopia.
LMAO!!!!
.@IvankaTrump: This administration is committed to keeping working families at the forefront of our agenda.
http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/sep/6/ivanka-trump-teams-grover-norquist-faith-and-famil/ …
Giving more illegals a free pass is certainly how to do that. One TERM must be enough.
Umm...you haven't remotely helped any of us. You keep hurting us. Stop "helping".
You are a fraud Ivanka. Stop acting as if you cared. Just resign your do nothing position and get ready 4 your entire family to go 2 prison.
This admin is only concerned with itself How much they can take steal pilfer or enrich themselves before found out.
Hey Ivanka!! What about equal pay for women you liar!!! Family full of incompetent liars!!!
Without inherited wealth, you'll probably one of the #Resistance fighting for what is right! Stop being #Complicit Get a real job out of WH!
@realDonaldTrump    Who in the hell are you in our government??  Your credentials are making shoes & clothes in other countries.
No one should get a free ride. Illegal is illegal. No one on benefits should b able to stay. I am tired of my tax money going to illegals
Give tough jobs to Americans save on social security to add to military budget and get more tax from workers to keep war industry going.
No matter what she does she can't clean off the stain of being a Trump.  It will always show through.
Mrs. Kushner, I thought you weren't going to be involved in politics.  Who is taking care of your kids while you're out travelling with dad?
she's lying, her husband helped the Dems. undercover with DACA.
Give me a break!
I guess if the Prop tweets it, it must be true.
I just don't think that's true. I think you're dedicated to lowering tax revenue, thus government investment in public goods & services.
No one cares what she says.  "our agenda", she does not work for our government and she does not speak for Americans.
They'll that to the cucus in the GOP!!
トランプ大統領日本の女性が海外旅行でレイプされ、日本の行政も手を出せず、苦しんでいると言う訴えが、facebook でなされました大統領の娘さんと同じような若い女性達がレイプされ苦しんでいます調査してください
Daddy, will you retweet nonsense about me?
Just HOW are you keeping working families and women in the forefront? Evens like working women are just going to remain lower than men..
Bullshit! Get the hell outta here!
Retweeting this surely gave him a stiffie. 
She is not an elected person she speaks for no one.
Dim wit adds her two cents.
By putting an unqualified, il educated kid, in a position of power, by using nepotism, rather than earning a position.
please this beotch knows nothing of the avg working woman, has she ever struggled to pay bills and feed her kids spare me.
Like giving taxbreaks 2 the rich and cutting foodstamps 4 Walmart workers & keeping sweatshop workers in chains. Capitalism is a cancer.
#ProsperityKhristianity, @GroverCleveland and you will do nothing for working families. Your agenda is to get richer & no one else matters.
Before or after she rapes the United States for as much money as she can make???????
The @GOP is now part of Comedy Central nice joke thank you 
The president's daughter continues to pretend her father has the best interests of anyone but himself, his family and friend matter.
Ivanka is a FAILURE & LIAR just like daddy Warbucks. Too bad ur actions don't match ur words. You've done NOTHING for women & families. Liar
Working families are being decimated (sometimes murdered) by illegal aliens, INCLUDING DREAMers. Tax credits & child care won't fix that.
That ur meleses uman rights rever now to bild ur hisbtetal setting up an nhs fowdashon of ur national anthem
@realDonaldTrump They r just totally envious of your dear daughter's strength, beauty, brains, resolve AND!
Circumstances!

Who cares. She never struggled in her life as so many families are doing now. I have NO respect for her or GOP.
Your audacity is amazing.  The little girl who thinks she knows everything.  Just like her father, except people didn't vote for you.
Nor should what they believe work for U.S. unconstitutional mixing religion and legislation.
That equal up Wimans rights
"We'll see"
Oh, in the REAL failing D.C. newspaper
At the forefront of your agenda to transfer wealth from the pockets of wealthy families to your own. Yeah, that's not news.
The presence of Grover Norquist in this story is a very transparent tell: y'all just want to gut government for the benefit of the rich.
We support you @IvankaTrump 
Thanks for all you do for USA. 
God be with you, your father - our @POTUS - and the whole Trump family.
#MAGA
Just go away. You are worthless to us.
