term 'witch' implies you have special powers......you're just a sad individual who lied, cheated and stole your way to the top of Nowhere.
. @realDonaldTrump that is an insult to witches everywhere.
As my republican pop always used to say: "When you've done nothing wrong, you've nothing to fear!"  You are innocent, right? Lol
Do you stand by your President or do you want his impeachment?

Vote now
Do you think President Trump should be impeached?

#trumpimpeachment #TrumpLeaks #trumpgate #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #TrumpRussia #Trump
Nothing you say means anything anymore. Your words are fucking useless and that's REAL assuring to the entire world.
How does it feel, doll? Some have been subjected to similar targeting (smaller scale but heinous none the less) for over a decade. ;}
That was the Clintons and all they got was lying about sex which they'd better not ask you about in depositions because, you know, perjury.
Still have many people's support. Screw the media. No one believes them. Flynn screwed up while working for Obama
Is that like how your inauguration had the single greatest crowd ever?
It is!! I'm over it!! #AMERICAFirst
Yeah? How was your 11-hour interrogation?
Praying for you, your administration and our country
What about Nixon?
GROW UP!!!

How does it feel to have the tables turned on you.  You screwed lots of little guys, now we are screwing you really good.  CALLED KARMA.
JFK was literally shot in the face.
#sethrich was shot twice in the back after leaking Hillary's emails to @wikileaks. #justiceforseth #clintonmob
I am certain Hillary has enough of her own nightmares for all of us combined.  #clintonmob
It will never get old. Hillary committed crimes and should be held accountable as you or I would if we had done the same things. Research!
eruoy ton a naicitilop! Eruoy dlanoD pmurT, aht dab hombre.
@POTUS, your 60-plus million supporters love and respect your strength in adversity and we stand behind YOU and your agenda 100%. #MAGA 
Can u tell me what u think Jesus would appreciate about Trump? I'm formerly Catholic and don't see anything in NT that lines up with Trump.
@POTUS is God’s creation, as is every one of us. God loves DJT just as He loves all of His creation.
I guess he loved Hitler too. And Manson.  And other assorted serial murderers and rapists.
Yeah, what about Judas?
God created Judas so yes, God loved him too.
What is it when god damns someone to Hell? Is that still "love?" How about Satan? He created him too, no?
The Bible says the only unforgivable sin is total rejection/disbelief in God.
President Trump, Your people want to make sure you do not put a Dem as head of the FBI! You need a person who will be on your side! Thanks
you are so right. Democrats have  nothing else.  Due with  our tax  money  so they just need to  be  put in there  place.
Shut up.
this is what happens when your corrupt, the truth will prevail and come out eventually...
Did you just call yourself a witch? I know it!
Keep fighting please!!! You're up against REAL EVIL! Save our country from these pedophile globalists!!! F**K these A**H*LES!!!!
Now if we could just dunk you in water until you tell the truth!
It's disgraceful and ridiculous!! Keep forging ahead Mr.President!!! Screw the #DemocraticNonsense #DividingtheCountry
I seriously doubt that - and even if, it's all self inflicted.
What about Salem????
You mean, other than the dozens you and your friends ran on @BarackObama ?
Oh don't exaggerate other POTUS have been shot, what a drama queen!
You have forgotten the Presidents who were actually hunted, Lincoln, Kennedy, Garfield, McKinley. #revisionisthistory
Elected official John Willard was executed in 1692 for being a witch during an actual witch hunt.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Willard …
At least since 'Birthergate', I can't believe you forgot that one - seeing as you orchestrated it, Donny.
Wow.  Is it painful being that stupid? #LOSER #CheetoBenito #Corrupt #ImpeachTrumpPence #PutinsCockHolder
You suck
Is that rhyming slang?
5 Reasons Barack Obama Will Be Viewed As One Of The Worst Presidents of All Time
This isnt a witch hunt. This is a traitor hunt. You and Benedict Arnold.
we the American people stand with Trump. Against the Democrats, the GOP or any enemy against our president
How Can We Help? Americans Stand Ready To Assist You. Americans Want Justice. We Want Our Country Back. We Will Support You! 
Okay.  why don't you go back where you came from and let's give the country back to native americans.  I'd be down for that.
You first
I was BORN HERE. AMERICA is my HOMELAND & I will fight 4her Nevery way possible. I will not sit idly by&watch her turnN2a socialist country
so no social security? public education? no medicaid or medicare? i think you should look up socialism in a dictionary?
We are a democracy We will never accept Marxist socialism or communism in this country! Peroid.
we are not a democracy if we were hillary would of won.  we are a republic.
Well, ... that explains a LOT!!! 
@POTUS, your 60-plus million supporters love and respect your strength in adversity and we stand behind YOU and your agenda 100%. #MAGA %
Witch hunt? Really? R. Gates is the 5th person who has plead guilty in the Mueller probe:
• Gates
• Flynn 
• Papadopoulos 
• Pinedo 
• Van Der Zwann
This didn't age well.  5 yes 5 of your campaign team has plead guilty!!   Too bad you can't just walk away and give up.   Wait.... you can and you know Pense will pardon you.  Do it for America so we can get back to being great.

FIVE GUILTY pleas including your deputy campaign manager, SO FAR.

This is no witch hunt, it's the American justice system working.

Clearly you have #SomethingToHide 
#LockThemAllUp #KremlinKlan
Stop acting so guilty!


Whodathunk we’d find so many witches?  https://twitter.com/sethabramson/status/967125456666415106 … #TrumpsCoven
Sounds about right, given you are the single greatest threat to our country in American history. #MAGA
Jail Obama for spying on American jail Clifton for treason get rid of him them
Democrat party they are at the next Communist Party down with communism
Actions speak louder than words, how much taxpayer money have you spent in the secret service while you family lived in New York, trips to Mar Lago, how much time not working...a disgrace to the people of the United States!!!
And soon we will catch the Wicked Witch of the West. 
Be afraid, @realDonaldTrump, be very afraid. 

#HighTreason
#DeathPenaltyForTrump
For someone who protests too much that he's innocent of any wrongdoing, you sure do act guilty. Actions DO speak louder than words.
Go to http://www.youtube.com  and look at all the complaints you had about Obama: all his Executive Orders,  his Golf Trips, then look at your book: The Art of Distraction! You don't even know the National Anthem! Quit wasting our money and got to work!
This witch hunt sure does seem to be turning up quite a few witches.
Just once admit when you make a mistake or done something wrong and maybe the American people will have hope for you!!! You cannot, a leader leads by example not by praising themself!!!
Rick Gates is now the 5th person who has plead guilty in the Mueller probe:
• Gates
• Flynn 
• Papadopoulos 
• Pinedo 
• Van Der Zwann

Gates is the 3rd member of the Trump campaign who has plead guilty. Hmmmmmmm.....
#mueller #shawshank #norepemption

Why haven’t you asked NSA admiral Mike Rogers to do ALL that is necessary to stop Russian interference in our government? You are failing in your duties to protect US citizens and our democracy.  What is your problem dealing with Russia? Why are you so terrified of Putin?
Athletes and celebrities are all about promoting themself, but when they think they think going to the White House will hurt their image, maybe the President should ask why? The Snake Oil doesn't work, so work one year with no vacation!!
Do we still burn it hem at the stake? Asking for a friend.
And it's also the single greatest CORRUPTION of a President and administration in history.
5 people have pleaded guilty for  conspiracy against the United States   so it's not a witch hunt   5 people you hired are going to jail for being traitors to America   your America first slogan is a lie   you hired people who side with Putin like I do
5 guilty singing birds disagree Heretical Treason shit hole.
Nope. Nope it wasn't/isn't. #Gates #AnotherOneBitesTheDust
If he's not a witch, actually wore lock, what does he have to fear?

U r never the victim, always the victimizer. 
No sympathies for lifetime of Kriminality.
I hope you are choking on those words!
You're not a politician, you're an outsider B-List Celebrity... remember??
You could just resign. 
Because....
you know...
....You're terrible at it...and...well You're TERRIBLE at it...
Said the witch
How long did it take for Puerto Rico to have power? They have couple dozen paper towels and taxpayers have a big bill for your phoney propoganda...we are not that stupid!
Another yuge lie. Liar in Chief.
Your mentor Roy Cohn was involved in an actual witch hunt.
Just resign, perhaps Mueller will spare your family the humiliation of their own moments in front of a judge.
Trump  can no longer deny it, they have plenty of proof! The only reason you are President is  because they needed a weak person in the office, that is why you won. Russia knew they would not be able to control Hillary Clinton. She is too smart. You have a love fest with Putin!
Sure is a lot of indictments and guilty pleas for a witch hunt.
Just a thought...@realDonaldTrump for President in 20/20 a clearer vision for America.  J.A.B.
We do not live this corrupt, lting President
Time is up for you and your swamp creatures.
turn yourself in.
you'll get a lighter sentence.
This witch hunt really has a lot of indictments and guilty pleas. I mean, for a witch hunt.
GOOD!
yes, and they still haven't found anything on Hillary.  meanwhile, at Trump University we have: Stormy Daniels, Russian collusion, white supremacy, and away with women's rights while you use your daughter to say you're promoting women's rights.
Isn’t it amazing that everyone is lying except for the known liar.
Did you forget about that whole birther thing that who started? Oh yeah, that you started. Shame on you.
