


That's a framer!
So it was America first, to hell with  the rest of the world, no need for strategic alliances and investment in diplomatic staffing now this
We have the most qualified leader in History! Sooner @GOP @SenateGOP STOP fighting & substituting their WILL for WTP's/ & TRUMP the faster we continue 2 #MAGA
You do realise that behind your back they're all laughing at you?  They think you're a vindictive oaf, with the mental capacity of a wombat.
Imagine if he did realise that. Just imagine the wonders that could happen. Humility instead of hubris, sense instead of nonsense ...
You can't teach an old dog......anything.  Anything at all.   Trump has been shitting in the same place for his whole life; he won't change.
We knew this. America knew this. And yet ... still, after the Emmys Spicer moment, I'm starting to think America deserves this crap.
Christ, yes!   Utterly shocking - 'it's all good fun, really'.  I like to think that if he turned up at the BAFTAs the hall would empty.
I *think* it would be. I hope it would be. Though with Boris and JRM, we have our own monstrous great twats who think they're entertaining.
#WorstPresidentEver
I didn't vote for you and yet I feel embarrassed every time you speak or tweet.
Go pres
The at home photo shoot officer Wilkinson and then your warring with step-son Philip. Go rage on yourself.  #Bruceisgay
I want give you a biggest praise! It is a message from china people .

Hah! What do you know about peace and harmony??? 
It's too late for you buddy boy. You're going down! You're the worst President in history....and Mueller will prove it
Nice video, but it's no pee tape....

Go to bed
You first. 
Good God, man baby, take your dump, and go to bed...

Lovely
The world is laughing at you
#MAGA
We finally have a leader that isn't afraid to stand up for us! Thank you Potus, we're behind you all the way ! #MAGA 
#UnitedNations
Mueller
Keep dreaming!
It's not a dream
Someone at NATO said you have a contract with Melania so she doesn't dump you during presidency.  Sad!
try not to embarrass the nation.  Again I mean.
#EvilEvilMan
try and be civil for once and stop embarrassing your country
Was it good for you? ;)
No pushing anyone this time?  What's an improvement!
Trump is cruising to a 2020 PRESIDENTIAL WIN 
Ha ha! You will have to wave at him from outside prison. IF he isn't kept in solitary cause a lot of our black and Latinos bros hate him :).
The fact you imply "blacks and Latinos" are in prison seems very racist! Surely prisons have  whites and Asians as well?
Seriously dude, keep up with the facts. The ONLY races the Racist in Chief has not attacked are Whites and Asians. Why? Because he thinks...
#DefundUN
Go to bed
The prestige of the United States is hostage to ignorant naive unsophisticated narcissistic know-nothing fool saying stupid words in public.
Is your guilty conscience keeping you up  late? I forgot you have no conscience, heart, or compassion. My bad. You are probably constipated.
Honestly to whomever is producing these ridiculous propaganda videos please go back to film school
They are genuinely awful genuflections to the dear leader.
We The Ppl Agree with you President Trump Thank You! Prayers That God Stop the Obstructionist and the Corrupt Socialist. 
Vladimir Putin will never stop stealing from the Russian people.
The DT administration has done absolutely nothing to please Russia - all they've done is piss them off.
Congress tied his hands. Russia sanction were suppose to start 10/1. #45 still hasn't  implimented them. Congress sent him letter. Crickets
Nope he doesn't want to pissed Putin off. Gets his money from who? Not US banks. they won't give him the time. 4 bankruptcies.
According to me, this tweet is mathematically similar to this one from September 2012: https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/248879136137957376 …
Go to freaking bed , our country doesn't need you !
The ghost of Manaforts Indictment gets closer*
Block me? I just wanna see if you'll do it 
Thanks 
If I were you, I'd resign rather than facing criminal charges. But that's just me and I'm sane.
Oh he'll still be criminally charged but at least he won't dishonor the office if he has to be dragged out in handcuffs.
Personally I'd prefer another exit. But since it's ok to shoot somebody in the face but not mention assassination I can't comment. :/

This is a guy who discriminates agst black people in his housing. He gropes women. He cheats on his wives. He is no man of God.
Lisette, don't forget that Trump cheats his vendors and shorts them on their payment--in some cases not even paying them.





So proud of you President Trump. I see n hear you growing from a business tycoon, to a strong n fair leader. So glad I voted Trump! 
The right man at the right time.
We.
Indeed Mr. Vance, indeed.
Remember this?
We most definitely got this one right. 
Out of 13 starters we elected a real leader.
@POTUS
Amen Mr. Vance, amen ..
How embarrassing
I'm n
Interesting!
The tens of thousands of people at the mother of all rallies #MOAR in support of #DonaldTrump
This is better?!
Oh and of course this friendly shopping spree..
Nice!
A midnight tweet.  Something is about to happen... oh yeah a Manafort indictment!
SPECIAL "SNOWFLAKES" ALERT
Please resign.
The poor United Nations having to put up with you being there. You are a national embarrassment.
UN is not one of your business to bankrupt so let that chick, as you know Hailey, speak and just go watch TV like a good boy.
Convert White House to COAL, since you love it so much. #climatechange #DCPublicSchools  #TinaFey
Mr President you need to fire MCMASTERS and Mueller right now #MAGA
resign
This isn't reality tv. Stop self promoting, try to not kill us all and the planet in the next 3.5 years. Then the next will correct!
So proud of our leader. Thank you President Trump
No globalism.....
d('∀'*)
Oh wow!  This did include one scene that wasn't you.
I made it and a semi-soldier destroyed it because a refugee made it but he didn't know what was it
You're a joke
nuke the world! yay. deplorable.
Donny got a livestream photo op! Now we can see him embarrass the US in real time since that's what LYING RACIST TRAITORS like Trump do.
2) Any of these five can over rule the rest of members voting, which has no point to keep UN organization for world safety
You're a fool an immature. A national and international embarrassment.
Your grandeur is only in your head, your #impeachment must come soon!
No deals either.  None of your cronies gets it, you tainted them with your own crimes.
Mr PRESIDENT TRUMP I had to go to the Veteran Appeals Board on Monday Sept. 18th They did not help. It was BS.
Contact the Disabled American Veterans (DAV). They have offices in most VA Hospitals.
RESIGN
When Obama or Hillary speak, they do nothing but praise them. The media should be embarrassed & ashamed.
make UN Great Again. We need global government!
Quick, donnie. Name ANY two flags that you show parading by.  Old Glory doesn't count!
Hope you're on your meds so you don't say something stupid and embarrass us yet again

You are such an embarrassment, no one there has an ounce of respect for you, they can't believe a word you say you're a pathological liar
I've never heard any #President speak more #Honestly and #truthful. 

Words can not describe the joy or Pride I have for #PresidentTrump!!
I am sure that all the nation's were just trying to contain their laughter when u spoke.
And another thing, I don't like Iran, but if you pull out of the agreement, you can guarantee they'll go back to the enrichment program that
No Hillary rants? You OK buddy?
Stop
Where are the nazi flags.  Seen this before
Well done, Sir! @POTUS

So happy!
A great day for you President Trump!
You're a crazy nut job.
#TRAITORS #UNAMERICAN #UNPATRIOTIC #UNFITFOROFFICE #TRUMPRUSSIA #YOUWEREINVOLVED #COLLUSION #OBSTRUCTIONOFJUSTICE #TREASON
You let us down you have two faced us you sre no better than them democrats and republicans you have lost my vote
You got rid of every good person you had up there around you and for what ?? Well you got what you got nothing done nothing
#TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist
Set these people straight! They've done a terrible job& need to get about the business of doing the JOB or get OUT! No more USA bashing!
LETS SEE if the liberal media gives as much attention to the fact that POTUS & CAMPAIGN WAS WIRETAPPED--- HEAR ME- I said WAS WIRETAPPED.
Your first and last time! Savor it! #PrezydentKompromat #ImpeachTrump
Recommend to follow @investigateRU #trumprussia #treason was a hateful vicious multifaceted crime. So complex + many #complicit = takes time
Awesome!
First illegitimate so called president of the US to address the UN.
Praying for our President right now.  In Jesus Name God given Wisdom, Words released & accomplished for All Nations. On Earth as in Heaven.
Great job.  About time this speach was said
I think that the people that fight against you if they would spend half their energy working with you this country would be so better off
I love  you president you are the best and you team never and ever I been hear speach mostly courage
Thank you a lot Mr. President, What you spoke about Iran today, is a PURE TRUTH. Thank you
Omg, just shut up
O gawd! What embarrassment will you be bringing the country today?
You should have higher priorities than tweeting propaganda videos. #DementedDonnie
45, will you be commenting on recent reports that your Campaign Manager, Paul Manafort, will be indicted?
Trump at the United Nations #DumpTrump #Resist
#FailBoat
Did anyone mention that you aren't the star of this show? You're just one of the choir. Stop showboating - you're embarrassing us
Beware of the hateful Bishop
The devil has a place reserved for false prophets like the Bishop

One World ,One Earth,One Humanrace, lets DO THINGS THAT no One Civilization Do IT BEVORE! LET MAKE GREAT THINGS TOGETHER HAPPEN
Did u really use rocket man at the UN? You're in front of world leaders, not at a rally. 
Thank u Mr President for cautioning leaders like Mr Biya of Cameroon who shut down the internet, destroy satellite dishes and kill students
"Oooo. Look at the pretty FLAGS!" Sir. It's time for your speech ...
A tremendously unqualified dunce is America's mouthpiece to the world. Thanks, people. Enjoy.
Not why I voted for you #nationalist
Nice trump!
Throughout the years they U.sed N.eglected our giving hearts.Will continue to given the chance.PLEASE don't allow them to,Mr.President.
Dumpty hits new lows - very sad
I'm so proud to call you My President !
How many leaders did you have to push around to get in the front row?
President dumb dumb to fantastically drone on bigley at UN.
You did a great job. Strong, stern respectfull of the people of other countries but showed rogue nations our power. Terrific
@sachsau1 - Trump is a voice of reason!
Seems your Russian friends are seeing you for who you really are "an idiot" hense their reason for not attending. Lol
It's not called "UNGA."  Just because you're simple minded, doesn't mean the world needs to be simplified into acronyms for you.

With Trump violence to destroy hope returns to USA. On display in Charlottesville & in 1000s of hate crimes in 2017
I dont want to see china or another nation blowing the states up i still want to live
Please don't embarrass us today.
Hey, because you claim to be the greatest negotiator in the known universe, I hope you are meeting with North Korea.
You're so embarrassing
Slash the UN budget  wasteful & corrupt 
You're up so late...something on your little mind? I'm praying you don't say or do anything embarrassing for this country! Please RESIGN NOW
#TurkmensUnderAttack #KirkukIsTurkishLand  #DirenKerkuek #TürkmeneliCephesi Kerkük TÜRK'tür TÜRK kalacak 

Engaging our troops in their military conflicts will cost us our sons & daughters. I want my grandsons alive, home for the holidays.
Remember that song by Carley Simon You're so vain? U walked into the UN like U were walking onto a yacht. Guess what? That song was about U!
Can you name the countries those flags belong to?

Everyone there knows you are unqualified
#TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist #UNFITFOROFFICE #TRUMPRUSSIA #YOUWEREINVOLVED #COLLUSION #OBSTRUCTIONOFJUSTICE #TREASON #TRAITOR
Great job, Mr President!!!!!
What going on with MANAFORT Being INDICTED? You were right about the wiretapping but you lied when Blamed Pres. Obama!
The same #UnitedNations you vowed to withdraw from?  That one?
Shameful speech. What hypocrisy. When has US shown any respect for sovereignty of other nations?
Best regards from Switzerland
Thank God u really care about Israel 
#ImpeachTrumpNOW '44' was the last real President!
You said you would get out of U.N. but you wont because you are a blow hole,full of hot air! No one in the entire world takes you serious!
Mr President, what a great speech!!!
More film of guess who? YOURSELF!!!! ALL Trump ALL the time. ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME
Please don't say anything to embarrass us!
Repeal and Replace Donald Trump
1) First Reform is need on to change that The five permanent members, uderwise there is no democracy in UN voting what so every
Resign.

@HillaryClinton #WeThePeople Elected #45! No other person or people had a sayWe & HE place country first!!American's everywhere proud!!
Who's that orange guy? Oh he's that bigot from America!!
You couldn't pay me to watch you embarrass us in the world
RESIGN @realDonaldTrump IMPEACH
INPRISON RESIGN 
#Resign45

