I voted for you to end this kind of corruption. I'll have no problem voting against you in 2020 if it continues.
@trumpbigregrets @realDonaldTrump You should have not voted for him to begin with sunshine.
What other option did I have? If I didn't vote for him Hillary could've won.
Hmm. Nuclear war or clinton. Clear choice!
Yeah, funny how a nuclear war is the better option.
Trumpies already proved that you love conspiracy theories and yourselves more than country 
I've got better things to do than participate in a pissing match with a total stranger. Good day
TRIGGERED
Focus on this mug:
Feel free to buy 10. One for each of your brain cells!
Or, I could buy a real Trump mug from somebody with brain cells.
I know it's not the baby bottle you're used to. But practice. You can do it!
says the liberal upset that Trump won the election? That's about as hypocritical as Clinton questioning Trump's temperament lmfao
He has zero Presidential temperament. #fact. Check his twitter account for evidence. Then buy a dress.
you are only saying that because you profit off of the liberals who hate Trump lmfao you are just a poser selling junk! Lmfao!!
true tax reform so that politicians cant make promises to each side on each election rotation??
I pray every day that someone hacks your Twitter account. Every. Day.
Yeah I mean they might even make him look like a thin skinned, reactionary, idiotic man-child!  Oh wait..
right? But seriously.  Can we at least have Twitter go down for a day? Anything!!!
The real f'd up thing is how by hacking this idiot's twitter, someone could literally tank a fortune 500
Dear President Trump, thanks for commenting and expressing your disapproval of the actions on Congressional ethics.
"Focus" as in get rid of? Please keep WE THE PEOPLE in mind and PLEASE don't be a reverse Robin Hood.
do you ever stop tweeting? How will you manage to find time to actually do anything?
what's your plan once Obama Care out, you'll leave 20 million people without health insurance, Who's paying for them
call out all the underminers in GOP
,
Thank you Mr. Trump for leading America back to what is Right for us!! 
You have my support!!!!
We're supposed to believe that you will implement fair tax reforms,  You who does not Pay taxes ? Big Bullshit  !
How about them taxes. The American public is still dying to see them.
taxes demonstrate his sovereignty from foreign corruption. That should be important to even the most daft.
we desperately need tax reform. Sales tax w cashless system would be more fair than income tax. Us W-2 earners get screwed!
I voted for you because I want you to fix this. Too many people out there not paying their fair share of taxes.
and maybe now there's no one to monitor your many conflicts of interest, pay for play comes to mind. For charity of course
Jan 20 2017 Hurry up, BHO is really making things more difficult for you. #MAGA.

MAYBE there is hope for you.  Now go make America Great Again!
HIV/AIDS is The Gay Man's Cancer. Obama was stupid. He allowed Gay Marriage. He plagued the USA. PRO SAFE SEX. Revive DOMA
Something has to be done give him a chance to
@SpecialKMB1969 Fixing & modernizing roads, ports, & bridges shud be #1 project being it creates jobs & facilitates exports
Speaking of taxes..........how about your tax returns?
Speaking of education ... how about Obama's college transcripts?
So you're saying u agree w/ dismantling ethics committee.When is press conference about divesting& info on hacks only uknow
other than dumping Obama care with no replacement I finally agree with something you said.
PRESIDENT TRUMP I'M AND ALL...YES ALL...OF STATEN ISLAND ARE PULLING THE NEXT SEVENTEEN DAY'S.
GOD BLESS PRESIDENT TRUMP 
Please, please thread your tweets.
that wouldn't really make them any more intelligible
like Russian Hacking!

gas prices rising fast. Trump to stimulate record high stocks = inflation city. You won't be gloating long Trumpster. 
It's why you interest me. Ppl who brag about how smart they are always Faceplant. Like watching a wreck in slow motion...  
hes just following the tax code that Hillary party put in place...
@SpeakerRyan @tedcruz Why did every Veteran I know receive multiple letters from the IRS Demanding Thousands in TAXES?
where's your taxes
are u seriously going to "President" by Twitter? Do u even read your replies? Do u care about anything but u? Prove it.
your gna learn quick u have no friends in congress. They care abt thmslvs as much as u care abt u. No one looks out 4 us.
I bet u told them to dismantle ethics & u are sayin this for cover-No one is buyin it hombre #trumpleaks #theresistance #p2
He only was quibbling with the TIMING, not the fact they wanted to dump Ethics Office.
to all the trolls out there, stop whining.
DTS please!!!
Focus on things that are going to benefit you and the rich isn't that right?
Oh...
#DTS is Drain the Sovereignty?
U need to announce #FalseFlag abt #globalists taking down power grid b4 its too late! http://tinyurl.com/zejskdn  @AppSame
Good way to start your administration-openly criticizing your own Party so they will see who is in charge? Or more complex?
I believe you can do it
Keep tweeting,  The liberals hate it.
You have no clue what's going on, do you? You're a day late and a dollar short on this one.
But... have you transcended treason?
Your memes are like the back of cereal boxes for adults. 
Cheers!!
Grazie! Happy 2017, in spite of the Orange Fascist!
you have always been dedicated to the inner cities, only you will fix them WE LOVE YOU!
wow is that so wrong. What has he done?
In what seems like the turn of a new leaf, @realDonaldTrump is right. Keep in mind, GOP Congress lobbed him a soft ball. Resistance helped.
Focus on stopping the repeal of Obamacare.
There are many issues so prioritising those, as unfair as it may be, is a must. #HopeinTrump
We certainly don't need ETHICS in our government.
Dopey Liberals just can't handle rejection
#MAGA
It's not about losing, it's about a mental case running a country full of moron voters who elected him.

WE NEED HELP NOW! I'm tweeting from Tx & just lost COVERAGE! I can & WILL pay for health Ins. & have for yrs. HATE AHCA!
REPEAL, REPLACE, repeal, replace...&SOON!! PLZZZ! American deserves A-1 Healthcare!! 
I've had healthcare for YEARS and UNDER AHCA it's DESTROYED MY FAMILY!! We just LOST COVERAGE only BC I can't find a PLAN?
yep let's focus on Arnold and the size of your crowds!
HELP!!! I'm on the phone telling the GOVERNMENT we need Ins. & I'm tweeting OUR Pres. begging for help! $1200?This is USA!
IT COMES WITH THE OFFICE OF THE US PRESIDENT
YOU ARE NOT CREDITED FOR THIS
ITS BEEN AROUND BY OUR FRAMERS OF THE CONST
U R CONT W HISTORY
yes, those elected to power should 100% focus on things of "far greater importance" ... you know, like TV ratings. #trump
The IRS is so crooked.
BCBS is ROBBING me under AHCA and JUST TERMINATED my policy without my knowledge! I PAID $1200!!! HELP ME PRES. TRUMP!PLS

We need The Convention of the States !!!
#ReleaseUrIQ #ReleaseUrTaxes
Do, and they will follow.
I enjoyed the prayer service with all of you this morning. Thank you bringing God back into our country
thanks! America will indeed be far greater again! You have my support Mr. President!
Lead by example, @realDonaldTrump.
sir I am Chandra Seka ran from India
Nothing is more important than ethics. But then again, look who I'm talking to.
Trump says something all can agree on and liberals try to find something to complain about.
if you are going to spend your life on twitter please learn how to do a twitter thread you fluorescent spunkflute
Even his ellipses seem like an unnecessary rant.
Trump says something all can agree on and liberals try to find something to complain about.
"unfair as it is" not something we'll all agree on. Repubs need ethics to keep them from having sex with boys and hookers. See 2010
You mean like Bill Clinton flying on the express with underage girls then staying on pleasure island w/ Epstein?Thought so.
Reps still obsessed with Bill Clinton...they excuse every corrupt & vile thing that DT does..with yah but Bill....
Because abusing underage girls is O.K. as long as no dems get hurt!
Trump knows all about abusing underage girls...as long as no Reps get hurt...move on
they are trying to get rid of the ethics dept. to protect you Donald why are you fighting them?
Why don't you make him shut up tough guy? Lmfao!!!
OK, you can't make him shut up? 
Yeah, I thought so too.
STFU lol this senseless protesting of a legal election demeans you as a person.
and it only delegitimize's the unhinged left whom actually rioted against democracy! Good thing you idiots lost.. lol 

MAGA
here, here congress better roll up their sleeves n get to work on the real issues to fix what's broken
keep um focused.  Good job
Crooked Trump !
you won't know any better when you're president!
Beware of the rinos ryan, etc who all need draining - what do the dems have on them since they vote with dems?
Donald who!!
"Ethics" in government is so passe! If you can't make some $$$ in your position of public trust, what's the point?
1-militaryfunding,2-militaryveterans,3-militarydefense,4-Militarycyber5-militaryfamily,7-smallbusiness,8tax
Pretty hard to focus when you keep throwing chaos into the mix. Be a hero. RESIGN before you are legally removed.
Thank you!
.@realDonaldTrump Under your tax plan millions will pay more than they did under Obama! http://trumptaxhike.wordpress.com  #DTS #MAGA #taxes
Reversed!
https://youtu.be/WhsSzIS84ks#and  grabbing women my the pussy.
Thank You!  I have no doubt you will help us keep congress focused on what the people want! Keep up the great work!
. Anyone who votes for this in the House of Representatives should not receive ONE vote for reelection in 2018/2020! Corrupt
I'll give credit where it is due. Kudos to you on this stance, and swaying them to dump it. Hope to see more of this!!
AMEN.
To the idiot that said we can't afford a Twitter presidency! Shit up sore loser this is who AMERICA voted into office #MAGA
Kick their asses into ACTION! :)
When you had tweeted " #DTS " , I thought you meant "Down To Suck" 
way to stand up to Congress
Better known as speaking out of both sides of ur mouth. D/N say don't do it, just don't do it now. 2 many watching ..wait!
huh. We agree on something. Make this a trend please. Good to know you're willing to buck your party
SQUIRREL!
says the guy who wants to strip healthcare from millions with no replacement.
Dam Right keep Tweeting Don Take no crap your getting there priorities straight close off boarder first then Taxs.
Speaking of taxes..when does #DontheCon show his?  When does this #MentalMidget actually follow rules, laws, policies?
heil hitler!!
#DTS Ethics >Maybe congress did this so they cd do unethical things and not be held accountable. It's a thought.
Sadly, Congress is the swamp you are up against.  Keep up the fight for all of us.
focus on releasing your taxes.
Focus on sharing your tax returns
I don't trust Congress whether dem or GOP. drain the swamp
how about you show us your tax returns and start paying your taxes.....
It may be possible, shocking as it may seem, that the #GOP controlled congress is actually WORSE THAN YOU ARE, GOD HELP US.
Tax reform? You mean free rides for your rich buddies and big business.
Ethics are of the UTMOST importance. Where are your tax returns? Your business conflicts? Haven't forgotten.
OF YES TAX REFORM WHERE ARE YOUR DUCKING TAXES AT COMRADE TRUMP, YOUR CONFLICTS OF INTEREST ARE OUTSTANDING, IMPEACH DAY 1
YES!!!
You desire tax & healthcare reform - shouldn't it be done in an ETHICAL way? Why is it not important? What are you hiding?
Show your tax returns!
spot on Mr Trump!My President!
U know they did nothing for 8 years but obstruct Obama.. now your job is to make them do theirs.  Thank you
tax reforms how about #ShowYourTaxes #unpresidented #MAGA
Congress must be tone deaf
so, kinda hate it but i respect this quite alot.
release your taxes
You're only saying this to curry favor w/ppl. They did it so YOU can get away w/constitutional violations like ur DC Hotel!
wow, for once a good tweet. Thank you.
@ffmicol трамп на плюй на советников из пентагона и тех советников конгресса США. Налаживай отношения с РФ.
America and Russia must be friends.
точно 
RUSSIA  AMERICA
They need leadership to show them how to prioritize; WeThePeople have more sense than most members of Congress
(3) pockets, while putting this country into a depression and selling us out to Russia. You're purposely pissing off..
Why would you be interested in tax reform.  You don't pay taxes or at least U don't show returns, you hypocrite!
#GODblessDJTPOTUS&USA#Free Nnamdi Kanu the leader of IPOB no secret trial.DJT help BIAFRAN JEWS get independent from Nigeria
- Show us YOUR tax return!
If u are going to govern by "Tweet" (Trump Wants Everyone Embracing Twitter), don't break up important 'thoughts'
Congress has acted without a boss too long. Please get it focused and executing
Thank you for your hard work and perseverance.
#DTS
a proper ellipsis looks like this: ...
oh, so NOW you have something to say. This has been news for days, and now you say something. SNL does a sketch about-
Why don't you withdraw?
You're "Smoke and Mirrors" routine is pretty  obvious...
i agree!
Hey Donald, clear the swamp, look at the committee's budget and how much they really don't do, and save taxpayers$.
Yeah, that's the issue here, prioritization. The @GOP can destroy their own oversight committee later! #TraitorGOP
right!!!! Spot on!!!
Ha! Interesting that YOU would be advising anybody what to focus on, considering your own scattered thoughts & poor focus.
WHY? Steal your thunder? A chance for you to say "Thanks Donald" again?
Trivia question? What day will you get impeached?

Immigration!!! Where's immigration on this list!?!? That's what got you elected!
make sure the 1 percent gets their tax break
you take away the health care act you take away 20,000,000  peoples health care .
WINNING:  Trump Wins Again: House GOP Reverses On Ethics Office Overhaul | Zero Hedge
You did good on this one.  Thank you.
now your using your noggin!!! You keep this up and you could be POTUS some day! Whip those Republicans into shape #DTS
@SandraHartle Here's what you need to know about Trump's taxes-he made a lot of $, he lost a lot of $, now he's giving back
to be fair, your tweet didn't reverse it. Hundreds of thousands of phone calls from us did. #TheResistance #TrumpLeaks
#DTS ST$P CONGRESS 343 CMOs special interest clubs many W/affiliated 501C3 "f$undations" supp$rted by private c$rp D$N$R $$
Thank you!!!! Please stand up to these greedy Republicans and help the real people!!!
Yes!
More tax reform to keep the elites rich, not fair. We've had 40 years of this. Trickle down is for greedy taking needy
Speaking of taxes. Where are yours?

Love your tweets, please keep them coming. Specially because it upsets the liberals. You are doing a great job.
You are still the worst man.
(4) North Korea and China in the attempts to start a fucking world war all because you want to push that damn nuke button..
- so many number one priorities for Republicans- throw millions off the health insurance, deprive minorities from voting....
#DTS love it!
President O was never a leader to get Congress working. President Trump will lead, inspire and produce many great things.
finally a tweet that makes sense... yes dismantling the ethics committee is unethical! Seriously!
. Hanging with  criminal for new years
True, they do have more important things to do. But, redundancy should be dealt with at some point!  #MAGA
maybe with tax reforms you'll pay some hahahahahahahaha
#FairTax is a clear example of leading with innovation & fearlessness.
