He said it was rigged. I believe him.
Me too!  Such an honest guy he is
Mr President, walk in FBI unannounced with a SWAT team rolling tables of lie detector machines. Arrest those that faint, pee their pants run
@POTUS It's LONG OVERDUE to #ARRESTObama, Valerie Jarrett, George Soros & MANY others! Bring JUSTICE back to #America!
Flush out the leakers, let us see their mugshots... #MAGA #DeepState
The biggest story is that you have not realized what a big joke you are!
Drain the swamp Mr President.... get the mooching blood sucking tics out of Washington Sir 
No.
Flynn, Manafort, Jared, Sessions.
$$$, Russian bankers &
Politicians. Hacking & $ laundering. Those are the story makers. #MuellerTime
drain the swamp Mr. President

..& throw the key in the Marianas trench ....
YESSSSS!!!! 
The big story is that you are a Bannon/Putin PUPPET!
Keep doing your job @POTUS WE appreciate ALL U do! God Bless! #MAGA

White head eagle, the symbol  the United States.    
The biggest story is that Macron punked you,Sir. An even bigger story is you were a coward for all to see backing out of the Paris agreement
If you have EVIDENCE, then bring it! Otherwise, stop making bogus claims to distract from the REAL story which is your TREASON!
That's right Bro stick them with the truth !!!
God bless you and your family bro,everything is different now !!! These people want to take it there! May God have mercy on my boot!
The story is #TrumpRussia
You'd LIKE that to be the big story, but it's still #Trumprussia.  Nice that you're willing to let your son-in-law go down for this alone.
You mean like when @DevinNunes filed unmasking requests to learn who was being caught in surveillance during the #TrumpRussia investigation?
The Trump-Russia investigation heats up every day. 
No one cares about unmasking, unless you're talking about Eyes Wide Shut.
Obama was unmasked as a fraud,usurper and traitor more then (8) years ago. He has been free long enough. He really does belong in the Brig.
Bullshit, the big story is DJT betrayed his country for $ and you are going to prison. We know.#Trumprussia #ImpeachTrumpNow
...bigly poor poor representation of the USA...FUGLY
LMFAO!! I love the word fugly...
Please #RT daily to reach our goal! https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/appoint-special-prosecutor-investigate-murder-seth-rich-alleged-wikileaks-email-leaker … #SethRich http://sethrich.info  https://twitter.com/KimDotcom/status/868407216419741696 … #DNCFraudLawsuit
Justice for #SethRich > Please sign

https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/appoint-special-prosecutor-investigate-murder-seth-rich-alleged-wikileaks-email-leaker … 
FISA Court Finds "Serious Fourth Amendment Issue" In Obama's "Widespread" Illegal Searches Of American Citizens |
Big story is how you are an embarrassment as POTUS
Bologna, your upcoming impeachment, your son in law and the rest of your cronies are going down! Watching and waiting for celebration
Your lame distractions are so predictable. If you weren't a CRIMINAL, you would be concerned about foreign meddling in our election, too!

Susan Rice admitted it. Now we just need to force Comey to admit it. HRC isn't as much a threat anymore. He may fear the butt-house more now
Congress needs to ask Comey about Seth Rich, Hillarys newly found emails, who paid for fake dossier and Dennis Montgomery's testimony. #MAGA
Your late to the game doll. Political spying's been going on since Clinton's & Echelon. It's destroyed some of America's best& brightest.
LOL Sis Be4 I Was Born In 1963 & Clinton's To You Got That Right I Love Listening To Your Wisdom  Because I Don't Know Everything Love You
How can we explore the areas that they don't want to let us see? Obama and Hillary are the real criminals here in this intricate web of lies
The Vetting and Spying by Obama and his administration must all be placed in prison. America needs Justice!
Please give him a chance he is trying to do what is right and fair for our country.
Dems need to quit acting like impetuous children.  If Trump restore jobs, affordable healthcare, lower taxes, & safety you will eat crow!
If Trump restores jobs, affordable healthcare, lower taxes, and safety, I will eat a whole crow banquet, and cheerfully. What are the odds?
Start sharpening your carving knife because you will be eating a lot of crow! Unlike the last failure of a President, Trump is a winner!
So far, jobs created are just barely ahead of 2016 (BLS data), and well behind the 2015 numbers. So it sure isn't happening yet.
You better recheck your data. Also, how many people dropped out of the labor force under Obama and went on welfare?
I swear, you're the man that gets caught cheating then turns fight around on wife for checking your phone.
Have integrity! Lean on the counsel of your daughter.
WRONG! The big story is your ties to Russia to steal the election #FakePresident
No. I feel it's more about your crooked deal with Putin and ties to Russia. You are a criminal.
If you felt like you truly deserved to be POTUS and was qualified, you wouldn't feel the need 2 continue your attack on Obama. #45IsInsecure
No, the big story is how you and the Russians rigged the election.
nope. wrong again. it's Russia

You are full of......lies, lies,lies, lies. But you know where all those lies are appreciated POTUS...Russia
Awe, thin skinned Donnie. Please resign and I promise that you'll make American great again!
So awesome that Pres Obama has such power over u He is one of Am greatest presidents I admire him too U suck
Your boss Putin is very pleased with your actions. From the sounds of it, you were elected to represent Putin, not Pittsburgh
But didn't 78% of Pittsburgh vote for Hillary. Pittsburgh hasn't been a steel mill town for decades.  It is high tech city now.

Será cierto esto??? @Trump_Spanish_ @POTUS @StateDept @marcorubio @RepCurbelo @MarioDB @RosLehtinen
Great! Maybe now I'll be able to find out who has been harassing me 24/7. Almost near daily car "accidents." BAD!!!
Let me know tomorrow how u r. Nite :)
That's a well known fact! The Democrat's are chasing Russian ghosts to divert attention away from the un masking and IRS.
#fakenews #fakepresident
The big story is how the FBI is investigating your criminal activity and the courts aren't letting you get away with your unlawful EOs!
No, that's not the big story. The big story is Trump/Russia collusion. Say anything you want, the story will stay with Trump corruption.
I'm pretty sure colluding w/Russia is a much bigger story... even bigly! Stop blaming others for your mistakes. It's really getting old.
No Donald.  The big story is the Russians and you literally selling us out!!!
Just because you say it's so, doesn't make it so. #Lies #Baffoon
The big story is...u r so consumed w/hatred for Obama, u will destroy America in an effort to destroy Obama's legacy.
Hush you committed treason, I don't care if you were unmasked or any of your "friends."
Please stop divulging security secrets to the Russians. 
Please stop weakening this country's strength and independence.
Blood coming out of @FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP eyes, blood coming out of @POTUS @realDonaldTrump daughter @IvankaTrump vagina @kathygriffin rocks
...
PATRIDIOT
 True dat!
At least it should be, but they choose the silly Russia stuff instead. Still no evidence.

But the bigger story is the act of treason that was executed by the Trump campaign. How many indictments and guilty pleas do we have now?  Seems the criteria to work for Trump was to be a criminal.
Obama sent these docs to b buried in his library for 5 years . U have power to get them back . Plz do
Fire ALL O's LEFTOVERS
Wasn't Obama's spying of Trump et al, fully exposed -along with his interference in the Presidential election? Are those actions acceptable?
What a bunch of bs
Happens to regular Americans everyday.  

Please stop the MASSIVE SURVEILLANCE DRAGNET!
Someone should be locked up from the past Administration sir. Libtards only believe corrupt media owned by Sorros.
The libtards still trying to find dirt for our current POTUS when in fact Obama was the true dirt revealed.
It is time to unmask Obama, Rice, Hillary, and others!
I believe in you Donald Trump
Scared MF, you should be !
Unmasking is acceptable when the person is involved.
Of course, hold everyone else accountable but you.  What a bigot!
Why you still talking about Obama?
2nd big story the 'Seth Rich Murder' (assassination). Needs serious investigation.
H1Z1     china NO.1    US  NO.100000000000000
You're still trying to convince yourself this is true. I don't believe it, but the good news is Santa Claus and the Tooth Fairy do.
The only thing I disagree with Mr Pres is the fact you should have drained the whitehouse of all of Obama people a lot less sabotaging
Time for the AG to get his pen busy and start indicting many of the people from the moslem administration !
Did you beat Manning at golf today?
and you, your wife and your kids destroying K. Griffins life...?? But you rather rely on alternative facts right?
WRONG
No the bigger story is you always deflecting and avoiding the responsibility of your actions and words. # BORDERLINE PERSONALITY DISORDER
No... the BIG story is whether our POTUS and his pals collude against American interests. Focus! #WeWantAnswers
So then you should pardon @Snowden for exposing it.
I want to know the leaks as well
FDT
The big story is that u have not & will not condemn Russian hacking of the election. We all know why u can't! #trumprussia
@nightcolor : you both are delusional.
I think obstruction of justice by you and your administration is a bigger story, just sayin'
By Devin Nunes?
No..the BIG story is how much you've lied, how many admin/campaign people are traitors, how you laundered money. Love Putin & POTUS Bannon


No,  Comrade Fuckface von Clownstick. It's still you blowing Putin
Haha. Don't you wish that was the "big story."
Keep telling us what the real story is. 

Trump: Hey.....look over there!

*Destroys the planet* 

Obama did it!
Big stories are your treason, climate criminal acts against our planet and corruption by fossil fuel interests
Ah yes, unmask the tale of the microphone-microwave.
keep  up  the  good  work
Bullshit
The big story is that you can't grasp the simple concept that until someone is unmasked, nobody knows who they are. #TrumpIdiot #Traitor
The big story is to find out if YOU have the ability to make America great.  You will NEVER do so by making Democrats your enemy.
Certainly part of the story, not the only part however.
the real story is your a criminal a traitor and a fake president!
I find it funny how there is no media  mention of Clinton's Russian meetings while she was running for the White House 
The big story is you being a cock holster for Putin. But getting your tiny, tiny hand slapped was a close second.
Thats like saying, it's not that I beat my wife it's that the damn neighbors called the cops. The big story is your corruption.
That's funny I thought the real story is about what a complete traitor and failure you are.
Says the guy who threatened Comey with secret "tapes" lol
Clayburn is a Soros sucker
Take tougher steps against these hoax claims President Trump
Okay thanks. Is the NSA going to erase all of our conversations from the last 8 yrs of Obama surveillance on Americans?
The big story is that you're the laughing stock of the world. Especially your inability to spell.
;
WHAT A LOAD OF CRAP
No that's not the big story
Distraction?
#TrumpRussia
#TrumpRussiaCollusion
#LockJaredUp
Your a joke. And the world is looking at America like a joke bc of u. Ur not even leading from behind, ur not leading at all. #leadership
You're delusional. What does Obama have to do with anything anymore? Deflect, deflect, deflect is all you do. Take responsibility Mr. Pres.
No. The big story was how your campaign colluded with Russia to win the U.S. election, and then attempted to obstruct. #TrumpTreason #Resist
Donny, I really wish you'd read this, even though you already know everything & you're smarter than everybody
What an absolute embarrassment you are
I read these lib tweets and realize u don't have a clue cause your fed by msm and strung along with bull 
Stop deflecting. You're under investigation for collusion with the Russians, pulled out of the Paris agreement. #INCOMPETENT
No, the unmasking is you as putin's puppet. Oh, by the way, there is no tax bill moving anywhere. least of all moving in congress! BS again!
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump IT IS TIME TO SHINE THE BRIGHT LIGHT OF TRUTH AND JUSTICE.. ON THE DARK SECRETS OF OBAMA AND HILLARY.. FOLLOW THE  $
WTF are you talking about? The story is your collusion with Russia so putin can have his bitch elected.
So @DevinNunes requested some unmaskings all by himself? No coordination with you? Fuck you and your enablers.
Oh, for pity's sake! That old BS again? Nice try, #TraitorTrump. Hey, how's @MELANIATRUMP @WFLOTUS45 doing? Still shopping @TiffanyAndCo? 

Maybe cause U were praising Putin & Wikileaks's & your friends were meeting with Russian spies? He couldn't but intelligence community did.
Gee Don. Only you and your very ignorant base believe this propaganda. The majority of Americans know that TrumpRussia Scandal is the STORY!
Also-Congress, ask Comey about the tape from the meeting of Bill and Loretta on the tarmac. The corruption in DC (FBI) is polluting America.
Now that's not fake news

Great job Mr President !
Stay on course
You're right on President Trump! You are loved and respected your voters! #MAGA!
A realist about the opposition we face and still focused on opportunity. The right man for times such as this.
NO THE BIG STORY MICHAEL DREVAN BEING ADDED TO ROBERT MUELLER TEAM
YOU OBSTRUCTED JUSTICE & THEIR GOING TO PROVE IT.
OVAL OFF IS NOT EXEMPT!
DEUTSCHE BANK REFUSED TO COOPERATE WITH CONGRESS REGARDING TRUMPS BUSINESS LOANS!! 
FOLLOW THE MONEY!!!
TRUMP IS A ROTTEN EGG AND HE'S BEGINNING TO SMELL!! Mm mm
The big story would be for America to see our President take a stand for what's right and stand up and chastise Lee Daniels for disrespecting the laws of America and lying about where he got Empire from.
What are you going todo about all the corruption that has taken place on a citizen of theUnited States that followed her dream
Help me with these corrupted crimnal that frame try kill held back legal documents from federal judge Inlegally sent me to hospital and kilt a SG real cookie Sophia eggleston
Desperate & Dateless.
Mr President, to ignore the arrows thrown at you is the wisest way to avoid confrontation, they run out of arrows.
Go Trump, thank you sir for getting this nation on the right track again
The big story is the "unmasking and surveillance" of people that took place during the Obama Administration....
don't forget to get black bags. Is what we are all hearing in scotland.
You now have the authority to stop the surveillance...
I live in the mountains opposite the US Im not a Democrat or Republican but I can recognize corruption.  That liar needs some handcuffs.
The big story is the "unmasking and surveillance" of people that took place during the Obama Administration.
Sorry, you do not decide on what America views as "the big story" Out here in the real world all are talking about Russia annexing the WH
Big story is Russia & ur involvement w them. Obama put sanctions in place & ejected 35 diplomats and closed 2 compounds. What have you done?
Start prosecuting the @obama @HillaryClinton SWAMP ! @Americans have had enough of their special treatment ! @HouseCracka @seanhannity @USA
