Are you going to be putting in another fraudulent insurance claim again Donny?
I read that, Elaine. Please post the specifics about that. I'm sure most Americans have not heard about that and it is 100% true. Thanks.
These are the articles I read. I think we can draw our own conclusions!

http://fortune.com/2016/10/24/donald-trump-hurricane-payout-mar-a-lago/ …
I did not see this article. Thanks for the link. The man has no shame--absolutely none. lol
No heart, no conscience, no morals and no integrity.
The great people @NOAA & every #meteorologist agreed, #HurricaneIrma was going to be devastating. Were you getting #Russia's weather report?
lol. I'd bet money on it, FRD. lol
And what are YOU doing? Watching Fox and Friends?
Trump is jerking off to Fox and Friends, Ms. lol
He is our President get over it your Horse lost.
Liar liar pants on fire. It's called Leadership whats the matter having trouble Recognizing it.
Maybe your vitriol should be turned down. He did help with prep don't forget that.
Maybe you as a Trump hater should stop .
This guys working very hard as well
I'm sure, Patricia, that Trump has left no end of material for Mueller to work with. Mueller is having trouble picking which way to go. lol
Are you still here? For fucks sake leave while the gettin' is good. You're in for some dark days.
I hope you mean Mueller, Mark, and I hope you have the inside dope. lol

lol. Thanks for the laugh, Susan. Hadn't seen this one but it's spot on. lol
#Florida we feel your pain & we send you our love
#GodBlessAmerica 
Rebuild!

ZEMBLA - The dubious friends of Donald Trump: the Russians https://youtu.be/1bEdMuKq30I  via @YouTube
Thank you Mr. President for your leadership.
That wasn't the only thing blowing hard last night. @tedcruz
Tsk tsk....lol
a real leader would stop pumping his chest and instead tell us what is being done...people working hard! does not ensure us of anything
I am grateful to all people working for states.

Please resign as soon as possible.
Go back to sleep
You are my hero sir.
You need help sir!
and they don't include you
beter olun...
The devastation left by your administration is far greater,everywhere, than anyone thought- but amazing people are working hard to impeach.
Sixty million of us have your back!!
And 65 Million hate you.
Think about Steve bannon Donald trump the fact that he said that you made your wurrest misstake ever to fire James comey wow big news
Elect a government that believes in science!
prayers to all.
Unfortunately we have a leaderless & hollow executive branch thanks to your thousands of vacancies. 

Just resign.
And unfortunately you want to gut FEMA's budget, so it'll become much harder to recover from these killer storms. 

Just resign.
And unfortunately you don't understand basic science, so we'll have much larger & more of these killer storms in the future.  

Just resign.
I agree with @zday63 , his understanding of science has zero effect on the weather, that's out of everyone's control @SteveBoyer5000
The storm surge was actually far less than people had expected.
Perhaps you should look up the facts before you tweet. The media was expecting a much worse storm
People over prepared. It wasn't a bad thing but don't try acting like you had the 'best hurricanes'
Clearly you were hoping for worse so that you would have an excuse for when your economy collapses
The volunteers and emergency workers are the heroes here not you. Make sure you remember that

It came from a White House aide, not from the President. Don't misrepresent #FakeNews
Catch the looters! They are dispicable.
I hope Mar-a-Lago was able to shelter those in need... ?
MAGA!!!
What, did you think it wasn't going to be devastating?
@cnn was reporting from the middle of the hurricane but it all must be a hoax #fakenews right??
You, however, are not one of those people
I love our country's POTUS -so proud of you Mr President!! Doing a fantastic job
Hi
No, actually forecasts were dead serious & very accurate. Make sure the USVI & Puerto Rico get help. A courtesy call to Cuba would be good.
Doing an awesome job Sir! Thank you for being a great President. God bless you and God bless America greatest country on the planet! #maga
You bilked $17 million from your insurance for non-existent damages to Mar-a-Lago, Hurricane Wilma 2005.
Irma is going to be a nice pay day.
All the Dems I know like to fake fall at Dollar store 
quick 2k
mikey, mikey! anecdotal evidence is not credible evidence when debating.
u can believe it if u want but i know many that do the scam
i will be more honest.my whole family has done it but i stay away from that side
that tells you that some people do that. But that doesn't tell you everyone does. If a family of shitty people decide to run over every1
i agree i stay away from my family because they are evil
ok, my point being that your fam aren't representative of all dems. We shouldn't demonize entire groups, it turns us into us vs them sitch
Shameful fascist liberals 
HopelessHick, don't get rid of yours yet.  You will still need it. If you are lucky, your kid will be the same size to save us some $$
Lord Kabir has said that the Father forgives every crime committed by his son or daughter.
#قاعده_تتبعها_بتويتر
#AppleEvent #VideoGamesDay
Yes
Right.
you're right.

#قاعده_تتبعها_بتويتر
#AppleEvent #VideoGamesDay #FelizMartes
And you seriously don't see the problem with your behavior?
Everyone thought the damage would be catastrophic. Who are you listening to?
Alex Jones
The devastation was just as bad as the meteorological specialists predicted it could be. But when u deny climate change, u wudn't know that.
He doesn't know his ass from his elbow, do u really thinks he understands science??
Do you?
I don't have 2 understand science, I leave it 2 our brilliant scientists. And I trust them.
The devastation left by Hurricane Irma was far greater, at least in certain locations,than anyone thought - but amazing people working hard!
SHUT UP #TRUMP!!!!!!!!!
The devastation left by #HurricaneTrump to the political landscape of America is far greater than anyone could have imagined.
Amazing people who love America are working hard to make sure #DonaldTrump's carnage doesn't continue! He is a Category 6 DISASTER!
We love the fact that PRESIDENT TRUMP is cleaning up the carnage from Hurricane Obama which nearly destroyed America.
Ha! Thanks for the joke! After Irma I needed a laugh!
My heart is with Florida now!
They are amazing people but you don't deserve credit for what they've done
You want to cut FEMA to build a bigoted wall!
How about making Americans feel safe by putting more federal protections in place like FEMA then walls separating us from allies?
Your ideologies are circa 1943.  Times have changed and unfortunately so has our President!
Shut up Ed
Not nearly as large as the devastation you've brought to this once great nation...
What about Flint
Is the word "Fake" every Trump Supporters favourite word. You are fake lol
When they say something is fake I immediately flag as the truth.
Don’t forget about the 3 million American citizens that lost it all with Hurricane Maria in PR.
How about devastation of social cohesion under you? F-wit facist president.! When are you going to tax?
Seriously,  act like you care because you don't!  You're frickin pathetic! Makes me want to puke!
What an awesome President we have
May God give em more strength in service to their nation
Then why don't YOU start working hard at something other than attacking AMERICAN CITIZENS for exercising their constitutional rights?
..the devastation that will be left by you will be even greater. Sad.
There would've been nothing left if Hillary Rodham Clinton won
ok u win
SMH!!!
Good job Mr TRUMP
this is all one big joke
You know who isn't working hard? You!
Take your blinders off...

Proving both parties have changed a lot since 1870. Thanks for inspiring me to look this up. Did you know: 8 states NEVER ratified 25th Am?
block all trump haters.if u dont and u look at there posts u give them impressions and that helps spread there message.
What they do is post many replies. All linked to one another. If ANYONE responds to any of those, their entire thread goes to the top.
looks like your right
Yes, if you just reply to any single of those, the whole group goes to the very top. That's why I reply to the good group of Tweets.
always on top for me i would have to scroll down to bottom to see positive trump http://comments.now  everyone blocked   fixed
block all trump haters before they go through your tweets and report them. your life will be much easier.i never used to block until then
But if u block them, you don't see their tweets. I want to know how to prevent THEM from appearing on the top. I believe if no one responds
nothing u can do if u can find my video in my tweets positive trump comments censored
Thanks to Trump Twitter has become a bit more relevant. Twitter was a dying bird... until Trump came. They should be kissing his feet.
yup and they censor him
sorry i am a little edgy because i got insulted 500 times yesterday.
Feel your pain. Those haters are so tough behind their screen. Just laugh and let it go. Live is too short. They got easily brain washed.
i used to respect the dems until i came to twitter.i gave them a chance and got insulted 1000s of times.
Devastation on Americans by illegal aliens is far greater than most hurricanes combined. END DACA NOW NOT LATER!
How many people did DACA recipients kill? I'll wait....
Google ur own headlines. FBI has a nice data base u can look at but last numbers the gov admitted to were over 2,000 plus
Please dejemos a un lado lo poético de q el pueblo trabaja duro Lo q necesitamos es una respuesta inmediata de lo que realmente necesitamos
@DMAN0853 Dear Donald, We want Lois Lerner in jail. Thank you, WE THE PEOPLE
So I guess this means you're going put in a whopping big insurance claim on Mar A Lago.
If we were a smart president we would support the global warming accord and stop the extreme weather that is the signs that the plant warms
And maybe learn how to spell too?
God protect America. President Trump, you are God's anointed for America #WONDERFUL PRESIDENTTRUMP
Is it TRUE that you did NOT offer Condolences,  prayers and asst to MEXICO following their 8.1 Earthquake?? SHAME ON YOU!! Even enemies do.
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
yeah watch and learn
How many more record-breaking disasters are you going to let people suffer before you start acting on climate change? #ClimateChangeIsReal
We are suffering in Naples Florida but this too shall pass and we are happy you are our President - We love you!  Thank you for leading us!
Amazing People are working. Fire, Police, Nurses, Doctors, First Responders, and a bunch of them are #DACA. #Republicans  #WhiteNationalist
The devastation left by you breaking your promises for the America people are worse. 1 term President, leave office you joke
#climatechange
Mr President, love how your changing your strategies and getting everyone involved in your administration. Amen.
Thanks for Capping the relief money, I am sure everyone that lost EVERYTHING really appreciates it. By the way..Where is your "donated" MIL?
Again in English
Just like your Fake Crowd Size at your inauguration.  You are a total train wreck.  #FakePresident
Devestation?..anne coulter called it a light rain, and that blowhard rush called it fake news and a hoax...hmmmm
Hasta productos alimenticios que hoy más que nunca necesita adquirir el pueblo que vive en La Florida A quienes les preocupa esto?
I'm starving
Go  fučk  yourself
The devastation caused by your "presidency" will have far greater impact. Looking good in orange Cheeto.
Good thing all you will do is TALK about it.
Amazing what can be achieved when everyone pulls together. Players, coaching staff, fans. Trust in Raffa
ONLY LORD JESUS ON CAN HELO FLORIDA AND USA
With mass destruction comes opportunity. Build a high speed rail system!
#Americaisexceptional #AIG
I can't imagine people who lost their houses, i'd be devastated.  Only had large branches to clear and no gas in town, bare grocery shelves
Still without electric and water.....sucks
No electric for proposed 14 days???? Why?
DEAR PRESIDENT TRUMP PLEASE CONSIDER GLOBAL WARMING IF NOT FOR YOUR COUNTRY FOR YOUR SON BARON AND HIS CHOLDREN! TY A CONCERNED SUPPORTER!
Not nearly as damaging as you are to the USA and the world.
Mueller knows all.
Tick...
Tick...
Tick...
Tick...
Tick...
Tick...
Tick...
Thank you Mr. President Donald Trump president of the United States of America Don't leave with more you are doing a great job you are #1
We knew from the start that this was going to cause great damage. I'm not sure why you're so infatuated w/ the power of cyclone.
Because it goes around and around....spinning like a top. He sill carries his from childhood in his pocket.
How come the Hurricanes missed your grubby little playground, Mar-a-Lago. Did you get Pence to say a prayer to the Almighty?
Nope, Byron. They have both sold their souls to Lucifer. lol
ah the voice of 'the enlightenment' - not
And Americans will have to work VERY hard to clean up the aftermath of Hurricane Trump. Civil rights up rooted, protections blown down. . .
People are working hard. All the "fake news" Has been covering it. Only u sit around and tweet about real men and women who really do work.
You mean @AnnCoulter and friends?
Allah sends a message to America!
Thousands of Muslims for blood!
#KARAHİLAL
The devastation from Irma was what the SCIENTISTS said it would be. Read what SCIENTISTS said on CLIMATE CHANGE!!
gud
Hahaha. Do you even know How to actually read a Paper Map? Much less Google Map? Just asking.
What the fuck is wrong with you. I never imagined I would a) directly contact a president and b) think of no other thing to say to him.
You are spot on Mr President! Thank you for doing your job! MAGA
Felony charges must apply to anyone who left their pets tethered to trees, cars etc. Please address, thank you. Animal advocant.
Yet heartless @AnnCoulter & blowhard @rushlimbaugh claim it amounted to "light rain" "boredom" & was created to cook up sales & ratings. SMH
We are #FloridaStrong
God Bless
Did you tell them how you cut back FEMA?
Thanks for your help from Naples
Climate change!!! Is real
Florida has had 119 hurricanes since 1850 yet you think this one was caused my man made climate change. 
ITS BARD NOT TO AGREE WITH EVERYTHING YOU SAY AND PROPOSE. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN AND AGAIN. MY BOOK U R 110% POTUS
You're a failure and a disgrace to America and the world. Everyone can see it except your conceited moronic ass #RealFacts #impeachTrumpnow
Why did you so disrespectfully decline #MajorContributionsFromMexico#VictimsWerePrayingForHelp #TrumpRefusedHelpForVictims @POTUS #Shame
Ok but what about Mexico
Wow! Who knew hurricanes could be so devastating?
last sentence grammar
YOU'RE AMAZING TRUMP!
Obama announced for 12 consecutive days that the Russians hacked the DNC &.@HilaryClinton which we now know was a lie It never happened
Unlike you Chief Clown.
Your scientists already thought about it, saw it coming. But you just didn't listen. Yes THEY are amazing people.
Science isn't infallible, it's a means to understand not a holy gospel for someone to preach without question.
Quién se está ocupando de lo que se está haciendo para restablecer el país A quienes les interesa si la toma d decisiones actual son buenas
Um actually it's no surprise to anyone who actually watched real news stations.
Funny because most believe the devastation left behind by your White House will be more wide spread and significant.
to help with natural disasters, instead of disasters caused by people in charge
God Bless you President Trump!
Obama knew that the Russians hacked the DNC &.@HilaryClinton with the intent of making her loose the election & doesn't say 1 word?
You could learn from this man instead of using disaster to get tax cuts for ur wealthy cronies who don't need it.
Wonderful planning ahead of time, thanks to you. Many lives saved. A lot to rebuild, but even better & more secure.  Congrats on Luke!
Forget about your useless fucking wall & put the money toward helping the hurricane victims & the military! Act like a human being!!
Pay attention !the military has been providing food and water to people stranded in the keys as of yesterday maybe sooner!
Thank you for caring about America. We will organize and fight for You and our country. Be careful listen to Mr. Stone Bannon bodyguard
But still less devastation than you are wreaking upon the world #ToddlerInChief
Not you, that's for sure.
Absolute word vomit.
Prayed several times a day & looks like God answered-couple trees down & debris that was all. Yes-God really does answer prayers-So blessed!
اا
The deviation left by having trump as president in the us is leaving far more damage than any of us expected but we can't get him out...
THAT is America
THE SPIRIT of people 
helping people

watch news of the devastation irma  wow
Trump isn't a right-winger. Trump isn't a left-winger. He's a malignant narcissist who apes the views of anybody who briefly flatters him.
Thank you for acknowledgement, Mr. President.
Felix Sater says "hi".   
google him.
.@realDonaldTrump With the exception of you, you're spending your time tweeting. #Trumpaganda #UnfitToGovern #conman #corrupt
Scientists predicted exactly that kind of devastation. #RESIST #IMPEACH
WTF?! I don't even know what you're trying to say?
And no one is talking about climate change.
