get off of Twitter? You are embarrassed me! I voted for you. Stop .
he's doing everything he said he would. Why are you embarrassed?
Adam? Do you remember the Berlin Wall. This guy is bringing us back to the 50's. Aren't you better than that?
yes, I am. But you're not. You voted for this. And now you're getting it.
thank you for doing everything possible to keep the American people safe. Thank you for giving us hope and a new Direction
Don't worry about the idiots who post negatively Mr. President, half of these clowns did not vote, and most don't work
Oh, you sure about that? Lol. That’s wishful hoping on you Trumpers....the blue wave coming has PLENTY of working voters. U sound scared...
Sir, are you doing anything to  rescue Christians from Egypt? They have become sport for ISIS. I know you're busy but they are dying.
Don't forget the wall.
Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. Top executives coming in at 9:00 A.M. to talk manufa...
Be the leader I voted for...please.
I have noticed the airlines who contract for geoengineering have slowed if not stopped spraying chemtrails on us.  Watch the plants heal
..does United Nations determine which refugees come here? How scary!!!!
.@DonnaJBoese1 @realdonaldtrump ..does United Nations determine which humans come here? How scary!!!! #HumanCrisis
I did not say humans, I said refugees.  Get your facts straight!
Release your tax returns as you promised or GET THE FUCK OUT OF THE WHITE HOUSE. #LiarTrump #FakeNews #DrainTrumpsSwamp
Classy.
Let's be clear: If you support Russian attempts to influence the election, you are not a patriot -- you are a traitor.
 @realDonaldTrump
EVERY admin needs a working relationship w/EVERY govt on this planet. Traitor, I don't think so!
Go get 'em Mr. President.
Good luck Mr President my prayers are with you !
We are praying for you and God bless all you do for our country!
I wish you good luck all of us here in tampa are excited about all the great things to come.
Make us Proud fam!
have a great day. Looking forward to see what changes today brings!
nobody ever protested against Obama,  what are you even talking about grow up!
Don't forget knee-jerk, thoughtless executive orders.
let talk returns #babyhandsPOTUS
is any of this true?
I see Kelly finally took  your Twitter privileges away, you almost sound like an adult... #ResistTrump #RESISTANCE
And Twitter. Don't forget Twitter.
get a job Tony
#fucktrump get a look on our #firstslutlady
stay off twitter think abou helpin the poor people not your rich friends
Did your campaign make an agreement with Russian gov't to downplay intervention in Ukraine in exchange for their support?
Steady as she goes.....we believe.
thank you for checking in Mr. President!
Stop tweeting!!!!
RELEASE YOUR TAXES!!!
Keep up the good work.
all the best to you
so ,. What do you want a medal or a chest to pin it on.  #fakepresident
what about insurance ? Obama care is too expensive!!
I so appreciate this connection you have with US , Keep tweeting, it's working!
thank you for all you are and all you are going to do. I feel safer in my country since 1/20/17 already .
You're on it President Trump! Thank you!
Look forward to our future in the USA from hopeless to hopeful in 72 hours! Thank you President Trump!
Love what Mad Dog did to ISIS last night lol. They never saw it coming, I think they will find things are different now.
Why dont you talk about Automation #elephantintheroom
Make sure you reconsider slashing of ACA, Medicare, social security. Jobs without those national securities is not a winner
he is the president now,give the guy a chance maybe he'll ACTUALLY do u better instead of what we all are thinking
Thank you.  
A kiss is just a kiss. #tRump owes Comey bigly.
He says "Big League" and not "Biggly" - you must listen to Fake News. Educate yourself before you tweet.
Going to give Comey another big hug?
awww no one showed up
are u blind? how can't u see 1.5 million ppl in this photo? ha ha
there you go again worrying about things that have no relevance to helping our nation!
is that why spicer held press briefing to complain about it? your potus is so thin skinned
his press Conference stated facts, also lead to retraction from the media. I bet you forgot!
Not sure I get it. Is Donald afraid of Russia?
I am sure you will give fake numbers then put "PERIOD" at the end and everyone will believe because of the "PERIOD".

Period.
Or he can just go golfing after a reporter is beheaded because guess that's better? Thanks Obama!
It's the white house of lies now. A house full of people who work on "alternative facts"
So did Mr. Transparency @POTUS44 did not go golfing after the death the of a reporter?
Our current president tweeted he called the Pulse Nightclub shooting after it happened.
@POTUS44 spent barely 3 minutes in a half an hour speech talking about the victims.More like a footnote
I said current president, sweety. That was Donald who tweeted he called the shooting.
Yeah and I said @POTUS44 "Sweety".YouTube does wonders for looking up speeches. Barely spent 3 minutes 
#TheResistance #HeWillNotDivideUs
This cartoon would be 100 times better if they used  2 + 2 =4    vs 2 + 2 = 5
To my fellow Patriots a meme to share & keep for use.. Horrible liberals ripping into & mocking  Barron Trump.. a child
there is something ironic about sharing a child's photo asking the Internet to leave them alone.
Imagine if someone had called Chelsea as a child a future rapists how liberals s would howl its child  abuse.
I agree bringing any child into any argument is wrong so why create a meme to share.
Mr Trump & Mrs Trump R fine with Barron being seen in public ..but  not fine with their  child being bullied

Thank you Mr. President. You are a man of your word and a very hard worker. Awesome. 
praying you don't bankrupt them like you did with your own..
lowest approval rating ever first 3 days. Gratz.
I thought of you today. It reminded me to take the garbage out.
keep up the good work!
If you knew anything about national and international security you wouldn't be tweeting.
Who could blame Trump. I hope other world sell out leaders r watching how to b a patriot when negotiating contract with US
So proud you are in command! America needs you!
Those 20 permanent jobs from your pipelines should fix it!
You must be the arithmetic man; you add trouble, subtract pleasure, divide attention, and multiply ignorance.
don't forget you meeting with Vlad, it's in your schedule book.
put your documentary on tv,so they all can know,why....I literally weep for,your safety.....my country  ..bled by such a
Really? Seems like you're too busy monitoring your ratings?!
No, those pants don’t make you look fatter – how could they?
Love your dedication -- and what is your TEE TIME ????  Lololololol.
: 
What do executives have to do with national security!
did not realise you had such a late start, plus 5 minute travel time. Cushy!
@Electrician2014 Chuga Chuga Choo Choo; TrumpTrains full steam ahead...
please take a vacation.  Your pen is destroying our country. Oh and by the way, release your taxes.
u go prez!! Show them what can be done in a short amount of time.  Your supporters out number the screaming meme's!!
You can do more harmful things to America in less time than anyone. Congrats!
yes MR . President Trump we need jobs as many jobs as possible to get this economy running.
very appreciative of the update thank you
Riding on Obama success creating jobs? You rely on corps who were the worst out sourcers...they distorted election
what was the interview like with Putin when he cast you stealing America.
, good Mr President , keep it up
Yo mama so ugly she scared the crap out of the toilet
can you give a guestimate on how long the hiring freeze will last? Thanks!
as a California pole worker we are  forbidden to ask for Voter ID
First four days so amazing.
Can't keep up w/U this week!  GOOD STRATEGY and way 2 go!
...Amazing.week.One...Thank.you.for.all.you.do.for.our.Nation...IT.IS
.NOTICED.BY.THE."PEEPS"..("aka.basket.of.__").?
You are doing for America what Beethoven did for music...truly Revolutionary!
Great to get the "big 3" but don't forget foreign auto companies, like Honda. They build lots of cars lots of car here...
It is unfortunate you already forgot your promise to the vets. Hiring freezes will greatly affect their health.
I wonder if an base health care program for startup plants with so many workers as a credit could help Concepts Jim
are you happy? # screwed the environment ? Or is it you and the Exxon cabinet member that will profit? 
America likes you having that tough guy attitude, don't change stay with it. Push us around we like it. Jus sayin. 
but you put a hiring freeze on federal government jobs 
What are the middle and low executives doing?
Its true.  trumpfs ring is NOT being worn these days. I think she has had it. I don't blame her.
please focus on keeping the pre-existing clause and the kids on parent's insurance til 26.Lifelong dem and I voted for you
Using the same script you used to get your own merchandise manufactured in America?
Thanl You Thank You Mr President God Bless You
your awsome im motivated you will be best president ever
national security and personal insecurity #TinyHandsattheWheel 
..all in or nothing at all is what i say owner C&D Construction of sabine  down in san antonio tx. Wish jobs were here now
Day one sign a federal hiring freeze screw the little guy, give billionaires control of the government nice one
Why don't you start with your own businesses! Don the Con #FakePresident

wonderful

don't forget taking people's Medicaid away and health insurance oh and screwing education
I would give you a nasty look right know but I see you have already got one.
, you getr done
you mean busy week RUINING AMERICA
You are making past Presidents look bad. Just read about Obama's 1st week. His motto: Make foreign Muslims 1st. @realDonaldTrump
NICE!!
have you and ivanka  brought your manufacturing back to the US from China?
shitty world...and they don't get it. their status quo is a vampire on their,neck.we will wake up to a,kalishnikov at us...
stop tweets @3 Am & meet at 7 AM like a man, Instead of a "pussy"! PS You TAUGHT me that word. Thanks
God must have used the face warp app to make you
Thank you for taking time out of your life to lead our country."THANK YOU" can't even begin to express!
Epa Smart way program is a joke. Waist of tax payer  $  need to investigate
you do know there aren't enough people to fill those 25 million jobs you promised, right? What am I saying, of course not.
#gettingitdone  This is how a real President works
Look, you aint funny. Your life is just a joke.
jobs at the expense of the environment is more damaging than "low employment"
THANK YOU, Thank you, Thank you Mr. President Trump. It has been a very hard fought battle these past 18 months!
killing off 79 million people gutting social security and Medicare and aca and unions and va benefits right
Thank you President Trump for the work you have done and will do
Your doing a terrific job, keep it up! We love you!!
tank
Hey, are you going to bring the Trump clothing line back to the US to be manufactured? U R as UNAMERICAN as they come.
Jobs?  Doing what?  Making money for you?  How much are these so called jobs paying?
Your doctor called with your colonoscopy results. Good news – they found your head.
meet beauty queen #Anatasia and talk about China @Uncensoredchina
You are a disaster
You will destroy this country
just think, Donnie Dear, you've got four years of this...  or maybe NOT... Hahaha. Looking a l ragged dude.
Lets see how much damage you can do today, Donnie!.......
So it makes sence to make the vehicles here.
are we talking about your job or your job as predator in chief
you are nothing but sn overgrown child and tyrant! Most hated president ever! Liar!
@Whitehouse you have turned on the American people by supporting big oil.  Why not create jobs in infrastructure instead ?
