BS. You are lying again!!
You're certifiable.

I fear you are going mad. Your paranoia is impairing your judgment and behavior. Sorry, it is over. You should just quit.
Are u paranoid when people r really out 2 hurt u? MSM 95+% negative coverage of our president.
With all due respect, no need for outside media, all he has to do is read the reactions to his tweets. Perhaps then he would change his tune
#altfacts
A human being with common sense- Anti Trump
NYT did not apologize liar. #TrumpRussia #LockDonJrUp #FakePresident #LockThemUp #LockThemUp #LockThemUp
I love that you control the news coverage. Facebook censors conservatives and pro-trump! Shameful
Sweetie, maybe stop tweeting about "Fake News" & tackle something more pressing. Oh, idk like the OPIOID epidemic! 
Periodic reminder that POTUS announced he would declare a national emergency re opioids on Aug. 10. Still no declaration.
No, common sense!

No collusion because no conspiracy dumb-dumb. The same general most non-insane people alread know. You spin bullshit rather than improving!
The idea that Facebook would allow Russia to help Trump is BACKWARDS! Russia wanted Hillary to win!
Hillary would have meant higher oil prices and weak military stance and trade deals (good for Russia)
The Evidence is OVERWHELMING! Russia Tried to Hurt Trump's Campaign, Not Help It http://offendedamerica.com/evidence-overwhelming-russia-tried-hurt-trumps-campaign-not-help/ …
Quoting the site where YOU are the executive editor where you make up lies shows the ethical void that defines propaganda of the alt-right.
Sounds more like paranoia.
Facebook was always anti-Trump.The Networks were always anti-Trump hence,Fake News, @nytimes(apologized) & @WaPo were anti-Trump. Collusion?

You suck. That’s why.
Any sane human being was anti Trump as president
The American people are anti-you. The world is anti-you. Except for your buddy Vlad. Vlad loves you. All the best dictators love you. Sad!
You'll be gone soon!!! Such grevious stupidity gone with you. 
Collision? Or the consequences of being a piece of shit who is reviled & hated by everyone? Hard to tell, hard to tell.
The stuff I saw on Facebook that right-wing relatives posted was all Pro-Trump or anti Hillary.
I know! I know! I know! They're all against you! But it is you who reinforce their influence and prominence with every tweet! Idiot! #MAGA
ya, donald. them, and me too! We're all in it together!
Are you insane?
ALL they talked about was Hillary's Emails! NOW 6 Of your STAFF USING personal email to do WH business! #LockThemAllUp
Oh & if ANYONE deserves an APOLOGY its the American people for you SELLING US OUT to Russia for $ & POWER. Sold out OUR Country. #pathetic

So I guess that means that the MAJORITY of Americans are colluding. The MAJORITY is anti-Trump & it's growing daily.  #Resign
But then you're a liar who lies compulsively about any topic he talks about, so that makes it true. Also everyone is anti-Trump now. Every1!
#PutinsPuppet
Anti-Trump. Yep. That's what happens when you're a disgusting excuse for a human.
You are crazy please resign
The majority of the country - one's with brains - are anti-Trump too.
You know who else was anti-Trump? The American people. You lost the popular vote, and you don't speak for us.
Umm, wasn't Mark Zuckerberg your bro?
Facebook was Anti-Trump?  Why did they allow the Russian government to buy ads to promote you then?
By "Facebook" do you mean Zuckerberg, the management or everyone who uses the Facebook site?  I definitely agree that everyone is Anti-Trump
Dear Mr. Trump. You can delete tweets, but that doesn't erase History!
Do you really believe that by deleting tweets endorsing Luther Strange, it makes it so that it never really happened?  You still lost!
Just like the collusion before the Iraq War, when both ROBERT MUELLER and the NEW YORK TIMES were BOTH arguing that WMDs existed--ALL LIES!
Did they?
DYK: Brennan, just this year, gave Mueller a lifetime achievement award?
one.swamp
Obama, Clinton, FBI, Google, NSA, IC, CIA, Pentagon, Congress swamp - yes, one swamp.
That is a known Fact Mr. President. The Press thinks that we will believe anything and they couldn't have been more wrong. We the People Decide the Truth by the Evidence and they are all LIARS. Especially Zuckerberg and Twitter.
I’m trying hard to figure out the coded msg POTUS but this one has me stumped. I’m gonna need help. Happy New Year!!
I voted for you and sent you what little I had.  You're deep state now and yes, I'm now Anti-Trump!
Sin duda.
@realDonaldTrump @nytimes @wapo
You are real Terorist... Axampol. Afghanistan, filistin, siriya etc muslim killing...Why???  why???
Jealous
If NYT etc is really "sorry" every day they should publish glowing accomplishments of Trump PLUS daily installments of Dinesh's book
#FireMueller
#DeepState
#DrainTheDeepStateSwamp 
#Zuckerberg 
#DrainTheSwamp 
#DrainTheDeepState 
#MAGA
#KAG
Should Robert Mueller be fired in light of illegal actions taken against Michael Cohen?

VOTE & RT!
Your Denial means you're guilty and you know it.
Always...poor Bela Lugosi had the same problem.
Sad.
Mr. Trump, what do you fear if someone is against you. That's live, isn't it?

Why do you talk about. Yourself in the third person?  You sound like Bob Dole (not a compliment).
You don't know the meaning of collusion. Hell, you don't know the meaning of a lot of words.
The only people actually for you are Evangelicals who believe in revenge, cruelty, adultery, pathological lying, mob affiliations,   etc. (Oh and there are Russian bots, lots of those. Russia is pro-Trump.)
facebook is not obliged to be pro Trump he's right to do whatever he wants, is that what we call : Freedom mr trump ! you can't get everything in your pockets just because you are president of usa
Well, actually it is all of the intolerant Left haters who mass report you because they have no ethics or morals, or tolerance for others.
Did you ever think that maybe your the FAKE....
You are a paranoid  old fool, it's not always about you.
@nytimes never aplogized.  Your supporters should be insulted you think they are that dumb
boohoo, stop whining and spewing BS, Facebook was pro trump and anti-clinton, putin absolutely got you elected
No. That many people just actually think you suck.
Facebook is like food stamps. It began as a great idea.
Today there are no fake news in PR USA.People r dying & it's in ur hands.Blood is tainting ur hands as we speak.No pake media Trump.Shameful
Facebook was always anti-trump??Why??
Zuckerberg stole to get rich, like his grandfather Soros. Zuckerberg Lobbied for Soros more than anyone can think. ---Greed is amazing
Not enough people YOU know have the balls to tell you how fucked up you are. They're like you- want something. They want their job.
IT WASN'T FB THAT WAS AGAINST YOU,  IT WAS ALL OF US on FB HATING YOU..SO....WE STILL DO, HATE YOU.
All aforementioned are pro life, pro liberty, pro collaboration, pro truth. That then makes them and me, anti Trump. #notmypresident
Since they were all saying the same things almost verbatim, yes it's obvious they collude every day.
We have many groups that are pro Trump on Facebook. The truth will continue to be revealed!
So, just because someone doesn't like you, them they don't matter? Smh

Designating Biafra's Nnamdi Kanu as an Internationally Protected Person
@UN @hrw @antonioguterres @UNGeneva @UNDP
 http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/designating-biafras-nnamdi-kanu-as-an-internationally_us_59cd2b79e4b0149549227e1e?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 …
It's fake news that the media is all fake news.  Wishing doesn't make it so, Donny!
We know why you are anti NFL
http://www.businessinsider.com/donald-trump-nfl-league-usfl-sued-tweet-three-dollars-2017-9 …
There are teenagers on social media less self-centered than you. You're primarily the president, not a brand.
The majority of Americans are Anti-Trump.
Yes.
You should have taken a hint - most of American's are anti-trump
Hahahaha you are seriously insane! The whole world is laughing at you! Can't wait for the pee pee tapes that will be icing on the cake!
Real ppl were anti trump your bots were probably trump,own it
President please, did you have any plans to reduced the interest for the student loan
Paybacks? Please answer!
Waa waa waa u big crybaby
Sorry to burst ur egotistical facade but it's the people who are anti Trump.  But u have never been known for getting ur facts right.
Repeatedly lying.  NY times never apologized!  You are just married to that lie aren't you?
This is an era of all things FAKE
Try this theory--America is ANTI-tRUMP
Haha.
.. Wait, what? @facebook is anti-Trump because they let pro-Trump accts post & advertise. I know it's that simple, but still..
Delusion!
You got it bigly wrong - the World is anti Trump! Don't waste money on a wall, nobody wants to come in whilst you're President.
Over 70%  of the WORLD is  anti-tRump.. Guess your Living in Space  after you  are  INDICTED.
so it's anti trump?
Decent people are anti-Trump!
Are you on drugs or just deranged? This makes no sense.
Why is anyone who doesn't only Right "positive" things about you #FakeNews YOU are a sensitive little drama queen .. this isn't  Venezuela
Another example of why we are people are anti-Trump.
Social Media & Crazy don't mixed!
Most people with common sense is anti trump.
I remember the anti-Trump posts. People have such short memories. If you tell them something happened over and over they believe it.
Or your just not liked very much?
The economy was roaring before you took office !

What the hell is this tweet? Are you off your medication?
Face book.. russia used it.  We knowit now. you are a liar.


Collusion? Or reality?
Ya know it is collusion.  Just need to find the ring-leader....?
LOL. Do you have any idea what you are talking about?
America was, is and always will be #protrump you are either with us or against us. The #TrumpTrain rolls on
You mean the popular vote is anti Trump. Omg you were never so right.
#StandWithTrump
If you would stick to things that matter and keep your nose out of peoples rights ,there wouldn't be anti Drumpf .
Such a pitiful baby. Grow up for God's sake (and ours). Of course we're anti-Trump. You're a disaster. Nothing fake about. That.
Here's a tip... have a point.  I don't always because I'm easily distracted by squirrels.

STOP WHINING!  YOU'RE THE PRESIDENT, FFS!
Oh dude, there way more entities anti-Trump!! You’re just oblivious to them, but they’re out there. Watching and waiting for you to fuck up!
Collusion? I'm surprised you knew how to spell that correctly and use it in the right context.
but your followers LOVE you and your family---BIG TIME!!!!
Nobody with any brains or integrity would support you!
Actually thanks to Russia Facebook was against Hillary, so your post is Fake News
Does anti-trump mean they use their rights to question or disagree with things cause last I checked that was part of being an American
U know something, I really never believed what commentators have said about U. I now do believe that ur have mental problems. R Wacko Prez!
resign now
Facebook, the networks, newspapers, aren't anti-Trump. They just have a responsibility to report the truth. Sorry if that is hard to accept.
FB is the people's voice...Cry baby
Most people are anti trump
Thats why I like all those orgs. #AntiTrump is the only rational position for someone who wants #justice now and #hope for a better future.
Keep doing what ur doing like helping Texas
YOU AREN'T MY PRESIDENT BUT YOU MAKE ME WANT TO MUTINY

Wow. Are we hurting your feelings?
Collusion of correct thinkers.
Liar  there were pro trump Russian bots on Facebook and twitter
Trump again building up an excuse for his corruptions & outrageous lies...

Are you going to report on trumps mess tonight! Puerto Rico #TRUMPSKATRINA
The whole world knows u were and r in bed with Russia. We r all just waiting for the investigation to be over to get the truth
#Support_Kurdistan
#ادعموا_كُردستان
Yeah. Keep telling yourself that.
Trump supporters went on Facebook to debunk the false liberal Fascist lies from the Left. Facebook is the political arm of the Fascist Left.
No, common sense.

Can you give me the name of this Senator so I can send a card?

You're right. Everyone hates you Donald. They all do. Resign.
Again, it is only fake news when it is bad news.  These Facebook ads were there to help you so by your definition they CANNOT be fake news!
Collusion? Don't you mean delusion?
You flip flop so much in what you say!!
I've debated many times with Trump supporters on Facebook. In fact, one staunch conservative runs a small town online newspaper on Facebook.
 making ths abt u. It's more than thr we're opposed 2 the "idea" of you. 2 admit you exist in reality would be defeat.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o75Bu7wAPks …

