Why are you retweeting things we all know you don't believe?
@realDonaldTrump unless their god is the God of the Koran, right Little Donnie, or if their nation is one of the 7 on your list.
Does this make you feel better? Because it seems COMPLETELY FAKE to most of us.
I love Mother T
Except for trans, muslims, dreamers, anyone unlike you amirite?
Which God?
The comments on here are astonishing, I never thought I'd see so much hate coming from the left, and to bash Mother Teresa? So sad
Despicable people. The woman was a saint.
praise the Lord!!!
Ask Joe. He's always talking sexist and racist shit anout Latinas. Maybe there is a fine line, huh, Joe?
RT @Inspire_Us: No color, no religion, no nationality should come between us, we are all children of God. - Mother Teres...
So true!!
@NFL Hey, look, Don stands with you in letting nothing divide Americans.
A President who hates Muslims, Mexicans & stands with Nazis/KKK retweets a Mother Teresa quote abt race and religion.  #MotivationMonday
He does not hate Muslims...doesn't hate anyone. He is trying to stop anyone from entering our country illegally and hurting us, trafficking
He said that all people coming from Mezico were rapists and did not apologize for that sweeping generalization.
That's racism.
Fake news! Somebody told you that, he never said it! You have heard one of your sheep say it!
Yeah didn't you know Rose, we are all just imagining that Trump is a fountain of racism... If only we could be as smart as Trumpkins...
Birtherism Is Racism. And Donald Trump Is A Racist.
Donald Trump pardons Joe Arpaio, former sheriff convicted in racial profiling case
Clip #1: Trump Calls Mexican's Rapists https://youtu.be/TML2cApMueU  via @YouTube
Bawaaaha,  Trump is polar opposite of the virtues of Mother Teresa..
How dare you quote Mother Teresa
Word salad coming from you
You retweeting a Mr Mother Theresa quote is rich. How do you sleep at night? Oh, yeah, you don't, you tweet.
"I have the best genes." - Donald Trump #ImpeachTrump
Now take away Mother Teresa's Meals on Wheels program
Mother Teresa is looking down frowning at you POTUS, try heeding her words.
Too bad and so sad you don't understand what it means!
Take her name out of your mouth!
Yes, unless you were locked in an AZ concentration camp or randomly profiled by Sheriff Joe...
Yet you are the most divisive human in the history of the US.  Interesting, #Resign
Why the everloving fuck did Trump retweet this?
He doesn't hate anyone, lol. And he never directly said he "hates" muslims or any one else. So idk why people are assuming things
TRUMP - I DOUBLE-DOG DARE YOU to read this saying AT YOUR NEXT whine-fest RALLY!!
3 Years, 4 Months, 23 Days, 3 Hours, 48 Minutes, and 12 Seconds
It doesn't look like you are calculating the time after his re election.  You live in a bubble, yes he will be re elected.
?
You should wash ur mouth talking about Mother Teresa, she's wayyyyy above u
Will you be stopping the US drone bombing of God's children and discriminating against Muslims? #Impeach45 #25thAmendmentNow #FakeChristian
"Character has no color" be judged on what you say, believe and do. "Strength & Honor".. Militis805

Retweeting Mother Teresa doesn't make you a Saint!
Ed he is trying to unify the country.
"Unify" Ok
Rting Mother Teresa won't unify the country when all of his actions methodically dismantle that unity. Obama unified. tRUmp destroys.
You are mistaken. Obama took weeks to address Chicago. BLM threatened police, they were invited to White House. 
He divided so much.
Are you serious with this you lunatic?No nationality should come between us? U have been drinking again and it's Monday morning! #northkorea
He probably thinks Mother Teresa is the other Aunt Jemima...
Seems to me the color orange has definitely divided us.
By golfing and bankrupting secret service on his trips to his own properties? He's the bad hombre.
CNN much?
Actually no. Troll much?
Aww.  I've struck a nerve 
How does that pertain to your Muslim ban?
If only you believed those words. Then acted accordingly.
You aren't allowed to quote Mother Teresa.
I guess someone told u to mention the religion thing.....
A supporter of Neo-Nazis, The Alt-Right & White Supremacist who's AntiMuslim, AntiGay, AntiMexican quotes Mother Teresa.
OH THE #HYPOCRISY!
Mother Teresa was a deplorable human being
Here's one of your hypocritical supporters.  I hope his house floods.. KARMA!
This retweet would mean more if your previous two weren't from notorious birthers. 

GFYS.
https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2017/06/donald-trump-rich-people-poor-people …

But if your poor...amiright Donny?
How's this for an inspirational quote #TrumpResign
You really believe this, Trump? You sure don't act like it.
Nice quote, but Trump doesn't act like he believes this. Can't hide who you are from God. He knows what's really in your heart.
Omfg, YOU, @realDonaldTrump, are empowering white christians and painting POC in a constant bad light.
You, @realDonaldTrump, just pardoned a racist and tweeted about a wall during a hurricane.
I'd say drop the act but you're laughably transparent.
Seriously?  How will your #WhiteSupremacist base react?
( @BreitbartNews )

#Trump in #Texas 

#Charlottesville #TrumpRussia
@realDonaldTrump POTUS who hates Mexicans, Blacks & Muslims & supports Nazis & KKK retwts Mo Theresa quote abt race - Really?
Lol stop creating your own truth! I think the people that cry racism are the most racist of all! Search 4 the positive!
NO USUALLY THE ONE'S THAT SAY THEY'RE NOT RACSIT ARE!. AND POINT THE FINGER AT THOSE THAT ARE TARGET'S OF RACISM!. GOD IS NOT MOCKED!.
Really? Because I'm the target of racism everyday!
Be not deceived God is not mocked for whatsoever a man sow that shall he also reap!.
Why do you like your own comments? 
Cause I approve my message and need nobody else to approve it!.
Well it's great you like what you say! Confidence ur self
@realDonaldTrump okay but you just tweeted a bunch of other divisive things instead of focusing on bringing us together.
Hate consumes your soul.
Actually would it not be your soul filled with hate whereas you cannot show respect or compromise for your president?
Absolutely and continued to hope for change in our country not the division, debt, and dictatorship style Ocare....!!!
Nope not happy with govt at all. Career politicians need to go...both sides supposed to work for ALL Americans they are not doing their jobs
@realDonaldTrump don't bullshit us !
...unless you're black, Hispanic, Muslim, or from a middle eastern country, right???
I'm a nationalist and I think this is beautiful
You can't take sides against other people in other nations; we have to love & forgive ourselves & one another even as God loves each of us!
I do declare the Woman is right.
Hilarious coming from a racist bigot (just ask his KKK & Nazi friends).
There is no evidence for the existence of a God.
There is, however, evidence, that a god is superfluous to requirements.
I suppose.
If the DNA bases can under certain conditions spontaneously form, then simple DNA is not far behind, and the rest follows.
This would prove a supernatural God is not necessary in the universe?
Doesn't it? Life can form without a god, so where is a god needed to create the Universe and all that's therein?
Makes sense. Hawking said this, right?
No, I did.
Hey Donald- Don't go re-tweeting quotes of Mother Teresa's, when you stand AGAINST, every decent thing she stood FOR.
Please leave DACA here
Dude. Seriously?
Children of god? Which god?
Something doesn't seem right for a man who said "grab them by the pussy," to quote Mother Teresa.
You insult her by quoting her. You are the antithesis (google it) of Mother Teresa.  #YouSellfservingHypocrite
But I do not think that you believe a word of this
Look up Gandhi for your next fake post.
@realDonaldTrump -- You, sir, are no Mother Teresa.
A man who is on audio discussing grabbing women by their pussies should not be re-tweeting quotes by Mother Teresa.
Again with the God stuff. No proof or evidence.
I love you and your whole family President Trump! I'm so thankful for you! I pray for you daily! God Bless you & your whole family!
What a nice idea may be one day
this doesn't make sense… 
Since you're a known racist, and hate just about every person in America, I'm curious as to why you would post this.
Beautiful.

Try being truthful for once: You don't believe that, do you? You just re-tweeted it because it sounds good.
I am following people back who follow me
@realDonaldTrump Assumption is that you read that none of above will 'come between us' as none will 'come amongst us' #FakePOTUS #resist
If only @realDonaldTrump actually believed this and acted like he believes it.
People are saying this tweet is hypocritical but it's not. Trump thinks the "We" are just white people. It makes perfect sense to him.
Mother Teresa would spit in Trump's face.
#DonaldTrump really is the person I think of next when I hear #MotherTheresa!
Thx for this precious RT, #djt!
I agree 100 %
Then why are you trying to keep the Mexicans out with that ridiculous wall you're trying to build?  Or defend racists?
Yes that was Mother Teresa, not 45.
Except for people who denounce our God who even God will tell them when they get there....I do not know you
Yes we are
Why post this if you're not willing to follow it? It's a shame you don't feel this way. You've torn out country a part, it's sickening!
Don the con, your action speak, no, they scream way louder than your words. Who believes you anymore or ever? Not Americans.
Agolf Twitler is the most UNGODLY of men.  He only mentions God to appeal to his Christian Right supporters.
Too little to late.  You've already shown your true colors.
Never before has a president done the bidding of a foreign power and crippled the critical functions of his own government! TRAITOR!
then one has to ask why the D. continues to play the race card?
Retweeted by the guy who said Mexicans are rapists
This retweet didn't get many likes. Could it be that your supporters don't agree?
Says Donald after he pardons Arpaio the criminal/racist animal  #WednesdayWisdom
Don't forget to mention sexuality too so transgenders have the right to join the military. They are humans too
"Unless of course, you're Mexican. Then we should put a wall between us." - Brother Tormentus agreeing w/ @POTUS thoughts on Mother Teresa.
What the hell? Trump does not show that he believes this.
YOU have NO RIGHT to tweet Mother Teresa quotes! YOU are the antithesis of EVERYTHING she believed in and stands for!
Until islam comes in the picture. Then you have a whole new ball of wax.
Pardon a racists one day. Quote Mother Teresa the next.
This fake president is so racial.  The picture showing him kissing a black baby took all he had to make it happen.  The baby wasn't happy 2.
Talk about hypocritical for you to tweet that. Amazing...
Too bad you don't practice this and call out white supremicists . Oh that's right they're your only supporters. Sad!
Svetlana fidanian
Trump is a child of satan. What you mean?
gosh, and why exactly are you RT this? Does it inspire you? If so, since when??????
Not the fucking Muslims though. She never meant them!
Mother Teresa is pretty close to God.  Be careful with that one, Trump!  That could sting ...
We are all children of Trump and god. Trump might even be our God who is saving our proud nation America with new ideas and strenghtness.
U MIGHT WANT TO TATOO THIS ON UR CHEST 2 REMIND U OF THAT AS U MALIGN ALL MUSLIMS & IGNORE JEWISH PEOPLE!!!!
are rescuing the community inhabitable conditions
In God pass my regards to the needy.
Tony T Makwavarara
Did Gen. Kelly make you tweet that or was it Rex Tillerson or Cohn? #loserdonny
@realDonaldTrump Mother Teresa would be appalled by you.
You don't get to upload yourself beating up the press and then post a mother Theresa quote. You're more of a Satan guy come on! Lol
Wow....  just wow.
Sigh. Maybe after this Christian Nazi, America will finally vote for an atheist president who believes is scientific progress.
You need to honor this code and LEAVE RACIST
She also said
"I think the world is being much helped by the suffering of the poor people,"
@realDonaldTrump Maybe you should take this advise yourself No. 45!!!!  Practice what you preach.
SHOULD & WOULD R WORDS REQUIRING CHOICE. PEOPLE R PRONE 2 LISTEN 2 PROPAGANDA & FOLLOW ACCORDING 2 GROUPS. HAVE 2 BE TAUGHT IN DIFF. WAYS.
@realDonaldTrump Thank you for being on top of things!  tho You need a better policy for Dreamers a lot of good people. Lottery? Merits?
Nice that you tweet this but obviously you don't believe it
Wow quoting Mother Teresa. Maybe all our prayers may actually get Jesus to save your crazy ass after all! I'm gonna keep praying for you...
Shouldn't every American hope the POTUS learns from the wisdom of people like mother Teresa? Wouldn't you call that progress? Why the hate?
Live just a little like Mother Teresa and USA will be fine, NO WALL, it is so unnecessary, Sir, please rethink this WALL?
How cold & uncomfortable u & wife looked in Texas.
Donald, do you even know what this quote means? No, you can't because it is the antithesis of your words & actions. How dare you quote her!
If only you truly believed this.
What a crock of BS, coming from @realDonaldTrump perhaps the most hypocritical thing I've ever read.
You don't believe that. You have made me and other Americans of color feel like you're just faking it. We can't trust you and that's a shame
@realDonaldTrump your hypocrisy beyond disgusts me #keepDACA

Then act like it you dolt!
Including the Dreamers!
Lordy
And yet you refused help from Mexico.
Except those blacks you woukdnt rent to.
WE ARE ALL CHILDREN OF GOD!
IT'S ABOUT TIME WE ALL ACTED LIKE IT!

U...epitome of ALTRUISM 4yr bros/sistrs! Selfless do-gooder! We assoc U w/MothrTersa!Yr selfish need4attn cld cost lives. Surv TXw/drone 
This is a joke right? You banned muslims and sided with Nazis. Remember?
Except 45 he doesn't even have empathy or respect for first responders and lives lost to Harvey! He's the antithetical of Mother Teresa
You've made it abundantly clear that you don't truly believe that, so why don't you just go have a hissy fit in the corner & leave us alone?
Do you even KNOW the definition of IRONIC?  Because YOU retweeting this post is it!
Then stop the persecution of browns and blacks, Muslims, and Middle Easterners. What a sick joke.
We need separation of church and state.  We need separation of power and hate.
What a nice fairy tale...2 Damn BAD AmeriKKKa doesn't follow this great quote. Great ex: The pardon of ex-Sheriff Joe Arpaio. #USCriminals
trumps-long-history-of-racism-w497876
No David,real God hasn't children he just create the human beings...so his speaker told me....
No, @realDonaldTrump   There's you, your family, your pals. Then there is the rest of us. Spare us your bullshit. We know who and what u r.
Morning Joe is very interesting this AM. Sweating ur arse off Donnyboy?  It's Mueller time. U r sooo busted.
Trump family values
Funny how Trump has to retweet others posts to make himself look like he cares or has a single prolific thought. Sad!
Yeah, Trump, that's why you were blocked on your illegal unconstitutioanl religious-based Muslim ban.
@realDonaldTrump The holy war within the dark night of the soul
Beautiful Quote Mr. President, Thanks 4 sharing. I C a lot of Demons spewing HATE & RAGE against U. Don't worry,GOD IS IN CONTROL
You *literally* just pardoned a widely-known bigot who joked about running a 'concentration camp.' The jig is up.
But you turned out to be a bad seed... ...who should have been locked in the basement... ... ...better yet, in another dimension...
Too bad U don't practice the words put forth by #MotherTeresa.
#Birtherism #CentralPark5
Yet you still sided with with white supremacists????????????????????????????
"Hmmm..I'm bored,let my little hands search google for some inspirational quotes today" cant come up with anything witty on your own Donald

Is this a joke? Practice what you preach. Pardon a racist, defend white supremacists, and insults other races.

"Children of God",doesnt make sense...Who and where is God,and which God,dont say JC lol
tell that to the transgender military people you banned, the Mexicans you insult, the immigrants you demonize, the women you disrespect.
Il ose tout ce type, il me régale !
