ROFLMAO the only one #Fake is you. Your in over your head and the world is laughing at YOU ..Ha,ha,ha,h,ha,ha,ha,ha,ha,ha,ha,ha,ha,ha,ha,ha
Pres I can't imagine what your feeling. So many, shooting bullets at you. I'm behind you and support you. But I'm sick of this charade.
Because you are, your stating how worried you are about yourself. Which causes a need for others to put you in your place.
Me President, keep it up!  Never stop!!  We conservative true patriots love you and pray for you!!
USA an increasingly isolated nation, in a death spiral. So sad.
Really? If you mean from the EU, Thank you.  We're not sad here, job rate moving up every month unemployment down,stock market all time high
A president that cares about his people. don't worry about us, we're doing fine. Stop watching fake news, is not good for you.
How are you better off he's just looking after himself and his mates. You really think he cares about the poor? He is a property developer.
show me one example of what your saying is true. after you look at the economic statistics from January to now. Then look at what Obama did.
He had to deal with the greed drive GFC.... the whole world went to crap. How long before blue collar America realizes DT is a fraud.
Funny when other countries lecture us on how to be more like them.The days of using America are over. No more free rides on US tax payer $$$
Brainwashed... USA used to be respected..... no longer, insular and selfish...
President -  you are MAGNIFICENT.  History will record you are the greatest President of all.  We Constitutional rational citizens SUPPORT.
If you tell "the real story" it will be all bullshit. Like ypu. You Putz.
So true. The MSM is so unfair. It has the AUDACITY to report the things that you have ACTUALLY SAID and DONE! Since you created the FAKE @TIME cover before, I want to help. I have some ideas for some additional covers. Tell me what you think.
Just keep it up Mr. President. We appreciate it your candor!
We know POTUS. We have your back and never doubted your integrity! Strength for America!! Keep Fighting!! We Will Not Back Down!!!
You got that right, Most Honorable President Trump ! Luv ya !
Then tell Americans medical providers are soon to be number one killer of Christian Americans under your administration
Why Trump won: Because he's elite but not an elitist.
Why Trump is being attacked by elitists: Because he's not an elitist.
All the complaints about liberals ...the GOP cried for the last 8 years. And all of these false Christians...true christians do not judge
Yes indeed I support you and your great work for  United States and the world  As the president of justice and  looking forward to hear it.
@POTUS plz CANCEL daily briefing. Throw these WH #FakeNewsMedia out of WH. They dont report news but slander, distort, twist the fact
This is only true in bizzaro trumpland. You are the biggest liar ever seen in American politics.
So glad @POTUS saw this tweet. I was worried. #patyourselfontheback
I love how reporting what you say and do is what you call fake news. Ironic.

Ty Trump for the real truth so hyped better than CNN Media said same thing over & over 24/7 but nothing there there always pissed?confused? 
Putin is visiting the French president. I wonder what they would say if Putin come and visit you
I JUST DON'T UNDERSTAND WHY THE DEMS CAN'T ACCEPT POTUS IS TRUMP. WITH THE UNREST +TERRORISM IN THE WORLD RIGHT NOW, THEY'D TRY PRO-USA NOW!
Oh believe me, we would LOVE to hear the real story. Feel free to start telling us that any time. ANYTIME
Resign.
He's back everybody!!!
Day after day after day, lies, lies, lies and more lies, everyone has caught on you are a nothing to everyone who speaks your name.
Thank you for not breaking our algorithm, @realDonaldTrump!
I think it's hilarious that you've tweeted about Kristen Stewart 13 times and you haven't deleted them yet
Your trip was one cringe-worthy moment after another. You embarrass all Americans.
Fake news from you.  He doesn’t embarrass me.
The only thing fake is anything coming out of that filthy mouth of yours.
Mr.D.Trump don't play hiprocacy game!!
Yep good old MSNBC CNN those idiots never stop
You are such an embarrassment please go live with you bff Putin #TrumpTaxReturns #Trumprussia
They charge me 80 a month for processing what does the mother pay I can't claim child support on my taxes so everything she gets is free
You are human garbage.




So cool that you feel the same as most of the world about Trump, I love your work, I listened to Voice of Chunk yesterday
The Fake News Media works hard at disparaging &amp; demeaning my use of social media because they don't want America to ...
Fake President
Mr. President, please do not sign that Omnibus bill.  That is the worse thing you can do.
Preach it! Moat of America has no idea what's going on behind "Wizard of Oz's curtain, too afraid to look
FEAR IS HUMAN ,PRAYER IS A SUPERNATURAL  REMEDY   PROVIDED BY GOD . GDBS
i notice that your tweets are getting more likes, sounds like someone noticed that you were getting ratioed and started using more bots to compensate
They are but-hurt.
Prayers for all leaders is a  bibical command. True Christians DO IT.
I stand with you Mr. President the MSM will not keep me from supporting you. I don't think anyone is falling for their lies #Trump #2020
OK, please tell us, what good have you ever done for the world. Not for yourself, not for your family, good for the world.
I’m sure a whole lot more than you. Leave my President alone.
As soon as he starts to act presidential.
It's like Comedy Central to me
Did you take any notice of the #HeroismInPortland, Mr.@Potus? Two men died standing up to hatred. The hatred was an echo of your own words.
Portland murderer: "Get Off the Bus & Get Out of the Country”

Donald J. Trump: "We’re going to get them the hell out of our country."
He was registered Libertarian, supported Bernie in his campaign, but voted for Trump in the end. Can't get much more confused.
That would make more sense. Except for his tirade
Yeah, tell us the Real Story you lying sack of shit
So many lies come out of his mouth it's insane.
Sophie -  I had an ostrich named Sophie.  Like you, a head buried in sand.
lol repeating yet another urban myth with no basis in fact!
Pretty much Gay. Mind you I don't mind being called an ostrich piss em off and they will give a killer kick 
Plus, very strong beaks that can crunch a man's arm in two, or chomp their balls, not that this moron has any - #keyboardwarrior
You just confirmed the fact that liberals are hateful, arrogant, fowl mouthed, and grossly lacking in honor.
You forgot, with an awesome sense of humour, sadly lacking in you! Talk about pots & kettles!
Stay !
No #TraitorTrump
The FREE PRESS, reports FACTS to Americans, b/c there is a Cheeto clown & menagerie of LIARS in the WH
#Trumprussia
#COWARD
WSJ: NATO E.U. Depleted Armies land, sea, and air forces;years of defense cutbacks, officials acknowledge POTUS' G.D.P.needs > 2%.
Only 200 showed up at their San Diego rally today.  Mainstream Democrats are waking up.  Only peeps left are those being paid to be there.
I think everyone is more worried about you giving our secrets to the Russians.
You lie all the time. How can you, in good conscience, tweet something like this? The news is not fake.
Do you not see the hypocrisy in you talking about fake news. Almost everything that comes out of your mouth is a lie
That's right! We know the real story. It's easy for anyone with a heart and a brain to see.
Well... that and you seem kinda nuts when you use social media. #justsayin
Real story on what you're not doing to improve our lives. A little thing like global warming should be on your agenda
True
Nice
@realDonaldTrump how do you function without a brain?  I suggest you see the wizard of Oz.  He's real not fake.
Grow up and act like the president and not a spoiled little brat. Enough with the "fake news" crap.
You can say Fake News until you're blue in the face. The word is Propaganda and you are the best at it.
You know we watch your Twitter more than the news anyway
Don't stop talking to the people. You are the only president I have ever had that tried to keep Americans informed of what is going on!
The news is not fake when they call you out on your lies. Someone has to keep checks and balances in place unlike our gutless congress
What is the real story a red neck oh I forgot red hat that cant take responsibility for being wrong and stupid ,
Totally agree with you President Trump!
sure whatever lines your pocket at night
Unhelpful.
Yeah it's ok until you go back and fourth with another person. Your the President and you don't need to be doing that kind of stuff
"WE THE PEOPLE" want the leaker found an prosecuted to the fullest extant of the LAW , find and prosecute, STOP THE LEAKS
Amen to that!
Take control @realDonaldTrump
No, you don't want the minority voters of your supporters to know the truth of you & yr fake news.
The only thing fake is your orange Cheryl tan
The real story is that you are crooked and I'll prepared to run this country.
Ill prepared and not in a stable frame of mind. Extortion by the Russian s is driving you to failure.
it's more like the other way around Donald
All they have to do is show your juvenile tweets and the discrediting kind of takes care of itself.
We love you President Trump!! Make it another great day for America! We support and appreciate you! #MAGA  #AmericaFirst
We love your tweets! You undermine your own presidency. Tweet on!!
Because all you do is lie!
The real story in 140 characters or less! That's about all you can handle. #REALmeanLIES
Real news - POTUS you spent more time on a golf course in the 1st 100 days than the previous 4 Presidents.
Says the list of all liars ... Everybody knows it, or what ?
You work hard at demeaning use of social media & the real story is U bring no progress toward your agenda.
Hope you can get Jared sentenced to serve his time in a Russian prison so you and roommate Snowden can visit after you flee
Jews run the media we know the run all medias. When will you get them out of the White House
Um why would they not
I thank god everyday that you are our President. Thank God for social media.
We've all been to those events where the losers lose it. Woke up this morning and still winning. Winners still winning

James Commie could use a good waterboarding!
Oh, we know the true story. I met u during your Roy Cohn days. You remember Roy? Your idol? Should I tell what u told me then?
You are a liar and an utter embarrassment
Right. Can't stand their disregard for news with integrity. Prayimg for you and your family Donald. Great job!!
just like laughing at you 
Boo Hoo. Crybaby. Sad
Maybe the new healthcare plan could include psychotherapy for liberal haters.  From some of their tweets, they could really use it.  #MAGA
I GOT TWITTER TO WATCH YOUR TWITTER STORIES.  YOU ARE A GIFT FROM JESUS. THE WHITE HOUSE DESERVES A WHITE MAN.
Still waiting on that. Are you resigning?
No. They are disparaging because they love America and they are horrified at how embarrassing our president is on social media.
@POTUS Uuuhhhhh...Pumpkinhead...we're hearing the real story that's in your head... #resist #AlternativeFacts #gaslighting
I don't actually think that's the real reason. They do it because it's comedic.
You have lost your credibility!!!!
Mr.President,you need to understand that 50% of CNN employees are on some sort of medication.The remaining 50% are running around untreated.
YOU ARE FAKE NEWS.
The problem is the Real News Media can't find many nice things to say either. Maybe the problem isn't so much the media as it is You!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA wait, you're serious?
I disagree. I feel that sometimes you're very demeaning to your own people you have to back your people you have to be consistent.
No, it's because it's a a train wreck and we just can't look away.
To be honest, I'm not totally sure that I'm really responding the US President...
This is true! We r still behind u President Trump!Stay strong 
It's funny even the left follows youLove the tweets
Your absolutely right! We see through the BS though I get my news from 700 Club and your tweets!
God Bless Trump #MAGA
Just stop Tweeting already you Putz!@realDonaldTrump #notmypresident
President Trump & your family R supported by millions. We R not as rude & vulgar as  democrates & liberal haters.  AMERICANS GOT YOUR BACK!
@POTUS       América First.
Fake news?! All of your words are fake, fake hair, fake skin, fake, fake fake!
Always concerned when, the White House says...or the Pentagon says...neither can speak...so glad you are speaking directly to us.
God Bless You
Aren't these tweeters cute? Venom filled probably can't even smile. Keep on going Potus I'm praying for you and your team.
THE NW INDIANA DEPT. OF CHILD SERVICES WORKS HARD AT DEMEANING ANYONE WHO CALLS THEM ON THEIR UNLAWFUL, UNCONSTITUTIONAL UNETHICAL ACTIONS
Thank you for giving it to a straight sir
We need to stop listening to the fake news. Let them know we don't care what they do or say. Kick them all out of the briefing room.
Here's  ur disparaging & demeaning, You're  full of it!!!
Actually they don't have to because you do it all by yourself
Keep tweeting but say smarter things. Like  in your face with a. Spice cake you cupcakes
Hahahahaa
you would not know the truth if it jumped up and bit your balls.
#MSM is  @CNN @maddow @MSN @MSNBC @FoxNews @ABC @CBSNews @NBCNews #WeThePeople  pay them no attention. They r the #PoliticalWhores of @DNC
You can trust me in this that that is why you are the president irregardless of their attacks and lies.
what? they don't want us to hear twitter rants that make no sense at all most of the time or are so insensitive it makes the devil cry
I would like you to move the us embise to Jerusalem then I would like you to look at a plane I have for clean energy
Oh we hear the real story with the non-FAKE news! TRAITOR! YOU'RE GOING TO JAIL LOL
You are not the real story. You are a bag of hot air and hubris.
Excoriating, disparaging and demeaning on the same day. Somebody has a thesaurus by the bed.
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaaa idiot
Trump,how about telling the truth! That would be a first for you!
And that's hugely important... thanks for sharing
Most supportive comments of Trump are Bots set up by Bannon to fool people into arguing to waste their time. Trump is a crackpot. Impeach.
Fake president
Here's the real story, America is great! Let them keep telling you it isn't and who's to blame for it. #SAD# Try something new America first
Twitter, Rallies & News conferences are the only way we hear the real story. The media  is mostly biased except Hannity, Tucker & F&F.
I'm not sure if that's why
You liked your own post... I love me, who do you love?
You go Donald you're doing what you said you would do and that's more than all the presidents before you put together you go buddy 100%
The REAL STORY is that you are nuts and unfit to hold the highest office in the world!
That's not it; we're simply tired of your lies.
Keep writing us Trump. We can't believe Media anymore. Love your Tweets. Stop daily briefings. Obama never did it. State of Union twice/yr.
