trump everyone with common sense knows you got putan to hack and get you elected.
What will you do now if he turns on u
Resign.
“A close Trump friend who was also a good Bill Clinton friend found them eerily similar—except that Clinton had a respectable front and Trump did not.”

Also, Clinton is highly intelligent. You’re a fraud.
The insanity of your voters
stop tweeting and help your countrymen!
we will never let you down Donald
No.  Just give them some time to see who you really are.
Lowest popular vote in history. Keep your ego in check, Trump
What you call passion, we see for anger, frustration, and desperation.
@strongmind_love Just keep going Mr. President. Kick their asses! Keep pushing forward. We'll shout down the left!
oh, will beat not only your supporters but Russia too. You couldn't win wtout Russia help, swallow that.
Buud a wall in your own back yard.u are a descent if immigrants from Europe
you lost by 3 million votes....
you lost  the  majority the  people  don't  want  you
@Trumpified_King NEVER
Trump won't fail...he will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN...just to prove he can. and if ya want to protest it...move to MEXICO!
: 
Fawning in delusions again?
you say passion i say insanity
comneys letter is only reason she lost
your voters were brain washed
I believe the word you were looking for was "racism" or maybe "bigotry"?
3 million more people voted for her and now you are our pres. please stop bashing her. you are dividing the USA.
BuzzFeed knows you best
you are a liar and cheater Trump the dump
you are a liar and cheater ,love CNN
Passion does not trump intelligence.  You LOSE.
#Trump's voters' passion was too hot to handle #MAGA.
/ EXACTLY !
my able world president,pl extend you hand of miracle to Nigeria, we are finished by wicked politicians.
And by PASSION you of course mean BIGOTRY.
Dude, half of your voters were passionately duped by FAKE NEWS/Russian disinformation; your approval ratings=lowest EVER!
Nobody cares what they say but when you become president  please do something about att
as in passion gala hate and fear! You all disgust me. #NotMyPresident
I hate autocorrect... passion equals hate and fear?!!! #hatemonger
you won because of the ileagal info the fbi put out enfesis on illegal donald
go Donald go
we need prayers for our new president, if he fails we fail as a country.
but you lost the popular vote menso.
#NotMyPresident
Hey, you have something on your chin...3rd one down.
Your head's so big that it has its own postcode
You lied you said you were ugly, you're not, you're hideous
Hey, you have something on your chin... third one down...
You're going to repeal the act on the 20th? The deadline is 2 days away...I'm not paying the fine.
there is a difference between passion and crazy.  Guess where your supporters fit in. Crazy.
Your ears are so big when you stand on a mountain they look like trophy handles
Can I borrow your face for Halloween?
I thought u r the president!! Stop being immature
they beat you by 2.8 million votes. You lost popular vote !! We who did not vote for you are watching.
you had f b I's help and Russia's help admit it
tell congress to quit stealing fro m social security!
Hillary won the popular vote and that is what America wanted---HILLARY!  Sorry, but true!
no sir, you saw what was happening in the last two weeks and you took care of that
think god and you are 45 presidents god has give the USA one more chance
Your voters got peanut for a brain was easy to brainwash them..
One man's passion is an intelliegent person's stupidity!
oh brither boy, you have yet to see the passion of her supporters.
@Brendy438 The Democrats were delusional ;they assumed THEREevil ways would work against aGODLY man
why are you still whinging about Hillary. You won. Although that means America will lose.
The so-called "passion" of your supporters on display at your rallies is a misleading euphemism  for "violence," "aggression" and "hatred."
Hey Donald, I'm not a reporter, can I see your tax returns?
Stop talking about Hillary, and talk about how to build wall you promised!
why say Hillary and the dems? The election is over. We're all Americans, including Hillary. Stop trying to further divide.
No Way!
they could  not  match the determination  of the  people our supportors
Thank CNN and Obama for helping you out.....it was soooo distorted.........it was like W Bush not being needed on campaign
that's why she had 3 million more votes dummy!
Release your taxes
liar
your voters were 2 million short of the popular vote. You won w/electoral college. Outdated and dangerous!
just the time Comey leaked the fake intel on Hilary
By 'passion', of course, you mean rabid racism, thuggish violence, intimidation & ludicrous chanting like drunken 6yr-olds?
that bitch will never beat power of prayer. I went to the praying hands in Tulsa for you.
Passion of your voters?  What about the people who voted for Hillary, 2.8 million stronger than your voters. Wake up, you lost popular vote
dude, she got 3 million more votes than you. You won because of a seriously flawed system.
So right!
I care about seeing your tax returns, please. Just wanted you to know I'm out here and I care. @ClevahGuhl #trumptrash
 Hillary
she did beat you
Amen!
stick to your guns! It seems like no matter what you say or do they are after you.
you need to stop
passion ha! #BasketOfDeplorables #lameduckdonny
Probably true, but they eclipse your voters in intelligence, education, numeracy, class, dignity, judgement, and character.
you do understand that you got beaten in the popular vote, right? More amaricans did not want you to be president than did.
seriously. This is who we elected to be our president. I can't.
way to pump them up. Lol
you just won't acknowledge that more Americans in this country voted for Hillary than you, will you????
and tweeted that with passion as a proud republican I'm spite of your whole new world of crazy
omg it's not all about you or your voters !!!  Win the rest over by stopping your rediculous nany nany poo poo tweets!!!!
honestly when are you going to stop bragging about the election. Everyone knows you "won" buddy, give it a rest.
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and crap out a smarter comeback than what you just said.
Look, you aint funny. Your life is just a joke.
Being around you is like having a cancer of the soul.
You are the greatest accident mother nature has ever encountered
I may be fat, but you're ugly, and I can diet.
you say passion, I say poorly educated, delusional, and extremely gullible. Potato, potahto.
Pony
Is that your face? Or did your neck just throw up?
maybe passion and fruity?
Passion? They were fooled by your "playing to their fantasies" .. "exaggerating your claims" From your book
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
Why don't you check up on eBay and see if they have a life for sale.
You're so dumb you wait at a stop sign for it to go green
I like the sound you make when you shut up.
why don't you go to walmart and get a new personality because clearly the one you got from k-mart has expired.
You couldn't hit water if you fell out of a boat
The only way I'd lay naked with you would be in a mass grave
Passion....Stupidity...same thing
 You lied during your campaign and they trusted you :(
Yep I am adopted, my parents chose me, your parents are stuck with you.
I'm not going to fight you, I'd rather fight a punching bag than a trash bag.
Hey, you have something on your chin...3rd one down.
I would give you a nasty look right know but I see you have already got one.
Your ears are so big when you stand on a mountain they look like trophy handles
Ignorance*
Grave concern about Obama's treason. Why hasn't he been charged? https://www.jihadwatch.org/2017/01/obama-administration-has-given-iran-700-million-each-month-since-nuke-deal-signed-totaling-over-10-billion …
Here's 20 cents, call all your friends and give me back the change.
Question: How could a person like you lose 50 pounds of ugly fat in 1 second? Answer: By cutting off your head!
Your head is so big you have to step into your shirts
You're a failed abortion whose birth certificate is an apology from the condom factory.
You must have been born on a highway, because that's where most accidents happen.
Hey, unless your name is Google, stop acting like you know everything.
didn't she get 2000000 more votes though
zacktheripr
Can I borrow your face for Halloween?
I hear when you were a child your mother wanted to hire somebody to take care of you, but the mafia wanted too much.
So true.  The Russians are a passionate people.
watch you cheat
If brains were made of gold, you and your family would be beggars.
why don't you go to walmart and get a new personality because clearly the one you got from k-mart has expired.
Are you in a costume? It's not Halloween yet... oh, never mind.
Cant wait 2c ur Inauguration there will B more PROTESTERS there than supporters BC U dont have that many friends
TRUMP will known 4 ONE THING when done Presidency DONALD TRUMP will b the worse President Ever in America
If you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid.
Ur buddy Putin droppin money U O him&Russia or he hookin U up after&showin U how 2start Monarchy 2Screw America&its People
U literally have 2B 1of the dumbest smart person&lucky wish U were born poor love 2C what&how U handle that(bet no Towers)
i voted for you and im disabled no matter what they say you mock disabled people i thought it was funny
agreed
you are talking about Hillary when you did that like i said i laughed hard thanks for that
i vot
Learn from your parents mistakes - get sterilized
SO SAD YOU ARE!
Passion is a nice way to describe hatred and stupidity, yooouuuu #smallhands man! #smallhandsnogame #smallhandsandnogame
not PASSION----bigotry!
You're the reason men beat their wives
Dragonlindy
Do you still love nature....despite what it did to you?
The passion of idiots is always scary!!!
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't get my head that far up my ass
No, Hillary won. Kobach's Interstate Crosscheck illegally purged thousands of POC votes.
yep there is the proof that Russian meddled in the election it not JUST the vote directly but under mineing a reputation
Is that your face? Or did your neck just throw up?
yes because putin showed them and withheld repubs info. Hillary still won the popular vote tho!
Who do you think is the best comedy team? ME? I think it's your parents....they made the biggest joke!
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable? Like a coma.
