Making America great again! God bless
He promised the same to Obama but now after you rich old dudes get richer nothing left for blue collar
Way to Go Mr. President!!!!
Too bad you lost $40 billion in infrastructure investment, due to your chaos scaring away that investment.
USA may not exist soon. I know people that R closer to expiring & have wisdom 2 pass down to others. What words of wisdom can you pass down
again...........US partnership ...only!!!!!!!!!!!!!!getting 51% of profits...
Wow
Unsurprisingly this is a scam against taxpayers.
Agency: It will take at least 25 years for #Wisconsin to see return on #Foxconn package legislature's considering. http://apne.ws/On7v8Z9 
Wisconsin is taking it right up the ass
Thank you Foxconn, for investing $10 BILLION DOLLARS with the potential for up to 13K new jobs in Wisconsin! MadeIn… htt...

So allowing a Chinese Slave Labor company to grab a chunk of America is making us great? Foxonn brought you child labor and employee suicide
Likely a pilot plant, the prelude to setting up Apple suppliers in FOXCONN currently in China and other offshore piece part I. T. suppliers
The only ones getting new jobs are all the lawyers being hired by this administration! If you're not guilty you don't need to hire one!
This is old but they didn't. Pulled out. No deal. All BS

I have told you before and i will say it again and again @realDonaldTrump YOU ARE A MAN OF GOD! Period!

@realDonaldTrump I LOVE THAT. 
"He certainly wont be investing $10 billion dollars if u were not elected" that tells me that u know ur value
Another Trump win! @JustinTrudeau this is how it's done! This is working for the middle class. Put your crayons down & do something.
10B?  13k new jobs? Something's off with the math unless they're hiring mostly robots?
Thanks #POTUS44 boo to the  #Liarinchief
With 3 billion in subsidies from the state. Bullshit
It's not even decided yet.
(cough) "potential" (cough) Reality? Will never break ground and we'll never see a penny.
@TheRealCRDIII Your dancing with the DEvIL
YEAH!  #MAGA  #POTUSTrump  󾓦
Foxconn investment in #Wisconsin is an important step to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain.With @POTUS increase investments in #USA #AmericaFirst #MAGA
You have my vote for 2020.
Investing in American workers, thank you for bringing jobs back and lowering the tax will help our economy!
Potential? 13l@AINT SHIT!!
We get the jobs Foxconn a Taiwan company gets the wealth. But hey it works for China.
EndOppressive100YearOld8HourDay #3AndHalfDayWorkWeek7DayPay #DoubleShifts TakeItFromNonWOrkingShareholderEvery3Month / MonthlyRentShaknDown
Awesome.
Where are the jobs/$$$. Talk is cheap.  You are fortunate you inherited a great economy from President Obama you are always taking credit 4
Well we all know your clothes aren't made here.....or Ivanka's #notamerican #45
Dollar sign is redundant fam.
Way to go Foxconn you're the true supporters of the fourth Reich way to go! Hopefully furher trump can help you more in the future
@POTUS
61%
Read analysis of what cost per job to public due to tax incentives. Only winner is Foxcon! More fake PR!
Shame!
@Scaramucci Wisconsin, where the min wage is 7.25 and they don't have laws for breaks or lunches, even on 8 hr shifts.
IF they get to the full employment of 13 000 jobs, it's gonna take 25 years to pay off the tax breaks.  Good deal, great n bigly deal.
And Wisconsin has to ante up 30 billion. Net loss.
Way to bankrupt the state. No return for 30 years for a tech mfgr? Giveaway.

Worst deal I've  ever seen.SMH  

https://thinkprogress.org/scott-walkers-massive-foxconn-giveaway-wont-pay-off-for-wisconsin-taxpayers-until-at-least-2042-3ccfbcab3871/amp/ …
Which had nothing to do with you
I am all for new jobs but the problem WI faces are the training and skill set for these tech jobs. If we had more programs to train.
Wisconsin, home of the repub scumbags...they will probably hire 12900 H1B workers from India at $6.00 an hour
Foxconn = slave wages
I don't want to work for some foreign company, thanks.
In principle land catastrophe.
In principle state registr.
https://www.gofundme.com/helpfloodplease  can anyone donate a small amount towards our flood recovery in louisiana #2016historicflood #donationsneededplease
So, America is going to work now for the foreign companies that used slave labor to dominate the market!? We want US OWNED manufacturing!
pennies for a $136 Billion dollar company!  US needs competition among makers. more players!  They have monopoly thanks to Chinese labor
Hopefully as in China, a lot of the workers will end up committing suicide which will save on wages! We win all round. 
I live in Sun Prairie, Wisconsin,  and so proud of this new development here in our state !!
Making America great again as promised. Thank you Mr President.
With profits going to China...lol
We are with you!!! God bless you God bless America.
At what cost to taxpayers?
Good man
We need policies not sporadic little gains.
need to invest in sharp inventions with selective r n d monies. Made in America, is still respected here
#Trump2020 Jobs President
Has Pence got his speech all done up for when he takes over in a few months????
Do you are giving them 10 Billion with no guarantees????   Did you not investigate them at all?????
Apple needs to create their own factory and own it 100% American stockholders. Not let foxconn a Chinese company do it.
#EndDACA #NoRefugees #NoAmnesty #EnglishAsTheOfficalLanguage
Thank you @realDonaldTrump!
Let's see if it actually happens. Who will you blame this on if and when it fails since you never take blame for anything.
Thank you President Trump for sticking to your convictions !  Washington needed someone not like them !
@VP http://www.facebook.com/WhiteHousePressRoomOfficial … #KAG2018 Keep American Great. @zhu_amy3 @Tech_Trump_Team @JudyFleming123 @justanavywife #brending
Not yet
Love
The US are being played by you Donnie.
Thanks Obama!
7 yrs ago this was planned in Pa, but we weren't a crooked enough govt to give them the kickbacks for it. benefit w not be for WI
Huh....like @Boyscouts & so many others, they wonder what you're talking about?!
What about you and your daughter!! Hyprocrite!!
Hope Hicks, you are on a sinking ship.  I hope that he pays back all the tax money that he spent illegally visiting his resorts!
When are you bringing your businesses back to USA?
America's twitter president, what a disaster for the USA.
"Made In The USA!"...Unlike your daughter's clothing line, for example, which is produced by foreign overseas workers.
Made in the USA? Made in the USA? What about your merchandise? We are not all as stupid as your followers. You need to go.
And the profits will quickly be returned to Taiwan.  Yes, thank you.
Want to make "American Great Again" start by bringing your business's  to the USA!!
Your designer clothing tells me MAKE CHINA GREAT AGAIN!
good luck with that.  I hope workers in USA wont't jump off buildings.
Not so fast. #Foxconn is saying $7 billion not $30 billion after $3 billion #Wisconsin  incentive pkg. #TrumpRussia
 https://finance.yahoo.com/news/foxconn-steers-clear-trump-30-131450166.html …
Fake News 
Apparently evidence is contrary to FAKESTREAM media's hiding facts. We must take them to LIARS 
court until it hurts they're bottom line
Thank you Pres Trump! I won't be surprised if in two days the MSM figures out a way to spin this news into something negative...predictable
Premature hype.  They have invested NOTHING!  Hon Hai is notorious for backing out all the time.  You got played!!!
how's your Russian, traitor?
Why did you spend our taxpayer money to bribe them to do this.  Explain
And here is where Foxconn made promises before and didn't keep them...
http://www.marketwatch.com/amp/story/guid/79B7134A-72E8-11E7-9E70-77DD8B13BB6F …
You gave them more in tax breaks per job than each job will earn. Congrats to Wisconsin residents for footing the bill for your bad deal!
hi sir
You can't fix stupid! Everyone take a moment read what you wrote.is this who you you really are.if it is i am happy not to know any of you.
Trump likes anything with "Fox" in the name.
A $10B investment that creates a mere 13k jobs? That's $76k cost per job. Yeah, good work @realDonaldTrump #mathishard
Aren't those the same jobs that were planned for Pennsylvania?
New Jobs at amazon in Cincinnati area 30,000 plus will be hired on the spot + every where you go Jobs Jobs good paying jobs in SWOhio Tks#45
I really wish you did not sign sanctions on Russia! I think that was a big mistake
Hold the doors, his majesty King Donald shall now enter the room
Way to go! Keep creating jobs for America 
He's conning us all right. 
How Foxconn’s broken pledges in Pennsylvania cast doubt on Trump’s jobs plan.
How about making your ties in America? Or anything from @IvankaTrump . Such hypocrites!
Jobs, jobs, jobs!
Those Government Regs were maintaning the Economy,Lathargic,l think we could hit 3% GDP,and the Dow at 22k..WOW,its the Economy Stupid
The Economy,Careers,Jobs(putting Food on the table,Companies hiring,Dow at record Highs,all under a President Trump evonomy.All Great News
I wonder if the mooch is going to delete this tweet
it will never happen.  Foxconn promised the same deal to PA but backed out.  another 45 lie
Is this like your big phukin lie at Carrier in indy? You crooked M-fkr!!!!
Hey,Real reason you r phasing out of white house : ur con dad knows days r numbered for him , don Jr amd ur husband..wants u out of picture!
Yeah I want proof Mr. Liar liar pants on fire.
Low pay, no benefit, unable to afford to college, live paycheck to next, lousy bosses, exhaustion, no savings. Indentured servitude..broke!
Thank you Made in America.. Hope we dont see that trademark used over sea unless shipped.. Let hope no America flags saying made n china
Liar move to Russia we know it's killing you to sign the sanction papers.
Making America great again! Thank you Mr. President for putting America first!
Wisconsin will be paying $3 billion in subsidies for the 13,000 jobs.  Hope it works out.
Foxxcon is known to be a disreputable company, which treats its employees extremely poorly and pollutes. Congrats for nothing.
Made in the USA? Your family's crap sure isn't! Hypocritical, lying treasonous grifter!
https://www.recode.net/platform/amp/2017/7/26/16035104/trump-white-house-foxconn-wisconsin-factory …
HON HAI PRECISION INDUSTRY CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES
like your hats? #maga
Did you know that their factories in China have suicide nets? They are there not to save lives but to break necks when workers try to jump.
And for letting us give you that huuuuuge tax break.
Actually a small inventment compared to the 200 mil a year they get. Screwing the taxpayers again for the rich.
Foxxcon left Finland and caused here unemployment.  Real crook.
Liar, liar, pants on fire!
How about the entire Trump family starting to employ American workers and move your companies to America.  Hypocrites.
You should make stuff in the USA yourself, hypocrite!
USA getting great again!
Everything is ASSEMBLED in USA. Parts brought in from all over! !!  Anyway u slice it NOT MADE IN USA
HOW MANY EMPLOYEE SUICIDE'S WILL FOXCOMM CAUSE IN WISCONSIN?
Crook.
And I just read that environmental regs waived for this deal. Expect Foxconn to exploit all WI like they do their workers in China.
WI taxpayers on the hook for $3B. Thought you Rs hated the govt. "picking winners and losers." This isn't an American company either
It's only 3000 jobs and they will cost the state of Wisconsin $1M per $54k/yr job! https://thinkprogress.org/every-citizen-of-wisconsin-is-paying-519-so-trump-could-have-this-press-conference-7680f7f59944 … #FakePresident  #Impeach45
I thought you were against fake news?
MAKE THE WORLD GREAT AGAIN.( think big }
This will never happen. Has been promised before
Let's wait to see if these 13K jobs really happen.  Remember the Carrier story in Indiana; end of day, jobs moved to Mexico. Fraud .. so Sad
Is it true that Foxconn will receive all the State taxes paid in by the workers in their new factory?
Let's hope this works out according to plan...
Just think if you and your family brought your businesses back to America the jobs you'd create. Family of Hypocrites.
Wisconsin is the best! Yeah! :)
Good job @realDonaldTrump !
Awesome!
Whose pocket did that get funneled to
@IvankaTrump how much was given to them in tax breaks?  I.E. no contribution to education? That's usually part of the deal
Look what extent America has downgraded to. now saved by ching chongs

And a shit load of tax breaks.
And 10% in the Trump corp bank acc Im sure
