
Or non- fucktards have multiple choices to get our coverage where conservatives have only one to stroke their gun lust.
WOW one night. Takes so little 2 float UR boat. No more of the OLD WASP stayed home & needed 2 listen 2 a bunch of LIARS
Fox News is for old angry white people over 50 to watch.
Certainly not women
Click and Scroll. Everybody link back to this, my account, and my tweets:
https://twitter.com/ChrisDownsBooks/status/920113102242291713 …
Sexual predator RTing another sexual predator
The BULLSHIT LYING Master back at it. Can’t find the TRUTH w/ 2 hands and it stuck 2 UR face. Played w/ any women lately
FOX is also part of the New World Order/Rockefeller Mediacracy. The New American said Rupert Murdoch was frequent, exclusive, secretive Bilderberg attendee and member of Council On Foreign Relations, for starters. http://tinyurl.com/yafzdhrb 
You suck!
Sexual Predator, Trumps retweeting a sexual assaulter and predator

THIS JUST IN: YOU'RE RUNNING AN ONLINE BLOG WITH VIRTUALLY ZERO VIEWERSHIP
@trumps_feed maybe because some ppl like  liars and racists?
I didn't like you when you were with Fix News and I don't like you now. You are detrimental to society.
I think he thinks they are going to let him back in if he cheerleads enough. Even Fox now knows that sexual predators have no place.
Hahaha! But most people were actually watching @NFL_MNF!
Which do you like more, @billoreilly - the network that fired you or the network that would never hire you?...
We need to get a new channel started with U, Sean, Tucker Laura and Eric.  That would be the perfect nightly line up!!
And Jesse Waters and Judge Jeannine!!  Love the all!!!
@realDonaldTrump you talking about Ratings when real shit going on in America. Who gives a damn about the ratings but the rich.....
And get your cheap add back open your own show Bill Jesus u can't take it with u get a real station come back to fox destroy crooked news
@realDonaldTrump From one bullshitter to next. People think Fox News is a joke much like Trump von Clown.
According to who Bill? Your teeny tiny little brain?
Why doesn’t the media remember this?
#ObamaLegacy
those rates will go up tenfold with trump
Temple Tech
Who are you?
a sexual predator
I never watch network TV , only Fox & cable. I prefer shows with no commercials anyway. Miss you on Fox!
And who trusts you, another misogynistic man just like Trump. You are both pitiful. Now go harass a woman which is your mantra.

Aren't you glad to have someone that cares about you. What did you promise him, by the way?
You can't drop dead fast enough. Please hurry! #hurry
Fake news from the lying president.
U damn right we can trust MSM. FNN is the only network to trust watch @seanhannity every night. Miss seeing u there
The other news networks have become 100% irrelevant to America we the people know there biased crooked agenda just the phony  stars n flakes
What are your television ratings?
No(sense) Spin O'Reilly, 'price of freedom' isn't a lunatic w/ assault weapons killing Americans, it's you & tRump's right to spew BS.
One mysoginist retweeting another mysoginist.
You bring shame to the name Bill
People trust FNC because they are “fair and balanced”, whereas MSNBC has been proven time and time again reporting “fake” news
You do know they don't use that slogan anymore right?
you gropers hang together...
don’t trust the network but trust the guy who is making you PAY for national news (that is spun and twisted so far from truth)
Go back to work Bill. Oh wait...
@realDonaldTrump You guys are amazing unifiers! So good! Oh, and people are dying in PR and the USVI. Cool.
The very few and rapidly dwindling number of AMERICANS that still trust you are the same folks you're trying to fuck over with #TrumpCare
Thank you Bill! Fox's coverage was wise, and the REAL STORY was more than evident! All you have to do is look at his targets!
Do these people realize that Jesus wasn't a white guy. He was in the Middle East.If he were alive today Trump would ban him from the country
Debby, the truth about Jesus, is that HE truly is Color Blind! He is Emmanuel, "God With Us!" JESUS IS THE CO-CREATOR OF ALL MANKIND!
I thought God was the creator. He created Adam and Eve and they had Cain and Abel and so on and so on. I was making the point that Jesus 1/2
Was Middle Eastern. Not a white man. As I said If Today Jesus maybe a part of a travel ban
POLL 

Which news source do you trust most?

Vote below and #retweet
OANN is the news source for me. The best news on Television.
https://goo.gl/osSQLp  #Reavie2017 Je peux vous épouser? L'été prochain, ça m'arrangerait pas mal.
Shouldn't you be paying restitution to your victims?
I thought Faux paid the whole $13 million.
Yeah but there's gotta be more victims that he's paying that we haven't heard about, right? Lol
True!
@realDonaldTrump We miss you Bill. Hope get another platform on Fox
You know what they say Bill. Sexual predators flock together.
Hire me : https://goo.gl/WuzNW6 
my portfolio:http://rtahmin.com 
#Fox is the network that people don't trust. With good reason. All you pedal is #FakeNews. Even my Rep. friends have stopped watching Fox.
#Fox is known for it’s conspiracy theories and fake news. They play to the idiot in the WH because they know that he will believe anything they say. High ratings doesn’t mean that the material is true or not. The Simpsons are rated high as well. But not real.
Bill can't you come back somewhere? I miss you enjoyed you on Hannity.
congratulations!
Amazing how network’s ratings can soar, once they’ve gotten rid of arrogant misogynistic boat anchors.
You are a dumb ass O'Reilly. They fired your ass. FOX Spews is dead.
Didn't you strangle your ex-wife?

Trust you to retweet a serial sex offender.
That's pretty funny that you're not a member of their organization anymore
FNC , the network of sexual harassment!
Harassed any women today? No? You still have time. Put phone down.
FNC reports the fake news to bad people can't think for themselves.
Nope...it's because people want to see what conspiracy theories Fox comes up with now...
Poor Bill his new job now is to report how good fox is doing.

FAKE NEWS, THE FAKIEST NEWS.
Aside from all of his character defects, lies bigotry and racism.  He's personal embarrassment and a national disgrace.
Go back into your hole.
WHICH NETWORKS RAN STORY IN MAY PROCLAIMING THEY WOULD HIT LV ??? That was off to tell place in advance- WHY- THERES YOUR STORY & "WHO" !!!
Are gonna DO IT LIVE! #hasbeen
Perhaps she needs a sexual predator to improve her ratings
Don’t you have somebody to be phone-harassing right now? @billoreilly @realDonaldTrump

this is great, the president retweets someone who basically is a self-serving pervert.
Yes, keep telling yourself that. The truth is found on MSNBC.
now can I have my cushy job back plz?
Pres retweeting a sex offender!
Please shut up and go away!
#anothereffingmoron
MSNBC VS Fox??  One is a Trump mouthpiece... the other is MSNBC.
The only thing worse than a liar is a liar that's also a hypocrite!  Tennessee Williams
Lol trying to stay relevant bill I see by spouting out your usual bullshit
I thought you retired?
Don't watch CNN are in BC MSN
We need you back on @FoxNews come fox bring bill back..

I wish the President of the United States wouldn't promote sexual predator @billoreilly  on @Twitter
Actually,  people's trust on network news is going up. Especially in contrast to sex offender fake news guys Trump and O'Reilly

Fake news, hysteria and hate mongering from MSM & the Liberals, are why we have NFL kneeling, BLM, anti-Americanism, massacre in Las Vegas.
Weren’t you fired for abusing co-workers? Waters down the value of your opinion somewhat.
nice retweet of a serial rapist by a serial rapist.
MSNBC spins it one way and FOX spins it the other way!!!!
Go Bill Go
Ratings? You're puerile enough to be concerned with RATINGS?
Advise coming from a Sex Predator?
We know,we don’t trust msnbc , nor CNN !
@FoxNews overstates ratings just like @realDonaldTrump.  Don't believe Little Billy O'Reilly.
FAKE NEWS!!! Afraid your stats are incorrect.  Better luck next time :)
Who are MSNBC?
Wrong, can't tell the truth can you,of course you support your sex offender friends
Weren't you fired for serial sexual harassmentv& abusive behavior? Didn't you promise a refutaion that would blow the lid off all this? liar
Go away already Bill .
Well we sure DONT TRUST YOU BILL.
Retweeting your sex pest friend again, you are such a role model to our youth, NOT!

Most sleazy President ever = SAD!
Means a lot coming from you, disgusting
Jesus, are you still here? Don't you have ANY shame? Go away. Stay away


Actually Rachel Maddow crushed FOX! Sorry Bill. How's your perve retirement going
How are you doing?
and they are right not to. Deep state cabal is losing ground as the people they fed info into like puppets are no longer listening to them.
You are delusional
You should crawl back under your rock.
#BoycottNBCUniversal
Don't you like young boys
You’re both pathetic. Nobody cares about either of you or your ratings.
#fakenews
When I google FNC ...
LIES AND FAKE NEWS AND DESPAIR IS ALL THEY HAVE!! Pathetic NEWS!
You have no street cred anymore Bill. Slink away to a quiet corner. The only good news is public networks and CNN. #FauxNews
#youvebeenfired #grabthepussy
@realDonaldTrump The fact that you're retweeting such a nasty, sexist douche of a "journalist" is quite telling.
We only watch Fox as the other networks don't report real news, instead, report the liberal (socialist) agenda
Bill I heard the tape, the answering machine tape, where you masturbated while talking sh*t to the girl that rejected you! We heard it
Re-tweet a sexual deviant @realDonaldTrump
FNC now banned in the UK because it's all propaganda and biased crap.
Hey bill, At least MSNBC is still on the air., what happened billy  feeling resentment against MSNBC .
Your the ass whole people don't trust.
How many millions of hush money did Fox pay for your sexual harassment cases?
Hey Bill Oreilly slither back under that rock because you got your ass fired and you are now completely irrelevant
Only the #trumptards and their leader @realDonaldTrump  could possibly still be paying attention to @billoreilly. Come on people, really?
Bahahahahahahabahahahahahaha!
Donny retweeting another man who likes to engage in sexual aggression towards women. Of course.... 
I thought they fired you? They didn't take away Twitter privileges?

sorry Bill....but the Rachael Maddow show(MSNBC) is still the top rated news show
No one wants to visit your sad website, you disgusting old pervert. Retire bitch
Dotard
So great to be hearing from you again!
Bill, still think you can get your job back? Sad.
They dont trust you either!
But you have a podcast.  Lmao
Are you kidding? I don't know what you've been smoking, but MSNBC's ratings are through the roof and people are waking up and fox is done
We don't Bill.  Fox made a mistake dropping you.
Sex pest Bill, loves sex pest Don.
You're actually retweeting O'Reilly?Someone who said that the worst mass shooting in modern US History is the "Price of Freedom."? Sickening

Let’s give up bump stocks for No Congressmen or senators can accept any money from anyone including lobbyists for any reason.
Funny how they get the Emmys for good reporting and you don't! Congrats Rachael!
Please go away uncle bad TOUCH
Maybe it's just that normal people can choose from many news broadcasts, whereas close minded bigots only have one network working for them.
