Very active tweeter is all I can see. Massive coronary please come soon!
Someone is watching #morningjoe   instead of doing their job again
Is that the excuse you use for yourself, as well?
Active on the golf course!
I suggest that in prep for tomorrow's Melissa McCarthy' s SNL appearance, S Spicer should do the Press Conference  as same. Hilarity! #MAGA
The truth! That's all we ask. Unfortunately you and your team lie when the truth is easier. Pathological Liar! Huckabee same!
rats are the first one to leave a sinking ship. #traitor #fraud
Especially when you lie so much
One would expect your press secretary & your own vice president to be on the same page as you.
Perfect accuracy....LOL We just want an OUNCE of truth, you corrupt little puppet.
Very active president...LOL. Golfing & trips to Mar-a-Lago do NOT count, mister!! Nice try.
LOL! Don't sweat it Donny. Watching your surrogates squirm always brings a smile.

of all the people who badly need compassion and competence from the President your spokespeople should be last. #outoftouch
I love Sarah. She tells it like is and doesn't take crap from anybody!
Fake presidency.  The world laughs
No, Sarah Huckabee Sanders is a terrible fit for press briefings, she should stick to cable appearances where she's limited to soundbytes.
@realDonaldTrump
Funny, none of the other Presidents had a problem with this. Are you sure you're doing this right? I'm not sure you are.
Because  many of them can't stand the fabricated lies emanating  from your cloudy mind and toxic talk
Oh Donnie. It's all falling apart. We can so clearly see the man behind the curtain. The people who trust you are getting smaller in number.
its only hard on the surrogates because the person they are speaking for is reckless vindictive petty NOT self aware
didnt you pick out a Rosie tweet from December yesterday? how busy can you be

By very active do you mean 18 holes?
Tell them not to lie so much. That should take care of problem, Sir.
Just let an independent counsel handle things, Sir.
The only evidence is the Dems wishing there was a fire brewing... lol
We understand completely – you are now embracing the immortal words of George Costanza – “It’s not a lie if YOU believe it”.
“They tricked us,” an angry White House official said.
“That’s the problem with the Russians — they lie,” the official added.
REALLY?!?
Under the proposed #TrumpCare bill, does “fear of a Russian investigation” count as a pre-existing condition?
Trump is tweeting like he is Nixon in his last days in office
Aww, Don't leave Blank, you just made my widdle heart jump for joy!!!! I think it was the phrase" last days"
lol - yup starting planning your Trump impeachment parties
I'm not a big drinker but not this time. It would be a glorious celebration.
Unsure if we should celebrate with vodka or not.
You are now defending liars.  And lots of things happening?  Aren’t you golfing again today?  SAD!
You're just like the wimpy guy behind the curtain who pretended to be THE GREAT AND POWERFUL OZ!  He was just an insecure guy with a lot of smoke and mirrors trying to intimate people.  That's you.
If they were “the best people” they could. Maybe you hired not “the best people”.
Speaking of podiums, why are you so scared of press conferences?

I thought you had all the best words.

LOL.
There’s no where to hide!!!! He’s a Chicken 
You lie. They lie. Hard to keep everything straight.
The fact you are a #PathologicalLiar isn't very helpful either.

No other press secretary has had that problem. It helps to speak the truth the first time. Lies beget lies. #sad #LiesYouTellAtWork
No other? Earnest and Gibbs were jokes.
Has had trouble covering for their boss's lies and misleading statements. Jokes on you. You've been played
Nope..jokes on you. He is President!
You'll see. 6 months from now, you'll come around. It's OK. You made a mistake.All is forgiven

Didn't type it.
Malignant narcissism causes many shifts and turns, as the patient changes preferred sources of narcissistic supply. It can cause confusion in those who are closest to the patient.
Armed just with lies then.........!! #TrumpRussia #collusion #stormy #fakepresident 
Fat, lazy, cheating lump
because you're too stupid. Maybe Prime their pump and it'll be better
PATHETIC
Other presidents seemed to manage ok, you just aren't very good at this are you?
You should at least be able to keep your story straight. Trump should listen to Trump.
you mean perfect accuracy like when @PressSec says "this was the largest inaugural crowd - PERIOD!"
Welcome to the REAL world Mr President. Step up your game! You are in the BIG LEAGUE now! Stop making excuses!
Keep up the good work and pace! You have my appreciation.
-,-
Translation: Nobody can be expected to keep up with this chaos.
Not when you change your story Day-to-day, hour-to-hour.  Who knew covering up would be so complicated?
"Surrogates"? Pompous much?
Other presidents, not so busy grifting their office and golfing every weekend managed.
His grammar reveals his misconceived grandiosity. 'Perfect accuracy' is unachievable for someone w/o  a grasp of truth, honesty or honour.
Unorganized, toxic leader!
You seem to be most active on the golf course.
So now you are calling your staff liars?  Well that should make this  morning's press briefing a little interesting.  #impeachTrumpnow
Did you say "active president"? All you do is golf. 
And tweet.
Right? Hahaha
... because they're dipshits?
... because they don't know how to sift through your web of lies?
... because you command this entire nonsensical narrative?
... don't worry. They won't be doing it much longer 
What if Obama fired Comey because of the Hillary email investigation?

Hell would've broken loose.

#trumprussia #impeachtrump #russiagate
Former Virginia AG Kenneth Cuccinelli says the firing of the FBI Director James Comey "doesn't stop anything"
.@VanJones68: "I said that Donald Trump had become President, and he has become President. President Nixon."
Apparently you have zero historical knowledge. Nixon didn't fire his FBI guy, however Clinton DID. Stop spewing CNN. You look foolish

Days of wrong doing: 0
Wow, ok then. What rock do you live under?
The rock of intelligence without anxiety and breastfeeding.
Ok then. Enjoy. 
President clown shoes over here.
Intentional BS is what they deliver.  You change your story every few days. Look at the video of your comments on the plane, and what we now know....We sure know a lot about Cohen.  So do you. So does @MichaelAvenatti !!
They stand at the podium with perfect accuracy everyday.  It's only when they start talking that the inaccuracy starts.
“Very active” 
“Perfect accuracy” 

#NotMyPresident
No, that’s NOT how America works or what Americans expect! We expect the #TRUTH every day & every time someone speaks from a podium for the White House. Do your jobs!
What are you more afraid of?

A) That it will come out that you’re not a billionaire and you’re over leveraged?

B) That tapes and testimony will show that you like call your sex partners Ivanka and when you’re thinking of her, you’re a #TwoPumpTrump ?
A very active liar and time-waster #FakePresident
This is an interesting phrasing of "Oh what a tangled web we weave."
The rest of the world calls this lying. You're even lying when you say you're a very active president. Your daily schedule is available to anyone. I've seen it. You're the laziest president we've ever had. And you're a a liar.
Seriously, you lazy lump.  I’m sure you’re heading back to your golf course .  Worse excuse for a president ever
Nah.  You lost me at “very active”.
10% accuracy would be a lofty goal for Trump surrogates at this point.
0% chance for you! LOL
Obama was very active, he never gave away our secrets. You'll have to come up with a better excuse
If this is how my life would be when I die, giving all my valuables to my unappreciated people an them taking advantage of my sacrifices!
So, in other words, they suck. Thanks for clearing that up!
Well of course they can't get it right when you change your story every 10 minutes.  LMAO
Yo, #45, you're systematically being brought to your knees, I hope you enjoy giving falatio as much as u like committing sexually assault.
Resign this job is too hard for you. You are embarrassing our country.
Very active? On the golf course, maybe.
"Surrogates" you chose because they will be so "great" ~ what happened???
No they can’t remember your lies
Exactly how can anyone be expected to keep so many lies, half truths and misleading statements straight, way too much to ask.

Those were my exact  thoughts. Being President is more intense than being an unemployed millennial tweeting his ass off from Mom's basement
news flash don- all presidents are "very active"- most of them just aren't on the gold course.
How  about 25% is that too much to ask.
Yes it is. Others have done it. The incompetence of your staff is only a representation of the incompetence of your leadership.
BS All the other presidents of the US didn't have messed up speakers at the podium.  You are no busier than any other pres.
The days of expecting accuracy, honesty, or integrity from you, or your administration, have long passed. A disaster. SAD.
You know what would help? Start out with the truth it's easier to remember! Just a little tip for you.
Active liar.
Active deceiver.
Active denier.
Active enabler.
Active bully.
Active thief.
Exceedingly active fraud!
cc @POTUS 45.
They could do their jobs if you started being truthful! Stopped making bad, sad decisions they had to defend! #impeachment
Remember that the next time you are firing someone.
4 ellipses? Have a chat with Betsy, will you?
I'm sure it's difficult to keep track of the blatant lies and disgraceful behavior with any degree of accuracy!
@SheriffClarke Daily blog and weekly update to the Am. People.  Press when something major to announce.
Nor should they be expected too.   Otherwise you would be like every other non effective rep White House that did little and accomp less
So they offer .....alternative facts....
"Surrogates" you learned a new word or did someone write it for you? Might want to look it up in a dictionary
Trump is already his own press secretary via Twitter so maybe he should handle all of the press briefings himself
Dude, all you do is golf and sign your name.
I am the most important person in your life.1 Million unprosecuted dead Americans. Genocide based on a divorce. Why we tolerate you, at all
We never had this problem in the Obama administration!!!
THAT DOESN'T MEAN U TELLS LIES AFTER LIES.
Look what The Lord says to do with The mainstream media. Your on right track by cancelling press brief.
Right, bc Jesus was such an opponent of mainstream media. The way u "Christians" twist a bible verse to ur favor is disgusting.
as a very active President you have to be accurate, dummy. Or, you become "fake inaccurate news" that you hate so much.
Then fire them, because it is literally their only job. It is amazing how stupid you are.
But it's their job to be accurate. And your job to oversee that. If you can't handle it we all voted for someone who can. Please leave!
U don't think anyone believes this shit... No one can keep up with your lies.  Hell U cannot keep up with your lies.

This sentence has a misplaced modifying clause in apposition of it.  And your surrogates can't be accurate because you undermine them.
No but some accuracy would be good...#Drainthewhitehouse
It is about time you've to taking some president lessons from President Obama, Clinton, or Bush just to keep you on course and be safe!!
the only thing you are active with is spending millions for #Flotus not to sleep with you at the Whitehouse
But is it asking too much for them not to intentionally lie to us? Really?
lol. at this point, we would be surprised if they were upfront and honest about anything at all.
Fire the surrogates. From son And son-in-law on down
how come all the other presidents could do it your admitting your incompetence good to see you being honest for once!
Please Sean is great and has military experiences
give 'em a chair to sit in.
What is said should be in the realms of the same story. Not totally different
you are delusional,you are not active at all, tweeting while taking a shit in the middle of the night is nothing happening!
Wtf did you say?
Maybe if y'all just stopped the goddamn lying!
Can't handle the pace? Can't manage the agenda? I know women who could do the job; and I don't mean Hillary!!
Why not?
You wouldn't know what accuracy was if it slapped you in your Orange face.
Especially when you keep changing the story!
Don't apologize for your apologizers. You can't spell "apologizer" without "lozer" Who am I kidding? You can't spell.
how about some accuracy
Still got to time to tweet about your hurt feelings though.
No its really impossible to be accuracy when the jackass you work for changes story every other minute. Let hear next Comey story version 24
Lots of things happening, I move quick. Can't even keep my own lies straight.
what a shame then. #incompetence.
Yeah I guess golf and pussy grabing keeps ya busy eh?
Very active ....   on the golf course again?
Neither you or your lemming surrogates ever tell the whole truth!!
I agree. Playing golf can be very stressful. Damn near impossible to do that and tell the truth at the same time.
so what you're telling us is we can not take anything they say at face value? We expect more from the office POTUS
A Competent @POTUS with Competent Staff could be on point.Only cowards & -6yr olds blame others.#resist #notmypresident
The office of the @POTUS is supposed 2 b held 2 certain standards Integrity,Honor,Accuracy, etc..U have none. #resist
Phui.
UR such a comedian! They are all perfect LIARS!
As active as a slug
Sooooo it's ok for them to use "altered facts" @realDonaldTrump
very busy trying to cover your own stupidity. you even lied to your own VPOTUS. fired Flynn for doing the same, yes? wadda fool!
...and an ounce of self-respect!
You are not a real President. You are a treasonous online troll.
because we're human...
Right on POTUS.
Other presidents who were more active than you could manage effective comms, too. IT IS YOUR JOB! Can resign if it is too much for you.
You are the absolute embodiment of the Dunning-Kruger effect. That is all.
Accuracy is pretty easy if you tell the truth. Something you and your administration have a loose relationship with.
1 His tweet opens with a dangling modifier that has no subject. The "very active President" is actually doing nothing in this sentence
The only things active about u is ur imagination, ego, mouth eating & talking), Twitter fingers and prostate (all those 4am tweets)
maybe play less golf and keep an eye on your surrogates  Better still: speak for yourself and make sense.  #inoveryourhead
See you at the Hanging Comrade! !!
Lol
Because they come up with a story and tell everyone. Then minutes later you blast it all to hell.1/2
.@JWGOP LOLOL! Good one! #McMaster
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @CNN
Unbiased. Independent. ProAmerican- #thisiscnn
Isn't that their job?! To know and be happy formed?!
Stop hiring idiotic speech writers.

So you're saying it's too hard a job for you? After all, every president before you did this with accuracy.
Hahaha
Communication 101
