. @realDonaldTrump "Progress" like starving senior citizens in poverty by defunding #mealsonwheels while your wife eats diamonds? #Optics
you guys are nuts two people I know receiving meals have a total of $970,000 in the bank.
so because you consort with criminals we defund the program? That's logical
she told him to stop bringing it but they did not when I mowed her lawn she paid me and bought me lunch!
you've got to be full of shit. You're their lawn guy yet know for a fact they have near mil in bank?
i'm not too lawn guy you nitwit!
literally said right before my tweet you mow her lawn you nitwit
from your picture I'm wondering if you've ever had a job or could even get one.
Understand you will always be remember for hate, cruelty, & prejudice. Writers, artists, playwrights--we will all record it
Disagree with you 100% Nancy.  He's has more love, compassion, more interest in our country than anyone.
come to my class in the Bronx and say that. Listen to their responses.
People will not listen.
because they know he's lying. Goodbye
Lying about?
Everything that comes out of Trump's mouth is a LIE. He's a traitor. But racists love him.
It's not racism.   It's PATRIOTISM!
Keep it coming !!!!! Don't be distracted or discouraged by the liberal press
d a d d y
Dpz
You promised a full repeal.  Anything less is not going to cut it with conservatives.
I'm glad millions of illegal immagrants are losing their health insurance now maybe mine will be more affordable
no mandates otherwise no
Republicans are coming together to make the plan fail in congress already
how about talking about the House and Senate and start LEADING instead of dividing.
How does screwing Americans over 50 with much higher premiums & less tax credits improve healthcare?  R you Ryan's lap dog?
sad, wrong, deportation, huge financially burdensome wall, no healthcare, no environmental protections, I could go on
Republicans coming together.. to piss all over America's well being.
How polite of them. Usually one comes first. Still, a sticky situation. Don't want to mop that floor. Do they kiss after?
yes Mr. President but Obama still trying left and right to destroy your 90 days of change in what he did wrong. Don't stop!
Thank goodness! We can't this one up
I sure hope so!

Like what ??? Please elaborate !! It seems you're quite WRONG !!
Great, doing it the right way.Not like Dem. Morons "We need to force it through so we can then read it to see what's in it"
Trump tries rarely used "fingers crossed behind my back" defense as Congress concludes he lied about wiretapping.
You really are a lemming. You know they listen to everything and everyone especially their enemies  @RJSzczerba @realDonaldTrump
great time to be a billionaire!
Except for Shorty...
oh or maybe you've thrown in another 5 billion in tax cuts for your rich friends. Heck give putin a billion too why not.
yea right, you're going to kill us
we have faith..please listen to Rand Paul!
Let them die? Your new campaign slogan? 
Good to know.

Except for 3 A-Holes!!
Republican Insurance Plan = RIP
@KurtSchlichter 
Only repeal is progress
if they could only come together over the fact that you're a treasonous Russian puppet
Let Obamacare implode.   Its the only way to prove it's worthless.  PLEASE don't attempt it right now
hahahahaha
coming together?   I'm enjoying watching the republicans implode.
Your OMB director thinks feeding the sick and the elderly is a waste of money, @realDonaldTrump. PROGRESS!
Great progress on healthcare. Improvements being made - Republicans coming together!
He's elderly already. Sickening,too. Sick is next. Then the vultures will come.
you keep saying (or tweeting) this, however, much like your wiretapping claim, there is no evidence...
on the other hand, there's lots of evidence #Trumpcare will #MakeAmericaSickAgain. Your plan is good for insurance execs.
your Medicaid cuts would hurt the elderly, families in need, and individuals w/ developmental disabilities. #NoCapsNoCuts
under #Trumpcare a 64 y/o making $26,500 will pay $14,600 in 2026 for insurance—under ACA, person would only pay $1,700...
... it's disgusting that you and @HouseGOP are ok w/ fact that #Trumpcare will DECREASE revenue to the Medicare trust funds.
, nothing about your plan is a "plan"—it's a disaster that will hurt your supporters and help the rich hoard their money.
please refrain from blatherskite.
he cannot disbar them.They are charged with interpreting laws. They are the judicial branch.That's their job
several occasions that he would ban Muslims and also Giuliani said it as well. The pres cannot ban a
a religion. He just can't do it.
wrong. Christianity has been killing in the name of its god for 2 millennia, Christianity is pure evil.
So sad.
All I care about is repealing obamacare, get it done.
Hmmmm how'd that go for ya!?
If by progress you mean children and the elderly are cut off from health care so the rich get a $600 billion tax cut...
Is it progress that a 64 year-old on a fixed income will see health care costs go up by $12,900 per year?
Is it "progress" that under Trumpcare 26 million people will lose their health insurance?
I don't want government funded health care. I also don't want to pay for 6 families health care...
"great improvements"?
This literally happened...
Tucker Carlson: "The counties who voted for you will do far worse under your plan"
Donald Trump: "Oh, I know..." 
Dear America, what do you think of #TrumpCare
Cuz Obozocare is doing so well, I was 250/500 now518/4000 I can't afford to get sick, I don't have a choice of dr., And sep ins for meds
Progress? Improvements? You're going to leave between 6 and 15 MILLION poor Americans vulnerable and without insurance.
But you're giving the wealthy and ultra wealthy generous tax breaks. You're a racist, repugnant version of Robin Hood.
Tick tick tick.  Nothing. Notta. Zilch. #WorstPresidentEver
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
blah blah..blah .blah blah blah blah blah.....

we need evidence not a bunch of lies
.,
Great progress on healthcare. Improvements being made - Republicans coming together!...
You will silence all the Democrats and the fake news media, Thank you mr. President
I like what you doing Mr president
Will it still be called Oboma care after he goes to prison?
bull hockie
You don't care about Americans or Veterans health. All you care about is your fragile ego.
You are so cutting funds for health services. You lied to millions who voted for you. But you don't care about them. Only yourself.
You don't care about me or my family. Yet we are paying for a wall. If you want to keep us safe...invest in our health.
And you owe Obama a huge apology for repeatedly slandering his name. Also apologize to all Americans while you are at it.
I would be in heaven right now if @BarackObama sued Trump for libel
If it is actually untrue... Why hasnt Obama sued? Huh?
because he is a gentleman and a respected man of character?
nope, it's because the proof would come out in the lawsuit. CHECKMATE!
Yop.ña
The only people over 50 that will be able to afford your healthcare are billionaires!
please protect health care for senior citizens, disabled, middle class,and small business.
u wish...Rand Paul anyone??????
You are screwing working, middle class, and poor. You lose everything you own and see how it feels.
and by "progress" you mean "sucking more ass every day"
so can you let me know the timeframe for killing off all the poor people so I can make plans before I die?
yeah...making the CEOs richer!
Yeah...not so much.
GOOD! NO INDIVIDUAL MANDATE, NO PENALTY, AND NO STATE LINES!
The health care plan is a disaster you proposed! You promised healthcare for everyone I will not be able to afford my care
Health Care is for gaywads.  Stop pussyfooting around with this B.S. and Fuq all the immigrants to death.  USA!
When are they coming together?After the 2018 elections?Good timing,though.
LIAR! You are NOT the dealmaker you thought you were. You can't strong-arm & threaten like you do with your suppliers! LOL
Before ACA, premiums were high, preexisting not covered. Please don't let it go back to that.
#TrumpNoCare
...blackmail is going to come back and kick you in the ass! !!!####!! $!!
,The Cbo said Obama care is doing fine. So, don't try2 b like GWB and break perfectly good things that previous Pres built
u said your plan would b great - u lied; u said it would be cheaper - u lied; u said no one would die in the str. U lied
You are shameful. America does not support your plan. Yeah build up our military but let our citizens go without healthcare
.@realDonaldTrump
to fuck over the country
By the end of 2019 YOU and your health theft will have killed more Americans than all the combined terrorists atrocities
Thank you for all your hard work and not giving up
great progress? Not for the forgotten that voted Trump.
all you do is lie.  You're not credible or you're cabinet.  They would have to be insane to accept your healthcare.
Republicans my be comming together but they are going to make you look bad! Just like they did to @POTUS44
LOL stop using. Please my belly is going to burst from laughing so hard. You got nothing going on except deplorable 
Please help the seniors!!
liar...Liar...Pants on fire......
right because what's bipartisanship when you're a white supremacist that can't have an original thought. Sad!
You call this PROGRESS??? You promised coverage for everyone and now you're cutting benefits for the poor. LIAR!!!
The GOP-e has set this trap. President Trump...please step back, take a moment and just listen to Sen. Cruz. He is spot on
the big reason I voted for you was so you would get rid of Obamacare extremely disappointed
FAKE NEWS!
#Trump
CareSucks
we believe you Mr. One Term.
Add it to the list of failures.  Can't wait to celebrate it's failure to pass.  Getting a good bottle ready.  Cheers
Health insurance is spelled out in Medicare handbook. 50 years of working for us. Leave it alone. Talk to Dr. Josh?
and other anti-American terrorist organizations! STOP Funding them at once!
, By 'improvements', do you mean the 24M that will be w/o Health Care, while you give 1T tax cut to the 1%?
republicans yes... Americans no. You must do better for the citizenry, sir. ALL of it, not just your cabinet mates
Where is that money you were not going to take (Salary) Oh that was a lie also. Maybe you will have a heart attack
r u kidding it's costing more. Congress should have the same coverage
U respected them at the WH even had them stand. Shoulda had them frisked and cuffed. N Obama L, that's way out there for me
To stick it to the middle class & blame it on the poor. One day, the middle class will see who holds them down.
The only thing Americans have asked for since Obamacare was enacted, is a FULL repeal. What you offer is NOT a repeal.
Republicans coming together on the health-care bill? Now that's fake news
Open market, we deserve that,we the working class, should have the right to purchase our own health care,"open market" NOW
This is your version of death panels. Isn't it? #trumpdeathpanel
@realDonaldTrump #RepealAndReplace #BuildTheWall #POTUS #WeThePeople #DrainTheSwamp #AmericaFirst #LockHerUp #Flamingos4Trump #Breaking

Obama care was probably better her won't do anything for the poor just his rich buddies
Haha...HAHAHA! This is funny! Comedian Asshat!
DUI drivers have DUI insurance. Why R sick people insured with healthy people?
Based on yesterday's hearing, you're illegitimate & not my president. You colluded with Russia & cheated ur way into WH.
rights aren't something that are given to U. They're something that can't be taken away from you.
& delivering a bill that goes against your own campaign promises. Big dummy/LOSER. Wake the hell up!
Save Obamacare!
So what? If you make less than $500K a year, the GOP couldn't care less about you. You're celebrating a clusterfuck.
I had a good plan now I am in debt to doctors and hospitals not working in my dream job UNUM is putting through ringer
.@realDonaldTrump so what if my employer now decides they no longer want 2 offer insurance? Do ppl realize this????
all the different names for health care. How about, "Americare"
I have already seen great improvements, my copays have been reduced, as well as my out of pocket costs for my prescriptions
improvements for the 1% Not anyone else You don't care about the 99% you only care about what's good for you.
Please consider the Seniors on your plan!
I love what you are doing!  U really love America and God!  Bless you & your family.  Stay safe MAGA 
the Trumptards are on to you Donnie. And they ain't stupid enough to fall for your, wait what's the Russian word for shit.
you will Bring the unity back to our country by standing up for America. Great job glad we hired you. Thank God you ran!
what planet are you you on. GOP running for their lives. Youre constituents gave Bernie a standing ovation
Should you trust your doctor?  Do you feel that he's telling you the truth and the whole truth in the eyes of God?
didn't you promise to defeat ISIS? You said 30 days. It's been over 60. Your Fired!
how about supporting a plan that can actually UNITE all parties? Unlike the one you have now that is completely awful?
GOP coming together, the old, poor and sick being left behing. @sesamestreet would have taught you better. #NotMyPresident
America is not great it's a damn mess
lololololololololololololol
ARREST MCCAIN!!!!! #INFOWARS
BS!  Loser!
paying your mortgage or your rent, health insurance, PG&E bill, water bill, your children's braces,
I want you, Mr. President to support more of what the Freedom Cacus wants in your American Health Care Act.
ur health care plan was made by sumbody else u haven't got the balls 2 do what u said in ur election speeches 2 the people
Where can we read this bill at?
What??? It's just the opposite. Republicans can't get it together. You've got to stop doing you're thinking on the shitter.
Not fact! You are responsible for the lives of all Americas and are failing considerably! You are destroying our country!

Not! You are letting us down. This is not what you promised.
You are killing thousands of Americans! Do you not understand healthcare or are you intentionally evil?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Still delusional I see!
@SpeakerRyan This plan takes from the poor and elderly to give tax breaks to the rich. We won't stand for it.
trump care doesn't seem as well received as Obama Care. Does that bother you? Seems like Obama is still beating you...
