You’re crazy!
O-care was just another way to screw Americans...par for O-administration!
No to Socialized Medicine....a dead sentence for seniors
It needs to be done away with!
Arizona was the only state with that increase. Using Arizona as an example for the entire country, is ludacris.
Do you have Obama Care NO I have it for me and my family We had no insurance for 3yrs Who are you to say it's not good
@alexthecat1990 #notmypresident!
don't ever get discouraged, Mr. President! There are millions and millions of us love and respect you. We stand with you!
Obamacare is fucking garbage.Most of his stories were made up...
What are you going to do about those of us that are veterans and chose not to get medical insurance?  We have the VA.
everybody can't afford a health savings account, it's great if your working, I had it and loved it.
I would love to help I have a plan like k to car home and apt insurance
I hope you wake up in the middle of your rem Cycle
in Indiana insurance premiums went down 3% bcuz of Affordable Care Act(obamacare). Ask Pence!!! #wethepeople2018
U HAVE ANY EVIDENCES OR JUS ANY OPINIONS
DONT RUN THE OFFICE THIS WAY
ok
Would you please stop talking about the problems and start offering solutions instead? Only way to "make America great"
@guthrie_kelley love the country we live in America is NOW going to be #1
how can you do more then jesus ???
i have great coverage no supplemented and only about 20 more a month then before #ACA #preexisting
please, please fix this mess
In Mexico, you'll find first-class healthcare similar to what you'll find at home, but at a significantly lower price tag.
and Hilary has done to this country. And I pray that they loose Obamacare in the dirt somewhere.
I'm Victoria's father,I'm black,I'm a Democrat,my whole family is Democrat, I hate everything that Bill Clinton and Obama
Obamacare is crushing Idahoans.  We need our President and countryman to deliver us from that oppression.
Yup Ur can't see a Doctor with out taking a LOAN OUT. Meds. cost off the charts. Might as well just Die...
, oh....already happening ..who's crying now red states? Lol...glad I live in a socialist democracy and my kids are covered
I can't wait until Drumpf supporters realize that ACA is the same thing as "Obama care" and lose their own health coverage
you are cool
Why not switch to Universal Healthcare? Take care of everyone regardless of income.
i thought you were going to repeal and replace the same day according to your 20/20 interview.. why r u not doing that?
Another one of ostupid's failed legacies.  Remember when Pelosi said "We have to pass the bill to read it?"
/ get rid of it !
WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG
WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG
wrongg
WRONG
wrong
these numbers aren't real as the millions of handicapped children losing their healthcare insurance.
what is your specific plan to fix it?
@Annibush5Bush What's your alternative!!
How would you know dip shit! When have you ever  had to worry about paying fo anything?
Hey Mr. President, I voted for you,Just please figure out how I can keep my health Insurance. Please I never had it before
@trumpbigregrets sadly they will take it away if it's ACA/Obamacare, sorry.
It does need fixing. Keep coverage 4 preexisting conditions & hopefully subsidy help as me & others REALLY need it 2 live.
I support removing it , but a better option needs to be found, not just no health care some ppl need it
Obamacare did change this year. More expenses in copays, Rx, deductibles, and coinsurance.
My 56yr old fiancée now has Healthcare for the first time in 40 years. What is she supposed to do if you repeal it? Fix it.
how do non workers get free healthcare but those officers putting their lives on the line have to pay?
If ACA doesn't work, WHY are there 22 Million (and more) CURRENT subscribers??  Might work BETTER w/o GOP obstruction/greed
I work for the country's largest ins co., so I know 1st hand how terrible Obamacare is....poorcustomers
Medicaid needs to be increased instead of making 16,100 raise it to 25.000 yearly
lie #fakenews
If taxpayer funded FREE BILLY called it "crazy" then ObamaCare must be REALLY  bad.
It's affordable for TAXPAYER funded http://politicians.College  students???
Congress Is Getting A Special Exemption From ObamaCare--And No, It's Not Legal via @forbes
And the world calls you "incompetent" among other things.
but what you going to do to make better or you going to repealed without replacement. you have a better ones, make better.
He was talking about you
Want to thank someone for keeping jobs in America ? Thank a UNION. You do your manufacturing in China remember.?
single payer government option works ! Ask any other country.
@mk1157 
Mr Trump;
Not just ACA that ruin this nation. The whole sctucture of HC has to change wisely without lobbyists!
2 places in HC lobbyists must not allow, i.e. Commercial insu, and Pharmaceutical industry. People are suffering !
American people are hoping to see a fix of the bureaucracy in Healthcare by President Trump, after Jan 20th !!!!
Mr Trump;
I believe only courageous person like yourself can fix the problem in healthcare. Pl be tough on lobby !
We love it.
well then stop blaming of the Democrats get pissed off at the Republicans they made it this way fix it don't repeal!
oh shut up Trump
what would America do with out          Obama-care!
10 more days ----we went from $4 hundred to $1500 a month- really - what a mess Obamacare is.
That's not true.  You took the quote out of context you liar:
yes, premiums have gone sky high. Most business don't even except insurance or Medicare bc they tell me -can't afford it.
If it were, the millions on it would make it an issue, not the GOP. BS re Bill. & a huge No. of your voters depend on it.
We can't wait long, before we go broke, on Obama Care!  HELP US!            ASAP!
RIGHT? Obamacare... fail.  When it cost more than your mortgage, that's a fail in my 
Book
It doesn't work for whom??
Yea, but he also married @HillaryClinton.
-What do lawyers know about Health Care?  Government shouldn't control our health care, NOT EVER! We will die waiting!
FL GOP/Trump says "Please remember to make sure that you pay 4 our Govt healthcare each and every month"
FL GOP says "Please ignore that premiums have risen at their slowest in over a decade"
FL GOP says "Please IGNORE that costs were rising BEFORE Obamacare"
TRUMP CARE SHOULD  NOT COST NO MORE THAN 200.OO$/MONTH  AND NO DEDUTIBLES  JUSTICE ROBERTS WAS DRUNK WHEN DECIDED TO TAX
IT DOES WORK!!! Have you even looked at the mounds of literature supporting it? I have and I'm a lowly nurse
that increase rate is for ONE state, Indiana will see a decrease. Increases only affect those who are not subsidized.
what's your replacement plan?
I call you CRAZY
I wouldn't have insurance if it weren't for Obama Care.
Really? Because my insurance seems to work when I go to the doctor. Must be a fluke.
for people who make 15,000.00 a year the aforadable care insurance is good for me. $23.00 month premium.  Don't forget me
you do realise @realDonaldTrump doesn't care about you? He just wants to make himself and his friends richer.
The increases are due to insurance companies greed, but you want to blame Obama. You're not as smart as you think
We need common sense reform just Affordable on the name did not helped.
That's because it was never meant to be THE plan. It was meant to move to single-payer, which we SHOULD have.
you get what  you pay for. So we will end up with shit coverage

the increases are Ins co fault not ACA. Every Ins goes up every http://year.You 're ok with taking medical care away from families?
it is cluttery difficult with referals.but better than nothing
insurance was already on the rise before Obamacare you twot
how many law suits do you have going on now, you are not presidential
Works for the 20 million Americans who have it.
please make the outrageous penalties go away.
@GOP @TheDemocrats @DeptofDefense DT-Wrong again. Get UR facts straight. GOP fought it from day 1 & still has no plan.
Group health plans & private insurers premiums will increase if ACA is repealed. @realdonaldtrump
what about the millions of people who didn't have health insurance but now do? It just isn't working for the rich???
Why not eliminate the VA healthcare and use that money toward replacement of ObamaCare.  Kathy

Yeah....but Clinton also said you were crazy. You can't pick and choose.
Some companies did increase their prices trying to make the program look bad. The honest affordable ones are there.
Tell a lie 3 times and people believe it.  (from your own book)
Not enough to criticize ObamaCare. WHAT IS **YOUR** PLAN?
then let's regulate insurance company premiums - they are price gouging and has nothing to do with Obamacare
because of Obamacare I no longer have healthcare insurance at 55 years old for the first time in my life! Just horrible!
how bout you stop talking so much on tweeter!!!! Ugh
for Trump's health care cabnet.... example https://draxe.com/activated-charcoal-uses/ …
people must remember that Trump hates women, blacks, Mexicans, & anyone else who isn't DJT. Most people call him CRAZY.
@KellyRek it was Meant to fail so gov healthcare would replace & more sheep would need a bigger gov and be dependant to it
.@bradottavi @realDonaldTrump

#Insurance-based #HealthCare ~~> The #insurance cronies want 2 mandate our dependency 2 make themselves rich.
you meant to make themselves even more wealthy ...ridiculously more wealthy get it right They been planning 4 yrs
Stop tweeting and get to work to prove to US you're not the hack we know you are!
please get rid of penalties for not having insurance, allow other forms, like catastrophic or well visit plans, count!
I think as a business man you might want to better understand that a lack of a "market" increased the costs
as a hardworking, educated, sm business owner & mom of 2, the ACA is the only way I can stay insured. Do your homework, don
@gop @SpeakerRyan @SenSanders bargain with insurance co & big pharmacy the real culprits of huge costs!
You'll find out if the ACA worked as soon as 20 million people lose their healthcare.
Looking forward to your telling us your workable and affordable solution.  Why aren't you revealing your plan yet?
never was about healthcare. was always about redistribution of wealth. #repealobamacare
I'm on medicaid. Long waits for care, new or crappy DDSs, MDs or NPs. I want real, affordable insurance. 1st Jobs though;)
ObamaCare does work, it saved my son's life.  Without it we would not have the money for his care.  Get you facts checked.
Why are you referencing Bill Clinton when he HATES you too?!
IT IS NOT AFFORDABLE DUE TO INSURANCE COMPANIES, NOTHING TO DO WITH OBAMA.
Stop lying.
D.T. show them how you do business and show U.S.A. that u are not all talk. you are BOUT It!
it is too expensive, coverages sucks. all who are ill is on that plan. u do not see a lot of heathy ppl in that plan
THANK YOU! OT IS A DISASTER. I AM IN THE HEALTHCARE AND D.T. YOU ARE CORRECT.
Congressman @TimRyan is Illegally emailing Ohio constituencies to block you #PEOTUS! Private Message me 4 copy of email #RT

#Wrong again.
if I was Trump I wouldn't live in the White House till he had somebody inspect the whole place for the  Plague
. Since Ignorance is your friend. Try looking  up Marco Rubios bill to kill the ACA. Republicans created the hikes. Clueless
You need to WAKE UP and pay attention to the needs of All American people. HEATH INSURANCE Is a basic human need.
And EVERYONE calls you CRAZY! Maybe you should work on Improvement instead of trying to be the champion of ruining USA!
#wrong
to achieve a goal almost Impossible. U have to reduce the prices in Dr. & Pharma and let more space in Alternative Medici
Yet some of us with no benefits previously have them now. What will you do for us?
my son was able to have back surgery to correct scoliosis. That would never have happened without Obamacare.
It's working for the people who will die without it.
people must remember how incompetent you are for the job.
no, you're crazy.
how about you tweak it instead of getting rid of it without a plan in place?
.@realDonaldTrump You have never known poverty and its companions, hunger and fear. You have no understanding of need, absolutely none.
Don't forget that what we had before didn't work either.
mandatory insurance is unconstitutional
If anyone knows "crazy" it's Bill
9bamacare saved me and my infant daughters life...so pay u0 rich bitches!!!! Lmfao!!!
I see you intentionally and often calling it Obamacare instead of ACA just to push those neg emotions forward
People must remember that Republicans refused to do their job when it came to Obamacare and it is working for millions
PLEASE PRES.TRUMP ASK CONGRESS To DO SOMETHING ABOUT OUR HOMELESS VETERANS OUT IN THE COLD
So fix it then, bozo.
just look at usa starting to build momentum an stating to go better and in aus since trump victory?
http://money.cnn.com/2016/12/22/news/companies/trump-foreign-workers/index.html …
Why are you NOW ok with ANYTHING related to the Clintons?! Aren't you always saying what a POS Bill is?? Make up your mind
Can we hear your healthcare plan?
cherry-picks data from Arizona the state hit the hardest by '17 prem increase under the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare.
The Affordable Health Care act has saved me from sinking.  Your claim is false.
