Why are the racist Democratic party not having their feet put to the fire?
Because the racist MSM loves what they are hearing.



White supremacists love sell outs. It's easier to deceive a group of people by weaponizing one of their own. DUH!
There you go throw out what the TV taught you, if you speak against racism, you are a "white supremacist". Another of your racist teachings.
Democrats were slaughtered by MLK for their KKK mindset. So they turned it around and promote the same divisions going anti white instead.
When you call them out, they have a patented response. 
They chuckle and call it "reverse racism".
As if it isn't exactly the same thing.
REPORT CARD: It's been 3 months since President Donald Trump took office. What grade would you give him? AAAA
A for asshole; I agree with that. Great call.
Remember when @realDonaldTrump referred to 9/11 as 7/11.. ?
Remember when Obama said he visited the 57 states?
A world tour of dudes who have banged @TiffanyATrump or dudes, whose butlers have done her  we live you Tiff! 
Shame your mama never taught you any manners
You run a glue farm 
Guess she forgot Trump's own words.
Oh the romance
Who says chivalry is dead?
We have a wonderful President and he is doing things to better our country. I respect the hard work he is doing. Not easy.
Me and about 60% of America disagree with you.
He's not a #SoCalledPresident, why is he meeting with you?

https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/855172998747348998 … #resist
A great honor to host PM Paolo Gentiloni of Italy at the White House this afternoon! #ICYMI- Joint Press Conference: http://45.wh.gov/32jE1S  
You're the #PantsOnFirePOTUS 

You are the #LiarInChief
I'll bet even Putin is more patriotic than you are #LiarInChief
The Italian PM can't possibly be as much a liar as Trump, even if it were still Berlusconi. #LiarInChief #PantsOnFirePOTUS
Was #PresidentBannon there? 

@realDonaldTrump
I will always resist you. #resist 

@realDonaldTrump
Awesome I enjoyed it and many of your followers
Oh I cannot listen to you. So much bad acting.
Did you know your "great friend" has been dead 10 years?

Yes, he is going to prison. That's why the FBI has this guy where Putin can't poison him. #LiarInChief #trumprussia
He's the #PantsOnFirePOTUS 

He's the #LiarInChief
I wonder if the Italian PM needs to be reminded to salute our flag?  #LiarInChief
The Italian PM can't possibly be as much a liar as Trump, even if it were still Berlusconi. #LiarInChief #PantsOnFirePOTUS
Did the Italian PM meet with #PresidentBannon?
You ever want to unsee something?

How's the Wicked Witch of The West Wing doing? @KellyannePolls
Do you know where Italy is?
Do you? 
Bot much, Maria? BLOCK THE RUSSIAN TROLL.
Reisss
Why didn't you bring him to your resort? You could have made millions
Damn rights it's the peoples house and I want to know who goes in and out!
Was he honored to meet with you?
You are the #PantsOnFirePOTUS after all… #LiarInChief
I wonder if the Italian PM needs to be reminded to salute our flag? 
The Italian PM can't possibly be as much a liar as Trump, even if it were still Berlusconi. #LiarInChief #PantsOnFirePOTUS
Was #PresidentBannon there?

 @realDonaldTrump
I will always resist you. #resist 

@realDonaldTrump
Your resistance is an indicator that our moral compass is still functioning properly.
Hi  Donald   https://twitter.com/michaellooneym/status/855186463062753280 ….
Great job! @realDonaldTrump

No photo shop needed.

Watched your  press conf and you have to get better at reading and looking at Public. I know it's hard pretending to know what ur doing. SAD
I advise you not to go. You beter should do something else what already was on schedule. now you messed up your schedule again.
Absolutely Outstanding, Best President EVER
I'll bet you pissed him off too!
Please stop, stop with liars, Assad have no chemical weapons, u allready seen the video from 2013 there shows FSA using chemical weapons.
I dont want world war 3, because of bad leadership,, weide some random chemical weapons, shows up on a isis controlled town

I really hope you did not embarrass you self and the American people again
... i dont embarrasse myself because im like a smart person
Amore"
Your followers communicate with memes because they can't spell.
And yet here you are as well. 
What? You have nothing better to do either?

Let's make America great with love and compassion. Not division.  https://youtu.be/HfqafLjePqw 
Your 3rd grade reading, in front of the Italian PM, made me change the channel! What an embarrassment, you are! You're very illiterate!
Unfortunately too many GOP flunkies pump this narcissistic buffoons ego (to push their agendas)and he's stupid enough to believe them.
They need to be taken down! LOL
The sooner, the better!
Agreed!

A great honor to host PM Paolo Gentiloni of Italy at the White House this afternoon! #ICYMI- Joint Press Conference… htt...
you can't give Hillary a pass, she's a threat to our democracy
the only way to get rid of Killiary is PROSECUTE HER!!!
don't sign the democrats bill. We are tired of the republicans giving into them.  Don't go down that rabbit whole
小川，上线来开黑了
草泥马
Fun fact
Gallup
So the samplings for all other presidents were accurate, but poor Trump. It's a cospiracy. Grow up.
Okay, here's Rasmussen
Yes, way to keep your chin up.
我们耿主任问您，华盛顿滴房价，啥时候能赶上他们兴隆县
Hello
Still waiting for the evidence in the made up trump Russia lies huh? After 2 years of spying and still nothing.  Lol.
When are you going to release your tax returns?
Exactly. So where are the tax returns Trump said he'd release? Only a lying crook with something serious to hide would keep them secret.
Would you say the same about Obama? Tax returns arent anyones business
Obama released his returns. Trump lies.
No youre just gullible
Did Obama real ease his taxes? Yes. Did Trump promise to release his taxes? Yes. Did Trump release his taxes? No. Trump is a liar.
Trump is here and hes here to stay
Trump didn't know that Pavarotti, who he called a great friend, passed away 10 years and that his widow told Trump to stop using his music?
Trump really is a very stupid man!  Very stupid!
Yes, very much so. And so are the rest of his fan club, who he bamboozles every day.
Trump just shouted out to his good friend Pavarotti. WHO DIED IN 2007.
Sounds about right???
Then leave.  It's not like you're doing anything good for society.
What are you contributing to society other than paying your taxes?? We would all love to know.
You're posting on a thread where you're the minority and I'm the troll?  Try again
I'm the majority. Have you seen the orange orangutan's approval rating lately? Horrendous. You have issues. "Highly miseducated"
Funny he had a 35% approval rating when he was elected president :)
Why did you vote for Trump? He's a blatant mysogist, xenophobe and racist (See Bannon). How could someone like him "improve society"?
When are you going to welcome your BFF Vladimir?
It's been 90 days, Donald. We'll add this investigation to your ever growing list of lies. https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/819865802849587200 …
https://twitter.com/polNewsNet/status/855438887732248576 …
Donny, your flailing around at the podium like a flounder on dry land. You have no business talking with world leaders. Total embarrassment!
Too bad your fragile ego and mental inadequacies can't handle the visit of a strong woman leader like German Chancellor Angela Merkle.

You're a complete embarrassment
Luciano Pavarotti, 12 October 1935 – 6 September 2007)
Keep up the good work Mr President! #MAGA #TrumpTrain
Glad to know Italians are originally from Italy.  LOL
Not true. Trump had dinner with him and Frederick Douglas last week.
You are a fool.
Did you serve Pizza??
When will you get rid of those gold curtains?? They need to be gone!
And then you were your usual self and pissed him off with your name calling
Making friends = Draining the Swamp
A great honor to publicly insult ANOTHER European head of state! Trump's ignorance & ineptitude is astounding. Exceeded ONLY by his venality

Dude ur the best president USA ever had ,more WORLD leaders should be like YOU ,Less talkin and more acting ,keep up the good work
Less commas, more punctuation.
It's a shame it's not still Berlusconi. You two would have fucking got on like a house on fire #peasinapod
Any weird power hand shakes... #tinyhandstrump
Hahaha
God bless you and God bless America. Thank you! #MAGA 
Can't we get god to bless Papua New Guinea instead? They've waited so patiently and it's their turn.

Sadly he does not feel the same warmth toward you ...
Please tell us more about how you and Mussolini are great friends.
He added, 'we lost alot of soldiers in Normandy because you couldn't take care of Hitler yourself: SAD...
He continued, 'wha... That was France... Right; That's what I meant.'.
Unless he's a future Mussolini, he likely isn't as pleasured by it as you falsely claim to be.
America first!!! Your autism should be last!!!!
Do you by any chance feel invisible hands guiding you when you're at your potters wheel ?

bwah hah hah! Pavoratti is a good friend!? Italy is laughing at u, a person that claims to be friends with a dead man! Sad!
Proud of you Mr. President!

Just you, Gentiloni and the ghost of Pavarotti.
I heard that Pavarotti and Douglass were coming by for drinks later too.
Important moments. Diana, 9/11, Pavarotti, Bowie. I know where I was when the news came. You?
By the way.....How was Pavarotti?
Yeah, saw how you took the podium without the respect of the man going first.  You're such an egomaniac.
Did DT shake hands or did he snub him, as he did with the only EU representative who has a strong economy, Germany's Angela Merkel ?
in the world, be it Mexico, China, Japan nor even all the countries of the European Union.
So much fun listening to you stumble through trying to answer questions from the press.  Your word salad is worse than Sarah Palin's.
Free Assange
And how's your pal, Luciano, RIP?  You embarrassed the U.S..  Again.

When he called you 'stronzo' he meant it.
Definitely a good driver. Gotta watch wapner at 4:00


 “Trump Overthrows USA In Under 100 Days” by @DameJEMarshall
Recap 45 your friends with a man who has been dead for years,Tillerson is pretty much running shit almost 100 days in and nothing good done
Sleep well our fat "prince". Tomorrow everything changes for you.  
oh gal. I took a twitter break and you're still here?
thank you for having the great achivement for the interest your citizens and the whole the world thank for it
Did you see your latest ratings? Sad!
Your great, great, friend is dead. Any friends that are alive?  #PresidentBannon & #PresidentKushner like you, for now. #TrumpRussia
So what did you learn in the ten minutes he spoke to you?  Hopefully something you can use in office??
You and Pavarotti should totally sing a duet! How about next week??
@PaoloGentiloni perdonalo. Non sta bene. E con lui, tutti gli USA si sono ammalati. Terminale mi sa
wow,benissimo Signor Trump!Great,great friend of Luciano Pavarotti?Pompous president!Luciano P. è morto 10 anni fa.Don't look so scared when
Your eloquence and brilliance are humbling. I adore the line about the relationship between the U.S./Italy stretching back to Ancient Rome!
How is your friend Pavarotti? Embarrassment. #ImpeachTrump
Dear PM Gentiloni, please understand Mr Trump is showing signs of senility: losing things, shouting random words, unsure what's real, etc.
I have SOLUTION for the problem
I suggest you building garbage mountain that is "garbage wall"
Ciao Mr. President I am an independent Journalist living in Sicily, Italy (site of G7)  I hope I have the great honor to meet you in May!
Hey, Pavarotti has been dead for over a decade! His wife wrote a statement about how much she dislikes you & your world view. Good friends?!
You still friends with a dead dude
To bad Luciano Pavarotti couldn't be there!  How ignorant are you.  Just shows you are not qualified top be POTUS #SAD
Why is the video only of you?
Say hello to Pavarotti for me! He's a great guy.
The Pavarotti thing was a nice touch, but you forgot to mention your friends Anthony “Fat Tony” Salerno and Paul Castellano.
How is Pavarotti doing? Why you not invite him to Mar-a-lago this weekend? I bet he want some awesome chocolate cake too.
Pavarotti's wife asked to stop using his track of Nessun Dorma at your rallies because"your values are incompatible with his."#GreatFriends?
Very cool, Donald. Hey, so you gave a shout out to your buddy Pavorotti? Fyi, the guys been dead for 10 yrs? I mean, how weird is that?
Sir can you change your DP with smiley face.
Your awesome Mr President
Did your friend Pavarotti attend as well? What did he sing? #twighlightzoneprez
Yea joseph..they are a $%holes
You don't deserve honour. #Narcissist
It wonderful to have you in our wonderful people's house? LOL Very poor English
#TrumpRussiaCollusion
Don = idiot
Do you ever research anything? Pavorriti is dead.
Where was your good friend Pavarotti?
too bad his intellect, credibility, wisdom, and intelligence are way over your head. You're an embarrassment to the us.
How is your good friend, Pavarotti?
America has been regime changing all over the world and with you they know what it feels like to have a foreigner's puppet in the WH
