YOᑌ ᗪᗩ ᗰᗩᑎ 
Thanks to our narcissistic chimp in chief, we are living the Chinese Curse "May you be born in interesting times!"!!!!
I can tell you're reading that speech absolutely surprised you can read it LOL
Please Mr Pres don't listen to Rivera,s idea of picking a more liberal judge next time around. pick constitutionalist judges save USA.
Great to see a President who couldn't care less what the so called media thinks!  Their daily headlines are so boring
Thank you for righting what was so wrong in the SCOTUS. Thank you for Justice Gorsuch. G d bless U, our beloved POTUS Trump
#FakePresident
#GolferInChief
#Sad
#Pathetic
#ImpeachTrumpNOW
#HillaryForPrison
#UnitedStatesOfCorruption
#PitchforksUnited
Yeah. In the same way that Cesar naming himself emperor was for Rome.
Thank you President Trump. Praying for you daily. Keep draining the swamp!!
It is an exciting time for our country! #WeeklyAddress #ConfirmGorsuch ...
Thanks to increasingly substandard & iffy grade & high schools, encouraged by hateful know nothings & flat earthers, we plunge into abyss!
@potus $25 million FRAUD Settlement for Trunp University! Very presidential!! Screwing the US students and the Dept of Ed for $?!? #resist
bill Clinton's fiascos with cigars under his desk...ok?
Brought to you by RT, sponsored by Putin.
for you and the rest of the 1%ers maybe, the rest of us feel used and lied to.....
why don't you speak live, unedited without a speech to the american people, answer questions from the press??? afraid of what u might say?
It's even more exciting to watch the media (henchmen) have their meltdowns every single day b/c they LOST BIG!
You are doing an awesome job, Mr President
Keep up the fight We're behind you
what the?????
I support you
Bb i.b.
no global warming don't believe the left that's in ur admin they r wrong people that put u in office will drop u fast
Good statue in white house but india has
Many statue like white house expasaly
In Madurai  tamil nadu
Yeah, be ready to duck from North Korean missiles, @$S#hole.  That is SO MUCH fun.

@CBSNews @CNN @ABC @ABFalecbaldwin
IT'S A TERRIFYING TIME FOR AMERICA...NOT YOUR COUNTRY...GO BACK TO RUSSIA!!!!
Ya your going to have us killed.
A hint to your production team: Most of us are media savvy and know high production values cover edits. Also, maybe add color to your next
I wish someone would stop the geo engineering.  I want clean fresh air again
@BarbB0925 @Hannajewel @pharris830@MazzyBella
It will be degenerate when ur impeached 
#TrumpRussiaCoverUp #44Ever #PEEOTUS
Best President we've ever had, bar none!  Just one tweak though, 'please take good care of our teachers and educators, they are worried). TY
Amen Mr. President  we are with you
Ah.. "Exciting" is not necessarily the word I would have used. 'Frightening" perhaps.
& a crazy time
Oh please more than half the country dispises u
Might be excited
Why? Have you been diagnosed with something terminal- other than stupidity that is...
When is it going to be a reduction in the payroll taxes. Waiting two years for a VA claim out of Detroit Michigan why so long
Yes, Civic Engagement and Activism is at an all time high and continue to grow to remove your ignorant ass from the Oval
More like terrifying
dear god you're pathetic
Hahaha! Hahaha! Hahaha! 
Omg these people cracking me up!
How is confirming a far right woman hater a good thing?
Stop the Chem trails,  their crop dusting the crap out of us.

I hate you
If you mean exciting in the sense of prisoners being gang-raped in the shower for the first time, then America is a  exciting place to be.
I can't disagree w POTUS; "the Media IS the enemy of our Republic". At least part of it is. The "watchdog" is now attackdog
Not for ours. More wars = more killed in our streets in France. And more Christians killed all over the world.
Yes it is for us who are alive today to see you in office our wonderful President.
God bless you with good health and knowledge
If by exciting you actually mean scary, then yes
Mr. Trump, thank you for not allowing us to be another Sweden. I can sleep knowing my family is safe. Hats off to you and yours.
Yes it is.  Watching you crash and burn and show your true colors is an exciting time for us.  Crash and burn 45.  You're going down.
Keep Reince Pribus please
AGREE..FULL OF HOPE AGAIN AFTER 8 YRS OFFOR USA..THXS TO OUR POTUS & OTHER TRUMP SUPPORTERS 
Love this VIDEO -

Wish I knew how to save it to File. 
How to download videos from Twitter:

you had no problem killing babies who you consider future terrorists but we see through your BS!
you have it wrong it's a scary time for America majority are terrified of what you will do or tweet next. Just resign
just listening it
Stupid American
)))
You don't get to pick a judge in your last year as president
Illegitimate SCOTUS along with an illegitimate POTUS
It's an exciting time for our country ? Really ? Maybe if you were gone it would be exciting, you have brought our country so low.
Watch ur back from Bannon & Ryan.
BRUH u can see his eyes reading the prompter. smh
Its a terrifying time, hardly exciting!
Create Your Own Media Company That Gives The People The Real Truth, Not Propaganda Lies Of Shamestream Media.  Syria Didn't Attack It's Own.
Changing the rules in the middle of your 'Gorsuch' game is called cheating...
Hey snowflakes run to your safe places the Trump train is blowing its horn!
Are you going to support the Native American community, and if so, how?
http://bit.ly/2lQX2DJ 
#iPhone #MoveTheBall #MoveTheBallClassic Syria
#SignOfTheTimes
#Scandal
Allen Crabbe
Brian Williams Best Song Ever
I need you to take down the evil in the Middle East period I believe in you! And your people!
sorry, you made a typo.  I think you meant to say It's a "frightening" time .
tell and show that the American People will not deal with little thorns threatening and killing
it's very exciting you're right I'm 63 years old ,you're the best president in my lifetime.
Thank you sir!
Uncle Donnie? The only exciting time for America will be when u get impeached!
done during my Monday #September2994 Title VII jury trial!! Don't want ANY "political stints" done w/my PRIVATE @advocatehealth career!!
It's like d DC partisan games being played n U do a "political stunt" on me? I return d "political stint!!" I don't like d "political stunt"
Are you kidding me?kick your hip
Actually it's the saddest time for our country. You are burning down what America stands for. You are the Axis of Evil .
Did I hear the word IMPEACH?  Because THAT would be exciting.
65% of us think it's a scary time Put some people in ur administration who know something. By the way Chinese do not like golf - should b WH
Getting ready for WAR is always exciting. When will your family serve?
Shame on you for hurting America pushing an unqualified candidate. History will long remember how a racist GOP kept Garland from the bench
Abusing the nuclear option to push through an unqualified nominee for S.C Justice will put you on the wrong side of history. Shame on you
I'll be excited when you are out!
I THINK SINCE YOU ARE SOOO RICH, YOU SHOULD PAY FOR THE WALL!! YOU CAN'T EVEN REPAY YOUR BANKRUPTCY DEBT OR SECURITY BILLS TO NY AND FLORIDA
this liberal queers that have taken over the democratic party should be ashamed and need to be run out of washington, they only mean harm
no it's really not. It's a scary time for our country.
Not really.
Which one, Russia?
Confirm Gorsuch!
Change? Like booting you out of office? That would make my life better.
Haters think they can change minds by tweeting and restate the incomplete stories. For the love of God, move on and do something that matter
Haters will hate that's just what they do because haters cant do anything else.
I'm far more excited about when the administration is going to boot your flabby butt out of the WH.
Well, what now? Going to call 3am vote like you tried on AHCA? Nope.
They're all on a long vacation & you're stuck in DC all by yourself.
Please make America Great Again.  You and Pence and all the Trump trolls out of Washington.
You mean it is a scary time for this country
We don't believe a word you're saying.
It is an exciting time cuz we're all so jazzed about your pending impeachment.
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
OBAMA IS SUCH A SNOB ,  NOT TO MENTION INMATURE
you are right on track Mr President! America should be proud to have you in such a time like this!
You mean .....sad time !!!!
If you haven't watch President Trumps speech it's powerful and uplifting! Thank you President Trump!!!
j Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
ii Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
You're writing a letter of resignation? Exciting!
Narcissistic Personality Disorder
President Trump help the construction workers here in Florida that don't have breaks, or  bathroom breaks. I got fired this
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump protecting the rule of LAW  #ConfirmGorsuch This Friday #Maga 
It is exciting isn't it. The lies, the greed, the racism! You can almost smell the treason in the air #NeverGorsuch #ConfirmGarland #Impeach
You are delusional & incompetent buffoon & an serious detriment to Americans. You are sick & unfit! Resign & go away!!
Substitute exciting with scary
No it is not. The country is not happy with a nonleader failing moronic president.
You have the lowest approval ratings for a POTUS ever and you're only 2 months in. Sad!
But trumps impeachment will be exciting
Right! I never watch TrUmp and never watch Fox news, but THAT I will watch!!!!! 
It is a terrible time for our country the president is being investigated 4 treason the admin is full of billionaires who only want 2 make $
I don't think exciting is the word I would use. Watching you destroy the U.S. is more like a nightmare.
Pay any amount to white house. Go to any collection agency
Dealing with china and russia debt...250 tril...go asap to white house or near a collection agency and pay....asap
Pay debt to the white house serioysly...alot of debt overseas..white house will know how to allicate it
Pay debt to the whitehouse quickly
Pay debt quick to tge whitehouse
Pay debt quick to the white house
GARLAND
only in your mind.....
Watching the country take a full blown NOSE DIVE into the pit of hell is NOT my idea of exciting.  Stop tweeting & work!
The exciting time is for the first president to be arrested for treason,can't wait!
What did you do?
Real Men reassure their country when their country is so scared and afraid of the path their President is taking them down.
what world do you live in?? You are clueless
it will be soon enough. give it a minute
No! It's a totally scary time for our country! Only you!! Would call it " exciting". Go away
Save your Russian breath
Thank you for being a Champion of We the People!!
