if making the rich richer makes my paycheck bigger than I say we need more rich people. No poor person gave me a job.
Obama's farewell speech tonight. Who knew hope and change meant 8 years later.
I'M SO EXCITED. 2 HRS and Obama gives best speech ever. His Farewell so5eech. Finally getting the change he promised.
I'm a small business owner and you becoming President has not made any difference Oh right you are stuck on immigration
Iu freett
helping small business is good for everyone. I hope to expand our business and hire more techs. #helpingourecomony
Mr. President, please require food distributors to put Country of Origin on their products.
Donald Trump
Please require food companies to post Country of Origin on their products.
You still taking credit for things before you're even in office? *Facepalm* @CNBC
I Love you too much
LIAR!
#FakeNewsAlert
the only reason why Trump has supporters is because all of them are racist
that wasn't funny of u I respect u whoever done that pic is a big jerk proud for u
We're all hoping for a gusty day on the 20th so we can see your hair piece take flight into the Capitol Reflecting Pool. @realDonaldTrump
Remind Meryl Streep she hounered Margret Thatcher a woman who ruined intire familys in the uk.  #UKFORTRUMP
the optimistic feeling is more than just for businesses. Ppl have had enough of politically correct jargon!
How to MAKE RUSSIA PAY for helping elect  worst case scenario?
Disqualify Trump NOW & we'd all be better off. #MAGA
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Optimism among women, immigrants & minorities plummets, but of course you don't give a shit about them anyway.
But when CNBC calls you out for your lies it is "dishonest media". You're not fooling anyone you stooge.
please stop tweeting!
as a business owner, yes you do help. As a human being and mom? No, you're not qualified to be our president
@Sandy19782016 @realDonaldTrump he will help big businesses. Nothing will happen for the little guys.
Trump is a looser. You have a mental issue! I regret voting for you! Go to Russia! Leave our country immediately!!!
Go Donald Go! Wonderful to see the Globalist whimpering. Now if they'd just get a job.
My anxiety has also been soaring with your appointments of racists to important gov't positions. Thx!
And the current record low unemployment and increasing wages have nothing to do with that right little Donnie?
.. You big dummy... Another lie
Optimism is not the same thing as REALITY! Let's hope that their faith is born out in reality!


You forgot to mention that you're plumbing new depths with the American Public: 
https://twitter.com/RonBrownstein/status/818909580214333440 … …
In Gallup polling, highest disapproval ever for incoming prez was 25%. Per @ThePlumLineGS @QuinnipiacPoll puts Trump at double that: 51%. https://twitter.com/ThePlumLineGS/status/818876318188240897 …
Small business is in for a huge letdown.  Trump only cares about his big businesses.
Get off your phone and pay attention to Jeff Sessions hearing!
This is from his handlers. He hasn't personally tweeted since the Ford/Fiat one
And how do you know this? Do tell!
his are from an Android this is from an iphone. It's also coherent
This actually makes sense.
for reference http://www.latimes.com/nation/politics/trailguide/la-na-trailguide-updates-trump-tweets-iphone-android-1470868218-htmlstory.html …
I knew his tweets seemed to stable. Probably knows the Kompromat on him is coming...
VIDEO: Bernie Sanders debates small business owner --
the devil's in the details
Such as an EPA boss who doesn't believe in pollution, racist AG, wallstreeters, a dummy in charge of energy, nepotism...BS!
Lot of safety wearing cry babies commenting - awww you poor snow flakes the big bad Trump man is doing good wahhhhhh
sugar high.
no it had soared before but nice try taking some more credit for something Obama did. #moron
That's just a feeling. We need details. Policy. What are you going to DO besides tweet self-congratulatory BS
you'll just snatch up all the cheap real estate again from all your supporters who loose their homes!
What's with the compulsive tweeting?
Don't toot that horn too loud. Let's see where it is in 100 days.
You say I look bad yet whenever I look at you, you give me pharyngitis.
.@realDonaldTrump The higher the rise, the harder the fall. What if you cannot meet the people's expectations?
what if's  are hypothetical questions designed by the left as a trap.
.@elena_dig Or they are just valid concerns. Nobody benefits from the president panicking in the Oval Office because he is unprepared.
it's a trust issue then. I have trust, until I am proven wrong.
.@elena_dig It's about being realistic. Every president faces crises, so Trump should spend more time preparing and less time taking credit.
He's not President yet..
Then how can he take credit?
look at what he has done so far? Getting companies to pledge to bring back jobs
why is that cockblocker Lahey asking Sessions about nonconsensual pussy grabbing? Trump only grabbed pussies who wanted it

WHEN WILL U STOPING LYING?  EVERYTHING U POST IS CRAP!! AND I VOTED FOR U. #REMORSE#REGRET
You aren't in office yet. NONE of that has ANYTHING to do with you. Stop trying to take credit for doing nothing.
No but he will be in 10 days!!! #crybabies lol
Until he gets impeached.
Hahaha. Not happening. Get used to it!! #draintheswamp
Don't you mean #buildtheswamp? Don't forget he's making YOU pay for his shitty little wall. Have fun with that.
: Boy, those Trumsters are a sensitive lot. Post Trump's own words and they block you. LOL!!!
The Dunning Kruger effect is very much at play with everyone inside the Trumpster fire. It's fascinating.
: Stockholm syndrome always popped up in my mind during this election. Not sure why though :D
Life's pretty cushy when you inherit Obama's robust economy. Unfortunately little good can be said of your econ advisers.
the robust economy only came after Trump won the election.
Nerp! That was Trump's robust brain fart.
- #thankyou #BarackObama
- bailed out the auto industry when #GOP and #Trump said let it go bankrupt
This could be real trouble for Trump!
REAL NEWS. ANOTHER ONE MINS. AGO!  New poll has Trump approval rating at 37%, Obama at 55%
Does this really matter at this point?
Watching a man deny something that is clearly on video is A POTUS LYING. THAT WILL ALWAYS MATTER.
Your original post was about a popularity contest not a questionable story.
There are just some days when I cannot just let this man get a pass - on whatever insanity of the day
Take it easy Bonnie. He's gonna be Prez and you'll be ok.
Well... a lot people may not be ok when they hear " you are not covered "
I believe that's happened a lot already. Nice try.
Republicans are against hand-outs, but FOR the guy that got millions from his dad to start his business. Incredible!
Tommy must want people to give their inheritance to the government instead of children after death
*sigh* The "death" tax. Yet another fallacy.  Do some research.
@CNB

Please secure our electric grid!
NOT!
alibaba's CEO jack ma says otherwise
alibaba... small biz... got it: you're stoopid.
Alibaba isn't small. Look them up and don't call people stupid. That's why we have Trump in office.
thanks for proving your stupidity by proving your stupidity!
(I was juxtaposing 'small biz' with 'alibaba' because they're not a small biz - the wit was clearly lost on you)
Alibaba is an e-commerce group, they'll be promoting for local businesses to help them grow. I foresee some huge progress
nice popularity numbers today
Would be a shame if they fell more
How low can they go?  Down, down, down - like a deflated hot air balloon.
People thought life would improve after Hitler, too.
we're all gonna lose it.
Birth Control Effectiveness 
Condoms: 98 %
The Pill 99 %
#MAGA Hat 100 %
#TheResistance #IStandWithPP #MakeAmericaSickAgain

Nice to see you've learnt how to spell your name. You Trumpers learn fast
Oh I muted that thing a while ago lol
I have a feeling I'm going to have an (admittedly worthwhile) inbox of anger and threats from them all tomorrow
Ignore them haha, my life story, for some reason, most of them are speechless now
I'm still waiting for one of them to follow through with the threat of suing me for 'disrespecting their political freedom'
That's a new one, I never heard that, you must have really pissed them off :)
https://youtu.be/Qth3kQKaTX0 
and what did you have to do with this? Taking credit again for not doing anything.
Dude stop acting like a girl. My bad, forgot you are one!
Underreported by MSM but the people who hires are celebrating and that means jobs for Americans. #YEA
One president at a time gets credit bud. #fakenews
you are a tool.
Fake NEWS!! LOL
Liar!
What's the difference between you and a brick? The brick gets laid.

and now optimism turns into media frenzy on #GoldenShower
DUMP! Putin!
You are the reason people are blind
and Obama had no experience in anything but good public speaking & organizer, just went to college & became educated

Too bad there all ignorant and misinformed to know better.. So sad for us all!
...says only trump with a 37% approval rating....
Ever since I have seen you in your family tree, I have wanted to cut it down.
Get ready for the BIG let down...
can't eat optimism and we know u won't allow them to get rich.. They aren't in top 2% and won't have health insurance
. I bet your butthole soars in delight about whatever your mouth says too. Oh wait, they're both the same thing.
small business ownere here who supports #Trump2016
probably had nothing to do with the last eight years of economic recovery, right?  You narcissistic turd.
Trump is a Scientologist.
Hey, you have something on your chin... third one down...
Great News... I have a small business...
you do not have the credit for that, you hurt small businesses by not paying contractors and workers, LIAR #fakenews  SAD
I wonder how much Mr. Trump paid those people to hold that sign?
It does not say "because of," it says "after." Sometimes things are simply sequential. And, yes, sometimes they are causal.
my son has made over 2500 on one penny stock since Trump was elected. He's already MAGA!
#Economist Small business optimism soars after Trump election https://btc.icymi.email/small-business-optimism-soars-after-trump-election/ … via @realDonaldTrump #reality
THANKS OBAMA!
we have experienced the Trump Bump in our small business. Hope truly restored.
what a liar you are. Has nothing to do with you.  Going to be fun here in the next few days, huh?  RussiaRussiaRussia
wow!  Hitting a home run before you go up to bat! You are "special"
Hey, you have something on your chin...3rd one down.
wrong again small business after 18 years is closing in march. Business has come to a screeching halt since your election
why must your ego constantly  be stroked?
#goldenshowers
Hope you're watching Obama's farewell speech. That's how a REAL president does his/her thing. #LearnSomethingTrump.
zacktheripr
-Please revoke Dodd-Frank. It is killing my small business!!
Yup much fake news.
I wish you would been president when I had my small business. We are blessed to have such a man running this country.
This is great news!! But you will never hear about it on CNN or MSNBC.
FAKE NEWS!!!
@ChuckTodd @cnn @msnbc @maddow @morningJoe @JoeNBC @megynkelly we are not saying Melania was a hooker, just an illegal

as an entrepreneur....we need a businessman (or woman) running the biggest business in the world! #my2cents
If you can keep it up for a year, you'll get a pat on the head from me.
thank you
yay
Sally Fields, I was surprised hear your comments about TRUMP.Where are coming from????
ah poor little Donny got his feelings hurt by that mean bad bully press. Maybe go sit in your room alone & cry & stay there
I see that you have yet to develop any humility. Stop patting yourself on the back pal.
FAKE NEWS! #FakeNewsAlert
Thanks to President Obama. Within 6 months the new administration will loose any gains. #WhinyLittleBitch
when was the last time you had 276000 people watch one of your speeches. You're just a pimple on Obama's ass
You're the reason why they created nuke... so they could kill the entire humanity and leave you and your ugly face alone.
Should read DUMP
obviously Russian hookers and plumbers have more work...
We can thank our POTUS Obama for this. ONE PRESIDENT AT A TIME. You can never touch him in any capacity! #LOSER#CROOK
you just loveeeeee your name
listening to POTUS farewell speech- now that's how to give a speech! Trump, you'd better learn fast!

to bad you are only talk and will let them suffer
I sure hope these pictures reach Donald Trump's face.
why do you talk about Trump in your tweets like he's a third person? Smh ..you are just not all there are you?!
I would love to insult you but I'm afraid I wouldn't do as well as nature did.
@KellyannePolls
With a face like yours, I wish I was blind.
This is awesome! Thank you for all you are planning for us!
Yea it soared when Regan sold his trickle down BS in the 1980's also. Then the economy collapsed proving his methods wrong. Preview of you?
. @realDonaldTrump @CNBC #fakenews
Meanwhile, the rest of the people's optimism about our safety from nuclear war after Trump's press conference, plummets!
You may bring jobs, but the deals will be paid for by the middle class. When r u going to stop making products in other countries?
Why don't you check up on eBay and see if they have a life for sale.
why would small businesses ever be glad you're in office? Everything you stand for is the exact opposite of helpful to them
how much did you pay them to be there?

show us your taxes.
more fake news
dear mr trump I was hoping you would be The alien disclosure president in 2017
more baloney.
that won't last long...
I'd be more optimistic for a candidate who has released his taxes (and shown he doesn't have conflicts of interest).
Optimism.  Not small businesses.  Optimism.  Get off Twitter and actually do something.  #AllTalkNoAction
Ever since I have seen you in your family tree, I have wanted to cut it down.
You do realize that Trump does everything in his power to crush SBOs right? Dude rips everyone off. How he got to the top.
BREAKING NEWS: Trump tweets about himself in an effort to self praise #
Trump Train!!!
You're full of shit, babyhands.
no sm bus optimism is not soaring after your election. Most of those that supported U now fear what U bring 2 the USA
Your mum's like a switch, even a two-year old can turn her on.
Fake news!
I can tell you this much Obama used the CIA/NSA to use software made by Edward Snowden to compile lists.
Those lists contained Conservatives and Republicans then the Democrats shared those lists with all Democrats state & local
That's where they got the lists for the IRS to attack and intimidate.
. Thank you. Mr.Trump.
this is what the country needs. Please don't disappoint not just your followers but all Americans. Is your word good?
Of all the mistakes your parents made, you take the cake!
#ipayicare Why do small businesses pay taxes and you don't? UnAmerican.
ItsDaWorldOfSNuGGLEZ
those small businesses are idiots. their own faults for not being optimistic to begin with.
Yea you're a real whiz PEEOTUS.
Lie, lie!  Not true.
I only peed this much
will the price of adult diapers also soar?
worth a try DJT. Not sure this'll distract us from Golden Watergate 
more fake news! #fake news must stop
Thanks, Obama!
Dishonest Donald have you kept up with the jobs the last 8 years?
ITT: Small Business owners fall for bullshit. Don't understand policy implications.
Thank You Mr. TRUMP. I can hardly wait for the squatters to leave our house.
Fake News...no one is more secure because of Trump...well maybe Puti!
Too bad that optimism is misguided. You're going to be the death of the  middle class.
I thought they were 'Fake News' 
Fake news
28% say they feel worse about you since Election while just 23% say they feel better. You are uniting the country, againstU

Bwahahahahaha! You are so full of it. #NotMyPresident
lol nope
