the failing trump administrating with the lowest approval ratings since the Ford administration is being indicted by #Mueller.
First charges filed in Russia probe led by U.S. Special Counsel: source http://reut.rs/2gPYAdS  
FLIP THAT FLAG BACK UP!!!!
Hire me : https://goo.gl/WuzNW6 
my portfolio:http://rtahmin.com 
How can you terminate treaties that were never ratified?  More smoke from a do-nothing failure.

Terminator

You would know about failure
Totally agree with you Mr. President. New York Times only attacks you, and they need to be taught a lesson.
So you are proud of your attempt to destroy our environment and dismantle foreign relations. Good to know.
And you should be ashamed of ending the Paris accords, not proud. Thanks for ending TPP though
Don. The Orange Turd. Jump in the ocean and take the First Escort with you!
you don't seem to know the difference between "failing" and "winning". or much of anything really.
Isn't that the truth!
Yes: Paris Accords were voluntary, clean power plan was never implemented. You are alienating us from allies and reeking havoc. #Impeach
That is why China is moving way ahead of us, because of the orange idiot!
Must be thew
NYT is doing great.  You're brain, on the other hand, is failing.
He's a dotard!
The N.Y. Times is a Pulitzer Prize winner and accurate news source!  Quit spewing your propaganda and Fox talking points! #NotMyPresident!
Whine, whine, whine
Blame, blame, blame
Didn't mommy teach you not to lie?
The failing @realDonaldTrump presidency should have known that pollution kills people and focused on new energy to move the US forward.
Kurdistan...hawar tramp
They have and you are ruining this country
@FLOTUS ...I can only imagine how he treats you, if he is this public about bullying others. Stand up against your husband.
Mike Thompson of NYT was on Aristegui (CNNEE) & defended many of your decisions.  He speaks in English.  Pls listen to what he said.
Why not get AG,FBI, and DOJ busy on breaking news on HRC and BHO illegal activity. HELP @TGowdySC  DRAIN THE SWAMP OR FIRE @jeffsessions KYP
Oh, everyone has mentioned your withdrawal from the Paris Accord.  The fact that you are proud to be alone with Syria in that is the failing
You realize for me to understand this tweet I’ll have to go and purchase The NY Times. Are you their secret sales dept?
Thank you @realDonaldTrump for being the greatest President this country has ever seen
Thank you my President, nytyimes needs to close their doors
THOSE ARE NOT GOOD ACCOMPLISHMENTS! You are BEYOND clueless on how the REAL world works. There should be a test before run for President!
Prevent Future Hurricanes s/b top priority.U S&Caribbean can not stand another 2017 I have Plan,Log&Mech. 
Need u address bobdon77@msn.com
The NYT is doing better than ever thanks to you!! So great!
I'm predicting about 20 million suicides when Trump starts his 2nd term. Man that's gonna be great when the whining stops!
Donnie You are the only “thing” failing, I am going to enjoy your Pudgy plop when you hit bottom!!
how are you doing

What would you know what the book said you don't read sad

You are just so funny,love the sense of humor. Failing NY Times. Good one. Their #’s are higher than ever. Are they sending you a thank you
Yes all horrible Decisions by you!

Rapid what????!!!!!
You mean you want them to talk about your stupidity?
Don't you have a job to do.
Yes all bad moves by you!
@realDonaldTrump You're doing great thing. Us Veterans have your back. #MAGA
The UN was founded way back in the day with the TPP in mind, the experimentation on geoengineering continues, please can you stop it.
WOW that was huge, it is (to me) the very things, needed to be done fast and you Mr. President did it.  Thanks you, The UN can be dangerous.
If. it's. failing. why. do. you. read it.
The Failing Trump Presidency will go down in history as the worst ever.  And the "failing" NYT will report on his impeachment!! Sad!
You are destroying US
The FAILING current occupant of the WH should concentrate more on his job than playing golf and tweeting constant bullshit.
The failing Mr [loser] Fart should not mention the bigly mistakes he continues to make which threaten all mankind.
"Failing"  lol  Sure.
This dick head needs to be impeached before he puts the country in jeopardy
Donald Trump is a 
Ah. I thought you said they should have mentioned your "rapes".  Yes, they should.
Why aren’t you helping Puerto Rico, get off your phone you fake president and actually do something
It's only fake if u don't like it! The fake news is @FoxNews. Do YOU know how to be truthful? NOPE!! That's why you make a HORRIBLE leader!
And you're proud of that? Un fucking believable.
http://ThePayz.com/?refer=47994 
Man Jesus loves you! Will you ask him a favor?
Me me me, where are we, we, we?
How many years has the NYTimes been failing now?  How many more months will you be in office before you get impeached and go to jail?
Why? Most disagree with your decision.
Can hardly wait until ur term is over. When ur voters c how u have harmed their healthcare, u will loss their votes in 2020!
THE NYTIMES WILL BE LONG AFTER YOU ARE POTUS,
WE HAVE LOTS TO LOOK FORWARD TO READING ABOUT YOUR FAILED PRESIDENCY!
25TH ADMENDMENT NOW!!!!!
So many people voicing negative comments-and many unqualified to decide-Uninformed and just bashing.  Maybe start a feed where GPA and background in topic have to be listed right before their comments.  Weed out those uneducated in topics they take on and disregard em.
The only story I want to read in the NY Times is Donald Trump’s obituary.
N.Y.Times and All of your targeted "Fake News" outlets will be 
YOUR DOWNFALL!!
You are a narcissistic, self-absorbed 71yr old man! Loser!
You are insane.
#annoyingOrange
Mr Babbling Buffoon Trump. Lucky your torpid breaking of sound accords were Not mentioned. U have everything wrong! Loser.
When everything you do is someone else's fault you might need to reflect upon yourself
Thank you Mr. Trump for helping AB Canada because Trudeau won't! Would you consider west of Canada for America ;)
U are the worst
Yeah, all proof that you couldn't give a rat's ass about the environment. There's something to be proud of... the destruction of our planet.
None of which are good things
Is @POTUS receiving treatment for his dementia? Please help him, it's only a matter of time before he takes a leak in public #Covfefe
Another witch hunt perpetrated on sessions an our President by demobrats in the senate !
Hi
WE ended the corporate grab TPP. You terminated an attempt to save humanity, defending corporate profits instead. See the difference?
Mindless fodder 
LIAR! LIAR! LIAR!LIAR! LIAR!LIAR!LIAR! LIAR! LIAR!LIAR! LIAR! LIAR!LIAR! LIAR! LIAR!LIAR!LIAR! LIAR! LIAR! Is there nothing u don't lie abt?
You hurt the future of world partnerships with the USA. You are about meaningless headlines and praise from a single news outlet.
In Hawaii noticed we lost 200' due to sea rising in 60 years. You are observant of oceans rising in 60 years? Thats global warming.
#TrumpIsInsane #ImpeachTrumpNow #TrumpIsInsane #ImpeachTrumpNow  #TrumpIsInsane #ImpeachTrumpNow  #TrumpIsInsane #ImpeachTrumpNow
Those are not positive things.

Self promotion is our narcissistic @POTUS priority
How are they failing

They did! Immediately! We all watched as you broke America's word to the world. That's not a good thing. Your word doesn't mean sh$t.
You are failing everything and everyone! Everyday!!!!
Yes, should have mentioned it because the focus should ALWAYS be on you & your so called accomplishments.  FAKE ACCOMPLISHMENTS.
It’s the end of the world Donald and your Martian masters must be very pleased with you.
How about you give them a great story and resign
@Twitter @TwitterSupport This tweet is a violation of your TOS. Includes targeted harassment... What are you going to do about it @Twitter ?
You must be very proud that you are such a fucking moron.
The Paris accord is good for the WORLD. YOU are not. #resign
ok
@realDonaldTrump is a FREAK, NO MANNERS, PUSHES A DICTATORSHIP, IS IGNORANT OF PRESIDENTIAL KNOWLEDGE.  THERES NO REASON TO KEEP HIM.
STAY OUT OF PRIVATE BUSINESS. ITS PROTECTED FROM YOUR INTERFERANCE
YOUR NOT GOD. YOU DONT GET TO TELL ANYONE HOW TO WRITE THEIR STORY. @realDonaldTrump . Time for charges against trump interfering .
You don't get to get involved in how anyone runs a private business.  Get your nose out of it @realDonaldTrump
Those are not things to be proud of. U don't car just want your name mentioned no matter what its for, good or bad. U R a discuting thing.
Delete your account.
Shut up DONALD! Your annoying me again. Can I ban this guy?

@realDonaldTrump if Times is failing so badly, then why are they still able to print the truth about you?
The Failing Trump Presidency doesn’t know what it’s talking about!
IS THAT WHAT YOU'RE PROUD OF??? @nytimes @wapo @VP
I  the NY Times. According to @Forbes you're failing too! #FakePresident
You mean your failures? I can't wait until Mueller's investigation is completed. They should wait until yoy leave office to charge anybody.
That doesn't fit the "Destroy Trump" agenda though.  No payoff in that 
The outstanding NYTimes will still be outstanding LONG after you are gone and just an embarrassing and unfortunate footnote in history.
What you did last Thursday was genius. Then this week  you give in to the DemonRats while they talk trash on you. 
VITO THIS BILL POTUS 
Amen
Pee pee tapes are coming baby!
How about growing a thicker skin like all your predecessors and quit obsessing on the media.
Only in an authoritarian society does the media dance to the tune of a despot.
you referring to the new york times as failing isn’t gonna make it happen. do you know how words work

Why do you want to exit all of these agreements?  I for one want less pollution
You should just write your own stories. Yeesh. Control freak much? You don't control the media. Thank goodness.
GC#16: Lowercase "failing." Lowercase the "the" before Paris. Also, it's called the Paris Agreement.
My word the @nytimes must be doing well for itself since you've said it was failing for over 3 years and it's still doing great!
More stupid moves by a Stupid man.
Failing Presidency.  Sad. Everyone says so.  Very Sad.
Failing Donald Trump mortgaging our future for his corporate sodomists. #FuckingMoron
When is @realDonaldTrump going to realize he can’t call the @nytimes failing and comment on their stories at the same damn time?
They & the smart people in this country aren't in favor of those things, therefore they were not listed as 'accomplishments'.

More bullshit, but I tell you what IS failing:
Your fucking stylist.
the only thing failing is your presidency #pathetic #loser
Mr trump  focus more on your promise too reinvestigate 9/11  abolish the Un Federal Non Reserve this country would  be great again JFK 2 SDD
The New York Times is not failing, YOU ARE!! FAILING THE PEOPLE OF THE US!!
Failing? The rapid terminations of Tpp & the Paris accord by you are not something you should want everyone to know!!!
Fail is a term that is best applied to you ... own it.
Rapid terminations, by a vapid man.
Still Fox News stock down over 3% since you came along. why?? So sad for them you are doing this to them. They may fold soon because of you.
You’re failing
Yea. Sure. LOL #MAGA <-is a joke. #Resist #NeverForget #trumpRUSSIA
You are the US #FakePresident
No need to to talk about a non-profit accomplishment. Excutive orders are just that, an order not an accomplishment!

Nothing to be proud of moron
