Traitor. Liar. Mueller
The other liberal type of presidents we have had in the past has let things slide too much, it's about time we have a president who takes a.
@seanhannity Let us introduce you to "Karma". Apologize to all the people you insulted, maybe then they will work with you.
The GOP is lead by head up his ass...you!
Cross the aisle and give it to them. When they turn it down, you win!
Oh grow up folks, leave Donald Trump alone he has done more the American people, and Christians of this great nation than anyone else has!
That's okay baby needs to be burped and oh by the way get prepared and get measured for your jumpsuit you and your family prison-bound baby Trump
You need your mouth wash out with soap dmc nasty
Takes a clown to know a clown.
That's bullying.
Mueller has Preibus' hand written notes. Tick tock..........
Does your bib match your XXXL Depends?
How quickly trump can throw you under the bus !!!!
Lead by?
All this from the evil monster who gleefully boasted that he kicked 13 million families off their healthcare with his tax cut for billionaires and from his party that refused to deal with CHIP leaving millions of kids without coverage
Shitty Donald speaks!!
YOU are sabotaging it, not the Dems. You're hurting THOUSANDS of ppl. Be fair for once. Work across the aisle and FIX IT
.... a stand, country and at things that hindering our great nation, he has done more than Obama and Bush in less than a year! Don't be..
Belated congrats on the "Badfeel and Looseface"action last week.  Another one of those Wins, right?!
Well done.
I voted for you & I believe in you but your twitter commentary is embarrassing to say the least. Please reign in nonsense
Your voted for this! Did you not see how he acted while campaigning?!  #trumpregrets ??
Or for the last 25+ years? This is not new. This is him. Own it.
.@realDonaldTrump You are a horrific example of a human being. What is wrong with you? Never mind answering, we know #littledicksyndrome
President Trump is your leader respect him!!
Hey , Donald Trump @realDonaldTrump   . I'm an immigrant . Let me teach you English. The Democrats, LED by... @SenSchumer @ananavarro @CNN
LOL yeah kind of like how the GOP approved Obama's nod for supreme court. as usual, you are a complete hypocrite
You're The Biggest CLOWN on the Planet. #Trumpkin  Oompa Loompa ... #Resign You made a better Clown on tv. 
at least we had something! No help from the republicans in the last 8 years and still no plan!
Him and Polosi the disaster team
The middle class ty. ACA encourages people to live below poverty level to get health insur. In AZ one hlth plan, 4x $.Sham!
TY News needs to report that you stopped mergers of insurance companies, which would have created even higher premiums.
head clown chuck schemer..so true
Make America great sgain POTUS
was there ever a @POTUS before who acted as much as a dangerous head clown?
They are desperate, let them protest, they will lose, your policies will win. I am behind you!
#lostmyinsurance.# NOW Trump Care
Please tell Barron he did a great job at the Inauguration! Very sweet boy you have Mr. President!
that may,but the head clown for the Republican #akathedonald hasn't got a clue
Good morning Mr President, as an emigrant I cannot wait to see you make America great again
; Namecalling doesn't belittle the opposition it belittles you!
Chuck Schumer is a total clown!
I LIKE TO Say I'm From Canada And SUPPORT You 100 Percent And ALWAYS will truly like you sir.I have great respect for you
sooooo did u come up with a more affordable care act yet or nah?
President Trump, is it possible to ban all the protesters?
The clowns act like grade school kids! Ridiculous! "If I don't get my way, I'll get you!"
very disrespectful. Is this how u plan to unite America? By calling anyone who disagrees with you names?
Only one way to fix healthcare and everyone is dying for it: http://dailycaller.com/2017/01/16/former-hospital-chief-cure-for-healthcare-sticker-shock-unites-republicans-and-democrats/ … #Obamacare #Trump #Healthcare
Never let the fox guard the hen house.  Big Pharma wrote the bill and paid themselves.
Chuck Schumer is more of a MAN than YOU will EVER BE.
50% of the country are democrats. please stop generalising. it only plays into disunity and political divisiness
easy make them go on it then it will change
enough with the name calling and try and act like a grownup
They would rather blame Russia.
,Chuck Schumer is a joke .
name calling is being a bully and you fit the word
Who do you think benefited from this ? The Insurance Company's.What leaders invested Stock in the Healthcare agenda ?
Have them play by Judy Collins "Send in the Clowns" when Dems come in from their Caucus.  Perfect song for Dems!
You should have Judy Collin's song Send In The Clons. Played
Perfect song for Dems/progressive-liberal/SecularHumanist(pagan religion)/Socialist/Communist Party.
you whining baby.  You have a thin skin and no scope of an idea of the office you won.
we're waiting 4 ur so called "genius brain" & GENERALS 2 unseat M7 #trump #Uganda #2017
Dems could have fixed #Obamacare with Republicans. @SenateMajLdr McConnell held out hand to help from Day One! #memoryhole
shut up
You sound like one of your trolls on facebook
Why Democrats care about ObamaCare they are all on super health schemes
Please stop calling people names. You are teaching a generarion of children that it is ok to be a bully.
@BigStick2013 thank you for being my President and one America needs to get job done
are you really going to continue to act like a spoiled brat, even as Prasident? (Notice how I spelled your new title)
stop calling people clowns. You'll never get others to work together, with that immature un-presidential behavior.
Let's face facts people, ObamaCare is a federally run program plain and simple.We've all know this for along time #Iowa2018
clown head Trump buys some charlatan to say he's gonna be the healthiest prez ever . Talk about FAKE!
clown head Trump with shirts made in China release your damn tax info!
I taught my children at a very young age not to call ANYONE names. Shame on you
The use of the IRS to target those who disagreed with Obamacare is scandalous and unconscionable.
Legitimate pricing would instantly slash healthcare costs
I love your presidentialness. Head Clown? I thought that was you.
Fuck you you son of a bitch. My wife is going to lose her healthcare because of you. I hate you with every fiber of my soul
@realDanoIdTrump
Name calling is a form of bullying. Play fair and listen to Melania about bullying
Obamacare is the only reason my private tutor has insurance. If he didn't have it he wouldn't have any kind of coverage.
what is your need to belittle those less fortunate? Why is your charity fake? Why did you give white power their platform?
let's get it on a ballot.   Better yet get schemer on a ballot
labeling people the way you do is not worthy of a president. I can not belive you are set for 4 yrs in The Oval Office.
not
They have tried to fix it. LIAR - The GOP plays games with Americans lives and health - YOU TOO - BIGLY!
You are going to put small business owners like myself out of business by taking away our health care!
people will die if they lose their health insurance and it will be on you. You have to be thoughtful and SMART about this
take the time to create a viable solution to replace the ACA-don't rush it! This is ridiculous to expect this so quickly.
And what did your party do to help NOTHING
An actuarial under-writing price premium office, would fix comparatives to state variations.
obamacare cared only for obama this for 8 years of US paying taxes.
ObamaCare = way to replenish the bankrupt Social Security Fund. Unless you're on welfare, in which case EVERYTHING is FREE.
Whilst people on TAXPAYER funded welfare get 100% FREE health care sans ObamaCare FINES, they can hit the ATM for EBT CASH.
ObamaCare is forcing our young adults, who choose to work, to replenish dwindling Social Security which TAXPAYERS PAY for.
Study: GMO Soy Accumulates Carcinogen produce cancer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StwOh09JTJw …
it's all smoke & mirrors, Schumer is a joke
Who can fix you? You're the devil incarnate.
Americans want to keep Obamacare.  It needs tweaked but not repealed
part two you are an embarrassment to America.  Please  just  shut up and don't  get us all killed before  impeachment.
So lets' have head clown, Trump lead. No political experience, six bankruptcies, no concern for middle class- PERFECT!
Hope you have a plan for the millions of people on Obama care to go on when they do away  with it
Here's how you pay for it http://www.modernhealthcare.com/article/20160615/NEWS/160619946 …, cut the insurer's profits!

it's time for Congress to decriminalize marijuana.
Dems know what you are doing. https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/01/obamacare-economic-effects-repeal/512618/ …
They don't want to change it because they are exempt from it! Otherwise you would see how fast they would change it.
U R so right .I'm glad you are there as the voice of reason Mr trump .
It has to be good for all .
@rubblesteel KELLYANNE will be on news telling America what Trump is saying and really means
You will inherit it regardless. Dems will be looking to place blame on you for their failed program that is their MO.
You are the only head clown in town, Donald Trump. You got us in this mess, Not Schumer, Not Obama
Clowns often have orange faces, white eyes, ridiculous hair and teeny hands.
you will soon own US health care .  Bit nervous are you.  Too confusing for your teeny hands and brain ?
This country wouldn't be in the mess it is in about healthcare if the damn repugs hadn't blocked it for YEARS!!!!
they tried to fix it but republicans wouldn't work with them... but hey, just facts right!
cnn this morning on xm radio seem to be getting soft towards you. They will trash Obama and suck up to you soon. Wishy wash
you have ABSOLITELY NOTHING to put in its place!  blaming for 8 years with no other options! NOTHING BUT BLAME  from YOU!!!
Where is your bigger and better plan to replace it? You do not have any! No surprise there
I like my Obama care it really works with me, without it I wouldn't have health insurance
how about you fix your head because there is something wrong with it. Lol
@cadillacman1961 Like the little Communist the Democrats of today are they want to control the people!
Obama said " I guess I wasnt close enough to american people".In touch..I knew that for 8 years.
you have an awful lot of idle time
stop ur toddler tweets and try focus on preparing to run the country!
actually the reson I can go to the doctor is cause of Obama care but yes it has it's bad side
I like clowns and am offended that you think Schumer is qualified to be one.
no mess there ... they think things out
Delete your account, bozo @realDonaldTrump
It's going to be a very interesting next 4 years......
Taking healthcare away from 20 million gutting Social Security vouchering Medicare not good for Americans
B4 the Affordable Care Act a lot of Americans didn't have medical insurance at all.  What do you propose?
chucks a clown! Why did you give him money?! Are you the pooperscooper for elephants?
Why is it that you always feel like it's your right to label people who don't meet with your "approval?" It's childish.
#GrowUpDonald
when did the presidency become a family affair !!!!!@@@@@
STOP DEFLECTING RELEASE TAXES #TREASON #TRUMPLEAKS
Shumers going to be in your face a long time Donnie, Real Presidents have respect for Adversaries, lol
Please keep ACA and Medicare separated. Many of us paid into Medicare thru payroll.
ACA has already done much to strengthen Medicare
clown???? such big word for a president, so sad . try I am rubber and you are glue, it bounces off me and sticks on you.
dude you could have at least said, head SENATOR ..but u gave me an idea headPRESIDENT....
Please, Unless you have an plan that immediately replaces Obamacare, leave Obamacare Alone!
We are still waiting to hear your "terrific" healthcare solution. But you don't have one. Stop lying and start leading.
it is by your comments and behaviour you wear that hat smugly. you see Mr.Schumer knows more than you do.
Didn't Congress refuse to use the ACA?
You are the real clown.  I hope you and all your cronies are impeached soon.
# how would you know?
Repeal #Obamacare
 perhaps to "repeal piece by piece*
such as the penalty for not signing on
Congress exempted themselves!
have you looked in the mirror?  There is the http://clown.orange  hair and skin.
when  replicans finally realize it is a repub olan only named Obama Care because it was passed under Obama, they'll like it
"Led by"
if he is a clown,  what would that make you
You know clowns the best..your cabinet is full of them..all you need is a big red nose.
how can you talk like that. Kindergartner would be sent to the principal for calling a peer a clown
Trump still belittling people and calling names. Thinks he is in jr high school play yard. Head Clown indeed.
do not FIX it.  Let it fall on its own accord.  When we the people get tired of being gouged maybe the other 1/2 Will agree
if Chuck Schubert likes Obama care why isn't he on it? None of our elected officials have Obama care. Not right!
Calling people names is bad. Bigly bad. Makes USA look stupid. Play nice. Look up "dignity"  "decorum"  "Ad homimem"
So the GOP's fix is of course better: scrap Obamacare and substitute... nothing
very classy comment.  so much for working both sides of the aisle, your diplomatic skills are non-existent,
