always somebody else's fault. Divide and conquer.
Dem's might fall but they always, ALWAYS bounce back!!!   SO WATCH OUT!
How mad you are going to get when you find out more people watched #AlecBaldwin mocking you on #SNL then your inauguration
than
You found a grammatical error, so #TrumpSupporters need to be grammar nazis now as well as regular ones?
No need to be so embarrassed. We all know liberals have low IQ. It's okay. It's not your fault.
Stop talking lies & actually show us ur plan or is urs only 4 rich? U don't care 4 any1 unless they benefit u. So sad🖓
Dems refused input from Rep'ns... Let em twist in the wind of their own arrogance! "Elections have consequences"
#Wrong!!! @GOP governors worked to destabilize markets.Those who worked stable markets are fine: e.g. CA(D), NY(D),NJ (R)
So does this mean you AREN'T going to repeal it? 

#TrumpLies
so what's your plan to keep these people insured?
Can't afford to see a Dr. In almost 2 yrs can't afford the out of pocket expenses. Mr. Trump I hope you make big changes

Obama saved America
so propose a fix !
blink once if Putin is blackmailing you, blink twice if you are mentally ill, blink three times if you are clueless.
Normal people don't start out with a "small loan of a MILLION dollars"....
oh trust me.. lots of homeless people would turn billionaires if they were given $1m
mfw libshits actually believe this
are you talking about yourself?
Obama care has been very successful u hate it because u have to pay taxes for it Everything 4 wealthy nothing 4 us Fraud
What's your plan?  It's easy to point fingers when you have nothing specific outlined to replace it.
The only thing about to fall on its own weight, Mr. #NeverTrump , is you!  Keep pounding those greasy cheeseburgers!!
I thought you were gonna fix it I guess not
.@realDonaldTrump You've never had to decide between medical care or feeding your kids. You are completely out of touch with Real America.
you will fall of your own massive weight and hubris.
repeal replace is not so easy. As i figured alot involved with healthcare. Obama digs holes and doesnt fill them.
you are so funny
Nope, blame the Insurance Companies!
Somebody's posting @realDonaldTrump's tweets. I'm not hearing the President-elect's voice, like in these past ones.  https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/240462265680289792?lang=en …
These school boy rants are beyond embarrassing- apologies to school boys
That is inaccurate and ridiculous. You have no idea.
Ya, sure. so, you're saying you went  to Hillary Clinton rallies? Because the same thing you're saying about Clinton, I heard about Trump.
Small fisted minority president says what?
.@Still waiting for the GOP plan which is supposed to be better, cheaper and cover as many otherwise uninsured.
Put some mittens on and go sit in a quiet room.
The simple truth is that ObamaCare is totally 100% against the Constitution. One cannot be forced to buy from the Gov't.
Dems gave us ObamaCare-Repubicans will make American Sick Agin-emergency rooms will full again.
This sounds petty and political. If you truly believe ACA will fail, shouldn't you try to fix before people suffer more?
the massive increases on my wife's parents insurance are the reason they voted for TRUMP! Obamacare was a disaster!
That wasnt case for evry1. Wouldve been great to have Repubs help draft ACA&lower costs instead of obstruct
Putin won the election in a non landslide. INVESTIGATE #KremlinDonTheCon for treason!
Yeah? What do you suggest PE? Those without wait for a year or two with no health coverage? What a leader you already are.
https://www.facebook.com/Bipartisanism/videos/1103934596350214/ …
shut up
another mature liberal.
Are you seriously implying Trumps mentality and personality is mature?
Liberalism is a mental disorder. Its a cult like ISIS.
But you couldn't answer a simple question, could you?
What is your terrific plan to replace it?
is it reasonably priced and wonderful?
Oh fuck off.
What a brilliant display of Libtardism Dan. You are a jewel. I love the cogent analysis you offer.
.@BradAllenDrums @realDonaldTrump Hey thanks buddy!
Without facts,  all you have are memes and insults. What a small mind.
False premise and false assertion and false conclusion. I’ll give you one last go.
Nope. You just don't like it. You can rebut it, and you can't wrap your Liberal ideology around it.
.@BradAllenDrums @realDonaldTrump Bless you for trying but you are really struggling with the English language, aren’t you?
It doesn't work Dan. You're going this far over your FU tweet. I'm just pushing your buttons and it works.
LOL democrats will sink their ship to keep Obamacare cause they think it buys them points with minorities
ignorance. It's people like me...self employed who need and love it
99.9% of ppl are being crushed financially by it. Lost their doctors and lost their preferred insurance
WRONG! Get the facts! Rates are still lower than they were BEFORE the ACA was in place
bullshit. 10000 deductibles unaffordable and ruining lives. Its main reason trump won
wrong! That's for the least expensive plan for covering just major medical which is normal for 30 and under
I just looked it up. Alternatively you could pay 15000 a year and have a lower deductible. It was a lie
the rates are LESS than before ACA. Please post reliable source
you will be at fault because you have the power to change it. Own it and stop trying to blame everyone else
You're relentlessly negative. If your MAGA plan is simply to terrify the public via terrible tweets: congratulations.
all your tweets are negative.   Then you blast president trump negative tweets.   You're a hypocrite
tl;dr - Trump still doesn't understand public health.
your proof?
The fact he wants to repeal instead of improve what we have. People's health shouldn't be in limbo due to politics.
You bookishmind you can't improve a turd sandwich, a turd sandwich will remain a turd sandwich
It is a well known fact that countries with government health care are taxed heavily. What's the answer?
not true & overall pay a lot less for healthcare.

@jsm_ch @FoxNews 部际联席会议未再提出质疑！表明国务院已经默许 #泛亚 的资金受托合法？http://media.weibo.cn/article?id=2310474059602839801018&object_id=1022%3A2310474059602839801018&url_type=39&object_type=article&pos=1&ep=Ep0xCbjlU%2C3479227765%2CEp0xCbjlU%2C3479227765 … #国家大剧院 #国务院新闻办 #问责云昆政府
No, BOTH sides of the aisle r 2 blame. Sold out 2 corporate. America can NEVER b great w/ corporate billionaires in charge.
Corporate billionaires, Wall st, etc. have RUINED America. They have greedily destroyed the middle class. You CAN'T make America great again
You are not in touch with Americans. We want universal healthcare 4 all. America will only be great when EVERY citizen can go to the doctor
so tweak and refine.  I guess youre used to burn it down, bankruptcies.. don't know how to fix anything
2 things I want to see. Get rid of the IRS FINE, & BUY ACROSS STATE LINES. Including a good Medicare advantage plan
HEY it's your Shit Show now No more blaming the Dems COCKWIPE!
My rates went up $25. No big deal.
@greeneyes0084 all I can say is #Termlimits,#Termlimits,#Termlimits.
gop used funds earmarked for obamacare for their own agenda caused increases
#WeakDonald
no,  since  u don't read.  It is the insurance companies &  greedy hospitals &  doctors 2 blame 4 increases. DA!
please grow up.  You are responsible for all our lives and most of the world. This is not a reality show or game. Seriously
you be careful because you are going to fall under the weight of your own bullshit!
@TeamTrump ITS NOT THE ACA ITS THE INSURANCE COMPANIES !!
no republican voted for this o care
Make it required House and Senate members must b on Obamacare 4 a year and C if they change their 'tudes
j j j
Now I have no insurance because I can't afford it anymore. Luckily, my doctor accepts cash
you work for me, keep & improve ACA. Also dump Assange & Putin. That'll be great.
and the repubs have had 6 years to come up with a new plan but..... nada
Trump,
We have to stop these liberal progressive ideas now! Also, I agree with Pence when he states you all are going ....
Issues are due to compromises made to GOP in 2009 and to red state refusal to cooperate.
or YOU! HC is discriminatory, subsidized and HURTS small biz! Plz let me tell you more!!!
#MiddleClass should start a movement  - we wont pay for welfare/food stamps until its regulated correctly!
THEIR HAD BETTER BE A SOLID, BETTER PLAN QUICKLY READY..DON'T ALLOW IT TO GO ONE MORE DAY IF POSSIBLE? WE NEED RELIEF NOW!!
The CORRUPTION "EXTREMISM TRUMP-PUTIN, @realDonaldTrump Kill DEMOCRACY, Kill FREEDOM, Kill Innocents & Poor! Is SHAMEFUL!
Grow up Donny,  you break healthcare, you bought it. Utter Failure will be your epitaph. #loserinchief #growup #beanadult
maybe the dems shoulds ask the medical profession how they like obama care NOT its a disgrace and huge deducts ,premiums
Dont't take away something b4 u  replace it. Peoples lives are at stake here.  Give them the same health care congress has!
Worry about O care later. Build the damn WALL
Chuck Schumer is in full bore with his "flim-flam" dance regarding Obumacare; but Americans are FED UP with the lies!
IMPEACH!
. IMPEACH!!!
you are going after the very people that voted for you,but you don't give a fuck you're in it's all about the cronies
ha ha ha ha he's gonna be your president
NO, Republicans in congress are to blame. They gutted Obamacare over & over to put more money in health insurance's pockets
@GOP's Obamacare problem: they don't like the indiv mandate that pays for the parts they do like. SOLUTION: Single payer
You get what you reap there big fella
quit blaming. Dems and GOP need to work together for whats best for US and quit trying to destroy each other. GROW UP, D.C.
make changes and make it better but don't remove it! America needs insurance
It will fall on you, because you have nothing better !!
Dang screwed one last time. Hurry Mr.T. with TRUMPCARE. Jus. Sayin. 
Trump supporter kidnapped and tortured in Chicago LIVESTREAM Full Video Trump supporter kidnapped and tortured in Chicago
please find a new job. That would make 65 mil people happy
dad, can u plz dm me?

U can buy my t-shirtz for 50% off. limtd time only thx. 

https://teespring.com/grab-em-2017 
#LiarInChief Come out of your fantasy world. #resist
that not what I heard #orange clown
Exactly- let it die on it's own- if you replace they will always say " it was working" , "or would have" don't take blame

and the dems do not care, this was their mission....and to them "mission accomplished" ..hmm
take the clauses out & make congress have to utilize it and I'm betting they'll reverse it unanimously
No it won't , remember you are repealing it on day one , then everyone gets cheap Trumpcare that is "great" - right?
Really didn't you have enough time to come up with your health care plan? You specifically said no one will die in street
@FishFunSun it's only worked for unemployed people,it's hurt small businesses and taxpayers. It has to go !
Thanks to GA's Gov. Deal: his lack of support for the #ACA there is a flu epidemic.
keep keeping it REAL.
I'm a person who has preexisting .. what happens to me now? What's your plan? I've heard nothing of a plan only repel it.
wrong
So where's your great plan you told us was a secret on the campaign trail but would reveal once President More lies I guess
just fix it worry later what they say
What's a mess? The millions of Americans that now have insurance or the millions that will lose it Because of your idiocy?
You are not much of a leader if all you can do is tweet negativity. If Reps take ACA away, it's their disaster not Obama's!
Rebubs had 7 years to make something better-never did-epic fail.
Do you have something better, Donnie?
You PROMISED nobody would lose their insurance coverage - better live up to your word! Stop Congress from rash decisions!
Correction @realDonaldTrump Republicans are to blame!  They refused to come up with a healthcare plan (make Obama fail) so he moved forward.
But u showed us! U got even dumber! Now no limit 2 how low u can go!! We say dumb down donny and u say how low! Incredible!
so what is your plan?
It's "RepubliCare" now!
Many of us have No insurance,it cost more than what we make!
if you take credit for other shit that is nothing to do with you, why not take credit for the rest.
STOP SOCIAL SECURITY CUTS
our POETUS is a,liar
you and the Republicans need a better plan ,,is this the best you could do for the American people ? #SAD #medicare4all
DNC is the gang that couldn't shoot straight,  pathetic.....step aside and let some adults takeover3
so it's repeal AND REPLACE right. What's your replacement? Need that first before repeal
It might be a better move to overhaul instead of repeal
no big insurance companies are to blame!!
Leave Obamacare alone and let it    Compete with the Rep. plan. That's choice without taking blame.
#TRUMPCARE #THEGOPDEATHPANEL, you will be blamed for more deaths.
Right on, President-elect Trump! Keep reminding Congressional Republicans to get it done while avioding the pitfalls.
So funny!! GOP has been screaming about deficits for 8 years. What happens when Obamacare repealed? HYPOCRITES!!
If healthcare in this country fails it only falls on you. Remember HST.the buck stops here..that means with you. #fascist
ur iq equals ur shoe size what 9
Mr.Trump; unless you have something intelligent, to say; please don't say anything!
yeah but your henchmen in the GOP are going to gut it and then take the fall when people are angry. hehehehe
Please get this man a good adviser...!
@MarineCorps98 The Dems are going to point the finger at someone else for their failures
We are living longer and better. A right or a privilege? For all or only those who can pay? It is not the plan, it is us
No. These increases were done by insurance cos as they ensure profits are achieved by their plans. HC is expensive, period
help us rid Obama Care
- Our Republican's are spineless!
Repealing Obamacare will cause the economy to collapse.
In MI ACA created 30,000 new jobs and associated economic growth.
it was obvious to every American with diabetes cancer or any other PEC that Republicans don't care about their health care
This is a PR stunt and a lie.  Do you hate everyone but the rich? Here is who you are hurting. Please stop.
realDonaldTrump
You mean the lower to middle class folks that actually need it? Gimme a break. Quit pitting our country against each other.
If Trump just changes the state line aspect and calls it TrumpCare, will you approve of it?
Stop lying, bullying, and making uneducated remarks. When are you going to release your taxes as PROMISED.
if you think increases are going to be massive under the ACA regulation this year,  wait till there is no regulation.
Obama is, was, and will better president than you
#Obamacare is not a mess. It is the best thing for millions of Americans who do not want it taken away.
In Mexico, you'll find first-class healthcare similar to what you'll find at home, but at a significantly lower price tag.
are you sure?  I don't think so
effective Jan 2018 ACA will treat all health benefits as taxable income. VERY BAD for all Americans!
I settled for a lesser plan. Now I have a $6500 deductible I can't afford to meet. I need tests on my heart I can't afford.
obamacare must be repealed and then replaced with the AMERICAN FREE MARKET!!
can you please start laying out your plans for Trumpcare?  That's what will really get people talking.
Explain how the Democrats are responsible for the greed of insurance companies.
lack of competition for corporate insurance is at fault here , not Obamacare.
no it won't and enrollment is up. How do explain that?? What's your plan or bill?? Let's compare..,,..,..
I don't know if President Trump sees any of these tweets but I have been trying to make contact to his office.
NO you and the repudicans will get blamed.Leadership is YOU take the blame for failure, your job is to put the people 1st.
YOU'RE A MESS. OK
Then fix it big man with small hand.
congress should be on Obama care then  they would understand how to fix it.
you trying to say the Democrats are telling the insurance companies what to charge? Sounds like a childish theory
Rs scared people w/talk of Death panels killing grandma. Here's the 1st death panel: repealing ACA will kill millions.
I thought you were going to get rid of it?
Wrong! Insurance companies' CEOs are to blame. Get your facts straight. Oh, yeah, you don't deal in facts. #liar
You are threatening to play a chess game with peoples health. People are not pawns and you are not a king. Grow up.
