We are winning everyday! What an amazing president. Thank you!
  President Donald John Trump !  Thank You!  We  You &  for You!TRUE AMERICAN HERO!
Thank you Nashville, Tennessee! ...
NO THANK YOU!!! HEiR TRUMP
Love this song and President Trump
You're terrific, Mr. President, simply TERRIFIC!  Thanks again for your sacrifice for Americans to #MAGA!
Door! Sorry if my language wasn't appropriated to cnn but the can do or say what they want but it's freedom of speech for them but silanceus
Mr trump my family and friends are fans of yours I have a lot of family that are in service and still are Kathy makes us feel Isis is @ our
Mr president sport for my language they kicked me off Twitter for abusuve language but Kathryn can do tha to you and you family she's discus
Love our president love our country. Your awesome and I'm so proud of you & all of your success. Love from Nashville TN
you aren't going to get no type of 'You're welcome'
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
Abosutelty beautiful, people inspired by YOU! Please don't let us down. God Bless You and Old Glory, may she always fly

It was so great to see you
thank you
Donald Trump why have you not had Obama and Clinton arrested??? Or are you also on their payroll??? Enough evidence surely!
"No; we thank you Mr. President.  We are hoping @TheDemocrats will allow you "To Make America Great Again".

AS OF 2017 OF JAN NO ONE CAN ENTER THE UNITED STATE ILLEGAL, NO SERVICES BY THE UNITED STATE, CLERIFIED IT,
your hair is a fucking freak show Donald. That's why people go. It should be in its own cage
You are wonderful my president
Didn't rate the best or biggest venues in the city ...ended up in a tired, old 1962 venue with seating for less than 10,000
... so you could feel good about drawing a "crowd."  Great job!
Tennessee loves you Trump Trump
!!!
vamos trabalhar, Presidente! Twittar não dá corda para nenhum governante. Vamos a prática, com objetivos.
why all the rallies? Do your job, stop wasting our taxes!
ha ha ha ha look at that bonce
Tennessee is our 2nd home luv the rallies, hope to be at one we always miss you by 1 or 2 states. Luv the trucker pic ♡
I love you TN. SO amazing to watch. LOVEFEST for SURE!!
This is so beautiful! Can't wait till u come bk to Vegas!So awesome to see ur patriotism!!
ego campaigning again?
@DebAlwaystrump Big crowd. Can you make all US citizen happy??
could have sworn election was over! Why are u still out there spending tax dollars rallying? Get to the WH where u belong.
the earlier America and the rest of the world knows TRUMP is a good man regardless any Russian attachments the better.
you not just the 45th president of the United States, you are a man of wisdom and that's what most other president needs 
THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP!!!
no all of Nashville Tennessee
@RocheGroche beautiful sea of Americans
DID YOU ACHIEVE ORGASM AT THIS RALLY WITHOUT CIALIS, VIAGRA, AND/OR LEVITRA? #MAGA #RESISTANCE
I see you used a smaller venue in Nashville so that it looks like a lot more people were there!
save the taxpayers some $$ and end your nonsense rallies!! Sick of your voice!!
You rock Debi...
I am trying to figure out tablet all I got don't give according to my vision you face many things.
Love you Sir and an Honor to be part of the Trump Team in Nashville or anywhere.I will always be here to protect and help U
Cheeto Jesus was in Nashville preaching his nationalist 'sermon on the mount' to fearful, idiot children.
Where is the wiretap evidence? FBI says it don't exist !
川普老乡么么
SIMPLY AMAZING, OUTSTANDING PRESIDENT TRUMP
we've seen these before. Tweet working in DC
Elvis wanted to see you
You won already. Stop with the thank you tours & rally's. The campain is over. This cost taxpayer's a lot when you do these
we are counting on you sir, make us proud again
It was great having you visit Nashville, TN !
Mr.President all the people they are retired they ask you not to forget about them gave them letter bit more money because Obama forgot ples
My President it's was so beautiful to see you and all beautiful people that love you God bless you 
Why do you continue to campaign? I suspect it is for the ego boast & has nothing, NOTHING, to do with running country.
BTW that's not even a well photoshopped video... and I thought you hire the best people 

we hated you. we didnt want you here.
Hillary should be put in prison
Как насчет Казахстане ?
Do they realize their praise is creating a dictator, cause once you allow him to rob us blind, your freedoms go away!
Do they realize Trump does these Rally's for personal reasons that won't benefit them long term?
Do they realize they get no refunds on the continued taxes taken from them for those investments that protect them?
Do those people realize DT is literally robbing them of the very things they invested in that helped make America Great?
As I watch the signs say DRAIN THE SWAMP, I ask do these people have any clue? Do the women care their freedom is denied?
@my42centsw0rth
Great Rally God Bless you for working so hard for America
Quick. All 20 of you stand directly behind TRUMP and say CHEESE.
Sure like looking at yourself. How many millions will it cost taxpayers for ego-boosting pep rallies? #MakeAmericaPoorAgain
STOP these egotistical campaign rallies! You are under the scrutiny of an investigation by the FBI. You better get serious.
Did you tell the supporters you're cutting food stamps, medical, Meals on Wheels ? Of course you didn't You are not POTUS
Heres to you @BarackObama !!!! @DEPORT_OBAMA @FoxNews @ObamaFoundation
Thank you Pres. Trump. You're great!!
@TeamTrump today was history.  The world now knows that it is YOU that has been under investigation all this time.  LIAR!
Puto :'v
早上好哦  岳父～
in case you wondered; no respect. You are despised and pitied. Poor white trash over his head.
You're prez of entire US. No campaign rallies in blue states? Coward.
look at all those people supporting Putin and willing to give up their US citizen ship. They blindly follow the devil
Talk about #fakenews , this was not the crowd you had. #ComeyHearing will be larger
you have the lowest approval rating of any Pres 3 months end #ImpeachTrump
I had a great time at the Rally. I waited in line from 1:30pm in order to see my President Trump!!!
Please taste my penis
Why are you still campaigning? You won. Get to work.
no body believes any thing Spencer is saying  so much bull shit
This video puts a tear in my eye. It reminds me of what a wonderful country that we have.
Trump you said when you become President you would not take any vacations  how many trips to Florida have you took
I heard was a small turnout couldn't even pack the place
Heard only a few hundred showed up, SAD!
that wasn't recently in Nashville.. Small gathering on 15th...lies, lies and more lies .. Shameful!
KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK MR. PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP!
SAD
The Jerk, the sequel
55% disapproval. Yuuuuge

What a wonderful rally in Tennessee. I'm always happy to see such great support for our President.
awesome Mr Presendent that just amzeinng the love for you and your family
Fantastic , we are with you Mr. PRESIDENT
if I were able to get out I would of been there like e to see my hero!!!!
racist
Visti Hermitage. Study Jackson's defiance of SCOTUS. Defy them to protect us from terrorist refugees & imigrants
really great wonderful the best, paid supporters.  u r potus.  stop campaigning and start governing
Andy Jackson & DT:similar legacies if not impeached first. ? many will die under your death reign?
we love you Trump.  Pushing forward.
Empty

Figures @realDonaldTrump would choose lock her up type rally than a Trudeau invite to play in NY re. Contributions made by immigrants. SHAME
did you tell them the part about u hating children and old folks
you're supposed to be running country, not fueling your ego with "unpresidented" rally 3.5 years before reelection. Sad!
You're welcome @realDonaldTrump! I reserved two seats as Pussy Galore but fortunately didn't go. #BiglySad #FakeEmptySeats
For what?
why weren't you working?
@TeamTrump don't you wish we liked you #smallNumbers #sickman #Fascist #MakingAmericaGagAgain
Proud you are our President & strong enough to stand up to Leftist Media & Liberals.
ugh
Pathetic.
Look at all those paid attendees! Shameful!
@blueruby8 We love you and the haters will lose they have no message except hate. We love our country our flag & our Prez!
Great ! You Gonna be the best president of all times
lol just a rally of your supporters, go out in the real world and see the reaction, afraid of the boos?
stop being a narcissist and get to work!!!! These rallies are just for your own ego.
Humm wonder who is on your payroll at this get together
it's a tragedy that you came to visit our great city #resignalready
You are the most hated man in the world!
illegitimate
Yes.  Thank you, Nashville.  You're getting what you voted for now.  LOL.
God Bless you, my president, Donald J Trump!!!
You know a really good place to hold a rally? Nuremberg. You should have asked Merkel about how those turned out.
Campaign is over; time to govern. Poke ur nose in some books  abt Chks/Bal, Crts, 3 sep branches of gov.
Why don't you get busy running the country instead of re living your campaign. Campaign over.
You won the election (w/ a minority, but still). Why this pathological need to keep stroking your pathetic little ego? Sad.
when are you going to stop wasting tax payer money just so you can hear dumb people cheering for you
#DonaldTrump why isn't #SharonOsbourne on #CBS #TheTalk since comments on https://www.change.org/p/paul-ryan-change-the-u-s-national-anthem-to-war-pigs-by-black-sabbath …
"fake popular"! PAID to be there and doesn't show the entire room. 1/2 empty!
My son Iraq for oil
