...and safe. Questions were asked about why the CIA &amp; FBI had to ask the DNC 13 times for their SERVER, and were rej...
Have them ask again
Yes, back to more false history. You know #failingPOTUS is in deep trouble when he resurrects the ghosts of campaigns past.  Childish stuff.
Because the CIA and FIB worked for for the democrats not the rule of law. Do they still work work for them.
How many times have we asked for your tax returns Crooked Donald-iski?
Remember the time Jon Stewart got you triggered by bringing up your tiny hands?
Impeach Trump 2017
CNN then MSNBC used to be entertainment now it's just aggravating and insulting
This is not something that happened. You are a liar
Is it not you who is the puppet!
When will the DOJ and FBI take action against Hillary Clinton??? Come on Mr Trump - you made a promise.......
@VoteTrumpPics
Yes, their SERVER was DIRTY & They didn't have time to BLEACH IT!  SO EMBARRASSED!
send the Gen Mattis and he will bring it to you at once
Mr.President you can get that server and they can't stop you from doing your job, seen you men and get it and they try to stop you will
Watch him squirm
they want to known if he was telling the true
Don,t know why the CIA &FBI r asking. HEY everyone, you think the CIA&FBI Will ask you?@realDonaldTrump
Should make EVERY true American angry!!!! When asked - they should have turned it over. No questions asked. Since they didn't - well...
"Let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart, be acceptable in thy sight. Oh Lord my strength and my redeemer."  Psalm 19-14
It obvious, DNC figures half of them will end up behind bars if it get out
obama and his vile deep state sharia complex, the greatest existential threat to freedom since dec 7 41 @realDonaldTrump @nytimes @CNN @ABC
Hey Trump why dont you stop chemtrails over the US people??
I hope you still have your server that Kushner let @alfabank use to get hacked election data.
You still hear ?
For Gods sake get some Biafra of that is what ails you and pretend to do some honest work for once in your life! U are an embarrassment!

http://www.npr.org/sections/money/2017/07/14/537304186/episode-784-meeting-the-russians …
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magnitsky_Act …
If you follow the Money The Russian Connection starts to make a little more sense
Quit
Get over it old man live in the present and future. Do you ever take responsibility for anythin?
So true.
If we refused to hand over something,a swat team would be ay our house!
You have the power DNC servers are yours we the people relize zoo political Thank you for the rescue Presadent TRUMP
USA legal system & AJ Sessions are vindicating fake news with no visible signs of any indictments of Clinton, Comey etc, looks really bad
Don you are a LOSER I really think it's time for you to back to whatever it was you were  doing before pretending to be president
RESISTANCE DEMOCRATS ARE TRAITOS TO OUR LAND
Justice Department Defies Court Deadline To Release Sessions' Contacts With Russians
Because there is criminal activity revealed in those servers and they don't want to go to prison? That's my best guess.
this is sick, fox guarding the hen house, whose side are you frickin' on!!!!!
Why don't you set an example and tell the truth about your behavior? Crooked Donald is Liar in Chief. Ugh! So unAmerican. Embarrassing!!
Starting to sound like a broken record. Be assured that the @FBI can investigate you and HRC at the same time. Not either/or, but BOTH.
antifa and there partner in crime the left , seam to forget that part,there so desperate they would seal there mums to the devil
Haven't you got anything more important to do?
Mr President please end these demoncrats' witch hunt!! I cannot stand their whining about you and Russia collusion.
Possible more evidence against Bernie in the primary. Just possible as if we do not have enough.
I'm so Sick of the media trying too play into Russia hands by keeping this going & going!! Why can't they be positive????
Well how many times do the American people have to ask for your tax returns before we all can see the collusion for ourselves?
Never in my life time have I listened to a president Boldly LIE constantly about everything so how are you to know what is true or not!!
13 seems relevant to Whole Affair, right?!!! XO God Bless!!!!
Get over it. Current investigation focussed on you and those close to you & all you do is shout louder blaming others. Are you 12 years old?
This is a lie. Unless YOU were the one asking the questions.
Subpoena all computers and devices of all, SUSAN RICE, LORETTA, SALLY YATES,CLINTON FOUNDATION,THE CLINTONS , JAMES COMEY, OBAMA,
MUELLER,,,
get a SUBPOENA to the Democrats computers and papers they have,lets get to
the bottom of this now. they are HIDING something i
Bring them all in for question anybody that is even sweating just looking out for 72 hours simple hold let's see what secrets they give up
THEY SHOULD GET A SUPENI AND JUST GO GET IT

Very simple - DOJ never obtained a subpoena which apparently was intentional Ask @JaySekulow
YOUR A LIAR AND CRIMINAL!! LOCK YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS UP!!!!
Good
Seize and get the truth
And you would know what your looking at if you saw the taxes?
If it were one of us the FBI/CIA would come to our house & take the Server & put us in hand cuffs. So? What is the deal here?
Because the DNC is a bunch of horrible crooked criminal bastards who are out to ruin America!! Jail them now and death penalty!! MAGA!!
Lets see how fast the Senate Confirms DJT selection for FBI Director? If it's fast, then he's one of them.If they resist then he'll be good!
Liar
You are not Omniscient Trumpito Humpito.  You delusionally think you know more than the FBI and CIA.  You are one sick puppy.
Nothing says guilty more!
Why the hell dont they just confiscate it. Its all a BS game in DC. Repubs r in bed with Dems.
Drain the swamp!
It's not about the dnc or Ms. Clinton . 
Take responsibility for your own shit
How about Donny Jr's treason?
Russia Russia
Good to know they were "safe"....lol
This needs to be investigated. Their collusion on so many levels I guarantee will b exposed. DNC/HRC r ruthless.
Ok you manchild do you not understand your name holds no credibility and just do your job! You work for the people! Sad u need reminding
Can't it be subpoenaed?
Why wasn't and still hasn't been subpoened?
Enough already! You won! Move on, and focus on the REAL problem: Jr is going to jail and will be taking you with him.
CrowdStrike was a given. DNC was not hacked. Someone in your inner circle is not your friend. They will continue to leak Obama FISA. More ..
Why in this world would the DNC, their server, rejections, even be a discussion between you and Putin, & 13 times (counted)? Nonsense.
I'm guessing Trump Tower will turn over theirs upon the first request? Lol
You are a crook
Russian collusion. Obstruction of Justice! Prison and orange jumpsuit, shaved head for you Donald! Stephen Colbert having a great show, YOU!
Hmm like your tax returns?
They asked u about Russian contacts what did u and junior say? "Do not taunt your neighbour with the blemish you yourself have."
#trumprussiangate
Hahahahahaha goooodbye
Dirty politics
Because they have something dangerous to hide. Just my thoughts.
it might be because  the letters in caps are not in alphabetical order
My GOD man , you're the President of the United States! Direct the FBI to arrest all those involved at put them in Getmo!
U should really look into how Ukraine attemtped to influence election with help of dnc and Hillary.
DNC thinks they are above EVERYTHING and EVERYONE...
Don't worry about the dnc worry about Jr taking you down
Just like you have been asked to show your income taxes
@SenSchumer investigate this, #maga
"FAKE NEWS ABOUT RUSSIAN ARE BECOMING VERY REAL"  RESIGN AND AVOID IMPEACHMENT.   IS FOR REAL.
@DonaldJTrumpJr YOU ARE GOING TO JAIL JR.
You and your traitorous family belong in jail. They will "LOCK YOU UP"!
Taco Bell Westminster and Goldenwest it's in California Orange County.
Donald Trump how about lunch together and then take a walk with me and I'll show you my routine.
Donald Trump can you buy me Taco Bell please but I would like to meet you in person so we can have lunch together.
Donald Trump please can you have lunch with me I would really appreciate it having lunch and talking about God.
The spicy tostadas they're only $1 do you consider yourself being number one or not what's $1 mean to you.
Donald Trump let's have lunch together at Taco Bell but since you been ignoring my messages you buy lunch.
Donald Trump can you buy me Taco Bell would you have lunch with me or dinner with me or breakfast with me.
Donald Trump can you make my dream come true.
Donald Trump I would like to meet you in person please I've always dream a sitting down with the president and taking a picture with him.
Donald Trump do you like Taco Bell I do you should taste the spicy tostadas they're very delicious.
Double Standards
Why can't they force them to get it or maybe they also involved with this scam every agency is NOT neutral they lean left
He needs to be taught a good hard lesson,and you are the one that can teach it to him.

Yawn.. same crap same dumb trump
Fake news and more lies
you know a lot about not turning things over. TAX. RETURNS.
Wait what? Why are they asking when they should be demanding? FBI are crooks, can't be trusted.
When Demos control the presidency, Fed power over states is perfectly acceptable. When GOP controls, the total reverse is true! Hypocrites!
Either you enforce Fed power & make DNC & States comply with Fed Law, or Fed & presidential power will become too weakened to be of any use!
HERE'S THE ANTICHRIST - DAVID DE ROTHSCHILD
ROTHSCHILDS, SOROS, ROCKEFELLERS THEY OWN ILLEGAL PRIVATE CENTRAL BANK- THEY RUN FBI, CIA, NSA & USE INTEL TO BLACKMAIL ELECTED OFFICIALS
Bet Podesta, Hillary & Co. are wiping everything clean, as we speak.
ROTHSCHILDS, SOROS, ROCKEFELLERS THEY OWN ILLEGAL PRIVATE CENTRAL BANK- THEY RUN FBI, CIA, NSA & USE INTEL TO BLACKMAIL ELECTED OFFICIALS
Where are your taxes?   Oh, right.....
THE KHAZAR FAKE JEWS-- ROTHSCHILD, SOROS, ROCKEFELLERS THEY OWN ILLEGAL NOT FEDERAL AND NOT A RESERVE- THEY RUN USA AND TRAITOR MILITARY
Can we just move on ! There is so many things that need fixed in this country !!!
The house and senate are bogged down
That's part of the reason the dems wanted comey gone. Question is why comey never saw fit to expose dem corruption
The class you slept thru was called Civics.
THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP you are doing a great job for our country#makeamericagreatagain
where was all this hate from the libs when H.C. sold 20% of our uranium to the russians?#libtards
I choose to believe the agencies of our country not Putin!
Of course, because he dismissed the only director who insisted on the truth.
Get your blanket and colors and go to your safe room. It will be ok.
Thank God you are our President!
Can't have all DemonRats corruption found by FBI!
More nonsense from the Master Diverter.  DNC worked with the FBI; CIA not involved. And what has that to do with Russiagate? Nada.
