don't think so...
Finally we will be a great nation again... by the people..for the people !!

Join me live from the @WhiteHouse.https://www.facebook.com/POTUS/videos/1240366106032827/ …...
Hey "so called president", time to apologize..
You are very good!
>


keep holding Taiwan for China calmdown North korea!
Hello president i am from afghanistan please stop the fight in afghanistan
I truly believe in you and I know you will make our country great again. Thank you for everything in advance.
please address tonight that Medicare will be for every citizen in this nation.
Nah.
Wow! That's how I felt about Obama! Welcome to hell enjoy it like I did for 8 years
I am not rich and he is not being hell. I'm not blinded by the leftists lies
yes with my all friends
The screed should be made to tell us the name of a politician who has wasted less time fulfilling his promises.
#Russiagate #EmolumentsClause #Taxes #25thAmendment #Quebec #Yemen  #Flynn #KellyanneConway #DeVos #Mercer
reinstate the homestead act. This will make America great again. Build farms. Build homes. Not a handout. A job
#pixoritdidnthappen
https://www.khanacademy.org/   for reading, writing and comprehension
We have plenty to say. Why is the White House comment line closed?
uh, PASS 
can't wait for Rosie O'Donnell to play Melania or Primus 
...meant Priebus sorry spell chek
your own mother was an immigrant.
nu fone. hu dis?
there's more in Vargas airport Roger via system check first
Finally, at 58. I am witness to a man of great integrity seated in the Oval Office A leader by example.THANK U
Praying for you from Toronto, Canada. Stay the course. God is using you as HIS vessel for such a time as this.

nah
did your wife move in yet? Please quit abusing her!
Sir  destroy all the terrarist from world 
pass
No
you're not competing with #SNL Well maybe you are
Waching you is better than waching @TheSUPPERBOWL.
I like to say thank you for doing everything you said. WIN-WIN -WIN . @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse
umm, no thanks. I'd rather cut my toenails.
Sorry only watch you on CNN or MSNBC.
yeah I would, but I need to pick snorts from my nose!
Damn, you genuinely think you're on a two-bit reality TV show, don't you?
busy doing my nails!!!
never
I'd rather have a root canal
please get back on your mess....
NO THANKS, I'M WATCHING ROOTS
Dont fuck with my american rights and dont force me topay for health insurance, and you have my vote everytime
I agree Your decision on immigration.
no thanks
fake presidency!!
Thank you,Be strong and of good courage, The eyes of the Lord see every thing.Praying for U, what concerns U.
My msg to Modi on tweet@narendramodi Nothing is reached to Middle class person like me still unemployed & losing75000/Month
I would rather slam my balls into a drawer repeatedly.
you have fake news on it lies propaganda crap
I rather drink acid than watch you on tv.
Is Vladimir coming? No thanks
No thanks! I have to drain this humongous infected boil on my ass.
I'd rather eat a shoe
No thanks. #ImWashingMyHair
 will make me puke! Doctor says can't watch!
That will NEVER happen.
#Pathetic
I am with you Mr. Trump. Please protect America at all cost.
It is bad enough to know that you are there mucking things up!  I don't want to join you live!  #GoAwayNow
Not watching you from the WH as long as you're desecrating it.
I'd rather have dental work
Great Mr Trump you have taken the decisions which would have been taken years before for America
The era you are trying to run is dead and buried !! (0_-) #falsePresident
pass.
This Was Listed Under Obama? & Is Tweeting About Iran Nuclear & New Chapter With Cubans?
Sorry, important boules game on TV.

：the second, supporting our constitutional amendment and rearmament including nuclear to defend the pacific against china.
defund all campuses that do not promote free speech.
doubt many of your uneducated zombies will watch this boring thing.
defund Berkely
Yo momma's so fat when she stood on the scale it said "One at a time please"
If you’re going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty.
Go away I was looking at something better than you
You’ll never be the man your mother is.
Why is it acceptable for you to be an idiot but not for me to point it out?
The zoo called. They’re wondering how you got out of your cage?
Look, you aint funny. Your life is just a joke.
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
I would love to insult you but I'm afraid I wouldn't do as well as nature did.
Aww, it’s so cute when you try to talk about things you don’t understand.
no thanks
(Phone ringing)... Excuse me Russia called, they want their idiot back
Your ears are so big when you stand on a mountain they look like trophy handles
You do know that Zuckerberg is the grandson of Rockefellers,got starttupl  $ from CIA, blocks your supporters
I would love to insult you... but that would be beyond the level of your intelligence.
Your head is so big you have to step into your shirts
My mother was more of a man then you.
Yep I am adopted, my parents chose me, your parents are stuck with you.
I’ve seen people like you before, but I had to pay admission.
You do realize makeup isn't going to fix your stupidity?
Aww, it’s so cute when you try to talk about things you don’t understand.
Are you in a costume? It's not Halloween yet... oh, never mind.
If you can't laugh at yourself, I'd be glad to do so for you.
I think I left my condoms at your mum's house last night.
You do realize makeup isn't going to fix your stupidity?
How much does your daughter cost?
would rather attend your funeral than join u live anywhere... hey tax fraud boy let's see the returns!
yo momma so fat shes got pesos in one pocket and yen in the other
yo momma so fat shes got pesos in one pocket and yen in the other
I'm glad to see you're not letting your education get in the way of your ignorance.
I like the sound you make when you shut up.
You're an accident waiting to happen...it's a good thing I didn't wait that long
Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother.
I would love to insult you but I'm afraid I wouldn't do as well as nature did.
You must have been born on a highway, because that's where most accidents happen.
Please, keep talking. I always yawn when I am interested.
Someday you’ll go far… and I hope you stay there.
You are the reason people are blind
Quick – check your face! I just found your nose in my business.
would rather not tbh
Are you in a costume? It's not Halloween yet... oh, never mind.
I’m sorry I didn’t get that – I don’t speak idiot.
You're the reason women beat their husbands
Your lips keep moving but all I hear is “Blah, blah, blah.”
Yep I am adopted, my parents chose me, your parents are stuck with you.
مهاجم متحف اللوفر تم منعه من الدخول آلى السعودية ف2012 
فاصدرت السفارة الفرنسية في دبي له تأشيرة دخول لفرنسا
I would give you a nasty look right know but I see you have already got one.
Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!
Your doctor called with your colonoscopy results. Good news – they found your head.
If you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid.
manco morta ! Dimettiti !!
No thanks. I might barf.
