It seems that an unbiased jury does not agree with you on the status of @nytimes. Or the WashingtonPost for that matter

I am sure you are planning on congratulations and apologies now, right?
It's hard to read the Failing New York Times or the Amazon Washington Post because every story/opinion, even if should b...
So, so, so... hard to believe there are actual Americans who "BELIEVE" this showman called CHUMP.
you don't read, remember?
It’s only hard to read for illiterate people ... 
The New York Slimes  and  The Washington Com-Post are no serious threat to  President Trump.   As ALWAYS MY MONEY IS ON HIM.  BIG TIME. 
New York Slimes, hahahaha! 
I love it. WaPo compost,too.
Expensive papers too!
It's hard to read this tweet
You are so ridiculously vile & petty. You're saddling your grandchildren with the embarrasing knowledge that you are the worst president in history. Your actions will land your own children in jail alongside you. Your insane jealousy of those who have class is your undoing. Sad
That's how a huge majority of the country feels about your time in office.
Lucky you cant read. Amazon is moving its headquarters to Canada.
And how do you feel now that both won Pulitzer Prizes @realDonaldTrump?
Yea we know your shtick, "Up is down, left is right, Fox is news."
Since you can barely read / comprehend anyway and depend on FOX TV like a Dumbfuckistan , your commentary on those two news outlets is suspect. Have you read the Comey book yet?
No, Donald Trump, you and your family and administration are the ones that are bad! You're all a bunch of thugs and bullies, who think you're above the law!
Then why are you, a failing President, taking time to not only read The NY Times, but tweet about it?
Yeah, they use a lot of big words. You don't have someone who can read and explain it to you?
Because u really really are a bad President and person, they are telling the truth!
@DanScavino is there any way to remove all the piranha bots from his account? Bots don't have 1stA rights.
It's hard to read the Failing New York Times or the Amazon Washington Post because every story/opinion, even if should be positive, is bad!
They are so unhappy Hillary didn't win!  We, 61 million strong are so happy you won!
"Even if should be positive"

Seek medical help before it is too late.

That's because you're a loser. The world is laughing at you.
Nigga if you don’t get off Twitter and do something else worth AMERICA’S time..
I subscribe to the Washington Post. If I had more money I would subscribe to the Times too. They write the truth--not what you want to hear.
Yet you freely give them interviews. You really are so predictable. RESIGN
No 45 you are bad. Get off the toilet, stop tweeting and get to work!
I do feel bad for Trump. I watched my grandparents go through the same thing during their twilight years. Fortunately they weren't the POTUS
Fixed it for you.
You are right @POTUS! 
We recognize #FakeNews when we see it! 
@washingtonpost @nytimes 
#SundayFunday
So he does interview with FAKE  news. .....means he also is FAKE !!!! #resist
When you read through Trump-colored glasses, everything you don't like is negative. It's called reality Mr. Trump.
such a shame there r so called intelligent people who think chocolate milk comes from brown cows n that think  #demcogs care about Americans
Maybe you should try reading something else, then? This really seems to bother you ....
Every story from the failing New York Times is bad?  Does that include your interview?
And yet, you keep bringing them up. So, you must be paying attention to them. Just like the way you don't watch @Morning_Joe & @CNN, right?
Let that be a que for you to do a better job:divest,get informed,be respectful,tell the truth.U work for us. If you can't handle the heat...
"cue" ...that reminds me: admit when you're wrong and learn from your mistakes!
Sooooo true!!
kinda like how every opinion and action you spout off is BAD!!!
Every day another major shoe drops. How many feet do you have??
You will be remembered as one thing...
 
A CRIMINAL!!!
I think Nixon was held in higher regards. When he's over, it's over. He won't even be able to sell a fake book.
he was not until this asshat came along. He makes Nixon and Bush look good.
Nassty paperses, they hates us, yes, preciouss.
Trump u will never be respected or loved like barrack Obama.
Obviously they only like corrupt murderer Hillary
So why did you give such an extensive interview to the NYT last week?
Do you need a safe space, snowflake?

Are you talking about how how bad your interview was? Because it was incoherent and gave me a headache trying to follow along.
They aren't our best people!
They're losing every day and it's showing L!O!L
How is an interview given by Donald fake news? I don't think you understand what fake news really is anymore
No losing here. Six months into a GOP led Trump presidency and ACA is still the law of the land & Planned Parenthood is still fully funded!
It took 2 years to pass Obama care. It would take awhile to repeal and replace. Yet, companies are backing out of exchanges left and right.
Why is it taking so long? Hasn't the GOP been working on this for eight years?  Losers.
Have you not been paying attention? The proposed bills are a disaster. That's why.  You expect everything to happen over night?
Maybe if they hadnt tried to throw it together is a few weeks and had used the aforementioned  8 years..it wouldnt have been a disaster.
Every story they publish (including in the "health" section, has an anti-Trump bias
The good news is that the @nytimes is a shrinking outlet with very little influence
Circulation is up significantly since Trump's election, but nice hustle rube.
You should read the @nytimes. It took the rambling, incoherent bullshit about #TrumpRussia from your interview and summarized it perfectly.
Sounds like an opinion piece. You know what they say about opinions, right?
Yes, every asshole has one. Just like you ;-)
Wow, just getting around to tweets from July? We really slow down when we get old, don't we?
It turned up in a search for something else ;-)

(Gratuitous insult deleted. I'm getting soft.....)
Why do you keep giving interviews to the NYT?
Why do your WH people still go on CNN which you call very fake news?
Why dont you give exclusive interviews to new media like @DailyCaller or @infowars ?
That would be sooo fun & so triggering! Imagine a one on one with Alex Jones! The ppl would love it
It's hard to read with all the retractions. Online, you're in the middle of an article... oh.. it's gone again!
@MedicR56 @SKYRIDER4438 @chrisparv @goz_1911 @KevinStAug  @suspendedscout this liberal made a funny, wanna give her a round of applause?
Actually it's just kinda funny, like funny strange, but anyway 
Yep MC7 reads, comprehends and forms a opinion based upon facts. You on the other hand.. Well..  Needs implanted ideas and propaganda..
We will survive this diabolic robottical CHUMP presidency.
Trump, EVERYTHING is hard for you to read, because you're an imbecile.
Washington Post coming for you now
Signed
Jeff Bezos
First, Amazon does not own the @washingtonpost . Learn your facts! Second, grammar makes so sense. Fat Donnie's Hunter College education showing its merits again. Ivy League transfer student - so dumb.  #MAGAMoron
it's sad that you you strive so hard to become a dictator in this democracy. You are immature and self serving, stop name calling or forever remain: The first "FAKE" President Of The United States.
It's hard to read this tweet with its arbitrary capitalization and single syllable adjectives.
Don't confuse the poor boy! 
It's the same old crap everyday towards you. We know better. Keep the fight we are behind you! Let's stop buying fake news. Money is speech
What crap? When they say he's a bad prez? What gives you the idea that he's a good one? #grabthembythepussy #cleancoal #nuketheshitoutofthem


Fellow Citizens; please let's start working together and across the isle.  We need to put country before one overblown ego. Thx 
That's because you can't read. I'd say get Ivanka to read it to you like always but her mouth's full, if you know what I mean (wink)
Agree
AND YET, YOU CONTINUE TO READ THEM. WHAT A PUTZ.
Why don't R President have Jeff Session Investigate old crooked Clinton. Also Old Dirt Bag debbie Wassermaqn Scultz.Also Ol
Maybe someone can read it to you.
Figured all you knew how to read was a TelePrompTer.
 it's a two-drink minimum at your shows, right?
This fuckin guy. It'd be hilarious if it wasn't my country
Because they're always writing about you, Donny!  Nothing positive about you or your policies!
THE REASON WHY U ARE SAYING THIS IS BECAUSE THEY ARE ON TOUR #lying
Mr. President, why are you reading them if you hate them so much? Oh wait, you want them to blindly praise you. Only Fox does that.
hey egghead, matter of fact, msnbc is doing so great as well as the new york times because you are on fail fail auto pilot to the bottom!
"'even if should be positive, is bad!'" makes as much sense as most of what you say does: none.
We THE PEOPLE are boycotting that fake fecal matter Potus. Be patient the Lord works in mysterious ways..
"even if should be positive,"  who taught or didn't teach, you proper English?
And what does that say to You?
To trump

...and the crossword puzzles are really hard.
What? In english?
I bet its hard to read the news when your failures are front page everyday. You, sir, are a failure. You make President Grant look good.
Legitimately concerned you don't know what 'opinion' means
Those aren't real Donald, you made those publications up or you are insane! @realDonaldTrump
It's hard to believe anything #45 says because he lies all the time.  And acts like a spoiled child. And is a worldwide laughingstock.
Wow.
Your opinion, which equals everyone else's. Mute (and worn out) point. Move on.
Yet you groveled for the interview with the NYT.  You're so easy to see through.
So that's, New York Times, Washington post, CNN, MSNBC, LA times... these are ALL fake news?? You can't be serious.
Here's an idea.  Stop reading them.
You could have just stopped at "it's hard to read" and it would have been your one and only entirely true tweet.
But you read it. You read it and pace the floors because you know your lies are catching up with you
Can you write in English please God your so Handy capped.
Do you realize how many grammatical errors are in your tweet?
Coming from a fraud businessman? A fraud smart guy? And a fraud wannabe President?mein freur you tickle me 
Maybe Melania could teach  you to read
ONLY thing FAILING is YOUR administration. There never is anything positive to report about YOU, YOUR family or the GOP, NEVER. RESIGN NOW!
Quit reading them already
You have that Wright
@realDonaldTrump *failing. Also this description fits your Twitter nicely, good work. Grade: A- (scaled up for repressed self-awareness)
Lamest tweet ever.
Yes!  We should all watch Fox and reality TV like good anti-intellectuals.
So Y waste our tax dollars watching TV and texting, playing golf? Try so m e Presidential work
It is because they are writing the truth, which may not be to your liking.
Do the big words confuse you?  Better stick to the Enquirer then, its tailored toward less "book smart" folks like you.
They're controlled by corrupt globalists who have dark anti America agenda. God broke thru by sending President Trump!Our prayers are w you
Wait wait wait...you can read?
NYTimes @ Washington Post great papers, you are the loser
Time to stop the NWS & Warrants. GETHNER,DEMARCO,PARROT, UGOLETTI & Company lied to steal money for Obamacare. #DRAINTHESWAMP
Be a man for the first time in your life. Do what men do, take responsibility. Stop running little boy.
I sold ALL of my Amazon stocks. Done with this fake narrative.
When have YOU had anything positive to say ... all you do is whine and call people names. You're a disgrace.
Until you and Whitey leave that is.
It's because the #fake president is bad
Know where to put the period, DT. Should've stopped at "it's hard to read". We all appreciate your struggles in the world of literacy xx
All I read was that you can't read...
#SAD
Great work  bringing back our jobs . The stock market is unbelievable and veterans  are so much better off.Thank you Trump!!!!!
Why is it now Amazon Washington Post?
Is that meant to be an insult of some kind?
Being "President" is harder than you thought, huh? I think you may owe a few ppl an apology.
Maybe you just find reading hard in general??
Enough, you are tiresome
It's callled news and anything about u is depressing
I agree with you. Everything I have ever read in a new York Times magazine has been bad. There is never anything good in them.
No one is forcing you to read.
Why isn't he embarrassed yet? I thought even sociopaths could at least get embarrassed by their utter failure
You still force yourself to read them because they use big complicated words that you need practice with.  Reagan dementia train rolls on.
It's bad because everything you do IS bad. Got it?
Then don't read it, stick to Fox News.
So bad about the news print. Give it to them
Cant be hard enough on them
but not failing
bezos not Amazon owns WaPo.
all are researched and fact based
my advice to you Mr. 35% is if something is wrong provide fact
Everyone KNOWS U can't & don't read so U should probably just shut up about the press doing their job! And their job is NOT to please U!
Failing Fake President
Mr President Have Jeff session investigate crooked Hillary clinton..Also Lorretqa Lynch.
Sad but true!  IYI
You're Bad!!!
A statue for @realDonaldTrump in Florida if before end of his 8 yr term Wacompost & Nyslimes are folded. Hit harder Mr. Prez take 'em down.
Absolutely  big fat fake news
You are a #failed man.
So , who were you calling #snowflakes ? , stop watching the telly , learn the #Constitution w/ a tutor & get to work w/ your #resignation
It's hard for you to read it because you are such a poor reader and dim thinker.
Your continued attacks on the free press are attacks on democracy and the main reason you must be removed from office.
You suck
Just like your tweets.

Dear WOTUS=Whiner of The United States. I'm just waiting for your BG, cholesterol, triglycerides, & LDL to kick in. Yep, patiently waiting
What did you read in your 70 years living in NYC?  The Post?
Lock him up! Lock him up!
Your doing great sir don't sweat jealous libatards can't stand pedophile murdering thief Clinton didn't win thank goodness you did
Why do you even address then if they are failing??? Do we really have a president that is seriously this stupid??? This is embarrassing.
It's just hard for you to read, admit it.
https://youtu.be/274Z97UI158 
Hmmm $600,000,000 influence
Why don't you freaking do your damn job!
@POTUS Just leave it at "It's hard to read..." @VP @WhiteHouse
 @KellyannePolls @BreitbartNews @infowars @foxandfriends @FOXTV @FoxNews
I know this is shocking to u, but in a democracy, people can have a "opinion" contrary to yours. And u don't create the truth by saying so.
Huh?
You can read?! Perhaps you should start with the Constitution. You would be surprised at how little you actually now the power u don't have!
Wapo is like old fashion photography they sit in a dark room looking at negatives afraid to enter the light lest their image be exposed .
Don't you have work to do or something? #Longest15MinuteBreakEver
I'm sure it's hard for you to read anything generally. You don't present yourself as literate
You apparently don't read. You just watch Fox News.
You are like a 4 year old
What do you think it means to be "Presidential?" This isn't it. We deserve better.
It's hard to even look at #FailingPOTUS
You just have difficulty reading, in general.  So sorry.
True
You sure read them a lot ... and gave interview to NYT! U have NO credibility!!
Best newspapers in the country! We will rely on them for your downfall!
Sir,ITS BECAUSE THE ELITE RUN THEM,YOUTUBE PROVES THE SCRIPTS ARE ALL EXACT ON ANY CHANNEL.CHECK IT OUT!
