You call Trump a traitor but if I remember correctly you and many other Dems said you were moving to Canada if Trump won.

#Traitors
Then Freggin move; get out of here.

Typical dem lib.

Talking lies and never backing up what you say. 

You said it - now do it.




Make Germany pay up Again!
Trumpzilla forces CNN to eat a tree branch!!!
Where's the outrage?!?!
#CNNBlackmail
Proverbs 16:20
He who #heeds the #word wisely will find good, And whoever #trusts in the #Lord, happy is he.
Isaiah 1:18
“Come now, and let us #reason together,” Says the #Lord, “Though your #sins are like #scarlet, They shall [1/2]
Thank you for the truth. The Light has come & shines even on those that close their eyes.
Trump is the Anti-christ according to the Bible
America is proud to stand shoulder to shoulder with each other in confronting you and Russia.
Oh and... BOOM!!
You are going down you ignorant Orange Man-child.

Is that an asterisk next to his name? Because there *will* be one next to his name in the history books, I guarantee it.
Of course there will be!  He won't make it until the end of 2017......
But most of us aren't proud to stand with you. So there's that.
But why? Hes what america needs? You have no reason to hate him except for what CNN says
You have no reason to love him except for what Fox News says.
I love him because he keeps our country safe and secure from terrorism.. he also doesnt let countries bully us like obama did lol
Job increase also and he knows how to work w money unlike obama. Were in so much debt and we need someone who can handle money
Considering many of his businesses have gone bankrupt and he owes contractors a ton of money, your point is ridiculous
Thats not true. He started with a one million dollar company and today its worth 7 BILLION check your facts
You are a madman.
Lordy, I hope there are tapes!
If they love you so much in Poland, why don't you just stay there
They love him in Poland because they let him bring "fans" in by the bus load. #TrumpsAFraud #DonTheCon
Believe what you want, it won't change the fact that over here we love @realDonaldTrump and all the cheering was real. I was there as well 
He's all yours
Awesome. We take him, you take burqas, the symbol of oppression of women in islam
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 

MAKE POLAND GREAT AGAIN!
That was an amazing speech! #MAGA


You need to eradicate carbs and dairy from your diet, girl is getting thicc
What happened to love Trumps hate you hypocrite?
I didn't post that. My twitter is haunted
And Hillary isn't a criminal 
Excuse me but the only thing @HilaryDuff did was EXPOSE Paolo for the fraud he was! No crime committed
Or kill Americans in Benghazi or lose classified information and then lied about it, but I'm sure you don't care about that
She released like 7 albums, she's too busy to kill anyone but that scoundrel PAOLO!
That is so funny. Still never picked up on it! They are still hooked on Hillary.
2 Corinthians 8:9
For you know the #grace of our #LordJesusChrist, that though He was rich, #yet for your [1/2]
Trump Bible:
I became rich on you through your #poverty so I might become richer.
AMERICA FIRST!!
THE WEST WILL NEVER BE BROKEN!! -@realDonaldTrump
WE STAND UNDER ONE FLAG, AND THAT IS THE AMERICAN FLAG!
Trump thinking about issues that matter: 

  ────────
00:02

Trump thinking about himself:

  ──────── 24:57:01
Oh POTUS!
Tiny hands brah
Ha ha check out the orange pout. "Doesn't she know how important I am?"
hahahahaha it always does my heart good to see that
Tweet all you want all anyone is gonna talk about is how you just got owned by the Polish First Lady
She refused to shake his tiny hand. http://washingtonjournal.com/2017/07/06/trump-just-got-rejected-polish-first-lady/ …
The only evil and extremism is you and your #MAGA base. You spread hate and fear everywhere and expect loyalty. That is tyranny
Trump forgets our democracy was built off of men and women who fought to protect this country from men like him. We are not a kingdom.
This is the reason we fight evil like trump.
Thank you Poland for Loving Trump so much!  
I love to hear them chanting TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP, USA USA USA!  so proud!!




You can't be serious
Remember, In the Art of the Deal, of you say something enough times, gullible people will eventually believe it.  Results aren't important.
And we are proud to stand shoulder to shoulder with Our President! Make The World Great Again!
Oh, now it's the world? He can't even staff federal agencies, dear.
Alternatively, THIS video probably makes you nuts. Leave it to the First Lady of Poland to show us how to #MAGA!
Thank you First Lady of Poland!
Whatever you do, don't say Russia.
Let me get this straight. You're still confused about who might've meddled in our elections, but Obama knew and didn't do anything about it?
Were you alive last year 2 hear Trump's caterwauling about "election rigging" or were you in a convenient coma, penetrated by zero knowledge
What are you even talking about? 140 characters is a much and when you spend 50% on an insult, you are doubly vague.
Are you in an echo chamber of info, unaware Trump avoids saying anything negative about Putin or Kremlin, even obfuscating this morning?
Yep. Thanks for helping fix Poland's never-ending battle with terrorism. 
Poland has been dealing with terrorism for over 200 years. Do you know about WWII? Ever read a history book?
Your buddy Donald was obviously only talking about Muslim terrorism.
Speaking of terrorism. Fighting Trump is jihad. Guess what Greg, you are helping Hamas. 
You will lose.
The only thing I'll lose is my mind reading your tweets.
What if our president is the evils of terrorism and extremism?
No dear.
ooooh, a mansplainer.
No dear.
Oh, he's a repetitive mansplainer!
You seemed out of touch with reality and I tried to save you.
Mansplainer says what?
Trying to help you isn't evil, dear.
Compare President Trump's unwavering commitment to eradicating Islamic terrorism to Mr. Obama's forking over $1.7 billion to Iran to fuel it
Commitment? What has he done to eradicate them? He hasn't even met with his military commanders over that region
Cool, because there are white people being terrorists all over the US.
Yeah. They're called ANTIFA. And if i remember correctly the last active shooter was one of yours...
Ours...? Grow up.
Get in touch with @BLACCHYNA she can show you how to fuck everyone over abusing the system for self gain 
It's a troll/bot. They've multiplied ten fold because Trumpy's all panicky.
The trolls are in full force today.
LOL another brainwashed community
holy shit the replies you're getting
yeah im laughing so hard dude 
Would be wiser to first stand shoulder to shoulder with the rest of humanity to make the planet great again

#climate
How about standing shoulder to shoulder with his own administration. He flips more now than in his real estate days
What's it like to have never been loved?
Well, to be clear, Trump hasn't been loved by others - he has PLENTY of self-love, however!!
Hey anyone know if it's safe to drink windex
Okay it tastes like blue gatorade and soap, but I'm crying blood? Glad im going to the hospital while I still have basic healthcare 
Don't do it again though. Now it's a pre-existing condition.
What about to defend assaults on democratic institutions?
no one is "proud" to stand shoulder to shoulder with you ... it's a necessary evil.
A model AND an escort!

Trump is a SHIT STAIN on America!
Why is that hashtag cracking me up though
it sounds kind of dirty, right?
Nothing political.  I just wanted to show off my fancy new blue check mark.
By "extremism" do you mean "freedom of the press"?
Expecto PaTRUMPum!
'10 points for GryffinDonald!' #CNNBlackmail 
Will you be paying a visit to Auschwitz while you are there? So you can understand the horrors of facism and vilifying a religion.
Why is it that those who say they are Christian on their bios rarely display any qualities which back that up?
Your rhetoric & policies make terrorism worse, not better.
I am Proud to say Donald Trump is My President!
Your Right Mr.President We Loyal Americans Will
NEVER Give Up Defending Americas' Freedom!!
Hey, can they help with North Korea, too?
"We value the dignity of every life". Hmmm. 
Can't even listen to a fools who really thinks everyone in one party thinks the same way or uses the term Dems.

The best Video ever recrated of the Truth....Thanks
TRUMP,  YOU GOT PROBLEM AT HOME THE LEFT WANT TO DISTRACT & IMPEACH YOU & YOUR AGENDA.  IF YOU MOVE TO SLOW, YOU WILL NOT GET RE-ELECTED
It seems that in Warsaw there was an orgy of populism and pathos.
Americans Stand together with the Great people of #Poland who want to preserve their country and values! God Bless Poland!
Your doing a great Job.I'm proud of you !! Be Blessed
@KristinMarieH83 Stay strong Pres. Trump!! Stay strong Poland! God bless us all!
Mr. President Poland love You
God bless Poland and America
The Visegrad countries should tip the fuck out of the EU door before EU fanatics ruin them.
Gli anglo/americani soffiano sul fuoco dei distinguo nell'UE....
Proud of my @POTUS God bless #TrumpinPoland
PM trudeau is a joke,we know you feel the same.Most Canadians won't be sad if you shun us,until he is gone.MAGA,it will rub off on us.
Now do like Kennedy and fight the Federal Reserve. Abolish them and make America Really great again. Use Executive Order 11110.
I love our President  thank you President Trump 

Whistleblower Tarref Simon needs help in bringing attention to the VA. https://twitter.com/refee00/status/880540730174967810 …

"the people" of america didn't vote for u.. U lost the people election by more than 4 million votes. #abolishEC
Spy Pleads Guilty, Walked Into FBI 'Trap' - ABC News - http://abcn.ws/1UYS13h  #NYC #bankers #trump

"Faith in family"??? You, a serial cheater, married 3 times, 5 kids from 3 different wives. You call this a family?????
Failure is not an option. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

@mokivol
We love you Mr. President! #MAGA THANK YOU  THANK YOU  THANK YOU  for what you sacrificed to save our country. GOD BLESS YOU!

Your a traitor and an embarrassment to our nation!
Terrorism ans extremism? Ha Ha. Nobody buys your words but fools & politicians.
eradicate d evils what d #HolySpirit hs me 2 do Didn't realize until recently I eradicate d #racecard politics from my @advocatehealthcase
Delete your account
President, Merkel and Macron are weak souls demon possessed. Pray for them to weaken Satan's grip.Will help save the world
Mr president is making me prouder by the minute!
#AMEN
You traitor have accepted Putin's denial of Russian meddling to our election 2016, when you become so called president of this great nation
LOL! Have you "ever" considered being a Motivational Speaker? Probably after 8 years! Pleeze run again! We (USA) need more back in our bone!
Except Poland does not have the problems that now infest their neighbors
Make no mistake, Poland has faith in GOD! That's what makes them strong. God Strong! Our Lady of Częstochowa, whom they honor, protects them
I know now why trump made his speeches in Poland! There was NO protesting against him!
Wait - YOU'RE fighting extremism?  Funny, I thought you were inciting it.
All I have to say is this...
ALL YOU ARE TRYING TO DO IS GET PHOTO OPS SOUND BITES AND NOTHING ACCOMPLISHED THE ONLY THING AMERICA WILL GET OUT OFF THIS TRIP IS SCREWED
Comrade donald- isolated and rejected from European Union. Poland, Russia was the only ones who talked to you. You have made USA a joke
- you and your kind are the evil who create terrorism and extremism.
And where is that plan to defeat ISIS exactly?
Living in that alternate universe is not a good look. Get your head outta Putin's a**. May your impeachment be swift, Traitor and Thief!!!
our Western values are  the corner stone of morality
I love you Mr. President!!!
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-07-07/russians-are-said-to-be-suspects-in-hacks-involving-nuclear-site …
Donny Boy you are OK with this huh.
When you see Putytang @KremlinRussia_E you better swallow asswipe
滚犊子
#25thAmendmentNow
#POTUSinPoland
Which family, Donald? You've been married how many times? Only kidding, you massive hypocrite. #impeach45
pete is allive and by there complete KISOLA
Oh, so by extremists you mean your supporters.

#CommradeTrump #FakePOTUS
Best speech ever! Makes me proud to be an American.
So you all going to fight each other or yourselves? You are our biggest terror here in the US and the Congress members are the extremist.
No surprise, TrumpleThinSkin backs Dictators and is disgraceful to our Allies. He's another Hitler, that's what Hitler did.
Too right an ally. Poland was host to two CIA black prisons and torture centers that no one knew about during Iraq and Afghaniston conflicts
Yes, nice speech -- BUT again back to PIN-head comments @ press conf w MSM attacks, hyperbole on trade, & the election! Showing #UNFIT4POTUS
You are a poor excuse of a http://President.You  are so critical of our country.Shame on you!Russia did hack our elections.Defend the US!
And how dare you dis Obama while overseas! Traitor! Kiss Vlad"s butt tomorrow? Disgusting.
#dictator #itsreallyhappening #trumpfuckedamerica
You and that government are the extremists.
We put faith in family...or in your case, all three of your families (that you know about).  Because family values are so important to you.
Вот идиот! Безграмотный президент.
to bad Poland and the rest of Europe is NOT proud to stand shoulder to shoulder with united states - you have ruined our reputation!
Say something about "space" again, the last rant was priceless....
Great speech
Then start by resigning.
The Absolutely most profound speech in modern history.. Lincoln's & JFK's maybe just one step higher.. but Truly I am so grateful. Thank You
Family values are important to Trump, That's why his marriages ended in divorces, he has affairs, is on third wife.
You are the evil in the world
once a con man always a con man
How do you eradicate territorism and extremism???
Great speech, sir! Bravo!
Pls be nice to Jeff Sessions, he's one of your biggest supporters- will watch your back!

THIS American will never stand shoulder to shoulder with authoritarian dictators, Poland's, Russia's or America's.
#RESIST
#UnfitToServe
You are the Evil of Extreme Self Importance .
Not Qualified to run a Hot Dog on a Stick Stand.
Sad. Cuz we need more HDOSS's
Hey Lyin' Donnie, this is how a real President deals with Putin.
#RESIGN

Not only does #Trump put faith in his family, but he puts them all on the government payroll. Take that, US taxpayers! #nepotism #fraud
So who is this evils??all of Angel together in #G20
Even Jesus couldn't do that dude..get a damn number! Terrorist are in the Bible, pick it up! It's a great read but no pictures
There is one thing you need to understand, Trump: Putin is an arch nationalist intenet on reinvigorating the Russian bear.
He is a cold, calculating KGB agent that is really a fan of Stalin. And has no regard for the American Eagle, or the West.
Does that include the evils of wealth disparity? The evils of lack of health care? The evils of leaders who lie and are self-obsessed?
Why do you favor countries with right-wing oppressive govts to deliver your screes about democracy? #dictator
Since you don't trust any of our intel agencies, how do you propose we do that? PS Russia is Poland's greatest threat
#AZ #CA #NC #FL #PA #WI #IN #IA #KY #Oh #MI #VA #NY #TX #TN #SC #DC #VT #MT #WV #GA #Chicago #MO #MN #WA #NV #CO.
right here is wosa??  lol where the hell is wosa?
@POTUS
Mr President - Check out this BREAKING Story
http://newsfeedhunter.com/pelosi-daughters-just-gave-up-their-mom-to-stay-out-of-jail/ …
http://bit.ly/2uwzanR  @JustinTrudeau @CanadianForces Canada wishes to express its contempt for @USArmy and American widows.
Stock market tanked today. You going to take credit for that too?
There is no need of balistic missiles in Poland for fighting terrorism & extremism. The missiles launched from France can reach Moscow !
Thank you Mr.Presdent God bless you and your family God bless America
God Bless You President Trump for wisdom and making America and world great again!!!!
You **are** an extremist.....
your speech was embarrassing

Can you please worry about how children today will see the end of humanity, please?
اميركا هي اكبر داعم للارهاب في الشرق الاوسط من خلال دعمها دول الخليج العربي وان هذه الدول هي الحاضانة الرسمية للارهاب
Trump is serious  to face the terror more than any  American   presdident .he will sucess . but  all the Americans have to support him first
What fight poland is doing ??!!! If i may ask !! Or is it just words without reasoning??!
Extremists like the radical Christian right? Like the traitorous GOP? Like the US military industrial complex? #traitor45
U better stick 2 spewing your regular non-sense about TV shows & personalities. Every time U veer off, your ignorance & idiocy shows. Boring
We are making America Great again all over the World!
That clip was word soup. What are you on. About?
How many Muslim terror attacks has Poland had in the past 10 years...I'll give you time to look that up..
Could it have something to do with the fact Poland isn't a streategic target. Lots of countries haven't had terror attacks
No, it has to do with Poland not being stupid by allowing "refugees" into their country..
It's part of the EU so any citizen including refugees can travel to and from Poland
Yes they can enter but they will have to leave difficult to mount an attack while visiting, you do see the connection right?
I have an EU passport so all they need is citizenship and you can live anywhere in eurpor
Mayn thank u poland ur the only good eu state
Except women, poor children, sick, gays, vets, black, native American, unions, you & me.
