I thin these methods will help! You cut off trade ,funds to a country you force them to listen to the world
Thin is think! Spell checker Sometimes has a mind of its own
Trapp Mailman Paras Isä Karisma 
Menetyvän Miehen Takana Aito Nainen 
Äiti Karisma 
Sanojen Mittanen Rauhan Mies 
 Jorma Hautabacka
Prime Minister. Know facts for a change.
Trotona de Pontevedra seal of approval.
Congrates
For can unitness forces & take good fruits about Job that two nations make on rebuild Global Safe, ist need give to know this Intentionship.
#WorstPresidentEver
Thank you Donald Trump
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=2073185449362188&id=202859009728184 …
#PersianGulfForever
Mariano RAJOY is prime minister. The head of state in Spain is the King. FYI
Wonderful he actually reading his speech! He is sounds more intelligent!
YEP!
Spain is a mess.
I thank You for sharing your thoughts President Trump!
If someone said GOD is very real and is more than small brains could comprehend. They would say they are nuts and weak minded.Is very true.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rebFNhU9VXg …

Kari Tapio: Tahdon oikean joulun
@realDonaldTrump please eliminate AMT the biggest ripoff for the American middle class in IRS code!
co2 rising! wildfires rising!superstorms rising! that´s great! mate!

Yes
DPRK Solution.In the 18th century there was revolution in France, but there was Christian revival in England. Bomb Korea with Gospel tracts!
I don't like war! I lost to many people to it! I understand that it's Sometimes totally no choice
Brutal.  You should talk. Stone hit you.
Spain known in history anti USA. OTAN. No. Means NATO NO.  Stupid Trump. Still Franco. Culture
You know what foreign affairs are???
President of Spain? You're a joke @realDonaldTrump

He’s Prime Minister! Where do you get your facts?
He is not. We do not use "prime minister" in Spain, the title of Mariano Rajoy is "President of the Government".
Lo siento! The danger of relying on Wikipedia? It’s appears language complicated to me ... https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prime_Minister_of_Spain …
You can call it prime minister in english but it is not a mistake calling him "President".
Last time I checked, Trump wrote it in English. In English the proper term is "prime minister", no matter how you call him in Spanish.
So he knows s more about Espana culturism than the Spaniards??
Not sure I understand your point.I don't claim to know more about Spain,but they are trying to use a literal translation,when they shouldn't
@IvankaTrump goes to Saudi Arabia to fight for women's rights, then today Saudi announces they will now allow women to drive! 
Demtard alert!
He's the prime minister not the president.
My gosh, it's not that hard to get a title right.
Even tho Spain is nota republic, the Prime Minister of Spain is officially referred to as the President of the Government of Spain. Check it
España NO es república ,es una monarquía constitucional y el Sr Rajoy es presidente y el Rey es Felipe VI
Monarquía parlamentaria.
Con un Rey y un Presidente de Gobierno.

Prime Minister - you are making a mockery of your office.
There is not such thing as "Prime Minister" in Spain. He is the president of the government.
"Prime minister" is the term for the head of government in a parliamentary system. It doesn't matter how you call him in Spanish.
Let me refrase. His official title is President of the Government. No matter how do you want to call him. There's no prime minister in Spain
The head of state is the king. Felipe VI
The proper term in English is "prime minister". We don't follow the original titles used, like in Spanish translations.
In a official visit is required by protocol to use the official tittle. The joke here is that he write the name incorrectly.
In English his official title is "Prime minister". "President" is only used to refer to the head of government of a republic.
You're not doing a really good job.
On anything.
Why do you say that? Its the Congress and Senate not doing they're job Ida. The President is more respected by Foreign Leaders.

Why is #TheResistanceIsaHateGroup funded by #Soros who is hellbent on destroying The United States?
I haven't gotten my check yet, guess I better call Soros to see what's up!
Why don't you go teach your children to hate
Haha...why don't you learn reading comprehension... There's a difference between hating a person vs. hating what they stand for. If you
It's time to deplore the brutal suppression of the Catalan referendum. You're obliged to now since you needlessly and wrongly opposed it .
This is Spanish Democracy of your “friend” @marianorajoy .Shame!!! Beating Old people
It Will be a honour for most of spanish specially catalonians u invite him to live at US 4evr
Huston we have a problem. #CatalanReferedendum
THIS is what the Spanish state becomes when its minorities want to exercise their democratic rights. #Catalonia #CatalanReferendum 
They have a prime minister
Don't like to express any opinion on asshole or current politics
Resign.
Can you find Spain on a map? (Hint: It is no where near Gambia.)
That feeling when the president of the United States turns a hostile enemy country into a Hashtag #NoKo
FYI, Mexico expelled #NoKo's ambassador a few weeks ago. Is there going to be a day when our country gets some recognition from you?
I hope they stop the bull fights! Horrible sport.
Spain doesn't have a President, it has a Prime Minister and a King. Shame on Fox News for not telling you
hey dumbbell, why the Mexican flag then? SPAIN. He's from Spain. Way across the big ocean with lots of water

Here's a handy guide to how your taxes will go up, unless you make more than $471k. #PayTheirFareShare 
Spain and Mr Joy appreciate your effort in the fight against terrorism. Do you want us to introduce you to Rafael Nadal?
Where is Spain #hedoesntknow
Fascist like you and Rajoy... out of our lives
The U.N. have to implement sanctions, not just saying it. Too many Countries have supported NoKo in developing and testing nukes & missiles.
Sort, Rajoy is nothing. It's a robot manipulated by an extraterrestrial humanoid. It seems real, so trust me, it isn't.
MARIANORA JOY

What happened to the King of Spain?
Oh, Spain has a president now? Interesting.
Habt Mitleid - es ist #Trump
There's nothing like a WAR to take the publics attention off of trumps treason & bed hopping w criminal He's prostituting the UNITED STATES
  Goog spain puppy
Smh pretty sure Spain has a prime minister not a president
He's a Prime Minister! Our president needs a lesson in world history, politics, & MANNERS...before our country falls apart! #GetWoke

Subnormal
Jajaja! La ignorancia en pleno.. y hubo quienes votaron por él como su líder político :|..  que peligro: es igual q un mono con una hojilla.
OK rego. Go to bed.. Do your homework.. And go back home that means out of my America

Dear president someone hack into my phone.. And they work for Facebook. Please help out
Why did no one do this yet!?! 
What are ur thoughts on #Catalonia Mr. President? Do they have the right to leave Spain's rule? Or even hold a vote?
Marianora Joy
He is the prime minister of Spain you fool
@MarianoraJoy please ask @realDonaldTrump to show his tax returns. He swore he would if he ran, he is POTUS and still nothing. Is he a liar?
We are so damn proud of you Mr President.
I love you Mr Trump......
you are looking particularly orange this day donald.
Plus, I can only imagine how excited .@marianorajoy was in hearing about the NFL!
You sound like a 12 year old practicing a speech
So, when you're introduced next, they can call you "secretary of state" and it won't matter, right?
Spain’s in Europe. Got that? Don’t fuck up the geography Donnie #impeach45
Dumbo.  Spain has no president
Did you mean Prime Minister?
I am sure he means "The God King Of Spain"

America's Mobster President—New Evidence in Dutch TV Documentary of Trump's International Money Laundering Circles
http://www.alternet.org/video/americas-mobster-president-new-evidence-dutch-public-tv-documentary …
Not cool. Spain is perpetrating some messed up stuff in Catalan.
Sure he thinks u are an idiot, just like all the other world leaders

Don't you know it's prime minister of Spain you putz
Marionora Joy? Seriously?
Uh, Prime Minister Trump I think you got something wrong there.
Open your eyes  foo
He's prime minister
You really are a complete boob. He's the PM, not the President. Take a fourth grade civics class dotard
Or shouldn't that be what his staff should be doing??  IDIOT!!!!

This is Jeffrey Epstein, known pedophile and human trafficker. Conservatives like to focus on Clinton connections, but look at Trump's quote 
From the time of election and you become president Mr Trump this is the cutest moment pic of Barron taking picture of Air force
Don't kill us. You've already embarrassed us enough times, don't go further.
You've already failed at passing a decent healthcare bill, and you just keep moving onto the next thing and failing again.
Get something done that helps the people or just get out.
Can you name 3 things Obama did to help the people
The ACA, Lily Ledbetter & the auto bailout. And that was just in the first 18 months. Here's 50 more:
That's PRIME MINISTER OF SPAIN DUMB DUMB HAHAHAHAHAHAH LOL
Haha Trump is an idiot I tell my nephews and nieces go to school and ask questions Trump proven that he don't ask questions before  tweets
Dude, his name is Mariano Rajoy NOT Marianora Joy!!  can't you get anything right? #Unpresidented
I bet he couldn’t wait to take a shower
In Spanish we call our "prime minister" president of the government. The issue is that Trump has misspelled his name: Mariano Rajoy 
I wonder how many showers the Spanish prez had to take after spending time with you?
Well done, Mr. President. Thank you for serving our country so selflessly. I appreciate you and turn a deaf ear to all the naysayers.
He's a Prime Minister, not President idiot. You're so embarrassing. Still waiting for you to do even One single thing right. Uneducatable 
Shut up, leave in peace to Catalonia and solve once and for all the problems you have with the USA!!!!
I think it's real cool including NoKo on the travel ban.  I'll bet they can't wait 2 come to America. Who r you kidding? We no it's Muslims.
He's the Prime Minister.  I'm sure you've been reminded of this, but it bears repeating to someone who's supposed to know this.
I wish all of the left would move to Russia
PRIME MINISTER
I likr #NOKO , reminds of of yoko ono, noko ono.... noko nono..
Tweetie you are clueless as ever!
Resign!
He’s the Prime Minister, you utter berk
Too bad he's not the president of Spain genius
I am afraid he is. Maybe Trump Office just had luck this time, but in Spain Rajoy is the "president of the Government" +

In embarrassing defeat for Trump, Pence & McConnell, Roy Moore wins the Alabama GOP Senate primary. http://www.politico.com/story/2017/09/26/alabama-senate-results-strange-moore-243175 …
Hahahaha STRANGE LOST!!! You backed a loser Donald. Probably lost because you are so unpopular

Mariano Rajoy
Your hair!!! It's glowing under the bright sun!!!
um... he's a Prime Minister. *head in hands*
Spanish president? Surely Prime Minister, but what do I know compared to you?
Who us going to help us against your leadership? You're the biggest threat our country faces. You're a failure, do us a favor and resign.
Sé que voy con retraso pero acabo de ver esto 
I’m Beginning to feel like I can understand what living in North Korea is like under your regime
Trump is a fake
Yes the Spanish Presidentbknowsbu r completely NUTS and paid lip service to u. Ur warped mind cannot comprehend reality! What a LOSER!
Not the president. He’s the Prime Minister of Spain. Just like the election in Alabama is in December not in November. Take your meds!!!
Btw i know about china
He is the prime minister of Spain.  Not the president.  Get it right already
He actually is the president in Spain, just saying
Thanks
You suck at welcoming
And thank you dear President and our First Lady for all the hard work you are doing for us and our Country! God bless and be safe. MAGA 
Repeat after me : PRIME. MINISTER. 
Prime Minister is NOT a President #Dotard #DotardTrump


If @theresa_may had been there, would have been a real Axis of Evil meeting. #Rajoy and #Trump together, however, is bad enough.
Hey, @POTUS @realDonaldTrump how about Puerto Rico? Focus on OUR country instead of making a war with another.
He is PRIME MINISTER ! U pontificate about respect  & yet you don't do them the courtesy of knowing their title. Pay attention to your job.
Did you see how he was looking at you? 
I bet he was thinking:  " Who the hell voted for this SOB?  #DotardTrump#Dotard#CrookedTrump
@realDonaldTrump #WhatAboutPuertoRico

Get the title correct, it shows a sign of respect, something you lack! U welcomed the Prime Minister of Spain. U are a true embarrassment!
Spain would have been all over helping Majorca if they were in the same situation as Puerto Rico where Americans are dying today! VERY SAD!
That would Prime Minister of Spain.
No, he is The president of spain
Thanks for listening to Hillary and sending USS Comfort to assist 3.2 million US Citizens living in Puerto Rico.

You are the worst president in the history of America. Lowest ratings in history. #impeach
Mr.president that was great !!But I want to ask you about health care I have my friends without any health care please try to get the republ
Releasing assassination papers would keep community in the know



The NFL sucks! We need to help Spain! Puerto Rico who? #LittleHandshitler
@POTUS @marianorajoy
I'm only feel catalan, not spanish. Catalonia is a modern, worker and innovation nation. Brain and motor. Not a weight.
Go to Andorra.
Lindsey Graham Fights Back Tears Defending John McCain From Trump's  Attacks.  https://www.yahoo.com/news/lindsey-graham-fights-back-tears-081325721.html …   McCain is an American Hero
Are the son's as egar as the Morgan boys

Wow, more people showed up to see the prime minister of Spain (not the president, #Dotard) than for the inauguration. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/912809860965613568 …

If confirmed–hearing on Wednesday–Dourson will bring his pattern of downplaying risks of toxic chemicals to the EPA…the industry can't wait 
What a shame! Hey Rocket Old Man, Don't get us into that mess. Sit down with Kim and resolve things like adults. Rajoy, what a shame!
Spain doesn't have a president you dotard.  Holy smokes are you a loser!!
Marianora Joy? Maria Nora Joy? Who do you mean?
Did you brag to a real President how you're nothing but a washed up has been pussy grabber who cheated and sold out his country 2 Putin?

You mean... Prime Minister, right?!
Catalonia wants only wants to vote and decide their future and the Spanish government is sending the tanks to silence them. Democracy?
