
IMPEACH SCHUMER AND PELOSI FOR BEING OBSTRUCTIONISTS.I LIKE THIS GUY SERAMUCCI.HE NEEDS TO GO AFTER MORE OF THESE LIBERAL TYRANTS IN CONGRES
All CAPS doesn't make you look more intelligent.

And "impeaching" Congress members?
Pretty damn slow, aren't you....

First you have to nominate candidates for positions before they can be obstructed.
vote him out of office the trader
Fox news does NOT give true facts. This is the fake news as usual.  A lot like you, full of BS and much taken out of context, not backed up.
FAKE NEWS
Boot him out. Bye Schumer.
Can anyone tell me what the Democrats are doing weekly to collect their paychecks
@HillaryClinton - “To say you won’t respect the result of the election, that is a direct threat to our democracy.” @SenSchumer proves it.
Area does not equal population density.
Term limits
Rs have 51%, why do they need Ds. Oh, because of Democrats in RParty wearing RHat, trying to derail POTUS. Wake up Amer!
Why r Rs doing nil
Hallmark's new Trump collection
How do you fire these Senators that do not want to be Americans? I'm tired of government. Right now it seems we need a dictator.
We just got rid of a wannabe dictator. Be careful what you wish for.
We need for DJT to take hold of the obstructionist, deep state, etc. Law and order, arrest and conviction. If that's a dictator, so be it!
THEY'REworking on"impeaching"Trump, 
I've heard the newPence slams...
What these ppl don't realize is Ryan's next in line.
Are they STUPID?
They will never impeach President Trump. Watch what goes down in the next six months.
I'm anxiously waiting.
Can u give me a hint?
Heads are going to roll.
Heads should be rolling as we speak!
RT @foxandfriends: White House calls out Senate Democrats for obstructing nominees ...
Off with his head
@SenSchumer Dollars keep dropping out of your pocket Chuckie as you obstruct @POTUS  & American citizens agenda. Bankruptcy at your heels.
unlike the Republicans
You kind of need to nominate them before they can delay. Just like the nominees need to not rescind #liesthepresidenttoldme
Hahaha .....said Fox news Hahaha trump has causes them to run out of positive pro conservative-repub news. At this point we are SATURATED
In d.trump jr's admission of his attempt of collision that has really ignited the "Russia Gate" scandal.  Thank You Jr!!!!!
Dems aren't obstructing.Repubs have both houses...his nominees are wretched, many positions are still waiting for a nominee to be announced.
so get the work done with out them if you can and cut them off ever way you can the Democrats just won't to line there bank acc
Dems dont have the numbers to obstruct. try again.
Or else!
They others don't. The current ACA needs works not replacement. And the only reason they wanna replace us because the big donors told them
What's happening here is simple. Lots of the GOP have their pockets filled by so -called in donors such as insurance companies.
Trump is a loser and so are the GOP that can't get it done. They all run the senate and house they are to blame not the Dems.
Mabye they don't want Trump putting in ppl that Putin tells him to. Trump is a traitor to the country. Russia helped him. Emails prove it.
Nevermind that this is all Republicans have done the last 8 years. They have a majority in both houses-they just suck at governing.
#MerrickGarland
MAGA!
Today's talking points.
The R's have 51 votes, the only one not doing their jobs are the republicans.
Stupidity
Bullshit, or the supreme ct. would have been complete before you sleazed into the white house.
Not obstruction, Your nominees just suck and you haven't even PRODUCED the number of noms he has.  #DonFailed #TrumpUnprepared
@realDonaldTrump Karma, Mr. President, Don't worry because your supporters know the truth!
Trump hasn't nominated enough people. Leave it to Fox News to not inform truthfully.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/politics/trump-administration-appointee-tracker/database/ …
Keep up the good work Democrats.
@Bornfree1953 Mitch McConnell obstructed Obama's SCOTUS nom for more than a year to get Gorsuch.  Top that, Dems!!
@realDonaldTrump  I CALL IT ANTI AMERICAN
Schumer is a loser
That is all that Schumer is capable of doing...!  He has no talents, skills, or brains
Can't they put sanctions or some penalty against Shummer
Thats what happens when there all shit
Tuff
We need to get rid of half the republicans and 90 % of the democrats. This is ridiculous bullshit. I.blame trump for not cleaning house.
Ass hole the republicans obstructed seven years.
Go get him, he is a bad boy.  I bet he is connected to Hillary and Obama.  Maybe even the drug cartel.
This WH has lost it's right to call out anybody on anything.
How can #Democrats obstruct YOUR MAJORITY?

Things not getting done, because even #Republicans DON'T like YOU!

All hail OUR #ApricotMessiah
That's all those SOB's know how to do.
Fox News is entertainment, not news.  Scantily clad anchorwomen.  Murdoch is compromised.  Russian blackmail.  Only explanation.
Wake up to yourself #smallhands #CrookedDonald
Remember when the Republicans refused to EVEN LOOK at Merrick Garland?  You'd be wise not to bring up obstructionism, because the @GOP...

LIE
Praying for you, your family, administration and America!
Ur admin has fewest cnfrmtn slots submitted—ever. GOP cnfirmd all Dems opposed cept ones who wthdrew cause bad past or not wantg 2 work 4 u.
So frustrating when the legal system gets in the way of you robbing the USA!  If only the powder puffs would back off and bend over already!
Senate democrats call out the white house for running a single party legislature.  NOT what the Constitutional framers initiated. BAD GOVT
First 100 days of Republican leadership = First 100 days of @SenateDems obstruction.


care to buy a vowel?


U need to call out RINO republicans 4 obstruction also like Sen Tillis from NC who's holding hostage nominees in order 2 get more H2B visas
Name those "nominees". The ones that have been vetted ....I dare you.
WH should consider its own skeletons that are beginning to melt and leak out of the closets:
Or is it fighting to protect the republic.
White house hasn't enough creditability left to call out even Charles Manson.  Midterms will reward those working to hurt Americans
Senator Schumer when he talks acts like a total moron.  They never called out Obama on shit.
Hahahahaha. Didnt mitch brag about doing this for 4 years...where his callout?
You mean like all you guys did with Obama's picks?

Wikileaks Exposes It Was HILLARY Who Met Secretly with a Foreign Ambassador. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inZCiimQJac … 
What happened to true and honest. Went out with Ailes. U r lying, we all know, and this bill for health care will kill nursing homes, vets..
How long can u call dems obstructionist when u supported McConnell for 8 years who would not let appointments thru, scotus thru. Dont lie.
U people have short memories. McConnell blocked obama for 8 years, u cannot forget that. Down to stealing a scotus seat. We r not stupid.
And exactly when did the Senate vote on President Obama's Supreme Court nominee? 
#GOPHypocrisy
#NoRecess Til @POTUS Cabinet has been Filled! Create additional modules to expedite the Confirmation process! Congress FAILING #Bigly
Well of course if you didnt agree with Obama's appointments, then the liberal SJW press would have branded you racist.
With the Obamas gone that gives them more time to play with each other's penises.have fun playing Barack and Michael. Two sick ass fagits..
The Obama men are both wannabes, they have no life outside the white house, that's why they won't go away because they r nobodies outside...
Give us back our country President Trump..
Drops dead Obama men...
Kind of waiting for #TrumpsTaxReturns if you know what we mean...
Fox News would do itself well if it focused more on this instead of this crap with the Russian collusion thing.
YES!
THAT'S RIGHT YOU ARE ENTERTAINMENT NOT NEWS
You have to nominate someone before they can be put in office dummy!
Instructor of obstruction Schumer
He'll pay and get paid for the Hate
Unfair to the American people
I'm angry, troubled, and dumbfounded that a Party with a majority in the House, the Senate, Congress, and a POTUS, is not in control.
Too bad the President can't fire'em ALL! The millennials don't care @ party lines. Their view is 'what are you doing now to help #MAGA?'@VP
Why isnt this story covered on all the news outlets? Why is it they only cover Russia-Russia-Russia!?
This would be interesting if it was true but it's not.  Just another Faux News lie.
@realDonaldTrump u can't obstruct nominees conf if they haven't been named. Really, u've become RT 4 45. Trump news. 24/7
@realDonaldTrump more.lies. look at least if nominees put forth & # confirmed.There's hundreds of opening w NO nominees given
Is FBI/DOJ going to investigate why Loretta Lynch gave a Visa to the Russian Lawyer who lied to Trump Jr about a bogus meeting? FNN 7/13/17
YAY!
Vote these no good mf obstructionists out asap!!! THIS IS BS
And of course, the GOP didn't ever do that, did they?
Now we need to vote these obstructionists out of office wherever possible
#Foxnews, always dependable
how does it feel? remembering past this is what repubs did to Obama for nearly 8 years, time for all to work together or suffer consequences
Can't they be fired when it's a clear & open obstruction?
If the daft old lech would nominate qualified people, he wouldn't be having this problem.
Ridiculous !
Fake News
The voters should fire him
Has FOX called YOU out for failing to even make hundreds of nominations?  Where's their fairness and balance?  (Hint: it was always PHONY.)
The party of personal responsibility always blames Hillary, Obama or the Dems.  Why take responsibility when you blame those out of power?

Nice 2 see @WhiteHouse continuing its raging #hypocrisy .
Unprecedented campaign of obstruction?  Have you been asleep for the last six years???
Did they call out the #GOP for obstructing Obama? #NO
Hmmm, a quote from your man Mitch McConnell. Who's the obstructionist?
INVESTIGATE SCHUMER...!!!
I'm forgetting my US Gov class but I think there is something that can be done about obstruction.  Is there anything that can be done?
They should nominate actual people with EXPERIENCE not penis suckers.
Welcome to politics. Republicans did the same to Obama.
Truth is that no honest professional will work for the lying, erratic Trump regime. Only self-serving billionaires and political hacks apply
They need to get the job done
Force a vote. Rs are the majority ? What's the hold up...
Yes it is rediculous that these noms have not yet been approved. Do not think that the public are not aware of the games being played.
Democrats do not support Russian Bought Appointees...sorry. Neither do the Patriotic Republicans. You will be impeached & empire destroyed.
Senate Republicans wrote the book on obstructing Obama.
don't forget the democrats are guilty of OBSTRUCTION  OF JUSTICE AND MANY MORE FEDERAL LAWS , MUELLER WHER DO YOU STAND,democrat 
resign
Really? Obstruction..like the @GOP spent the last 8 years doing? Not so much fun when you're on the receiving end, is it?
I'm just amazed that people believe that. Like do the math.. They said they don't need Dems, but nothing can be done without them? Bull****
Can't help if all he nominates R the WORST there is in the field he choose them for. Can't help if they LIE 2 the Senate. Popular vote LOSER
Maybe because trumptard keeps nominating unqualified people? 
Unprecedented would require it not having happened already to Dems.
Good for them. Obstructing begets obstruction. Keep it up Dems. Good work.
Uhm, the senate is controlled by the Republican party.  Did ya bother to check the difference in the number of nominations for positions?
The more they obstruct, the more the majority of Americans support them.
@realDonaldTrump fix is easy. Invoke nuclear decision.
Sounds like a big vote of no confidence in @SenMajLdr
Hey, turnabout is fair play. Welcome to Washington! It's called POLITICS, it's *HARD!*
Well if they weren't billionaires that cared more for the the American people and less for their pockets they may get passed quicker.
Insanity!
There are 52 @GOP Senators. How is a majority being held back? Oh, that's right ... even some of your people think Trump's nominees stink.
HA, remember when Ted Cruz shut down the government, that was obstruction.
This is FAKE NEWS Don, remember??? Why are you retweeting fake news?
Payback is a muther!!!
JAIL THE SCUM---SEDITION
Schumer is just plain mean-spirited and downright anti-the-American people. Totally sold out...Sad!
The world calls trump out for hmmm treason ... perhaps that's more interesting
Don't look it's fake what a bunch of liars fox
FAKE NEWS
Trump is a communist!
Maybe Mitch McConnell should look to his past to see all the obstructionism he engaged in.  People in glass houses should not throw stones!
PERHAPS MAYBE BECAUSE THE CHEETOS BEHIND ON APPTS.!!!
@realDonaldTrump   You creeps did it to Obama for 8 YEARS,,,,,,,, HA!
please mention the hundreds of non-nominated or placed key positions that NEED NO CONFIRMATION. Also, picks that did not file forms.
@realDonaldTrump You own the senate and house..Soooooo whose holding it up?? You ass!!
They own the senate & house!!  Whose holding up what???
