Obamacare is a huge lie.. and yet, the left STILL defends in spite of evidence that it is destructive. #Blind
Obamacare is fine check the insurance companies for the devastation they are causing
there has never been a successful socialist society. There is the worst division of elitist and all others are peons!
Lov Trump
@Rickm_29 You can't make sense out of nonsense & you can't fix stupid!
Did you live under rock for the last 8 yrs.
Also learn proper punctuation!
Is this proper FO
Is it?
kind of hypocritical for you to be talking about blaming someone
You don't read anything, do you? It was true until the Insurance carriers took a right turn.
Now, release your tax returns.
shit up trump ur not my president so go look out ur window at all the women trying to talk to u
marketplace
My health ins company decided 2 drop individualcoverage in NJ Just left the state & I'm not even in Ocare! #Abolish
agree i work for dr office we have lost money people come in have ins we file it pays then asks for refund
Traitorous Trump @realDonaldTrump must be MOST typical politician since he lies  ALL of the time. Man, he only opens his mouth to change feet!!!
"you can keep your doc., you can keep your plan"definition of scandal
Prepare for health care for the sick who are wealthy & coffins for the sick who are poor. Welcome to America under Trump.
wants to privatize everything. How about Trump Insurance instead of Obamacare?
It's OK in TrumpUSA to hack & leak private emails.
It's OK to lie, cheat, & steal too. #TrumpIsAJoke #NotMyPresident
yep new style of government ! A joke like trump!
the doctors for political reason decided not to take obama care. That was not a decision of the government. It was politics
get rid of the whole damn thing so the working class can afford it again. @tired of paying for dead beat bumbs!!!
Stop tweeting.
Republicans have voted 60x to repeal Obamacare. They will be responsible for the chaos in the insurance market
so what is your plan? You know premiums went up because a lot of sick people now have healthcare, right?
whydon't you modify it towards better than throwing billions in waste
2 parrots f'ing is glossed over because of ur creepery
You mean "Keep your doctor " . Meanwhile it's scam time for fun and profit insurance
he please check carefully watching the Russian intelligence intervention and should not handle this thing stern
vast majority of Americans actually LIKE ACA because have insurance finally & cant be denied or dropped for pre-ex conds
. I cant wait. In fact why wait till Feb? Drive an ax in that snake on the afternoon of the 20th.
Or like the kids that shoved the hanger up the black kid's ass???  Get a real job...
RACE issues start with stupid talk like this! Why cant we LEAVE COLOR OUT - bad dudes are everywhere

Thanks Steve, now maybe you should research how @NYPD classifies its data.... Cheers!
another thing, NYC has NEVER been "white". That includes prior to Plymouth Rock
Pls Mr President reunite this Country!
Mr. President, if you would be so kind as to accept the request for papers for my family
proof your tweets, pls.
WRONG
Hey, @realDonaldTrump why don't you hold a press conference so we can hear you answer questions instead of obviating on Twitter?
because the media can not be trusted! Tweet away @realDonaldTrump
Ha! Yes, of course. Only your dear fuhrer can be trusted to tell you the truth. SUCKERS!
I do my research on all sides. Make my own choices! My choice is to #MAGA
You are right
funny how the low class are  beating up on Trump for tweets by tweeting. .........lmfao wow
Donnie "no class" rules through lies and deceit!
Do I have time to run to ththe bathroom before the next tweet?
god I hope not the suspense is killing Mr
About me going to the bathroom??? It's just a number one.
So pathetic
Sorry I had to pee!
he actually didn't. Hillary won the popular vote. Which is the system we should use anyways.
Why, becuz your candidate lost? Know what winning looks like? It's winning 90% of the counties.
I can't handle the suspense!
have all these people crying forgot that the exchanges didn't work or that out deductibles have doubled. My insuranc sux.
the GOP has zero interest in the American people.  They represent the insurance companies.
come on Donny one character at a time...you..... can...... do......it.....
Repeal ALL!

President Donald J Trump!

Get rid of Everything Obama did!

#MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
-sbar news.,u don't represent & shouldn't even try to tarnish our beautiful city with any liking of DRUMPF
Your crime ridden city like Chicago, LA, San Fran... CA now allows child prostitution, perverts
Well the , we'll do our best to keep YOU OUT 
No worries, I have no intention of going to any of those locations voluntarily..
.@realDonaldTrump The Cure for Cancer is out. The government is a system. #STAYWOKE
It's easy to take credit for things in which you had no say or part. It's hard to actually do things.
 @realDonaldTrump
But we have to pass it, Nancy never read it neither did Obama.
and your new bill will be essentially the same with some tweaks, TrumpCare. Part of the circus.
Good luck improving Obama care.  Please stop name calling.  #unpresident
#Obamacare #is #still a #lie @realDonaldTrump  #Healthcare #USA
Just like you're doing the "political thing". Telling parents one thing then doing another.  Call Your Senators. #StopDeVos
that line is getting old. . .
we can be patient
50 trump electors voted illegaly, congress must object the votes
https://twitter.com/Parker9_/status/810294369383235584/video/1 …
Coal Miners Who Voted ‘ @realDonaldTrump '
Now Begging To Keep Obamacare
@CatherineHatf19 @realDonaldTrump Elections do have consequences.
#Deplorables Trust @realDonaldTrump ,even after the Deception&Defrauding acts towards Americans.He can do no WRONG with them.
I like the video of you liberals following BoBo into the hole. Stay there & don't come out...
You sold out to Putin little traitors.
#DeplorablesForTRUMP
Haa, at least DT has real Americans backing him.... we follow a true leader.. watch us roll
ACA was created by Obama not to help the people  but rather to serve his own ego and legacy which is why the voters repudiated it.
The voters repudiated eh?  So explain why an overwhelming majority of Americans want it kept and fixed....not repealed....
, They Don't . Have you met ur deductible Yet? And the cost is going way up again!
Wow...from the dark ages (2 months)...ok....yes, I met my deductible.  And still, the latest news is that the ACA is +50%...
Want to know what "it is"??? Find out AFTER THE BREAK!
it is the "political thing".
is there time to get popcorn during the Tweet intermission?
Microwave yes
Donald would know al about lies wouldn't he? Pot meet kettle.
What did DT lie about? B specific. We know BoBo has lied...
Infidelity/affairs, mob ties and financing, Ted Cruz's father
You have proof?
OMG, you've got NERVE to talk about LYING! You lied about protecting LGBTQ Americans. Coward & a liar. #Sad
I am a retired  USN Chief Petty Officer. My wife and support u 100 per.
you blame people everyday! Oh the media, oh the congress, oh Mr Obama. For christ's sak! 
then how ''typical you are
watching you today when I got home from work you brought tears to my eyes when the paralyzed vets came throughproud 
and what are you doing? Blaming!  2 wrongs don't make a right.  Cowboy up, Mr. President
With health repeal turn the abortion/pill pay to StateTake yourselve out of loop. Let God sort the choice out
.  So true!
America, voted for TRUMP!

gary,....America, voted for TRUMP!
#TheResistance
congress NEEDS to interrogate @realDonaldTrump like they did Clinton during the Benghazi/Email hearings.. THIS #RussiaHacking is NO joke
trump is deflecting 
weNEED 2 #DumpTrump  

the Democrats know Obamacare was an unmitigated disaster but will crush the American people to save his "legacy"
Trump University was an unmitigated disaster. The ACA is a flawed system that can be improved.
 comparing the two? Are you HIGH!?
I know, right. 1 of those things gave 25 mil. ppl health care - the other, a plot to steal $ from young ppl.
Obamacare stole from the entire country but it's okay, it's going in the trash where it belongs :-)
Poor little . Ur going to be VERY disappointed when that doesn't happen. DT is playing you like a . Sad.
by doing what he said he would do? It's what we voted for  keep on playin Don!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain = return to 1950s values. Hope u know what ur fighting 4. White supremacists sure do.
trent loves Mr President Trump!,..... America, voted for TRUMP!
see that's where you're wrong, he lost the popular vote by 3 million
right,.....AMERICA, voted for TRUMP!
he's not wrong though
yeah, I'm not wrong,...Trump is President America, voted for TRUMP!
America**

**the minority of America
Trump is President for ALL Americans,....America, voted for TRUMP!
everyone else will have to get they insurance only they will have choices
high premiums higher deductibles less coverage AND top off with a huge fine if you don't.please keep your promise
-Back into your PINhead delustional world! Entire O'care a "lie" -sheer nonsense! Where were Reps for ACA reform last 6 yrs?
The biggest American liar is you Trump; a liar and a joke!
agree
Don't pay any attention to these idiots on here!!
I KEPT MY DOCTOR AND MY PLAN AND PAID LESS. SO THERE!
it's funny when you tweet about other people BLAMING others when that's literally ALL you do.  
OBAMA N THE ILLUMINATI UNITED NATIONS ROMAN EMPIRE R ABOUT TO BE DESTROYED ALONG WITH THE FALLEN ANGELS THE KING IS COMING
He already has grown up stupid. Hahahahahahaha! Now he just needs to grow up!! Hahahahahahahaha!
Republicans don't care for ppl, else, they would have passed something before ACA.  Now they just want to tear it down.
I bet U don't have one; an actual thought out plan; not a tweet but a written plan that has been researched and analyzed.
Unconstitutional and all those that signed for it committed treason period by law.
health care must be a right not a privelege.
What I KNOW as FACT without ObamaCare I would be DEAD!!! Thank you Obama!
You forgot the Rep. stopped Obama from putting together a good plan
Obama's speech writers would agree, except they're laughing about it..... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pkqn6wsrUfs …
BULLSHIT! I KEPT MY DOCTOR ON ACA!
Will you guarantee no annual nor lifetime cap on care? #Obamacare
Your asinine simian countenance alludes that your fetid stench has annulled the anthropoid ape species diversity.

bruh you blaming rn u needa 
Wholeheartedly agree! Problem is, a POTUS builds an 8 year administration on lies; begins to believe his own lies.
yup

from a provider-I listen to complaint make diagnosis and then...nope I don't say what's best I say..what's ur insurance 
I sure hope you come up with something that will cover Kuru disease #hillaryforprison #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
what is your Obamacare replacement Mr. President-elect? Anybody with ideas  Trump plans to fix this?
Mr President Obamacare is a scam insurance offices charge thousands of commissions
because the insurance companies had no say in the products they sold. Get a brain, scarecrow!
Obamacare Fix: Limit office visits and specialists unless really necessary, doctors stop dishing out RX like they are M&M's
I kept my doctor and plan and it cost less. Let's see if you can do the same!
I need Obama care asshole geez
this isn't a problem with obamacare it is a problem with regulations on physicians and insurance plans. RESEARCH first
2014 to 2016 I paid $23,000 in medical. 2008 to 2011 I paid $4050 in medical. I am completely pissed off Obamacare
you are the one who must stop and think.  I sometimes think you don't know the difference between between the truth & a lie
Donny you blame everything and everyone else but yourself.
that's kinda calling the kettle black isn't it Trump, he who NEVER blames or accepts responsibility.
if the media is watching these please realize the movie industry opinion means nothing to ys
I recalled some guy named Trump who promised he wasn't going to cut Medicare or Social Security.  Funny that.
The real winners are insurance company and all these red tape venders.
when does construction begin on new border protection....
your tweet is a lie.Prez O said keep Your doctor not 'You' doctor.
#Blame! Seriously? You haven't taken responsibility for anything in your life unless it was accomplished by someone else!
You should know a whole lot about lies
"Keep you doctor"? Must have learned that at Trump University
You should be helping this not blaming.
worked for my family very well. Got coverage, kept Dr., and love it. I know no one personally that had any problems
Insurance companies have told us who our doc would be for 30 years before the ACA . This is a scapegoat  Not fooled Fix it
what's your plan...is it for ppl to drop dead b/c they will no longer hv h/c coverage!!!
you should keep you fingers off Twitter if you dont know how to spell or use an apostrophe mark. Maybe a FUCKING press conf
free health care for all
if Deathocrats are clowns, they're not very funny. @POTUS Obama lied ... his party died
where's your plan?
You are the master of blame. Herr TRUMP 666
is a ly
the market place is so stupid they cancelled both my old and new policy  screwed again
lies, something you are intimately familiar with
NOW THAT is the typical political THING. SHINE THAT LIGHT ON SOMETHING/SOMEONE ELSE SO THE SPOTLIGHT WONT BE ON YOU.
best way to get a new health care plan is to require all gov employees to be on the plan. Including senators and congress
Biggest government program failure of all time

I kept my Drs!!!
THANK YOU FOR REALIZING OBAMA CARE IS NO GOOD.
I APPLAUD YOU. I VOTED FOR YOU AND I BELIEVE IN YOU.
"Keep coverage" more important than "Keep your doctor" "Keep your plan". Don't drop these millions. Support health, Donny.
...do the typical political thing and LIE. The fact is Repeal and Replace was a lie from the beginning. 'Drain the Swamp'.
so what were the "unbelievable" findings of your Hawaii birther investigators remind me again?
Where is your great plan you told the people would be there to replace existing health care?
spoken by an authority on deceit, lies, & misinfo. When is that audit done? Plans for ACA post repeal? Tweet on hair helmet
With my 45 years of healthcare experience, and knowledge of insurance, I wish I could help write the new plan

I get $40K fedretirement ObamaCare caused UHealthcare monthly fee up each year  $250 to $499 to $680 to $750 on 2017 Tucker
It's not remotely close to being as bad as you say. It's a good thing, needing some changes. Improve it, don't replace it.
.@realDonaldTrump You would know Donald—you're the expert on blaming others for your failures & lying about everything from the beginning...

LOL. Just like how you said you'd never get rid of Medicaid and Social Security? Does your dick even work anymore?
Thanks House Repubs for helping to designing Obamacare to fail. 
too bad we can't keep our same president...
itvwasn't a lie. There were things Promised that were not able to be given. Thecrepublicans could have helped, but no.
OBAMA AND POPE FRANCIS ARE HERE TO BRING IN THE ILLUMINATI NEW WORLD ORDER FOR SATAN N THE FALLEN ANGELS. EVIL ROME
What Doctors my ins said we don't have any Orthopedics surgeon in our network ..now wait 60 days for a review ..
he's just a trumper tantruming snowflake baby handed twatwaffle
#ProveIt You are accusing a POTUS of lying. He is innocent until proven guilty, of knowing future.
do you or do you not want healthcare for all Americans? Yes or no
lies are your specialty.
please shut up
a lot of people been able to keep their doctors.
You know what was a lie from the beginning? “Drain the swamp. I’ll share my taxes. I’ll talk about intel.”
#Liar
#Hypocrit
I kept mine
Packaged in a shiny box and then they opened the box and it was empty.
And those surprises you promised for yesterday?? Then blamed it on intel agencies. Ur pretty good at blame game yourself.
You always can find exceptions, but most folks kept their plan and doctor. Ins companies change stuff all the time anyway.
Your the expert on lying - You said you would divest your business-you canceled your press conference, and not rescheduled

IGNORANT, INSURANCE Co are taking Dr aways, raising premiums,INS/Drug Co Lobby politicians w/$mil, Tax payers get screwed
where is your plan? We're still waiting or are you just going to take Obamacare and make it Trumpcare
damn straight it was a lie. It wasn't even finished when it was signed in.
It’s you who uses blame to switch positions when you’re wrong. Hillary was a birther! Media made you look as if…  whatever!
kept my doctor kept my plan saved $483 per month love Obamacare
Show us TrumpCare we can support but make sure #IrresponsibleRyan completes a #ReplaceB4Repeal. @SpeakerRyan @TomCottonAR
it's a nightmare! Anything will be an improvement! Affordable my ass!! Regulate healthcare cost & we won't need insurance!
You lie. Keep it up. In about a year all will be exposed. Your dishonesty your lies your fraudulent behavior. No escape!
ANSWER MY QUESTION. ANSWER ANYONES QUESTION! . spewing lies,
held unaccountable, the great and powerful Oz has spoken.
OBAMA IS A CLONE BY THE VATICAN ILLUMINATI HE WILL BE THE HOST BODY FOR SATAN AFTER THE RAPTURE JESUS IS COMING
you do not know what is to don't have money, have kids under 26, work related permanent disabilities, urgent heart surgery.
#LiarInChief
whats a doctor? never had one still have NONE this part of Murica never extended healthcare
wife is part time employee, takes full week to pay for shitcare now. Different doctors new suk plan, etc., etc.
