your doing a tremendously GREAT JOB, THANKYOU President TRUMP MAY GOD & Jesus Christ bless youb& your family!!
last 8 years I lost more than 60% of my 401k last 6 months I'm $7,600 up keep going Mr.PRESIDENT THANK YOU
Because you fired someone? I voted for you and after all your broken promises and your white house being a mess I regret my vote.
You're delusional! Resign!
More like the funny farm and you are dellusional..
Ooooh, did you get two scoops of ice cream today, Donnie? How special you are!
If that was a great day I don't wanna know what a bad day is like.
Do you realize what the rest of the world thinks of us? You have damaged our brand. Surely you understand that.#Unpatriotic #UnPresidential
Haven't read through the Twitter feed yet. Did you manage to get through breakfast before completely upsetting the apple cart?
Doubt it
Grandpa Simpson is up late tonight...
Priebus, Scaramucci, Spicer, Flynn, ALL records for short length of time in those jobs, "A WELL RUNNING MACHINE,"  LOL, so funny!
Lol.  If you have to say it's a great day, then we know that means it's not...  blahahhaha
Really?
Think u got that one backwards...McCain was  and is truly the bigger man.
And yoy served when?
#FakeNews
Better watch out. You are starting to resemble Baghdad Bob.
You think so?
I bet the MOOCH doesn't think so! 
Suggestion!  When near any DEMOCRAT   Just say 
JESUS JESUS JESUS
 ITS KINDA FUNNY BUT CRUEL
THIER DEMONS GO NUTS
ITS LIKE BEETLEJUICE


Damned Dems want to feminize men  PC IS DEMONIC AS HELL
Orwell described Trump to a T  WOW

Evil! Mueller needs to go! Now!
Why exactly? Found Kennedy's secret pussy-grabbing-grotto?
Did you get new Lego's?
#MAGA!
You don't wonder where he's disappearing to, @realDonaldTrump? Those aren't bathroom breaks, man. He's totally LEAKING on you. It's true.

Were your gold toilets installed?! Yay.
You weren't there?
Thanks for the evening laugh!
Have you successfully gone to the toilet, Mr. President?
Lovel, dear. May be I drop by later.
Really? The delusions are going through the roof.
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
That'd be a first for you!

Help rein in the ATFplease
Salisbury steak night!?!
Great day at the White House? Really? You sure about that Donald? #Peoplelosingconfidence

It wasn't.
Trump was far from the best.
I like how you refer to him in past tense.....
And you WERE wrong!
Bot alert!
#Putinbot
Everyday that you are in the WH it is a Great day! Thank you for all you do to FIGHT to put US & America first. God Bless you & America 
I see you are already sipping on the grapes.
And they are FABULOUS! #MAGAForever 
Are you on the crack pipe?
...no that is your cup of tea remember.
When someone says that about Donnie there is some kind of problem there. I have not been able to determine what yours is yet.
That I LOVE & will fight to defend my President! And what a fantastic problem to have! Life is good with President Trump in office. 
Please put the bottle down.
Does that mean a day when no one was fired or a day when at least two was fired? One a day seem to be the norm.
Does @realDonaldTrump ever answer you @ChrilleM?
Nope. But one day he will, I am sure. If he can read, that is. And then I will be blocked I guess. #lifegoals #gottatryharder
Probably, but that is a good thing. That means that you are smarter than him.... 
Not the toughest competition I would say.
True that. 
Wow, I didn't think you could top the stupidity of "It will be handled, we handle everything" today but you did it. You are hated you clown
Then why did america elect him if everyone hates him? Use some common sense.
Compromised election with voter suppression + Russian disinformation and he STILL barely won and lost the popular vote by Historical numbers
Compromised? Obama himself,stated ZERO evidence of Russia hacking into any voteing machines. ZERO evidence of Trump collusion. try again
There's a Grand Jury enpaneled right now who think otherwise.  Plus you know, Lil Donny Jr's emails
YES, by ex Clinton supporters! Comey even stated president Trump wasn't even being investigated. Nothing will come from this. Just smearing
Hahaha
Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, and faithful in prayer during your season of adversity.
“Leadership: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible" - Donald J Trump
Is that the Dump Whitehouse or some other white house…
Oh you mean from FL? Not the place you referred to as unfit to house your inflated ego?
Not for your friend #TheMooch
Why? Because you aren't there?
What'd I miss?! Did you finally get evicted?
Shit show
#fakenews
You must have been out of it
Oh did they idnict you? That will be a great day 2 bad the immigration bill wasnt in effect for your grandfther it would have spared us DUMP
Actually every day you are president is a travesty. You discredit all we stand for.

Why? Has someone cleaned that right dump up?
Are you there?  SHOCKING, figured you would be on the golf course..." Obama, this guy is never in the WH, always playing golf, I'll never.."
Uh huh.  Your staff awaits
Thanks for Kelly!! Finally someone who knows what he's doing! Maybe the WH circus will end! We needed a new leader!
It won't be a great day at the WH until u are no longer 45. Since U think it is a dump, why not resign now?  U aren't woking for us anyway.
Ah that place is a dump
"Nonstop cleaning since my 'dump' comment! They're gonna MAKE THE WHITE HOUSE GREAT AGAIN!"
Thought you called the WH a dump??  Trump should live in a dump!!
Going away party?

Spy hunter!

You mean "the dump"?? You are so undeserving.
sign the sanctions bill. Or are you waiting for permission from Putin? #trumpRussia
Is it meatloaf Monday?
I thought it was a dump ?
Which white house are you at? Certainly not the big one in DC.
The day you're out of the White House; will be a GREAT DAY!
Hannity has been so on-target in exposing corruption that maybe Trump should give him the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
Not while you are our "so called" president
Delusional. #whitetrashTrump
Any day you're in the white house is a BAD day for the White House, and America. #ImpeachTrump #NotMyPresident
That dump? #Nicetry #IllegitimatePresident #MakeAmericaThinkAgain
In your eyes - and that's false news also - just like Fox News - faje
Publish your taxes
@POTUS Yesterday was a HUGE day at WH! And it began with immigration bill - ceiling #s is the lynchpin of the bill. No negotiation.
Lovely! aluminum strontium barium filled lungs #Geoengineering #smartmeter tearing apart every cell in our bodies
Best day will be your last day
you mean that place you disgracefully labeled "a dump". you don't deserve to be there.
Oh, the "dump?"
Another great day? I don't think so, popular vote loser. Just another alternative fact, i.e.  Lie.
I'll say it's a great day! It's starting, Little Donnie. It's starting.
You are seriously deluded.

Ok seriously stop.  Oh wait you were serious.  Bahahahs
A great day at the White House is the day you are no longer living there!
What? That dump? You said so yourself.
Two terms for you Mr President, the opponent's will get heart attack next election, only do not yield to them, we the people know
ok
greet*
CORRECTION.   a great day will be when toy resign.  Can The General fire you  too? Petty please?
Are you referring to the same White House you just called "a dump"
More smoke and mirrors
I'll settle for a normal day at the WH. No attacks No Firings No resignations and most of all No Lies
Not as long as you are in the Whitehouse
The WH needed a cheerleader, oh goody. You need to be able to do more... And they're MY generals & you're in The People's House. Respect it
But the WH is a dump per some really stupid person....how could it be a great day? Plus, RussiaGate!!! BWAHAHAHA
Still making me laugh.
stop leaving it to go golf then
Don't you mean "the dump"?
You mean "the dump"?
Must say in 8 months you have alienated more factions in this country/world wide/ Congress than any POTUS I have seen in 70 yrs. Great Day!
#MAGA
I can name an even better one... THE DAY YOU LEAVE! Which is coming sooner than you think.
Translation: T is stark raving nuts.
Didn't you just call the White House a "Real Dump"? Makes me want to take a "real dump" myself.
For whom?? That's not what everyone at Oval Office is saying
You wish...more lies!  Sad
With you there is can not be great.
Then why aren't you working instead of wasting time tweeting?
Ccxe
You and Fox news come up with fake news and lie to America Racist elect
啧啧啧这评论
Except for all those pesky catastrophes
#Trump from the dump.
reason. We just lost children within the last 24 hours that didn't have to die! They're flying planes that are 50 years old
Why is it called the White House if you're orange?

Let's stack em up
Give Steven Miller a raise!  Awesome
They have biggliest white jacket,has very long sleeves that tie around ur back,after they wrap u up,they will take u 2 place nicer than WH
Call it nut house since you are there

When you signed the Russia sanctions!
#TinyDonny, I guess that's true if you mean your ridiculous joke of a presidency provided us with more great comedy!  I am indeed laughing!
Did someone piss on you?
Who knew Presidenting would be so hard.  So many rules....
Why you didn't get caught in a lie today
Oh , you must have taken your meds, I get it.
Did trump resign?
Ending another week of lurid turmoil and outrageous White House contradictions, lies, and general foul ups. lol
Yes it is a great day in America, it feels good to watch the 401(k)s and the stocks soar above where they were pre 2008
Change of Staff?
http://thehill.com/policy/international/russia/345045-russian-prime-minister-trump-has-shown-total-weakness-by-signing … It's always a great day at the WH when someone gets canned. #weak
Did Melania finally hold your hand?
DAMN. donnie, are you hitting the juice hard.
The first day after YOU LEAVE!  Then it won't be a "dump" anymore and will once again be a place of class like the Obama's had it.
Great night in WV
Delusional. Sad!
fuck you.
Wow good one. When you're on your deathbed at 80, this tweet will be what you're remembered for. You sure showed him.
Ho punkin 
Great week, hardly ..pppttthhgh 
you expect us to believe anything.
We are not stupid.
Publish your taxes

A great day
We Can't believe anything coming out of the WH. EVERYONE giving a different version.  Trump calling all media news "FAKE NEWS" except FOXS.
It was a bit cloudy here this morning, but the afternoon is simply beautiful! #SydneyIsSkyBlue
Really ? According to the worlds press you are quoted as saying the reason you spend so much time at your golf clubs is because WH is a dump
DUMP TRUMPS
Hope so..
Why? Did you revoke your presidency?
Yes! Ole "Bone Spurs" Trump! What a man's man!
You resigned!!???!   GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL!!
Why? Did you resign?

Good to hear that DT
@realDonaldTrump just let me know what stocks are you planning to sell like you did with apple back in 2014. Great move!!!

You mean in that dump?
Packing your shit?
A great day at that dump huh?
I wouldn't go around calling the White House a dump. Emmet Ray might show up next time he has some time to waste.
Can you please check @MerriamWebster ?  I don't think that word means what you think it means.
Gracias Gringo
Lol! Fake news
Trump giving "FAKE NEWS". Don't believe anything U report. Lies R your MO.
Congratulations you deserve that. Saludos de Chile. Y bien por ocuparse de sus coudadanos.
Really???? With you as our president , no day at the WH can be a good day . #roasted
Still funny.
Calling WH a dump shows your complete lack of knowledge re: its history & your lack of respect for the office of US Presidency. U R A Joke!

heard u called WH "a real Dump" 2 explain why u spend so much time @ your properties. What not enough tacky gold plating?
You're a real piece of , gold plating and all!
