Suckkk




Hasn't done shit and you want him re elected. Please
LIAR in chief. Constant lies and spin. Apart from dolts at your "rallies", nation is waking up to your b****t and we'll see you GONE!!
Dont let em down!
So fantastic they don't know you're taking healthcare away!!

Trump can yell “HIRE AMERICAN” at rallies. His company is trying to hire foreign workers for his Jupiter golf club.
And we're supposed to believe you because?
Repeal Obamacare!!
Obamacare is a disaster!
What are your sources?
Not attacking someone. That's new
People of Ohio are fantastic.  They deserve wayyyy better than you, big guy.
You can be more Presidential than any President in history? Seriously? You're a child playing with a phone on twitter lmao!
You've conned 62 million people. Amazing.
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
That part of Ohio. Bet you wont go to Columbus
You are fantastic!
The people of Ohio LOVE Trump and the #AmericaFirst agenda! They've witnessed firsthand what liberal policies do to their communities.
Or have they perhaps experienced the global terminal decline of mining and heavy industry?
Block me
Get blocked woman
Lol no one likes you
Absolutely loved your speech! First Lady Melania did great

Great rally  #MAGA
You're my favorite National embarrassment.
Whiners still whining while winners still winning TRUMP is the best...get some rest you need it
Winning at? 
They're winning at losing. He can't accomplish a thing. Whine, bitch, complain and brag. That's all he's good for.
Omg. And I'm sure his supporters are loving it!
you a no brain
LOL #EveryoneHatesYou
skinny dip in a flood
Stop campaigning and go back to work, lazy boy.
TRUMP THINKS HE IS GOD
WHEN IN FACT
HE IS JUDAS
AND PUTIN HIS GOD
#TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpTaxes ##TrumpTreason #TrumpRussiaCollusion #maga
A very apt and accurate description 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VyF6iA2VnWc&sns=tw … via @youtube
Hey Donnie, why don't you just stay in Ohio and do the world a favor.
AJ
You're an awful person.
Go to bed bruh
Thank you sir for KEEPING your WORD to the #Veterans and the rest of the #USA God bless you and God bless the #USA !!!!!!
Excuse me? How has he supported veterans?  Careful how you answer this.
#VA appointment(s) and un-appointments (aka firing)
I figured it was gonna be nonsense.
He signed two bills that named two VA centers. Not built, named.
The people only come to watch you make a fool of yourself.
Another stop on the #INeedAttentionTour
I'm a tiny, egotistical, angry man. Thank you blind supporters for rallying for me. Without you I would feel neglected and worthless. #FTFY
Ok! Now I am going to be obsessed with twitter and our glorious President who is being led by our savior Jesus Christ!! Thank you Jesus and thank you President Trump. God bless us all.....
He is wonderful and a God send
Which option is best for Trump
Why are you still holding "cult" rally's? Go to bed, and keep failing at MAGA.
Here you go Dominique...stop watching #FakeNews & being blinded by #Liberalism! #EyesWideShut

NOW, GO TO BED! !

#MAGA

The democRats = !

Poverty Pimps!!!!!!!!!!!
Amazing!  We miss our #TrumpRally's!  I love that you are able to stand up and give an account, to the people, of promises you have kept.
What promises would those be? The man has accomplished nothing major. That's why he's paranoid about healthcare.
He has created so many #Jobs!  Our #economy is rocking.. #illegalimmigrants crossing border is down over 70+%.. and, the #travelban!
How many jobs did HE create? Many are due to Obama-era deals. Being the laughingstock of the world lessens illegals desire to be here.
Well...if you dont like the great USA. You go over the wall
By that logic, if Obama was so bad why are you still here?
We are resilient people, and very patient. We knew that @BarackObama would be replaced by @realDonaldTrump, and his legacy would be erased.
We Love U  here in Youngstown!!!! Incase u Didn't Notice !!! But I'm Sure You Did  Come back Soon 
YES WE DO, Sue!! I would have been there right there with you if I didn't have to work! No freeloading here! Glad U took pictures! 
Wowowowow
It was Even Better Than When We Saw Him Last Year @Vienna Rally  
President I'm Still On A President Trump High
I am happy that I have been able to see him! Did you see where the #FakeNews tried to twist his words again?!? They PISS me off 
Can't call that record breaking. Especially with the boing in the cheers
I don't know why you're campaigning. You haven't even been a president yet.
Yawn.
Ah yes, your bi-weekly jeering section. Donald, sorry slick but they are laughing at you, not with you.
Please stay out of Washington, we don't need more bs infiltrating our state. Perhaps we could build a wall to keep said bs out?
Fake event. Only cheerleaders were allowed in. Sad. Everyone is talking about it. By the way your repeal Obamacare antics failed twice today
Wonderful rally.
We do not all support your behavior which continues to be embarrassing.

Y don't u come to NY? The rallies of ppl against u will be UGE! The biggest rally yet! It'll break every record EVER...  #loser
Thank u 4 not giving up!Truly a fighter through the push back u r getting from DC.They must b so worried about u messing up their cash flow
Did you enjoy your handjob from the people of Ohio? Was it satisfying? When will you be returning the favor?
lets bring AMERICA BACK AGAIN


Try going to a blue state to see if you have any supporters? BIASED OHIO.
I live in Ohio and I found your speech horrifying.
Get out of my state, you're a horrible person.
Not this person of Ohio, buddy.
Rape us! Lie to us! Throw shit as us! You are loved!
Whites and more whites and more whites and more whites!
I'm sorry did that area vote for you? ...yeah, that's what I thought
Never seen a bigger redneck convention! I bet there isn't a full set of teeth in the entire crowd.
shut up
Always needing attention, all these Rubes don't increase your low ratings, this is just another distraction. 
When do you start working
Trump will get your jobs back.
Where are the jobs!
Disgraceful
What a horrible speech you’re awful
I wish I could have been there. Please come to Louisiana soon.
Do you Love the American Military? No. Not all of them. Only the ones that are exactly like you.
Why are you still campaigning? Because your misogynistic ego can't take the fact that you lost popular vote to a woman.
2:11 just because u say "Obama Care Nightmare" doesn't mean it's true. You're a chep thief rn and u r using business tycoon #DWalia tricks
Thanks #MAGAMorons
Still campaigning?
Maybe you should move there Donald. Get in touch with the working man instead of rich towers parties and bullshit

The energy is still there and just as strong as during the campaign.  "Go home to mommy!"  "Your mommy voted for Trump!"   #RepealObamacare
Oh I forgot one thing. ...fix californias housing taxes and cost...so we can survive on these low wages we are getting...thanks
When will you stop campaigning & start presidenting? The world is waiting & watching. You won - get over it & #DoYourJob
Booo
Ohio rednecks
Ohio loves President Trump
We are fantastic. Please don't come back.
The ignorant @POTUS supporters in Ohio just don't realize how screwed they are with the liar Trump & GOP. I feel so sorry for them all. SAD!
6:47 which is why you should resign and support #iReform because you suck Mr. #JugheadTrump
all wanna kiss your ass ....
Loves campaigning because it's easy, governing is harder!!  Can't handle the job?  QUIT!!
Congratulations you fed them a bunch of lies again
5:41 the lady in the background is making fun of you. I did that too. Last row right corner. I was a ... let's call it improviser #Pheku?
Don't insult the people of Ohio. You had a small group of unemployables and misfits come to your pep rally (paid by the Russians?) #resign
Melania was just happy she had you out of town again!!


So you think you should be on Mt. Rushmore?  You said it - America didnt. We'd rather see you jump from Mt. Rushmore on a bungie
i hate ohio
Jerking off in front of crowds is your thing, even if they're children.  A performing seal.  Your rallies are pathetic.  #FakePresident
Hes describing the boy scouts about duty, honor, service and country.  Yet he got bogus waivers to avoid those very things. How bout dat?
Uh oh. I see a lot of old and clearly poor people in that crowd. Did you tell them you are working very hard to kill them.
Still with the rallies? At least they are not children. (physically) you are a sad,weak, pathetic old man whom even ur own party dismisses
OHIO LOVES TRUMP !!! #MAGA 
Your insecurity and need for constant stroking of your pitiful ego is really sad.  Too bad mommy and daddy didn't give you what you needed.
People in Ohio who are still supporting @realDonaldTrump are delusional morons!  This is not about party!
Stupid if they be accepted you! 

I have a great idea! You can keep on being President of the swing states who led to your presidency and the rest of us will get a new Pres!
A better & MUCH improved one!
Heard you drew a crowd of 8,000. You know who got 8,500...
Don't come to Central Georgia, no welcome
God Bless @realDonaldTrump  @POTUS @DonaldJTrumpJr , @EricTrump @IvankaTrump @IvankaTrump God Bless America!

lies
https://www.facebook.com/shaunking/videos/1489689644403282/?hc_ref=ARQm3Bu-FXbLM1ReNxKxWqxmNOQ87wiZFGRME_JQ3sXpczBg3YcjJBp-KYjCqOLfMQk …  your fan base...lovely
A man who brags about himself because no one else will.
Fraud fake racist homophobic monster
Why are you still campaigning? Didn't you supposedly win this election?

Oh right, the popular vote.

(Which you lost. By millions)

Enjoy it while you can.  #youwillbeimpeachedsoon #Russialooms
here is Frederic sealey's post
#CarlFredericSealey  #FredricSealey @FredricSealey1 @CarlFredericSealey
You rock, Mr President.
How much did you pay or drug those people?

2. new passports that say they are older than they actually were. They girls were forced to "entertain" powerful men. Including Trump.
When are you going to stop campaigning? You just love the attention. Stop it and get to work!
Youngstown hates you
Ohioian's you failed to blow that stage up..
Got your dick hard Donnie.
You know if u need cheering on to boost your ego....just line up your inadequate  staff to do that.
Home of the Rednecks and the Deplorables. You are welcome to visit the Deplorables anytime.
Great campaign rally. Maybe someone should tell you the election is over... and, eventually, so will  your presidency.
We worked hard & campaigned door to door for you Sir.. and we are very proud of you & what you have done for our country in just 6 months
Yes We Are!!!!
THIS Vietnam veteran is NOT for Trump. Those who are don't love our country and probably had disciplinary issues in the service.
Looking forward to you meeting folks without campaigning or wining about how unfair you've been treated.  Got anything else going for you?
Strategically puts two black people behind him... 
A true leader brings out the best in people not pump themselves up to make them feel better about themselves. YOU are no leader.
How many of those Ohioans still showing up to support Trump are gonna be wondering why their Medicaid $ for opioid treatment disappeared?
Yeah. But it's Ohio. How about going to Cali and trying your little Nazi rallies. How about going to war yourself and picking up a rifle?
I lived in Ohio for a year that's all I could take I think corn fields make people crazy
Then stop thinking you ARE God!
The only place in America where one feels comfortable wearing that Dumb Red Hat at a Trump Rally. Try making a public appearance in Chicago.
As long as you're being stroked, the world is great.
People of Ohio that came to that gig are Twats 4 Trump. Kind of like Morons-R-Us only terribly toxic. #RESIGN
https://twitter.com/BanditRandom/status/890047957457707013 …
Vomit
I
All 20 of them
Thank You Mr. President!
.@realDonaldTrump You really had that crowd going with your made up stories. You're the Dane Cook of Presidents. #comedy #MagaMyAss
As a person from Ohio, it makes me sad to think that most people think Ohioans support him. It's just the racist southerners in reality.
You're an ass. only fascists hold rallies when they're already in office.
