RT @FoxNews: U.S. Markets since election. ...
Does anybody else think this has been overly sugarcoated???
Thanks Obama
Thank you President Obama!
Stock market went up 300% under his watch and his soaring trajectory continues.
Thank you President Obama!!!
I d vote again for D J T tomorrow. Beleaguered and scorned by major media the truth is he has done more than Obama in 7 months. Believe It.
Under the Obama administration the Dow increased by 300 % (6500 to 18000). That's after the mortgage crisis he inherited.
Great.  I love it.  Who says the Donald has had anything to do with it?
Crow now because the markets are about to dive
You are right, Amy. I am not happy about it, but I know it will happen.
@POTUS & @GOP preparing to fulfill another of Putin's wishes.
Another Putin wish fulfilled. President Bannon assisting in "dismantling the administrative state" along w/Tillerson

If you think that's bad. Here's pages 1-3 of the affidavit filed on @realDonaldTrump for sex assault on a minor. Pages 4-6 follow. 
Beat this record and then you can brag. Until then "Thanks Obama"!
It was increasing before the election and has been for years. Keep trying Fox (aka Trump's Propaganda Machine)
Thanks Obama!!!
Thanks President Obama
You can thank Obama for that since this president hasn't done anything yet. His tax changes are years away. Fox is fakenews
Dow tripled during Obama.  6,400 to 18,400. Trump inherited strong stock market, you guys pretending he created it.
All I see is a statement to stock changes since he took office. People claimed it would plunge, it has not.
When Obama left office: DOW 19,732.40
Today under Trump: DOW 17,732.48

DOW has dropped 2,000 points under Trump.
Love it!  Making America Rich Again!

Bush = Obama = globalist = phony boom bust cycle. #MAGA
Yeah it's still Obama's fiscal year. That's his credit you condom filled with salsa
Amazing what can happen when a socialist isn't running the country.
Consumer and employer confidence alone will drive the market up that high. There was none under Obama
FAKE NEWS
sorry commies and @Rosie  but business/jobs dont like communists
Blahblahblah !!!
What about the last 6 months of Obama's presidency?
The rise before the fall.
Q2 saw intl. stocks outperform U.S. equities as political risk in Europe abated and uncertainty persisted around the Trump admin’s ability
to implement its fiscal policies. Meanwhile, bond markets began adjusting to the idea that President Trump’s pro-growth agenda of lower
taxes and reduced regulation may take much longer and be more modest than originally proposed. In short, your attempt to make this appear as
if you created this growth, is null. You and your admin have been a hindrance.
Very nice
You don't even hold a candle to Obama.  Your 10 times if not more, the worst leader America has ever seen
I believe that should read-- since election of 2008.
You just failed to repeal and replace....again, and your wall is still nowhere to be found
Thanks Obama!
Big Stk Mkt Rise predicated solely on promises-Now we see Republicans have no intentions of keeping promises where do U think this is going?
Thanks Obama!
Thank you President Obama. He led the country from recession and created a juggernaut even you can't derail. He was the greatest. #Impeach45
Thanks to Obama forgiven food stamps! Yeah right...trump give us jobs...
You want fries with that?
Yeah, the markets have factored in that ignorance has taken the wheel.
Thanks Obama for bailing out banks so our economy would survive. Those were bleak days.... regulations work.
How nice. The admin hand picked by Citibank, bailed out the industry w/ taxpayers $$ & nobody went to jail.
When the left's stink boomerangs back on them, will you be able to deal with the resulting justice?
Jobs, jobs, jobs. Going, going, GONE. 

https://goo.gl/aie1yG 

#LiarInChief #TrumpLies #layoffs #MAGA @Carrier
Thanks @BarackObama! You really set the nation up in a good place, even with all of the opposition trying to ruin our success.
That's nice but look at this or have someone read it to you.
Fox News is for no one but FOOLS!!!!!
THANKS OBAMA!
Fake partisan news
Thanks Obama
President Trump working hard to #MAGA
Thanks Obama! Since this is consistent with the rate of growth for several years and @POTUS admin hasn't passed any significant legislation
Yes, it took 8 years for Obama's job killing, over-taxing, over-regulating policies/ex orders to take effect and create jobs.
Eleven million jobs during the Obama years is what, chump change?  lmao
Yes so? The rich 1% who have lots of stock are winning. The rest of ordinary americansd are losing heathcare, jobs etc
I lost my healthcare under your President. My state is now in a hiring frenzy now,with the nations lowest unemployment.What are you reading?
He almost acheived the same percentage with the #NationalDebt as well...

Don't show the whole picture. Or facts. Or relevant data. Or anything that's not fantasy. All of that is fake news from the liberal media
The growth seen in Obama years still didn't help stagnation of middle class wages. Just put more money in wealthy pockets
Which is why I also disagree with the proposed budget and tax plan. It will serve only to increase income inequality. Ex: the Carrier deal
Admittedly the Carrier deal wasn't specifically part of his budget or tax plan but I believe it's evidence to the wrong way to view matters
Fox  also Really tried to interview an actul family to view post election increase in cash flows, income
They could have called me. Im doing great this year. Months pay for an out of the blue bonus and another raise coming. Whats your excuse?
Without wanting to imply anything at all, let's just make sure that's put in context and then people can come to their own impressions.
This is the S&P 500 over the last ten years from the end of GW Bush and the Great Recession through Obama to Trump: http://www.macrotrends.net/2488/sp500-10-year-daily-chart …
This is the Dow over the last ten years from the end of GW Bush and the Great Recession through Obama to Trump: http://www.macrotrends.net/1358/dow-jones-industrial-average-last-10-years …
This is the NASDAQ over the last ten years from the end of GW Bush and the Great Recession through Obama to Trump: http://www.macrotrends.net/2489/nasdaq-composite-index-10-year-daily-chart …
Boring graphs I know, but just take them into account - however you choose to read them - when you look at statements about the economy.
Also worth reading - how much effect does a President have on the economy and how long does it take:
Between Clinton & 0bama ~ America's jobs were destroyed. Tech, textiles, steel, automobiles, you name it. Bush was hit with 9/11 ~ anomaly.
just waiting for that trickle down . . . wait, that's not money!
You're not old enough to know anything about trickle-down

Thank you Obama!!!!!
If you knew anything about the stock market, you'd know none of it has anything to do with what you've thus far done or said. 
#MAGA?! Ha!
#FAKENEWS
It might be an appropriate time to Tweet a Thank You to Obama for riding his great wave LOL! Losers need winners, I guess you're just lucky.
numbers where going up before you got into office so please don't take any credit for this #notsogreat
NO TAX BILL THESE NUMBERS WILL TURN RED QUICK

Then Harley Davidson announces 183 lay offs in WI & KS. 70 in W VA by CSX. Total lay offs since inauguration over 60k+ #TrumpFailingEconomy
Markets strong=success of rejection of POTUS' agenda.
Mueller now investigating Don Jr meeting with Russians. One being money launderer. Oh but Trumps are so good for America. #corrupt
Looks like a bubble ready to pop!

Thanks, Obama. No, really. Thanks, Obama!
Oh, the Winning
Fake news, as usual Fox.
Fake news
Try @BarackObama
@ProfDemirtas hocam veriler hakkinda düşünceniz nedir?
STOCK MARKETS ROSE 230% DURING OBAMA YEARS
Hey Donnie, Pence measuring for Drapes yet?
The Democrats (Communists) do not want America to succeed.

Stock market since 2008 onama 6,798
Stock market jan 20 2016 obama 19,989
When trump does that .then tell us.
 #TRUMPONOMICS, BABY !!! CHOO-CHOO !!! #MAGA 
You don't understand much macro economy, do you Erick? The numbers you see are thanks to Obama. Your numbers will show in 12-18 months.
Put on your life jacket!  How's riding the #OBAMAWAVE ?
Thank you President Obama
Nice try FAKE FOX NEWS
Historical S&P 500 Index Stock Market Returns2013 32.4%, 2014 13.7%, 2015 1.4%, 2016 11.9% Market data -Dim.Matrix Book 2016
Thank you Mr. President.
#ThanksObama 

isn't it wonderful the Obama policies are working?  lets hope you don't go and fuck it up
The only reason you don't consider this #FakeNews is because it looks favorably upon you. #disgusted @POTUS #TrumpLogic #Trump
They were excited about the tax cuts to big corps! Not so happy this week with your shenanigans!
The stock markets isn't the economy tho...
Your ratings are in the toilet
#FakeNews by #FakePresident
Has nothing to do with you. And when your gang gets hold of tax and debt policy the markets will a bloodbath.
45 seems to focus upon things like the stock market, which benefits his contributors, and not America's world standing, or the taxpayers
@foxnews no. US market was up before election. Get it right fakenews the illegitimate @realDonaldTrump has done nothing.
Please post trend of all markets in 8 years prior to election - Fauxnews douches!
Fake news
It's great that the policies of our last legitimate President, Obama, are hold through GOP incompetence and dithering. #putinspuppet must go

thanks to @realDonaldTrump Donnald Jtrump for the winning, make ameria great again
Thank you Mr.Presdent @realDonaldTrump for the 1st time in a long time retirement is looking possible. My husband and I are so happy.
Obama had things on a roll. Too bad he couldn't been in office the 2020. Instead of all the crooks in there now that are going to ruin it
Showing markets from 2008 to present will show they have been steadily going up.Trump tries to take credit for Obama and this is nothing new
You forgot to post the video of Krauthammer blaming your incompetence for the failure of the health care plan
No taxation without representation simple what we fought for
10% tax now at 50% tax min wage workers spent Their SSI give #pension to Liars
Yet the dollar is at it's lowest value since the election
Fake news


Actual economic pic DUMBFOX & foreign owner Murdoch ignore to exploit middle class & obtain wealthy tax entitlement programs at US expense.
@potus A reminder that you took an oath to uphold Constitution & serve the people of the United States. You do NOT serve the stock market.
Fox, even uneducated people like yourselves know that "since election" has nothing to do with Trump
Fake news!
Like the GOP had ANYTHING to do with this. Go back to what you do best, Trump fluff pieces.
Thanks Obama!
Is every Dumbcrap and left blind? Just look at stock market! It's been up since Trump was elected .
It is still betting on trump to fulfill campaign promises. I'm afraid we are headed for adjustment. Most Americans are not affected by this.
Listen up DT.Your riding on the great economic wave of Obama. U done NOTHING! Passed zero legislation!All U did was play golf.LOSER!!
Thanks, OBAMA!!!
Fake news brags on Trump stealing from the people again. too bad only the wealthy enjoy Trumpenomics. The rest of us enjoy Credit Slavery!
the great bull runs in stock market history. With Obama as president, the U.S. stock market, as measured by the S&P 500, returned 235%
In SPITE of you
No one likes u Donald...numbers in the tank...in bed with the Russians and u are a failure!!!
Imagine if Trump was even 1 percent normal how high the market would be.
All predicated on a Tax Rework that has not and who knows if it ever will be done means one problem will burst the balloon hurting milioons
Nothing to do with FAKE 45. FAKE NEWS. FAUX NEWS. You should be ashamed at the amount of ass kissing of FAKE 45 and his cronies you do. Sad!

32 million. That means 1 out of every 10 men, women and children in this country will lose their health care. #TrumpCare https://twitter.com/theplumlinegs/status/887784885934579713 …
Why do you attribe this increase to the election?
@showdavida @GloboNews Importante informação sobre a economia americana.

Thank you for the proof that the RICH ARE GETTING RICHER. Please state what you will be doing to address poverty. We are dying to know.
Must be fake news. Trump tweeted about this so it's fake news.
Thanks, Obama.
Nice fake news
@realDonaldTrump greedy people expecting to profiteer off the hard work of the people harmed by you econ&labor policies. Big woo.
People with money are betting that other people with money are going to make more money. Please stop, you're embarrassing yourself and us.
@realDonaldTrump Riding Obama's coat tails.  Gotta sell quick.  The bubble will burst soon.
Those are based on Obama's economic policies, you complete idiots. Trump hasn't been President for very long.
Thanks @BarackObama
Meanwhile ...
Thanks Obama.
Are all those profiting off of this going to share it with those that CANNOT invest due to the cost of living?
My gut instinct says there are some shakers and movers speculating instead of investing in #Our #Country
Surely stock market gains will help millions who stand 2 lose their #healthcare coverage feel so much better. This is only good news 4 rich.
FAKE NEWS
And under Obama the S&P rose 235%. Neither he nor Trump should try taking credit for stock markets.
Liar
And yesterday they were down the most they have been for a long time, when will u stop lying and giving fake facts?
That's awesome for half of Americans. Maybe Republicans can kill off the poor with no health insurance.  Nice job by our employees!



The wealthiest 10% account for 81% of stock value. Market is not a measure of U.S. economic success, but a way for rich to get richer.
Those numbers belong to the previous admin until the new admin releases a budget.
Thank you Obama
Why don't you mentioned how the poll where world has lost confidence in US except Russia? Why is news w/ Fox always only 30% of whole pic?
Msn will never report!
Since Trump has passed no economic bills, all the stock market success is attributable to @POTUS44.
STOCK  MARKET  DOESN'T  MATTER TO  THE MIDDLE  CLASS
This is only meaningful to the very wealthy...like you! 

#TraitorInChief
Change in Unemployment Rate by Party- Since 1945
Watch "Leanne McCrei feat Bob Marley - Rise up & save the world #OneLove" on YouTube
https://youtu.be/eo2FBE-qBWA 
