The world is watching alright. Watching a lunatic lead a country right down the toilet because he isn't as popular as a black man or a woman
Look to Canada for help.  They seem to care about their people!  Ask them how they put together their health plan.
New Delhi Mohalla Clinics are the best options for U.S kindly take a look at it...
Don't give up US citizens the world is watching and we will repeal and replace nut job in the WH. He is  trying to change our constitution.
Yeah blame them
Thank God for you Mr. President, keep after these weak kneed do nothing liars. Millions of us support you 100%.
Don't give up America- the world is watching Repeal & Replace T-RUMP (nuke option)
Repeal & Replace YOU is a great idea.
Force congress to do the right thing: President Trump is right: take away the privilege they get, these perks, shame on them! Lazy swamp!
the world is no longer interested, Donald.
Hey trump it seems that you are so hell-bent on dismantling what Obama has done until you're failing to deal with the REAL problem. N. Korea
You only want the rich to get ricer! Very un-christian of you! Unbelievable!

Geart one,make the US geart again
FAKE NEWS GOING DOWN !!! MAGA #PatriotsUnited #TrumpTrain
Let it go. Now you just look desperate. Let's talk about the human trafficking you appear to be into.
Remember this McCain and use your brain.
You can do it Mccain 


Yes all that republicans do is obstruct and that's all legal
If you want to get back at #senate why not commission a #bipartisan #healthcare workgroup? You would pleasantly shock us all.
HELP! My HI premium has almost doubled in less than 2 years! $400 -$750!
You really are pathetic......
Please resign. You have so much failing that we are tired of failing and looking like a banana republic filled with family and mini DJTs
Also put it in the hands of the people and out of the hands of the government.
Australia has better, your words. Do you ever tweet "the American people deserve better healthcare?" No, you don't. It's always about you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP DOES HAVE INCREDIBLY GOOD JUDGMENT & PATIENCE ANYONE ELSE WOULDVE NAILED MCCAIN FOR HYPOCRISY.


Bless your heart, you have no idea what you're talking about, do you? #gobacktoqueens #WorstPresidentEver
You will always be the WORST president in everything U do. U are a perfect example of me being able to teach my kid HOW NOT TO TREAT OTHERS
Here I fixed it: "Republican senators, instead of fixing what's broken let's just fuck millions of Americans out of affordable health care."
Dude, come on now, just give it up. It's a lost battle. #orangeloser #NotMyPresident
8 yrs. I still don't know what was in R&R. Time for 51 now
The Soros paid trolls are a riot lol keep up the great work, Mr. President!! #MAGA

Hey dummy they didnt 51 votes before, 49 is not 51 so your plan as usual wouldnt have worked

Saludos presidente, Dios lo bendiga
You don't know what you're talking about.  #fail #trumprussia #treason #impeachment #Mueller
Mr. President make America great again: resign!
So you say Jesus doesn't exist?
Well why do you follow his Antistasis of Jesus  and You Obey so well?   Dems are good evil servants
Everyone that was ever born knows God!
No exceptions! 
Also the know truth
But some hearts deny what they already know 
For the Glory of God
The "Glory of God" and donald trump have NOTHING to do with one another. Who Would Jesus Grab?  #moneyLaundering #FakeUniversity #adultery
Do you honestly believe Donald Trump was not God's intervention?President Trump will bring God in all his glory back to our Christian Nation
hes the anti christ right
Obama could very well be the antiChrist. He blinds people with his lies & his charisma! He is owned by Soros who is Satan himself
It's worrying that you use the phrase 'nuke option' so casually. You are a major threat to world peace......
World is watching u turn us into 3rd world country n watching u kill democracy.Time for single payer healthcare system n time to #lockhimup
They should try the medicine they voted years ago! Give them a try of their own soup. No more subsidies for Congress.
51 votes is not the nuclear option, bro. It's the normal process.
#MAGA
Why do you insist on tweeting messages to Senate?  Did they all block your phone number from their phones?
Haven't you learned yet? The Senate no longer feels obligated to your agenda. You have 30% approval meaning most their constituents hate you
Once this girl's testimony is heard, you will be left with no supporters at all...
Bombshell after Bombshell, this President is in for a world of HURT!
Don't all the Trump supporters call it butt hurt?  Is Trump butt hurt?
Ouch!

Don't give up Republican Senators, the World is watching: Repeal &amp; Replace...and go to 51 votes (nuke option), get C...
The "World" is not watching. Countries have their own internal issues. "World" could care less about USA healthcare.
He nothing but a very evil person. He is the devil, and he going to burn in hell very soon.
The world did watch.Sabotage to #ACA after your/@GOP #bigly #FAIL =childish, immature, shows lack of intellect,wholly anger motivated reply.
Yes, the world is watching this murderer trying to murder millions of his own citizens, and of 168,000 of his Veterans.
I wish people would stop and thank, Trump won and Killary lost and that is that' all this cying is not going to change anything at all.
Oh, give it up already . Most Americans support Obamacare.
I love you more than I love chocolate JDT bcos you are real. Wish I can learn to live like you.
Thank you Mr. Trump for fighting so hard for the working class of this great nation. My daughter and I pray for you every night! #MAGA
I support the 44 bipartisan group of congress who are working together to fix The ACA! .@repblumenauer .@repgregwalden .@SpeakerRyan
I do want to believe Mueller is looking at Democrats Russia collusion.
It doesn't surprise me that you have no clue what you are suggesting they do, and the reasons that they shouldn't. You should not be Pres.
So you're basically saying if you don't get your way, just change the rules?
Yes, senators, DO IT.
They are not giving up dude, they are running the F%#& away!
Say It Ain't So!Just reported @SenateMajLdr wants 2 give-in&fix the lie known as Obamacare. @LindseyGrahamSC is right @GOP R,"DumberThanDirt
Voters reject @SenateMajLdr & #ProblemSolversCaucus fixing the lie known as Obamacare. @GOP Congress promised #CleanRepeal #FreeMarket HC.
You are the most delusional person of power.
we could have govt hospitals& govt paid drs in each state for all to use free of cost &free market insurance thru employers

Resign
=
why so angry, Ferbie?  #HairLoss?
PresBubbleButt-you may not have noticed but TrumpCare went down with less than 50 votes.  Stop mucking about the fillibuster.
Hey, jaildonaltrump girly. We finally got a president who actually tells us what's going on & you want him to stop?  A little too much is ok
CONGRESSIONAL MEMBERS GET 72% OF THEIR HEALTH CARE COST SUBSIDIZED! OUR TAX DOLLARS!  MY HEALTH CARE COSTS HAVE SKYROCKETED! END THIS NOW!!!
Hahaha; how did that work out for you?...

The world is wondering why America doesn't have single payer or free Healthcare. Fix the ACA and the world might like you a bit more!
Wake up done in GOP r the swamp time to fight them and stop appeasing . We have to vote them out . Don't sign any bills taken power away
http://conservativefighters.com/obamacare-petition/ … 
Force congress to use Obama care sign petition
did a great job uniting that party and the american people. you dope.
Do what your voters want. Fix ACA. Don't take health ins away. You are evil.
Gross.. why are you still talking.  Sad!
Mr.President when are  you going to sign Russia sanctions bill ???
Your swamp (Congress) is looking really bad-they are the issue in DC. You can't drain that-perhaps you can sift out the RINOs.-bad ones.
Give congress official notice to get H.C.and 
Tax bill done. 30 day or all privileges and paid
H.C. Payments stop.
Impose the Obamacare on Democrat traitors McCaine & Congress. I betcha you'll get your reform!
Are you really that naive to think they would change tradition for you....
Silly man! The world is watching you fail! We #resist
NOW!
Exactly today waited too long w Comey
recommend hiring a copy editor
Taking their medical freebies is a brilliant idea that should have been done long ago!
Maybe when 96 senators wanted Russian sanction authority, it would have been a good time to demand Repeal & Replace along with it
The idiot tweeted again.....some one please take away his electronics!
Who knows of seno homes
Donald it's time to reflect on how you have to go about getting America affordable health care. What is your goal. Erasing Obama ?
Sure the world is watching.  The "leader of the free world" is a trainwreck and everyday brings a new scandal.  #resign
#repealandreplacerinosenators

ACA, improve it, don't remove it!
Have you managed to read their failed plan or the existing one to ascertain the differences?
PLEASE DO NOT QUIT         PRAY FOR PASSING
STOP playing war... Make peace...that's the only Chance for human and Mother earth.
YES
You are disgusting. Thank you John McCain for voting for America healthcare
Nuke option boommmm
Psalms 2:4

“He that sitteth in the heavens shall laugh: the Lord shall have them in derision.”
They're like the old Roman Senate that brought the empire down
Republicans will not support Trumpy's Healthcare bill because they want to get rid of Trumpy NOT Obamacare 
FIX and FUND the ACA!
WANT  anything  too help people to come to  Canada  I know  I am so happy  OurPM is so hot
i super fuckin hate u
you really should pick uo Government for dummies.  Did you know holding the pen is not how you pass legislation?
There are other important things for them to do. Smarten up
1) Ins sales aross state lines, must repeal ins co anti-trust exemption so we'll have real competition, else cross state sales won't matter.
YOU. DON'T. HAVE. THE. VOTES. Lay off of our healthcare. Why don't you stop taking so many vacations and crack a civics textbook instead?
Not like someone under 65years old are laziest and take our tax to get free or lowest health care without working!!!!
For God's sake give this up for now.. Is this all that matters?? Good God man get with it! Korea, Iran, Russia, Sign sanctions, tax reform..
The world has been watching & they all think you're loosing your mind!
Can't beat them, change the rules dick head. #DammitDonald
The world is kicking billions off health care, when will we join them??
But it was all Obama REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
What is wrong with you? Why do you want millions of people to lose healthcare? Why sabotage the ACA? Fix it & end this!
We are and we are so grateful for them doing what is right and not folding for your "mean" bill
One exzectitave order striping Congress of guaranteed health insurance and make them buy insurance like the average person, and no more mess

The lobbyists corrupted them. They are sickening. Time to repeal and replace these idiot senators
single payer insurance for all no tax breaks for top 1% on the backs of poor elderly disable and veterans try sleeping
Medicare for all.
The world is watching and laughing on these incompetent bastards leaded by the worst president without any respect in US history...:) Lol...

The only way you know how to lead - via dictatorial mode
Too bad! So sad! Ha ha.
President Trump you are going to need to go directly to the American people.  Go around the Senators that aren't supporting you.
AGAIN YOU ARE NOT LISTENING TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!!!  WE WANT OBAMACARE!!  JUST MAKE IT BETTER. LETS MEET AND TALK!!! #45BULLY
Stop Congress's healthcare subsidy. Let them experience ObamaScare!
The world doesn't give a rat's ass about your little charade
So weak. Everyone now agrees.
"Cross state lines" means states cannot set their own minimum standards. Are you wingnuts against states rights again?
@salvatoreharker
It's not time to move on. It's time to press against the left!
Do it Republicans. It's about time you did something right.
ARE YOU KIDDING?
Seriously? Only 12% of the country wants you to get rid of the Affordable Care Act!
Nobody wants your horse shit Trumpcare. Get over it!
You are saying you believe in One Party Rule, like the Communist do. Us Democrats deserve a say also. Were shunned in health debate
Dont say nuke
Just go away already. You're not fit for this, Donny. Go back to filing bankruptcies and not paying people.
Please check out Israel's healthcare policies for ideas. May be helpful. USA healthcare must not hurt low income seniors.. we voted for you!
They just swat you like an annoying fly.
Let's repeal and replace the President. The one that lost by 3.5 million votes. Sad!
The world is watching YOU @POTUS make a damn ass out of America.
For the love of God, never give this (insert whatever you want to call him) the ability to decide if we bomb anyone, ever.
Tomorrow is not soon enough.  Taking your time is alot of bull.
Mr. Trump I had Obamacare when I could not afford insurance any where else. It worked for me! Not sure what u are reading or hearing?
Please make them live under what we all do. If you don't they'll just put something else together that will be another peace of CR_P.
Unfair!
Oh, God... folks, he mentioned "nuke!"
Your finished bluto
Go away "45", and stay away.
You don't even know how Government works. You're Putin's girl, you Fake President.
It made us so scare! A stupid thing ever in a freedom and awesome country. O-care was lie us -middle class and Hard working
They will never do it, weak! Repeal Congress healtcare exemption. Let them feel our pain! They work 4 us, not the other way
Just give up. Don't listen to him. It's embarrassing.
we want repeal and replace and nothing else.  dems have a plan to eventually give us single payer by saying they want 2 work with repubs-lie
#BankFraudBernie

CANADA CARE
@SenSanders @SenateMajLdr @PRyan @SenSchumer 

FULL RPT
https://www.fraserinstitute.org/sites/default/files/waiting-your-turn-wait-times-for-health-care-in-canada-2016.pdf …
#MAGA MAKE AMERICA GAY AGAIN
Cookoo for Cocopuffs.
#LiarTrump
They think you are a joke just like your Daddy did. You do not deserve their respect and you do not have it.
