tour now as bad as Bernie.  I'm sorry I voted for you.
@Trump_Regrets @realDonaldTrump don't ever put Donald and Bernie in the same context. Bernie actually has sense. #imsorryyoudid2
#whoaskedyou
YOU did, when you post a public tweet. #youtriedit
I mean you in particular.  Bernie is the Ross Perot of your generation. Means well but nutso
so stop speaking #alternativefacts ... and my answer still holds #YOUdid
Thank you for sounding like DT.  Feel better?
if I do, then I should run for POTUS #46 so you can vote for me #dumbazz #comical #youreboringme
u tell them donald!!! The medai and dems are all liars!!!
oh for Christ's sake. How are your heel spurs, draft dodger? You were fine playing sports in your fancy private school.
Is see this stirred up the loony haters. Most of which would not fight for the country if needed.
To bad u did mention his name when u were in Vietnam. I'm sure they would have remembered him.
Too bad u did not mention his name when u were in Vietnam. I'm sure they would have remembered him.
Sen.Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie),now misrepresents what Jud...
.@realDonaldTrump What did you during Vietnam war? Blumenthal was in the Marine Reserves. You did NOTHING for anyone but yourself.
and what the hell did you do?
What did you do?
President Bozo was a draft dodger. Let's just say he'd be a much better person if he'd served.
Obama wasn’t in the military!
well done Mr Trump
Aren't you a draft dodger?
Did you serve in Vietnam? No, bone spurs, right?
Aren't you the guy who was too chicken-shit to serve, and got five deferments? And you're calling out other people?
@POTUS you seem to forget, Blumenthal was MAN ENOUGH to apologize, say sorry, and tell the truth - WHEN WILL YOU DO THAT?
From somebody who dodged the draft how many times?
You had no courage and got 5 deferments for a fake ailment. I would avoid all talk of war if your smart. Nevermind--you're not!!
Why no National Healthcare Market?  Why no HSA's?  Make health insurance like all other types on insurance! Start over!
stop lying 
Insult Watch: when cornered, always insult!
You know who else never fought?
What did you do in Vietnam Donald?
How's your bone spurs?
Like the pot calling the kettle black. You're a certified DRAFT DODGER WTF do you know?
And around and around it goes
the pot calling the kettle black.  Really?
U nor Gorsuch ever served our military!!! Gorsuch is an A Hole integrity to steal a man's job because of PARTY PROSTITUTES!
.@realDonaldTrump BITE ME, goddamn hippocrite.
recently joined LegalShield as Independent Associate.
#join LegalShield#www.legalshieldassociate.com/ernestc
Fair enough but you claim you avoided STDs during that time. If true then "didn't you do well" if not, then GREAT!
Hey Trump do you get any royalty from CNN that's all I see trump this trump that no other News lol
My daughter is a Sgt in the USMC, exhusband father bro gpa all Marines Can you tell us what branch you served in? #wimp
Rest In Peace Devildog. 
if I were u I would NOT even mention Vietnam!!! We ALL are competely aware that u dodge the draft while others died!!
If I were you, I would avoid pointing out a lack of combat service during Vietnam.
aren't you a draft dodger?
@PrinceReebusRNC heel spurs?
Gorsuch just said it again today for all of us to hear.. you lie A LOT!!!
@purebalence Trump you have NO room to talk! You're a draft dodger of FIVE times!!!! COWARD!!!!!!!!
My nephew joined the Marines and is being made to pay for his blues out of pocket!!
Blumenthal says " Vietnam  ERA" not active Vietnam.  You can't cut and paste things people say.
I'm sorry you pooped your pants today. What size diaper do you wear? No one is fooled . You clearly have a tiny penis
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/how-to-remove-political-posts-from-your.html …
You have no problem with throwing people under the bus for lies you say You have told more lies than anyone can count now
And you never served our country in the military...college deferments? Who do you think you are to speak against others?
Judge Gorsuch confirmed he said it. Might be worth listening, and considering why he might say such a thing.
Coming from a draft dodging coward who got out of going to Vietnam by claiming a bogus disability while playing sports
You didn't fight in Vietnam, either. You got five deferments. Sad!
@TeamTrumpRussia Judge Gorsuch is a Very Smart Judge who would NEVER say anything Political! Lying Dems will Say BS!!
Sen.Richard Blumenthal, should be run out of office WHEN HE LIED FOR THE 10th TIME!!!! HE'S A STOOGE.
How many hours have you spent on the links Mr. Golfer-in-Chief?
says the warrior president who got how many deferments to avoid fighting in Viet Nam?
The so called Judge Gorsuch found it "disheartening and demoralizing" when you blabbered about about a "so called judge".
I do not recall your ever serving in Vietnam.
a mano a mano your man trying to make a change and I get it
yep the enemedia 's  to misrepresent info. Glad you tweet directly to us! Doing a great job President Trump!
just keep trying President Trump. Hopefully these negative souls will open their eyes.
big talk coming from a man who paid money to avoid the draft
Give us Blumenthal any day. He outshines you.
Let me guess, you hate liars, right?
says the draft dodger.
@Swee2thMc 
           Maybe it's all the Agent Orange he    didn't inhale!?
YOU are the liar....defered from Vietnam like most rich kids.
no more mergers of big companies .it takes away from small bussinesses being able to compete
neither did you
drain the swamp!
Thanks for all you do Mr. President.
He is a liar and a Valor thief.  Hey libtard, go fight now. Absolve yourself of your lies. Take Warren the Cherokee too
You have a lot of room to talk Trump! You avoided Vietnam and Korea, you louse! Not everyone's President!
did you not lie to get out of going to Vietnam???
True. He served in the USMC reserve '70-76. Never overseas.
Blumenthal has told his lie so long he believes it.
FAT
keep tweeting and exposes the haters. Don't let them block your account reinstate flynn.
It's amazing how liars can so quickly point out other's lies. Like pointing it out makes you look honest.
if judge Gorsuch hasn't said than he is not a judge just a puppet of you
#ReleaseYourTaxes  and @SenBlumenthal has spent years fighting for what is right!!!
and you did, right?
Together w/ those 2lady Sens who voted against Devos. Will remember these ppl come election day! @Reince
You forgot a space between the comma and "now," Mr. President, as well as one between the period and "Richard."
Deliberate lies in the news or by the news should be a criminal offense. Stop lies to bring America back together.
HE IS A WORM!
mr Trump please keep our country'S security in the Whitehouse and not in Florida!
Obamacare added a new sting in 2016 failure to notify (by phone) will result in a $1500 tax penalty
that is change in income, 401k disp. ETC
U-the draft dodger has no right to comment. UR 1st mission UNNECESSARILY COST US AN AMERICAN LIFE w/3 wounded. U slept. SAD
Judge Gorsuch's people confirmed Blumenthal...
and what did you do in Vietnam?  bend over and squeal?
You never served in the military, so who are you to talk. Sounds a bit  like a coward to me.
Annnnnnnd we're back!
as a 5 time draft dodger, u should really keep quiet. BTW- worry about ur own lack of credibility.
#notmypresident #resist
Only reason to be afraid of investigation? Something to HIDE! The truth can make you FREE!
Clean up your lies and your administrative lies (Flynn) before you point fingers. You received 5 passes on Vietnam...
Pot and kettle.Good lord, do you listen to yourself? How many deferments?  Resign already!
you didn't fight either. So what's the big deal. You only fight on Twitter.
How can such a fraud be a senator in this great nation on God's green earth?
seriously? You of all people questions someone's military service? WOW
Neither have you remember your dad got you a deferment but I guess that's  not true Right?
President we true Americans appreciate all you do for us. You met me Nov 4 2016. You told me you would not forget me,
did you even serve during the Vietnam war?  No?  Then shut up!  Cannot believe you lead military! My son is a Marine!
you never thought anywhere either.
That double standard hard at work.
And your Vietnam record? Choose your tweets carefully. The media wants to know about Flynn what YOU knew and when. Bye
*@blumhouse
his original claim was he did deploy
SoTypical Washington Politics! Sen. Blumenthal should resign on that lie!!
once again, you got your facts wrong.  Apparently, you cannot read as well.
Blumenthal is Dem. Does what benefits him, not the people. I only heard him say it 1x about Nam & he later corrected it.
said the confirmed draft dodging coward, donald trump...
And how many deferments did you get?
says the Biggest Liar of Them All
Lock Trump up. Liar, traitor, Russian patsy maker, LOCK HIM UP!!!
You gotta dump that old hag  Anne Conaway?
How about you, you are a good lier also. Look in the mirror
You are so appreciated 4 telling the truth! This country has been lied 2 for so long, most of it can't even recognize truth
I hail from Oildale. You learn real fast the not everything is not what it seems. Talking to Goats. Lot of secrets!
say you, the war/military/draff dodger.
Dollhands, you are a DRAFT DODGER and #LiarAndThief.

#HypocrisyMuch
Dear bone spur in ur foot president,wasn't this ur excuse 2 run away from the draft-but it didn't stop u playing sports hmm
sad to loose General Flynn
stop spreading FAUX News!
the only reason I am now hopeful about Gorsuch is because he was so honest about you.
And what did Gen. Flynn tell you? Resign now to spare our nation! Ur not up to the job, don't drag us down!
Not everyone was able to get away with 5 deferments - so pot meet kettle. Both equally bad.
And you never served your country, because you were a privileged coward
he is a pathological liar
If you focus hard you could learn to write in such a way that others might understand you. #HelpfulHints #iCare
Love my President!  I had two Brothers that fought in Vietnam, it's a Shame to Hear a Man Boast of Something He Never Did.
look who is calling the kettle black. How is you bone spur, see it doesn't get in the way of golfing, mr. Coward.
At least Sen. Blumenthal served his country in the military Mr. Draft Dodger!!!!
Blumenthal is an idiot and CT keeps voting for him, but not me!
you did not serve! Said one veteran!
the Mar A Lago snafu is a new low of stupidity. Congrats.
show him your Purple Heart Medal Don...you fought with bravery in Nam..your country loves you hugely!
Yeh, you know what "(major lie)" is, you are so damn good at it! So help me God, you have even perfected it!
so says someone who's from a family 7 generations of which have never served for their country
shut up
Says the man who dodged the draft.
do you know how to read?
@FrankieRusso1This is what the communist left do to Destroy AmericaThey keep lying until someone believes them"traitors"
Mr.President, I wish to work for you. I'm a GS-11 in Education and Counseling. Please let me know what I may do for you.
Did you fight in the Vietnam war????
YOU should know about getting out of military service. #LiarInChief #hypocrisyinaction
no surprise...he's a Democrat after all!
hey neither did you, fight in....any war. #Draftdodger #bonespurMYass and you lie bigly, daily.  You should be buds then...
we should look into all lies spoken by Blumenthal  deny him a senator seat he will have ZERO TO SAY
still lying
he didn`t misrepresent anything
HE went in to the service. Unlike you
#Rezapahlavi ,,,,
.@realDonaldTrump You never served in Vietnam either. You're a yellow-bellied draft dodger.
