I think an orange jumpsuit will look fantastic against your orange-sprayed skin!
Amazing night for you Donald. Really amazing. You're doing great. Really. Have a great vacation.
Can senators jump ship like that or are there different rules? We need to lose the defectors and replace them with new blood #MAGA
This is how you show Islamic leaders that you're willing to pay Ransom four hostages.
Keep kicking tail. These haters are weaker than ever.
The best part of yesterday was hearing that Russian investigation is moving forward with a grand jury.... USA USA USA
I wouldn't measure anything by your rally i a poor and mostly uneducated state
Thank you for fighting for us!!! We are standing with you! #prayers 
Fake News!!! $1 million spent on a Feel Good rally, what a waste of taxpayer's money. Can't pass any significant legislation so have a rally
Wouldn't it be nice if pep rallies translated into any policy or legislation for you? Only major piece you signed was sanctions. Pathetic.
You do realise you ARE the president - you don't need to keep having campaign rallies. How about doing your job before the cuffs lock
Crowds and enthusiasm were beyond what, Lyin' Donnie?  All the criminal investigations got your tongue?  You're not making sense.
they were crowds of people coming out to see the first president who will be kicked from office
You literally only have months to go... 99.9% indictment rate....
Mueller is seek no an indictment.  You know he is!  You will go down like the dumpster fire you are
The great thing is that Pence and Ryan will go down too and the elecection will be deemed illegitimate
Keep dreaming while you are awake. Or are you?
We don't trust your version of crowds anymore. SAD
kinda arrogant thinking that the whole country agrees with you
The whole bloody world agrees that Trump' is a moron!
arrogant and ignorant..
I know he is! It makes me wonder why the fools voted for him
smh, you just doubled down and proved my already proven point again
One would think you have better things to do than campaign rallies and vacationing on the American dime, all while Mueller is coming for you
Fox News: WHEN TRUMP FARTS, WE BLAME THE DOG


This health care expert explains why Obamacare isn't 'failing, it's being sabotaged' 
A Democrat governor known for his flip-flopping isn’t news.

You should stop campaigning after winning.

Mueller is coming for you!
Meanwhile, you've cost taxpayers $51,244,974.58 to support your fancy lifestyle. http://trumptax.me 
Oh Donald.....
...sigh....
Hats Off to All Of Your Peaceful Supporters!!!And to The Governor of W.V. Wise Choice!!
Strong jobs report for July, as stock market continues to hit all-time highs. Economy numbers up since the election - #MAGA agenda! 
President Trump, stay on Social Media - it drives the Fake News Media insane! It's so powerful. You get the truth out to millions each day!

you mean the Republican who turned Dem for 1 yr went back to his home?
And your approval ratings is at % 33 and no where to go down
You made fun of a overweight man last night that's all! You make fun of everyone who you see that is not normal, u r  
The only fake is Donald Trump.  Totally unfit to be our President.  I never thought that I would live long enough to see someone like this

A friendly reminder that Obama had the best crowds! USA! USA! USA!
A friendly reminder that Hillary Clinton won the popular vote! USA! USA! USA!
65,844,610 - 5,000,000 = 60,844,610
Sad. 
Just like everything else you post pumpkin. Full of lies and distortions.
That was mean spirited and I apologize.  You are entitled to believe as you wish.

Seriously… This guy spends so much time on Fox News, playing golf, tweeting, or blocking people on Twitter… No wonder he gets nothing done.

trump hasn't passed a budget so that surplus isn't from him, no legislation passed, obama pledged the 100m to flint last year
Still trying to hang onto your glory days on the campaign Trail?  

Guess What Donnie, There is a Grand Jury Now!!
You have yet to do a single thing for our Economy.  You can say what you want but the Good Economy is OBAMA's Doing!
Another KABOOM!

http://ir.net/news/politics/126520/report-trump-allegedly-procured-young-girls-russian-organized-crime/ …
This is how you stare down an Enemy by the way!
Instead you praise the monster as he criticizes you.  Hilarious and sad!

Yep, we'll impeach that middle finger, and all the rest of him, too!  I'm eagerly awaiting you meme response...

are   you   intersted   in  the   illuminati   brotherhood
are you intersted in the illuminati
brotherhood if you do contact this
number on
+2347088994328
West Virginia was incredible last night. Crowds and enthusiasm were beyond, GDP at 3%, wow!Dem Governor became a Republi...
Hi
Keep delivering your message directly to the American people. We respect your honesty and transparency! #MAGA

The left is in full panic mode right now & have no answer to our growing movement. They'll continue to obstruct & lose more congress spots!
Everyday more Americans are seeing through the lefts lies & deception. You're the first president to consistently deliver on your promises.
33% approval rating the last time I looked, probably lower by now.
When you poll only Democrats 38 % is pretty good. You have Democrat Governors switching to Republican because of Democrat lies
My grandma uses your last name as a word for fart
That was amazing to have a Dem Gov switch to Rep! The Dems too focused on fake Russia & this is hurting our country.
Justice, the governor, was a Republican until 2015. He only switched to being a Democrat to get elected.
"DEM governor became a REPUBLICAN last P.M." u are DELUSIONAL (August 4, 2017; 6:35 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Support! Support! Support!
That's all I can say from a working family in Nevada!! We believe in you.
He was already practically a republican he was a democrat for the opportunity to get elected. He has always been a republican.
We already have too many democratic republicans . This guy is a swamp dwellor like the rest of the fake republicans . They just want power.
mr president this is OVER (August 4, 2017; 6:35 EDT) #Election2016 #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Hope a lot more Governor's come to their senses.
I hope more people learn when to use apostrophes.
I hope more people can't see how petty they are, cuz we can see it.
are   you   intersted   in  the   illuminati   brotherhood   if   you   do   contact   this   number   on   whatsapp   +2347030263748   or   email   mark86231@gmail.com
This needs to happen more often and would if more democrats wise up.
Thank you, Pres. Trump.  God Bless you for fighting for Montana.
You are doing a great job. Don't worry about Mueller.God has you as the President, only HE CAN REMOVE YOU. You are not going anywhere.
FAKE !!!
delete
Winning!
You're an utter failure!
He Got SAaaaaaved from the Evils of Democrats and Welcomed into the #CULT of #PUTINS TRUMP
it is interesting that your supporters believed you during campaign that those numbers were fake. Now they believe them. Hm
TRAITOR.
have you noticed they're booking smaller and smaller venues for your absurd rallies? popularity falling might have something to do with it 
Dem Gov was fake, went back to Republican was his plan all along. Opioids daze made them vote for him and you!
So sad.  You should stop rallying and start DOING YOUR JOB.
#IYATRUMPYAS #Trump2020

THE DAY YOU GET IMPEACHED YOU'LL SEE CROWDS IN THE STREETS. PARTY
trump left WH for 17 day vacation (now totaling 75 days out of 195 since FEB) without press conference (sneaked out).
I heard you claim there were no Russians in PA. You lied -- I share a mountain with them. #TrumpLies #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump #resist
More Jim Jones koolaid dispensed in West Virginia! I heard the Governor had a religious moment and denounced his previous faith? Right?
Hey, how come the crowd is all white?
Probably one example of where the wanker was actually wanking in public... well, more than normal.
my 5 year old niece is smarter than you. Would make a better president.
Still delusional. How sad.
When will you be having a "rally" in NYC?

Sure....#Delusional #ImpeachTrump #prison
I saw pictures of the crowd, sparse!
Who cares about West Virginia. Bring them to the 21st century if you're going to do something
Stop spending tax money to fly to the FEW PLACES U Still have a few fans! We are sick of it, and we are sick of you!

Fake news.    GOP turned Democrat to get election turns back to GOP.  Don't let the door hit either of you in the ass on the way out....
You do know there's a huge difference between 2.6 and 3.0% GDP don't you? No, you don't. My bad.
supporter surgeon  convinced fraud unnecessary surgery falsifying records license suspended so 1 supports U Telling SAD
Oh sure.
It's time to take down North Korea before they get more nukes ,,,, General Douglas MacArthur new we should have finished them back in the da
#Democrats cannot hide.
Thank you, true President & Patriot @BarackObama


Treasonous & Illegitimate @realDonaldTrump
#Meglomaniac
You did a great job.  Talked them into more stagnation, more sickness, more poverty and failing schools.  $29000 a year average?
Mr. President when are you going to support the NRA and the rest of the Americans on the second amendment special in California
And your approval rating is the lowest in History 33%
Open international pharmaceutical markets now - start cost war; reduce premiums
Trump is the most ignorant president of all time, no knowledge of what former POTUSes thought, did. #WitlessTrump
I watched with a full and renewed heart! My POTUS MADE ME PROUD! All of us that  and respect you & UR family will make you proud! Promise!
Gullible fool. All he spouts is #Trumpoganda, and you swallow it hook, line and sinker.

Glad u got your daily fix in the state in which I was born.
U ought to build that wall around yourself an w.Virginia. that would keep America safe
I don't hear you trumpeting the fall of the dollar.
Gee, I didn't know you were still campaigning. Another vanity rally to soothe your fragile ego? SAD. Your base is NOT the entire country.
1/2 I especially liked the sign "Buy American, Made in America p" you hypocrite who has all of his junk made in China and other countries
2/2 but NONE made in USA. The same goes for your daughter and her junk. Bigly SAD, HYPOCRITE
That was awsome! Leave health care to the states please.
I loved it all including the man behind you in the red hat, hey, I know him and used to work with him I think...
NO one CARES!
A traitor just like U & your entire family/administration
Enjoying yet another vacation. Oh sorry "working vacation". Are you working on policy? Or are you working with your lawyers again on Russia?
Hey jerk, China will eat our lunch on renewable energy  cuz u like 2lie 2 former coal miners and not do Paris agreement...just to get votes.
Pres O GDP hit 3% 8 times. So no big deal loser!! As for your "campaign" speech...is your poor moral all better now? lolol what a loser U R!
And Republican governors support Dems...
As an independent I'm just sickened to see the way the Democrats are carrying on about an election that they lost.

AGAIN YOU ONLY TALK TO YOUR BASE CONSTITUENTS BUT NOT TO ALL THE AMERICAN PEOPLE! YOU DEFINITELY ARE DIVIDING THE PEOPLE AND THE COUNTRY!
Your rallies are bizarre.  Reminiscent of darkest days in Germany.  Do you pay those people to attend?
Please do one weekly!
Let's lower retirement age to 50. Then the new generation will have jobs. That would mean we can enjoy our older years, like we should.
That gov changes parties more frequently than he does his underwear, so no big catch.
You need Trey Gowdy over your Justice Dept. He is excellent! Jeff Sessions is lovable, but not cut out for the job, not a leader.
Puppet crowd, puppet president. So who do you worry about most Putin dropping the dirt?Mueller or Schneiderman finding it all? #RICO
what did trump threaten or pay to flip WV governor from Dem to R? He  will be written as traitor in annals of history. 30 pieces of silver
But the Russia cloud is here until the truth comes out.
my friend, I trust you won't succumb to belief in cheerleaders. Ask who's right about the current issue, they always have the same answer.
Always WV, cuz no other state is behind you ANYMORE!!
Keep up d rebuilt of damage done to America by former President Obama's Govt
FAKE NEWS about the governor changing parties!!!!!!!!!
WOW, you got another good old boy southern racist on the GOP, shocker? LOL You are such a fool! What's this vacation costing real taxpayers?
He used to be one anyway and so not really a true Dem. losers.
YES grt night.USA insist POTUS replaced Mitch M.FAILED http://ldrshp.seek  New GOP LDR.R&R OCARE failed due Mitch.same PPL same results
Go to a state you didn't win. But that won't happen; no adoring sheeple here in Cali so we won't have to put up with your circus
You bashed #obama uncle Tom ass for Going on vacation....now you going on a 17 day vacation 
What are you paying him
WV - wake up and smell your coal dust that will result in your death from "black lung" pneumoconiosis disease! Don't buy the Trump. GOP lies
I watched a news report tonight about China, India & other nations heavily moving forward w/ renewable energies. U want to regress w/ coal.
It would be nice if you would take a break from campaigning long enough to actually govern for a while.
Republican to Democrat to Republican.    He can't seem to make up his mind.
West Virginia is one of our most troubled states due to a lack of social services. Provide more than empty promises.
Does #Trump know what "GDP at 3%" means? He probably means "GDP growth."
Suggest he does a bit of fundamentalist Christian conversion therapy ... although that's been shown to be crap as well
NO ONE LIKES YOU
Approval rating 33%. Total loser. Obama was a much better @POTUS and sooo much more popular than you. #Trumprussia

The governor will lose his job for kissing your Ass too the crowd was about 5,000 people that's minimum people fix their opioids problem sir
TRUMP PLEASE STAY IN OFFICE AMERICA NEEDS YOU NOW MORE THAN EVER
TRUMP-LOVES APPLAUSE, APPLAUSE, APPLAUSE
Talk about a traitor. I have to wonder what kind of man says to himself, "I think I'll betray the people who put me in office today."
Go to the poor and illiterate places, they still believe your BS
WV drank the Kool Aid. If they can awaken from their stupor, you will be  toast. Bad fat boy white toast.
You will go down!
Love to watch your rallies.
Donnie boy; It's not just 65% of Americans laughing at you, it's the entire world! Fool. #Trump
The swamp has alligators in it. Examine their past.
Stop campaigning. Well wait - at least that keeps yo from trying to govern.....
Fat 
#MAGAParty must defeat Sen. Manchin. You, Mr. President, can lead that effort.
