I'm losing popularity every single day. I need my rabid base more than ever 2 stick by me. hmmm, what else can I tweet 2 keep them happy?
... oh, I know,I'll brag about how I do more for Puerto Rico than anyone else. My base will buy that load of crap because as I said before,
... they're dumber than a box of rocks. Hmmm, now what to do about the rest of American's (the Real Americans). Oh, I know, I'll give KJU a
.... a nickname to make them hate him. Let's see, RocketMan... yep, that ought to do it. Wait, WTF? now, they're complaining that I gave him
... him a cool name and he's tagged me with a terrible name "DOTARD". Gosh, I have to take the heat off of me.... I know, I'll pretend like
... like a patriot and call those NFL players taking a knee in a peaceful protest Sons of Bitches... That should to the trick... Bingo, that
.... that fired up my base real good and may have even fired up some Real American's. Whew, the heat is off of me & my incompetence &
... corruption for a bit. Taking their mind off of the fact that I'm ignoring the Russian Sanctions & pretending that I'm not under invest-
People usually say things are "very much under control" when nothing is under control, at all. Just saying.
You are golfing again and we still don't have a head of homeland security. Nothing but chaos in your administration. Resign
The ramblings of an in over his head madman, trying to convince himself he's got this. We don't believe you do either. Sad! #Trumprussia
While you spend your 69th day at a golf course "working hard". Tweeting insanity trying to distract America from the #YUGE failure in the WH
yes trump
With all due respect, I am offended by the storm being named after me. I respectfully submit alternatives, Maxine, Nancy, Chuck, Pocohontis.
ANY voter who knows what makes U tick, @POTUS, also knows U have EVERYTHING under control!
I don't know or care what anyone else thinks I am proud to have a president that speaks directly to us if it scares you well too bad
I think a boycott on the media would be a good thing the far left dominates most of the media and the far-right dominates Fox
You seem annoyed at Mother Nature. You should fire her. Better yet...try grabbing her by the...well you know.
When u say “very much under control” I don’t believe you. Why is that?
You have nothing under control.  More than 50% of this country hates you.  #FakePresident
Do NOT bail Moonbeams ass out ! Change his ways, will c who pays !! His help went up in smoke when he signed sanctuary state papers.
45 ... I challenge you to match, out of your own pocket, the $ 250 thousand you made us spend on your publicly stunt to disaster relief
Trump IS 2 start WWIII Doesn't anyone remember during the campaign Trump was at one of his rallies he stated "I love war, I can't help it"
Trumps 2020 running slogan is "whaaaa whaaaa I'm telling my mommy!"
Thanks again Mr President. #MAGA #Trump2020 
Florida never received FEMA money for hurricane Matthew yet from Trump admin! Been over a year already. Where is it Trump? In your pocket??
NOTHING in your convoluted administration is "under control."  Corker said it best, a "day care center." A bunch of man-babies in a sandbox.
I pray for America, may God help them. God bless America.
From Carmen Cruz:
Increasingly painful to undestand the american people want to help and US Gov does not want to help. WE NEED WATER!
Ok, so tell that to the hundreds of thousands of people still without power and safe drinking water. #PuertoRico
There's nothing about your shoddy administration that's under control. You're sick and you're dragging us all to ruin with you.
@Vanessa1971 TRUMP says your people are fine and does not tell TRUTH! He dues not tell of disease spreading, hungry? #ImpeachTrump
did you forget Ca. I know you have a lot todo planning different stuntsBitching about NFL.throwing nice soft  paper towels around
And yes, bitching about the NFL is nearly a full time job, that and watching Fox News.
you are out of control.
Tell Mel to put her flood heels on and pack up your t-shirt/ paper towel launcher. The people need you.

It’s funny that you say yet again. Is it a good time to talk about climate change yet?
88% of Puerto Rican customers are without electricity
74% in the U.S. Virgin Islands are without electricity
This is under control?
In Flint 15 high ranking government employee where indicated and found guilty.
So what have you given us? Not even your taxes.
People are DYING AND @realDonaldTrump AND @fema JUST DO NOT CARE https://twitter.com/lucianrandolph …
Thank you President Trump! YOU & FEMA ARE Amazing! YOU ALL Deserve More Respect Than Can Be Given! May God Bless and Protect You All! 
Thank you, @POTUS !
Aka No fucking idea what is happening?
Yet again, people are doing jobs, must seem totally ridiculous to someone like you
We all Appreciate your work, president trump
how the fuck do you sleep at night??
You are not captain of the Enterprise. Saying it doesn't make it so. #PuertoRico
Pray for all the good people in our country#MAGA
My 14 year old keeps stating that POTUS talks and writes like a 12 year old.
Ur a liar

Save Biafran now Donald Trump. Remember injustice anywhere is injustice everywhere. Biafrans will stand with the USA at all time if helped.
BULL SHIT!
yeah.Is that right. your about to receive a news flash. articles of impeachment are ready. I want to see u cry
and say its fake. your crazy.
But no help for Puerto Rico who are in so much more trouble. Very much out of control.
Without power until next yr isn't "under control" you sad little twerp.
The truth comes out each day, placing a disclaimer on the forehead of a man who thinks he can lead.
FEMA, Find Every Mexican Available.... to help in a bad situation.
REAL PATRIOTS WHO DON'T HAVE THE NEED FOR FLAG WAVING TO COMPENSATE FOR LIITLE THINGS.
CC:@CarmenYulinCruz
They are LITERALLY dying. VETS are pleading for more than 6 bottles of water & a snack pack per family. F*CK YOU Don
I'm not sure what it will be but I am sure Trump haters will twist it into something evil after all that's all they know how to do
so called,ONLY thing under control these days-Mr M getting closer to throwing you in your teeny cell-we will give u 1 roll of paper towels
Under control? Are you serious! You don't even have the WH under control.


Today FEMA said they ignore the mayor of San Juan, the one that is trying to save lives.  Shame on our government!
Bullshit
Keep up the great work making America great again! We are with you 100%. Good job Mr. President! USA USA USA USA !! #AmericaFirst!
Sure. You are delusional....and fooling only the fools.
Another #TrumpFail brought to you by Trump
#TrumpIsAMoron
What about Puerto Rico sicko Psycho!

Firefighter FIRED for ‘Racial Insensitivity’ After Bringing in a Watermelon.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Os8TKN0cY7g … 
If he wasn't so emotional maybe he could be a president damn never seen a man of his riches so emotional
You are under investigation for colluding with Russia. Traitor
Bull shite- they still don’t have drinking water! You are a shameful self promoter! Impeach Trump!
Puerto Rico may be under control, but YOU'RE not. 
Would that you and your thumbs were under control
Well, sure, it wasn't hard bc U could JUST DRIVE there; them easy one's always R under control.  It's just the REAL HARD one's that get U!
You are a LIAR and a fake!
It is sad how many failed DemocRAT municipalities think FEMA are First Responders to replace their failed efforts!
4 hurricanes hit the US by "coincidence," nothing to do with man-made climate change. Is that the though process behind this?
Just left the Keys. Lots of work still to be done. What do you think about getting our inmates out there to help?

Trump has the body of a Dutch woman
Right just like you DID NOT DO for PR Trump. PR still suffering due to Trump's failures like trump has failed always Trump fails loser. SAD
So delusional
Mike Pence's Political Stunt Trip to the Game Cost $242,000

$242,000 could have housed & fed 8 homeless vets for an entire year. #NOTMAGA
Is Puerto Rico under control as well?
The United States is the hope of mankind, God bless the United States

As spoken from the golf course. Golfer in Chief!!! @SenateGOP @maddow @seanhannity @nytimes @SenJohnMcCain @POTUS @MSNBC @FoxNews @CNN
https://www.facebook.com/cliff.ayres1/posts/10204224048837400 …
Don't forget, you are not playing Star Trek. Saying it doesn't make it so. #PuertoRico #adultdaycarecenter

Cry Me A River!! You Mean the Civilians and Volunters... Will they Get Paper Towels 
Yes, they work very hard and you just blow hard!  Worst president ever.  Please resign so America can move forward!  NOT MAGA AT ALL!

Those who can do, those who can't talk. Thank goodness we have you not Obama as President to handle these crises. He'd talk us to the grave
And the people .yet again are suffering ..show some humanity for the love of God man ... please start being a kind human not picking fights

hurricanes hit where your golf courses are. Why don't you go play on your southern course?
哟
(Yet again) you make it sound like this is an inconvenience. (Yet again) you are making this about yourself.
What about #PuertoRico? They're #Americans too! What are you doing for them, other than tossing paper towels at them? #racist
I am grateful for all the help you have provided on so many fronts. Good job!

Man, if lies were poop ... #resignalready
The irony of this statement should not be lost on anyone. A certain section of his voter base are the certain folks who believe FEMA is an evil 'shadow government' and wants to kill millions.

You haven't got one right yet, so here's hoping. Fourth time is a charm?

And this doesn't say she's under current FBI investigation, unlike the president and his administration - also under special counsel Mueller's investigation where his former campaign manager has been charged. You should learn to read, sunshine.
killing NK president. the war off.and. the country stop to bother  U.S.A  so simple ..he is the problem ..
Tes moche tes nul caca  personne t'aime
Good job Mr. President!
Russian BOT!!!
Maybe you should click your heels 3x's & go back to not being a politician. It appears your exclamation points just mean your lie is huge!
@realJohnFKelly @CBSNews @NBCNews @business @TheEconomist https://twitter.com/NewsHour/status/921194266554195968 … This is what he says is"successful operations"Be honest
President Trump graded his administration's response in Puerto Rico a 10, but 80% of the island has no power. http://to.pbs.org/2gva6Lt 
California is burning and could use some help
Too bad the Puerto Rican people can't read that and be reassured . Not having power, or cell service and all.
You are  going to hurt you people like you going down
You need glasses Mr. Incompetent!
Speaking of Nate how come you never talk about Nate Boyer? The guy who came up with the idea for Kaepernick to take a knee?
You haven't got anything under controle. Look to Puerto Rico
then why is the death toll rising?
#Persian_Gulf
Now that you have sabotaged Obamacare would you happen to have Trumpcare ready to roll? You did brag about how great your plan was.
I wish your BRAIN, what tiny shred there is of it, was as under control as you THINK the hurricane victims situation is.
I really hope u get your comeuppance! Soon i hope!
I have a friend there for 4 days.  Can't find a FEMA worker anywhere.   Great job brownie.
You’re an embarrassment
Hello
I love you. But, I do not trust FEMA. Look into their organization.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K3QTCh3BLNE …
Thanks for being everyone's President. Haters going to hate.
#MAGA
In God We Trust Trump just write down what u gonna say so it comes out Right all the time. God don't like greed or ugliness u show.Jesus luv
If only Cobra Commander would lend you his weather machine....
BULLSHIT
Suspend the ELD rule Mr President.
Funny how for the mainland you're on it, but for Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands you suck.
And they were singing the song...” I’m your puppet” and added lyrics ..& your Putin’s puppet..where’s gepetto...in Russia !
make public who gets our tax dollars and what Senator is connected to the fake organizations who are making them rich
You’ve done nothing for PR and they languish w/o water, food, electricity. But they have paper towels, thank gawd! #ImpeachNow #trumpfail
As long as you're in the Oval Office, nothing will be "under control." You are NOT a sane person, Donald. Please leave & let us heal.
#Fema not well organized without leadership. Why did you wait until after disasters to hire someone? To busy playing golf?
Not true. They should be in Puerto Rico.
Liar. THERE were only seven patients on the hospital ship yesterday. Folks dying from bad water/ no antibiotics.   LIAR
I want to see you kicking and screaming as they drag you away. Do you read any tweets. or are u deluded that all is well in Trump land.
Put someone in charge of Homeland Security so help can be provided to the 3.5 million Americans in Puerto Rico. You ain’t helping.
Anything under your control is a bomb waiting to happen
HDP.
Did they order fema prime?
Shut up!
the military?
Liar more people are dying in PR today
Too bad we can't get you to start behaving and doing the work of a President.  You are an embarrassment.
and that’s another lie
You mean like in Puerto Rico?
Not concerned about preventable rising death toll? Under control my ass!
They always have. It's the White House that has always interfered
I'm sure you guys are doing the best that you can, it's got to be tough for sure, but that's all you can do is the best that you can.
http://pieceofnews.com/?p=1837 
Well right. It isn’t Puerto Rico.
Quick response.  How bout CA
Says you. Same thing we heard about Puerto Rico which is in terrible shape.
Just like the last one?
Status report to Vlad? Under control, boss!
