Obama used his pardon and commutation power to give a second chance to people who deserved empathy, not racists who showed none. https://twitter.com/andrewbeatty/status/901234460426997761 …
Obummer ws a traitor & no one seems to care.
SMH
Private Manning = Horst Wessel. SMH. Tactics of the left. @brhodes
You talking about that Snowden guy? He was in jail for years. You are so out of touch
RT @KatiePavlich: Yo crazy-ass boss pardoned a traitor whoz ass gave U.S. enemies state secrets, he..
Double boom.
Are you really this ignorant?  He commuted Manning's sentence, the convictions stand.  Not a pardon.  Great Fox accuracy standards.
Oh yeah - and he was anti Russia and anti Nazi.  President small hands has a lot of work to catch up
Arpaio's jailers killed Ambrett Spencer's baby and she wasn't the only one..
Who will pardon you when Mueller nails you to the wall? Russia will be your undoing.  New WAPO story looks interesting
You're badly informed. Chelsea Manning wasn't pardoned. She was convicted and served 7 years in jail; her sentence was then commuted. Facts!
Trump only pardoned a sheriff who just doing his job. Go Trump!
Short memories? Or just absent.
Bravo, Katie. It's mind-blowing given caliber of pardons BHO awarded. @POTUS pardons Joe, an upright LAWFUL man & they get crazy eyed.
Defying a federal judge is not lawful, beyond anything else he may have done.
Yeah because a judge cant be biased. #9thcircuit
@brhodes bleeding heart Liberals!  Let the drug dealers and murderers live with you.
So you do equate dealers to Joe that's good
Obama is scum.
Why can't you just bring actually facts to a discussion instead of something you found on Facebook.
Why can't you list all of Obamas accomplishments?
I mean we could start that list, but is that what this post is about? No. I'm not sure if you even know what's going on in the world.
Oh I know exactly what's going on....
Hahaha you really don't if you can't at least read facts or real sources. Just because your leader said it doesn't make it true
Park your ya'buts about Obama and justify the pardon of a racist who ignored the constitution and court orders.  Forget Obama JUSTIFY ARPAIO
Obama did not pardon anyone. He commuted their sentences. Get facts and stop spreading incorrect info aka fake news
Thank you, @KatiePavlich
It doesn't. A racist will support a racist who supports a racist.
Sorry @brhodes false comparison.  Try again.
The way this tool follows Obama and justifies his actions, he should change his name to Ben Dover!
Where on Earth do these people get their information?? Smoke signals?
This coming from from A Trump supporter who is friends with Trump jr who has ties with Russia and lied about his meeting your words mean lie
Yet you had to also lecture.
Ben Rhodes just showed his ignorance! But we are used to it!
Yes, spare us all the B. S. You people are space cadets
#SheriffJoe is a life long racist & convicted law breaker. He tortured ppl & ignored law breaking he condoned. HE WAS NOT A LAW BIDDING MAN
Well said Katie!
It's amazing how the left can convince themselves of anything 
I know and they use the same lines trump supporters come up with for them to us. Can't even be original.
Them and us ???? Think about that
The person you just asked Them or Us is a Don the Con supporter. Read it's bio.
#BanTrumpFromTweeter
Yeah, right.
Obama pardoned career criminal violent drug traffickers.
@benrhodes bragged about echo-chambering 23 year old WH reporters on the Iran deal
Trump is a very sad man. He retweetd half-truth/false accusation to reason his support of racist communities.
Obama let very dangerous criminals out to run free unbelievable anyone supports this!!!
They served over a decade with no trial  #lawandorder
But they're black #whitefear
@KatiePavlich that is a perfect response!
If only it were accurate.
Spare us the lack of critical thinking. Obama’s pardons were granted way after the fact, not coordinated before malfeasance was committed...
Umm. In this case Katie lied.
Obama Comprised With KNOWN TERRORIST,he paid Ransom,Bowed Down to THEM, released Terrorist went RIGHT BACK Killing AMERICANS in Middle East!
Yikes. A lot of false statements in one tweet.
Thank you and. Pavlich ,Bravo !
@mmmoonie @brhodes Ben, are ye daft? Obama's out, as are his thugs and miscreants.
Sheriff Arpio is 84y. Bradley Manning gets out 28 y early. Joe you should've said you were 32y transgender woman and you'd be on vanity fair
Your still racist lol trump you pardoned a legitmate racist guy, and barely did anything about Charlottesville, shows your true colors.
Bush pardoned multiple people convicted of Conspiracy to defraud the US & who sold guns to foreign entities, so spare ME the lecture
Who was the terrorist?
Oscar Lopez Rivera but he was NEVER pardoned, his sentence was commuted. So she's lying right there, and Trump RT'd it LMAO
Well that's special.
Yes, she is "special". Hell of a "journalist" or "contributor" that can't even research what she's talking about.
Since I've seen every episode of Magnum P.I. like eight times, I'm pretty sure I would be more qualified to do her job.
I'm honestly more amused that as much as he says everywhere else is Fake News but he literally RT'd fake news 
It's like being in very bad relationship with someone who thrives on being emotionally abusive.
Of course, Barack "Fast-n-furious/give $$ to Iran/make promises to Russia/illegal DACA" Obama is beyond reproach.
I thought Iran Contra was under Reagan?
It was
Only morons watch Fox.  Fake news!
Says the person on FOXNews Twitter feed
so that makes it ok for "your boss" to pardon a racist? How about our president just pardoned a racist sherriff? Adress that
@brhodes is it your and every other leftists goal to work the word racist into every topic and sentence cuz you're doing a great job of it!!
And Trump pardoned someone who violated the constitution, 4th amendment, and ignored sex offnsese because the victims were undocumented
You would have rather had the awful corrupt Clinton in office, former Republican?
Ummm did u miss all of Trumps corruption. Or how his federal gov response to the hurricane is non-existent
What corruption?  You do know FEMA has been on the ground since before Harvey hit don;t you?  Guess not since all you know is nonsense.
You can look at the news find and single federal  government responder, oh wait they are non-existent
You can make up anything if you're a leftist.
First dingus i am not a leftist, 2nd his salary is 400,000 hes charged tge secret service millions already
I have no reason to believe you about anything you write.  Dingus I may be but I know economics, history, and what abortion really is.
Name the terrorist who killed Americans. And if nobody else knows the name, then it came from some right wing blog.
I've been trying to figure out who the hell they mean
Oscar Lopez Rivera. But of course, he wasn't pardoned. His sentence was commuted after the Rule of Law put him in prison for 35 years.
Yeah just found that. Also he wasn't found guilty of killing any Americans.

So the Trumpers are lying again
So painfully frustrating that the man who yells "FAKE NEWS" retweeted a journalist who literally presented a falsehood as a headline.
That's their thing. At what point does the majority of the country rise up and get rid of this dude?
The majority of the country will give him a 2nd term. Enjoy our takeover of SCOTUS & watch us put a stop to spread of liberalism - a disease
Yeah how's that going for you so far with full control?

This is incredibly outrageous. Thanks Katie
Let'em have Katie! I'm sick of these leftist double standards & their hypocrisy!
Obuma is a traitor , Trump protected someone who was doing his job, wake up
Trump overrode the work of our judiciary as defined by the constitution #lawandorderNOT
You're right it is Constitutional.
Ben lives in la la land. What a crock! Just because you say we're racists doesn't make it so
Wait. 45 gives out state secrets all the time. Sometimes on twitter. So are you for or against the whole treason thing? Flip flopper!
Justify yr OWN DECISIONS by yr OWN ACTIONS. Quit comparing yourself w/ Obama or WE will think U Believe he BETTER THAN U. Whites Against 45
RT @KatiePavlich: Your boss pardoned a traitor who gave U.S. enemies state secrets, he also pardoned a terrorist who kil...
Trump stood on stage & embraced #Arpiao a hero of right wing radicals. #oathkeeper #bundyranch #okcbombing #possecomitatus
"44's"pardons don't compare with Arpaio's misdemeanor.  Truth B known; the left had no idea that "44" pardoned anyone much less their crimes
Your boss is a traitor who gave US enemies state secrets and he excused the actions of a Nazi terrorist. Will he pardon him too?
yes ben we are all racists

He didn't pardon either. He commuted their sentences. They served serious jail time first. Try again.
As a reporter at FOX we don't expect you to care about the facts, pretend on occasions. This moron acted for his friend.  Obama commuted!
Two wrongs don't make a right. When will it end?
Get facts straight. Know the difference between COMMUTING  a sentence AFTER 7 yrs in prison vs tRUmp pardon BEFORE conviction?!Not a pardon.
Drank the republican Kool-Aid didn't ya?
@KatiePavlich @realDonaldTrump Commuted is not the same as pardoned you couple of dolts
Right on @KatiePavlich
Let's not forget to mention that Sheriff Joe is 85 years old, was re-elected Sheriff (by who??) from '93 - '16 and faced up to 6 months(!).
Obama mostly pardon drug dealers, traffickers, people who committed fraud tax evaders but no harden criminals. 
https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-pardons …
Mmmh....@ http://kiliedutravel.com 
Well worded and so very true.
So, trump is no different then those soldiers, n trump is worst. so don't call the kettle black when scumbag does the samething.
Right Katie
Please learn the difference between a pardon and commuting a sentence.  Big difference.
Pardoning and commuting sentences are completely different, but who cares when your tweet appeals to the lowest common denominator?

WTF kind of law enforcement is this.  We demand that the FBI director be fired for saying somthing  so stupid.
 http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/08/29/fbi-shuts-down-request-for-files-on-hillary-clinton-by-citing-lack-public-interest.amp.html …
GO DONALD TRUMP
Kunt
You know there's a difference between commuting a sentence and pardoning, right? 
But because Trump pardoned him, it's a big to do ... if the almighty Obama did it, there would have been angels singing no doubt
Ex #SheriffJoeArpaio didnt properly investigate nearly 400 cases of crimes against children says new AZ Sheriff. trump #pardoned him! Sad!
Hey #45 thanks for proving news you promote is actually fake. No Americans were killed. By name she failed to mention. Please resign.
Republicans really are the dumbest group of voters.

This is how you tweet during a national disaster? How do you find time to suck so much?

Russian Trump bot troll
Do you practice ignorance, or does it come naturally to you?
Manning was not pardoned, his sentence was commuted. #Truth #TrumpstersAndTheirLies #Resist Also: #HillaryWonThePopularVote #NotMyPresident
I agree w/ this. But I believe Chelsea Manning goes by "she" & "Ms".
Correct. It's "she", not he.
RWNJ's always think if they make up BS about Obama it's makes Trump look okay. Commuted not pardoned Katie. Katie pushing FAKE  NEWS>
@motleyspice @brhodes He pardoned a bunch of thugs, terrorists & drug dealers. The drug addict pardons the dealers. Excellent!
Since when two wrongs make one right?amazing argument @KatiePavlich lol
Sorry but two wrongs don't not make a right! Stop comparing, a racist is a racist!
Haha ha
You are definately PBD!!   Pretty but deluded, one day you will look back and forgive yourself. Read wider, travel more,  peace
Exactly - Racism is ok - but terrorism and treason are bad, right?
So, which "fake news" verified your claim about Obama?
So, that makes pardoning another criminal right?
Now THAT is fake!
Ben Obama pardoned Violent criminals
How can you be so bad at being a journalist? Really.

Even if your tweet wasn't wrong, Obama's actions don't excuse Trump's.

No. No he didn't. 
It wasn't a pardon. 
Can you even?
He didn't pardon, he commuted the sentences deciding that they already have been punished long enough.  Arpaio never stepped foot in jail.
You tell them, Katie!
WHAT PLANET IS BEN ON?
OBAMOCLINTONIONA!!
WITH  SATELLITES; RICONA,HALDRON,BIDONIO,BILIOID,REIDIOD,PELOSIUM,SHCUMERIAN, THERE ARE SO MANY+++
put Obama in jail, he's a trator, prosecute him
Ben, u gotta be kidding! Obama pardoned over 1700 criminals who are now OUT HERE WITH US! He's got SS protection, do you?
Please spare us your half witted comments.
You seem really pathetic when you retweet things like this.
Your president give state secret to Russian like a child who doesn't be able to keep a secret. SAD!
Spare us yours too Katie
Your demon boss pardoned criminals, villains& libtard demons!
This speaks poorly of you, Katie. You should get your facts straight before you tweet out for the world to see.
Well said
Pres didn't pardon Chelsea Manning he commuted CMs sentence, get you fac
Also, he didn't even pardon Chelsea Manning. #FakeNews
Why not spread a little truth about Trump, like his Russian connection? https://assets.documentcloud.org/documents/3259984/Trump-Intelligence-Allegations.pdf …
Exactly!!! #Obama is a traitor!!!
But anyway, if we're talking about state secrets, pretty sure Trump has blabbed to Russians when he shouldn't have
Soooooooo....
Arpaio ran a prison ignoring the inmates constitutional and civil rights. The death rate was over 20%. Traitor and killer Sheriff Joe.
So...once these guys did it, its ok for trump 2 do it? Kind of like, well truman used the bomb why cant I?  Whoa!is that scary or what
Besides, Clinton Obama and Bush were at least smart enough to wait until the end of thier terms,unlike ford,carter who wern't re-elected,doh
No president should retweet hatred.  But this is no president.
WOW he got bitch slapped.
Trump IS the traitor & gave Russian spies top secret info in the WH! Trump will be impeached & jailed soon! The Liar & Theif is for himself
Commuted not pardon. Big difference. But facts are fake news in trumpalupa land
So that justifys pardoning a civil rights breaking man, who bragged about his tent city's as Latino concentration camps? Stop deflecting
The SMALL hands of the fake president R just or greater than dirty.  Different strokes for different folks. But fake president trump is mean
There's a difference between a pardon and a commutation. You know that right? No, of course you don't. Fake news.
Arpaio referred to his prison as his "concentration camp." Trump's pardon is an example of his pandering to his so-called base.
Spare us your worship of an orange, false, god.
And this Buffon pardoned a close friend of his who is a racist. 
#buffooninchief
He also pardoned  drug dealers that are poisoning and killing our kids
Now you have a sex offender for a president and he's standing up for white supremacists! Maybe keep you're own lecture to yourself sweetie.
Chelsea Manning saved countless lives by whistle blowing re drone pgm. BHO chgd policy on drones after. Then orange idiot chgd it back  : (
http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2017/aug/30/katie-pavlich/did-obama-pardon-terrorist-and-traitor-katie-pavli/ …

Spare us your ignorant lies.

Um, he commuted sentences. Completely different.
Katie, Katie I certainly agree!
The New Normal: Even Trump's Allies Think He's an 'Asshole'
@POTUS @RealDonaldTrump what he did og Pardoning them was Heroically Good & True b'se Heavenily God Permits Pardons, Heaven accredited him

Thank you Katie!
Trump doesn't need traitors or killers. He can do that all by himself. #MAGA!

Not only giving out money, but Obama will be seen today standing in water and rain like he is a real President --- don't fall for it.
Confused much? Maybe you could use a lecture.
He didn't pardon manning.... you're a liar.
Commute....pardon....pretty much the same difference.  Get out of jail NOW card.  You're pretty good at name calling.  Democrat, I assume ?
Commute and pardon are not the same thing. Not even close. Once again, talk radio makes for one goddamn stupid American.
Licking balls wont get you anywhere, but to to a place where you will keep licking balls.
Whataboutism in full force. But what does it prove? Nothing.
Katie, we get it. KKK and Trump! Woohoo! White power!
Yet you support someone with deep ties to Russia?

Crazy foolish bangali (tohingya) terriorists kill innocent childs in myanmar. 
You do know the difference between commuting a sentence and pardoning, right?
#بثينه  

#بثينه_عين_الانسانية

#بثينه_نعم_لايقاف_الحرب_في_اليمن 
بسمه حيا
البترودولار جعل العالم مآجوراً
صامتاً ع جرائم #السعودية ف #اليمن
#لعيون_بثينة_الموت_لآل_سعود
 #بثينة_عين_الانسانية
they followed a procedure.
Check your facts!
Prove your BULLSHIT re Obama pardoned terrorists.
If you are referring to Chelsea Manning, her documents went to Wikileaks, who 45 has praised many times.
His watch! dumpy pardoned him because they are buddies! Let's see if Dumpy takes any time pardoning people that really deserve a pardon!
u talk a lot of smack for someone who hasn't figured out her brows yet smh
Obama did wrong, so Trump can do wrong too? I don't think so.  T pardons his buddy who was arresting people for looking Hispanic.  No morals
He also pardoned a drug dealer who killed people after he was released!
Do you lack knowledge on this or are you just lying?
Funny how you never had a problem with wikileaks when they went after Hillary. You are a complete hypocrite with no integrity whatsoever.
No, he commuted sentences meaning their time had been served.  Those "terrorist" were pardoned by Bush.
You retweeted this @realDonaldTrump? You realize that it's false, right? Commuted sentences are not pardons. Are you really this stupid?
That echo chamber not working like it used to.... ?
This is how #Anifa was created
