You care. It's literally all you care about. It keeps you up at night.
"Who cares" Obviously he does or he wouldn't literally constantly tweet about it hahahaha
Exactly!!

Stop selling weapons to countries who fund & support terrorists! Saudi Arabia/Qatar, Turkey/Pakistan/Israel
Too bad we didn't stop that plane full of cash that Obama sent to the #1state sponsor of terrorism, Iran.
The reason the upset is not because he is ineffective but because he is so effective. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #POTUSTrump He already won.
You apparently do care. Every time you get covered negatively, you lash out like an unhinged person!
We LOVE you POTUS TRUMP! THANK YOU for MAGA! GOD BLESS you, God Bless America! 
Mr. Trump jihadist Sasoura is using al taqyia to incite violence & jihad against Americans. Enough is enough Sasoura hates our Values leave.
You are the fake news. We are much smarter. Stop trying to discredit our instiutions that support our democracy. #25thAmendmentNOW
#ShutItDown #RemoveRegime #PowerToThePeople #KillTheBill #Medicareforall #TrumpIllegitimate #GOPAreTraitors #NullifyTheElection
http://www.cnn.com/election/results/states/california …
There is no way this was a win. 1% in swing states,just enough to not raise suspicion. Hmmm
Never forget The People are with you .
Yes we are!!!

Yes sir! That's my President. I'm so proud of you and your entire admin. Tell them good job for us. #MAGA together
I wish I have a president who is willing to put his reputation at stake and take on the world just for me like you are doing for Americans
Our country is interested in @Apple restoring the headphone jack.
But you LOVE fake news!!!! It's what got you elected, silly.
I can't believe someone in the position of president  of this great country would speak this way. Shame on you Donald.
Yes. I stopped watching liberal news last summer. I am curious how their ratings have been impacted....SIKE...not really...don't care! 
Seriously, they have to be impacted negatively b/c they do not appeal to moderates or conservatives at all. Obviously skewed reporting
Reminder that Trump has invented fake voter fraud and continually attacked journalists who criticize him. Trump is the real fake news.
That's why I only get news from FoxHD and your tweets.
Trump would not have the slightest idea how to represent, in any way but shamefully
I don't know, you seem to care about it quite a lot...

@realDonaldTrump "Fake News" is all that keeps us safe from you, and your Cabal of familia cohorts. #IMPEACHMENTNOW

#HighQualityPerson who's in the process of getting BURNED big time by that wonderfully ironic bitch, Karma. 
We will create our own news with Trump Truth
35% of Government on BOTH Sides are Corrupt GOP/DEM "Snakes" Drain The Swamp and Start Naming Names AG Sessions NOW
Amen! I hope you understand how much we love, respect and pray for you!
Your relentless pursuit of the fake-news narrative is at its core an assault on democracy.

Sure, fake media with their lying cameras and videos and audio and actual evidence of your behavior and words! How dare they!
That a boy
Great job President Trump. God bless you.
Donald is the greatest president in years!!
LoOot of exclamation points there for someone who doesn't care

I am proud to be able to say that I voted for you in the last election, and will again in the next election.  I believe in you.
Obviously you care. #MEGA! LOL
Well then go after your son for the fake news yesterday that meeting was just about adoption. Go 45 fight that fake news
We are #MAGA each and every day with you @POTUS  Couldn't be more PROUD to call you my President 
Who needs fake news when we've got your tweets to entertain us!?  . #trumpisunfittolead
Stop with the fake news already, Donald. At some point people will see through it. Hitler also attacked the press. History repeats. #resist
Who cares? WE DO! You failed on all accounts.

Way to go!!!
They have declared war and need to be annihilated, Figuratively speaking
Never give up on us! We will fight along with you to save our Country!!!
Never heard about fake news until we had a so-called president.

I still want to know why Trump wouldn't allow his National Security Adviser to attend his meeting with Putin
Does #MAGA mean making the USA the laughing stock of the G 20? If so, mission accomplished. You embarrass this country EVERY. SINGLE. DAY.
And again you failed....bigly.  No one feels safe with you or your adult children ruining our great country!
Covfefe

President, I voted for you, think you're totally awesome, but you have GOT to stop caring so much about the media!!!!
Sorry, but that's pretty much ALL he cares about. That, and using the WH to line his pockets. Get used to it. Old men don't change.
The world leaders think you're a boob
Eastern Europeans know what dictator propaganda looks like, sadly many Americans dont. #fauxpresident #resist
Promise made, promise kept. Thank you.
Please block me, I hate you and you're a shitty president with tiny hands. If you could do something GREAT, that'd be awesome. #ILoveAmerica
You seem to want to fight with everybody, Why?
Thank you Mr. President
Looks like you took the day off for god knows what&sent your non elected daughter in your place!Are we a monarchy now? #KimJonghyun approves
Always the victim. Poor Trump doesn't get treated fairly. 
#fakepresident
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr Comments??
Putin: Trump believed me when I told him Russia didn't meddle in 2016 election
Trump Jr., Kushner, Manafort met Kremlin-linked lawyer last year: report
You're a traitor & an embarrassment to this country. You're the source of fake news. The day you leave office will make America great again.
Trump thinks he can survive not standing up to Putin and not defending America against more cyber attacks. WRONG BIGLY!!!
I do not watch CNN but yesterday they were on where I did not have a choice. They were obsessed..with continuous lies about @realDonaldTrump
@DonnaCastel none of us care.  It's getting very old 
I think you just said what PRESIDENT TRUMP SAID IN DIFFERENT WORDS! I fully agree with both of you . Leave their BS2few fools left who care!
What a shame the American people have allowed themselves to be sooooo blinded by the Fake News!!!!!
Wished some one also said we will work and refuge to chandraprakash tripathi and his son in America. my only dream to die on american soil.
@AndreasOpinions you were the laughing stock of the summit! You've been ridiculed and mocked by everyone!
Yeah right, Putin took the dummy to the woodshed.  America is ashamed of you and your family of grifters.  It won't be long now.
Who Care?  Have U decided 2 put an end 2 Free Press in America? You certainly have a lot of little helpers in laying the foundation.
Haters will hate. No matter what you do. They call you a hater but they are the ones staying up all night hating your. We went thru 8 yrs
Thank you! We have your back
The numbers are in our favor..."overwhelmingly". But the Aholes can't count well; so we have to wait for someone to tell them.
Thank U Mr. President! We've given up the pointless fight of reasoning w/that side of insanity-all logic is lost, they focus on hate #MAGA
if MAGA=Megalomaniac Against a Great America, then yeah, good job so far bucko! what a petty, insecure, tiny lil' man u r!
I may suggest that U see the news as FAKE, it's because they R reporting on a FAKE POTUS.
Yes! 
Impeach Trump 2017
You are destroying our country........please go home and let someone qualified lead America
I care Mr. President. They should be reporting the truth about you and your family and your values and thoughts and desires for US
By cohort it With Putin . Not in our best interest
What lying fool you are
Doing a great job Mr President
You do NOT represent me in any way, shape or form. That would be embarrassing for me and everything I believe in.
It was your own son who released things and you still blame the media. This is all getting really old.
Apparently, You Do, because You Can Not Stop, Twittering About It!
We love u Mr. President!!!!
Behind you 100%
Obviously you do care. You are OBSESSED with hearing that you're 'wonderful.' Hard for #RealNews to do, when YOU'RE NOT.
Thank you President Trump!!! The millions of Americans who voted 4 u appreciate u & will always stand with u!  We believe in you! #MAGA
Thank you for what you do!!!!
THIS IS WHY WE LOVE YOU AMIGO
Real fake news...
Thank you Sir
Clearly you care frankly it seems to be all you care about! You sit & watch tv all day #wtf
You, and your tiny hands, care deeply. You probably cry a little bit in the darkness of the night.
I'd say this is accurate enough, VonClownstick.
Represent our country well and you Will be remembered as a great President. Everyone know you want that. Don't fight with the American Media
I am sorry Mr. T, but for now Trump Jr. Is getting more attention.  We will come back to you
Do you have Dementia?
You obviously care a great deal.
Then why are you obsessed with it? #CrookedDonald
Never thought our country would be the next rendition of #barnumandbaileycircus but here we are... #circus #clown #growupfast #manchild
how bout one with  puttin since he is puttin his nose in ur election
No you won't, and can't. You are fighting for YOU'RE interests. Not those of this country.
Please resign for good of our country
you obviously care, or you wouldn't post about the media ten times a day.

well Mr. President, I believe you care the fact you complain about it so much
I want to puke
Is @DonaldJTrumpJr's TL now officially "Fake News"?
Your staff doesn't even cover you accurately.  SAD.
@realDonaldTrump is off to Magaluf!! Fishbowls all around 
Correct and thankfully, the REAL NEWS will continue to cover you accurately. Thank you @ABC @maddow @CNN @washingtonpost @JWalker55555
Who ignores climate protection, who is ignored land and the world.
Your interests include yourself and your family and your money. Not the american people. You don't represent me. Man baby.
Our interests are not your interests so be honest. Your there to fight for the rich  guys ! Just say it we all know it!
Media shmedia... there is no more media. Just tabloids.
You live in a fantasyland and your supporters are sorry they voted you in now #ImpeachTrump
You will lose your fight to do away with Freedom of Press. Makes you mad that they are right. Wake up, we are not Russia
We love you
After Watergate ANY reporters' anonymous source became legitimate 'Deep Throat". CBS/Rather proved Free Press NOT same as  Legitimate Press
Now you're talking! Who cares? We no longer watch the FNM. Keep up the good work. #MAGA
#Maga
I hope you remembered to thank him!

Please demand the congress get this health care bill right! We are losing faith in their ability to do their job ! Sick to death
You have not done a very good job so far. Why keep lying about it.
Amen Mr. President.
Amen! Praying for you always!
You will NEVER represent our country well! You are #UnAmerican
Can you please be more specifici?  "its" should b e"ours"......just sayin'...Give me a "real news" source for me to read!!
Don't forget the vets.
Climate change. Guess you didnt represent me well?
My interest is the climate change. Your interest is you and how fake news covers you. #sad
They cover you truthfully, and accurately like the lying sociopath you are.



- 'Bullschitt' !  America is already great & we don't need a fool like you f**king it up.

#FAGA = Faking America Great Again. @BloatedPOTUS
You're not a well man and you're putting over 250 million people at risk while your mental condition deteriorates. Step down.
MAGA
Deep states pushing gaymarriage,blurring genders,tranny agenda!Russia is R Christian ally!THEY LIED ABOUT IT ALLhttps://youtu.be/Bee70unn9aM
Yes!!! Go, Go,Go!!!
Enough with the bad fake name called "fake news". Stop it and grow up... please!
No one's listening to Fake News. You have the greatest instincts of any politician in US history. Today's forecast: 100% chance of winning!!
I have not watched them since 2001.

Enjoy your new tax cut ! Everyone is happy and looking forward to use the money to buy somethings  we need! Merry CHRISTMAS to our POTUS AND FAMILY! And  to  EVERYONE! 
Yaasssss!  I KNOW it!! . We love you President.
I will represent our country well and fight for its interests! Fake News Media will never cover me accurately but who ca...
Stop messing with peoples lives unless your gonna be in the front line with our men and women of the armed forces just be peaceful
But your not representing our country well at all. Stop trying to start a war this isn't a company hostile take over.
I love your attitude Mr President
Damn the torpedoes! Full steam ahead! No pain! No gain! Real Americans know that!! @Prodigass
Hmmm...obviously YOU care, it's all you talk about: MSM lol. 

Wow, some help, will ya? 

#25thAmendmentNow 
#LockHimUp 
#FireTrump
@realDonaldTrump Failed and still failing, tiny man.
Drain the Swamp. Destroy Islamic Terrorism. That's what the people voted for, don't loose momentum, keep that promise! MAGA.
STOP worrying about news, you're doing nothing about Google, Facebook or YouTube censoring everyone as the monopolies they are & have gov $$
God bless you!!!! 

All I see is a booming economy and jobs FLOWING into this country! #MAGA Russian News is FAKE NEWS
Look into Healthcare co-op as soloution for the Obama care issue
@jeffsessions if he fires you, ask for immunity and turn coat! Although you're a racist POS, this will help right a small part of your wrong
Yes :)

LIAR!
http://paypal.me/KylieDunlap  make america great again
I'm tired of hearing about the fake news sir. I don't agree with them either but let's please stop with the name-calling.
You care, Traitor Trump
.@POTUS .@realDonaldTrump send in a Seal Team and get Charlie Gard out before he dies.
They should go out of business.
That's the truth!!!!  What a shame they are blind and don't want to admit the great job you are doing for this country.


I don't judge you because of the media.  I judge you by what comes out of your mouth and tweets   Worse president ever 
lol we saw u fighting  already
presidents like to take lots of credit, they actually have an insignificant role
#MAGA? How about #AIAG (America Is Already Great.) #FakeTanNews
You do FOOL
check out my blog Mr. Trump
Revoke Jim Acosta WH press pass. America does not want reporters who have a destroy America agenda
If Trump only understood that the president is supposed to do what he does regardless of the media he would look more presidential.
#minitrue
#minilove
#miniplenty
#miniPOTUS
Last gasp
GOT 'EM
6 months in and all you've managed to do is embarrass the USA.
What about YOUR FAKE Time covers you HYPOCRITE??
No! You do not represent the majority of the people of the U.S., just the ignorant ones. The world hates you. #ImpeachTrumpNOW
You only fight for you, Donny #MAGGOT
THANK YOU @POTUS!!!  
A tweet can't say how much we support and love you. We do !!! & our positive words are buried on purpose by Twitter!
You have not even consider all the interests - you HATE any American who disagrees with you - the Juvenile President!!
Keep up the good work @POTUS
All media played your speech. It was very inclusive. Not! It was nothing but pandering to your toothless base. #DonTheCon.
U embarrassed #US again!Europe doesn't like u!U walk alone at G20 !Ur #PutinsPuppet !#ElectoralCollege be damn for putting u in #WH ! #shame
