What Hillary Clinton caught on senator floor 3 cell phones in fort Lauderdale FL USA key West Fed building no call phone allowed
Only a weak cowardly president would publically humiliate someone especially if he works for him. I hope Sessions  doesn't quit!
Yel him Mr President. You can do that, and someone needs to bring these crooks down. Unless the won a lottery!!
No one can be this clueless. Or you’re trying to manipulate the situation. Either was U R not Presidential stock. U R not fit 2 sit in the same room as 44. Dishonest or the most clueless you and your family are a treasonous plague. That’s why u are all being investigated.#Trump
B/c right now U R (so called) president, & evidence is pointing 2 U 4 wrong doing! Hilary has already been investigated! No there, there!
Not a true story. Her investigation is coming.
Where were U durin campaign while Comey was investigatin her? UR liar in chief would like U 2 Blieve it's coming. Distraction from himself
Let me know why when you find the answer to that. Thousands of us are waiting to hear. #Trump2020
you can run but you can't hide Mueller and his bloodhounds hot on your trail.
Stop...you're starting to look guilty....focus on agenda!!!
Just a guess but could it be because HRC didn't invite a hostile foreign power to interfere in our election & undermine our democracy?
Stop the slander lies sabotage treason

Dumpy Corrupt Trumpy
Such a pathetic attempt to distract from your criminal son's & son-in-law's hearings. Crawl back onto the toilet where you tweet best, Don.
"My inclination...whatever power I have on the matter is to say let's go forward.This has been looked at for so long, ad nauseum"--You
Because you won the election, not her?
Beleaguered is a big word. Too big for you.
Even if she is guilty, U A$$H@LE-it does not change them going after U, U lying loser. U will be in PRISON SOON.
TICK TOCK TICK TOCK
#KABOOM
She's not president. Stop deflecting and get off the toilet.
She really did put you in your place. You managed to lie & cheat your way into the Presidency. Now do the job or quit!
Your obsession with stalking HRC & calling for the agency's of government to exact your revenge is degrading of the job.
You may be the beleaguered one if you do not get off of Jeff . You are losing us by insulting him!!!
"Beleaguered?" You expect us to believe you pulled a hundred dollar word out of your 50 cent brain? The Mooch gave you that word, didn't he?
He does have an entire staff of speech writers and people who make sure he practices the word.
Holy shit you are so desperate to have people not investigate your illegal dealings you bring up things that weren't illegal with HRC....SAD
Cause U are in power & if crimes committed by U and UR admin, that needs to be the priority since you can fuck things for us greater #Doofus
Because you are the President of the United States and answerable to the People as well as the Law of the USA.
There goes #PresidentDistraction again. Someone please change #PresidentSnowflake's diaper & get him his binky.
To bad unlike in your case there is nothing there. But between you,your sons,son-n-law,there is a whole lot Russian going on.
Because she's not the president, you small handed baby
Mr. President, I was under the impression that YOU won the election.  Why do you continue to bring up Hillary Clinton? AND what CRIMES?
Please Hilary has a long history of questionable dealings. The law seems to by pass her because of who she is. That is in itself criminal
VERY IMPORTANT because Hillary is POTUS!And, what questionable dealings are you citing?Whitewater?investigated ad nauseum and zero.The Clinton Foundation - go read deeply.Hillary is no more "crooked" than any member of Congress.  Money out of government and it all disappears.
Because yours are much more interesting.
#TrumpRussia
Low energy @realDonaldTrump couldn't testify for half the time Hillary did, prove us wrong
Hire Rudy!!!!!!!

Good question!!!
Because she's not in office numb nuts
Well, it is PAINFULLY OBVIOUS, Robert Mueller is conflicted.  Fire Mueller!
We know who was covering for the traitors!  But, James Comey was NOT ACTING ALONE! Fire Andrew McCabe!
We know Susan Rice & her ABC Executive News Producer are criminals & colluded to undermine your candidacy/presidency.  Prosecute Susan Rice!
We know @CNN colluded with the DNC and Hillary Clinton campaign to undermine your candidacy and presidency. Prosecute Pedo Wife Huma Abedin!
President Trump, you were 100% correct - it is a witch hunt!  Fire Mueller!  Fire McCabe, Prosecute, Rice, Lynch, Clinton, Obama, Holder...
The American people need to know, when they Donate $6B to Earthquake victims, that their money goes to the victims, not crooked politicians.
The American people realize, @CNN is fake news and has their priorities in the wrong place:
Idiot

You won she is not around you have to bring her up old news you hate the bad focus being on you lies are catching up on you everyday Trump
It's ok Donny it's ok... Show us where Hillary touched you 
She's not president.
Putin doesn't like Hillary, but he likes you and your thugs 
.@Dugfromjamul @realDonaldTrump why don't you just sign an Executive Order forcing the DOJ to formally look into possible ties between all candidates of the 2016 election and Russia? Or get another Legislative victory and ask Congress to get DOJ to do it?
except you know. Collins voted for that big bill.
Those don't matter she isn't president but you on the other hand are a poor excuse for a president!
Hillary is not president.
Because she is not the president you half-wit
Why should they waste their time on her when they have you to investigate. You are the crooked one!
Instead, I exhort Americans, ALL Americans outside WashDC to Disobey, Disengage, Act Local, STOP Paying Fed Tax ~ @cshea32 @realDonaldTrump
You first.
Where You been, Jamie ~ I've been a declared Revolutionary since 2014 ~ Ta! @RevJamieK1 @cshea32 @realDonaldTrump #CourageOfConvictions
Calm down brother. I have been walking the walk.Took vow of poverty 12 yrs ago+haven't paid taxes since. I surpass you by 9 yrs
Says the DIY Off-gridder w/ the 'go fund' me account ~ ;o)) < Big Smile, Brutha! @RevJamieK1 @cshea32 @realDonaldTrump
I'm accepting donations to create a PEACEempire. I've been living homeless for years, volunteering 100% of my time in communities.

Rhetorical questions are rhetorical.
We'll #MAGA one #Shithole at a time!
Weak troll is a weak troll.
Indeed you are.
You missed a comma. Get it together.
You forget that on 9NOV2016 you said you wouldn't seek to prosecute Hillary Clinton thus compromising your AG's prosecutorial ability.
This is incorrect. He said he wouldn't. If law enforcement sees different... well??? Problem is they're all afraid of a dirt nap.
He said: "I will not look to lock Hillary up. I want to help her heal."  But it's okay if you don't agree with me.  You don't have to.
What would you say after a big win like that? :) And now she's still stinkin up the place with her sick buddies in the gov.
I would never go back on my word, I would NEVER betray the people I promised something so big as standing for Justice. #Benghazi etc.
As you are very well aware, he is listening and I like your message.
I'm humbled. My number one priority is the people's safety and well-being. Our people have been badly mistreated and abused. That's enough.
Indeed.
Now instead of adamantly seeking to #FireMueller you are disloyally focusing on firing an AG who was key to your election. What's wrong w/u?
Sessions is a good man but doesn't have the lion courage to go after HRC crimes or the deep state intel leakers waging war against Trump.
He's a bureaucrat who above all will not go against the President.
Trump needs fierce fighters around him. He is being severely attacked every day in Washington DC by GOP, dems, & media establishment.
We gave him this election because he made us believe he was that fierce fighter otherwise any of the other 16 could have done the job. Truth
Even fierce fighters need help. He needs his AG on the offensive investigating/prosecuting Trump's enemies. That puts them on the defensive.
Where the hell have you been? She's been investigated more times than anyone. But more importantly, she's not the criminal, you are.
Cause you fool there were no crimes unlike you and your family
Is it because @USAGSessions has been fighting globalism through this career as senator?  Is that why you cannot accept a mistake from him?
I like Sessions. I think he will come through just fine.
Thank you. It's not about him. We cannot lose him because within his means he has fought for America as few.
Lawsuit: Fox News concocted Seth Rich story with oversight from White House
You're too much of a dolt to get it
Mueller have you found out how Trump campaign was Illegally spied on by Obama yet? You have to solve or next time Rep. willspy Dems.
LOCK HER UP!!! VIVA LOS TRUMP!!! MAGA!!!
Sessions would make a great DHS head, and open DOJ for non-recused Gulliani to fire McCabe, Rosenstein, and Mueller, et al.
FIRE SESSIONS AND FIND SOMEONE WHO ISN'T A.REPTILLIAN..TO TAKE HIS PLACE..AND PUT THE CLINTON'S IN JAIL..ALONG WITH ..OBAMA
Because she is not crooked ass wipe.
Quit focusing on the election and start focusing on running the country asshat. #YoureTheWorst #Resist
your Tweet was quoted by @washingtonpost
Exactly, do what you have to do.
Ghostwritten by @Scaramucci Beleaguered is not a Word in Trumps vocabulary
We need a full military investigation of the DOJ and the FBI..........
Ur an epic fail.   #impeachTrump
They should spend the time on it because it will reveal the truth.  And who was colluding to begin with.
Because there were no crimes or Russia relations. Check the federal register committee reports and IG. Can you read?
Too busy, trying to complete their Witch Hunt! Stay Strong President Trump, The American People are Standing W UMAGA
He's YOUR Attorney General!
They did &found nothing. You= proven criminal, indebted to Putin. You fired everyone investigating you & won't show taxes b/c you're guilty!
Wow!! You really hate The United States Os America
D. Trump, you are boring, impulsive and repulsive. You are exhausting and a child. You are divisive and insincere .
Alas, I think the people (not me) elected a teenager to run our country.  Quit watching CNN, put your phone down and lead.
Mr.Sessions has more convictions and sincerity than you will ever think of,with that PEA brain of yours. Go HOME, you are nothing we want!!
Amen Brother
You're so right, last year I know she met with a known Russian sympathizer three times, at the presidential debates

American's want justice for Hillary's crimes. If she gets away with it, then the rest of us should too!! Investigate her now!!
Please get rid of the garbage in your party start with Jeff Sessions if he does not do his job.
neurotic!
unlike most women you've tried to bone, Hillary isn't turned on by being lied about and insulted.
Live in the moment. You have too many problems right here right now. Oh! But that's the point! Still, you got elected not her. Stay current
Crooked Hiilary? What nonsense! But Don the con has committed treason with Russia. That is what is important.
Because republican swampers are not driving it.
I wish he was. It's ridiculous
You, your entire family and your team are the crooked ones! Get real! And move on!
What non-extradition countries have you looked at?
You're keeping them busy.

You are the biggest crook Mr. President
What? Can't fire Sessions?? Does he have something against you??? Looking fwd to your impeachment day!! U r a worst than Nixon!!
Nobody cares about Hillary. She's not the crook in the office robbing America.

Exactly! Who can push this through. Everyone in the House is looking dumber and dumber. P.O'd. In CA
You and the Russians !
Sessions needs to investigate
Hillary’s not president and you’re wasting enough of their time and money w/your fake voter-fraud lies. This attempt to deflect won’t work.
your Tweet was quoted by @voxdotcom
ALERT! TRUMP #DISTRACTION ATTEMPT (again)! Why aren't...? Because YOU are POTUS not Hillary. This old & worn out info - only for historians.
hillary released her tax returns. where r yours? all this deflection wont change americas right to seek truth, your efforts prove u r guilty
Yea but she kept 96% of the $ she solicited to help Haiti. That is in the palm of her grubby hands&SheUsesIt4herself!
You're trying to ensure BFF @HillaryClinton can't be convicted for obstruction of justice by making it look political?  #2008HillaryDonor
Remember whos still free as a bird. This"mostly corrupt"government protects its own and will kill anybody who gets in their way RIP Seth Rich ,Justice Scalia, Martin Luther King, Malcolm X, JFK , Marilyn Monroe , John F Kennedy Jr... the list goes on and on....
Why you (Donald) talk and tweet like an helpless outsider. You are the boss didn't you promise to fix it.
How dare your administration harass, threaten & humiliate Congresspeople for CASTING VOTES that reflect what Americans want
Repost... GET OVER IT
Hillary has been investigated & income taxes  public 4 over 30 yrs & ..result her husband lied about a blow job where's YOUR income tax
When is Hillary going to be held accountable for her crimes?
The election is over. Please do something constructive for our great country.
No time with all his shenanigans!
Because she is NOT PRESIDENT unfortunately you are
John McCain's vote last night was amazing  HEY TRUMPTROLL HE IS HERO NOW I BET LOL 
AGrudgeVote.We inArizonaNowPay200%More4BadHC WeRDown2only1ProviderVetsDenignedHC onMcCainsWatchHeHasCadilacHC&DoesntCare
Lmao. Keep it up. But then again an investigation where no one wants to give a lot of information about Russian collution. Where no one
Look at what has been uncovered without investigations! Can you imagine just how deep state is this mess. Need to have someone AG's back?
She is not the POTUS. And her emails were investigated extensively (that's a fancy word for "bigly").
WitnessesEndedUpDEAD!Scary!ClintonsRBadPeopleEvery1zInTheirPocketBrazilA3rdWorldCountryLockedUpCorruptGovWeMustDoSameNow
Because they're trying to determine if country is under attack by your campaign's collusion with Russia. Priorities matter Comrade Donny.
Happy Sara green said u r doing a great job
Oh, .@HillaryClinton When will this snowflake be able to quit you?
That's what I'd like to know!! America needs justice!
Because Moron, you are a better target, gee you are making it so hard to be a Republican. Tricky, Dummy, Trump." Run the country, not the past.
Because they're looking into crooked POTUS's crimes & Russia relations where the fruit is that can harm our nation.
Air your dirty Landry privately,
He's a good man who helped you,
Loose him and you will lose many of us !!
Who hired the A.G? Come on you all! Let work together to make our country Great again!
First of all, the President does not dictate the course of investigations. Yet another abuse of power by the fake president.
Hahaha...because crooked Donny is so much worse@
um because you are more crooked?
I hope you go to prison! And you file bankruptcy a fourth time!
Hey blondie...you think you conquered the online world. You realise 10's of millions of people keep you around cos yer funny?
Imagine if you outstay our tolerance...48 hours of crushing humiliation and swift retirement?
But please stay till January...I got £10 at 4/1 your impeachment is next year :)
Barack did speak to the Boy Scout Jamboree in 2010....fact check
#NoOneLikesYou
Because it would show how corrupt politics is from top to murky bottom
Bring in @tedcruz
Take some guts Sir,  remove him from the DOJ.
AG Sessions is not doing your will, time to get rid of him. FIRE HIM FIRE HIM FIRE HIM
That is a great question. They are probably all corrupt on both sides. You can't trust anybody.
I think Jeff Sessions is great. He supported you from the beginning. I'm beginning to be disappointed in the way you treat him.
they are scared of her she loves to have her cartel threaten peoples family to
make them a puppet to their will. AG Sessions dropout
Because your history is proving much more amusing and productive.
Move on, bro.
Because you told him not too....
Sessions didn't talk 2 Trump bout his recusal & that is prob! Session a good man& good politician & no good politician investigating HRC!
Recusal water under bridge...but it's up to Trump to direct HRC investigation and he hasn't done that.
#SecretSocieties  #ReleaseTheMemo  #DemonratsAreEvil #SatansSpawn #BarrySoreotto #LockThemAllUp #AmericansFirst
It Seems Democratic Party Is Collapsing From All Sides!  #SchumerShutdown #ReleaseTheMemo #AmericaFirst - The End of the Government Shutdown Has Opened a Torrent of Media Anger at Democrats https://www.westernjournal.com/end-government-shutdown-opened-torrent-media-anger-democrats/?utm_source=Twitter&utm_medium=PostSideSharingButtons&utm_content=2018-01-23&utm_campaign=websitesharingbuttons …
you are making the u.s. seem like total fools. why do you hate us so much? we pay taxes - you never do ! then you BRAG about it.
The WH revolving door. If POTUS hates you becuz Russia connection will be revealed the snake gets restless. POTUS is Obstruction of the law
A.G Sessions is a good man. Please sit down with him and talk through your disagreements. You have a strong team. Don't lose that!
~What about Chaffetz? He had you on his list as "a person of interest" & promised to prosecute you then he resigned~SAD 
Your truly a nut job. You can't handle the pressure when your exposed for the criminal you've always been.
Because the American People are tired of you wasting our tax dollars on these fruitless endless Hillary Wild Goose Chases
You are feeling the heat....
They DID and found "there is no there there" so after thousands of tax payer $s spent on nothing, they are now onto something real, YOU!
Why can't you make statements instead of questions? Are you so inept that's all you can do as President ? @gop @foxnews @SenateGOP @dnc
It is time 2 use the media. accuse them of bringing this country down. call them out by name and article 4 Klintons
Grampa
it takes time
Hillary is number one
#youarehisboss have him look at Hillary,  learn job description, read constitution, dont look like u fly by the seat of your pants plz
Because unlike Putin we don't jail (or kill) political enemies.
ds
They did, 11 times, and besides, she isn't the President, you are...
I'm guessing because you keep them busy with your bullshit
y don't u leave her alone ur starting to become a stalker she should get a restraining order on u bc ur crooked n a liar
Did you learn a new word? Do you have one of those "word of the day" type calendars & find one that seemed relevant?

YES, I AGREE HE SHOULDN'T HAVE RECUSED HIMSELF, BUT MY GOODNESS, FIRE HIM AND DEAL WITH THE CONSEQUENCES, BUT SPARE HIS REPUTATION. GEEZ!!
Umm, 'cause there aren't any?
