Ya
Great!
Leader Ryan and McConnell should step down now, they are not leaders but followers of dnc agenda and work with dnc instead of Trump
Boy did tve democrats screw the world up! It makes me think obamas goal was to weaken the USA because nobody can be that stupid, WOW!
Wow in 2013 obama new about tve miniature of nuclear warheads!  Obama is truly tve worst president in history!
So Nice 2C A Commander In Chief That Appreciates Law Enforcement,Huge Change From The NoBama Attack On LEO's &The Utter Disrespect He Showed
It was my great HONOR to present our nation's highest award for a public safety officer - THE MEDAL OF VALOR to FIV… htt...
FF FFCs
Today the fraudgalent news once again proves they should loose the right to use our airwaves,
President Trump is dealing with a lot and the GOP is not helping! We will replace them with new "real" GOP members in 2018

Pres. Trump Thank You for Awarding real heroes and not the Celebrities like your predecessor.
God bless our heroes!
You scream a lot on Twitter lately. You do know that ALL CAPS IS SHOUTING LIKE A MADMAN, right? But I guess you are a madman so…nevermind.


You are not George Washington, get an effing haircut!

Dear Mr.President, I'm honored to have received this personal message from you. I was grateful to be apart of this special ceremony!HEROES
Mr President thank you for caring about our military men and women it gave me pride seeing you giving the highest honor today
It's like having a failed steak salesman w/ a tacky golden condo giving out honors. Except that's exactly what it is.
This thing that's in the white house is a sesspool of hatred and stupid.
A medal won't mean shit once you've touched it. The moment of a lifetime spoiled by #anusface. At least you're good at fucking shit up, #don
@POTUS
Hey
http://www.dictionary.com/browse/hyperbole …
Right on!    Pray for our men and women in uniform!   Pray & support!
You're doing more for USA then any one go trump

TRUE AMERICAN HEROSMAGA
Patricia King, a staff sgnt, earned  Bronze Star risks her life for is trans. Your previous statement is embarrassing. Step down
Congress gets Obamacare FREE since there's is subitized by our tax dollars! Yell it loudly!!!
Thanks
Thanks.
Thank you Mr. President.  Now please fire Benedict Arnold McMaster.
Finally our Police Officers are getting the respect and recognition they deserve It's amazing...having a real American as POTUS HAS MADE
Trump: You might be a contractor, but you have NEVER built anything EVER! You have built a long list of lies!
What would you know about valor? You have none. You are hateful, racist, bully! You know nothing of valor.
Why the heck did he have to kiss her? So inappropriate
GREAT JOB PRESIDENT DONALD J TRUMP 
 President Trump! Keep the faith and fighting. We stand behind you! 
So good to see our President honor these outstanding public servants!
It's sad all the Democrats do is B*tch,B*tch,B*tch! Worst than a woman! That's sad!
You watch Trump gives worthy MOH but the Democrats will B*tch about that to.
It is a great dishonor that someone so disqualified, disloyal and devoid of valor gets to give such an award.
Good Where rchanges at Va? Stop Comey from profiting from breaking the law. Stop all trade w China Screw http://them.Walmart  can Mfg.US
Close door on China now. They will never help w NthK unless it hurts their pocket. Blow the next rocket off the stand. Go!
Dems not doing their job, research law that allows u to make changes in emergency without senate approval. Declare war.
We love getting the truth from our PRESIDENT without comments or slants from the gossip groups.
I bet they were very disappointed  they received it from you!
YOUR THE BEST WE LOVE YOU GOD BLESS 
too bad you had to honor them in the dumpy old White House.
And take their halthcare away next second - cause subsidized healthcare is a socialism

A guy who avoided the draft five times is given the position of placing medals on real war hero's OMG #america what are u thinking??
Yes did you thank him for risking his life when you ran like a baby? #privatesorefoot #hypocrite
Thank you Mr. @POTUS , for standing firm in the face of radicalized, liberal extremist media outlets & individuals.  I stand proud for you!
The previous, "President" gave medals to lesbians & other irrelevant recipients.  You, a REAL President gives medals to the truly deserving
You show up and hand shit out to people that are disgusted by you. you think your appearances like a celebrity makes up for incompetence?
The SPY

Sign the sanctions bill against Russia
Pres Trump
You have a perfect forum to use the bully pulpit. Use the oval office address to get the people on your side.
You have no concept of Honor or Valor. You would throw anyone under a bus to save your self.
Yeah...especially since you got out of serving your country due to your precious, fragile shins. Oh, and also your thin skin & cowardice.
Thebirdd67@hotmail.com
LIAR.
Too bad there's nothing honorable about you. I feel sorry for those people who earned this honor - a TURD is delivering it.
America is Big liar / Fuck America
Great ceremony
Just wondering. Did you give yourself one, too?
What does valor mean Trumpie? Ask someone for a dictionary.
Meanwhile, Obama crowns Ellen and other celebrities with a medal.
What a degenerate he was
Where's your medal? oh....
Why don't you ask him for his Medal of Valor? Remember accepting Purple Heart from honoree? It was a "lot easier than earning it", right?
Amazing Tk you Mr President for honoring our Brave men n woman in Blue and Tk each n everyone who ran into danger to save others Heroes
Don't give up. We need this country and our government working for all our citizens.
Agree they are heros. Too bad they had to receive the award from a coward and draft dodger.
Hong Kong director was criticized (下作) the US launched the Korean War + Vietnam war with crime wars. (3:15) https://youtu.be/Z8HpUXqX8ww 
U.S. president Trump should STAY in a greenhouse,  Don't as good as Chinese president Xi Jinping.
They earned medals the hard way.  You disgrace them. MEDALS FROM A COWARD!
You'll neverbe among them
@GOP @realDonaldTrump For the good of our country, party, God & the world, you need to do better!
@POTUS I admire President Trump, because the solution is nothing if President doesn't support.
I really admire you,anyway.
@POTUS
Did you have to remind yourself that there was nonpussy grabbing during the ceremony.
Oooooh the hot black girl , I knew she wouldn't mind
Give yourself the big one too honour your own illustrious military career . Donald Trump CMH
What about the felicitation of the killer president Duterte of the Philippines.

#Alerta #ULTIMOMINUTO #Venezuela #MaduroDICTADOR  #SEBIN SACARON A @leopoldolopez VAN POR @lortegadiaz Y DIPUTADOS @AsambleaVE #1Ago @POTUS 
must be weird to give an award for bravery and care for others because you LITERALLY DON'T KNOW WHAT THOSE THINGS ARE!
You are a good man I will always believe in you and have your back
BRAVO!  Thank you for recognizing police instead of entertainers.
I could not accept this Medal from this "President". He is a joke, everyday. I'd have to wait until the next President.
@POTUS
I have to admit, I was pretty choked up watching this. What took so long? Wow! Better late than never!
Any awards for Scaramuchi? Who's  to blame that bone-headed move...Hilary,  Obama? Another L in the loss column for the "Do Norhing POTUS
I would refuse this highest award; coming from a CLOWN that the world is LAUGHING at, means…..NOTHING.
These are always great posts.
Please legalize cannabos federally
Advice.....read what they've written for you before you read it out loud in public,comes over as if you've no clue what you're about to say.
Every time that I hear him speak I'm reminded of Peter Sellers character Chauncey Gardner In  Being There...Trump is a Manchild
Oh I adored his naive innocence! Wonderful film. Noooooooooo he's far from that innocence,puppet maybe but in it for ego&self.
BOMBSHELL STUDY : Voter Fraud May Have Resulted in Hillary Winning New Hampshire http://truthfeed.com/bombshell-study-voter-fraud-may-have-resulted-in-hillary-winning-new-hampshire/96757/ … via @truthfeednews
Please, president Trump send troops to Venezuela. Stop the masacre of the Venezuelan people. Arrest the dictador Maduro
TERRIBLE SPEECH GIVER!!  Reader!!!
Can't keep his lips to himself. Just because Griner acted respectfully doesn't make this appropriate. This is disgusting.
#PardonSheriffJoeArpaio MrPresident help this outstanding sheriff from    Clinton/Obama attack he's under for exposing fake birthcertificate
What a beautiful gathering! A great patriot being recognized is pure joy!Mr.President, YOU make us proud!YOU are my hero&ha hero to many!
Thank you Mr President for having a heart and for loving us and our Country! God bless you and your family. MAGA
Resign
"He’s a war hero because he was captured," Trump said 7/18/15, during an interview in Ames, Iowa. "I like people who weren’t captured."
YOU ALMOST EXPLODED NEXT TO THE AFRICAN AMERICAN FEMALE HERO.
Mr Trump you need some positive press See what this 5 y/o boy is doing to help homeless veterans http://kidtimeenterprises.com/ 
SEMPER PARATUS SEMPER GUMBY SEMPER FI FOR OUR GREAT PRESIDENT DJTRUMP AND OUR NATION 
God Bless and Thank You for Your Service  Wonderful to have a President that Respects and Acknowledges Our Vets and Active Military 
Thank You !!!
Does this include your "imaginary friend" Jim.
Can't watch anything Trump is doing... can't stand his voice, his hand gestures ...he's just a mistake on the radar...his presence ruins it!
@POTUS Trump @realDonaldTrump #HireMe @peterboykin 100% Loyal Here
I Will do the @WhiteHouse & The Office Right Resume Available Start ASAP
Ughhhh... when I hear presidental music played 4 a president entering... I ask myself... what the hell is Trump doing there... ughhhh...
You just love your orange self!! Ewwww!!!!!
Resign
Particularly thank you for honers to  Vietnam Vets. These heroes were disgracefully treated coming home. Inexcusable n they were drafted!
More bullshit
Do you mean Russian?
Proud day for Americans MAGA jcs#
Of all the presidents in history to bestow the award they had to have a yellow bellied bone spurred draft dodger..
Very good work to promote safety First
Tears fill my eyes
KEEP TRUMPING 4Americataking trick after trick from dirty DNC (colluding elitist partners in DC SEWER CRIME W "progressive" republicans).
I am happy that you said this, this was a great event and I am greatful you acknowledged these heros
Don't you mean it was a great honor, not my great honor. Go back 2 school 2 learn how 2 write a complete sentence wit ur 5th grade level
Donny gets so scared around people of color. Look how he squirms. 
How u sir
Dangerous? It's not even in the top 10 of dangerous jobs. Have another doughnut.
Nice job! All heros deserve recognition.
Dear mr trump please be an advocate for medicinal pot for all us veterans it helps with pain management and helps PTSD
