My President getting those jobs flowing for Americans.
Awesome!No bulshit likeallotherprevious  Administrations ofFake Jobs Broken Promises to Americans. More jobs, yeah!
Tell Krzanich to hire back all Intel employees forced into early retirement in Folsom, CA for H-1B visa holders.
is money all you care about? #fakenews #fakepresident
@Joss_Cross @intel   THANK YOU BRIAN!!
Wait to see this because president is best known for his lies
let the people get what they voted for. 'Even the brothers of Joseph '. Salute Trump
OF COURSE CNN WONT COVER THIS....WAY TO GO MR. PRESIDENT!!!!
do u understand this deal was done under obama?
obama was trying to get the deal done. It was originally announced in 2011 but intel would not commit.
they would not commit until now with trumps business friendly tax breaks and regulartory policies
ahh makes sense. I didn't know the details with this.

I've come to the conclusion that Dems will never be happy.This is a good thing for America but hey let's bash the POTUS.  #fucktheresistance
Prayers & Support from "WE THE PEOPLE" TY President Trump
Wow! Thank you Intel!!!
thank you! We need jobs so bad here in Arizona! Bravo!
Easily fooled. A CEO announces 4yr old news to trump & he eats it up. Silly little boy!
bring jobs to Alabama (preferably Gadsden)... this economy struggles
es lo justo sin miramientos habwr si es lo mismo trabajar y buscar quien te da patrimonio social,
el Poder de las Redes Sociales nos ayudaran a Dar guerra sin derrame de Sangre, basta la riqueza y esclavitud Moral
para ese Hijo de Migrante y Esclavo de su Soberbia misóginos Pensamientos el Tomp y familia
Di no al DONAL MISOGENO TRUMP....FFUERRAAA
Y su Decendencia, di NOOOO A SUS PRODUCTOS MISERABLES
Como hablas mierda mija.  
next computer will not have Intel inside. Don't need Donny knowing my keystrokes
@ish10040 @intel Thank you POTUS Trump for bringing jobs back to America. Next tariffs for China to defray our debt?
.@realDonaldTrump @intel Opportunistic. Work began in 2011. http://usatoday30.usatoday.com/tech/news/2011-03-28-intel-manufacturing.htm … But don't let reality get in your way! #EvilInside
Sweet so glad we voted you to lead our Country wish you also support our Native Nations @realDonaldTrump @intel
@bbl58 @intel @flame4him
good for America  and the best president  Donald Trump
So proud of that you are concentrating on revising the tax policy for U.S. business to create jobs.
si eres un 1 Verdadero Cristiano y crees en las Profecias Biblicas entonce empiese a investigar la 2da venida. ++++
That's wonderful. I really wish I could work again, but I'm going to have more surgery. @MargotBirckhead
trumps travel ban policy was originally adopted by thomas jefferson when he banned ugandans.
Thumbs up
fuck trump
goo
Good.
Except @intel already announced this SAME factory and credited Obama years ago. #AmericaFirst #MAGA
GOOD TO SEE AMERICAN MEN DICTATING TO WHAT IS HAPPENING AND WHAT'S GOING ON IN AMERICA ! MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
what is he doing with his hands? Without the sound, it looks like he's trying to rap
stupid order by an even stupider President
Stand Strong Mr President
making America great again, one step, one deal at a time!!!!!  Way to go Mr. President!!
goodness  President Trump , your going to help them but USA are still starving.
the dems are just bullies!
THEIR INVESTMENT HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH YOU...IN THEIR PLANS LONG BEFORE YOU
Yet $0 to help solve Flint water crisis.
. If companies net trade is positive exports, I don't think we should penalize thier imports, helps competitiveness.
Don't presume to take credit yet again Donny. You don't even understand the commitment. #SAD
great speech Mr President Trump!!!
uxudbvxbdjzkz z x  sisk
well sorry intel. Looks like I will be moving to AMD from now on
you're great president.
Here I thought that bulge in your pocket was newly gotten gun from mental hlth hotline, but was just a wad of cash.
hee hee they investing more than you worth.
Intel get out of working with this guy. It taints you
Nice!
why are you thanking him? You blackmail cos. They do what you want or go broke paying outrageous penalties. A**hat
And @intel just pulled its support for local STEM fairs. How you gonna #MAGA without students studying tech for those jobs?
TXHD is hiring more and more employees. You should have your family get involved. DD://textmunication.com
TXHD is a Sms mobile advertising giant. The stock is currently at .003. Price target from Ludlow Research .03.
TXHD is creating a paradigm shift in advertising. DD://textmunication.com  A 97 percent open rate.
finally, a President who isn't selling middle class jobs overseas. The Democrats so not understand this concept
in two months, President Trump has done more to create quality American jobs than the last three presidents combined
Thank you Mr Trump, no matter what people have said I know you are the best president yet, the country needs you.
OUR BIGGEST THREAT ARE THE RADICAL CHRISTIAN EXTREMISTS NOW OCCUPYING THE WHITE HOUSE AND CONGRESS. WE ARE DOOMED!
@mkues65 @intel Thank you! We are taking our country back.
plz don't let them beat u. Millions love and trust in you



your doing a great job!
*@BryanCranston
When they do it I will believe it, and I bet it's minimum wage.
Great Job Mr. Prez and intel, We support you Sir.
what you think about Indians will you make it difficult for Indians to come to America
日本語で失礼します。GOトランプ大統領！！ マスゴミに負けるな！#トモダチ作戦
LC franchise and SGDI support large corps in USA for USA by USA.. need contract for prototype. ED now complete n 360
No tweets about "Lying Flynn". WTF??? How much longer till you quit???
https://youtu.be/-o-6ftmw8CE 
I worked for John McMahon Intel Corp. I was able to tour the bldg where they make the wafer quite an experience
Trump, it's only been 3 wks and you're already the best President we've ever had
Just Do It .
@POTUS Unfreakinbelievable!! #keepupthegoodwork #BestPOTUSever! 
free infomercials from the Oval Office - Trumpf is using the Oval Office for business! Does anyone else see this?
my.first MACBOOK in i5
our new president is into results not hype.
has anyone related the flooding,  rain,  and landslides in California the handof God?
great news behind you 100%
whatever. @intel announced yrs ago about investing building a plant in US. I know I read about yrs ago.
so now all of a sudden its okay for trump to take billions in "investments" by corporations, but hilary on campaign?
Good job！
From  Hiroshima, Japan.
Great job
keep it up POTUS
Dear President Trump, dear Intel, I hope you will turn vegan, gets lots of exercise, be really healthy and have fun
it makes me sick to see you hunched over that desk. You are SO EMBARRASSING
One more company pushed around by this bully pulpit
GREAT NEWS!! One step over to being GREAT, again! Thank YOU, Mr. President!!!
no don't do that! Intel will lock down everything, making AMD nothing!!!
You talk about all the jobs, but you aren't saving anything. All the jobs planning to go to Mexico... Still going.
I been watching a lot of Semi - conductor videos on YouTube.
the pipeline does not offer many permanent jobs to destroy the water or land
the knowledge for the environment and wisdom they could she'd would be profound
I believe you have a obligation to sit with native leaders and uphold the treaties signed and land already given the
why does this man look terrified?  Does he realize that he is dooming his company perchance?
country that relies on tech we read real news papers, watch the news so we know this is bogus. don't lie for him
when he has not done any new laws or tax breaks for u to even say that. don't lie to the ppl more than half this
there families can blame u. & intel going on tv for trump so that he doesn't pick on u to act like he did something
not on it & when ppl r paying way more at the store for a product & can't feed there families or die from no medical
that all u did was throw ppl out of our country. try to stop a culture bc u r racist. & stop ACA just bc ur name is
should want to take real credit for something. BC while ur ppl may believe what u say eventually history will show
of money but what u r telling ppl is an out right lie Trump. U have not made 1 new job since being in office & u
but not all. they could let ppl work from home so they do not need to pay for a building which would save them tons
to do the job. like call centers that could be an idea bring back call centers to the us some have already done it
saying u r going to get companies to move back is pointless unless the companies need ppl to make the products or to
up with ways to create much smaller solar panels that produce much more energy. there r lots of things but just
them which in turn creates new jobs. maybe not intel but they r a tech company they shld have smart ppl who cld come
sustainable jobs, by maybe working on new energy resources so that when its done ppl can than install & maintain
so intel since u r on this thread I am sure u use machines to create ur chips less ppl. come up with ways to create
be retrained more than we need new factories that will not create new jobs bc machines can now do all of those jobs
don't want wind farms blocking ur view. But this is about better energy & more jobs not about ur view. ppl need to
so someone who worked in a coal mine could learn how to make solar panels or wind farms which of course u hate bc u
not add up to more jobs. maybe temporarily to build the factories but not long term. We need ppl to learn new trades
companies can come back but where maybe 10yrs ago they needed 1000 ppl now they may only need 50 people. the #s do
them coming back &building new factories. do u know why it will not work? bc new factories use more tech than people
before u stepped into office & actually lets hear about companies that have plants in China lets hear stories about
vietnam is so cheap cheap like u like to say. so stop using American companies that were already doing this way
businesses back to the states & than I will believe u r doing something. But that will never happen bc labor in
Mexico. so that was false. What jobs have u brought back to the states? None. lets work on bringing your own family
either they were making there decisions to update an existing plant when u said u got them to not do a new plant in
lets see you Trump actually take credit for something that u did. Show me what jobs u created. U did not help Ford
under Obama administration so u sit there & u take credit for doing nothing It is just a show to u. 1 big lying show
not matter if u were in office or not. Intel was doing this. Again they started building plant in 2011 & said this
the loss of jobs is what ur voters wanted fixed the most & so far u take something that is happening without u wld
to create fake news to ur ppl to make them think u have actually created jobs bc to them that is the biggest thing
not attack them on twitter. ceo said tax incentives nothing was created by u no new laws nothing this was a PR stunt
to the # of lost jobs. Yes intel is doing a good thing but it had nothing to do with u. they used this so that u wld
intel laid off last year 12,000 employees & the yr before 1,155 employees so adding 3,000 back is nothing compared
intel began this factory in 2011. this had nothing to do with u being in office. u did not create jobs w intel lie.
liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar
perfect sir
This is not Intelligence...Intel that you are supposed to be going to briefings about is not this company...
quite the infomercial for Intel on my dime.
Dog and pony show again!  This was in the works two years ago! You lose!
Happy Sunday Brother....
thank you brian,and a standing ovation for my president mr trump.
#AWESOMENESS
http://1380937036.tps138.com 
