All Business CEOs I know are..but I don't know any pot business owners...
lol people in small business aren't rich. Do drug dealers pay income taxes?
? Not sure why you feel demonized. But if you have all that pot... pass it out the next time wild protest break out there
Blake, I know they are paid protesters funded by DNC    Who join peaceful protesters... they funded idiots at Trump events
.@realDonaldTrump No apostrophe after CEO. It should be 'CEOs'. It's plural of the noun, NOT the possessive. Very basic stuff! #trumpgrammar
Oh, good point. I hadn't considered that. Nice to hear from you, fellow pedant; it's been too long. All well? Xx
Aye, not bad, ta.  And yes, pedantry aside, it pained me to admit that *possibly* he'd written something correctly. I doubt it, but still.
.@LyleD4D @realDonaldTrump Only his aides produce tweets that aren't a) gibberish b) hateful c) self-obsessed #trumpgrammar
But that's useful for identifying what's not been said by the cheeto-faced shitgibbon, so counts as a win. :-)
'Cheeto-faced shitgibbon' HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA *laughs forever*
That one's (C) @MetalOllie , I can't deny.
once again you are:
you fool，Trump has do the great job…

Trump's 05 income: $150m
Fed income tax: $5.3m (<5.3%)
*Alt min tax: $31m
Trump wants to eliminate *AMT
#Trumprussia
CEO's are optimistic? What about the American people? I am pulling back on spending. Trickle down economics never works!
TTT Two Term Trump 
Like the AMT so people like you don't have to pay your fair share? #ShowYourFullTaxes #LiarInChief #TrumpRussia
go get'em make America Great Again! Obama worst President in US History.
I agree with you Mr. President!   now @mikd33 shut up you damn liberal... Hillary would've been a dog with bark and no bite
i can't believe what you are doing with dodd frank. Here comes recession #2. #thankstrump there goes my 401k
wrong. Sad. Loser. Enjoy your 'feel good, in Donnys safe space' really today. #TrumpTaxReturns #crazytown #sad
You mean the regulation that ensures people with massive fortunes pay their taxes? Because you're a criminal?
Keep up the good work!  I have not felt this positive in 8 years!!!
#MAGA Sir! #MAGA You're going to be the best POTUS in History. I'm triggering trolls, I'm certain 
for the rich! Fuck the poor!
big tax cuts for the wealthy!
That's probably because most of them also have a job in your administration.
I call bullshit.
CEOs are optimistic that they will have free rein to line their pockets while harming workers and environment. #shame
BIG tax cut for the rich!
of course CEOs are psyched to get a huge tax break 
Are you going to also continue to slash the amount covered by healthcare or nah?
amen, reduce regulations, #MAGA 
china no.1
please resign. Slash regulation and get ready for another financial crisi
please have your team look into Ryan's health care proposal. Both sides have gone through great lengths to undermine you.
blah blah blah blah, RICH GET RICHER, poor get poorer.. trickle down healthcare, trickle down economics SAD SAD SAD SAD
YES! So much optimism! So much tweeting! Some say there's a CORRELATION between the OPTIMISM in the world and our TWEETING!
The more we tweet, the more JOBS get resuscitated from FUTURE TECHNOLOGIES like COAL MINING!
Imagine if it had been that CLINTON woman that we wanted to LoCK UP but ended up not even INVESTIGATING!
With her stupid, stupid plans to shut down coal. SHUT DOWN COAL? And then what? Invest in crazy schemes like SOLAR POWER?
Everyone knows solar power is a SCAM! How are we supposed to get power from a DISC that HIDES behind the earth every night?
It literally goes there EVERY NIGHT and then miraculously pops up again in the morning! Such a cheat! SAD!
Look at that arrogant sun trying to FOOL everyone! We have COAL from the EARTH! We don't need coastal elites OR the sun!
who do the tax cuts and deregulation ACTUALLY serve? CEO'S!! #trumpcare
because CEO's need tax cuts 
Psalm 20:4
May He grant you according to your heart’s desire, And fulfill all your purpose.
seperation of church and state ring any bells?
When a coal company can dump waste into America’s streams instead of paying to dispose of it safely, CEOs are very happy.
That comment shows your lack of knowledge about how coal companies operate. They do not "dump waste" into
streams and rivers. They use settlement ponds and relocate the refuge to appropriate locations away from them
Tax cuts for the richest! Yay! 
"I can't wait 2 liberate oppressed rich people! It'll be AMAZING!"
obviously you're not interested in MAGA for everyone, just big business.  SAD!

his taxes came out today showed he payed 25 percent income tax
Exactly. Now that taxes from 12 yrs ago have been "leaked" no one needs to see anything else. NICE!
did you see that there was ABSOLUTELY no collusion between Russia and Trump? All over the news
Russia didn't notice Trump as possible ally until 2011, so 2005 returns mean zero
Keep taking credit for Obama's "disaster". You should really be thanking him.
Really?  What are your Obama care premiums?  Mine are $1,200.00/MO. Pre ACA for better insurance I paid $400
Ok I will give you that but I counter with the ACA allows this and compels me to pay.  This is unconstitutional.  REPEAL ACA NOW!!!
I'd rather have what we had before the government poked their noses into something they had no business in.
Why don't we just adopt a 100% tax rate and let the government handle everything for us.
We The Ppl are Still here behind you ! Thank You and God Bless! Awesome Job
this is a brilliant parody post  please keep the #trump jokes coming.
You liberals are Entertainment 
by capitalizing "Entertainment" you're referring the entertainment industry? Parody again ™
you are special aren't you ? 
you could do better. Come on - at least bring it to a 3rd  grade response.

lol...who was president when Russia invaded Crimea, and that President did nothing. Not Trump.
those sanctions did enough for Putin to ensure his boy was elected so those sanctions would be lifted
sad people are this ignorant... Obama and Hillary's tactics being pushed onto the Russians
this doesn't mean the Russians didn't interfere with our election.
yes it does, no one voted for Trump because of the Russians- we were tired of the crooks
tired of crooks? Trump & cronies are the definition of crooks.
.@BPaddy11 @cgate0313 @JoeMyGod @realDonaldTrump Trump is a small time, his crimes petty compared to the global billions fleeced by Clintons
CEO's most optimistic since 2009. It will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we be...
You are an as sho le!!
the media has gone crazy....let him lead
That'll be good for middle class, correct?
as your administration continues to dismantle the EPA how will you address environmental concerns?
he doesn't give a shit about the environment, only about how much money his cronies make
@POTUS punctuation game is weak.

Apostrophe catastrophe!
Catastrapostrophe!
Castrati apostasy!

@realDonaldTrump
@Grammarly
Happy #Twitterversary to the only tweet to use the words “castrati” and “apostasy” (until referenced herein).
#Castrati
#Apostasy
#CastratiApostasy
#PresidentialPunctuation
Sir Donald J Trump.
I am sure they are optimistic! With you and all the other clowns(excuse me) Republicans looking out for them! Who looks out for the rest?
more jobs, consumer confidence is up, regulations being cut, it's been such a beautiful first 50 days 
 brilliant parody account. Keep the jokes coming. Thank you!!
oh your oh so very welcome
...that would be "you're " not "your ". You probably voted for Chump,  oops,  Trump!
good catch. There is a valid reason why @realDonaldTrump supporters were left behind. #dolts
The ever so loving and tolerant left strikes again.
pointing out a lack of education isn't intolerant - it's a statement of fact. Your point?
I could say the same about you bud
What you refer to as “unnecessary regulation” is thought of by most Americans as a “clean environment” and “fair wages."
SLASHING REGULATIONS will adversely affect environment + reduction in taxes will benefit wealthy #Trump! WHY?
reduction in taxes will benefit EVERYONE with a job
That old saw? Trickle down economics was debunked 20 years ago.
yep, giving rich people a huge pile of cash would make them more optomistic
Usually they are taking advantage of a privilege of their birth, as with @realDonaldTrump
No, then he payed less tax, because he was not profiting.

@realDonaldTrump
his fair share @realDonaldTrump
well, your Muslim ban is working out so well...  At what point do I get sick of winning so much?
MAN-UP Mr. President and carry this Great Nation forward or step aside and let someone else do it.
Great our marvelous President shares his thoughts with us directly. Keep tweeting! We're behind you 100%! @MAGA
"thoughts" is being generous.  I've seen rabid squirrels that are more coherent.
on the backs of the rest of us who are not CEOs?
CEOs*
cut regulation so they can make even more $ and screw the American worker out of pay, clean water & air, and needed svcs
CEO's most optimistic what?
funny rich didn't support you, but they will get the benefits your supporters won't. That's the worst populism ever.
of course CEOs are optimistic. Because your slashing taxes on them instead of the middle class
<--- doesn't understand basic punctuation, gets most powerful job on Earth... (It's CEOs)
YOUR PEOPLE ARE IN THE MINORITY COMRADE DRUMPF. MORE PEOPLE VOTED FOR HILLARY. THE MAJORITY DON'T WANT YOU MESSING WITH GOV
By the way you still have not answered my question regarding the budget maintenance for Great Lakes cleanup. Why is that?
Huge tax cuts. For the Uber stinkin' rich. Maybe someday we'll only pay 3% taxes, too.
it's not about the CEO's. You made promises to the American middle class workers.
rich getting richer. Poor getting poorer paying for the rich!
Well .. at least you look after the rich. What will middle America say when you tell them to "bend over?"
CEOs of course. What about non-corporate constituents? #sociopath incapable of #compassion #shame if you could feel it.
its all about the bottom line. The riches pockets. Environment be damned they can take the $$$ with them to the grave.
distraction
Of all the mistakes your parents made, you take the cake!
Small businesses are optimistic too!
.@realDonaldTrump working for the 0.0001%.
if you believe you know so much more then everyone else, that must mean we are all idiots!!
I will not acknowledge you as president. You are the most selfish person to hold office. U taking food from children mouth.
is recreating East Berlin during its era behind the Wall your goal?
yeah, good for you.  take from the poor and give to the rich.  filled that swamp up with deplorables, didn't you
tax cut won't help anybody who needs it. How much money do you people really need? Disgusting
You do realize that you INHERITED the economy you're taking credit for? Oh, right, you don't care! #alternativefacts
.@realDonaldTrump CEOs*
Grammar matters.
its all about you and your minions
Donald says" And don't forget my Tax Cut the most important of all. Could have saved me 24 million in 2005! #FakeReveal
@Shimmyfab All the spending and tax cuts in the world won't help us against the FED's monopolistic control of our currency
How about just stop your FL trips and get your family to leave NYC.  There are millions right there.  Tens of Millions.....
first sentence misses a noun.
you do realize Obama was president then, right? And you're riding his economic coat tails?
these dems are going to hide any evidence they have come on remember how much they lie this is real but dems obstruct
So President Obama had to release his birth certificate, but you don't have to release your taxes?
It will only profit the rich!
of course they are.  They have one of their own in power. Regulations favoring RICH. What about optimism in normal folks?
To business, unnecessary regulations. To the people, necessary protections.
I'm glad to hear CEO'S are happy, no need to worry what the common people are feeling.
Big tax cuts for CEOs and the rich.  And for the poor and elderly?? Oh just grab them by the pussy!!!!
homegrown terrorism is the problem, when r u going to address this instead of dicking around with this ban? nm1%potus
yes, the tax cuts that help the wealthy & corps, not americans
Big help for those who don't need help, hurting the elderly, poor and middle class...not my President, SICK
you should just shut up on twitter and spend your time find good ways to make the world better!  You're a orange clown!!
you and your team are the best thing to happen to this country in a long time sir !
donny, why not invest in solar and wind? as a savy investor and buisenessman turned president your in the perfect position
Meals on Wheels was slashed. True compassion POTUS
R U S S I A
the regulations are in place for a reason, reasons that clearly go beyond your capacity to comprehend
 Sad!
that's because you keep giving THEM tax breaks and perks. Where are the tax breaks for middle America??
please help the people on disability and social security they shouldn't have to choose between food and meds
Brains aren’t everything. In your case they’re nothing.

More than 100 faith leaders send letter opposing Trump's budget plan http://www.cbsnews.com/news/faith-leaders-oppose-america-first-donald-trump-budget-foreign-aid …
http://www.gangsnomore.com 
2009?  ... which was... let me see... oh yes... right after Obama was elected.
he hasn’t signed a single, substantive piece of legislation that has any meaningful impact on job creation.
I think I'd be optimistic too, with big businesses facing massive tax cuts. Shame about the other 99% of Americans though.
Of course they are, they're going to get even richer!
Since America almost went tits up and Obama pulled us out.  Yeah - duh.
attacking the working people with eliminating regulations that protect them is abuse of your power
I'd be optimistic too if I was a CEO that new the president of the United States was giving me a raise !!
When are you bringing YOUR industries back to the US?
tax cut for the rich. the middle class bepaying the most. includding salary for government
bah humbug
- BTW, noticed that we don't hear about the world's problems anymore!

Trump has become the worlds' biggest problem!
Homelessness is up in PA...why aren't you taking credit for that???
-!!!-the less the regulations the more the freedom, innovation and prompt action. #unnecessary is the mother of suffocation
Middle America & small biz are dying under taxes & regs. @SpeakerRyan needs to start working 4 US! #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Big tax cut for businesses. BTW screw the 2005 tax return, we want 2015, 2016 and 2017
If stupidity was painful, you'd be in agony
SLASH CONGRESSIONAL PAY & BENEFITS BOSS! Demand they take the same health care they approve fir the rest of US. Take charge
why are you still tweeting?? Grow up act your age and do your job please!! And if you could stop making america worse!!
yeah and just saying, prepare to have the Feds hot on your tail for that. Being in power doesn't make you above the law.
No appostrphes in plurals, sir! #CEOs
Yes, they must be happy. Those rich people bound to get richer with you. #Trumpcare #TrumpRussia #resist
#DELUSIONAL DONALD. You are destroying our country.  Thanks will be your legacy...
DONALD!  When are you going to slash your $10 mil a month frivolous travel expense? No one but you approved that, btw...
your budget isn't America first; it's defense contractors first. You are literally taking food from the elderly to by jets
Your mother is portly to the extent that it causes discomfort, and negatively affects her ability to perform daily tasks
When are u people gonna learn trickle down doesn't work with u greedy mofos?? Ur the ones who are ruining us.
such BS! You don't care about the average citizen! Only the rich CEOs lining your pockets. You are pathetic! RESIGN!!
instead of tax cuts, the wealthy can pay for the wall. Oh and how about paying down the debt. No free rides
You are a evil POS cutting food for the elderly & poor kids grrrrr
another lie you are really insane. Go away Putin puppet.
yeah- clean water isn't necessary! #fakenews
by battery backup and wind energy. I have a plan
sure unfeed the elderly what the hell is wrong with you.
@nepafortrump @CelenaMariano2 @realDonaldTrump 
Just like you, they are optimistic because they stand to increase their own personal wealth under your leadership.
Uh hello?  Their optimism is the big tax break your gonna give em!  They still think your an idiot, but will take the $!
Why don't you begin with moving Melania into the White House and you quit going on vacation every weekend? Would save 42 million per month!
.@realDonaldTrump The man so "clever" that he doesn't know that a plural does NOT need an apostrophe. SAD!
Unnecessary regulations? Does that include sanctions against your buddies in Russia?  #Trumprussia #Trumpleaks #russiagate
So much optimism that you will get the hell off of Twitter and run the country. Do better, you are a small time leader.
Again tax cut for the rich？really ？yeah what do you Care，incase anything happen just blame it to the poor and immigrant
@GOP I knew you were too old to think clearly. But this shows you have full on dementia! Just look at the past. No bueno!!!
Wow you're cutting taxes for the rich. You must be so proud of yourself. Thats what I call thinking small! How pathetic.
.@realDonaldTrump what about the poor? The old? The disabled? The sick? Oh that’s right, you don’t give a shit. They’re not billionaires.
Trump's approval rating on Gallup poll tanked to 39% from 45% on the 11th. the day of the disastrous rollout of TrumpCare.
no CEO was optimistic in 2009, that was before Obama rescued America
Cost of security for Trump Tower: $183 million/year
Budget for National Endowment Arts/Humanities: $148 million/year
Well sure they are happy. They get tax cuts and the middle and lower income people suffer for it.
yeah. Great. Big tax cuts for people who don't need it, yet I have to pay for a Fucking wall between us and Mexico.
