SNL is so hilarious! Sometimes I cannot tell which one is real which one is fake!!!
President Snowflake doesn't appreciate a little ribbing. How 'bout we Make America Thick Skinned Again...
their ratings are better than ever because of you. DJT #makeSNLgreatagain #illegitamatepresidentTrump
Are they making you mad, little Donald? Man up! Get off Twitter! Break up with Putin!
Alec Baldwin should receive a medal for his performance.  He plays you spot on.
my infant son is running a temperature, and he whines less than you.
- The "hit job" was the one you did on Prez Obama for years with all your birther crap.  You reap what you sow.
Except the one who imitates Hillary. Lol
I would not let it bother me, that trash that imitates you or tries to should take  family lessons from you
You're sad, I'm sad, trust me, we are all SAD.
they got to you again, didn't they...
Tweets so stupid and childish I always have to check if it's BLOTUS or a parody account.
Who needs Nielsen when we have the President elect.
PHUCCOUGH!
aww hey donnie you're keeping the saturday night live crew in work, u did want to be the jobs president right hun?







Bless your Heart, Donald.  You just don't get it...
R U serious?! About 2 B prez and this is what gets your goat?! We R all going to die! #weakdonald
I think I'll watch reruns of SNL instead of your coronation.  Hear you can't pay people to show up!
Did you get your wittle feelings hurt?
As they comtinue to watch their ratings go in the tank they will realize WE ARE NOT FUKING AROUND! #MAGA So FO MSM
Breaking: reality show pissboi doesn't like tv show, world shocked
seriously!!!   Trump you're a joke.   You don't deserve respect.  My God man...grow up!!!  You're an embarrassment
Don't watch them. They are not even funny. Actually disgraceful!
Art imitates life, you #whinylittlebitch
Seriously, this is what's on your mind? Your simple little petty mind? You can't rise above it, can you? Pathetic.
Donald please just forget about these no real news people.  Show the world you, we the people make America great
Not sure what you watched but the rest of America and the world except maybe Putin thought it was hilarious 
I LOVE SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE AND THINK BALDWIN WAS SPOT ON IN HIS PORTRAYAL OF DARTH CHEETO!
After Belushi died, Loren Michaels' ideas were nothing but cheap gags. Nothing funny. Baldwin is a wife abuser.
SNL use to be great but became irrelevant the last couple of years
It's not a hit job. You're just terrible.
Thanks for reminding me to watch it. Favorite show, especially when @AlecBaldwin is on.
Best show on TV.  Alec Baldwin is hilarious.  This is going be a great four seasons for SNL!
it's the #best it's #Huuuuuge #itissofuckinggood you have the thinnest skin in the world. Focus on bigger issues.
In witch hunts,  the hunters are the real problem. On an open mike, Obama tells Russia he can "be more flexible" after he
Heir-apparent Clinton would follow through. You are blamed @ every turn when investigators get close to truth, if collusion
The common name(s)? Clinton! Lying to Feds is a felony, yet again the name Clinton slides thru. PLEASE don't stop tweeting
the thin skinned orange buffoon can't handle comedy!


and nasty -- going after man's kids. Pretty low. They hate Trump but would have no show without him. Lol.
his "kids" are fully grown and even taking part in transition, jackass.
@fubaglady @NBCNews SNL is nothing more than thinly veiled contempt for duly elected POTUS... and values of American ppl.
It's hilarious. Lighten up.
SNL hasn't been funny for decades.
One person opinion. Obviously ratings are higher than ever. Hilarious pee your pants funny
.@Benito35ddDavis @HSprauge @NBCNews only w/liberals who think nasty is funny. Everyone else knows SNL sucks & has sucked 4 the last 25 yrs
nasty is their moniker but hey they are unconscious to that fact!!
Liberals lack total self-awareness.  That's b/c they're conformists & establishment drones
yep they wait to hear what direction they are suppose to take.. sad really
Fixed it @realDonaldTrump!
I can't stand SNL....never has been funny to me. Stupid humor.
OK... But why are you telling me this? I don't run SNL.
I am a noob at Twitter...sorry. 
you were quoted in an article by @nytimes
Some may think SNL is bad but it is not as bad as watching @realDonaldTrump
SNL is having the best year ever because you are such a buffoon & an endless source of material. You are a joke. You are an embarrassment. You're a loser.

@nbcsnl @SNLUpdate ROCKS! Deal with it, #Dotard.
Really? Then why do watch it. It’s great especially Alec Baldwin playing you !
So... you DO watch a lot of TV.
Still  waaay better than the Donald show...you're fired!!
Snowflake president!
It is better to watch SNL than hearing your lies, deceiving ideas and thinking your child is sexy.
It is funny. :-)
Totally agree.
millions would disagree. It's been a success for decades   Get to work & stop worrying about Alec Baldwin
Better get used to it. SNL has parodied every POTUS since Carter. They didn't complain. Grow some confidence.
they covered him 4 free in the primaries, covered 4 free against HRC and still he's the center of the NEWS now!
Did SNl make the "Commander- in - Child" really really mad?
hahahahaha. So Presidential.
I NEVER watch that TRASH!
If this is so bad why do you keep watching?  Insane much? lets hear about the intel Russia has on you first
Another alternative fact! #GrowUpDonald
... or just the best show on tv?
Trump regularly watches -- and complains about -- television shows.
the cast is kinda really terrible that part is really true
#SNL is SATIRE.  At least they don't mean it, as opposed to your mean(ingless) little twitter fits belittling any/everyone
I love SNL
I think you are the biggest "character" of them all. Classless and frankly a hypocritical a-hole.
SNL IS HYSTERICAL ESPECIALLY THE SKITS DONE BY BALDWIN. THEY ARE A HUGE SUCESS!!!
I hear the ratings are PISS poor @realDonaldTrump! It will never win a GOLDEN globe. I hear that even it's STREAMING numbers are down.
SNL is funny. Especially good when they make fun of you.
Grow up Donnie !
SNL HAS BEEN ON TV SINCE THE MID 70's!!! IT HAS RECORD VIEWS SINCE ALEC BALDWIN MOCKED YOUR GOOFY FACE AND HAIR!
Both have very high viewer counts, not that the number of people matter to you. Just like the popular vote @nbcnews @nbcsnl
@AmyClinton67 @NBCNews
SNL is hysterical, Prez Pee Pee Shower
Stop tweeting & watching TV & start LEARNING YOUR JOB.
I am so lost with all you have on your plate U attack comic's for poking fun??!!!
Saturday night is the best show since the 70s look forward to sitting on my couch on Saturday and laughing
Snl is trash now. Not funny when you have a liberal agenda interjected into comedy.
Thank you SNL. For nailing it #FakePresident
madonna not freedom of speech it's inciting treason !!!!!
Hysterical!  Alec Baldwin is great!
pisssssssss
Ha. Jackass.
@POTUS  

Saturday Night Life-Support

Their ratings are really down
He be acting like the celebrity apprentice is good television... and like he didn't host SNL this season...
Then, Easy D, UR gonna REALLY hate it tonight. 1.5 HOURS of PURE humiliation heaped upon UR WHOLE vile family.
SNL is the BEST of TV! Not there job to kiss your dictatorial ass!
whaaaaaaa!
All shit floats to NBC!  Didn't @megynkelly  move to NBC? ;)
Loving this season of #SNL and #AlecBaldwin!
please learn to laugh at yourself and not take anything personally.
"When people make a mistake, they should apologize"...  well?... we're waiting!
I can just hear Alec Baldwin saying that with his Trump accent! Hilarious!
No, SNL is pretty much on point.  Can't stand to watch yourself, eh?  Yeah, we can't stand looking at you either.
prez of the US gives a F#%* what is on SNL.Get a set of balls & laugh a little. It's gonna b 4 more years of jokes
Who watches TV now days? It is the thing of the past
will not watch anything on lame stream media!
but dumpie.we the Americans love it.hum do u have to hit the blue pill on the weekends.
They make you bearable! SNL willl  get us through the next four years!
I'll be  watching  it  from  now  on !
SNL and NBC is the best!  SNL is the funniest show on TV. Thanks Donnie for keeping me laughing!
I have to thank you. I am watching SNL again. Thanks to you!!!
yeah except for the time's you hosted right ? try tap into that scottish DNA you'll grow a very thick skin
weren't you on SNL like less than a year ago? #hypocrite
gotta ignore the stupid people oth left
- Your view only!  Big audience thinks very funny - in your OWN WORDS! Please stop embarrassing us & providing material?
naw your wrong SNL has the best cast and it's better than listening to you talk
IT IS NOT EVEN FUNNY!  THEY HAVE A STUPID WAY OF MAKING PEOPLE LAUGH.  NOT BELLY LAUGH FUNNY.
I have never liked SNL terrible bad bad humor!
Oh my fucking god. Just cry me a goddamn river.
i thought it was very funny..and #PresidentBannon was great
Donny it's probably because you're the sad sack behind the humour...
Says the man whose own show (w/ or w/o you) and persona have much lower ratings and staying power.
now now komrad trump... have you ever seen more people under such a cloud as they will be on your inauguration?
except when they make fun of you. That's comedy gold. #growthefuckuptrump
I agree.  It was funny initially but now appears as kind of spoiled brats calling names in grade school.
You poor thing...
SNL is hilarious.  Don't be insulted l.. They make fun of everyone.
That's why their ratings have sky rocketed since Alec Baldwin started mocking your. Another lie from the Lying PEOTUS
http://www.cnn.com/videos/tv/2015/11/26/donald-trump-mocks-reporter-with-disability-berman-sot-ac.cnn …
You are a REALLY BAD PRESIDENT.
@nbcsnl @NBCNews have built strong, positive reputations over many years. Maybe you should take a lesson and focus on yours
Saturday Night Live is funny, but not nearly as funny as you. You are in way over your head. America wants you out
I quit watching SNL years ago they eren't funny anymore.
Right... I'm guessing that's why you hosted it. Twice.
Awww, did SNL hurt your feewings?? If you don't want them making fun of you, then you'll have to grow a brain
Not funny?? It's freaking hysterical!! You reap what you sew.
WRONG!!!
you probably watched every Saturday before you became a subject of their skits.
Saturday Night Live is 1 of the longest running shows OF ALL TIME. You're just pissed BC they can't stand U either
what is wrong with you?
. Sometimes it is funny.  Best to laugh at ourselves.  I know, only, from experience.
It was uproarious
So thin skinned
Agreed.
LOVE SNL!!! 
JUST LOVE THEM ALL!!! 
AND @NBCNews too!!!!
Wow! Week after week you diss SNL, yet you continue to watch every week. Me thinks thou doth protest to much.
I can't believe you are crying over a show. I think it's hilarious. Represents you well.
That's why I never watch the show
Stop Watching
SNL rocks!!!!!
every president is mocked by SNL. Stop complaining! It's a waste of time!
So humor directed at you is too painful to be funny?  NOT.....  Actually it  is VERY funny.
don't give SNL any air time stick to issues. From FED UP OLD AMERICAN wishing u best
Careers are dwindling, got to ride the coattails of the #TrumpTrain. Albeit a totally disrespectful way to do it!
I agree it's not good except for the perfect impressions Alec Baldwin does of you.
Donald Trump Press Conference Cold Open - SNL https://youtu.be/4_Gf0mGJfP8  via @YouTube
... When to keep your mouth shut.
You must not think so since you watched it.
grow a sense of humor!!!! Your going to need it.#stone face
Hey Donald, "You're fired."
We stop watching. You should too. Stay focus forget them. Working people are sleeping.
#FACTCHECKPLEASE
Use to be funny in the 70's. Now all television has one goal; to cause division. That's why I watch DIY channels.
Wrong! Don't take yourself so seriously!
@danjonesccg @NBCNews Yup!  Been saying that for years...
I hope you know that you're just giving them what they want. SNL wants attention and your giving it to them. And by the way
They are doing their best shows. Show how much of an Ass you truly are. #Trumpwantstobanghisdaughter
You watch a lot of shows you think are bad.  Don't you have better things to do? LIke learn how to be president?
