
Mr President don't listen to the fake ppl who cant see what's right in front of them. you r great it can't be easy.
Bot
Sir don’t worry we no longer believe the MSM.
I SUPPORT you Mr. President!!!
a racist old Boston trash bag who never saw combat, looks the other way when it comes to domestic abuse and child molestation and has candy corn teeth?
President Trump you lead like George Washington . The world is against you but God is with You stay strong and all will be well .                     Your Friend Mel
No one is buying what the liberal fake news is saying.. They are running scared and will say anything at this point!!
You are the fake news.
Pray lncessantly.               Mel
Hire me : https://goo.gl/WuzNW6 
my portfolio:http://rtahmin.com 
millions of ppl lost all respect for Kelly - showed his true self - not a nice picture.  Liar just like u.
Follow me all free
Fake president!
So leave, if you do not like him.
That’s the spirt!
Get over it...snowflake
#fakeTIMEcover
When will the Socialists,  Left Wing Media and Hollywood finally realize that Trump was elected President.  Get over it. JM
You have a LOT to learn about the 1st Amendment.
General Kelly lied to back you up, decorated general or not.
Hey trump haters..troll on somewhere else. We are sick of your bull!
I appreciate hearing the truth from my President! Sick of fake news!
Knock it off with fake news BS. You're fake.
You are NOT twelve on a playground - grow up and be a president.
Is this fake news?
The Hillary Lost people need to seek counseling.
My courageous American family spits on racist black barrel Congresswoman damn dem Wilson. BOOT Wilson out of Congress! Empty barrel to NoKo!
The racist Congresswoman Wilson spit on Congress, dead heros, suffering widows. This empty black barrel committed outrageous act of treason!
I feel they always point there finger at you . Let's be fair the truth is be honest when you report the news.
This is going to be your Benghazi!!
Greatest President of all Times. Thank you for your Service Mr. President!!!!
hello ? how are you doing
Our DOJ SHOULD BE INVESTIGATING THESE DEMOCATES AND LOCKING THEM UP. STOP ALLOWING THEM A FREE TICKET. CONGRESS IS OUT OF HAND SAME AS MEDIA
He drank the koolaid
Gen Kelly needs to answer questions about the tape of the Congresswoman Wilson dedicating FBI Bldg.
You are fake news liar
I hope you get impeached
@CNN @HillaryClinton @DonaldJTrumpJr AGAIN THE FAKE NEWS IS TRYING TO CHANGE FOCUS FROM "LIAR HILLARY URANIUM PAY4PLAY"
no it's just to hurt your tender little feelings Donny boy.
Technically, once DJT succeeds in ruining #Obamacare, it becomes  #Trumpcare, with enrollment locking millions into unwanted health plans.
Have you listened to the real news? People  cannot and many are not insured because of Obamacare. You must never have had to pay a fine.
I got my eyes operated on before Trump took office.  Obamacare is not perfect, but it was better than it was before.  Trump owns it now.
You love blacks so much you avoid shaking their hands or hugging them, but I get it I wouldn't want your pussy grabbing hands on me
He's just cleaning up your mess what you call it
The media & congresswomen are out of line calling Kelly a racist. The news fabricates one day they’ll tell the truth & no one will believe
Thats because he didnt tell the truth. You have them all lying
Love General Kelly!
The only reason why any of this is even being talked about is because 80% of what you say is Fake News. Time to Grow up
You know what? He's not a general anymore. He's your Chief of Staff & he deserves no more respect than you show for your office.
So you don't respect rank or office?
So you respect yourself?

I am appalled and sickened by the disrespect for this great man, our President and our fallen warriors by the media. Is nothing sacred?
I am too. The left needs to get over tbe fact that the PERSON we wanted in office is in office. Let him do his job.
Fake news is calling arabian gulf , but it is PERSIAN GULF dont make fake!
Sir! Please hold the clintons to the same as us the US people
PLEASE put Killary in prison.
Please just go away!
Not fake news. You lied. Kelly lied. Business as usual. You're drowning in your own swamp. I almost feel sorry for you.
Mr. President , they are not hurting anyone but themselves , We do not watch FAKE NEWS ! We watch Real News with FOX !
Fake TV businessman, fake tan, fake marriage, university and charitable fund & your promise to release your taxes all fake. U were saying?

Pro-Trump "war hero" featured on Fox News never actually served http://thebea.st/2hQQluC 
Where's you're proof that you didn't say it? Liar!
It is my belief that General Kelly is On Assignment working for you. He will agree with anything because his assignment is to work for you.
#andtheparanoiagoeson
Well, you knew what you signed up for, sir.
By the way, it was despicable the way you ghoulishly turned Gen. Kelly's son into a political prop.
Thank god the news is talking about Niger  because you sure as fuck aren’t! SAD!
You brought him up!
Mr. President
Please notice of our Tae guk ki demonstraton. We are right people who love Kor-US alliance.
Beware Mr. Moon he is socialist.
I kinda like his tweets, rely less on the B.S.  media that you claim no one cares anymore ..guess its from your media outlet ?
Nothing is sacred.
I don't know what the media are going to do, when they won't be able to lie anymore.
You're a gull
rex Wilkerson called you a moron. He was right.
trump, are you TRYING to be evil? Or are you just dead inside, slacking empathy or compassion?
Fake news is unconstitutional-think about it
My wife and I , retired Air Force Officer, support you 100%.  Our church, Parkway Baptist , pray for you and our country.  Biloxi, Ms
You start "fake news" with your chronic lies. I do not believe you...ever...because you flip flop if the wind blows. Look at your history.
#youmayhavegoldkennyb
Speaking of fake. FAKE HAIR. FAKE BUSINESSES. FAKE WEALTH. FAKE LIKEABILITY.
By the way he hates you like we all do
We don't listen to fake news.
You're such an idiot, you are the fake news trump!
Fake pres. And moron in chief is at it again.  Another day, another lie.
The only thing fake now is the individual in the White House!
Do your job. Stop the tweeting! Have you lost your mind!
The Fake invented fake news
#fakepresident
You are sad  hahaha.
Fake President
Hahah fake president, funny until some nukes drop
Why FCC not speaking about Sinclair acquisitions??? Looking to spread MORE fake news??
Please revoke FOX license
Praying for a presidential sized stroke
http://surpay.site/?r=247276 
....... answering to Mike Pence! Pence is just standing behind you, smirking, and patiently waiting....
Fake news for fake president. Real news for real president. Thats how it works.
The MOST HIGH SAYS UNTO HIS PEOPLE "NO WEAPONS FORMED AGAINST THEM SHALL PROSPER"" SO PRESIDENT TRUMP OR DRUMPH OR WHATEVER YOUR NAME STOP
What About Hurting The American People Via Chemtrails Chief?? MAYBE YOU ALL HAVE THE SHOT TO COUNTERACT THE POISON OR SO YOU THINK
I'm so sorry you all are going through this awful disrespect . We love you & all you stand for!
IDIOT!!!!
We don't fallow the news anymore we do the tweets
Soon be ... what with Jennett Hill??  Not alone!! Don't you know your own people?
Mr. President please answer this one question for me. Is all the news fake unless it comes from you, & please stop the tweets
Yup @potus opens his mouth and #fakenews abounds #propagandist @POTUS @VP @GOP are #LOSERS
Liked General Kelly before he was turned into puppet!!!
watch out they already are saying if people voted for trump, they don't want them around them.
He won’t leave. He’s afraid of what you’ll do if he does.
If Kelly resigns it's because your moronic behavior
Why don't you stop with the whining already?
stop tweeting aren't  you the President? lmao thats very unprofessional Mr Trump
Have you looked at photos of John Kelly when you are making ridiculous statments at various time. He looked embarrassed and baffled.
the “fake news” card is getting old.
Saying something is “fake news” without any proof is like me calling someone a hater because they criticize me
Please provide a link.
Fake president doesn’t know who the president of the US Virgin Islands is (hint: it’s in the name) #moron

Liar, you are afraid of General Kelly. He’s keeping you from doing more damage than you would actually like to do to the American people.
But wait...
It is obvious that most people replying here have nothing better to do but spread hate, I hope they don’t teach their children hate!
Anything that comes out of your mouth it's just bulshit
You are fake news you invented the word stupid remember you are never be my president
Fake President
Too become a billionarie takes brain power which you obviously dont have
Russian Troll Bagonis! I’m sure Joseph Bagonis is not a billionaire. By his logic, Bagonis is not too smart.


Every time you use misdirection you demean yourself and the presidency
XaaXXaa,e£qqqaaQq Sadie ea5,fs rx1£gqQqqq@@XfsfI accesqs11
I'm not worried about him he is battle tested.
You say that now, but you’re like a schizophrenic child who says different things every hour to puff yourself up like a prideful balloon.
@LeyendeckerElva I don't believe a word the Fake News media says. Thank you President Trump for tweeting the TRUTH!
Keep tweeting.  Is the only way to het your work and actions thought.   Thanks.
The only fake thing here is you DUMPTRUMP

Listen all of y'all it's a Sabotage
On Health Safety & 1st Amd
#ACAsabotage #PR #IranDeal #PenceStunt #NBCLicence
Trump you need a honest life. Country respects Kelly but not you. We want his reputation not to be damaged "babysitting" you,"F*c*ing Moron"
We need to take about that Fake skin tone.
He's a good man who's reputation doesn't deserve to be ruined,his patriotic heart keeps him there But SOON it will also make him walk away
You have to be in the top ten of worst leaders ever.  in history. in the world. at any time. top ten. easy.
Everyone that has any association with Trump inevitably gets hurt.
Fox?
Until he disagrees with you about something. Then, "YOU'RE FIRED!"
seriously please just be the president
Can everyone just be quiet and accept he is our president
YOU SHOULD fire him. sessions, mattis, all the gop'ers. they are after you. just do what you want. your the prez.... do it. fire the nukes!
THIS
IS
NOT 
NORMAL
Did you ever consider Kelly may not like you
blahblahblahmoronictalkingblahblahblah
Whoever is a WOMAN who loves Fucktard POTUS really should get their fucking brains examined
Today Congress needs to recognize that Donald Trump is a clear and present danger to the citizens of the USA.  They need to invoke the 26th.
This is so so like you.  One day ypu love him, the next you are going to fire him.  I feel sorry for anyone who has to be around you at all.
Boo
Shouldn’t your Hat say Make America Clean and white again!???!
Your base wants to line those who don’t support you against a wall and shoot us in the head.  They are counting on you to make it happen.
#FakePresident
The way he's kissing your arse says John Kelly will be around until evidence forces him to resign as well.
You should grow a little black mustache.  Maybe we can hail you
