Currently approaching 7 minutes for the completion of this thought https://twitter.com/lukeoneil47/status/814117328086503425 … @realDonaldTrump
It takes Trump 5-6 minutes to write a sentence based on the time between 1st and 2nd post in a tweet pair. 
love that the President-Elect unironically uses super-long ellipses like a complete moron
wow drafting off a Trump post gets you some real primo Lib-crusher replies
This is my new model now. It's all I do.
thanks Comey!
it's time for America to be vigilant against those who have decided to kill us.
us citizens kill more americans than any other group (specifically, males). your proposed plan is?
wonder what kind of tears u will cry when America looks like Syria?

Where are the tax returns? You can't show America you're in debt to the world or you may be DQ'd #TaxesOrResignationWillDo
I'd like to see some mental health records as well.
the last week was grate Donald Trump Amen 
Sure am glad we have a bunch of these to use as fire starters when you tank the economy and no one has fuel anymore.
apparently a small group in this Country actually think 45 years of government theft is one man's fault.
..and you just keep showing you're a thin-skinned BRAGGART & not Presidential.  Grow up.
why are you so worried about what people think? #thinskinned
yup~last week~FBI carried your ass over the finish line after putin carried you for most of the time
you won. Move on and start telling us specifics about actual policies.
please just stop talking #shutup
Sir, is there an intelligence briefing you could be going to today?  Let the past go.. you must move to the future.
keep saying you won. You know it irks you to know you didn't win the vote of the people! Which means more to you!
You must be a soothsayer.  Sorry, you'll have to look that one up.
*** Who the f^@$ cares? Why are you so insecure about this? We get it. Go do something presidential. Get over yourself.
The Secret of Oz by Bill Still https://youtu.be/Sboh-_w43W8 

meh.
time to move on to more important things than gloating about your election win. Im sick of hearing about it.
Get over it. Nobody else cares anymore.
Stop whining. Please figure out the correct priorities and move on.
media corrupt dictatorship. I want freedom does not mean that the Western peoples. media dominated by central powers lies
hahaha buffoon.
.@realDonaldTrump Pillow talk with you must be so sad!
Unlike current POTUS he is not into guys sorry no pillow talk for you.
you lost the popular vote by 2,86M votes, pretty obvious they thought you had 0% chance to win the electoral college
Those morons were in CA. Illegals conning the system. They have S Security, via Obama.
lies
Sorry I'm late here. What did I miss? Ohhhhh...talking about your election and not the future.

when Putin pulled some strings?
you would rather turn a blind eye to a foreign power hacking & influencing our election bc your guy won
the election is over, time to govern. You serve us, not the other way around.
too bad Obama and Clinton didn't serve us!! 
funniest profile pic EVER!   LOL.  Meow
certain arrangements I made to work with the Russian agents to create a quid pro quo deal. Presidency for eased sanctions!!
YES IT DID BECAUSE YOU CHEATED. YOU KNOW YOU COULDN"T WIN ON YOUR OWN HAHAHAHAHA
We know why
Didn't Hillary say no foreign gov hacked her email. Perhaps Russia's alleged hacks were made possible by Hillary #careless
You're a lunatic.  IMPEACHMENT COMING SOON.....
You're getting really scared of jail, huh? Poor thing, they won't let you dye your hair and spray tan your face. Sad!
Why, then, won't he lock her up? Huh? 
I didn't think so.
Nope. Because he can't. And he knows it; why don't you?

http://areyousorryyet.com 

#Wetriedtotellya
change the subject when you have no answer? Trump had taught you well, sheep.
Because daddy putin told you so.......sad
because you and your son's cheated.
You did lose the election, and America will never forget it.  You won the electoral college, an outdated institution.
have you stopped being corrupt yet?
How can he be corrupt dummy?  He has not help political office in his entire life.
not paying taxes for 20 years and not paying workers sounds pretty corrupt to me.
Who did that?
Trump
You have 0 credibility
here's a credible source
So take him to court.  That is the purpose of the court.  All I see are whiny libs.

U.S. Psychologist Dr. W.C.M. Resing estimates Donald Trump's IQ to be between 70-79 (cognitive impairment) after studying his speech patterns and behaviour for eight months in 2017. "Mr. Trump is not a moron but he is clearly on the lower end of the intelligence scale." @VP @GOP
thks 2 the russians!
You did think you were going to lose the election, @realDonaldTrump. Remember your whole spiel about how it was rigged against you?
You could tell from the look on your family's faces that THEY were shocked by the results. I understand denial is a serious @realDonaldTrump
problem for you. It's time to face reality. Stop the bluster and start acting like a real leader would. @realDonaldTrump
let him at least get sworn in!
.@tjmoore2885 @realDonaldTrump He's 70 years old, he's had 68 years to get over being a toddler. Two weeks won't change that.
what's your excuse did you need a cry baby room, poor f-ing losers.
The only people I've seen acting like cry babies are not on my side of the aisle. @tjmoore2885 @realDonaldTrump
NO just in the streets acting like poor losers, pulling innocent people from cars.
that's right "Obama Hussain" 
Schumer a BIG loser!!!
@MichaelBend @POTUS ABANDON completely the Iran NUKE DEAL!!! @BretBaier @trish_regan @TeamCavuto
Dont be mad that he chose a prettier model over you.  Not great behavior!


ok I'm bored. Go pray to your leader.he loves the worship.
As you wish.  Ill check in another day when you get bored of tweeting to no one in particular
I am only here to let trump know he does not have my support, and to remind him the rest of his time
I don't think he cares.  He has his mandate from the American voter.  Time for him to deliver on it
you cheated to win and still didn't win the popular vote
, but you really did NOT win. HRC won popular vote and Russia fixed Electoral! #putinspuppet
they didn't factor in that Putin was helping you steal the electoral college.
thanks to Russia!!
Gradually the truth is coming out--- the bias in the hierarchy of the FBI  in favor of HRC is so evident -- where is Jeff Sessions in all of this- we need a special council to investigate.
You didn't have a clue and you knots it.  We're still trying to get rid of you and will not stop until you're in handcuffs
Donald. You’re becoming your mother. #AntiTrump #Trump #TrumpLeaks #trumptrain #maga ? #notmypres #antitrumpmvmt
proof please not rehtoric sir?
great start you @ least spelled it with a capital G,now where's ur proof to the?
absolutely we must all ask for forgiveness & give it as well sir! I'm not his judge & if u are in tune w/holy spirit grace!
let it go -- you won. Govern. Lead.
He doesn't know how to.
U R SO TRANSPARENT! The more you insist on repeating this, the clearer it is that you STOLE THE ELECTION W/ PUTIN #treason
...it's been all downhill since then. P.S. hope you sent Comey a nice Xmas gift. Won't match the one he gave you.
how so Ed. Put up or shut up.
If you have to ask, it's not worth the dialogue.
I get it Ed you're a liberal.
I'm a practicrat. I look for what's practical w/some facts to back it up. Ideology is for robots.
sorry blind hate for trump is ideology. Thats all we see on your thread.
I hate stupidity. All #Trump says & does is stupid. If he acted like an adult once, it would help.
admistration picks stupid....as opposed to say hillarys at this point xplan.
CIA is finding out as we speak
Do you ever tell the truth?
it came together only because your Republicans got the FBI Republican to release a lie about
So you admit it. You were losing until Comey released his useless statement about HRC's emails. How much did you pay him?
Massage reality all you want but never forget that you LOST the POPULAR vote.  74 million people don't want you!
MSM; "Trump has NO CHANCE of winning! He'll lose to Hillary for sure!"
Trump's motives are for the people
I'm sure the Comey email announcement helped with that.  How Giuliani for his money's worth
You're a treasonous incompetent. Hopefully you'll be impeached before you do too much damage.
Where are your tax returns? And you know Putin and Russia hate USA right? That's cold hard fact

you won!! Enough! !
hahahaha, no body believes them in the real world,  we pay for cable to be filled with lies.
. Im so happy for you president trump
#dementia man trying to re-write history. Do you know what that means?
Yes, they assumed you would lose because they had way too much faith in our country. Can't believe we've elected a bigot...
You better start thinking about something more meaningful.
Will you shut up and grow up!
Yeah, amazing what Russian hacking and traitor Comey can do to hijack our electoral process.
An ellipsis (plural: ellipses) is a punctuation mark consisting of three dots. @realDonaldTrump
give it up over 50% of the population hate you.
Hey, look on the bright side, the KKK newspaper had it right!
urgh
...I'm sorry, #popularvoteloser says what?
yes it did..We were all working for you..lost only 1 friend..
do you not know you were on video saying just that.  #canttakebackwhatusaidonvideo #cantliewhenseenonvideo
@mike4193496 You can't win in life expecting to lose. You have a winners mentality It's contagious 
cheater,
Maybe Trump is Putin's tool, or is being blackmailed. But isn't it more likely he's just an insecure little creep
OBUMER is a failed president CNN tonight is showing how great and fantastic obumer was , this is why these  are liars .
you did lose the election but you're rich buddies catch in, now it's your turn to pay back The conservatives #Crook #liar
you SAID you were going to bring us together. NOT a good job! Seems you are rapidly losing those who voted for you to boot!
Why are you already balking on your promises and hiring Clinton's #Benghazi aide Hugh D'Khenya? A MUSLIM?!  @realDonaldTrump
Donald Trump: I'm going to drain the swamp
@ABHllc @realDonaldTrump
Donald Trump is a liar- he said he'd #LockHerUp and now he's gonna let her live in luxury instead! Sad!
Donald Trump plays golf with the Koch Brothers

#FACT
...lost the popular vote by a huge margin.
I quit the birther lies, and I put the $25 million university fraud behind me and I got comey doing some cool email shit
Enjoy your victory with sense of gratitude and humility..
but can you make my son get a real job?
you didn't know till the last min
election was over ages ago. Stop fixating. What are you? 12? #Putin put you in the #oval_office. Be quiet #Putinspuppet
Don't EVER let them tell YOU what YOU THINK!!!
IT WAS HIDDEN UNTIL IY WAS TIME TO REVEAL!!!!
@stephenkbannon @seanspicer The lying Media is hate-filled corrupt anti-American & Beats the War Drums for any & every war.

oh shut up about it already! No one cares anymore....get over yourself!
is thereanyone who can tell me how many Twitters does he send everyday? Totally 34k!!
You lost the popular vote ...3 million.  Tough transition.  President Obama won the gallop poll over you, too.
- CNN is using one number from the gallop polls - personality- he could be a rock star
Perhaps divine providence most likely. I and a priest think you are prophetic.  Keep up good work. Be close to Holy Father
Don't you have work to do?
It must suck knowing that you lost the vote of the people so #bigly! #therelloser
#lostby3million
Media needs an overhaul!! Just the facts Mam! The truth and nothing but the truth? HELL THEY CANT HANDLE THE TRUTH!!! Amen
Do you plan to protect  investment in domestic manufacturing against import, price remain same "Love America-Buy American"
winning with the help of Russian hacking is not winning
they don't follow @Franklin_Graham and nor the push to get Christians out to vote.
No, seriously, even I never thought I'd find so many suckers ready to believe my lies! But I did count on Vlad...
move on and release your taxes!
The last week was powerful. However it was Trump signs the whole time!
you will be impeached soon! Majority of the country thinks you don't know shit about being a president. Move to Russia!
With all that you have to work on, does it really make sense to place priority on retroactively stroking your ego? Govern!
Don't be a cockwomble, Donald. Nobody likes a cockwomble.
they thought they were going to win because they started believing in their own fake polls
FBI did not hurt the cause
Do you even remember the things that come out of your mouth? https://abc7chicago.com/news/trump-said-he-felt-he-was-going-to-lose-the-election-despite-denying-it/1683372/ …
I knew you were going to win when I witnessed the massive wave of humanity at Germain Arena in Estero FL.
=> This election taught me you should always believe in yourself, even if you are dangerously unqualified for the job
54% of the American voters DID NOT want you to be president.
those media and pundit should be drain....off the swamp
Cheat !
you DID lose. Hillary had 3 MILLION more votes.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/blogs/plum-line/wp/2017/01/02/yes-donald-trump-lies-a-lot-and-news-organizations-should-say-so/ …
Why do you keep rehashing the election? You won. Time to put your money where your mouth is and show some leadership.
wisdom, wealth and divine generosity with several wifes. Hail Trump!
You LOST the Popular Vote!!
Wrong. #wrong
thieving filthy governing MARXISTS BE DAMNED https://www.lewrockwell.com/2016/12/bionic-mosquito/democracy-damned/ …
Who cares, shut up. We're tired of hearing you relive the horrible night you snuck away w/ a win like a thief in the night.
sorry but just between you and me I thought you were going to lose to. Very thankful you won!!!  Happy Missourian!!
your buddies Comey & Putin came thru bigly.
#hope
Thank God!!!!!!!!!!!!  Sweet, sweet morning day after election.
Why do you continue to boast about yourself?? Do you not have better things to focus on??
Media is so liberal and support globalism. They will never support you. However, American people willretired Special Agent/veteran
not releasing your tax returns. Very strange!
yes, it's amazing what can happen when you're in bed with Russia. #cheatingtowinisntreallywinning
Shouldn't you be using this time to, you know, read the Constitution? Just saying... Could be helpful. #resist
And......even I...@realDonaldTrump thought I was a loser
so glad Trump won :-)
I always knew you would win and win and win!!!
moving along.....
- No one cares about your winning the election anymore.  Move on.
we are waiting for you Mr President. 2 more weeks.
Yeah, the Electoral College is a disaster, as you yourself said.
We all thought you were going to lose.  Too bad it came together.  Been crying ever since.
and a big big day coming up for The Don
Thanks, Putin.
God is still in control. Prays of the nation directed the results.
talks and writes at 4th grade level,  forgetful, easy-to-anger easy-to-distract. Hmm,  you have tramatic brain injury!
I knew you were going to win bk of how hard you worked but Now You have to pay attention to All Of Us.
:get over it. Everyone was surprised u won including you and your team!
you are insane just focus on being president we could give a s..t about your rationalizing
Instead of gloating all over yourself, why don't you attend an intelligence briefing before you get everyone killed.
You make women so happy, therefore you were so generous to share your
Marie Osmond said she would sing for Donald Trump at the inauguration that would be cool to get Donnie as well
You did lose, the establishment choose you not the people.
I feel like we're all stuck in Cheetoland Groundhog Day. I thought this was January 2017 not November 2016. 
IM OUT TWITTER. B BACK IN 4 YEARS
But but Hillary had more votes
Mr. Trump, in case you haven't figured it out, you had the favor of God on your side, not that you didn't deserve to win...
not very presidential Mr.Trump . Actions speak louder than tweets 
Why are you still going on about this?!  You are an insecure child!
yes you won, congrats, now shut up and let's see if you can govern.
. @realDonaldTrump is the guy at the party going, "Speaking of the election..." when nobody was.
#donthecon #notmypresident
