You can easily win your #favorite product without any hassle. Click here and do not #win your favorite product.  http://www.freeproducts.ml 
Republican favorite Benjamin Netanyahu may have to resign as Israeli  Prime Minister over corruption and bribery charges #Netanyahu #Israel  http://crooksandliars.com/2018/02/israels-right-winger-netanyahu-big-trouble …  …
We need to remain a  Christian Judeo Nation!
But, what about the good ppl marching under confederate & Nazi flags?
Breaking News: Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu should be charged with bribery and fraud, the Israeli police said, putting his political survival in doubt #Israel #Netanyahu
Awesome! God is Pleased.
YOU REALLY PUMP YOUR EGO
همین حوری فلسطینی بکش کثافت
LORD BLESS YOU TWO AND YOUR FRIENDSHIP, AS WELL AS OUR COUNTRIES FRIENDSHIPS!
Israeli police recommends indicting Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for corruption #Israel #Netanyahu http://hill.cm/AIvAXF9 
DÜNYA 5 TEN BÜYÜKTÜR
BY TERÖR DEVLETLERI 
#WorstPresidentEver
♡☆☆☆☆☆♡
I hope you enjoyed your visit with @netanyahu . Did the discussion about the murder of #Palestinian people ? You guys sure do love control!
من حاضر تا صبح گوه کنم رو سورتش


Does your good friend know your father was a klansman and that you think some neo-nazis are good people?
Well how long have you been such good friends?
Thank you Mr. President Donald J. Trump

Sad...
Ask him about Israel's Wall.
You don't have any friends.  They are just pretending to like you, like GOP does.
No one is your good friend.  You are an international laughing stock and you are ruining the reputation of our country. #Resist
Looking forward to the tapes, crooked Donnie
Senhor deveria prender o Michel Temer esse cara faz mal ao país
#NoAmnesty, #NoDACADeal, #BuildTheWall, #AmericaFirst  not illegals first
Glad to know. Israel is our greatest ally on the world stage. Thanks POTUS Trump & PM Netanyahu great leaders.
He is the killer of the Muslims of Palestine. We won't accept him.
For the first time in 8 years, America has a President who stands with the Jewish State!
President Trump knows that Israel is the only free democracy in the Middle East, a model nation!
Feckless Obama refused to stand with Israel in the global fight against Islamic Terrorism!
Muslim Obama actually supplied arms to the Syrian "rebels," also known as ISIS.
Why meme...we write words..with our brains....and we can spell. Memes are fir sissys
And....wiretapped before and after election by o administration...hmmm guess we know who's really going down..bye. bye dnc
These people are so dumb. They conflate different fake news stories into one vast conspiracy 
A powerful man indeed.
It is hilarious that you think your 33 year old son in law is going to solve world peace.
I find it hilarious that you think your twitter feed will impeach trump.... or is it seriously depressing?
@clivingstonteam, did you see this? Love it!
Much Love and Respect for you President Trump!! 
2 a yeis ... meet me.
POLL 

Who is better with our greatest ally Israel??

Vote below and retweet!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!
AND VOTE ON MY OTHER POLLS  @realDonaldTumpr
"All cruelty springs from weakness." - Lucius Annaeus Seneca

Making  

America 

Great 

Again
If Hitler were alive and on twitter

He would spend his days ranting about Merkel and retweeting Trump

Tells you all you need to know
And you know this how? Were you a close friend of Hitler?
It's called knowing your history
My daughter's birthday 10 +
You lost the election, didn't you? What will you say after it's proven? Will anyone care...
Quite nice to have our president actually get along with our best ally.
What happened to your site??
#notmypotus
Americans are so proud to have you as our president, sir. World leaders now realize we have a strong leader, and they respect you!
#MAGA
You do know he is a Jew. Those are the people your people hate.
Please discuss about Biafra sir thanks and God bless you sir
Donny, rumor has it, Mueller has your coveted tax returns. He knows all the secrets you would not show the American people. Not good for you
A couple of corrupt and massively unpopular men hanging out in NY. Wouldn't be the first time.


How is YOUR spiritual growth coming along, Sparkle?
I hope someone puts turds in your dinners
Love trumps hate huh
there is nothing hateful about a turd. a turd is just that, a turd. nothing more, nothing less. it is valueless. a turd.
that's actually not true, turds are very sanitary and contain a lot of nutritional value
You don't show your face or your age. I would guess your twenties. I had your ideas back then but now I'm sixty. Your ideas will change. I promise. Then you will  bitch about the young ideas. I hope you come to your scenes sooner than later
you can see my face and my handle is my name. I will never believe the weird dumb shit you believe, sorry my man

#FakeNews from #TrumpSupporters :

How many foreign leaders do you call your friends?
Who's the better friend?  Him or Putin?
If he's your friend then do you consider the Palestinian leader your friend too?
Great! Did you talk to him about human rights violations against the Palestinians?
Thank you Mr. President for meeting with PM Netanyahu. I trust you! 
You are a Great Leader of our Country,


You know Bibi and the rest of the world are laughing at you...
#TrumpsAWhiteSupemacist 
#ImpeachTrump
#FakePresident
#Loser
#Liar
#Resist
Shame on you 
We stand proudly with Israel!!!
Two corrupt officials unite to fill their coffers with cash.
Awesome to watch Netanyahu's face during the President speaking.

We love him too. He is one of Gods chosen people
You have no friends, especially on the international stage.
Deactivate
Ask Bibi if he can come help with the wall. http://www.israelhayom.com/2017/09/18/southern-barrier-proves-100-effective-in-preventing-infiltration/ …


https://twitter.com/EmekaGift/status/909446454892261376 … @eucopresident @UN @SwedishPM @SwedenUN @euswe prep to build more refugee campur silence. Biafrans willdefenditself
@realDonaldTrump 
#ISupportUSMilitaryIntervention 
#TheVenezuelaOppositionIsFalse  
#YoApoyoIntervenciónMilitarUS  

Birds of a feather. Nationalistic vile men
It's a riddle not because I'm a gospel it means I get crucified
Two old loonies
Suspected of bribery, fraud and corruption- that "Netanyahu"? Birds of a feather...

What a great speach at the UN.  I am so proud of our President Donald J Trump.
You didn't mantioned his wife...
That will be the last time you meet him...


A Scary Number Of Americans Don’t Think Muslims Or Atheists Have First Amendment Rights 
WTF. There is so much wrong with this Country. Ignorance and Christian Fundamentalism top the list.
SO MOVE!
Not a chance. Phony Christians are so fun to troll.
AS a real Christian, ill pray 4U&  share that even Im 4given. As is our President. None of us r perfect. But Im blessed w/great joy daily!
Wow, your tone sure changed, but a real Christian believes in love & kindness, not judgement & hypocrisy. Wish you well. Open your heart.
You deserve each other! Both hateful and hated beings.
There's a certain female that keeps lying to the authorities she's making you look bad.
Hey, maybe you can get a cell next to Manafort. After all, you're both into money laundering big time. Oh, and Obama is better than you.
Their laundering experience will come-in handy in prison.
Well of course he's your friend. Your also his bitch, just like Putin
Call your mother call your father call your brother and sister tell them you love them. Pick up your damn phone and tell them you love them
Bibi SUCKS.
Worst POTUS ever
Great!

Isreal has been a GREAT Allie to the Us...we should never forget this!
Remember that the people of #Biafrans  are ur friend too #Nigeria army are killing us
Satans children. The real ones know
Birds of a feather.

Yea he is a crook like u
well, you both are under investigation by your governments. Two peas in a pod
Keep dreaming new dreams. Liked what you said about having the capacity to wipe or Kim but not wanting to have to.
EL.  NARCOESTADO.  DE.   SANTOS.   PERMITIÓ.   200.000. HECTÁREAS.   DE.  HOJA DE. COCA.  Y.  80.000. HECTÁREAS.  DE AMAPOLA.  (HEROÍNA ) .
It's not looking for peace if you don't have both sides there...Palestine. It's just 2 old men getting their rocks off on the power.


Psalms122:6 Pray for the peace of Jerusalem: they shall prosper that love thee.My Grandma would say those who protect Israel will be blessed
Hey Trump I got to ask you a question do you actually know where Israel is this time?


Lying don I am so ashamed of Netanyahu for lowering his standards to gold smoke up your ass. This is like Israel praising Hitler.  A new low
@northvike Ed. How immature and unpatriotic. Join the Hollywood Elite and libertards who are all fascist. Moved to NOKO U wld fit in well
Birds of a feather #FuckTheWorld together. #NewFeudalism #ClassWar #Fascist #MAGA #Resign before you're #Indicted for #Treason #Traitor #KKK
2 criminals together.
You have no real friends.
Remember when u wandered around lost on stage during Israel visit?
The Devil Anti-Christ Prez Barry


I am also praying for the Africa-Israel Summit to be held in #Togo. Shalom!!
He thinks you're a douche nozzle, just like the rest of us.
The only reason the holleywood idiots twinkle toes fight against trump is he and the Bible Roman 1 says NO same sex #45 and Gods word 
So how does a Jew and a Nazi get along?
https://youtu.be/OKMwIoXqphk 
You said the Bible is your favorite book.
Lol no one is your good friend.
Well of course murderous @netanyahu is your buddy. He's the number one killer of Muslims. Two peas in a pod. But Jared will bring peace.
صبح یکشنبه 26 شهريور:امروز مالباختگان و سپرده گذاران کاسپین بعد از تجمع در مقابل ساختمان قوه قضاییه اقدام به راهپیمایی اعتراضی کردند
TRUMP for Christians and JEWS!!! alleluia
Find my f****** car

#UnitedNations
#UNGA
Netanyahu Praises Trump For Most 'Courageous' United Nations Speech In 'Over 30 Years'
Great speech Mr. President! No B.S. just the facts!
A great & forceful speech by PM Netanyahu too. He is a great leader for the people of Israel.
Look at those tiny hands
Good friend indeed, how long was the handshake this time trump the frump?
Get er done
Two cold criminals! Bawww, it must be true love 
 
Nice job!!
MR TRUMP I AM THE RICHEST LIVING PRINCE OF LORD KRSNA DWARAKA GOLDEN CITY THE TIME TELL YOU WHO AM I? BHAGAVAD GITA 11/32,33 PHILIPINES IMF
Mr.President why don't you give us a clear message related to upcoming Kurdistan referendum ? Will you support it or stay against it ?
Good friend? Donnie, please stop jerking us off. Seriously.
we are obligated to protect Israel  who is surrounded by enemies of peace
go TRUMP.
My oldest son he's me as well his name is Angel
oh   good

Your trusting the enemy there trump  dont trust that country!
So happy to finally see Israel get Respect from America Thankful for President Trump
I want my mother's house so I can start Bible study like my mother did believe it or not I remember.
Your "Four Billion Dollar" a year "friend". So much for "America First". You are a dismal failure #Impeach45
Oh shit y'all convening on how to initiate operation NWO?  reforming the united nations...  Smh
You are both obstacles to peace.
#MuellerIsComing #TrumpRussia #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist
You "good friend!"  Seriously man, are you taking drugs???
They are not your friend.
Consider this Noah's flood the Living Water equals Aquarius
Ya lije a bagel and a smear

good friends? How many times have you actually met and socialised with him???
She's not good people she's ashamed of her own guilt she doesn't even love her own son.
how did it feel when he stuck his face up ur ass mr. president?
https://twitter.com/y123Alpha/status/910228489256755201 …
From what I read netty is as crypt as you are.
Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Trump
You suck, Don.
Two racist crooks who need to be handed their asses.  #DonTheCon #BibiEmbezzlement
he thinks you're an idiot
#impeachtrump
I don't believe you have any good friends
No, it was a horrendous display of salaciousness and patronizing to an atypical extent, especially between 2 so called ldrs.
