@RepLarryBucshon turns out not. Have to wait for McCain to use his insurance before you take it away from 15 mil.
that's 1 in 20 losing their insurance, yes.
that's from the CBO, not me. I'd like to think they'd know.
Paul Ryan's plan is a joke not your plan
O'care is a disaster!! Designed to bankrupt people!! Paid high premiums. Got sick, it paid a big fat 0! Cost us $3,000 in taxes to IRS.
The biggest disaster in America's history is YOU!!And it's not even close
No there not you don't have the votes.Congrats you are by far the WORST president in the history of the United States!GREAT ACCOMPLISHMENT
Idiot.
Time to fight FIRE WITH FIRE, Mr PRESIDENT. Dumbocrats are unethical illegal crybabies. If necessary,PARDON YOURS AND FIRE THEM!!
What part of this don't you get? Americans want Obama care for more than they want you!
Replace Trump.  Failing, chaotic administration, record low approval ratings, fail despite controlling all 3 bodies of the government.
Repeal and Replace is the only option! Destroys people's lives! O'care is useless! Cost too much, doesn't pay for medical expenses! #repeal
So tell me how and why these elements of #ACA shouldn't be there. https://www.healthcare.gov/preventive-care-women/ …
You are the only disaster we need saving from..
Yeah , I know you are not part of the "we"troll.
At least @DonaldJTrumpJr made the cover. Maybe you can hang this one in your golf clubs!

Another failed campaign promise. Only campaign promise kept was to Putin. After Impeachment do USA a favor and move your family to Russia
Crafting a bill this universally reviled is its own kind of historic achievement. They couldn't have angered more people if they tried.
They should all vote NO.
Yes. Make more profit and put the needs of poorer americans below the carpet. You will fail again!
#AmericaLast @potus @foxandfriends
Like how that driftwood saved Jack in #Titanic?                                 #jackandrose #Obamacare #Trumpcare
Obama bailed out the Big Banks. President Trump is bailing out the American People from the total disaster known as Obamacare
Maybe your tie is a bit too tight....your brain needs blood to function properly....
The idea of GOP "saving" or "rescuing" Americans is laughable. Who will save us from you. Did you like your own message?
You are the disaster.Millions will lose coverage with #trumpcare #ahcakills #ahca P.S. You and your family are going to prison. #sweetdreams
Let Potos n his family use this version of the healthcare bill
The only disaster is you, Donald. Your administration is nothing more than a dysfunctional group in utter chaos because of you & your sons
Trumpcare will kill
.Bien, mais c est un dossier qui est trop important, pour en parler...simplement .Tu comprends pourquoi..autre dossier ..!
#25thAmendmentNow #25t#RepublicansForImpeachment #NoMoreSnakeOil
Yes they will vote down the Republican plan and save the ACA.
deadass dont replace obamacare pls and ty
This law sucks!
I wish we could vote on the disaster that is trump.
U mean trumpcare that will kill millions and that only 12% Americans approve? The bill that will lose all GOP seats for decades? That one?
Lol. No. Senate is dead.
Mr. President, if we the People thought that was true.  Unlike you, their allegiance is to the lobbiest. For once I'd like 2 c it dn 4 UD
Next week the Senate will ignore the AMA, AARP, millions of Americans and even some ins. companies, to give the 1% a tax break. #resist
I agree!!! If House & Senate GOP can't deliver results to voters then replace those members with one's who can!!!
Your plan kicks 23m Americans off healthcare, raises prices for those over 50.  AARP, insurers, AMA hated your plan. Rich guys love it.
FYI...AARP wanted AHC because they knew there was $$$ for them. So your statement includes them with "the rich guys".
WRONG 

#Extortion17: Obama had bodies cremated "SEVERE burns" 
Autopsy: Deceased bodies had BULLET HOLES
#MarchForJustice…
Its time to OPEN UP Extortion 17 COVERUP
I am sure ALL ROADS lead back to DEMOCRATS like the RUSSIAN CASE
Let's sir hope
@SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan @mike_pence Save #ACA GOP.3 is a disaster for millions of Americans. why r u keeping it?
Oh god you absolutely suck at being human
Not true. @
Yes Mr Trump please save us from Obama "care" which is no care at all n bankrupted me bc I was/am ill n had to pay so much I lost home etc!
You are the disaster.
The People wanted Obamacare. We don't want YOU!
ur a disaster
This . Prepare for the Trump Trolls
I know you're not a liberal troll Luke . Shame you can't tolerate conservative opinions. Remain in your echo chamber 
But will Congress save us all from your Russian Mobsters?
Why no press conferences?
Obamacare is good, actually. Especially if the Republicans would stop intentionally sabotaging it. History will not forget.
 God Bless You, President Trump
Didn't Jesus preach about helping the poor & sick?
Yes. And you should
Do you even know anything about the Trumpcare bill? It does the exact opposite of that.
Honey, Jesus didn't say there shall be expensive government health insurance that destroys the market for most Americans 
Wow!  You really suck at this "Christian" stuff!
Here's Trump saying he wasn't going to cut medicaid and wants everyone covered. Just another lie, he doesn't care.
Well this seems pretty disastrous, huh?
If you buy a cheap plan, get sick, and your illness isn't covered, you're banned from buying a new plan for 6 months http://www.latimes.com/business/hiltzik/la-fi-hiltzik-bcra-20170714-story.html …
Seems pretty disastrous for women.
http://www.latimes.com/business/hiltzik/la-fi-hiltzik-bcra-20170714-story.html …
So Senators want to be exempt from the health care bill they would force on us. That's mighty convenient!
http://www.latimes.com/business/hiltzik/la-fi-hiltzik-bcra-20170714-story.html …
Taking away from the government & giving it back 2 the states! I like that! You're the best! We're here for you, as you are for us! #MAGA 
1st of all, ur name calling of our President is very uneducated, & disrespectful. I do not engage w anyone who disrespects my President. Bye
Thank you! I've never regretted the vote I cast on November 8th. I will do it again in 2020.
And 2018. I live in Mass. time to vote out @senwarren!!
http://conservativetribune.com/warren-panics-over-kid-rock/?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=lynx&utm_campaign=can&utm_content=2017-07-16 …
TrumpCare IS a disaster. 22M people will lose their insurance. I have stage 4 cancer & Obamacare is keeping me alive.
You are in my thoughts.  Let's hope Obamacare continues.
You're the disaster. Get out of our country,  comrade.
Not I put him there how about that
Ok
U r the disaster
Just put Hillary in jail as promised and take the Federal reserve back from the Jews that stole it.
Next week the Senate is going to vote on legislation to save Americans from the ObamaCare DISASTER. #WeeklyAddress h...
#DrainTheSwamp! #MAGA3X! #TRUMP!
Love the trump
You had a chance to show us what you could do. Unfortunately you don't know when to shut up so a second term for you is impossible.
Premiums too high, deductibles too high, tax burden way too high!! Repeal and Replace, Please!!
Lets face it most of you who voted for trump are still in obamacare lol
I'll support Trumpcare if you and congress have to use the same benefits you want everyone else to have.
repeal 2019,gives able bodied time 2 get job 4 affordable private insur, cut state line rules, HSA for all at higher limits, etc
REPEAL O CARE AND........EXPAND THE PUBLIC HEALTH CARE SYSTEM....SIMPLE!!!
Your the best president of all time..  Thanks for watching over us during all the North Korea threats tward the USA and Allie's. TY Sir...
We give Israel 30 Billion of our taxpaying money every year. why?
Imrican good  parssiddant
The senate needs to look after ALL Americans! Old, young, female, male. Not give tax breaks for the rich
Indeed
No, the GOP failed the ACA. Now they want to ram a tax credit for the wealthy through instead of real healthcare.
I don't need to be saved from Obamacare. I'm happy with finally being able to afford health insurance. #Handsoffmycare #youarethedisaster
Not everyone

Not ass
STOP IT!  This is a disaster for all Americans except a few rich people. Come up with a GOOD PLAN!!
Indeed
Nope
Nobody. Believes. You.

We're tired of your constant lies and deception.

You don't care about Americans and it shows.

Fix the ACA.
The government has no business of being in Healthcare. They will just mess it up just like the education system for children. Free market
How's that vote "next week" looking?
Yeah - or not.
Put a cap on what insurance companies can charge.We need to be able to buy insurance across states.

So you are going to save us by tripling older people's premiums and dropping Insurance and 20 million others? Thanks Donny boy. Resignplease
Great... and the soon to be released TrumpCare that will be an even greater disaster.  Can't wait to watch your approval rate go to 15%
Yeah. He could just let the ACA collapse and make democrats look really bad.
HOT AIR.....LOSER with small hands and a small ??? yes @FLOTUS knows how flirting with 1st lady of France, shameful
What? What were you saying again?
So much winning. Hahahaha loser.
Tired of this President Trump they are the swamp it's about their pocketbook not us the people.

Don't you dare screw with my disability!  The real disaster is YOU!

You are the desaster
Comrade Trump - the kremlin needs you - go  home, go home!!!
WHO CARES "Hitler"  is Back
Just repeal it, and send it to the states. It's not constitutional for fed to mess with it. Do the same with education
The Senate, and our government couldn't find their buts  if they used both hands.
Let's get it done!
Please help Dr Price convince the Resistant Republicans!
You are the disaster trump is a disgrace
God Bless you Mr. President. I'm forever grateful to you. I stand with you #MAGA #Women4Trump #TrumpsArmy #Military #2A #BuildTheWall 
You've had no success. Might not want to throw stones?
How is it a disaster people who never had healthcare have and you want to take it away to stroke your ego .... pathetic
Yes
How much are these videos costing Americans?
@TRUMPCARE IS THE DISASTER.  ANYONE WITH NORMAL INTELLIGENCE CAN SEE THAT @ACA NEEDS TO BE FIXED, NOT REPLACED BY A DISASTER.
Dear President Trump! I would like to say you have traders in your party! You should really somehow to get rid of Rino Ryan!!!
Hi I just want to say #OBAMACARE - 4 #HealthcareBill - 0 didn't you say you'd be rid of it by now. #you #are #a #joke #yourwordsmeannothing

Is not it a man of Rachid from the country of the Franks, who is driving me from the oppression of my Arab brother?
If you take my insurance, I will send you every medical bill I have. I will also send my sons. He had brain surgery, I had spine surgery
A better approach.  Not a disaster....I will improve.
LOSING!
You are one true disaster the USA is facing! USA has absolutely no use or need for YOU! Take your Deplorables and LEAVE MY COUNTRY ALONE!

No, it's not President Dunce Sr.!
Congratulations on pushing legislation that will kill Americans.
NO VOTE because not enough Republicans support the awful bill.
Vote for us we're going to fix the healthcare yes we've heard that before get government out
I know it passed already but everything is based on respect for respect especially to a police officer they want respect.
#LiarInChief blabbering on again. ACA great success, could have been better this year if we had a real president. Fake news, fake president
Trumpcare will be a disaster for millions - the elderly, those with chronic or serious illness , pre existing conditions.
Don't count on it.
If you repeal #ACA you and the #GOP are toast. I’m #disabled and will not let you sadists get away with destroying #Healthcare. 
Time to hold Republicans accountable.. Full Repeal now!
Chaddup
The bill is dead. You were unable to negotiate within your own party. Obama did it with the ACA, but you failed again. So sad. So pathetic.
Make sure he brings me flowers and I want some expensive ones ...
Rethuglicans: "We don't care if Americans die, we just need to settle the score with Obama."
Duh 
Not a disaster.  What you want, THAT'S a disaster.  Get rid of a good thing simply because you can't stand somebody.  And THAT'S pathetic.

Too bad loser. Probably can't get it up either.
Lost that one Donny
Larry, do you think a law that keeps the pre-ex conds rule and removes the individual mandate will really work? only the sick will sign up
People need to realize the HC issue affects ALL of us, Dem, Gop and so on. The us against them needs to be directed at saving HC for all.
Good luck! The congress can't get anything done. Bad very sad
Unlikely. By the way, don't forget to wipe, flush, and wash your hands. After all, that's how germs are primarily spread.
I don't think McCain has a legitimate reason to miss vote. He's only out of commission medically for 24 hours post op anesthesia. Excuses!
The ONLY ANSWER IS REPEAL!
N O P E. #mcconnellfail
Another lie

Another lie from you, DontheCon!
He always looks like he's going to bite through the screen, that's his tell. #YouKnowHesLyingWhen
What if Republican had only 10 democrats to be sensible, never have seen where one democrats not on board. Dems. On purpose.
Not going to happen. It's no different then any of your BS legislation. All talk no action. Just like you. Major mistake electing you
This tweet didn't age well.
At least now that your plan failed 24 million won't lose insurance.
Looks like your bill is the bigger disaster and it is NOT going to pass. You lose but Americans win.
Americans need affordable healthcare. Republican bills are a JOKE!!
When is the vote to save us from you?
You are pathetic!
Nothing compares to being "saved" by dying because you lack insurance.  Truly a president for ALL Americans-at least the ones with money.
I'm with @RandPaul the current bill still does not fully repeal ocare Full repeal was promised for the last 8 years $ for ins coms not
The only disaster here is you Trump

Lmao. Another statement reflecting your blithering idiocy. We need to be saved from you, not healthcare. YOU'RE.THE.DISASTER. Total failure.
Support a bill that will help me out..Dont cheat the poor, and don't cut medicaid..
You are the president that has done the most to hurt America and it's people. You're a fake president. Thank you Russia.
Thank YOU andGOD BLESS YOU Sir.
Make sure the cop that arrested me brings me flowers some beautiful flowers to me not to the mother of my kids. To my mom I am my mom.
better than a disaster to kill 25k people a year
Talk to Rand Paul he is a Dr he knows more than the lawyers who R trying to write a bill on healthcare.
Anything to stall your ill prepared crap
worst.  president.  ever....
I've been trying to get help and I'm being ignored because of a certain female that keeps lying to you.
America is hoping for a vote of impeachment
Obama care (ACA) is NOT a disaster.  GOP undercutting, lying, smearing & hurting US citizens is the disaster.
You will deny 22+ million of #healthcare, is it worth it? Sometimes it's not about winning, it's about caring enough to do the right thing!
@realDonaldTrump  The difference between a President and a Great President is "all" 350 million Americans 
It's not about You 
It's about Us


Hahahahaha!!!
CBO should be dissolved, congressional members w/more than 2 terms should retire, GOV out of healthcare yet congress on same plan as people
Thank you Sir for telling it like it is! 
But I still think the Fed should leave health care to each state. 
Get out of my Dr's office!!
Consider that three different things flowers my mom's house and him being fired ...

GOP CAN'T FIND THEIR HEAD  FROM THEIR AZZ.  TRUMP & AMERICA R WAITING
