I'm weary of hearing about how bad women have it.
I've had to work hard all my life, but I've never once felt like a Victim of MEN!
.@TonyHayes241 AND ALL OVER THIS TWEET. LIT UP A FIRESTORM OF HATE.
these people are scary.
yep i hear you! im about to get started >: )
LOLOLOL!
you don't have to.
But these Bitches on there and that one. i'm still getting mean tweets today.
it's an old post WTH?
oh yeah, some asswipe was mouthing to me on a facepost it was so old i didnt even remember it from 2013, lmao had to school him too
haha!
Don't get it. the GUYS these days.
Why would a man want a woman who is constantly blaming others fot their 'victimhood
@MADEMOISELLE_ZJ It is better to expand the rights of women. Otherwise the female sex will expand them. The rights of men can suffer.
Huh?
Small historical example: Princess Olga (for the murder of her husband) could destroy all drevlyane (whole tribe) https://www.instagram.com/p/BRdv1qJA7NE/ 
That's not gonna happen here.
Meaning that women in some areas of superb and better than men. The unpredictability of the female myshlenija   Super!
.@TonyHayes241 
omg. this TWEET and my comment about women whining brought out a civil war on Twitter LMAO
I Love My Country  I Love my President #TrumpUSA #MAGA
YES HE IS
Nope. Not even close
GO GRAB SOME PUSSY DUMMPY!!
I was listening to how on TV in Aust woman celebs talked about a colleagues genitals but that was ok
The rot starts from the top he bragged about assaulting women makes me sick, Dump is a disgusting pig, any one who voted for him is crazy!
I don't think he bragged about assaulting women. That is #fake news
You really are a Trump supporter!
no! He tweets stupid stuff... that doesn't say Presidential to me however he is doing what the people voted for
What?! Why are you tweeting? I thought you were impeached weeks ago!! What the hell is going on?!?
#ReleaseYourTaxes 

Trump’s Longtime Lawyer Is Defending Russia’s Biggest Bank 

https://www.buzzfeed.com/anthonycormier/trumps-longtime-lawyer-is-defending-russias-biggest-bank?utm_term=.snx7406Aj …
America's past has come back to haunt us in Trump, but we will survive.
now that's really funny.....the hostage showed up?
Love you both.
fuck it. You let hiv predators roam free.  Terrorists. Hypocrisy .
#ShowUsYourTaxesComrade
DAYS WITHOUT A TRUMP LIE ---- STILL ZERO
Good job not grabbing any vaginas.
it's one thing to say it another thing to do it
call jobs in been declining because if an increase in natural gas production and renewable solar wind.
coal jobs have been on the decline 1980. Because of renewable solar energy. And cheap gas prices

How'd you keep your tiny tangerine hands to yourself? Ohhhhh...MELANIA.
u just a sugar daddy she doesn't love you
approval rating dropped again 65% of the country disapproves of you.
Didcha grab anyone's pussy?
Term limits!
Did she wear sunglasses to cover up her black eyes?
Did #Melania already get back to NYC to avoid you?
لو أن أمريكا تكافح الإرهاب لالقت القبض على الزنداني وعلى محسن
You guys are doing a great job. Keep it up and don't let those hateful Leftists distract you!
Leftists are against body shaming, unless it's aimed at Trump of course. Hypocrites.
.@realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS @WhiteHouse You talking about women empowerment is like Hitler talking about Jewish empowerment!!

Thank you for sharing this tweet!
Yes! I heard you met Susan B. Anthony, a wonderful woman more and more Anericans are getting to know.
poor immigrant. She looked out of place.
grab them by the pussy ?
.@realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS @WhiteHouse do you only empower women that you think are 8s, 9s, or 10s?
works for me....u look at those -10's pelosi, Maxine waters, Hillary and look how they fucked up empowerment
We are praying for you @realDonaldTrump #PrayForTrump #GodBlessAmerica
There are six things the LORD hates, seven that are detestable to him: Haughty eyes, a lying tongue,...(1)
.@realDonaldTrump The best thing you could do to empower women would be to resign. Immediately. 
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/847236476815511552 …
Another idoit.
Don't grab anyone. 
he prob grabs more than you ever will tho
Trump is disgusting and rapey. He belongs in prison.
and you?
I just said it's gonna be a no from me. I don't have to grab unexpectedly. 
have you heard of Susan B. Anthony though?
yes he's got about a billion coins more than you. Jealous??

Thanks for your interest in a tweet from 6 months ago.
.@realDonaldTrump no one who saw  or heard the Billy Bush tapes is falling for your "Women's Empowerment" shtick
Yet another cringe-inducing clip: Trump saying hot women are his alcoholism 
Love how he types FLOTUS and Melania, in case we think he meant Ivanka.
He's trotting out Melania as a token but Jared and Ivanka have fully taken over the controls @stateof_tate
1. Keep an eye out for Jared and Ivanka to play an increasingly more visible role-they are the shadow POTUS and First Lady. @sddphoto 
so fataous [fastsous] can golf
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to stop by the Women's Empowerment  Panel this afternoon at the @WhiteHouse.… https:...
Please don't talk about empowering women when at the same time you're attacking @PPFA
Also, you have the most heavily white male cabinet since 1981. Is that empowerment?
Didn't you know that the old white men are always more qualified to everything???
Of course. Not HIS fault there are no qualified women out there. Anywhere. Ever.
You are a sexist! There are plenty of smart, qualified women out there. You should be ashamed of yourself!
The fact that no one is reading this as sarcasm doesn't speak well for the average level of discourse on twitter.
my discourse is above average, thank you very much! And i read the MSM, so I know a JOKE when I see one!
uh ok.
Look at all those dumb sheep. Just a bunch of gullible fools clapping or what?  A reality tv show host potus.
Did yoy grab a few? Were they all white women in dresses?
.@realDonaldTrump You making a speech at the Women's Empowerment Panel is like Michael Vick making a speech at the Humane Society.
It seems one trick these anti-Trump trolls use is to.....
Write a series of tweets one following the other so that.....
They are able to take up the whole page above the fold.....
So that no one else's tweets are visible.
oh ok, here you go Paul this one is for you
and by a verified replying to a verified, you just boosted my tweet. Message me if you want.
Since you're throwing stones, what are you personally doing to boost women's rights?
You just pardoned a guy who handcuffed a women to the bars in her jail cell while she was giving birth ur empowerment talk means nothing

What the hell would you know about equality for women?
It painfully obvious that FLOTUS is not honored or proud to be anywhere with you.
Did all the women run for cover? Cause I would've with those little claws of yours.
All them women deep down know how gross you are
Oh. Did you take Sheriff Arpaio with you? Maybe he can sneak into the ladies room to install a webcam. Like he did in his jails.

could Melania STOP BY the White House a lil more often so America can stop paying her high ass bill??
now that we don't have to cater to Michael, with his/her 20 person enteroge we got money for this. Making that look female
This is what happens when you take money out of public schools
sorry for your luck. Maybe your parents should have,ponied,up the money for private schools, mine did
also, you have completely incorrect comma usage here.
That is the quickest I have ever been blocked!  
We can't be winners everyday 
I am soooo happy right now!
.@realDonaldTrump Oh, for fucksake. Do shut up.
nobody wants to see you talk.. over 27 million watch Trumps every word..  now piss off.
Keep up the good work Mr. President!  #MAGA
If you honor women veto the repeal of title X
Amazing 
Do you allow Melania to be empowered? Just wondering.
God u r mean

Your presidency is like just a bad reality show. Characterless people playing a part to fool viewers-NOBODY'S FOOLED-except you
how many did you grope?? #FreeMelania

I'm sure the thought of you makes her throw up a little in her mouth.
Ha ha.  More material for SNL.

You're a joke.  Someone should grab you by the ....


Head up @POTUS you're doing great
Would have been a perfect opportunity to not speak at all buddy. #notalwaysaboutyou hope she told ur azz that in the car.
No amount of beer can make me think you give a rats behind about empowering women. #misogynisticCreep
My family STILL reveling in the fact that YOU are our President!   We adore Melania!  Beauty, class, intelligence, grace, and LOVE!  PTL!
I stand with all the Trump family. God bless you all! MAGA!
Looks like he touched and deflowered you. Enjoy..
@IvankaTrump @FLOTUS @WhiteHouse https://www.gofundme.com/student-loans-out-of-control&rcid=4590f2b666ae4dd280701971982dcc15 …
This was an old tweet. It's so hard to differentiate past from present anymore.
I must be the only one who listens to the Billy Bush tape then reads this tweet... and pukes. What a completely historic rotten human.
Those women clapping for you made me embarrassed for them. Empowered? Nah. More like duped.
#grabthembythepussy
MUST TALK TO YOUR HUSBAND ABOUT NOT TAKING HEALTHCARE AWAY FROM POOR WOMEN & CHILDREN!!!
This from a sexual predator.
You didn't grab anyone?  Did you Donnie?
Fake news
No one ever sees @FLOTUS
 Everyone can see you failing! #PresidentJOKE
hahahahahhahaha
@IvankaTrump is pure evil. Putin will tire of the games she plays and will have her liquidated like he does with all his enemies.
That was the single worst speech I've ever heard. What are you even talking about?
You live, there, for Pete's sake. What are they going to say if you walk in?
Together again?
hypocrisy
Aren't you that guy who grabs women by the pussy?
PRESIDENT, FIRST LADY, WE LOVE YOU AND PLEASE "BE CAREFUL" WITH CONGRESS. ILL ADVISED YOU! NO BLAME TO FREEDOM C. R LOYAL 2 YOU, NOT P.RYAN
i know what i am and i am a good person and can do anything and you KNOW WHAT TO DO BECAUSE YOU HAVE WATCHED ALL THIS
Mr. President, Please, ACKNOWLEDGE, and HELP the victims of the fire in CO, KS, OK, and TX. It affects us nationwide!
You mean there's one day we didn't have to pay for her
Lots of grabbing?
Let's empower women to reject being groped by people like you.
so what do you want us to do
I say let us pray for and get behind our president and stop being so close minded
Melania Linda ,bella ,donald queremos verla como madre ,como esposa y dando charlas a las mujeres sobre los abusos que sufren en el trabajo

@IvankaTrump great job on the speech @FLOTUS ! inspiring!
Looking great Ivanka. Tell your Dad hello.
Truth hurts
Women Empowerment Panel and Donald Trump. Perfect together?!
then killed planned parenthood
Oh! Did she deign to occupy the same space as you?! Huh, she must have worked on the whole gag-reflex thing.
Stop by? And grace them with your presence? Did they all keep their pussies from your reach?
Did you grab any pu$$y???
Don't grab anything.
Does Melania know that you pardoned a guy who broadcast female prisoners taking dumps on a web cam, which was streamed on a porn site?
Melania has a right as first lady to be there> Ivanka does not any where in the W.H or doing the Flotus job! Get her out!

How many pussies did you grab? Impeach.
You is an old man that makes me sad
but atleast for once play fair you people have been shitty and i am from a small town and little but im use to dumb people. foul play yup
I am sure women found Melania posing nude very empowering for women..then you married rich.
Seriously. Melanie is costing women to payers big bucks. Move her to D.C. Give NY a break. And you women empowerment a joke. You r horrible
Tax payers to be exact.
Women's empowerment?  From this guy, the sexual assaulter and rapist in chief?
Yes daddy, Empower woman


Only because you forced her too
Oh my. That's the funniest one yet. Donald at the women's empowerment probably peeking in shirts and judging looks. #itjustgetsbetter
Stay strong President Trump and Melania - we're for you!
Please, for YHWH's sake, explain to your Dad, Republicans hate all entitlements, vote no to any for his voters, Soc Sec, Medicare, Medicaid!
Of course the "women's empowerment" (cough) panel tweet would get one of the lowest number of likes from the Trump trolls.
THIS IS WONDERFUL SIR. THANK YOU.
They let me grab em by the pussy two by two. They let ya do that when ya president. #winning #sorry melania
Did you grab any of them by the pussy?Just asking.
@IvankaTrump Advise daddy to run for cover. Treason = Jail for @POTUS #RussiaInvestigation #FlynnFlopped #trumprussia #TrumpImpeachmentParty
So America's President has a sense of humour too.
Sorry....going off topic here...Ok....so......can we say......obama..... aware of russian influence and didnt want that
How ironic
You ought to be ASHAMED of yourself Ivanka, supporting your father's mentally disordered EO's & MURDERING innocent civilians in Mosul.
HEALTH = EMPOWERMENT. PLEASE don't turn your back on PLANNEDPARENTHOOD! Millions of women rely on it, and YOU to help!
Why are you allowing the hunting of wolf Cubs and hibernating bears??????
#hipocracy #youretheWORSTpresidentEVER
You stop by the women's empowerment panel? After the disdain & disrespect U have shown 4 women, I'm surprised they even let you in the room.
With Special Guest, First Lady Melania Trump 2017 International Women of Courage Awards Ceremony went
She is only with you because on the $$$ ... and the false promises you made... once exposed, she will be gone like a ghost..
Nice try... We all know you two are toast.
I HAVE FACED MANY THINGS IN LIFE AND WILL FACE ANYTHING all anyone has to do is ask dont see if i can make through to you
AND MAY THE LORD Comfort your Heart , and establish you in every Good words and Works IN JESUS MIGHTY NAME . REMAIN STRong !!!1.
Exactly how is Melania so accomplished? She fornicated with you and then you married her is her claim to fame.  She looks miserable.
Until we see a room full if the NAACP BOGUS.
Great speech GOPres.Trump!!!
and then you'll pass a law that takes away their healthcare
You pardoned Arpeio, who refused to investigate over 400 cases of sexual abuse! You are the distilled essence of ego and ego!
Loser!
One of these "egos" should have been "evil".
Where was Melania? You have no business at a Women's Empowerment Panel. #pussygrabber #POS #potus
Of course you were. More pussies than you could possibly grab with both hands going top speed, all in one convenient location.
She learn English yet?
Bet ya wore your shoes with the mirrors on the toes, eh doni?
Women, make a home, do domestic chores, raise children, loyal, the spouse should NOT be out cheating/groping women, Get that, Donald
Tell that to Melissa
