What a bunch of lies. 50 legislation approvals.. YEAH OK. Your supporters might be that stupid, but the rest of us know better.
Pte trump debe venir a envestigar y meter preso a todo en panama envulucrado en las cuenta de lavado de dinero odebrey
Sir get rid of 1965 hart celler act. Immigration reform will cure our nation for our children. America has to be for Americans first.

You go Mr President
Ask truckers and they will tell you how many regulation have been implemented in your administración. Dont said that anymore.
Your outlandish falsehoods aren't bought here.  Peddle your propaganda elsewhere

Think again

Dear Fucking Moron, @realDonaldTrump signing Legislation requires a BILL passed by the LEGISLATURE. Your damn Executive Orders DO NOT COUNT as legislation. GET IT? GOD DAMN, I am so sick and tired of trying to 'splain this to you. Get some learnin' MORON!
Lots of hard work.  Take a break Mr. President.  You deserve it!  
Impeachment
The best you reach is getting Democrats strong. Next year they ll have the majority. Thank you Mr. Clown
Thank you for making the air and water as dirty as your mind.
Blah, blah, blah.  You haven't accomplished anything substantial...and you know it.
9 months in which there has been more anger and dissent than any other time in our recent history. Caused by your actions. A divided nation.
WHERE ARE THE RUSSIA SANCTIONS, HMMMMMMM?!?!?!?!!
And you are tied with Harvey Weinstein for sexual assaults. Look out though, Bill O' Reilly is catching up on you two.
And perhaps not. Mostly perhaps not. #WorstPresidentEver
Thank you for working as hard as you can within your Constitutional powers to fulfill campaign promises. Not easy to #MAGA w/obstruction!
Plus you have sent more tweets than every other president combined. Way to go Mr President.
g
Thank you. .thank you Mr President for Making America Great Again! !!
You will be judged
Chinga tu madre
There it is! Good grief. Was getting worried you didn't even know what day it was.
We’re all so proud of you little boy.
And the facts say that this is a complete utter lie, liar in chief you have done less in 9 months than any administration
Trump is MAGA!
Certainly most gold holes played. Sad! L
Your the leader now.

RUSSIAN KREMLINCONNECTION

Entity Gives One BILLION Rubles ($35 MILLION #USA) To John PODESTA’s Co.

…
Happy Halloween  #MAGA
In a year the irony of this tweet will be evident.
You just don’t get it.
regulations are for our health and safety of our children  and families, exec orders r cruel and for rich profit,shameful
You haven’t had ANY major pass. What are you smoking?
You have done nothing. You have only undone. That's not progress. That's laziness.
And it will continue... all this and More with record opposition, leaks, fake news, RINO, hateful Hollywood, and more tragedies than neone
You’ve made us less safe, you’ve ruined our healthcare, you’ve taken us down a path that will destroy our environment. Your campaign cheated
Blah blah blah blah blah blah Baba blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah moron dotard
And what part of that is actually a good thing? Energy freedom is you pushing coal? & regulation cuts as in you cutting women's healthcare?
Your "border security" consists of racist travel bans & wasting money on useless borderwalls. & no one except big oil wanted that pipeline.
Your administration is the worst administration in American history. You belong in prison along with your kids, pence, and Ryan.
You golfed today while family & friends went to funeral of #SgtLaDavidJohnson. 
#InvestigateNiger #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #LockHimUp

But you won't enforce the only Major legislation that passed.  Russian sanctions.  You ignored it




Thank you President Trump! 
What ever Trump does he does for his own self gain !
Regulation cuts (than endanger people), energy "freedom" (that dismisses clean energy), pipeline (intruding on First Nations' land), NO wall
Lower case ‘a’ and lower case ‘l’.
We love the Winning and Winning! Keep up the great job Mr. President! 
#AmericaFirst #IStandWithTrump 
#MAGA
Call him, he has some property he wants to sell you !
What is a legislation approval?
How a Bill Becomes a Legislation Approval
A Legislation Approval is when you get to destroy democracy and have an Attorney General who lies under oath while you go play golf.
Hmmmmm.... is there a Schoolhouse Rock video on Legislation Approval we could watch to learn more?
There may be in Trump's new Department of Fake News.
No President has done more in the first 9 months than Trump to divide our country and embarrass us on the world stage.
Can we award him with impeachment...please?
For what. Do you even know how impeachment works?
OH WAIT 10 months of investigations and still nothing. # MAGA
You’ve literally done nothing but golf & lie for 10 months #resign
Obama golfed more good try tho. Next?
literally 25% of Trumps time in office has been on a golf course, so good try tho, Next?

My Investigation got my supervising attorney murdered. Tax exemption fraud costing trillions. A year.
Kick Trump out of the US and revoke his citizenship
You are not our president, Russia helped you win the electoral vote.we all know Hillary had 2.8 million more votes. You r Not our president
And lowest approval rating than any 1st year President in history.
Donald
Damn the torpedoes!
Press on regardless! 
Twitter is rife with Obama ball lickers! 
They are incredulous that Hillary is vanquished!
Civics lesson...Executive Orders are NOT Legislative approvals...#Moron
Like you've said all the time. An EO isn't legislation.
9 ayda dokuz doğurttun insanlara. Gerisini görmeye gerek yok. Faşo.
U truly r diluted!  If not hallucinating. Pls take ur meds
Approval of pollution for our air and water. Pipeline that has already leaked. Taking away health insurance for millions. tax cut for rich.

Forget that W Bush responded to 9/11 within his first 9 months?
Well you can fool some of the people.......not the rest of us.   We got our eyes on ever fabrication u make. Every distortion
You have done nothing and a horrible president
Ha ha. You've done more damage in 9 mos than any other president in American history. You should be proud....
Energy freedom?! You mean oil freedom for your buddy Rex and killing the world through climate change.
Regulation cuts, pipeline near water, coal back, tar sands dumping, you are poisoning the planet for money, you are destroying the future.
All you have done is decimate President Obama's work.  It's too bad your small mindness and envy has done that to you.
Only your pathetic Base hears you! Not even enough to keep you there! #Resign now , before you're impeached! American's hate you
You haven’t done shit but cause turmoil, division, and embarrassment for our country.
I'd say prove it, but we all know how that will pan out.
keep up the good work....getting 60 votes in senate is objective.....then change can happen quickly.
Continuing to repeat the same line won't make it come true.  Come out of your fantasy world and face reality Donnie.
The lady doth protest too much. Post office namings aren't major legislative achievements. Oh wait, maybe for you they are. #MAGA
You haven't done anything!! What approvals everything gets Blocked!! Disillusionall!
LIAR! LIAR! LIAR!
Wrong
Tax reform is a Republican insult to the 99%. Trickledown is a myth
Republicans constitution is Citizens United.
We know corporations do not spend their cuts on people but reinvest in themselves.
Put our dollars into a national infrastructure project equal sustainable jobs.
Bullshit. Like your painting.
Are you having another dream Donnie?  All you can do are EOs which you skewered Obama about. What a lousy excuse for a president
Lol, we are still a few months away from April 1. Save these for the fools that voted you in.
yes you have done so much to improve and enhance the wealthy and corporations and yourself, while suffering Americans get nothing.
Brag...brag...brag....A Vietnam War "shirker" is not worthy of any accolades!
What I think of Hillary
He can say anything, his Trumpanzees will believe him!!
#FireSessions
And yet you can't seem to afford a better wig
You’ve had 1, that’s 1 NOT 50 legislative approval, your budget
Hahahaha
you're so delusional & need mental health help. Sad
Executive orders are not legislative approvals!
You have thrown this country into the proverbial trash compactor- and the American people are doing all we can to prevent further damage

Opinions on your administration which are against the opinion of the whole world.
Massive executive orders that do nothing but hurt Americans and line your pockets and that of big business.  Pathetic!
THIS DELUSIONAL SLUT HAS TRIED TO UNDO THE CREED OF EQUALITY,LIBERTY,AND HAPPYNESS FOR ALL INEXCHANGE FOR RICHES FOR PUTIN AND CHRONIES.WHAT
*approval rating of 41%.
You executive orders don't count as passing legislation idiot. Remember when you criticized president  Obama for his executive orders?
Say bye to clean air, water, land, animals - hello to climate change.
Businesses love it - rest us us - not so much.
9. Lied about being #1 in class - barely passed if at all 
10. Racist - Apt Suit, Casino Employees, Birther
11. Failed Puerto Rico response
When are the American ppl going to see a lot of relief at the gas pumps! Simple one! $1/gal economy sky rockets! No brainer!
you need to FIRE MUELLER
LIAR, LIAR, LIAR!
Housing costs up, gas prices up, your lies way up
Keep up the great work, you are my president and I am proud of you!

Stop breaking everything you vacuous douchcanoe. Oh oops I mean Dismantler In Chief. Oh oops I mean Fuckvonclownstick, Oops @realDonaldTrump
Z
Nothing ...you have done nothing
no administration has done more <damage> in the first 9 months than this administration.   -  fixed it for you
In reality, you have actually achieved nothing.
9 months you ruined our country
You suck!
An executive order (all 50 of them) ARE NOT LEGISLATION. In Feb 2016, you attacked Obama for writing these as a cover up for his failure.
Congrats, after nine months, - of morning noon and night- morning sickness it's a baby idiot.
Your "legislation approvals" are post it notes to yourself. They do not qualify as legislation.
We that back you all know this too. Thank you Mr. President Trump for doing such a wonderful job.
Almost each and everyone of the things you have passed, will be damaging to the people of the USA. Most are for your 1% pals to make more $.
You're completely wasted
Donald Demento. Incapable of telling the truth.
Executive orders are not legislation approvals. You're a boob
You truly are the Bloviator in Chief!
We support you!  you are the greatest since Penicillin!
You’re consistent. Lies.  Bet you believe them
Legislative approvals is another term for executive action that you criticized Obama for- your an ignorant hypocrite.
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/donald-trump-play-golf-us-president-every-four-days-regularly-more-barack-obama-a8014871.html …  You got nothing passed so far.. just gas.
I checked your twitter followers again this morning.  They're not with you.  Like me... most of them hate you because you're a Moron.
#ReleaseYourIQCertificate

Joke
I think you're confused about legislation vs. EO.  You know, you should probably read up on that.
Pipelines. You are an idiot and NO FRIEND to the Indigenous peoples of this land! #nodapl
You're the most bad as president of my lifetime. Close second being Reagan. Only thing left to improve is your bragging.
We (the conservative right) will do that for you. Quit pointing out your ratio of success.
And@stupidity everywhere!
We the 55% of American people didn't ask for that.  You divided half of America.
You mean in 9 months you managed to send us back to the dark ages and in the process of killing all Americans with your inept decisions

All good if you don't like clean air water soil or safe food
You have done Nothing
GOOD PROGRESS!
So our air and water is more poluted. Think your mistaken about 50 legislation approvals. BOOOOOOOOOOOOO DONALD TRUMP!!!
No legislation passed, just executive orders
Well improvement
Because you approve a proposed Bill means diddlysquat!
The scary thing is  that you actually believe the absolute crap that comes out of your mouth.
Great job Mr. President, we love you and are praying for you and your family.
BOSS HOG, DA MEDIA, HOLEYWOOD & CON-GRESS DON'T GIVE A SHIT ABOUT WHAT U'VE DONE. ONLY US REAL AMERICANS DO AND ARE W/U ALL DA WAY. WHOAA
"Border security" yeah big thanks on that one! Jailing Innocents is what we're all about here.
And it is mindboggling to think what you will accomplish when you get all your appointees approved. Thank you for all you do Mr. President
Cut the ELD MANDATE @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
No credit for anything good. Look at the mess you've created nationally & globally for us! Nothing good happened since you came!
Haha you have no meaningful legislation. You have failed miserably. #impeachtrumpnow
WTF is a legislation approval?
Bullshit!  Executive orders are NOT how you run a DEMOCRACY Donald....
50 LEGISLATIVE approvals ??

Care to cite ONE bill that has made it from #CapitolHill to your desk ??
Or are you confusing that with #ExecutiveOrders ?? 
...After 9 months all I've got is 50 Executive Orders,  designed to kill people and destroy the environment.

Lets get those steel tariffs and infrastructure you promised!!! @SecretaryRoss @PressSec

Who told you this lie?
You da man Trump........2020 next

Even if you undo every @BarackObama  achievement, you can't undo his legacy. His class alone when compared to you goes far enough.
