I can't say that same thing about the U.S. and my safety
BHO woul've asked the governor of Guam to surrender to Kim Jong Un !
People saying you feel safer with Trump-go to Guam now!  You can see the first incoming missile. You can fight the fight+be the ones to die!
The Daily Caller is Satire Republican. Guam Governor never said this statement.
USA is safer with President Trump and Mattis and love their plans 
You are all the worst

Why won't you explicitly condemn Nazis and white nationalists?
Because he is ther leader.
There is an "i" missing.
RT @DailyCaller: Guam Governor To Trump: I’ve Never Felt Safer Than ‘With You At The Helm’ http://trib.al/FmnMQgh  https...
@realDonaldTrump hasan
Yeah that's what i'm talking about, take that Hillary and Barack. In your face.
Me, too!
Horrible Salute bud. Get some respect for the soldiers that protect you
I feel unsafe, but who
Cares not trump.
Mr. PRESIDENT who is bringing you these shitty publications????
I agree! I've never felt safer!
You are a joke and you have never made us less safe look at the events going on around you! Murder in the streets threats of nuclear war
God bless America and Trump
That's what we the majority know and feel the ssne, no longer in the hands of interest. No more having a sold out politician harm us. MAGA
THESE ARE very assuring Words used to the people of GUAM. Proud of TRUMP.
"All over the world they’re talking about Guam. . . Tourism is going to go up ten fold." ~ fcking idiot in chief
Tourism will go up
nothing like getting nuked to bring up tourism!  Seriously lol?
Nuked. Coward
WoW, Nothing like being praised by BOTS after a MASACRE.
#PATHETIC #USELESS #FAKE
Continuing to RT racist propaganda #Sad
@realDonaldTrump this is another lie!
Publicly denounce Domestic Terror and violence by White Nationalists! #FireBannon
Wont happen it's his base
Then we'll just have to erode his base
Maybe you can move to Guam
Having you as prez has put us and the ppl near NK in harms way. There is NO safe military option!
Good thing Dems aren't in charge of protecting Guam. 
One flaw in your theory, Donny's rhetoric is the REASON Guam is in danger
One flaw with your response KIMMYS threats are the REASON Guam is in danger. I'm not condoning trumps rhetoric, but this on NK not him
Your master precipitated it. 10 days ago his admin spoke of regime change. Not a smart thing to do when Kim knows what happened to saddam &
Ghadafi.  What happened to not telling the enemy your plan?
He just runs his damn mouth. His has zero clue how to conduct himself. He thinks he's can do what he does here and claim anything that...
...doesn't go over well is a joke. That's not how it works in the real world and he's finding that out. The wrong time for him to learn that
Everyone is using flattery to get trump on their side, this is not news
It's takes about 5 min to figure out how EASILY manipulated he his, flattery gets you EVERYWHERE in Trumpland
Denile doesn't just run through Egypt anymore.
Pretty sure people on Titanic thought Capt Smith at helm made them safer too..... however......

Amen!!
This sounds more like Trump to Trump.
Bull https://twitter.com/gonzalomo/status/896865574092853248 …
Bullshit
I wonder how long it will be until we find out this is yet another lie.
Then he's pretty stupid.

Beautiful picture
He's a draft dodger. We've all felt a lot safer without this loser president.
 Ask the South Koreans how they feel. #Charlottesville
Not to mention the rest of the world, he is the laughing stock of the planet
He pointed to Trump’s campaign and its appeals to white supremacy and violence.
And I've never felt as disappointed with a president (including Bush) as I feel towards you.
Disappointed is a very generous description, abject terror is more like it, he's a dangerous sociopath
Why won't you explicitly condemn Nazis and white nationalists?
They got him elected, not a chance
I'm running against Maxine Waters
Plus she's one of the most racist politicians their is.
It's there. Can any Deplorable/Trumper spell?
Liberal indoctrination is not kin to reading and writing. It is a social agenda of make believe that will never exist. #MAGA
I sleep better knowing President Trump IS OUR Commander and Chief!
WHAT IS HER NAME DONALD JOHN TRUMP? WHAT IS HER NAME? I WILL MAKE SURE YOU SEE HER FACE IF YOU WONT SAY HER NAME!! I'll make you remember!
Gosh, for a second I thought the
victim of the Va terrorist attack 
had the same profile pic. as you.
There is a resemblance, very nice.
It is her. It's so no one forgets, ever! #TheResistance
That's very nice of you.  O would
have called her parents last night
to express his sympathy.
T has no empathy.
I believe that inside he counts this as a success for him. He is their cultleader. In GER we are really shocked. Deeply shocked.  
Neo-Nazi Website Praises Trump’s Charlottesville Reaction: ‘He Loves Us All’
Huffington Post? Lol
The fact that this is coming from a Trumpeter renders it meaningless...yawwwn
Bet you mainstream media and cnn didn't report this!
MSM is the fuel for these anti American liberals 
No. MSM tells the truth. Fox and Sinclair are fake news.
Please send some of what you are smoking!!
We're smokin' Nazi's.
Stick this in your pipe & smoke it! #TrumpRule
Trump rule: "However bad you think Trump really is, he is actually proven to be worse!"
For a man who ran on being better than the others, he's proven himself to be far worse.
US has never been in safer hands in a long time! God bless @realDonaldTrump !
Agree. God bless DONALD TRUMP
And God protect @realDonaldTrump , his family, #TeamTrump & all his supporters too.Vultures want heads of Bannon & Gorka? Fumigate vultures.
How "christian" of you.
.@realDonaldTrump is the realest out there! The Governor of Guam is more of PATRIOT than all of the Dems COMBINED:
Not only am I positive this account was JUST created to troll, but I do believe you're five years old as well.
Isaiah 41:13
For I, the #Lord your #God, will #hold your right #hand, Saying to you, ‘Fear not, I will [1/2]
Isaiah 41:13...GOD is referring to the Israelites, HIS chosen people. Not @realDonaldTrump @POTUS .
"All these things were written for our example." Romans 15:4; 1 Corinthians 10:11
If I'm not mistaken, the scriptures you are referencing, Paul was writing to the churches.
That's correct. For our learning & teaching.

All Scripture is profitable for doctrine, reproof, correction, instruction , 2 Timothy 3:16
Good god. This is bullshit. I've never been more in fear with you at the helm.
Trump to Guam governor: NK threats will boost tourism 'tenfold'. That's his insane reason to validate nuclear war?
right
Didn't know u like this side of him...lol
didn`t know one could be married with 5 children *lol
Trump: has time to retweet suck up stories that feeds his ego, doesn't have time to condemn white supremacy.
He's about the only one with the courage to rightly condemned White supremacy, Black Lives Matter and Antifa. Wake up!
Someone died while protesting nazis, POTUS says its every's fault, leaves when asked if he condemns white supremacy & you call it courageous
Maybe you'll listen to her.
I guess the governor of Guam didn't see the devastating rally in Charlottesville yesterday he may have something different to say today
If I was the governor of Guam, I'd say the same nonsense....trump is their only defense after all...
That was said before the events of yesterday
Trump is probably a joke to him too. He knows trump is a little insecure man...I'd stick 2 that BS..The governor has slim picking there...
Lol
Have to b amused by trump/Fox cult members. Guess if you lie long enough weak mf's will believe the bulls***...You're exhibit A,B,& C.
What bullshit.
#FakeNews American can don't care about this, we want to mow how trump is gong to react to the hate in America
HAHAHAHAHAHA
Let's think about our divided country since Donald took office. Wow Sad!!
This all started with Barry. Trump inherited this mess. Your side are the true commies.
Did you forget or just ignore?
But we didn't destroy property and make plays about assassinating obama
Who's this WE shit? I don't condone the violence on either side.
FIRE THE NUKES ALREADY!!
You've turned this place into the Divided States of America. You've condoned and encouraged violence and hate. You've damaged the USA.
Can you backup your statement with any facts? Possibly quoting the president saying he condones racism and hate and violence? Probably not
Can you Ken???  As for Kate I agree with her 100%. You are the one that sounds like an idiot
The people working tirelessly to identify every single Nazi who murdered/assaulted peaceful protesters are American heroes. @YesYoureRacist
I know @POTUS loves the country and all of us but I don't trust anyone left over from Obama.
Trump loves Trump. Wake up.
Try quoting a REAL news outlet next time, loser!
@realDonaldTrump
Said the occupied territory.
Now that's #sad  A bigger fool than #TraitorTrump is hard to find. Apparently there's one in the Givernors office.
why not retweet Russia Today while you're at it? #MAGA
Have to kiss some ass since sessions already implied anyone sitting out in the pacific was barely American
FAKE NEWS
And Americans have never been more afraid with #NazisInTheWhiteHouse 
Check out @mikesilva53089's Tweet:
A sitting president has immunity to criminal charges going back to 1973 & 2000, but can be impeached for perjury.
And how about that Mayor of Charlottesville? Where's your retweet on that?

We all feel so much safer with President Trump. He has moved away from policy of appeasement in last administration.

"A couple of chubby brats with big missiles and short fuses"  by Maureen Dowd in WILL THE BLOWHARD BLOW US UP?
In fact, I'd like to come visit you in D.C.... or wherever you are, and tel you in person...repeatedly...until this situation settles down.
As do I!!

This is the biggest piece of BS ever in the history of the US. No one feels safe with you at the helm.
Orange face Vagina is always talking about fake news ,what about fake Tweeter supporters??? Yeah we know all about it!
BULLCRAP LIES!
Fool!
I saw him on the news that's not what he said once again you lie to make yourself look good
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain
The navy didnt say that. Trust me we have our own set of opinions and this is not it
Idiot got it bassackward. NK wasn't directly threatening Guam before, were they?
He must be in a trance or something. YOU are the one who escalated it needlessly all to appease your base. He shouldn't need protection!!
Il peut menasser l armer
LOLOLOL - talk about FAKE NEWS
I don't.  Good for you.
Unbelievable self deception. Trump and Kim will start WW3, how does that make you feel safe? They should be inviting each other for talks.
How dare you salute?
Lol
?
Fake news!!!!

Big freaking deal!  The Governor of Guam has always been an embarrassing Republican Pro-Trump stooge.
And the world has never been more scared!
Thanks for that!
Glad I don't live on Guam!!
What a load of bullshit. The world is not feeling safe at all. Trumps pay him to say that??
This is BS
#DumpDonaldDump
This actually isn't funny, sorry to burst your safe space

send that man a box of baby wipes, after kissing trumps ass he will need them to wipe his face
Bollox and vomit
bad hair.
I hope Guam doesnt tip over.
Hahahahahaha. Safer?
The Daily Caller!? Lolz!!!!
Bulllshit
Never heard of the Daily Caller.
If he actually feels safer because a lunatic is goading another lunatic into bombing him, he's an idiot.
Oh Please give me a break - never felt safer with a megalomaniac as CIC. He is a pawn of Putin and will never be a leader of free world SAD
The governor, of course, didn't reveal how much you paid him for this statement.
Wow. He would make the same statement if someone else was in office.
Trump must condemn racist private militias posing as state actors (Nat'l Guard) to protect nazis & provoke  #maga
Too bad a majority of Americans don't share that sentiment.
I'll have a pint of whatever he's drinking!
how much did it cost to get the Guam Governor to say that? or did you threaten to fire him too?
Why are you retweeting an article from the very group that spread the alt-right organizer's writing?????
Lol
I say THANK YOU  Pres. Trump for standing strong in the face of N. Korea. I APPRECIATE the fact that you don't let lunatics push you around
Amen me either God Bless Trump.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHhaha!!!!
You are disgusting. This is #fakenews, This outlet publishes only news that supports you. Why can't the American people see this? #worstprez
The organizer of the alt-right rally was a writer for The Daily Caller  https://www.mediamatters.org/shows-and-publications/daily-caller ….
Trust me, Governor Guam is scared to death. Trumpsky also told him tourism would be great. Ya, right. Travelers are going anywhere but....
me too!
Lol!!!!!!
What else could Guam say. Their country needs to be sure the armed forces will protect them. They also know trump caused the problem
Greater majority feel dreadfully scared with a President who is impulsive, arrogant & lacking skiils in diplomacy! Thank God for McMaster!
I agree. Thank you
I will fly you out if anything goes wrong mister President
I never felt more in harms way with you at the helm @realDonaldTrump ! You are a walking breathing disaster !

Poor snowflake Donnie has to retweet adoring propaganda to get through the day. Sad.
Is this fact or another made up story from @realDonaldTrump ?
I love this tweet!  It sounds EXACTLY like something a North Korean would say to Kim Jung Un.
Make America white again. #mawa
 I bet 5 bucks he never said that.
Oh brother!
WE HAD A #DomesticTerroristAttack in #charlottesville by #jamesalexfields from the alt-right AND YOU FAILED TO CONDEMN them by name
Here's ur alt right... Bernie Sanders
Research, you naive fool.
Coming from Bernie Sanders supporter who's the fool...lol
Lol is this a joke.
Hahahaha. What a joke
I have never felt in so much danger with our current POTUS.
You're as crazy as Kim. He knows that. You show your maniac everyday. We want Mueller to get you out and save the country.
We must get our country back!!
What a joke. Guam guy obviously likes the taste of 
So this is what they put in your daily "self esteem building" folder.  You do know, that we all know, it's a pack of lies.
narcissist & hypocrite lie. We are scared with Trump ignoramus at the helm
Will he still feel that way after he gets his country nuked and what's left is floating like little pieces of shit in the Pacific?

I can see pink forehead there!
Famous last words the poor fool, doesn't he know trump is a pathological liar?

You dishonor the military when you use them as a photo op prop.  I'm a 20year vet. Stop it.  Very dishonoring.
Take that @DNC, no on feels safe with you
#FakeNews
The people of Guam are terrified
Stop lying to your supporters #Liar
#DonthCon
#ThisisnotNormal
WTF
The dumbness on this thread - you have to wonder.
BS...I've never been more scared #impeach45
If you watch the video, the Governor was laughing as he said it!!!
Scary.
But with Trump at the helm boats seem to collide?
That turkey neck is getting 'yuge'...Maybe your wrong about exercise too...
Note: @HillaryClinton defeated @realDonaldTrump in Guam 23,052 to 7,779
FAKE NEWS

That's odd. When was the last time Guam was targeted with nukes???? Warmonger.
Sycophantic Puppet ......?
I want see that video
