Looks like someone's having his morning meltdown. But lying to miners when he's the one knifing them in the back? Weak!

If anyone has the ability please shut this jerk up..he is still behaving like a spoilt brat whilst still giving himself and friends another
Dear oh dear, Donald. How many times do you need to be told to STOP berating & undermining Democrats? You work for them as a public servant.
Medical care is not market driven. It is an emergency driven service. It should be community supported, like police and fire departments.
HELP THEM BY FINDING THEM JOBS THAT AREN'T MINING!!!  #DontheCon
Yes it's the democrats fault that republicans had 8 yrs to come up with a better plan and couldn't. You're such a tool
Bullshit.
The Democrats are the only ones who give a shit about coal miners.
And the coal miners are waking up to that fact.
Wow, and it only took them what.....40 years to figure this out?
God bless the miners! #MAGA
Donny. Donny. Donny. Liar. You have much bigger problems lurking around the corner. Putins Puppet
Reps blocked their healthcare for years! you are the one playing politics by not paying the insur. companies the money they are owed!
. There are no job and the healthcare works. Just stop the insurance people from wanting more money for nothing.
Don't be ridiculous! All efforts should be put toward clean energy!
#blamegame #blamegame #blamegame #blamegame #blamegame #blamegame

Don't worry Mr President! We'll find another solution to do it! They can't stop us and they know it!
You are a liar
Lies upon lies from Donnie & the @GOP @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan  Sad.
I am a miner been doing it for 20 years #Obamasucked shut us down. Finally going back to work. You're doing great keep it up.
In this morning's amphetamine sideshow of tweets, this may be the most desperate, unhinged, and insane cry for help, President Trump.
I heard your plan does away with preexisting conditions coverage. Is that true?! If so, millions could die bc of you.
Which means most of these miners would lose coverage bc I'm guessing a few of them have Pre-existing conditions. I know I do.
川普牛逼

Just blame the Dems for everything...
*Mr President,  the only mining the dead democrats know is  mining pocket books for campaign donations and  filling their own!*
You spelled "Republicans" incorrectly.
Liar
Is reading THIS hard for you?
Lies.
Shut up.
Retweet if you love @realDonaldTrump
#IMPEACHTRUMP
Why not help coal miners move into renewable energy disciplines ? They number 30K. A very solvable problem.
When you've repeatedly asked the President to support the Miners Protection Act and then see this tweet.
Gaslighter-in-chief
Something came out last night on CNN about miners losing their insurance. Hence, this absurd tweet. They need bipartisan help.
The CNN piece was heartbreaking. This Act is more than government to citizen, it is citizen to citizen. We must take care of our miners.
It was really awful. They sacrificed and got screwed over with few options left to them. Then Trump came and duped them again.
They were stupid and/or desperate enough to vote for Trump. We wouldn't be having this conversation if the miners hadn't elected him.
Yep. Mind boggling to put such trust in a man with his history.
Hey, how's your boy Michael Flynn doing?
Michael Flynn was a holdover from Obama. He is a Democrat. Ops U forgot that didn't you.  was just carrying on Obama legacy being a crook.
actually he was fired by Obama but since he was a foreign agent, Trump put him in charge of ns
Revelation 22:21
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Idiot.
Wrong. Democrats are trying to protect people's healthcare. The CBO estimates 14m people will lose healthcare under the Republican's plan
You're living in the past, even the miners know that. There is no future in coal, it's a dead industry, stop trying to bring it back.
The key to America's success has always been progress. Coal is not progress, renewable energy is. Tons of jobs in that.
Wow, that is so not true. We still live off of coal. Plus, it's way cheaper then renewable energy. So why not make the economy boom again...
Cheaper than renewable energy? Do some research on wind and solar prices and you'll realize how wrong you are
Lol why. You know iknow anything.  Obviously.  Those are too expensive.  Which is why no one uses them.
Solar industry has doubled 7 times since 2000; wind has doubled 4 times since 2000 -Bloomberg

Tell me how "no one uses renewables"
You want to help yourself and no one else.
WRONG
Actually, your health plan would've removed protections from former mine workers suffering from black lung.
It's funny how you always act like you're for the miners & the military, yet the Dems are the only ones trying to keep their health care
All you want to do is abuse coal miners & pump labor out of them for a few years then for them to have a cheap death
It's sad how people don't see this… you act like you care about them to profit for a few years then you don't protect them afterward.
There are only 30k miners in the United States. Help them learn the skills needed in clean energy which already employed far more people.
China is now the world leader in solar energy production. #MAGA
You're not going to change this trend. Accept the change & help workers retrain instead of focusing on dying industries.
This isn't about jobs or miners' health because your actual policies have hurt both of those. This is about serving the interests of donors.
Aren't you the one blocking basic healthcare from a huge majority who can't afford it?
I'm watching you TRUMP ... always watching you ... from movie
Another attempt to rewrite the truth from the Deflector-in-Chief. Miners know where Dems stand – with them. #Trump100Days
Please step down
I stand with you, @NancyPelosi
Please sit down
I am sitting down, sir. Please stop talking!
Are you a liberal fascist from Berkely? Lol
No! I am a graduate student at the University of San Francisco School of Management studying for my MBA degree! A degree Trump doesn't have!
Good luck with your studies
Shut up.
Another blatant fucking lie
nope you mean @SenateMajLdr was the one blocking!
You rhetoric is fooling no one except your cult base. You are Fake News.
They HAVE healthcare.
Leave it alone.
@SenateMajLdr is blocking their health care.
You are trying to take their health care away and frankly I hope you succeed - you will then defintely be a ONE TERM PRESIDENT.
Is every word you say an out and out lie? You contradict yourself every other minute.
You're so good at lying. I guess it's because you've had so much practice at it. #trumprussia.
Have you no shame at all?!
You own The House, Senate. Do your job.Dont take away pre existing and act like your care about miners.
Can you start posting your sources?
You got it wrong.
#CrookedTrump
Why do u lie about everything?1) you've already agreed 2 bail out their health fund 2) not even related 2 ACA repeal 
3) Repugs have control
That's an outright lie. Democrats aren't what is keeping your crappy Trumpcare from getting through.
You are deplorable.
You make me sick.
Are there 22 million of them?  Cuz thats how many you just punked today.
Actually, you and the repubs are trying to shit on everyone's healthcare. #liar #crazy #unhinged #donthecon #unfit
You're the guy that farts in the elevator and blames it on someone else.
You can't be that dishonest, can you? The Dems are fighting for the miners against you and the Rs.
Impotent, impotent, impotent.  Sums up your first 100 days and people around the world knowit.
It seems to me the Democrats and some Republicans are saving the miners lives not killing them, like you. You don't have a plan.
Dude, have you not realized the Democrats are the minority? You don't even have the majority (AKA Republican) backing. SHAME ON YOU!
Put action where your big mouth is. Save the miners healthcare. Do it now!
You lie.
How do you want to help? Coal is no good for anyone. Well, mabey you and your friends. Do you have money in coal? #TrumpTaxes
Bullshit
All U care about.  I mean ALL YOU CARE ABOUT is your shrinking base.  Civil War--U are DIVIDING THE COUNTRY.  But U DONT CARE.  worst ever
I hope Repubs remember what Dems are doing if & when they get back in  I hope Repubs are learning from disrespect Dems are showing us now
Shameless liar
Seriously?  You are completely off your rocker.  Not at all what is going on.
Mr Pres, u have more power than those idiotic Dems! They r all talk, we listen 2 u not the Dems! U r the boss! Get tougher!
Please... for all of our sakes... just stop lying.
Do you even know what is happening in your own party?  You really are a consummate liar.
Bullshit....you only want to help yourself. 7 years and no Republican Plan.
Coal mining is dead dingus.It kills miners & it kills our planet. Instead of promoting black lung disease, focus on new jobs in clean energy
If you want to help our miners, pay to teach them to work in the green industry. Coal is dying and so is our environment
No one finds coal mining to be healthful #trumplies
coal is not the future, it is the past
Now just hold on, is it not a DEMOCRAT who is trying to extend miner's healthcare coverage to PERMANENT? Republicans are even on to you!
Do you have an actual job, or do you just sign stuff and tweet all day and night?
Why can't you call your Tesla boy and partner with him to retrain all the coal workers into solar? You say you like to win, assist, me.
Ever heard of Renewable Energy? Look it up.  #resign
Your healthcare plans threatens to take health care for miners. Stop lying. They are getting health care today because of OBAMA, not you!
Democratic plan - stay poor WV so you get hooked to govt subsides and vote demo - and like most Demo plans that failed spectacularly
You are taking their healthcare and encouraging them to go back to mines that kill them. 44 offered them modern energy jobs. That's help!
The Republicans can literally pass anything they want. That's what majorities can do.
Put the Democrats on Obama care see how fast they will fix health care
Actually you will decimate the entire system with your . proposal
Not Miner-PLZ U PROMISED 2 SAVE SS MED MEDICADE  I'M SICK REFUSING TREATMENT WILL DIE SAW AHA PROP MY PUNISHMENT 4 MY VOTE STRESS 2 MUCH 
You want to "help" our miners by polluting streams, creating toxic environments, and trying to pull blood out of a rock. COAL IS FINITE.
Total repeal of this Obamacare. Affordable healthcare insurance on the free market.
Pretty much everyone knows not to believe anything you say.
Yet another incredible LIE! How many miners depend on Medicaid to deal with their pre-existing lung conditions which you will not protect?!
Lying fool! You lied to these poor people and they bought it!
Don't you ever tell the truth !
Liar. There is no other word to describe you. Oops...I was wrong. Fucking liar.
Fucking News saying "he's adjusting" he's a pathological liar
healthcare has not even been put before the democrats!! Its your own party that knows how horrible your new health care is
Liar...Liar....liar.....liar......liar......liar!!!!!!!!!
Oh! Come on 45 we know what you have on the table and it's a total shit blast!
It's not about the Democrats. Your peeps are in control.
You are completely effing insane.
ummm, didn't they pass universal healthcare?
They've wisened up to you Trump; you're not fooling them anymore. Shame on you and your very poorly prepared and very poorly educated admin.
Politicians don't care about American workers. Especially the Democrats.  #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA
You want to bring back mining, which is bad for the health of miners; and coal, which is bad for the environment. Sad.
The American people are wising up to you.
Help miners by forcing owners to employ ALL possible safety regs.
Not true.
Liar
Your party controls House & Senate. Realize you aren't too sure how government works but with those odds, you can't blame Democrats.
Democrats let Obama do anything without challenge & NEVER read healthcare Bill. Also had John Roberts rewrite the bill. Shame on him.
Are U providing jobs 4 them above ground?They suffered enough already.U go in2those Hell Holes 4a while.2fat to fit in2 those tight spaces?
You r the one blocking the health care for miners.  They are one of the groups that won't be covered b/c they have preexisting illness.
It's not that I would deny miners. Most of my family were miners. But I want health care too. I'm a nurse. PRN workers need healthcare too.
Every tweet u blame the left. How do you run ur companies, blame your workers for everything? Be accountable - U R in charge old man.
They will need good health care to treat black lung and other health issues caused  by coal mining! Retrain them w/pay.
Have you always been this stupid?
Get them jobs in solar/wind if you really want to help. Coal is the past
One of few issues I disagree with you, we need clean energy for workers AND citizens. #CoalPollutionCausesAutism
You lie.
What about miners with pre-existing conditions? Like all of them.
No, you only want to help the wealthy.
yea right! The miners are fed up with u 2.
Wonder how many of the 24 million hard working people your plan kicks off healthcare, are miners.
Lie.
You spelled "preserving" wrong.
What about the rest of hard working Americans? You NEVER talk about everybody. You pick and choose. You are supposed to be for ALL.
U lie like a rug. U take away ACA miners lose BL long term benefits, as do their sps! That's what they rec now. Ask them.
Really? You want to line UR coal producing cronies on the BACKS OF MINERS. U R the one who's taking away from them
 #Impeach45 #TRAITOR
Its really sad that you lie to the ones that need healthcare the most; the ones that show up to your ego rallies and defend your golf/lies
GREAT,so if the coal mines don't come back, at least you will protect their pensions & back lung benefits?Trumpcare 2.0 will HURT them.SICK
Massive poo spewing here.If you really supported miners you'd not have removed #ACA's #BlackLung provision.
Trump don't care.Only #ObamaCare
You're the first #RussianAgent US ever had as #POTUS
May your name live in Infamy while U languish behind bars.#Traitor
#LügenPresident
Thank you @realDonaldTrump   MAGA ALL DAY!!!!
Coal is a dead industry.
Try focusing on actual modern energy industry with real promise - solar.
What?!?
Help miners find new jobs. Mining is obsolete, kind of like you '
Natural gas killed coal. Maybe u need a paint by numbers book to keep u out of trouble comrade
help them...
FYI POTUS The GOP has total control the Dems cannot block anything its the GOP who has no stomach for the latest attack on health care DUMB
Democrats and Obama, we still have the power!!! Lol
Now Mr President everything is a process why not fix what is wrong with the ACA
Help them by sending them back to the mines that made them sick. Your plan wouldn't treat them for anything thy have right now.
Are you trying to see how many times you can use the word "Democrat"?  You only have 10 stubby fingers, so how many can you point?
Right! We need to get rid of the OCare crap and move on now! Ditch it any way we can! Do not give them anything more! Let them shutdown gov!
You are lying as usual. Easy to point finger ar someone else
Wait a minute. Donald Trump is blocked to my account and he's there I can't get rid of him
You're a pathetic small person, stop lying. We the people are better than you and want what is good for country not a few pockets.
#bullshit
HOW are the Dems blocking miners healthcare?? The Dems want to help with the healthcare but YOU won't let them since you won't get tax cut.
not true
Will someone please shut this delusional man up
The Democrats actually came up with a health care program for the miners. You want to take it away!
What healthcare? Trumpcare won't help them
Come on Chris
.......say something spicey
Make me laugh
You don't want to help anyone but yourself and your rich cronies!
ROFL - you are clueless
