This is the truth that one can find in the Holy scriptures.Thank you Mr. President.
The Founding Fathers were VERY clear that America was not a nation of God, but a nation of religious FREEDOM regardless of who ones God is.
Except when your God makes you think you are above others. This is code for, God made me better than you, so you must be subject to me. Some more white supremacist b.s. is what this is.
If God brought us Trump it was not to save us but to punish us!
So true President Trump. You have a heart of faith given to you by God.
No, President Heel Spurs.. freedom doesn't fall from the sky. It is a priveledge, gifted to us by the selfless men and women whom died on the battlefields. Brace yourself ....many were immigrants who chose to serve. Moron
Do you LIKE how I capitalize unnecessary WORDS with ancient and outdated BELIEFS? If freedom is a GIFT from God, then why doesn't everyone have IT, regardless of RELIGION?
Amen!

Yes, President Trump’s comments are right....
In retrospect it is true that Freedom is a "gift from God"; This means that humans have the freedom to do anything, with the notion that the act will be a glory to His name (the name of God).
Thank you, Mr. President!!
amen 
Sorry, Mr.President but God didn't smite the British Army, our forefathers did !!! But, I'm sure he had something to do with it !!!
Yeah, freedom for themselves but what about those poor ol' folks from Africa @PoliticoBasil @kefcee_lee
All people should be free. Have to right for it

Would be nice if governments believed those words .
Christians have the understanding that all humans are sinners & make mistakes. With that is also a peace that comes with the understanding sins can be forgiven. Non Christians don't seem to think they commit sin therefore don't need forgiveness. Thru Grace I pray all find peace.
Non religious people get that too 
Everyone makes mistakes 
Gotta push forward and improve yourself
So correct
Then why do the white priveledged try to take it away?
Amen!

Praise Zeus!  The one true god! Xoxo
Respected guardian, take my salam, I want a very good solution, attracting your attention to it, will be good, your, Mehedi

@realDonaldTrump  is a Koch-Holster for the brother kochs

"Congress shall make no lawrespecting an establishment of religion" 

If God gave us freedom, then why would this be a thing.
Mientras dvcn  v Maria  dio supervivencia indigenas biblia dio nuclear : solo I corazon i v Maria da futuro
Burbuja nuclear
And it must be protected by man and the 2A.
Agreed ! It ticks me off that all the libs R screaming 4 laws that bypass 2A! Fools all  Criminals ALWAYS get guns. Libs be glad 4 a good guy with 1 to shoot back when THEY face such a criminal
Amen President Trump, 
Amen & God Bless you 
& your family 

@POTUS 
@realDonaldTrump 
@FLOTUS 
@MELANIATRUMP 
#MAGA
If you ever manage to read the USC I highly recommend The Federalist Papers. Maybe after that some Jefferson and Adams.
You are a f*cking laughable moron who understands nothing abt government. Pretending to be wise. You are incompetent, bullying ass that needs to resign and soon. They are coming after you.
No fake POTUS, freedom is not a gift from God. Freedom is fought for every day by our military, by our people, by our past government. You threaten to take that freedom away every day bc u want to be a dictator. We fight everyday.
No more apology. We did what we did for the good of all humanity. Period!
Or, fools put their trust in an old book instead of reality.
That's what government has forgotten.
Amen!!
Yes Mr. President , it is a gift from God.
The founders forgot about freedom for anyone but rich white, land-holding, slave owners just like themselves (and you)
Screw them (and you)
Excellent
Hmmm... I wonder if the native Americans thought that.
Are you serious??? Do you really believe in God as do lesser mortals like us.... Unbelievable!!!  Shock of the century!  or is it His fear?
Ask the other prisoners if they agree with you when you get there.

Lmao... Trump you illiterate idiot, your God is a fraud just like you.
Yes so true amen thank you Mr President amen I
actually it was a gift from geography
65 million Trump Fans are the Builders of America.
Says the president who never went to church before being elected.
Mr Trump, I agree with you on this one.

And then they made sure to separate church and state? Also, you haven’t been religious a day in your life. Which is fine, but don’t lie.
Does god grab women by the pussy and just start kissing them?
YET,DonWeinsteinTrump aka TrumpusGropus DonaldCharlieSheenTrump DonniMilhouseTrump
Scarcely bLIEves in anything beyond himself? #SAD
I agree.
FAKE CHRISTIAN
The #Church  he claimed to be an attending member of had never heard of him there and could NOT find any record of him 
Again #LYING  

Time to start cashing in your favors with the Alimighty, Trumpy. It’s gonna get real bumpy from here.
our govt was set up to protect it, not scuttle it
Idiot.
Uh, no, it is a right!
Quite odd coming from a Godless man.
I LOVE THE WAY YOU LOVE GOD!!!
It don't even sound right, you mention my GOD!
Amen
People read Federalist papers >> Declaration of Independence Constitution.  Separation from church and state stops government interference.
Donald when ever your criminal case seek way for impeachment you try to raised something else now u want raised Kennedy from the dead
Then why are you fighting it so hard?
DO NOT speak as though YOU know ANYTHING about GOD.  You do not.  You know even less about the constitution.
FREEDOM 2 Americans is NOT in the scriptures  Right of an American 2 bear arms is NOT in the scriptures US Constitution UNDER GOD-NOT BY GOD
even God wages war... read it
THAT IS GODS TO DO!!!! NOT A GOVERNMENT
"One Nation "under" God...not "by" God indivisible with liberty and justice for all" Government gave me the right 2 a "carry permit" not God
OR THE @NRA
Not so! No more than our right to bear arms Secretary Zinke said it was a "God given right to bear arms" Our Constitution gave us that right
It's not a God Given right, but Constitutional right.
Yes Marine  Freedom and Right to Bear Arms Thank you 
Freedom is not a gift. You must pay for it and only the wealthy can afford it

So the Russians ended up selling uranium to North Korea .The same uranium that Hillary sold to the Russians .And Bill Clinton sold the guiding system for these nukes .What the hell is going on .


For a guy with no values, zero vision, incomplete or missing mental development, dearth of insight, all libido without conscience--cram it!!
WE THE PEOPLE RGOV SUGGEST SET UP WORK PROGRAMS 4INNER POOR BLACK ADOLESCENTS 2WORK 4FARMERS 1ST JOB N DIFF ENVIRONMENT& SAVE 4JOB TRAINING
Bullshit! It was not a gift from an invisible man in the sky.  It was earned by hard work. Something tRumps know nothing about.
U Americans need to wise up and back ur president, all presidents talk about God in this manner , even when he does good u all fault him lol
God say victory belongs to the people but the wrath of God belongs to you Donald Trump with the curse of leapercy unto all your generations
This rapists child molesters and pussy graber should be stripped for his crime as Harvey Winestine, why this criminal is not in jail
AMEN
WHERE ARE YOUR BABYSITTERS?
You should know, since you are #EVILINCARNATE
Does he live in Bizarro World?
To BAD YOU DON’T BELIEVE THIS TRUTH DOTARD*****

Amen amen! See http://www.calledtostand.com  About it! #Godgivenfreedom #calledtostand
I BELIEVE IT. IT'S ONLY THROUGH GOD, CAN WE HAVE FREEDOM. GOD IS IN CONTROL
 HE CHOOSES CERTAIN PEOPLE TO DO WHAT'S RIGHT. THAT'S WHYTRUMPIN
So shut up about citizens exercising that freedom.
Explain this #TrumpLies #TrumpDossier guess this is Fake Video?
freedom is a not a gift. it is a right that MUST be taken
The Constitution guarantees us freedom FROM religion.  White nationalists are the party of oppression.
Pandering again I see. Divorced how many times? Kids from how many women? You lie like your father Beelzebub!
Amen
Freedom is a gift from ourselves to ourselves. There are perfectly fine AMERICANS who don't share your belief in God. Respect them too!
https://twitter.com/intel3210/status/922975460308471810 …
@PressSec please stop talking you know nothing about My God...Jesus came to save...you do not have a clue
@PressSec God has nothing to do with government...Jesus came to save us....nothing to do with politics
This is absolute truth, those who deny others freedom to live, association, religion, speech, business don't deserve it too
Shut up you hypocrite
the founding fathers did not want 2 go back 2 the way it was N the old country. they used the church like a whip 2 keep lesser's N line.
People all over the globe have no real freedom. Their gov'ts. steal it.
Wrong.
I'm still standing in prayers and as many that are in support shall see you reestablish USA on Godly foundation. No more Islamic to rule
What a fucking moron. FREEDOM comes from government, specifically OUR CONSTITUTION which you don't understand nor respect. Religion enslaves
Tell that to ALL the Slaves who NEVER experienced FREEDOM! Constitution was written to insure FREEDOM of corrupt Govt.
FOS!
SO TRUE
#IQ45
Weird that you talk about God when apparently you are ok w lying, bullying, sexual assault, etc.
Natures god. Not the same thing at all. #fakechristian #2corinthians #littlecracker #grabembythepussy
From your mouth to god’s ear. I mean straight to god’s ear. NO ONE ELSE can stand the sound of your voice. Phony Christian. You’re pathetic
Well said, Mr. President! May God Bless you with His wisdom.
So why did it take an amendment to free slaves? The US was 100% wrong untilt
Until the emancipation proclamation?
Forgetting, President Lincoln signed it because racist Demo Crappers refuse and emancipation follow. Atheists lack personal morals.
That was 1) barely coherent 2) ignoring the changes to the parties while names remained and 3) I’m an atheist & have morals so that’s false
Morals of little child lacking common sense.
God bless America
God bless our women who respect life and freedom and #2A
God Bless our #MILITARY
#CW39basedInChicago #LIB #MSM #TX IS VILE #FAKENEWS #HOLLYWOOD CREATING SHOWS TEACHING #RACISM #HATE #FEAR the #WALL GOD BLESS TRUMP #MAGA
A gift from an adult's invisible friend.  Which sky fairy is your favourite? Take your pick from the hundreds of man made gods.

It's unfortunate that as Pres. you get to applaud others doing better things than you are capable of. You -- failure!!
Go f yourself arangatang!  Can't even respect the fallen troops. Baffoon!


..and so are our #firefighters #1stResponders #MAGA
..and so is our #military
..and so are our children.precious baby born in car with amniotic sac still intact #MAGA #GOP #REPEAL_REPLACE #DEFUNDPP #FREEADOPTION #LIFE
..and so ARE OUR #FIRST_RESPONDERS #HARVEY #VOLUNTEERS #MAGA #TRUMP ROCKS #GOP

They also understood you have to fight for it and defend it. We’d still be drinking taxed tea if General Washington had bone spurs.
That's right....and presidents and NFL owners don't get to change that Freedom, a.h.
That’s not true
..and so are #FREEDOM LOVING GENERALS
..and so are our #2A women #MAGA #TRUMP #GOP  #REPEAL _REPLACE #DefundPP  #JESUS #PROLIFE
Ah wrong. If freedom is a gift from god then the god people will be swift 2 take it away. Farce!USA must be religion neutral not 3rd world.
..and so is our #2A RIGHT TO BEAR ARMS against #gangs #criminals #ISIS #MAGA #TRUMP ROCKS #GOP #NRA #WALL
..and so are our men in uniform #MAGA #TRUMP #GOP
..and so are our men in uniform #MAGA #TRUMP #GOP
..and so are our nen in uniform #MAGA #TRUMP #GOP
..and so are our men in uniform #MAGA #TRUMP #GOP

..said men after shedding blood to secure #FREEDOM #JESUS preserved #USA for #CHRISTIANITY MEN PRAYED ALMOST LOOSING #USA JESUS sent #TRUMP

KEEP G-D out of our politics-you haven't read the Constitution have you? Separation of Church & State! That means G-d not just buildings!
Wining at losing bigly ? Haha
So an atheist doesn't have freedom? You are a populist numpty!
If you listen, you can hear the ghost of Thomas Jefferson vomiting. #FakePresident #ChurchandState
You mean guy who wrote, “The God who gave us life gave us liberty at the same time; the hand of force may destroy, but cannot disjoin them?”
Do you understand the irony of your own comments? #freedomforALL
Pander much?
What God are you worshipping Trump?
First off Trump Freedom is a right for every person on earth .and yes it's a gift but a right as we'll.
Thank you Mr. President. You, alone have given us hope! I support you and know you are serious about making America great again! Bless you.
What do YOU know about God, jackass? #FakeChristian
