Just landed in Iowa. See everyone soon! #MAGA...
Hey *45, Iowa has second largest installed base of wind behind TX. MEC has been pretty clear on their investment. "Trump steps on own dick."
SIGH - "Iowa, where Trump said this, is the state that generates the highest percentage of its energy from wind." Why is my POTUS so dumb?
Nearly 200 countries share your thought, Princess. And it hurts to see what is happening in our good friend nation, since Obama is not POTUS
Thank you for your kind words. I really appreciate it.
Yw. It's hard to realize that times are changing and brainless words have become so powerful. And not only in the U.S., also here in Europe.
We love you MR. President. Keep up the good fight
We can always tell when U R running scared bc U hold a rally. Your candidates should have won by double digits.They didn't. I wonder why?
...And what a wonderful speech you gave there, Sir!
(And who knew how magnificent your speech in Warsaw would be!)
#MAGA
... Since you've returned from Warsaw, I've been playing their National Anthem a lot!
It's a proud and lovely song!
Get your flabby behind in that Oval Office and do some freaking WORK. You have 500 + people to appoint, healthcare is a mess, & a kid
was murdered in AMERICA by a WHITE MAN just because she's muslim
Where's your "thoughts/ prayers" for her?
You are a cruddy president
Retire
Sad!
Be a damn President for ALL Americans, just once in your 1st and only term.  Not just your base.
You simply don't measure up, Donald.  It's why you systematically want to erase him from history.  Sad!
Have fun at your rally, bud!  You are still under investigation!
jUsT LaNdEd In iOwa
I heard Trump rallies are LIT!!!
Better not get you mad, Donald....
Remember kids, this is Trump, and this is your brain on Trump.  Just say NO! to Trump.
thanks for the warning!
We get it...Trump is a disappointment to all of us
Get the hell out of here!
WATCHED YOU LAND MR PRESIDENT.
Please leave my home state.
Look asshat stop doing campaign rallies and do your job
Psalm 20:4
May He #grant you according to your #heart’s #desire, And fulfill all your #purpose.
Hillary Clinton did a good job losing for you scumbag I thought it was great. 
#MAGA let the haters, hate

Wish I was there
stfu
No one cares
AMEN! Why is he out on the campaign trail, should be in Washington doing his damn job. such a narcissistic, got to have his base praise him!
Eh, who cares really.
Welcome to Iowa Mr President.  Keep up the good work!  God bless you and protect you. MAGA

Raising money for all those attorneys you created jobs for? You are such a disappointment!
Iowa did nothing to deserve this.
Awesome thank God can't wait to watch your the best
Just read he is signing an EO giving big pharmaceutical everything they gave asked for. Especially banning us citizens
From buying from
Canada or any country where drugs are cheaper....what a liar he is!
Support our 45th Commander in Chief!
"see everyone soon"
yup, that's what i fear too
hashtag iowa
Wish I were there
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 6 Months, 29 Days, 17 Hours, 55 Minutes, and 5 Seconds
GO FVCK Urself!!
whazup with Ford moving jobs to China?dealmaker plez tell us,u got all your trademarks, they locked up the whistleB on Ivanka&they get FORD?
We need to figure out on how to pay to clean up polluted waters in Iowa, hopefully you can come up with a solution, keep up the amazing job!
stay there
The bots are rolling tonight!
So another ego-boosting "Adoration of the MAGA" rally in a red state with a friendly audience? You are the NEEDIEST child in Washington, SAD
Doing a campaign rally, when your approval is just 36% and American is losing BIGLY to Russia?
And subject that canine to abuse?  How wrong!
Get a turtle. You can name it Mitch and have conversations with it about removing all  gov't rights and services for those not the 1%.
A fish one of those fighting Chinese fish! They are aggressive like you!
Hey if there's a tornado just go to the end zone in Iowa's stadium b/c there are rarely any touchdowns there
haha just kidding man have a gr
Hey enough to beat Nebraska.
WE DONT WANT YOU HERE


https://twitter.com/hmirahmadi/status/877315295895048192 …

Judicial Watch seeking documents ‘unlawfully removed’ by Comey   http://fxn.ws/2rDXBwA  
https://twitter.com/CofefeJefe/status/877640241032470528 …

 SARCASM ALERT

Somebody told me it was #TriggerALiberal day.This should spike the sales of PlayDoh up in college cities…
#TrumpRussia #TrumpLies 
#TrumpSux #LOSER
Catch the birdy 
#TrumpRussia #loser
Dat ass doh 
#Loser
We want Obama 
#trumpsux
45 will spend more on vacations in his first year than obama spent in 8. If he makes it a year.
False. We pay for him to go to his properties. We have spent more on his vacations than ALL of Obamas ALREADY.
When does the rallying end and the presidenting start?
I'd settle for adulting.
Back on the campaign trail. Great use of time, Don! #MAGA
Hope to see your approval rating continue to tank
He's too busy on the golf course to notice.
Trump sold us to Russia. He's the biggest traitor of all time. #TrumpRussia 
#TrumpsGoingToJail
Historians will add TrumpTraiter to school text as trying to bring the U.S. intelligence down w Flynn = in severity to Benedict Arnold
Still in campaign mode because your agenda's failing? 
No, just wants to keep it fresh #alwayswinning #MAGA
 That's great!
Absolutely
спасибо!
Whatever that means #getonboardforagreatride
The only great ride I want to see is the one where Trump falls off.
That's violent rhetoric!! You'll frighten the Trumpflakes!!!
Are you inviting Flynn to speak for you and shout "Lock her up" again? He's your good buddy, so don't forget to invite him.
Don't forget to shout and scream about how unfair the "fake news" is to you and how you want to win against Hillary. -- 7 mths ago.
Are you going to tell them that coal is never coming back, you're not going retrain them, & you're going to take away their health care?
Or, are you going to talk about that damn wall again? I promise, and @VicenteFoxQue promises, Mexico is not going to pay for the damn wall.
AARP: Impact of #AHCA  #Medicaid cuts in Iowa 11.2 percent cut to funding, 66,000 people cut from services by FY2026
http://www.aarp.org/ppi/info-2017/impact-of-ahca-on-total-medicaid-spending-in-select-states.html …
#TrumpCare will destroy #Medicaid - shifting $800 billion to tax cuts for the rich.

Bad for Iowa.  Bad for America
http://www.kmaland.com/news/report-shows-rural-iowa-kids-depend-on-medicaid/article_d7161824-4d22-11e7-8e06-33ea43faa5df.html …
Awful #TrumpCare is bad for Vets.  Watch McConnell block veteran Sen Duckworth motion to protect vets
http://washingtonjournal.com/2017/06/19/mitch-mcconnell-just-refused-protect-healthcare-veterans/ …
Rural hospitals will be cut by #TrumpCare
If #TrumpCare is so great, why is McConnell hiding it in a back room about to sneak it thru in the dead of night?
Well obamacare is on it's last legs with massive cost increases and some states have almost no plans to choose from.. #failure . Need change
YAHOO!!!! ANOTHER ROOTIN TOOTIN RALLY!!!! I GOT MY LOCK HER UP SHIRT AND WRANGLERS!!!!
I HOPE YOU WILL DO YOUR FAKE NEWS SPEECH AND YOU YOU BEAT GOOD OL HILLARY. YEEEEEE HAWWWWW!!!!
Fake News is CNN not covering the rally LIVE so they can pick out parts to distort! & None of HRC's E-mails were proved false!Media's BS HAS
Stay away from my grandmother's private parts. Thanks in advance, you-know-what grabber.
Just left. Big Nazarene convention you might want to stop by and say hello.
Stay there!! Keep campaigning

You go Sir.
Heard a sound clip of that lame rally in Iowa and you sounded exactly like the low class thug you are. SAD! DISASTER! VERY VERY BAD!
STAY IN WASHINGTON & DO YOUR JOB! READ A BOOK. STUDY HISTORY. TAKE A JOG. WORK ON AMERICA & NOT YOUR BUSINESS. ENOUGH IS ENOUGH ALREADY!
In your safe space to brag about yourself and to lie to your ignorant supporters.  What a guy! #shame
啪啪趴
On what planet should it be acceptable for us (taxpayers) to pay for you to campaign nonstop?
Gross
Why rally try uniting this country it's you job
Are you going to wish everyone into the cornfield?
Where is tax reform

Guess we should be thankful for Kushner. Someone has to be President while you are constantly out satisfying that needy ego with "Rallies".
Poor Iowa.
Stay there.  California or the U.K. do not want you to visit!
How much did this pep rally cost the taxpayers??
We're counting on you to fight against the Left and the RINO's.  We can't trust the GOP Congress!  Help us!!
The Democratic leaders are so pathetic and can't take a joke of a President down!I can't think of a single democrat that provokes excitement
Make America Gag Again.
Stay in your houses Iowans...save yourselves!
I know you said that you don't want a poor person in those positions but I think it would serve you well to see how normal people live.
#MakeAttorneysGetAttorneys #MoronsAreGoverningAmerica #MiddleAmericaGoesAnal
Hope they meet you with egg throwing
Everyone? That seems unlikely. You won't see me, for example.
so MAGA is basically the new "Sieg Heil"?
Iowans like you and you like them. You said you wish you could stay with them. You love the poorly educated and it's obvious they are dumb!
sad how many people really believe your BS
Stay there please.
Holy God I hope not! I don't want to see you!
35%
A president that needs rallies to bust his ego, really?   Small President.
submerge power generators in constant ocean currents to supply continuous 
energy for desalination plants. Fresh farm/well water abundance!
LOOSER
Your speech last night was great! Right on the mark! Enjoyed hope you plan more soon...Thank-you
I wish you'd land on planet mars instead and stay there.
Watch out for Russians.  No wait. Terrorists all around. No wait. It's Russian Democrat Terrorists blowing smoke. Be careful out there

#LCLA (Let China Lead Again)
Stop Campaigning!!  Go back to the White House and do your job!!!
Don't wanna see you.
I KNEW I could feel an EVIL disturbance in the FORCE.
FC Never going to pass that secret health Care bill. Your Republicans suck at everything. Work with your moderate Reps and the Dems.
Orangeface kill Medicaid Scumbag
You care 0 about us Americans, you only care about winning elections. Another career politician. You ARE the swamp, Drumpf. #Trump
America will be great again when you're impeached for colluding with Russia. Sad!
Saw the rally, great speech,Mr.President,
Thanks for the warning.
"You've heard we did a very good job making Iowa a state, right? Everyone's talking about it."
Keep your wig on Donald, only your 'paid for' support will turn up.
#RESIST #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpRussia #TrumpPutin 
#TrumpLiar
#TrumpTraitor
#GOPTraitors
#sHaLloWstAtE
Why are u doing rallies-don't u have a job to do? You've accomplished nothing #FakePresident #LockHimUp #worsethanwatergate @FoxNews
Enjoyed your speech from Mississippi.
Dont go to Minnesota we HATE U here!!
And now this...broken promises donald!
AKA PUSSY GRABBER: self-confessed sex offender; a  man who gropes female genitals without consent and then brags about it.
Someone please explain how 1 person shows up to listen to self indulgent 5th grade mentality? He's lying his ass off yet people are cheering
We Love You, Donald :)
E a Cagliari quando vieni ????
Everyone with no teeth and no brains. Nothing personal, Iowa Trump fans.
You are one sick dude!
Aw,u had to do a snowflake campaign rally so u could feel good about yourself since your illegitimate and cheated your way into a presidency


Malignant narcissistic psychopath, meet incompetence.
nice to meet you in China (future)
Tony, you have issues!!! Misguided issue as usual.
Don I'm not in Iowa
I would rather see you in hell #Resistance #ImpeachTrumpNOW
Another literal ego trip. He won't show up at any open public venue because he knows he'll be booed and his YUGE ego couldn't handle it.
How about focusing on governing?! Enuf w/ the rallies all about feeding your precious ego. Work on bipartisan ACA reforms that r needed
Going to see the Captain Kirk shrine?
they say what comes around goes around....Trump kept saying lock her up....it might come back to haunt him big time!
You gave, quite possibly, the most ridiculous speech ever given by an American president. Fake News! Lies! Misunderstanding solar energy!
Are you making profit off of MAGA merchandise at these rallies? Who is paying for these rallies? Is THIS being investigated?
  
#WINNING  You are a brilliant brand builder.
When are you going to stop DIVIDING us and go to places where you can explain your proposed program? Flattery is all you want. Let's kiss up
I like how your face covers the entire Avi
And we care WHY?????
This was one of your best speeches.  So Thankful for you being our President. Praying for God's wisdom, strength and favor on you.
Great speach
中国人民也很喜欢你，希望你也喜欢中国！
#letsmaga
Grow uo.
Useless tweets.
