@tomcoates 
Tom, why the focus on Mexicans? I'm more concerned with Guatemala, El Salvador, Middle Eastern border crosses.
Well because of the graph in this tweet:
Here's a graph showing how many people are caught trying to get into the country: 
Which shows that until very recently the vast majority of illegal immigrants have been Mexican...
... and now it's a much much lower figure and all the rest combined roughly equate to it
Current DEA/BP tactics have exacerbated the drug war. Investing more $$ in that exact same strategy is insanity.
So, why are you sending the National Guard, genius?
Sounds good!! They know we have a president who will enforce our laws about immigration. Like theirs!
You'll be impeached on violating the law, not only obstruction of justice but money laundering, Deutsche Bank is one of dozens of western financial institutions that processed at least $20bn – and possibly more – in money of “criminal origin” from Russia.
your cabinet are so corrupt I can't wait until you go down not my president I have no respect for you
quit spending so much time trying to revenge on President Obama!! He did search a great job so try to build on that .
So why is there suddenly a great need for the National Guard at the border. You are a farce and con man for your base. #ImprachTrump.
Show me your source.  Just because you say it so, doesn't make it so.
There hasn’t been a fact based tweet in a week now. What about Pruitt? What about Stormy? How secure are our primaries? Press conference? What are you afraid of?
General Kelly works with you. At the White House.
Are you going to build a wall in our oceans...the cartels spend over a million dollars to build these vessels.. You're filling Americans full of your BS. Hope you get impeached so America can get back to decency, honesty, decency, truth and integrity which YOU have NONE.
General Kelly is doing a great job at the border. Numbers are way down. Many are not even trying to come in anymore....
What BS are you spewing?
Give me your tired, your poor,

Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,

The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.

Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed to me,

I lift my lamp beside the golden door!"

-Emma Lazarus,1883
Kelley is morally wrong. Many uneducated immigrants built the US....Don't lie again to Americans. Don't forget what the US stands for which is NOT YOU or your corrupt cabinet. Your soul is evil.
With you all the way President Trump... God bless you!
No, it's not his doing. You've made the United States a less appealing place for people to visit and live in. So, thanks?
So, no need for your "wall"?

since your folks are doing such a great job why don't you skip the wall building. Keep some Arts programs, PBS,.....
your leadership is what helps him do his job properly!  Thank you President Trump
You are full of it!
“If they go back to the fight, we’ll probably kill them. So that’s a good thing.”  Great Guy!
fake news from a fake president 
then why are you building a wall
#BuildTheWall #MAGA
what about The 100+ that were just killed, what about this war you sent our kids to

so we don't need that really really expensive wall that Mexico isn't going to build! Tax payers don't want to pay for it!
thé big Trump
Great you are making America great again as you promised #BuildaWall
distraction
I see someone is looking for an out when they announce we r not bldg a wall, which was a ridiculous idea to begin with.
so, no wall?
.@realDonaldTrump If your tactic was to make the country totally unattractive to foreigners, then yes, you did a good job Cheeto.
Canadians aren't coming over anymore either. No one wants to come here because of Trump. Tourism is down.
Heck I got Canadians renting the condo next door in Myrtle beach. Your statement is false.
A Canadian renting the house next door doesn't make what I said false. #FactsMatter
sure it does, you said Canadians don't want to come here. It only takes one canadian to visit to debunk it.
I didn't say Canadians don't want to come here, Canadians said they don't want to come here.
i couldn't care less if they do or dont, all I know is I see and talk to many Canadian tourist here at the beach
Well now. Guess taxpayers don't have to pay for your wall.
Good to hear. @realDonaldTrump walls, not bridges, please.
nobody wants to come here anymore, we can thank you for that
Nah... "Nobody wants to come here illegally anymore." #MakingAmericaGreat @djsteveporter @realDonaldTrump
no, take a trip out of the country and do an interview. Trump is hated and reflects on this country
oh look another lie
Number of Mexicans choosing to go to US started its decline under Obama.
Thanks Obama, numbers are way down for Mexico border crossings. 45 thinks he did it. #MediocreWhiteManMAGA #BarackObama2020
Hey Peña Nieto rebuild Mexico and mexicans will love your country. Exterminate the cocaine & marijuana cartels. Do it now
u r a failing President. Worst @POTUS of modern era. Not #MAGA. Ur the squirrel in this pic. American people = the #hawk.
Good!! No need to spend all the taxpayers $ (MEXICO ISNT PAYING) on your racist monument wall.
still need the wall snowflake
We are praying for you @realDonaldTrump #PrayForTrump #GodBlessAmerica
your numbers are all way down.
.@realDonaldTrump Uh oh, Donald, now we're worried.
They will be back after you're impeached because America will be great again @bessbell @realDonaldTrump
"Number are way down" …just like your ratings!
why did you request for several billion $ in taxpayer money for the wall if Mexico's gonna pay for it? Another lie?

.@realDonaldTrump tourists don't want to even come to this country because of you! Not something to be proud of !!!
hahaha word 
Still trolling a President that is not yours from Germany. Wow. Do u plan on trolling Le Pen if she wins?
. I'm sure he will. He thinks there is nothing wrong with Germany it's perfect.
at least german politicians know that they have to make compromises (even inside their party) to work
Little do u know, Trump has extended his welcome 2 the Democrats. They r refusing 2 play nice
They refused to leave 20 mil people w/o healthcare. Ugh, how bad they are. 
NO ONE WANTS TO BE ANYWHERE NEAR U - NOT EVEN UR WIFE @realDonaldTrump
NO ONE WANTS TO BE BY YOUR SIDE NOT EVEN YOUR DAUGHTER! WONDER WHY? HEELISH ENTITY BWAHAHAHA BWAHAHAHA
Here are the figures on estimated unauthorized immigration from Mexico. Fact #1 - they've been declining since 2007.
Fake!  They opened the door & quit tracking when Obama took office. Obama fudged every number he ever reported
Oh right, because Obama was working for the Pew Research Center 
Obama is working for Islamazation of America. No one can possibly track how many people Obama let in
You don't even have a reason to believe this crap apart from the fact that you want to 
You really need to find a non-liberal college & take classes in current affairs
Haha that's the thing though... there are NO visible trends that support your claim
Where do you live?  In my area (DC) everything is owned & run by Muslims, that's very visible
We have the illegals who WANT to incite main stream America by using intimidation and gang-like mentality in illegally entering regardless of/in disrespect for, our LAWS; raises OUR tax costs, needed for MORE, security. When we disrespect our #POTUS we invite our own disrespect.
why the wall won't work. The big drug cartels are smarter than you. They bring massive amounts of drugs in via, shipping vessels, underwater torpedoes, Canada cause the largest demand for drugs is here in the US. Get to the root cause by spending money to patrol these areas.
We the people will overrule YOU. America is not a reality show where you're the star.....It feels more like a horror story and we wake up each day with the same lies, same ugliness. We will not succumb to your lies and evilness.
Smarter than Trump-are the drug cartels. Guess you haven't read up on the DEA and how the most prolific drugs. cocaine enter the US...Via self-propelled semi-submersibles (SPSSs) - low-profile vessels made out of marine-grade plywood [and] fibreglass with commercial engines.
Your money laundering will be exposed, Impeach a federal offense and to to jail. in a money laundering scandal run by Russian criminals with ties to the Kremlin, the Guardian can reveal.
This must be why you want to send troops to the border
I’m trying to figure out how to get out, bro! You are exhausting!
Remember our country was founded on immigrants NOT your vile, hatred cabinet. You live by cheating, lying, placing blame and hiding.  There's a reason you won't show your taxes and it's not because of your audit but because of tax fraud.
Ummmm....illegal border crossings are at a low during the past 46 years, with the lowest point reached in the year 2011 (Say it with me...Thanks Obama!)

I don't know, but it seems to me that someone in your administration would have told you that.
@wendyvoss @@theNuzzy WRONG  #CrookedKillary fbi investigates &ran 4prez APPARENTLY laws don't apply 2 #ClintonCrimeFamily
He's crook. Better start reading about his money laundering, tax fraud, alignment with Deutsche Bank and Russia, the phony hotel in Azberjian, and all his dealing with Russia, Putin. come on man check it out, including cheating to win...with Cambridge Analytica.,
Why your wall won't work.-From the time of the first emperor of China, the Great Wall was a project with the support of the entire nation. Yet, despite the huge investments, labor and management, the wall failed to protect the country on several different occasions. Too stupid
How are you going to stop the tunnels. Big cartels aren't stupid. The cartels are always looking for a guaranteed way to cross narcotics into the US, and a sophisticated tunnel can allow them to cross large-scale loads.  more than 10 tonnes of marijuana by tunnel vs by crossing
So tell me why do we need the wall? The numbers r at an all time low since 1970.  Ann Coulter is telling u we need it! Dayum Donnie use the money for something else!
You are to Anti American and clueless it's nauseating.
Don't forget the Greeks, Italians, Irish, suffered when they came to the US and some of those with only a  3rd and 4th grade intelligence built our country. We are not Hitler who only wanted white Supremists to rule....go to Russia where you can lick the boots of PUTIN.
"Many aren't even trying to come in". I feel like the irony of that is lost on you.
12 of your border control officers beat to death, an undocumented person. Country paying Big Hush money and
@PressSec Which was true before trump took office. Do you idiots read anything? Your ignorance is showing....Keystone Cops

So let's waste $18,000,000,000 on a wall?
great, great ! Is that ur total vocabulary? Such a follower you are. Sad. Little man
That's because they weren't coming in that way, you orange buffoon.
I wonder why...  You are a joke.
everyone's going to want to get OUT.
https://twitter.com/TruthinGov2016/status/847075320322822144 …
So therefore something is already working and you should wisely spend taxpayers $ on our infrastructure instead of a wall.
Secretary Kelly. Not General.
Nah, they looked at the economic forecast mid term under Failing DJT.  Not worth the trip.
they'll just fly in....
is it a surprise people aren't flocking to the USA just at the moment?
pretty sure that all started during @POTUS44's tenure.
Think again
great news, we won't need to waste tax $ on the ugly wall.
hahahahahahahaha good one!!!
In fact, tourists don't want to come here anymore. Thanks for nothing. I'm exhausted from all your "winning".
"...so never mind that wall some people were talking about"
We have a choice: are we going to get rid of this clown, or are we just going to be bricks in his wall?
you being President is a bigger deterrent than any wall. No one wants to come here or stay here anymore. Please quit
They were doing that before you came along, dummy!
@BobbyDygytal It's about time out Government actually did something about illegal immigration.
Great...just don't let us down on everything you promised the American & middle class people.
Because they hate the worse President #45 in American history.
You know who else should be kicked out of America you
@PressSec Many stopped trying during the Obama years when net migration reached ZERO.
just those you hire to Pick your grapes  and. Probably not. Pay them
No shit! "Make America a Steamy Shit Hole Again" and nobody will want to go there. Bravo!
@PressSec Thank God! But, watch those left of center next to you!
For evil thrives in those who
Lie!
How can you prove that anyone who doesn't want to come to the border is doing so because of you?
you should do a little research before tweeting you know nothing what so ever!
Ask your voters for wall money please
THERE ON THEIR WAY TO CANADA!NO 1 WANTS TO  COME HERE BECAUSE YOUR RUINING U.S..You've not done 1 good thing! YOUR NOT PBO!
Good job!  You made America the place no one wants to go to! Maybe we can beat Somalia next!!!!
thank you
Yes, thank him for selling your browsing history without your permission. #derp
Hows your little wall coming along Donny Baby ??
How's your voter fraud investigation coming along?
They have been down since 2009.
. I dont think its the ones sneaking in that are bringing the dope.They become DEALERS.Stop THE BIG WIGS THAT HV THE MONEY
People don't want to go to failing countries
Um...yeah. Thanks OBAMA!!
The numbers have been down for the past few years. We've had more Mexicans leaving than entering, making The Wall...a JOKE!
At least SOMEONE in your three ring circus of an administration is doing something. You're too busy playing golf to succeed
No. The brightest and best brains in science, engineering, the arts and= technology are going somewhere more successful. Not #brexit UK.
That is why no wall is needed...
That wasn't your doing pal. Numbers have been going down since 2007. Do a little bit of homework before you claim things as your own doing.
Is this your way of weaseling away from the wall, or do you really think that your administration has accomplished this?
If you build a wall the next administration will tear it down. Repubs have lost their chance. Give it 4 years. we speak
Who would "want" to be here with our current president. Many of us born here are frustrated by our current leadership.
and why would they want to?
@PressSec BUILD THAT WALL...IT'S NEEDED STILL
Pronto!
@PressSec With the direction this country is going I don't blame them 4 not wanting to be here. #TrumpRussia #impeachTrump
because, thanks to you, USA is the most unattractive country to come to now. #ImpeachTrump

I'm not surprised. Soon you'll have to put on guards to stop people leaving.....
they weren't coming in to begin with + a wall will only WASTE MONEY STOP WASTING OUR TAXES GOING TO MAR A LAGO + GOLFING
.@realdonaldtrump With you as @POTUS,America is less appealing as a destination for more people than just those who want to enter illegally.
well that don't want to come to country where a tiny hand, man child is pretending to be a president

lies
Fake news
Please don't forget about H1b visas taking away American jobs.  Please drastically cut back the abuse in H1b.  
It's b/c they realize, as bad as their country may be, it is bat sh!t crazy in US. I don't think many look longingly at US
I wouldn't try to come to a country run by an admitted serial sex criminal either.
@POTUS BILLIONS of $$ wasted on a ludicrous wall,while cities like Cairo,IL,Detroit or St Louis,MI need so much help.WASTE!
ya bc america sux
Probably because you are making this country such a laughingstock, ya big fat baboon. #resign #youareincompetent #badhair
Ya, your detaining  us Canadians, born and raised in Canada, with Canadian passports.....
That has been happening for years, where have YOU been?  Stop taking credit for things you didn't do.
.@realDonaldTrump Don't you love the trolls? They actually think they are intelligent. 
Brother "put on the full armor of GOD "Arm yourself with HIS Word & prayer". Stand firm; HE is with U! We are praying 4 you
you just contradicted yourself no wall is needed
@jeffsessions @DonaldJTrumpJr
Sanctuary city EO - all politicians supporting liable privately to suing by victims from day1
your approval numbers are way down, too - or are the polls fake again now?
because of you the Mexican economy is doing better who wants to come to deal with your BS economy?
Also tourism has declined 40 percent.  No one wants to come to Trump country.
So I guess that means we no longer need a wall?
Stop hiring illegals & there will be fewer yet. Fine or jail CEOs will get results.
while many Americans r looking 4 a way out
Awesome. Great job. This needed done a long time ago!!!
Net immigration has been down since the last republican president crashed the economy.
question ? How are illegal children getting into schools? That's  a health risk. I had to have, updated shot records.
I'm willing to give up our taxes for the safety of our country. My husband gave 25 yrs to OUR GREAT COUNTRY Build THAT WALL
That's been going on for EIGHT TO TEN YEARS!!!! #noticemuch?
euch, you make me feel physically sick you evil man
Are these the same numbers you've been using for all your other polls Donald? Fake News!
gonna swim up the Potomac and bite you in the ass
All due respect @POTUS Sir theyre now FLYING IN through airports in record numbers! How about stepping up security THERE as well, js.
especially elected officials
Stop lying.
another success!
@PressSec ty Mr president.
No one is going to "come in" with you as President. 
why not help to come over leagally ,
fax  chex: on the decline during O's term anyway. dummie...if you could READ you'd know this but prob LIE anyway
and we have STRONG proof of this. We just aren't sharing it with you because SECURITY.
because U know what people are thinking. U have no #'S to back this up, just more hot air and bullshit!
that's been happening for long time already
