Joshua 1:9
Have I not commanded you? Be strong and courageous. Do not be frightened, and do not be dismayed, for the [1/2]
Lord your God is with you wherever you go.” [2/2]
is that the creepy feeling I get over my shoulder?  Thanks for explaining!
at least now you admit that it is a ban.
Guess he did win the popular vote
Are you sure this is not fake news?
me and everyone I know, SUPPORTS the travel ban, anyone who doesn't, is a brainwashed anti American
Have you listened to the Trumpcast? Incredible show. The best.
must be more fake news
Trump is most unpopular president so far.#Sad
You're doing a very bad job and your agenda is very unpopular. Posting a graphic changes nothing.
what, not fake news? Ah, understand, it's in your favor. Must be truth.
.@realdonaldtrump
I thought all polls were fake, Mr. President?
ACTUAL FAKE NEWS
fake news. Sad!
Oh, shut up!
the Constitution matters, not popularity. Learn some freaking civics.
let me guess from faux news
Totalling 101%? #alternativefacts
Stay positive Don, we support you
just curious - all polls that say what u want them to say r legit & all polls that don't r fake? Spoken like a true despot
fake news
Donald Trump is making an enemies list.
And STILL illegal and thrown out of court.... in other words, not implemented
1 yr and NOTHING....NOTHING...then you stoop to name calling. NOTHING, zero NaDa, zip, zilch
Poor little snowflake
I'm not poor, remember i am a Republican and I'm not little either... and calling me a snowflake REALLY SHOWS your ignorance.
Poor, poor, really little snowflake.
#fakenews
you're a phony.
all polls today are wrong. My guess? You have even more support, Mr. President. Don't trust polls!
wowza!
people have spo
what does that even mean??
Mr. President, I would suggest an order diverting all  refuges to Seattle WA, & let them deal w/them.
Negative, ghost rider.
.@realDonaldTrump look, we can all take screenshots of polls
In fact
it's pretty easy
gee, Chris, what % of the American people use twitter? Iwonder if they polled twitter users? Where do you get your news you trust?

Now THAT is the definition of fake news.
Stand with our president @realDonaldTrump #PrayForTrump #GodBlessAmerica
wow you really buried the lede! Article was about how your approval ratings are in the toilet. Sad!
I don't know where you got this, but it is clearly based upon biased intel, because the definition of popular means the
majority of people are for it, this is clearly not the case in the USA or anywhere in the world.
.@realDonaldTrump You really believe these polls are accurate?
hahahahahahha
And yet you are the least popular president in modern history. Funny.
President Bannon looks tired. You should stop overworking him. #TheResistance
54% disapproval rating. Ouch. Is this poll fake news, or is the poll that says the #MuslimBan fake news? #TheResistance
It's nice that President Bannon lets you sit in on his very important work of ruining...sorry...running the country.
Uggggghhhh...hurry up with the impeachment so we can start in on impeaching President Pence. #TheResistance

get off twitter and go do some work.
Please stop your hurting so many people and hurting yourself
Popularity doesn't not make it legal or right
Why do you want to ban immigration all together? You really are the worst president in history!
Quit making up numbers. LoL
where'd you get these stats brah
According to what source?
Any word on the current levels of disapproval overall, about how most Americans disapprove of your performance?
55% approve and that's your most popular one??  Says a lot about the rest of your orders.
I support you all the way !!!
That was an unscientific poll, and has no validity.
i have not seen ONE supporter of this ban and i live in a city with a population of over 4 million people.
good this country has to many illegal ,we don't need bombs up our ass good 4 president Trump
the new nazi poll gets only 55 % sad
thought it wasnt a" ban" pres?
clearly y'all went to a @BetseyDeVos type school cause y'all have no idea how to add.
#fakenews
A ban should be placed on all people entering our country that are not citizens until the vetting system is established.
why would national security be so "controversial" to media?.
the only one who was not legal. big words for nothing. in usa , they call that L word
@POTUS Oy!!
you wrote it wrong you need a constitutionalist like myself and then you would have known it was against the Constitution
@POTUS fake polls remember Donald!
Uh huh...only for the ignorant non popular voters you appeal to. Also known as not the brightest bulbs.
These losers believe their posts will make a difference. Nobody cares what they say. You'll still be President. Let em cry!
this has been reported fake last week.. Sorry!  Lmao
Fake news again Don
@POTUS Lie!
Don't buy Trump, boycott all Trump businesses. Trumps a fraud and a liar!!!
'Immigration Ban Is One Of Trump's Most Popular Orders So Far' ...
@POTUS Trending doesn't make the order perfect or supported. Pick up a pen and fix your mistakes #CCBCPols101
should give extra consideration to families here in US, more than 10 years, and no other violations.
@POTUS  this adds up to 101%.... this is fake news and please learn addition.
Too bad you didn't bother to get a lawyer to make sure it was legal.
Absolutely false!  It is unconstitutional and a national disgrace
Is this a fake poll??
what happened to polls being fake news buddy
didn't you tell us polls were fake news?
u dragging courts in so u can blame them if terrorist attacks occur on our soil - u covering ur butt huh?
uh, that doesn't add up to 100%. So you can't read or do maths. Did you attend a DeVos school?
with all the resistance make it a year and add more that's what's wanted.
I thought it wasn't a ban.
I think this is fake news ???
ppl from other countries around the world where there r billions of ppl. so 10,000 is nothing Trump. probably racist ppl
What if America built our own Panama Canal from California to Texas and charged$$$ for Ocean freight? Wall?
Clown fairytales.
This add up to 101%.... So wrong!
@POTUS it takes a min 2yrs if not yrs to be properly vetted to get in our country. bad ppl will get in illegally or use bad
NOT to people who "thought' they were looking for a land of freedom. Freedom was erased by Columbus.TRUMP a-Criminal alien.
I want names of the people who did this damn survey because i think they are all named @realDonaldTrump
101% wooooooow you lay it on thick you #shitgibbon
oops, this poll & chart have been debunked.
45 says who? U
@Lagartija_Nix They will seek to always fight you as any criminal would want to fight against the law. Do right & we will
statistics can be altered to show anything..  just the facts please
like grading the best pile of . It's still 
.@realDonaldTrump is that a @BetsyDeVos @usedgov example of a new education initiative from her? @morningmika @Morning_Joe
Every Russian I know thinks your governing abilities are superb.
Obviously this is fake news........
Fake news
Awww did you do this all by yourself? That's cute.
fake polls
No more anchor babies. This was not the intent of Our Constitution.
aint nothing popular about you....66mil to 63..
thanks duff
Productive immigrants yes. Middle East Muslims NO.
Guess you weren't at the airports.
this "poll" doesn't even add up to 100%. If you're going to lie, at least use a better graph.
On what planet?
made by Kellyanne Conartist
The ban plus Devos & Sessions have been very successful at driving GOP voters to the #resist movement.  So many GOPs now!
Hire more @ICEgov,  the rest will fall in place
@POTUS so DRUMPH,when are you deporting your imigrant wife? How much did it cost to buy her from her pimp?
@Eyes_of_justice yes it is!!
America is mentally at War so Ban is natural
Its called rounding. Instead of saying 32.5 % they say 33%  instead of 54.5 the say 55% . . 《1 2 3 4 down - 5 6 7 8 9 up》
If it's unconstitional, it doesn't matter how fucking popular it is, so who gives a shit?
@POTUS this is a lie.
you are not being fair
it adds to 101%
Illegal, immoral and irresponsible the way you attempted to bypass the process.  Did we learn any lessons?
"The greater the lie, the greater the chance that it will be believed." - Adolf Hitler
Got my vote.
fake poll
I think this whole chart is full of #AlternativeFacts #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachmentParty #WhatAJoke #DumpTrump #Embarassment
according to who?!
@POTUS not an accurate poll. no 1 from us in poll& it came again from a group of think tank ppl who do not know our vetting
Never ever give up/five in!!!!!
Everyone like good news
Hallelujah
wtf?????  that's 101%
fakenews
Trump is right.
how many people voted? I doubt it's a random selection
Not a valid poll. These polls are easily manipulated by software programs. Research it.
keep up the good work
Are you running the country or hosting a fucking game show?? What the actual fuck is going on? Who is this guy?
will you please just serve the people and stop worrying about the polls, the news, your ego.  please?
This is so fake, do the math, 55+38+8=101.  Your immigration ban is unconstitutional and you should be ashamed.
You're delusional
38+55+8= 101%. from what i learned a percent shouldnt be over 100, mhm
You know this adds up to 101% right, Mr. Wizard?
would have worked if there would have been time for people to be prepared for it.
@POTUS @sfos @Damocles_Fr  yes we do !
lol next time you make up statistics maybe double check your math first.
Yet you werent against immigration when it helped you get a wife!
French Patriots are With u Dear M. Président and agrée With yr décision
 #FrontNational
That's 101%
Fake poll! Fake news!!!!
The middle class man and woman from mid America and southern States consider this one of the main issues.
Really? Each & every single person? As middle clas, I disagree with that claim & know it's not true.
FAKE NEWS!!!
Not sure why you are seemingly obsessed with ratings and popularity...
at last, someone who respects legal immigrants!
"I wonder if they realize I'm only polling kkk members for my muslim ban approval ratings?"
poll taken in Louisiana
I thought you said all the polls were fake.
Funny, because some people did NOT vote on this poll
