Sir, you can't blame the Dems or the GOP. Trouble this big takes about 8 months to brew. Own your piece of i!
IMAGINE what President Trump would have accomplished by now with cooperative Senate & House Republicans, and an HONEST impartial press!
you know what is easy?  resigning.  a simple etching of your name on a piece of paper and done!!!  America is saved!!!!
It's super easy. I have attached a template. Donny, you could even steal this. Everyone knows you are good at that.
Fake Debt Ceiling
Like Fiscal Repugs did for Obama then let you play golf to the tune of #120,000,000.00........so Shut your 5 x Draft dodger PIE HOLE!
We been begging 4a govt shutdown for years! Sick of beun blackmailed by congress & Senate! SHUT IT DOWN PLEASE!
& how exactly, are the ppl. who live off Social Security, suppose to make it?
Would that affect ppl on http://s.security  under trump do you think? Somehow i think he would make sure it didnt.
So u say u going to shut down government if u don't get ur way? So u rather punish everyone for ur own agenda and not the us people. STUPID
Your narcissism doesn't allow you to accept responsibility for anything. 74,000,000 people voted AGAINST you, you're not wanted RESIGN.
Get rid of Ryan and McConnell!!!!!!
.Dems have held nothing up. This is your ball, your team, your field. If you want money for a wall, call Mexico. Or pay for it yourself.

Please stop blaming others for your incompetence. Great leaders inspire instead of criticize.  #notmypresident
Muscle flexing by the Dems. If the Awan brothers start singing the Dems will roll over quickly. Let's get them singing.
guess you need another rally to feel successful since you're failing as a president. #antiGOP
These two politicians have been at this so long they have forgotten what to do. Time for replacements.
When my credit card is maxed out I'll ask my bank to raise my debt ceiling. maybe they'll lend me money at interest to make next payment!

Whiny little 
Haven't you been watching that box set of School House Rock! I sent you? #sad


It's never your fault, huh?
Shut up already about Dems...it is your own party who won't vote for a debt ceiling raise.  Read a newspaper or study your party vote.
Trump wants the wall so bad why doesn't he pay for it himself instead of making us pay for it. Must not be the billionaire he claims to be.
PSA-
Could someone send a Civics teacher to the WH ASAP to begin tutoring sessions with this fool?
He doesn't think he has anything to learn. Thinks he's already the smartest guy in the room.  #zerohumility
The debt ceiling argument is fake news the 14th Amendment pays the Debt and essential funding
Non essential nope Then we can get things done
That's for Dam sure, tell Ryan get with President Trump Agenda! Or go the Hell Home! NOW!
@realDonaldTrump most folks, well at least those with more than half of a functioning brain would know when to quit.
Let's us know how we can help drain the swamp and turn the tide of left leaning haters
Mr. President,  pls. Get rid of affirmative action!
YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU ARE DOING OR SAYING. #TrumpResign #Mentalhealth #Screening
Never #fakepresident's fault ALWAYS someone else's fault. How realistic is that? #yuge #dbag
You bankrupt CASINOS! You're that bad at financial situations! BACK OFF YOU LEAVING SOON ANYWAY
Guess what delusion don, your base is dwindling as people watch you tell lie after lie.  You have no credibility #ResignTrump
Delusional! Stupid! Embarrassment! Please. Please. Resign!!!!

You are correct Mr President, #maga #robertsrooms @seanhannity @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews @JudgeJeanine @jessebwatters #buildthewall

OMG.  Sprayed soda out my nose...
   Sorry.    But there could be worse things coming out of it. 


Thanks to People like @TheJuanWilliams & @ShepNewsTeam Being PAID BIG$$$-BUCKS by the #CorruptCriminalSorosHillaryObamaCrimeRing to OBSTRUCT
Man isn't president Trump just the best !
So. Much. Whining.

Your party has WH, house, senate and SCOTUS. You can't blame anything on Dems. Get your head out of your a** and own it!!!
Couldn't bully it thru one way, so trying another. It's so hard when your party is the majority.
Those two are swamp creatures. It's tough to be fighting in the swamp but Americans have your back POTUS!
They are complicators, liars. We won't forget.
Let's focus on Russia - Trump and his son guilty of collusion.. #Trump #trumpjr #russia #sad #nopardons
So you're saying #Obama's the sun & Trump's a moon eclipsing the mighty sun momentarily? NICE! @Cie2011 @funder @TeaPainUSA @KevinDarryl
U want our dollars to pay for a wall that u preached during ur campaign that the Mexican gvmt will pay for!!!  Liar
Nobody pay for it, then we'll avoid building a useless eyesore and an environmental disaster!
I agree, I only said that because you know damn well he wouldn't waste his own money on a wall either, even he's not that crazy & dumb! lol
Word.
Just shut "our" so called "Gov" down, assemble the Army, kill everyone and well appoint you King! 
Everything gets done the intelligent way
MAGA or Death! 
You are worst deal maker ever! No wonder so many bankruptcies. U hv GOP house/senate & can't get anything done. U cldnt manage a Taco Bell

Very true Mr President. You're very correct.
America could have voted in Clinton, now we have to deal with you. Could have been so easy-now a mess!
You do not understand how our government actually works. You are a petulant child that gets angry whenever you encounter an obstacle.
@realDonaldTrump how can the dens be holding it up when you own the house and the senate. Sounds like you're the one fucking up...again.
They should have added your impeachment to the bill, then it would have passed
Everything is so easy for you. However, you accomplish and know nothing! Shame on you Pathological Liar. Get your Mental Health checked!
They know what's better for this country than you. You don't even understand how our government works. #TrumpResign
Yeah, since you're the authority on "easy". How's that wall coming, champ? Or your travel ban? Healthcare?

Yeah, that's what I thought.
Because they keep wetting their pants
trump math - claimed 19,000 people at his Phoenix rally in a 10,000 seat capacity coliseum that was 1/3 full.

How is this useful?
I agree- none of the nonsense Trump spews is useful. In fact, he's the most useless SOB on earth. Good point!
How I miss the days when civil discourse was the centerpiece on the American table.
So do I. And I also miss the days when we had a sane, adult president who wasn't tearing the country apart with his divisive rhetoric
Mitch McConnell, Lindsay Graham, Jeff Flake, and John McCain are ESTABLISHMENT republicans. Why didn't they tie this to the VA bill???
Playing politics is not cool. Whatever happened to doing the right thing?
@GartrellLinda This will be their DOOM!! No more Pelosi and Reed ! VOTE THEM OUT!! Sick of these hurdles!
The will not get elected next time ,I will never VOTE DUMACRAP again!!!!!

How Long is the Moderate Left Going to Remain Silent on #Antifa. In their Silence, they are using #Antifa to their benefit. #Berkeleyprotest 
Need to get rid of 60 VOTE RULE!!!!
Pretend your LBJ . It's not like they couldn't change it BACK
Stop embezzling our money traitor.
You're a hot f*cking mess...!
Trump properties stop charging secrete service for staying, eating and renting golf carts for protecting Trump!
The Dems are not the problem. ems want a govt that works for the people, not the billionaires.Y ou're the problem.#TrumpisUnfit #trumpMustGo
Now you know how President Obama felt!
Like you
SWEETS YOUR LIBERTARIAN FREEDOM CAUCUS ARE NOT, I REPEAT NOT DEMOCRATS. & 4 obama ur scum repubublicans who blocked DC
The left is a mess! Clear their hateful heads and get clarity
You are the most hated "president" in the History of the United States.  THAT is your legacy.  Count on it. #Resist
Ummmm, Dems usually don't hold that up, you must be thinking of YOUR party!
Good Lord, you have noooo idea how Congress works, do you?? #STFUDonny #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump
You're a mess.
Hmmm, now you know what President Obama faced every day with the Teapublicans.
You have to ask democratic to be turned down by them or obstructed! Grow up your the President!!!
Why do we even need to raise the debt ceiling when you're such a great biz man and suppose to lower our debt?
Mitch and Paul need to be replaced.
@realDonaldTrump in almost 9 months you haven't accomplished a fucking thing except play a lot of golf.
You made the mess! Make the White House great again,  throw out the trash #DumpTrump
Well Trump you created the mess in the first place.
Well they have more important things to do it's very obvious
Because they're corrupt to the core, Mr. President! We will help get rid of the bums....They're long overdue for a break #DrainTheSwamp
Dear Lord. How can you forget that the Republicans did the same to a real president? Obama beats you hands down #resist
Your whole administration a mess...
Who knew it was so hard right?
Mmmm..@ http://kiliedutravel.com 
Sir, you really have the media talking, so you are doing lots right!!

RT if you agree... even if just a little bit. #TrumpUSA #MAGA 
It's not tone of the speeches Mr. President, it's the content, just sayin.
Dude, you need to learn to thread your tweets! Ugh!
Stop the useless wall! Stop bombing other countries! We want you impeached!
Republicans run both houses of Congress, Don. We also don't elect kings. That's the wonder of the Constitution you've never read. #Resign
Eclipse..so, you are the darkness that blocks out the light of hope for our country. Definitely get it. Prince of Darkness.
There, fixed it.
YOU HAVE COMPLETE CONTROL OF GOVERNMENT...  STOP BLAMING DEMS & OWN UR FLACID PRESIDENCY. EXPOSING CLOWN CAR GOP SINGLEHANDED
We pay u not to be pc! Don't give in
Just in case you're not realizing this yet....you are the mess!
It's been a mess from U & will continue to be one until U resign or are impeached
Get em President Trump! Obama nearly got his dream of destroying this country but I have all faith you and the Reps will fix this.
Dump, tie your impeachment to the debt ceiling approval ! Loser
Your ignorance of governing  continues to be breathtaking #FoolOnTheHill
