They got nothing else to bitch about Mr. President but We love you out here in RiversideCounty California with our fearless leader West W!
Because you said you'd release them. Stop lying. Obama was president but you still pushed to see his birth certificate, and he produced it.
Only wacko #leftist care!
I'd offer to show them after Al Sharpton & several other prominent dems actually PAY their taxes. That should end this nonsense quickly.
Trump tax returns only after getting all libturd/dem leaders' tax returns-Obama financials & records unsealed-Hillary emails & all financial
The dumb is strong in these two. Obama and Hillary both released their returns. And what the fuck does Al Sharpton have to do with it?

Yes, it's absolutely fine with me. Everyone should be required to carry health insurance, just like car insurance.

If you produce them, we won’t keep asking for them. Oh, and by the way, tomorrow is the day...
Next time tell them to show BHO's college transcripts.
Yes, because what the former president got in Freshman chemistry is critical to the safety of our nation  You're a gem, Anne. Never change.
"an almost an impossible" stop asking those bots to write your tweets !
And yes, as long as you don't provide those, we will be on your back about it. It's like a gangrene, it will carry on grinding until you get rid of it.
If Obama did not have to provide a (non-forged) birth certificate, Trump does not have to provide his tax returns.
Ummm. You aren't the first Republican to do that. But that was a disaster too. And really, 3 million people voted for her over you.
And, once again, you are exaggerating!  It was never "almost impossible". You obviously believe that everything you do is better! (Laughing)
They will always be brought up until you #showusyourtaxes !!!
Was it u hounding Obama about transparency? He showed u everything u asked 4 but u won't even show who visits OUR WHITEHOUSE? Fat,old Conman
Until you release them we will not go away. You are a  loser and a fool

Yes! Your potential conflicts of interest must be disclosed..you must answer to the People of the US!!!
U didn't. Putie took care of it for u
Omg. You are so ignorant. U didn't easily win the EC. Others before you won by wider margins. You are deluded. Get help. #theelectionisover
Give credit where credit is due: Russia, Wikileaks and Comey
Oath keepers think that you are a liberal mole? P.S popular vote,just saying.
Yes, we think youre a traitor and will until you release your tax returns. This won't go away
More people voted against you than for you, you promised to release them and you promised to bring the country together - You lied. #resist.
So what give em up.....
No you didnt you cheated!
You couldn't win the popular vote, so you had Russia fix the electoral vote.  Your presidency is illegitimate.
No visitor logs & no tax papers? What are you hiding, Mr President?
Russia won electoral college for you - you LIED again said you would release them - what are you hiding?
If people want to use their time at a rally for "whatever", who cares.  Ignore it.
Yes. What are you hiding. Liar.
They have been up the entire time Don, you have simply had you head stuck in a sand trap.  You said you would release them.
You did NOT win the popular vote! Show us your tax returns! You probably didn't pay taxes for years!  #dumptrump
Will you PLEASE declare Antifa a domestic terrorist organization? Berkeley police stood down. We will have to police these thugs ourselves.
Antifa weren't the terrorists.
You keep bringing up Hillary, so why can't we keep bringing up your tax returns?
Yes they are. We want to see them
#DesperateDems failed #Russia propaganda now TRY a different route #fools
Well if you can keep bringing up the electoral college so yes we can bring up your tax returns.  Didn't you say you would release them?Liar
What are you hiding?
I wouldn't call your margin of victory "easy". Sufficient, yes,. Easy...not so much.
Whiny McWhinerson!  Cough 'em up and we'll leave you alone...maybe.
You don't see the same idiots calling for Hillary to release her emails or Russian connections
Yes please show them and the story will go away unless u have something to hide sit
Yep. Because we know you're financially in bed with some...bad hombres.
It's almost as if you're full of shit and people know it... well, not all. Just the majority of people. Around 3 million more than voted 4 u
The only party who's ever won with the EC and not the popular vote is republicans. Lol. It's actually rigged to give republicans a win.
Misspelled "barely" as "easily."
You cheated the system to get elected, we all know it!
Crazy world. Especially the liberal world.
They were never not brought up. You can't bomb away your tax returns. Also, r u tweeting from church?
Happy Easter to you too you thin skinned donut. You are a sad shell of a man and I pity you. I really do.
the election is over. Congrats. You said you'd show us your tax returns. That's all. You said you would and now you won't.
When has trump said anything that is true?  Everything that comes out of his mouth is a lie.
U promised to release your tax returns I voted for you and want to see them! There r lots of us, WE are part of the protests #whydidivote4u
Probably right :(
You only "won" the EC due to hacked voting machines in swing states & you lost the popular vote by 3 million. Also winners show their taxes
Deplorable really have no minds of their own.  It's very clear to see that!
Because you never released them and have done everything you can to hide them, that's why
How often do you go to church trump - you hypocrite



Your #TaxReturns issue will never go away until you stop hiding them (& then it'll be yuuge! ). P.S. you're a pasty sack of rancid  cum.
You only got 71 more AND you lost popular vote. I WANT TO SEE YOUR TAX RETURNS! Act your age and not your shoe size.
That's the only thing you've won so far that's why you keep talking about it!!!  Release your taxes!!
Look, if you jailed all the tax dodgers Globally, there would not be enough prisons globally, why is Donald Trump the scapegoat for all the worlds problem, I do not give a dam, blaming Trump for it all there problems is rubbish, let's have  a Trump free day, he is a good egg.
Russia helped elect an idiot with a fake University win the Elect. College but lost the popular vote. Remember that while taking Thorazine.
Aren't you a man of your word?  You promised to release them; it's time to do so.
We, the citizens of the USA, need to know from whom you receive & to whom you donate money. We are concerned re: your conflicts of interest
@realDonaldTrump
Trollin' trollin'  TROLLERS!  @realDonaldTrump 
Because you are not releasing them despite promising to do so. Conclusion: You've got something to hide.
4 of our last 6 presidents have been republicans so I am not sure what you are talking about.
Just release them! Clearly the "president" has something to hide!
They are diverting. And, by the way, if that's all they have to whine about, frankly, that says it all! #trumpvoteofconfidence #MAGA
No. He said he would do it. No diversion. Aren't you curious about with whom your president is in bed? This is critical to security.
Deal with it and release returns as you promised
Tax dodging is a way of life for the rich, I envy there wealth and lifestyle, but Trump employs a lot of people, like it or Lump it he can create wealth for America, Millitant Union Leaders do not create jobs' they destroy them, he has travelling this world for America, well done
Job creation down under trump. Get ur facts straight and check it out
That is all the Left has and there ain't no more.
Obama released his birth certificate. Now it's your turn to release your tax returns. Man up. You can do It! Really!
How's Tom Brady?
The fact that we want you to release your tax returns has never gone away. NEVER. What are you hiding? And you did not easily win the EC.
Yyyyeeeppp. You said you'd release them, you said you'd make good on your promises. DO IT!!!
Wow
You Won??
and what do those two things have to do with each other? you dig up birth certificates so why can't we ask for tax returns
If you want people to stop asking for them, release them! You are a national disgrace! Audit is NO EXCUSE! What are you hiding???
Yes, and hopefully the left stands firm in no new tax reform until you comply. You work for US, THE PEOPLE.
Show your taxes liar!
Who? Who's bringing up tax returns? Please say "Mueller"! Please!
Yes, I want to see your tax returns, like all the other presidents before you.
You lost the popular vote, won by illegal gerrymandering.  And yes, ties to Russia and your taxes will be brought up again & again & again.
Go Back To School!
THEY NEVER STOPPED BEING BROUGHT UP
Majority of Americans DO want to see your tax returns!!
Don't show them your taxes. Please give them something to bitch about the next 4 years.
Maybe showing them will quiet the masses OR not. You are going down, making a mockery of the USA, people are not stupid.
Uh yeah, we want to know what you have to do with the Russians. If you're a good guy then don't hide.
what are you afraid of revealing.  This should be no big thing.
An*
Delusional Donnie.  Alternative facts. Fire Bannon
The two things (EC win and tax returns) are not related. Withholding them makes people wonder what you are hiding.
I believe in you and trust your intentions, Mr President. G-d bless you and your family.
Grow up
We the people only care about what you do with our taxes, the libs wish they had something on you. 
We Do.
Learning about your $950,000,000 tax write off was enough.
WE don't give an eff @ electoral college victory, we want you to #ShowUsYourTaxes! Plain and simple. #TrumpLies #TrumpTaxes
yes again till you get it thru that  pea brain of yours Show  your tax returns. Perhaps ask Putin to do it for you
Yes again with the ppl wanting things. It's a lot more complicated than you thought, huh?
They are gonna grab at any thing just another diversion
... one thing has zero to do with the other, DA!
One got you elected... once done "we the people" want transparency (don't abuse)
Lies
No. 54. Do you think Donald Trump should publicly release his tax returns, or not?
Total Yes 68%    
R 40%, D 93%
you promised to. You've made lots of promises you haven't kept. So just "easily" release your taxes!!!
You bragged about not paying taxes. Said only dumb people pay taxes. Why should we pay if our president evades? Release your taxes!
Appeals court rules that Donald Trump's golf course still owes more than $400,000 to paint store
Your tax returns are the dem's version of obama's birth cert.
don't forget: you will get to hear this until you leave office ...
keep um guessing Mr President!!!
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=http://money.cnn.com/2017/04/17/news/donald-trump-tax-returns/index.html&ved=0ahUKEwj40YDisNXVAhVLh1QKHeKCA6YQFghlMAY&usg=AFQjCNGp5fulA_3ryHK-Nh1ZxwcdVEj50A …
Here is n idea to quell the ask for your taxes,release them an the issue goes away.Or give a valid reason to the American people why u can't
You haven't given proof that there is an audit. You said you'd release them after the audit. What do you expect? Fake news?
How do u prove there is an audit? Didn't his lawyers say there was? Personally I think tax returns should be private, & people should MYOB
End the talk, share your tax returns.
Popular vote only in California where the majority votes are from illegal immigrants.
You did the impossible, duped a lot of people who thought you were a good business man. Greatest con in American history
Watch your back! Many in RNC are NOT behind U except to stab u in the back!!
Oh and who won the popular vote?  Not you.
You serious bro?
Doomed corrupt Federal election shall cost America greatly. SAD.

MAKE ANAGRAMS GREAT AGAIN
Almost impossible yet still needed Russian influence to pull it off.  You promised your tax returns time and time again...lying Drumpf.
Ill show mine ..... 
you will never make some happy but keep doing what your doing. If you did give them tax returns it would be something else
I'd only trust fox and there they are attack
"Most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency" - were you looking in the mirror when you said that?
1. You lost popular vote. 2. Not releasing your tax returns means you have something to hide. Release them to try and prove me wrong.
You LOST the popular vote by 3 million, and won the electoral college by the smallest margin in DECADES. #LOSER #LIAR #FOOL
WITH PUTIN'S HELP ?
HACKING,
UNDERGROUND PROPAGANDA,
ALTERNATE FACTS,
MONEY LAUNDERING,
FALSE PROMISES,
EVIL INTENTIONS ¿?¿
Maybe you shouldn't have made the campaign promise to show them after your audit....
Screw the tax returns. The Dems are such sorry losers they rather just get blown up worrying about tax returns. Dumb demos
Yelp!!!! So if you are that tired SHOW THEM!!!!!!!!
Are you fucking serious? You said you would release your tax returns! We don't forget. Where is your wife's press conference with her visas?
Just another excuse...
With you giving Ivanka special privileges with China, and hiding your sign in records to the White House, you can't be trusted, Show them.
It helps when a foreign government intervenes - btw you promised to release taxes, one more lie I guess? What illegal $ are you hiding?
We the people  ( your employer) demand to see them.
No worries -- nobody cares about the tax return nonsense except liberals who are being played like violins by corporate media & globalists
The problem is when you dont disclose your country is suspicious! You cant win either way!! As a business you must be tax efficient but ....
The only thing you winning the election showed was how many put party over country.
Yes. We will bring up your taxes constantly until you release them.
Are you kidding?  Surely your know that any "Tax Reform" will be blocked, unless American citizens know your financial "involvements"!
Yeah so publish the tax returns, easily instead of making it an impossible thing
I do not want to see them!  But I bet Mueller does!!!!  #ImpeachTrump
because you need as has every president the last 40 years. Your involvement with Russia will come out and you'll have to
@POTUS The sad thing is you actually believe it easily won, now about your tax returns, how long till this audit ends Donny.it won't go away
SU r d protest candidate? I say U don't have to release your taxes Isn't that what d protest candidate does? d OPPOSITE of d establishment
I'd still like to see your tax returns, absolutely. Transparency is important.
MOST people voted for Hillary :) Ha!
you stole the election using Russian help, stop lying to yourself it's the first fix you can make.
Russia, Taxes, Personal Business Gains in Taxpayer $$.....a lot of questions, the American people deserve answers.
You didn't win shit. You had Putin & GOP steal it for you. Your not the lagitimate POTUS!
What makes you so special that you refuse to release your taxes? Every other POTUS for the last 40 years has...
What are you hiding, Donald?
A person that has nothing to hide - hides nothing... #TrumpTaxReturns
You mean- what GW did in 2004?

"If I decide to run for office, I'll produce my tax returns, absolutely." 

- Donald Trump, lying about his taxes in 2014

…
Can you create a tax specifically for democrats who insist on wasting everyone's time?
What do you mean again you thought that was over YOU ARE A CHEAT AND A LIAR
It's always a good day for you to release your tax returns
It's a way of life for the rich Globally, why is all the hatred pointed at Trump, there are thousands of tax dodgers in every!! class of people Globally, he employs a lot of people and gets things done, That wall is being built, it's full of holes, a disgrace, well done trump.
The truth alway remains the truth and your lies and lack of conscience will never change. Your supporters are too #retarded to notice
Tax returns won't go away. One way or another, the ppl will see them. Who are you in bed with? Put-in? Peeing prostitutes?
Just give it up you have nothing to hide
Another promise you failed to keep.  SAD!!
