President Trump's speech at the UN was the best speech I have ever heard a sitting US President make in my lifetime
Thaux hs
@charliekirk11 me too
do you keep my list mark skin inside your waller after your kissing my bodies when i was age young
mom did you see my list of mark skin
Please look at Senate Rule XIX.  Known as 2 speech rule.  Avoid any filibuster, no cloture vote. Pass anything on simple majority.  SOLUTION
Use this existing senate rule. McConnell is aware of it but is playing ignorant on you.  Let the uninformed public know.  Expose Senate!!!!!
Charlie looks twelve so that makes 2 presidents - do the math moron you ran on business acumen
I’m so proud of you & your family @realDonaldTrump for never allowing the disrespectful people on here to slow your Plans and Goals for us!! NO ONE could ever do what you are doing! You are the SuperMan President of ALL time!!
I want to met you again for runnier far
LMAO!
I've lived from President Eisenhower down to this last schmuck and believe me there's many many many gave better speeches and told the truth
will u also take me before your courts on my last statment sleepy head
#WorstPresidentEver

You're the most disrespectful man I have ever heard speak in my life. You should feel ashamed. Impeach Trump
Disrespectful? No way. His address to the UN was straight to the point. No fluff talk. Here it is, this is what will happen. . Good job.
He is a child playing at being an adult. He is starting a war that doesn't need to happen. Evil is what he is. Impeach Trump
 is now firing  that can reach North America. I wonder if the billions Obama gave them is at play? You bet it does. What would you do?
Personally I would try to talk treaty with him first before anything else. However I would not take to social media with threats , ....
I would handle it as a leader would I'd an agreement can't be reached then I would take action but I wouldn't show my hand by bragging
It was!
I concur. . No more fluff speeches. Trump 
Apparently it was your first!
Shame on YOU for your hate-filled response.
 lesbian??
more lies proven lies as usual
bullshit
@charliekirk11 Only those with small ignorant minds will think that was a great speech! Like those were HIS words!!!
Yep, for a kindergartner.
Listen ! Clearly this is the mind of a psychopath !  OMG ! FLOOR MEANT MORE THAN A MAN LIFE ! So evil !
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10214386864212144&id=1434129786 …
Who the hell is Charlie Kirk
The words of the us president were highly welcome by Africans. Dictators are the main stumbling blocks to African property.
In the case of Cameroon, the president is the worst dictator in the entire universe. The country is his private property.
Totally agree with #CharlieKirk11. Absolutely greatest ever!
#paidtweet
yes..he is great president for the people of the United state of america
Donald must have taken a page from the KD playbook
Another rambling dotard then! Or are you being facetious? Or are you 3 years old?
@charliekirk11 um no that was pity and laughter ignoramous. Do U have to look that up?
Absolutely 100% agree! 
You must be very young!
HAHAHAHAHA
...Said 3 people
Bwahahahaha
I have never listened to a UN speech before!  Your speech was powerful and proud to have you as our President.
You must be 3 then.
You see she hides 'cause she's scare |‸◟)
But I don't care_(:3」∠)_ 
I won't be spared( íｰì )
Your continual name calling 'Rocket man' just shows what a dotard you are #sad
He must have only seen just the one then.
Then you need to watch the news more often
Fake News
Same here. 
"Many People" disagree.
Who the hell is Charlie Kirk? A Russian bot?
Making America Great Again
I did noticed that the audience did resist rising and chanting Seig Heil.
I gues you were just born yesterday!
WORST SPEECH I EVER HEARD!

I guess you haven't been listening.
Mr President, I'm very disappointed u resorted 2 name calling in ur UN speech-NOT presidential & VERY foolish- B better than that
Amazing mr president!!!
Well it enjoy it while you can, because no amount of ass lickin is going to prevent yours from getting nuked.
You don't hear much do you?  His speech was disgusting like HE is.
LOL maybe Charlie was drunk!?!?
How old is Charlie? 6 months?


Salute u Sir...
wel come
Hahahaha.  It was a lead balloon.
Considering Charlie Kirk is only 23 yrs. old, yeah, maybe the only speech to UN he has heard.
You must be less than 8 months old. Bye Don.
This is a fact.  I 2nd the motion. Trump puts Obama 2 shame in the speaking department. Obama cannot think on his feet. Very embarrassing.
Rolling on the floor laughing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@charliekirk11 You don't get out much, do you?  It was a speech given by a bully, who knows nothing about civility.
@charliekirk11 surely you speak in jest
@charliekirk11 must’ve just gotten a hearing aid
fake news bot.
How old are you? I'm surprised you can type.
I wonder if was your elementary level vocab or your embarassing use of Rocket Man that made it so amazing??
Must have had his hearing aid turned off.
you must be 3 years old then
@charliekirk11  is walking, talking and tweeting at 8 months of age. Impressive little toddler.
Bullshit!
Agreed
Bby he aint yo real friend he sayin lies
That guy must be 6 months old. Kids learn twitter so fast
and how long have you been on medication for stupidity? @charliekirk11
The owner operators and independent drivers in the trucking industry need your help!
Do you stand behind small business owners? The owner operators and independents need your help!
This just in, Charlie Kirk was born the day before that speech was given.
SUPERMAN is AWESOME!! Although Underdog might b a more fitting name right now! Hes soo amazing & 2 smart 2 fool easily.US so lucky he leads!
ADMIRABLE AND JUST.
#DemocratVoterFraud #TN #AZ #CA #NC #FL #PA #WI  #IA #Oh #MI #VA #NY #TX #SC #DC #GA #AL #NV #Detroit #Houston #Lo #NHGOP. Agree!!!!!
Obviously he doesn't hear many speeches. If any. You tell them how big your crowd was? SAD. #pence4Prez #MAGA
You must be suffering from some kind of infirmity. Hope you feel better soon.
Agree! Sir u made us proud !!
How sad Trump is... and embarrassing!  Go NFL-another victory over narrow-mindedness.
OMG
Good.  You enlist and enlist all your family and friends and head for the DMZ right now.
#fuckingdelusional
How much does the U.N. costs other than the building lease. What do the leaders do with all the money but funnel it to themselves
The speech was terrible
I agree completely
Blow your own horn Donald.
You are only one of the most tweeted about because you are deranged.
Charlie Kirk needs some history lessons.
Really???
Bullying and belittling doesn't make a good speech, neither does calling for peace in one sentence then calling for war in the next.
Bologney!! That wasn't the best speech ever!! Get the bullshit out of your ears people..
Wow!
Do you make this BS up or what?
Why dont you post all the negative comments?
We both know there are many more of those...
Fake news
Sad

It was an AMAZING speech; proud to finally have a STRONG leader again! God bless you Mr. President! Keep America safe! you!

Guess Charlie is excited for N Korea to bomb us in response to trumps stupid speeches. WE ARE ASHAMED.
One of the worst speeches I've heard.
Must not have ever heard any other presidents read a speech.  Horrible when reading from a teleprompter and even worse without one.
mustve been the only one youve ever heard
Really?
What are you 5? Bush had a better speech then our loser president

I totally agree! Amazing speech
I agree about that speech. It was very moving and powerful.
First one you ever heard then Charlie?
Sir, You must find time or have your people sit down with First Nations and address their grievances. Mr Obama & The UN failed them..
#NeverForget To please also honor The Legacy of  The Navajo Code Talkers
http://www.nmai.si.edu/education/codetalkers/html/ …
somebody gets the brown noser award...
100% agree #MAGA 
Plot twist; Charlie Kirk was deaf up till a few months ago.
How old are you? How much do you ? Do really know about politics? How much do you know about the UN and what it's really there for?
@charliekirk11  a few lines were wonderful!  Ya know the part about being for the peoples ... the rest, put it in the toilet!
No. It was the ranting of a rabid imperialist full of self-love.
That's cause you jealous of him..old timer!!
Godness, no it wasn't. It was horrifying, and Trump has got the answer from North Korea! STOP THIS WAR GAMES; mr 45
Truly awesome! Thank you, sir...
He must have been dreaming and thought he was listening to Obama, a real President.
He must have been sleeping and tho
But was it really tho? No disrespect but he’s a complete asshole that doesn’t mind threatening someone who starves his own people ...
Who is Charlie Kirk?  Why is this the first speech he has ever heard because that would be the only way it's the best.
So proud of our President!
Worst public speaker. Worst president
 HELL NO... that was America's death sentence!
Agree 100%
He was listening to something else!!!
Great speech At the  un   I was so proud
@Jossimygsws  Dermis :V
Jajaja
Really, you are a moron too then
#yourfired
Hilarious! You are an embarrassment to the United States. Your speech was the worst yet.
Agree!
Donald J Trump is a dope and a stooge for Russia.  All you MAGA fans should get an education.  The emperor has no clothes.  And no hair.
Worst one I ever heard.
@charliekirk11 seems like a psychopath.
Thank you very much for UN speech . You are the first president that fight with North Korea !
Sweetie Presidents have been fighting with North Korea here going back to the late 80's..
Wrong!
It's amazing that a 7 month old can type. Color me impressed!
The speech coming  straight from heart. not from career politicians mouth. Even bitter the truth is the truth.
Agreed!!! Trump is one of the greatest Presidents America has ever seen!!!
It was complete nonsense,he needs speech lessons from a true President, Obama 
He is the fake news
Xoxo
POTUS & FLOTUS
Yup!!!
President Trump is awesome in his UN speech! He makes American to be proud unlike the previous one!
