PM Netanyahu: @POTUS will be warmly welcomed here as a great friend of Israel and as the leader of our greatest ally, the United States.
PM Netanyahu: The President is seeking to examine ways of renewing the peace process with the Palestinians.
I share in this desire as do the citizens of Israel. We want peace. We are also educating our children for peace.
PM: I heard PA President Abbas who praises terrorists and pays them according to the severity of the murders they committed against Israelis
PM: I heard PA President Abbas say that the Palestinians are also educating their children for peace. I regret that this is simply not true.
Pres Obama visit 8 countries in first 100 days.U didnt visit any.He SIGNED 3 pieces of significant legislation.U signed 0.He won Nobel Award
LOL. How's that Infowars doing for u
What's wrong bro? U mad a black man did more than ur reality TV star? U mad Donny Fondles can't even pass a law?
Still waiting to find out why ur mad a black man did better than ur reality TV star.
Do you think Obama boosting military handouts to Israel to record level was good deal for US taxpayers? End foreign military aid.
Why do you spell so badly?
Cause he is just another  unhappy person
Please keep Trump in Israel. We don't want him back.
Speak for yourself cretin. Over half of US citizens love him. Carry your ass if he's not your President #MAGA #MYPRESIDENT
Actually, most of the US doesn't like him.   Remember,  he lost the popular vote.  #impeachtrump #trumpisatraitor #trumprussia
Another FAKE account.  #impeachtrump #trumpisinsane #trumpisatraitor #trumprussia
Uneducated then.   #impeachtrump #trumpisinsane #trumpisatraitor #trumprussia
Democrats have officially became the Islamic party of America. They own the dead that lay the streets of Europe and America.
Wonderful news
After 8 years, it's nice to have an American president who ISN'T working toward the destruction of Israel--our true friend & ally
I'm in favor of tougher sanctions against Russia. I was talking about Israel.
Remember when they Trump and his administration were Antisemitic?  and the  have never been closer allies!
Amen, Nate!!!
Let me be the first to apologize on behalf of all Americans.
Would you like me to send a mass apology out to the world or just do it individually?
If the apology is for your own stupidity, do it anyway, anytime and quickly.
You know what would be fun... a guess on how many names he gets wrong, insults made, & fake history comments...who is the stupid one? 
RT @IsraeliPM: PM Benjamin Netanyahu at  weekly Cabinet meeting: In two weeks, Israel will host @POTUS Trump on his firs...
We #Deplorables stand by our @POTUS in efforts to DO GOOD. The #Resist mov't is based on fear which only has a place w evil. Dear Israel,u
Fear of losing our civil rights and living under a dictatorship .. yes
Can discuss how to further oppress and sideline the populations they "govern"
Tell me why you need to cover your face.
What has my face got to do with Israel or the US?
@realDonaldTrump finally he ask you for a date... Ohhhh...
Goodluck with that. You are shaming the Jewish religion by "hosting" him my family is Jewish and he is antisemitic. Don't let him fool you!!
Great maybe he can open a hotel there and hire immigrant Palestinian workers!
Maybe you can get a job as a janitor if he does
Took long enough. I'm guessing he was researching golf venues and/or if he could stay at trump properties only. Gotta get those kickbacks
At least he owns properties....and you?
Why yes I do. Thanks for asking. I also didn't get my start with a trust fund. And you?
No trust fund, worked hard, believe in God and country and MY PRESIDENT!  (drop mic here)
Congrats. Your beliefs are misplaced though and your GOD is allegedly everything Trump isn't so... ??
PS your condescension probably isn't a value your God would look kindly upon is it?
As I presumed. A fraud.
Prayers for presidents safe and successful trip to Israel.
Prayers for the plane to go down,.. See how that works both ways
Prayers going up for you.
You may wanna reconfirm your invite with @IsraeliPM you innate buffoon
America welcomes Benji; Shalom!
make sure you sanitize for Russian cockroaches after he leaves..
Isaiah 54:17
No weapon formed against you shall prosper, And every tongue which rises against you [1/3]
You're having the meeting where Trump wanted to hold a titty contest, right?
So disrespectful...is that how your parents taught you to be???
Yes, and a load of hookers.
Russian & Nigerian hookers. So it's all cool.
It's called #Kleptocracy
Then explain how your beloved Hillary became a millionaire on government paycheck?  She stole from you and your dumb enough to support her!
You can't use "your" instead of "you're" and call someone else dumb. ;)
When was the last time you said #NeverAgain? Have you forgotten. You cozy up to the darkness that is Trump and betray your own people
The holocaust in school was Written by ZIONISTS and it's Zio, Brainwashing, Propaganda. Just like that picture. #ZiosFAKEjews
Hope they keep him.
Father God, I pray for you to place a hedge of protection around this meeting. Give YOUR wisdom to both PM and @POTUS for YOUR will be done.
Now don't you need to tag God in this teeet? How can he read it?
Bibi knows you're an imbecile from whom he can plunder more foreign aid.  Bibi only takes from the USA  and is laughing behind your back.
Take good care of him, ok?
I understand for diplomatic reasons you would host the carrot. What I SMH @ is that Netanyahu embraces this bigot. He hates jews, only uses.
You've been listening to too much fake news! His daughter is Jewish. Get your facts straight.
Back to your stump Jr
The entire stump thing is so last month. Come up with a new one Please
Says the person still retweeting Hillary gifs and civil war nonsense
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS :OH LORD SPITE THESE HEATHENS DOWN WITH A JAWBONE OF AN ASS JUST LIKE YOUR SERVANT SAMPSON DID TO THOSE..
President Trump is Sampson. Smiting democrats and Palestinians alike.
Pray for @realDonaldTrump #AmericaFirst
President Trump loves America, not Iran!
If you like him, you can keep him.
Even if they don't like him, they can still keep him!!!
Nah, he's got a job to do here.
What play golf and sign empty and retractable executive orders, destroy health, the environment and give himself a tax cut?
Don't you dare speak about healthcare! Obama is the author of that disgraceful obamacare! It carries his muslim, name!
Your cognitive bias is showing.
There is right and wrong. I am for right! I hate EVIL!
Then you must seriously loathe yourself.








@realDonaldTrump @POTUS :GONNA OPEN UP GOLF COURSES THERE TOO HUH?
Quit bring so jealous!
So amazing that Trump will visit Israel first!!! Makes me so happy!
Maybe it's the only country that would accept him.
And maybe it is the most important place to start...with the strongest ally we have. Trump is brilliant...
45 can barely string coherent sentences together if he's not reading from a script.
Even then it's quite tough for him....
A billionaire in name only. He's up to his hair in debt. Russian debt.
One thing for certain President Trump respects Israel!Finally America is back partnering with our friend Israel!
Remember not to come back
I heard Benny gave you the finger & is continuing to build settlements. Dontcha just feel like a #SCHMUCK Donny?
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS ooooo that should be fun!! Canna wait for the laughs to start!  
Don't come back
I wouldn't welcome or look forward to this. DT has stated he doesn't stand by anything. Anyone could be added to that unless or his kids.
Most of us here in the US love the peaceful state of Israel and for peaceful co existence of the Middle East. Peaceful education is a must!!
Cool!  You can both hate-watch a replay ofPresident Obama's Profile In Courage speech together
You think they'll bet on who gets impeached first?
#SallyYatesIsAPatriot
Please move Embassy to Jerusalem!!!
Keep him would you please, you can have the traitor. He loves the Jews, just ask Bannon or Stephen Miller! #Illegitimate45 #Resign #Traitor
Yeah, I really would like you to be President outside the United States.
Please keep #DonTheCon, Israel.  Then you'd be a true friend to the US!
With a quick stop in Russia for a good boy Donokov? Freaking morons.
He was at our American Cabinet meeting?
Ironic, as the Trump administration are very far-right.
Please keep him, we do not want him back.
But what about the Mara-NONO? What about the winter palace?
If you haveto put in trumps pockets,then you are his buddy4life. If he can learn dictatorship from you you will be his buddy4life as well
Our loss is Israel's gain. Maybe @POTUS will extend his visit to learn about Israel's and Palestine's relationship.
Good morning,Mr.PRESIDENT,N.1,The Best USA.Congratulations and Wishes,for YOU and  Premier NETANYAHU.
Have a nice journey.
Yours Sincerelly.

We need to rid these rodents from lobbying for a foreign country here in the great USofA. #FuckAIPAC #DrainTheFuckingSwampAlready
Keep him, please!
Good, please keep him there.
Did you hear the one, A Rabbi a Pope and an Arab walk into a bar with POTUS?
Honestly who cares? You can keep him!!
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Perhaps POTUS will find a golf course there that he loves and will never return home. One can dream.
Aww trump needs to go to Israel t play golf huh?
Thank you for all you are doing.
Two crooks, two war-criminals despised by all people who are in favor of  justice and world peace. You gentleman, are a disgrace.
Please keep him.  He is all yours.
Now we'll build that wall!
God bless Israeli and Donald Trump
You can keep him! #donthecon #pathogicalliar #uglierthanacanofworms

Yay please stay gone
And last. We're all hoping.
Bibi would sell out to the Nazis for money
Dear President Trump- Please show Israel that you care for them- They have suffered greatly bcs of the PA-The US should make PA end terror
I love how you tag people so THE WORLD KNOWS WE FUCKING HATE YOU
#TRUMPRUSSIA
Keep him. We don't want him back.
YAAAASSSSS
Please keep him
#SallyYatesIsAPatriot
#SallyYatesIsAPatriot
#SallyYatesIsAPatriot
#SallyYatesIsAPatriot
#SallyYatesIsAPatriot
#TrumpIsNot
have a nice trip. stay as long as it takes to get peace in the middle east. take pence with you.
WONDERFUL
Hopefully he's granted a one-way ticket. #resist #IMPEACHTRUMP #Trump #Trumprussia
Resist the liberal idiots!
I hope they have a golf course.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS  Without Justice, there can Never be any Peace! Stop supporting Trump!
at this point @POTUS O visited nine, when will u visit west of Mississippi?
That doesn't surprise me at all. Good luck on your performance review Mr president.
God help Israel. You can keep him.
Good luck. Both countries are very important. All need peace
Build the Wall!
Keep Trump from coming back.
Can u explain why Global means for Islam to take over
if trump had any balls he'd tell that Zionist war monger to kiss his ass!
So happy for President Trump and Benjamin Netanyahu! They will be great friends!
How embarrassing
God bless this trip!
Hopefully we can build the rump wall while he is out of the country.
Oy.
Vey.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS  Please keep him
@DonaldJTrumpJr @POTUS so awesome. Maybe our best international friends!
Wow, Trump away from his resorts. They must have a great golf course there.
هل تعلم ان سبب كرهنا لكم هو حمايتكم لدويلة الصهاينة وغطرستكم ضد الشعوب العربية ..الله ينتقم منكم
Be safe!! That's a dangerous place too go.
Please keep him.
Keep him
Remember that the ISRAELIS NEED TO PLAY BALL. THEY NEED TO BEND OVER. NOT THE PALESTINIANS.
Who will be by your side to explain things to U because u know you don't read or speak like an intelligent knowledgeable President. SAD
That little, skinny muslim, stutters,because he has to remember, what lie he said last!
Keep him.
Please offer the Israelis our condolences
Luckily he will never meet with 'enemies of Israel' like this nasty German guy
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS The wicked Left Liberals are stinking up the USA!
Go to Russia where you belong, then.
I hope someone takes care of America's illegitimate POTUS issue while you are traveling abroad  :-)
NOTHING NEW; PRESBYTERIAN POTUS STARTING EARLY PANDERING TO RATHOLE ISRAEL; IF THIS ISNT BIAS WHAT IS?
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Cant wait see this meet!!!  PM Benjamin Netanyahu  and President Donald Trump!!! Live stream maybe? :)
Idea: US/Israel consider voluntary military non-conflict support staff positions, recruit in the Bible belt.
Make a deal with the Palestine leader and bring peace to Middle East for good.
Keep him please.   #LockHimUp #whinylittlebitch #TrumpIsABigot #NotWorthTheRisk
FAKENEWS
GOD bless YOU BOTH!!!..IF GOD BE YOU..WHO CAN BE AGAINST YOU. 
Ask about Israeli health insurance... And what we are buying them
And show us your tax returns
No one cares about his tax returns @DRHurlbutt.  He won without them. Look at his financial disclosures.  You'll understand them better
On a business deal Trip I see.. And on American   Taxpayers money …. #impeachtrump #TheResistance
won't talk about his many conflicts of interest, Don't worry—Here R the receipts #impeachTrumpnow
Jerusalem is the capital of Israel, I trust you are going there POTUS?
Good luck with that!
Release your tax returns.
But tell them we want our $20 billion back that Obama gave them in 'aid'. Aid to a first-world country?
STAY OUT
Mr President.
Keep up the great work sir
Bringing peace to the Middle East will be your biggest DEAL ever
History will always remember you
Haaa
Bibi should read up on A Jackson before we meet. Want to discuss Jackson's role in the Civil War & how I'm just like him. Tough but caring!
Are the pet family Jews going too so @realDonaldTrump can show how much he loves Jews & isn't antisemitic at all even tho his cronies are?
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS GOD HELP US!!
Some of the American People made a grave mistake, not just once but twice.  I'm thankful those days are behind us both.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS  How much $$$$you taking him now Obama did and he was nasty to him. Plez hotel opt.
If he's still the president
It's nice to have a President who cares about Israel.
Trump has psychological problems.
Still waiting on the affordable the healthcare for all Americans that you promised. Sally Yates is testifying today too!!
Can we ask if they'll keep you?
is it safe?
God bless Israel. God bless our president. God bless America for being in covenant w GOD. Praise the LORD
This is the reason OBAMA hates Potus: The only one who can bring peace to the Middle East & will stop enabling Palestinian Terrorists.

 Border Wall Design 
   Watch and Share 
         
https://youtu.be/3o0pi2nUGP4  
He is not coming He will make up an excuse He is afraid to sleep anywhere except one of his own houses
Progress!
DON'T COME BACK !!!!
God bless Israel  and God bless America 
You can keep him......
If we're lucky they will parachute you out of the Sahara desert.
Be careful Chief
No worries.  He has had a lot of practice in taking trips over the past few months.   Ready the golf course!
Could you just keep @POTUS in Israel? We don't want him back.
You can keep him. Really! We won't miss him

Any foreign government proudly hosting 45 should be ashamed
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Can we have our $38B since you didn't hold up your end of the bargain on the Iran Deal?
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Try not to be an ass. The US doesn't need to be embarrassed by you again.
Netanyahu is a crook just like fake potus trump
Hallelujah, hallelujah hallelujah! The respect you deserve @IsraeliPM! May Israel & US forever find fellowship in His name
