Thanks to POTUS for caring enough to give ONE MILLION DOLLARS for Hurricane Harvey victims. Did Clinton or Obama donate $1,000,000? #MAGA
Amen!!
Will you send your son to war, Mr. President,???
I just care that we serve him because we respect him. Have u served ur country? Oh, obama said he was sending his girls to war, right? What a dumb question. 
SO thankful that I woke up & voted for you! Yes, I too was blind, but no more!  I didn't know. Most people don't. Now I am wide awake & so excited for the future!  Looking forward to #Glorious2018! Thank you for taking on this enormous task! Praying for you! #Grateful #MAGA
Meet M.S.45 and crew.

You didn't name the cop who was killed by the floods. Hypocrate
Í don't know l think Trump  é  o terceiro Hitler
Do they have a capitalist leader  in Portugal or Brazil? 
Loyalty means nothing to @realDonaldTrump. Ask #MichaelCohen. Well, you know. You found out today. Best of luck, sir. You did well.
Mr. President, our cops/military and their families knows who has their backs. Envy and evil from others is in their heart. You have proven what you have done for us all. We will prevail. Thank you.
@TomBossert  
D.Trump did not keep 1 single promise! He became Mix of Reagan-Obama-Bush (& Deep State is In charge of USA)
THANK YOU to all of the incredible HEROES in Texas. America is with you! #TexasStrong https://twitter.com/i/moments/903314408394199041 …...
TRUMP IS A MORON
We are with Texas but not with a pussy grabbing pathological liar who happens to be in the WH.
By cutting their money to build a wall? By not talking to or helping victims? You're a disgusting joke. We are with Texas. You don't care
You did not even meet with one person affected by #Harvey2017. The only thing you did was brag about crow size. #LoserTrump
Thanks @POTUS For your great job to #MAGA 
HARVEY is a disaster
3 Years, 4 Months, 19 Days, 20 Hours, 53 Minutes, and 24 Seconds
Yo! Your lawyers are busy trying to prove you not guilty of obstruction of justice! Any news on Rob Goldstone? Great work Gen Kelly, btw!
Did you meet any impacted citizens? Visit any shelters? Hand out more Play-Doh?
2 days late Donnie!!! How long & how many people pressured u 2 send this tweet??? #FakePresident #ImpeachTrump #Impeach45 #TheResistance
Did you even visit any of the people affected by #Harvey2017 in Texas? #Fraud #Resist
Not fooling anyone with your sound bites!!  Impeachment is coming ! Walls closing in Donnie!
Dear Mr President I urge you to pls ban this dangerous game #BlueWhalegame that is taking the life of our precious kids.

Maybe he could have! Shame he chose to line his own pockets and destroy America instead.
Texas is laughing at your weak speech. You may as well have worn the same heels as Melania since you weren't really helping.
Wrong! We love @POTUS You do know he won here by a landslide right?
Believe it or not, some counties and districts are blue. It might not happen soon but the rest of Texas is getting wiser. I didn't vote DJT.
Nope. Texas is and will be always be red. Trump is your @POTUS for 8 years  bye 
I guess you haven't seen his approval ratings if you think he'll be around for 8 years.
Guess you believed the polls that said crooked Hillary was up by 11 points! @POTUS is loved. But keep your false hope though. Entertain me
Also, false hope is all you have if you are waiting for Trump to do ANYTHING constructive.
Look Snowflakes. You're delusional for still not getting over your your embarrasing loss. We won you lost. Texas loves Trump! Get over it!
Ass.
Trump/GOP want to take $1B from FEMA disaster account, make victims and heroes of Harvey, other disasters pay for their stupid border wall.
The Donald has been too busy to meet with Harvey victims. Was bragging about crowd size, before heading to MO to work on tax cuts for 1%.
45 used Harvey as cover to pardon criminal Sherrif & push military ban on trans community. While heroes saved lives, he displayed cowardice.
When you rant about TV ratings and involved leaders getting famous during a time of such tragedy, shouldn't even get to discuss heroism.
10 days before Harvey hit, Trump rescinded Obama regulations that were one of our best flood risk management tools.
Trump, Pence, GOP (many didn't want to fund Sandy relief), the White House can all act like they care, but actions speak louder than words.
You're right actions do speak louder than words and Trump's actions involving Harvey victims have been phenomenal. Dare I say perfect?
You need to reevaluate your position and see this for what it really is... Stand back and let Trump show you how a real president leads.
WE ARE NOT WITH U
yes we are
We are WITH Heroes, First Responders, Texans & brave leaders. We are NOT with a narcissistic compulsive liar. #RESIST
Our presidents been doing a great job, everything msm says about him is a lie, and he's going to help Texas recover quickly! MAGA
YES!! It's all lies! And Mexico's gonna pay for that wall, Russia had ZERO interference in our election & Trump's doing great. Really John?
He also created over a million jobs and gave a million of his own money to the hurricane relief fund
We are with Texas. But the question is are you with America?
Ending DACA? 
It is such an unbelievable cruelty to deport those who were brought here as children.
The only reason anyone could support and cheer such cruelty is if they were a virulent racist. 

There IS NO other justification.
These children are Americans. This is the only country they ever known. 
By deporting them you're throwing their lives away. 
It's sick.
Absolutely love how u libs get triggered by 45 tweets.#MAGA train is just reving up against 2018.at this rate 2020 is guaranteed for 45.
Yellow Soup ...will you march with us in DC January 27th? #MAGAMarchforJustice .@Maga4Justice
Count me in  #MAGA
#MAGA
Only a WEEK late but what else should we have expected from such a WEAK excuse for a 'president'. #ImpeachTrump


Today is Sean Spicer's actual last day at the White House. He never got back to us on just a few things... 
Thank you, President Trump and the First Lady for you 1million donation to Texas  !!! MAGA
Promises are just words.
If and when he donates, I'll thank him.
He is not a man of his word but I am sure we see things differently.
America agrees with Texas! 
#TexasStrong    #Harvey
thank you General Kelly, for taking over this account.
@MSNBC keeps saying Obama did so much more for disaster victims. Really?! Did he donate $1,000,000 of his own money to help?! No! #FakeNews
don't talk about Texas, we don't like you
He donates his monthly paycheck. Don’t you admire a man that cares for our cops and servicemembers. Morale is high and we have more money in our pockets.
All I know is our military & cops r being respected. The families, we, r being respected. Our soldiers r getting better gear & care.The news says one thing, life says another. Sorry if ur miserable under our Prez. Our kids r protecting our freedoms, we need 2 take care of them.
And thank you @POTUS for your undying commitment to serving for the betterment of the American People!#MAGA
He's resigning?
Nope you got him for a little more than 7 more years!

#ReTweet if you Stand
With Donald Trump 

We Stand With You 

…

To everyone in Texas
affected by #Harvey:
Stay strong 

…

#PrayForTexas

#HurricaneHarvey 
#Harvey2017 #Texas…

Anyone who is caught
looting and burglarizing
property in Texas should
be prosecuted to the full…

 RETWEET IF YOU LOVE
AMERICA!      

#ReTweet & Share if You
Will Always Stand for our
National Anthem  

Remember ? @FedEx #HERO
who stopped liberal terrorists
from burning OUR flag!  

…

Kind words can go a long way!

Share with every police officer
you know around the world 

…
Yes, America IS with you, sorry about the guy in the Whitehouse....he's a little busy self-congratulating in the mirror
The fortunate thing is he is your president and you are benefiting from him and improving from him

I don't mind opinions I disagree with based in reality
Do you want to deal in facts get with the disastrous last year's presidency and look at the fact that already this country is better off.
You are aware we are still riding the final wave from Obama presidency until a new budget is approved and enacted in October?
Trump's actions now will also reflect in his budget that will then continue to increase consumer confidence
Yes we're with Texas. But not with you. #TexasStrong #ImpeachTrumpNow
You certainly didn't show your thanks two days ago.
Kaboom!!!
Your whole DACA announcement was clearly to distract from manafort news.

LOL | guess who's in the office?
People say I troll T rump as I don't address  what he says. That's not trolling. Trolling adds nothing to the conversation.
Rather I use this as an opportunity to share important info.  But I'm only one person. We all need to be doing this
#ResistReplies: Digital Civil Disobedience and Campaigning - Guidlines for Improving Effectiveness. https://twitter.com/ahamiltonspirit/status/903321923328888833 …
That's a thread on how anyone on of us can starting helping spread an important message. Like this...
Ok this...this needs to go VIRAL. Easily the most accessible way I've seen to explain #TrumpRussia to the Gen. Pop.
Or this
#HurricaneHarveyRelief

 TwitterStorm 

TODAY 8/31 8pm EDT

#undocuhope #United4Texas

Tweetsheet: http://bit.ly/2wKgOTX 
You have no respect. To think that you'd rather spend our tax dollars building a border wall instead of aiding flood victims makes me ill
Aww, there u r again, robot man. U still don’t provide proof of what you spew. 
#TrumpResign #TrumpResign #TrumpResign 
#TrumpResign #TrumpResign #TrumpResign 
#TrumpResign #TrumpResignNoworBeImpeached 
ThankyouThankyou!
GFY
Trump is going down 
#ImpeachTrumpNow
God Bless the USA 
Thanks for noticing 
trump sucks 
trump lies 
trump is FAKENEWS 
#ImpeachTrumpNow
If time permits, I would like to see tweets similar to Houston, TX for the unsung heros in Florida  as well as Puerto Rico.
#FakeNews https://twitter.com/Python0159/status/903724614248955904 …
Sure would be nice if you were. You rolled by @BarackObama flood regulations! Bring em back!
Thank you PRESIDENT TRUMP for everything you have done and are doing for us here in TEXAS!!!
Sir You Are The Greatest President We have Ever Had, Doing an Exceptional Job. The Leninists are so Jealous,they spew hate
Better than Reagan!?!
Amen

Txs.for ur generous help of 7.8
Billions to Texas  n lousiana. 
We will survive as texans r strong.
babulkaji0@gmail.com lb
Look at all the white supremacist forming a circle.
Prez, let's all do the right things for horses and burrows in the west. No round up and killing. Let them be wild. Tell B LAND MGMT NO WAY!
Why didn't you visit Houston, or victims of flooding? What was purpose of your trip?
This is called leading by example  th Brave Heroes police officers look 2 the Lord for his Blessing I encouraged all of his creation 2 do so
Yes we are
Amen
How  to help with expenses (fuel,food) for volunteers rescuing people using their personal funds. My son has been doing it for days?
You will never find  a city like greater Houston. 
We are resilient. Luv ya Mr. President
I love how the pic is of everyone bowing their heads to pray<3
#MURICA #Pray_For_Texas
but you aren't a hero 
Because of your great influence Rebuilding will will only be allowed status quo, that Means NO regulations designed to protect infrastructur

Help those affected by #HurricaneHarvey.

Donate:
http://houstonfoodbank.org  
…
Mr. President, thank YOU for your $1 MILLION donation to the Harvey Hurricane   victims in need. Challenge all millionaires
These are true heroes
#MAGA
U.S.A PRODUCES A HERO EVERY SECOND OF THE DAY. THANK YOU GOD FOR ALL, EVEN FOR HURRICANE HARVEY & FOR LETTING US SHOW U LOVE TO OUR NEIGHBOR
I guess Adam and Ed are friends. What I want to know is who raised you two show respect.. Didn't your parents teach you respect
Buffoon.
Please support this… Retweet
Thank you Sir for being on top of it all, deplorable in florida. Mat God have mercy
You should be ashamed advertising your cheap crap from China while Texans suffer.  You have no shame.

Proud of Texas & our WH support!  Do not let congress stand in the way of relief money! @SenateGOP @NRSC @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan
#WhereIsTheCheck ?  Empty Promise? Liar?? Prove us wrong.
President Trump we the people; millions of us love you and cheerish you! Job well done in Texas; interesting how even Democrats are pleased!
America loves you !
Apart from you #trumpthecockwomble
NO mention of Mayor Turner who heroically ENCOURAGED people to seek help by promising to represent them if your Gestapo (ICE) arrested them?
الكلب
you'll never be on that list
Thank México to Yuo send the HEROES from yuo contry

Thank you!
Yeah, no thanks to you! You are no hero!
Yeah, explain to me how the very fake MSM and LEFT can misconstrue our @POTUS's words to be racist or uncaring?  Thank you @POTUS!!

@VP down there getting his hands dirty about to take your job! #welcomeseptember
You are not christian...TRAITOR
TRUMP!!! 2020!
This #TexansServingTexas is with you 100%
Thank you Mr. President, you are doing us proud!! Stay the course.
Why didn't you visit with flood victims?
at least your finally posting a decent picture. That someone tweeted you I'm sure! Go get your feet and hands dirty chump!
You couldn't be bothered to talk to the victims. You were too busy talking about the great turnout as if it were a rally.
They are heroes, you, sir, are not.
ALL HANDS IN!!!
#MAGA
Please stop the controlled Levy releases! They are destroying us! It's not raining & fear of breach is over. Let the flood waters recede!
Incredible support Thank you Mr President  also your wife a very unified front
Go POTUS.
A picture says a thousand words....
Just not @realDonaldTrump personal money. That won't be with you, or anywhere near you.
Texas is the Chuck Norris of States 
Great job Mr. Vice President!
Remember the Muslims, DACAs and illegal immigrants helping and doing great things to help too.#DACAWorks , #IllegalAliens, #dotherightthing
#CRIMINALPOTUS #FAKEPOTUS #LOOKTHEPIGUP #RESIGN @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
I have a prayer for you. May the relief bills that are passed be CLEAN ONES.
Until your threats of shutting down the government? What an embarrassment you are.
Except you Trump.
What a disconnect with the word "HEROES" after your name. Sad.
This is an Awesome pic......Says a lot without saying a word.
GOD will hear our prayers and help us!
Look at everyone coming together in spite of #RacistTrump tearing them apart. Bet no one is checking immigration status before helping out!
Also God bless you and theFirst Lady Mr. President
But America is not with you.
Elissa not America don't speak for us! We don't need haters to represent America we need to stand together and support our President!
not going to happen, he is not a man of character.
MAGA!
@POTUS @FLOTUS @MikePenceVP
Thank you for supporting those who are in need @realDonaldTrump
I'm sure the media will still treat him bad.. Sad
Anytime he writes anything all I see is negative crap! Even when he does something humanitarian!
Nothing better for them to do.   This country needs a lot of prayer..
GOD BLESS EACH OF YOU.
Have the millions you "raised" for vets during yr debate temper tantrum ever make it to legit vet organization? Funny @votevets hates you...
Bless your hearts
M
#TexasStrong a lot of people forget one of the best Golden rules "Love your neighbor as yourself " or if u don't hv anything nice 
We definitely stand behind those heroes in Texas!
Thank you President Trump &FLOTUS,your pro-active /post active assistance +donation is a godsend to those impacted.
Remember when Hillary ignored hundreds of distress calls from the Benghazi Embassy even days before it was attacked!
@POTUS @FLOTUS You both r 2 busy creating drama flaunting your attire. How about rolling up your sleeves & help rid dirty work
#LOCKHERUP https://twitter.com/jy_liberty/status/903661486131879938 …
Your my Hero 
DON ONE
May our Lord bless  you 
Please  save Muslims  of  Minemar

Never!
Screw your haters Mr President. A lot of us live you
Except you DACA participants.

