Thanks? Please shut up. Soon.
So disrespectful to our president smh
Not our president. Smh
As long as you live in the US making your millions here. Yes, he is your president. Grow up.
No thanks.
Obviously. But you want to call the president childish. Typical liberal hypocrite 
You get me. You really get me.
Yes well liberals are simple people. Doesn't take much. Been nice talking with you 
@POTUS is not anything like Obama. He was the one golfing during Louisiana flood, & never visited. You are confused w/ your Presidents.
Memory issues for you.  Katrina and flooding in Louisiana were during the G. W. Bush years and remember "Way to go Brownie"  comment.
Louisiana, August 2016
Did you lose your home or was it severely damaged?  Did you move out of Louisiana?
#Houston Whee! Giant water park! Hope they let you splash around. Fun, right? Everybody gets so grumpy when a major US city is destroyed.
I wonder what could cause such a surprisingly big event? It's like the climate... changed. Why didn't the science people warn us...wait...er
Worst president ever!

Thank you for acting before the hurricane hit Texas Mr. President. Your love for this country is amazing. Trump 2020
No
That's called climate change. The thing the rest of the world is working on that you deny.
You're an embarrassment to this country 
I DON'T FUCKING GET IT!!


Thanks rain! I've never seen such big rain under Obama. I have the best disasters! Billions and billions and billions of raindrops - all me!
WTF? Thanks for what? Your psychopathy is showing. You're failing at human.
Smh so hard I need to go to the ER. Please think about the actuality of the situation before you post more empty, unintelligent words.
We are all shaking our heads collectively!
You're welcome?
#Trump ,HISTORIC rainfall in #Houston all over #Texas. Floods are unprecedented, and more rain coming.' But don't believe in  #climatechange
I have all the biggest and best hurricanes
We're thinking of you Texas. Love & healing to everyone there & hope u all stay safe & mend soon #FOREVERMANCHESTER
Thanks? They aren't helping each other for you! New flash! This isn't about YOU!
Like the spirit of #DACA Paramedic Jesus Contreras Who Rescued Harvey Victims May Be Deported If Trump Ends #DACA
Yeah, just more indication of climate change, caused by human over consumption of fossil fuels. We must completely change over to renewables
"HISTORIC" " unprecedented".  Why it's almost as if something, say the CLIMATE, is CHANGING!!!  Thanks!
U have the best natural disasters.  EPIC.  never seen before.  the crowds swam through torrential rain 2 see you.  Now wake upasshat
Who are you thanking?
I just want you to know that I STILL THANK YOU SUCK, you orange  putrescent canker sore.
*think. I THINK you suck. I can't find my reading glasses.
Happens to the best of us. DAMN YOU AUTOCORRECT!!!!
Thanks?? FOR WHAT? YOU certainly haven't done shit for those people. I hoping for that impeachment soon.

We don't buckle because we are made of stronger stuff. Not for you, so why are you thanking us?
Haha omg Donald! It's almost like the climate has changed! What a surprise! :)
What is wrong with you?
It's a really long list of "things wrong."  I'm starting volume 2
Still not one tweet expressing sympathy for the death and destruction in TX. Not one tweet telling people how they can help or donate. Sad.
Fuck you.
As u see, there's no global warming. You r a genius.
Global warming does not exist. Man is not on Saturn, Jupiter and Mars, etc. All warming up.
Real shame the hurricane caused a drop in your ratings eh...
@Britt9256 see?
Just curious why you would end this tweet with "Thanks!" Who are you thanking & why? It makes no sense. Shocking.
So sad...@ http://kiliedutravel.com 
Are u thanking them for this natural disaster taking away from the shit storm u dropped us in? #impeach
すごい被害ですね　日本も天候が悪い　農作物が心配です　日本各地にシナ人潜伏「住民が知らない広大な農地　大型の新建物が存在　鎖で閉鎖　夜中に出入り」日本警察政府公安も調査処理せず　日米軍でいっそう願いたい　支那　朝鮮人の資金源は間違いなく日本です。テロメディアで安倍総理でも対処不能
It's almost as if the climate....changed.
wtf @Deshabille_
The REAL issue is RUSSIA TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON-JAIL
Someone posted a screenshot of this tweet on fb, thought it was fake. I should have known better.
Oh God, I saw that on the news but assumed it was fake, thanks for clearing that up. Only criticism of you is fake right?
Trump you are a very disturbed person...you haven't shown an ounce of sympathy or empathy for those who have lost there lives...
Stop doing your photo opp stuff look what Obama did even before he was president and what did you do some lame speech
These words provide no one with any comfort support or assistance! Stay strong & may you find shelter with your family & loved ones
But hey, global warming is fake right?.. Just another hoax from the fake news
Thanks???? For what????Historic rainfall?????are you completely nuts?????
Did you tell them that YOU reversed the flood laws that our last daring president put in place? Everything you do is for the rich
Thanks for what? The lack of actual help?  Oi!
Thanks?!?!?!? WTF is wrong with you?
Thanks? Why are you saying thanks bro? For what?
Who exactly are you thanking?! Mother Nature for historic and unprecedented rain that has destroyed countless lives while you marvel at it?
Unprecedented flooding, sounds like climate change to me. Or is the rain in Texas all another cunning ploy by China?
Yep ur better as a weather man. Although we have hundreds of weather reporters u keep repeating what they say. Why???  Of and best wishes
What the actual fuck
Noticed u revised tweet claiming "Experts say precedented" 1) Good b/c grammar & 2) When in Hell did you start listening to experts?
Well, after you #ResignTrump
B4 your financial fraud, $$laundering & #Collusion lead to #ImpeachTrump
U can do teleprompter weather reports!
Why do you think the 'once in 500 yr' #extremes of #weather are now more frequent than that? What is causing the #change?
Have you donated any money to help the victims of Hurricane Harvey???
No and that piece of excrement never will
Yeah I'm talking to you Donald do something about this disaster besides being a piece of abscess ridden self promoting lump of skin
Why are you in Springfield right now? Should you not be in Texas?
Everything is huge and historic under your admistration, even natural disasters. You are amazing! #MAGA
God is punishing America for picking horrible leaders & wring directions.
The floods are coming, build an arc.
#ImpeachTrump
@storm_paglia he's thanking Harvey
How does one make so much money being this dumb Mr. @realDonaldTrump? Just a simple Kenyan.
Brilliant, but I dropped it and chose Robert Kiyosaki's instead...
Great! Added to my to-read list....
Try it. We discuss it.
He doesn't even know what the F he is talking about, it's like a babbling bafoon!
The climate is changing
taking credit for the size of hurricanes now? Upset at size of plane? Does Kim have a bigger missile? Is that your problem?
God bless you for helping Texas and getting rid of DACA! It is illegal and shame on Obama for forcing us to accept it.
Changement climatique mon président. Vous devez réagir. (Accord sur le climat )
no climate change right?
Can you spell #climatechange?
Stopping using people's misery as leverage to make yourself seem like a good guy that actually gives a shit .   You don't . "Historic"
A historic & unprecedented disaster, just like your presidency. But yes, the spirit of the people *is* incredible!
Hi
And yet not unpredicted #climatechange #scienceisathing
TO BE CLEAR, historic rain in TEXAS. Katrina and Sandy had higher death tolls. Let's just agree that hurricanes, in general, are tragic.
There has been people living in Huston since 1837, and the record rainfalls happen now. Climate change could be a factor?
Why are you so excited about this? People are DEAD and you're worried about a historical record of goddamn rain.
Are you thankful that more rain is coming? Are the people's spirits personal gifts to you? Thanks! (?)
So sorry for them.
Mr. President, If it were not for your critical thinking, org & compassion - Texas would not have been able to survive #HurricaneHarvey 
This is a tragedy, not something for you to brag about. Where was your praise for Mayor Turner, you incompetent hypocrite?
Can you just put in your two weeks already?
Record flooding worlwide. Record temperatures, both air and sea. Think there is a connection? Guess? You are getting "warmer". Rethink Paris
Anything to do with global warming you think?

President Trump: "This is historic. It's epic what happened, but you know what, it happened in Texas and Texas can handle anything." #Harvey 
It's called "Climate Change". UR called "the great divider", "idiot" & "buffoon" frequently by Americans & 34% approval by republicans.
So glad you didn't get wet.
Harvey coming through Orange, Texas right now. Flooding lots of homes in our area. Sounds of the wind is what's scary.
Liberals we have a god not yours
What's he thanking about? He's like an idiot weatherman
#MEMORY OF #TRUMP CAN BE #WEAK BUT #MEMORY OF #HISTORY IS #NOT .
That's climate change for you right there my little orange faced denier.
trump acts as excited as  a small child at a  circus...creepy.
.@realDonaldTrump finger space after a full stop.
Trying to disavow AGW via his EPA is yet another example of our current Putin POTUS trying to use a tragedy to push his political agenda!
Thanks? Really? Thanks? Like they've done you a favor? You speak as if you're a middle schooler. Grow up already. Be Presidential.
Thank you, Mr.President!
RESIGN, clown.
Too busy to meet with flood victims?
MAGA. Let us come together as Americans like in WW2.
You are riding high on photo ops, no meetings with the people, only saying that the relief will be THE best ever. This is NOT about you.
Thanks?
To the people in Houston devastated by flood, our thoughts and prayers go out to you. Our household is sending money to help in where needed
Unprecedented for Tx! Do you remember Katrina,Andrew, Hugo? Anything ur involved in always has 2 b unprecedented! Sit ur bragging azz down
Day, we all know that and we pray for them.
Tragedy to some i see hope very bright. But im not there. Keep safe stay strong , and lend a hand if you can.
No thank you for proving yet again what a fool pretending to be presidential looks like. #NotMyPresident 
#obamalamadingdong
#bringobamaback

#Texans saving Texans and the federal government under our great @POTUS all battling the biggest natural catastrophe we have ever faced. https://twitter.com/flipitred2020/status/902635614834528256 …
You rethinking that EO you rushed to sign taking away funding?  You should be! #notmypresident #Loser #TinyHands #whoknewgoverningwassohard
You and Step Mamma Malania are out of touch.  Really girl?  Are you wearing fucking heels?
Sounds a bit like climate change, 45
You make a better weatherman than you do a president
I believe climate change from carbon based fuels need to be replaced with clean energy as time is proving in the North & south poles.


"I think he's done a great job so far & I think it's outrageous for anyone to argue he's there too soon." -@ChrisChristie on @POTUS in TX 
Climate change is a china hoax....like trump and his voters!you wanted you get it!

I Love You desde Chile
Ya it will pass . cannot imagine how tough and a struggle for everyone. Perserverence . Keep tough . Love from Arizona.
Rothschild pedophile rings MUST BE STOPPED.  These people are sick and must be stopped.
HISTORIC, but climate change is a hoax...check your brain.
Historic and unprecedented poisoning of an entire population in Flint. Yet u still ignore it, & tell the public its been fixed
#LiarInChief
What an embarrassing creature you are
AGAIN!  WHO and/or WHAT R U THANKIN'??  U R a SICK S.O.B.!!
You don't have to update us POTUS.  CNN and all the Truth-telling networks keep us up-to-date....TRUTHFULLY.  WE DON'T TRUST YOUR FAKE NEWS.
Praying for #Houston.Trump proposed 11% cut for FEMA.Using spell check or did you finally learn how to spell unprecendented? #UsefulIdiot
Still does not believe what educated scientists are saying about climate change.
I wonder what's happening with all the crazy, unstable weather that's been happening? Let's throw some more carbon at it.
The Lord is crying over the horrendous @realDonaldTrump. Therefore historic rainfall!
Hey, it's dry at Mar Lago
Thanks for what?
People have DIED in this and many MANY more have lost homes, property, and pets, and you're still just concerned with optics/image. Christ.
Fantastic storm! One of the biggest storms ever! No president or leader in history has ever had to deal with such a HISTORICAL and EPIC...
...STORM!!!
Unprecedented President!
Unprecedented Houston rally 8/29/2017
Think CLIMATE CHANGE you baffoon.
as usual, Trump exhibits the compassion & language skills of a rabid squirrel on meth.
That's called climate change, need more evidence?
"Thanks?" What are you thanking them for? Keeping you entertained?
@realDonaldTrump Lets Make America Great Again we can come back Twice as Strong I believe We Can! #MAGA #Harvey
It's like the climate is changing.....
I've been referring to climate change the whole time. From my research global warming is causing climate change. My $0.02
Don...! Just come out and say you don’t believe in god. And just do your job. If your going to make America great. Stop talking about it and do it!
HISTORIC rainfall in Houston, and all over Texas. Floods are unprecedented, and more rain coming. Spirit of the people i...
First charges filed in mueller investigation run Donny run
What’s with this unchanging weather? Any way we can facilitate some manmade alteration of the climate? @BillNye halp
https://www.facebook.com/larry.aden/posts/10210342196496962 …
Thanks Holly Marie Combs
L včed  e dvě d dvě ueexvd r ašer s se
Has your donation reached the citizens yet? They're waiting (dot dot dot).
Climate change is so real you can actually see it! Leonardo, Al, Gary, even Ivanka have shown u the facts. It's up to u now
Facts won't matter until plutocrats start losing assets. To be fair most of them invested, just waiting til they get a big tax cut to act.
Those Texas people are great people. Great spirit, like you said.
Thanks for what?
Thank you president Trump! You're truly a great president worth respect & honor. Much better than the 4 before you! Obama being the worst...
President Trump, please look at Liberia
My prayers are always with everyone of you and Your Families! May the Lord Jesus raise you up and bring you all out of this devastation!
love to you all.
Does your vocabulary even include any word other than HISTORIC????
