I think that you are confused and desorientes you referred to Obama right? Trump work more in 8-9 months that Obama work in 8 years you should stop washing Fake News
That is called paranoia- there are Meds that help with that


Schmucker needs to leave he sicks
@Twitter keeps removing retweets.
He's a tripper & they are a party of fading memories come 20/20 they will be one or fading nightmare in the prez,s case lol
Our huge mistake of electing Barrack Obama Hussein as the President of the United States. Eight years to ruin America. Regrets.
Yeah. Not you're not only the puppet of Russia but also Israel's cat.
He is ultimate two face , how does he keep getting elected?
That's how politics work. There are some great books or YouTube videos on politics and how the all lie. Maybe you can read one
When are you getting impeach ??
He’s a pussy that is
Burned him!
Schumer is nothing more than a sniveling political hack.
If we continue being the world police then let's start by inspecting & cleaning up Israel's nuclear arsenal. Iran has complied #JCPOA #IAEA

Shut the fuck up you moron. You aren’t worthy of changing @SenSchumer ‘s socks! #ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow
@TheOfficialPORP @calvinstowell Looks like you two need a JOB! @POTUS tweets and FOXnews are the ONLY thing you libs can't spin or lie about
Nobody is ok since your involved
President Obama was classy and sexy. You are orange and saggy.
CHUCK SCHUMER... WHAT A  PAIN IN THE NECK!
never an intelligent word ever comes out of your mouth. Hating Obama does nothing for you ,but proves YOU'RE a racist SOB.
Hahahaha
Self proclamation is tiring
He is making Iran stronger and now Iran is right next door to Israel with highly trained and veteran Hezbollah troops.
Well..none of us truly are concerned as to what old "Chuck the Shmuch " wants. He is an obstructionists to Americans. He needs to step aside
Schumer is an obstructionist Scumbag he does not care to improve Average Americans lives but his own pockets & bank accounts. Hypocrite liar
I understand you. There's things that I've heard about Isreal that I don't like. But if we need to do some things for God's word.
Pompous ass
The middle class has figured out the Obama/Schumer slide of hand. They have destroyed our middle class with their socialist policies.
It’s time POTUS!!!!
ترامپ خر است
God you're even more stupid now than yesterday!!!
Screw Schumer he's a punk
Ok,Don
Israel is quite far from Iran
Schumer is evil andxselfish
TRUMP DON'T TRY TO PUT SCHUMER ON TRIAL FOR YOUR SHORTCOMINGS
This is just what is meant by “two faced”!
GREAT TRUMP GREAT YOU ARE WASTE STOP THE DIVERSION  STOP THE DIVERSION
That's UPCHUCK.
Pres Obama told you Tenn Republicans was Russian propaganda, why did you collude?
I love Schumer! If you attack him he must be doing something right #goChuckSchumer!
Our president swore an oath to uphold the constitution, why are you wrecking the 1st amendment? #kneeling
Why is our president trashing the Iran deal to please a foreign leader, Netanyahu?
Stop tweeting and go do your job!
UP CHUCK!
What would black Americans think if they really knew how Chuck Schumer and the democratic party really felt about their race.
Why should Israel have a say in US foreign policy? Israel is no more important than any other nation in the region. Quit cucking to Israel.
SEEMS THAT CHUCK SENATOR  CANT MAKE UP HIS MIND HE MUST BE SMOKING DOPE !!
The hypocrisy is blatant,  we all see it POTUS Trump
کپ در کینت بنه!
You are not very smart.  I am sure you don't know what chuck schumer thinks because you don't even know what you think.
Such a liar...SAD
Chuck is self serving rather than being a public servant,  sad.
Ignore schumer,every1 knows his still dreaming.no vision...just undiluted hate,greed&incompetence
im no't  believe God ，but I believe President
Schumer is a globalist; he hates  for the USA to succeed without being a part of the one-world government
Mirror, Mirror on the wall.........Sir
2/3 OF THE COUNTRY DO NOT WANT U TO PULL OUT OF THE IRAN DEAL
So thats who we report to?
Which Israel is that, whiny Donny.....the one YOU said is the biggest problem in the ME?
Chuck Schumer, the biggest partisan phony in the Senate.
Are you the Antichrist??? Do you want a nuclear war? The GOP is NOT the we say so org! You cannot Force us to believe as you do!
No one decides America's policies but America you ignorant jerk.
Schumer is a loser
You mean both sides of his mouth Chuck !  Most useless Senator in today’s political landscape !
Maybe he just believes in the importance of integrity. You may want to look up the definition.
Hahaha!! Silly Liberal!! 
#GetAClue
He led the movement against it
The Iran deal was the dumbest move Obama made.
Alot of the dumbacrats and their media have memory problems.
Your generals and Secretary of State are ok with it as well..
Oh please....that is FAKE!
- #MentalIllness Don't sell him any guns and maybe, put him on no fly list.
Chuck is a troll.
chuck shumer how does it feel to be maggot..
he takes his orders from Soros
I think he’s ok with the whole not having a nuclear war thing. You should look into that!
Fuck Israel
Because the US needs to stand by its agreements. Unlike you, who doesn’t pay those who do work for you.
At least he didn’t give up their asset to your chum Vladimir.
Tell your lies to someone who believes them, donnie.
Mr. President, when are you going to put a stop to this human cloning? Somebody needs to kill the Vril or are you one too? #StopHumanCloning
President Trump send a dummy to visit these foreign places see what the weenie will do
just jealous they're just jealous because you're making the economy jobs because They couldn't do what you do those Democrats weenies
LMAO 
Why Israel ?

F Trump
Yeah
Stop talking.
Mr. Up Chuck Schumer is your typical Dem. Sticking together no matter what. They all are POS that SUCK! Sick Aholes! Destroying our country!
It's always the Democrats giving nukes to North Korea and Iran - Clinton Carter Obama @POTUS @POTUS44 @BillClinton
Mr. President. I voted for you. As did more than half the country. We are with you. As long as you continue to do what's right. FIGHT!!!!
It was actually less than half the country by about 3,000,000 people but good try!
You are confusing Trump with Hillary.  Hilary and all the dead people and illegals who voted for her.
You mean the 4 documented voter fraud cases in the 2016 election? Ok, then 2,999,996 more people voted for Hillary.
You are incorrect. Way off. you are obviously a lib.   (Nick name....Libtard)  how's that for political correctness.
Do you know what PC is? lol i love uneducated right wing idiots who thing a lying satchel of carrot shavings can effectively run a country
Just cuz it’s Trump. No other reason.
Said by the hateful Little man.
Chuck is the last person who should enable the deal.
Is he Jewish? Isn't this treason in another sense?
Anything anyone else does is more thought out, complete & rational than anything you do.
The governance of personal retribution. Over 300 million Americans so I'm patiently waiting for my turn. By the way, I forgot to stand.....
Please just go away... far far away. Maybe stay in China?
This coming from someone who only tells the truth 5% of the time!!! Seriously Dude!
We should honor our agreements as written, if the other party is honoring the agreement as written.  No your usual practice, though.  :-(
you can't pull up white supremacists and then invoke israel. shame on Bibi for not pointing that out.
@SenSchumer schumfake Jew.
Educate yourself about history and geography, it's PERSIAN GULF!!!! And stop making statements backed by Saudi money. It's EMBARRASSING!!!

.@BarackObama flew to Delaware at midnight in 2009, met with families of & paid honor to the remains of 18 Americans killed in Afghanistan. 
Schumer worshipped the Obastard. He endorsed every burp and fart.
#FAKEPRESIDENT
charles schumer is one of pedo swamp rats in washington government,trying to get rid of you,get him first
http://ThePayz.com/?refer=47994 
Dont leave the deal.Nuclear arms race in ME  wont benefit Israel
i'm sick of these double standards shumer will be voted out of office the american people are sick and tired of these people.
You mean Christmas! Jesus put that under the tree, duuurrrrrrr!
Tell Israel to declare its real nukes. Ps: Iran never has wanted Israel gone, Iran also has jewish people in government. Who knew!
@SenSchumer is a disgrace to his office! TERM LIMITS FOR ALL POLITICIANS!! Americans are sick of the SWAMP!! DRAIN THE SWAMP! You're a lair!
DO YOU EVER GET TIRED OF LYING THEN PATTING YOURSELF ON THE BACK?
25TH ADMENDMENT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
That just means he's just as racist as you
You don't seem normal to me.
Not true!
SMH  Ya that's "tiny tears" Schumer. Get used to it.

I always find the comments from the commie liberals so funny ... hell if Trump was to shit gold they would want silver
You are all politicians!! ALL OF YOU CANT TAKE A SIDE EXCEPT @BernieSanders
Liat
Stop whining! That is what you signed up for!
I knew it was only a matter of time before the democrats sided with Iran rather then the United States. Sick!
Chuck S. is horrible! How could anyone vote for him. Lies ,lies, and more lies!
Go Mr.President
You mean both sides of his mouth Chuck !  Most useless Senator in today’s political landscape !
Yea Chuck Schumer the duck. You know what I mean the duck bee heee
Persian golf
CHUCK YOU SCHUMER charges> Trump's base> "far right wing!"  Bovine Scatology! Trump won b/c of Middle Class Dems abandoned by leftist DNC!
He's gotten smarter------try it once-----it can happen to you too!
Senator Schumer is a lying piece of shit, that failed Veterans in Buffalo, NY terribly. The Buffalo VA hospital has the most corrupt managem
How do you sleep at night with the people in PR suffering?  You are evil through and through!!
Com on, Chuck don’t give a fuck
YOUR CHILDISH, UNINFORMED RHETORIC ONLY SHOWS HOW MENTALLY ILL YOU ARE...you need help!!!
I don't think you're on a Chuck-name basis with Sen. Schumer Trumpz! #bettersticktocharles
When the dems start whining it means you're doing the right thing.
CHUCK SCHUMER SHOULD BE INVESTIGATED !   MAGA !
Hypocrite Chuck Schumer
Chuck Schumer has no spine, no moral integrity and certainly no honor...
He never hasHe and @NancyPelosi  were cut from the same mold
Can't wait to see how many congress seats Clinton praised to be quiet 
You should tell SCHMUCKER that you hate the proposed tax break for America, then you'll have enough votes
All these Fake people get along with a Fake person like trump
No matter how misogynist, xenophobia & racist you are, I'm sure Israel loves you!
You are so shallow
He shares the same last name as whale Amy Schumer. Coincidence, I think not
really he is such a fraud
Please get rid of the fines we have to pay at the end of the years for those who don't have insurance
Chuck is a loser who hates America! @chuckschumer He has so many faces we never know which one he will show up with...
Yeah Chuck! @Amazingchuck 
Please be more hatred from Iran because history will repeat and one day Iran and US will be the best friend as 1972.
Quit tweeting and work Donald!
Do you do anything other than tweet, golf, watch TV, and wander aimlessly around the WH in your bathrobe?
Tell it to all the Americans,  where were you  when our money was thrown away, same place you were when our Uranium was given away,
We already know Schumer and Pelosi stand for nothing other than against POTUS and America & Americans. It’s always name calling no substance
So full of it Trump. Need to ha e a Trump ban to protect the American people.
