Stock Market increased 225% under President Obama and unemployment was cut in half...talk to us when you accomplish that!!
Sure 
Are you trolling me LuLu??? I'm honored!!
You make it so easy
Lol...nice try, registered Indy...voted GOP many times, Reagan among my favs as President. Go ahead, make up more BS LuLu...baaahahahahahaha
Sure.. but you did vote for Hillary 
John Kasich was my original choice and yes I voted for HRC over Trump.
Lol.. bet you believed those polls that promised you she would win
Should the stock market collapse, will you be Tweeting often about it? Or would that not be due to your leadership?
Stock Market has increased by 5.2 Trillion dollars since the election on November 8th, a 25% increase. Lowest unemployment in 16 years and..
"Should the stock market collapse, will you be Tweeting often about it? Or would that not be due to your leadership?".

Silence, Donald?

05/02/2018: "The Dow fell 1,175.21 points, the largest one-day point drop in history".
05/02/2018: "The Dow fell 1,175.21 points, the largest one-day point drop in history".

I'm not the president of anything, and I could tell that Donald Trump…
People getting rich on waging war against other sons & daughters of God around the world is a sick & divided global house. Change or Perish!
@realDonaldTrump How does that have anything to do with you? You haven't succeeded in passing a single one of your major policies
But it has keep the loser left busy trying to stop everything he tries to do.
Pretty quiet today - why??
You are doing a tremendous  Job Mr. PRESIDENT!!
In the long run, you will pay for this New Tax Plan.  When you start taking money from the Middle Class it will eventually hurt you big time when the Mid-Term Elections happen in 2018.  You lose!
on inauguration day, the debt was $19.95tn. Treasury's latest figure for 10 October was $20.38tn, so that's gone up by $430bn.

I know you hate truth. #liarinchief #magaIMPEACHTRUMP
what is you say on Uganda's situation. Save us.
Thank you President TRUMP!
This isn't because of you?!?!?  What are you on about?!
It doesn’t get any better than this THANKS TO PRESIDENT TRUMP MAGA USAUSAUSA
Please show the math that you used to get these numbers
The love of money is the root of all evil.
Mueller KNOWS what you did last summer and he is coming for ya Donnie. and even Pitin will deny you when he does
Thanks Mr President, we all love you #maga
Blah blah blah.... you get no credit
This is following the same trend line as it did with Obama!
Thanks Obama!!
Trump continues to show his ignorance of the stock market.  You can't take credit for the same upward trend that Obama started!
I love how you fail to mention the 33000 lost jobs in September.  The first month with job losses in 7 years!
All you do is spread FAKE NEWS and lies
Trump is forever in President Obama's shadow.
U R forever in denial and just crying because u list....so funny how a doctor has so much time to tweet...dont u have patients...
This is the calm before the crash
Thank you President Trump!
Thanks a million to the honorable president Barack Obama 
Stock market up 25%, my salary not so much. So what?


#MAGA
Thanks largely to 44
Thank you President Obama
Thank you BARACK OBAMA.  Now DON credit is your from October 2017 and forward. But BO left country in upward trend. Great President  BO was!
Thanks Obama
Thanks Obama
America is united against Trump!


6 days. Why don’t you care about dead US soldiers?
It’s been 5 days since 3 soldiers were killed in Niger, 3 days since a fourth was identified. No official statement from WH or President. 
And it is all because of you. [SARCASM] You don't understand economics
And you do realize that you have absolutely nothing to do with these things.
Thank you President @BarackObama !
Thank you President Obama for the stock market
Your "stock answer" to fact you've accomplished nothing? Market rally has little correlation to economy. Tied to tax reform assumptions.
Don’t you get tired of your racist and completely childish shit you’re posting? Get a life
Good job Obama!!
EVRE  FOR  SALE .  VERY  VERY  EAT ......
#FakeNews
You did nothing to help this Putin puppet.
33,000 jobs lost in September. Trump properties in UK losing millions. Welcome to the Trump Recession.
You must be watching cnn to get all those fake numbers.
Thanks Obama!!!
The gas prices are up to since the election
#ThankYouObama
First month of job losses in 7 years. Trump budget finally kicked in.
So what specific policy that you introduced helped spur this growth? Maybe it has something to do with the previous 8 years idk
#DonnyDayCare #ImpeachTrumpPence
Yep...the steady no drama Obama leadership was just what the stock market needed.   You’re lucky you succeeded him rather that ‘W’!!
#CNN #MSNBC Try reporting real news that is changing things for us!Your so pathetic&have egg on your faces spewing opinions instead of truth
Wont hear real news cause it just shows how liberals couldn’t govern a country to save their life instead they separated/ruined us! MAGA
You are the best!! 
Why is everything about what you have done or what you are doing. Shouldnt you be more concern about North Korea
Comparing apples and oranges again, huh? Extraordinarily deceptive self praise. @gop @DNC dnc @Trumpevil @PRyan
Once again taking credit for Obama’s budget.
I don't think Trump would want to take credit for Obama's budget. Obama increased the national debt by nearly $10 trillion.
idiot it’s becuase of Obama’s and bush policy that helped not you. Not a single thing you have accomplished
It's very good president Trump what you were doing so far but I would like my retirement money back from the railroad retirement fund

Know how you can tell when Dotard and Rocket man are lying?....their lips are moving.....sad...not a brain cell between either of them....both have little man syndrome...sad.....
Did not get a chance to finish about the railroad retirement fun it's run by the law of the government and widows aren't allowed to get married again unless they will lose their retirement fun from their late husband please help me change this law with the government I need my
...and today the stock market tanked. And you're terrible (president and human being).
The average American has no stock. How does this help anyone but your buddies?
The average american does have stock. 401K's, IRA's, etc
Thanks to Obama
It has nothing to with your FAKE PREZ.
OBAMA ALREADY HAD IT UP!
TRUMP IS RIDING ON HIS COATTAILS! HA
DOW the lowest it’s been in two years, want to take responsibility for that too?
Love my President Trump
Yup.  It is amazing that even you could not screw up the great economy you inherited from Obama
Thanks Obama!
Thanks Obama!
Quit patting yourself on the back! YOU PERSONALLY HAVE NOTHING 2 DO W/STOCK MKT! Does NOT reflect ANY "GOOD" abt yor REGIME...
Thank you @BarackObama
Thanks to Obama.
You’ve confused high and low again. High is the one over your head.
And thats thanks to you? Really? I think you live in disneyland #fantasyfiction
Thanks Obama!
#fakenews
All your critics have no idea how economics works. They keep trying to give the muslim traitor credit when all he did was regulate everyone
Lies.  The only people this is even remotely good for are people that don't need any more money.  Rich white guys aren't the only Americans.
It has nothing to do with you
Thanks Obama!
Mr. President, let's get tax reform done and it'll take off like a rocket.
Thanks Obama.  Job market has begin to decrease under #Trump!
I wonder why 
So what I hear you saying is, "Thanks, Obama!"
So, I suppose this statement means U will also take the credit when it tanks?
“It is frankly disgusting that Trump shits from his mouth rather than his ass.”
Rofl, do you understand how debt and stocks even work? #fuckingmoron #DotardTrump
Because Obama had unemployment to 4.6% before he left office soooo yeah. Brag of it hit 2%
Catholics are silent killer of mass massacre among civilians,as they are in uniform devils body guard are all Catholic priest
It’s a bubble, trumpie! Wait until it bursts!
THANK YOU PRESIDENT OBAMA!!!!!
@POTUS* And this makes US special, how…? 

Gawd. You are the moron! #WORSTPRESIDENTINHISTORY
Thank Obama, a real President & person respected throughout the worldNobody likes your Racist Ass but the White Supremacists U appeal 2
Thank you, Mr.  President!  MAGA. 
PUERTO RICO!
Great work.

Jobs added, Feb. - Sept:
2011: +1.48m
2012: +1.26m
2013: +1.57m…
Then why do corporations and rich people need a tax cut????
Seeing  how you've advanced zero legislation all I can say is thanks Obama!
#Trump had nothing to do with it. The bull market is 8 years old. Same  growth rate before and after election.
Thanks, Obama.
Our main president, great job
Your fiscal year just started, you assume no credit yet for anything. Didnt teach you that in business classes at your fine school?
Loving it !!!
And...thanks Obama!!
That was all @realDonaldTrump because of the #God that is the God in whom we #Trust! #POTUS keep doing what you’re doing -draining swamps
What's right is right :) Thanks for doing your job.
No jobs Brazos county! #TAMU run by bureaucrats tx a&M. We have a crooked city counsel & a dept of CERN @ a&m campus http://mi.physics.tamu.edu/mysterious-substance-dark-matter-in-focus-at-texas-am …
#ThanksObama
Like a snowball rolling down the side of a snow covered hill, the stock market was already growing / trending upward; living such a fantasy!
And how many improved real quality of life? More work does not mean people improve their quality of life
Thanks @BarackObama !!!
This market is such a joke. It is a bubble economy. #fake economics It should be crashing down to earth during your term. Take credit. 
Quick
Catch the second half of President Trumps interview on Fox News 9:30 e.s.t. Positive, Informative!
Thank God for Obama. He left the US of A much better off than he met it; not even tiny hands MORON-CHETO could break what he put together!
Ed Kras##$_ is reality impared and just pissy because he's either uninformed or paid to say otherwise.
I am so proud of what you are doing sir! It is a shame that others won’t give you a break! You cannot please some people. Keep going forward
Thank you, @POTUS44 !!
Blah blah blah
All due to Obama. 1000%

Thanks Obama.
I thought unemployment was over 40%
Liar liar liar
Now that’s another lie.  Tsk tsk.
So you’re just gonna try and ignore @Eminem  now huh ?
Hmm.. sounds like fake news to me.
It has nothing to do with you.
Good job my president. Thank you for all you do for us. Not sure how you can tolerate it all
Great
The same idiots that said the stock market would crash if Trump got elected are now critical of the tax plan TOO IDIOTS
Again some good news....but the bad news is you’re not perceptive enough to realize you need to designate someone else to tweet it#S.Sanders
She's just about power and money.
So why is the GOP ignoring children's health and attacking women's health?????
Thank you President Obama!
You haven’t done anything. This wasn’t you. Oh shit. Am I fake news now?
Again, only because of Obama’s economics. Not one thing because of 45. Pretty soon the bubble will burst, like Bush.
FAKE NEWS
And yet your battle cry was jobs jobs jobs
Huge bigly thanks to @BarackObama
What could possibly go wrong when the stock market sees such a sharp rise?
anyone thinking it's because of obama is swimming in ignorance....it happened from cutting crazy Dem regulations
don't worry we'll soon see you make your mark on the stock market and economy. You'll be like the iceberg to the titanic ;)
Thank you, Obama! For building a wonderful economy for the Clown go inherit.
Thank you president Obama 
Fake News
Yes and my 401k looks awesome
Just hyper inflation. No real value added.
Your Budget kicked in 12 days ago. Obama left you that unemployment rate.
You are the best
Thank You Oboma!
Thank you President Obama.  Job well done.
yes
My family and I are grateful that the markets have responded so positively to Mr Trump's election   Helping our future be more secure!
your a genius Don
And it all belongs to Obama thru 9/30 u take over then and jobs are down first time in 91 months and now u r tanking stock market Sorry act
Fake news
And... the highest health insurance cost for the middle class ever. So unaffordable. How many people dropped insurance last year alone?
And all of this is really the effects of Obama btw wait to ur effects start happening in the future
So tell us what you did what kind of bills or laws you passed in made this happen? Or are you taking credit for another man's victory?
"Thanks, Obama!... Much appreciated!"
You did nothing to cause this you germ
Thank you President Trump and thank you to all of you Americans who voted for him! #MAGA!
Oh good I was really worried about the 1%. Can't wait for that trickle down Reagan promised to start.
Enough back patting, next?
Thanks Obama
Thanks Obama
There are still 94M Americans not working.  Better not claim that, it might rebound back on you.
But has your IQ?
