Americans love when our @realDonaldTrump 45th President of the great USA laughs that big beautiful laugh-smiling just watching him enjoy!

Cool. Now go enjoy your holiday instead of bragging about Wall Street and neglecting your wife.
How is the online bullying campaign going, @FLOTUS? I have interesting statistics to share with you. Call me!
Melania Trump defends the cyber bullying of her husband/President. She will have NO impact on social media especially teens.
She HAS no impact on ANYTHING of consequence.Though,I did hear she did some mediocre nude photos; impacted the never B4 topic of FLOTUS PORN
I suspect Fox, Brietbart and InfoWarts, the champions of fake news, will report on it.
No, but they had a lot to say about our previous first lady.
This is how they treated Michelle Obama and the Obamas' two young children for 8 years. cc: @IvankaTrump @FLOTUS 
Remember when for 10 yrs you called up different media outlets & pretended to be your own publicist? 
Harder to do now! : (
Problem w/the Russian bot version of this is that they are TERRIBLE spellers & they NEVER have profile photos so...it's just, it's hard, T!
MUCH easier to convince people Madonna wanted to date you in the 80s (LOL!) than to sell the idea you're not a xenophobic misogynist racist.
If John Miller/Barron was a real person I just know he'd urge you to bring good spelling bots back home and hire AMERICAN. #MABA
Amanda speaks nothing if substanc. Go back to mommies basement and http://STFU.YOU  ARE POORLY EDUCATED, PROB IB robot.
You're calling Amanda uneducated? Have you read your own tweet Blue Eagle?  
His profile says he's a disabled Vet so there's that. Sad part is how screwed Vets are going to be under the genocidal Wealthcare debacle.
When Obama was President, the #MSM LOVED talking about stock market rallies! Now they barely mention new all-time-highs
Aren't you the same guy who has been given several order of cease and desist for being a fraud. http://www.valuewalk.com/2017/03/jacob-wohl-2/ …
Yea he is!!!
This strategy of calling all media fake is straight out of Hitler's playbook. Here are some other signs of fascism. You judge for yourself.
Yup...
Hitler had Twitter? Wow.
I expect that you're intelligent enough to see the parallel between Hitler and #Trump regarding the press...If not...sad/scary.
#TrumpLies
I hope you realize this is not the 1930's Germany, and Trump doesn't have plans to exterminate an entire group of people as did Hitler.
Presidency hit a new intraday all-time low! I wonder whether or not the Fake White House Press Secretary will so report?
Look at you going all in on this ridiculous farce of a man. Now if only a few @GOPSenate members grew a few. #doubtful
"Will so report"
Forgive him. Language isn't his 1st language. 
This is possibly the best (and by far the most accurate) analysis of 45's  verbal and grammatic skills that I've seen!  Have a great 4th!!!
Thanks!  Poor thing is "challenged", isn't he?  Have a lovely 4th as well!
You know how you suck and everybody hates you and your three oldest kids? #4thjuly
0 to do w u. July 3 has historically been a strong day for stocks. Since 1928, the S&P 500 averaged positive returns nearly 73% of the time
@lesleyabravanel 
you know trumps on course to have to lowest job growth in 7 years right ?
LOL!    Sure, sure!

Multiple #Highs in Stock Market are because of BHO

But,

Job growth is on @POTUS 

Gosh! #PickAndChoose why don't ya!
my wording made you think i was blaming trump , i wasn't i should have said America ,too much  going on to try and put it all  at his feet
You're right, thank you for clarifying that.

The #PoliticalAtmosphere, since he won the Nomination in July 2016, has been horrid!
It's a wonder there has been as much job growth as it is, with the constant barrage he has been under.
very true man im surprised at any growth with the volatile state of america right now so much uncertainty
There is, but shouldn't be. I think we're looking at it from two different positions and each have our own reasons for believing it.
Are you going to do the same thing with the stock market as you did with your own company? REAL #TRUMP STOCK CHART
In the meantime, Carrier is laying off people on July 20th. Ford Focus is going to made in China. Why? Because you suck at what you do.
You should kneel and bow down to @BarackObama everyday
Greatest POTUS EVER!! #OBAMA #BELIKEBARACK #GREATPOTUS
#LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder

When it comes to the stock market, you're no Obama.
Trump is the guy who comes up with bucket seats then pretends he invented the whole car.
Sad that you live to be applauded by the media... an institution you deem to be enemy's of the state. The big tease.  "Love me, I hate u"
DJIA is widely reported. That the rise so far during your admin is comparable to the first 6 months Obama was in office. That's right.
And yet nothing in your policies enacted into law have made a difference. Mostly because you haven't passed anything into law budget related
Promising to do reg reform isn't actually reform. It's a promise. Still haven't done anything affecting the budget.
Heck, your so called business dealings didn't help Carrier workers. They still sent jobs overseas. Congrats!
Confronted with the news that Trump has been golfing way more than Obama, does the average Trumpkin...
Who am I kidding?
Holy crap that trumpette is triggered! I honestly never would have guessed in my life humanity would have gone down this horrible road!
Fake news? Fake presidency. There will forever be an asterisk next to your name. Your admin is a criminal enterprise, as is your family.
You are a beautiful American - thank you Paula
Thank you, TJ LSU DAD -- as are you. Happy Independence Day!
Thanks Obama! As for you, don, you're going to prison or getting removed for mental illness #25thAmendmentNOW
.
One of these things is not like the other...
¯\_(ツ)_/¯

#tRUmpRussia #whatthe4th #4thofjuly2017 #maybelaterwecould #wtfagenda #beachgate
why not discuss theft of private property $fnma $fmcc by @BarackObama #usa demands #truth and 11k docs not 3500!
Don't hold your breath! They only report negative but we the people are beyond happy with all you are doing!
36%
Hillary's winning the election according to recent polls.
National polling was on the money and she DID win that election.
Not in this country.
She won the popular vote by 3 million votes EXACTLY like the polls suggested
Bro… Thank @POTUS44
.
.
.
 #OBAMABESTPOTUS #POTUS44 #TrumpSucks #TrumpsMentalState
So TRUE #TrumpSucks
Trump is obsolete , he NEEDS to be IMPEACHED AMERICA   DESERVES SO MUCH MORE
#impeachtrump #TheResistance #RESIST #FakePresident
#AmeriKKKa "Not my POTUS"-@seanhannity
& They think Libs R being"offensive"think again @greggutfeld @CNN @FoxNews
What a LIAR 
#trumpSUCKS
If only ALL of AMERICA  had this MENTALITY… #VinceVaughn #TheResistance #Trump #RealityWinner #Impeach45 #ThisIsAmericaGotDamnIt
Do you REMEMBER This 
.
.
#TrumpHypocrite #FRAUD #LIAR
U can't treat the AmericanPeople like shit,& not Expect them 2 RISE UP
What is #GARBAGEjournalism ?
For 6 years #FakeNewsCNN told Assad was killing his own people Shameless #FraudNewsCNN
Really good blog about fake president and his whining and lying about fake votes.
http://www.stonekettle.com/2017/07/fox-in-henhouse.html …
#FluffiestOfAllSnowflakes
You literally blocked a puppet & a cat b/c you couldn't handle their insults. The cat soon died.
#25thAmendmentNOW
I go with copy, and pasted, or he handed the phone over to the person who fed him the news to type it for him.  
162 days in office
744 false or misleading claims from Trump
#FraudPresidentTrump #25thAmendmentNow #TrumpLies
The original fake news article for your
TRUMP TWITTER FAKE WRESTLING CHANNNEL:
So you would like to take credit for today's stock market activity? How about when the market tanked last month? Why were you so quiet then.
And I wonder whether or not the President of the United States will ever construct a sentence that would pass muster with 4th grade English.
Lol  just pick that apart. Because  that matters.  Lmao tool
Are you a bot?
It has ten followers. Lol.
Wait til the karma bus runs you over, backs up & does it again. #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder  stupid c**t
Are you a bot?
Michael, are you asking me?  If so, no. I'm a female human being living in CT, USA.
No, I know you're not. :)
Attn Trumpers:
• Every word out of this man's mouth is a lie
• He lambastes the media bc he cannot stand to face the truth about himself
Hey, thanks for this. Really just an admirable job as a crappy golfer. I meant, crappy president. Well, both & more. Crappy everything.
Also America is hot in an all time high
Well... if they did, by your logic, wouldn't it be considered Fake News? 
Just trying to keep up here.
Asking for the #25thAmendmentNow.
•A leader capable of fulfilling the duties & powers of his Office would remove other meme IMMEDIATELY & apologize.
Here's another meme from the guy Trump tweeted, this one showing CNN personalities with Jewish stars. 
Hey, this is great fake news.
In vicinity of all other polls. (I guess all are fake.)
More people now support impeaching Trump than actually support him. 

Impeachment 47%
Approval 37%

…
#FakeNews tweet AGAIN 
Distraction from GOP health care bill and NO plans to confront Putin abt Russian election interference #WhatThe4th
1/
•Those books you & family didn't read at Fordham, Penn, GT, etc?
•They explain GER  1 of most consistent, important allies since WW2
2/
•Smart idea: ignore all books except keep trying to understand ones written in your name
•Mad at authors for including words >3 letters?
Literally every news station in the country reports this. They have 3 major networks dedicated to it.
Dow hit a new intraday all-time high! I wonder whether or not the Fake News Media will so report?
He wants to know if CNN reported it lol
They literally have a live ticker on the screen all day every day showing it.
He wants then to give him credit on air verbally
•Congress, @VP, Cabinet: this is where you earn your $ and show your courage
•#25thAmendmentNOW
•A leader capable of fulfilling the duties & powers of his Office would remove other meme IMMEDIATELY & apologize.
https://twitter.com/jysexton/status/881619803080986626 …
Said the angry egg.
Should you not then change your name to very happy egg but with specific conditions?
Your not making sense which paradoxically makes perfect sense mr egg
I hope you twitted that ironically.
Why can't you report good news without an obnoxious comment? Seriously!!? NOT NORMAL BEHAVIOR for a President. Enough already 45
Thanks Obama!
Just as the market didn't instantly change when Obama took over Bush's disaster the great market Obama created didn't die as trump took over
سكس حيوانات حصان مع بنت
You didn't have anything to do with what Dow did today. Get real man! You should not be president. You are illegitimate and incompetent!
There's something seriously wrong with your brain. See a doctor.
Repeating fake news enough doesn't make your "BIG LIE" true. Obama SAVED USA from GREEDY WALL STREET BANKS. You INHERITED his economy! GREED
If it's a fact, then why would fake media report that? They only report fake news. Get over yourself.
Enough already. Fake news is what Russia did when posting clearly false stories on social media. Journalists have standards of truth.
LOL, this isn't your economy. all you own after 7 god awful months is the hate, violence and failure, you big zero.
They would if it was really you that deserves the credit. It is your predecessor that does.
Thanks, Obama! (He also gets fantastically higher retweets and likes than you do, loser). You are a sad (or sick) guy.
I wonder whether or not you will take credit for it...
U r fake just STOP BRING AMERICA ALL OF US TOGETHER I KNOW U LOVE UR FAMILY STOP LASHING OUT
why does it matter? The presidency doesn't impact it and the market is not the economy. Take Econ 101, please.
Europe is with you Mr President..  We know how to fight but we didn't  have a strong leader.. Until now!!
And you think you had something to do with It? Go figure...
Hey douchewater, it has hit records hundreds of times since Obama fixed the economy. Should we get a third grader to explain it to you?
Get off Twitter and do your job!
Don't you have better things to do then TWEET!! For God sakes GROW UP!!!!! Your making a mockery of America politics!!(I'm Canadian eh!)
Who cares if u make more money
Hahahahaha, let's talk about what happened to the Dow today when Junior tweeted his Russia emails. Wall St knows what's up. #RussiaGate
The Dow has been hitting new highs since Bush left office. The question is whether you can sustain or are we going to see a major correction
thank god Obama made this possible for you. 
Keeping a balance under board will keep the stocks from falling and market crashing.
Nah, they're too busy reporting how your approval rating is at an all time low. Which Fox refuses to report. SAD!
You going to tweet about today?

They are too busy reporting on the mounting evidence of your administration's ties to Russia and Ukraine. Tick tock.
You are the fake news.

BREAKING: Dow Jones industrial average slumps 1,000 points, or 4 percent, erasing its gain for the year.
Surely you have to agree that this is a result still of Obama's economic gross, wait 4 years t'ill you can take credit!
President Donald Trump does represent the United States of America because he with Putin no US media knew what both of the discuss. Shame on
It runs at the side or bottom of the screen with green or red arrows. They have dedicated Channels for those in the Market.
Despite Trump!! Polititions are ignored by the market!!!
What about DTJ emails???? And what about Fox &Friends retracting their untrue story about Comey.  I'm hearing crickets from you.
Congratulations on breaking even more records!
By the way loser those poor deplorables in Ohio are still suffering
CNBC Donny.
They always give the Dow Jones report. Do you want the name changed to "Donnie's Latest Victories"? Because you're responsible, right?
Most Americans don't own stocks only ur billionaire cabinet is benefiting.
Please provide us a list of not fake news media sources. Thanks putz
It is only going up because of Summer spending. You are a fool if you think this is related to anything you have done. Crash coming soon
The answer is simple...no they won't.
Such a child.
Childish!!!
Why not just report that the economy looks good without attacking the press?  Be kinder.
not if you keep calling them fake media. If they report it is it fake then  there lies the conundrum
CUT TAXES MAGA.  REPEAL OBAMACARE.  THEN REPLACE.  BUILD THE WALL
This is barley a sentence you blobby old cow!
President Trump When will u elect a special prosecutor to investigate Hilliary, Comey, Lynch, Obama etc etc. feeling very frustrated!!!
What a gas bag! Please stop hurting this GREAT COUNTRY with your ignorance.
you just reported it. You want ATTA BOYS go talk to your kids. News isn't your personal cheerleader. It's new facts & opinions on the facts.
Who cares about the media when we have 'fake news Donald ' taking care of that
If they did, would it be "Fake News" since you directly state it's coming from the Fake News Media??
If they did then who would believe them?  Mr president, Am I missing some logic here?
You must be a pathological liar just like him.

We love you!! Fake news will meet its destiny very soon people are waking up
I so wish that you would stop embarrassing America. I am ashamed to say that I'm an American because of you.
perhaps you are trading in fake-news
Stop trying to sound smart. They won't report that it DIDN'T. (pretentious use of "so")
Sarcasm is supposed to be a sign of intelligence. Oh well. Exceptions to every rule.
The Dow's highs and lows mean very little for the average American's day to day economy- please stop misleading people #onlybillionairescare
Stock market down over 1700 today so much winning thanks trump
You are the one reporting fake news.
Takes 6 months to a year for the markets to catch up. Lets see what it looks like in 6 month to year. Hopefully better but don't think so.
you want up dumb to what you're doing to tho countru,you're fake President
Go ahead and pretend that you had something to do with that.
I wonder if the President is doing his job or watching TV and tweeting? I'm usually disappointed too. #Sad
Don't understand why u can't just be an adult
You don't have a thing to do with that.  Miss Petty.
No they won't. The left controls the media, and the narrative.  Why can't we do something about that! It's subversive!
You are ridiculous!   All news reports the DOW every day.  Don't waste our time with stupid stuff!
Still going from the Obama days. Besides, your incompetence is better copy.
Get over the fake news. You really are a sour old man repeating himself. #notfittobepresident
the snowflakes never stop crying and complaining....what a waste you are....try and do something positive instead of nada
#MyPresident
Aren't you the fake news media?
Thanks Obama!!!
Just a child in the world presidents chair! Disgusting
Hey there - you got your news from the same people we do - business channels.
Why do you give a fuck? Because it is to your credit? Like today where market loses ground due to your "family"business activities?
Won't happen. All they want to do is be negative
but what I think you guys need to start talking about is this Fed coin block chain bullshit it's floating around from some Mr. Casey dude
Thank you President Obama!  Trumps still using your work as his success. 
Fake president in a fake administration.
Took a big crapper yesterday #Charlottesville fallout. Dropped almost 300 points.
I think every news media covers the stock market
This would be a great time to show some compassion towards the Spanish terror victims
Look at you grasping. Pathetic. #DonaldTheDummy #ImpeachTrump
Well. Your job isn't really to juice the stock market so I bet they dont
Real news knows too.
They would but they are too busy covering your meathead and childish behavior.
Well since everything is FakeNews to you, this too would be FakeNews.
I dunno, but I'm sure you'll take credit for it, even though none of your "policies" take effect until October! Once again, thanks Obama!
Dont know, I don't listen to the media.they lie to much.if I want to know the truth about what is going on,I will read you're tweets.
Is it really true that Germany doesn't import our cars
FAKE recognize FAKE!!
Biggest fake news in country is you, DJT.  Why fighting Russia inquiry so hard??  Guilty.  Russia got you WH. And everyone knows it.
r0gu
For the first time since 2009 my funds are making money.
#FakePresident
Too busy reporting on your treasonous puppy! Ohhh, jr is in huge trouble, & I'm willing to bet you were part of your puppy's treason !
You're fake
they are probably playing the stock market day trading and don't want to admit to others.
Furthermore, most of us Americans don't own stocks, so what the HELL does the dow mean to us? ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!
Mr trump is there nothing you can do to help to help biafra

Not likely
 But then when they call for help....who will show up
Rust Belt Renewal — Family business @nscdoor adapts and prospers — It's not only millennials leveraging the internet http://www.northshorecommercialdoor.com/info.html 
CNN is clearly yellow journalism and can't be taken seriously... totally absurd .
They're busy talking about you.N K doesn't like the bomb testing.What a character K J L is. Ignore them.Do what's right


You are not doing anything for the market. It's all that liquidity out there resulting from a good 8 years of fiscal discipline and stiumuli
They won't very sad
The people are watching, regardless of media.
THANK YOU PRESIDENT OBAMA! This would be impossible for incumbent to do six months in.
