Our POTUS Is an Internet troll.
Isn't it fantastic?
I haven't been out of bed 20 minutes and have seen another one of your lies. You are a consistent MFer
Let he who is without sin etc
PLEASE, for the love of God, U.S. & the world,  stop tweeting. Brings out worse in all. Whether I agree or not, concentrate on agenda.
You are wrong, it's nice to know what he is doing everyday, keep your anti Trump bullshit going, it's gonna be a long 7 more years of tweets
I know. SAD.
Please ORDER A.G. @JeffSessions to review-reopen IRS & ALL Clinton "matters" suppressed to Obstruct Justice by LYNCH-Obama-Holder conspiracy
go back to Russia.."Kasperakis" (that's not an English name)
Can u please put her in jail as well? Thank you.
Also Debbie Wasserman s as well,take away all phone/internet priv.for her and HRC.  ....
And HRC lost. Once again U won. Stop whining act like a president of all America. Stop hating & insulting ppl U might B sur
Might want to move on to the current problems
Uh, what are you even talking about lmao, theres a group of people trying to undermine the US and its election for profit,clintons of course
Alternative facts apparently
YAS TRUMP YAS #MAGA
Suck it trump!
Kettle black, doing just what you accused Hillary of doing play to pay selling your brand in the White House can't wait to say lock you up
Release your tax returns.
But she is a protected group. She is above law
A.G. Lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposes...gave Hillary Clinton a free pass and protection. Tota...
#LockThemUp Mr President
Does Jeff Sessions know about this??!
Seems to me thats collusion were is special prosecutor for investigation on that
Boy Hillary sure does get to you doesn't she Maybe because you know she would have been a better POTUS then you will ever be.  Imthe
Prosecute Hillary Clinton. She should go to jail but what she did was illegal. Felony probation, house arrest, ect.  Laws apply to everyone

Have AG Sessions open a criminal investigation! Now!
Why can't you start an investigation on Lynch, Comey and
Hillary? The "Matter" statement was obstruction. Bill on Tarmac-obstruction.
happy birthday president
Arrest her! Arrest Soros. Arrest Clinton. What are we waiting for? I am so disappointed. I thought that this would be first priority.
Lock them up
Stop deflecting.  This is about YOU!  You "won", remember?  Take the heat. You asked for it.
go after her! She still has security clearance...why?
I guess maybe since the statute of limitations isn't passed, maybe you have the AG do his job..... or maybe you won't have a second term?
HAPPY  DOG DAY TRUMP. YOU ARE A DOG.
Reinvestigat she has not been granted immunity
Shouldn't you be in jail all the lie you have made, and all the  charges of improprieties? #stopthebully #impeachtrumpnow
Please go after Clinton's NOW!!!!!!!!!
AND SOROS!!!!!
LOCK HER UP LOCK HER UP LOCK HER UP LOCK HER UP LOCK HER UP

http://WESTERNCOINFOWAR.WEEBLY.COM 

LOCK HER UP LOCK HER UP LOCK HER UP LOCK HER UP #MAGA
You have no proof and are again defaming some one. You're gonna get sued, dude.
And your Crime family wasn't given a pass for all yours and your campaigns treasonous activities
SO IS YOU TAKING 26.5 MILLION DOLLARS SINCE STEALING OFFICE
What in the world are u talking about lol

Happy Birthday, you son of a bitch Donald TRUMP 
always deflecting! We are not dealing with Hilary now! We are dealing with you...
They did a really good job projecting their guilt,now its time and the American people are looking at it and seeing the Clinton's are guilty
Let's hope you don't get a free pass and that you and your criminals are prosecuted.

You are always whining about Hillary.  Get over it!
Uh, why do you care about a career criminal so badly? Hell of a lot more sketchy shit around her than Trump, does she deserve a pass? -N
When are you letting it go? What are you afraid off?
Where's your apology for YOUR copious lies? Coward.
#Deflect #Divert #lie #collude #FollowTheMoney #traitor #treason #ImpeachTrump #PutinsBitch #TrumpRussia #youCanRunButYouCantHide #Resist
Lock them up
Hillary lost. Get used to this kind of stuff. I thought you were a tough guy. Geesh!
Hillary lost so she should be immune to all the crimes she committed during election season?
Scholars of the law can appreciate the investigative process and the attention placed on subjects, all while holding a political opinion.
Time to open up an inves....Nah fuck that.  We know she's guilty. Haul her ass away to pound town.
What comparisons are being drawn here? Uhhhh
this coming from a guy who's under criminal investigation, yeah let's believe you ! WTF !!
Don’t believe the lie that Trump’s “tweets” are not professional and have no strategic purpose. His tweets are 'weaponized' and deadly.
MAKE THE CROOKED HAG PAY!!!!
You are pathetic and will be lucky to avoid jail. Keep tweeting!
Throw them in jail! They need to know CORRUPTION IS PUNISHED..after 8 years of LAWLESSNESS!
Your face is illegal
Why did Lynch will do this she must be having the blessings of Obama
@WashingtonDCTea lets prosecute her
Enough about Hillary. You won the election. Now be presidential! If you know what that means...
They should all be held accountable. It teaches our young ones nothing to see officials get away with such unscrupulous behavior
Don't forget the WALL either  ! Campaign promise too ! We want those 2 promises the most ! Arrest the corrupt dems next ! Ignore the lies !
YOU ARE A LIAR. AND OH BY THE WAY..STOLE THE WHITEHOUSE
Are you joking? Really, are you joking? You are the stupidest man To ever hold office!
Shut up already.
Happy Birthday Mr. True American President
"We The People" are with you President Trump 
Well ....what are you Republicans gonna do about it ? Tired of the double standard same laws apply to all not some.
Yes, and Loretta has been on the show American Greed prosecuting offenders,  when she should be one of the prosecuted!
I ASSUME YOU WOULD JUST "LOVE" A.G. LYNCH IN YOUR ADMINISTRATION RIGHT NOW. 
SESSIONS THREW U UNDER THE "BUS"   ... 
SAD !
NO FREE PASS 
And yet, neither you nor A.G. Sessions does anything about it.  If you had a case, you would have by now.
Very Obvious and transparent Illegal action by Lynch
I hope you start getting sued for defamation god knows you deserve it traitor! 
What about all the illegals things you've done are they ok cause you think you're an actor sexual predators should burn!!!
Open your eyes listen to Donald trump not good he is a liar
Go after this corrupt anti-American commi lying evil demon same law 4 all she needs 2 b in jail!
Mr President gather your team and find a way to reopen case. I think Comey bringing up the "matters" tag is an open door. Don't you?
Speaking as a regular person, why do rich people like Hillary do no jail time? Two laws-one if you're rich&another if you're not. #lockherup
sessions needs to step up & appt. special prosecutor- convene grand jury now
My only question is what are you going to do about it? We support your DOJ prosecuting every illegal action they committed. Go get em!
Rumours are that CIA has plans to assassinate you.  Start fighting back. Please take this seriously. Start firing/arresting your enemies now
And we got your back Sir. Absolutely! One Tweet or Call and we will all be there! Ready to follow orders.
And now you are being investigated for Obstruction of Justice, which -- in case you didn't know - is ILLEGAL!
really? And who made you a lawyer?? Let the people with those jobs sort that out. You're an #ineptPOTUS & can't figure out how to govern.
And this isn't what you're trying to get @jeffsessions to do? Or what you tried to get Comey to do before you fired him? Or the other heads?
Hey pot... this is the kettle....
do not know or care what you do in life, there are NO FREE PASSES,  LYNCH was COMMITTING a CRIME...HILLARY NEEDS A REAL INVESTIGATION.
Clinton committed no crime! You can't convict someone where no crime exists. You committed treason. You will be convicted.
Why isn't anything ever done about people like Lynch?
GO ON THE OFFENSIVE.  THEY WILL NEVER LEAVE YOU ALONE. A GOOD OFFENSE IS THE BEST DEFENSE
No, she didn't. No, she didn't. No, it wasn't.
Aiding or abetting money laundering is illegal. Your Taj Mahal casino had 106 violations in one year! Oh, but Hillary..lol
PROVE IT.  You can't just say something is so and then, as if by magic, it becomes true. Facts and claims have to be proven. So: PROVE IT.
Get over old news.    stop diverting attn
Give us a favor Put her behind the bar and yourself. 
What are you talking about? You are so wrong for our country.

An smeared VAwhistleblower sees a 180degree change in who's really supporting Freedom of Speech @Refee00
 
Oh please.  Worry about your illegal issues now
More lies out of your mouth.  Americans no longer believe your rhetoric.
Please sign petition to have Mueller removed! Huge conflicts of interest, financially supports Dems too https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/after-revelations-made-during-james-comeys-testimony-we-people-want-special-counsel-mueller-removed …
Re-open the investigation into Hillary!
We, the people, pray for your safety and the safety of your family everyday. You saved the U.S.A.!!
Libérer ce monde de ses système véreux nous au Cameroun on vous aime pour votre pragmatisme et dégager tous ceux qui vous entraves le chemin
Please continue getting the facts out. Corruption in Washington needs to be exposed and punished.
Seriously dude? YOU, a draft-dodging, Trump U scamming, small business screwing con-man, adulterer and p*ssygrabber are lecturing others?
Can't U make them go after these people?  They have gotten away with criminality and threatens us here in America.
Who is Hillary Clinton?
Why are you tweeting about her?
Catch up, it's 2017 & you are the one under federal investigation.
#TheTruthIsHard
Liar.  Do you have any evidence for that, Cheeto Hitler?
We have to do something about these crimes, rather than just talking.
This is no surprise politicians have destroyed the integrity of IRS ,FBI & DOJ I Believe this is why you are not a business man today 
Where are the incorrect stories? Fox News?
Sir might be time to let this go?? Are you at all concerned that it seems Russia was into 39 states voting records?
Lynch and Clinton need to have an investigation opened up on both of them and obama knew what was going on so he too is culpable
To reverse this criminally permissive environment we need 2 PROSECUTE. Yeah it's uncomfortable but more important 2 follow-thru. We MUST.

Lies.  That's all you ever spew. It's disgusting
There ya go with that fake news again, donald.  Retire.
Obama's entire administration was corrupt just like him-disgusting & UN-American
Time to lock her up.
Criminals protect criminals NOT THE INNOCENT PUBLIC.
Take the criminal down. Hard.
Current AG is not doing his job by allowing u to receive stipends from open ended trust when u are making $ on US Govt/US taxpayer dime.
I guess this means you want a pass for your crimes?
Hillary should be in prison. Along with obama,Lynch, Holder all criminals
@friends_guns do something...
Yes, and once this stupid Russian thing is dropped! You go after the REAL criminals! You owe it to the American People! God will be with you
Polish friend says democrats are the same communist crooks that ruled Poland after Hitler.  They terrorized and persecuted. No freedom!
She must be held accountable!
Prison time for the all
Declassify and release.
They got away with it.... so does that make them smarter than you? You haven't done anything wrong, but can't seem to catch a break. WINNER!

Obama & Hillary really got under your  skin still tweeting about them after all this time! What's up with that?
Stop wallowing and own your own issues
You going to support less gun control regulation? Just think if GOPs had carried hidden guns the Alexandria shooting might have been avoided
Oh that's right Sessions is testifying today. No wonder your acting scared 
Please right that wrong. Have sessions reinvestigate.
Lock her up
Bring lynch, hillary and FBI, down!!..& that is collusion from within. collusion was on our backyard. God Selected TRUMP as our Leader!!!
Then do something. Stop talking and tweeting and start doing something that actually matters. Someone has to go to jail NOW!
Absolutely and your advisors are doing a terrible job. McMaster hooking up with Rice ally. This whole investigation bs. People steer wrong
No 1 gave Hillary a free pass. She's worked 4 everything she has. & BTW, she isn't president, UR, so stop bringing her into the discussion.
Then do something about it. Get ur AG to investigate Clinton's, Obama corruption, Lynch, Rice, Comey & more. End this Russian crap against u
No. She was cleared of all charges. THERE IS A DIFFERENCE!
Lynch would have buried the Hillary case or O would have pardoned. Double jeopardy if tried again, but Comey kept it for blackmail.
If democrats did it, no criticism whatsoever.
#FireRosenstein #FireMcCabe #FireMueller -@POTUS Pls TAKE ACTIONNOW #Comey 4 PrisonDID Mueller give Comey immunity? @seanhannity
Too bad you knowing hired a paid agent of our enemy with nukes pointed at the USA..self profit over principal
Do you HEAR the ppl on hear begging you to INVESTIGATE LYNCH and CLINTON and now COMEY!
O.K. I'm impressed.  Now you're showing me the stuff your made of. #Respect The best President was FDR, start a #NewDealEconomy #MAGA
When will they be prosecuted?
scared of her but I think it goes up higher then Lynch and he should have taken notes on everything he experienced during his time with her
Too bad you won't get a free pass Mr. @POTUS
you have real lovers that love you. I hate bullies that pray in people's self esteem.
This coming from Mr.Russian Spy himself...Please stop talking! We DON'T BELIEVE YOU!!! 
Don't arm Hezbollah in Lebanon like the government armed ISIS!
Where is the special investigation?
You're out of your element, Donny.
Darn that Constitution! Vlad gets to do anything he wants! Bigly unfair!  
Just one more Mr President.  Hire me, I will clean out and fire all the Obama, CLINTON Loyalist
aaaand it's time we prosecute em all!
You're the boss! Fix it! Prosecute her!
