.@realDonaldTrump False. Clapper said intelligence agencies have "not made any judgement that the information in the document is reliable."
And BBC has now confirmed there are 6 sources corroborating the memo & more kompromat.
Give it a rest, Boris. We're on to you.
@KathrynKemm You have serious enemies, Mr. Trump, but we the people are behind you. Godspeed; see if u can get rid of Ryan.
he didn't call you though & he never said anything about false or phony. He released a whole statement on it. Don the Con
Hunter are you still going to the protest? Let's talk… #JohnLewisIsMyHero
I am.
I can't do it, will you handle my end? I covered the Vietnam era for you! I'm physically unable to do it
Trump circulated false news about Hillary 10 days before election.  Trump knew it was false. @BBC @CBS @nytimes @latimes
A portrait of a narcissist...
.@realDonaldTrump what's too bad is an ignorant, unqualified, self-absorbed man-child attacking anyone who stands up to him. SAD.
Even Switzerland thinks you are dangerous! Resign!
"Clapper did nothing of the sort. He didn't “denounce” the report —only the fact that it had been released publicly." #WAPO
"And in fact, in same statement, #Clapper made clear that he couldn't say whether the claims were “false and fictitious."
People should start IGNORING #DirtBagDonnie's TWEETS b/c most are #Propaganda & outright LIES. #FNC #CNN @kellyannepolls
@lovealaska1105

Liar  #trump was elected on phony facts, fake news & lies like #obama Hawaiian birth certificate findings
Agree
That's funny-Clapper says quite the opposite. We're not all the "uneducated" you love so much. A whole lot of us can read.
LIES! Even Clapper said you are lying!  We can no longer believe you. #FAKETRUMP
Awesome news @POTUS
All of us need to make America 1st, 2nd, and 3rd.
@nickberoxbe1989
stop the lies---u know urine trouble
- LIAR!  Why do you keep LYING to us when we can check the facts?
More LIES.  All you can do is LIE!  THE majority of Americans - you know, the ones that DIDN'T VOTE 4 U - ARE NOT STUPID!
LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR
James Clapper: It's "conceivable" Manafort wiretap picked up conversations with Trump #MorningJoe #FuckTrump http://hill.cm/cyoL3QP 
Did you know about the code in the  banana
  U R A RENEGGER.. RUSSIA HAS SOME PUDER PIE 4 U...Leavenworth has white pillow cases 4 ur hoods 2. Pretty boyz there 2.
#NoDAPL
Clapper and Brennan both are Obama acolytes! Snakes in the grass!
I sold my soul to russia because they have #peepee tapes of me with prosties
Mr Clapper actually said IC “has NOT MADE ANY JUDGEMENT that the information in this document is reliable”. LIE! TOO BAD!
Putin dismisses Trump dossier as 'rubbish'...As we all know Putin also said he didn't invaded Crimea & Donbas..a liar as U
Liar...CIA & co informed both U & President Obama about the report claiming Putin's kompromat on you...
don't care about ur tax returns or your company's. No matter how you got where u are. You did! I only care u do what u said
Thank God for Friday !!!
phoney reports, you don't say? Well, you should know every time you look in a mirror.
Anyone with a little common sense shld have known that was a fake report. I'm talking about you @CNN
sure he did. go make russia great again trumputin
@LinZbeee maybe clapper should do that in a news conference...so everyone will know it was fake...
concentrating on easing the collective American fear over your Presidency would go further than concentrating on fake news.
James Clapper and Brennan are corrupt. Good they'll be gone soon.
Correct: The leak was verified to be bull: https://www.dni.gov/index.php/newsroom/press-releases/224-press-releases-2017/1469-dni-clapper-statement-on-conversation-with-president-elect-trump …
That report is always #1 in your mind #goldenshowers
Yo mama so ugly she scared the crap out of the toilet
Mr President, we the people are aware of what 'they' are doing and are praying for you. You got this! Thanks !
You’re so fat you could sell shade.
nope the dossier is true and you know it! "Thou protesteth too much!"
you are a liar he did not say that as he released a statement of what he said stop thinking Americans are stupid we are not
You have 2 mistresses at Trump tower. Wish I could talk to them and find out all about your sexual perversions. #goldenshowers
No he fucking didn't.
Just watched 20/20. Our societies middle class is in trouble please help
he didnt denounce it, he stated its not from the CIA like you said it was #impeachmentcountdown
YOU LIED STRAIGHT TO THE CAMERAS TO US. THIS IS NOT TRUE. I KNOW TONS OF FOLKS THAT WOULD LOVE TO SEE YOUR TAX RETURNS!
Your ability to BS is amazing. Clapper NEVER said that.
- To be truthful, you'd have to face who you are and that is why you lie. We get it. 'Misdirection' is ur survival skill.
#Trumplies
. We ALL KNOW who's behind this act of treason against OUR NEW PRESIDENT! DEMS FBI CIA HILLARY SORO'S finances IT!
YEP THIS IS TRUE BUT TRUMP HAS THE WILL OF WE THE PEOPLE AND THAT IS A POWERFUL SOURCE TO HAVE.....LOL
EXACTLY
Yeah reminds me of some birther B.S. someone promoted. How KARMA works!?!
too late he can't be trusted!!
All the President's Men 2: The Trump Years
You don't need to say false, fictitious, made up AND phony. You used an 'unpresidented' amount of redundant words. TOO BAD!
ur a #fakerichman. i myb poor, but i'm not fake poor
 i yam who i yam!
U lie worse that a 2 yr old.  What am I saying? U ARE a 2 yr old
Actually that's not true... You are being investigated
@manningcallum94 the only fake in this whole saga is u mr trump
#ICareAboutTheTaxReturns
LIAR
your tweets are so good! Great tweeter! So great at tweets! Literally the best at them.
"You are always welcome in my country. We enjoy a nice golden shower in these parts!"
You're lying as usual. Delete your account. Everything in that dossier may well be true.
Careful, Clapper lied to Congress. I wouldn't trust him.
Oh, really???  Pfft!  !!
We, the little people, never believed a word of it. Stay the course.
No, he didn't, not as you described.  Liar.
fake pres. deserves fake news
actually James clapper said nothing even close to this and said it himself. Most tainted presidency ever. No credibility.
NOT what HE says!
Watch the floor they are voting you need to pay attention.
FAKE news from your lips=designed to purposefully diseminate false information. Clapper did not denounce anything. LIAR
"illegally circulated"  Wrong. And we read his public statement. He said no such thing.
Seriously? Why do you lie about things that are so easily proved to be lies? Clapper says he didn't call you or say this.
Another absolute LIE!  Clapper did not say this at all.  We've all seen his released statement regarding this.  You liar!
can't WAIT on the tax cuts ,and auditing the fed !!!
So CNN lies, Clapper lies, Hillary lies, WashPo lies, everyone lies about u. Except the biggest liar ever is U. #IMPEACHHIM
start to "Act" like a president and stop tweeting 
Please show us your tax returns, NOW!
you are FAKE NEWS. Listen piss face, we know this isn't true. He never denounced.
Tell the truth, lying Donald - Clapper did no such thing, he only confirmed that report had not been leaked by his agencies
Trump stop releasing fake news.   That is not what he said.
you're delusional.  Clapper says you're lying.  I think we could all support you if you would stop the lies.
WRONG! Clapper made no such claim. You either really like to lie to make yourself look better or you have mental issues.
Mike Pompeo says CIA Intelligence on Russian Hacking is SOUND!  This is YOUR Guy, what do you have to say now  ???
LIAR!
No he didn't. Clapper's comments are public.  When you lie, we can look it up.  You're silly, and your facts are phony.
.@realDonaldTrump He called me, too. Apparently you tried to pay him off and he said no. Tweeting things don't make them real. #gullible
All these celebs & politicians should be ashamed of their actions You won It's time they show unity for our country Not their greedy selves
funny he didn't denounce it to anyone else
Hi there Mr President this is not the time to be concerned about phony reports the country is divided by nonsense Wake Up!
Hi there Mr President this is not the time to focus on Hillary the country is in a heapa hurt reminder. No Lame Duck here!
@TheRealSlimDon1 Also, Reagan texted me, said I'm his hero. Flattered!!
NO you LYING COMMIE TRAITOR pee man  @realDonaldTrump Clapper said NOTHING of the sort.
Sure you didn't pay source to distract media from grilling you at press conference? You've used Melania before. Pattern.
don't keep spreading fake news, Clapper didn't "denounce" the report nor whether it is fictitious or not. You're despicable
Reading these tweets from disgruntled libs just makes me smile.  Love the entertainment. Brings back memories of November 8, 2016...awwww
James Clapper: Trump accepted Russia's role in DNC hack when I briefed him on 1/6/17 Trump Tower #ThursdayThoughts http://hill.cm/nBL4sad 
James Clapper: Russian election hacking report "cast doubt" on legitimacy of Trump's win #SaturdayMorning #AMJoy http://hill.cm/KiaAB2C 
@LouiseMensch Trump used to be full of praise for Clapper. So he must have been lying about the Russia stuff too, right?
pants on fire!
liar
que
too bad he couldn't testify in public. ...yet..

Can't cover forever @DevinNunes it will all come out.

@OversightDems

liar
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/03/new-nokia-3310-is-useless-in-many.html …
.  Our Liar-in-Chief, Donald Trump!  You are the Bigliest Hypocrite in America!  trumpISNOTsmart
 We all have a copy..good read !  U should be packing.. U R A RENEGGER ! RUSSIAS GOT GOOD PUDER PIE 4 U THERE I HEAR.
you're sad
And that was a lie
Absolutely NOTHING is true!
just do you keep lieing to the people of america lies on top of lies makes No since
お前は独裁者！ヒトラーと同じ！暗殺されるよ！バカ！
Best way to manage Trump is to watch the one news station he despises CNN ratings need to soar!!  Hold him accountable!!
you should build a wall around yourself xD
rata
you need to stay off twitter stop being in denial your tweets are volger
watch out for fragments
Sir I wish to you for prisedent
am sadden by  governor Brown in CA. Democrats are behaving like socialists they're  acting horrible over losing
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama's birth certificate is a fraud.
Someone buy this man a thesaurus! Please!!!
Not false, good bye Trump
Fake News Pres. Trump!
“@realDonaldTrump: James Clapper called . . . to denounce the false and fictitious report that was . . . circulated. Made up, phony facts”
No, he didn't.
the press has to be held accountable for there information.  We need complete change with press#
the whole country knows what a liar you are.
Do your job right and your numbers will reflect the number of people who watch your Presidential achievements.
Being President should be the only thing you should have on your mind not who many people were in the crowd yesterday! !!!
Are you kidding me your first act as President is about how many people watched your inaugural yesterday what a joke.
You control the drones. Please don't strike the women's marchers.
this is a LIEEEEEE!!!!
they deserve to go to jail.their no different then us, and thats wrong.
Too LATE baby its to late though we really did try to make it. Lol It is a beautiful day in the neibourhood.
お前はバカ！消えろ！衰退するよ、アメリカは！アメリカは世界から孤立する！アメリカ国民の６割は、お前を信用していない！お前は独裁者！ヒトラーと変わらない！終わったな、アメリカ！

you're gonna be an ass for the next 4 years. What a waste
trucking  for 30 yrs, looking forward to a new America
I don't give a hoot about your tax returns. All I care about is what you do for our country. Security, jobs, healthcare.
Lie!
