Instead of stating how bad it is, why doesn't the White House actually release their tax plan, and our president release his tax returns?
FYI @realDonaldTrump had released his tax returns even though it's not even policy for a President to do so. Also,he's written out a cpl dif
Tax plan drafts,but the President can't do it without Congress&we know McConnell&Ryan refuse to get anything done for the American ppl even
Though they all promised they wld during their campaigns just for reelection they've lied/deceived us all&BC of this they nd 2B replaced by
Those who are competent 2 do this job as they're not&admitted they will Block all of Trumps Bills which so far they've done including Trumps
Ban on DACA which he drew up not long after becoming Pres&now ppl are bitching sayin he hasn't done anything when he's created the most jobs
Than any other Pres in our history&in such a short amount of time,he's ended welfare benefits 2 illegals,but some states still allow it,he's
Cut Planned Parenthoods funding from coming out of our tax $,I'm 2 tired 2 try 2 even name all he's done thus far,but it's incredible&is
Why is your new tax plan to cut the taxes of big business and the rich, tax breaks is not what we need

Tax cuts that favor the filthy rich are the ones that nobody wants in some cases not even the filthy rich. Except the Koch's. Greedy.
The account of @PraiseJohnA1 is potentially a bot or a #FAKE account.
Jobs are created at the bottom, not the top. When rich people get extra money, they hoard it. When poor people get money, they spend it.
Agree but don’t turn it into another bonanza for corporations and the very rich
RT @WhiteHouse: The current tax code is a burden on American taxpayers and harmful to American job-creators. Learn more:...
You’re telling me! If I had a nickel for every nickel I’ve lost to the estate tax I would not have any nickels. #justrichpeopleproblems
@POTUS I get what you are trying to do. I'm with you!!
Trump wants to make taxes easier on business (himself). Putting  in his pocket. It's billionaire first and average Americans second.
He has just donated 1,000.000m for disaster help. How much did you donate? From your pocket.
Trump has not made a Donation anywhere. He says it you believe it even though he lies 98% of thee time. Descendants of phoney goldmine vics.
Way to stick it to the middle class $12000 tax free to get $63000 taxed at 25%
Don't let the EVIL don near our tax laws, he will destroy this country!
You should be embarrassed lady!! You are pathetic turn  fox off and wake up
10% sale tax on all but food. No Fed income tax.  #goodenoughforjesus 
Your type of reform will kill the middle class and give you rich bastards MORE!
You didnt watch the video did You?
Another Trump lie to push though a massive tax cut for the rich. US is NOT highly taxed!
Number 31 out of 35!! Another lie that he repeats over and over and his base believes him
Repeat the LIE over and over & stupid people will believe it. Is a long tactic used by @realDonaldTrump & #Trumpsters have keep buying it
This is pretty freaky....
Similar quotes between Trump and Hitler.
#DonaldTrump #AdolphHitler #lying
Wow
Wow indeed. They creepily share the same manipulative approach to the already bad act of lying.
People did say that @realDonaldTrump kept a copy of Mein Kampf on his bedside table. Looks like he learned well.
Oh, really? Wow. Trump must think people can't figure things out but things become exposed.
RT @realDonaldTrump #TaxReform Priority: No Corporate Tax Cut Giveaways to Big Globalist Corporations. Tax Cuts for the #American People.
Where are your tax returns?
They came out.... ages ago
When? I haven't seen his full tax returns
I posted the link
Ty, but those are from 2005. Have you paid taxes since 2005? I know I have.
That's besides the point. The left's argument was trump has never played tax. This disproves it
No, that wasn't the point. We wanted full tax returns to determine his conflicts of interest.
The conflicts he gave up when handing his business over upon his election?
Only thing broken is the office of president. Never been more ashamed of person in office.
But not paying taxes "makes you smart" remember? So what do you know about taxes? You dont even pay them! #SITDOWN #YOUREEMBARRASSING
Now or never!
What a lie. You're tweaking it to benefit the one group who doesn't need it the 1%. Try helping low and middle class - they're the backbone
Refund reference: to all Volunteer every year. We all give to the needs of our people all year.  Give me my income back, four rooms is full.
Yep! Thought ... let's get "The Swamp" to stop pissing away our money on idiotic projects, programs & expanded government! That'd be great!
You got it wrong. "Job creators" aren't returning that value to the majority of Americans, stockpiling it at the top, working for them.
We need to return to what worked BEFORE.   Higher taxes on the wealthy and on business.   Like Jefferson said.
Please flat tax!  Then everyone pays!
We hope...there will be reform.  Get illegals and dreamers off welfare and stop the give away of social security to them.
If the says it,MUST BE FAKE!!!
Lies from the white house turned evil house.
The richest are the ones that don't pay taxes @realdonaldTrump they don't release their tax forms.
Sure do
@realDonaldTrump If you really want to help American businesses compete then give us Universal healthcare.
The middle class needs a tax cut in the worst way and cannot wait for the next three congressional vacations.
It seems GOP primaries must clean the swamp to be able to accomplish conservative agenda!
Take the tax cuts you were foing to give to the rich and use them to fund hurricane relief - make America great in the eyes of the world.
You mean the tax code is a burden to your businesses.  You don't give an iota about the average American family as you've proved repeatedly!
Reinstate Ike's tax rates.
Prove it.
Burden to the wealthy who just can't be wealthy enough, you mean!
The companies that have the most tax dodging and subsidies are the worst at creating jobs. Shifting the tax burden only creates a welfare.

#RepealIRS
TAX REFORM......GET IT DONE SWAMP...DAMN IT!!!  President Trump is FOR THE PEOPLE but you Congress must PROVE that you are for us Citizens!
America has been used and taken advantage of and the Americans need a relief.
I heard  it's a billion dollar business. Good luck simplifying it.
Absolutely and the IRS needs to be Abolished!
Ppl with negativity on this tweet must not work or living with Mommy and Daddy
#tRump spending our tax $$ on non-specific #GetRichScheme & cuts #PublicNotices 4 #ACA to thrust it into a #DeathSpiral that doesn't exist.
Yeah right. In laymen terms, it means fat tax cuts for the wealthy while sticking the bill on the middle class! Think we don't know?
I own a very small business for 16 years I have to fold because of Obama tax rules. To hire help it will coast me extra $250.00 a week
More lies from the White House.  America doesn't have the highest tax rate.  Pandering to rich helps no one!
Just like promises broken to voters daca the President must stop this madness
We don't need tax reform that benefits Trumps cronies but burdens middle class
Grover Norquist is an ass. Tax cuts for the rich don't create jobs. Tax cuts for the poor puts more money into the economy. Then jobs happen
Really
Yes, the 1% needs to pay more!!  A higher marginal rate and no loopholes.  None!
You and your Republican criminal party is a burden on American taxpayers and American jobs

So what's the plan? Make the rich richer and the poor poorer. Umm Yep!
FOOL
The irony of hearing him talk about tax when he himself is a tax fraud!!
Our current Whitehouse administration is broken. The American people deserve a president that know WTF he is doing!
#resist
They do, but you just want to funnel more money to the top 1%.
Yep, all those massive tax breaks and incentives are so very harmful to "job-creators".
Iies
Ok, no income tax, no corporate taxes, VAT for all.
The easiest, simplest and quickest way to fix our country's broken tax system is to implement the fair tax.
I'm a job creator and we pay taxes because that's how this country works. There are other problems we need to focus on first. #prioritize
you mean  that its a burden on the dt fan club.  Not a burden on the rest of us.
@littleric13 ??
Let's see what Harvey and Irma cost before talking about tax cuts.
Tax reform for Americans. !!
Yes, tax reform is needed. Reforms for wealthy-yr BFF's- AREN'T. Official sources say yr plans won't help ordinary citizens. Not surprised.
About half the country pays no, or little taxes because they are poor, or the working poor. So who are the cuts really going to?
How is it a burden? Have you looked at the Kansas experiment? Trickle down didn't work here! It will take us yrs to recover from brownback.
How about showing your returns - you have probably been fleecing america for years.
#donnyjohnny your propaganda is disgusting.U take advantage of those who take u for your word, not intelligent enough to research your lies.
Right?....@ http://kiliedutravel.com 
Slash our bloated over regulated socialistic wasteful burdensome anti-capitalistic bureaucracy
What a joke....no details of a plan at that cited place
aka "my friends don't want to pay so many taxes so let's pass it onto the real people"
Set up for tax breaks for the wealthy . Don't piss on me and tell me it's trickle down
Thank You for working so hard to correct the injustices that have been perpetrated against Americans.
Keep ignoring the haters President Trump  We Love what you are doing.
Wtf would you know you never pay any

You & urs are a burden on the taxpayers.
why not say a burden to the wealthy.. we are not fooled. Try again
Tax cuts to the top 1%.. Reagan tried it.. It did not create jobs ..It never worked..
If people only knew how great it is to have a president that's on our side!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Damned right!!!!
Never going to happen.  The Resistance will continue to fight you tooth and nail.  NOT ONE MORE PENNY!!
No,the current @WhiteHouse , @POTUS , @VP are BROKEN, fix those THEN let's talk taxes.All the fools mentioned want to pad their own pockets
Too much regulation that is hurting small business , it's difficult to grow  Taxs Reform code should be easy understand
Build the damn wall
No way congress rinos will change the tax code . But there is a slight chances you get a tax reduction .
If I incorporate, My new company can hire me, my kids, a housekeeper, gardener, cook and a chauffeur.  Now, THAT IS JOB CREATION!
This coming from someone afraid to show HIS taxes!
Win versus who?  Who do you think is winning?  The Chinese.  Have you seen what's happening in China?  Or Russia?  Saudi Arabia?  Brazil?
So true
The poor would pay less than $ 100.00 no matter where the money came from? Then we all equal. This is what we  need. CONGRESS WE TIRED OF U!
It sure is! If congress and senators would make everyone pay tax based upon annual income, we All Would  benifit?
WE NEED TO GET RID OF THE IRS NOT REFORM IT! SMALLER GOV DON SMALLER GOV!
We don't want the top 10 percent to get a tax cut. You are a terrible leader. RESIGN NOW
Yes it is. It only benefits corporations and the very rich
What is this burden you speak of? Just tax the wealthy a bit more, done!
This will be so funny in 4 or 5 years. Just like Reefer Madness or 'Read my lips, NO NEW TAXES!'
American job-creators are tax dodgers, harmful to American job-holders, and a burden on American government & taxpaying American citizens.
Objectors 2 tax cuts Realize Corp NOT rich individuals will get cuts. If Corporations don't bring back jobs to US THEN gripe & DBL corp tax
HC subsidies has 2 B 1st. Start w/Politicians/Ins Comp(holding nontaxed billions cash reserves) subsidies.Spend wisely as we're expected to
Disclose @potus tax returns first. Change the law second.
Let's see Trumps taxes first
I'm willing to pay more to insure universal health care for all.  Stop worrying about your own purse. #
Fake news
I call Bull-s*it. This seems to work but is never mentioned by #GOP.
Right on
Used for!
Which is why we need to increase taxes on the wealthy so as to lessen the burden on the middle class. Go back to pre LBJ tax rates.
Yes
I'm going to go ahead and call bullshit. All reliable studies say otherwise
I wish all of you so worried about his tax returns were this worried about Benghazi and Killary's emails. 
#MAGA #MYPRESIDENT
Not as badly broken as the current presidential administration.
No tax reform until DJT coughs up his taxes!
Tarriffs on imports are America's first tax
The only constitutional tax
Funded govt. ably until 1930's
10% tarriff replaces inc tax revenue!
This should be a like to everyone that reads the tax reform bill ! Please give your input to tax reform.
So let's make the precedent richer.
Trying to win people over with nice infographics
Taxes are also the reason we can provide federal assistance to Harvey and Irma victims.
I am gonna bild a well
So why does all the effort go toward tax cuts for the richest among us?
The burden on 99% of american taxpayers is that the wealthy do not pay their fair share!
@GOP @TheDemocrats @Im_TheAntiTrump #TheResistance
The current tax code is legit a burden on US taxpayers.  But maybe cut taxes for the rest of instead of your billionaire buddies? #impeach
You are doing so much good, without much help it seems.  Keep it up.
This will change the lives of all American's when you get this passed. Anybody who opposes this is clearly anti American.
How would you know? Ties from China, u bum!!! Tax the rich not poor! Resist!!!!
Please, we are talking about helping people who are in need.  Hurricane Irma is coming right after Harvey.   We know how fake your concern.
Especially when it allows you to hide your crimes behind your undisclosed tax forms.
How can you possibly have any credibility re tax when you STILL refuse to uphold your promise to publish your tax returns? #LiarInChief
The deficit is keeping US The USA down. If $1 to the poor and $100,000 to the rich, and yes our RICH CONGRESS INCLUDED. We make it equal
I know it is on me, the amount of people that do pay compared to the ones that DON'T.Is big. If we all pay same as %. Deficit would plummit.
Lying Delusional Donnie w/the old trickle down scam again, billions in tax cuts for his family & cronies --nothing for Americans!
#TrustMe
Lying Delusional Donnie wants lots of income transfer from Americans=huge tax cuts for his family & the rich oligarchy!
It's not tax reform!
Yes & ur going 2 hurt the little ppl more. All ur ALT-RIGHT WHITES care about is saving ur money. Taxes were created so that much of it cld
go 2 programs 2 help those less http://fortunate.How  r u going 2 care 4 the poor/homeless?Those who w/o the ACA have not have ins?
Why, because rich people want more tax breaks?
Just a reminder to the lie you like to perpetuate we are not the highest taxed nation.
5% Federal Excise Tax ~ collected by States with Sales Tax ~ everyone will then pay tax.  Illegal cash, prostitutes, drug distributors etc
END EITC Earned Income Tax Credit the most fraudulent redistribution of wealth!!
GOP tax plan would primarily benefit corporations and the 1%.  It's not a middle class tax cut.  Don't fall for it!
@realDonaldTrump 
No it's not.  This is sheer propaganda.  Get out of my pockets.
Henry Cruz Involved with DPS Luna Severe SAPD San Antonio Tx
Situation is so bad, Dow cannot even climb 368.000, totally ridiculous. Must save failing economy or people must pay for banks. #itshuge
And no calling for Delaware everywhere? What kind of fake news movie is that? #notthetruth #nogoodeconomy #economybeforepeople
So us middle class citizens should pay taxes as you and your rich billionaire peers get tax breaks?
At 66, i had a great job, until the IRS started their threats again.  I had to quit and go back on full retirement (including ssi).
Dem. party and Soros paid Republicans want to destroy this country's sovernty,They do not want freedom for the people or sovereign  nation.
Why say broken? Still burdening us with income taxes? #noincometax is the only resolution to fairness. Feds don't need to tax Americans
U mean it's a burden for @realDonaldTrump to disclose his Russian/Saudi business dealings and money laundering?? If only he was...HONEST.
Tax code needs not be burdened to business are lower tax payer are special middle class
Just got my USO  American flag so our troops can call home any time. Got a thermodynamics engineer text book love NASA
#RESIGN
.@realDonaldTrump @DanScavino @PressSec
The tax burden has shifted from filthy rich to the poor over decades. TAX THE RICH! Make them pay their fare share, and pay it forward!
#LoisLearner #LOCKHERUP
JW found #FBI docs showing that the compromised #DOJ investigation looked the other way on Obama’s #IRS criminality.
http://jwatch.us/sC8zbu 
That'll be a whole new one :)
The Israeli loan is more. burden on tax payers 9 bill forgiven for 70 yrs.  Do the math.
Sounds like what Trump was trying to do but people said it was mean spirited and gave tax breaks to the rich. Go for it. (^^)/
Pass a consumption tax law and abolish the IRS.
