Climate change bad for our environment. GOP stop fueling fire and fury by feeding the grandiosity of a theat to our democracy Country Before Party
70 jobs that will disappear as soon as the aulstrailians fix their mill and go back to supplying the Chinese for less than half the price
"If I had been the son of a coal miner I would have left the damn mines. But most ppl don't have the imagination-or whatever- to leave their mine." #Trump #coal
Except that construction of the mine in question began before the 2016 election. 
Love it glad they are getting their jobs back.
Except it's only opening because the aulstrailian supply chain screwed up and, once fixed, coal prices will go back down

Not Trump at all.
The Dems said you lied to get elected PROVED them WRONG. .Suck it Demonuts.

Recent studies say wind farms are not only inefficient but do more harm than good to the environment....in other words it's a wash.....any savings are not worth the damage.
Congratulations!  'First New Coal Mine of Trump Era Opens in Pennsylvania' http://insider.foxnews.com/2017/06/10/new-coal-mine-donald-trump-pennsylvania-fossil-fuels-regulations …...
Betamax was better!!!  8 track  is where it's at baby!!
How soon can we expect the buggy whips factories to open? Before or after you're done building that #BorderWall ?
Wow...you guys are clueless.  There have been thousands of new jobs..in fact hundreds of thousands in all kinds of industry from manufacturing to high tech. Are you living under a rock or what?
So under your plan is Black Lung disease considered "pre-existing" condition?
Under their new health care plan. Are the 911 first responders and clean up crew S.O.L. too?
lol  coal jobs in 2017.  half will be laid off in a year!  There is already a bigger supply than demand!
You don't think we've been there already? I'm grateful for 6 months of decent income
Congratulations on building a bridge to the 19th century!
Schlemiel! Schlimazel! Hasenpfeffer Incorporated!
Coal... I can't believe we still use coal... talk about progress moving backwards... doesn't surprise me though, look who the president is..
Congeats on everyone heafed towards getting lung cancer or dying in a coal mine collaspe. #coalisdead
Lead the country into a bright future.
When are you bringing back horses & buggies as the prime mode of transportation?
Black lung making Comeback.
My grandfather and my uncle both died from Black Lung disease....
Hallelujah Amen 
Congratulations???   More like Condolences...  Unbelievable.  So glad to be living in Canada.
Oh boy! Let's dirty up the waters again. Shame on you!
We're going for more modern energy. We are not going to make your friends richer. We go forward not backwards. What kind of dope are you on?
Pathetic! 
Ushering in the 19th century as only a simpleton like you could. Resign.
Did u tell the miners u have rescinded regulations to protect their health?  Do they know they aren't going to have health care?
& will die a slow death as #45 has no idea how to step into a more modern & clean era. Plz resign Sir.
happy birthday mr.  President!!
70 jobs? Wow really bring back the jobs. Why don't you bring back fotomat. End America's war on film. Its just as obsolete
By all means lets finance another multi-billion dollar bill to pay healthcare for sick miners. Coal! Yeah!
Destructive, polluting, and outdated source of energy. Kind of like you
entire coal industry n USA is 70000 jobs. Over 90000 have ALREADY lost jobs in healthcare due to AHCA scare
Yeah more pollution from your twisted agenda
And the fletching industry is on a comeback as well! Windmills use steel, how about bolster old industries for new industry? #whosmansisthis
Now you can get on that "indoor plumbing" sorcery we've been hearing about too.
I pray for their health....
Coal that's the make America great again way. WTF
Yes, let's all celebrate more people contracting pneumoconiosis! Yay. It's a pre-existing condition too.  Big win as AHCA still not ready.
FAKE NEWS You know "plans for the mine’s opening were made well before Trump’s election." SAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
OBSCENE
Make steam powered locomotives great again next please!
Big step backwards for energy.  Nothing to be proud of!
Thank you again.Do you think you can push a mass replanting of Trees,Shrubbery and Flowers along Interstates HWYs&State waterway for Canopy
Taking America back to the 50s
Gee I sure hope James and Henry get a chance to do back-breaking, earth-killing, black-lung jobs like this when they grow up! The WORST.
From the out-of-touch #Moron-In-Chief #unfit2govern #unworthy2serve
Disaster for the environment!
"I really want to work in a coal mine!" -said no one, ever.

Renewables provide the next great job growth opportunity in history, especially in trades. #BeInconvenient http://ow.ly/zFlu30cng4B 
Wow more black lung disease!
Ridiculous.  Why not bring back leeches to the Dr. office and bucket squads to the fire department.  We need to get "Back To The Future"!
How many have closed? this is all hype and BS just like Trump
83,000 jobs lost and 400 mines closed under President BO.
Price of nat gas fell do to fracking. It's economics. But Trump evidently failed that course at Penn
Isn't price of natural gas still low?  Don't we also export coal?
Yes nat gas is low and it and automation is why coal jobs aren't coming back in any significance. Coal miners need to be retrained.
Trump is moving US backwards while the world moves forward. Cleaner energy sources are the future
And then once the health care gets passed black lung will be a preexisting condition the miners will lose health care or not qualify....
70 people.hired Trump I think you better get off your butt and do better than this!
Back to the 1800s we go! You the man Donny
Epic leap backward 
What is wrong with you? I'm genuinely asking.
When are you bringing back RadioShack?
Not sure coal mines are the future. Need to be careful in all this winning it's not the wrong races. 
@kylegriffin1
New long-term energy forecast shows the coal market is set to collapse worldwide by 2040 as solar and wind dominate.
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/coal-power_us_59441b0ae4b01eab7a2d6f48?ms …
MAGAMAN WINS!!!
Burn coal, build jobs! I stand with coal Miners!
Going back in the past I see, next we'll be seeing you wearing spandex and leg warmers from the 70s when you weren't old
Only backward Trumpers will deny the exsitance of Black Lung and Chlimate Change.

While saying Chemtrails are a real thing...
Taking us back - one century at a time
welcome to 1979! The deeds of old men effecting the lives of future's youth. Heart wrenching madness.
Mr. President, I've a great plan to reduce CO2 if you're interested. Simple,useful and cost neutral.
Let's bring back travel by covered wagons.  Seriously what the hell is going on?  Time to move forward not backwards in time!  Wise up!!!
It seems to me that one has hundreds of alternatives.. but doesn't have any idea how to implement them. A lost cause is no real solution.
More bullshit. @RepAnnWagner Why are you in favor of making Americans coal miners again? How about moving forward, not back to the 1920's.
His plan is to make Americans poorer and stupider. Why would anybody choose coal mining over a better and safer job or training?
On top of it, get rid of any protective regs that he can, eliminate millions of citizens' health care, & THEN send them back to the mines.
Lying, manipulative jerk. Sending people back into mines without adequate protective regs or health care is your sick idea of greatness?
This is just another way for you to destroy our country. Your "making America Great Again" is a cruel joke on the stupid.
Look to the future, not the past. Coal will die through progress despite your ill advised edict. Sad for the miners-this does not help them.
Great news! Great Tweet.
horrible news for our planet and for climate change coal is old solar is new get with the future
This happened on your birthday! They're killing your supporters! This Is War be very careful sir. You need to go on offensive
Hunh? Miners are workers. Great. But I dont appreciate how the president hasnt taken a stance on climate change while promoting coal.
You are supposed to be business savvy, one of your many self boasts. Would you invest your fortune in coal? Every dime? Or renewables?
Instead of talking up coal, Cohn praised natural gas as "such a cleaner fuel" and even talked up solar and wind power. That would Gary Cohn
Is it next to Blockbuster and Zayre?
Just when I think you cannot get any dumber... #NotMyPresident
What?  You didn't even try to take credit for something that was in the works for several years.?  Oh wait, you did try to sneak in there.
I just woke up, and it was the 19th Century!
To complainers; negative remarks do not solve issues.  Offer positive suggestions & sound solutions if you'd like our prez to hear you! 
Trump Error you mean?
why would we need that
Shame on you, bringing us backwards instead of forwards
Bring back the rotary dial phone too!!
These poor miners black lung....bring in new industry and train them #MakeAmericaSmartAgain #coal
Could you bring back the pager, the Polaroid & the rotary phone as well?? #BackwardsNotForwards
Big accomplishment- NOT
Fake news.
This is like bragging that you are bringing back the 8 track haha oh Lord help this man
It's creating meager 100 jobs and it was planned to open well before you became president.
You're opening a coal mine is this day & age?! And you're proud of that?! 
Permit pulled in 2013 did you know that?
Next on the docket... Montgomery Wards in every major city in the US! #TuesdayThoughts #Sessions #trumpcabinet #ImpeachTrump
@realDonaldTrump Why are you blocking #Vets?
70 jobs?  Not impressed
How many jobs? - automation takes ALL human processes. You Lie! renewables are where the jobs are. Coal = greed
My butter churn factory just opened,  near a candlestick maker, near the wharf where a whaling ship is docked.  So much winning!
Fantastic!
You are an embarrassment to the U.S.A.
Jobs, jobs, jobs!!!!! Thank you, Mr. President! Keep working!
Are you christening any new steamships? How about new buggy whip factories? 35mm camera film plants? Calculator factories?
Photo  does NOT AT ALL show us throngs of the newly employed...
Congratulations @realDonaldTrump you just increased the death rate of these Americans. This is reckless disregard for human life! #DumpTrump
Even msha says this is bullshit
Hooray that is great
Mu honor.walk with god god bless you
You may mine coal but Whois going to buy it?
Excellent, maybe we can rediscover steam power and workhouses next.
Does this mean we're getting Blockbuster back? What decade do you think this is you speck?
Dirty Fossil Fuels are dead, innovation and employment lies with Green energy sources now.
It was licensed LAST YEAR. But hey, I hear Fotomats are making a comeback too.
Its a small one.  Even coal executives say coal won't grow much.
why not train ppl in alternative energy so they can move forward instead of backwards? Coal is not viable!
Bring back the horse and buggy! Make America Medieval Again.
China's hiring 16M to work on renewable energy projects. You're giving welfare to a dying, polluting industry. Bad business.
#TrumpTweetTranslation 

Congratulations!

First New Gramophone Manufacturer of the Trump Era Opens in Pennsylvania

https://twitter.com/refee00/status/868640083657805825 …
Todo mal
Clean energy is the way of the future. Retrain employees into new jobs as coal is a dangerous dirty industry. #sad  #cleanenergy
Welcome back to the 19th century. Such big innovation.
Way to keep ancient tech going!  We'll just let China take us into the new energy age...Way to make America eh.....#drainthewhitehouse
Creating fewer jobs than the average grocery store. #trumplies #trumprussia
There's reasons they're shutting down- black lung, environmentally unsafe, sometimes they catch on fire for 40 years
We don't want to use coal.
Love, Pennsylvania
Okay....there's 50 jobs.  Way to go!!!!
Fake News!
Next up: bringing back black Smiths & horse and buggy please?
Horse and Carriage factory is next!
This is not something anyone should be happy about! The world is watching and will remember the despicable person you are!!
Too bad Senators & news is focused on your tweets & media taunts! Stop with the childishness & DO YOUR JOB! U r the President - act like it!
Under President BO, we ended up with over 43,000,000 out of work...so even putting 10 people back to work is a blesding for those 10
I have come to the conclusion that we can't believe the President, ANY politician elected or appointed that belongs to Independents, or
when will manufacturing of horse drawn buggies begin? #amishindustry
Congratulations on pollution and ruining land and going backwards in time. Future jobs belong in new renewable energy.
Hope the workers have health coverage.
Good our people  need jobs and energy.
Yeah 1850 all over again wohooooo
What are you going to bring back next, the beeper industry? Whale oil? Kerosene lamps?
Really???  Let's step back 50 years.
While U invest in the 19th Century the rest of us are moving on. US breaks record in wind and solar power energy
#makechinagreatagain!
Way to go Mr President congrats
Woohoo Black Lung is the new Black !! No health care for them either !!  America, land of Regression , home of the betrayed.  #putinsbitch
Dirty entergy alive again.  You should be so proud.
I hope Black Lung Disease is not a pre-existing condition.
Great! another generation of men with lung disease & broken bodies & more pollution of our environment! #Cleanenergy would create more #Jobs
