ANYONE in world @realDonaldTrump asks ANY Q should answer:"We'll have to do a larger trend analysis at a later date."
On whether climate change contributed to recent major hurricanes, Bossert says, "We'll have to do a larger trend analysis at a later date." 
You can also consider impacts of throwing nukes into the sky at your enemies to what that does to warming planet earthquakes and disasters.
@gnomeoffender 

We'll have to do a larger trend analysis at a later date.
He got passed your Muslim ban? Ninja
Why would they hunt down atheist? It is proven more peaceful then most religious ppl. Js I don't get it.
Well it looks like Europe is suffering now. I don't know how we will battle them bc they just keep allowing them in
It's crazy how many were allowed in under obama and took senate seats now a few mayors slowly but quickly slipping in! Ny now prayer call
We don't approve our Malaysia PM using our Employees Provident Funds to make USA great again.
Did you ask him how $1billion suddenly appeared in his personal accounts when he was in charge of the countries wealth fund?
Plz update urself old man. That 1 billion is the money from Saudi's gov
Sir 
 Shri narendra modi. indian BJP govt. is bad behavior in indian public
Please help indian farmor. Poor. Contrectual employee.
#saveMPW

Academy Award Winner: James COMEY
END DACA NOW!!!
50% of all babies in US are born on Medicaid.
Hard working Americans are paying for other people's babies.
#IceRaids 
http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2017/09/trump-met-with-malaysias-prime-minister-today-fun-fact-theyre-both-under-federal-investigation/ …  

Birds of a Feather!  

#Resist
#RussiaGate 
#Impeachment
Prime Minister of Malaysia is well aware that Evil Incanate @GeorgeSoros collapsed the Malaysian Ringgit , Thai Bhat #AsianEconomicCollapse
thank u Sir for welcoming our Prime Minister...
And it's a great honor to announce that you just cost two GOP seats ha ha!
Hey #FakePresident, remember this guy? History repeats itself.
You discussed real estate projects with him?
#Trump
$4.5 billion of US money were misappropriated by Malaysia not a piep about it.
You mean the guy accused of massive embezzlement and corruption? How much are you profiting while he stays at your hotel? Shame.
#Unethical
Shut up. #liar #traitor #thief #hater # Please at least try to contain your mess domestically. The rest of the world hates you.
Von, while people Worldwide resent #USA government for being hypocritical, they don't personally hate #DonaldTrump or previous #USPresidents
Uh no. As I lifelong international traveler I can postively say the world specifically loathes Trump. He is an international embarrassment.
It amazes me how much work President Trump gets done each day! And he seems to enjoy it! What a breath of fresh air from the Obama years!
They're coming for you #traitortrump #TrumpRussia
I think you meant to say, "I'm going to prison for treason because I'm #traitortrump"
Why was WH entertaining Putin's girlfriend? Oh that's right-she's good friends w/yr daughter. Traitors! All of you. #25thAmendmentNow
You certainly have a lot in common, what with you both being crooks under investigation.  Hope you gave him the stay & play room rate.

Watch the crooked hand as he extends it...tainted with Malaysian money and now laundering in USA.  Have u no decency?  Wallow in the slime?
Did you lie to them, liar?
Jgn lupa Presiden cukup anti Muslim !
Did he advise you to #Resign as well? Good call.
Wth
Was it a great honour for you to get all their money at trump hotel??
Did you ask him to put the money he 'borrowed' back into the state coffers?
Everyone knows the trump presidency is collapsing
Mr. President
I think that You should see clearly the crisis on Rakhine state in Mya . They{Bangali } r terrorists not refugees .
RUSSIAN TRAITOR. and I am sure thats just the surface of it ..
I second that. Russia is only the tip of his shitberg.
When will Trump Tower Malaysia open ?
G-D Bless you President Trump 
Indeed it was! The PM helped MAGA with funds M'sia can ill afford to squander on luxuries while households struggle to put food on tables.
TRIANGULATION IS STRANGULATION ON THE FORGOTTEN WHO ARE STILL WAITING FOR JOBS !!!  Politization is another word for theft & corruption!!!
YOULL NEVER GIVE THEM ENOUGH - clear the decks - means prosecuting beta wolf !!!  Only way to lose US from economic death trap ! Seriously 
WHOS HOLDING HANDS WITH THE FAT WOLF - the opium ladden ruthlessness of pre-admins is worse than we think REPUBS ARE STUPID OR FAKE!
APPEARS STUPID & FAKE ARE SYNONYMOUS IN THIS CASE !  Comey is the fruit of culmination of the worst of the worst ON both sides of the isle 
CLINTON SHUT DOWN CERTIAN OPPERATIONAL OFFICE WITH WORKERS ON COMPUTERS AND BACKROOM MED DEVICES - while other opps in progress- BENGHAZI 
DO NOT SET FOOT IN HUNTSVILLE, ALABAMA FOR ANY REASON, ESPECIALLY NOT TO SUPPORT CORRUPT POLITICIAN LUTHER FUCKING STRANGE! #NotWelcome
Great....@ http://kiliedutravel.com/packages.html 
President Trump I voted for you and I trust you like no other president in my lifetime.  Keep up the good work, sir.  God Bless You
All these propaganda videos are shots of Trump and nobody else.  Every single video.  #Mueller #MuellerTime
Yes  2020  trump for president  and next 8 year  and my score 498viewmillion for president donald trumps  usa lets
GOOD NIGHT BROTHER @POTUS AND @realDonaldTrump 
THE CITY NAPLES OF FLORIDA NEEDS ELECTRICITY ,
PLEASE HELP @IvankaTrump ...¡¡¡
HOW LONG CAN WE KEEP SPENDING WHEN WE R 20 TRILLION IN DEPT? AT THIS POINT, SHOULD WE KEEP SPENDING  when we borrow the money we spend?
Mr Trump,why duya believe the coca crops have increased 200%+ in Colombia? Simple and Real, santos & farc are partners in the drug business!
He's corrupt and under investigation just like you.
Building great relationships with our Allies strengthens the pillards of hope, Thank you Sir
You mean the one whose delegation is renting out Trump Hotel DC and whose family is primary investor is Trump Hotel Vancouver? #Emoluments
Wht is d diff btwn Trump & Obama in sponsoring Nigeria islamic govt to wipe off Biafrans.

Crook meet thief, thief meet crook.
You embarrass us every time your lips move. RESIGN NOW
Don't let Derek zoolander near him
Your the best fam
Omg your the fan girl for life
japan is already takeovered korean cult,and that menber infiltrate to even police,so korean make money by fraud against japanese.
Forget your honors and give us power back in florida. Rick Scott is an inept!!!!... no FPL on site!
Hey when are you gonna invite me to the whitehouse?? I promise we'll play NHL and do late night McD's runs and other bro stuff!!
Save Rohingya Arakan in Myanmar
please Mr president you got to do something because Nigeria president is killing the Biafras
Nearly US$700 million (RM2.6 billion) was moved from 1Malaysia Development Bank into Najib's personal bank accounts, NICE!!

YES! Dems pick up *another* GOP seat in NH special tonight. Won 56-44 in seat Trump carried 56-39—a 28-point swing! http://dkel.ec/2xwclp4  

Good morning Mir president.
PKK=PYD=YPG is terror organisation. You can be our allie since you are supporting this terror organisation. Get out of Incirlik!...
#locktrumpup
Nice

@CNN Nigeria government is trying short down
the net works in #biafranland .the world should take note
of this
Father and son of God is behind you mr trumpic of democracy and watch me in s.a  tour and am a friend of the holy spirit and my lord Jesus 0
MO1 ?
Malaysia need new F18F
Nigeria Armies are killing innocent unarmed Biafran civilians and invading the house of the Leader of IPOB Nnamdi Kanu.
Lol
i know right what the fuck
The music even screams "help me"
Why would you want to have that crook in the WH? Do you even know anything about him. I lived in Malaysia. Not good man
President Trump, please remove our 30,000 military force from South Korea peninsula. That will send a clear message to North Korea & China.
Malaysia should accord Donald Trump the title DATUK...so it's called DATUK DONALD TRUMP ! SIMPLY BRILLIANT
These are the dumbest videos @WhiteHouse you think cute short videos with fluffy music are gonna make us forget the travesty happening? NO!!
President Trump, please ask Najib why Malaysia is controlled by the corrupt Chinese Official-Meng Jianzhu? What did Meng do to crash MH370?
Mr. President, would like you to remember your theme song when comes to DACA. You can't always get what you want #NoAmnesty
Another so called leader who cracks down on peaceful free speech. No wonder you like him.  https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/10/12/malaysia-crackdown-free-speech-intensifies …  #corrupt
YESSSSSSS ONE COUNTRY CLOSER TO SINGAPORE
Huhu
Mr Trump, first you have to lead people around you, after that you can lead the world. You are most unliked President of US history.
"We do Love you Mr President Trump",
I give this video a D+.
请川普先生长久地让美国强大起来！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！
.rule n.1 on good meeting posture: don't cross your arms
Bye, bye Bombardier! Don't think Whitehall will be seeing a penny of its £113m "investment"  #AmericaFirst
tq USA..
fuck you .
Paul Ryan is from Wisconsin's 1st district... time to hold a massive rally there, and erode his RESISTANCE!
When Republicans stand in your way, in OUR way... take the case directly to THEIR voter base, erode them, take away their backstabbing!
REMEMBER! => Republicans were READY for a shooting war with the Democrats, and still are! We voted for you to lead us, not sell us out!
Just remember, we asked YOU to lead our counter revolution to stop the Marxist take over of U.S., 63 million are ready to roll out!
Democrats again, are willing to be at war with your voter base... just give the order, we'll lock and load and take back America... again!
Well,  as one authoritarian to another, I bet it was a good meeting.  Resign,we don't want these kind of foreign allies.
#1MDB fraud

Muslim fanatic
真牛B，你能看到我说话么？

It was a great honor to welcome Prime Minister Najib Abdul Razak of Malaysia & his distinguished delegation to my Trump Hotels yesterday! $!
It was a great honor to have Gen.Kelly tweet something that sounded presidential, from my account today!
Mr. President, would u like 2 miraculously guarantee ur re-election? Give Equifax the severe penalty & reform/secure consumer credit system.
HILLARY IS BETTER, ORANGE MAN
Did you spell all those names correctly? All by yourself?  #FireSarah
trump is a traitor to our country, who colluded with our enemies for his own gain.  He is going to jail, we insist on it.
The evidence is circumstantial  but overwhelming we have a traitor as President.

Please share this fact.
Did you offer any help in finding #MH370
Great honor meeting with one of the most corrupt leader on earth?  Stealing millions from his own people takes one to know one I guess...
Thanks #Trump
Najib is the most corrupt politician living today. And he has killed off whoever knew his deepest secrets.
So he now puts his meetings to music? #NuttierThanAFruitcake

Judge Napolitano Explains Why AG Sessions Is Making "Terrible Decision" Not Prosecuting Hillary Clinton (VIDEO) http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/09/judge-napolitano-explains-ag-sessions-making-terrible-decision-not-prosecuting-hillary-clinton-video/ …
Resign
U n
God Bless and PROTECT our President, family and staff!!    

Sign your name to stand with President Trump and support action on our broken tax system today: http://45.wh.gov/4vQv86  
Discussions on the SWEATSHOPS YOUR DAUGHTER HAS IN MALAYSIA? More trademarks? #Cons #Scammers
so does this mean your reconsidering the pan pacific accord trade deal?
Nigeria army heading to Nnamdi Kanu's home with assorted APC and machine guns
KEEP WE THE PEOPLE INFORMED. DRAIN THE SWAMP OF ELITE ESTABLISHMENT RHINOS . #MAGA
Nice to have someone invited to the White House that is being investigated by the states, smh......
OMG!
Congratulation both of u..
@VP @FoxNews @CNN okay, here comes my concerns, & I in WI voted for you. In honor of ALL the people in FL, The Keys, Virgin Islands,etc.


Thank you so much Mr President.
It's always about $$ 
Malaysian corrupt PM would double to 50 number of 737 planes it plans to buy from Boeing over 5 years
#impeachTrumpnow
Now say his name and spell it without a cheat-sheet.
Lol. AKA "The guy under Justice Department investigation"? Seriously, who schedules your day? Probably someone related to you, we know.
Come visit us in Pelican Bay-Naples, FL.
PRO TIP: spend less time making movies of yourself and more time governing our country
An honor? This man is a criminal. Oh right. Birds of a feather.
Is that WHY Malaysia Lost MH_370 MH_17?
The NeWOBanker Mafia was Vindictive because
Malaysia CONVICTED G Bush, and 8 Aides for WAR CRIMES.!
Wonderful @POTUS !
Great
Realize the entire world sees you as "nothing", a nobody, a laughable attempt to sit atop it. Earn no respect, and get none. Liar/thief.
私が厚生労働省のハローワークに登録できるように厚生労働省に働きかけて下さい。私と日本の精神障害者全員助けて下さい。どうかお願いします。私にハローワークを登録する医者の許可がおりるように助けて下さい。日本の厚生労働省に、ハローワークに精神障害者が簡単に登録できるように助けて下さい。

https://twitter.com/AmericanHotLips/status/907943444802392064 …
President Trump I can understand why we were in debt when we plan our own money and why we don't have free healthcare
Could you please teach me tell me inform me of what how it works
While Irma was raging the racist @POTUS was polishing the boots of PM Najib?  Priorities don't matter in ongoing WH chaos. @CNN @nytimes
Discussing the pros/cons of orange vs. striped prison jumpsuits. (Stripes are slimming, Donnie, and orange would clash with your skin tone).
Having this man at the WH and him staying at your hotel is completely shady. It's funny that the law you say you care so much about
He thinks you're stupid
Check out this video on YouTube:

Did you compare notes on your investigations?
How much money did they launder for you?  Just wondering.
Shut upp!!!!!!!!!!!!
I request to Muslim ommah
Don't go to white house to discuss the problems of Muslims. Don't tell them STOP KILLING OF the innocent Muslims
for the first time i RT trump tweet bcuz i respected my PM
How many business deals do you have in Malaysia right now?
Ok! We look fierce and body language is VERY defensive Donny! @realDonaldTrump  #POTUS
pretty flowers ....bad body language
Over-thinking ruins you. Ruins the situation, twists things around, makes you worry and just makes everything much worse than it actually is

I miss the #HokeyKokey #handshake..
Good
My President!!
Hope you didn't embarrass us too badly.
Please Donald please ditch Mitch now, he sabotaged health care and will sabotage OUR agenda, please please please Donald. Your fired Mitch.

They aren't white Europeans, they qualify 4 affirmative action
DACA makes new class of people, beating our kids not on merit but 'diversity'

Our whole life we were taught to not have babies unless we can afford them,meanwhile we pay for our replacements
#DC https://twitter.com/NetworksManager/status/854688670892388352 …
