You have no friends, @realDonaldTrump. #canada150
Come on, Jeffrey, that isn't true. He is great friends with Putin.
I stand corrected.
Day in the life of a verified liberal
Putin's not really his friend. He's just using him 2 get the test answers. Never sits w/him at lunch or says hi in the halls. FAKE friend.
The "Russia" hoax collapsed months ago. 
Flynn has flipped. Sorry to break the news to you but he's on borrowed time now.
That's completely false. 
Romans 10:9
that if you #confess with your #mouth the #LordJesus and believe in your #heart that #God [1/2]
Take this crap to church with you. The man has never attended, nor does he believe.
That person has got to be a bot. Posts these same memes every time 45 tweets.
We love our friends to the north! Thank you for all you do right here in our country Mr President!   
Like insult women, disabled, veterans, immigrants, blacks, latinos. Kill the environ. Take our healthcare away, etc. Yes thanks, putz!
When a woman insults him repeatedly she only got the equality she keeps screaming for. Can't play woman's card when you cry for equality! !!
Trump is the President of the United States. He can destroy the planet w/nuclear weapons.There is no equality with that. He needs restraint.
They need restraint!  Only take lies and trash journalism so long before a person explodes and fights back. These attacks on him r over top.
Hey can I get invited to the pity party?
No pity party at republican side. It's democrats crying' not fair I was ugly to him & he actually fought back boohoo'
Pretty sure the pity party was strong with GOP while a black man sat in ofc for 8 yrs GOP & fox did all they could to deligitimise Obama
You know no one likes you, right? That's not being mean, that's an actual fact. Sad!
Over 8k likes at the moment... and he CARRIED ohio, PA, AND Mich!  That equates to a landslide victory. Hillary still hasn't dug her way out
Just as he buys followers, also purchasing "likes" doesn't justify a thing.
Imagine for a second that it's not all about "ratings"...
I love Jen's post and now she has 20 likes 
You're welcome 
I don't think you guys are friends...
THESE are friends...
Holy cow. Look at the size of their hands.
Trump doesn't shake hands with women. Disrespectful.
He only grabs them by their p#ssy. 
Misogyny is the name of his game.
Mary Drumpf would be so proud...
He's saying happy birthday to the prime minister of Canada and you still have to crap on him...
Canada does seem HAPPY when considering us here in the US.  And Trudeau is not your friend...
I bet this gets under your skin, huh?
If I was Melania I'd move to Canada for sure!
Save Melania!!
Do they have @TiffanyAndCo stores in Canada ?
...with hot security guards?
But would she have to start making soft open again for a living.
*loves Canada, until he snaps and builds a wall preventing Canadians from entering his country*
It's more likely that the Canadians will build a wall to keep themselves safe from Trump's debacle.
No need for a wall - u elected the biggest deterrent.
Pretty sure Canada might consider paying for it.
Before you build that wall take all of the libtard nut jobs. They need to be with people like themselves!!
Being $o rich Comrade Hamster Hands needs should pay  4 move
I would gladly help him just to get you libtards out.
Just as I thought full of BS just like tRUMP CRICKETS
He despises you. And he thinks you're fat.
Yes you can, Ana.
It's awkward when you think of someone as your friend, but they would never think of you as a friend in a million years. Huh?
Trump's sucking up to Trudeau because Ivanka wants to bang him.

Looks like a Chanel ad. She wants him, but how? Chanel No.5!

#HappyCanadaDay #Canada150 
Stay strong @JustinTrudeau
 #PMbae 
 I needed that laugh! Who wants to break the news that he isn't his friend?
Didn't he call him Joe once too?
No,  @PressSec called him #JoeTrudeau 
While western feminists complain about Trump revealing Brzezinski's facelift here is what US bombs have been doing to girls' faces in Yemen.
Which action is more presidential? Helping Saudi Arabia kill one child every 10 minutes in #Yemen or tweeting about Mika's face-lift?
if your are a baby!  or an infant ! Living in #yemen .. You are a target for the #Saudis war planes .. No One Is Save from these criminals!
Obama's cowardly policies started all this...
He is gone ... 6 months now
George W. started TWO wars in the Middle East and we can't seem to extricate ourselves from Republican failures.
This is worded like the prime minister and Justin Trudeau are not the same person. Stop texting from the toilet.
I bet Trudeau gagged when he saw that Trump called him his "new found friend."
I'm just shocked it was not a hateful, rude, crazy tweet, like 45 normally does.
Probably one of his staff members tweeted it, to make there was nothing offensive/nutty/stupid/libelous in it.
Yep Happy Canada Day to all the Canadians out there. (We know you secretly want to be Americans :-)


"We don't care where you're from or what religion you practice or who you love. You are all welcome in Canada."
Even Americans?
Many have invited me!
he can't stand your ass
plus Obama got @JustinTrudeau in the divorce.
I think Obama got ALL the world leaders in the divorce. Except, of course, Putin.
Happy Canada Day. @JustinTrudeau is a much better leader than Trump is. Watch till the end.

YO ASS IS THICC BRUH YOU SHOULD WORKOUT LIKE PM TRUDEAU
Trump's the ugliest mothafucka in this world for real lmao
What kills me is that he expects women in his life to maintain figure and he keeps spreading like a blob.
Who read it for you?
COVFEFE
He doesn't like you.
@realDonaldTrump, I REALLY don't think @JustinTrudeau likes you at all. @BarackObama
He doesn't like you
And we don't like you either. :)
. @JustinTrudeau is like

What is WRONG with you???
You've alienated most of our allies, now you're pretending you can be civil? Resign. Do NOT go to Russia. You are not intelligent enough
That is a false statement
You are EITHER a Christian OR a trump supporter
You are EITHER a patriot OR a trump supporter
Conservative is fine
but Never trump
Too bad Trudeau doesn't seem to be a big fan of you. No surprise there as us Canadians pride ourselves on our beautiful land #Canada150
Come to think of it, don't you have a grudge against us and our dairy farmers? We want to support Canadian industry. #RedAndWhite
I think you're only pretending to be Trudeau's friend so that you can get rid of him. After all, your crush seems to like him a lot #Incest.
Or maybe @IvankaTrump is too old for you now and you want to kidnap your "new friend" so you can give him to her #SpoiledBrat
All in all, #CanadaStandsWithAmerica, but we do so against your tyranny #TrueNorthStrongAndFree #Canada150 #RedAndWhite150
In May, you called @JustinTrudeau “an embarrassment” and a “terrible president”. You were obviously talking about yourself. You're demented.

Republicans are leaving too. But that's pretty funny!

Worst case, he ends up serving 4, he's def not going to win in 2020 lmfao
#Trump2020  #DealWithIt


Thank you President Trump! However, #Trudeau is not your friend he openly dislikes you. He's a traitor to both of our countries #Canada150
Effie speaks the truth Pres. Trump, but I believe you already know it! Political games are ok,but he won't be around that long!
Happy President Trump Day! We love you every day!
We need Trudeau to love you like Modi!
#JustinTrudeau Pictured here with a real President

We miss you @BarackObama

@JustinTrudeau we're sorry-the majority didnt vote for Trump 
So jealous of you, Canada! 

You are too gracious. He is our Obama.
Justin beiber would make a better PM. Oh wait. Nevermind.
Probably on part for intellectual prowess. Also, both only use seems to be selfies.
I don't think Beiber would be as destructive
He's more into crash and burn of his own career rather than endangering lives
He has at least a million new voters. Probably much more,  between now and 2019. C-33 + C-6 = very uphill battle. Pure genius. Soros genius
Justin?  You mean Mr. Ramadan? 
Lmao at Justin from Canada

Thirsty
Trudeau is making deals with American cities and states because he knows that dealing with you and your administration is impossible.
real u.s. people are refugees (in our hearts) from Trouble Dumps madness.
Justin Trudeau has a 61% approval rating. You have a 38% approval rating. Maybe take a cue from your "newfound friend" and act with decency.
Just released today by Forum Research, Trudeau has a 42% approval rating.  So....
Trudeau has brought us near historic debt and framed Canada as a country that has no values. Except a bunch of silly slogans.
1. U have a net sum of 0 friends
2. Trudeau is way too classy to be ur friend
3. Is English your 1st language?

#CanadaDay
#SaturdayMorning
Thanks for all the laughter your tweets bring to our family almost daily, the best clown in town!
Thanks. Now apologize to women for your awful statements.  Our leader is a proud #feminist
I don't want him to recognize us at all. Everything coming out of his mouth is tainted.
They're very happy.  They have no medical bills to worry about.  #healthcare #SinglePayer
Canadian Trump Supporter here 
You have the time to wish Canadiens a Happy Canada Day for couldn't find a moment to acknowledge Gay Pride Month?

Bigoted dog whistle.
Canadiens are the hockey team.... We're Canadians. ;-)
@therealLAVALLEE did you see your 'well-wishes' from our's truly??
Lmao. I did. I also saw this:
Happy Canada Day! #Canada150 
Y'all are so lucky!!!!
I agree. We are very fortunate to have compassionate, loving, & accepting leader. I just wish you guys had one too.
We will again. This isn't the end of it. I LOVE how Canadians are so engaged with our plight! Thank you!
No prob. For those of us with ties to the US, the fight is very personal. We realize that this isn’t a national crisis, it’s a global crisis
We are in this together! 
Trudeau be like
BFFs http://www.businessinsider.com/trump-trudeau-us-canada-trade-call-2017-4 …
He's not gonna kiss you
New phone. Who's this? - JT
When @JustinTrudeau sees this tweet

Sir, he is no friend to us. A younger version of Obummer. @Andromodid
A scary version of Obummer... He's a creepy little tyran ...
His mom was promiscuous. Who knows?! He may be the son of #Fidel.
Ivanka finally worked out the password did she? 
Maybe you guys can hang out more. I think he could be a good influence.
Not a Chance, Trudeau has sold out Canadians. He does not put Canada first, and has put us at risk with his open borders.
For some reason, #Americans who have never been to #Canada or met #Trudeau or understand any of his policies believe he's some type of God.
We have a lot of people here that think Trump is some sort of God that can do no wrong. He even thinks that.
#PresidentTrump is not a God, & I believe that at times he can be wrong. However, I want him to succeed, because that means we succeed. 
He stepped into a position he is unable to handle, walk away with dignity and let someone else with grace, integrity do the job
People say he can't handle it. US businesses disagree. Stock market up 17%+. He has been able to work with China vs NK, never done before.
No baby, he works with China because they give his daughter hundreds of trademarks.People can't afford to have home, car, insurance,food
Do you know where Alberta is? Our PM doesn't. Wanna claim us?
That's fine. We can switch. Come live with the orange embarrassment and I'll go live with the human being who has a brain.
I very much doubt Trudeau's IQ is higher than Trump's. I very much doubt Trudeau is above average. You obviously know little about him.
Let's be real here...a rock has a higher IQ than Trump. Listen to him speak...it has nothing to do with left or right, just lack of brains.
Success is a good way to determine IQ. You can't argue his success. Trudeau can barely get a sentence out. He's nothing but a prop.
What is Trump's success? I missed that. He built businesses and went bankrupt 4 times. He attacks other human beings who aren't orange men.
And to add to that...Trump can't spell or speak. He can barely form a word. Example: Bigly? Covfefe?
He's also unscripted much of the time until the left criticized it, which is a shame. Apparently the left are a fan of fake scripted puppets
No one invited you.
This is a Real President..A love for Animals unlike you and your Killer sons..

And their national health care
Which is soooooo good right?
Nah, just better than the one in America
These are Canadian politics, Mr. Trump. Do yourself, your country and the world a favour, and learn from us.
Trudeau is RUINING CANADA
Because he has a different agenda compared to your president's?
Because justin is running Canada to the ground in his pursuit of his self image
Because of immigration?
Totally.
I second that!! No one likes you Donald 
Mr Pres. Canada had become anti Christian, they are not our friends!!!!!!!!
Yes:  we are secular.   We have separation of church and State.  Stay away from us!


As a Canadian I just want to say you scare the hell out of me and are an enemy of democracy.
#NoBanDvLottery2017
Please do.

HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!! awww, he thinks Justin is his friend. So glad Justin has class and would never be insulting...
Don't waste your time with our communist loving #ManChildPM @JustinTrudeau
You know he hates you, laughs at you behind your back! Everybody does!
On behalf of all Canadians, I'll say what the PM can't: Bouche-la, petites mains nique ta mère, tabarnak de câlisse!  #ResistTrump
Delete this
You have no friends in Canada. 
You've confused "Newfoundland" and "newfound friend" again. Review definition of "friend." You have none. Twitter followers don't count.
Trudeau??? He is giving 10 million to a cockroach muzzie that killed a US soldier
Friend? Justin Trudeau has way too much class to consider you to be anything other than the fool you are.
Funny Trumpy cuz I am visiting Canada right now and you are the laughing stock here 
He hates you.
Thank you President Trump! Trudeau is ruining Canada like Obama did with your country. He's Soros puppet. He is not my Prime Minister!
i hate you so much, donald, aka 'dirty d' to my friends
Ok I have always supported you but I may have to reconsider. Trudeau is no friend of any one's and he can shove his DIVERSITY BS
FYI, who you claim to be your personal friends or enemies is of no interest whatsoever to anyone with a brain. Policy isn't transactional.
If @JustinTrudeau is your "friend" & CDNs great folks then:
STOP extorting CDN banks via #FATCA & stealing CDN assets via US citizen tax'n.
I think you've misunderstood. We love Poutine. That's fries, gravy, and cheese curds. Not your boo Vlad.
Justin hates you
True story 
(I have a feeling that Mr. Trudreau also feels sorry for USA, in the kindest of ways. He's fucking awesome like that)
Omg Justin Trudeau hates you so much.
We all do.
This is what two great leaders look like
So where are the 2 great leaders I see an asshat and a race baiter
2 Leaders whom speak eloquently and spread messages of compassion rather than hate; who support racial minorities, LGBTQ, women, etc
Two leaders who support regimes that deny and hate everything you just mentioned....
... What are you talking about?
Justin Trudeau is a horrible PM and globalist Marxist. Why on earth would you consider him a friend?
Trudeau is a Moron....he "Conveniently" forgot ALBERTA when reciting the list of provinces in hid national speech.

You have disgraced us Justin Trudeau all the generations that have fought and built this country we will not allow you to keep ruining us 
a total disgrace
He's not your friend. He thinks you're a buffoon, the same way most Americans think you're a buffoon.
@realDonaldTrump has an imaginary friend. Time to invoke #25thAmendment. #25thAmendment #25thAmendment. #25thAmendment #25thAmendment
Watch your back with jt...
Newfound****
thanks bro
I was hoping you had actually tweeted 'Happy Canada Day Alberta'. Someone created a false meme saying you tweeted that. Haha!
Liberal University Plans to Remove Bibles and Crosses From Their Chapel http://truthfeed.com/liberal-university-plans-to-remove-bibles-and-crosses-from-their-chapel/87309/ … via @truthfeednews
On behalf of all Canadians and @JustinTrudeau......Screw off Cheeto Mussolini.  #CanadaDay150+1
If Trudeau is being nice to you it's only because that's what we Canadians do. Be nice to others. You should try it.
Go fuckyourself Donny
Canada  small india
A reminder for you:
He hates you, you fool!
#TrumpOnlyTweetsFakeNews
#25thAmendmentNow 
#conman
#PUPPET
No one likes you.
@POTUS 
Happy 4th of July  to our best friend & neighbor 
May  continue to work together for #Freedom #Fairness #Equality #Inclusion
Such a 'political friendship' doubt that Justin can stand you
@JustinTrudeau you might need a Silkwood shower after reading Orange Hitler's tweet about you
He's not your friend. He tolerates you. Along with the majority of humanity. We have no choice. You're an embarrassment.
Why do you keep calling everyone your friend they don't like you
I'm real sorry but you're gonna have to go ahead and realize he's not your friend. He's just polite to assholes.
This is Presidential ...Like @BarackObama. Not you..You ignore our #LGBTQ.
LEAVE THEM ALONE TRUMP
Haha!! He can't stand you! Lies, lies , and more lies.
W-e-l-l-l-l, @POTUS had to say that...just being polite to the cray-cray neighbor next door.
UnClean Hands LIAR Racist Crook Trump Learn From Prime Minister Trudeau!  @CNN @JudicialWatch @JudiciaryDems @UN 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VZw6EVQhL-Y …
Applause To Prime Minister Of Canada! @AngelaMerkeICDU @theresa_may @EmmanuelMacron @Pontifex @SenateGOP @SenateDems Inclusion Not Exclusion
Nice. Very presidential. Defies MSM/LIB narrative. Libs will be apoplectic & unhinged, lol.
thank you Sir , and a Happy 4th of July to you and your great country.
FFS why can't you just spontaneously combust. Best wishes from Iceland TrumplThinskin.
Donald, Trudeau is not your friend or our friend.
He's gonna talk shit on you at the  Nat Gov Assoc.
@JustinTrudeau
Gee did not not to long ago talk crap about us #Canadians new found friend?
I am lost for words
We Canadians don't want your congrats. And like all world leaders, JT holds his nose when he talks to you, and laughs behind your back.
Keep tweeting we love u and ur tweets!
Thank you president Trump and thank you for remembering that Alberta is part of Canada unlike our stupid PM who completely ignored them!!!
He's not your friend. Like every other world leader he thinks your a joke and a menace to democracy and society
Nick are you friends with both these guys in the circles you run these days?
Please don't confuse politeness with friendship.
Tudy is a traitor to his country.
You know, something about the difference in your beliefs tells me he isn't your friend. Stop trying to act like you have everyone's support
Happy Canada day Mr. President from Alberta.
#Canada HATES you.  They are too nice to say it.  I'm from NY, so I'm used to hearing people say you are SLIME.  #JustinTrudeau
He's not your friend or Canadians he's Soros friend but thanks for wishing us Canadians that.
Meeting someone once does not mean you are friends... #lonelypresident #nofriends
LMAO and so is @JustinTrudeau!!
Canadians  HATE you!
this is funny
Mag1n3
Meanwhile...in real life
Thank you, merci beaucoup, marsé, for your kind words.
#Canada150
#Canada  best friends & neighbors #USA 
 Here's a little #Canada150 gift for you!
 Download & share  http://bit.ly/2rZwwF7 
#ExploreCanada 
 can't stand u SO MUCH that the Canadian immigration website crashed when u stole the election! & I keep asking to borrow @JustinTrudeau!
Who laughs at you every chance they get, which is all the time!
New found friend? It's obvious he cannot stand you. You are truly delusional #45
Most Canadians think youre disgusting and an embarrassment to your country.Trudeau isnt your friend.He just knows how to be a diplomat.
Not sure if that friendship is reciprocal.
Justin isn't your friend, Phat Boy.
would you call @realDonaldTrump your friend?
He loathes you and so do I. #NotMyPresident #Resign
I can't help but notice that @JustinTrudeau didn't return your best friend regards today. #IndependenceDay #Awkward
They hate you, you know. So do we!
