still name calling - useless and pathetic
Another one bites the dust. #Trumpfail

Nobody care about your friend. You need to do the same and leave the White House. Take your hate for people with you.
Great to work with a guy who is destroying the country you ran to run? Screw you, traitorous fraud.
And down you go! #ImpeachTrump
If you don't want @realDonaldTrump to show up somewhere, just threaten to boycott.  Lmao.  He'll act like he wasn't coming anyway.
Steve's Service has just started Mr. President. As If U didn't know. Lets Rock n Get R Done. T Swamp is being exposed n t LMSM is imploding.
From the Fake President.
Lol
I stand with President Trump! 
Fuck right off you piece of shit liar.
Sir, you are not representing the United States with any Dignity whatsoever..Stop Berating and attacking @HillaryClinton , she is a citizen
This is why you don't swim with sharks, he is going to smoke your ass now that he is gone, he played you...Mr Dealmaker
Resign! You're a digrace to the United States of America!

Sad to see such a great couple braking up. What are you going to do with your treasonous kids? 50/50?
Lol fire yourself
#eatmyshorts
Wow, crooked Hillary again? Sounds like someone wants the media off his back about Charlottesville
Steve Bannon said your presidency is over. True.
AT&T will soon Crush CNN
Unfortunately he supported a moron.
Trump just can't quit Hillary. He's just so in love apparently. She doesn't like you. You're not smart enough and your dinghy is too small.
Hey Don,
Only fellow traitors like you. doesn't. I bet your family doesn't even like you. You should try to spend some quality time before prison
You think you'll last a year from now? I bet you won't.....#ImpeachTrump
Right now there are 77000 voters in MI WI & PA that would welcome Hillary back big time loser
Sr Presidente,32 millones de Venezolanos,estamos esperando que su gobierno actúe,contra cuatros delincuentes que estan asesinando al pueblo,
Can we thank you soon? The worst president ever! Greetz from europe
You won't be Thanking him after Breitbart Declares 'War on Trump'.  You know who will be thanking him?  Hillary Clinton!
RETWEET If You Believe Gorka Should Be Fired
He blocked me.
Best President Ever!  #MAGA
But he hasnt done anything except creating chaos? What are his achievements? (Dont give me jobs or stockmarket, they are linear since obama)
Improved security, removal of transgender in military, holding the press accountable for facts
Transphobic, eh? I wonder why that is. .  Usually people who are homophobic are secretly gay so. .  Don't worry, it is our little secret.
Talk to me.  Where did you come up with a fear of trans people?  Show me that.
バノン氏が辞任を取りやめることはないのでしょうか？
奇跡を願っています。
Too bad that Steve Bannon now knows your deepest, darkest secrets, and he is "waging war"!
Haha still spreading BS Ed?
Now He can Do even More for Our Country being on The Outside Go Trump & Bannon America 1st!!
There is noone more crooked than you are buddy.
And now he's drilling your YUGE ORANGE ASS 
This tweet aged well.
So is Steve Bannon a good guy or a bad guy. You can’t seem to make up your mind! Here’s your tweet from 8-18-17. #Trump
Used to be great, now sloppy? #fireandfurybook #gorillachannel
You won't be thanking him when he starts to squeal to the New Yorker!  He will treat you like you treat others. SAD!
OMG great prediction lol
You are Bannon's dummy.

This tweet vs your recent Sloppy Steve tweets are interestingly contradictory of each other & ass kisser Stephen Miller trying to throw Bannon under the bus even more on CNN, all bc the Fire & Fury book exposed what we already knew? #SAD
I never thought I would support Bannon but gotta read that book ! Hey Donald want read it with me ! In the situation room !?
Get those bots out again...you look stupid.
35% approval 76% will not desert
Does the S stand for Sloppy?
#SloppySteve 
In politics that was a lifetime ago Next
ANOTHER WHOOPER LIE. BANNON WORKED FOR CAMBRIDGE ANALYTICAL AND THE CEO SAID YOU ALL TALKED ALL THE TIME
Thanking the KKK once again...you just don't get it...
But he's the Least Racist Person. He said so himself, it has to be true. (sarcasm)
Oh, how time changes the narrative!
My cat would make a better president than you, and she eats trash.
A+. Would enjoy this joke again.
Do you think big guy saw and liked it
I wish? He’s probably furiously reading about how his job works on like http://howdoesbeingpresidentgo.com/whatifyouareracist …
It's like watching a potato take charge
But like one you wouldn’t buy because it looks too weird. Which has to be pretttty bad, because most potatoes look weird.
Do you think he's finally started drinking tho
Why are you constantly firing "great" people? 
And why is everyone who disagree "crooked"
I think the "firing great people" bar was set very low when he fired Omarosa.
Looooool
Misty water colored memories, right?
I trust the #deepstateis more than the shallow President.
You just can't help but spew toxic waste nearly every time you open your mouth. Can't you just say something kind w/out disparaging someone?
Stop being a child, you're embarrassing your fifth grade teacher.
你应该庆幸世上还有一个这么善良的中国……
Thankyou for unshackling and relasing him Mr @POTUS he is far better fighting for you outside the W/H. [Sir knight SB takes Pawn H.Clinton]
sure.. when he starts spreading the dirt on you and your family you will be throwing him under the bus. he won't be your friend for long...
Oh how the tables have changed Orange Man.
Thank you Steve Bannon!
Last I checked, the only crook in office is you. Give up your extra businesses yet? Or does conflict of interest just not apply to you?
Hey look who it is, can't really respect economic opinions from someone who supports Anarcho-Communist groups.  Gotta Bash the Fash
So I'm a communist because I despise nazis?
I think Steve Bannon is a #jackwagon
and he will destroy YOU in a nano-second. Let the games begin. #TakeOutTheTrumpTrash. America it's time to clean out OUR HOUSE.
Are you still banging on about Hilary??? Really? Be a man and move on!
You suck
U were a fool to let him go. U r moving left. Was that the plan all along?


Trump is unstable. It's time to invoke the 25th Amendment. We need to get him out quickly before he does anymore damage!
Please quit before they impeach you

Let's play your fav game, with your host, the @POTUS with the mostest (lies), it's TIME FOR DELETE OR DENY!
FAKE PREZ illegitimate election Putin's bitc
#FakePresident #FakePOTUS #TrumpMustResign #TrumpCrimeFamily 
I hope evil bannon takes you down
Awwwww...BESTIES!!!

Oh, wait...

Are you going to be talking about this  for the next 3 years hunnie cause you won..what's the problem now 

ROTFLMAO!
please don't turn back on us DACA is not just dreamer the believe that she is a Harvey football player who will win drama
Sure, nothing better to beat The Crooked than a first class Crook, right?
Looking forward to Bannon's reveal of Trump Administration chronic chaos !

Can't you be a decent human being? Why do you have to call people mean names?!
@realDonaldTrump nothing about losing his mind here. We know who really has lost their mind.
Is that necessary to call HRC crooked Hillary? I don't know why you have to belittle people all the time. What's with that? Grow up!
President Trump is a sad example of a leader
Would you please quit the childish name calling?  I can't take anything else you say seriously.  You're just a 5th grade playground bully.
I look forward to seeing the crook doing the perp walk in silver bracelets & orange jumpsuit.  Include soros and obama, please!
Oh yeah@ you be more crooked.
Isn't it about time you became an adult and dispensed with the name-calling?  Where is Melania's anti-bullying crusade when we need it?
You run the White House like the Apprentice- firing everyone. How's that working out for you?
Looks like all this ass kissing was in vain. Bend over and say "heil"!!
You are the crooked one
Good grief.... move on.  Hilary is not prez.  You are, act like a responsible person, not a spoiled little bully!  Can a 71 yr old gro up?
There’s a tweet for everything! Next you’ll say Bannon was a coffee boy!
Oops
@potus. Hmm. I thought Bannon was a nobody to you. Seems like he meant more than you remember. Didn’t you include him on WH calls with Putin? I seem to remember that. Hmmm.
Russia Taxes Russia Taxes Russia Taxes Russia Taxes Russia Taxes Russia Taxes protests aren't taking our attention away from it! Crook
You are mean !
Don't you mean during your run against everything that was GOOD about America?!? You are SO unworthy of the position you stole! #ResignNow
Now you’re going down. The pressure is making you mad.
Don't let the door hit ya.......
10% next week.
Lock lorretta, Hillary  Bill  up
Crooked Hilary, crooked Trump, not much difference just different roads.
I'm confused Mr. So called president. If you hate losers why support Confederate monuments. They lost the country won! Country above racism
There you did it.  Can't get through a day without some Hilary or Obama hatred.  Too many kinds of envy.
Y r you getting rid of all the ppl who wanted to help w your agenda & replacing w ppl like McMaster who doesnt believe islam is a problem?
He also sealed your fate.
Evergreen tweet
化工厂
The POTUS is looking in American people crime as individual's action  not  a group .#suck CNN MSNBC
Lol

Your bad decisions (I.e., hiring Bannon) are a waste of tax payers money.
"Thank Steve Bannon." "You're fired." One of these things is not like the others.
Steve says you committed treason
it is time to do something about the Clinton's and Obama and all the rest that had a hand in all crap that has been going on
Oh yes.. Got that Right! I just hope he'll be able to help in his new position.
Crooked is you only
He brought the much needed #WhiteSupremacist vote to my campaign! That was the tipping point! Tremendous! Congratulations!
You know this man is a white supremacist right? Who was shunned out of the White House? Who actually ran a fake news organization?
Laughable. You thank Bannon while calling Hillary crooked. Trump you are nothing more than a joke.

You do realize this is a former First Lady and a Secretary of State right? I mean, I didn't vote for her, but I can respect her body of work
How can you say it's time to unite and heal and yet you continue to use divisive language to keep us separated. Sad!

71 and you still sound like an infant. Sad, but really, truly sad.
Racist Bannon
WOW. So unprofessional and undignified.
What service, he was a paid employee that you fired for incompetence?

He serviced me great .. But thsnks he gone .. Now on to another one ... Frat boy high five
Public loves Steve Bannon so I sure hope that you work together, will miss Steve in WH @realDonaldTrump @potus #MAGA #MASA #TrumpTrain #DTS
does Public loves Steve Bannon now? do you still miss him?
"Thanks S". Heartfelt & eloquent as always. Plus - never pass up a nasty lying dig. A model of leadership. Simply can't cover up the ugly.
Pres.Trump.What are you thinking? Youre 3 appointed generals are rotten. They are steering you to do their agenda. They are manipulating you
This is aging well, huh?
@USATrustTrump My dear President. You are a Good King. You LEAD FROM THE FRONT.  LIKE ALEXANDER. BUT YOU ARE A GOOD KING
WTF are you going on about???
#SteveBannon #SteveBannon quit ... sidnt want to work with you either
How's the wife's anti cyber bullying working out, orange Donald?
Yeah, thank you Steve for helping steal the election!  Now you can go and start planning for 2020....NOT!! #44forevergreat
Seems you forgot you wrote this. Lol
Killary klinton
Why are you orange? Does not make any sense!
Donald president should be example of what they do and say. But only by judging what and how you are saying things. You are far from example
