is that the letter O that’s gonna drive me nuts
politics aside we can’t tolerate this
The O is for Obstruction by the Democratic Party
Donald trump is the one who obstructs. He will be in prison soon because of it. Lock him up! Lock him up! Lock him up!
Donald Trump is a sorry excuse for a human being. He is a horrible person.
Oh no, Trump haters have the "O" to troll about just like the extra scoop, but they still have swallow the crow they're eating on a daily
Shut your mouth Don. You only got a partial use of ur ban! We all know it and you do to. Quit acting like the rotten child u are!
Uh it wasn't quite like that
THANK YOU MR. TRUMP
YOU ARE DOING GREAT FOR AMERICA
THE LIBERAL MEDIA KEEPS LYING
THE DEMOCRATS ARE NOTHING BUT ROADBLOCKS WITH NO IDEAS



That is a knockout. Good work Mr President.

They agreed to hear it. They could still vote against it. Geesh!
OK i try to share safe..but u must safe first.. U safe you tomorrow...s
We are all greatful for the SCOTUS who upheld the travel ban. We thank God everyday for you @POTUS. #MAGA #TravelBan #AmericaFirst 
Great Mr Trump. So much Winning and we're not tired to. Keep going!!
America won't be SAFE until we vote Trump out on November 3, 2020.
Or until impeachment day. But then we'd have President Pence or Ryan. So still not SAFE.
Sorry, Obama's not coming back. 
All good. We'll just elect Elizabeth Warren or Kamala Harris as the first female President.
Oh you mean Pocahontas?
No, I mean Elizabeth Warren. Next time troll without being racist.
You do realize there is no direct link between Elizabeth Warren and her Native American blood line she claims. At least I'm not a fraud. 
So you're saying its OK to be a racist as long as you're not a fraud? Need to get your priorities straight.
It wasn't a "9-O" ruling. It was a 6-3 split decision, and even that only applies to a segment of people initially proposed.
The next time a democrat tries to say this is anti-Muslim, tell them 9 Supreme Court Justices think otherwise! #SCOTUS
Trump said it was a Muslim ban, not the liberals
America will be far more safe once you're gone, Odious Orange.
You got your 120 days already to fix the problem. The ban isn’t necessary anymore.
Oh, sorry. I should’ve written 12O days. Because you think O means 0.
Please the ban hasn't been effect since January. The whole 'national security' aspect  has been proven false. Plus you've had more than 90
days to improve 'vetting' (which was its implied purpose). How's that going? Or is it like your 'plan' to defeat ISIS & so many other things
Non-existent
Deport flotus
#MakeAmericaLookDumbagain 
#RUSSIA #investigate #flynn #manafort #page #COVERUP #sad #JOKE
O instead of 0? That's something my grandma would do. Very twitter literate don
#NotMyPresident #FakePresident
Trump University fraud THAT DONALD TRUMP COMMITTED IS HEADED Back TO COURT
Trust in the American president plummeted most in some of the United States’ closest allies in Europe and Asia, as well as Canada and Mexico
From Chile to Italy, from Sweden to Japan, majorities consider the president arrogant, intolerant, unqualified and dangerous.
New poll from the Pew Research Center found that  Trump presidency is strongly & negatively impacting how the world views the United States.
Polls???
Really??
Where is this from????

Pew research 

LMAO

OMG

I about peed my pants

GERMANY leadership has highest ... LMAO 

I am so sending this to a few people
But yet ........record high stock market 
Most members of the 30-stock Dow make a big chunk of their money overseas. That means they should enjoy fatter profits thanks to the weaker dollar. The Dow's 3 best-performing stocks this year -- Boeing, Apple and Visa  rely on the U.S. for less than 55% of their total revenue.
America will also be safer when you're in federal prison. Wait for it...
Wrong!!! No 9-0 decision.
All they did was agree to hear the case in October, they have not rules on its merit yet.
LMAOO at 9-0. Trump is the greatest
It's the beginning of your end, you’re so wrong.
If you're truly serious, then all you need to do is #ResignNow 
#Impeach45 #TheWorldisMockingYou
You get that they agreed to hear the case, not that they have ruled in favor of you -- right?
I'd feel safer if you would stop trying to take away my health insurance. Also if you'd do something re: foreign powers hacking our election
You didn't win anything. You know that right?  
God, I wish you were smarter.
Never mind. 
arrogant + immature + smart would not be good.

So he has LIED CONSISTENTLY to the people of the United States. We can't have this anymore. It's degrading to our Country. Are we 3rd World?
California sure looks like it

Soon they will be all GONE 
It's a crisis because of the good weather in LA. If they were like Buffalo, no one would choose to be homeless there. Think about it. If you got nothing, might as well have it in a beautiful climate.
9-0. Wow. I wonder how The Left and The Mainstream Media will try & spin away this ruling.

#MAGA
Oh they have. Can you believe these people. A loss is somehow a win.
This is what happens to an ideology where every leftist gets a trophy
Explain to me how it is a win.
Trump argued that it is constitutional because it is for the security of the nation—and the Supreme Court agreed.
SCOTUS did not agree, which is why only 2 parts of the EO were allowed, while most of it was blocked, once again.
Here is who @POTUS is "Keeping us safe from" Syrian refugees. Mostly women & chidren.
The irony here is amazing. He's definitely keeping us safe from the people that orchestrated this staged propaganda piece of a photo.
Oh yes i can see central castings role in this.. big fake photos ... #insanepeople
Yes I agree 100%
you do realize only a portion of the travel ban was supported, right?
May the good God be with you
Sad state of affairs Mr Trump! Personally the amount of time you spend on Twitter obvs doesn't allow you enough time to run the country!
You even lie about something that's so easily traceable it was not a unanimous decision Liar Liar #Russiagate
Seek help with mental issues.
Agreed! So resign!!! #FakePresident
Fake president, lies about supreme court decision. 3-6 decision. What a loser.
Let's get going
Mr president remove CNN from all tv in airport s and do the weather channel.
Don't preejac there 45
How do we keep America safe from a cheeto dusted shitgibbon like you?
Off course we must keep America safe because of North Korea
Safe from Russian hacking our election
Douche
Amazing to see what the courts, media and Hollywood put you through on this, thanks for fighting for what's right, my man!
You have a slight mathematical error. 6-3 is not the same as 9-0. #AlternativeFacts
Im still being abused. A person who just wants to work cant because of housing. Im begiing to think the new world order is still going
Then step down from office!
thomas jefferson declared war on islam 232 years ago. it was never undeclared
You need to keep Americans safe from your trumped up policies on the environment, healthcare and your travel ban!
Finally, some rational legal minds
The best way to keep America safe is for you and your Russian posse to resign and move to Moscow, where your heart is. #Resist
Thank you Mr. President
Donald Trump is sooo full of shit. It will be home born Americans that will be a threat
There was NO 9-0 decision, moron. Not even a 9-O decision.
Boo trump
GET OUT, we don't want u here ! U r an embarrassment 2 mankind!!!!
We need europe open her eyes like US has done
Score one for America thank I Mr. President you are relentless. America is blessed to have you
People must know that we the people don't have all of our rights back. Citizens are getting tired of the abuse. The abuse needs to stop
The way to keep America safe is to provide clean air, clean water, good medical care for all.
Go back to being a so-called billionaire.
Clean water?  You can buy it at the store!
In 4 months.. I say expand and make the ban permanent ! Limit all immigration! #MAGA
You can visit... but then go HOME!

That decision was only to hear the case!  Why do you continue to distort the truth? You are "leading" the U.S. down a very dangerous path.
Wasn't 9-0 but would expect the truth from you.
The only way America is going to be SAFE is when you move to Russia...pathetic 

I take your new judge took the oath of loyalty to you so you can get your way and not pout like a two yr old
A decision to hear both sides. So what's the victory. Russia investigation is what's getting very interesting. Obstructionist!!!!
I think  extreme vetting is very important now!
#Dumpy, SCOTUS agreed to hear case, there was no decision, Moron! Voting to hear a case is not a decision! My 14 year old knows that! SAD!!
Every nation has a right to have Immigration Law. "Immigration without assimilation is an invasion ! We have that right to protect borders !
% with you @POTUS ! Now let's #BuildTheWall high into the sky! #MAGA
You are clueless and not fit to be in the White House.  Well maybe as a janitor.
The only way to do that is to deport you back to Russia!
Now make it permanent! #MuslimBan
Thank you President Trump !
It is now time to replace bias district judges who constantly had bad judgement and rulings are overturned!
I don't trust you.
Want to keep America safe? Quit.
It was 7/2 I believe not 9/0 but who cares no reason to worry about facts
Well YOU aren't going to do it!!
I fear we will forgotten. Please end this nightmare. Im Begging oyu please help. You said you will fix TSA but we know you wont end it
I have not been this afraid since 1968 while in the jungles of S. Vietnam! Keep America safe?
Silly Buffoon!Yes, we must keep America safe!You need to retire ASAP. And get a check-up, man! Syphilis causes serious brain damage.Get help
Fake story...............
Stop this gender neutral bs
Another fake news from Potus it's 6-3 not 9-0
Totally fake news! Just not true....no "decision" was made. Do you actually know what you're talking about at all?

Migrants are our brothers and sisters in search of a better life, far away from poverty, hunger, and war.
who's going to protect us from the Supreme Court? What about the act of 1871
It's 9-0 not 9-O....God give this "thing" a brain
There is no 9.0 vote. There is no signed decisions..there is no victory T....amateurs that lie are the worst
This is truth
Says the man who doesn't know the different between the zero and the oh key.
Iran is so difficult number in the world and USA presidents before you thought to attack Iran and failed do you think that you do !!!
It!!!. USA HAS NO DIGNITY
 Iran will tread on you  arrogant as llittle insect.Be careful when you speak with iranians.
Liberals are so hateful. Their hearts are black and full of vomit.
Let's hope they vote to abolish you, then. Genocidal megalomaniac.
```
You have the right to keep any dangerous person or persons OUT of the US.
It wasn't a 9-0 wi. Sir, it was a 6 to 3 win
You want to keep us safe?  Resign before you're impeached.
Supreme Court 9-0  overruled Hawaii 5-0 ?
@realDonaldTrump USA Safe? So this means ur resigning + exposing the con jobs u + reps are running on the US for your own bank accounts?
FromYOU
You really didn't win.  You're still a loser.,
Keep at it. Love the work so far!  Do something about Ryan and McConnell. So weak!
if you love this country and want to keep it safe you should quit
They only lifted it only to those without connections to the US. Not many. And have not made a final decision yet.
You're not making it safe!! You're refusing to help people who desperately need it! The odds of a terrorist attack on US soil since 2001...
From attacks from ISIS are lower than getting hit by lightning.
Yes by banning Indians to enter, sir you show your inhuman, racist face, since you are rich and potus you can do anything. Dissappointed
DJT doesn't hate, he's not racist nor inhumane He' a POTUS putting America's and Americans needs 1st. As it should be we're NOT haters!
Really his just not letting uscto live and work in america, from h2b visa also he made india out from list of eligible countries
Again because many Americans are being overlooked for job contracts in the US. I have a very good friend who was losing out this way.
Doing a great job 100% support for you! Please deal with those judges I didn't vote for them run the country I voted for you Mr President
You do know how the three branches of government work, right?

America is not safe with you as POTUS...!!! #ImpeachTrumpNOW
Liar check your numbers 7-2
O isn't a number. It's 0. #makeamericadoMathagain
Don't think so.
Thank you President Trump for putting your people and country first. Sadly our career MPs in UK put their own pockets before our UK it seems
Are you aware that the "America First" slogan comes from a pro-Hitler group that worked to keep the US out of WW2? You're praising a Nazi.
Build the wall
Where did you learn to count?
What are you doing to stop white extremists terrorism on minorities? If u really mean "we must keep America safe", pay attn to other threats
From YOU.LOSER POTUS....
We'd all be better off if we could keep America safe from the GOP. #FakePresident
IT’S ONLY A GREAT SHOW - AMERICA WILL GO DOWN WITH THID PRESIDENT!
We try to keep the World safe. Step down. Why does it not include  Saudi people ? I guess you remember 9/11 ?
Why are you so afraid of people who don't look like you?
If you only think to attack Iran at any time so you have to say bye bye my little baby Israel. Bye  bye USA soldiers
BLESS GOD,GOD bless you and Keep you from Leaning on your own Understanding,Ps113,Pr3:1-8;16:3;11:14,Nm9:15-23,2Chr9,Jb38-42,Ps119:24,amen
The law was always on your side, sir!
There was no "decision," but you'd have to know how the court works and what not to understand.
A lie
Start appointing lower court judges too, Mr. President.
Your healthcare bill sucks
If only America could be saved from you! YOU are its biggest threat.
Great win!!
It wasn't a "decision" you tiny moron. They haven't even heard the case yet. They're allowing a frankenstein EO to stand. Congrats.
I still don't think we the people won this revolution. My heart breaks. Please help me. Im begging you.
Thank you President Trump
this war on the poor I don't se it ending. You said America will come first. Please help me. this is insane. I have no hope at all now.
Again fake news from Trump
Uhhhhh... is that a capital O instead of a 0? Smh.
I'm so happy tour our President from the bottom of my heart!/& the USA to the Top! #ILove45
Talk about FAKE news...
it was a 6-3 decision to hear the case not 9-0 victory
You're resigning?
