amazing
@vikingmom7 there's just no one better than you for this job RIGHT NOW.  

From the bottom of my heart, 
Thank you.
Throwing millions of working people off their health insurance to give tax breaks to the top 1% is considered a victory to some.
Nothing says drain the swamp like tax breaks to the 1%.
You have to start looking north or just see Europe, FREE HEALTHCARE, FREE EDUCATION
The 90% part i agree. The thing with tax breaks to the 1% creates something call inequality, and soon poors have nothing to eat but the rich
We will never agree, specially over Twitter. Have a good one
You also. Sail Strong no matter your opinion.
So great
The greatest, honorable, admirable,most busy, never tired and  unbelievable successful President and Vice President America ever had.
Thanks for retweet. DJT is not a gentlemen ! But could a gentlemen be leader in #Terror - dekade? Sorry, but Obamapolicy faileed!
You really are doing a great job !! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
WEEKLY ADDRESS ...
Thank you Mr President I have the tremendous respect for you , you are a man of his word .  # America is looking great again
I lie daily about my conflicts of interest with Russia.
Hey, who doesn't?
Obama
Thank you Mr President.  You are making us proud!
Every day! #POTUS

There's only one who will take him   ArchAngel Gabriel.
@Pontifex   Tell Korea. Gabriel will take him down.
I pray for Democratic Party who have lost their way . They no longer represent the people only themselves.
Hollywood Humor

Griffin: Decapitate Trump 
Depp: Assassinate Trump
Madonna: Blow up White House

And you're shocked when GOP reps get shot?
Lots of ppl are getting shot... not just one party & you KNOW this.. stop trying to divide
Trump said he could people in the middle of 5th Ave. And wouldnt lose votes. Nobody was outraged by that and all his other campaign bullshit
Actually; half of America was pissed off about Trumps campaign. They just don't understand his sense of humor. He's a funny guy!
But if anything is said against him then it's not funny wow!
When something meant as a joke is said against him, i laugh. But this malicious attack by the left is not funny. He won. Get over it.
Yea I was telling republicans that twice with Obama but they never got over it! Lol
Most of did get over Obama. I even voted for him the first time! I felt he was taking us too far left so I didn't vote for him in 2012.
Weekly Idiot Idioms from the Commander of Covfefe
rename: weakly address
So, so many lies being told by you and the GOP. This doesn't fulfill any of your promises on the campaign trail.
My son could not afford Obamacare because he is overweight. He needs affordable medical insurance so he can get help for mental illness.
typical... slam Obama and fail to explain yours.....
Obamacare isn't perfect, but what u r proposing is appalling. Not that u wld know. Maybe have someone explain it to u via coloring book?
Gosh darn it. My TV's red and yellow tube burnt out again!!! Sad
Have you considered speech therapy?
You look and sound as if you're terribly constipated.
So much saying nothing and such a poor work of #45
You have not met me. Single payer is the only way to control prices. Insurance Co. are like you, greedy & evil & do not care about people.
You're doing great things  Keep up the good work.
Why are you afraid of the US free press? They can't make stuff up, but they do replay your screw ups, is that why? Be transparent!
You said you would be different! You are the worst kind of politician. #LIAR #CHEATER #FRAUD
I asked what to do about companies like COSTCO that delete surveillance of injuries so they don't have to take care of the injured party!
How about more than 1 public appearance with the media. Obama had a he'll lot more and even been on late night.  You've done nothing.
It helps if you try to give a shit.
Thanks MrT for this note directly from you. Not fake news media.
You couldn't pay me to watch this nonsense. #NationalShame #GlobalEmbarrassment
Jeremy Corbyn at Glastonbury left a message for you "build bridges, not walls"

Watched it without sound there is only so much self inflicted pain I can take.
He looks like a raving mad drunken Irish I met once in a pub.
I agree. That indeed a weakly address.

Why are you so red? They tried to filter out the orange and now you look like a flaming tomato.

Two families health care situations were cited in yiu speach. Please use these examples tell use how much they will pay in your plan. Thx
It doesn't change: 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. God, get a bracelet with it imprinted. No one gives a shit about listening to your lies, fool.
Ewe.
I haven't even listened to him... and already he "screeches" in my ears. Understand this or not...... lol Rescuse?
Poorly produced, poorly directed, poorly delivered, and poorly shot. Bravo!
Good work president!!!
Weekly pile of 
Very weakly.
Did you meet the disabled Americans that were carried off from @mitchmcconell office for protesting the cuts to Medicare?
Why do you always look angry and shout so much. Don't like your job? Rather be golfing? RESIGN.  Just do it! You'll feel much better.
Why do you constantly look constipated when attempting to read?
And whomever did the filming of this....ummmm, they need to be #FIRED right along with you!!!!
Oh wow, you look like a big boy now reading off a TelePrompTer
Oh my Gosh your face is way too red. See your Dr.
Stop killing inocent citizens of serya

Just tweet so that we don't have to look at your lying face!
Look how great I am..Love me ..tell me how much I am???

No cost for what folks will pay under the GOP plan because it is being developed in secret and no-one knows or they will have no healthcare
God bless the UNITED States of America God bless and keep our beloved President Trump!
You look like you are really straining to get all of that shit out...
Why is your face so RED????
Too much chaos in the replies, lets all just answer a simple question

How was your day today Twitter user?
Why does it always look like you are squeezing out a painful deuce while delivering the address?
That's the gigantic movement he always brags about. It's from his ass. Not the one on top of his neck. The one he sits on.
Trump's Carrier deal is not living up to the hype — jobs still going to Mexico
Another result of Obummercare that's not generally mentioned is the fact that private insurance premiums have skyrocketed as well. Thank you
no one wants to hear you speak - NO ONE!

Know that feeling! Paying a quarter of our monthly salary for health insurance! This sucks ducks!
STOP SHOUTING. Ugh, I can't bear to look at you.
I truly loved the speech,their is NOONE more suitable for the job then you dear POTUS , thank you for putting this nation and people first.
weak and in a dress Sounds more like it.
Such an Obama deal for America.  Mess it up in 8 years and then Obama jets off.  Thank you Trump for your live of our Nation.
OMG what a puke session...#TraitorTrump
Duh
Where are you now Donald Trump I miss you so much
Ok. U need better lighting. Straight shot too red.The cut2profile too harsh. Possible to inset graphics/photos to illustrate points instead?
Please hire a speaking coach & stop the spray tans. Orange does not go with your hair color. You look hideous! Toastmasters for you fatso!
hao
The only viable network twitter what an ignorant coward
Are you stroking out on camera? You look like a beet! Give this man some water! Must be all that golf ,while u worry about the poor Cushmans
OMG it's the attack of the killer tomato ! lol
LIAR
Please leave Medicare alone. Mr. President you really need to red what they want to include me exclude, I don't think you will like it.
Winning. You are a winner sir.
#Pres Trump,, your doing a great job ,keep it up ,America needs you!!
Stop using words like "disaster" "catastrophic" etc. You're the f***ing president, not a melodramatic teenage girl. It is not a disaster!
Also, have them work on your facial expressions and lip movements. You say words that make you look like you are giving a BJ. Not cool!
My President...  God bless him and keep him...

For god's sake--do something with your hair. wtf is wrong with you??
You mean that veteran did not receive any military benefits from the Gvmt? What say You D.T.?
The people you're whittering about only exist in your sick, elderly mind. You look tired. You need to rest now. #Trump
The democrats can pay my tax bill created by Obamacare.
@AprilDRyan STOP lying to the American people you cannot B ÷ S everybody ur nothing but a JOKE
Liar
Taking it straight to the people! Way to go.
AMEN AMEN AMEN!! GREAT SPEACH!!! Get this health care reform passed!! God Bless you President Trump!! May God ALWAYS BE WITH YOU!!
Hey guilty Don -- get some more lawyers. You are going to need them bigly.
Shocking what getting a job cost that dear couple. @TheDemocrats should be ashamed of their blundering collapsing failure
Xdfjdifjs
34% approval rating!
stop talking and get to work!!! Stop playing golf..hypocrite...

Thank you, MR. PRESIDENT. We are with you !  ! ! Please keep the fight up . We are suffering,  we are suffering. Get the plan passed.
Weekly?  Better make that srmi-annually and you might have something real to say  #BullshiterInChief
Is it a sunburn or is he about to explode?
What happened to the Carrier jobs and our $7million??
I can't stand your voice so I don't listen.. why do you look all angry and like you're yelling at the American people??
So proud of you President Trump
I was in the hospital last week and given a medication that I'm allergic to and my face wasn't nearly as red as this guys.
Weakly addressed
Obamacare is a nightmare!!! Please get rid of it.
Are you drunk with that red face or just sun burnt from all that golf. Remember how you talked smack on Obama for golfing so much less.
Just repeal this mess! Put insurance back on the free market! What is so difficult to understand that is the best & only option.
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 6 Months, 27 Days, 19 Hours, 27 Minutes, and 31 Seconds
Until his SECOND term! #MaGa
LMAO!!! NEVER GOING TO HAPPEN!!!
hope trump has a massive heart attack soon. He is fat and out of shape!
Better check your blood pressure.
Man you suck at reading ... guess that will become the norm though since we know how you value education with your appointments
Message to Donald Trump from a field in England #GlastonburyFestival 
@realDonaldTrump @SenSanders #Corbyn
Mr Trump THRILLED to C U on Hwy 84 the day of this speech. Love Ur gold convertible.A little sunburned? U passed our old Maroon Toyota truck
#resist
THank you President TRUMP
How much spray tan did you use! Men don't do that! You have issues! Sad fake man
You obviously haven't me the ones who have been showing up to their Congressman and Senators offices.  It not healthcare it's a tax cut.
Just imagine the $$$$  we could save without Chem-trails... Could build that Wall...  God bless you..
So, didn't Obama Care increase numbers covered? I imagine that insuring poorer people is more expensive? Are the poor worth it?
Your orange skin and burnt lips look like a friekin' BLOW FISH.  Use your "incredible" government healthcare to get some help, Don.
Obamacare is NOT broken! trump has failed to continue with fed agreed, law to subsidize pymts. to Ins. Co., they leave because of no pymt.!
I Thank You for Your Consideration In
This Matter Sir!!! I Can't Tell You HOW
Desperate Our SITUATION IS FOR SO
MANY CHRONIC PAIN SUFFERERS.
Crickets
LIAR !
Please bring back fire side chats. This video is disturbing.
What about mobi
Amen
Lies lies lies lies lies lies lies lies lies #resist
yes.
This is addressing our nation? What on earth are you talking about??
Watch the camera dramatically pan back & forth while I purse my lips & form words. Be dazzled by the cinematic drama! Blah blah blah bloat.
You need a blood pressure pill, Red face!
So weekly address means Mar A Lago or New Jersey?
Quit
