And God's Will marches forward in the world of politics. He knows what's best for us. Go Almighty God!!! Go Trump
"Failing" means outperforming multiple republicans combined?
Hollywood vs. Georgia

or

Trump vs. Georgia
Just gotta love the fact that a reality tv star is whining about "Hollywood"
Just, what does Hollywood even have anything to do w/ anything here? Go lose your motorcade next, Don, and leave us in peace ffs.
Guess he's referring to the Samuel L. Jackson add. Still pissed he couldn't even get a Springsteen cover band to perform at his inauguration
I'm not familiar w/ the Sam L ad. Jesus the POTUS watches more effing tv than I do. This is just pitiful in every way.
Please keep campaigning, the more visible you are the more likely that the Big "R" will lose ... so keep up the good work!
Don't you have a lost carrier task force to find?
He got 48% of the vote...twice as much as Handel.
Dems spent& worked their Ass-Off 
Still couldn't #Flipthe6th 4 Ossoff
Even used Hollywood to Act the part 
Bless their  not that smart
Karen Handel refused to endorse you. The candidates who did fared the worse last night. You're poison for your party sweetie 
Only issue is 6th loves GOPe candidates
Brilliant campaign slogan! -- "Hollywood vs. Georgia" -- I love it!
Says "Mr Hollywood via Queens"
#MAGA
Hollywood??? Do you forget from whence YOU came?
And you're failing to live up to your campaign promises, except more savage and criminal prosecution of ongoing wars.
So bravo for at least being a good sociopathic malevolent force for evil. H/t @ggreenwald & @theintercept.
Trump always wins and Liberals always ending up smelling like a pile of 
Politics is one big fight.Don't count us out.Potential war tax breaks for wealthy human resource cuts health care, pollution.In time U lose
Hey populist authoritarian guess what it is the other 60% of Americans who hate u and the Republican party!! Time to shut up and listen!!!
You propelled Ossoff upward by 5 points. Please campaign more in Georgia, it's going so well.
Hollywood and the NY elite will never accept you!! Couldn't get membership for the NY Metroplitan Club! SAD!!!
metropolitan ..edacasion
You're running scared you sad little man. #TheResistance
You would sell your left nut if it would get Hollywood to support you
How dare you talk the POTUS like that!
Show so respect to the office, remember?
Wait, wait. Let me catch my breath. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
.@realDonaldTrump 

You mean (((Hollywood))), don't you?

Just say what you mean you xenophobic POS.
He's the president of lies. The #LiarInChief
She will lose.  Don't worry junior
No. Not that simple. How can you diss Hollywood. Youre a producer and member of the Screen Actors Guild. You're a part of it. W/low ratings!
Looks like you're not the only one who's failing... Yayyyyy, you DO have friends!  LOSER!
U r the FAILURE
Shouldn't you stop trying to devide us? You are the president now. It's time to start acting like it And encourage everyone to work as one.
Only a moron would see a Democrat leading in a solid Republican district as win for Republicans.
How many times do you need to be told to stop demonising & ostracising Democrats? You serve each and every one of them, 45. Remember that.
Political bias is normal, but this is just you relentlessly undermining the opposition. Show some grace and respect for other parties.
I don't ever remember @BarackObama repeatedly bashing every person that didn't vote for him. Probably because he was a decent person, though
Obama decent? #Wiretapper #SealedRecords #Fraud

Put your tin foil hat back on #Delusional

That public clown show was entertaining, still no evidence. You have nothing even after Obozo's wiretapping. By the way, where is he #Coward
Failing = 48.1% to 19.8% ?
The fact that Dems have come this close to turning both states blue is not a fail. It means the tides are changing we are winning.
Hell yeah!
Mmm
The word you're looking for is dumbmotherfuckingmotherfucker. It's German.
Lol, hashtag that!
Dems didn't "fail" in Georgia. The "super liberal" Democrat @ossoff got more votes than every single Republican—by far. #FactsMatter
Both of these elections occurred in very "red" districts, and they shouldn't have even been close. The only ppl who failed are Republicans
Ossoff got more of the popular vote than your did & in a very Republican district. Very, very bad sign for your presidency… #FactsMatter
The leading Republican in this district who got less than 20% of the vote uses the campaign slogan "kick his Ossoff". Classy, typical GOP 
Its also Typical for the left crazy liberals to riot and burn down buildings and burn flags and hurt anybody against them I can go on
You should ask Ossoff how it feels to actually win the popular vote.
He had more votes than four Republican candidates combined. I think he'll be fine in June.
I think there's a mental condition where a person refuses to believe reality and instead lives in the reality in their head. Maybe see a dr.
Thats called a sociopath. I think
A sociopath knows how to mask their crazy. These guys are unhinged.
You’re failing to help the suffering majority because you're just a liar out to further enrich yourself and your family.
People aren't suffering in the US.
Sure. Absolutely everyone in America has a wonderful life with no problems whatsoever. #LivingInIgnorance
Americans have the freedom to change their circumstances and help those that need it. You don't have those freedoms in a socialist country.
You clearly have no idea what socialism actually is. http://www.worldsocialism.org/spgb/education/introductory-articles …
I know what it is. It is a society without class and opportunity. It is an existence and not a life. No one has any freedom or rights.
They did... but....sweetie Republicans are failing in those  districts to win by same margins as they did before YOU came along.
Your argument doesn't make sense. But when has democrat rhetoric ever made sense lol
Yeah but at least them Democrats got experis on how to run the world instead of trump not knowing nothing I'll take them Dem anytime LOL
One more reason to hate @realDonaldTrump :
Gross! I cannot believe this piece of crap is our President. God help us. I hope this investigation is real!
I have true faith that the truth will be revealed on that.
I just don't think most republicans actually care.
Nothing turns them off of him.
It's just a power grab they don't want to loseThey could care less how crazed and dangerous this idiot is. Only if it affects them directly.
And that's the most disturbing thing of all.
They could have proof positive that Putin owns Trump but they'd say "our side won".
Insanity.
They know exactly what they are doing. They always play this same game. Did the same when Bush was in power. It's all about the $$ and self
Oh yeah, you're right... but most cons aren't rich. They're impoverished and should be democrats, but they can't see the idiocy.
It's silly.
Trump and his cronies are low life no matter what their financial status. The scum of the earth. Self serving and power hungry.
NEVER FORGET, YOU LOST BY THREE MILLION VOTES DONNY
And, those were in CA and New York only with biggest population in few counties...not such a big win. Rest of nation went red in landslide.
Are you kidding me? Are you unable to comprehend basic math? Dems have the most votes in GA. What is wrong with you?
He is unable. Math and reading are not @realDonaldTrump 's strong suits. Neither are his actual suits. He's only good at ejaculation.
48% versus 18% most of those businesses belong elsewhere he just whores out his name
He also stiffs his vendors and creditors. That makes him a thief too. Your Jesus wouldn't approve of that, or the fact that he's a rapist.
Well sadly he has had more than one accusation & I believe he has paid women off just like is mate from Fox News.
If they failed on Georgia why the run off in June. Whoever is giving you FALSE information should be fired. Disgraceful!
"Foxsplaining"--telling us some crap you heard on Fox that's utter BS
It's so great to know we have a potus that celebrates failure rather that one who encourages success. SAD
Didn't you say you'd be a great uniter?
The nation is already polarized, politically. Comments like yours make things worse. Why? Do you not want to lead the entire nation?
i believed in you till you screwed americans on health care
hey man-baby - you sure are afraid of jon @ossoff - wow! Now go and find your missing "armada" you dumbf@ck.
Dems failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia. Great job Karen Handel! It is now Hollywood vs. Georgia on June 20...
I know math and truth are hard for you, but even you should be able tell that 48.5% is more bigly than 19.5%.
thank God! Now, get those Repubs narrowed down to just one, most liked, to go up against the Dem so we can win it in June!
Democrats failed trying to buy an election with $10 million from outside the district Hollywood Libtard dollars!

Make America Great Again!
You just don't get it, You're stumbling through your presidency much like you stumble through the rest of your life.
HollyWEIRD, the media, and sad academia are megaPHONEs that continue to undermine what could be the faster spreading of ur powerful spirit!
Right now Karen Handel is saying, "Stop helping me."
When you say you're winning, you're losing.

When you say others are failing, they're winning.

Every day is opposite day with Donnie.  WTH?
I do not represent Dems and as I have previously said, they are enemies. I do not attempt to lead over half of the country
Good will always triumph over evil, you and your swamp creatures will sink yourselves
I KNOW I WOULD HANG UP IF I EVER HEARD YOUR VOICE.
Is it ethical for the potus to promote a particular party in an election. I believe UNITED includes all the people not just republicans.
They didn't fail. 48% compared to Handel's 20%.
As usual, all wrong on every count.....what a FAILED, wannabe leader you are. You had the chance to do something great and didn't.
ACTUALLY, DEMS AREN'T FAILING IN GEORGIA.  YOU ARE AGAIN STRETCHING THE TRUTH.  KAREN DIDN'T EVEN BREAK 20%, WHILE OSSOFF GARNERED 48.1%.
Not a fail. You are such a manipulator of your blind followers. You tell the truth! 48.6% for the dem. A full 29.1% more than closest rep!
You're joking, right?  She only got 19.8% of the vote.  That's winning!
No it's the country vs You meathead
Good morning my President
It ain't over til the fat lady sings, he will win the run off!
You really don't get numbers do you. Or facts. Or seem to realise people have their own eyes and ears...
U. Have no clue do u ?? Did u look at the republican numbers ?? That doesn't tell u ! People don't like u dem 48% what's wrong with u get it
If House/Senate were a business, their business would be bankrupt. No compromise. U need to meet w/all & tell them we r fed up w/them!
I think you need to realize: States vote some of the most uncompromising for 30 years.+ It's Voters who put them there. Nominate others.
Let's beat your #ossoff #flipthe6th
Too bad you failed in Washington.  Tell us more about the electoral college.... Lol
Her percentage was pretty low for a Republican... hopefully Jon ossoff will win in June!!
Hollywood vs Georgia?? - it is intelligence vs stupidity - it is sanity vs insanity - it is reality vs FAKE news - it is a vote against DJT
You so velly clazee...
Your regime will be over soon. Disgraced Karen Handel just the first of many GOP candidates to be replaced. America is tired of their greed!
"Failing" is an interesting word here. #resist
Can you PLEASE address the American public about our Russian friendship? Are they going to help us with North Korea? No war with RUSSIA PLZ.
Karen Handell loves Georgia. She would be the best respresentative for the 6th.
@JonOssoff got almost 50% of the votes - a higher percentage than you!
#SheCanHandelIt
How should Americans fight your constant lying / misinformation / help from KGB ? ?
what a hateful soul
She will lose.
Um, Ossoff had more votes, and its not over yet. Your reign of terror, however, will be. Soon.
My money is on GEORGIA!!
U should probably stop telling news casters, private military information. Especially submarines. That defeats the purpose of sending subs.
#takebackcongress
Isn't Celebrity Apprentice and Prez Bannon's 18 producing credits straight outta' Hollywood? #Yup #IfOnlyIHadABrain
CA has declared WAR on you  Mr. Pres! FIGHT BACK & don't let CA win war in fighting laws of this country
Not hard to fight back with martial law in place! #MAGA
Why you don't even try to look Presidential and stop Tweeting NONSENSE and STUPIDITIES, Grow Up if you can't as a person, Try as President
Ossoff didn't lose,  he received the most votes. First you can't read, now you can't count. What's next? #SoCalledPresident #incompetent
And u still can't put through an agenda. Seems like a failure at the head of the government. 
No, you are failing.
I tried to vote but unfortunately it was out of my district here in Ga. we feel its a vote for Trump and against Anti-American Left.
rava xart batono ronald trump
@trumpy17
U POS!! It is a red district ... It is Russia vs USA
Are you kidding me? Hollywood? (Tweets the pathetic reality TV host)
Great for our area in southwest Virginia that the coal mines are up and running again. TVA announced they will not use coal!!
Wld be really nice FOR ONCE to get ur facts straight It's obvious you ignorant in Math also! She got10.5 - Ossof got 48.6! Where's the win?
Another example of POTUS lying about an obvious fact: GOP losing grip on traditional ruby red state. WIN for Dems!
put your money where your mouth is.. Stop manufacturing your products & ivankas products in China!!! Bring it back to  USA!
Great job Karen Handel? You know she lost right? By a lot. I thought you were supposed to know about #winning? Math is hard though 19% < 48%
You know every nickelback song word for word and you shower with crocs and swimming trunks. #shotsfired
I support Jon Ossoff. #minoritypresident
correction:Hollywood vs Apprentice.

Only on your twisted mind would a first place finish by Ossaff be considered losing. Please.
You're in the White House because hackers and leakers prevented a criminal for President. Be kind to those who made you @POTUS.
Do Dems like Peeps?
Hollywood vs Georgia.
I'm going to say this every time you tweet something like this. Don't you have a country to run?
May the Lord bless & keep you, & make His face to shine on you. In Jesus' name, & no more dem wins, thank you Jesus, Praise God.
you don't understand how this election works...

Just show your taxes
In my life this is the 1st Time I've witnessed Liberals incite violence upon any age, gender & terrorize Conservatives who support Trump. 
#Fakenews so SAD! Big baby liar POTUS.
YOU failed in Kansas!
#OSSOFF WILL WIN RUNOFF, Vote!
You know who is a really BIGLY failure? You. President Kushner should get rid of you.

Really dems fail? Rep could not even choose a candidate..why the dems win
Donald getting his Hollywood star. Pretend President
We have to start praying NOW and until the election n Georgia.  No cheating and our choice will get in.  Prayer works when we band together.
Fake news from the fake @POTUS . Most unpopular @realDonaldTrump ever.  Malignant narcissist.  Resign
And when you beg the Dems to help with the budget, you will fail
In three years do you really think we will fail
Whoop! Whoop! Keep up the good work Republicans!
A morally bankrupt person Iike u should ask1 of the flunkies like Kushner orMiller2 get u a copy of Frost/Nixon movie.It's2 late 4ubut still
With all your tweeting about this it is now Hollywood vs. The Donald on June 20. Box office stars vs. low ratings Prez.
Don't celebrate too early!  The DEMS are making moves!
You lost
It's actually: the American people vs one orange maniac
DECENY VERSUS CORPERATION CORUPTION
It's not "Hollywood!" You use that to manipulate and skew your followers into thinking every democrat follows only "Hollywood" values. STOP!
Keep stumping for Karen Handel, you couldn't be helping the Dem cause more.
You know it's an ethical violation to try and use your office to sway an election right?
They came close where they were not supposed to .. its tough ..
So much for wanting to unite rather than divide. How about fighting for ALL Americans and not just your voters?
Sir, YOU are Hollywood.
you are the most negative & insecure little man to walk the face of the earth. Were you not loved as a child, bullied...?
@realDonaldTrump Georgia is the new Hollywood #FlipThe6th #paveitblue
So, where are you golfing this weekend?
@Impeach_D_Trump @realDonaldTrump continuously living in LA LA Land-Fake prez. Show ur tax returns. Stop talking nonsense, u have no idea.
Hollywood? You mean the studios that made you a "star"? Sad. Weak.
Baseball Donnie?
Wake up liar
Karen didn'tdo as well as Ossoff.
Idiot
No one is more Hollywood than you, you run your office like a reality show #illegitimatePOTUS
When u R thrown out of officeby the police+perhaps do jail time 4espionage againstAmerican pple,then mayb u+vlad can retire as retiredcrooks
