The man with literally no redeeming qualities now speaks of order and the value of life. Disgusting. Just resign already!
You made VETERANS wait 25 minutes 4 u & then LIED abt yr "achievements". You r a HUGE failure & #draftdodger. SAD little man! #2MinutePOTUS
For what, a triple bogey on number 8?
This orange turd must be removed from our WH now. RW media that intentionally lies and fear mongers, Fox News must be shut down and removed
please block me
Join ME live from Deez NUTS !!! 
...if you've got the nads, that is.
...and you DON'T.
With you white nationalist

No thanks
JFK sent in federal troops when this happened in the '62. You can't even condemn White Supremacists for fear of offending your base.#Nazi

For your lies??
"Forget it, I have worlds and stories to destroy...."
Join you?!? So we can hear you dance around the word Terrorism and Nazi Behavior using child-like language skills and "mega" words? #RESIGN
The best Hollywood actor's love President Trump.
I'm a pre-existing condition and wouldn't be welcome there

No thanks, you repulse me
WHAT IS THIS AN ADD FOR YOUR GOLF COURSE ???
no
I would rather throw myself in front of a bus than watch you
All your white supremasists, Nazis and kkk constituents are out of control and you have nothing to say.
What for? To hear your white nationalist rhetoric?

TERRY MCAULIFFE for president! God bless you Charlottesville, Virginia.
No thanks, you make me cringe. Ps: the color of your skin is getting worse. You might want to have that checked. #DenounceTrump
This guy is the poster boy for home grown Christian white terrorism.  Not a Muslim.  Not a Mexican.  An American citizen.
What is Christian white terrorism? You mean antifa?
"Join me live, from my vacation home." Dude, anyone can do that now, in their pajamas. It's called live streaming. #TrumpSpeech #TrumpTweets
If only you'd done that instead of run for president & then found out it was a lot harder and more work than you realized, and fucked us all
NOT MY PRESIDENT!!!   RESIGN!!!
Idiot!!
Hell, no. If I want to hear lies I'll watch one of your previous press conferences.
Why won't you explicitly condemn nazis and White supremacists? Like @IvankaTrump did in her mealy-mouthed way?
When cars were used to attack people in France & the UK it was terrorism. Why aren't you calling it what it is when it happens here?!?!?!?!!
MAGA! TRUMP 8 YEARS!
Quite Literally : Leave Office. 
America needs you and your fascist, anti-human decency,  alt-right thugs out of office.
When are you going to say what this is domestic white terrorism
#whitenationalistterrorism 
#whitenationalistterrorism 
#whitenationalistterrorism
Make Trump Great again
RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS
You are so full of wanting to SEE yourself on tv it's Shamefull and beneath the Presidency you hold. Trump TV !! Wtf !
Stand up to the alt-right, the Nazis, the skinheads, the KKK, and all the rest of the racists you coward! Are you too afraid of them???
There's plenty of golf on television. Thanks for the offer though
Keep up the good work and thank  you so much for the job you are doing thank you
UCK. No way
Thanks, but no thanks! I just had lunch.
RESIGN LOSER
No one wants to join @realDonaldTrump at his resort.
Live from the Nazi Sh*t show.. First US Nazi President.  
NAZI=MURDER, HATE, VIOLENCE, DEHUMANIZING OTHERS. What part don't you get?
To join you at Charlottesville ?? U are not for peace you are for hate. #freemason
@realDonaldTrump Mr. President, don't listen to the liberal wing of the GOP....what have they ever done for you? We have your back! End DACA
Pass.
I rather be watching your impeachment
yes ofcourse
BALLESS-CHICKEN SHIT-SPINELESS-PROVACATEUR.  This is UR baby and URs alone.  U brought Terrorism to America.  Home grown & encouraged by U.
Nothing you've said this far has any merit. You are unfit to lead the free world.
For a round of golf or just more hot air?
Cherish our history??! Slavery?? You're kidding, right? Oh, wait. That's right; you're a racist, so you would cherish it.
Join you .  Sorry I uh, uh, have bone spurs. Yea that's it - bone spurs.
Non future killer from world non america it's love you Trump go home
LOL

I'd rather watch flies mating
Did you ad lib "many sides" why? Because you don't want to upset your base and admit that white supremacist are the wrong side. Shame on you
Not worth my time.

I hope you surprise everyone and come out strongly against the white supremists!

Tell NK if they misbehave; they're getting a Nuclear Spanking 
Thank you but no thanks
JUST THINK! FOR YEARS TO COME, YOU WILL STAND AS THE EXAMPLE OF THE WORST PRESIDENT EVER. PERHAPS FOR CENTURIES, SHOULD WE LAST THAT LONG.
I love the way @MELANIATRUMP looks up at #hanksiemers when shes blowing him. He probably likes it too. #presidentcuck
Most of America love President Trump.
Please leave we don't want you in our state thanks
No
Hey DJT are you cheering them on like you do at your disgusting rallies? Are you going to pay their legal fees? White Supremacist Terrorism
Don't want to offend the 33% of your base huh? Them your numbers would really tank. #shameonyou
I will never join you anywhere. You Sir are a Problem the American People need to Resolve.
I did. With a protest sign.
You are the leader of White Nationalist Terrorists. You need to resign.
You said "Anyone who cannot name our enemy is not fit to lead this country"
YOU refused to name White supremacist terrorist
This is Trump & his gang  signature they did it .
Full tape: #charlottesvile fatal crowd-ram with an hour of context and CPR medical. Ram starts -14.08 https://www.facebook.com/TheHill/videos/10155164288944087/ …
Why? You are a groping, nasty, very bad man
This is YOUR FAULT
Little Marco called obese trump out.  Trump is a COWARD.  trump is a PUPPET. Trump is a WIMP. Trump is a intellectual MIDGET trump is aCROOK
Condemn White Supremacy now!
North Korea is the one pushing for this war, not the U.S.. We are basically giving NK a chance here after all the threats about War Heads.

#nazi #putin #cuck #traitor #treason #corrupt #amoral #asshole #wannabedictator #smallhands #goldenshowers #mailorderbrides #loser #bigloser
Y love OBAMA no killer 
Every milita man that failed to keep peace should be arrested.
I wouldn't dare
Quit please.  Xx
You SUCK!
.NO!! Not until you condemn the terrorist attack in Charlottesville!

Good people ate being killed by your Deplorables
I wasn't allowed into your high class club yesterday #MAGA
Denounce white supremacy- you are our President!
IMPEACH NOW!
Resign

Listen:
Wel come trumb.

Will you #resign ?
President Trump..we are hearing the media is covering up the truth about what and who is behind happenings in Charlottesville Virginia. Help
Golfing stops today
Why would I want to do that? So you can congratulate the klan for a job well done ?
No!  Fuck no!  No fucking way!
Fuck no!!!!!  You need to hide 
Thank you President Trump for helping our Veterans. Thank you for denouncing all extreme groups.
Another opportunity you took to promote yourself.That didn't take long
You berated Obama for calling ISIS ISIL. But you won't call domestic terrorists what they are-Neo Nazi White Supremacists. Deplorable coward
No thanks. Rather shove sparklers up my ass and light my pubes on fire. #LockHimUp #ImpeachTrump #25ththe45th #FireTrump
sorry donnie I can't make it. I'm too busy scraping ear fungus from my dogs ear.
Hopefully you will provide us with you resignation
I'm not joining YOU anywhere. Ever.
Trump rules
In this clip you say the hatred is "not Donald Trump".
Hear me now: you are wrong. This is exactly what you have encouraged.
I didn't like GW BUSH, but I HATE..ABSOLUTELY HATE 
TRUMP
Me & thee
why? got another #golf game scheduled?
The confederacy lost.Nazis lost.and you want the Democrats to get over it?Do the right thing support equality in USA  where are you #POTUS
শুধু সূর্য সকল প্রকার শক্তির যোগান দাতা এই কথাটি ১০০ ভাগ ভুল।আমারা সূর্য ছাড়া ও অসংখ্য গ্রহ-নক্ষত্র এর কাছে ঋণী, আবার এই পৃথিবী ও পাওনাদার
Mmm No, I have seen enough damage from hateful racists today.
Hellllllllll Noooo!!!
@POTUS if Muslim had run over some white protesters u would call it terrorism immediately n place blame. Sick double standard. #itsallonyou
Love the way antiTrump people block me from their group. Unicorn chasing snowflakes

I'd rather not
NO THANKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!
stand up like a leader and go to VA to make a real statement against hate. Alt-right owns you...sad
I will not join you, ever, anywhere. You are a very bad president.
Why would we do that. All that comes out of your mouth are lies!
No
