Still on that! Trickle down economics never tricked down. You, your cabinet, & GOP KNOW this. Meet with the workers you've abandoned.
I really wish you'd stop using that phrase. It's so heavily associated with white nationalists it's no wonder they think you're their guy.
Tom, the phrase " Make America Great Again " has nothing to do with the KKK or white supremacy. Obama used the phrase often. You just hack.
Read the tweet. The phrase was "America First" - an old KKK slogan.
That is a lie. It was a Bill Clinton slogan and a Obama slogan.
Please feel free to find me evidence of that's
https://twitter.com/ParkerMolloy/status/861693453012480000 …
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates. By Parker Molloy
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates 
@KellyannePolls I hope NO Bush family era "Regime Change" was part of this Strategy Summit

It's a NATION not a corporation. Leaders SERVE the people.
The regimes that invade prosperity have the same ring tone cheap cheap cheap . #Trump is famously cheap which is why Buffet hired him.
Great Strategic &amp; Policy CEO Forum today with my Cabinet Secretaries and top CEO's from around the United States.… h...
Exciting just rec'd my tweetstream
Thank you Mr. President! Your direct communications are greatly appreciated. You are doing great; too bad Gov is so SLOW!
Wow

"WE don’t like that. That's fascist thing POTUS’s done. Hiring his kids," Coulter said  https://twitter.com/sarrata/status/813226561373609984 … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/8mtjmHu9xPA …
Nice camintm dear sir Trump
Wow! When is the last time that many criminals were in a room at the same time?
Sessions' review of the drug policies will spend billions of tax payer dollars on an already failed "drug war." Stop wasting our money!!!!!
Just another photo opt they got sucked into. Smh
You're certainly not the light! 
Kellyanne Conway's nudes leaked!

Did you figure out how to make even more money for you and your family members? I bet you did. #Swampy
It’s going to occur ur going to take the emerging technologies and bring such organization that will emerge such greatness NEVER seen before
There's no apostrophe in CEOs. Just like there's no president in the White House now. #resign
Great! Allow large companies to obtain government contracts for National Institue of Health, etc.
Drones strategically placed with wide angled lenses and an increase in patrol agents. The wall is archaic and will prove useless.
Why not implement a drone patrol system as a border patrol? Saves money and would be more effective.
Compensating enough? @realDonaldTrump #tinyhandstrump #USPolitics #uspoli
CEOs should NOT be part of deciding policy. They are not in it for the public like our government is supposed to be.
Mr President PLS contact greenriverman@protonmail.com to save billions of lives and billions of dollars God Bless You!
# MakeAmericaGreatAgain and  #AmericaFirst is what Mr. President Trump stands for!
Amen to that.
I love how @POTUS puts "America First"...tweets the news and does an end run around biased #msm !
Was John McCain there to direct??
More talk about crowd size? Talk about compensating for little......hands? 

Democrats have NO ideological center, except hatred for TRUMP – Krauthammer – The Right Scoop http://therightscoop.com/democrats-have-no-ideological-center-except-hatred-for-trump-krauthammer/ …
Trump's speech in three words, Lie, Lie, Lie. That's all folks.
Our government has been handed to corrupt CEOs out to make money for themselves at the expense of American citizens.
Planning on who gets screwed next.
Kelly Ann. How do I get to present a health plan to the POTUS?? I have a solution if he has the nerve
Figuring out how to squeeze the working man more? I know you're not discussing making the corps pay their taxes. Not working to curb greed.
https://twitter.com/Mags661/status/854342767333462020 …
potus making America great again, #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
great teamwork, keep showing them how it's done. #best POTUS ever
Is the factory in Mexico that makes your bullshit clothes closing?
Meanwhile your wearing what? made where.
Zara, but I don't make shit clothes made in China and mexico, hire illegals and then scream "America first". The deflection is getting old.
Please bring back the draft to teach our children to love America again.To love her flag again.To respect each other again. To love GOD!!
Hey,, look at all that garbage
Resign, despicable creature. Delete your account.
Whole lotta white penis in there.
Figure out who the Pres talked to last and you'll know what his foreign policy is, at least until the next guy can get to him.
You are fascinated with the CEO's ! You are a wanna-be sick-o! Makes u feel powerful to call those board meetings huh!#Sick
Maybe you can explain the strategy/policy here? #TrumpFlipFlop
I count that to be about 2 dozen at the tables, U call that a cabinet.I got more than that at our Easter party!Heard yours was poor turn out
Swamp monster meeting

you owe Obama & Rice an apology we know you're too shit hearted to do that now what are you gonna do about
In miniature*
Looks like a basketball court. lol
I thought Syria and North Korea had moved to the top of your list #anywarzonefirst
BAD GRAMMAR! You don't capitalize 'cabinet secretaries' bc those words aren't proper nouns. And that's CEOs...no possession, no apostrophe
Sooo, how screwed over are the rest of us?
Room full or terrorists?
We'll support Trump if he holds fast to his campaign promises. A man of true integrity keeps his word. Keep Bannon. Remove Ryan as Speaker.
Taking requests from your cronies?
I remain expecting to be part of America Great Proceed .My point always has same positive difference. Knowledge, expertice  and mind?
6
@KellyannePolls we support you president Trump and Kelly too
You wouldn't know strategy if it bit you
Hey I will be there are you doing When
When you get a chance 9
Please show us a well thought through policy that helps all Americans ..... No? I thought not.
Why meet with CEOs? Us middle class Americans, who are not afraid of our tax returns, contribute much more to the USA
Just one problem: You're supposed to work for the people as a whole, not the CEOs of America.
So when will we see some policy.  Still waiting. Over 100 days now and nothing
LOL. Great imagination.
Nice to have a president who likes people.
Sure is - what a great change!
: ) Happy Easter, Karen. Stay the happy warrior/writer you are! x
You are a special friend!!!!! 
I feel the same. Have a magical and productive day, Karen. x

And week! x
Ditto!!! 
If America is 1st how about using her money 4 important programs, not Mar-a-Lago & travel costs?
But without business, then you cant have jobs. The only people who can give jobs are the owners/CEOs
Why did the video of the event end with your arms wrapped around your chest and a scowl in your face?
You are just a photo op con man. We see you.

My my my my my my my my my my my my my my my
Great progress..
#princerezapahlavi_trump_SoS
@realDnnaldTrump#Know Biafran are fedup with the countless killings and incarsaration by Nigeria govt
Trump won with A DRAIN THE SWAMP & a SECURE OUR BORDERS message that he now seems to be shrinking back from. Fight liberal judges. #BANNON
I think this policy will be great for usa
this administration is beginning to make the "most transparent administration in history" actually look transparent. #judicialwatch
Any word on the treasonets?
What about leaders of non millionaires and family orieted groups?
Did u & ur top CEOs get together 2 see how u can deregulate & reduce more workers rights? Hand out free Ayn Rand books?
#AmericaFirst Did you discuss this 2007 Revelation https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=nUCwCgthp_E … on #Syria #UNSC #UNGA #OHCHR #UNHCR
Hey SmellyAnne You Lie!! Bulgy We Do Want to  45 Tax Returns
LOLZ  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA 
release your tax returns #TaxMarch
SHOW YOUR TAXES

#ImpeachTrump #DonTheCon : Tax Day protesters across the US demand that #DonTheCon release his tax returns https://gma.yahoo.com/tax-day-protesters-round-us-demand-trump-release-182508928--abc-news-topstories.html?soc_src=mediacontentstory&soc_trk=tw … via
No its not
Basically #POTUSTrump had this meeting to figure new ways to screw the working and make the CEO's more money. They don't care #ImpeachTrump
The POTUS had better meet with mid country caregivers, retail workers,factory workers, retired, before long.We didn't vote 4 GoldmanSachs.
Speaking of #americafirst, can you release your tax returns please?
Interesting take. Let's see. All the KKK folks were dems. Bull Connor-dem, Wallace-dem. MLK- REP... OOPS! Tubman, Truth... all REPs. jusayin
good
Bet all of THESE folks released THEIR #TaxReturns #TaxMarch #taxday #TrumpTaxReturns
More cabinet secretaries and top CEOs around the country than at the inauguration.
TAX RETURNS
So you & some other sociopaths got together to officially conspire on ways to take the little of our wealth we still have.
encourage them to hire older people.Can you please raise social security for over 65 folks who worked? $800 a month is poor
You should try strategy with generals and congress before any more aggressive posturing and shows of strength orange dictator.
where are the African American CEO of America? You are not speaking to all Americans.
Take a hard look at the people at your table and try to figure out what's wrong... give it some great big amazing thought...
Greasing their palms in exchange for support.....SAD
Where are your taxes? No draining of the swamp! Secretaries are the rich, rule by corporate interest.
Look, we have been living in fear from Isis and north korea, it is about time our potus stop this fear for all. Good job.
your whole cabinet was CEOs you brought the swamp to Washington. USA is not a business it's peoples lives
So is this meeting to find out what they want? When will poor sick white women get to speak?
Can you two just go back to to your black hole... Please. #impeachtrump
#keepbannon
Couldn't be that great since your strategy and policies are going to land us in WWIII. I am astounded by what a terrible pres you are.
america is not first, you are! you want to make sure we will think you are great, and you will do any thing to get that so america will not
Did you all talk about golf and "The Apprentice?" White power? What?
"Happy Easter "to the first family iam proud to look to!
Finally a real president, not a politician
