Thanks for making America great again
What happened to the invite for the University of South Carolina Lady Gamecock basketball team???

#Pittsburgh
Those guys respect our flag NFL should  take notice
the NFL can learn a lesson in respect from the NHL.
They're winners.  Something you've never actually been and never will be.
Makes me sick that my team was there, with you!
@SineFeng
OK, that'sit... No more Hockey for me.  What a disgrace!
I love you Trump
'll put opp p900000 90
White event again!
Who needs the NFL OR NBA! I'm a hockey fan now! GO PENGUINS!!!
No, root for the @TBLightning
Gee that was MIGHTY WHITE of you.
@Ed they already went to the White House and tour last season ,he won't be thrown out of office but BClinton was and it's called Impeached)
I guess only white people are welcomed in the Whitehouse.
What was that?
Glad you finally found someone to come! Haha
And, I should really say, I appreciate the @warriors, too. We are all Americans and can agree to disagree about many things. Love ya!
PUKE!
Looks like it was fun.
Donald always invite All Athletic Champions yo the White House let the team the league train them on protocol , respect Indv Can stay home!
Sir the congolease are desappointed about your altitude . Why you are support a killer like kabila?
You mean someone actually showed up to meet you 
Players makes NFL there grown as men and the President sucks on all issues in America he killing us not helping we got more issues now
Don't know damn body wanna be in the white House next to a racist President we all have our rights played make football not that  man Trump
Donald needs to be on the Media along side all the men in sexual harrasment what makes him exempts cause he's President wrong wrong
I only wish it was the Nashville Predators. I would have won $300 and got to see Carrie Underwood sing more :)


Hertha Berlin Players #takeaknee / Can't stop them you Orange Bum! #25thAmendment #nfl #anthem
O.k. Mr.President.
do the world a favor and resign peacefully don the con.
Congrats @penguins but not this year......Go @PredsNHL !
well I used to be a Penguins fan no more resign now traitor

Listen all of y'all it's a Sabotage
On Health Safety & 1st Amd
#ACAsabotage #PR #IranDeal #PenceStunt #NBCLicence
Don't you mean "honer"?
You'll FLOTUS too!
Majority are not Americans. Sad.

Thanks for making America great again

You should not host anything, you are an embarrassment to The United States of America!!’  RESIGN RESIGN AMERICA WANTS YOU TO RESIGN
the Champw.
A bunch of patriots I hear...even though you know...not all Americans...um right? Very low IQ must make being President very difficult

David 5

Sorry they don’t give a flying fuck about you. Just there for the tour 
They look awfully diverse 
where's batman when you need him?
FAKE NEWS

You're so much more comfortable when they're all white, aren't you? Sad 
Very Good Mr. Donald Trump and FLOTUSGod Bless You To
#thisishowoursupermarketslookinpr #nofood #puertoriciansareuscitizen2 #mariahurricane #puertorico #pristherealstory
Whiteness  all about
And now hockey will never be respected by me
I guess white hockey players do not think black life's matter, like you lol
Hai sir
Your toupee looks awful, and your hands unusually small..
You called foreign people true American patriots?  Do you even pay attention?
I'm american / Canadian and I take offense to your tweet!!
Shame on you @penguins ! You should have never been to the White House!  #TakeTheKnee
They'd sure like you to say that to their faces, being Canadian and all! Think before you speak!!!!
Your making a mockery of the Canadian government and yet all of of those young men you met at the place your taking up space
Those are the only fools who will show up! THE US HATES TRUMP!
And defend the constitution?
Where are the disrespected pro African Americans? I served for 20 years for people's right to protest. Why does this president not support
Made me proud of pittsburgh. The Steelers are BUMS
Everyone hates you so much
So white.
That's a whole lot of white.
DONALD TRUMP TIENE MÁS AIRE DE CÓMICO QUE DE PRESIDENTE.
ZzZZ
Who is the captain
Do you even know any of there names
Oh by the way the team is probably made up of 40% Canadian & as you won’t allow Canadians to tour your White House. Go figure 
Effective in 2011 puts it on Obama http://international.gc.ca/world-monde/united_states-etats_unis/Notice_White_house-avis_maison_blanche.aspx?lang=eng …
That is old as yours began for Canadians and was put on hold again when Trump took over
Canadians were in the WH Doof.
By special invitation o my to make himself look good oh wait they only show him with Americans
Okay.  You understand you’ve cursed them to failure now. Because everything you touch turns to piss.


Thanks...
So disappointed they honored you with their presence.  Bigot and narcissist, you don't deserve it.
What a wonderful sight. Way to go Pittsburgh Penguins! You're CHAMPIONS and Role MODELS for everyone. Thank you President and Mrs. Trump
You **do** know that #Preds were robbed, right?  #FakeNews may have kept u distracted with #CatfishGate!!!  

#PredsPride #RedNationRising #RNRTN #Tnleg #IStand
So glad the @NHL & @penguins are NOT politicizing this, just @realDonaldTrump is. Hockey is hockey & that's at they do best #gopens!
What they do best *
Wow, look at that crowd! Looks awfully monochromatic, doesn't it?

RT if you agree it's time for the Administration to invoke the #25thAmendment-we will start RTing the hashtag once this is at 1,000 RTs 
Have fun with the russians, canadians and slovenians.
Sad to see this as a hockey fan..its embarrassing
#hockeypride
Look...they gave @POTUS a tiny Stanley Cup for his tiny hands. Lmao
Nice but most of them are Canadians because Trump wanted a team that might come most NE Patriots didn't go to the Trump Party
Go Pens
Hockey players are a class act. Dress and act well, so different than football.
No kneelers amongst that group
Do some work you helmet
I was seriously disappointed in my team accepting your invitation. I won’t boycott or demean as you do but YOU should have felt honored.
Most hockey players are #Canadian and have always respected both the Canadian and American anthems. #nhl is a classier organization.
Were they carrying ceremonial tiki torches?
Only 15 can vote the other 23 are not Americans do you think they really care about YOU? 
Thanks James for giving the Pens, a great franchise, who didn't get involved in politics, some props.
Sweet, one more reason to hate the @penguins!
Not a lot of brothers in that group
They all disinfected their hands afterwards
One thing I have noticed sir is that the people coming into the country now are very nice well- Manor people of faith;
People that came into the country during the Obama administration were very harsh and hateful people. I can only speak from experience.
Thank you.
So proud of my @POTUS & so proud of our Pittsburgh Penquins. They will be back next year to shake hands again with @realDonaldTrump HONORED
Did she strip for them?
yea because no other Team can stand bring in your present.
And that ladies and gents is how a professional sports team respects a countries leader. All class!!!
WE'RE TAKING YOU DOWN.
Class act by President Trump AND the Pittsburg Penguins. At least Pittsburg has ONE professional sports team that's proud to be American!
, Penguins FTW
Hope they kneel
Really at @realDonaldTrump what a joke.
Why have you kept silent on the Hammond's of Oregon?  Free them from prison.  No respect no honor?  What is the problem?
LIAR!!!
Great job, Mr. President. Keep up the good work. Behind u 110%
@RealJamesWoods @FLOTUS so disappointed that @penguins and @NHL honored this man.
All white men
Nice!
Think ill watch NHL and not nfl.
invite white hockey players, but dis-invite black basketball players. Demand action on black players kneeling but no mention of why they r.
America has suffered catastrophe after catastrophe since you took office! At this rate there will be no America by 2020
 My God, can't we just enjoy our American Sports without you planting your ass in the middle of it ? Give us a break from seeing your face!
#BoycottNFL wasn't enough for you
so big deal i do not see anything that is so great about have the lying penguns there
Of course. You’re most comfortable surrounded by white men. No one else likes you.
And this is why I would never support them! Lost all respect. They should have just taken a knee
From my observations, there is YUGE difference in how youth become stars on gridiron & on ice. Heart of working America behind hockey. 
Booo
Glad to be a fan of a team that stands and respects our flag. Along with respecting our President
I see they gave you a StanleyCup scaled to your hands!
Great day 4 #POTUS and #NHL A very nice event recognizing the Penguins
Penguin train with FLOTUS!
We respect the Pittsburgh Penguins for respecting the Potus & his office!
Ask them how that opener went.
perhaps the 1st thing you have done right. Did you make it about  yourself again Donny#emotional intelligence
Yo....it's apparent you like the sports with the white guys better. #haterinchief #ImpeachTrump
Why don't you address the California fires
#MAGA weren't  they all white guys?
hockey is a white sport go figure none of the blacks want to meet you. I can't blame them.
class act team! LETS GO PENS!
Hi Linda!! Trump makes me nervous for real!!! Stupid Orange thing!!!

Hockey great sport
