Calls coming in from citizens of PR not getting Aid, Mayor is passing out aid to her staff only, is this true?
Probably. The US sent aid, but the teamsters were on strike before the hurricane struck.
Twitter not letting me retweet you @jane_doe4321, just letting you know 
If you're on FB, I am Patty Hughes. Look for the black Amstaff in my profile pic.
Is the Truckers Strike Teamsters called still going on?
It's not true and never was true. Even Fox News agrees.
salom
USVI needs help too!!
GOD BLESS FEMA AND ALL OF THE FIRST RESPONDERS
When people stand together. That's when miracles begin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K3QTCh3BLNE …
ME TOO Thank You FEMA!
Mr. President just want to say you doing a great job for the USA. Others just Jealous. God blessings
Hire me : https://goo.gl/WuzNW6 
my portfolio:http://rtahmin.com 
....Really!?! It wasn’t a sporting event, #dotard! And the 1st thing out of your mouth, always, is how much someone praised you!!!...
ILLEGITIMATE. Who can be proud of a man who thinks paper towel tossing is an appropriate response to tragedy. Trump is an embarrassing pig.
Thank you FEMA! As far as you’re concerned: you are pathetic ridiculous excuse of a human being! Throwing paper towels out in the crowd!...

You should be...their hands are tied, WH support dwindled to tweets and more climate change driven disasters than they can handle people 1st
Got that propaganda machine hummin' yet?
until the hurricane you had no idea PR is part of the US.  You are the biggest embarrassment on the world stage.
You are a great man thank you Mr President
#MAGA
#fucktrump
Thank You!!!

So why don’t you send more help to PuertoRico, they need it not paper towels now that was shameful. You want to be proud HELP THEM!!
And thank you for your proposed retirement cuts and benefit reductions!  We first responders are lucky to have your support
thank u for going to Las Vegas and doing what u did :)
See all that water and food, they never seen or touch it..and they are still waiting for it..
Trump is, indeed, “IT”Stephen King!
زيي العسل
Sorry hurricane victims, if you wanted our president’s support you should’ve been football players standing during the anthem.
Get into the mountains.
Pakistan. army distory you one day understand donel remember in you minde
i wish this would be done for our homeless in the USA, trump dont care
They do a wonderful job.
Now if only there was some leadership to establish a plan of action to restore infrastructure and meet basic needs
That was very presidential and nice!
Free Dr. York
As a 20+ year paramedic and retired firefighter of 14+ years, please don't drag responders into the political rhetoric. We do n't need it.
Where's are wall?
Jimmy Carter created FEMA
That heroic security guard saved many lives!
And we are proud of YOU - ALL OF YOU!! (That means you too, @SharylAttkisson !)


Thanks for pictures!
Like, for the past 8 years someone worked to actually make America great again after a recession.
https://youtu.be/-aJ5wlnyhHw 
Me too
95% without power and you must try harder and present seriously. No joke for PR, paper towels...
IDIOT
Just build a super boring machine like Elon musk, and sneak up on the fat bastard in N.Korea underground.
silly
We like You but Don't think the paper towel thing was a good Idea neither was playing down the deaths that was Not acceptable
Too bad you were a draft-dodger!
Good... way overdue... at least it is happening.
They Also are sitting on their butts not Helping to save their people.  Not pitching in as WE DO here.We could not help Mexico either.
Impeach Trump-did u not read what they r doing?They are bitching cuz Trump is not doing enough-have our own tragedies-$BILLIONS WORTH
We lllll
Great job done
So proud of Hillary for shaming you into helping Puerto Rico.
Trump is doing such a fantastic job, that the left is just freaking out!
Your "pride" bar is really low....
TRUMP DROP DEAD so we can have new president you aren't anyone president
Go Trump!
Your just so proud of everything aren't ya Donnie! Appears to be your favorite comment.


To get Puerto Rico back on its feet within a reasonable time, what is needed is a unit that knows how to navigate the situations. #SEABEES
#loser

Do they stand there and punt out towels like a twat to those in need?

Oh so that's why you cut FEMA and want to cut a third of the USCG budget. Now it all makes sense. Cut th guard, easier to bring drugs in.
Good thing it wasn't a real hurricane disaster, eh, Trump? #TrumpPuertoRico
You & FEMA doing great.  Should only rebuild inexpensive disaster proof houses. See @monolithicdomes  for FEMA recommended building tech
This is a drain on our economy. What is left for OUR people? What about other crisis in America? too eager to help unappreciated USA!

You are doing very little to help them, they are a US territory and we are failing them.
Proud of President Trump,FEMM,Militaty and First Responders thank u for carrying
We need to kill them all..cof cof sorry i want to say WE NEED TO BUILD A WALL

Wish we could say the same about you.
Thank you so much President Trump, God bless you and America
Really? I am not, people still dying here PR, U have no idea what's hunger and thirst means you haven't suffered either
CNN be like: Oh my God: Donald Trump assaulting a US ARMY Veteran in PR...
To all the negative critics: you are the embarrassment, the anchor, the problem.
Don't you dare hide your hate behind the American flag
FINALLY SOMEONE THERE TO DISTRIBUTE THE MASS AMOUNT OF SUPPLIES SITTING AT THE PIER?
He was already dead before the police got there you horrible little orange gnome
Thank you President Trump.  God Bless You & God Bless the USA. #MAGA
Thank you Mr. President!
Ignore the trolls you're doing a great job! Keep up the good work!
I parked next to exploded suitcase bomb today in big box parking lot. Just want to be safe in US.
Notice "Father & StepMother" r not in any #PuertoRico pics but at a #GolfResort w/fresh water what a loser #president & #Dad & u know it!
Military military military, focus on the PEOPLE. You love to boast, brag abt yrself, wrong talking points. Paper towels? Embarrassment.
Fuck you, you fucking FUCK!
I’m pretty sure @Bethenny has done more to help Puerto Rico than you...  @Andy
True American spirit
Delusional.  You’re not doing enough    Throwing paper towel is a F-
No matter how awesome you do or how great you make America the left is going to complain and find a way to make it all look bad
Sounds like the right vs Obama 
Sad part of generic comments like that - they apply to everyone and anyone
Love trump
Put them back up if you got them. Let Trump know we support him. The news will not say so.
Amazing! God bless!
Me too.  Great job from all and especially President speech.  Heart warming, kind, and caring.
Thank you Mr President for making us proud of the USA again.  I just had a dream that you came to Thanksgiving Dinner.  Always Welcome!
God Bless you all!
#VegasStrong
Puertoricans love you @POTUS  
U disgraced us by your actions & comments in PR yesterday. U must be IMPEACHED!
Thank you President Trump!
You REALLY should learn how to empathize!
Please make American great again as you promised.
Nice Russian ads
And you did what??  Threw paper towels at them??  Your such a loser...
Was them Bounty paper rolls?

The best story you'll read! How Agua the dog & @USFWS employees helped save a woman in Puerto Rico https://on.doi.gov/2wyaU5c  #HurricaneMaria 
#TrumpIsAMoron
Why didn't you go to Vietnam?

I’m so proud of you, Mr. President. You continue to show genuine love and concern with action! God bless you.
嘿嘿嘿
With all the devastation in a short period of time these folks ought to be commemorated! The clowns who speak otherwise are haters.
Thank you Pres Trump for showing how to lead "from the Front"!
Yes, two people have electricity now.
We as in AMERICAN'S & GOD LOVE YOU PUERTO RICO #PuertoRicoStrong

GOD BLESS AMERICANS
President Trump!
The us hates you

Americans salute you Mr President, we're behind you, trying to stand as one! Cheers!
You know that Puerto Ricans are U.S. citizens…right?   B/c it isn't obvious from your tweets.
This has been very exhausting few months for all of them. Thankyou to workers who have been away from their own families to help others.
Thank you very much for everything you have done for Puerto Rico.
And thx to the NRA who made all this possible... You are so [censored]. But that's what people from palatine r: children of brother & sister
So embarrassed by your incompetence and ignorance. Please learn to speak like an adult.
We love you Big Man. Keep fighting for us please
So proud of you President Trump! Great work of FEMA! I pray for you and your family!!
We are proud of YOU!
continue to ignore climate change and continue to get out of the international climate agreement is irresponsible!
Great work Mr. President. You're the best. We are very proud of you, you're God sent.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS pre, thank you for putting America first... It's been way too long...
#WorstPresidentEver

