.@realDonaldTrump Sweetie, we understand you just learned some information about Asia, and that's exciting, but this isn't very coherent.
.@realDonaldTrump When your foreign policy takes are "Won't happen!" and "Nice!" you sound less Presidenty and more like a novice, angel.
.@bessbell The reality is that @realDonaldTrump is unpredictable. When dealing with US enemies, such unpredictability is an asset --
.@bessbell @realDonaldTrump unpredictability is a deterrent to aggression when the potential aggressor is the less powerful party.
HAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHHAHAHAHHA
.@bessbell @realDonaldTrump This was proven in 1974. The Vietcong thought Nixon was crazy. So they kept the peace accords only until he left
.@lawyermatt @realDonaldTrump Nixon ordered Haldeman to halt peace talks to secure his re-election, you truly bizarre ideologue.
The thing is, smart people who support Trump scare me more than the uninformed people who bought his schtick.

You can't even pronounce "China" correctly you stupid baby-handed washed up bald old man.
Are you actively trying to start a war? Because it sure seems like you are. Chill out, man! #trump #stoptweeting #PLEASE
What massive amounts of money & wealth will you and your Cabinet colleagues take for yourselves during the Presidency?
Not more then Hillary would have!
Maybe it's time to cut Chins off at the hip.
N Korea is run by China. Set a deadline of march1 2017 for china to dismantle there missiles in N Korea or US  will react.
Happy Kwanzaa
Fix it then 
So true Mr. President. We need superior negotiating internationally from you. We know you have the genius to win for us all
chapter. 11
shut up lol
We get plenty out of trade with China. And they've brought hundreds of millions out of poverty. Nuance is hard.
@ in the words of Archie Bunker you are nothing but a Pinko commie
@realDonaldTrump of course we get tons of stuff out of trade with China &is labeled DONALD J TRUMP COLLECTION.
Gonna have your hands full Drumpf. You're pretty smart. Smart enough to #resign or be #impeached
perhaps you can persuade them !
Trump’s behavior as very “childish and impulsive,” , “China and other powers in the world are not going to be bullied.”
Throw out more sports Tweets. That's the only thing Hussien Obama did well. You like Oklahoma or Auburn tonight? #Sooners
pleassssssse let someone have your twitter account. Pleasssssssssssssseeee
traitor impeach
How much is it that you owe the Bank of China? $600Million or $650 Million? Plus $365 Million to Deutchebank? Wow.
stop provoking  China you incompetent nightmare!
do you mean nice sarcastically? This trying to get laughs on twitter is really not presidential tubby
hey it's Monday evening after a few cocktails at Trump Tower, why don't I try to destabilize our relationship with China?
Now that was funny
Maybe you should talk to them. Oops too late they are already pissed off at us. I guess it's going to be a trade war
Calling them out on Twitter. Genius that 
They'll help if you get real rough with them!
.@realDonaldTrump WOW! Stating the obvious!
.@realDonaldTrump Cannot wait for the next obvious statement you make !
Ah comon Donald just tax them more instead of starting a trade war then they will have to put up prices lol. keep cool
If you think it from China's viewpoint, then it makes total sense.
Yes It is very True,China is the most disrespectful country to USA,South Korea&Japan.China helps NoKo to launch ICBM to USA
Seems the pResident elect needs to keep up better with current events.  China is helping with North Korea you fool.
you will do nothing snowflake... sad
it's all subcontractor contracts American corporations

#Pussies
Are all of the cheap souvenirs with your trademarked slogans that you sell to your gullible groupies made in China?
don't you owe the bank of China a lot of money?
yes he can
How much of the #Trump debt do #Chinese banks hold? #Russian banks? @realDonaldTrump
Ask many times but Trump has never gave a clear  honest answer!
As he saber rattles and marches into wars, Congress must ask or the people demand answers @campbellj4 @realDonaldTrump
I agree with that! This is the most dangerous POTUS we have had!
#TraitorTrump @realDonaldTrump can't get loans from American banks so his allegiance is NOT USA!
resign
you lost lol
we still won the popular vote by 2,8M votes despite voter suppresion and russian hacking
Awe well popular vote doesn't matter and what hacking? Take your tin foil hat off
hacking emails to hurt clinton, and yes popular vote matters, it means that the dems are still the majority
all her crimes caught up to her
American people are going to stand behind you Donald Trump I trust you you have more Intel then I do
he is both dishonest and incapable
oh that might be what people say about you also
the funny thing is u dont see u are led to the butcher. In a few years u will wonder why ur life worsened
Time will tell all till then we have spoken as Americans and Donald Trump is our president
I've said it before, I'll say it again. Don't start a nuclear war.
Cry baby! What is wrong with you liberal fools! Get ahold of yourself! Trump isn't going to do anything stupid!
I think his use of Twitter is brilliant and targeted! Study them instead of getting angry. You'll understand!
I beg you to look deeper. He's actually very intelligent but I agree his methods are not PC and often offensive
You're listening to liberal media he's getting briefed daily! Don't buy into silly propaganda.
CAIR Joins With Black Lives Matter And Calls For Islamic Revolution In The USA (Video) http://truthuncensored.net/cair-joins-with-black-lives-matter-and-calls-for-islamic-revolution-in-the-usa-video/ …
If Muslim revolution occurs  in the USA, the United States people will rise up and crush the shit out of it
believe everything trumpmsaid.=sheep
You benefit from American roads and bridges and infrastructure and hospitals but don't pay a penny in taxes. Also not nice!
meanwhile the tax code he uses for that exact situation was signed into law by .... BillaryClinton
China is NOT your friend!They have USED the West to turn themselves into a global FORCE<now threatening regional neighbors!
they will be a huge threat in years to come playing all sides to their advantage
Exactly! They have been doing it for decades and we dumbsh*ts have been asleep at the wheel buying their crap.
and our gov wants to side with them instead of USA so dumb this gov
Gough Whitlam started it all>now we have a conga line of fawning sycophants making their pilgrimage2Beijing.
can't wait for trump to rattle them a bit
If he can't stop the rot, America and the West will be in a crate load of trouble with capitol T. 
yes they will hopefully they don't bump him off he's going to need some good security
Enforce the Laws of this land & remove all Muslims...
@AGMcThugabobs @realDonaldTrump oh hush. Our Constitution guarantees freedom of religion. Don't pick and choose.
Islam is outlawed in US. Laws of this land need to be enforced. Islams is not a religion.
actually...ummm...Islam *is* a religion. A very, very old one. Almost 1/4 ppl are Muslim.
But you are OK with the KKK and the white Christians who hide in the kkk
How many people have the KKK killed or even harmed in the past 20 years? Case closed.
you would be manifest that happened her..hell.it did and we fucked up 4 countries 5
The worst part of his tweets is the exclaimed emotion they all end with. Sad! Nice! Thanks Donald! Not!
or you know his threats to other sovereign nations that will likely get us into a war.
Ok. The actual worst part is that they strongly suggest he's still alive.
maybe it's a bot?
Purposely programmed to be that dumb?
programming genetics. Whatever.
Gah, I dunno. I lost the ability to distinguish reality from insanity about 16 months ago.
yeah it's been tough to hold on to reality
why not ? Do something about the trade indifference and real estate holdings! China owns more of the US than the US does !
what about your shitty clothes and Ivankas shitty shoes. They are made in China and you took no issue with that did you?
No, he can't see the hypocrisy of his own dealings. It's sad, so very sad.
We send China paper with pictures on it; they send us goods. Sounds like a good deal to me.
don jr quote: "Russians make up a pretty disproportionate cross-section of a lot of our assets'" http://www.eturbonews.com/5008/executive-talk-donald-trump-jr-bullish-russia-and-few-emerging-ma …
what help are you looking for with regard to North Korea?
Conniving China leaves N. Korea on poker table as negotiating chip for leverage against us on S. China Sea, trade, military
Conniving China likely TOLD N. Korea to throw nuke tantrum so China gets attention for upcoming deals like Russia. "Me too"
@SpitfireSuzy we need to buy more American
Please make us a target MORE.  Blasting China is not wise and it was never one-sided, we printed $ we didn't have for them.
Plz, borrow money to me for living in there.
"China" isn't taking anything from the US. US corps, like your clothing line, send jobs there for cheap labor.
How much money does the Trump organization owe China?  #eatabagofdicks
sshh, we need them.
Just shut up. No one wants to hear your bullshit.
not entirely. we benefit from cheap stuff that we need to live. you penalize them, you penalize us
Wow. As if being UnPres isn't hard enough, you want to go into office starting wars. Adding war profiteer to your resume?
Maybe you can do something about that @realDonaldTrump?  I mean you and Putin are best buds now...come up with a plan to screw "Jina".
@07Kevin11
and yet, you still have clothing made there...
So 100O law school profs oppose Sessions.  Who the Hell cares. Law school profs are usually Marxist radicals.  GO SESSIONS!
Release your taxes.
Then why do you have your ties and other product made over there, you lying bad of crap?
what are you going to do about it?
you hero you trump
deal with it clownstick

is there a problem? You can print as much as you want!
here's an idea Mr Trump ....  STOP BUYING THEIR STEEL!!!!  Maybe they'd have less and USA workers would have more.
better be careful! They will call in your loan and it doesn't sound like you have the money to pay for it!
China has always done underhanded things. They also lie about the average income of their citizens .
what about the money it loans us by buying us treasury bonds - they own us.........
Thank you, we love it
Totally agree with you. . And I don't think this is 'war mongering', it's calling a spade a spade. China has much to lose with Make in US.
Isn't that the US does with its global companies around the world? 'We're bigger than you. Our way or no way'
It's one sided because America refuses to sell things. That F-35 you say is so expensive. China will buy one ;) Happy?
Agree China sells junk, garbage not dependable products ebay is a prime exple they often sell but fail to deliver &norefund
The Beijing Politburo has kept the current North Korean regime going for some time. @michaelledeen @allnews2nite
I believe Trump is afraid of Putin that is why he keeps defending him. He is a coward .
now that i think about it, china doesn't really seem to care
Looks like your Russian bosses are setting you up for a fight with China so when the dust settles.. Putin ends up on top...
Chinese banks fund your projects & make your http://products.YOU  created this problem.Take responsibility.
Oh, burn.
Silly little man-child.
the depths of your geopolitical ignorance are staggering
Stop making all your crap over there, stop building with Chinese materials and start doing what you led Americans to believe you WERE doing
China should stop making business with you, you have served your pockets very well using them. Nice!
特朗普同学，你的聪明和智慧让我看见了美国真正走向衰败的转折点。天道酬勤，就凭中国人过着比西方国家人差十倍的生活，却比西方国家人干辛苦努力勤奋十倍的工作，一来一去是一百倍，即使两个国家实力相差一百年，中国人也不服输，总有一天，属于他的，终将属于他！
sounds like you paid China to help with North Korea, US has agreement on that with China?
jerks
And you've been the profiteer of this, don't act High and Mighty now! Your lying and the World knows it!
#embarrasing
Military China and Business China are not on same page. I do not see both getting along anytime soon.
@XHNews @EyeOfJackieChan nobody can influence @Kim_Chen_Eun except him himself.
So how much steel do you buy from China? How exactly does THAT help?
New POTUS certainly embodies the eloquence suitable for the leader of the party of Lincoln. NOT!
#TrumpEatsPoop #DumpTrump
As you like to point out, that's good business!
You are disgusting and you make me sick!
@bradd_james @Blueskyemining @kaylama54674519 
And won't stop eating dogs 

weak past POTUS policies! No spine, no business sense! Only tax spend tax spend and world apology tours.
Take a look at a hyena clan they are relentless. The Dems in Congress are not repeat are not going to cooperate with you
川普，欢迎来中国。
Really? North Korea always takes money from China, in past.  China's current leader, XI is trying to go back traditional..
Are all these tweets made to make you feel relevant since majority hates u and trump voters starting to have regrets? @CNN
I hear a bunch of winy little butches accept what is and move forward
and you helped out with that.  Why did you buy all that steel from China?
you were endorsed by Kim Jong Un! Why are you complaining about China?
stop china

True!!!
How much money have you taken from China since no U.S. bank will loan you money? China, Russia, & Saudi Arabia are a few!!
now N Korea uses weapon of mass destruction a killing in another country would they attack Guam with vx? time to stop them.
@XHNews @EyeOfJackieChan  has a lot of kids..hungry,too.ClimateThere isn't safe now, either..'cuz to breathe hard..Smoke
Impose heavy tariffs against imports goods from Mainland China.
my daughter is in South Korea now in the Air Force. Please make sure you do everything you can to make sure she's safe.
same thing happens with american companies that have profits from investments in foreign economies;that's capitalism!
You won't help the middle class and say you hate my book. What's the diff?
STOP TWEETING STOP TWEETING STOP TWEETING
what a horrific place to discuss sensitive foreign policy. Only one POTUS at a time, so shut up and #DeleteYourAccount
How much money have you and your cronies given China for your products sold and products used in your businesses???
pakis
Routine is not deep enough
Immediate 35% tariffs on all trade deficits, calculated by prior months deficits! 
35% of 40 billion, monthly.
they need to know there actual worth ..
@PentagonPresSec you people only talk nothing to do for stop them

Trump caps, ties made in China. #TrumpLeaks #Traitor #Putinspuppet #RESISTANCE #TrumpLies @realDonaldTrump

YOUR CRAP IS MADE THERE, DONALD. THIS IS ON YOU.
It would be nice to be able to purchase more products made in the USA. Everything is from freaking China.
I know, all those Trump clothing made in china, has to be sending thousands of jobs to them instead of the USA
Something tells me that the diplomacy involved is a tad more complex than that. Just a guess, though.
Why does China get a free ride on NK? China doing business when "sanctions" are on...it's about time they were called out
. They dont care about us. They just take, take, take
how much do you owe China and Russia.
Twist their arm!
If you stop Buying Chinese steel and manufacture your products in US, you would create jobs in US.
in few months @realDonaldTrump will start manufacturing all products indigenously but for tht he needs to kick easyvisa out
Work your magic Donnie. Give away more tax credits with money WE don't have and save jobs. Screw the little guy some more.
DJ
http://www.newsmax.com/t/newsmax/article/763501?section=Politics&keywords=China-Trump-America-Jobs&year=2016&month=12&date=12&id=763501&aliaspath=%2FManage%2FArticles%2FTemplate-Main&oref=www.google.com … @CNBC  #economy #globaltrade #thinkbeforeyouspeak
...why is it that Trump doesn't want Intel briefing...
resign

Good point!
you will make china great again
you have ZERO knowledge of foreign affairs VERY scary you will soon be president. I hope you arent president for long!
get off the John, pull up your briefs and go get briefed before you get us all blown up and stop tweeting.
made in china
squeeze the little tyrant. Push him to irrelevance
@ForTennessee KEEP Tweeting the Truth , we are listening @realDonaldPOTUS 
Keep an Eye on China! Please they scare me! 
As a strategist it would be wise to leave N. Korea Alone instead as a third arm to speak in our countries interest sir.
. sorry,Ican't understand
quit tweeting. Not presidential, ridiculous
One more stab at China. Nice!
I agree with you that China has huge investments in the U.S.A & we are not benefiting as a country from China.
Thanks Mr. President elect for taking on tough challenges like China's asymmetric relationship with our country
Who is interested in one Korea? Nobody wants chaos on the peninsula and Kim knows his limits.
What happened in China that it missed any kind of humanitarian revolution? Needs to change from the ground up.
That's how I expect my president to deal with these "thugs" Kim Korea & China. Firm and fearless.
because no one likes you.....Duh
Why is all your crap made in China?
and u bringing money to China by ur outsourcing Trump jobs there. What a hypocrite
China gives nuclear weapons to North Korea to intimidate USA, meanwhile, Chinese pretends to bring NK to negotiation table.
https://shop.spreadshirt.com/codetees/this+is+the+way+the+world+ends-A107624304 …
china has forced abortions. Too many Chinese in America. China controls the catholic church in their country. War!
Keep killin' em Mr. Trump!..Shyt..my bad..U havn't even started yet! Lol
#MuchSupportOnMyEnd #NJoyaSelf!
Poor naive Yuge. Ya think for a NANOmoment China will yell at N Korea? Maybe kelley anne could convince them...just saying.
.@realDonaldTrump If you wreck our economy warring with our trading partners their dollars will be worth a lot less. That'll show 'em.
China and North Korea will learn in due time what the US is capable of. Enough is enough.
we will see a lot more of this to come. Remember Dodge city.with out law an order.hard work.
