#FireTheThreeAmigos







Typical tactic of someone who is guilty(that's YOU, Tiny-hands): deflect. You're going to federal prison, with your son, and son-in-law.

What happened to the sewer?
Mueller is closing in. You and your family of grifters are going to be prosecuted. Keep tweeting it's really helping. #FakePresident
#DrainTheSewer
You said you are the best in words,
choose best of the best,
winning, winning etc.
All you do is whining, insult ppl and play golf.
And you are a part of the biggest scandal since Watergate. How does it feel?
3 Years, 5 Months, 25 Days, 3 Hours, 7 Minutes, and 3 Seconds
Minus 3 years
Nice day for you to release your tax returns, you know since y'all wanna be so transparent. Or is fact Mueller has then what has you upset?
If you could only get the focus off you.  Try demeaning everyone who ever crossed you.  Turn the BSA Jamboree into a campaign meeting.  Yeah
You are historically unpopular with the American people. 
RESIGN NOW 
#Sessions is at the White House and you're tweeting shit about him. You're screwed up.
Too cowardly to talk with Jeff, or serve for that matter.
Or light a fire under his butt so he starts looking into the real criminal activity not the Russia Russia Russia fake news
You promised to support LBGT back in the campaign?  And now, back to hurling shit at non-threat hillary?
Probably from her foundation crooks
TraitorTrump is draining swamp by hiring them. Scaramooch voted for Pres OBAMA twice. Donated to Dems. CALLED TRUMP A CRAZY HACK ON TV. SAD!
Thou art a Warped, Weather-bitten Pumpion.
Drain the swamp by removing you from office?
You don't understand how any of this works, do you? What an effing embarrassment you've become. Patriots will cheer when you're gone. 
NOBODY WANTS THE WALL ANYMORE! NOT EVEN ALL HIS VOTERS WANT THE NEW WALL! HE ONLY HAS 34% APPROVAL NOW!
Now THAT is FAKE news. BUILD THAT WALL!
Prove its fake news, I dare you! Show me the news you think is truth.
Crickets**
Right?
SOME republicans ARE turning ON YOU! Going to FAKENEWS with DISLOYAL comments! FIRE ALL OF THEM NOW! PARDON yourself from WITCH HUNT! USA!
You're insane.  Your @HillaryClinton fixation needs to stop!  Please #resign, to avoid further embarrassment!
The AG is in your house right now. Why don't you ask him?
You are the swamp

It's INSANE how obsessed you are with Hillary. She is TRULY Donald Trump's dominatrix. https://twitter.com/jsavite/status/890200270138994692 …
Yes, let's drain the swamp. Starting with you.
He was your choice #maggot 35%
Have sessions investigate
3. Literally EVERYONE in your campaign, family, and circle, has ties to Russia - including you. You owe them millions, right?
Mueller is doing just that... Draining The Swamp, and You are the biggest swamp creature of them all.  The Loch Ness Trump!
just need to dislodge the fat orange hair ball blocking the plug hole 
just fire him...that will win you more support.  #moron #Resist #TheResistance #Failure #Socalledpresident

Why did you scam people who went to Trump University and didn't give them their money back? Hmmmmmm?
Why don't you ask the Clinton's to give back the $140Million, the Russians donated to them, after Hillary signed off on selling 20% of our Uranium to Russia......hmmmm
Dear Mr President..The FBI director works for YOU. Fire him!!
#Clueless is @scamptres1 is #Trumpster #Iseedumbpeople
And its all coming out..I would say you are the clueless one. Stroyzk off Mueller team...Ohr off the team. Special council being considered due to Ohrs wife and her connections to Fusion...more and more dem dirt coming out. I see dumb ppl too, but its you.
I see dumb people’s tweets.  Back to your original tweet - do you really believe that the FBI/DOJ is @POTUS employee?  Are you dumb or just stupid?  It upsets me to know that you might be an American voter.  @realDonaldTrump  #Executive/Legislative/Judicial  Get It? Got it? Good!
NO cutesy reply to me now that have hit you with facts and shown you are the either stupid  or low information one eh
I see you’ve convinced yourself.  Good job.  Government officials work for us.  We do the firing.  I’m not trying to be cute.  Why is that part of your argument?  Try to #StayOnTopic   See you at the polls.  #Ivote
And you are confusing elected govt officials with appointed ones...there is a difference
So you’re saying @POTUS appointed Mueller?  Wow this is getting frustrating.  Tell you what . . . just sit back and watch.  If you have any questions at the end of the demonstration please raise your hand. 
Think good idea to switch Jeff Sessions to Homeland Security & put a Rudy Giuliani or another fierce fighter in as Attorney General.
That is actually one of the Best Ideas I have heard.
Me President, your doing a great job.stay on target and MAGA!
**you’re**
$700k is nothing in comparison to the costs incurred by taxpayers for your golf addiction @cnn @wsj @nyt #Resign #impeach
Which he said he wouldn’t have time for yet golfed so much more that Obama did in 8 years. Thank goodness the (t)rump won’t have four more!
Nope not just 4. Second term will equal 8. Eight years of economic growth. Eight years of prosperity. Eight years that personal income and wealth will increase. We the people that work. That make things. That increase the countries wealth are turning things around. Thank us later
A million dollars is a "small loan" but $700,000 is "big dollars"
who the fuck is this man?
Money flowed like a waterfall from McCauliffe to McCabe and not a peep. Do people take $700 THOUSAND lightly? Why the silence?
You Brought the Swamp with you!
What? Your not there!
Well looky here... the day the FBI raided Paul's house! Fire that FBI director! You're leaving a paper trail!! #MuellerTime #Treason.
You really are putting a LOT of "swamp critters" into key cabinet positions. WTF? I voted for you, and AGAINST this kind of thing.
He IS the swamp.  How much more proof do you need?  How many more lies does he have to tell?
"THIS"? coming from a person - or her supporter - Who has committed treason, murder, fraud, and countless other crimes. #NOCREDIBILITY
#DOYOURJOB
stop talking about the Clinton's. As of January it's all on you!!
You’re a petulant little shit-weasel who’s so self absorbed you’re throwing your own people under the bus. Can’t wait till you fall.

We understand that you counted on A.G. Sessions to save you from #TrumpRussia #Collusion. Sad! Now that is not happening.
But sir, you've filled the swamp with more monsters than we thought imaginable.
Oh boy, you were tweeting this when your campaign managers house was being raided.  #draintheswamp indeed
Kinda fun reading his tweets now that we have that info.
Again with the Hillary talk. I'm beginning to think you rather have her as president

FBI raid of Manafort's home got ya kinda nervous, eh?
When you pull that plug, hope you & your family are the first to go down the drain!
Macabe is dirty as .
Show us your taxes! Stop being a racist! Display some intelligence!  (Haven't used so many exclamation points since elementary school!)
Wow! What a desperate tweet. Trump's presidency is over and he doesn't even realize it yet.
#FailureFriday #ImpeachTrump
I think somebody has a crush on Hillary. You just can't stop talking about her. She occupies your every thought. Dare I say it? Love?
@GOP Majority is appalling not investigating 10yr Pakistani SPY Ring in DC 
Weiner/Hillary/AWAN Brothers/McCabe
Trump you keep lying and changing your story you will be in jail soon  with out a doubt
We need to drain the toxic swamp that is @POTUS and friends and MAGA for all Americans and not just the 13% of voters still supporting him!
#FactChk Hired:GoldSachs people=Fact
Kushner,Flynn,Pruitt,Mnuchin& had Manaforte on staff=Fact
U have repopulated the swamp with even worse animals than before=Fact
But keep telling the lie about "draining" it. @maddow @jaketapper @SRuhle U need to tell truth 1000 times!
#FactChk Can you show the facts, any facts, that back up your accusations of Hillary paying these people?
Or is this another "shiny object" thing?
Let's talk about Ivanka, DonaldJR., Eric, & Jared Sleazy deals, Russian business  partners, money laundering, then u can talk about Hillary!
We can go on n on about you and your children! Sleazy, criminal business deals, stealing charity funds, cons, conspiracy, money laundering

Under President George W. Bush, #Mueller received a unanimous confirmation as #FBIDirector.
He was sworn in as FBI Director 1 week before the 9/11 Terrorist Attacks.…
Stop with the shit about sessions.
Their donations were documented, legal.  U take millions upon millions in anonymous donations. Only way to drain swamp is to start with You.
As President, we the people, have given you the power to uphold the laws of this nation in dealing with the crimes of the Clintons and those involved in her circle. It’s not up to the DOJ, it’s up to you!
Chicken feed compared to what you are spending on your golfing jaunts & not to mention the rest of yr rip-off America family
when can we drain your cabinet/swamp #worsteverpresidentdonaldtrump
The best way to drain a swamp is to start with the biggest predictor....that would be you.
You saying "Drain the swamp" is absurdly ironic.
Trump better watch his mouth when he speaks about Sessions, the klan don't take his insults too kindly.
dems are crooks- killary, IT scandal with Debbie W S in tow, 0 & his Iran& cover-ups, the Wieners & Killary s, gate-sic'em Jeff..our turn
dog u gotta try harder to fit ur tweets into 140 characters, shit's mad confusing with the three dots

McCabe has made it know he is out for your blood. A HRC backer with faulty ethics..
Can't wait to hear what comes out of this Russia investigation! Making popcorn now!
The issue should be hanging the ones who have committed treason !!!
You better stop going after Sessions, the GOP warned you. Behave. Sessions won.
Fire them all... No pension
Just PRISON...
These are bad people in politics! 
Sad to say it affects us all
No DACA 
No Amnesty 
No Reunification 
Get a handle on what's already here 
Stop the welfare
Clean your own house first. Stop with the whatabouts.
This guy does not belong in the FBI! I think receiving compensation for his wife should keep
him out of all Mueller's investigation!
#1
Oh Donnie Boy
The Feds, The Feds are comin'
From you to Kush
Ivanks and Junior too
Elections gone, but...
..you still point at Hillary
Tis you tIs you
Must go
And we'll all say 
YAHOO!

You'll be impeached
For Russian crimes...
...And treason
You'll lie your dough
Your wife and Barron too

Tis we'll be here
And sayin'
Folks, we told you...
Oh Donnie Boy, Oh Donnie Boy
We loathe you so...

Sung to the tune of "Oh Danny Boy"
This Trump appointee is so UNQUALIFIED that it's almost PAINFUL to watch . . . .
MUST WATCH: Republican @SenJohnKennedy asks one of @realDonaldTrump’s US District Judge nominees basic questions of law & he can’t answer a single one. Hoo-boy. 
Something tells me Kushners time in the barrel is coming #LockThemAllUp
@POTUS please start blocking all the resistance idiots who always plaster everything U post! Need more meaningful conversations here. 
Yes...Drain The Swamp....
You have no moral highground. You shamelessly peddle your office for $$$$ selling to highest bidder
and all the left over money - she gets to KEEP!   what a scam.
You're obsessed with Hillary, It's pathetic!!
#GAYSFORTRUMP EXISTS…. WANT TO FIND OUT HOW?
http://nationsjournal.com/gays-for-trump-exists …
DNC going down in flames; MSM:....crickets https://twitter.com/townhallcom/status/890542946570952705 …. Only Hannity covering story.
ABC, NBC, And CBS Pretty Much Bury IT Scandal Engulfing Debbie Wasserman Schultz's Office http://trib.al/2EHYgzz 
Drain the swamp?? Is that to make it easier for a bottom feeder like you to survive??
What about Wray donating thousands to Republican candidates? How about start draining the swamp with him?
You keep obstructing justice, and still, justice marches on.
.How are you going to drain the swamp when you are Swamp Lord
must paid my due very multi billionaire Dany Tall up
The only thing that needs to be drained is the Shit Hole that you have created in the WH.
Again with Hillary. One wonders if you don't have a crush on the lady since you go on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and
Wouhaou tout ces zéros... Respect...
Drain the Swamp! Drain the Swamp!
President Trump please lock her up she is do guilty of high treason.
Please get over your obsession with HRC and focus on running the country and making progress with healthcare reform
You haven't drained the swamp, you've piled it higher with raw sewage.  #NotMyPresident
why are you still talking about Hillary?! You seriously suck
Thank you
Liar!
If politicians think Obama care is so great, why dont they go on it?
Sorry Mr. President (and Don Jr.). YOU promised to drain the swamp. You and the Republicans who control the House, the Senate, and the Supreme Court (that's all branches of American gov't). This is entirely on you and your Republican colleagues sir #nomoreexcusesfromRepublicans
Crooked Hillary spent millions on campaign  funneled a fake Russian dossier and tried to rig election against crazy Bernie 'And she still lost 
American people saw the Clinton corruption 
#LockHerUp
Please stop assault on Jeff Sessions. He gave up senate seat to support you. You can be annoyed but if you fire him the dep ag will bury you
What The hell?
#GAYSFORTRUMP EXISTS…. WANT TO FIND OUT HOW?http://nationsjournal.com/preview/gays-for-trump-exists …
@PeterBoykin Proves It with LIBERAL MATH & @HRC PAID STUDIES
...big dollars ($700,000) for his wife's political run from Hillary Clinton and her representatives. Drain the Swamp!...
Confiscate their passports and place them snakes on a no fly list!
OH. MY. GOODNESS! Your entire family needs to exit he WH immediately then as you all donated too. Go on now! SHOO! Start swirling the drain.

#DrainTheSewer MSM silent on Wasserman-Shultz IT Pakistani arrest. MSM; Russia, Russia, Russia 
Big dollars being spent on your "outings", golf and otherwise. Stay in the WH and do your job!! Drain the current WH--totally messed up
You are the swamp master...

#DrainTheSewer #LockHerUp #LockHimUp 
#MAGA  #USA
Drain The Swamp? You drained the septic tank and filled your cabinet with the residue
Ouch that little spot of dirt hurt, it must have harden over political slime, ya think? #maga #tcot #ccot #ctot
All these stories, nothing but a distraction from the Russia collusion!
PLEASE DRAIN THE SWAMP ..BY RESIGNING!
i love you so much youR TWEETS MAKE MY DAY DRAIN THE SWAMP WHAT EVEN LWOLWOLOLOLLLOL
Meanwhile, for those who actually live in reality, here's the swamp.
Donald Trump And GOP Leaders  Enriched By Last Minute Tax Break Inserted Into Final Bill
#stupidpresident
You are a really sick man. Please resign and get help for yourself.
Stop, Sir. Please stop the attacks on Sec. Sessions! Horribly unfair to a wonderful man. Thx!
HilLIARy has 'suicide' henchmen Everywhere. 
SOMEONE... WILL...
GET THRU.
Bruh, you are the swamp.
Drain your own swamp! It stinks!
Are you and the #ClownCabinet finally resigning so that #Yuge swamp will drain? #StillPointingFingers #Crybaby
Praying for our Great President Trump, Staff and USA! #MAGA, Drain the Swamp from our Great Country! Merry Christmas an Blessings to all!**
 Yet another #LIE, that took less than 3min 2 fact check. I that UR so arrogant,U think this won't affect UR Obstruction of Justice #FAIL
#SADpresident
#DOUCHEBAGPRESIDENT
Everybody hates you
That's all of the marxist progressives socialist democrats M/O they've worked this way for last ninety Years and became millionairesNoChsnge

Flush the sewer
Fire the jerk, Prez Trump!
sort of like the $25,000 give to Florida AG to drop Trump University investigation followed by a fund raiser at Mar A Lago? DRAIN THE SWAMP!
You have to reform the FBI, but unfortunately the AG you chose is part of the swamp. You needed to bring outsiders.
You are the #SwampThing drain what? common sense? ALL your #Cabinet ARE the Swamp #corrupt #45
You and all involved with your Presidency are nothing but an embarrassment to the US. What a shame.
WOW, you are completely obsessed with Hillary. You must have one H3LL of a crush on her.
LOOKS LIKE TRUMP CAN NEITHER HIRE NOR FIRE PEOPLE WELL AFTER ALL. PEOPLE ELECTED HIM BASED ON A FAKE REALITY SHOW!
Swamp is drained! It’s now a rats nest.
#NotMyPresident
Draining the swamp means you & your family loser. Start today please.
Yes! Please drain because it will be you and your cronies going down that drain! IMPEACH!!!
Who’s Hillary Dillard
Donald Trump is a human dildo
You are the swamp.
Do you think Hillary ran for office and paid big money for the DNC so she couldn’t be arrested for getting her e-mails hacked? Think about it. Obama and her were never close. Prob knew she was seriously in the wrong for being lazy and figured they’d never arrest her as theDNC nom
Your stupidity is absolutely stunning.
Because Sessions, like @SenJohnMcCain, puts himself ahead of The People while claiming their own "honor."  #TermLimits #DrainTheSwamp
You're the swamp!
And you haven't released your taxes information like you have too, so what are you hiding
DRAIN THE SWAMP EH ? YOU'VE ALLOWED THE BIGGEST GATOR TO GO FREE .PROSECUTE HILLIARY. LOCK HER UP.
You're tarnishing your brand n reputation
Wouawou...
Retweeting old news Donnie? I wonder if daddies 32% will see this is old news or get all riled up
Distraction! All you T.Rumps are screwed
Coup using Armageddon as written in progress. Idiots who lie as a team&sell opium left 184 yr trail geeks can TRACE
We support you mr president
There are more than 2 of us for every 1 of you! You’re way outnumbered!
Really and if that were true who would be president
