@realDonaldTrump  Awesome deed,Mr.President Donald Trump. May YAHWEH bless you and protect you and your family.
President Trump to sign an executive order on religious liberty today, the National Day of Prayer | @kevincorke
I Liked It Also What A Way To Go Keep It Up President Trump.
Really !
RT @foxandfriends: President Trump to sign an executive order on religious liberty today, the National Day of Prayer | @...
Thank you President Trump for signing the religious order!
Thank you POTUS
Stay strong=MAGA
"Strain" da Swamp
Religion has no place in the White House or any part of the government.  Remember "Separation of Church & State"???
Only if you worship a white jesus
Still signing executive orders? When do you begin to actually govern? Just asking.
Have you ever heard of the separation of church and state? It is one of the main tenets that this country was founded on - FYI
Religious liberty...as long as it's the Christian religion.
So much better than Obama berating Christians for the Crusades.
Thank you, sir!  This is the most important order that you have signed, as God will surely recognize it and reward accordingly.  #GodBless
The is no room in government 4 religion. Keep them separate!!!
Way to go
Thank you POTUS!
Why was Beckle brought back?? So grumpy. He makes me want to turn the channel.
,,
Does this mean that members of "The First Church of Chicken Consciousness" (the 1st CCC, can finally go naked?? YAY!
puhleeze don't strike me with lightning lawd
你好！
Thank you!
You're welcome.  Buh-Bye.
Yes
Religion doesn't belong in Politics. Trump has no right to sign executive order for a National Day of Prayer.
You mean legalized bigotry.
@realDonaldTrump @kevincorke Mein Kampf
@realDonaldTrump @kevincorke Trump attacks the LGBTI community through healthcare.
Please hang on until June. I have that month in the pool!
@TGowdySC @GorsuchNeil @IvankaTrump @SecondLady @FLOTUS @FreeOurChildren Please bring our kids home @CorruptCourts & @RottenJudges STOPPED!
Religious liberty is about your faith, bible doctrines, not about politics. Many nominal Christians think that patriotism is equal to faith.
We need to inforce the civil rights laws against groups that violate Civil rights, Protesters, Islamic extremist #stopdomesticterrorism
Enforce lol gotta love auto-incorrect
Globalist want to force Islam, Leftist want to push Atheism and Satanism, Rhino's want to push Christianity, Independents don't care.

He does that after banning Muslims from the US who have family there. Some liberty that is.
Constitution says separation of church and state. Thought Mr. Trump was suppose to uphold constitution. Forgot he's a dictator.
If you are not Muslim. Wow. You are so great.
Good for him.
This EO is totally ineffective.  Why would ANYONE want churches to be political? JESUS would not!
@realDonaldTrump @kevincorke HALLELUJAH! 
I SERIOUSLY DOUBT THAT YOU HAVE EVER PRAYED.
You shall know them by their fruits....
You're such a devout man! I'm sure you will go down as Saint Donald the Christian Warrior.
What a POTUS! DONALD TRUMP will be known for a century! His name will be along with Roosevelt, Truman, Eisenhower, Kennedy, Reagan & Bush!
What a kiss ass

Twitter tough guys are hilarious.....come get some!
This changes nothing, does nothing. You did not repeal it. You cannot repeal it. You can sign shit all day but EO does NOT mean law. Dummy
It's all about christian being exempt from discrimination laws, so they can push their hate on everything and everyone.
FOX & friends SUCKS! Fuck the Executive Order 
Growth industry: Constitutuonal Law.  Outlook strong for up to 4 years.  Significant growth in DC area.
Translation: You are now free to discriminate.
Hahaha hahaha really try doing things the American way other then the trump way we are the United States of America not the land of trump
National Day of Prayer, the day Americans pray you are impeached in short order.
@realDonaldTrump My religion is fascism. Am I free to punish Christians by spitting in their faces & publicly shaming them for disliking me?
Another executive order. Hmmmm How special.
Thank you Mr. President for standing up for our religious liberties.
Funny for a man who is friends with the devil.
This EO is an insult & disrespect 2 American Realist. Religions r cults& I shld not be forced 2 listen 2 prayer or celebrate any cult days!
Really? Where does the "Ban all Muslims" executive order fall in religious liberty?Has everyone forgotten that decision by not my president?
And whilst I'm at it stop shaming Muslims for trying to practice our religion peacefully if you're going to let lgbt folk be denied rights!!

Maybe he thinks the only thing that will stop the #TrumpTrain wreck of indictments is national prayer. EO won't fly. UnConstitutional @ACLU
Mr. President keep up the good work.
Thank You President Trump for taking a stand that others feared to take. God's Glory will shine again!! MAGA
the last time you prayed was on a golf course POTUS
You will not force your religion upon me and mine.  Nor will I be discriminated against by such an act by narrow-minded fools!
Politics and religion!! Bad mix. What is your motivation?
So...does this mean that wiccans have the right to refuse service to other religions too?
you're trying to protect the 'right' to discriminate against homosexuals . this has the idiot pence written all over it . y'all SUCK
With liberty and justice for all
Letting people discriminate is not a good thing
he doesn't need prayer where he,s going, ,to the bottom of HELL
GOD BLESS YOU, MR PRESIDENT !!!!
What about Muslims, Buddhists, Hindus, Sikhs, etc?  What  about their religious freedoms?
Cwhy? He's uninformed, lacks intellectual curiosity, and is a liar!
As Muslims have exceeded over a million gang rapes of little girls in the UK alone, we need to bring back Unity of God, against this evil.
I wish I understood the pros & cons of this better.  I need more info♡
When the church gets involved in politics they should be paying taxes.  There is a reason why our constitution keeps it separate.
Not religious liberty. Anti LGBTQ. Call it what it really is.

Thank you, but I remain pessimistic.    The leftist courts always prevail over  laws created by the people.  Look how SCOTUS scuttled DOMA.
Does @realDonaldTrump realize that this applies to non-Christians too? Or is he just thinking about his base again?
My guess is that Trump will sign another EO when he realizes that this will "unburden" non-Christians of Johnson Amendment also.
If this is the case, then I will be asking patients I encounter what party they vote and if they are Republican, I will not help them.
Nissan Corporation is a Den of thieves

US soldiers attend YPG militants’ oath-taking ceremony
http://sabahdai.ly/2JrsrD  
The separation between church and state must be absolute
Amazing day after day !
Awesome
Hallelujah
Socialist are fundamentally in conflict with religion. All truth is relative.  Irreconcilable.
you don't have to a believer to appreciate the fundamental good of a strong and protected Judeo Christian ethic
Beside being unconstitutional! Does that go for every religion, i.e. ISLAM, or only for Christians!
and it has no meaning
@realDonaldTrump @kevincorke
The Church has its voice back
Theocracy
One step closer to a theocracy. We will be like Saudi Arabia and other countries that rule through Sharia Law

Anything that helps you trumpalump
Prayers do work! Long in coming but Our timing isn't God's timing! Thank you God for Our leaders in WH 
Arrest Kim Davis, Christian persecution, someone bombs a mosque...nothing to see here, move along...
Poor Kevin .. You must feel like shit knowing that your childhood dream of becoming a real reporter will never come true... liar  & sellout
So much for separating church and state/ now Trump will want to do all of the homilies in DC
@realDonaldTrump @kevincorke you should be praying that people don't get sick.
@realDonaldTrump @kevincorke pretending to pray while millions of taxpayers were screwed
Blchh!
https://soundcloud.com/rakxsdaily/purple-forest-snippet …
Now they need to pay taxes. Oh and what about Trump's Taxes? Oh and what about Russia?
Religion n policts works hand in glove, policts began in lsrael during the times of Judges, read the books of Judges and 1Samuel
I dont imagine a threat from a religion to a political part. Do you?
There light in a nation when religious and political leaders are united, read the Holy Bible to understand the impotance of unit
Christian liberties?
Trumpcare defunds Special Education in School districts across US, millions of students w/disabilities to lose serv
@dailykos @POTUS @POTUS44 @POTUSPressPool @RoguePOTUSStaff
Yet Mike Green is being run out of DC because of his Christian Faith? @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence @KellyannePolls  @KatrinaPierson @Reince
Great are you My president forever.
Anything for endorsements... a house of worship is not intended to worship Trump. Next a collection plate will be passed around for him ...
trump is seriously a joke made a big deal Johnson admenment. It did nothing changed nothing. Dude people are laughing at your photo opts!
Your EO does nothing but nice pander!
Hey maybe we will have self determination and personal responsibility restored in California. Give me back my religious waiver for vaccines.
Day of prayer. Well pray the governmentgets there head out of there ass and outlaw teaching of sharia law in schools.
Fuk religion and fuk limited primitives!
@smerconish_chat Who starts the impeachment process? And why hasn't it started yet?
Donald Trump is disgusting.  He is not sincere about anything
Please READ US Constitution separation church & state you are free to practice any religion but you cant be a religious org & be political
Praise God, all the Glory to our Father in heaven. And by the Grace of God . We now have A Presdent who IS not afraid
@realDonaldTrump @kevincorke remember the Muslim Ban, you hypocritical deplorables?
6
