I love Trumps hidden messages in his tweets. Look at Caps, spaces, anagrams, etc!!!
JPC North Korea 
https://jpcvanheijst.com/portfolio/aviation-photography/north-korea-air-koryo …
Hello dear Melania Trump
,your pals Russia &China have for yrs given to NKorea if they do anything would be force unification of N&S K
#moron
They will put up with it longer because they understand the consequences of having a nuclear bomb dropped on their country. #historydolt
....and Japan will put up with this much longer. Perhaps China will put a heavy move on North Korea and end this nonsens...
Truly,Greetings to Mr. Trump,because of supporting iranian people and  defending the rights of the people of Iran ,In the telegram and
Trump please make it stop oh and im 9yrs
Sorry to predict that the CCP gov in China will otherwise support N Korea! This is definitely true! The heavy move won't work, either!
زببذ
Oh, really???  Seems like nothing has changed much.   He's still goading you, and your still sending out reckless or meaningless tweets.
Thanks to the same people in Iran thanks Mr. Trump
and he be forced vindicated but he  is unpopular ,The president of the government,,Rohani,, also lied too  much.
at the United Nations  had translated Mr. Trump's words to the benefit of the  government.People have been decried and
and  instagram and so on, and even other popular songs, there is talk of  Trump,Even an interpreter spoken by the government
china will do what you do, NOTHING! If people got rid of trump, bough NOTHING from China we would be American again!
china should   but is there something we dont know      china a stone throw away??
President Trump! You're really naive that the CCP would like to impose any sanction on N Korea, simply coz the 2 govs are evil commies!!
Why would China do that? North Korea nucks us, we get weak, China wins.
Who so you think is helping NK with technology?
So was the former President.
In principle subjective property.
Get exemption signature of notary offices from North Korea on the water and the adjacent.
Donald trump? More like Donald duck
Why don't you do something instead count on China, Japan?  What about you "big mouth man"?!
Having
Hand
Tiny
Brains
For
Shit
Fucking
Stuoid
You
Country
The
Run
Go
Impeach Trump 2017
no that won't happen, so why don't you send some one in and take that mad dog out?
Thank you President Trump
We all must step up for our country,
Keep up the good fight
Wrong
Hey Trumpy! How about you stop bombing countries all over the world? Also, why don't you tell CIA to stop funding Al-Qaeda and ISIS?
Foreign policy should not take place on Twitter for God sake. Act like a President for crying out loud!!!!
g
Trump new theme song Steve Miller living in the  USA

Need 2do sumthn bout that crA-Z leader! He's gettin closer&closer & I know A-bomb is a bad word, mayb nec 2 keep Pearl Harbor frm happen agn
rx XS avatar OCZ XS DX ZL*#*2"que*'
,cd.wnng.
Elderly Chinese man and Korean.

North Korea should have been put to bed a long time ago. It smells of 1930s appeasement, delaying it only makes it worse. Lets do this.
Hey! How is that deal-making going for you?
You are losing and taking our country down with you.
STOP IT!
China says trade with N.Korea up 10.5% in first half http://f24.my/1Uaj.t  
Recorded Stepanenko-seniors.
Oh so you want China to the job you can't?
Mr.  President I just wanted to tell you that you should block all the idiots that make inappropriate and offending comments!!!
Define "heavy move".
Mast
And maybe you will make a heavy move and shut down the IRS. We can both hope!
Elimination progressive.
This is the President of the USA! Pls show him respect! He is smarter and braver than any of you wise acres or wannabes!
I am starting a petition to have this cancer (Trump) removed from office ASAP.  Rather have Pence
Nonsense
Will definitely be someone else besides you!!
Or maybe we will have to.
Amen
A Good Gentleman  !
I think one of their nuke plants need to have an accident... just say'n
Heavy move?
What a joke!! We're talking about you, sir... you and your family are a joke... and the whole #world is #laughing...
Japan isn't allowing radicals in their country and putting up with their demands to change their country - Wise Leaders!
hooooo! That's sskirrr
China will put a heavy move in North Korea???
They are the USA and Russia of East.
International politics are tough, who could have known?
Don't wait for China to move. You move. Take NK out. Blast them!!!
If you say America first...
America is no more a leader in the world..
You played more golf and go on vacation more than that scumbag Obama did
China can end the nonsense by booting your ass
no mr trump you are wrong the same nonsense you want china to stop but you also have nuclear bombs who stopped you
Perhaps you'll gain an IQ
Don't pay them off it's a #scam
You guys are there not the other way around. US also tests their weapons without giving a damn about any resolutions.

China needs to show it's true intentions....no more empty speech from them
Japan was punished by the USA because of the Pearl Harbor. The US dropped the atomic bombs to kill so many innocents.
While Japanese military was controlling Japan, the citizens were not informed any truths but all lies.
We've been protecting our peace. Please don't say anything to destroy our peace. We never want to have a war. So please
keep up what you are doing-you are driving progressives crazy- i hope tey are not sleeping
Awesome Mr Presendent
@VP @SebGorka @newtgingrich To get China's help to oust Kim, make a deal w/China 2split NKorea in half: give Nhalf 2China, Shalf to SKorea.
No. China never will. It wants to keep N Korea as a lever to negotiate with US. The longer you wait, the more time you lose.All Chinese know
N. Korea must be neutralized by missile defense. Very handy when explaining MDA to Russia.
hope springs eternal but China won't do squat.  Containment of a country with the GDP of Detroit is easy. Annihilation no.
Exactly what do you expect then to do? Go to war with North Korea and risk tens of millions of deaths. Or just whine about it, like you do.
It's up to you! Not them, they are playing you, can't you see it?
@1sfleming302 China is not going to do nothing, cause China like Russia thinks are weak as a GI we can starve 1billion ppl.
lofl, why  would Nth Korea do as China says ? #auspol You can't negotiate with much smaller countries successfully
You really don't have a clue,  do you?
THIS is classless, undignified, and dangerous.

Anyone that thinks North Korea will give up their nuclear program w/o military intervention..... is living a fantasy!
All talk but no actions
Why are you abdicating your responsibility as the leader of the free world?
Promoting Obama initiative. Finally you did something right?! Or is that why it looks like you are sabotaging it
'When you wish upon a star....'
We just need an excuse for a complete takedown of NK, when they strike even once, we intercept n fire our own at will, for a regime change 

Wrong! China & Russia "play out the clock" - their interests to see N Korea develop nuclear weapons prevents a unified Korean peninsula
Hope China supports you and applies pressure to N Korea. Just in case, keep rehearsing for military action and they may 
China will put the #HEAVY_ECONOMIC_MOVE on Trump Inc.
Don't get lured into a war hoax worldwide. The real enemy is domestic and deeply rooted. i.e. establishment, deep state, shadow government.
Yes
It is most definitely in China's own interest to be rid of the manic in NOKO. What a mess the last admin made in the country! God Bless!.
You are supposed to be a leader, so lead. Why give the job to China?
I hope so
And make more shoes for @IvankaTrump ? #TheRealAnonymousIsBack
One should always take a peaceful solution
#Tweetplomacy
Maybe you'll get impeached and in this nonsense once and for all
Unfortunately you have slim understanding of the nuances of diplomacy so just send over some of your wine. It will get everyone laughing.
I am a pacifist but they want war lets light them up. Get china and russia behind us then we wont have to risk south korean lives.
Oh that's Presidential.  You are a joke.  More Irrelevant.  Every day.
Thank you president ! I so glad you are my president
This is just an instigating little statement now, isn't it?
уважаемый будь попроще , и люди к вам потянутся.
GodBless our President and seal the mouths and open the minds of the brainwashed detractors. We must all unite for the good of all. Globally
That not going to happen. Looking for a rainbow.  A great negotiator would no how to handle this. Let's see what u are made of
You are doing extended tweets wrong. Try posting them so they can be naturally read as we scroll down your feed.
Dear POTUS, can't we invite Kim Jung Un on a trip to Disneyland? I'm sure he'd give up his nukes for a chance to shake hands with Mickey.
ding dong doesn't realize that China and North Korea are allies. China will never budge especially with the US.
You liked your own stupid tweet? Sad!
Shut up trump
i hate u
are you really that clueless
MAGA 
Why don't we try and negotiate a deal with N. Korea and not China.
What would you suggest?Bomb them & set off all the nukes they are storing,can you imagine all the destruction?There would be no SK or Japan!
Pipsqueak island.really.gonna.take.on North Korea.AND China?
He never been "au piquet" once he tastes punishment watch magic. Punishment for bad behaviors works well FOR ALL. I promise. Try it.
Do you know how North Koreans live? It is madness.
Please China!! Free the ppl from North Korea !!
Don't count on it. China owns half the worlds assets. They are building bridges, toll roads, and high rises all across the world.
Do it yourself ...
very weak for a president who lead a fake country.
Don't hold your breath.
Keep dreaming!
a real president would not have a bilateral meeting with Putin for his roll in hacking our election but it looks like Donny Tinny hands will
I listened to your speech...fabulous....Melonia did a nice intro. She truly is your
ugh what the hell is the matter with you just watch msnbc sanaction on Korea NOT MILITARY ACTION  WONT SAVE YOUR SORRY ASS

CNN On Brink Of Collapse: Audience Numbers ‘Lowest Ever’ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HN0zvhLT7sY … 
Please don't do something stupid that will end up killing us all
Did you learn about Foreign Relations at Trump "University"? GROW UP, STOP BEING SO LAZY & LEARN THINGS RELEVANT TO YOUR JOB.
We can only hope.  They have a lot to lose as well.  At least I would like to think they do.  I am only guessing.
China is going broke in 5 years. 
#wakeup
This is Right Time to come "War" DESTROY all Communist country
China interests are Commerce,seldom are they interested in war.USA and Allies just be more vigilant and observant.
You don't even know what the hell you are talking about.
You want war with North Korea, we get it, why do you think the USA is the 'peacekeeper' to the rest of the world? It's pig headed arrogance
... Solo teniendo a ambos hombres y uno suyo podrá eliminar al maldito norcoreano. Pero primero quiero que muera Nicolás Maduro
