The teacher is basically the left wing of the Democratic Party, left the media to open the black and Chuan Pu. Take the opportunity to strike the US priority policy.1
Well how about you, put a stop to it. And stop being bullied by, Sharpton, who by the way ows a few million $ in back taxes.
Put the Southern Heritage back were it was.
But you will let our national parks be ruined by greedy oil corporations.
Idiot
TIME TO GET RID OF STATUES THAT REMIND US OF AMERICAS UGLY PAST!

Once leftism has been defeated.we should round up all you traitors and execute the lot of you so we can all live in harmony and peace!!!
We WHITE PEOPLE FEEL THE SAME IN THE NEW SOUTH AFRICA OF NELSON MANDELA!#whitegenocide
put them back
Rafael
Yet today you ILLEGALLY scaled back national Native American monuments for no apparent reason other than you’re a power crazy racist. Someone will put an end to your rein of terror on this planet soon.
well this is awkward!
3 month later...re-designating Utah's national landmarks so your oil friends can make  more money
There's always a tweet... #TrumpCriticizesTrump
Wow, nice tweet.

Sure wouldn't want anyone to fuck with national monuments, would we?

Glad to see you're making a great contribution to the ripping apart - no doubt yet again unpresidented by all past actual Presidents. #MAGA "Manafort"
I’m sorry, could you say this louder? I couldn’t hear you over the people protesting you literally ripping apart Utah this morning. #christmas #pumpkinspice #boycottrussianbackedwhitesupremacy
Yeah, so let’s give away some of that pesky protected public land. That’ll show them... 
you ass.
Kinda like what you did today. Hypocrite.
Here's your statue!
leave the statues alone put up one to the era that can heal.(no blk person alive today was a slave)
Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and...
Please Me. President, put a stop to this nonsense!! Those statues hold great meaning and I can’t stand to see them being destroyed!!
I agree! The alt-left just doesn’t understand our history and I will be darned if I EVER support someone that believes in destroying history
You... are ripping apart our great country with the endless lies & trying to undo everything the great Obama did. #ImpeachTrumpNow
I agree ! This has gotten out of control and it won't stop until you do something about it
I agree Trump
200 year old columbus statue irreplaceable.. clueless mind chained leftists seemingly a dime a dozen.
USA is mimicking Israel in former times, turning from our past to sin n rebell in no fear of consequence. Our values are being watered down
Those monuments are cheap, mass-produced instruments of propaganda.
The truth behind most of the Confederate monuments being torn down tells an even larger story than you'd realize — @JackSmithIV explains. 
Why is it always your happiness at someone else expense #45 u r very selfish @BLMNational
Send these people that are trying to chance our history to so island so thay can start there own history and leave us alone
Just wear the white hood, you’re not fooling anyone. Plus it would cover your abortion of a hairpiece.
Idiot.
Only the IGNORANT can agree with ur dumb comment. If U really took HISTORY U would have known the Y.  Oh, right u don't know how 2 read.
Such a shame that future generations will not be able to learn from our past. Our kids need to learn how bad slavery was somehow! smh
Thousands of American (including New York) soldiers died in the Civil War. Very sad.
This is our history like it or not.
They were the sign of the times and can be look at as how very far we have come as a nation.
Amen.
Lol yeah rigth!. Those are propaganda chip one by the way....
Did these punks get arrested? There was no follow up. I hope they spend years in prison. Those are pretty big crimes.
Donald Trump, I need help, I am on disability for my brain and even though I'm not well at 54 , they think I can survive on $930 a month!How
It's part of the COMMUNIST MANIFESTO!! Why is this even being allowed???
Stop it, please!
Sad and a ridiculous waste of time
What do you know about our country's history that you haven't manufactured in your mind?
Put a Stop to it !!  @realDonaldTrump
But removing statue of your "oppressor" King George during independence from England is different, right?
Can't you stop this??!!
And an asshst pres like you
Of slavers and terrorists
I feel sorry for you Trump
To those people who are insecure over statues and pieces of Art & the great history of this country.  You just can't fix stupid!
Say no to the war.
If these historical monuments cause distress to some
people, request that they ALL leave. Problem solved.
History is in books...not statues. Smart people know this
But try to remove Martin Luther king history n hear who's offended then!
Shut up, we can't stand you.
And a racist
3) so please, do go on with your revisionist history. I thought you didn't like losers-confederacy? Washington won, founded US=safe memorial
2)at a time when lynchings at an all time high. Then round 2 of confederate memorials during civil rights movement. Lost cause indeed..
1)NOT erected as memorials, but as intimidation,reminders to blacks,many who could not read, but understood symbols, that they were not free
And curse whoever would remove from said monuments for money! No one except a monster would do that!
34%
What a history just like Adolfs history
Stop these criminals POTUS
I think it's a ridiculous, desperate ploy to erase and rewrite history where the democ come out the good guys . Pathetic alt left 
I hope you understand one day. The bible says the 1st will be last and the last will be 1st. So do the math. The bible os fulfilling
Leadership n Statesman-like qualities are about uniting all the people and refraining from divisiveness by avoiding cold statements-of-facts
It might be true that statues n monuments are preserved for historical(non-ideological)value but a cold-and-blunt-statement-of-fact can hurt
Slavery,racism,inequality are banned under the US Constitution.Statues and monuments remain as historical artefacts,not their ideologies.
All Great Wonders of the World(Taj,Pyramids,etc) are associated with out-dated ideologies of slavery,etc but preserved by UN historians
The beautiful Taj Mahal monument, Great Wonders of the World Pyramids,Col Rhodes,etc are preserved not for their ideologies but for history.
Don't you remember any history? The south tried to tear this country apart. Why immortalize them?
You are the one ripping the country apart
It is to stop the future generations from learning the truth about the how the Democrats were really the KKK and still are
I support you Mr President... you are doing a GREAT job speaking out for the majority of America....
Sure, the whole 38% majority that still supports him...
Disgusting
Then use your power to build better ones that celebrate the UNITY of the nation.
Thank you
So when then we should have left up all of the statues of Saddam? Hitler, Stalin? Because history right?
It's sad to see monuments being disposed. Even if they were representing the "evil" ... disposing a stature doesn't changes a thing.
Yes these un Americans want our history erased.we need to erase them not the history
Amazing how no one gave a shit about this before. Tired of being told to feel guilty about something that has already been resolved!
The history will prevail
Really, !? Do something, it's not right, fix it President
Stop talking BS n fix it! Not right or even grounds for all ppl
Is your IQ higher than that of a cabbage? No? I didn't think so.
So, okay, back up...Not only are the confederate memorials "okay," they are also "beautiful?" What is your IQ, out of curiosity?
?
I think lots of ungrateful guests have come to our home time to deport them.  I am talking about democrats there really lost there way.
So we can help and vote against such montrocities
A state should not be allowed to remove a monument.. Just because it's in there state.  I think the people need to take back more power
Am proud of my President,  think the states have to  much power are we all learning this?
?????????
Then do not allow it!
I know people need to learn real reason behind the civil war it wasn't slavery it was money look up the Morrilton tax.
If you are sad abt "history being erased" bc the statues are being removed... You should be ECSTATIC to hear that books still exist.
The culture? You mean the culture of slavery and bigotry? WOW! You really are grasping at straws
Countries don't have monuments to treasonous losers. Never will be one of you. YOU WILL BE REPLACED AND OBLITERATED IN HISTORY.
Why alowing it. It is history so we don't make the same mistakes! Destroying them? Airports, streets, schools, libraries will change names ?

The man arrested for shooting at the Unite the Right rally is an imperial wizard of the K.K.K. http://nyti.ms/2vojgvx 
Then put a executive order on this till it gets figured out no DESTRUCTION of property
Mr. Prez, have you considered that those men were insurrectionists--evil men--deserving of execution, but not honor?
Great blond friend take the merkel jere away she destroy eith soro the world
You started this crap. Man up take responsibility for your mouth
Do something about it president Trump quit talking about it and watching history go down the tubes.
One day people will build monuments to commemorate things other than brutality, violence, and hatred.
History and culture of slavery and oppression of native people....whats great about that!!??
You are so right Mr. President.  The Democrats are the Party of Hate, Bigotry and Racism.  We will sow them in 2018.
REALLY?! THATS NOT WHAT CANDIDATE TRUMP SAID! WAS IT ANOTHER LIE OR DID YIU JUST FORGET?
https://www.facebook.com/CREDO/posts/10156582897860968 …
President Trump you need to sign an executive order to leave these statues alone or take down all Martin Luther King propaganda.
Why don't you put a statue of Hilter at the White House? It's part of history? This shows what you're really like.  America is awake now
What will be next? This is ridiculous.  Dump all in the ocean including MLKs
Ask what parts of their history and culture Germany doesn't allow. Ask Jared's family, too.
You are insane.
bothers me u find these monuments "beauty" while your admin threatens some of most beautiful & cultural natural monuments like bears ears
Our national monuments are part of our "history and culture," so why don't you care about protecting those?
Because black and other race are smart now and they know those people are racist
Trump is a dumb fool play acting as a US President and totally out of his depth and lacking the intellectual abilities the job requires...
I'm sorry about all this people that can't understand history and act so brutally
Here in South Carolina were sickened by this.Tired of the Liberals. God Bless you Mr. PRESIDENT WE LOVE YOU!!!!! (1/1)
Do something about it!! Removing history even if it's wrong, it's not correct President Trump, take a stand n correct it! Makes me sad!
You Know in a positive position, blacks should look at as a concure over slavery n suppression!!! They over come slavery n moved on better!
Mr. President, you have the power to stop this sir !
We prefer statues of generals who did not commit treason against the United States.
The monuments belong in battlefields and the grounds of museums.  They do not belong on town squares or in front of Town halls or courthouse
Blah blah blah whatever Don!!!
I know how you feel Big D. My heart is in Catalonia. Spanish thugs stole my heritage.
glad to see the confederate taken down and put in a museum where they belong..remember the North won
I feel if you are using it to make black feel bad then you need to take down. And whoever put it up needs to fine
Needs to be fine
What does this dumb 
S h I t know about US history?
go read a history book if yo u want to learn about Confederate losers.
Way to go Imperial Wizard Trump. America's first closet KKK president and Putin cock holster.
You will never have one...we are removing all racist statues.
What the matter, Little Donnie? Nostalgic for Jim Crow?
In my 40yrs on this planet you have accomplished something no other president has- I am now embarrassed to claim this country's president.
late response- I literally re-downloaded twitter just to respond to this situation.....
Stop them!!!
Obviously you aren't talking about our beautiful national monuments that attract so many tourists. You want to mine and drill in those.
Past time to remove statues to TRAITORS who broke with the United States because they wanted to OWN PEOPLE!
#RespectEachOther #RespectEachOtherHistory
Those monuments are mass produced and put up during the Jim Crow era.
Monuments like Bears Ears?
Replace statues with ones of you., One in every town. I'd donate to glorify our Magnificent Leader. after such sacrifice, it least we can do
Stop them then big sof!
Sad to see the history nd culture of this great country being ripped apart by Donald Trump.
I believe in Donald Trump
I believe in America
Sad to know you're allow all sorts of destruction in our national parks, oh, and RESIGN.
http://www.salon.com/2017/08/25/more-than-4000-black-people-were-lynched-in-the-south-where-are-their-monuments_partner/ …
Sad that people are so easily offended.
Sad that the squeaky leftist seem more like a tiny baby wining because they threw their passifyer on the ground again. Here is a teddy bear.
Glorious job, Don, at keeping U.S. all bickering with one another
Sad to see that a moron is President. And little hands.
Idiot
This is our history the good, bad and ugly. Learn from it. Become better from it destroying it is not the answer
