Are the approval polls fake, too?
Just leaving Florida. Big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the FAKE NEWS media refuses to mention....
stop blaming everyone and stick to the agenda. Make America Great again!
Stop the addiction to communistic Hollywood. They acting like a bunch mythological demons!? Hollywood whos sexier stronger etc
We are with you all across America. Horowitz writes about the communism in Hollywood boycott what a waste of time! Don't support Hollywood
Why is this the oldest tweet that I can find on your account? Have you deleted everything prior to Feb 13 2017 or is this a twitter glitch?
That is what we call lack of government experience, men in your position ought not to pay attention to how big crowds are.
Hey donnie I see that you have surrounded yourself with the best ppl To bad that like you their just losers and criminals
So you have a crowd cheering you on. There are millions that hate what you are doing.
Insult Watch: FAKE NEWS edition, with a bonus Very dishonest!
Oooops, wrong again
here are your "supporters" to be impeached and thrown in jail
Just like the crowd at the inauguration, what a joke but at least you got to pocket $100M from donations, crooked Dump the conman
You are confusing the protesters with supporters....AGAIN!
Please call Paul Ryan out for screwing us on the wall again
you were quoted in a story by @voxdotcom
Pics or it doesn't count. #SoCalledPresident
Your base is very upset, don't be fooled.
I believe in Trump and his tweets if it doesn't come from him I don't believe the media except hannity and judge Jeannie Perrino
You go on about the fake news but support the fake NASA. Why not  research into the fake moon landings and space walks?

If by "enthusiastic supporters" you mean those protesters holding a sign saying "LIAR!" I get your point...
your addicted to pep rallies you child
Grow up please! For the good of the country rise above the petty BS
Lot of deplorables greeting you?
LOL they were prostesters, against you, because you're a disaster. Simple really
How did you not see their signs? They were PROTESTING YOU 

time to take your meds.
the only Fake News is Fox and that shit Bannon owns.
are you still going on about the media and how they not giving you enough attention?
How much did you pay them per head?
HAVE A GREAT DAY MR. PRESIDENT! One of your loyal supporters from MEMPHIS, TENNESSEE since June, 2016!
منتظر...منكم..السوال..والخاص...وبينكم..اوجدت.رسايل...قبل.سنوت.توكيد.هذا.ولن.ابخل.اي.الرموز.بما.عندي

‘I Over-exaggerated That Story’ Liar, liar, liar. Americans pants are on fire!http://www.msn.com/en-us/sports/olympics/ryan-lochte-speaks-for-first-time-since-rio-scandal-%E2%80%98i-over-exaggerated-that-story%E2%80%99/ar-BBvRrhc?li=BBnb7Kz … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
I guess you had your windows up in the limo...they weren't cheering...
My son has epilepsy and cost more than he makes.  Without Medicaid he will die.
Please President Trump take a closer look at the Medicaid portion of this bill.
Clown laments.
"Big" like your non-existent penis?
Really? In Florida AGAIN?! Are you ever at the WH? Interesting, since you called out Obama for occasionally golfing...
They were lining the roads enthusiast about you LEAVING. Like the majority of America.
Why do the FAKE NEWS media refuse to mention a road? What is it with this road? I think we should be told. #mediaroadgate
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/03/top-5-tech-companies-that-offer-highest.html …
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/delete-your-facebook-account-permanently.html …
talk 2 mE!
Fake news?
Also, protesters. I saw the videos, did you? Many on-going protests everywhere. The country is pretty divided.
Nobody carers about your crowd size its about what you say and do as president and so far im not impressed.
Maybe you should let media report on you playing golf!
refusing to mention something unimportant isn't "Fake News" its intelligent use of resources as no one cares!
