Keep smoking that crack, pal.
he's sniffing it remember lol..
oh yeah! I forgot! Hahaha #snifflesmcgee
lol if he hits the pipe too, we are in deeper shit.. 
how do we know he already hasn't? 
well, by the way he's acting.. he might be, he's a crazy s.o.b...lol...
HAHAHAHAH
@chris63414391 at least our next President Trump has common sense. Even a child understands this.
seriously? Stop looking into his eyes. Come into the light.. wow lol

still denies it.. lies about everything seriously we are in trouble if something doesn't happen soon.. scary
I like the sound you make when you shut up.
lol
where is your make russia great again hat #mrga
lol
and other. Ames..seems to me you would have learned something anythingby now Go to ur security meetings and get off twitter
exactly
Just admit what is painfully obvious 2 everyone: u r in way over ur head & bow out. U can stop embarrassing yourself & .
his ego would never let him sadly. Would let us all get killed first, sadly
Agreed. It'll be at least 4 years b4  is represented w/the dignity, strength & compassion we saw last night. #ObamaFarewell
Trump's comment section is nothing but advertisements or Liberal Trolls. @realDonaldTrump
and remember who you work for; all US citizens and we will hold you  personally accountable. the Lord giveth & taketh away
I know. ...we need to get along with Russia. ...I worked in a house with Russia staff and they LOVE Putin. He's not going anywhere. ..
You think HACKING us is a good relationship??? PUTIN WANTS TO USE YOU. It's up to clearer heads to work around you.
you're the only fool lying to yourself
Yes yes yes yes yes! !!!!!! 🖒🖒🖒🖒🖒🖒we love you president, such a wise man! !!! 

Russian hacking was Obamas responsibility, but like everything else he's touched, you'll have to repair that also #DJTPOTUS

Do you wake up thinking of ways to defend Russia?? #TeamAmerica
You've prob nevr had a good relationship. Treason/making US vulnerable isnt good. Respect critical- Putin doesn't respect U
well according to the Book of Revelation we are supposed to band together to fight Isis with Russia
ok.   You hold the view that Russia will make America great againso fantastic baby.
you're the only one I see.
Wow. Calling the people he leads stupid and fools. #WorstPresidentEver
Russia was the one who liberated Syria and conducted a ceasefire between the rebels and government. What did Obama do?
 exactly
We can help make Russia great again.
They are in worse shape than we are.
how many #conservatives did your #POTUS just call stupid? #PissedYet
Donald, they hacked the US. The only reason you’re cheerleading for Putin is because he gave you the win.
no  the people HRC and OBUMMER failed to represent gave DJT the win. America FIRST!
100% agree.
Only a stupid fool would think Putin is on our side. He had your number from the start. A compliment is all it takes..
We've come to the conclusion that you'd be better off w a pacifier, blankie and straitjacket. Certifiably batsh*t CRazY
gets caught w his hand in the cookie jar. "It wasn't me, believe me." He's ALWAYS gets away with BLATANT LIES. #LockHimUp
The new Presidential Seal as of 01.20/2017
Only someone without real friends (you!!!) would solicit the friendship of a dictator like Putin.
yet it was the left that praised Fidel Castro as a "hero". The left better grow up.
Really, Yarkii? https://www.dni.gov/files/documents/ICA_2017_01.pdf …
admit past wrongs and move on. You can't have a good relationship if you've denied what happened. That's foolish
.@realDonaldTrump Being chummy with autocrats who kill their political opponents is great!
yeah but some of us stupid people think that legitimizing a ruthless dictator that kills his own people is kinda reckless.

This is to illustrate that even cheaters can win, those who act like spoiled brats? Great illustration.
that's a deep look. I just felt Mr. President-elect always seems to be lookin' for a hi-five.
Looks like you're begging for one.
I am.
Russia does not have americas best interest at heart
Hillary certainly didn't either. Hence why she has a "private and public policy" from her own words...
It's not bad to have a relationship with Russia. It's only bad when they manipulated your election and own you ;-)
Russia did what was clearly in the worlds interest by not supporting Clinton who stated they wanted war
You've been conned by a liar so no wonder you've lost touch with reality. @realDonaldTrump is far more dangerous....
lol conned by a liar when you wanted the clintons back in power 
You voted for inexperienced, incompetent, racist and insane @realDonaldTrump instead of the opposite? Conned
You're on the losing side of the argument. What's done is done. The DNC is full of Liars.
I'd rather have trump than have a pathological liar with special interest written all over.
Because gump doesn't lie. He's the Shepard while your the sheep.
why is "stupid" in quotes? It's a normal word. No "quotes" needed.
"Stupid" and "Intelligence" are both concepts he's been informed about, but he's still not sure they exist.
Yet he is stupid... maybe he doesn't know if he exists
I think he doesn't believe anyone other than DJT exist, except to serve his ego
what dirt do they have on you?
Patrick, its not dirt, its Hundreds of Millions in DEBT. The RUSSIAN banks own Trump INC,
that's dirt in in his eyes ..
@3L3V3NTH 
Guess U R 1 of those "STUPID" people then.
I've been stupid all my life and 100% DGAF
Lol

#Moron

The ultimate coward & traitor is calling every true patriot, the IC, the military & veterans "stupid" & "fools." 

You are truly the #EnemyOfTheState 
You have harmed America in horrific ways. #HumanStain 
@SteveSchmidtSES @Lawrence @NicolleDWallace @davidfrum @RBReich
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
DO IT !!!
Donald J. Trump
@realDonaldTrump
Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. Only "stupid" people, or fools, would think that it is bad! We.....
https://twitter.com/12inchspider/status/965771934003859456 …
Mr. President, the United States and Russia - a great power. You are in power to make our countries friends and partners. You are a very smart person and I am sure that you will make the right decisions to improve relations between our countries. Health to you!
Why the quotes around stupid? Do you not understand that it implies the opposite?

Cuba and Iran didn't attack the sovereignty of an American election.In what world is that ok?
you have selective outrage, it's okay to rig the election against Bernie but when the people find out n vote Trump it's a prob
Just how good is your relationship with Russia Donald????
"Having a (slobber....) good relationship with Russia (mmmm) is a good thing, (sucking noises) not a bad thing. (gulp)

You're so dumb you wait at a stop sign for it to go green
You are Putin's puppet. That is not a relationship.
But accepting help by Russia to steal the election is bad. You said it was rigged because YOU rigged it, #BenedictDonald
Attacking our elections is not a good thing
You must be the arithmetic man; you add trouble, subtract pleasure, divide attention, and multiply ignorance.
For you clearly profitable for us Citizens it's treason. Your time is near tho, impeachment is close at hand as is a cell for life.
If you think being allies with #Russia is such a GOOD thing then why don't you just #GTFO of @WhiteHouse & MOVE TO Russia ??
It must suck to know you pissed off white hats whom have been doing this since before your boy Jared and Eric tried to blackhat. #Morons
Are you in a costume? It's not Halloween yet... oh, never mind.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable? Like a coma.
مثل نیکی هیلی! :)
just wondering are u a legitimate president..
scary right.. do not look in his eyes lol.. it makes people crazy. His followers have no idea what's what
true right? It's crazy
Okay... So you are a stupid foolish Asswipe. Got it 
If USA & Russia can agree on a few things, the world gets a lot easier to live in. Russia cannot want Iran to have atomcbmb. Not logical.
Russia wasn't even on our radar till 1/2way thru campaign
Democrats know that they are vulnerable on Russia because of Clinton foundation and uranium giveaway. Offense is a good defense. Go get em.
So doing nothing about a country hacking our election is a good thing? You're a coward. You're a traitor. #NotMyPresident
They have been hacking us for 9 yrs   Where was Obama when they hacked the DNC primary rigged for HRC
Where was Obama when the Chinese hacked 21 Million names and info in 2010   He loses and CRIES
This is our Democratic election, Big difference
So 21 million names from OPM database is ignored and OK.   Maybe if Obama did something 8 yrs ago this would not have happened
Not the same as interfering  in our elections
I do not see your Outrage when Trumps taxes were released or the private conversation was released
Searched your timeline  No mention of Trumps taxes except the liberal rhetoric that he did not pay  Not mad about the hack though
Russia just made a mockery of the US election. Only a "fool" would think that's the sign of a good relationship.
USgov are pros@overthrowin govts&interfering w/elections.Now trying it here!Losers!
Mr. @POTUS,
I'm very concerned that making #JohnBolton head of #NSA will set us up for a #dumb, unnecessary #war, just like he did with #GeorgeWBush & #Iraq. You could #MAGA by bringing #peace between us & #Russia & #NorthKorea. Please stay the course.
You're so fake that Barbie is more real than you.
Only stupid people would be bought and paid for by Russia. #stablegenius
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork.
You're a traitor, wilfully oblivious and complicit. Boy will this backfire on you and the rest of the GOP communist party.
Better than selling out people & country to the will of a dictator who kills journalists & political opposition?
I'm aware of human rights violations taking place in Iran, but you said Iran is worse than Russia? They're allies!
Just pointing out the hypocrisy of an argument on Trump siding with Russia is better than Obama with Iran stance.
A 'good' relationship with Russia is a cautious one. Putin is one of the biggest violators of human rights in the world...

well said
 idiot
golden showers anyone lol? Ewww
THANK YOU and GOD SPEED on all your plans to MAGA!!! The DEPLORABLES have your back <3
compromising yourself with prostitutes endures you to Vladimir Putin?!? How is that good for democracy?
Well congrats on being a stupid fool I guess!

MAKE AMERICAN GREAT AGAIN WE NEED JOBS AND A STRONG COUNTRY
@mmayr5 .
Ourselves, intelligents italian people running with you.
God bless you.
It's always a good idea to have a good relationship with your boss, Don. Especially when you owe him money you can't repay.
Of course it's good, but that doesn't mean they are allied in interest. Don't forget Putin is a murderous KGB thug.
@cadillacman1961 Again on Russia, "Keep your friends close and your enemies closer". Applies to politics as well.
Those that'll write of your impending downfall will probably highlight this line of propaganda.
I called your boyfriend gay and he hit me with his purse
#DEMS_DC_Cartel &Few @GOP birds CRY 4Russia hacked THEIR #Spirit_Cooking_Patry Satanic acts, NOT USA data!

Can you please come up to Canada and fix our PM
hahaha you are funny
Snow mexicans?! Seriously! i am canadian and i am NOT a snow mexican. not like you would know...
only stupid people would call for a nuclear arms race. Get out of Russia's pocket and focus on what's best for the US.
uh... me thinks....me Russia likey;  peepul here... no likey...ha!
well said
Even Nixon was man enough to resign.  Hitler took the coward's way out.  You need to choose wisely and resign now.
Russia is counting on that because i bet they are going to take over the United States and it is going to be your fault
Thanks for being so mature with your words.
look at that!  Mocked a disabled reporter, now calling most of America/policy makers stupid.  This here is a stand up guy!
THANK YOU for being the only intelligent President we've had since George Washington!!!!
good relations apparently include golden showers.
lets see a january 17th tweet. Which means you knew the central intelligence agency and federal bureau of investigation
said russia interferred in usa prez election to help you win it.     Lol. Trumps. A president who calls the american
Russia will basically be calling the shots now. Should we say President Trump or President Putin? TRAITOR
never thought president elect could be so dumb!! Zero intelligence.
@mike_pence @TIME Great relationship! "grab em by the pussy'
can you TRY to be respectful and professional???
of course it would be good if they could be trusted and didn't spy on us!!  Friends don't do that!
because "you're the man".  Yeah, ok..
Only a fool would think that Putin would like to be our friend. #MoronPrez-elect.
Your mother's teeth are so yellow, I cant believe it's not butter
couldn´t agree with u more on this one, but i don´t think increasing us atomarsenal will improve the relationship with anyo
SOS: The Real ‘Russian’ Hackers Finally Exposed!
  http://stateofthenation2012.com/?p=62700 

IT'S THE STUPID LEADERS WE HAVE THE PROBLEM WITH NOT THE PEOPLE... YOU'RE FIRED!
but you work for us! Nobody is always gonna agree with you
Keep that attitude. You should also listen to this, if you haven't already: https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/818457359991250948 … You can make changes!
LIVE WikiLeaks press conf responding to CIA report on US election. Tweet your question with #AskWL affixed! https://www.pscp.tv/w/a0I9bzF6WUViR0R6bE1kUWV8MVlwS2txbWtEa21KahamsybbxS0El4gpIlOTj5Dz7ig_X3fTZtZqT_CAQXHa …
The report isn't even intelligence. It's a 'political press-release', at best.
why will you garner respect from Russia? Vladimir is kgb old school. He likes people who don't oppose him. He respects..?
Perhaps you set up the election hacking with Putin.
focusing on home..jobs from infrastructure projects..Butts For Mayor..Harrisburg Pennsylvania
Spot on
born and raised American citizen trump.  Throughout my life ive been aware of the CIA and although not perfect ive known
#respect goes both ways #notpresidential
Only a fool would believe anything you say.
Only "Stupid" people would have voted you in office. We've proven that there is an abundance of them, so deal with it
The road to Moscow is a boneyard. Let's keep it civil.
So, now your calling the American people stupid?!
Каждый знает, что ты предатель.
IMPEACHMENT!
Sad
only a stupid, crooked #PEOTUS would allow himself to be #Putinspuppet #putinspoodle #Trumpertantrum #ImpeachTrump
You can be so "fu_king" demeaning. People can differ with you, and still not be "stupid."
If you owe them money, then I guess it's a good thing.
Mr. President, Arrest Soros & give him up to Russia. Russia has an arrest warrant 4 him. Would go a long way to good will!
Thank you so much Mr. President for caring so very much about our country! God bless you and the First Family!
you should be arrested for treason...you have NO clue.
ARE YOU EVER GONNA TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANYTHING YOU EVER FUCKED UP, JUST TO LINE UR POCKETS! MAN UP, SHOW YOUR TRUE YOU
you cannot trust them
I would Trust President Putin if he gave full disclosure on paranormal activities and the advancement of his tech weapons.
Exactly!
You're the reason men beat their wives
liar
What?
too close than the URSS interest... Remember where YOUR interest is : America. You'll learn fast enough that Russia and US
totally true
nice...
if anyone should not have been allowed to run for potus it is U! With each tweet u reveal your insecurities. Embarrassing
Tell it to the Ukraine
Only 'Stupid' Twitler the 'puppet' thinks having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing.
Only stupid and foolish people think Putin is a good guy.
birds of a feather. A flock of flying monkies.
read The emperors new clothes. The tailors called everyone "stupid," too, but they were con-men. Old ploy.
u r a complete Moron!!!!!
