Thank you President Trump.  We know you, also, have to fight the killers of Seth Rich, covering for the Totalitarian Democratic Party:
We're glad you're digging into his killer, even with an @FBI & @DCPoliceDept  & @DNC obstructing justice according to the family's attorney:
We remember when the Obama administration and Hillary Clinton shared top secret information with Russia on Syria:
President Trump, we remember Clinton leaked top secret spy: Clinton discussed executed Iranian scientist on email
It is no happenstance, President Trump, the timeline of our CIA operative's killing in Iran due to Hillary's email leaks:
Thank you, President Trump!
President Trump - don't forget this:
You know the truth evades her:
@madras_bertha @realDonaldTrump @DJAliMeyer @FreeBeacon Why are Medicaid patients 3× more likely to OD? Why is there no OD database?
There's no od database so @CDCgov @US_FDA can tell us non existent numbers that can't be questioned
Another broken promise.
Today's EO established a commission on combating drug addiction and the opioid crisis. Watch listening session… https:...
we should established a commission to impeach you !, yeap
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @CNN
Hope he ends Obama rule that forced thousands of wounded veterans with severe chronic pain from blast wounds to euthanize themselves.
Whoops!
#MAGA
Yet you refuse to sign a state of emergency. Try going after the real drug dealers @bigpharma.
Pain addiction should only tackle addiction and add options-not take away pain med as an option.  Pain suffers need less suffering not more.
great
legalization of medical cannabis has reduced opioids useage by 25%
Never vote for the lesser of two evils...

I agree but those which victims of accident should be special cases always hunder medical procedures.
Why are you not addressing the opioid  epidemic. A whole generation is losing the battle. We need your help. Show the people that you care.
I am Egyptian and l love your daughter
My daughter passed 3yr now my 3yr son almost has 1yr he needs thease programs ins.I will have a function with your help
go trump go
And I'm sure you had the same empathetic feelings toward crack addicts during that epidemic, right?
trump did no such thing ,only interested in his own ambition/power!!!wake up america!!!
Ease regulations restricting natural pain relief alternatives. Legal cannabis. Stop prescribing potent pain killers for chronic pain.
But what about the people who hurt daily and there's no other option. I voted for him but I never thought  he'd hurt people who don't abuse
From the things he has done so far I do not trust him.
Why keep going to the past idiot is in charge now  stay in the present and trump is an idiot
do NOT over turn science or you are just theater.
Liberals will invent something against it! They want more addictions!
free Biafra from Isis in nigeria
Big-time issue. So glad Trump's addressing opioid addiction. Affects entire family.
Go after those who abuse Drugs!!! Let the doctors doctor,that's why they became one!!!,And let the government govern,they are not doctors!!!
Taking away people's medicines who needs it Sir is not gonna end war on drugs,that will start it,MRI'S DO NOT LIE!!!
Our country deserves better than what our bad neighbors from the "south" have dished out to us.+ elsewhere too maybe??
Meanwhile you remain the worlds fattest clown and you really need to shut up
Opioid addiction is the end of the line for most chronic pain suffers. Not a life. ECON CBD Industrial Hemp T. Jefferson's Crop
Billion of dollars worth imported. Cannabis used to treat inflammatory diseases & wean addicts off opioids. Keep it in the USA
We provide FREE drug treatment to 150 homeless & trafficked girls yearly -  need your support!
Can you not be president without Jared? The people voted for you, not Jared. The nepotism is shameful. Grow up and do your job-by yourself
Bridge gate  did not know about russia gate
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
JOKE!!!  Who gets the money in this program??
I hope you get a handle on this crisis. I lost my boyfriend in 2015 to opiod / heroin overdose
America is the seat of Satan, because that is what it became under Obama. Trump can change that and make America the land of the religious.
@Joy_Villa decriminalise use, treatment not prison.
God bless you for this, and let's check Mangos from Pakistan to Chicago!!
BURN the Opium Fields in Afghanistan 
1. Reduces heroin to the USA 
2. Reduces terrorist financing
Don't fool yourself . 40+ president before you couldn't stop it what makes you any different Chief. Government is bringing in most of it.
#Hempoil should be the cheap legal & 1st choice pain reliever. Also helps people get off Opiates, alcohol & other drugs without OD risk #mmj
so thankful you care about the drug epidemic thats overtaking millions. Its completely out of control!
.Please stop the law for recreational marijuana! Nothing good can come from legalizing recreational marijuana.
Obamacare increased access to treatment services. Trumpcare will impede access to treatment. What do you intend to do?
Thank you for taking this epidemic seriously. As a retired teacher, I bear witness to the loss of life of our finest young people.

.Mr trump this is one of the worst epidemics in our town. Not just opiates but illicit drugs also
@realDonaldTrump the only way sure fire way to fight opioid addiction is to legalize medicinal marijuana and make doctors stop overprscrbing
I wish you were in the U.K. We desperately need help combating drug addiction. Instead we got budget cuts...
400 million £ cut. It's wiped the addiction unit out here. They were kicked out their offices on Friday.
This is so great
#make rehab easy.
Thank you. Much needed help, we've had govt controlling the drug trade far too long, time to save our youth.
@RepBradWenstrup can you please explain why congress has yet to call for an investigation into Trump's ties to Russia?
WTF. Planning on building more prisons. Prison is how this country always handle problems. You plan to gut any healthcare covering rehab.
IT'S ALL MEXICO'S FAULT. WITHOUT DEMAND THERE WOULD BE NO SUPPLY. MAYBE ALL YOUR SUPPORTERS SHOULD STOP TAKING DOPE
The doctors are the ones that are prescribing them to everybody!
some people need them who can control addiction, I believe we need to evaluate once a month opiate patients.
man if the opiod addiction was effecting poc I'm sure the word help wouldn't fall from your loose vagina lips.
this is great stuff
Don't forget those reliant to simply live day to day caught in crosshairs and stigmatized being depressed with guilt!
When will people finally realize it's not the Drug's it's the drug law's stupid
By cutting medical benefits for substance abuse/rehab, and mental health services? Interesting approach 
that should be an easy fix. Get rid of the swappers.  I'm sure the shadow govi is to blame.
http://www.latimes.com/opinion/editorials/la-ed-trump-overview-20170402-story.html …

Bangin out them executive orders like they're going out of style
I hope they're smarter than taking pain meds away from suffering ppl which leads to HEROIN ADDICTION. DEA was making a HUGE mistake.
Jared is smart....thanks for adding him to your team....
But I applaud you and your team...using what resources are available....
Man's choices are being made.... Really ONLY Father God can deliver addictions ...
Thank you President Trump for wanting to help those with drug addiction....
This is a public health issue, Mr. President.  The drug war is and has been a huge failure. Turning addicts into criminals is not an answer
Looking at your face makes me rant to take opioids!
Ran by a fat ass addicted to food. Well, maybe he'll help himself.
Please don't forget about "personal accountability".  Ultimately, the buck stops with ourselves if we make bad decisions in life.
EO Medicinal Marijuana and SEE opioid problems dissipate
Try using the portions of the ahca already in place to help with this problem
Better make sure it's included in your Great Healthcare.
Interesting how that is more less a White problem!
build the wall to stop the drugs from coming over the border you can see him coming in on the cameras build the wall
God bless President Trump!  God bless America!  Trump 45!  TTT: Two Term Trump!! 
Drug rehabs cutting into side business? Hmmm.
HOLD THEM BY THE NOSE, KICK THEM IN THEIR ASS.
NY failing. Should call Staen Island...Heroin Island
Thank you.
Ur health ins plan would take away addiction treatment 4 many. Needs to b incl for all if you're serious about doing something about opioids
Enjoyed the you tube on the importance of our constitution.  Great presentation
Does that mean you won't be cutting the funding and mental health support in your #Trumpcare Round 2?
you appoint a man with zero impulse control to control opiods? brilliant. 

smh.

is there a bottom to your idiocy?
Can't you sign to veto sanctuary cities? These r Soros city ideas & protects illegals running the drug lines. Lockup Soros
Register all as addicts, provide medication, charge for costs to dispense, Rx as maintenence
Opiate withdrawal is something no human being should have to battle.   It's worse than anything I've experienced and that's a lot
Opiate education has never been done.  In hospital on more opiates than anyone I know and not once did they talk about opiate withdrawal
We need to ensure we put opiates in a total seperate class than other drugs.  Opiate addiction is not the same as other addictions.
Opiate addiction and withdrawal is something that you do not see with other drugs.  It's severe and opiates changes people's brains
There are millions of us that are NOT addicted to opiates. We just want to live a normal life without PAIN. #ChronicPain
Maybe start by having your Russian cronies stop trafficking opium from Afghanistan?
How about funding for clinics to help drug addiction. Especially for Wv residents!!!
Lock up the doctors!
FDA'S just approved ACTIPATCH lowers opioid usage in chronic pain sufferers. Go President Trump, great job so far!!!!! Go Bioelectronics!

Then don't cut the healthcare to help people with opid addiction. No one becomes addicted overnight . Hurting many families rest of life .
bros u too like tweeting. U be shareholder
please don't forget about Chronic Pain & those that are not addicted but use meds according to our MDs
We can't be more limited than we are now or our deaths will pile up and go unreported
"these", Christ refereed to "these" before Saint Peter. explain 'these': person place a thing a substance of impurity as i repent
Thank you! This is an important issue.
I want to be involved with this Opioid Addiction Treatment task force and OAI
This is very important.
luv ya dude
Another trump illusion of action.....form a commission Donald?  Welcome to the swamp your Highness.
Hey...didn't #TrumpCare eliminate treatment coverage requirements for addiction?  We see you....
, You need to battle stupid addiction! #FAKEPOTUS
Thank you for this!
And you lost your lawsuit for scamming people with your FAKE University
Executive orders? Oh the hypocrisy
Did they enjoy the fact AHCA would not cover addiction treatment.Policy matters not photo ops were you show everyone you can sign your name
Don't penalize people that need these drugs for chronic pain, it's no joke.
look! happy white people talking about the pain of drug addiction. pigs
New study of 33,000 cases found likelihood of a patient using opioids is 55% LOWER when they've seen a chiropractor
You are also making it more difficult for those who need pain meds!
@POTUS #ImpeachTrump already
funny how you managed to leave out the 3 senators with the legislation....fool
i love it, but the thing i think that will help this problem is the rebuilding of the family. bringing back strong christian values.
thank you it's about time people realized this crisis
You hired the man who had his stomach stapled because he couldn't stop eating! 
Put @VanJones68 on.  He doesn't like you and you don't like him, but you can both agree on this issue.  #bipartisanship
You and your buddy Chris should ask to share the same cell.  He should be locked up.
People have to be high to get through your presidency.
