Looks as if your AG Sessions is part of The Swamp. 
The AG's actions tempt one to speculate as to whether he is entirely free to do his job unconstrained by fear of personal consequences.
I can help with healthcare, I have been on both sides... I was the CNO in a hospital in CA then went to Medi-Cal... let me help...
Donald Trump is a great President. & I wld vote for him again
great move.
If an employee said this bullshit to me, I'd say, "You're fired."
What's the Capital? Answer quick, dimwit.
Dimwit? That's rich comin' from you, from you...
Thank you.
You're welcome, you're welcome...


Progress you haven’t a clue.
Were in NC I want to go???
Could you just leave the WH for anywhere? What about progress in PR and USVI??? Oh right you don't care. Planning Hunger Games? #UGH
Best 

President 

Ever 

#MAGA
#MAGA http://bit.ly/2lxm4Sv 
Don't let the WH door hit you in the ass.
Only for NC? Can’t you leave for all of the US?
#MAGA MORONS ARE GOVERNING AMERICA
Such an evil weapons
For a moment there I read you were leaving the White House ... not long now
you are right North Carolina is great.   I'd appreciate it very much if you golfed in another state.   thank you
Going golfing?
Bullshit!
You leaving the white house is definitely progress
JOBS! JOBS! JOBS! 

Or is that only for when you take credit for Obama, not when you broke a streak of increases that lasted several years?
I really can't imagine how 33,000 jobs were lost when coal is making its big comeback. And with the biggest distributor, Santa, needing supplies soon.
You can't imagine how jobs were lost with 3 major hurricanes within days of each other? Really?
Liar loser
Fake news
Blablabla blabla...
Really? Can you provide details?
North Carolina loves Trump!! 
The Only Big Progress is your rapidly expanding ass
HOW ABOUT MAKING NFL A FOR PROFIT BUSINESS AND LET THEM PAY TAXES LIKE THE REST OF US HOW ABOUT STOP GIVING THEM MONEY TO BUILD STADIUMS
Do you listen to @PostMalone?
Are we  campaigning/raising money ...No progress made , failures , instead of taking BC away from women is despicable!

What did those poor folks do to deserve a visit from the Orange Babboon? My heart goes out to them.
like what progress?
North Carolina asks that you not come. What if I say please


Sure. His mind will be like grits in 2020 when he's a 74 year old with his newest mail order hooker bride. Melancholia will be 50 - too old.
What is that progress being made on several fronts. Give America some examples.
They must have some good golf down there, right?
Locker room?!?..u deplorable, egotistical, narcissistic, imbecilic, racist, misogynistic dotard!!!
The country has never seen a President make so much progress so quickly! #MAGA

REALLY??? where???
#Resign
Bye. Leave forever
Don't come back 
Probably needs praise (campaign rally and fundraiser) to make up for his lousy ratings these last two weeks. Also needs money for legal fees
Well I hope he'll be seriously disappointed, NC is experiencing a wave of political activism since the election! #Resist #Persist
Any chance you’ll ever visit a blue state? Or are you that scared?
Doesn't need to! He won without them lol they are the armpits of America
Is that what they teach you in Russia?
No just the non homosexual, gun loving, anti illegal immigrant, Trump loving MAJORITY of America!
Umm, Maybe you need to go back to 4th grade math class. 32% is not a majority
.
Wasn't counting the graveyard and illegal votes that clearly you are!
You're also very funny.Tweeting form graveyard is not possible as far as I know but what makes you think I'm illegal?
Nothing,
Also cannot deny graveyard and illegal votes where cast tho

Thank you for what you do to MAGA, Mr President. 
The fake news media will continue to unfairly target you but we know they are very bad people. We support you President Trump!
Obama had to face Sandy, Matthew, and still kept job creation up 
#JobsReport
Well done GOP
BREAKING: US loses 33,000 jobs after hurricanes slam Texas, Florida; first decline in six years.
Thank You @POTUS44 
#JobsReport
Obama after 2,360 days: $44mil
Trump after 200 days: $57mil

Okay.
Fatso always on the mark.  NO T








Seriously has Donald Trump visited a state that voted for Hillary other than to visit his own properties?
Nevada
Touche.


You know, for once you're right Peaches. More and more people are seeing you for the criminal and utterly horrible person you are. Progress!
Omg. Peaches. That's WAY better than Marmalade Mussolini or Cinnamon Hitler.
All credit goes to @AllisonRFloyd for that. I stole it from her. 
It's fucking BRILLIANT and I'm mad I didn't think of it first. LOL
It is indeed brilliant and so is she 

Right back at ya
Richard Petty wants to hire a talented Black driver. His sponsor Smithfield wants no part of it & ended relations with RPM for 2018 help #43
Better review that
you can keep saying things, but it doesn't make them true. #worstpresidentever
I may not be a supporter of his but no matter what he says, you will find fault
you did know we lost 33k jobs, puerto Rico is still 90% w.o power, & 3 of his cabinet spent 3m to travel? @realDonaldTrump
You know that we just lost 58 lives just down the street.  Some things are more important right now.
yes apparently you haven't been watching my Facebook page.  @realDonaldTrump
At times.  I just have different priorities this week
so that's fine. I find these other things equally as important. Especially Puerto Rico @realDonaldTrump
Do us all a favor. Leave the White House for good. Resign.
Wow got excited with the first 4 words
Guessing your going to wait for impeachment then use them
That's all you know how to do. Fly around insulting everybody in your path and wasting tax dollars on your foolishness
And what would that be?
What the f is in NC? How about doing some work instead of wasting the taxpayers money and grifting, lying, whining, golfing, antagonizing
No progress you are moving the country backwards
If you are given a professional I.Q test and mental evaluation on TV, I would love to watch.  The ratings would be bigly.
Wish you were leaving it for good. Soon.
Hell! North Carolina would have been a Blue State if voter suppression from your campaign wasn't going on! Your Ass is illegitimate! You just occupy the WH! Keeping the set warm for a real President!! "Idiot Man"!
Liar in Chief ... disgusting and foul loudmouth bully. Can’t wait until you’re impeached.
Good. Don’t go back to the WH 

Yet you can never name anything specific.  It's always "great", and "on many fronts", but I bet you can't name one, and why...
You're not welcome here.

Damn, when I read; "Leaving the White House", I got excited....but then kept reading, bummer.
With our taxpayers money
Not by you.
https://www.facebook.com/NowThisPolitics/videos/1733884256643057/ …
We hate you here...I
Fried eggs.  Not bolts.
I trust US and China will have many political alliance secured , and particular for trade will many people be made rich by economic right .
Dont

Come

Back
What progress? What did you do? All I read is smoke and mirrors with you. Inform us of something real and tangible.
Can’t wait to see you leave the WH for Impeachment Hearings or better yet for Trump Tower after you resign “for health reasons”.
You dream!!!   No progress whatsoever in helping We the People!
Parts of the country, the whole Carribean declared a disaster area, millions suffering, the worst mass murder in our history, "Big progress"
Name one example
180k a hour for airforce 1. spend spend spend. its just tax money
Golf Tournament?
Another campaign rally?
No thanks
You need to leave it for a federal penitentiary. You damned con man, liar and thief! #IMPEACHTHEROTTEDTANGARINE ##LOCKHIMUP
VETO HR 1313 reaches your desk. This is another medical penalty bill! Be for the ppl. Stop forcing medical on us.
#Vaccine industry goes “nuclear” in push for new law that would deny you YOUR JOB if you aren’t vaccinated. http://bit.ly/2xq3y3l  #freedom
#FakeNewsTrump
Let's all defend our democracy from the free Kurdistan from the verdict of an oppressed nation #kurdistanblockade
Please stay there. #MoronsAreGoverningAmerica #DotardTrump
NC hates you and how you have treated Puerto Rico. NC could be next to be ignored by you. Please just RESIGN!
North Carolina Congresswoman Virginia Foxx, a Republican, is not for the people but for industry and BigPharma.
Hi
Don't come back!
What will North Carolina do with the White House?
Visit Ft. Bragg and the troops
No theres not!
#ImpeachTrumpNow
#ImpeachTrumpNow
 #ImpeachTrumpNow
 #ImpeachTrumpNow
De you even know what you are talking about?  I doubt it very much!
Could you be more specific and try not to lie this time?
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN 

THANK YOU MR. PRESIDENT
Liar.
http://www.masslive.com/news/index.ssf/2017/10/dr_seuss_controversy_continues.html … Springfield claim you ain't allowed to come in my state or my city so we'll see
I hope there is a lot of progress being made on the Mueller front, because frankly, you are destroying the country.
But first.....golfing. again. For what feels like the 300th time since the inauguration. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Draining the swamp any time soon?  Or did you find the swamp is to your liking?
Better than florida.  Stay away. Palm beach hates you
Yawn.
The only progress I need to see is ur impeachment 
Please come to California and see the other half of the GDP in your country.
I'm sure Mueller is making great progress too! #fingerscrossed
The only front you make progress is your golf handicap.
Big, tremendous, great, many, bigly?
I'd loke to find out if these liberals have ever learned to change a tire. #MAGA
" leaving the White House " great ! Oh but your not going back ? I hope .
@realDonaldTrump let the world know fir certain that earth is FLAT and MOTIONLESS
How about semi and automatic gun control? The constitution never said assault weapons. You are constantly on "fake media" uncensored. Truth
Keep it up Mr. PRESIDENT
Joining up with your neo-nazi brothers? #goodpeople
https://guycuffs.com/products/donald-trump-2016-make-america-great-again-heat-changing-color-coffee-mug-heat-transfer-ceramic-tea-art-porcelain-mugs …
It said, "Leaving the White House" and I got so excited.
Like what?
Don't come back.
Everything is BIG to you..hopefully your prison cell will be just as "BIG".
Could u not we really actually don’t like you so pls don’t.
Welcome to NC!

Good bless  u
Awesome President @realDonaldTrump!
Thank you @POTUS and @FLOTUS Trump for serving our Great Nation! 
#MAGA
#DrainTheSwamp
#LockHerUp
Trump, Progress? You’ve got to be kidding. You can’t get anything passed in Congress; your only “success” is issuing awful Executive Orders!
Mueller is making great progress as well.
My President God Bless America
He is going to meet with his white nationalist buddies
Welcome to NC Mr.President.  I love you!
Don,stop the BS.We need GUN CONTROL LEGISLATION ENACTED THIS WEEK.That is our priority. Not your unethical tax cuts4you&your rich friends
Should leave the White House for good while you can. Seems like the longer you stay, the more money you lose and the more you are disliked.
We've got two big fat tools in the senate already - we don't need your oversized ass and undersized brain here as well.
golfing again?  #worstpresidentever
Progress like the Great Wall of MAGA-Mexico you're building right?Right? When is the wall going to be finished Mr Make-Empty-Promises-Trump?
M
A                                                               G                                                               A
Lol no one wants you here. K bye
What fronts?
Trump, We Live In North Carolina & Do Not Want You To Come To Our State, Which Has Already Been Labeled As A "Hate State"!
We don't want you here.
Storm fronts? Should I start packing the paper towel?
They're only great states if they voted for you. Try working 1front at a time. You might make progress in the World
Don't want you there
oh yeah?  what?
Good job Mr Resident. #PresidentInNameOnly
Attendees, where R your $ going?
"RNC has already spent more than $400,000 on the Trump family's legal bills so far this year."--@CrewCrew
On your golf swing?
Hope that means finding a suitable candidate to primary Thom Tillis!!! << Moron!
Go home to your old life..
Donald DRUMPF!!! HAHAHAHA
Shame you aren't leaving the White House for good. Pity you don't do the world a favour and vanish for good.
Except the most important ones!
Yea.  Their called storm fronts and they are doing a lot of damage.  Not to worry   2018 we’ll rebuild.
My home
Stopped for a donut on the way. Ate it all in one bite, but chewed 20 times. Big progress being made!
Please don’t come here
Name one
WORDS MAKE MY MOUTH EXERCISE

Man I was super excited when I read this tweet until I realized you plan to come back
