bomb the Puerto Rico 
Don't dare lie and get Puerto Rico involved. It has nothing to do with YOUR failed health plan to let people die for you to profit from insu
Keep believing Trump dilirium. Talk back in 2019. BTW to Obama no. But that card is old.  The first, and most common, method is to subtract the debt level when he took office from the debt level when he left. The second, and more accurate, method is to add together his projected
You and your party have control of the power it is not the Dems it is you.  Why don't you try being a man and take ownership quit blaming
Republicans control the Congress, idiot. They are the loser party here.
@fotophilNC you're a DEMOCRAT!
I know, you wish we were giving it all to you, you bloated, greedy, corrupt, unloved, despised #ManBoy #Buffoon
Can we get rid of the individual mandate penalty?
Realizing of course you're more familiar with #Russia you #traitor
OMG,  bully, bully!!  Little hands, little head and blind as a bat. You are insensitive and clueless!!!
I love your tweet. Thanks for calling out Democrats.
The Democrats want to shut government if we don't bail out Puerto Rico and give billions to their insurance companies fo...
Stick by your guns. Democrats think they are still running the country. NOT!
lol. You're still tweeting about democrats. Hahaha
NO!!!
please japanise seek safety in flight in amerika..
Omg, u literally need to stop tweeting! Ur making the America look bad!
dems( wanting) has went past the sell by date; the expiration date,the use by date ! Now they can't get a date ! NO !
I have done the numbers and you owe Puerto Rico those figures. Get the facts before making bullshit up
Extortion. A shakedown.
Shut it down. Don't pay congress
U have far more support than media will admit. Reps under 50 are children who won't know how wrong they were until they mature and reflect!
Meanwhile in real news, Trump wants to bail out billionaires with more tax cuts for the wealthy. Cuz they need more billions
they don't want to be 51state but always want the USA  to bail them out.
What an irony you won thanks to russia and puerto rico and now you abandon them that you are unjust
Why do you blame everything on democrats?
Read LA Vida and you will see their horrible history of Puerto Rico. They do nothing to enrich our country, and make and export drugs here.
Hell NO. Shut it down. Enough is enough. Stop their paycheck and they will change their tune.
Shut down the government then. We SHOULDN'T bail out P.R.
Agree, NO!
You tell them mr president
What the hell are you talking about? Do you even know?
Repubs have got the power! Stop complaining! Man UP & do some real legislating.
No! Don't do it!
Please stay true to your own agenda!  You are a smart man and a terrific leader.
Stop making excuses and work with people. Do you know the word accountability?
let shut the whole fucking world, but no money for no one,that don't work & earn his $ with sweat, & hard work, "Santa Claus is death" , 
Down with Democrats!   They don't care about American citizens
Ivanka. Quick get the meds!
I think you forgot that the USA have certain responsibilities with it's territories, the same way you forgot how to do your job...
Hold your ground on this!
Liar
Dear President Trump: Wasn't ACHA going to give insurance CEOs millions more in salary perks? Save #ACA
Trump keep up the good work!
Obamacare isn't failure. It's 4the poorest of the poor. We need 2keep it 4basics, we need middle class healthcare2. The rich? They pay4own$
Puerto Rico must not be bailed out. Give them independence if we do. That way they're on their own in the future. No more!
You do know that Puerto Rico is part of the US?  Right?
The Democrats are not in power. The Republicans are.
100 days in, ZERO days without embarrassing the US, a LOSER in pretty much every aspect of your so-called presidency
Do you ever tell the truth?
Donald, Republicans have control of both houses there the Ines causing the delays not the democrats
Ok Donald,  you are right very hard.
What have you done this week other than tweet and hurt education and national parks? Oh yeah you typed up a generic 1 page tax plan.
You realize you're also President in Puerto Rico and they are an American territory right? Thereby, they fail, YOU FAIL!
Yes
Make the government of Puerto Rico audit their debt. Don't underestimate the corruption of their political parties.
Thank you @realDonaldTrump 4 doing the #right hard things 2 make AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Now, If only U could Remove the GREED disease! @tcot
You are such a Liar and don't live in Reality. You are Fake News Dude!
The Left have full control of their island. Oh and even with that debt they had the nerve to make more millionaire contracts that do nothing
With respect Mr #Trump the democrats are out of power. The only ones likely to cause a government shut down is POTUS and the RNC.
The people are with you mr president!! Don't give one inch to the America hating democrats
Hey Donnie. Your mommy called. She thinks you suck too.
This also sounds like nope. #russiagate #russia #flynn
I agree
Dont do it
#lies
UR lying...it is in the spending bill/Ryan sucks as does McConnell/screw congress/kick ass and get thing passed
Puerto Ricans are American Citizens and we pay the same taxes as everyone else but are mistreated and kept as a colony.STOP
Why are you accusing Democrats for EVERYTHING YOUVE DONE? Lying POS POTUS.
NO
I WILL NOT subsidize the poor!  If they can't afford health insurance on their own, I WILL NOT help them out.  I will only help my people.
I do not want to see Puerto Rico bailed out.  I do not want them to be accepted as a state either.  They need to clean up their own messes.
Tighten your own belt PR ! Cut those 131 government agencies down to size
And next year the 120 anniversary of the invasion of Puerto Rico by US . If you dont want to help fellow citizens let us be free.
More lies! You not to be trusted!
Puerto Rico is part of the USA. You failed to protect US citizens.
Shut it down
Shut it down, they love being santa with other people's money !!
IF 2nd group hadn't forced their way in &split our government into 2 The Constitution Would work like 4 fathers intended!
You control Congress and the White House.  Pass a budget and stop blaming Dems for your problems.
Ok, no. I know some of your voters and all your bots seem like they believe your ramblings but the majority of us don't. Cut the bullshit.
do you not realize that the Dems have 0 power in congress right now.
#puertorico doesn't care about it's debt, why should we? It's a big kid with entitlement mentality. Needs parental guidance not $s.
Jules...you are a hateful miserable person. Ask yourself why.
I wish he would explain the reasoning behind his rants. What the heck is he talking about? His ultimatums will cause the shut down.
Listen Donny, stop pissing and moaning about what the Dems are threatening to do and focus on making our/your government work together
We already bailed out PR once.   Never again!
ABSOLUTELY NO,!!
They want to destroy our country and silence all that oppose them. Why they teach that R constitution is outdated and needs to be rid of.
"I thought the job would be easier."  Such a fool.
Mr. President terribly disappointed with  your budget. Come Sept. you better not cave as the budget is nothing like your talk. Shut it down
Not only no, but hell no! Lol
You want to give billions to yourself and your millionaires club!  Stop messing things up!  This job is not for you.  Please just quit
Did you know that Puerto Rico  gives more $ to the U.S than they Receive? thought you did All they need is a breather
( then fine the  out of them for not working!!! No work= $!!! If won't work?? " ur fired"!!!!
well they got funded so I guess that makes you WRONG!!
No can do.
No tax bill til we see your taxes. We know the way you operate. Crumbs for the little people-millions for you and your cronies #ReleaseTaxes
Stick to YOUR plan
Don't do it!!!
#Russian-owned.@POTUS scrambling his brains trying to sound aware.  OLD!
You are the great deal maker. Get something done and stop complaining about everyone else. #enoughalready
So true **sad**
Do not bail them what the good for us tax payer money let them sink who cares
Why do you insist on tweeting your stupidity and ignorance for all to see?
What would the liberals do without welfare they might have to get a job
Donnie! Congrats on utter failure in your 1st 100 days! Not a single item on your 'contract' yet to be even started let alone done!
Like hollywood, you're lacking creativity and just doing reboots of old crap(tweets). Its only expect from a TV star/shitty business man.
Someone needs to tell this idiot Puerto Ricans are American citizens.
.baloney only Repubs failure 2 govern can shut down govt.We focus on real news #Flynn investigation&WH failure 2cooperate w/investigation
Take control
If you bail out PR, then CA will be next in line. States and territories comply with Federal Law. No more bailouts...FISCAL RESPONSIBILITY!
Are you SB？
You own Obamacare. You promised to fix it, proposed an awful plan, and couldn't get it past the finish line. #TheResistance #FakePresident
It will be the Republicans fault... NOT the Democrats!!
You want a billion $ to build a wall, but a billion $ to cover the subsidies for American health care is ridiculous?
AGREED- Time to stop FORCING citizens to give money to insurance companies. Time for you to negotiate #MedicareForAll
No to Democrats let them shut down the goverment.
Previous admin & wall st colluded in the bond scam that brought down PR. In this case, bail out the people, not the insurance companies.
Lies
The Repubs want to shut government if we don't give billions to their insurance companies for OCare. NO!
how many jobs will be cut from IRS and how much will it save us
Never trust a narcissist. They are pathological liars.
Puerto Rico is not one of ours. They had their chance back in 2000.
Agree! No $ for Gutierrez's friends and Obama's buddies
Investigate Paul Ryan, done this and it didn't work. Did he not get some "generous" bribes - needs full investigation. NO BAIL OUTS.
@GOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @HouseGOP @SenateGOP THIS is NOT OKAY!!! STOP!!!
Puerto Rico Legi is discussing House Bill 938 which limits benefits to gov workers, incl vacation days & contribution to the health ins plan
Let them shutdown and deal with backlash
Awe, no vote again? Perhaps you should start to work WITH the Dems and FIX Obamacare instead of change it!  Even the UN is on you now!
Proud of you POTUS for applying common sense to issues at hand. It's admirable how you don't back down when they push illogical agendas!
Last I checked there are counter intuitive things in this world to which apply common sense causes great issues.
Repeal and replace the disaster
YES!
Absolutely and wholeheartedly a resounding NO!
#unfittoserve #Resistance Puerto Rican are US citizens #ResignTrump
U have forgotten about the great care the Black Lung miners are receiving with monthly stipends added/given to them by Obama. Dementia?
Now you are Bannon's lackey, he wants to shut gov down.
They claim your not getting anything passed while they are the ones blocking it ALL! We want names!! 2018
@realDonaldTrump Mr. President... do you recall in 1975, Democrats bailed out your beloved NYC.  PR is a US territory and deserves the same.
U do realize that the Repubs shut down the government & caused our credit rating to go down 1st time in history
Let me correct you...Dems shut the government when they decided everything had to be their way, and GOP said not so fast.
incorrect. The Republicans
@realDonaldTrump "their insurance companies"?  #Democrats don't own them.  Is that what Jared is telling you?
Please be quiet. You embarrass all of us.
Oh you don't like insurance companies?  Stick it to them by supporting single payor.
Stand for us, Mr. Pres as you said it so many times! Free market health care is the answer!
