We would also like to express our support for those affected by the crusades.
Lovely Donnie, just getting around to this now huh? Loser POTUS.

Where have all of the normal boot lickers been today? Jacob, Collin, Seth, Trumpism, etc. It's not the same w/o their pathetic ass kissing
Very timely Mr. President.
Looking at these tweets I see nothing but spite towards you. Do u ever READ THEM?  Or does your staff edit them for ur tiny ego? 
Do you want Trump re-elected in 2020? RT for accuracy
I only see this president bringing people together ... in the other hand the media and ignorants trying so hard to divide and hate
U have that so WRONG. C I knew U weren’t from here! Look into his dealings. he has a big job that hires people for expensive work
Then look at his trump university, Then the access hollywood tape of last year..what he said about women. How he treats workers
Then charges them for room and board, visa fees. They have to pay back everything and end up working for like pennies on the dollar
It takes these workers 3 plus years to return home to India with nothing. Try googling trump in Dubai!
him and his father were sued for trying to keep minorities out of their properties. Minorities that were RICH.  A complete SCAMMER!
He threatens N.Korea constantly. his hatred for the first Black President is nonstop. Promised the LGBTQ community he was their friend!
You only JUST heard about this? Dolt.
Last month - timely.
You know Spain is in Europe, not Mexico?
JOB 38:13 (ISIS: YOU CAN BE ((ASSURED!)) OF IT!)
A little late for that, don't you think?
Your meds need adjusting.
Your presidency is so schizophrenic.
Man you're so late for EVERYTHING if you were a period... we would be buying baby clothes already
But seriously though.. last month? You would of been better off just keeping your mouth shut smh always late for EVERYTHING
A month late.. you missed your window yup day anything meaningful.. not that thing were going to say something meaningful you never do
Keep trying to gin up fear. It's all you've got. You have no clue how to lead.
And please stop pretending you speak for the American people
Right on time!

Trump’s NFL boycott fails miserably as “Monday Night Football” ratings skyrocket 63 percent https://shareblue.com/trumps-nfl-boycott-fails-miserably-as-monday-night-football-ratings-skyrocket-63-percent/#.WcrPFA-MWkM.twitter … via @shareblue
We're with you!


How about help for our citizens in Puerto Rico??  Or don't they count because they're not lily white?? You're a fraud!

Last Month? What took so long? Oh they speak Spanish, not some Slavic language which you seem to like. Both in wives and boyfriends.
You must be planning a new golf resort there, as I doubt you could find Spain on a map of Spain and care about it even less.
Bloody hell youre on the ball.



What a dork. I bet he was always picked last in gym class.
Oh my God.
Kind of late aren't you IOTUS?
But the NFL...
What about the people in Puerto Rico do you support them or are you just going to ignore them
You're such a weirdo
Took you this long? I don't think Spain gives a shit about you!
What about Puerto Rico? Are you going to give support. Or talk about the NFL players again? America wants to know.
You're pathetic! Doing something more about helping PR!
Delayed reaction
By the way President Obama beat you to it a month ago
We will follow you to the end Mr. President lead the way
Keep up.
LAST MONTH?!?  Yep, the orange dotard strikes again!
Si Miguelito, todos lo sabemos...Trump, como siempre, esta en otra galaxia.
Obviamente, se está cubriendo el culo, por la visita de España. Él es un desastre humano. 
I like
Hi America. It's random tweet day.
He's trying to distract from all the NFL tweets that he was using to distract from the failed Health Care bill.
....to distract from his administration using private emails to distract from Russia to distract that his presidency is a fraud.

Poor leadership MR. President. How many more deaths because gun violence(from own US citizens killing each other) with guns
Last month?  A little late sir wouldn't you say?  Just bc the President of Spain came to visit?  lol
Lol! You ARE so correct....
Take a Knee
Bend the knee like Jon Snow
President @realDonaldTrump The attack was not in Spain, it was in Catalonia, we have our own President, our own parliament, our own Police
Catalonia is a Spanish region. 
The only reason you Franco Spaniards need to imprison Catalonia is because you depend on our money, Lazy corrupt Spaniards.
Jajajajajajajajajajajajajajja
That’s the way Pres Trump always with a HEART of LOVE
Thank you!

Last month???  Wow, I didn't think you could move any slower than you have done on Puerto Rico!
Trump is fostering terrorism by dividing the people, stoking hate, exporting weapons and implementing travel bans.
"Greatest POTUS ever"
It's like you just "found out" about Spain's terror attack. You thought Iran shot off a ballistic missle over the weekend when it was false
Yay! More bombings! All this misanthropy makes me so giddy!
MAYBE DO SOMETHING IN PUERTO RICO, GEORGE BUSH.
So who do you pray to?  Satan?  Beelzebub?  Lucifer?  Baal?  Or do you have your own special demon set aside just for you?
Are you trying to deflect attention or did you tweet this because you met with the Prime Minister of Spain  today?
LAST month?  Did you finally wake up?
Now? It took you a month to say something? Get off twitter and do your damn job! #DotardDonnie
You sure do tweet alot, dont you have a job to do like pretend to the the President or help Puerto Rico?
Last MONTH? Are you going to thank 9/11 first responders next?
HELP PUERTO RICO!
This picture are just ruff idea of what ur billding
This seems a bit late?!
A day late and a dollar short. Dumb ass

You took a month to respond? After meeting with Spain you realized they were not those brown people from the south of the border?
$10 says you couldn’t point to Spain on a map
LAST MONTH?  How timely.
I also would like congratulate Cristobal Colon for discovering America 525 years ago! Congrats... that was so aweeeeessooomeee!
Idiot
You are doing more damage to our country than any band of terrorist ever could.
MASA: Make American Smart Again
Now? A month ago?

Please also express your support and extend your prayers to all those patriots affected by the vile, Orwellian #SJRes49 u signed this month
#putitdown
Way to get on that. Asshat
save your own people inPuerto Rico. By the time trump stops talking and taking actiion, it is just heap big smoke but no fire.
Last month? Little late, don’t you think? #FakeFoxNews didn’t tell you about this when it happened? #FakePOTUS #Impeach

Its getting old. Puerto Rico, e mail scandals and health care isnt. Why dont you tweet more about those e mails like you did with Clinton?
Again a little tardy. Doesn't even count now- needs to be heartfelt and in real time.
Last month! A little late. To bad you had all those NFL and NBA distractions
#DoSomethingAboutPuertoRicoYouSonOfABitch
Quit pretending you care about anyone but your pompous self.


TRUMP LIED  HIS MAMMOTH ASS OFF IN ROSE GARDEN 2DAY I SAW PUERTO  RICAN GOV PLEAD4 HELP FROMLAST NITE.SAID THEY“OWED 
WALL ST.“
You mean he's actually going to do his job. Is he done calling African American  football players "sons of bithches"? Trump is a POS!
Kind of late, don't you think? How about showing some sympathy and support for #PuertoRico...?! #NotMyPresident
What about the humanitarian crisis in Puerto Rico? You could have saved lives, but this is part of your plan for ethnic cleansing. SHAME!
What are you talking about? Puerto Rico proves you don't like brown people.
Condolences are usually expressed more promptly and not as a quid pro quo . Please get a clue, any clue. Thanks,
That didn't take long....a month!
Last month? So Puerto Rico should expect help by Christmas? WTF are you on about?
terror Spain and Europe, to serve as an example to the judges, and to support important laws.
Wow, that late a speech?

Guess all that tv got u a bit behind. Or did someone else remind you
Little late donnie?
One month later.
You don't give a shit about anybody. #Pigman
Last month?!?! And you comment about it NOW?!?! Were you too busy peeing on Russian whores?!?!
@GOP @CNN U already said it Dotard now get with the program & do something 4 ur ppl in PR Hoping those who can move to mainland & vote u OUT
...."last month".  
Last month?!?! WTF is wrong with you???
Drugs.

Taking time out of your busy schedule of golf, tv and picking fights  w/ . . .well, everyone to express your "concern" for Spain A MONTH...

I guess PR will be mentioned in about a year
You are just NOW getting around to saying something?? WTF??
Last MONTH? Little late then, aren't you?
IT WAS NICE TO SEE THE LEADER OF SPAIN,  HE  SEEMED TO BE VERY NICE AND HE LIKED YOU ALSO. WE LOVE AND PRAY FOR YOU.  YOU ARE GOING THRU HELL AND
YOU SHOULDN'T HAVE TO. GOD WILL HELP YOU.
Hey how about immediate help for the Americans affected by Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico. Millions will die before you get them help.
Uhh... What? You're only now talking about a terrorist attack from a month ago? Is that how long Puerto Rico will have to wait?
>an entire month later
LITTLE LATE.
Traducirselo a Rajoy por favor...

Last month?  WTH. Did he finally realize it happened?
Last month!!! You're late, loser.
And I am affected by charged particles. They are using it at day time. I can feel it.
So, just a month later?! So busy in dealing with unimportant affairs in WH? Godness, feel ashamed
Terror attack by Fake Emigrantion Refuges no Integrattion un Spain.Europe
Spain, we're sorry our President waited until today to express his support and prayers. The rest of us expressed support, etc. a month ago.
What's your angle?
Lol about a month late bucko
Last month??  A little late, aren’t you?????
Last month? Get with the program.#lamepotus
So it made me make up a saying and i say to them well ya cant judge an american by their President. And they feel better.
#LockThemUp
Trump: PuertoRicans have been Underserved after the Hurricane. PPL need food, water, shelter and medical help. STOP these FAKE NEWS Tweets
Deport all islamic terrorists and criminal illegals, Make America safe.
too little too late.. who is writing your tweets for you?

Release your tax returns
Puerto Rico
Hey, um, are you paying ANY attention to Puerto Rico?
Did you meet the Prime Minister of Spain yesterday or the President? dolt
What?
Little late
Wow! It only took you a month to express your support?  What a POS POTUS!

Mark Cuban flies supplies to Puerto Rico. Dallas Maverick players are flying with the supplies.
Trump owes $33 Million in taxes to P.R. 
Seriously... who the hell gave you back your phone?! Gen. Kelly, come get your boy...
You still haven't acknowledged the bombing of the Muslim mosque in MN earlier this year.  Are you POTUS for all Americans or not?
The war against the Islamic State is soon going to end; thereby proving to the world that no terror group is safe with Trump in charge.
Does  Spain owe you money? Better go check....
About time, @ashamedbypotus
Took you a month??? Guess the NFL & name calling to N Korea are more urgent!  Sad
But not to the American citizens in #PuertoRico, who have far worse to contend with. Oh, right, but many of them speak Spanish. No, wait---
Last month? Shouldn't you be current? Maybe less fussing over football and more interest in world events.
Last month? Really?
Last month? Have you been sleeping?
Took you long enough. JFC.
Only a month late. Faking empathy is hard, eh Donnykins?
Shove yer Spain up yer arse ya baldy basturt
tRump, too little, too late.
Well, you took your time.
But still no mention of bomb in Minnesota.

A month late, not bad for Trump
there have been like 10 other tragedies since then, you rly need to pick up the reaction times
However your terrorism continues in the US.
@realDonaldTrump Twitter feed goes on like he didn’t defend white supremacists. Sad. #FraudPresident #ImpeachTrump #TrumpDisaster
you'll support immigrant as allies when you need them but try to build a wall to keep immigrants out.

