
Yep you are indeed a virus.  Breeding in the dank of Trump’s lower bowel.
May it be fatal to his presidency
We can hope and dream!
Thank you for your kind words!
This orangutans is a clear and present danger to the World!!
You want to be liked but it's too late. You really don't want this job as you won't be liked by so many. Consider another tv show and resign
Why don't you talk about global climate change. That IS taking ownership of our future! As another massive hurricane looms....
Give them both barrels they are a joke
So specific 
Thank You #PresidentTRUMP
PLEASE CALL @ASavageNation
Director Mueller will be watching you!
POLL 

How would you Grade the President's job so far??

Vote below and RETWEET 
D
Do us all a favor, stay FAR away from the tricky ones. Leave those to Kelly or Mattis. You're not educated enough to play on the world stage
Do you support a first strike against N Korea if they launch another missile over Japan? RT for accuracy
Make america proud MR trump
Do you support @realDonaldTrump ?
Don't feel bad if it goes mostly for hillary, most of the people here are triggered libs who want attention, so they use twitter.

Stupid speech at 10 am. Resign
Please don't embarrass us again.
Make Venezuela great again.
It's a speech, the size doesn't matter, it's just another speech full of empty words and broken promises.
You are such an embarrassment and a fool. Calling Kim Jong UN Rocket man, again, at the U.N. no less, makes you look like a child
Is the contest advertised on Facebook to win a dinner with you by donating to your organization a real thing or fake?
The only thing tricky about this, is you being to give a speech without making a fool out of yourself and embarrassing the USA!
Are you going to tell everyone that your campaign manager is going to be indicted?
Why? are most of the United Nation dignitaries hiding from you? You embarrassment of the United States...... we hate you
Who is on your team?  Can you name them all?
Please don't give a speech and embarrass America more!
You are the embarrassment.
OAN, News reports. Hillary Clinton is refinancing Antifa via Clinton foundation funds. Antifa member arrest revealed Clinton involved with
HRC  is financing Antifa. Antifa member arrest The member was seen meeting with Hrc. Told police where they get money . OAN news
I will be sure and NOT to watch it! Thanks for the Warning! All you are going to DO is Embarrass the a United States as Always!! FUCK WAD!
Dr Seuss had better language skills.
Don't pull a typical "trump" the world already thinks you're a joke
Really interesting. Tricky?
Only thing "tricky" is how you and the Russians worked together for you to become POTUS! Don't worry though, Mueller's getting close!
Seriously though, who refers to things going on at the UN as "tricky?" I suspect you may be projecting. You have a lot of tricky experience
I would ask you not to embarrass America while you're there, too late, you did as soon as you arrived!
Your countrymen voted him in
たんぱく質分解ですか？
磁気が弱まって、光が強烈に降り注ぐわけですか？
What a moment of utter humiliation to have u address the UN with your racist Stephen Miller speech. Even that'sbetter than u off telepromter
Love my President.
You da man Mr President.
We are proud of you Mr. President!
Says one of the dwindling 34%.
That's #FakeNews the 34%!
#IStandWithTrump
#FakeNews...the fall back excuse as to why THIS is the most unpopular "president" of modern times and willful ignorance of the truth. #sad
IDK where you're from we love our President! 
#IStandWithTrump
Yes, I'm sure the politically and culturally misguided, misinformed, and/or ignorant 34% do. THAT'S what's so #sad.
#Mueller #45Lies
The fact that the 10 most under educated,poorest, least healthy states are all republican led is purely coincidental I'm sure .
Stay the Course, We Stand With You, We Cannot Tolerate madmen threatening to kill American women and children. God Bless America! #USA #MAGA
Trump will kill many more people with his health care plan than any terrorist threat you perceive.
Zzzzzz Zzzzzzz
WE MISS OBAMA!!!
Obama? 8 years of nothing
You are embarrassing the United States hopefully for the last time. #TrumpRussia
Never thought I would have a @POTUS that is my voice when addressing other nations! I am proud to be and American & I #lovemypresident 
So you're a white male billionaire? Congrats!
She doesn't want jobs...she loves that Government assistance program
Don't make assumptions. You know nothing about me or my beliefs.
"So your a WHITE billionaire" but yet you tell me not to make assumptions....typical Liberal
Good things: 
Handshaking
Backslapping
I felt important
Look at me now, dad

Tricky things:
Foreigners
Tricky things:

Speaking in complete sentences
I thought you were against everything the United Nations represented?
Great so in just under three hours the entire world is going to know how much of an ignorant fool you really are
Why can't this happen yesterday???
The UN view you as a joke, PERIOD!!!

trump bad how is he going to embarrass the us now
Next time, on “the Appresident.”
You gave an amazing speech!
Finally someone that is not the usual hypocrite.
Good luck mr president.
Can you ever speak with a vocabulary higher than a third grader.#speak like an intelligent person.
Mr. President, you have made us proud, truly proud, to be Americans!  God Bless You!
Well done, Mr. President!! 

that's all you got?! Boy, Bye! Change your diapers too.
Don't worry i thought the snowflake could use one of these
63 million Trump voters will never leave him! We are just a few die-hard supporters! @realDonaldTrump @ChristiChat @LindaSuhler @steph93065 
OK.
A "GREAT SPEECH" There are to many losers out their that dont know a good thing when AMERICA HAS the Greatest President in HISTORY !!!!!!!!


President Trump blocked a woman with stage 4 cancer on Twitter. 

Here’s her response: 
When you've embarrassed the United States at the U.N.
Covfefe is the unofficial beverage of Nambia.
Thank you, Mr. President
GREAT SPEECH SIR!!!! THANK YOU!!!
Great speech at the UN.  I listened to every word!
And you made a fool of us all again , trumpshit
I'm proud of you Donald, get that war cracking with NK using your witty and well thought out tweets.
Careful, Doturd doesn't understand sarcasm.
All talk,lacking essence toddler in chief
Then why did you slam them.
The FUCK!!! Stop!!!! DO NOT Opening your mouth. DO NOT SPEAK! AMERICA IS TIRED OF YOUR DANGEROUS IGNORANCE WORD POLUTION!
You obviously did not make it out of elementary school....if you had  you would realize WHY the United Nations exist.  And yes, USA is alone

We would have had a great team - if Obama were still in office & you were sick today.
Too bad, now the entire world is embarrassed for us.
Rocket man may be a psycho but he made a pretty valid point about you today
Absolutely love the message! Keep it going.
Wow  you were indescribably AWFUL!!! You are not fit to scrub the bathrooms at the WH. You're a disaster of historical proportions RESIGN!
Your tweets read like a 5 year old wrote them
God bless you ! My prayers for you
Mr. President. God bless you and God bless America
Your use of the name Rocket Man is just one more indication you are totally unqualified to be President #losertrump

Terrorists love how u are dividing us. Old white Rep men always have to make a war.
Being President is tricky isn't it?  Being a reality tv star...much less tricky.
So you plan on killing millions of people ? You may not be planning on destroying a country But you don't mind using lives as chips
Is this the same U.N. that you disrespected? Now you need their help! You don't know WTF you are doing. #Resign!
Loved your speech! Plz keep ur campaign promises - US 1st, immigration reform, healthcare, etc.

You actually suck at this.
Please stop acting like a kid calling our enemy names... rocket man ... sheeeeezzz
you read from the teleprompter like a first grader with their first book!
Mr. President, outstanding speech! Finally someone states the obvious and holds everyone accountable for results! Well done!
The only things big about u is yr mouth and ur gut!
Always Ever words .. When Follows actions?
Trumps speech to the UN was AMAZING.  Listen to it
Bye bye Trump bye bye Mr creepiness hello VICE PENCE can't wait till your gone while Mueller sings this song
You're a pure Asshole. I'm amazed at how ignorant you are. I want people to listen to your conferences and pay attention to your comments
Mr. President, great speech.  Thank you for letting the other nations know where America stands.
https://youtu.be/Uz9PNoecNxU 
I didn't notice any big words in your big speech.  The United States deserves better than a big #bully.

You speak like a child, lots of babbling without making a point.
God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob enlighten you on this arduous mission.
Big week for your Hotel across the street.
Congress needs to stand up and unite in #impeachtrump.  The man is a lunatic. He will be the death of us!
Only at the U.N. can you hear "you're an embarrassment" in multiple languages in one room.
Your speech was an embarrassment to our country...
You are a twat and that speech was a humiliation. Don't you have something you'd rather be doing?  Groping? Bankruptcy? Somewhere else.
Good!  America First!  No Globalist!
You managed to step in it again, Trump and nobody in the world gives a fuck about last November. #25thAmendmentNow
Resign You are so Dangerous!!
#notmypresident
유엔연설 멋지십니다
사랑합니다
a speech not worthy of a failing middle school student. Inflammatory. Awful. Fake. Presidency
2x "big"= still infatuated with size. 
Tricky ones? You're going to try some more tricks? Better start with tricking your followers on false promises...wait
#Failing #LowRating President* Drumpf makes fearful speech setting US up for war.  Draft dodgers always want military action. #MAGA #SAD


#FTHEUN
You embarrassed our country one again.

You're wrong... millions love him and we know  that just makes you just fume!!
Was it the biggest ever?
The bloated buffoon aka Rape Man blasts Rocket Man and gets burned
You are no better than Kim. You are bad for US. Kids cannot even watch u on TV. Bully
That speech Trump gave before the UN was pathetic.  Must have been written by a 5th grader.
Vowing total destruction and using words like America First isn't really what the UN is about.  Next time you may want to stay home.
You are an embarrassment
Which you proved you are a laughing stock. And far from presidential
I feel like you need some help, synonyms for big: important, significant, key, momentous, far-reaching, impactful, vital, critical, crucial.
Tremendous speech, Mr. President. Never been more proud to be an American #maga #AmericaFirst #Trump2020 #TrumpStrong #Trump45 #TrumpSpeech
You're a scumbag piece of shit and a MORON!

It was a big speech. Covered all the bases. Even received some applause at UN. Had Mr. Putin or Xi attended; They would have been upstaged.

You are delusional! Please get help for your serious mental health issues. You are morally, intellectually, and emotionally bankrupt.
Today's Trump's speech made millions of Iranians extremely happy and hopeful.
that wasn't a speech. You were medicated and read a script written for you. Now who!e world knows you are NOT A LEADER.
You're doing great saving BOTH America & the World from International Orgs @VP @CLewandowski_ @stevenmnuchin1 @MemphisTEA @stephenkbannon
Nigeria president needs to be questioned cuz he's against the killings in Palestine, while he's committing genocide in Nig

Beautiful speech! So proud to be an American!
Best speech ever in the UN. The best part is that a U.S. president delivered it.
Keep up the great work @POTUS  !!! @GOP @WhiteHouse  @TheDemocrats
You embarrass us

Embarrassing. 
Good deal for America! Thank God we have a president who likes his own people
Bullshit. You are a bombastic jerk, who is an embarrassment to any American with even half a brain -  which excludes good part of your base
Everybody is ashamed of you
Would like a freeze on board of directors and ceo have no access to accounts and still no cash made aviable no statue for murder for hie
Against me i should now be share owner of wells fargo or do they have what they owe abd interest of 25%
You are great but he is not a rocket man rocket boy
Great speech!
All of obama and hillarys murderous dictators were put on notice
Give it up CHUMP
45 ways to take a dump by donnie trump....#4   scat at the UN
So President #Fucknut, how bad did you screw us over this time?
If the UN was a newspaper, the US would be the comics section...
Embarrassing speech
You talked too long, said nothing good and embarrassed yourself.  Thankfully the rest of the world that most of Amercia doesn't agree with u
EPIC FAIL.
#UNGA2017
#TrumpAtUN 
#USAatUNGA 
#MAGA = Make America Gag Again
