That's what I told my wife last night it's 2 show N.Korea we r not going 2 put up with there crap
Russia and North Korea sees that as well. It's like killing a flock of birds with one stone.
عليكم.ان.تنظرو.الي.كل.ماتحبون.للهذا.الكوكبب.وان.زراعه.اراظ.الجنتين.التي.من.الاخدود.الي.قبر.س.هود.وفي.بحت.زاهر.شرحه.هي.ط.
Probably Prime Minister Abe applied for North Korea to launch a missile.
Because Abe thought TRUMP would forget the criticism of Japanese illegal exchange operation by missile launch.
That's why it's 115 yen per dollar. Are you OK with that? Japanese cars will step on the American car.
Mr President look like a duck！haha
You look and sound like you took your meds!
ông quan tam nhiều tới đất nước chúng tôi nhá
#Bj Why can't Obama be stopped from interfering with our gov. I am SICK of him!
show North Korea that we mean bizzness!!!
safrh
Good for you trump! We are great friends with all the members of  #shorinryu #shorinkan. Okinawa, japan. Oss.
why do you look like a lost child? So #weakdonald
#ICYMI: Joint Statement with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on North Korea. ...
本当にトランプ？
too much appreciated!!!
#Bj Ck 20 year olds on disability because their relative works right place. Stop paying for 4 kids 4 mistakes not
Hates Donald
The North Korea problem is very dangerous to everyone in the world,we need to find a way to control them !
so...uh... Whatcha doin over there bud?
Pathetic. And I bet Mexico is really happy about deporting everyone to Mexico.  Let us know how that goes.
安倍ともできてる説
México not Bill te wall!!
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/auto-delete-your-facebook-account-after.html?m=1 …
please help me help my daughter show me you care about the little guy please i am desperate
it looks like the donald has to remind himself to breath every 4 or 5 counts
Is that a GPS who translate?
looks like a terrified child whose dark secret will be exposed as soon as he opens his grossly unqualified mouth. #resign
You look scared Donald. You forgot your earpiece again, are you ok?
wonderful news! Thank you so much @POTUS! We are so lucky to have you to make America great again! One Nation Under God!
tell china if N Korea attack US or an ally it the same as China attack. We US will used whatever force even Nuclear
perfect statement. ! Best one yet.
your thoughts...can I eat just popcorn for dinner? Popcorn is yummy. I'm good at standing still standing is easy. I'm smart
Thank you very much for Joint Statement with our Prime minister Shinzo Abe. #トモダチ作戦
my president Mr. Donald Trump America must stand strong do not let all the countries put America down it's time TJ pray
Aren't you embarrassed to stand by PM Abe w/ no translation device when he'ss addressing the public in Japanese. Sad!
understands just as much of what #PrimeMinisterAbe is saying as he does EOs written by #PresidentBannon. Sad! #ICYMI
Korea for the Koreans, White country's for Everyone is #whitegenocide
America at war with china? Along time ago...or am I getting that wrong...
Don't you  ever LOOK LIKE YOU CARE?
打倒美帝国主义，你们一切的和平演变的阴谋是不会得逞的，中国人民是团结的，我们不惧怕任何东西，社会主义万岁，毛泽东主席永远是好的领导人。
打到美帝国主义，一切对中国的阴谋都不会得逞，中国人民团结，中国人民爱国，社会主义万岁!
it wasn't mentioned.  You  lie!
so happy you're my president
anyway you can stop speaking in Public. Let Pence do it he sounds Presidential. You learn to read.
you look so embarrassed
I'm so glad that you're standing behind Japan. North Korea is doing illegal missiles over to Japan. @MargotBirckhead
what about  #fukushima ?
看你一本正经的装B，安倍狗很尴尬的
with these small dead hands.....
fake news.
Shinzo should be responsible for his snot of history crime
what lots of jokes. Put this on comedy channel.
please avoid the indigenous peoples land. Haven't they lost enough.
invite al de sur korea jajajajajajajajaja
maybe it means something else ??? ... hope it's not a threat !!!
PrinceRezapahlavi_Trump_sos
#princerezapahlavi_trump_SoS  5
yep and he thinks you are a nut job too.  You are embarrassing the entire country.
you do realize that Minister Shinzo doesn't like you...
At all.
These leaders don't seem to want to shake your hand! I thought you were the germaphobe!!!! LMBBO!
Flynn was also doing your two women you no the escort and the trainee the one that has the failed clothing line.
you look like you're trying to hold in a fart.  Seriously, WTF?
#princepahlavi_trump_SoS

. Good Job
You look hostile and bored. I suggest you get a protocol coach, your handshake with Mr Abe was abysmal, he rolled his eyes.
your awesome Mr President @POTUS ,, keep on rocking making AMERICA SAFE AGAIN and GREAT AGAIN, MAGA 
सम्पूर्ण मानव जातिको मुक्तिको मार्ग :
 https://www.facebook.com/janabadi/posts/1298845146862462 …
 https://www.facebook.com/janabadi/posts/1298834796863497 …
There's no need to capitalize "statement"!
Great.
"DUH, WHAT DO I DO NOW MOM?"
you said nothing about N Korea.
Thank both of you for warming relations. We need peace and bisiness deals acceleration to MACH 5  not war. Trump wins
where's your press conference about Russia's missile test and spy vessel and planes in US territory..did I miss it!
就喜欢你听的仔仔细细的日语@然后也不带同译耳麦
Embarrassed ALL Uncomfortable handshake-classified discussion in private club-no hdphones for translation of PM remarks SAD
In the background a wiggly-wobbly
Again, you are the lesser man
I feel in my bones that we will never get along well together.
You were stumbling all over yourself. So UNpresidential. You looked like a fool reading and standing there. SERIOUSLY!
Sir, Americans & Indians are great .They should try to save this holy earth & make it without of any stain of  human blood.
He doesn't even know your name.
O
When will Donald learn to tie his neck tie
hi
the (D) are trying to bring your administration down. You are being monitored. CNN looks quite happy with Flynn's exit.
Best wishes！

you know dons thinking what do I do with my hands.
great work up to now
put trump in jail
Weekend at Bernie's
The Camera's been drinking..
384114
40404

I need a written one to read
thank you!
did you see the face he made when you finally let go of his hand. You are accosting  people when you shake their hands.
by joint statement you mean stand there while HE makes a statement?
traitor
you look like you have radiation poisoning now
You should really take this video down or crop yourself out of it. You look really silly...and sad. @POTUS
come on Time to put the Cowboy hat on and lets get things done!! Shame the Libtards who stop progress
It's a guy who is an elected executive representative of his country....and Donald Trump is there too!
Prime Minister Abe is a class act.. you looked like a lost & bored kid.. YOU LOSE
well of course you stand behind Japan, rather than with or perhaps side by side.
Why are people so mean and hateful when they post on this twitter thing? It's so disheartening. The hate is astounding
Great response to NK ballistic missile test.  What do you have in store for Russia's violation of Pres Reagan's INF treaty?
Meanwhile, my bff Putin...
as for you #45 you and your administration got to go I've said right when u going to run PUTIN clown,
To reunite, STOP occupations,negotiate dismantling ISRAEL ZIONIST entity  APARTHEID"ويسألونك عن الجبال فقل ينسفها ربي نسفا
couldn't you think of anything more to say...maybe something about how many votes you got?
So you were up watching SNL? What did you think?
Great stuff.... Good Ali Great People
For all you losers that tweet anti-Trump crap- we see what liberals are truly like & a Democrat will never be Pres again.
you look like you're going to puke every time you step in front of world leader. You're not cut out for this. Give. It. Up!
never has anything of substance to say.  Sad!
it's a disaster
the only problem I had with this is .. we stand WITH Japan not BEHIND. @POTUS
so glad that there are many things that we can work together for the world you both are winners
hello
You Republicans are embarrassing and putting us in danger!
The People want your tax returns and full financial disclosure, and full divestiture.  We won't accept less.
Declaración conjunta con el premier Abe sobre norcorea @Johsie1
WTF?  U said like 20 words & stood there like a spoiled & petulant child for the other 2 min. I'm ashamed of you.
show us your taxes
you're a jerk
Urgent:Mr.Trump,Urgent the Dominican Justice is Kidnapped by the Dominican Party PLD by the same officials corrupt,Help
Urgent:Mr.Trump,Urgent the Dominican Justice is Kidnapped by the Dominican Party PLD by the same officials corrupt/Help
par de guangos
Everytime you have a visitors they do this. When S Korean leader visits you should have 7th fleet shoot the missile down! 
No comment of you ? Afraid of the little fat "Unnie the Kid" with the big bomb ?
Coward.  Saying you stand BEHIND PM Abe. Kim Jong-un said it will soon attack the US, not Japan. #RESISTANCE
Are you drunk? You look like you're about to pass out and keel over. WTF man, lay off the sauce!
.@realDonaldTrump Is it me or does Twitler look even more abnormal than ever in this? What is he doing?!
why do you look so awkward and confused?This is painful to watch & not because I don't speak Japanese.  #resist #TinyHands
Ask him about his wall! Trust me, it's be epic!
Wow!  You said...absolutely....nothing.  Just wow!  What a failure.
