Fly down and examine damage
Despite what anyone says. I think your doing a great job as our President. May God bless you and your family on your journey.
Wonderful coordination between Federal, State and Local Governments in the Great State of Texas - TEAMWORK! Record setti...
Hello from Texas!!!!
@realDonaldTrump ought to sit on this and rotate........
Give em hell Mr Trump , we are behind you and praying for you 
Love you stop drinking soda.dont side set up sir.
Live you my president!!
No border wall! Are you kidding! We have followed you & now feel betrayed. And DACA stays! You are losing your base.
Great job Mr. President! #MAGA
Montana needs help, it appears as though they R overlooked & forgotten. Plz check out what the ppl R saying there. They need help.
thank you Mr President for all your hard work!
Hey President Donald Trump keep up the great work may all the people get the help they need restore hope and keep organized
your brain have been hacked by Russians. This is what they want you to think. Good luck #Resist
Keep up the good work!! I love you Mr President praying for you every day!! 
are u saying govt works & can be helpful? If so, keep finding gov orgs like EPA that are crucial in times like this
Great start! We have a great leadership team working for us. Thank you.
A record setting rainfall is nothing you should be proud of...you had nothing to do with it. Why does everything always have to be bigger
Thanks president
What a fuckup of a response really, Sandy was far less serious and got far more aid
Yes.  You got more rain than any president ever in history!  Epic!
Amen
Please fly over or visit Montana too they really need your encouragement @realDonaldTrump

HTML Clickable email signature. If anyone wants this signature, please contact and Order me.
http://bit.ly/2tt4BgX 
go to bed forever
Thank you President Trump and First Lady Melania!  You are the BEST first couple EVER!
THEY. ARE. DOING A . GREAT. JOB. WITH. THE TOOLS.  AND. ENERGY  THEY. HAVE TO  RESPONSE TO  ALL EFFECTED.  BY  HURRICANE  HARVEY  GOD BLESS
Everyone is doing a great job. What a terrible hurricane.
GREAT LEADERSHIP & DEDICATION. PROUD OF OUR STATE OF TEXAS & PRES OF USA! GOD BLESS ALL EFFORTS. WE WILL SUPPORT W/ PRAYER, FINANCES & OTHER
usa my foot
No we dont
WHY ISN'T CONGRESS ALREADY BACK IN WASHINGTON D.C. ALREADY TO HELP PASS BILLS?  WHY ARE THEY ALWAYS OUT OF TOWN?
I don't miss obama, so glad he's gone!!!
Hello!!my friend
Again with the capitalization! Dude, here's some help: http://www.grammarbook.com/punctuation/capital.asp …
呵呵
Don't forget donny boy there's no I in team
GOD BLESS TEXAS and YOU MR. PRESIDENT.  Our country is a better place with you in office.  Socialism no longer reigns!
More rainfall than Obama could ever have...MAG
God  Jesus Christ bless your  country  U. S. A and  help it      AMEN.......
No direct cause with climate change 
GREAT JOB President Trump for loving our country and making the countless contributions to Make America GREAT Again. USA citizens LOVE YOU.
Great
Finally you set a record. With rainfall.
To be fair, he's set other records. Lowest approval ratings for instance.
I honestly can't believe the news made fun of Malania's outfit when you were in Texas!  Unbelievable! Keep up the good work!!
Thank goodness for government; really big government. That's what we need in times like this. Thank goodness we have such big government.
Thanks to you
Crook.
Your meeting with congress leaders next week, is probably time wasted. The 4 leaders are part of the problem, not solution! Replace all 4
Well done folks, and God bless y'all
Texas will bounce back. Ty Mr. President!
Why are you tweeting these statements, or under-statements?...we know all of this.
You wouldn't know TEAMWORK if it bit you.
We miss Obama! You're a bad replacement...
Thank you to Houston's mayor, @SylvesterTurner. Amazing leadership! Great coordination between all emerg. & rescue operations!#HoustonStrong

Don't forget the "Cajun Navy" comprised of Above-Average Texans that have been rescuing people/taking them to safety.  They are #MAGA 1:2
Now Real work starts! Local/State Agencies need 2 work with FEMA to clean up/get Families Home! #2Soon2PatBacks #TragedyNotCampaignStop 2:2
Even Mexico helped.  despite all the idiotic things you said.  and we accepted.
Mr President, ignore the nay sayers, keep doing your job! We support you 100%
Stop tweeting.  Start Presidenting.
You are so clueless!
I am so glad you sir have been at the helm for every one.no one has ever taken the helm like you have.
Not all is good, Laws need an upgrade around this country. God will lead you, just know Mr. President, reality is sometimes harder to take.
Hey, what about all the private citizens and the incredible work they are doing?
They are doing the lion's share of the work~no mention?
And what about the Press & all of the Television & Radio reporters who are risking their lives & health to inform us all @POTUS?
I never hear you thank them! What's wrong with you?
And ironically, you're probably getting most of your info from them!
But you just can't
@realDonaldTrump Lets Make America Great Again we can come back Twice as Strong I believe We Can! #MAGA #Harvey
Can we start using our tax dollars on infrastructure instead of lining your pockets with our money? Asking for the whole country.
The REAL issue is RUSSIA TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON-JAIL
You sure love throwing that word great around. I've seen nothing great yet.
You are not part of ant team and you demonstrate no leadership skills.
Did you roll up your sleeves or even get your over prices cheap "white" hat dirty?  Of course not, you turned it into a campaign stop.
MR. PRESIDENT.TO "SALUTE TEXANS" "NEVER LEAVE COMRADS BEHIND SPIRIT"WHEN SKY`S CLEAR HAVE"BLUE ANGELS" DO HOUSTON FLY-BY SALUTE.(4 morale)
Pathetic. No we don't! Thank God for @POTUS  Donald Trump! Boo yah!!!
Mr.President, THANK you for all you do. JOHNNY
What does he do besides lie?
Understandable this question would come from turtle scat
Keep up the good work.i am with u.
babulkaji0@gmail.com
What do b
If you could only get the same teamwork from the Democrats in Congress.
Its like your west wing every-single-day when you tweet something moronic or hypocritical. ALL HANDS ON DECK!
Wait. Wait, wait, wait! Are you proud of this rainfall? Like it's the "biggest" rainfall, and somehow this applies to you? Smdh
We love our president Donald Trump, thank you for doing a great job and loving and caring for the people of this country 
Boo
You don't know how to handle this job your fired it's not your country it's the American people Impeachment or step down the only way out
You sound too enthusiastic. That's weird. You are weird. I can help you but at first I need a few billion of those dollars you have, okay?
Please. It isn't like you actually read it. Or any other book. Even Art of the Deal.
Successful
Define TEAMWORK, as if you could.
We love you Donald!
At least you're talking about the hurricane president Trump, the media isn't saying much about it all they seem to want to report is you
We'll see .......
I love our President!  He is brilliant!  A leader and problem solver!  Texas teamwork rocks!
Record setting Orange ignorance.
911 calls not being answered; people and animals still needing rescue.  How is this coordination? You have NO clue!
And u r doing what?
Where are their resources?  Why wasn't this prevented?
You might want to tone down your celebratory enthusiasm- its a flood not a rally. #fakepresident #Houston

We love you DT!
Thank you for your great work...we need a place to live!!
Explain this to that phoney Pastor Joel Olsteen. He finally opened his doors after the public fried his ass.
So lovely the little girls is come from America,1+1 use chopsticks to eat food,great wisdom from it,together peace great,..

TEAMWORK!  POTUS, watch them. You might learns a little about teamwork.

He listened when #Dems said don't cooperate. You know it's so. #fail #mayor #Houston #texas #HurricaneHarvey
That is wonderful and full of kindness God bless the the federal,state and local governments
We are sick of your daily lies and bragging. You've done nothing but make America worse. RESIGN NOW
Pray for texas... Love our president..
Taking credit for that too?
When they were allocating rainfall, 45 thought they said border wall and ordered "as much as possible" for Texas.
I think you did not respond well ... hundreds will die because inadequate resources applied ... that's your fault ... #MAGA NOT
team swamp?
More government...not a bad thing
God bless you Mr. Trump
It's not over yet.  You need to supply help to Louisiana.  #loserinthewhitehouse
Congratulations on setting another record?
Housing all the flood victims is going to be a huge problem, but we have faith in you.
Thanks President Trump for all You. Are doing for the Texas disaster .
Trump should've directed military to evacuate low areas before storm, instead of worrying how pardoning a racist would affect his ratings
#MAGA
From the middle of Houston Texas, I wanted to reach out and say thank you Mr. Trump. We appreciate you
Client Most  Such as Outlook, iPhone, iPad, Gmail, Yahoo, Mac, Hotmail, etc.
#USAvJAM
http://bit.ly/2tFaR9j 
good job coming together to achieve record setting rainfall. Great Job!!!
LOSER
Still think global warming is a Chinese trick?
this is true! They are doing a wonderful job!
Seasonal hurricane ACE index this year and the past 14 years is below average-but the media begins to chant climate change caused Harvey
Wake up to climate change, a bit different when it effects your supporters? Warmer ocean waters are more conducive to more intense hurricane
Small is beautiful. In Government.
美国逗比哥
Plz don't try to take credit for this #fakePOTUS
Record setting idiot as POTUS
