Mr. President,  it would be great for us to have a similar day for our Vietnam vets ! They came home to protest, spitting, couldn't even wear they're uniforms for which they just earned!!! Let's give them a welcome home parade! 
if hes doing what france is then its a good thing
@realDonaldTrump @EmmanuelMacron
Beautiful
France can suck it. They only need us when they are invaded. #MAGA X3
Revolutionary War?
President @EmmanuelMacron, Thank you for inviting Melania and myself to such a historic celebration in France.… https://...
Love  President Trump forever. My 95 yr old mother & I pray for your blessings & protection from harm & evil, sickness &diseases.
Long life America 
Vive la France 
Like you really give a ....
"Thank you for inviting Melania and MYSELF..."??  Really?  I hate to be grammar police, but POTUS needs ESL class.  
Hello friend...
DAKA/Dreamer?Answer? A new volunteer "Peace Corps" 18 months,small platoons,to Texas neighborhoods=special dispensation!TIME IS ESSENTIAL!$2
C'est plus beau que chez toi
FATHER PADRE VATER MI NAME IS FERTEFANYZAYKER LOVING GIRL @TiffanyATrump ha girls FERNANDAMORADA MYA AMOR..
Its where he belongs!
Too bad you made rude comment to his wife.
This is such a beautiful video.
Why does FLOTUS not know she's wearing a hair-do that resembles The Alien?
I heard there were 200 bicyclists rushing towards Paris just to see the Oaf of Office.
lets see more of these type videos... bold music, slow motion = powerful message! @realDonaldTrump
thank for your passion

France is being over run by refugees who are causing hate and destruction! We don't want this in America! Follow our values or don't to USA
I love that we have a president who cares so much about the people. Thank you Mr President.  Many still stand behind you.
Too bad the guillotine was out of order.

That was like two weeks ago.
HE IS A DISGRACE ( THEY ARE ) AND WE APOLOGIZE TO FRANCE. SORRY
@POTUS @EmmanuelMacron she is a bot
Why do you shake hands like a crazy person?
son of man whit you12
They all laughed at your Bozo of a father. Aren't you just mortified?
Yes, where you once again made us an embarrassment to the world. #sexualharrassment #womanizer
Did Melania bring her boyfriend?
Did Madame Macron thanked you too, for harrassing her in public?
We owe France everything. We owe Israel Nothing.
Is there a significance to showing so many French horses' asses? ;-)
God bless you Mr President
Do you even know what happened on Bastille day?
Hire a grammar editor.
Must have been a nice break for you, Daddy hitting on Mrs. Macron rather than you.
You missed a comma and a period, pendeja.
Improper use of reflexive "myself". Should read: "Thank you for inviting Melania and me..." LEARN ENGLISH, Mango Mussolini!
Halla back to france
MELANIA HAD TO BE INVITED?  WOW.. WHAT AN HONOR.
Trump's triumphs are many after only six months and he's just getting started.
Try the french fries and tell me how they are i might want soemme soon
Love their song Pompeii...awesome!
The proper grammar there is "Melania and me." Just saying.
Beautiful, u am ashamed of my Countrymen, thus trip was barely covered; I love Trump, wish I'd seen this sooner!  #frenchancestors
https://goo.gl/iT9AqZ  https://goo.gl/n3i5cE  https://goo.gl/hV1U34 
Wow!You continue to make the US look great only to return to unscrupulous press,democrats in Washington and a few disgraceful Republicans
It's "Melania and ME, Melania and ME." Get your pronouns right.
Stay in your country and dont come back to europe.
Come see my work:
Let's agree on one thing, marijuana needs globally legalized and treated as it is a recreational vice as well as a medical cure for children
Oh, nothing like the national and world celebrations that you will see when you resign or impeached.  #Resist
@SHSanders45 @EmmanuelMacron What a embarrassing disaster you are.RESIGN before you are convicted of OBSTRUCTION&COLLUSION!

Horrible propaganda video.
"his supporters will never doubt/question anything he does,even when he blatantly treats them like they’re stupid."
Great message, great video. Leading from the top. Why don't we see this on @fakenews @realDonaldTrump
I love how the video begins with a horses ass.  How appropriate.
Melania can't come out of the bedroom to thank for herself?
Non
Is there any symbolism is the first frame of the video?
Nice
Vive les États-Unis d'Amérique, vive la France !.
...we didnot liked it seeing a racist at our 14th july
As you said for God blessed us.
Oh my Donald you do have tiny hands!
Please stop using the word "myself" that way. It's wrong & makes it seem like ur working overly hard to sound intelligent. #GrammarMatters
Evidence of Nature's Creation in Holy Bible and Holy
Quran Sharif -
God bless you. Vive la France  Le Grande Marche. @Bangalter
liar
# infrastructure#owner/operator dumptruck stlmo
So how much did we pay for that trip?
*me
[ouch]
Melania and me, not myself.
@VoteTrumpPics @EmmanuelMacron
Why'd you have to get all creepy with his wife?  Geez
Do not ask for whom the bell tolls. It tolls for thee!!!
The French do not like you.
Can I come next time
...Melania and ME... not Melania and myself...
Thanks president
Great great speech at Paris, congratulations Mr Trump.
Ironic that a person who is all 'Me me me' cannot use the word when its grammatically correct.
Hallo Sir!
Who's tweeting for you today?
1) Got Macron's twitter correct
2) Spelled Bastille correctly
3) #14juliet French, srsly?
Ain't you
Well done
https://goo.gl/hV1U34   https://goo.gl/n3i5cE 
Rentre chez toi fils de pute
Mdr mentionne pas
Mais ptn c le nouveau twitter je comprend rien c trop nouveau pour moi
Mdr ça va je te pardonne alors
Great display of America being back on top. Mr. President you are the best!!!
Jeff you've seen the human sentipede, Putin then Trump , kushner, bannon, then i think YOU would filt in nicely.
It's a shame you couldn't keep your cheeto butthole closed when speaking about Mrs. Macron. Stop objectifying women based on their looks.
G
We visited Normandy on a visit to Paris. Words cannot describe it. Resilient people. Beautiful people, beautiful country.
After comments you said to his wife, he doesn't want you back. World embarrassment. SAD!!! BIGLY!!
Bad (wrong) use of a reflexive pronoun. It's a clear attempt to sound smarter than you are. Should demand a refund on that Wharton degree.
Grammar!  Ugh. You're such an embarrassment.
Historic It happens every year
What about a "Medical-Goverment" loan for medical expenses? I would absolutely use that .
"Melania and me" ; also, it wasn't a "historic celebration" it was the celebration of a historic event.
Exactly! One they have every year. And people like Trump are the very reason Bastille Day is celebrated  in the first place 

Were you showed your lack of class
Isn't is 'an historic'?  Your GPA and approval ratings are apparently quite low sir. Proofread. (Do you know what that means?)
Proud to be an American and proud to have a present like Donald Trump
U R an embarrassment2the USA !All that kissing, hugging,handshaking with Macron was horrific, BUT..The comments abt his WIFE inexcusable!!
What's sad about this is you have no knowledge of this history!
It's "Melania and me" -- it is grammatically incorrect to write "Melania and myself."
which horse's "a" are you, Mr. President?
Please, Mr. President, button your suit jacket when with world leaders and, especially, reviewing troops.
And I bet he thanks you for objectifying his wife. I bet she appreciated it too. #sarcasm
Disgrace to this country.
Gag
Yeah. He had to settle for you because Putin was busy.  Thank God Melania didnt show her breasts and thighs, just her ass (YOU).  HA!
So you looked up Bastille Day and now know what it means?
How embarrassing. Your 'thank you' tweet to Macron = poor grammar. How proud we are of you...#BastilleDay #14juillet
Your grammar is awful.  Did you go to Trump University?
Thank You Mr President for bringing Honor, Grace, Patriotism and Faith BACK in OUR Whitehouse and Leader
The beauty and majesty of Paris... And all of France. In full display...Incredible! I love it.
you are doing
Otherwise, nothing happens, if she has water and food at home she'll be fine. She's just a woman.
aminu airport right now mr president attention attention respond to airfrance ticket
Yes Mr president he loves you, respects you a lot, no doubt
mr president how is everyone as an right now mr president your attention need  in airfrance
Awesome video clips! My hubby lived in France for 5 years.
Macron ..felicitaciones es el ultimo gran golpe del sionismo mundial .. en política !! ...
God Bless France!
He had no option. SAD!
Melanoma looked gorgeous
The Macrons invited 'himself' & Melania. It helps to reconstruct the sentence to test whether or not it's grammatically correct. #TweetFail
I don't care too much for money 
Money can't buy you brains

To paraphrase the Beatles
This is what our president does! He's a disgrace!!! 
http://washingtonjournal.com/2017/07/17/trump-just-inconvenienced-disabled-veterans-can-golf-peace/ …
I would have love to shake hands with Melania and you Mr D.TRUMP
Was Ivanka in the meeting with the Russians like Don Jr.?
And you embarrass us with your shitty english!
What the heck is this? A movie montage? Don't you have work to do??
Nice picture. Which horese's ass are you Donnie?
La honte !
Nice self portrait. Oh, sorry, that's a horse's ... rump.
sorry he jumped your wife, he hates women beautiful  smart women
I don't think they had a choice. #nochoice
