We know President Trump. Thank God u used twitter. Thank God for the many rallies directly reaching the ppl. We r here .Not going anywhere
@julianAssange & @Wikileaks got that info out! That's why Julian should be immunized & asked to testify to get the truth to the folks
How true. You needed the help of USA's enemy Putin, the Russian FSB, Romanian hackers, stolen emails, Macedonian fake news, GOP voter suppression, laundered money, and deplorable voters, and yet you STILL got a lot fewer votes. Worse, you can't collect that $11 BILLION bribe yet.
You finally apologizing for being President? I'll accept this 'sorry'. I'm sorry that I look forward to you and your illicit criminal enterprise foiled and your conspiracy to defraud the US exposed. 

Good luck in prison. Maybe you'll go to one that has golf.

@realDonaldTrump 
I DARE YOU to read these two short pages and then TELL ME what it means. pp 34-35 of the dossier.
https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/3259984-Trump-Intelligence-Allegations.html … 

More from the dossier. This one about the largest #PayToPlay deal in history.
https://twitter.com/TheDudeSeesAll/status/923624296345321472 …
We need to focus on purging the universities of the socialists. They have ruined the children.  I saved 2 of mine. Do not send to U of Mich
It is infested with these vermin. My last child has an Eng degree and socialist mentality. He is starting to come out of the stupor
I voted for you Mr. Presient but I am not content with your actions and your words!
You were content with them before and during his campaign. Own it.
You didn't win. Russia stole it and Hillary still got 3 million more votes than you. #impeachtrump #stillwithher #goldenshowers
Amen to that
You 100% right. Keep telling them like it is and fighting for all Americans.
You did though - - you took advantage of their free coverage and let them amplify your message #simple #effective #dumpsterfire #NABRA
Didn't believe them during the primary, didn't believe them during the election & we damn well don't believe them now!
@cvpayne CBS,ABS,NBS,CNBS,MSNBS,CNN-BS.. ALL BS!Keep tweeting,it's really pissing thm off,like Ali's left jab constantly in opponent's face!
Meanwhile, Maxine Waters is guilty of Treason. Call for her  impeachment as soon as possible.
@mkhammer  Omfg! So you are joining the trash Comey squad huh? JESUS..beyond disgustec today & watching your eye rolling smirking bs.. OMFG
Comey joined the Trash Comey squad! He called himself worse than I did. I just agreed with him.
To make any comparison between these two men is specious at best!!

https://twitter.com/PhillyGlobe/status/878269833292521473/video/1 …
Agree totally, you came in so HONESTLY with zest and energy, first thing they did was try to take you out, they are SLIME.
Oh, really?
I say don't worry about them jerks. You have the rest of America that is on your side.Backing you 100% All The Way. Just DO YOUR THING.
Boy did #Fakenews get slapped by Comey
Dude literally thinks only Fox News is legitimate lol. No Donald, they all tell lies.
But you have to admit, Mr. President, you could NOT have won without Kayfabe News. You're welcome.
The Fake news need to be tried on national television for all the corruption they are causing in this world.They need to be shut down/Prison
So true Mr President, smart people know better. We love and support you, your base is growing.
True story @realDonaldTrump Saving America and just might Save humanity from the global elite psychopaths. GOD HELP US
If it wasnt for Putin, youd have ZERO chance of winning the WH
The news is on a witch hunt and its out of control. @realDonaldTrump  keep up the good job we the American people respect and support you.
Amen
BUT IT ACTUALLY was the ridiculous MSM THAT HELPED to get you elected! They woke the American Ppl !Suddenly, we all realized we'd be duped!!
I would give more credit to @wikileaks and @JulianAssange then I ever would the MSM. If they had there way Hillary would be President.
Soooooi true but the MSM spin to all of that was so ridiculous that the SEMI sane person KNEW the BS!! I thank the corrupt paid MSM!
We elected DJT!! I'm happy about that!
If you listened to this alleged #FakeNews youd find out you actually DIDN'T win
Why are you apologizing
And how would it affect the outcome?
Its not like you believe anything truthful or derogatory about yourself
Nothing would have stopped your sore way of winning by cheating
@Epic_NJ u never cease to amaze some of us with your stupidity Donald Trump, but Americans deserve u as much
Lol no I love this guy
Prove you are real. Get my cousin Denise Woodring released from the Lincoln County Illinois Jail.
Denise Woodring is getting a bum deal. Please get her released. Denise has dedicated to taking care of my blind cousin. Please help her
You crack me up xoxo
I think its important to think back to the excitement of your Inauguration Day.. #uspoli
Dude, get over it. You won. Stop gloating and do some f*cking work.
If Putin didn't hack the election You would have had  Zero chance of winning
So right, Sir!  Ppl are beginning to get that MSM is fake!
Washpost and NYTimes has direct connections to the DNC leakers! This is where the FAKE NEWS is coming from! Makes me want to puke! #PERSIST
You didn't win.
What Does News, Fake or Otherwise Have To Do With A Presidential Campaign Unless Using It As Propaganda To Win. See #RogerStone
So you mean on the standard news organizations that have been vetted by longevity and solid journalism?
You have us,sir. We saw through the darkness with a clear vision of whom we knew could be the best choice for #POTUS. You. Never forget it.
Dam all those Chanel's talking about you there is no way they are wrong right ???
You won because of the support of Russia 
does one of those Cs stand for covfefe
Instead you relied on good old Vlad and Komrades. #congratulationsTraitor #treason #trumpRussia
Winning will never be enough for you. Grow up.
It's not fake news, you are!!!!!!
Yep, you're the huge example of fake in all this!
Stop with old crap! Stop bringing back the election, Hillary, Obama and do your Job! Stop blaming people! that to me is call weakness as adults we learn to be responsible for our own actions!!!
And so you relied on the russians
No need for an apology. You have brought a great deal to light about just how corrupt and morally bankrupt our elected leaders & media are.
Media
is
Propaganda
Win? You call #electionFraud a win? I call it treason.
Regardless what Fake News @CNN and others say about our @POTUS We American's suport you regardless what fake news say 
Americans Love @POTUS
Thank god you didn't, cause you came just when Americans needed you the most @POTUS thank you #MAGA 
I believe everyone knows exactly how disheartening it was to realize these media people were totally DISHONEST, and I mean TOTALLY.
Gee, wish u had
Lord 
Continue to Watch Over Our Precious President Thank you 4 Giving Us This Man of GREAT INTEGRITY and STRENGTH
BLESS n PROTECT HIM
U know it! The HELL with them!
Please get over the election and HRC already. You won because of MSM. They broadcast your speeches in full, little time to other candidates.
Good thing we didn't rely on the liars!
What happen was Aliens from outerspace helped Trump win election and cover up illegal actions magically.
Prosecute them all for trying to interfere in Americas election, they are all far worst than Russia.
You had zero chance of winning but theres people like you who fear having a woman in leadership
Fox is the only fake news 
You relied on the Russians and their surrogates to win the election. That's abundantly clear.
So... how is it that 6 of our news providers, who do not agree with you, just happen to be "fake"? I mean Seriously...
your lobby made fake news and from there on you started your filthy game. You r wiping the floor with ur country by this
And your point is?
Much better off sticking with your own fake news
and why are you still banging on about the election you loser?
Listen, I'm still too distraught over the Bowling Green massacre as reported by one of your minions, er.. staff to respond to fake news.
I think it's funny that so many news stations are against you. #fakenews would be Fox, the ones who have been caught in lies before.
Mr. Trump, I will continue to resist you and your awful R cronies. Count the days when we remove you from office!
The Russians put you in the WH. Not something you did. What do they have on you? Are you scared? When your impeached they will tell us.
Keep winning President Trump!  We are behind you 100% out here in real America.
"A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him" Sidney Greenberg. Learn from that.
The world need leaders that believe in unity and equality. The fight for a cause comes with sacrifices of self sympathy. Stop selfishness
Our country has ethical standards that need to be followed. You keep trying to crush all of them.
I would love to hear our President to talk more about the needs of the country and less about fake news and himself. Concentrate on your job
They aren't trying to get you to stop, it's comedic gold!!

Fox News was attacking Obama for using mustard at this point in his presidency http://bit.ly/2sbZuFM  
Thank you President Trump for calling out these biased "news" organizations!American people are tired of their fake news
"Give em hell Harry!"
You for got FOX NEWS the BIGGEST FAKE NEWS of ALL
Don't worry. WE get it, Sir.  God bless.
This what freedom is about Mr President. Looks like you have forgotten that you have to be accountable for your behavior 
Hmmm.......You remind me of Putin. Your BFF.
Thank god you were able to rely on Russia, otherwise you would have had ZERO chance of winning the WH. Shameless.
U decimated the fake media convincingly with ur tweeter that they hve become so irrelevant that no one cares. Media is DEAD.@MariaBartiromo
Russia handed you the WH you lying, narcissistic traitor.
You are an insane destructive child who's over his head and knows it. You will never win ANYTHING ever again. Ever. You can't govern. Go now
Thank god you were able to rely on Russia, otherwise you would have had ZERO chance of winning the WH. Shameless.
Truth personified
Because you depend on showboating and lies. Yes, we get it. No need to explain.
#Trump
@CNN
#Newyork
Bet u Lefties r LOVIN more JOBS, Protection against ISIS, Removal of MS13 Gangs, Highest Stock Mkt.EVER, New Infrastructure.UNDESERVED!!
#Trump is now under investigation," #FoxNews political commentator Charles Krauthammer said.
Since you don't read newspapers or watch anything other than Fox Fake News, there is little chance of that happening. #TheRealDonaldTrump
In that case, I very much wish you'd relied on the Fake News of CNN, NBC, ABC, CBS, washpost or nytimes.
Resign. Resign. Resign. Save your great business reputation. You won't get a Trump Tower in Moscow with a bad reputation. Good Luck.
Actually, you didn't win. Madame President Hillary Clinton did but keep dreaming. Putin got you in
Only faker is you!! #yourPutinsbitch
YOU LOST THE POPULAR VOTE CHEETO VON TWEETO. You won't be in the WH for long, so cancel any gold plated toilet plans you have!
Screw it Trump. U r still good
The way the media never was on your side and you still won(Gladiator). Just think of how you could of done if they were honest and balanced
You won the White House under a veil of lies that you continue to deny for your own good, not for the good of the country.
Mr. #Stillpresident the best job you are doing, is the one of the #confidenceTrickster. But when the a gambling is over, who foot the bill?
If anyone says anything bad about you they're fake news. Man up! We don't want a 5 year old with tiny hands in the White House.
You are the one who invented fake news because they report the real Donald Trump. You also have followers believing it. You are a joke!
True statement if you replace "fake" with "real". Good job Donald, you almost told the truth, almost.
Why are you still talking about the election?
Are you still whining about the election? You won. Not the popular vote but you won. Think about obstruction of justice. #TrumpRussia
Looser and liar, that's what you are ! #notmypresident #fakepresident
I hope he takes care of what @HaywardPD @HaywardPDK9  and  @FBISanFrancisco @cityofhayward has done to me @FBI @CIA @MTVCatfish  @facebook
Too bad you didn't then
Your a liar Trump!!

Because they fact check?

The media has become extremely biased and continues to become more and more so as the years go on and the people believe it more and more.
You lost the popular vote-get over it-you were elected by an antiquated system
Have a great chance to get impeached and loosing the WH
67 percent of Americans  like to see you gone!!
Who ever reports against you is fake .obama is fake.fact is you dont work you just keep barking and talking crap all the time  on twitter
You say Ptesident Trump don't work. Look at the work he has done before he became our President,  Then take a long look into the  mirror.
Can't wait for impeachment day!!!
So instead you relied on Russia...instead of your own country. If it wasn't for Russia, you would have lost.
If it wasn't for email evidence of DNC colluding with media you mean.
Regardless, Russia helped. God only knows what was taken but never leaked from rnc
The people didn't want U over 2 MILLION ppl voted 4 Hillary. U w/the help of your friend Putin, stole the elections. U R just a common thief
actually, Marilena, he lost the popular vote by over 3 million. Ant that's WITH Russian hacking.
Lol
Lib MSM trying hard to frustrate you with their obnoxious behavior and questions. Please see the classic way Jerry Lewis handled interview
Jerry Lewis interview was conducted by the Hollywood Reporter as part of a series on aging performers (Lewis is in 90s). Plz view; CLASSIC 
Lewis was as calm and cool as a cucumber yet he demolished the Hollywood reporter. Wow!!
Operation Mockingbird 2.0. No joke.

Just like they promised to end MK-Ultra:
"Extinction Level Threat – Mind-control: the Missing Link | Veterans Today"
You didn’t, Gerrymandering did! Hillary BEAT you by 3 MILLION VOTES
Now you you rely on Propaganda fake news, @foxandfriends and @FoxNews
Thanks for getting the message out Mr T. I Hope Hillary name comes up this week when Mr Joe Friday speaks.Keep it up,31 million and getting larger.
#FatAssDonnie
You say that like it’s a bad thing.
So instead you cozied up tonour greatest enemy. Yes #VladimirPutin poses the Greatest existential threat we face...that is aside from you and your ilk.
You'll NEVER WIN AGAIN brother. You may not even finish your term. Talk about Losers, It takes ONE TO KNOW ONE
Sorry folks, but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN, NBC, ABC, CBS, washpost or nytimes, I would have had ZE...
It's only fake news because you're not living in a real world you've never had to suffer you're a baby


The U.S. will be a much better place when you are gone, can  we have a stable person back? Where is Obama?
man child
That because you help create fake newsh, I sheeee youuu Donnie
We know! 
u will B FOREVER known as the craziest, delusional,deranged, misguided, unhinged ONE TERM president in the HISTORY of AMERICA! ZERO APPROVAL
So you cheated to win instead! I fail to see how MSM reporting on the campaign is the same as your colluding with a foreign enemy to win.
LoL... so you relied on Russia ........    you are sad, seek help, resign, get the hell out of #WhiteHouse and restore US dignity
You won the Electoral Vote 
with 304 votes. 
Lost Popular Vote by 2.87 Million.
Hang it up. That line is as tired as you are
