Happy Independence Day to ALL Americans. Every single American!
To the Americans that disagree with me and the ones that agree. That is what makes America beautiful. That is what today is about.
And Hillary won the popular vote. HAPPY 4th  
Don't make me puke!  She's a loser and she lost!!  Move on snowflakes!!
Happy 4th of July, Janine! Happy 4th of July, Tony! Happy 4th of July, @HillaryClinton!
TRUMP, TRUMP, TRUMP!!! 
Yes, yes, yes, Janine!!
Omg he's not going to go out with you . He tweeted about you once to get under Paul Ryans skin . That's it ! Stop being pathetic
You suck!
Here's wishing you a happy 25A.4th!
.@realDonaldTrump As you try to turn America into an authoritarian state?  GOH!!!  Keep it!!!
Get out there and hit a bucket. I hear that even minimum security prisons don't get driving range privileges. Mueller is piecing it together
Happy 4th of July Mr President from our family to yours. Loved the wrestling tweet.  Funny stuff
Happy independence day sir, from you yuge supporter in Israel. God bless America.
I get what you meant to say there, you actually meant "God SAVE America" right?
Really?!
Happy 4th Mr President!
A true inspiration, POTUS. To anyone debating to be a corrupt businessman or a corrupt politician. They now know they could be both.
This song is really bad.
You are a great person worth pursuing
Happy indy day from the uk
RIP Diversity !
Really?  We have so many beautiful songs to represent today, and you choose something that sounds like it came from 1970s church? Let me try
And just because it's cool.
Proverbs 16:3
Commit your #works to the #Lord, And your #thoughts will be established.
The Banana Republicana National Choir singing to their Messiah.

Hypocrite! Russia steals election and you aren't even going to say  something to Putin. You are a coward! It must be the tape-14-year-old.
Blessings to you and your family sir.
#Happy4thOfJuly2017
Go away.    Give us a break for one day and stay of Twitter!
This is nothing more than bullshit and propaganda!

Thankful that #Trump is president of America&not crooked Hillary.It's America1st & globalism last!

Happy #4thofjulyweekend. Enjoy the week! 

A tryptic portrait of American malevolent mediocrity. 
President accountable to do his job without bias and stupidity For All
My post came out in reverse order 
You really have lost the plot! Seriously! #GFY #pleasestop #resign #GoAwayDonald #please #pleaseresign
Wow!!! Thank you Gary Moore, sensational!!!
Here.

https://youtu.be/Jy6AOGRsR80 

For all my fellow Americans who will never ever accept this crock of shit as our President. 

#4thofJuly
you to Don.

Your campaign slogan? Independence Day is about the birth of the NATION not about the occupant of the White House in any given year.
You're not the conductor Sir?
Proud of ruining the USA?
Disgusting!
Trump is the man! Like him or not! He is the President!

Like I said, like him or not, he is the President. Time to move on. Vote him out in due time 4 years from now. That's how we do it right.
.
Impeachment is also an option, or do 
you endorse an impulsive deceitful criminal as your national representative?
.
Snowflake my feelings are hurt does anyone have some crayons..you know what your uncle would say man up and respect your country n President
.
A similar sentiment was often expressed in the early 1930's in Germany.
.
.
You better Reread your post the country stands behind President Trump so stand with your country
.
There is a very large difference; ask any German who lived through the 30's, or Russian under Stalin, Ugandan under Idi Amin, etc.

Yes!!! 
Yay! No fake news tweet today
It's early Luke, don't get ahead of yourself, he might just be happy right now because it's a good day for ice cream.
Happy Canada Day
Happy close the beaches down for your own private use day.
Happy healthcare day for 22 million patients who don't have to pay any premiums.
Happy melting polar ice caps day!
Happy Trump controls the nuclear codes and nobody can stop him day!
Better then Killary.
At first I thought, “Look! A decent tweet!"

But no. Instead, the debut of "Make America Great Again.” Does EVERYTHING have to be about you?
 I thought the same thing! .....then I watched the video 
When do The People get their Independence from the Trump Circus?
You're proving that people will cry no matter what Trump says.
@NatKatJ never forget
why would you remind me of this
because you need to suffer
i'm the extremely shitty bitrate video, ready for the post net neutrality world
REALLY... respect for the anthem? As long as it is your own. Hypocritical bully.
It's official The Cult has created their own Gospel song!
Can't SMH any harder....
At the song and the situation not you "Dad" just to clarify haha
#HappyIndependenceDay  #July4 #USA ...
This is beyond disgusting.  From the choir of the First Baptist Church of Dallas.  Crazy!!
OMG, a simple minded "song"? For a simple MINDED administration.  THE MOST HORRIBLE NOISE I'VE NEVER HEARD! 
I just puked.
Lololol!
Sick AF.
Really?
Even saying " Happy independence day" is met by derision by Trumps detectors! The left is sick!
That was A LOT of white people. Not sure you noticed.
meredith
Kim Jong Un is laughing in your Face.
And Hillary is honest.

Hhow is that sinkhole going for you? Good for business?
Whn schools kids sang a song abt BO the right went crazy. Now we have church leaders saying DT ordained by God and thts ok. Hypocrites
Gross!!!
This is one of the most embarrassing things I've seen. We're already look like a joke in the eyes of the world. Please, let's not add to it.
@HighCastleTV could save on production budget by licensing this video for a scene set in the Eastern States Greater Nazi Reich
Hail to their king. Obvious Trump is not for all the American people. Jesus is so displeased with the Evangelicals!

so none on here share the idea that Making America Great Again is a good one?
My ears are bleeding.
I'm ashamed of my country's future  #ISTILLWANTHILLARY
Reminds me of this:
That's beautiful 

cram it CLOWN!
More like Make America White Again. A horrible display of racism. Our troops, veterans, and Lady Liberty weeps.
I love my president  you are the only one I can understand in terms on being politely right.us just for today luv EA other huh.
happy independent day to d best country in d world USA more blessings to every of our families and friends over there
What the hell is this? I'm blinded by the white! This is dictator creep out! Make America Smart Again. Dump this turd.
Repulsive.
that's the stupidest song I've ever heard. But, you're the stupidest president ever, so it figures.
Thank you Mr. Trump for making America Great Again
Trumps got a nice pussy grab for you!
BEAUTIFUL!!   Thanks for sharing!  God bless you and yours Mr President and thanks for all that you are doing for us!
THAT WAS THE WORST NOISE I'VE EVER HEARD, EXCEPT FOR THE SHIT THAT SPEWS OUT DONNIES FAT FACE. SINGERS SOUNDED GREAT BUT SONG FUCKING SUCKS
Maybe she's born with it, maybe it's the belief in white supremacy
#MyPresident #showmercytoobtainmercy #pastorssupportforgiveness #everyoneneeds2forgive
Suddenly not feeling well
Staff HAS to stay in August, because they need to do their job
https://media.giphy.com/media/LFvQBWwKk7Qc0/giphy.gif …
Way to make the nation's birthday all about you.
"Christian" Taliban theme song. Also, white supremacy.  Pardon, white MALE supremacy.
America is already great, we do not need you. Please resign now.
Surprised they didn't play Wagner pieces or the Russian National Anthem.
Pretty sure he only tweeted it because he saw the TRUMPets in the thumbnail
I could pull a better song than that out of my. . .
Enjoyed this wonderful song again......Make America Great Again, thank you Mr.President, we are so blessed by you each day!
Stanz 4
White Americans are made to be free, 
By Blacks and women as property, 
Oh, to serve and honor white men, 
Make America GREAT Again!
Inspired by hypocrisy and people "made comfortable" with their racist, sexist, prejudices.

I'm not often rendered speechless....
Let's do that by getting you out of office before you ruin is completely! #FakePresident #Benedictdonald
Like it or not that is how democracy works. Just because you don't like him doesn't mean he isn't our president. The people have spoken. 
Mr. Trump...fire traitor Mueller.  He is not a true American but in league with Obama and Soros.
Nope he's there to stay. God will take care of Mueller for him.
Well I hate to say it but if I am wrong in my beliefs no harm no foul but you....you will be in trouble. So I will pray for you.
...Damn.  I lost my lunch on this one!!!!
Thank You God, our Heavenly Father who art in Heaven, for giving us Donald J Trump
It's horrible. Like it came from religious programming. Hope Rotten Tomatoes squashes its rating into ketchup.
I'm American as apple pie but this is just embarrassing.

I just threw up a little in my mouth...who wrote that piece of garbage?
Maggot day?
Nauseating
Fire the president!!!! MAGA AND QUIT YOUR JOB....
#Israel #USA #Trump
Point taken, but this definitely isn't remotely true
Merica !
I love that song
Well, it *was* great...but by the time you're done with it, it'll be a polluted sick mess...except for the rich, of course.
It's so sad how the left wing has tried to block anything positive about this great country and praising God ! You should all be ashamed !
This would've been perfect for the Freedom Girls to lip sync to at your rallies. If only you hadn't F'd them over. 
... America WAS great until January 20th.
https://www.facebook.com/OccupyDemocrats/videos/1598348313591550/ …

T,he National Anthem please....  #resistthispieceofshit
Yes, happy Independence Day, when some of your supporters mistook NPR reciting the Declaration as inciting revolution.
The 45 is a coward as Prez of USA. Bigly sad!
That is some of the lamest 5hit I've ever heard in my life.
PARABÉNS EUA Q SOUBERAM ESCOLHER SEU PRESIDENTE!!!
Truly frightening. I fully expected the Stasi to come banging at my door.
You're not Adolf Hitler, enough already!
Lol
What the hell is this? Didn't we see something similar put out by North Korea? Or was it Germany? Both?
#25thAmendmentNow
creepy
it really should be, "make america hate again". nothing great about KKK being in the white house
Lots of diversity there
WTF?! So reminiscent of what North Korea must be like. Why didn't they sing the national anthem? So wrong on so many levels. #DonJong-un
this is strange and crazy on so many levels... but not in a good way. Sad.
.@realDonaldTrump You ruined July 4th, now you're not allowed anywhere near Christmas.  Don't you dare touch Halloween! megalomania sad!
Even Sweden is more diverse!
you mean "Make America White Again"? What a diverse and accurate representation of America you've got there...
Frightening.
the America that I know and love is still very, very great!!!!
Happy 4th of july
This is Nazi bullshit & highly disgusting. Shame!!
Did anyone see a POC in the video. They may as well have be singing "Make America White Again"
That definitely was Trump's demographic. Not just race, but age as well. Politics is making churches even more segregated than before.
Self indulgent
OMG-that is creepy-feels/looks like a Hitler youth group performing in the WH
Not patriotic. The very OPPOSITE of what our country represents and is enshrined in our founding documents.
Creepy Stepford Only lines are make America great again! Wow! How embarrassing!
sickening!
Trump you are God sent to rebuild Americans.  Lots of atrocities in the past leaders which they call civilization. Congrats Americans.
Is this your version of "Springtime in Hitler's Germany?"
What's creepy and narcissistic and terribly bad? This song.  Sad.  Low-ratings Trump is in a slump.  Too bad.
This trailer for Handmaid's Tale Season 2 is scary as sh*t!!! I won't be able to sleep now.
To be fair, at least the women's heads are uncovered. #Progress!
Let's make America greater. Stop the segregated political status in Puerto Rico. Support the admission of Puerto Rico as the 51st state.@VP
Eso esssss. ..
Si Edwin, se lo comprometidos que Jorge y usted están con la Estadidad. Lo oía cuando participaba en el programa de Mario Vega, me encantaba
Ay gracias mi amigo Edwin,  muy amable.
no faces except white ones. Glad they were singing about some foreign, all white, country--not my country. Shame on you!
Where is the diverse America in this Independence Day video? What about the national anthem? Pure racist, Trump propaganda. Very offensive.
My invitation must have been lost in the mail.
Happy 4th of July, Mr. President !
#MAGA
FREE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!'nnn DOM
love the diversity
I enjoyed celebrating your last 4th of July in office! #25thAdmendmentNow
Like I have said before, this is not your campaign!
