Twitter is blocking pro-life tweets anything with ultrasounds and not accepting advertising from pro-life groups
#Prolife #BabyInBelly
Love it we are doing our part good for us good for America
TRUMP= PRESIDENT WHO DOESNT NEED $$$ Supports PPL SERVES/Gives BACK/ CARES & VERY FELT FOCUS ON GOD 2 OPEN AMERICAN CONVERSATIONS!
I agree that you have no idea.
About anything.
Fucko, We know YOU HAVE NO IDEA. You follow Bannon's directives. You've never had an original idea except skanking money. SAD!
... because you have no idea  ... you do not belong to US ... Putin will claim you  ... or Jail Time  ... perhaps your choice  ...
Intel agencies are rogue entities. Not accountable to taxpayers who fund them. Enormous changes needed.
Trump ... you are a con man !!
#TheResistance has invisible presence where we track everything. How do Uthink everything is getting out? Ghost of Abe Lincoln is with us
Have you ever had an idea?
. The only part of this tweet that is remotely believable is "I have no idea" THAT Mr tiny handed orange buffoon is your best comment made!
Love President Donald Trump 
All right Mr. Président !!!
I'm glad to follow your tweets !!!
Aap ki jai ho
Sounds like you're paranoid, not presidential.
I don't think he has a 100approval rate cause liberals won't let him have that but I bet it is more than fifty percent
"I have no idea" is the first truthful thing I've ever seen you tweet.
@realDonaldTrump and allow those who are in love with Obama care to stay on the failing plan.... Including those in Congress.
The trump is a great hope for the American public. There is no doubt
another thing DEM'S and their gangs like to do is pick out words and sentences of their enemies and manipulate meaning.

That too. Democratic party changed name recently, now it's the hypocritical party
You could have easily made your point with the last part of that sentence. 
@realDonaldTrump if the dems are so in love with Obama care.... Leave it out there, don't repeal it... Implement the new healthcare plan
I've no idea why such backlash. This is the only Leader (@realDonaldTrump ) alive able to talk down to North Koreans.
Belief you're under electronic surveillance in the Oval office as President John F. Kennedy was by Alexander Haig(cf. DCSOPS) 1962 to 1963.
God give you more wisdom to lead, love you Trump
the winner knows how to make the best quality of his winning, that's the art. :)
I am so tired of YOUR tweets - yet you never read any of the responses, but sure want people to read yours
Those last four words "I have no idea" will be the phrase used to describe your presidency, and hopefully your epitaph.

The first honest phrase: you have no idea.
He finally admitted it... He has no idea.
What you guys like is a Islamic Man turning you country into a Islam country , when this religion of peace can  cut your heads off in case you don't accept their rules ,,, how about the lady's .... Ah Wearing a black sack seems very stylist.
CORRECT...

YOU HAVE NO Effing IDEA!
We all realize you have no idea.
YOU never have any idea on anything. If it weren't for your staff, you would know nothing.
PRESIDENT TRUMP YOUR AWESOME KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK YOUR DOING IM SO GLAD TO HAVE YOU AS OUR LEADER
Actually scared to remain in this country.I don't like nuclear bombs!We are probably going to get a taste from Korea because of Trump!
.
You've been clueless from the rip
You are a crook! This all is unmasking your dirt! God help this country!
For the first time I agree with you, YOU HAVE NO IDEA !
Are you thinking you had some *idea in the first place??
This should just say "I have no idea."
Made the left wing loser and Trump hater tell the truth deep state loses one more
Is this tweet an official statement?
So true. You definitely "have no idea" - as in not a clue, intelligent thought process, brains, compassion, social grace, etc.
Do you ever finished a tweet? #covfefe
You never did have any ideas, Donnie. You're a con man and carpetbagger.
Honestlty - how ignorant are you?
Invest in gold.
Keep up the good Mr trump
Where you are headed for, slick, golden showers will be commonplace.
We love you we support you, now ho ahead don't take care of our internal enemies mr Trump!
@Vickistweet Someone please 'unmask' the unmaskers,..
You having no idea is nothing new.
You are correct, you are clueless. Please step down!
You mean you don't have clue...#CLUELESSPRESIDENT
The most important and honest part of this tweet is when you wrote, "I have no idea...."
You really don't. 
About anything. 
At all.
U have no idea of anything ur doing. RESIGN!
the most truthful thing you have said since becoming #POTUS - "I have no idea!" #Trump #gop #RussianPawn
Ilegal leaking as opposed to what? Legal leaking ?
you learned a new word, unmasking! Do you have a clue?
The last four words, the only honest words perhaps in your entire life. Donald Trump admits, "I have no idea"
#NewElection #Trumprussia
We all know you have no idea...about anything
The Special prosecutor will sort it out, dont worry. :)
Is this your new distraction
And you never have
This idiot. Let our Government protect us from outside threats. @realDonaldTrump should defend the #meanest bill in history. #Trumpcare
Just saying, @realDonaldTrump is useless when protecting our democratic process. Maybe he should defend his morally bankrupt policies.
"I have no idea" what I'm doing.  Here, I finished it for you.
Stop playing games, sir. You are authorized to know. Your 'I have no idea' line is BS.
That's for sure.
I too know of the train is real in the declaration of Independence, Emancipation Proclamation,for imposing taxes without our consent

With all of the recently reported electronic surveillance, intercepts, unmasking and illegal leaking of information, I h...
The ignorant person is the one who said: I know everything .
#PresidentTrump 
Support Rex please
Hello Donald - do you doubt that previous WH inhabitants + agencies foreign & domestic have planted bugs all over the WH ?!
This is not the only thing you have "no idea" about.
May God bless you...
Donald Duck you're at it Again?
With all of the recently reported electronic surveillance, intercepts, unmasking and illegal leaking of information, I have no idea....
No gave the women information
I read all of what people have posted and no one understands that God is in control here and all of the negativity will be judged!!
Buonasera presidente
He is the worst.  Dipwad impeach
All of your tweets should end this way..."I have no idea..." is the most honest thing you've ever tweeted!
 #lyingtrump "Ol' TRifLiN' #Ignorant ASS!.."

#Impeach45 #EmolumentsClause
#ObstructionOfJustice #MoneyLaundering aNd #perjury

#resist
YT?
You don't have many ideas, period.  Bot much going on upstairs.
I thought u were Fiona wipe out ISIS in 30 days of being elected? And ur more a battle with media??? Wow ur a "HUGE" liar.
We know..
Obama is a Muslim Terrorist
Thank You
Look Mr. President stop with the nonsense with CNN (The Most Fabricated Name In News).  Focus on job growth, fixing Health Care/Education
Fight fire with flamethrower!
Safest thing people could do is turn off their computers at night don't leave them running overnight for updates and also clear your
the swamp is filthy for sure, yuck!
Truer words never spoken from you....you are right. You have NO idea
That's just it, you have not a clue about anything.
You honestly have never had a clue! And, you are our president. Scary shit!
A week at my house
I am a quadriplegic with 2 kids and medicare and Medicaid is all i have. Your are are rich one a be and before you make cuts come spend
Bull crap doing a good job just need a better choice of words in some cases on your tweets
hipunkin.
it's me. we agree.... you don't have an idea. none
Finally you admit you have no idea.
Idi nahui pridurok!
kING OBAMA STILL HAS TIES TO THE WHITE HOUSE
Ignorance is bliss and you're the king of ignorance lol.
What does this even mean?
Dear God don't unmask the @realDonaldTrump  the one hes wearing is bad enough..the world couldn't stand the ugly that might lie beneath it!
You sir, are you sure you have no idea about illegal leaking of information?
Ķeep on moving
Prayers stay strong look beyond  Mr Trump
We know you have no idea dumbas.. Its evident every single day.
No you really don't
We have the greatest PRESIDENT !!
You said it "I have no idea..." or am I deliberately misinterpreting what you said ?
hey dummy,  my friend Amy's stove is delayed delivery can u help
Thank you Mr President for our security and safety. The left is clueless
Just means your being held accountable like all your predecessors, ( that means all the presidents before you)
You are the biggest leaker in the Whitehouse....remember your fake publicist?
I do, plant false information and see where it pops up. Misinformation as a tool to expose the moles.
why we need tape? Everyone should just believe whatever you say. You are the greatest man ever alive, you will NEVER LIE
You have no idea. Might be the first honest thing you've said. #unqualified #liar #gaslighting #comradetrump
He sounds like a crazy drunk uncle.
just another way for the corrupt IRS to make more money for the government
Weak on Russia!!
Thanks for furthering the patriot act.
I wonder if you are familiar with Mr.
Allen w. Eckert. RIP. REST A BIT LONGER MY COLLEAGUE.
We know your clueless!
You will be impeached very soon
So what else are you lying about! #nocrediblilty
Bannon, shut it. The vocabulary is a dead give away.
True I have no idea about pretty much Everything! Thanks for clearing that up/takes a big man to admit errors
What I am doing ?
Exactly Dumpy Trumpy .... you have no idea, none whatsoever when it comes to being POTUS.  Give it up to those that do.
Psych ops. Once a group repitively say "fake news , fake , fake ,fake". You would then to say fake news. That works well on the weak minded
We know you have no idea.
Travel ban is no different than passport obtainment. Do Dems think passports are racist
There still going to find out
There still going to find out
I know why you don't like cameras when your on camera your face and body language tells the truth without a camera you can't tail
May I be POTUS someday?
If you know this is a problem and if you dont know this a disaster
I was so happy to hear about the new Travel ban being passed!!  Go Trump go!!
This is a CNN run poll. Fake phonies
No tienes ni idea de muchas cosas @realDonaldTrump
Clearly you do have no idea nor ideas. Plz resign Sir.
Trump has good credit he screwed up Daddy's loan years ago the guy owes 3 countries
I approve!
You owe Russia your balls in loans that's the truth behind all this smoke
You never had a clue to start with.
Mueller is the swamp! Proved it with his hirings. DRAIN THE SWAMP!!!!!
I don't have a clue either.  If I did You would make me part of your team.  As a hopeful American please reduce taxes.
Prosecutions please? Also, Amazon....looks like a monopoly to me. How about it, please?
Trumpcare death spiral
Stop talking
We sure hope to start seeing swamp creatures prosecuted for their crimes against America  sooner than later. Treason is no joke.
