Are you looking for votes for your entry? I will vote with real and active facebook id Details for visit- Contact me

#MuellerTime
I'm In the path and you still aren't helpful
stay safe florida
evacuation routes: I-75N, I-95N. that's it. my guess is you had no clue. re-tweeting others work is all you can do. inspirational you're not
Desvio el tornado con la fuersa de dios soy de chile es de verdad lo que les digo llo tanvien conosco la energia respondeme
#TrumpRussia
Do you have an escape plan.
I’m surprised you haven’t blamed Mexico for that :/
All the times you've been to Florida...why can't you be there now...
Thank you. 
Wholly crap that Hurricane is huge, wow.
IRMA, will someone please give this B***h directions to North Korea!!!
@Independent @cnfocus @WSJ #XiJinping 云南新闻联播大肆鼓吹 #泛亚 如今给泛亚扣上一顶非法集资的帽子以摆脱政府责任，云南政府已把云南搞成诈骗团伙的大本营https://twitter.com/Fy12125/status/782850597858922497/video/1 …
You,  and under your leadership your cabinet and FEMA are doing an outstanding job. Thank you!
This hurricane is complete fake news, it's not even raining
قضى الله وقدره احتسبوا الذيناء قضوا شهداء عند ربهم .إن الله إذا قال لشي كن فيكون لا مرد لأمر الله
Youre religious leaders are NOT Allah...
all of them see the koran and read it different...
"I don't believe Allah would be so confused!"
Yo are one of the people of the book
?? I'm not that understanding of the Koran... What people?
Do you mean "the martyrs?"
Im not sure i like how that sounds...

The reason that are taken:
If left they will prevent "day of atonement"
They need to be protected!
L
Ermer is closing in fast. Good thing you have Twitter and don't have to address the country live
She loves  hot water  open  her leg  suckling up wait  for  you pesz  touching  her pussy  Mr
Feel  category 5
Stay safe!

MUST SEE! Former NIST Employee Speaks Out about #ControlledDemolition on #911 #WTC7 

https://youtu.be/RJ_jQgIEnI8  
Looks like Mother Nature hates you more than we do.
Your the best President
Thanks for what you Have done to help us in florida
so you skipping out on Mara-largo this weekend? You really should go, Irma would love to have you
Trump 8years straight
This storm is horrible everyone stay safe
Do some research.
For those of you that blame the President for these hurricanes?  Really.............
@POTUS Sir I just got this on Facebook.  Might help people evacuating homes in Florida.  Shelter capable of housing 5000 opens tomorrow.

A new Hurricane right behind Irma.
Please go to Mar A Lago now to protect your home.
we are suffering under Zionist occupation. elected officials IN USA are forced to sign pledge to Israel not to the American ppl.

President Trump is soooo organized! I love you President Trump! You are the best of the best!!!!!!!
Where's Cheech, man?
How about maralago??
good morning sir ji
Wow, this is helpful, thank you. See, even a broken clock is right twice a day.
And you want to get us out of the Paris Climate accord...? Come on Donald wake up and watch your property get destroyed by this storm.

Could they not drop a bomb in the center of the storm .?
Is someone else writing your tweets for you? They've changed from your Harvey tone. Thanks!
Except Mar a Largo, that IS off limits
our MESSAGE csis &y__ rcmp__Y COST THS PAGE BE CLOSE &DAMJE FUTURE OF @GHASEM YARAHMDI OUR FUTURE WE WILL DAMJE Y SOON & @endofcanadasoon
Fight these motherfuckers tooth and nail.
Great President.
President Trump, pls swallow your pride, and re-consider Paris Agreement. 
Climate Change is not a Myth
Chris, read the Paris Agreement before twit-ing
So this is a tweet about a disaster and the feed turns political. Real mature.
Its the losers on the left...as usual....they have accomplished nothing in life and cannot think for themselves.  they are zombie's
... and what planet are you from?...
There ya go. Classic. When the left can't win an argument they go for personal attack. Seriously, the left needs a new playbook. #realmature
Interesting that the biggest storm in US history will hit on 9/11. Maybe the US will ' 'wake up' and 'make up'.  #IrmaHurricane2017
It is 9/10 in the US.

Love 45 gives me hope
We already knew. Question is what the f*ck is POTUS gonna do about it? Answer: NOT A DAMN THING

My family still in home because no shelters to get in.
Listen to the REAL NEWS from heroes like Anderson Cooper for up to the minute info.
Now keep doing stuff like this on Twitter and you might gain some respect #UphillClimbTho
Scary #IrmaHurricane .... dear Mother Nature please keep it out of #sweetHomeAlabama  #PrayersForFlorida
Eh?
Killer robots against a hurricane ? 
The power of this needs to be understood better and ways to at least reduce them have to be found...
Have you opened Mara-Lago as a shelter? Wait, you'd find a way for Tax-payers to pay for that. Nevermind.
As opposed to who paying for it? The dreamers? Rofl.
I wish the President a happy life, the whole family happy, you unite and defeat the hurricane, God bless the United States
Despite what the #MSM says, I think you and Melania are providing the perfect example for what a president should do in these situations. 
Called the White house..kept getting hung up on. Rude! Have issues with G.M.  I have been on your side from day 1.-Jeri
I pray people aren't ignoring this storm because they view msn as fake news.

They don't need luck they need brains and there aren't any in the White House.
Ok but what about Mexico
https://funds.gofundme.com/dashboard/zachs-treatment-fund …
We already know that fucktwat.
I don't know her!!! Plz introduce me, I've never met your mom
Hey! You did something helpful! What a big boy!
And you didn't. Big boy!!!!
And listen to advice from CNN news. Remember who helped you at the end of the storm. The truth is out there. Be wise
Lol....yeah- the american people who voted for him!  AND no one should listen to CNN advice!...you should listen to your own advice! Be wise
Russia.
Thank you for being genuine, regardless of what the scum of the country says. Keep being a stand up guy with all good intentions.
I somehow feel maybe all your supposed eployees have no consequence for direct disobedience and overall costs are beyond excessive.
My husband and I are in Jacksonville on a boat in Ortega Landing Marina. We stayed on the boat and are safe and sound, lots of water/wind
Great foresight and coordinated preparations by leadership. Thank you Mr. President.
They have no power... but really nice try...
I've been watching the #HurricaneIrma coverage on @CNN & @MSNBC--NOT FAKE NEWS! @FoxNews is #FAKENEWS Also, #ClimateChange is real!
Yes the climate on Earth has been changing since its creation.  It will always change until Earths last day.
Shelters are turning people away some can't afford to leave I have relatives right in the path and pray they make it through this storm sad
POTUS thank you for bring a true leader #MAGA
How come mara lago has not been opened as a shelter?
Hopefully it wipes out your White House in Florida #impeach45
Praying praying praying God with us.
Me too...God be with you all
That is so helpful… what about the folks without internet?
#TRUMP POLITICAL-SPEECH IN TIME OF DISGRACELIAR#Hialeah #Miami #Florida #Irma #IrmaHurricane #Veterans #NYTimes #FBI #Senate #Sputnik
you must carry on
Amen Amen Amen
All These Can Only Be Put To Control ... But. Can Never Be Stops .Because ... They Are Signs Of End Times. 
Read From Revelations.
end times or not? Do we not try? Or should we just lay down and die? - if reaper walks up 2 me, he's going 2 need 2 duck - to miss my fist!
LOVE
#TrumpRussia #TRAITOR #LOSERINCHIEF
It's not Halloween yet lady, take off the mask.

Omg. It ate 
Probably a little tough to do without power, wifi and phone connections. Try a loud speaker!
Lol
Oh wait, this is from September. Thought it was today at the courrhouse.
I love how people follow Trump just so they can nonsensically bitch every time he tweets something.
But you couldn't do this for Texas? Shame. @realDonaldTrump
Remember biafrans are Jews and the Jews are hated by the world. That is why Britain supports all atrocities against Biafrans.
Apparently you are emulating joel osteen. But he ssys he had god on his side. What's your excuse?
amazing
How about you just visit Florida?  Right in Irma's path would be nice.
Respect your President sore looser
You are now and forever will be the most hated person ever lived and ever resided in the office impeach Donald Trump
Hail trump supreme leader of north America!
What?  This is how U R coordinating efforts to get help to the region after Irma?  How about tweeting that?  O, U can't b/c U don't know.
What abt. old or poor citizens without iPhones or computers. How do u adv them, or don't they count? They can't see ur "intelligent" tweets.

Don't need your kind of help...
You obviously don't live in Florida or the real Job.  Take a nap in your safe space.
I'm so glad $Tweetus is in charge...we're safe now!
pray for my brother &everyone in the path of IRMA. My brothers in Tampa downtown in historical home & will not leave
A sincere Thank U 4 posting information. Nice 2 see our President post something life saving when needed. I hope it helped & came in handy.
It didnt
U are in CA, how do U know it didn't?  I've over 200 fam members in FL. I'm no Trump fan; but at least he tweeted something positive 4 once.
Because he's a proven liar and a charlatan. He's never cared about anyone but himself. So it's insulting when he pretends to care
I agree w/ that & have posted such myself. But was good to see something useful posted during a devastating event. My opinion & U have Urs.
opened up Mar-a-Lago for shelter yet?
Why can't we move the hurricane to focus on #TrumpTower? LOL
HTML Clickable email signature. If anyone wants this signature, please contact and Order me.
http://bit.ly/2tt4BgX 
Hey Mr. President how about opening up your Doral Resort and Mara Lago to people looking for shelter here in Florida?!
Can't believe the ridiculous tweets from the morons on the left. We should all be praying for our citizens in harms way. Good job @POTUS.
Dios los proteja y lo cubra con su manto 
Climate change is fake news! Hurricanes don't get this strong
Staffer
Great info! Thanks for posting. Praying for those who will lose everything during this storm.
Almighty. GOD with America USA. 
GOD bless America.
Good help us
Helpful is to advise people to go to local news stations and local government sites.  This isn't about you or the WH. 
#Irma2017
Let's talk how canada is flooding
Yes safi sana
Too bad maralargo didn't get destroyed yet.  And none of the organizations that you said you donated to gat any $$ yet - #impeach
Respect your President rudely
Like you care, our Nazi in chief!  
You're out golfing somewhere, right?
Since you are tweeting this, I worry that you are micromanaging things you should be letting other people do. Delegate, as in the verb form.
Thank u sir will do have one near by I know in my heart u hear from us not staff right?
We we're hit very bad by Hurricane Irma. 
When my electric comes back; I will share my videos 4 everyone 2 see. #FloridaStrong
Wishing this would go right to fat Kim Jung goo crib a shower that actually he'd fit in
Путин бы бросил своих граждан умирать. Putin would abandon his citizens to die.

If only u were in Florida
Downside of beautiful coastal weather and property. I wish they didn't have to go through this, ever!
The only positive news of the hurricane coverage is that no one is covering your self centered ego "love me" issues
Says the man who's more worried about what he's doing than people suffering down south. SELFISH!
My prayers and thoughts are for all those people in Florida keep safe .
no christian is allowed to become Israeli citizen. but they have dual citizenship here +they use it 2 infiltrate+ spy on us.
Still not believe in climate change?
Hope everyone can stay safe in Florida.
n
Amen
 Hope this storm doesnt turn out as severe as they are saying
I see your base is reacting to your hurricane warnings by bashing Obama and Hillary . When are you people going to show some class ?
IT'S CALLED "GLOBAL WARMING" U STUBBORN, LYING CON-MAN WHO CARES ONLY FOR TRUMP AND $ #Mueller #GlobalWarming #climatechange #RussiaGate
YOURE the disaster
Republican Rush Limbaugh spread FAKE NEWS, said #HurricaneIrma was a hoax. Trump/Republicans SILENT..
Good morning from Siem Reap town in Cambodia, Mr. President . I prayed all people over there r safe.....Great President ..Great people.
上帝保佑每一个子民！
With your prolific tweeting of the obvious you might just cut it as the mail room boy at the weather bureau.
Leadership vacuum in light of impending national disaster...SAD

It's unbelievable that Trump appointees at State/DOJ are opposing JW's efforts to expose truth on #Clinton scandals.
http://jwatch.us/kRFyQt  
I hate these comments. Whether you like Trump or not. This isn't about politics. This is about climate change, nature and humanity #Florida
@realDonaldTrump but I listened to you and now I don't believe in climate change! #philosophy #whoops
Why would you think he does not believe in climate change?  He's having to make a choice! - try to save your children - or try to save you!
So terrible
That is God's gift to you..
Family's down there. So scared.
قال الله تعالى .وإذا جاء أجلهم لا يستقدمون ساعه ولا يتاخرون
Can anyone translate that better?
It is from the Koran
Why wright this if you know English no one is impressed
عملت إعجاب لاهتمام الرئيس. وليس للكارثه
I hope everyone is safe....
I notice since it is Fla you are a lot more interested.   I'm sure Fla will receive $$right away
Love how your staff are finally reigning you in & tweeting helpful info, instead of your pathological glee at "big storms."
