American steel &amp; American hands have constructed a 100,000 ton message to the world: American MIGHT IS SECOND TO NO…...
The coal from the newest mine in America is sending its coal to China, to make steel that we then buy. Destroying America water, air, & jobs
That would be why the US lost every
 war it was in since 1945, would it?
And it has nothing to do with the impotence of trump.  Yes little "t"
If so please make sure you put your sons on the front line.
MOST OF THE JOBS CREATED 2017 WERE SECURED UNDER RHE OBAMA ADMIN.  U'LL NEVER BE ANLE TO WAL IN HIS SHOES.  JEALOUSY, JEAOUSY, JEALOUSLY  
And two American presidents before you, George W. Bush and Barack Obama, made the #USSGeraldRFord possible--presidents we actually like.
We didn't like Obama. He did nothing to this Ship,  except pocket loads of $.
why don't u start picking on Germans and Russians that are in this country illegal and deport them the way u are depo latin
your wife in the beginning wasn't speaking good english your great grandfather from Germany didnt speak english at all
Allies will rest easy ... but you're pulling back military support for our allies.
Potus : your support among all people I speak to continues to grow.. stay the course and keep draining the swamp
You truly believe your lies
President Trump making things possible. Under Obama's Military spending this would have never happened.
So? NK can hit Chicago now, Russia is selling fake news Americans like they control the tabloid market, and our SCPOTUS postures,  PLEASE
PROSECUTE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ FOR TREASON !!!!!
Missing the point of being a world leader: you don't walk away on important things.
#lawnmower
A Trump team member that ducks & dodges facts and/or truth. Who could have predicted that?
#comingstrong. Are you sure that's the best way to phrase it?
I fucking love our president. (Seriously)
https://twitter.com/libertyselfgov/status/890676366042988544 …
Try an iceberg for size
#lawnmower
This sounds like so much bombast. A warhead would take it out easily. Warships passé.
wakey wakey
How full of bluster you are, Don. Greatness is awarded via sincere and knowledgable negotiation. Bullies with big things attract no regard.
>140 character message to the world: America STILL CANNOT GET OVER THE FACT PEOPLE ARE TRANS!
Our God is second to none. It's time for America to bless God, Jehovah Rafa, Jehovah Jira, The I Am. The reason we & Israel still exist!
but we can dodge the draft and still become president
How would you know? You used Chinese steel!
That was before Donald Trump, his family, and the GOP started destroying our government, our religious freedoms, our health, and our safety.
put that final product to work please all aboard 
Nice!!!
Now you see, fact checking, that is not true. Lie again.
No American steel in your shitty hotels
P
Blah, Blah, blah.

Bell-end
Chinese steel & illegal immigrant hands built a 664 ft tower in NYC... DJT's lies; second to none.
I mean would you just look at this graphic? Damn son.
But the American PRESIDENT IS LAST TO ALMOST EVERYONE! Sad! Delete your account
Is that why Pussy Grabber and sleazy spawn outsource the crappy junk?  We need to outsource the Presidency.
and no american steel in your pipeline to hell!
Use it for WORLD PEACE
Your debt is certainly second to none. 20 TRILLION and counting. MIGHT want to think about that
Well, it WAS......then Red November happened...
With US steel, unlike your buildings.
Why is it so important to be mightier than everyone else? To show the world who's boss? Why?
You can't "cut through" the horizon.
Russia called carriers 'sitting ducks'. Sounds right.
So the US was using US steel before you came along?
Says you build your buildings with Chinese Steel. The only thing made in America was you and I'd like to see a birth certificate to prove it
Squirrel!!!
You sir are brilliant. The wall is started. Why not build a fort outside sections as you go. Activity = drones, Hummers, troops active shown

You should never rebuke someone in public. Leave sessions alone
Good job
Why don't you uses American steel on your projects?
...takes more than 6 months to build a ship
Unlike your properties which are Chinese materials.By the way well done @POTUS44 for using American steel and American hands...
USS MARTIN LUTHER KING?? WHEN?
But all our pots and pans are made in China. Why?
You don't buy American steel. You don't make anything in America except a giant mess.
Please resign already! NO one likes YOU nor trust you! Oh and take your criminal family with you! Get out of the people's HOUSE!
Where do you get your steel from?! #TraitorTrump
Impeach Trump 2017
"Wish I could come strong..." tweet.
why didn't you use American steel on your projects? Are we supposed to forget that you bought your steel from China?
So how come if you do get steel for The Donalds buildings from China
Do the Chinese that sold the steel know you're calling it American Steel?
America isn't a pathetic bully.  Unlike our President.
>> then a dominate nation to be reckoned with on the open market.
We are looking more like a slave state caught in the perpetual downward spiral of slavery for the all mighty dollar>>
Have you looked at the rest of first world countries. All have healthcare free- most have education free->
Then why did you use Chinese steel?
Whatever you say, the world will be laughing! #Resist #ImpeachTrump
Liar liar Liar liar Liar liar Liar liar Liar liar Liar liar Liar liar Liar liar Liar liar Liar liar Liar liar Liar liar Liar liar Liar liar
This is your strong point, keep this up
Yet American hands are not good enough to work at Mar-A-Lago
So why did you use foreign steel?
Too bad you're attitude is hurting the usd and economy
You define MIGHT, by beating up on the weak, SOme would call that COWARDICE, why don't you duke it out with RUSSIA.
You like to beat up on the weak, somepeople would call that BULLYING, l doubt your anxious, to duke it out, with RUSSIA, you suckup to PUTIN
Rush Limbaugh Wonders Why The Media’s Ignoring this DNC SCANDAL? http://truthfeed.com/rush-limbaugh-wonders-why-the-medias-ignoring-this-dnc-scandal/94734/ … via @truthfeednews

If you think that's bad. Here's pages 1-3 of the affidavit filed on @realDonaldTrump for sex assault on a minor. Pages 4-6 follow. 
So why use Russian steel for pipelines? Liar
If only you had been president over the past 8 years, we would have 10 new ships instead of just  this one.  Another screw the US from Obama
Goes to show just how ignorant you really are. More than half of the systems onboard the carrier are made outside the US.
There you go taking credit for something you had nothing to do with.  Reminds me of all the bills you say you passed.
When a ship is named after you it will be a submarine. Sneaky, lies about its' position, and colludes under the radar (sonar). Sad.
Sure it is. Unless it's one of YOUR buildings. Then it's nothing but China's  finest! #MakeChinaGreat eventually...
Yeah Obama built a nice boat.   Bigger than yours I bet.
America is a laughing stock thanks to you - we will be strong when you are gone, we will be great when you are gone - do us a favor, leave
When are you going to use American hands to make your really shit? #madeInChina
Why do you purchase Chinese steel for your buildings? And then refuse to pay American contractors? Sorry excuse for a human being.
What kind of steel are your buildings made of??
That is a heavy message for sure ! 100,000 tons ! Wow ! Nearly as cool as that A* you got from Lou Dobbs right ?
I'm curious how you were able to walk around on that war ship considering all the foot problems you have.
Yep. Ford just announced it will cease Focus production in it's Michigan plant in 2019 and move it to China. Winning!
Heh heh. Look who's talking about hands!
thanks @BarackObama - Job Well Done Sir!
And you are sending the message America bend over and grab your ankles!!  #comradetrump
Trump still Made in China...hypocrites!
American steel! Ha! That's funny
Trump: LOSER
America used to be number 1, now were the number 1 laughing stock of the planet. Thanks DJT.
We MUST get more outsiders into D.C. to dismantle the bowels of the monster D.C. has become! Rid us of the evil doers!
There are more Muslims and illegal aliens living in and around D.C.  In my townhouse community..Whites were the minorities. It was horrible
I love close enough to know. The insiders are lovers of evil & deception & don't care one BIT about the American people.
Are you sure it AMERICAN STEEL? You're allowing Russian Steel on that Beloved PIPELINE of yours.
You are delusional
God Bless America!! God speed!! Thank you @POTUS keep up your fight for the Am people and our GREAT country!! #MAGA #DTS
#WeStandWithTrump
then why haven't you used American steel in your buildings??? JERK
so... you use American steel for your buildings? All of them?
BREAKING BOMBSHELL VIDEO : Pastor Exposes Trump Assassination Plot http://truthfeed.com/breaking-video-pastor-exposes-trump-assassination-plot/94641/ … via @truthfeednews
Trump buildings contain 0% American steel and 100% China steel. Trump does not care about America and American workers.
Speak softly but carry a big stick!
This is a old project. You havent created any steel, coal, retail jobs yet. You are benefiting Obama's economics and lying.
Thank you Bush 43 and Obama!!!
What a pity you never did or the cowards of your children either.

Had nothing to do with anything you had your hand in fraud!!!!
US education, health care, basic human kindness LACKING, though! :(
Actually USA standing in the world is diminished to the point where it won't be recovered and is all on you nice boat big boy toy
Except in healthcare, education, crime, and douchebaggery, all of which has been proven (maybe not douchebaggery).
Go Trump MAGA
Newsweek investigation: How Donald Trump ditched U.S. steel workers in favor of China
Sock it to um #Donald
How about them laid off Carrier employees?? LIAR
To bad u DONT MAKE UR SHIT in AMERICA instead of CHINA #dementia
AMERICA #votefortrump2017
But POTUS brain is none!!

We vote the next one be named #USSDEPLORABLES!
Then why are you trying to hire more non-American hands at mar-a-largo?
IT'S NOTHING THAT U HAVE DONE FOR THIS SO DON'T TAKE CREDIT FOR IT. BECAUSE U WILL BE LABEL MORE AS A #LAIR LIKE U R.
