God bless Trump! Our country is becoming great again!! 
Starting when?  I’d say starting from his impeachment and removal from office.
You believe everything you hear from MSM?
What is MSM?  Anything that isn’t fox?  If so, yes.
Good Times!

So original.
OMG!!! SERIOUSLY???!!!
Trump said this around his 1000th lie last year #TrumpLyingReminder
Well Joe’s ex-girlfriend never made it to 40. So I guess she’ll never know.
@FLOTUS #BeBest  I almost forgot about this one!
Hey @realDonaldTrump , don't forget,
Come on, Donald. Be Best
trump’s only ratioed tweet since becoming president afaik
How on earth people got courage to use foul language against the President of the Most Powerful Nation. Alarming
The comment made is on the position and not on Trump or Putin.

Omg!
Donny boy, you've done nothing for this country! You will go down as the worst president in American history! The world mocks you!
I love how well our country is doing. Like our President or not America is booming! NK is denuclearizing!!!! That is HUGE!!!!!! #Winning #DrainTheSwamp

Photoshop
Obviously not his neck do u think we r stupid or something... LMAO

Another lie by Trump
It's really embarrassing to know that the entire world can see your tweets.  YOU have turned this country into your own private cesspool.  A reckoning is coming you vile POS!
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @nytimes
VERY Fake News.
you were quoted in a story by @NPR
What a shame there are so many delusional Americans who can't see the wood for the trees. P.C. gone mad. Keep on keeping on Mr Trump.
...3) quit saying every news piece you don’t like is fake news - man up and admit when you’ve done something wrong or look like a five year old. Your choice. 4) lastly (I feel like I shouldn’t have to say this to a 80 y/o man, but here I am) treat women with respect...
...No one has had it worse than women. Treating them with respect will make you feel better about yourself.
...to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face...
Why don't you resign if you're so unhappy?
This is still disgusting.
@Northvike you would seem more presidential if you would ignore MSM. As it is you seem like a Schoolboy, playground bully.
@northvike  you need to stop trading insults you just cause more problems for yourself and it looks bad to your base


Look your mom looks like Trumpster
Your supreme leader, ladies and gentlemen.
Hey here is the #Christian "nobody respect women more than me" @POTUS @realDonaldTrump! Wow, you're so compassionate, Mr President!
This is the president? Of USA? Disgusting.

A quote kids can read about decades from now? Classy. Future generations will look back at the Jerry Springer Administration & think-really?
@IvankaTrump are you truly capable of being proud of this man?? EVEN IF he is your dad? Your children will be disgraced
9am is a little early to be drinking . No? Donnie? Hello, you there?
Sacred.
And this is important to the US, Puerto Rico crisis, California fires, ur stupid insur debacle and tax reform, how?
I'm always glad to see a reminder of the great respect our president has for women.


#NeverTrustUSA

@MELANIATRUMP talking about cyber bullying!!?!?! You should begin it at home!!!!
you only know how to spend, look at family security, it should be for you,Melania and son, not for your whole family
? You need to stop . I knew you was like this a bully and mean

you were quoted by @CNN
70 year old teen  
#trump =
What the fuck is wrong with you?
This is more of a response to the comments made by Patricia Arquette. I complete support equal pay rights.
First you hear working with Erik then you do have sole next Beth won.. this is the constant harassment that is hidden in background sound
How would you feel if a jerk said these things about Ivanka & put on Twitter?



Are you delusional???
Good. Those three nights would've cost $2.7 m for security, which the $600 b DoD budget simply cannot afford!
@siminuteman1776 this is funny
Find something to smile about
You are bully and obviously your Daddy just gave you money no morals.
Wtf
you were quoted by @USATODAY
IGNORANCE! No one bleeds badly from a face lift!
LMAO
what else can we expect a rapist and pedophile to say. you are not a conservative. you are a phony, u scam americans and take all our tax $
I get a kick out of all you people on here complaining about his tweets, but you all sure as hell read them. Lol
Fake:
Hair color
Hair comb over
Tan
where's chin #7 and #8 these days, Sir Ugly?
#FakePresident
so history doesn't forget.... this
 real_ugly_dude needs a #FaceLift
"Blonde hair at 71"
"Horrible comb over"
"what happened to chin #7 #8?
You mean like this @MathewTooker?
I agree! The @realDonaldTrump is a pumpkin pie haircutted freak!! Good one @MathewTooker!  Now stop tweeting me all tipsy at a golf tourney.
pig
Aaaand the country is officially screwed! 

You are.dispicable
facelift in Okinawa Japan!!

I heard that poorly rated crazy 70yo manbaby potus had bloody small hands from signing exec orders screwing over Americans
C O L L U S I O N 
Sq
So disgraceful. You can be bilionaire, wear expensive watches, but it does not take away any of your true essence, which is vulgarity.
All the liberal media seems to be bleeding badly
i hate you!
Do nothing out of selfish ambition or vain conceit. Rather, in humility value others above yourselves. Philippians 2:3
Did they see your fake Time magazine cover after you actually BEGGED them to come?
I think he is Manic
Let's talk about all the work your wife, Uday, Qusay, and the daughter you acknowledge have had
Uday and Qusay lmao
Really, that's all that Twitter is about . At least he is not hiding as most on Twitter do
You are going to far with your tweets, you need to STOP with the negative tweets. People are thinking you are senile for what you didn't g20
I think you went to far with your tweets about mika. I voted for you and stand with you, butbyou need
so all the misogynistic insults he's said for years were fine with you?  All his other bullying bloviating and often times racist bullshit
Lmfao  you're a savage
Don't you have more important things to be tweeting about? Smh 
Error 1 — Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row. 
Error 2 — Being so childish to include “he was bleeding from a face-lift” as a reason to say no.
OMG how rude to talk about your customers. How disrespectful and untrustworthy can you be. Got a feeling you will show us.
He already has shown us
You're the president of the USA!! Do you read what you write? #ifeelbadforyou Just stop talking shit!
regardless of the unnecessary tweets
I believe whoever does not stand behind any president is a traitor of our country and needs to be arrested for treason.
After all the bashing I’ve received from the left, I take it back, I don’t regret it at all! #maga
Disgraceful from a President of the United States. Your were elected to lead, not act on Jerry Springer.
Nnnnni
What is *wrong* with you?? Grow up Donald!
I would of refused that too.
Just stop with the petty tweets already. Health care, Syria, nuclear threats to the world. Capisci ?
What a jerk
You are more and more like Kinf George III and Hitler everyday. Are you proud of that accomplishment? Probably are, loser!!!
Our Founding Father's are rolling in their graves watching you TRY to dismantle the GREAT country THEY created!!!
Look at the Horrible plastic surgery you've had..... Just saying.....
Guess @FLOTUS hasn't taken away you twitter account and ended cyber bullying yet.
When you let someone know all your secrets and then you sling mud you deserve what you get that's karma love you president Trump
I say plastic surgery on her neck because she claims to have had not a "facelift" but plastic surgery on her neck . . .
She also had a nose job even though her nose was perfectly fine to begin with.  But her comments about Trump are not.
Plastic surgery on her neck isn't the only thing she's gotten.  You can tell she had a nose job even though her nose was perfectly fine . .


Hey now, Mr. Pres. Rise above, please.
iub I'm y
WTF is WRONG with you? Did your daddy not give you enough attn as a child? Mommy breast feed u until the age of 12? Srsly, whats wrong w u?
Ur military doesn't deserve to be stationed in Japan! Remove them! Don't be our ally! USA is a mad state!
だからマラウィ行ってそれを言ってみろって。
ていうか、アメリカに留学経験あるんだっけ？
それでこれとか、なんかコンプレックス丸出しなんだけど、向こうでいじめられでもしたのか、お前？ｗ
"be nice, you will do much better"

-Donald Trump
What's up with all the negative comments at the top. Twitter treasonous
President Trump, you continue to have my full support except your tweets. I hope you will consider Allen West's wise viewpoint.
SMH
This is so rude! Be kind! When they go low we go high! That is much more professional and classy!

Seems like you lie for sport.  Can't you just retire and become a full-time Twitter model?
Perhaps you should consider a facelift @realDonaldTrump. Starting to look like a sad turkey..
A president that insults a woman on here . After his own wife walks around with plastic surgery. A disgrace of Republicans supporting this
@CNN President Donald J. Troll. U have lowered the bar below the WWF ring. You lack a spine. SAD!
So many bitter anti Trumpers out there. Get over it. Crooked Hillary lost and the country won. Donald J Trump is the best POTUS ever.
Baaaaaaahaaaaa.. that is hilarious! You supporting probably the most dishonest man on the planet. Head in sand comes to mind.. 
LIAR!!!!


Isn't he about the ugliest,  most disgusting dude ever??!!  Uugghh...in so many ways.
Perhaps an updated book on etiquette will have a section on post-operations & not sharing yuck.
get over the tv reality world and obsession with face http://lifts.You  are the POTUS of d greatest nation.Prove u deserve 2b here.
Listen to your wife's speech on cyber bullying...Stop doing it!
Please STOP! You're an embarrassment! #BeforeHeTweets

Surely this kind of comment is below the office you represent sir.
What is it with you, women, and blood? Powerful women scare and intomidate you. Shame on you for inappropriate behaviors as President
