Spicer is loyal guy, but you need a more diplomatic and calm press secretary.
When you are POTUS, Its hard to find someone who isn't using you to launch their own career. So many are sellouts at that level.
I was thinking Laura Ingraham or Dana Perino who are already established. But POTUS doesn't call me for advice. lol
Laura Ingraham was a Bush/Romney Neocon. She's using Trump to promote herself and ridiculed today's Deplorables for not supporting Romney.
How did you like your half empty rally?
@ThomasB00001 @realDonaldTrump shhh...he had a bad day, bad week.  He needs to hire a good astrologer LOL  Send him resumes!
He's a June Gemini what do you expect......crazy!!!!!
wake up coo coo.  We have bad news for you today.  Again. #WorstPOTUSever
Yaaas
Your are a complete looser!  Just resign before you are impeached. Save some face!
☆☆ TRUMP IS BACK ON THE CAMPAIGN TRAIL ☆☆
(Ranting "Pre" Nov. 8th Stupidity)

Does this mean we get 2 VOTE again? #Revote
No one was there
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
Looking forward to a big rally in Nashville, Tennessee, tonight. Big crowd of great people expected. Will be fun!...
Dont Trust
PaulRyan!! #Repeal #Repeal 
FullRepeal then Repla
president Trump you are doing a great job. Keep your head and cool up high. No prior president matches you. Fair trade about time
.@realDonaldTrump Why don´t you go to places that did NOT vote for you, to experience the reality of what´s happening?
Because he only loves praise from ignorant people.  He doesn't have the nerve 2 go to where they tell him the truth.
Why the campaigning?
Read "Indian Removal" by Foreman. If you can read, that is.
I can see why you admire Andrew Jackson. "INDIAN REMOVAL ACT," MUSLIM BAN." Maybe you read about it. Very cruel!
Why so many rallies. It's not election year yet.
@Ann_Ceball wtf. Still rallying instead of leading the country. This is crazy
You mean a klan meeting right! ?
nobody cares!
Yes, your majesty! Feel better now?
Trump your days are done sir... Like Hillary said you just dont have what it take clown boy
Shouldn't you be working instead? You were already elected and have much work to do!
Why do you act like you're still campaigning? You are president. Start behaving like it. N stop vacationing every weekend.
Campaigning & leading are two different things aren't they? It's one thing to bloviate, it is another to actually succeed.
A lot of good it did you with healthcare....What's wrong Donald, is the job to tough for you?
why don't we have all Federal workers on Obama care.   Give them what what we all have to live with
please repeal the Obamacare care in its entirety!!...too much in those thousands of unread pages repeal
why cant there be 3 health coverage.  For legal, illegals and congress.
The people don't earn enough for insurance as it is and you want to make it more difficult for them and you make it worse
the ordinary people don't earn enough for your scheming insurance there are millions dying in the US every day as no care
You should watch your own campaign  before you lie and say you didn't say something you don't care about your people
Y ru having rallies? Y do u need constant outside validation? Is it exhausting 2lay ur self-worth at the feet of strangers?
Why are you wasting time and money holding campaign rallies. You're the President, act like it. Don't you have work to do?
STOP campaigning. You're supposed to be working.  Disgusting. You're wasting OUR money.  #irresponsiblePOTUS
Your're an disgrace to this nation and the office.
I am a combat Veteran and did vote for you, however please deploy Cindy Williams to Afghanistan then talk about our pay
you took. Stop wasting money flying around looking for love cuz ur inauguration crowds so weak. Stayhome DO YOUR JOB!!
there you go, trying to keep your fragile malignant narcissistic ego inflated.  Sad!!
sad sad man.  daddy didn't hug you.  get some professional help.
.   
                   Stop Whining and get a JOB!
Man Alive this flock of sheep is so brainwashed they don't even know American History 101. Sad! 111%
Fun? Fun! Your idea of "fun" is interesting.
stupid fools following greatest con man ever!
When are you going to come to southeast Georgia!!!! I would love to see my President in person and have a sig. from you!
Big crowd of bigots
sure, U mean big crowd of PAID people by u? Ur so hated &beyond STUPID even my dog has a heart & is way SMARTER than u!
Well, as long as you're having fun it must be OK.
crowd of racist people who will turn on you soon when they realize you just used them to get elected.
why do you feel the need to rally? Aren't you POTUS? Oh wait, you're under investigation ...gotcha!
I'm looking forward to the day you get impeached
don't come to Seattle because you're not welcome here Cheeto man
maybe you could actually do some work. Weekly pep rallys to stroke your ego haven't helped your instability at all.
all senile up ur alley
your rallies are always tiny.
did you see that dump looking guy behind you that they kept the camera on, he does represent your constituency. dump sheep
WHY does he keep doing rally?! To stroke his ego, that's why. And those few dummys fall for it.
You KNOW your fan base, alright #TheBeast-Devil
Try being president for a while before running for reelection. Like time in DC instead on golf course at Mar Lago #TFT
Dozens of your fans!
Rallies are for promoting yourself during campaigns. Get to work and stop taking all these golf trips, wasting OUR $$$$$$$$
ahhh--you have to hear some applause so you don't run away crying?
now Tennessee is so polluted, it'll take centuries to clean up #GoldenShowerdrumph #Impeach45 #RussiaWhiteHouse
Can't live without the ego-stroking and re-hashing/trashing Hillary, huh? Just can't be real.
God, you are sooo insecure. "Big crowd...big crowd." Just stop it.
you're tweets are juvenile
God Bless you President TRUMP
It was awesome enjoyed you getting all that love.
Klan meeting?
When are you going to stop campaigning?
I hope they all bring their Russian flags!
stay in your office and work
My son turned your speech into a game.  Fortunately you only said, BELIEVE ME 4x.  He didn't get too drunk...
Read speech and history of Andrew before honoring!
Believe me. Believe me.Believe me. Believe me!!! Keeps one wondering...
why your need for applause? How about really doing your job. The election is over narcissist.
stay home and try to do your job!!
t@ell your grown children to stay home or provide their own security.  We did not elect a royal family!
in Tennessee? great people = rednecks?

dozens of people will attend inside;  thousands will be outside protesting!
Your followers!  More lies to be told!
......Wishef I was there.....Go Trump Man....
Scared to come to New York? Everyone hates you hear. See the demonstators.
Wish I could have been there to protest you, but I was protesting you in Ypsilanti. Fun!
Why are you wasting our money on your rallies. We the people don't want you to rally. What's the purpose?
Could you possibly start sounding like a president?  And maybe that you had an education beyond 6th grade?
you go my man!been telling my husband for yrs our country needs to be run like a business and only you can do it! MAGA
The campaign is over AH.. Get to the job of Governing..Which you do not have a clue on how to! less time vacationing in Fl.
wouldn't be better to spend your time on more important things rather than getting your ego stroked at these "big" rallys?
what is the point of these #rallies? Aren't you already president?
WHY ARE YOU STILL RALLYING!
why are you still doing rallies though? GET BACK TO WORK
Need you ego stroked again? #kingbaby
What is the benefit for the Citizens and voters from your "rallies"? Who pays all the travel expenses for these "rallies"?
why does the president need a rally? Fragile ego? Can't handle the job?
I see u ignored fact more ppl protesting outside than the idiots inside buying ur BS. Betrayed ur voters, liar & fool.
Origin of the Klan, should be YUGE!
So much fun, loved by crowds, cheered by supporters, all eyes on the speaker... Love it!
heard it cost you some money to get people to show up!!! 
saw your "big" crowd. lmao.
- why another rally??? Elections are over..
you mean, 'big' like your hands?
, Yea YUGE crowds. Like inauguration, except much smaller. What was the count? Around 100, extrapolated your way (100M)?
u were expecting FUN? Really? What da fuN! Go to ur tower and close the door please.
Big crowds that is all you care about  You have a problem and no one you can trust to tell you.
Play on while Rome burns
Why do you have so much time to screw off?
and the Florida this weekend AGAIN?????
you should focus less on rallys and twitter and more on running the country you fool.
Looking forward to lots of white people cheering me in Nashville after meeting all these foreigners! So many foreigners!
Try staying st the WH, shutting up and working.
dose posing the minds of the stupid make your vagina wet
Is this like when you tried to tell us your inauguration had a "big crowd"?
good news you are looking like a tierd old man you can go take a rest with Rex he is tierd too. Keep up the weekend gold
Lots of old tomatoes and eggs?
quit wasting time worth your BS "rallies."
.... I'm almost sure this guy has a mental condition. Something is wrong with him.
You're a joke; a frightening, bizarre, dangerous joke.I'm ashamed that you represent America.
White robes and hoods will be handed out to all the white folks. Sad, very SAD!
Seen the numbers. Hahaha if you call that a big crowd. Seen more in a bar.
need to stoke baby ego?
what are you accomplishing w these rallies @ this point in your term? Are they a victory lap or do they have a purpose?
so why don't your Republican counterparts do town hall meetings... Sad. So. Sad.
stop with the rallies!! Are you that insane you need to here people cheer for you.While the rest of us are horrified by you
Why do you care so much about the "size" of your crowds. Sad!
people who throw stones at you, if you don,t return them, they will eventually run out of stones.
#Great  Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great ENOUGH! 
Will always remember it as the night a Federal Judge stopped your racist Muslim ban. Nice.
come on. You're going to Tennessee. Not exactly Mensa crowd
Please explain to me how you have time for rallies during the week and Maralago and golfing on the weekends.
The majority of them were protestors that dont count toward your crowd size #TheElectionIsOver #StopCampaigning
#pathetic #sad #impeach45
Both of them heard there were going to be free hats....Disappointed!
Bigger than your inauguration?
.@realDonaldTrump 
"Fun" and post-election "rallies" are what a Presidency are all about! Didn't you criticize BHO re: too much fun, golf?
I GUESS NOT...ALTHOUGH YU WOULD SAY IT WAS THE BEST, BIGGEST CROWD EVER...
Quit campaigning and do your job. Syria, Libya, North Korea, and Russian land grabs.
more masturbating
