You never speak out about the attacks commmitted by white extremist at home. Why is that?
It's almost as if you have some kind of agenda you are pursuing here?
I mean, I could be wrong, but I get the feeling that you are using fear of "muslims" to drum up support from your base.
It's almost as if, and correct me if I'm wrong, you care more about things like "crowd size" and "popularity" then actually governing.
Donald Trump cares most about:
Most Muslim are good people but all Islamic terrorists are Muslim......Fact
Putin, Trump and ISIS all want @MLP_officiel in the Elysee Palace.... let that sink in for a moment.
Why do ISIS want this? And how do you know? Do you know them? Serious question, explain. 
They want to divide Europe and promote a narrative of a global religious war, she plays straight into their hands!
Exactly! Trump plays right into Islam extremists hands too. They want to destabilize the west and it's working
All these terror attacks were happening well before Trump.ISIS is not the head of the snake. 60% of muslims support a ban on homosexuals
Name me a religion that promotes homosexuality?
name an islamic country where homosexuals ain't hanged. none  of the relgions promote homos but certainly "asian relgions" don't hv any prob
All religious dogma is easily (and historically has been) used ( many many many times) to persecute minorities for a myriad of reasons
So you are an expert now? Think again.  Really THINK about what you are destroying! Fake Pres!
The people of America cannot take much more of you!
おだまり
Shitty. I'll go over there if you want. We'll see how they'll feel then. I've got god with me.
What about rising white nationalist terrorists who are creating violence and harassing people in our country? When will u speak up abt that?
We need to wipe them fuckers out no room for isis in the free world 
Wrong!



So many here have it. Must be a awful disease to have.


Yeah, so will the Russians. BIGLY effect.
RT: #snarwani: 'Lavrov:OPCW’s block of on-site CW probe shows Western powers now aiming to oust #Assad
https://www.rt.com/news/385515-lavrov-opcw-mission-syria-blocked/ …
#Syria'
WHY?
What about the terrorist attack that happened in your own country in Fresno by a jailhouse convert Muslim. How DARE you not mention it.
What are the details about this? I just heard Michelle Malkin mention it.
Wow. That was back in April, so I don't recall  the details. I think person to whom I was responding blocked. Malkin is always good on this.
Mais ferme ta gueule.
Vraiment, ton avis ne nous intéresse pas.
Et non, tocard, si tout les parisiens était armés ce serait pas mieux.
Are you running for that one too?

Love the replies don't think Donald would 
THE same worms with the same posts week after week. Your tweets affect nothing, weaklings. You got run over and we are laughing at you..
Tg
Colonization only let areas let sciences roles cultivating jobs of states requiring lies t selves/others how used/made.sequence not let true
This is a direct interference in the French Republic election!
#SAD
Terrorism there is in Venezuela! Please HELP!
Dude!!!! Sweden!!!!!! What about Sweden!!!!!!!
ياسيد ترمب كنت ايام الانتخابات واول ايام رئاستك قد وصفت الاتفاق النووي الذي وقعه اوبامابالمخزي والان تصفه #بالرهيب# فلماذا هذا التناقض
any comment on the incident in Germany? Of course not, it wasn't islamist was it Don?
How many people were shot dead in the USA yesterday?
probably more than whom died in France... And I bet most, if not all were guns owned by American citizens

#TheResistance 
#StandUp to the oligarchy that acts only on private interests—They can control your surroundings, not every thought you have 

"There's no place like home, there's no place like home."

#TheResistance 
Since you have time to speculate on the psyche of the French, how about releasing those tax returns AS PROMISED?

What are you hiding?
Great call. The astute French rejected fascism - and by extension, you!
The things @realDonaldTrump knows about French politics would fit onto a postage stamp
you know, you could offer aid or prayers for the victims instead some odd political commentary.  Presidential much?
Oh Donald I see you had Racist Ted Nugent in the house huh !!! That's a good look !!
@POTUS cracks me up. Manages to string words together that can be interpreted any which way. A skill someone with that job shouldnt have.
Your fear mongering couldn't change the election...SAD!
Another terrorist attack in the U.S. The people of the US will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on presidential election!
I fucking hate these Democrat liberal fucks that hate on our president. He hasn't harmed America at all. He's are president deal with it.
that's all you can say when people are hurt? That it will affect the election?
He's not known for being an eloquent speaker like Obama..He's more of just an overstuffed talking ! Oink
Is there a reason why you only call out a terrorist attack if the attacker is brown? But when white Christian men commits terror, crickets 
There was a Terrorist Attack in Las Vegas on Monday - can't you say the words? @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Another terrorist attack in America . The people of USA will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on mid-term election! @GOP
As will ur actions here.
Another terrorist attack in your backyard.  Homegrown terrorist.  Will have a big effect on the presidential election.
You are currently living in a glass house. We can only hope your lack of action has an bigly impact on the next US presidential election.
Remember this tweet Donald? Too bad we can't impeach ours @AC360 @JoeNBC @CNNDonLemon  @POTUS
Yeah, remember these words Donnie! Oh don’t worry if you do we will remind you later.
I thought you only cared about American politics? Hmmm
You said you didn't want to patrol the world, but when it fits your narrative of hate, you embrace it
But we know you really don't care- because your first tweet this morning was a retweet about how many football players were in a photo
This is a very narcissistic, juvenile, embarrassment of a president!!!
What's embarrassing? You've got to be kidding, the golfing every weekend, the childish tweets, being unable to SPEAK and Write properly..
Stop insulting OUR President! It was Obama who golfed more than he worked. It was O. who created bad race relations here! You're brainwashed
Are u delusional. #45 has divided this country more than any other president. I would've expected it under Obama but it was nothing like now
You were saying??
Remember this!?? Las Vegas was a terrorist attack !! There is your second Amendment!!
Another terrorist attack in USA! People wont take much more of this. Will have a big effect on election! Trump allows White terrorism!
Another mass shooting this time in Las Vegas. The people of America will NOT take any more of this. Will have a big effect on 2018 elections
Starting to think Russia is behind these attacks.
What about the terrorist attack in Las Vegas? What are you doing to stop attacks like the one in Vegas?
Hmm you overturned Obama's EO so those with Mental Illnesses can purchase weapons. @GOP want to allow Silencers. Yup big effect on election!
InfoWars is a major news source for the orange gibbon. It's owner is an adviser to the gibbon.
Another terrorist attack by a white man in America. Americans will not take much more of this. Will have BIGLY effect on elections!!!
Another terrorist attack in Paris. The people of France will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on presi...
@PressSec but don’t politicize the Vegas tragedy, right Sarah! 
Well good thing is you won’t have to worry about the next presidential election and hopefully some of this term.
People are dead ... but sure, let's talk politics ... Jeez, how far removed from the real world are you???
.bad tweet @DonaldJTrumpJr #trumprussia #ImpeachTrump #VotingRightsAct #boycottTrump #Muellertime #UnfollowPOTUS #PuertoRicoRelief
Go take a nap Donny and let the grown ups play government.
2 women died in Paris + the gun man compared to 59 people died in Vegas + gun man. What are you doing to stop it? And prayer doesn't work.
STOP!!! @realDonaldTrump TAKE CARE OF YOUR OWN BACKYARD. Las Vegas, Puerto Rico...HELP them, dont worry about France/elections
This is what the gibbon is being told about the Las Vegas killings by Alex Jones...

Shut up
Don't hold back 
LOL... I just get tired of the rhetoric. I want a President like Justin Trudeau. Thoughtful and President for all Americans.
Lol. Yeah you and all the Women in America just love Justin.  My daughter is always talking about him. Lol
Trump attacked him for no reason and he answered with a well thought out response He followed Angela Merkel's lead &His cabinet isn't swampy
I don't care if you like him    Lol. I still like you . #yourcorrectasusual
Lol... I just wish we had a good President. Brains are a good thing when you are running a country
The triggering in the comments is so funny/cringy  @rolandscahill  @IamTeeGriff @Mr_JSheffield
I know isn't it  just a wee tweet using sound logic and basic reasoning and all those #Cult45 members get sooo triggered. Hysterical 
Delusional. You don't realise that you're inside the cage looking out do you  
You're not a free man , you're an inmate #ShutterIsland
Keep up the Awesome Big League work Mr. President! All these haters & trolls are still trapped in Little Leauge #MAGA 
Keep up the good work Prs.
Please don't belittle the French; The people of France are strong and proud. They lived through the Nazi occupation, they can take this.
They lived through he Nazi occupation? Were they at all complicit in that occupation? See the Vichy government.
Macron is the best choice for France. I hope they learn from our terrible mistake, the in our White House, until he is impeached.
Worthless words sound like golden showers
you did it you're the #illuminati king
one thing about that it's none of your business about their presidential election, u will not get another chance one term
Something tells me based on your tweet #Kompromat Trump,U know who attacked Paris influence election=your Russian comrades? @RepAdamSchiff
Is that all that matter to you? Elections...because all you see are $$$$s I guess!
@Nigel_Farage and still no heads of state in the EU demand Merkel resigns over inviting this swarm of unwanted migrants
33,000 times more people are killed with guns in the U.S. every year. over 90 times more people killed every day here.
How are things now Donald? Love #Macron #France  #EU 
You and Putin are staging phoney attacks every where.
"But... but... someone very credible on Fox News said it would..."
Worry about the KKK, anti Muslim and anti-Semitic terrorist  attacks in our own country.
The fuck
BUILD THAT WALL!!!
Article 1, Section 8! @IvankaTrump A family who stands by destroying clean air &water. #complicit By now you understand that word.
It didn't.
SO MANY ATTACKS on YOUR WATCH! You're obviously making the WORLD unsafe, not just us.
You're right it did have a huge effect. The people of France refused to give into scare tactics.
Yeah, about that. No.
Geezus can you at least TRY to hold back your glee when you hear of these attacks? We all see exactly what you're doing here....
That is just plain sick to compare death to an election.  You need more than your "prayer BOTS" to help you.
No @realDonaldTrump the terrorist attack did not have any impact. The strong people of France stand against terrorists' machiavelic plans.
Apparently not
A lot of stupid Americans voted for you and you're president.  I hope Paris does not make the same mistake!!
Yeah, maybe.  If Steve Bannon has his way...
Is here anybody that believe that DT
Is actually, concern for America as a country ,and not just like a group?
Wrong again, nazi
Look at U, getting all giddy! 
Dont get ur hopes too high though Donny: France will NOT have a trump in office. Marine Le Pen will NOT pass.
Not so much. France chose reason over the holocaust-denying hate & fear-monger. US did 2 by 3 million votes. U won electoral, lost popular.
How convenient
Hey, you were right! Good job! :D
There are two kinds of terrorism. Those who do acts of terror and those that use those acts for their own agendas.
Nope. #FrenchElection
i hope my ppl will not be as stupid as you and don't vote by fair.
Terrorist in the World is American they make terrorist and they blaming
Translation: Terrorism works.
Mr. President. Can you take a look sometime at the credit bureaus. We all make mistakes but 7 years on your record seems excessive.
A lesson for the rest of the world..don't elect a racist, fascist dictator like USA did. Be smart like France. #democracywins #nottrump
Another mass shooting in America. POOR LEADERSHIP. Sad.
YOU are the #terrorist #terroristtrump
At least France now stands a chance. They saw the err of our last election. Viva la France!
Fake news! Lol.
When are you gonna congratulate the new President of our oldest ally, you buffoon?
You were practically begging for it to happen in that tweet. Do you care even a little bit for the average human?
Sounds like you're no political swami, are you? You're so out of the loop, you think you actually won. #LePen, #Macron, #frenchelection
Hey Twitler. Shhh 
:)
Trump was rooting for terrorism to work with this tweet.
give them guns
Communist Putin lover!
Btw, Russia is on the brink of taking the US place as the super power of the world. Thanks Donald and Trump@ill- advised supporters, drain u
You said you wanted to drain the D.C. Swamp but you didn't say you were replacing it with Trumpism garbage at the political dumpster , con
Will they elect the fascist you are supporting?
Victory for Le Pen means "this is the end of the world as we know it" (R.E.M.). Welcome to Western Europe, USSR.
Take that you fear mongering, racist misogynistic "fake" president #MACRON
How can you really think that french people are so stupid to believe that ! Do your job, and don't express your bloody ideas about Europe !
Do we have to remind you of that guy who killed people on Facebook Live in Cleveland? Oh wait, there are killings everyday in your country.

#France it's Time to take your country back !! #JeVoteMarine  #JeVote #MarineLePen https://twitter.com/American1765/status/856005504610562049/video/1 …
Another loss, Don. Kind of like your bankruptcies. They just keep coming.

I want Obama back I miss him Obama cared about everyone .
I voted marine le pen , I'm in France and want to not terrorism
You seem to be in the wrong universe
You know nothing about France or their presidential process. Shut your mouth.
Macron! Macron! Macron! You lose again - bigly! So sad!
Nique t'es grand morts

That is why the French maid the Statue of Liberty, they now what it looks like.
Know
.@realDonaldTrump Looks like the sensible ppl in Europe are REJECTING your base appeal to fear. #frenchelection
Another terrorist attack in Paris. The people of France will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on presidential election!
LePen is to France what Trump is to America! Vote Macron. Obama supports him
And France did!  Macron for President! Vive la France!! 


Yay!
Of course
The people of France are smarter than your fear-mongering approach Trump, and they weren't fooled by a hack orchestrated by Putin.  #resign
Nope it was NOT a terrorist attack.   Stop believing every thing DAESH tells you
mr trump ! please resign - or pass away - or be impeached - either way i will throw a party- you draft dodging rich boy -fuck the wall
Well all that crazy #Putin stuff didn't work this time w/France & it won't work #2018! #dropkick #trump
French are much more brave than the selfish American racists like you. You rants work only among the thrash in US.
Donald Trump & Kim Jong-un are over weight, have ridiculous haircuts and are Olympic class liars but you can be free of Trump after 4 years
sure did the wicked witch lost
Thankfully the French people are a LOT smarter than those who support you! Vive la France!
BREAKING NEWS!!!

Another terrorist attack in the US: Donald J TRUMP is in our WH....
France keeps taking in refugees are are in denial of the Muslim invasion, the outcome will be the conquering of France
You sure understand the politics of fear @POTUS.
 #frenchelection2017 #MacronPresident
Sad, terrorist attack failed to get the French to vote for Putin! A disaster!
ftg
Your buddy LePen came in THIRD in a TWO-PERSON race!

Macron: 20.703.631 votes
Abstentions: 12.041.258
Le Pen: 10.637.183
Dude. The French like Fish Mongers, cheese mongers, etc.
What doesn't fly there at all are Fear Mongers.
Wrong again. The people of France refused to vote from a place of fear and racism, like Americans who voted for you.
Perhaps it did. They realized they didn't need a #PutinPuppet to fix the problem by banning anyone that wasn't white. #frenchelection
We meaning Putin?
滚犊子
Actually France saw what we are dealing with in you and you swayed their election!! 
I hope so.. Our country is brainwashed into a socialist Government. They need to look at Venezuela. Looking 4 dogs on streets 4 food. Sick
Maybe so. They chose the sane one.
I don't think that's what you meant though...
they need to arm the populous & push all muslims out. the terrorists aren't Lutheran. eliminate the SOURCE.
Putin's ventriloquist's dummy
Not so much, eh Donald?
Boy you were wrong as usual
LOOOOO-SEEEEEER! LOOOOO-SEEEEEER! LOOOOO-SEEEEEER! LOOOOO-SEEEEEER! LOOOOO-SEEEEEER! LOOOOO-SEEEEEER! LOOOOO-SEEEEEER! LOOOOO-SEEEEEER!
#MAGA, #MFGA#MARINE2017!!!Go, Frenchies!! Plsntbyou lovely foot up auntie EU's POMPOUS ASS!!
Good call Donnie.  #ch
Viva La France!!!! You lost dude
Dear @realDonaldTrump we, the French people, do not need your hateful tweets, we want to live in peace, all of us.
Thats what your russian friends want....put the most stupid on the driver seat...just like they did here at home...
The French didn't buy LePen's and your BS! Vive la France
Do you think that racism will win so called president?You  and your racism will never win!
It did have an effect. No Trump or Putin
#TRUMPisaLOSER
