.
can't stop at this lie you just said! Taking our healthcare making us a pre existing condition just a few reason why you are full 
Hypocrite!
This is one of the only true things #Trump has said, but #America won't get there by #Trump calling women pigs etc. #Trump isn't qualified.
Nor by saying he can grab women’s genitals, but that is OLD news. Move on! The man’s working for a better America against huge opposition.
So by the "full potential", you mean how you sexually harass women?
So how come you disrespect women so often then?
It's been over a year since you were installed, so when will you start?
Only by enlisting the full potential of women in our society will we be truly able to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain… https:...
The liberals will hate this!
where are the black women???

It's looking mighty White sir......
Paying for child support
@realDonaldTrump - ur video is full of baloney!

#MAGA => #ManyAreGettingArrested
Gth, a-h!!
Sure...
One or many of the virtues of PresTrump is he's everything they say he isn't.  LOL Will the dummy's out there understand that play on words?
How can you help women reach our full potential by limiting our access to birth control and safe abortions? You want barefoot & pregnant. 
How much money do the women get for the sales of thier pregnancy tissues at Planned Parenthood, ABR,Stem Express and Novogenics?
Aborted baby parts being sold to Labs is not fake news. Congress investigated and uncovered the facts. Media & P.P. protects Flesh peddlers.
Evidence proves right. You are going on Hearsay which is not evidence. Read the report. Sheeple
Your VP won't have dinner alone with women, you're on tape saying horrendous things about women- this ain't your admins forte
You've gone out of your way to offend women.. you've gone out of your way to undermine womans health care. & your  wife won't live with you
Out of his way? Undermine health care how? Barron is still in school in NYC.
Little Prince Baron and 45 wife need to slum it in the white house and get there asses to Washington th people can't afford two homes
We're not paying for their homes. And Trump isn't taking the presidential salary.
And Trump refuses to prove he has not taken a paycheck just like he is refused to show his taxes. I need proof I don't believe him he lies
When has he lied?
Hasn't he lied or as his followers would say they believe his alternative facts.
So says Mr
 Grab em by the pu$$y
You sound like a true misogynist
Because I'm appalled by Trump's "locker room" talk? Ok....
Oh get over it. Have you never said something stupid? And he didn't lie about it either. Move on already.
How could he lie about it....
Surreal.
"She'll take care of the kids..." - DJT
...a classic
"...the full potential of women..."  Really?
Wow That's a lot of loathing..True femininity is beautiful and it's ok for men to notice it. Why always assume the worst of people?
Fake tribute from the Pussy-Grabber-in-Chief!
Pig
What you really mean: Acting like I care about the full potential of women in society is what @IvankaTrump told me to say
Perhaps you can start by allowing reproductive rights and the ability to choose what happens to our own bodies.
So why are you allowing your misogynistic minions to make rules about our uteruses without our input?  Not your body, not your business.

Oh, PLEASE.

Would that be before, or after you grab their pussies?
I think you misspelled "exploiting" in the third word of your message.

Those who are committed to doing the right thing will always be targeted viciously. It's how devil operates.Trump is being attacked daily!
https://www.scribd.com/doc/316341058/Donald-Trump-Jeffrey-Epstein-Rape-Lawsuit-and-Affidavits … #childrapetrump #whereisMaria was 12! According to plaintiff witness SWORN affidavits; Disappeared =You  MURDERED?
Do we get to empower women before or after they're sexually assaulted by you?
I'd like to here your thoughts on just what that potential may be
maybe u should think about that when ur cutting out Planned Parenthood that literally saves thousands of women daily.
And kills thousands daily
On landing boats at the age of 16,Dearing WW2 and not just her millions of women worked so hard with no minion of how hard theses women
Maybe we should have put one in the WHITE HOUSE!!!!!!  #HILARYREALLYWON She's the rightful POTUS
Count me out if you're involved!
You have no concept of life , Trump, except as one who has been given everything by a heritage of racism,
That's mighty fine talk from a man who likes to grab 'em by the pussy.
Love it !!!! 
We help women worldwide& we want to help more but it all costs money http://www.little-heartbeats.org.uk/single-post/2016/12/29/Remembering-Our-PPROM-Angel-babies-2016 …
When doctors say terminate we say there is hope
You are doing a great job.  I am so glad you are President!
Right. And how empowering would it be if women ran around saying "grab them by the cock"? Get real you sorry excuse for a cheeto.
if they are dying because no cancer screenings because you closed pp. cannot reach full potential because no affordable family planning; ...
only then can the will of their grip point towards a verve made to last
#resist #mybodymychoice
If true, why would you sign a bill to defund Planned Parenthood? Its for WOMEN in NEED of medical care! YOU SHOULD TAKE CARE OF ALL WOMEN!
No one knows how to use women like Donald Trump!
No one knows how to repeal Obamacare like Donald Trump!
No one has ever had approval ratings like Donald Trump!
No one knows the "real truth" except for Donald Trump!
Don't listen to the opinions of the vast majority of the country! Trump knows their opinions better than they do! FAKE NEWS!
Everything is rigged! Everything is a conspiracy! There's just no way his ratings are really, truly unprecedented! He's completely normal!
And all of us at the top of his posts? We all must be BOTS! Because the polls are wrong & everyone just LOVES our dear, great leader!
You go grab 'em Donald! No one is even thinking about women (esp. their daughters) the way you do! So UNIQUE!
not enough "grabbable" women in the white house?
Just because you say these words, doesn't erase the "grab 'em by the pussy" comment. #NotMyPresident #SexualAssault #DisgustingPig
cc @SallyQYates @kathrynallenmd @MaxineWaters @ananavarro @AprilDRyan @madeleine @RepBarbaraLee @MaryJStreep @SenWarren
Hypocrite
Obama and the first lady. Leaving your first lady setting in the limo to open her door and walk up the steps un-escorted to join you.
In this pic, is the prez touching her backside/bottom with his hand?
#TrumptraintoRussia
@ClaudiaZacharek my daughter serves as a Medic in the @army. Help her reach her potential. She wants to b a nurse
You just had the @VP come in to break a tie breaker defunding women's health centers and  your tweeting about women's potential?!
the visualization of this video is not as strong as the message. Still, a great statement. MAGA !
Action speaks better than words.
yup by grabbing by the pussy REALLY HARD!!! WITH ALL YOUR LITTLE HANDS MIGHT!!!
You mean potential in the sense of potential victims, amirite?

Just threww up on my shoe......pu**y grabber.
It makes me sick to my stomach to see these words coming from the likes of you. #grabthembythepussy
And you respect women SO much don't you? The recording of your comments is still fresh in our minds. #TalkingOutBothSidesOfHisMouth
I just threw up in my mouth a little. Knowing that you don't support equal pay and think women are just object for your pleasure. Disgusting
First step: #stopgrabbingourpussies
PRAY FOR THIS GREAT GOD SENT PRESIDENT AND VP PENCE.  PRAY FOR AMERICA AND ISRAEL
How many pussies did u grab ?
Only by putting #TraitorTrump in prison will we make America great again. American`s will rejoice Bigly.
Not all want their pussys grabbed.
you recall your quote about woman caught on tape w Billy Bush?  You described a sexual assault.  Remember?  You are an obstacle to woman!
Donald Trump is a man that I could get under .... I mean ... behind.
Do you evaluate potential by grabbing them by the pussy?
Grab them by the pussy right Donald!?!?!
Meals so they can work as women are the primary care givers of older parents; insurance so they can be housed;
This was not your wisest tweet
Don you are such a joke. A misogynist with numerous women suing you for sexual harassment and other serious deviant behavior.
You dispise women
YesThank You Mr President Make womanhood great again!!
Not much diversity in the room full of women
You're actions say otherwise.
What do you know about womens' potential and respect for women. All you know is how to be a full-fledged misogynist when it comes to women!
Mike Pence won't eat with them though and you don't shake their hands... weirdbeard
1. There is a sex offender in the White House.
2. The VP can't even eat with women.
3. 90% of WH pics don't have a single woman in them.
You're hypocrisy is duly noted
Start by respecting your own wife
Does enlisting the "full potential" mean making them all "10s" (which would require nice full tits of course)?
Grab em by the pussy, Donnie.
Women HATE you.  LOL
President White Trash Grab them by their #######, what do you know about anything female? @FLOTUS can't stand you and you know it.
Hey Donald, it's Sexual Assault Awareness Month.  You are their poster boy no doubt! Are you celebrating in any way? 
Grabbing pussy is enlisting the full potential of women?
FAKE news
There  are 2 types of women: Some are prudent & good & deserve upgrades in life. Some, conniving backstabbers deserving not
god only knows what you whispered and attempted to do that day
Future belongs to women. It may help if president Trump creates a new  Fed Agncy "Women Welfare" lead by a moderate young woman - eye on2020
Let the American women see your taxes
Stepford wives every one of them. #grabthembythepussy is your quote, guess they forgot.
Teach men the correct way to do it? :D
Yes. By grabbing them by the pussy because you think you can yeah?
Invite Mrs..Carson play the piano in the White House,
@jensen2373 Or let the dumbasses who think Islam is the way, discover their fate...
So photoshopped. Stop spreading #propaganda #deplorable
How about this one?
Haters!!!
THE Democratic Progressive Party has ALWAYS BEEN THE BEST & They R still the Champions!  Seconded by Sharia Law Supporters.
Defunding Planned Parenthood reduces the ability of women in our society to reach their full potential.
What good does it do to have women in the workplace if the only part part of them you won't shake is their hands?
OH REALLY???
Women AROUND you need "...grit and courage...". Remember Billy Bush??? Yeah....fake news, right?
God bless you papa for your great job.

"...enlisting the full potential..."
Women are a resource to be used...good to know.
Wording matters. Language matters.
You only mean your daughter. For the rest of us, you are fine with out rights being taken away.  Because you dont care.
"Grab them by the pussy" to "enlist the full potential". How far you've come.
You want to grab women in their most private area and then say this? Uh, no. No one believes you think think. No one.  #NeverNormalizeTrump
Grab 'em Don the Con! Explain how you screwed their health care & offer equal pay! You #bullshitting #fraud - couldn't lie straight in bed!
ARE YOU KIDDING ME???? This must be an early April Fools joke. Unbelievable a known predator would post this.
yeah you know all about realizing the full potential of women, right pervert?
. Nice!!!! MR. President
Especially  White well dressed and behaved women! Bravo Big Guy!
Trumps tired of men doing all the work
The 2 syllable putz definitely isnt making the English language great again. Trump has the orator abilities of an 8th grader. Enlisting?
Youd think a Wharton grad could speak better, right?
You could speak better than 2 syllable inarticulate Buffoon Trump. But since his followers have the intellect of 8th graders he doesnt worry
practice what you preach
FYI Trumpy, your hand is not the key to our potential. The so called "president" is a #pussygrabber  #SoCalledPresident
...I get it.  April Fool's,  right?  #nicetry #notfoolinganyone
You're a phony tyrant @realDonaldTrump
Leftist driven false narrative that women are repressed,Truth&Cause > Decades of Lib Entitlement Policies Weakening Esteem
You just gotta grab those ladies and recognize their full potential. With your power they will let you do anything. 
And grabbing them the pussy. Don't forget the most important thing you have done to empower women
@sluggoD54 I agree, the hand that rocks the cradle can influence a nation!! #AmericaFirst #MAGA 
But but but....Trump hates women? Left is hysterical over President Trump! Throwing Temper Tantrums as our President Makes America GREAT?
YOU ARE A FARCE
All of You persecuting are hypocrites! Who on earth has never said anything sexual about another human? If not, then throw the first stone!
You make women's skin crawl.
You are so good. A very dear friend referred to the way U always talk. She said it's like you're sitting in the living room, talking to us.
As long as they look good, right? You are such a joke!
Women equality is one of the most important value of US society. It should be fully embraced by any US citizen or legal immigrant
As if non of us have ever made remarks before. So what's your beef with #DonaldTrump
Thank you for recognizing the basic human rights and personal dignity of women.  America will be great if women are not objectified.
Awww you let ivanka throw a lil tea party. Was it weird w all those total strangers' pussies there? Did you grab a few for old times sake?
Use them as suicide bombers, good job in Russia today
GRAB EM BY THE PUSSY!!!
He's my President.
Dude, this is hilarious!  Grab them by the potential!!
Grabbing them by the pussy!
Please Help me and my business! I can't even get a loan because I'm a woman!!
And..... nobody believes this!
as long as you don't grab 'em by the pussy!
You can't do that but I didn't meaning and disrespecting women #misogynist
http://bit.ly/2lQX2DJ 
#iPhone #MoveTheBall #MoveTheBallClassic Tim Tebow #AmericaIsOverParty
is that why you are rolling back healthcare for women?
