Nice one
Great job indeed
Know how to get RINOS to hate OCare? Make them live with it! DAMMIT! @Scavino45
Wake up..so I pay your ocare?
Ein artiges Dankeschön
erfreut den Leser Ihrer tweets
have a nice day in november
NYC
#WorstPresidentEver #WorstPresidentEver
Donald why don't you tell all the NFL to kneel then maybe they would do the right thing and stand
And all the Russian Mafia money you stole is  given to Puerto Rico because your not gonna need it in jail anyway, that how you say goodbye
Ojala sigan asi

Cool
Who else has a big jet that could carry a lot of manpower and equipment down to that thing surrounded by ocean water?  YOU! Serve others!
Seriously?  Just American?  I would say DELTA and others also lead humanitarian efforts....Trump needs to broaden his scope.
A selfportrait study, h2oil on canvas... About life size! ;)
At least he knows how to do his job #presidentisanasshole
American flights with Hurricanes are tremoundous Achievement. Congrutulate president Trump.
Please provide a check upon Muslims instead inviting North Korea China indulged in third world war in National integration at this stage?.
Ia very good all Job that does @TeamTrump & others U.S Departments also is wonderful the Support that have with Puerto Rico for example.
#FAKE POTUS
Let's get out there like Soo many people have said" we wouldn't let Trump run cartel , feed chickens, sweep a floor, he paid to get in
What a self-centered greedy person
Not finale worldy
Now that's how a Real Leader shows his appreciation.  No medals or picture ops, just public thank you.
Trump why do you open mouth and insert both feet. Act like a president, you are not. You are beginning to make me regret my vote.

Whats this about Price flying around in privates jets? #taxterrorism

Thank god it wasn't @united -they probably would have had the survivors beaten to death

Trump to cut tax rate for wealthiest Americans after promising he wouldn't: report http://hill.cm/K5vfiVK  
Hey Owen I'm wanting to expand my knowledge on politics and learn more about what's happening in my country so what are some good sources
R0CK 0N ,,, THATS SUPER NICE
REMEMBER Y0U ARE THE BEST,, I HEART EVERYTHING Y0U D0
Except for PR. O yeah, they don't have flights over there. Nice work..can you even keep up with the news????
#notmypresident. You lied!!!!
Need to get rid of the Red Cross from victimizing ppl after Harvey in Texas! https://youtu.be/GfiFvFKNt3Y  Drain the Swamp! They're Obamas pets!
Legalize marijuana #dosomethingforthepeople #boostyourratings
Get help to PR as fast as you can!  The media already blaming you!
God bless you!
GOOD TO KNOW
AMERICAN AIRLINES MY COMPANY. PRESIDENT DONALD J TRUMP MY PRESIDENT!  Thank you God!!
NFL disrespects the Flag? Come on man! You do everyday by pretending to be  a president # sad
Why aren't you letting them fly in there?
Trump has a plane.
Listen what about Puerto Rico? $$$$ what you dont like brown people ?
Get Fema online -website broken
Our families need the emergency help now.  S.O.S
Thank you American Airlines!
FLY AMERICAN!!
Where is your donation to the victims? Did you forget already? Liar Liar Pants on Fire....
Thank you Mr. President. Praying for you sir. Keep up the good work. Fight the good fight.
They did it for the people there,
Not you #sadman
what are you doing to help Puerto Rico, dummy?
We need@flights out of PR please
PRESIDENT TRUMP,stop your talk on NK,YOU ARE PUTTING THIS COUNTRY AT WAR,
And what are YOU doing for PUERTO RICO ? #PuertoRico
Deport me
Sure...
When Hillary gets elected President, then we'll talk about your crap Donald
#WhatAboutPuertoRico?
What about #PuertoRicoRelief? #Dotard
No, not really true. More needs to be done.
@planetmoney @BOTUS why didn’t you buy AA? During trading hours, direct reference to company, positive message
#PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico #PuertoRico
that was nice what did you do?
You are welcome. Mr. President
Who's actually running the country whilst you continue to tweet ?
same airline that TRIPLED cost of tickets when mandatory evacuation was declared and only lowered fares AFTER a lady posted on social media
Please encourage Utilities power companies to send hands to help restoring electricity and water?  When are you planning to visit Pto. Rico?
PR and Virgin Islands need helicopters to reach isolated towns in need of water, food, gas, electric generators, air ambulance etc.
What about Puerto Rice and the Virgin Islands? Where is the disaster aid relief for them?
Finally a statement befitting the president
Good for AA! Now, what the hell are you going to do about Puerto Rico and the USVI? Those American citizens need help NOW!
@americanairlnes American Airlines I always fly you and will continue to do so!
Does that include the over $800 non direct flight I had to buy from TPA to PHL to get my son out of harm's way?  AA should not be lauded
Yep, they picked up the slack because you're too busy tweeting
Russia.
Done more than you
Where's your help
Obama was the number one tourist in this country chew on that bud!
Pound sand
Your son hates you
As if you care

Here's how to help people in Puerto Rico, aka fellow Americans in a world of pain right now http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/puerto-rica-hurricane-irma-maria_us_59c7f699e4b06ddf45f89c7a?oxn …
Hurricane relief is desperately needed thank you @AmericanAir!
High Hopes
Why are you singling out American Airlines? Did they pay you to do that? Most airlines went out of their way to help evacuate people.
NFL. Thugs should visit Graves in africa,europe,Germany,India,China Burma even Japan, then give them a choice. Shot or Hung
Perhaps you could thank AA by getting your cabinet to book their flights there?
Crook
Now we just need to get American Airlines to respect our active Military.
Shut your cake hole you've been golfing while they have been working "Dotard"
@joann_sereal You are nothing but a Liar, RACIST, Supremest, and a right wing IDIOT!!! Stop lieing to your base and the American people!!
Why didn't Air Force 1 help out?
#jetblue airlines capped prices at $99 out of Florida when the hurricane was coming
先日の演説ありがとうございました。

皆が幸せに成れるような経済学システムができると良いですね。
1 love
Unlike you...where's the million you were to donate.
They didn't do it for you
Get a damn grammar coach. I thought 'W' was stupid but damn man, my five year old granddaughter loves to play "correct the orange man".
Hey Dumpy Trumpy with the tiny baby hands, you're a fucking moron.
yes kudos.
Where are all of your private jets helping evacuate people.

I love my president. I despise #nflplayers who won't stand for the flag. They have chased me away. #BoycottNFL #NFLOwners
Quit
Yes thank you so much! So affordable!
OMG!!! 
Donald it takes everyone to get involved to help these areas get back on their feet !  Praise those who help
Sure with AA raising prices by 500% for flights to PR. They are as greedy and cold hearted as you are #MariaPR
I like presidents who win.
have you thanked #Delta or #JetBlue or spoken to Gov Padilla? offered aid? visited?
.@realDonaldTrump these tweets are helpful to our country.
#opposeATCprivitization
https://twitter.com/TruthSeeker____/status/911924922657660928 …
BREAKING NEWS A Trump Tweet that doesn't  attack anyone, divide people, and actually contain a fact AND also a real compliment!! Wow #Trump
Dear MSM - Our President is also acknowledged and appreciated job well done - on Twitter
I know ppl who tried to fly out of Miami and American Airlines raised the prices ridiculously.
They make Christopher Columbus proud, them kneeling in recognition of conquest.
Mtikvhjucv
Wake up Trump supporters his a con man bum.  You have been played.
We are going to need healthcare when Trump finishes riding on the backs of the American people and from taking our money for his own.

Thank you President Trump for everything you are doing.I pray for you everyday and I won't stop.Keep encouraged  Deplorables have your back
Idiot
Oh, nice pimp job Trumpy, Do you have some kind of financial stake in these two? Meanwhile, What are you doing about Puerto Rico?
تسلم


Thank you Mr President for taking the obvious correct  but difficult stance on everything!
@JetBlue was actually a REAL hero! Capped flight prices at a reasonable number from Florida. Didn't jack them up like other airlines. 
Señor trump en vez de pensar en guerra piense en todo lo que está pasando en el mundo. Viejo egocéntrico y mal encarado
Americans help no matter what idiot is in power.They not you are good people
What is your plan to help all of our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico?
Where was your private jet?
When are you sending the US army of engineers to Puerto Rico along with some military???? What is being done? They need your leadership now!
And government where was she a
#ArentYouInJailYet?
