you don;t read, lol
I look forward to when your treasonous butt will be tossed from the WH #impeachTrumpnow
Looking forward to your impeachment.
Reading. HAHAHA
@realDonaldTrump is a treasonous traitor and puppet of Putin
The Sector is already struggling because the last tariffs priced the market out of reach.@
He reads?!? Wait! Donny reads?!? Holy shit. I'm impressed. Well, our little Putin Puppet is a talented little manchild! #RussianCollusion
Action? You mean an unconstitutional executive order?  Waste of time.
Of course someone else is writing this. It's a last ditch effort to make him "appear" presidential. Rest assured, we aren't fooled.
That will be difficult for you since the most you can read is 140 characters. I guess you'll have someone read it to you over 2 scoops.
Reading? You reading? That's hysterical! Thanks, we needed that laugh today! #TrumpReads #WhatAJoke
Trump has balls of steel
And a heart of ice.

Liver probably coal-powered.

And nothing but gold in his mind.
Read? Did you say read? Now that's funny? Is it going to be a comic book?
You mean you look forward to see what Fox News will say about it and then take whatever action makes you and your family the most money.
Maybe you won't read it considering what all of your friends have been up to!
Attention SnowFlakes...Summer is coming and You are already Melted!
My degrees out shine your HS diploma.  I wasn't aware Twitter required MLA standards.
You have multiple degrees and that's the best you've got? Snow melts in the summer?
Regarding your opinion...
Way to show off those degrees
Color me impressed! That's some highbrow intellectualism right there.
I make more in a quarter than you make all year.  Intellectual and Successful so sit down.
Ha! Sure you do. We are all so impressed by your superior intellect and your massive income. We should all stop thinking & listen to you
Fine. You look forward to that Donald. 
What I LOOK FORWARD TO, IS YOUR IMPEACHMENT! Then America WILL be GREAT ONCE AGAIN!
I despair waiting for Donald's Impeachment "Orange Head Liar" Trump.
MAGA
MAKE AMERICA GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE!
Thank you for your leadership @realDonaldTrump 

#AmericaFirst
This trip was a total Home Run!

Great job @realDonaldTrump 

#MAGA
#DrainTheSwamp
His first and LAST trip. He's embarrassed the US and put us in more danger than ever before  #LockHimUp
Careful what you say you'll do, that's a lot of reading
If it doesn't have his name or say how wonderful he is he won't make it through the first paragraph.
I can't help but smile as I imagine him sat on the toilet at 3am with the report in hand trying to comprehend the executive summary
Lol!
Why don't you read what the Pope gave you first. I wouldn't break a promise made to the man with a direct line to God.
You can read??
#Amazing
#TrumpTheIdiot
#TraitorTrump
#TrumpRussia
#ImpeachTrump
You should be reading our Constitution and what your responsibilities as President Are! You are embarrassing this great nation!
better get someone to read it to you...will take you days.
You mean you look forward to someone reading it and then condensing it to a 3 line PowerPoint.
You are corrupt all the people around you is in bed with Russia and you too release your tax returns
Lol. You read?
As long as it's 1 page and has a lot of pictures, I assume?
I'm sure he's typing in "steel and aluminum trade" on audible as we speak.
Demand for aluminum soars as rabid hysterical lefties demand impeachment (on tin foil hats)
Deuteronomy 31:6
Be strong and of good courage, do not fear nor be afraid of them; for the Lord your [1/2]
Read? Did you say read?
You read?
I live in Pittsburgh PA I hauled steel for the mills in the valley here for 40 years and I'm so glad to hear what you're trying to do for the Steel Industry and keeping America secure..Thank you...we never would have won world war two without Steel  from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania
You read?! BAHAHAHA Joke of the century lmao Not all of us are illiterate  SHEEPLES like the ones who voted for you!
Haters will keep on hating! Personally did not follow #BHO. Had no desire to Follow a Muslim Marxist Socialist. Nor did I bash him on here!

Can you read?
So very butthurt.
I look forward to fucking this country up for y'all while I profit off of everything. Make Russia Great Again Komrades!
Another liberal idoit
How Cute. My old alzheimer addled trumpet is trying to use twitter. Shame she can't spell idiot. I guess she can't admit what she is. Sad.
Don't bother replying to anymore of the traitors tweets, he has been told not to tweet anymore craziness so his staffers are tweeting...
Trump & the whole of GOP knows he's in serious trouble for criminal offences of obstruction justice. they're all on their best behaviour...
oh! except for some GOP members who like to body slam reporters just for asking a question. i guess that republican fool didn't get the memo
Impeachment day crawling ever so closer #TheResistance can watch and wait with great excitement and patience #EveryDogHasTheirDay
#TraitorInChief Not even your false god you pretend to pray to or wackjob most staunch & delusional supporters can help you this time.
Bunch of clowns, after this i doubt the republican party will occupy the whitehouse again for a great deal of time to come #WeWillRemember
I geeze i don't know... uggghhh ....ummmm ....YEAH!
The whole family of trumpsters are a bunch of crooks, my god! lock them all up and swallow the key.
Thats our POTUS ! 
HA!  Couldn't read a Ziggy comic without moving his lips, this could take a while.
I look forward to reading the @CommerceGov 232 analysis of steel and aluminum- to be released in June. Will take major a...
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
LOL...I look forward to the #trumpimpeachmentparty 
YES!

Lol!
You really do not read anything less than 140 characters do you?
but... you can't read m8
You won't read it. You will just get briefed by "FOX and Friends" when they talk about it
Aw, I research things, not have them fed to me.
Love it that a decisive Private Sector mentality & big talent are now in charge & it's driving most lazy establishment Gov't workers crazy!
A talent for deception, distraction, manipulation and Making America Hate Again.

SAD! that's the best you got let me hear TRUE facts regarding President Obama. I'll wait I know most of you have an issue with REAL HISTORY.

Winning?  What? When?
.
Anxious and optimistic!
#MAGA
You made me sick, actually. Who shoves anyone, let alone a prime minister, to get in front for a photo?  MORE PATHOS.
True. That was absolutely sickening. It sucks having a so-called President that is such an embarrassing, Ugly American.
You are blind as well as deaf.
You "look forward to reading"? :D
Ha! We know you don't read more than a page.

You can't read. We all know this, and can find you a great literacy program near you. Resign so we can a literate president.
Wait? You can read? I call bullshit.
You can read?
Make sure you make some money for your comrade #deripaska
we would love to hear you read and disiminate the contents.
Yeah right, like you actually read 
Yassss! Go trump
You steel did not win the popular vote.
looking forward to action Robert Mueller, FBI and Senate Intel Committee continue to take. You, Ross and Bank of Cyprus. you're all screwed.
Ha ha! You don't read!
Like buying Russian steel?
Enjoy your last few days as president because the Russians are coming to testify against you!
Will you tear down you buildings and rebuild with American Steel?
Are you still relevant?  I had hoped by now you'd be in a secure ward
You? Read? That's a load of bullshit and you know it. Fake news!
lol You don't take the time to read shit like that. All you do is watch Fox News and tweet.
Will the analysis be 1/2 page max with bullet points and a map?
Who are you f**king kidding, #Trump?! You're gonna "read" this like I'm gonna read "The Art of the Deal."
You? Read? Bwahahaha #fakepresident #GLOTUS
Calling all alchemists! Your president wants to take major action and turn aluminum into gold. And shhh! It's a secret, contact Jared only.
Is it going to be in picture book form?
Cmon we know you can't read! Maybe a staffer can draw you a comic strip!
Cruise missile job is POMPUS?
What will you stock up on Chinese steel?
You don't have the attention span to read a report like that!
Are Camarade @jeffsessions in colaboration with Putin and Castro to keep Cuba and Puerto Rico without real democracy and under segregation?


Don't u mean u look forward to someone reading & explaining it to u? If it is longer than 1 sentence u r lost. Senile old conman.
Oh come on. We all know The Don can't read! #potusisanidiot
Did you read the CBO of your Trumpcare bill? Will you take major action if necessary? PS. It's necessary.
Yeah, as long as it's only 1 page, in bullet points, with your name on each line... and doesn't interfere with your golf. #LaziestPresident
You can't read, remember? Oh no, you can't remember, you have dementia. You'll take action when Bannon & Jarrod tell you to sign your name.
You don't read diddly squat!
"Reading." Good one.
Oh, yeah...like that's gonna happen, LOL
I hope there a pictures to explain the hard stuff to you
The idea of you reading something of substance is the funniest thing that I have heard in quite some time.  Hysterical.
Who will
be reading that to you?
Come on, nobody believes you are actually going to read something.
Lol like anyone actually believes you'd look forward to reading anything.
We all know you don't read.
Not don't read.....CAN'T read 
"ਧੰਨ ਧੰਨ ਸਤਿਗੁਰ ਤੇਰਾ ਹੀ ਆਸਰਾ,
The Great wall of China is the only recognizable structure from space, like America's will be, close up too.
You read?
I don't know if it's possible to learn how to read in two weeks. Might want to check into a kindle.
Like the coal mining jobs you promised? 
Failing #DimwitDon claims he "looks forward to reading..." Another cowardly lie. This putz can barely read. Lowlife con man.
How the hell are you going to do that when you can't read. 
Who are you kidding? You don't read. Can you even read?
Ha!! You? Read? That's hilarious!!
You cannot read more than 140 characters!
I think we can all agree that we are thrilled to hear that you're able to read. It's been pretty touch and go.
We have ALL come to the realization that you can barely read 140 characters at a time ... I'll give you third grade level ... never a paper
Fuck
Books on tape?
Fire Cohn, Gen Kelly and Priebus.
Liar. You can't read. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #ImpeachTrump #MarchForTruth #TheResistance #DonTheCon
What about your Russian connection? Citizens have a right to know if our country is being run by Putin and his friends.
Like you can read. Lol
Are they putting it out as an audio book? We all know you can't read Donnie.
Trump you don't know how to read you mean you'll have Melania read it to you, she's bored of you by the way!!!
Reading haha ... we know you can't read!!! Stop trying to fool Americans. You're the most incompetent president ever!!!
And where did the steel come from for your D.C. hotel again?
You know how to read?? Lol
Phony @realDonaldTrump no credibility, no moral conscience clock is ticking
I didn't know DT could read !?!
Do you even know how to read? Doubtful.
YOU DON'T READ. #whatAJoke
You can't change the subject by talking about aluminum, about which you know less than nothing and not capable of learning anything.!
IMF IS ANOTHER "SLUSH FUND" WHR AMERICA BENEFITS LEAST & OTHERS MORE. U NEED OVERSIGHT, NOT JUST "REPORTS".ALL WL LIE. FIRE ALL RINO&BHO @ U
Yes Sir. I'm with you!
I'm waiting!
Too late now
Aww Donnie... good one! *snort* Way to make light of the fact you're practically illiterate.
"Reading."
Thank you very much.
Do u even know what steel is? :D
You can't read. .....!!!!!!!!!
I believe everyone has forgotten he cannot read a brief more than 1 page long; wonder if he will even be finished by June?
Wait...you can read?
President Trump please help me change pathologies. The Sub-Epidermal System
will provide a change. Studies will be part of procedure.
Is it in picture book form?
Can you? Read that is.
#RESIST #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpRussia #TrumpPutin 
#TrumpLiar
#TrumpTraitor
#GOPTraitors
#sHaLloWstAtE
You're not reading that.
Trump.  Do you actually read,?  Certainly not the Constitution.  And certainly not the crappy health care bill.
Muslims so they need to not hate them anymore.
You might've in jail by June. #LOSER
best major action you can take, no need to wait till june.  STEP DOWN NOW before @impeachment.
You're not fooling anyone.   We know you can barely read.
You'll do EXACTLY what you always do: bloviate, obfuscate, and procrastinate. You ultimately will do NOTHING. You haven't "saved" a job yet.
Welcome back you made us proud
Wait....You can read??????
Alu is softer than steel. That ends today's lesson, tomorrow we'll cover round peg square hole!
Oh you actually read. #newsflash

You don't read Don.
You've never read so much as the back of a  cereal box.  Who are you trying to kid.
You mean you'll wait until someone at Fox News reads it and tells you what they think it says and then you'll take action if "necessary".
But donny boy. You can't read. Sad. Big loser. You can't walk either. Low energy donny! Report wont contain your name, you'll lose interest!
you? reading? LOL
You read things?
Since when do you read (especially something not about you)?
You don't read
LOL Do U even know how to read? Have U even read the disaster called the TrumpCare bill
Delusional Donnie kids to prison while he fiddles about burning down Rome!
Little Ivanka Don Jr Eric all to prison with Jared for yr crimes?
How many more 2 jail 4 U, Delusional Donnie?
Nixon had 48 White House staff jailed while U go for a new record!
Obama had zero!
U R a loser!
Yr trade ignorance typical of pathetic ill preparation & no qualifications 2 govern!
Yr lousy leadership!
Yr terrible decisions!
DUMB!
SAD!
