You trust Assange more than you trust American intel.
And rightfully so!
.@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews you belong in the ecuadorian prison with Assange!
/When 17 inteligence agencies tell DJT there's evidence of Russian hacking, He's like....
Funny how you didnt trust him then and do now.
You know all about dishonesty.
Need a new VA Secretary. When us that one being announced? The current one needs to go.

YOU ARE THE KING OF DISHONESTY
And yet he won the presidency...shows who is right and who is wrong...try again snowflake.
just pay attention people and you will see and hear how much they lie. It's not news anymore. Its a docu-drama!
As opposed to your record of perfect honesty.  Not.
To be fair, I'm sure it's tough to get a "True" rating if you never utter a complete, coherent sentence.
Yes.  It's unpresidented.
#Rigged.
True, there is no more dishonest media than @FoxNews & @seanhannity . Odd that the President Elect  cozies up to TRAITORS
2017 is going to be amazing :)
Praise kek, babe. :)
i do agree 90% of medi dishonest with own agenda
get away from this guy Pres Trump. He is bad news
Trump you are hypocritical
vague
Mr President to be, you must investigate his claims and help #FreeAssange. His children growing up without a dad bcse he told truth. #Trump
nope he is acussed of rape in Sweden and some of those accusations include minors. A bit like Don
Clearly, you arent up to date on your info. Using DNC as your news source again?
nope world news you fool. Check BBC, SKY (owns Fox) RT (Russian)..oh and consevative press. Numpty
Republicans=Trump=Putin=Russia
If you like Russia so much go with love!
Because Julian Assange and Fox are the mecca's of truth. Oh Man, you are really a traitor and a nut job

Crooked Media...
Despicable human behavior
praising Hussain Sajwani, a business partner in Dubai, at a New Year's Eve party in Palm Beach
I think I'm going to have to sell my house and move bc California is a cesspool.
hmm
Podesta leak is well established as a spearfishing of large number of anti-russian authors and govt figures
Were you just elected President of U.S. or appointed by Putin as Prime Minister of Russia?  Hard to tell.
http://www.cnn.com/2017/01/04/politics/kfile-trump-wikileaks/index.html …
#idiot
you're a pure disgrace to America!
i like that he is! Otherwise every news agency makes up what he's doing or thinking
you don't get it do you??  This is an awesome way of connecting directly with the people.
More Transparent than any other candidate in history.
why do you care?
We know. Media colluded w HRC. We are tired of the corruption.
Actually the media kept showing Trump coming unhinged saying the crap he said.Truth hurts.
Your daily reminder that you are a popular vote LOSER. #TheResistance
I know you have that poster in your crying room.  #trumpsincharge
You are so right! Here's the mug I use to collect all my salty liberal tears. #TheResistance
drink up #trumpsincharge
friendly remainder America didn't want the Russian puppet
Nobody wanted that old mule Clinton, get over it....
Well, actually the fact is more ppl voted for Clinton than Trump.
Delusional, where are you getting your news? We hates Clinton, so do MANY others.
#ClintonStealsFurniture 
#DemocrapsDumberThanDirt
pardon him m8
He's a RUSSIAN AGENT!!!
Why do you even think that?
You want me to explain it to you? Sorry, I'm not the Dumbass Whisperer.
I'm asking you to explain your thought process, not to convince me (because you can't).
I know I cannot convince you, nothing short of Trump himself coming out and saying it would convince you, right?
I wouldn't believe Trump if he said it either, because I know better.
You are using the words of a criminal, serial liar & sexual predator to attack the CIA & FBI. You are a traitor.
do you really think the CIA and FBI are telling you the truth?
over assenge, wiki leaks, trump and Russia? Yes
Wikileaks has a perfect record.  Those accusations don't change that.
Wikileaks has a track record of being a tool for Putin & endangering innocent lives. Bye.
