God bless President  Trump!
1. Name a world conflict 2. Wait for anything good to  happen  2. Take credit 3. Tweet
Sounds like our manbaby

America has been at war ever since it started hmmmmm history hhhmmm
Syrian ceasefire seems to be holding. Many lives can be saved. Came out of meeting. Good!...
Fire and power like the world has never seen before is scary. Nuclear bombs on Japan were bad enough and now you threaten even more!
Not!
Mr. President please come with practical solutions to save the lives of Children's of Syrians. Please please do your best Mr. President
god save
Mooch shd put a list on social media of WH accomplishments
Impeach Trump 2017
Liar
All the above
If you don't get Soros out of our country you will never survive deep state
President Trump ...Greatest president ever!
Let's recap. On 04/06/17 you fired $60 m of missiles into Syria but you can't afford to allocate 0.0014% of the DoD budget to trans troops.
President Trump,thank you for being our president.the liberals on this page are to ignorant to know what is best for them.Be careful

This was your input into the  progress in Syria
That is so cute
You are liars
Why not just let them kill each other lol its there culture monkey race lol
Syria just dropped bombs two days ago...
Russia has bombed the Assad opposition into Oblivion not much more for them to do
Be careful.  Constantly patting self on back could dislocate shoulder.  U really do love yourself don't you? Sad.
Well if this not fake news coming out of your mouth, One for you!  CONVINCING PUTIN TO TELL AL-ASAAD TO STOP KILLING WOMEN, AND CHILDREN. 
Did you do what you promised Vlad?
Smart move. Keep peace, let them rebuild. We need to focus on our allies.
Wirh Putin hummmmmmmm convenient
@VoteTrumpPics
Keep up the good work. God Bless you
Idiot
Get rid of those ridiculous spineless republicans. Real shame republicans can't do their job
We really do need a language test for our Presidents.  This gibberish is an embarrassment to the language of Shakespeare.
Your contribution ugly Ralph:
https://goo.gl/images/GWRxBF 
You are a caveman.
Putin trying to make you look good. Gee, wonder where we've seen that before.
Ceasefire goooood.
Equally up wimans rights
₩_^ء¤8^6=غ:22؛$تغضغؤلذ ع^
Thank the Lord that we have a great leader like you
YEAH  PUTIN, SERIAN LEADER AND YOU, WHAT A TRIO. KILLING YOUR 'LITTLE' PEOPLE.  WE SEE HOW YOU THINK FOR REAL.
Many characters left.  No need talk like Tonto.  You try make good Tweets in future.  Still sucky President.  Have good day.
Many lives can be save if you let refugees in!
Your grasp of grammar is mind blowing! Also,let's stop bragging about something that's less than a month old! Presidents don't don't brag!
Yeah go trump
I know that you negotiated this and THANK YOU SO MUCH MR. PRESIDENT TRUMP.  YOU DID A GREAT GREAT GREAT JOB TOO!!!!
Keep up the good work!
Mr. President what about Venezuela we are your neighbors, we even are americans too and you care about the syrians
It only accounts for %2-3% of the entire region that is fighting it's a start but Putin just throwing U a bone
Outstanding mr president.
Thank you Mr President
Idiot.
President Obama was an excellent President. You should be more like President Obama and less like you.
This is good news
Thanks Prez!! #MAGA
You should let a third grader write your tweets, the quality would bump up for sure.
Be careful,  could be the calm before the storm.
@greeneyes0084 daddy trump I plead wit u in d name of yaweh Elohim to help let justice ring it bell let biafrans go daddy !
Thank you POTUS! You are enraging the libs by saving lives around the world & saving America at the same time! #libbedwetters #americafirst
Lets pray it can last more than a week
isn't the ceasefire in Assad's back yard? Why didn't you use you massive negotiation skills to get one where it counts?
You failed to mention the ceasefire was for southern Syria only, which has seen limited fighting since 2015
Great job.
How come you have such a limited vocabulary?
Wait and see. Don't boast so much fool. Anything can turn on a dime.  Give them a year then say it's holding.
What do Putins nuts taste like?
Welcome in Paris and have good days in our town and in our country.

Didier DOYON 
95170 Deuil La Barre 
Île de France Area
All thebetter for usto remove heads ISIL
Syrian ceasefire seems to be holding. Many lives can be saved. Came out of meeting. Good!
I can't call Ovomit my President. He was born @ raised in a most unamerican way-in Muslim Indonesia. And his claim to fame here is racism.
I'm happy, but I knew you could do it!
You are a straight forward businessman and I love the way you do business.
Did Putin finish on your face or in your ass?
Proud of you!!  Praying for your safey.Also for health care,husband needs health care,really bad!
Unfortunately for Trump and the beleaguered Syrian people, that ceasefire was broken in dramatic fashion barely 48 hours after it began
One day?  Let’s talk in a month.
You are taking credit for this! Good God!
GREAT ACHIEVEMENT between you & Mr Putin! Wonderful news
SO WONDERFUL SIR. THANKYOU
And you influenced this how?!
Wow.. a tiny region far from the fight has a cease fire. Nice work, DOTUS.
Thank you President Trump
https://youtu.be/HGg6WFqbNek 
It's sad that most Republicans should go out the door right along with all the Democrats
Stop spreading bull pucky
You suck
Save the world.
Thanks to great President Trump!! God bless you Sir!! MAGA!!
You lie!
You are distroying ACA the USA on purpose.
Greed nepotism revenge hate.
25th Amendment. Quit while it's easy!
Dumpy Corrupt Trumpy
Thank god for Putin huh?! His power made it happen!
Please. Stop. Talking.
Tock...
How much more transparent can one be? I love you Donald.
Excuse me sir I should say President Trump with a snappy salute.
I don't know what you are doing in Syria yet we have worse off countries here in Africa!!!!
You work so darn hard, you shouldn't have to come home to this stupid hearing stuff from the Liberals.
Perfect job!
Won't last...  just like your run as President.  Getting popcorn ready for the impeachment and hopefully the following treason trial.
Yeah. How long until you go back on it and start dropping bombs over there at random?
What ceasfire?   Sad.
Thanks
Great news mr president
Great President 
Glad we let them all die over there! Whoooo.


Wikileaks Exposes It Was HILLARY Who Met Secretly with a Foreign Ambassador. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inZCiimQJac … 
Lol  trump supporters
What about your son's meeting with that Russian attorney in an attempt to collide with the enemy? Prison would be good!!
Oops was supposed to say 'collude'
What about changing providing "lethal weapons" to Ukraine for defense against illegal Russian invasion to "appropriate assistance"?
You should be ashamed, as many many people will die because of your selling your soul to Putin/Satan.
That's Awesome,good came out of the G-20 Meeting.
Back tracking
Move forward don't look back
And yet you want to put a system in place which will kill off Americans who need Medicare, elderly, people with pre-existing conditions.
Not your doing.  YOU DO NOTHING
@PutinRF_Eng May the God of life bless you both for the lives you're saving! @POTUS
Killing a lot of Americans by not making ACA better.  Traitor and Putin lover leave.
You know five bucks for each like to a Trump tweet would be a good start on that wall let's (go fund that wall)
Seems to be? You mean you don't know for sure. What good are you?
You realize the US forces have no idea how to enforce or monitor this right?  Of course you do, you're the salamander and beef!!!
Each life is a god given gift. Saving the life matters the most. Peace leads to healthy and prosperous community, country and world. Tx T&P
I always appreciate the GOOD! BAD! or SAD! you put at the end of your tweets, Always a good help since I don't have personal emotions.
Thank you Mr President for working this deal out. Great job, it is always a win when we can save lives. Your doing a GREAT job. God Bless 
Thumbs up!!!!
So you're ok with leaving Assad in power? Fool.
?
Only on the Syarin side more of ur half ass work! You looked like a grade school kid in a high school class at the G20 summit. Laughing atU
They put you in the corner!
WRONG!  Are we winning yet, FAKE?
May God bless you and your family always Shalom President Trump!
Really?  Let's see the data.
#TraitorTrump
OK
The cease fire is BS and had no th ing to do with you, your boss thru you a weak bone. Do you even have a brain of your own ? TRAITOR
No so much.
Now guess who broke it
https://www.albawaba.com/news/syria-ceasefire-broken-rebels-reportedly-shoot-down-regime-aircraft-995794 …
You're the best.
What about securing areas in Syria for refugees to go home and help rebuild their lives...so cultures can be maintained and not confused
Too bad you're not concerned with saving American lives with a decent health care bill. #Notmypresident,#dumptheRUMP,#kcheetoman,#Donthecon
Very glad you met with Putin! We want to be friends with Russia!
Your president is the angel of saving America's economy How can you think about peace? The killing war will spell your economy
Why are you misleading Americans? The 'cease fire' is a very tiny part of Syria & it just so happens to encompass Assad's residence!....
Bottomline: Syrian 'cease fire' helps Assad more than the majority of embattled Syrians!! We are NOT stupid!!!
What about your boys emails Don? Pretty damming I'd say and not fake news either. The net is closing you embarrassing buffoon
But many have already been killed thanks to our foreign policy towards Syria and Assad. The CIA should be investigated for war crimes.
Just as soon as possible, the hundreds of thousands of Syrian Muslim refugees Obama secretly flooded into US need to be sent back to Syria!
Kelly Anne Conway put that CNN propagandist in his place. CNN anchors lie with straight faces, must have attended same LIE School as HRC.
It held for less than a day, halfwit!!
We are damned if we do or damned if we don't
Like I say can't they all just get along
ISIS was a tool! a tool in the hands of Obama Clinton CIA and the globalists to break yet another sovereign country! Globalist broke Ukraine
I have seen the photos coming out of Syria! People returning, thanks to Russia and Assad's forces, stop funding Al Nusra, and rebel terror
you cooperate with Russia better than you cooperate with your own country,
Not for long, Putin lies just like you. No wonder you're in bed together.
Great move !!!
well done Mr. President!  Careful now of Swamp War Mongers. They not like this.
