
Don't Want To Be !!!!
How safe do you think it is to have no health care? For children & old people not to get fed? @realDonaldTrump
How are you going to feed your children with all the factory closings. How do you turn the lights on if you have to import expensive electricity
You retrain factory workers for the jobs of the future - in green energy and other growth industries. You establish a govt program to put solar panels on as many buildings as possible. Automation closed factories, not @BarackObama - factory jobs aren't coming back.


and without proper leadership there can be no safety.....
We need a budget and not a continuing resolution.
you blasphemy what #AmericaFirst means. Cutting education, support for working class people, culture etc.

Y MST WE SK DMGE CNTRL 4 YR MTH THT MKS US MOR VLNRABLE 2 OTHR CNTRS. U LI ABT RPUBLCN ACCPTNCE OF UR H.C.. U  FAIL AS PRZ!
what a joke you think you are smarter then the average bear.  You may know business but you don't know govt.
That's okay he knows more than anybody else in government. Look at these fools In Congress. They ask for millions of documents to oversee the alphabet agencies doing and they don't even read a lot before they pass it. Which puts us in the mess in the first place.
I guess that means you need to move to Russia and become a citizen.  You expose us to danger.
A budget that puts #AmericaFirst must make safety its no. 1 priority—without safety there can be no prosperity: https://...
Not a good track record so far! Unbelievably bad!
God love you President Trump and keep up the great job you are doing for America 



We spend more on defense now than anybody  u do all u can to scare ppl to push your adj. u don't give a damn about USA
#alcoholawareness Without health and safety and wellness-Nothing matters Donald-Rethink the drink
#alcoholawareness Sober leadership must cut all ties to Alcohol interests
Each individual is responsible for his own health. If he wants to drink himself to death and to The poor House why is it Fed's responsibility?
Then you need to back off of eliminating many regulations. They were ENACTED, in many cases, for safety reasons. Corps will put  1st always
You have to be kidding. That's why Trump say you want to add a regulation take away 2. The majority of the Nations probably 70% over-regulation for the purposes of getting more money from the sheeple and created by the large corporations to get rid of their competition.
President Sex Offender would rather live a coward than die as an American
He never sexually offended anyone. Never raped anyone on my Bill and Hillary. Look at that Weinstein what a lech you have called friend by all the higher-ups Oprah Winfrey Hollywood Clinton's bushes. Trump never assaulted anyone
If you're so into america first, why are first time homeowners loans going up? Don't want americans to live here?
You want one guy to do everything all at once all the same time. That happened once. It is called the Big Bang.
JUST STOP TALKING. U R A LIAR & UR WORDS BLW AWAY AS GARBAGE. U MST REALLY HATE HEARING THE TRUTH FROM US, BUT U KP READING
what's in the budget for cybersecurity and what is your administration doing to stop Russia from influencing our Democracy again?
It never did. Check out A1 Brothers spy ring right in Congress running the IT department accessing all Congress. Debbie Does Washington Schultz is the ringleader. And you heard nothing about it on the fake news  propaganda MSM.



#HellerVoteNo
Prosperity?!? Tell that to the millions of us living paycheck to paycheck!
I'll give ya freedom of "expression". That's about it Mike. That ain't art. It's weird & weird comes frm a disturbed reflection of oneself.
Your a dictator !!
Seems to me the only one that's prospering is you and your family. Emoluments clause ring a bell?
Well as long as safety doesn't include healthcare or protecting our children from your war mongering right?
With h
With you as #POTUS there is no safety.

#ISupportAnIndependentTrumpRussiaProbe #TrumpRussia #RESIST
When you give up safety for liberty...
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
YES!
Without art,music,honoring our elderly and National Parks there is nothing worth making safe.
Except for the climate.
President Donald J  Trump America is safe with you Commander and Chief.
Donald, slow down. I know you're trying to make good on your promises, but.... Slow and steady makes for better choices.
I'm against abortion.
good on you mate. No other country puts Americans first. The believe America inferior
BRAVO!
Ryan needs to go you were set up.Use your own judgement, your President, he failed us all and made a fool of uou
plan ahead. Everything You touched so far has been screwed up
says the guy who in cahoots with Russia! You are seriously a deranged individual!
YOU, sir, have compromised the safety of our nation like NO ONE EVER has or would. #WorstPotusEver Not buying ur lies
but you cut funding for anti terrorist programs and anti safety protocols
NO MORE REFUGEES, BANNED ALL MIDDLE EAST COUNTRIES, UNTIL THAN IT WILL NEVER PASSED.
MR Trump could save America billions if we did not have to pay for his weekend getaways, family vacations 
There is inherent risk in a democratic society that I believe most will accommodate in order to be FREE. 2/2
reasonable safety, yes, but not your whackadoodle safety meant to give the Feds more power than intended. 1/2
I agree totally. No half measures. UNITE the Republican Party to act together or in 2018 you will lose big time.
If we can't afford a vacation, neither should they. Tired of paying for vacation I don't get.
Let a "common folk" take a look at it and guaranteed we would find where it's going!
Budget? You guys have no clue to a budget! Try getting someone who has to live on a tight budget daily!
Without good health, there can be no prosperity.
The only thing we're not safe from is YOU! Demented, lying old man, the only thing you're good at is bankruptcy and lies.
Safety starts with Americans
, without security there can't be prosperity and peace of mind!
Amen Mr. President
Congratulations.  You are the greatest president ever. Fake news is everywhere but the American people are with you 100%.
Nope. You got that wrong. Freedom first. Safety first is for wussbags. Grow a pair and become an American.
if safety is the priority, then why did u cut the coast guards budget lmao
Without funding for our culture, education, or science programs, there definitely will be no posterity
Like safety from polutants and climate change, right?
you really are "putin" America first.
I think he hates art I think he knows it is a lot of rich people out there that support the Arts my tax dollars shouldn't
sorry mr. President I think that conservative caucus really let us down you hang in there sir we'll try it again
like @realDonaldTrump's bill to put silencers and guns in the hands of the severely mentally ill.
Without healthcare there are no workers; without education no one can do the work; without roads no one can get to work
WE MUST DELIVER ON TAX REFORM!!! #MakeAmericaGreat
LIAR! Budget is a disgrace to the country & office of the President. You should be ashamed for cuts to the aged & disabled!
@GOP and without true access to healthcare, we aren't truly safe!!  Health IS NOT a consumer choice! #SinglePayer
: I agree, safety is vital from a common sense perspective, without over regulation & extensive environmental impact reports
Release your taxes for the safety of democracy
Since when do Americans shy away from danger when others are in need?
American's are more likely to die from lack of healthcare than a terror attack, but you don't really care about that.
gotta get tough on the border, stop the refugees, and kick the illegals out!
the best way to make America safe is to deport your miserable as back to Germany!
TRAITOR!!!!!!
A budget that puts YOU and your swamp friends first. Yeah, you heard me. Swamp friends. That budget is CRUEL.  #POTUSBully
Safety is irrelevant when we have nothing to protect! Who wants a country with no healthcare, no jobs, no EPA, no NPR, etc?
establishment republicans are just as bad as democrats
please step down
and fu%= the middle class
With starving seniors and no aftercare for children with working parents, we'll be dead or poor so it won't matter.
What about safety from disease?  You are too hung up on Muslims. They kill very few.
"America First! (right after Trump's businesses and Putin's interests)"
by the time you're finished, we won't have anything left defending. 
There can be no prosperity if all tbe money is spent on safety.
more reasons I want to join the force after my degrees and politics when older to make my country an anti corrupt state.
are you going to remove the 8million a week expenses for your golfing and family senseless activities?
blah blah
did Putin or President Bannon say that?

#Trumprussia
Mr President you are not giving our young men how to be a man and humble yourselves and still if not more respect
you actually know what a budget is?  I'm surprised
LIE.
#youlie the pipe line will not be #Americansteel #lockhimup
you should call it America Last, seeing how it only makes the narrow few richer and screws millions
Thank you for all that you have done and are trying to do. You didn't need this job , and we are greatful.
I hope that budget can save us from you #WeAreScrewed #YouWillDestroyUs
without roads and water supply, you will not have anything to stand on at the end of your term. Not a good look for a 2nd.
No sir , we already out spend every other country on military! Stop the nonsensical  rant..
Safety for fat cat CEOs to direct their companies to pollute while you make it easy? A budget that puts more into the war machine?
.@realDonaldTrump #dumpTrump #SavetheNEA #SavePBS
It's A MUST !
@POTUS Thank you for all you do to make our country safe
We already spend the most on the military in the world. Even more than the next 8 countries combined. Most are our allies.
.@realDonaldTrump #AmericaFirst is a #whitesupremacist slogan. Stop using it if you claim to be everyone's prez #amerikkka
Here is a thought. Let's stop all grant money going to Africa to rebuild their ecosystem medical facilities!
You are the biggest threat our country has ever faced!
BS.  There are no guarantees.  Profit comes from volatility and risk.
So pleased with the work ur doing.
Timforrest
@RallandK  Most of America reads, enjoys music, plays, museums, concerts and educational Tv as well as art.
This budget is cruel and stupid. You are cruel and stupid. Please step down. David Cameron was so right about you. Pathetic
I would like a $5 suck today
how can I get a job picking Grapes 
y is ok for the insurance co to say what meds they will pay for or that u need who is the dr
and a president psychopath who puts us all in danger... Priceless! #ImpeachTrump
All I wish...hijack a plane into Trump towers. That should teach him.
I hope he dies of natural causes tomorrow. That would be neat.
No safety in nukes.  Go visit hiroshima @hiroshima and read the nonnuclear proliferation treaty.
how about cutting back on your vacations and repurpose that money to the defense instead of cutting good programs
And safety means adding even more money to the already largest military budget on earth....ridiculous
.@realDonaldTrump if saftey is a priority why does your budget cut OSHA's training grants? #hypocrisy
as a person in industry w training grants from govt floating around, most are woefully inefficient boondoggles
fair enough, but isn't that an argument to strengthen the programs, and not cut them?
unfortunately the reality of how this $ gets dolled out would disgust u. More $, less well spent it is
Can't argue with that
miss u bro. 
I mean, you should be scared. You pissed off a lot of countries. Of course you want safety to be a #1 priority
"a budget that puts #AmericaRichFirst"  fixed that for you.
You know what would make us safer? STOP TWEETING!!!!!!
wrong answer Jacqueline
wrong don't you mean a budget that is beneficial for the wealthy and screws the poor
good luck in all you are trying to do. It seems like you have no one on your side.
leave office so we can be safe!
This is nationalistic b/s. Promoting private schools over public. Defense raise, Homeland Security raise. Nothing 4 social
that's what a real president does .. thanks president trump for taking care of our country and God bless you
But defining Safety is more difficult than anyone thought.
you mean Trump first, not America. Stop wasting our money on weekends in FL, Sec Ser in NY your kid can suck it up & move.
Your budget is bullshit and you know it.  Is #Americafirst code for #Trumpfirst ?  Oh, I'm sorry.  It's Drumpf right?
without you we'd have even more safety and prosperity, resign
I just hope the American people give you a fair Shake. And also just do a good job,
please repeal the usfspa. Take care of our veterans!
Please do not cut funds to IMLS! Reading is critical to success in life & libraries provide essential resources.
you put your interest #TrumpVacationsOnUs
we already spend 12xs more on our military  than any other country!
Job of the government is to keep America safe! 
u got it wrong. u think of yourself first than america
petty Donald cuts PBS funding because Sesame Street made fun of him. Can't take a joke! No temperament!
I'm a fan of these tweets
only way I can cope the next few years
safety also includes people being able to afford healthcare and funding our scientists so that they can eradicate diseases
so true.  Safety doesn't come from force or aggression.

@pewendt58  With. You. There. Can. Be. No. Prosperity!!
Good luck 40% enemy is ignorant Americans
