That's right. And you promised you'd release your returns so we could see who bought and paid for you. #ReleaseTheReturns #FakePresident
really?!! But you are still in campaign mode instead of working
Yes, & u lied the whole time that u were going to release them, knowing all along u had no intention in doing so.
oh no Mr President! Really? Why do you insist talk about crowd size etc..you got to be a leader and stop this petty BS!!!
Did you even read your previous post. The one from a couple minutes ago? #gaslighting
Someone should look into who paid who for you to "win" the election!!!!
The Supreme Court has roundly rejected prior restraint. U can't stop protest even if they are payed for by a 3rd party.
GEORGE SOROS..... IS THE CULPRIT.. HE'S DIABOLICAL AND HE'S THE WORLD ORGANIZER OF CHAOS!!!
Mr. President, the people were not paid. They were there by their own free will.
I got paid nothing.  Here's my homemade, hand-painted sign.
You seem to be operating under the mistaken notion that you're popular.
You lie! Anyone with true morals is doing h ir best to resist everything in life your hateful agenda.
Once again Mr. President u r exhibiting delusional tendencies. See a doctor please. I suspect early stage dementia.
We'd rather look into your taxes
Some spoiled one should stop wasting taxpayers $$ on weekend vacations. You absolutely are the worst @POTUS ever. #fakepresident #liar
I will gladly pay from my own pocket to let Washington know how I feel
It's not about election. It is about principles and honesty. Something @realDonaldTrump  lacks of.
Yeah those Nazis need serious investigation. #terrorism #MakeAmericaSafeFromRacists
Those rallies were small? What does that make your inauguration crowd?
#FailingAsPresident
Grow up. You big cheeto baby.
.@realDonaldTrump how fragile is your ego? Face it people don't need to be paid to protest you. It's not about the election it's about YOU!
Please stop using your personal agenda to try and persuade the way AMERICANS think!
Keep tweeting you traitor. We're on to you. The tape you sent to Russia is TREASON and your days are numbered
Also should look into who paid those nazi's who was punching women shouting we love Trump, Sieg heil!
I agree
No one paid anyone lol  people really do dislike you just that much
You blamed Obama for not being transparent and demanded his birth certificate and college transcripts! Release your tax returns U Hypocrite!
someone should look into your taxes, your wasteful golf spending, your collusion with Russia…your party is over!
@mcolfer7
only thing someone should look into is your taxes, russia ties and your multiple conflicts of interest.  oh, and nepotism.
Just who do you think is paying for us who protest you? Because I protest your existence every single day, freely! It's called Democracy!
Is this 4d chess? Many of these protests probably help Trump. He seems to be goading them on. Tax thing already backfired once with Maddow.
ntm he already gave his taxes to IRS if anything was there some whistle blower would have released it by now
Whatever is in his taxes is bad enough where he doesn't want to release them, but not so bad it's worth leaking.
I don't think he cares, but the free press and libsheep outrage from not releasing is priceless
plus when he does release them it will show MSM as asshats once again
he said in his book, say something crazy and media will put you on for free but they keep falling for it
The Maddow thing definitely worked out well for Trump.
yep
Aaand... it's time for another far right conspiracy theory from our Narcissist in Chief. @realDonaldTrump
Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!
I believe Tiffany is free--perhaps she can lead the investigation.
Those small rallies were the remaining pro Trump people. Did you see that there were much bigger protests to see your tax returns as well?
He isn't and shouldn't showing taxes if anything was amiss crooked Lerner and snoop obama would've leaked them by now 
If nothing is amiss, he should release them. He has the lowest approval rating in history because the majority of people don't trust him.
there is no law that says you have to release your taxes so until there is don't ever release your taxes just to spite them
Crooked under investigation IRS Lerner would've leaked them way b4 election if they would've hurt him & we know obama snoops
Yeah, election's over, but investigations are in full swing.
Lots of democrats are surely being investigated! Drain the swamp!
You elected a man to drain the swamp; he trucked in yard-acres of new swampwater.  You should be calling for him to do what he promised, too
He is replacing a ecologically diverse swamp with a deadly tar pit.
You cannot be serious… there were tons of rallies, and they were massive—bigger then your tiny inauguration.
Do you not realize this has absolutely nothing to do with the election? You PROMISED to release them. You haven't, making you a fraud.
…literally the only people still talking about the election are you & your goons who bring it up bc they can't defend anything you've done
What I want to know is who are paying for your tiny, sporadic counter-protests like these 5 people spotted in LA
You're the least transparent, most ethically challenged President in recent history
- no tax returns
- no visitor logs
- no blind trust
Obama released his birth certificate when you were the only one whining about it. Millions of Americans care about your corruption.
The LEAST you could do to build our trust is to release your full tax returns. What are you hiding? You lied about the blind trust…
Also you say someone should look into the rallies… what about an independent investigation into your Russian ties? Why so scared?
Oh little Donnie, keep pushing that silly "paid protestor" conspiracy theory
The real story is #Trumprussia
And that #TrumpColluded
#Treason
Plenty of those protesters have been paid I've seen the busses they roll up in!
Were they the same buses that brought all the illegal voters to NH?  If so, they really get around!
Okay I'll look into it, sir. *looks into it* Well I'll be. Turns out no one paid for the rallies. Will there be anything else, sir?
Try lying again "snowflake" Soros put the $ up fool, Bcuz u didn't get any...thats 2 bad 4 u..find ur safe-place & go whine about it
Blimey, I have never seen such a well constructed argument. Your use of logic and facts has astounded me. Bravo.
Can u tell me why Brits care? Shouldn't u B more concerned w/the in coming sharia law?
Q: Are u pro sharia or pro Magna Carta?
We care because the UK and US have a strong connection. What affects you, could affect us (like starting a war with NK).
When u joined the EU..u weakened ur connection w/U.S.
When u lost ur sovereignty u also lost a lot more in the way of rights..
I'm disappointed that we are leaving the EU.
Regardless, we will still get dragged into it if Trump starts a war. I don't want that.
U mean like we got dragged into WWI, WWII & the Faulkens? Or is it u never heard of those wars? How about Kuwait..u may know it as BP's oil
The election is over but you're still in office so....
, you colluded with a foreign gov to win, u r a fake and u will soon be over!!
Then why are you still holding rallies?
in the same vein, how many electoral college votes were bought and paid for?
no has to pay us. Show taxes...liar
yes it is. So how bout U stop tlking bout it & actually start doing your damn job. Oh wait, u can't b/c u have no clue!
Looking forward to seeing your tax returns
No body was paid. Just good old fashion work that is starting to work. Too bad you don't have that work ethnic.
Yes - the election is over, but YOU PROMISED to release your taxes soon as you were sworn in. I voted for you, and I want to see them!
You're such a tool !!! People protest all the time . What makes you think this was funded ? 
Why don't you!
@realDonaldTrump we all know who paid for your rally at Snap-On in WI... we did. 

You're pathetic #donthecon
We're to busy investigating u & Russian, Turkey & few more foreign countries. U can go on that wild goosr chase by yourself. You're running
Hahaaaaaa and one more time!- ahhhaaaaaahhaaaHHaaaaha
Someone try to figure how your our president
Who is paying for your rallies?  Bet the slush fund from your inauguration donations is handy,eh? $107M vrs $53M to fete 1/4  the crowd.
Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!...
Right!! Election is over- so stop acting like you are still on the campaign trail, between vacations.
Yeah forget the rallies, the election is over! Now, back to the investigation of widespread voter fraud!
Nobody paid. America hates you. And, we like showing/telling you in large numbers.
Why not shut everyone up and just show you tax returns, prove to America that a leader is honest with their finances #twitler
Yes it is so quit talking about Hillary and how big a win you had you egomaniac.
C. The D.C. Rally had tens of thousands of concerned US Citizens who you claim to represent, but are not interested in listening to
its every Americans right to protest.  Why do you think they got paid?  If they did more people would have showed up.
I love you!!! Oh shit thought you were Grumpy Cat... my bad...
Delusional. Liar.  Delusional liar. SAD!!
LIES, DECEPTION! EVERYDAY MORE LIES.
Then why are you still campaigning?
Nobody paid me, but nice attempt at creating FAKE news Donald. So SAD!
Good god. Release your taxes already. You just keep proving to everyone that you are hiding something YUGE. #CrookedTrumpy #SAD #shadyprez
If you think I was paid to protest, you are free to look at my tax returns.
Then why are you holding your rallies instead of participating in your real job?
NO ONE PAID THEM, THERE REALLY ARE THAT MANY PEOPLE WHO DISLIKE YOU AND FEEL YOUR PRESIDENCY IS ILLEGITIMATE. #PUTINSpuppet

Maybe you should try making more friends and fewer enemies!
That's it trump. Take the focus off of your tax exempt issue. We need to see your taxes. If you have nothing to hide, Show us your taxes...
And who will pay for your trips to Mar A Lago. Speek about money
It's Nancy P. She is causing a lot of violence in this country. She's a traitor of the USA
True christians are hesitant to judge others.
moderate republicans must get more aggressive go after Brennan he has to go to prison
Trump goes on Twitter rants because he's mad he couldn't fill a 7,500 seat venue #pathetic ! And the people standing outside are protestors
Ya you should know about paying people you paid Jason 10million in Russain $ to leak the FBI files during the election & paid a bus full of
Hey Don, stop acting like a little boy. It's time to grow up.
Doesnt matter election over.  We can still impeach you! I doubt you'll be in there 4 years. We'll find out what your hiding
Stop holding rallies, Trump. The election is over.
Not the Russians, I am sure.
Yes, the election is over....so stop referring to it in your speeches.
maybe somebody should look into your taxes too by the way Andrew Jackson was dead 16 years before the Civil War.
You had post-election pep rallies. Guess who apparently paid for those... ME, an actual taxpayer. I want a refund.
HEY WHERE IS MY MONEY? No....I marched for the joy of annoying you. #TrumpRussia #ReleaseYourTaxes
Ppl want to see your tax returns
Speaking of rallies why isn't your doj investigating The Stand Down order by the Berkeley pd while your supporters were assaulted?
No one paid us. We marched because you lied about releasing your tax returns.
It never is over!  You just hate it that people don't like you!,Impeach! Impeach!
Now we know that your buddy Vladimir Putin paid for them
taxes tell
We all hate you for free! You are a liar and a cheat and a thief! Using tax money to golf way too often. Slimeball.
Why? You want to end free speech as well now?
and your long nightmare of public shame and self-destruction has just begun. CHEERS :D
Rise above it. You sound like a child. The world is listening and laughing at you.  You're too old to change but can't you fake it a bit?
This is what you get when people rely on Big Govt. De fund.
Someone should look into who colluded with the Russians to hack our election. I hope they find you knew about it.
Just curious, who paid for your rally today? Asking for a friend...
With all due respect, sir (and none is due you), BULLSHIT. Nobody paid me a dime for Resisting your criminally installed totalitarianism.
no one was paid to protest you unlike you having to pay pathetic rally goers to boost your ego.
Waiting on your impeachment...hope you end up in jail!
Fool
No one had to be paid...it came out of the goodness and hatred in their hearts (for you). Impeachment will never taste soooo sweet.
Next time you hold a rally expect this to get retweeted at you. #SpinelessGOP
Someone should look into who paid the alt-right protesters who started fighting and riots in Trumps name at the Berkeley march!
And we're stuck paying for your useless rallies just so you can feel redneck love. STOP TWEETING.
someone should look into who is paying you...comrade.
The election may be over.  But our voices have only started to rise!
since we going to war. Are you going to allow none aggravated felons the right to purchase guns.
I hear that Russia is wanting to bring Americans. You or your hyperbolie would Not be missed
Then stop campaigning!!
This isn't an election issue. I thought you were a man of your word. You said you would release...when 2037?
remember that and hopefully ,we will have a better 20/20elected in white house
Maybe you should stop trying to convince yourself that people are not against you. We are! Nobody is paying us to fight your bullshit regime
Why not ask yourself who pays for your trips to the so called "WINTER WHITEHOUSE" AT "MARA-LAGO!???
No one paid - voters rallied because of huge concerns over your refusal to show your tax returns. What are you hiding??
Since ya like deals I have one for ya. Make Americans Happy Again by releasing your tax returns as promised and I'll buy you more tan spray!
NO, but the FBI is investigating you for TREASON!
You mean your rally, right????
Wow I never realised there was such a thing as a poor winner!!
Oh, and we will "lock up" the individual(s)" who "paid" (or didn't, as the case may be. Don't you worry. 2018 is coming. Buh-bye!
You do realize presidential elections are every 4 years?
Oh sweetheart, don't be obtuse. President schmesident! 2018 refers to MID-TERM elections; when all of those selfish, wealthy, (R)'S can GO!!
Really?
Only trump could be so narcissistic to say people are paid to rally against him
You had paid actors at your campaign announcement and other events on the trail.
Just look at the Dem. Party to organize US citizens who want to see your tax returns. You are POTUS.  Show your stuff!
Yes, the election is over - so why do you refuse to stop having taxpayer funded rallies? And why can't you stop talking about the election?
The election is over and you still bring up Obama and Clinton. Logic is not your strong side is it?!
A. Because the 1st amendment is still in place and it is our right & duty to speak up.
With all your rallies I could have thought otherwise...
...we would have to rely on rich assholes like you to pay your fair share of taxes to do right by us the 99%. Not all favors are bought.
Pence for President, now!
@BigStick2013 You know who paid and so do we. Its time we get him out of our countries politics &ban all his organizations
Right. You actually lost. 
Why are u campaigning then?
WE THE PEOPLE protest because it is our RIGHT! 
           No tax returns = you can't be trusted 
#notmypresident #ResistTrump #RESISTANCE
Hey! Where's my money!
Really? You are the world's biggest 3 year old. Look Mommy! look at the doody I made! Election's over except in your mind.
it's George Soros, the labor parties and communist parties from Chicago that all deviously elected Obama! Squash them !
More protested than supporters at your inauguration. Very true.
Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rally today.  The election is over!
You mean the small rally you were afraid to drive your motorcade past?
George Soros.
Buying into the anti-semitic 'soros' paid protester conspiracy? Pathetic.
Maybe the Russians
However free speech isn't
In America we call it freedom of speech and was fully paid for by the patriots that fought and died in the Revolutionary and the Civil wars
Elections are never over in a democracy
LOSER!
Why are YOU holding rallies? Get to work! You work for US now --alll of us!
No one paid for it. People are standing up for what they believe. You just don't like it.
I was not paid btw, what a joke you are
Do your fucking job.  And release your returns, like those before you.
No one has to pay people to protest you! GET OFF #trumpscrazytrain admit your numbers are poor your not popular #ReleaseYourTaxes
HAHA! We protest you, resist you and generally despise you FOR FREE!
.@realDonaldTrump  The election is never over USA is in a constant election cycle now Haven't you heard? 
wake up and smell the roses liar!
Sally Scheib:  "We also have the right to know about his business ties. Trump does not deserve the trust of the American people."
