Come talk to us when you catch up to the current #POTUS Barack Obama +180,000 jobs per month.
nothing obama did lead to that job growth. Sounds like trump will do some good some harm toward jobs
Our country is n much better shape than it was from day1 #POTUS. Why is that so hard2 acknow now that its ovr
i work in finance/Econ. 25 year career. It’s all I do. O was a complete disaster. Every policy I can think of stifles econ growth
W/ur knowledge in Econ & finance how do u ignore the numbers/progress? CuditB bcuz I dnt flw the num. front2back same as u? 
I don’t ignore the numbers. I just know they were in spite of O’s policies, not because of them. And would have been much better
I didn't mean u ignore the nos.literally. W/yr bkground that wudnt make sense.
why are there still so many lib waa waa shills?Hasn't the Clinton money run dry yet??lmao

oh my, I can't get that image out of my head now. Yuk!
Could be worse. Fox could have been on. Just saying.
very true

Yeah those coal jobs are streaming in!
Actually, they just reopened another mine.
So sad

the ones in Gitmo are nowhere near as dangerous as the weird haired guy and his pee-ons in the White House.
What about the jobs that can be had in the US if Ivanka made her clothes there!!!!!
Hope you thanked Putin for your election!
 @realDonaldTrump
I'm looking forward to the two most powerful nations on earth  to become friends and defeat Isis
yeah, bringing jobs to people is so horrible! #smh
that's  the problem. They eat a check but not a job.
Trump is already breaking his promise to protect LGTBQ rights. Trump is threatening 1st amendment rights.
L-I-A-R! You have done nothing but try to take credit for someone else's accomplishments. #notmypresident
finally some real politics. May the world watch & learn. Already making Obama look like a petty immature baby!
look she put her pasties on the straps of her dress this time
And which one do you think has class?

What is it about you Teabaggers that makes you think we don't work? I've paid more in taxes than Cheeto Jesus.
Big D you're a legend mate
A clown legend...
We don't NEED no education
We don't NEED no thoughts controlled
NO DaRK sarcasm in the MEGAphone#BrickInTheWall#Resist
is a star (so he can do anything). No taxes, No pre-qualification, NO decency, no problem! #NotMyPresident #TheResistance
... said the paper that Trump basically owns
except u lie about how u got them. You are extremely pathetic. http://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/02/opinion/why-corporations-are-helping-donald-trump-lie-about-jobs.html …
if it's in the post you don't need to tweet it. I'm sure we will see it
you are the con man and chief. F**king LOSER. # NOTMYPRESIDENT!!!
@JerryAtricks1 #LIAR #CONMAN #DEPLORABLE #DISGUSTING #DONTWATCHTHEAPPRENTICE #PUTINLOVER #Fraud #Resistance
#NOTMYPRESIDENT #DONTWATCHTHEAPPRENTICE #Resistance #LOCKHIMUP#SEXUALABUSER #MANBABY
HERE'S YOUR'S
#DONTWATCHTHEAPPRENTICE #PUTINLOVER #RESISTANCE #LOCKHIMUP #BULLY
An extremely credible source has told me that Trump was born in Russia #birthcertificate
THANK GOD SOMEONE KEEPS THEIR PROMISES!!!! 
UNLIKE THE LIES Obama PREACHED!!
Well that someone is not Trump as you will do find out after Jan.20 the truth will come out Trump and PUTIN wars
Does that means you stopped hiring foreign workers? Practice what you preach.
Employment will decrease by one person, which is you getting impeached soon.
good... send some to edenton nc lol, edenton is stuck in the past and won't let jobs come. They need a shake down.
The same people who think food stamps and Section 8 housing are wonderful self-esteem building opportunities!


"Sprint later said that the jobs were part of a previously announced commitment by Japan’s SoftBank." #lol #wut
don't believe everything you read people
NO, you just are taking credit again for these jobs you had nothing to do with again.Stop trying 2 fool ppl

He will never be 2/3 of the nation's president. He only won by cheating and even then he lost the popular vote.
banana republics also publish their own self congratulating articles.
Awesome. Can't wait till you are setting in our White House Office love our Donald.
do you know we cringe when you pat yourself on the back?
Shame on you for spreading disinformation and taking credit for things that were going to happen anyway. Sad.
you really have a hard time when others get attention.  Don't worry that pesky Congress swearing in will be done soon.

laylowontwitter#please
from the trump tower=from his Ivory Tower
can't stump the trump
plz be sure we do not have to take microchip for healthcare in new plan.  Thx
Put some of the homeless people encamped around your luxury properties to work!  Then you will make me a believer!!
seeing those homeless people made me a believer that Obama's policies suck

God Bless Melania for breaking the stigmas sex workers face in being able to move to more job opportunities!!
wtf is wrong with being a prostitute
Nothing!  It's a job like any other job!  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sex_worker 
I would love to see prostitution legalized just so it would fuck with all the religious nuts
that and ya know freedom and what not
he did one last week
http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/01/video-peotus-trump-impromptu-new-years-eve-press-conference/ …
oh haha sorry, he was probably wearing the wrong color of tie for your liking too huh?
I will believe it when one of th original newspapers that endorsed him backs up the claim.
Wrong. Quit spreading your fake propaganda. How are you a verified account?

This factory will remain open Donald. What about these jobs Donald? What happened to harsh import taxes Donald?
real hope and change are coming to America! Can't wait for inauguration. #maga
oh, you're the worst, joel.
and you're an egg! 
we all prefer the egg over you, Joel. #DumpTrump #NotMyPresident


What jobs? The ones he created for his family?
how about healthcare
Great  congratulations 
Never stop tweeting. I'm able to get information first hand. Making America Great Again.
Disclose your tax returns, you traitorous Russian operative!
he may look good to a few in the short run but it will fall apart.  Then it will be someone else's fault.
I'm So happy Steve Bannon is our President. #BannonIsPrez
Seems a little fabricated. Like this hairpiece.
what matters is Ford like Carrier will be hiring in America because of President Trump!!
@mskristinawongThose Carrier jobs will fade away after the Mexico transition is complete. Ivanka's clothes are made in China!!!
so? Thanks for pointing out the clothing industry was taxed out of America!!
It's not taxes- it's obscene profit margins that determine that business goes to 3rd world basically slave labour workers.
keep repeating that lie sue sooner or later even you'll believe it
How do you think business works? Why are Trump companies not in the US employing workers? So they can be rich-not you!!
lmao I understand VERY well how business works. It's clear your CLUELESS
You've delivered nothing but shitty tweets.
spoken like a reliable mental health counselor! #not #GetHelp
is #ProjectingOnGuterman
lol, what a waste of life you are.  Life is easy on the welfare lines I guess, free obuma internet too.
Alex don't you have a wedding to attend?
girl you are killing me lol!!!!!
it's the Trump way of life, man
pmfp
how is a dummy like that deliver anything.  The man is stupid ignorant and arrogant.
The man has to go cross the water 2 get his wifes. The man has internet wifes. We now have a 1st lady that has stripped.
the 1st time in our history we have a 1st lady that can barely speak English. One thing we can say the Russians are here.
the woman is a prostitute. She had to pose naked to get in the country now she is in the White House. Please!
Hmmm... though some workers at same company are losing jobs.
>trusting anything @nbc puts out

saving 800 is better than th 000 obama saved.
you mean the 1.5 million Obama saved.
The only billionaire I trust to give me a job is Mark Cuban. He's a real billionaire who will eat YOUR for breakfast Trump!
@mcuban  is best friends with Stephen Bannon something's up there he can't be trusted either
Bannon and Cuban are friends?
No. it's baiting. Trolls lie.
actually she wasnt baiting-just worried they were-had convo-was drink late nov
2 million a mile for a barrier? hire the homeless veterans they could build less. and provide jobs to those who deserve it
Bull pucky!
I bet.The all family is http://hired.Next  will be friends and so on ...down the food chain.
you keep believing that.  Has he brought his businesses back to the states yet?  Oh yeah It is with his tax returns
jobs won't mean anything without ending terrorism in America.
will you please stop referring to yourself in 3rd person #creepy
You win a few and lose many more.  What is your take on this sunshine?
http://money.cnn.com/2017/01/04/news/companies/macys-job-cuts-stock/index.html …
has delivered NOTHING. He has taken credit for the work of others. That's how he works; intimidate and steal credit.
#FRAUD
propaganda bullshit again... if he would pay all the folks he owes, the country could balance the budget.
ha ha you haven't  created  any jobs.  Filed  more bankruptcies  is like  it. #donald trump broke.
#trump apply the same policy to your oil companies in Mexico put a tax to take the Mexican oil to your nation
You are following Bernie Sanders plan of Outsourcing Prevention Act.
Again he does another false tweet so his "followers" can think "Make Trump Great Again".   lol
- Do you think you can beat the 15.6 million jobs Obama created?  You can try!
What jobs?  In a 4 trillion dollar economy even if bragging is  true his "influence" isn't more than a fart in a hurricane.
BRINGING IN 27-33,000,000 JOBS WAS @SAMMPOTUS WITH REAL SOLUTION 2RESOLVE DEBT &BORDER SECURITY. U HAVE NoSOLUTIONS @realDonaldTrump @nypost
LIAR you are cracking me up LIAR you are a total giggle machine LIAR!
Trump continues to take credit for things in which he has no role.
what jobs name one
LOVE THIS GUY!!!!

and Obama got a Nobel prize for making empty promises.
A merger takes many months of evaluation, analysis, implementation, re-identification.   Stop stealing others accomplismnts
your hands look tiny in this pic
U R getting company to stay here and you aren't even in office yet. Can u do that for C.T too ! Malloy sure isn't !
and we love you for it. I thank you.
Not sure how that's possible when he's not even in charge yet 
Go team TRUMP!
#BarteringIsNotDeliveringRealResults
stop the bullshit
We will be watching your comparison to Obama.  9.8% unemployment when he took office.  Now 4.6%
MR.CHEETO SAID THIS CHRISTMAS WAS HIGHEST SPENT BY AMERICAN. You lied cheeto if so Macy's would be in the green.
he has already accomplished more than 8 years of that "other guy"
Bit short of the 25 million and those came from Obama anyway !
Bullshit.
CUTTING 3 MILLION JOBS WITH HEALTH CARE REPEAL. 3,000,000 PEOPLE CUT. SAME NUMBER AS BEAT YOU IN ELECTION.

Stop referring to yourself in third person. It's creepy. And by the way, the public knows you're lying about this.
don't take credit for hurting our government by promising tax breaks to every company that threatens to leave. #recession
you really are CRAZY, aren't you?
There's that dishonest media I keep hearing about.  trumop isn't doing shit.  Except making America SUCK again.
What else did they expect? ;)
@POTUS is angry not only because America rejected his policies(lost 1040seats) but his failures are front page news
Get er run!
Mexico receives billions of dollars every year, thanks to your USA nation addicted to Mexican drugs
Sike
nLies! These jobs were already promised. You just took credit. How long will people fall for it?
#GOPlies
You are God sent. keep it and and dont be afraid of opposition. i and my family will not quit praying for u always
Crooked media. SAD.
Can I be paid equal to my male counterparts while you're at it?
love u man!
rump is full of bullshit.
BULL!!! You are such a liar and fraud,  Drumfph... you will NEVER represent me!!!
Do they exaggerate their accomplishments or other positive attributes? #4 on PCNBI
oh the media, I thought they were liars never to be trusted.
that is a lie u make lyn ted look like a choir boy
Tell the truth--you haven't saved anyone's job.  The decision at Carrier and the decision at Ford were made by their CEOs.
15.99M more and you'll have almost caught up with Obama.
Thank you Mr. Trump. I no longer fear the destruction of American jobs. Proud American and not ashamed to say it!!
You are talking to yourself now. You haven't delivered any jobs , you've delivered sputterings about existing jobs
You really are blowing UR own TRUMPet! BUt nobody would know unless you tell them, & you can tell them anything, sell fantasy as #70YRSaCon
#notthetruth

sprint Verizon Microsoft and others are out sourcing the call centers and technical support
You're talking in 3rd person again, you know that's an indicator of mental illness right? Megalomania maybe?
Yeah right: fake news, fake jobs, holographic appearances to the people you work for now:Americans
'none of the living former presidents going to inauguration?' Celebrate ur favorite dead one's with conservative narrators!
just so you know Donald all these plans these companies have made were made before you even came in the picture
Repub.budget resolution presented today.P.1 - Revenues.       P.2- Expenses P.3 DEFICITS. GOP submit UNBALANCED budget.
There is NOTHING in this budget for repealing Obamacare or  building a wall.
YOUR MY GREAT POTUS AND IM SO PROUD OF YOU!!..GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY!!!..MAGA!!!!
As You opened every President's tusc for the beginings
LIAR.  This has been refuted.
I have had a job posted for 3 months, I don't understand why this job isn't filled. #helpwanted
more people work in renewables than oil & gas – get behind this and you’re a job creation hero #100Days #KeepParis
the only jobs you and yours are giving us are snow jobs; oh, and maybe you and your family are giving (rhymes w snow) jobs!
@MerrimackTweets @nypost Trump had nothing to do with Ford's decision. Check your sources and stop RTing propaganda.
mau đi chết má đi cho rồi, mi không xứng đáng. Bà clinton xứng đáng hơn hứ
can anyone on here read? The tweets that you are "getting" from President Trump r not fr him name wrong says DoMald
How many health care jobs and hospitals will you destroy when you dismantle ACA
NYPost.  ROFLMAO...........you and the Nation Enquirer......lolololol.  #ToddlerInChief #NotMyPresident
gooo... mr. President,  Congress need help messaging the repeal. Help them sir


Bullshit, as usual.

Truly a Man of his word .Thanks to President Elect Trump
you will only make it worse...get off tweets and look at real issues, want to make it great again..resign now #ImpeachTrump
FOS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZU0c8DAIU4 …
Stop taking credit for something that was already in the works.
#trumpcompaniescomehome
It's all a plan between the Sock Monkey and the Media to make   Trump look bad. They forgot we're not that Stupid
did your company stop manufacturing in China?  Trump hire American
These jobs were planned months before the election. Stop lying. Show us your tax returns. Reveal your Russian investors.
going to be the real Prez hiding under photo op skirt? Will be crowded for him under there avoiding Pootie's dick
great to see a president with some balls not just another puppet
need to stop allowing Indian ppl to take our IT jobs in America, They even make them managers, to take control of our jobs
you haven't done a thing.  Except threaten people.
.@realDonaldTrump that is such bull.
President Trump boldly-passionately-tirelessly fights for us!   President Trump loves America!  Big League! 
these articles are bought and paid for
I have already noticed a huge increase in opportunity for working in the Central Florida area. Whether they r Quality jobs
- You truly haven't even begun yet... great job! Positive changes are happening! #TrumpToTheRescue
Again, you had NOTHING to do with this.
