@20TrumpDonald16 @VP @usedgov @Bets who is teaching who? Obama care will work. Democrats are proud of taking on Obamacare.
Really Donald really???
Can someone teach you how to read and/or form a sentence correctly? Speak? You can show them your skills of being non human! #TheResistance
If you're so worried about disadvantaged kids ask why @BetsyDeVos keeps trying to mess with disabled kids?
Dude @realDonaldTrump, @BetsyDeVos is so incompetent just like you. Quit and make Pence the new #POTUS. #PenceforPresident
wow，that is a good idea
Great parent-teacher listening session this morning with @VP Pence &amp; @usedgov Secretary @BetsyDeVos. Watch:… https:/...
One model school doesn't necessarily represent all charter schools.  Mr. President,  read THE DELIBERATE DUMBING DOWN OF AMERICA by Iserbyt
PBS will help all, including disadvantaged children.
Thank you for working for America ~ praying for you and your family ♡
his a joke
 Thank you, @MiamiHerald, you are true patriots #TREASON #RESISTANCE
Hey..., Dumbasses..... watch that video that CBS News is showing of screaming kids in class with gunshots going off around them.

Listen to those screams and continue to say "everything is fine".

Shameful inaction.
USA schools will accelerate to the bottom bigly
 Can't have a bigot heading education you fool.
And Obama said 
" you didnt build that"..
Neither one of those two no nothing about poor,poor community or nothing about our struggle to succeed. Shameful
Fake
Did you just call Pence and Devos your parents?
@leonidascoutat1 @VP @usedgov @BetsyDeVos So great !! Thank Ms Devos ! Our children need good schools ! Absolutely!!!!
no matter what the left says myself  and millions are with you to the end !!!!!
poor schools need more funds
that's about it
Vague promises per usual. Taking $ away from public schools = financial segregation. Shame on you!

choice is very important, training children in different trade classes is also very beneficial.
thank you,  please protect homeschooling.
You listen to nobody President Fart !
sounds great!!! Keep up the awesome work!
Big fail! Very disaponting.
We all in this country have the same rights no matter what color our skin is!
We agree with our President Trump
US need better schools. We are the lowest in the Countries.
We now have a Secretary of Education who isn't even qualified to be a school secretary.
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/delete-your-facebook-account-permanently.html …
Where is a "parent" in this picture?
the city council here dunklin county Missouri dowhat they want they been removing indiams sice 1839 and still going strong
trust me there forcing me to leave because they own the st francis river cant even fish here n dunklin county
its just a matter of time ive called the us marshal fbi they will not attemp it here 16 ar 15 machine guns here
theytell me well call your local sheriff the mans 65 and got a girlfriend 28 and im 40 cant evrn fibd a girl something rong
y dont this government remove thee asses there eich farmers
how is ittrump these farmers canoffer more forland just to screw u outof farming how am i suppose to farm or any young farm
farmerscan buy the landwanting to farmpoor farmer like mecantfarm becauseof rich farmers buy all the landup putting me out
is this your plan to run everyone to Mexico thats not rich im going now and help built there wall to keep crazy out fmu.s
you love to watch yourself don't you
Trump you are nothing but hot air and Betsy is nothing but a rich evangelical christian. Shame
EDUCATION will make possible to defeat theREAL enemies IGNORANCE INEQUALITY EXTREMISTS&PREJUDICES
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/delete-your-facebook-account-permanently.html …
hahahaha none you understood a word said
you are doing an awesome job! God bless and keep you all. We pray for you all!
The President is acting with the press, like his "Golden Showers" scandal might be true. (TS)
@jaziweb @hapa_girl33  - Kung fu master, I'm not even tagging you in half of the amount as GH
. @realDonaldTrump @VP @usedgov @BetsyDeVos I see very little listening happening here.
how can people still believe bunch of bullshit this man is saying
huge problems too many autistic children.  Vaccines are maiming our nation. #CDCwhistleblower
we need to recover society, build values again, and remember that yes we have rights with they all end where other's begin
great! US is an example and kids all over the world need to learn basic values, learn to express opinions with manners.
You say everything is great. DeVos is NOT great and should resign along with you.
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.co.uk/2017/02/auto-delete-your-facebook-account-after.html# …
have you visited any public schools Mr Trump?
OR RECEPTIONIST FIELD. I AM A HARD WORKER AND LOVE USA AND YUR & YOU FAMILY-PENCE
THANK YOU MR. PRESIDENT!  MR. PRESIDENT MAY I WORK FOR YOU IN CLERICAL FIELD
students who make the deans list should receive additional funding to earning their masters degree
students who make the honor roll all the time should receive prepatory scholarship funding
read my tweet about students who make the honor roll & the college students that make the deans
And now, some can't even go pee.
That's a great group of YES men and women you've assembled
MORONS
we love you President Donald Trump!!!! We love you!!!
brainwashed fool needing a big baby daddy.
-I love this president more and more!!! Just saying a big thank you God!!!
More public listening sessions with all of you please. This is a great event.
uniforms should be required of all school students cheaper than punk clothes.
non-Washingtonians keep Secretary DeVos from visiting a school!
@POTUS I'm Informed Today That Gender (fluid) Studies Is Being Taught In PE Class? TO 6TH GRADERS?
"Listening session?"
-Worst person ever to run DOE.  Woe unto the pubic school system which was already hurting.
Vice President pence does a heckuva job for us please let him know how much we appreciate him
beautifully written checks also
like it
Happy President's day to you my favorite president! You will be the best President ever in the history of the USA!
Foreign Countries don't want you, and schools don't want that fool Betsy DeVos.
Auction the pens used to sign Bills or Executive orders
You're FIRED Donald
More unqualified billionaires handed positions in axcahnge for campaign contributions #PayToPlay
Pence cleaning up Trumps mess he inherited.  Pence at Nato doing Presidential work.
DEVOS IS MAKING YOU LOOK TERRIBLE. DROP HER AT THE FIRST EXCUSE AND THE PEOPLE WILL LOVE YOU.
DeVos is a mess!
Did either of you ever attend public schools?
#Trump NOT #GREAT >U FOLLOW Duginism shutting DOWN #U.S #BillofRights 4 #Amer + #Children's REAL #future 4 u $$$$$
YOURE THE BLIND LEADING THE BLIND.  No experience and no ideas.  Education system is screwed now.
Devos is just another of your deplorable.
She's NOT qualified!!  She paid for her spot and we're stuck with her.
She's NOT qualified and everyone knows it.  But she paid for her spot so we're stuck with her.
what a loser
Why does DeVos need Us Marshalls to escort her?  Is she scared of the urban community?
Teachers waiting to "receive" the screwing over DeVos can't wait to give out. Vapid diva.
The only thing that qualifies Betsy is her huge donation to your campaign.
LISTEN TO THE PEOPLE! You think we don't how hypocritical all of you are? Karma will catch up!
issues with immigrants in Sweden......fake news spouted by Donald Trump #owngoal
my 10yr old niece, hs never had a math workbook, or reading work book, they have nothing !
de-fund the dept of ed a bloated entity that steals from American Children.
Yea Those teachers really bit back later, didn't they! You'll never b able 2 push teachers around!
omg does that #devos know what's happening? She looks confused. Help her help us.
like you give a shit
为什么没有中文字幕？
I'm a teacher in Hawaii. Let me know how I can help.
#NeverAcosta
maybe she can get you a voucher to a private school to teach you to read
would Love for you to come back to Albany N.y
I really hope there will be drug testing for the dirt that plays the system ,thank u Jerry
I'm tired of it I bust my ass every day working in the cold to come home and see these people
pathstone is a thing like welfare that pay there rent and there all doing drugs
and there are people here who do drugs collect and get free ride I'm tired of seeing this
YOU actually sought ought the least qualified person you could to watch over our children! LOSER
not a lot of 'listening' .. a lot of your misleading alternative facts
of course you thought it was great Trump.  The only people talking were your people
You and your cabinet are a joke. I cannot believe you are Making America Die. Talk about SAD!
@POTUS EDUCATION/LIVE LINE TO LIFE: many failing school districts across America. Go Trump/DeVos!
I can't wait to see what you can do Mrs. Devos. Take care of our kids!
Teachers hate you trump!  get over it.  Your new Nazi Sec Ed. will never work.
A p-t listening sesh with Betsy D.    RRROOOOOFFFFFFLLLLLL!
I think it's great that you're going to help the African American Children w/education!!@MargotB
I like Pepsi
Teachers LISTEN to you? Man, what is this world coming to, I mean YOU'RE president...
Get the Secretary Secret Service protection

what communities are being referenced here? Because students have spoken out proving it gets worse
Too bad you didn't get the education despite advantages. You can't even tweet in proper English.
she looked lost
Plug them fast!!!!!
are in charge of our lives. it's like having my three year old decide what food to buy. #cheetos4dinner
This lasted 8 minutes; press conference lasted 77 minutes.  You listen 1/10th as much as you talk.
Who is your script writer? Fire them
HIred to dismantle the Dept of Ed and set back poor school districts 50 yrs. You hate children
I found the pencils.
....our schools are doomed, now.
Don't listen, keep talking. That way you can't hear us calling for your ouster.
Where's Betsy's pencil?
.@realDonaldTrump If homeschooling is SO great, y not arrange for @BetsyDeVos 2 school Barron @ the WH, saving taxpayers mils $ on security!
DeVos is wrong for our children and wrong for our schools.
Excellent positive Donald Trump @ his best.Keep it up
SHE KNOWS ZILCH
Don't need to listen. You, your vp and an uneducated female were in a room yammering.
Everyone I know think you're the greatest,we all voted for you and couldn't be happier!
#Rezapahlavi
No one is more qualified for the job. She is a Charter School advocate.Maybe less students .
hmm just learning tweet. Did not know to del other people which adds to what I can write. Interesting.
