Bots that you used attacked @EmmanuelMacron 's campaign. National Security and State issue. This has to stop.
DT knows this. He paid Cambridge Analytica $15 million for the data. He then hired the foreign bots, who work out of Russia, China & N.Korea
It is potentially an act of war. Without approval.
Guilty plea yesterday from guy who ran DT's SC campaign. 30 counts of criminal corruption. Pled to misdemeanor. MUST cooperate fully.
Who?
History: (1) SCGOP Speaker Bobby Harrell indicted in 2014. He sang for plea. Other SCGOP indicted INCLUDING Richard Quinn of Quinn Group.
2) SC AG Alan Wilson (son of Rep. Joe You Lie Wilson!) fought hard to be be prosecutor. Went up to SC Supreme Court. They kept Pascoe, a Dem
3) Prosecutor raided Quinn Group offices in Jan. GOP tried to get evidence kicked. No dice.
4) SCGOP Senator John Courson then indicted.
I guess you'll meet with ACTUAL victims THIS time. Why is it that you have to be TOLD what to do instead of getting it RIGHT on your own?
NOOO stay put... the last time you went you did no good... What's the point?? #compassionLESS #onlyaboutyourego
So are the Russians delegates staying at a trump property since you kicked them out?
I'm sure the crowds will be bigly!
How do you know America is with Houston most Texans aren't because Houston democrats Hell hole city
Stay home! We don't need you here to hold another self aggrandizing pep rally! We are fine without you!


This would imply he is doing absolutely nothing for Texas - and even if you watch CNN you would know that's bull.
He's not doing anything for Texas, the American taxpayers are. Even his $1m pledge is someone else's money.
Nope. His personal money. And don't pull that card, I can't imagine the amount of stuff the president is having to do behind the scenes.
Sarah Huckabee refused to say it would be Trump's personal money and not Mar-a-Lago's which taxpayers paid millions to this year for vacs.
Go Mr. President! Make us proud! MAGA!!!
End DACA!!!
End it . The left gives nothing to you! But they want to take it all from you! Campaign promises matter !
Dont forget to take the selfie we talked about.
trump - America is not with you.  Resign TRAITOR and LIAR.
K, text me when you land

Do you plan to have another Trump rally there to boast about crowd sizes?
I hope so
Decided not to donate huh
NOOOOOO I DONT WANT YOU HERE
 lmao!!!!! Good one @ForestWallen 
PLEASE TELL US YOU DID NOT TELL PEOPLE IN THE SHELTER IN TX TO HAVE A GOOD TIME AFTER THEIR HOMES ARE DESTROYED,LOVED ONES LOST,LIVING IN
Did you guys wear your hats?  Make sure you brought your hats!
Resign please.
where
Safe trip Mr President
You're taking a Mulligan after your first visit.
  - No comments about crowd size 
  - No high heels  
  - Show some heart 
...no White Power 
You keep reminding us who FLOTUS is.  That's weird.
God be with both of you always.
Please don't ruin our world!
I see that Melania is still wearing stiletto heels. America is not with you. At least not 67% of us.
Feb to Aug job creation:
2017  1,189,000
2016  1,422,000
2015  1,547,000

Job creation has slowed under Trump by nearly 20%. Facts.
Figures don't lie, but liars figure! Stupid
This is a great opportunity to flog your products like your hats, Hurricane Harvey stilettos, & "I didn't serve" bomber jackets.
Beautiful! End #DACA 
Good morning to our beautiful FLOTUS! Got mine yesterday! 
#maga!!!!
What? No close up of your designer threads for marching blithely through the remains of people's lives?
Really? $60 sneakers arent good enough? I'm a Texan & want them here. Not helping? Then hush!
Thank you!
Try to act like an American this time.
Psalm 1:1-3
Blessed is the #man Who #walks not in the #counsel of the #ungodly, Nor #stands in the #path of #sinners, [1/4]
Hail Satan
Take the million bucks you’ll give, right?
How much have you given
He pledged a million and took it back 2 days later lol. I bet Tom pays his taxes
Trump paid $38 million in 2005. Did Tom pay that?
Also attempted to scam students out of $25 million
I'm waiting to see how long before you drop the snowflake tried and true anthem of "racist and bigot". 5, 4, 3...
Don't forget your hats!
Another fraudulently verified troll account with no following
Awww poor Rick. You'll always be verified in my heart. 
Why do u hate black and LGBT people?
We love your strong leadership
Finally a president who cares!
About himself
It's sad to live in a fantasy world created by fake leftist propaganda, right?
Fnapurdue
All these odd retweets by FLOTUS right now. So bizarre
So weird !
Marriage is a sham
we love you#GodBlessAmerica #TrumpTriumph #Trump2020 #ReleaseTheMemo
Something or someone keeps undoing my retweets on the president's Twitter account and my likes why are they undoing my retweets and my likes I'm having to go over Andre like and retweet everything over and over again who's doing this and why is it being done to me
http://JobReo.com/?refcode=25625 
Godspeed Mr.President
#MAGA
#ReleaseTheMemo
#CrookedHillary
#ShutdownShummer
#LockThemUp
Departing for Texas and Louisiana with @FLOTUS Melania right now @JBA_NAFW. We will see you soon. America is with y… htt...
He is heading to Florida but since he shutdown gov he has to make it look like he is working so a quick stop op ed and then gulf as our children die.
Stormy out dancing in those cities?
Be safe! We Americans love you!
Draft Dodging chicken hawk
President you amaze . This young man gave u that Texas Flag.He cried said that my flag. As  the flew in the air both crying showing pride
your momentum is strong. Ride the wave.  Pull the funding for drug rehab!  It’s success rate 5 out of 100 hundred. We need a working model (not malanga)lol I couldn’t resist,  we need Model that works.
Yet 80% of Puerto Rico doesn't have power. Is there just not enough investment opportunities for you in PR? Or is their skin too brown?
Will she wear her high heels to PR????
Jealous.
Great job today keep it up
Hopefully in this weather she'll help keep you ... aFLOTUS. #punfucked
Too bad you sucked up more resources by being there.
Awfully expensive photo op
DACA is bad for AMERICAN CITIZENS. Please don't renew it! Laws were broken. These are the consequences.
THANK YOU for all you do, sir. 
Thank you President and First Lady Trump! Awesome job lifting up our fellow Americans!
I thought her name was meglamania
America IS with you!
Praying for you Mr. President, you are doing a great job.
The Donald Prez Rocks!
Thank you for all you do! And our lovely First Lady!
This shows support and giving the assessment of damage to the Southeastern Texas area. We need the Fed Gov to step it up on aid and funding.
Did Melania give out free blowjobs?
123 vive l 'algeri
Wish them peace of mind in this difficult time. They need love caring and sharing.
B#dawnv
Will @FLOTUS be wearing her super practical stilettos again? You two are so out of touch with the average American. Let them eat cake.
Second visit a charm? first visit NOT SO MUCH?
GOD BLESS YOU AND GOD BLESS TEXAS !! 
Fake
Many Louisiana Constituents STILL DISPLACED OVER A YEAR from Pres Obama fed declared disaster flood 8/12/16WellsFargo forged my name ins chk
THE GREAT  PRESIDENET  TIME BLOW  KIM JOG EN NORT  THE KOREA  WITH JUST A LITTLE ONE TO KILL HIM  ONLY THEN THE NATIONS  WILL REAX
#donthedick #dumprump
I hope Melania doesn't FLOTUS away.
#havethatburger
God bless you Mr President 
Thank you Sir! You always lift us up!
.#FakePresident Fatboy McKnocKnee and first illegal immigrant #Flatus and goldigger should continue to retweet the long shots. #flattery
Houston has a problem but the world has A bigger one. Try calling NASA for climate change information
Ty @POTUS & @VP & @FLOTUS for All your doing for Texas. You show love & dedication by your Faith With Actions. Texas Stands Strong!
Đẹp quá
MAGA MR.TRUMP WE LIVE YOU FOR ALL YOUR DOING.
@FLOTUS Please depart the Presidency. FLOTUS can go with you. #resist
I trust you will #Resist any surplus from Trump tax cuts and donate them to #HurricaneHarveyRelief
God Bless The Trump Team! In Jesus Name!
Carlie Gintoli- MsFlorida State America 2016-2017
Quit wasting taxpayer money.

nice
God Bless You.
Mueller is hard at work Putin's puppet. I suspect we will all see that you hid your taxes because you SOLD your soul and the USA to Putin.
Love this man
How about looking into Al Sharpton's tax issues. Thank you Sir.
Had to make two trips to get it right, didn't you?! Don't even know how to respond & act in a disaster situation- that's comforting.
So is it John Barron at the WH?
Which stelleto heals did she wear today?...& did u have her wear her FLOTUS hat so you'd know she was your wife instead of your mistress??
Thank you both, as a double Katrina survivor & Cuban-American Evangelical, UR doing a great job. God Bless U & Flotus, GB America!
You are not America.
Where is your 1M check?
God go with you PTrump and MelaniaWe love u !  Don't listen to what the media says, don't tweet them either, ignore them, drive themnuts !
Amen
So, now you are in jeopardy over that Miller/trump letter about Jim Comey. First Flynn, now this. "All the Presidents Men" went to jail.
You have got to stop covering for this dude. Now we have to ask ourselves who is better, Pence or Ryan. Tough question - need to research.
Hey Trump how about some love for the State Of MT... Did you know we're are burning down over here??
What a breath of Fresh Air,to have a President not just 'Say' He Cares, rather, Shows that Americans 1st Thank you President Trump!
So many hateful people to block, so little time. MAGA

#nowisthetimetotalkaboutclimatechange
#Trump #ImpeachTrump
Is that a Sikorsky?
You are the worst person ever
If you are flying anywhere else than to drop a nuke on North Korea, it's bad policy.
 my President!! I sleep better knowing if disaster strike I have a President who truly cares!! MAGA
Why 2nd trip? Melania's shuz 2 tight?  Wasting taxpayers money worse than ANY fake POTUS in history. #Impeach45 #Resist
Exceptional Work: Handling This Disaster in Texas and Louisana.
Did you see what a great turn out , what a crowd you had in Houston ?  Wow
God bless Americans
go GET EM CAPTAIN
Be sure #FLOTUS  dressed to the nines in #coture  REIstyle  "WE'RE just ordinary people like you"garb?
FLOTUS first class person! Baron Trump great kid! 
God Bless & protect @POTUS & @FLOTUS 
America Is With Texas!
TOO BAD YOU AREN'T-
SUPREME INSANE IMBECILE!
where's all the $$$ u promised-
ur standard BS, screw the little people!
BY. You con us that your some God fearing man when you obviously don't really care about God or man.
Mr. President, first let me say ty for becoming my POTUS! Please take care of our islands PR, US Virgin Islands
Pretty words from the President.What are you as a private FILTHYRICH citizen willing to go without to Help your neighbors get on their feet?
TMI dude...Twitter isn't your day planner, you don't have to write in everything
Why bother? It's wasting my tax $$. Please send someone who actually cares & knows how to use our infrastructure to help people.
We need aide not a wall.
Thank you for coming to Lake Charles Mr President. Proud to have been part of your security detail. LCPD SWAT!!!
Little hands is with you Texas. Sleep well tonight.
Thank you, President Trump and First Lady! Love and Blessings to you both!
We love u Mr. Trump
And don't forget to "have a good time.
1st I thought it said "deporting" not departing. Scary thing is, deporting sounds like something our racist-uncle-in-chief would say.
Our Fab FLOTUS making the country more beautiful & humane-one day-one gorgeous high heeled step-at a time! Love & Support from Los Angeles
Nice to finally have a President, Thank You

Did you pack a lunch?  I hear they're running low on food and I wouldn't want you to go hungry, Mr. President.
He packed an endless supply of CHEETOS.
Good opportunity for another photo op!
http://resistcovfefe.net/trump-defends-his-penis-size-like-a-psycho/ …
America don't need u to said that we the people are with any commuity in need but America is not with u just look at your approval rating.
Now a typhoon is attacking swatow,Guangdong province in China.
And yet, America is not with YOU.  The sooner you realize that...
شكرا ي سياده الرئيس علي المجهود الذي تقومون به تجاه أميركا والعالم أجمع
By by eeee. ..greatings
Trump is a disgusting human being
http://www.houstonchronicle.com/news/houston-texas/amp/Missing-volunteer-pulled-from-Cypress-Creek-12170986.php …
Are you having fun tweeting nonsense from your mamma's basement?
TELL CHILDREN WITH CANCER AMERICA IS WITH YOU https://www.facebook.com/thegoldworldproject …
And can you give a hurting person a hug?
Is been so much crime and so much defation those power involved and manipulate ibeen used is so cruel and painful
Is opinion with all respect and humble in any countries immigrant or citizen need care responsabilities the in legal
You are a national disaster visiting a natural disaster Don. Please resign. Make the world a better place. #impeachTrump
Oh wait, just when I thought you were finished posting about yourself, there's this one. I'll BETTER you have a wall of mirrors.
Where are all this globalist elitist to physically help to busy bashing Trump .
U sure @FLOTUS wanted to visit and not flotus @IvankaTrump
#DeportMelania #DeportMelania #DeportMelania #DeportMelania #DeportMelania #DeportMelania
Your doofus boss says that Texas is "healing" fast! What? He is seriously in need of a reality check. But, we already think he has dementia.
For a DO-OVER because u FAILED so miserably on the 1st trip.
