
Mueller has NO right to continue spying just to get information that is not legally available under other laws! Mueller is so dirty!
Our country's law enforcement agencies have every right to investigate. Only criminals fear the truth being revealed. If Trump didn't break any laws, he'll be completely exhonnerated, right? 
#45ShitholeAdministration #EveryDayABrandNewHell
LIAR!
Nope, he has been proved truthful & strong over and over. Best President in history! Even Donna Brazille has confirmed he was in fact correct all along, the DNC/DEMS colluded with Russia, not Trump! Thank you Mr. President!
Steele got played.
(Cough, cough)...the topic is the dossier.
What confirmed claim in the dossier are you referring to?
Wow! If only @TheJusticeDept @FBI had listened to the INNOCENT Trump back in January! He was right, U ALL knew he was right & still elected to appoint a Special counsel! TRUMP is a VICTIM of spying, lying & denying from our OWN intelligence KLAN that wanted him out! We LOVE TRUMP
Are you being serious? 

You think the @FBI should listen to Russia's opinion?

What happened to conservatives? Why are you all willing to sell our country out to our enemies? 

This is absurd.
@techindustry funny how Russia seems to be the only one that you trust, everyone else is fake news!
Perhaps because they told the truth & DNC, FBI, Rosenstein, McCabe & Mueller were all liars & corrupt in the coverup for the DNC/Clinton! This was a Witch Hunt. Our President tells the truth over and over while Democrats lie & cover up & now commit murders to get gun control.
Oh, that makes it much clearer.. you and the Russians claim foul so we need to believe you?
You are really starting to sound desperate..
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! 'Russia said' BWAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Someone needs to tell Don about the Fusion transcript
most of the people in prison say they are not guilty #Dotard. keep giving Mueller all he needs. you really are stupid,tbh.
So you are STILL colluding with Russians?!!  WOW
well if they said it you have to believe them
Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is "A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE." Very unfair!
RUSSIA JUST SAID???!!!!!! ARE YOU EVEN TRYING TO HIDE BEING A TRAITOR JUST A LITTLE BIT??!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Then you have noting to vorry about, eh comrade?
So we're supposed to believe Russia now? Putin is a murdering thug. I'm so sick of you and Fox News pushing his agenda. Now I really believe it's ALL true and I support a full and thorough investigation.
oh ffs ... you twit. Taking Russia's word? WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU!!!! Just resign already.
Omg. Boo Hoo to them. Asking again please get on the right medications.  Unfair is what they did let alone criminal.
Let me get this straight you believe Russia but not your own intelligence groups, you're a Russian controlled traitor and must go to jail now
Oh Lordy, I wish I wish I could be a fly on the wall for your interview with Mueller.
Because Russia doesn’t lie?
Well, if Russia said it, it must be true. Thanks for clearing that up for us!
OK Then !! @realDonaldTrump Now Back #TrumpRussiaCollusion 
#TrumpRussiaCoverUp #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #TrumpCrimeFamily 
#RussiaGate
well heck, if Russia said it it must be true eh? #WRONG! This Tweet has been saved as evidence to be used in your trial
@Trump_Regrets @realDonaldTrump I mean, did you really not see the civil war coming during his campaign? We DID warn you.
how's that working out for you?
that's terrible. I'm sorry a few poor examples have done this.
What a contrast: a legitimately elected POTUS says farewell while you scramble to deflect reports of treason & perversion.
This is the lie you told- refuted by Don Jr- that convinces me of the worst http://politi.co/2dYFocg 
just in case people need to get caught up on #GoldenShowers
Why can't the IC get his testimony and any evidence sent to them
There is something bigger happening. Our electrical grids are in Jeopardy. https://twitter.com/vidalexperience/status/820476330798182400 …

Liar!

.@realDonaldTrump oh good! Let's have a pee pee party and celebrate. #peeotus #POTUSELECT #goldenshowers #GoldenShowerstrump
stop obsessing on her. This is about Mr Pee Pee Pants
sorry, President Elect Pee Pee Pants.
ok? This a standoff in the middle school playground? You gonna bully me into a corner? I think not. Go away puddin u bore me
huh? I'm waking up on a cruise ship in the Bahamas. Life is good. And I'm the owner of the stations. They play what I say to
And of course we should just believe the Russians. Nice to know you trust Putin (who wants to destoy us) more that US Intel
you always come across as Mr Wonderful  humble not your strong suit
glad we're listening to russia now!
and what do you expect them to say? "And we would have gotten away with it if it wasn't for you meddling kids"?
@WSJ 2011年4月21日 #刘光溪 受 #秦光荣省长 #曹建方 副省长的委托云南省政府成立 #泛亚 的目的诈骗全国百姓430亿昆明市长 #张祖林 现副省长致辞视频回放 #云昆政府
The Sore Losers growing desperate  mentally insane, worried of true justice have no facts but slandering.
Methinks he dost protest too much.
Unfair, yes. But don't let 'em c u sweat. Ur better than that.

We will never forget.
We will never accept.
We will never ease up.
We will never back down.…
have you ever seen a greater narcissistic Baffoon than trump?
It sounds like what Obama probably said while you were spreading the birther lie for years. What goes around comes around.
you are a liar no one believes you  #traitor #treason #impeach @nytimes @washingtonpost @CNN
Booohooo the press doesn't like meeeee,  im gonna revoke alll their credibility by crying UNFAIR!....!!!!.....!!!!yea, rt
not as much fun when the news is about you I suppose
will you be requiring all fed employees to undergo urine testing?
Quotes the Russians to prove he's not close to the Russians...
.@realdonaldtrump You're angering so many Americans with your great love for #Russia,or more specifically,Dictator Putin. SMH
@LouiseMensch What about the Russian spy ship? The launching of  missles by Russian? The Russian planes buzzing ours?
No comments on any of these very important issues. Why?
Oh well that makes it all ok. Because if Russia says it, it MUST be true. How effing stupid do you think Americans are?????
"Unfair" is the domain of second graders missing recess as a punishment. Man the fuck up
crybaby
UNFAIR TO THE people you've been lying to all THIS TIME!
YOU'RE A DAMNED LIAR.
TAKE YOUR FAMILY and go LIVE WITH Putin
of course your Russian masters are protecting their asset
'russia just said ... ' so it must be true . mhm ...
@MarkHalperin Oh, excuse me, I didn't read fully. If Russia said it's a fabrication than it MUST be true. You're fucked.
https://www.facebook.com/usauncut/videos/1439061286128348/?hc_ref=NEWSFEED …
Unfair? Defrauding people at Trump University, now that's unfair.
Donald, Donald, Donald. Consider the source.
Thank you for finally setting CNN in their place! During the election I started boycotting them and will never go back!
CONGRESSIONAL MEDAL OF HONOR recipient, SGT (R) Gary Beikirch needs you https://www.savemyvet.com/metal-honor-recipient/ …
: ah ah idiot!!!
showing true colors? Russian intel better than US and GB? Who are your trusted sources, Donald?
Getting your news from Russia, eh?  On C-SPAN?  You dolt. I'm a pug puppy but I'm so much smarter than you it's scary!
the DEMs has an undying  motive #stopDems
and you know that ... Only you. Another big, fat lie by non other than Trumplethinskin
if Sorros is behind this, why not send him to Putin, who I understand WANTS him.  i.e. arrested there.
You've lied so many times no one believes you now. VERY SAD! #NotNormal #NotMyPresidentElect
Russia says? You live in the United States of America.  You better listen to what your Security  Council says. #WTFman
Do a great job!
oh so now you believe Russia? How convenient...
AH LETS SEE CAN WE REMEMBER YOUR CRAP ABOUT A BIRTH CERTIFICATE THAT YOU KEPT PUSHING. KARMA
hahaha...another #LIE....come tRumpster, don't be so EXTRAVAGANT with the lie....it'd be more believable! 
1st AMMENDMENT: FREEDOM OF PRESS!Just because u don't like it, its not fake. FBI's investigating you.True fact, real news!
Yeah, of course they did, you stupid fuck. What scares me is that you believe them over the CIA and MI6. Sad. Bigly sad.
If Russia says its a fabrication, then ok, I always believe them, because when have they ever acted against our interests?
What it is Fair in this country today Mr.President? The MentalityMust Change in order to be a better Country for all people
Best way to manage Trump is to watch the one news station he despises CNN ratings need to soar!!  Hold him accountable!!
It's obvious for rational people what's going on here! Pls give dem dignifying silence!
who CARES what Russia says? Wtf?
what Russia just said it so it must be true this man is delusional takes the word over Russia over 13 intelligence agency
At pressers, many rows of seats.  Put CNN back a few, if not to the back wall.  Put middle America up front. YES.
Why Do you Believe And Support Russia ahead of believing the United States intelligence agencies
didn't you host Miss Universe there??
"very unfair"  what are you?  two?
I can see u doing that so I'm waiting to see it proved
O God, I just realized you're going to ALL CAPS the Presidency! Is this your super-secret plan? Is this the truth of #MAGA?
RUSSIA SAID???!!!! SERIOUSLY????
it just goes to show that the left knows you will be an awesome President, and that they will not win in 2020.
FEDERAL MAFIA DON TRIES TO FRAME TRUMP. FAKE NEWS. FEAR OF AG SESSIONS PROSECUTING FEDERAL GANGLAND
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10212095401048502&id=1479296415 …
life  isn't  fair 
Yeah, we really believe it when you deny something and the Russians confirm your denial!
seek.  International Law that is applicable to the destruction of our government , the use of propaganda by foreign gov.
It's for the first time, that a Vice President found my interest . I wish you a very good cooperation ! All the best
Stop tweeting, please, you're embarrassing yourself and your supporters, also the ppl whining about ur tweets are annoying
I wonder if it is even possible for you to not look like a stooge for Russia? #PEEOTUS
what else would they say? Really?  Duh!!!
I did not vote for Trump because of Russia but because of Obama, Clintons and bad politics.
You are utter nonsense and a Complete Joke.
Proof you are a con man in cahoots with the Russians
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork.
.@realDonaldTrump
Donald Trump's choice to lead defence: Vladimir Putin 'is trying to break the north Atlantic alliance' http://on.ft.com/2iouaxb 
.@realDonaldTrump @FT @FinancialTimes
Who better to trust.
SERIOUSLY?   you ask Americans to believe Russians over our own INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES?  NEVER HAPPEN
Would have thought 2 most powerful men in world being on speaking terms is positive. Why is media trying to wedge apart?
Наш новый пароль" Ёжкин кот".
We knew it was a lie to smear you.
IMPEACH THIS CROOKED FUCK 
IMPEACH THIS CROOKED FUCK 
IMPEACH THIS CROOKED FUCK 
IMPEACH THIS CROOKED FUCK 
IMPEACH THIS CROOKED FUCK
I  believe you,  but gotta let it go, there's bigger fish to fry when you become Pres.  Gota get the country together now.
That's right
Russia said stories that they hacked the DNC emails were untrue. So there's that
The more caps you use, the less we believe you. You are so immature. So childish. Such a dope! It must be hard on you.
fake news didn't bother you when it got you elected #donthecon #asterisk #comraddonald #puttiespuppet
Hmm and trust a Communist... Are you the love child of Stalin??
why would we believe Russia?! They lie as much as you do
You should start working for Putin since you believe the Russians so much.
Are you a Russian? Your birth certificate??!!
and you would know wouldn't you

Go assemble more folders of blank paper for your fake divestment
FU we don't care what Russia says #Americans trust our @FBI @CIA @NSAGov and 62 million DO NO trust #Trump #notmypresident
I guess the media has forgotten that the CIA paid election workers to interfere with the Russian elections in 2011.
if you couldn't whine about everything being "unfair" what would you do? Nothing you did to Hillary seemed unfair??
@MarkHalperin at your inauguration there is a  server to serve you w/conflict of interest five minutes after Inauguration
Um, I would feel better if the CIA and FBI were saying it was fake, rather than Russia since it's, you know, about them.
once again taking Russia over the USA! Not the American way of doing things!!! Not your brothers keeper #HeHatesUSA #Putin
many people are saying its true.  I believe the "many" people over you. 
/ It's ok, people are so jealous of your accomplishments. I always admired your business sense & never give up attitude !
I should believe Russia over my own country?  Is this what you are saying?  Wow.
very unfair!!!! Wah wah wah, I'm a child!!! Donnie no respect!!! You're worthless!!!
If there wasn't anything to it you wouldn't have to be tweeting about it so much
Here's 20 cents, call all your friends and give me back the change.
this Intel community had reached a failure ,never happened in the American history before
you signed up for all this. Pull your granny panties up and be a big girl now.
too good too be a lie! Too many details! A video as well
It's sad when we have to rely on Russia to debunk "FAUX News CNN" and BuzzFeed.  Our media has thrown out ethical journalistic standards.
@MarkHalperin yeah fake news issoooo unfair! That's what you did to Hillary and obama, asswipe!
stop trying to Spin the Truth its out #GoldenShowerGate  you are and will always be #hombrepuerco #liar #Americaknows
Why would you accept word of foreign dictator over your own IC? You lie all the time. Do you think Putin does not lie?
nobody believes any of this BS!!
true the presstitute media are so far up themselves they are deluded and have lost all credibility
Your are THE REAL MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE
It feels like you keep telling us to trust Russia
Right. Because Putin has always been such a stand up guy. Smh
Conrad Trump putting Russia first again. And still refusing to implement Russian sanctions. Guilty party of one, your table *cough* cell is ready.
Russia just said the unverified BIRTHER report by Orange Moron is "A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE." #Liar
Did Trump pay Russian hookers to do gross stuff? Many people are saying this. Very good people who really exist.
When you have to keep repeating that something is untrue like this, it's likely true.
@OmarsDaName WRONG
"Let's make the world safe again".
If that denial works, let me know. Next time I blunder at work I'll just say a bloke in the pub says it isn't my fault.
And who should believe them
Are you for real, Donald? Did you and Joey "No Socks" have too much fun at New Year's? What ELSE would Russia say, moron?
Sure...and they would have said otherwise if they were true, right?. They lie, just like you! Your truth is false!
Get ready, Donnie. The video is about to be released. So unfair. Life is so unfair to you. So sad.
Prove it.
stop worrying what we think of you  You do have a job to do. You'll never win the popular vote. Get over it!
there's a shocker!!
.@realDonaldTrump Bill Clinton said 'I did not have relations with that woman'. Very unfair!
@th3j35t3r So Don you had Weiner framed to bring forward the HRC emails again with help from Lara
Okay, that's not helping.
you want us to believe Russia over America...You are no president
