Usa usa usa!!!
@CNNPolitics Hey Drumpf u insult to POTUS. All u do is criticize & praise yourself. When will u ever validate what u say, or be questioned
As promised, our campaign against the MS-13 gang continues.  "@ICEgov Busts 39 MS-13 Members in New York Operation " htt...
My local government forced the police to destroy a database of known gang affiliates, in the name of #equity. I hope @tedwheeler has not hindered the campaign against MS-13 putting his constituents at risk.
YOU just showed the whole world: When you're scared, you BLUFF. Dangerous! #trump #TrumpRussia #Resist
Here's a tissue paper.
Need to stop gangs in Bridgeport, CT. and every major city and small town.  A few of Navy Seal teams to help law enforcement would be nice.
that is not going to help
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 6 Months, 28 Days, 19 Hours, 10 Minutes, and 53 Seconds
Till he's re-inaugurated
Not happening, Chica
Think I've heard that one before... then Hillary had to concede to him
Tbh, I would love to see how he would be able to even last through 2017...
You're out of your mind.
Ha ha ha ha ha! TRUMP 2020! MAGA! No one wants to be called a nazi or racist when they aren't. Left promotes self hatred. Lol, good luck!
Get them all get them all out
But then who will you blame all of your problems on?
Whose got problems??  We're getting rid of them!! 
Sharon I KNOW LOLOLOL  besides which party plays the blame game? Not the right that's the hint queen bee
The reality is that if every illegal alien were deported, you would just direct your hate elsewhere in order to feel superior. 

Lol now that's funny...
You want to be specific on how you determine that we hate illegal aliens?  Last time I checked, they're still getting welfare & SSI!
Great job Mr. President! You make me so proud to have voted for you! #MAGA #hesmypresident
How is your campain against alt right white supremacists in the US going? Of that's right, your base. Not doing shit I see. Figures.
@TMB3000 @ICEgov @BreitbartNews I seriously believe there is no redemption for MS-13. Just catch them and shoot them.
Funny! A criminal talking about criminals... You'll be roomies with them soon. I CAN'T WAIT!!
????
Breitbart really....
Keep it coming! #MAGA
how racist. How come u arent focusing on all the white street gangs.......oh wait there arent any. Nevermind.
What about their sponsors ( fmln ) that they killed 4 U.S. Marines and never face the justice ?
#word
Yeah, u better hope they don't come for u.  Another failed initiative.
Not something you organized. Stop taking credit for other ppl's work & plz resign Sir.
Now let's get the WALL started.
Please don't tweet Breitbart news stories, my Twitter feed just got a bacterial infection.
Damn good job guys
Times  cut back
Just Stop!  Childish.  Crime all over USA and The President noting a sting.   Please!
Why can't you put out a dead or alive bounty on these thugs and let us hunt them like the skunks they are
Taking out obama trash
Russia's attack on our democracy is a far greater crime that you want to ignore.   Canada and Germany now lead the free world.  Sad.
Still waiting for a campaign against real #terrorists--the #KKK, #neonazis and the other "#altright" groups.
Liar, again.
Keep going, round them all up.
That's ok but it's just a drop in the bucket . I hear they are in the thousands.
Bluffer.
It will make us safer!   Wish we could use the death penalty on the real bad ones.

I don't care if they were american. Get rid of them.
You are the most hated man in the world.

Carrier moving Trump jobs to Mexico https://www.axios.com/carrier-moving-jobs-trump-vowed-to-save-to-mexico-2446291250.html …
do you read anything but breitbart? Oh, wait, I forgot, you don't read.
You promised you wouldn't cut Medicaid. PROMISE BROKEN!
Turds, pooops and turds
You make me sick. I can't wait until your gone.
They are Obama's peeps.
Try again
Promises made, promises kept!  Keep it going Mr. Trump. We back you 100%  #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp #TermLimits
And you put a link for Breibart? Must we really take you seriously?
But it would also be great if you went after La Raza in the southwest especially California.

Congratulation
Oh ..  wow... you ..  you are so GREAT! Almost 40 criminal suspects arrested in your first 200 days.... only because you gave the order...
SOS
VENEZUELA
EN EL PODER PSUV
HAY UNA PANDILLA DE ASESINOS
EL MUNDO VE
Y NO HACE NADA.
VER @vivoplaynet 
@TomasGuanipa 
@CitasAgudas
WE NED A CRAKDUN ON DEMMS DEMSS R ILEGIL TAKL SPEACH!!!!!

#EndFreeSpeech
It is not the job of the federal government to pursue private citizens. Read the constitution!!!
Good job Mr president
YES!! WINNING!! Obama should be jailed for allowing them in!
I bet those Carrier employees are thrilled!!!
LAW ENFORCEMENT & ORDER NOW ##PERSIST
This isn't new and it was he who set up the task force. This has been happening for some time
*was not he who set it up
I trust nothing from Breitbart
Lie lie lie we don't trust you.
Yeah they've been busting them for years now,  what's your point?
Soooo many other gangs from places no wall can be built
Don't forget, gangs & drug dealers not only on streets but, hidden within factories to juice & recruit workers for own purposes.
Lol like u had anything to do w this?
liar
This is the only fuckin thing you got right so far Mr Pres impress me some more please!!

Maybe Mexico should build a wall to keep the trumpkins out. They could make the gop pay for it
Another gang will just fill the cracks you can't stop them it's called real power and they have it

This can not stop. This can not take a vacation. They need to be eradicated. Gangs are domestic terrorists. Not just MS-13.
It's a sad day when the Pres tweets a  Breitbart article. Just another deflection from health care and lies about tapes.
Wait until they come for YOU. #FakePresident #ImpeachTrumpNOW
I can't believe it we have a real President.
and when did you promise that?
But they are big Trump supporters and have people right beside Trump
#FakeNews
And your idea about a solar wall you took from a vet. It was not your idea at all you Conman of America.
More lies
Mr. President here in AZ we see signs of MS13 migrating toward us, hospitals are reporting their gang related activities here! Cut them off!
Can you please come to California and scoop up Gov Moonbeam & his corrupt minions?!?  Please?!?
You do know that we were fighting that war long before you were elected, right?
There are still thousands of these gang members on our streets. Process of removal taking far too long.
HAHAHAHA you had NOTHING to do with that one
Any updates on your campaign against America #fakepresident?
They randomly round up based on there records. Note: None were currently involved with any crimes. No criminal charges filed. Fake news.
#RidTgeUSAOfAllIllegals
#MAGA @realDonaldTrump
But Bary said they were all a bunch of kids...
Bary LIES better than the carpet in my basement !
deport them now
Your rethuglican gang is far more dangerous to America than is MS-13!
These are tweets I can agree with!! #getridofcriminals
And also going after people who have no criminal record & have families here, including people who have served in our military.
All Bad Hombres 
Keep it up don't let them rest.
 yeah, you should get acquainted with prosecution of organised crime cc @LouiseMensch
This is another obummer fail. Instead of deoorting them he moved them to another state. I seriously believe he is trying to wipe us all out
They've ruined many lives and the People of El Salvador are tired of them and want them gone.
Did not see this in any of the media only Russia
LMAO They were doing this BEFORE you and theyll continue to do it after you
Send those useless gangbangers back to El Savidor where they dont even want them either
#MAGA
As promised by the constitution. You will be brought to justice. The investigation continues.
so do we build more prisons or set up the execution firing squad?
Like the last sweep, when you found that most were citizens, born and bred in the USA?
Thank God!!! We have not been safe in long time. Ship them out
TY... Obama wanted them to come out of the shadows.. ICE is doing a great job of that..
With respect Mr #Trump this is a drop in the bucket, hardly something to be crowing about, been going on for years.
That gang has been around for a while and u haven't heard about it what rock u been hiding under
Now send them back home! Don't spend another tax $ on these criminals!
Why do you even acknowledge them? By speaking their name from the most important person in the USA, you only make them more legitimate.
happy about that , now prosecute Hillary like you promised
You DO know MS13 originated in El Salvador, right?? NOT Mexico. Someone on your team should know that.
@trenni I hope this doesn't ruin your weekend....
Hahahahahahahaha You can't even put a dent in the organization they are larger then our us military force
Tweet implies that you find out what our govt is doing just like we do - from the media. If it ain't on breitbart, didn't happen. Amirite?
Thank you President Trump 
Hahaha! You think Breitbart is a reputable news source! Hahahaha!
You're demented.
What about your... as promised taxes???
Why are you sharing Breitbart? Only lessens your credibility!
AMEN! Now if the @TheJusticeDept will stop the sedition of Obama & KLAN and Fire Mueller and @FBI stop lying about Russia as excuse 4 spying
hopefully u realize there will be gang wars over the vacated market share? But at least they'll be American #MAGA
Wonderful News!!
It has Nothing to do with You, that's there job. And they have always done that.NO CREDIT IS DUE TO YOU
Keep up the great work.
Last tactic before total fall in Civil War II by Thomas Chittum is the gangs organize.
#WhereIsBlackSmackDaddyLongLegs
#CommunityOrganizing?
And the campaign to impeach you continues as well. Each day they get closer and closer. Each of your tweet rants revels more and more guilt
MOST ILLEGALS BELONG TO ANY GANGS. STOP AND CHECK THEM ALL FOR COMPLIANCE FOR CARRYING FIREARMS.
You can't help but stir the pot of fear you have created.
Great stuff, all around. Now about that Wall. . .
please hit fairfax county n prince william county in virginia also !  gangs still very active !
You haven't done squat! You are such a liar and a fraud.
Promises never kept by you
THANK YOU ICE!!
We want ALL gang members DEPORTED, W NO TRIAL, & microchipped where can't b removed. Those who return get death by injection. No more games.
Thank you for #MAGA!
Oh no that's now 78 less democratic votes 
Get those bad hombres out of our country!! Thank you ICE agents!!
Please eradicate them Mr. President! All of them gangs across the country until there's none left.
That's great, but when are you going to take on the Clinton Crime Family and Obama's gang???
You also promised not to cut Medicaid.
I cannot begin to express how fucking stupid this tweet is.
Can you believe it. The president of the United states promoting Breitbart!
#potusBannon you're doing a great job!
That's 39 out of what 1 city, out of 50 states... 
Would you rather have them stay ? Find some good please
Cleaning up another democlown mess.
ICE deporting veterans is wrong and cruel
ICE deporting parents of American children is WRONG & heartless
They probably WANT to be arrested.  At least then they get healthcare.
Any Russian gangs on your list or are you just focusing on the darker skinned ones first?
