are you totally delusional?  Along with millions of jobs what about all the unicorns you saved too?
By selling $110 billion in weapons to a country where 15 of the 9-11 attackers came from 
but it was ok when Obama and Hillary did it, right?
Notice I said nothing defending them in my statement....
You are so cute man
Thank you
You can't even save face, let alone jobs! You're a opportunistic embarrassment!
What do you think abt @BarackObama shadowing you on ur first Foreign Trip as @POTUS? Obama is insufferable! Dogmatic in destroying #America
What will it take for citizens to see that O was chosen &groomed to destroy America?A fake birth certificate?
#RESISTANCE   @POTUS What color is the sky in your world?  You sold to Saudis,but no US jobs. $ for Corps. Offended/bullied  allies. Asshat
This is the most stupidt Tweet  i have Read ever - Bad very bad


You're a liar and all you'll ever be is a liar.
Next time go with "zillions" and "gazillions", it sounds even bigger.
Imagine all of the jobs if you went along with Solar power and climate control programs.
We're going to have to do this ourselves it's pretty freaking obvious we will figure this out
U have done nothing to save anyone any money, nor save any American jobs. Stop making ridiculous claims that r not true.
Huh? How, exactly, have you reached this interpretation?
If you define success as making an embarrassment of yourself, then yes it was successful Every country now laughs at you and has no respect
But, the corrupt media is here trying to convince us that your trip is a failure!  They "mock" you constantly and deliver us FAKE NEWS! Why?
The #FAKENEWS media can't answer this question..
#TrumpsAMoron #Trumpisanembarassment
Congratulations & Thank You Mr President 
#Winning #America1st #AmericaFirst #EvilLosers
None of that can be validated. Why don't we just stick with the facts - the trip was a disaster. Why didn't you take @PressSec to see Pope?
By doing what? Destroying and annoying. You behaved like a four  year old Boy?
"Millions of jobs."  He'll provide evidence of this as soon as he proves there were 3 million fraudulent votes.
You are so full of sh*t! Your #'s are getting lower, millions of Americans are figuring out your are on #teamRUSSIA! #trumprussia #RICO
Translation: "I sold billions of dollars worth of weapons technology to our enemies and the very country responsible for the 9/11 attacks."
@JaneLane101010 Say no to Paris Accord & its global warming nonsense.
Show us the math please
You. Are. Delusional.
Right. You saved us money as you spent millions on your lavish golf outings. Give me a break
When data and evidence is not a problem...
Armchair political analysts on Twitter make me laugh!
You are so very delusional. It's scary!
Pure delusion.  Or maybe dementia.  Sad.

or you may have swallowed your  foot, god whats that smell ?
You are the worst president in history, your a liar, bigot, crook you and your family needs to get locked up. Thief!!!
You truly are delusional.
Thank you POTUS #MAGA

How did you save millions of jobs on your visit?
Do you just make things up when you type ...or do you just not understand what words mean?
What the hell happened to the "STAMINA" you LIED about having? Having to take a GOLF CART?
WTF you cost the Americans more money than any president in history. Seriously fake news. Yikes
In what way have you saved USA many billions of dollars & millions of jobs. I see nothing you did to foster this statement.
Millions of jobs? You are so full of it


You are delusional.
Just cause you say it doesn't make it so .. most of us aren't that stupid
Starting to remember what it feels like to have a great leader
Just shoved people around in Europe.  Not sure why I am really here....but I am in all the pics.
Good luck
LIAR, you did not, you are costing jobs, you are hurting the US you are a traitor, you need to go to jail, resign
You couldn't make a deal with a 4th grader for a squeeze of GoGurt
All the while embarrassing yourself, your wife, the USA, and the world. I'd say your big trip was a tremendous success.
#weakestPOTUSever
Why don'tUjust shut theF up?
No one believes a wordUsay,ever!
ImpeachmentArticlesAre
Already being drawn up.
ThereIs a GOD
U'll answer2 Him.
Your success was alienating our allies and making your puppeteer Putin happy. Move to Russia MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!
Such exaggeration on every angle.
Could you give the American public a breakdown of where those millions of jobs will be coming from?
I'm assuming it was your extreme constipation that rendered you unable to walk in Italy. Because you are full of crap.
lol
be-LIE-ve
You're nearing impeachment, and the most disgraced President in history regardless. Interesting goals if you call that success. cc @FBI @CIA
Millions of jobs? How is that even a thing? You're an embarrassment of epic proportions.
Provide proof of those billions and millions.  Some of us out here are pretty sure that you're just a big, damned liar.
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/868555906799120384 …
Can you even count?? #math #numbers #G7Summit
You did no such thing. Stop it. You are making us all look bad.
You belong in an assisted living facility for elderly senile incontinent men. #impeach #ImpeachTrump
You're in LA LA Land! Your son-in-law planned a backchannel with Russia, and you forced Obama to release his birth certificate. TRAITOR!
No you didn't.
#President Trump #TrumpRevolution #Patriots Taking back Control of our Country! #POTUSTrump is 10 moves ahead on the chessboard of the world
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=BoYDP2cWH-A …
#SaudiaArabia  Trump speech on extremist

Hyperbole much? (Ask someone what that means)
POTUS, please, comeback Liberals are brewing the witches pot again. And the blood stains all American flags.
Millions of jobs!!!
When you say stupid stuff like that Donnie nobody listens.
President Donald Trump's approval rating fell sharply this week as some of the folks who voted for him in droves have backed away from Trump
The man brings a private sector mentality to the public sector. If he is able to implement this approach he will be enormously successful.
I am so thankful this fake Presidency is almost over, and Trump and his associates are heading to prison.
Go Trumpster! I come on here to get a good laugh out of the Regressive Leftists. So much butthurt!
Does lying feed your soul?  Oh, that's right--you have no soul.
Give me hell POTUS!
Very good thank you mr. president.
This has been the worst world trip EVER. LOSERS on a plane. @realDonaldTrump is a big fat loser.
All lies. #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpCrimeFamily #alternativefacts #LiarInChief
Name one. Name one job you've saved. And when you say "saved the USA many billions of dollars," you mean saved you & your cronies, right?

You are a joke.
In fact, you embarrassed your country with your crass behaviour and ignorance. Only rubes believe your nonsense.
Great tour! Proud of you!
Didn't realise India was part of America. No wonder your jobs stats are booming
Can you break this down into which companies had jobs saved, where money was made, etc.  Stop talking in general terms.
Thank you Mr President
And reality says: YOU LIED.
Do you use your fingers to count? Just curious.
Please elaborate. How did u save jobs?

@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @VP @DonaldJTrumpJr  @EricTrump @IvankaTrump   @DanH805  #MAGA #AmericaFirst #BuildTheWall  https://twitter.com/danh805/status/868306034644754437 …
President, you have done these things very well  ..
In what way was it successful? In what way did you save the USA billions of dollars and millions of jobs? I don't believe you. Empty words.
Successful in that Agent Orange didn't start WWIII?
Trip very successful? Ahahahaha. In what, embarrassing yourself the entire time and alienating our allies. Pathetic potus.
Hopefully when you get back to the US, impeachment papers will be served.
Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and ...
Congratulations for a good job you have done to Americans God bless you
How does a trip to another country save jobs or create jobs here please explain
You wanna save the US billions of dollars? Stop making us pay for your golf trips!!!
Still on crack I see !
What about these homegrown terrorists?
The whole world knows your $100 billion arms deal is just hot air, like you.
مبروك لشعب امريكا
رئيس قوى يستغل سذاجتنا نحن العرب
يبيع لنا وهم الأمن والحمايةوالديمقراطية
وينشط تجارة السلاح الأمريكية ويفوز بمليارات العرب
#Trump2020
Mr. Trump, if you made/saved all this $, why are messing up people's lives with cuts to health insurance/ Medicaid, etc, etc
How?
#delusional

all you are doing feels succesful toyourself? really??
Can't wait for you to be impeached. You're destroying America. Traitor Trump. Illegitimate president
Oh really?  HOW is that?
ok..
What are you smoking, and can I have some?
Whatever!!
You're an embarrassment for this country.
our alleged C-in-C never stops lying, it's absolutely impossible for him to tell the truth!
Are u sure?
you are the greatest
Cozied up to all the dictators & snubbed all the democratic leaders. You are not the leader of the free world because you are incompetent.
you have carrot skin and your hair is a mop

nice
Liar
Keep it up sir Great job Mr President
lol, where is all this money you claimed to make? your pockets?
PUTIN IS LAUGHING AT US
What B###s###! spewing out of your mouth. You're so afraid of being laughed at so you lie to look good to your ignorant base
#TheResistance
Where's my job
Liar!!
Fake news
Well ESPIONAGE DONNIE. "If u can't dazzle them with brilliance baffle them with bullshit"
How can u lie so openly knowing that no one believes a word u say?
LIAR
How
F.U.
Nice lies you got there, would be a shame if anyone were to check them. Oh wait... #conmaninchief
Really how about USA poor representation and ridiculous attitude of our president?
Mr President, so proud of you and First Lady. You are truly making America great again. God bless you and your family.
Nothing you have ever done has been successful. ConMan never are successful they just portray that image #FakePeople
vague vague....... no facts.....again...... You're a walter mitty...  Europeans won't swallow your lies
Where did the money come from?
