President Trump, you're doing an excellent job and the majority of the US agrees. Ignore the Liberal Democrats BS and fabricated polls. 

Taxpayers dollars hard at work. Someday The working class will protest until this waste of money stops.

That because POTUS you did what was right. Dems hate that. Excellent Job POTUS. A two for one.
WE NEED A DOCTOR IN T HOUSE TO EXAMINE T BLOOD  SUCKING LEECHES. WE AMERICA CAN'T KEEP CARRYING THESE SELF SERVICING TRAITORS YR. AFTER YR
The gig is up. Will you flee to Russia?
EWE...totally grossed out. 
This is true. But, the timing & method employed doesn't necessarily smell like it's clean. Not to mention, that back then, you cheered him.
@glenitsmetrish ABSOLUTELY!!!! Complete hypocrisy! #StandWithTrump #draintheswamp #ShowSupport
Everyone including Dems aggrieved at you. Phony +Hypocrite +malignant narcissist=Donald Trump,the impeachable President
Please remove yoursel from office.  We deserve a real leader with values and honesty.

"You Want To Create A False Narrative" Sarah Sanders Destroys Reporter O... https://youtu.be/gaEUC1wrFrg  via @YouTube
NO, this is abt you firing the man heading the investigation of ur corruption & fr whom u demanded a LOYALTY OATH. U r not in RUSSIA!
this isn't about Democrat vs. Republican; it's about decency, sanity, & ethical leadership vs. whatever-the-hell-you-are.

#Libtards=#ButtHurt!!!
Dems are delighted Commey is gone are worried sick to the stomach when exactly they are gone too Mr. President.Hi! CS,Hi! EW,is that you NP?
No, they're aggrieved about you firing Comey whilst he is investigating you. It's what you did, and why, that counts here..
Nothing to do with Comey, Everything to do with you!
You fired him because he has Evidence that you Colluded with Russia. Even your Trumpettes KNOW that! You're a LAWLESS CRIMINAL #PutinsPuppet
You're obviously missing the point that some issues are bigger than party.
Well dumptrump, you're the King Pretender. So I guess you'd know.
You can't even decide why you fired him! Which lie to with? Gets hard to keep them all straight, eh?
Wrong, you idiot. They're upset that you fired him while INVESTIGATING RUSSIAN INTERFERENCE with the election, moron!
@POTUS44 should have fired him in October. You fired #Comey because he was investigating your collusion with Russia. #FakePresident #Russia
But they NEVER called for his resignation! That's how out of touch you are with real Americans who get a paycheck!
If Obama fired Comey when he was investigating Clinton you'd be screaming conspiracy and you know it!
Let talk about Jeff Sessions. Is his plan to arrest the elderly ill people on medical marijuana?
You suck so bad at Presidenting. I mean, so bad. It's like, he can never get worse. And then it's the next day. And we were proven wrong.
Please Mr President , Keep your word  you said She Deleted The Emails She Has To Go To Jail.We trusted you to see that tbrough @POTUS


Phony. Hypocrite. @realDonaldTrump
Would be hillarious if it didn't involve a Potus. Try reading his biography. 20 hours of interviews & result is terrifying. This man couldn't even manage his own affairs.
Calling a large chunk of the population hypocrites won't win you any support. You won, act like it.
Presidents don't call 50%+ of the country names. #yournameisshame
Comey was right for investigating Hillary Your WRONG  WRONG WRONG for firing him while hecwas investigating him
Dont fall for this democrat verse relublican divisive nonsense..
If you all don't like him so much why are you following him? He's a much better president than Clinton and Obuma lol. Obuma was fake
Here. Here. I second that vote for Trey Gowdy as FBI director.
多地中石油加油站加油无法网络支付 疑受病毒攻击中新网北京5月13日电 今日全国多地的中石油加油站加油无法进行网络支付，只能进行现金支付。中石油有关负责人表示，怀疑受到病毒攻击，具体情况还在核查处置中。
Liar. FBI is getting close to you and Russian collusion. And where are your 2016 tax returns?
You did say "She deleted the emails , she has to go to jail " Let's get''r done #LockHerUp @HillaryClinton Federal Prison for life
You people seriously need to find hobbies and leave my president alone.
Until his testimony gets investigations into lynch then hate him again .
We are supporting you 100% Sir !! Keep WINNING we love you !! 

don't call out names when you are even worse, your a gigantic hypocrite
#ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #Treason #ObstructionOfJustice #Dictator
They don't care about Comey, they care about y you fired him. You're pathetic. Cant believe you're the president. Biggest joke in US history
You are so clueless.  He is investigating you now, and you fired him.  The timing is what Dems are mad about, not Comey.
I can recommend another government official that should be fired. He's been seen golfing every weekend on taxpayers dollars. Very heavy.
A man fires someone to their face.
The real ? is, what are you hiding Mr President?
You liked him when he Lied about Hillary being Investigated Again and he didn't even mention Your Investigation during the Election...
I thought Comey was slim and handsome
and he has an honest face
These are the good things you do.  Being combative with the hysterical democrats and MSM is a good thing.  Replace all top level at FBI.
You only fired him when the FBI was following more leads into high level treason with your appointees.
@realDonaldTrump #lie #lies #lie #lie #lie #lies #lie #lier #lie #lie #lies #lie #lie #lie #lies #lie #lies #lie #lies #lie #lie #lie #lies
Y not bring unity instead of dividing citizens by party? As POTUS the hate mongering words r very damaging #ImpeachTrump
you forget; things have changed since the election; Comey is investigating you !!! it's so disingenuous of you to gloss over that;
President Sessions really fooled you.
You invited him to dinner! You lied on tv.
Tray Gowdy should take Comey's place
TIMING, 45, TIMING yeah, last year,Fire him on Jan 20?This was completely self serving, coverup, . HAHA Who typed that big word for you?
You loved Comey before the election
Most Americans have been complaining about u, will be happy when u get fired;)
There's a difference between asking him to step down on his own and you firing him days after he sought money to investigate you
You said he was a great guy and you had faith in him.  Who's the phony #failingPOTUS45? Was he getting too close to the truth for you?
We all know who you work for! #Trumprussia #Trump #TrumpTrain #ImpeachTrump #impeach
It's called obstruction of justice when you fire the person investigating you. I have popcorn ready awaiting your #IMPEACHMENT #COMEY
Now Alice you know that story was debunked! What else have u got?
No it wasn't.
Yes Alice it was any more propaganda?
That doesn't make sense.
Checking out the Thesaurus today aren't you? "Phony hypocrite" is redundant.
These politicians find out what's going on early during their indoctrination and then of course,they learn how to steal #truth #MAGA
It's not that you fired him, it's that he was involved in investigating you, and THEN you fired him. Are you really this dense?
To Russia with : "I just fired the head of the FBI he was crazy, a real nut job. I faced great pressure because of Russia That's taken off"
And you? You've said it's because of Russian investigation. This doesn't look to good
This "insanity" coming from the MSM to brace up the ultra left Democrats isn't going to stop for "8" years! AGENDA! FORWARD THE AGENDA!
That's the pot calling the kettle....
Complaining about someone doing their job only when it's opportune for their career is the issue. He should have investigated emails earlier
Meanwhile, typical Obama remains silent on the tragedy in #Manchester.   No condolences huh? @realDonaldTrump

Look whos talking about hypocrites
Hahahaha! Funny. Probably got slapped. Now they will have anything to complain about.
I can't believe that this has to be explained to you......Actually I do...
Because Comey was investigating YOUR CAMPAIGN. You fired Comey to take the heat off. Another screw up. You brought more attention to it!
You wont clean up this swamp. Drink swamp mud
YOU ARE THE PHONY HYPOCRITE!
you know the Pres. sets the tone of the nation.  Phony Hypocrite!
Absolutely true!!!
More excuses Mr Trump, shareholders want results. Shut up & make't happen or leave biz w/dignity. Better to've tried & lost then never try.
Mr President. You do know that this is not a "show". Its real life!
Stop with the complaining how is this MAGA? Aren't there better things you can be doing with your time?
Takes a hypocrite to know a hypocrite, eh?
For months Kelly Anne Con-Artist was complaining how awful you were and then you hired her.  You would know about hypocrites.
#CzarTrump The reality is he was getting too close to putting your #CzarTrump ass in jail. Get  golfing, prison courses not so good. #Resign
Why are you still acting like you're trying to win the election?
Wft calling democrats phony hypocrits we need a president who has some respect
its about seperation of powers this is like firing a supreme ct justice cause you don't like a decision
you only fired Comey because he was about to have you put away for 30 or 40 yrs.   you draft dodging lying creep
these people are out for your head, Mr. President. It's time to start cleaning house and #draintheswamp! We the People are fed up!
It was #FireColbert NOT#FireComey. Duh. @StephenAtHome
Stop lying they have not. Listen to the realiable news not fox
A Republican calling someone a hypocrite? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha @GOP
Making America great again by jeopardizing national security brilliant how did this country survive without you?
No defense. Man lied under Oath among other things, that's a trait of the Puzzle Factory not the most admired Police Outfit in World.
Be careful on how the pot is calling the kettle black, pot.
You're right. It's like promising to never play golf because you'll be working too much, and play so much golf. The best golf.
That's an oxymoron. Hypocrites are by nature "phony." Just like you.
Tell em boss
You are also the president of these phony hypocrites, and with all due respect, sir it's about time you started acting like it
@CarolynnMarkie2 
President Trump did the right thing firing Comey. Americans are pleased!!
No your the hypocrite.  What are you hiding

Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper describes US government under assault after Comey firing. http://apne.ws/2qG7Lkk  
Mr President you gotta play their stupid game they are playing! I know you can beat them to their stupid game!
I did complain about Comey, but that doesn't negate your firing person in charge of an active investigation...of you. We see what you did!
Comey's being wrong doesnt mean anything you do is right, chucklehead.
Turkey president you today no tolking.my brain feel and human buy Turkey president human buy my read time lal rayting brain feel Trump tolki
Nailed it!
Please hire Trey Gowdy, Mr. President!!!!!
We won't miss him, except for the part where his firing slows down investigations into u putting Russia ahead of America for ur own benefit
Those whiny babies don't know what they want. Plus I will offer them a little cheese to go with her wine
Are you PRETENDING to not know it's about the timing and his investigation of you, or are you really that stupid? It could go either way.
You can run from the truth but you cannot hide the truth. No president is above the law. Resign.
You're the phony hypocrite & you illegally fired him because he's investigating you & you're shitting your size 5XL pants!!
You are the source of fake news
mr. Trump it is to bad that you have the begining stages of
Demencia,   please stop telling so màny lies and start leading
The dems don't want to hear the truth.
You're the hypocrite. And Liar. Dir. Comey wouldn't be loyal to your corruption. Hiding something? You Constantly Lie. Pathologically.
Reps have been praising Comey for months & months. Now that he's close to exposing Trump they fire him. Phony hypocrites!
And you throw your Vp and others under the bus!
Mr. Presodent. Your best tweet yet. The Democrats are so phony.Thank.God you stand up to.them and the crying media. Keep up the fight.
Amen the Democrats dont seem 2 know whether they are coming/going. They R fighting a loosing battle between themselves & taking it out on U.
Your whole Life is that of #Hypocrisy... Poor Baron has to be exposed to that #Stupidity is #Shameful #BeBetterThanThat
#Classless @realDonaldTrump  you dont get it.  You fired like a slumlord deals with tenants  #investigatetrump   #IndependentCommission
We think you fired him for the sole reason of protecting your ass. You lived him as long as he helped you. I sense some paranoia...

Its about you not Hillary or Comey.  Its WHY you fired him.  Twisting your tweets.
YOU ARE THE HYPOCRITE!!! I can't wait till you are INDICTED...
They are upset becausenow you can move on to #DrainTheSwamp #LockHerUp @HillaryClinton #Huma #Comey #Obama #Lynch #Benghazi #Maga #USA1st
everyone is laughing at you!
Im a deplorable  BUT STOP TWEETING MYSTERIOUS CRAP.  #FACTS
@mcolfer7
Name calling is definitely the best way to make positive change for our country.
-So true!
You mean your nonsense plan to get everyone on your side backfired because the motivation of the firing is so blatant that it's laughable?
Timing,fool.
Yes yes, we understand, nuance is something well beyond your grasp.
Politics, like comedy, is about timing.
You're pretending to be aggrieved over something you celebrated. But thanks for dropping the pretense so quickly.
Do you even LISTEN to what anyone else but your "yes people" say to you? You are just a game show host hack who lies for a living.
Keep going. There are more weasels to fire!
BECAUSE you fired him in the midst of the Russia investigation and lauded him months ago during the Clinton e-mail "scandal that wasn't"
Nope. I'm not a Democrat. I'm an Independent. I'm "complaining" because we all know why you actually fired him. You are the only hypocrite.
I agree.  Anything to smear. If u wanted mint chip ice cream they would fault u for not picking Neapolitan. Looking silly to independents
@LanceSilver1 

Hypocrisy is ~90% of any Dem..
No one is hypocrite but you lied about why. We're just adults and we might like what he did but understand why.
When watching the Lester Holt interview...Don the Con was talking a mile a minute & one had to b concerned he would stroke out.
After all the BS stories...it boils down to one thing...the Intern & Pussy Grabber in Chief saying "you're fired".
Lies, lies, lies. The story changes every hour & every person has a different version.
"So I said to myself..." He's talking to himself (Psychotic in Chief) & someone answers back. The country has a problem.
Trump, you are not normal mentally. Quit the presidency asap, not good for US and world. Tired of watching your news everyday in Japan.
Spoken like the great uniter you promised to be. You are pathetic. Country never so divided as under your "leadership."
Lavrov whom you met this week - it's what he said after meeting Trump - we need an independent investigation NOW! #trumprussia #TrumpLies
The Dems and liberals are double mind in all the ways and thinking they can't even keep up with what is right and what wrong #SupportTrump
You Donald J. Drumpf - flip-flipper in chief - are the single biggest hypocrite the world has EVER seen. Bad  and pitiful man.
Thank you, Mr President. MAGA
They can't help acting precisely of the character they are, Mr. President.
I Mara M. Winters call for a complete shut down of @realDonaldTrump until we find out what the hell is going on!
Hillary blamed Comey for loosing, she said this just a week or so ago. His investigation one reason she lost. Dems cry about everything 
Can't stand the left.  They need to get over their election loss
Mr. President stop complaining about Democrats making yourself look ridiculous being a long time New York Democrat, Republican in wolf skin
Ignoring the fact he's telling the truth?
Nope not ignoring , ridiculous here a grown man complaining whinning instead of being leader not a toddler.
Haven't been listening to Pelosi and her cronies then. Crying, whining, and demanding Comey be gone, now he's gone, crying and whining
There whining is irrelevant they are just Senators ,they are not the President ,he represent this country,&should not be vocal complaining
Uhm... congress, not senate. And they represent our country as well. Perhaps a civics class is in order?
I know Senate is Congress, they are still irrelevant, your point is ...
Point is, they are in fact, hypocrites. They fully exposed themselves this last week.  Speaking truthfully is not whining.
Hang in there President Trump!   We got your back!
Just Twit Whenever You Get Impeached
That's what I told him ha !
Dems just keep crying over losing
Why don't you try just for one day to be presidential. You know - like President Obama - have some class.
WTF did u expect they will always do the opposite of what u want U should praise ANTIFA & tell them to riot & theyll leave us the hell alone
I appreciate the green light to keep rioting. March on fellow commies!
hey you talk about nixon. one thing about nixon he made a mistake.but stood up for it like a man.and resigned to not bring trouble 2amer.
I have never called for his resignation.
we want an investigation and want to know why the Russian meeting left out AMERICAN PRESS... poor excuse for a leader.
Dems have been complaining for months &amp; months about Dir. Comey. Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggri...
The dems know that is they let you do what you want, there won't be a democrat in congress in 2018. That's why they are fighting
@HouseGOP @SenateGOPYou all best pass repeal or @realDonaldTrump supporters will systematically replace you come 2018 elections.
This Bee  Stings!!! MAGA
I agree,the Dem's are lier's,hypocrites and worthless!!
Hmmmmmm
@IvankaTrump again, lets talk about vicious, or can you teach daddy how a president should conduct himself?
