Here's some accumulated data, actual scientific data, proving immigration doesn't increase crime
It's illegal immigration that people are concerned with not immigrants.
Read the report.
Do you understand that reports can be bias. Depending on who or what political interest they serve. We are open to people who come legally.
No we're not
Really then why is crime higher in sanctuary cities? Who wrote report as we now know media & reporters,professors are all bias.
Except it's not.
Yes you are ! How would you know about crime .I'm sure your nice neighborhood doesn't have it.
Hey man, saw your Tweet about data and wrangled some facts about your account, @realDonaldTrump. #dataviz #D3js 
https://blehman.github.io/tweet_bigly/ 
very cool! What scrollytelling library did you use for this?
Howdy. So @vlandham's scroll story tutorial is superb. I used custom d3 forces to build the animation:
Sweet! I will check that tutorial out. I haven't done much with forces either but am eager to do so.
Nonsense
GOD BLESS YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP!
правда. мы создали все лучшие данные.
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/828575949268606977 …
There is no doubt in most American's minds & in fact most of the world thinks that @realDonaldTrump is #PutinsPuppet & definitely doesn't call his own shots.
Transactional and deductive is a practical alternative to an on your knees liberal scripted grovelling supplicance apologetically confronting a frenetic reality coming at us in events, not sentences. Keep up the good work. It's a lot to juggle MAGA
Pedantic much??
try that one again, donny boy
that's a load of 
você vai morrer
SOUNDS LIKE BANNON JUST GIVES YOU THINGS TO SIGN????????  WRITTEN STUFF IS NOT WHAT YOU SAY???  WHICH IS REALLY YOU?????
your face is a lie!

. @realDonaldTrump Can you just go away? You are so not POTUS material.
AMEN

You’ve been outed as complaining about how Bannon snuck onto NSC without your knowledge, you oblivious smudge.
I was a marine, and served in combat. How dare you compare us to Your adopted model " Homeland " mother Russia.Disgusting.

Who's our Big Boy president? You! Yes you are! Yes you are! Your're our Big Big Boy! *kissy sounds*
U call Ur own shots and screw up every dang time;you r NOT a dictator. Hate to tell ya.
you don't know what you are doing. You just like signing shit while people photograph you.  #Trump-Puppet.
WE ARE GRATEFUL TO YOU TRUMP!!!  THANK YOU!!!
Reality check... the shots aren't yours to call. They are based largely are your phobias. You need help!
you don't call any shots. You are the puppet of Bannon and Putin. FAKE PRESIDENT. News are right. Faux news enables you.
LEAVE NOW!
The only marginalization being done is you and your ego.  Listen to the people - We hate, HATE, HATE you!  #impeachTrumpnow
lol
Hey @realDonaldTrump if you want people to believe you're not Bannon's #puppet then grow a pair and remove him from the NSC.
Call your own shots but let your DOJ do the talking!  Hopefully, your AG will be confirmed soon.
It might be the least worrying thing about your presidency,
But you are the most uneloquent president, I've ever heard of.
Steve Bannon is also running Donald's account now. @realDonaldTrump #StopPresidentBannon
your war on the American media, the fourth estate, is deeply disturbing. We have no time for liars, especially you.
please just drop fighting with the media and show them by your actions what a good president you are
.@realDonaldTrump .@POTUS THE ACCUMULATION OF DATA DOES NOT SUPPORT THIS ASSERTION. CAN YOU SHOW OTHERWISE?
yeah....Time to name them!
You tell 'em, Steve
CANT BELEIVE ANY NEWS MEDIA,ALL FAKE NEWS,DEMOCRATS GOT THEM RUNNING SCARED.
#totalitarianism #WeThePeople #narcissism
You are Trump's mouthpiece and he's blowing you like crazy
You are Donald Trump's piece'n'sausage and he's licking his brown sauce aff yeez
@gkjjclark
#PresidentBannon
thanks, president Bannon
Give up on the fake news.  Americans should be worried about a fake president.
does that include hiring ppl to stalk/spy/catfish those who expose u &  have their/my email hacked to "accumulate data"?
the conspiracy is real with you. Want a tinfoil hat?
federal law enforcement disagrees with you, comrade.
doubtful they would tell you anything unless they have enough evidence for charges. If they are guessing that
is irresponsible investigating.
and yet a guy had his bail revoked bcs of it and is in prison. Try harder;)
Trump is in prison? Why isn't this in the news?  If Trump is behind it. But claiming without proof could be
google "Wes Wessels"
Dummkopf If u hv to constantly tell people how BIGLY u think u r well ur pretty much saying ur a loser-winners don't BRAG-they WIN-U fail
Morning #manbaby
Your "own shots" impact a lot of people now. 

You should probably allow some actual vetted information to sneak in between the Fox entertainment and self-congratulations. From literal experts in their fields.
This won't age well
Putin, Macron, agree on need to preserve Iran nuclear deal: Kremlin https://reut.rs/2rapi2N  
Thank God this man is POTUS! None of the government corruption would have seen the light of day, unemployment would still be rising, police/verterans/troops would still be disrespected, ISIS would be stronger instead of almost stopped, etc! #ReleaseTheMemo
Sir if this is so, let some heads roll, because ALL of Washington DC is saturated with corruption. Obviously!
He has got to be the most fake person on the planet! Now that's real news!
Bwahaha  you gather Intel by watching Fox news.

Im not even sure you call your own shots when it comes to wiping your own ass
This simply proves bannon shudnt be no scapegoat of the moore endorsement or anything else! They simply think alike and have same views! Thanks @realDonaldTrump fore confirming how even more unfit you are ;)
Do you?  “Disavow” the GOP tax scheme then and do your Red State voters a solid.
So says the Font of Fake News:
The bots are out in full force. Liberal 1 and 2 line attacks of no substance are meant to reinforce liberals weak minded hate of Trump. These are bots and fake profiles making liberals feel stronger than they are.
Oh, please stop. I beg you for your own http://sake.You  are great. Are you good? Step back and be in that. Pence is just waiting in the wings to take over.Do not cover for him. He is playing you.
Cambridge Analytica accumulated data?

Are you planning on telling that to this guy?
Mueller, "Show me your tax returns". 

You don't call the shots, do you. 
In fact, the ONLY shots you call are on the golf course.  You know, fore, hey bitch, get me a coke.
I too call my own shots. Based on soundly accumulated data by the best and believe me when I say it these guys are smarty smart data collector persons.
.@realDonaldTrump 

If you call your own shots, why do you always blame someone else when things go wrong??
. ILLEGITIMATE. Rumors fly about Trump's inability to focus. Bannon is just one of the Trump manipulators. Putin the other?
WRONG
maybe you should read the first three articles of the constitution
Rush Limbaugh argued when a president's approval falls below 40%, he is, by definition, is weak and vulnerable.
#presidentbannon
Alternate facts, Donny boy. Alternative facts.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.  The Puppetmaster Bannon has his hand so far up your ass it's tickling your brain.
you do know that data gathered from Bannon and Twitter rants is probably not reliable, right?
Since you can't read, we all know that your info is very limited. NO PRESIDENT IN HISTORY EVERY GOT HIS BRIEFINGS FROM TV
