This is the guy responsible for bottoming out the housing market. Trump appoints #foreclosureKing #GoldmanSachs. Another uneducated voter.
Don't be so hard on yourself. Bill Clinton is solely responsible for the housing debacle. Educate yourself lmao!
What a freaking joke!!!!
I LIKE YOUR PICK I PRAY THAT HE WILL HELP THE MARINES WHO WERE INVOLVED IN THE CAMP LEJEUNE WATER ISSUE.
Yet another Goldman Saks crook. I can see why someone like you would pick so many Goldman Saks money grabbers.
congratulations to all my rich Friends whom I've gave them power !
the latest lackie and yes man.
@TraceTrace5 Yeah why not add another billionaire lying criminal to a cabinet he has filled with crooks liars & racists !!
mean "Yeehaa boys. We got that one through. That was the biggie. Now get back to that subprime stuff"
Congratulations Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin! #ICYMI- watch here: https://www.facebook.com/DonaldTrump/posts/10158646970740725 … ...
@stevenmnuchin1 absolutely will be far cry better than Lew, and Trump far better than Obama.  Keep up great job!
ANOTHER CROOK FROM WALL STREET
Keep on trucking you are on the right track
you go trump show people you do what you say. With u all the way.
Instead of bombastic announcements and executive orders and failed military attempts, release your tax returns.
Oh boy, what a disaster
Is this really draining the SWAMP?
disaster
I know he has a priority to drop the FED from our Slave-Master List , RIGHT ?
thank you for not touching it now.  Remember, money does not come from federal funds,
systematically robbed over the years from the abuse of their money, OUR MONEY, by feds
Keep on Trucking
that's where seized monies should go first, to senior citizens who have been
replace funds "borrowed" from it by feds and pay American citizens equitably.
SS Medicare a benefit until Dems changed its status.  Remove entitled aliens and
Don't touch Social Security, Medicare.  Not an entitlement.  Privately Funded,
TREMENDOUS APPOINTMENT!!!!
On selling your  soul to the detriment of the American people.
@iamjohnoliver is that you? 
You spelled Munchkin wrong. Also, is he still going to represent the Lollipop Guild during his tenure as Treasury Sec?
hhhhhh
REALLY YOU CONGRATULATE A MAN WHO SINGLE HANDEDLY STOLE FROM SENIORS, VETS, INVALIDS & MINORITIES
https://ton.twitter.com/i/ton/data/dm/816042548510752771/816042544744251393/bdYRR2Rz.jpg …
#TARP MONEY? http://OCWEN.COM  HELP http://VA.GOV/OIG  @POTUS
@realdonaldtrump
Why anyone would want to work for you is beyond comprehension.
What a great guy- took advantage of homeowners!
Drain the swamp! 
congrats  Treasure Sec Steven Mnuchin
Comma needed after "Secretary."
Clinton only gave speeches to Goldmansachs. Ur giving cabinet positions to GS. How you think that'll playout for reelection
swamp
Nice to know who your Valentine was. Poor Melania. Big difference from the respect @BarackObama shows his wife.
CROOK!!!!!  All of Trump nominees!!  Donald show your tax returns!!!!
white house must be bugged needs good clean out .
Way to go 45 - I see you're busy "draining the swamp" again, per usual... LOSER!

biggest crook ever.
And congratulations to Goldman-Sachs on having such close ties to your administraion.
I believe what comes next is going to be the media influencing Europe to take back the Statue of Liberty
Pig
Audit the fed! Take our money back!! Fire the Fed.
Wall Street hack - drain the swamp by filling it up with effluent! This will come back to haunt YOU DJT
@RickAndKim30yrs great choice.
Six Weeks Later.
Just in time to repeal rules that protect homeowners so he can help predatory companies steal more homes. YAY!
quand est-ce que c'est la prochaine bulle?
crook
Mr. President don't have any more press conferences, just issue press releases until they straighten up. Thanks ...
so much for draining the swamp.  He is connected to hillary
your picks are far from understanding plight of normal people! Your cabinet is comprised completely of the 1%
when will I be able to finance a house POTUS?
NO HARRIET TUBMAN ON THE $20 DOLLAR BILL, THATS TOTAL BULLLSHIT!!!!!!!!! Keep it the way it is !!!
We need to burst North Korea ass! ASAP . Finish strong !
the fox guarding the hen house
another administrative freeloader.  Congrats to you and only you and Mnuchin
yay, let's go Goldman Sachs 
Is he going to take another home from a 90 year old who is a few cents short on a mortgage? The swamp is being filled up!
我打赌你不认识这句话
Yes, Mr. #forecloseonthelittleguy is now Treasury head. What happened to your rally against Wall Street.half cabinet is GS
You are replacing the washington swamp with the very worst in the corporate world.  WTF?
congratulation Treasury Secretary
the guy looks like someone sent John Oliver into an anaphylactic shock and he hasn't lost all swelling yet
I paid home off Nov 2007, @WellsFargo #Illegally #Forecloses Oct 2016. This is #Domestic #Enemy to the U.S. People. #WAR
that guy's face looks like a mix between stephen colbert and chevy chase.
jerk
Great choice
How soon before Dodd Frank becomes history. It's a disaster.
 congrats ... if all the billionaires gave and honored the people who build USA , we wouldn't be, in debt

- There goes our economy again... Next Prez will have to be Democrat to clean up the mess... again... sad...
@DonaldJTrumpJr Please have your father reinstate Glass-Steagall! Republican platform and Bernie supporters' dream!
Draining the swamp? You are such a liar
SHAME ON YOU!  Your voters were crying because this dick is the guy who foreclosed on their homes after they waited 3 mths.
Yeah, so much for draining the swamp Donnie boy!
God bless you Mr President Trump
They biggest crook at Goldman Sachs running economy, good move Wharton failure.
Shame on you for nominating someone who looted people's homes during the mortgage crisis.
get us out of world bank put america back on the gold standard take care of america first
I don't believe you... So what's the difference between Putin's Government and your ill talk about WASHINGTON?
гг
Welcome the next millionaire to the swamp... Fantastic!
This man is a criminal.  Why didn't @KamalaHarris prosecute him?  Democrats & Republicans are the same.  Puppets.
#DRAINTHESWAMP and #FILLITBACKUPWITHALLIGATORS  #MAGA
Oh goody. We get to lose more of our homes to shady foreclosures.
The White House is running like an Italian sportscar where women sit on the hood and have crazy orgasms. So good!
more on that cuz then my fiance/biographer @BrookeBCNN'll write #Rahm has bad judgment! I mean he won't hire me #Thereyougo
"butting around" trying 2 cure ALL ts #gunviolence that's tearing up d #Chicago inner city Black community & U shud tweet
He signs d $!! Speaking of that? if only Chicago Mayor #Rahm Emanuel wud hire me cuz #Rahm's "butting around" not hiring me
Now that's a handsome devil
thank you for standing your ground
Congratulations. Who are you going to appoint to solve the Flint water crisis?
just keep filling the swamp!
Another pig at the trough!
drain the swamp?
if General Harward says no, please consider William G Boykin as NSA! Keep up the fight!!
So, much for #draintheswamp. Seems like a hypocritical appointment given your denigrating @HillaryClinton for Goldman ties.
How much money are you and your cronies expect to make during your stay in the government?
Why do I always see the same 5 idiots? If you guys don't like Trump then why are you trolling his Twitter account?
I hear u . Especially that towelhead Shaf Patel. Check out that loser. Is that a bomb strapped to his shoulder?
I hope this guy can get the average guy some of that money or your just another politician!
#princepahlavi_trump_SoS love
Way to drain and refill with toxic waste...attaboy!
Mazel tov to both of you.
Good thing the US Treasury is already broke - If it weren't, it would be!
let's see how long this one lasta
that's gotta be a typo, his real name is surely munchkin 
great pick. Congrats !
How many Goldman Sach shills does this make? #WayToDrainTheSwamp #NotAtALL
I was wrong to hire Mnuchin. Financiers like him spent their lives enriching the finance industry. Swamp! #TrumpIsUnfit
We love you trump! Thank you for making us safe!
The trust is vanishing, big time.
Ill increase the frequency with which I check to make sure I still have my wallet
#president Trump_sos_pranceRezaPahlavi
#ilove USAandiloveIRAN
Congratulations, Secretary Mnuchin
Great he will take away lives of americans, fill his coffers overseas and help you pad your hidden assests.
The same man who stole millions of people life savings and home to make a profit. Oh wait, like u did.
Congratulations Secretary Mnuchin!
can i smell his fingers?  his wife is HOT!
When will the cabinet picks finally be confirmed....American politicians and the  President needs to get back to work.
Congratulation to Treasury Secretary!
so this is how you drain the swamp? Isn't this play to play with Wall Street
How can you even consider this greedy man? What are his credentials??? SHAME on you. Doesn't his record mean anything??
Congratulations to another banker. Whatever!!! STOP WASTING TIME AND END THE FEDERAL RESERVE
Losers
does this mean taxpayers are bankrolling #suicidesquad2 now?
another billionaire fiend in the swamp that wasn't drained. Promises, promises!
All these guys boarding your SINKING STINKING SHIP of STATE.
I hear Gary Philbin is seeking a Swamp job. As top 3 worst employer, he'll fit right in Puzners opening!
Yea...you're really looking out for the little guy..
With you but:
Geithner, Summers, Bernanke ... AND PAULSON should all be in prison and NOT advising future tax strategies.
Congrats.  You pulled off biggest con in history of politics.  And here your supporters thought you cared about them.
Your idea of Draining swamp of Wallstr. is to move this whole gang of criminal long noses to D.C.
Mmm that face comes in "edible" @realDonaldTrump
Another "swamper" you've brought in, in violation of your campaign promises.  Sad!
Why pick the swampiest? It's clear from watching & listening that he has no interest in or intention of serving the People.
until he's fired for ratings... right?
"now go out there an foreclose on some middle class folks!"
Being Sec of the Treasury is a lot better than being in prison!   He's testimony that life isn't fair.
Great!  Now Hire Gov. Chris Christie.  He would help your administration!  He's tough and smart!
What great man marries a gold-digging ex-prostitute? A seriously self deluded one who doesn't see everyone laughing at him.
Congrats Steve!
so glad you avoided the Goldman Sachs people that Hillary was beholden to. Wait
How DARE the congress let this dishonest man be appointed! I guess if you're a thief and kiss Trump's butt, you get a post!
Drained the swamp of alligators and put the rich crocodiles in their place. Way to go hypocrite.
you literally elected wall street after you said you'd "drain the swamp." good one.
Fox meet Henhouse.
