Regulations are for our protection, you disgusting fool,  are destroying our Country, the few good economic news are from Obama's policies!
Thank you President Trump!!
*Obama
Sucks
Nancy pelosi is an arms dealing fraud
Explain what?
America loves you, DJT! Can't thank you enough. PLEASE maximize your security. We can't afford to lose you! Happy Birthday!

Thank you for all you are doing!  Prayers for you and your team daily.  If God is for you, who can be against you?  It doesn't matter.#MAGA
/\
Draining the #Swamp takes time & cooperation. If you want positive changes for #USA, work with @POTUS not against him.

#IStandWithTrump
how can you work to drain the swamp while he hires Goldman Sachs and rexon is fucking sec of state?
Hi
Wow. What a magician. Lowered unemployment by 600,000 in 4 months. Nothing like a liar taking credit for someone elses work. Magician.
Uh.....exactly how many of your bills were actually passed. 1? Everything else you have done were executive ORDERS. Very Democratic of you
Please remind me which BILLS actually passed. EO's aren't bills & most job adds announced BEFORE election #LiarInChief #TABA #RESISTANCE
Do your own research I'm too busy working to support the welfare able body  slugs
that's all that matters.
But I SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO DARE YOU TO DO IT, SCROTUS! SHOW US HOW MUCH OF A MAN YOU ARE! FIRE MUELLER. I can't wait to see the reaction!!!!!!!
Kill them all if you wish, they still are not going away.  Obama'a Legacy will still be etched in the minds of all those who love him,
Just saw a commercial for addiction... it's slogan, #makeamericasoberagain
It is not funny
When arrested, U cannot claim discrimination, pregudice, black lives mater, white lives mater Lawyer can't use. resist arrest, zu get beaten
MR T, CAN YOU RIGHT EXEC ORDER TO CUT THERE TERM LIMITS. THEY WILL NEVER VOTE THEMSELFS LESS
Democrats - I will give children to be their princes...The child will be insolent toward the elder, And the base toward the honorable (Isa)
Delusions of grandeur coupled with massive doses of incompetence and ignorance - #Trump making America weaker
OBama, and Clinton did n't have delusions of grandeur, and incompetence ? ISis,Ocare,poor economy,e-mails,racism worse.Your delusional.Omg!
Don't mean shit w/o #TaxReform 
#wakeup .@POTUS
Thank you 
It feels great to have a President fulfill his campaign promises!  MAGA!
Great numbers on the economy. All of our work, including the passage of many bills &amp; regulation killing Executive Or...
uh??? U.S. Retail Sales for last month were down, again Sir. Expected +.2 actual -.3
JOB GAINS CONTINUE TO DROP 

MAR-APR-MAY 121K/month .. FACT !!!
Your economy does not start until October.Liar-n-chief
Keep up the good work Mr President
Not even close - we can still thank Barack Obama administration for the CONTINUED growth we have been having since long before you were in
#alternativefacts
Thank you for making me want to vomit every time you open your mouth & spew total garbage & cow pucky.
Batman died' but the Joker is still in the white house!
If BS were money Trump you'd be a Billionaire, woops you are! I find it disgusting that our politicians arr ethnic less.
Forgive my previous tweet, I see I made some spelling errors, it should be "are" and "ethics", but I stand by the message.
Bull. Shit. Even cons say job numbers disappointing.
Who cares if your passing fuqn bills WHAT ARE YOU DOING to Help the American ppl?? How are you making my life 'better' for the good?
Easy now, you don't have to compliment yourself, that's your cabinet's job.
So we're all screwed and you're milking it all in. Can't wait for them to force your tax returns!
The things you've done have been to impact industries which have yet to grow. You can't take credit for carrots when you planted apple seeds
Still riding on the coat-tails of the "illegal" Kenyan, are we? SAD!
Why are U telling lies. Are you afraid of what will happen if you tell people the truth. Impeached , resigned, Eliminated or to Russia spy
In a few months, when YOUR disastrous impact will be visible, you will tell us "it takes time to implement reforms". These are Obama numbers
Bullshit
How about government contractors need to use a percentage of veterans on all government contracts.  Percent goes up as dollar value goes up
Regulation killing and earth killing
You're delusional.
Keep telling yourself that

Really it's great 
you have passed no bills you faker.
You haven't passed anything, you're like George Constanza, you're good at looking busy but you get nothing done. You're a #fraud  .
#LiarLiar #PantsOnFire
Donald - you were not passing bills.  You were just making it look that way.
Hahahahahahah
Thanks for destroying the US, encouraging poisoning the environment, inciting hatred and violence. You are the worst "President" ever! CUCK
But to what end?  I'm embarrassed for the USA to have you as our President.
Great now help the Disabled Veterans keep the IU benefit. Taking it a way is. Devastating. A lot won't make it.
What do you want from the American people?  OUR BLESSING?  Like that dumb stunt you pulled on TV today?  Naw, never!!!!
You are delusional. Job #s are lower than last month. No bills have made it thru the process. Just because you say it doesn't make it true
I heard you ate a baby last night.. Don't let the news get a hold of that info.
Shut up Don the Con
Laughable.
Thank you!
האיש חי את החלום
One person's oppressive regulation is another person's regulation against oppression and depredation of society and ecology
More bologna!
Regulations are needed to prevent environmental and workforce abuses, dummy!
Ivanka said Pres wants a transformative admin. 
Tom Barrack says Trump is "Uber of presidency" Amazon of presidency. Thats transformative!
Mr. President, You are doing a great job. Keep the 
Left mad.
But your ratings are the lowest in American history!
omg...YOU HAVE DONE NOTHING.
Retweeting Geraldo ... is hysterical.
Perhaps that is your intent?
What bills have you signed?
In fact we did have a steady growth before you were even elected. And you claimed those numbers were unimportant or fake then. #impeach45
@kirankumarwifi you are not ledr still you businessman
The country is still functioning under the Obama budget, so technically this isn't a win for you, as that's not how economy works.. #Econ101
Great job POTUS! keep focusing on the job not the reality show on MSM
good job Mr President! And please end the war on drugs. It's costing hard working citizens too much.
DEAR LEADER.. we are so BLESSED to have such man like you in charge of destroying OUR hard fought democracy that survived everything BUT YOU
Which ones would that be
The only thing you are killing is the careers of all those traitors around you. I hope you all go to same prison. Maybe Jared & you can 
Many bills?  Really?  What in the world are you talking about?
You still h ave OBAMA to thank for that....all of the great numbers that is, you are doing your best to destroy everything!
Let's see where you match up 12 months in...if you are still around. #JustGo
Sorry, what is kicking in? Resign! Today!
You have passed no bills EOs aren't bills more fake news
That was OBAMA, nitwit!  You have wasted more tax payer $ playing golf & eating cake.  Your accomplishments = ZERO!  Putin is loving it.
Really? MORE jobs about to be lost. Thanks for nothing Trump!
#ourPresident #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
Thank you for your service
What work? I thought golfing was leisure
Great job President Trump!
What bills? U've done nothing but /s/ exec orders. U can't get much of anything passed as actual legislation except the Russia sanctions. 
Not one bill yet. Only executive orders some of which illegal
Record low approval. Bigly!
It's too bad your so secret about the health care bill. I heard your attacking veterans so they have to pay more than others for health care
I am glad  that  you  are  own  president
Do you really believe your own lies?
Ya your executive orders killing his....... and you are dense enough to brag about it
Very proud as an American to have Mr Trump as my president
you have now seen what happens when little ppl get frustrated, lie too,cheated,bullied,over taxed, high ins premiums, poor coverage/no cover
economy was doing great when you took office, thanks Obama. It's actually down a bit since you started playing with it.

ASKING FOR REVIEW IS NOT KILLING REGS.  YOUR EOs ARE POMPOUS BULLSHIT PHOTO OPS TO MAKE IT LOOK LIKE YOU'RE DOING SOMETHING

Will you shuuuuuuuut up! #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Exactly what Bild have been passed??? Can anyone tell me what he has achieved ?
Fine Job!
The USA needs to leave the United Nations because one we pay for them to protect other members that does not pay their share.
You have done nothing for the good of our country. You can lie all you want, but we still see though you . we are watching.
Sir, you are barely 5 months in. The economy continues forward on @BarackObama's steam. Talk to me in a year. Doubt we'll be celebrating.
And if it's still improving, you will finally agree to the fact that Trump has been correct all along right?
It won't be. His policies further enrich the wealthy, destroy the middle class and abandon the poor. All one need do is study history.
Not really. His policy is essentially copying what China does, which Dems has long predicted would fail. Yet China wins every time.
Chinese government pours money into state-sponsored businesses which use, essentially, slave labor. And, they manipulate Currency. /1
China is not a free market economy and will eventually fail if a free market does not emerge from Communism. /2
I've been following the Chinese politics/economics for the past 20 years, which Dem have been predicting China failing ever since. How funny
Source?
Philemon 1:25
The #grace of our #Lord #Jesus#Christ be with your #spirit. #Amen.
You all will meet up again in Hell!
You're such an embarrassment.  Please, please just shut up and let the grown-ups fix your mess.
I don't know if you know this or not, but there hasn't been a single bill passed yet. You may need to head back to high school.
All i want to see is the gun executive order
No, no they're not. #impeachthismoronicarse
Thank you, Mr. President! Keep up the great work!
You can't take credit for 1) things you didn't do, and 2) things you just don't understand. Stop trying. We all know the score.
Thank President Obama.
Thankyou Mr President. Liberals will now riot and burn because they may have to get a job
Numbers, facts, please, not just really goods and greats. It would be greatly appreciated.
"All of our work, including the passage of many bills and regulation killing Executive Orders". No trouble wonder you get in. #POTUSenglish
Here is something you could do to get PR points:Finishing the Crazy Horse monument as an apology for what the Govmnt did to the Sioux nation
That was obamas work. Have you no shame.
FAKE News..
You know that claim cannot be supported by evidence or logic.  You're still enjoying Obama's economy.
All of the economic improvements are a residual effect of Obama's policies. But yea... nice try...
No regulations cause cancer in children, death in workplace, 2008 crash, ruining earth. PUT PEOPLE+ EARTH 1st. Remember Love Canal horror.
Not because of anything you did fat Donald
Liar
Great news now get welfare people to work. Able-bodied people collecting welfare should be working for the money.
Great job, dispite all the obstruction you are getting, you still have your base and I believe it is growing. We will be heard in 2018
"Many bills".  Please name them.
The same numbers you called bullshit when they said good things about Obama, you mean?
Fire the special council and tell Sessions to un recuse himself, shut this investigation circus down!
Thanks Obama!
Carrier is laying 600 workers off and GE is moving to Canada.
Please keep transforming goverment! America voted for change.
U signed some EO's for a photo op......big deal. Now let's talk about the disastrous administration u put together......
I wonder if this moron really knows what he is talking about ?
@POTUS thank you, thank you. Now we are experiencing Winning again. 
All part of Making America Great Again! #MAGA #MAGA #MAGA

You said the numbers are fake. They are. Underemployment is at an all time high. Just like it was under President Obama. I miss him!
Kicking the under privileged is your specialty, oh Mighty Covfefe.
#socalledpresident what bill have passed? #impeach45
must be worse than the one which 87 percent of Americans were against.  Too ashamed to say what's in it.
Thanks for the update, Liar in Chief.
#BADEConomicForecast The People are ending up homeless and poorer because of Trump. Your illusions are hurting The People #NotmyPresident
I think that you might have the trendline card upside down.
Steve scalise shot this morning by some coward for the sniper guns
Uh, no they are not. Little here you can legitimately claim credit for.
The numbers were great before your orange lies started.I count the days until you've completely destroyed this country, Comrade Tinyhands.
YOU HAVEN'T PASSED ONE BILL YET.
I think yours and Republicans song should be "we are the champions".
Simply delusional little man.
Do you kiss yourself in the mirror?

An smeared VAwhistleblower sees a 180degree change in who's really supporting Freedom of Speech @Refee00
 
I have and idea that could put billions in to the U.S economy
is nothing you have done....all residual numbers from the Obama administration. Don't spread fake news. Not your work.
At first please remove this!
