Mexico has already stated point blank that they will not pay for the border wall: http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-38753826 …
Here's another quotation:
The only possible way you can make Mexico pay for the border wall is through tariffs or something similar. And a tariff hurts Americans.
All it does is raise prices for Americans and jeopardize American jobs that rely on being competitive internationally:
So if Americans end up paying, how much is it going to cost them? According to the Department of Homeland Security: $21.6 BILLION DOLLARS
Here's the article with that figure in it, from the report for the DHS:
Democrats, of course, think that number will by much higher, but let's go with the DHS' own report for the moment.
So what does $21.6 billion dollars get you? It gets you nearly three times the annual budget of the FBI:
Who deserves the blame if the government shuts down?
Reminder: Mexico isn't going to pay for the  wall
Republicans seem keen on avoiding the shutdown
#BlameTheDems
However, the White House seems to wants to either shut down Obamacare or shutdown the government
#BlameTheGOP
http://www.newyorker.com/news/ryan-lizza/the-white-house-seems-excited-to-shut-down-the-government …
Gotta love blaming the Dems even though they control neither the house, senate, nor the presidency.
It's always Obama's fault
Or Hilary's
Yep
No they won't pay—ever.
Add this to your list of lies… what's crazier is that you continue on with them instead of manning up & admitting you conned people.
To the people who say they'll pay with a tariff, that cost gets passed back on to American consumers. Take an into to Econ class.
They'll be paying "in some form"… sounds like you really know what you're doing lol. They already said they aren't paying in any form, ever.
Also, you keep forgetting that REPUBLICANS have a MAJORITY in both the House & the Senate. THEY are the ones saving us from ur stupid fence.
No one even mentioned that a border wall is even needed until you made your nonstop, xenophobic remarks during your campaign. Waste of $$$.
& now you're trying to downplay your first 100 days despite YOU making promises to finish all these things in that arbitrary time period.
Pretty soon you'll be telling us that all these failures are the Dems' fault & you need another 4 years to complete your first 100 days lol
1. We have a border wall–to close gaps will cost 1/3 your demand to boost military spending by $60 billion this year
Eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, Mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed border wall.
2. So instead of giving $60,000,000,000 to defense cronies, blaming Dems, why don't you and Republicans take $20B and build that wall?
3. We have a border wall because top Democrats–Obama, Clinton, Schumer + 23 others–supported it; so quit whining/blaming Dems, get to work!
4. While you delay the wall/play blame game, remember, Dems have done far more for border security than you have
3. We have a border wall because top Democrats–Obama, Clinton, Schumer + 23 others–supported it; so quit whining/blaming Dems, get to work! 
5. Border wall will cost 1% of defense budget next 4 years–Trump/GOP can easily pay for it, instead of stoking xenophobia, attacking Mexico
Who wants a frickin wall?
I'm beginning to want for him and his stupid voters at this point.  They are all a bunch of Aliens...
We're not Germany. We don't want our beautiful countryscape uglier with a stupid wall unless he is buried under it.
Sweetie, I know you want this pie-in-the-sky building scheme but you can't afford to make America bankrupt like your businesses.
And if you think a big wall will keep drug gangs out then you've got a very silly idea of what drug gangs do.
It seems he doesn't read his Twitter notifications & mentions, he has them switched off; only receives notifications from those he follows.
And that's part of the problem. He thinks that he knows EVERYTHING, and is completely unable to take reasonable advice from others
Jared and Ivanka are NOT the be all, end all of rational ideas.
How do you know? Are you the smarty-pants?
What 2 or 3 people on earth know everything?!?!? Be for real!! 
What are you gaslighting us on today?
It's all political misdirection. He wants you look at one hand while he jacks off Putin with the other.
Yes, talk about the wall when you have the lowest approval rating of any President since they started measuring it in 1945.
Yes, talk about the wall when 45% of Americans think you're off to a poor start and Obama had 54% by this time in 2009.
LOL@Obama Talk lol he's as irrelevant as the rest of the party!
Yes except when the right is looking for someone to blame then they use Obama as their scapegoat.
MAGA BREXIT LE PEN.... he's irreverent!
.....do you mean irrelevant?

Ahread.
Russian is his first language, give the guy a break.
And his second language is babble
Every word on that graphic is a lie, and hundreds of people are upset about the spelling.
But...MILLIONS are upset about the lies. I know I am. #TruthWinsOverSpelling
They already told you they absolutely would NOT. 

Is your toupee glue making you crazier?!!!
He's using staples now. Explains a lot...
Staples! 
he takes that drug that grows hair and causes impotence with a side of dementia. No joke!
Or, he's making double use of the tape he uses for his ties.
keeps scotch tape in business. Bet 3M stocks skyrocketed!
Would u want your children picked on this way? Only righteous when it suits u? Bullying is NEVER ok. Shame on you.
So it's ok for him to do it.  Please, he needs a thicker skin if he's in politics
/Sigh

This is like educating an addled orangutan in every way. Ok stop playing with your crap and listen up, ok?
A border wall will achieve NOTHING positive and the return on investment is negligible. We have other smarter ways to spend that money.
Let's spend it on education? Bridges? Roads? Anal bleaching therapy for your entire body? That last one may make our deficit explode.
The bottom line here is that a border wall can easily be countered by 1. A border tunnel. 2. Border dynamite. 3. A border ladder. Its stupid
No one cares
About?
If the wall is put up or not, the bottom line is trump was the better candidate and we were right in choosing him
So no one cares if the wall is put up or not? Great, let's save billions and buy muscle shirts and pay for bad haircuts instead. 
Build that wall!!!!
 you are putting Americans first!
You save Aya!!! 
You are all we ever hoped for and more, keep up the great work 
That is and was already NOT ALLOWED BEFORE TRUMP
Abortions couldn't b paid 4 with federal funds. This means states can withhold federal funds altogether simply because they offer abortions.
3 federal statutes already make that illegal. This has nothing to do with abortions and federal funds. Stop lying.
Lying about what? What is this about then?
And eventually you'll be impeached
Eventually, your deplorable base will realize that you are truly deplorable and turn on you
Eventually, the country will realize that we are better than the division & hate that you've sown
Your reply is proving my point
He's got a point, it is only come from one side.
Yes, the GOP, Fox and friends, and the like.
No...hate comes from both sides. The difference is that the left seems more likely to /capable of working past the hate.
you are starting nuclear wars, yet still talking about this wall. Horrible.
this wall is going to cost US tax payers a fortune, total waste of $
Even if it costs $30 billion dollars we would eventually save money by not having to support illegals on welfare and food stamps! 
They don't receive either. They do, however, keep Social Security solvent.

Stop huffing paint.
They do, though. Especially in "sanctuary" cities.
No. They don't.
I live in a sanctuary city. No they don't.
Wrong you will be paying for it out of taxpayers pockets. Mexico is never going to pay for the wall
If you think we're gonna fall for that one a second time thanks again idiot
2Nd?  I think he's up to about 135th
Translation: I'll kick this can down the road until the next administration has to deal with it, or until all you sheep forget. #MAGA
... Read his tweet, dude. Set aside partisan delusions, despite how seductive those feelings may be.
I can infer a pretty good amount about the future from the words in his tweet.
1. "In some form..."
2. "Eventually"
3, "At a later date"
Trying to nail jello to a tree is a more productive way to spend your time, Josh. 45's supporters don't do logic or reason.
Liar. Mexico has stated repeatedly they will not be paying.
Ever heard about taxing imports, dummy?
Ever heard of tit for tat?
You do realize that we the consumer get stuck with the added expense or nah?
Taxing imports? C'mon. We'll pay for the wall once and then pay a second time on import taxes. How is that winning?
Here's the deal: Americans will pay for the wall or I'll shit myself
Too late!
Don't forget the wall Canada wants to build to keep Trumpies out!
A promise? Like your taxes being released? Like you wouldn't vacation like Obama? Like drain the swamp? Like Syria?
The swamp now drains into D.C... Sad
Lol! I was confused for a brief moment...
Will you EVER stop lying?
I think that's a firm "No." As a matter of fact, I'm sure his headstone will contain multiple lies.
Headstone? He'll have a tacky golden pyramid, nothing less. More room for lies!
Excellent point.
He'll try and make Mexico pay for that pyramid as well! Or maybe the Egyptians!
My ass. This is the same bullshit story you've sold to all of your investors through the years every time you went bankrupt
This fucking idiot wants to waste billions upon billions of dollars on something that won't help on a problem that doesn't really exist.
If you support him in this, you're either dishonest, willfully blind to that, or stupid.
Elections have consequences... all of us that didn't vote for Obama still had to pay mandates for health insurance... against our wishes!
Slightly diff considering majority of voters voted for obama whereas In this case the majority voted for trumps opponent
Is the opponent president?  Did the opponent know about the electoral college before running?
Did President Obama said the mexicans going to pay for your health insurance and later made you pay for it? Just asking...
No he basically told the illegals that we would pay for their insurance
When laughter becomes currency Mexico will fill the treasury.
It's the same way his contractors get paid..."at a later date..."
Read: Never
This reads like a Nigerian prince scam email.
"Hello Friend,
I need to borrow a few billion dollars until my Mexican friends send me a check. Will pay you back with the BEST interest."
OMFG Best Response
Thanks, fellow cat person!
Your cat reads library books? Mine's lazy, he watches TV
my profile picture is not amused and he has his own library card, hence the glasses.
My cat would kick your dog's ass if he were in Austria - or even left his coach perch!
If Mexico is unwilling to pay today, under what scenario will they be willing to pay in the future?
Mexico isn't paying.
I'm sure they'd chip in for a wall round Mar A Lago with that nitwit inside 
We all would.
I'd chip in for this wall!
Gladly!
Is there a Go Fund Me account? I'll donate!
Ha! This is your saddest tweet ever!

Eventually…
a later date...
in some form…

Weak, Donald. So damn weak. Sad and weak and pathetic.
Written in such a way he can deny it all. Don the Con
Mexico said they'd Venmo you
Dude this is just embarrassing.
He should have told us we'd be so embarrassed all the time we'd be sick of being embarrassed.  I'm sick of being embarrassed.  #donthecon
God bless you for still hoping your supporters are dumb enough to believe this.
They definitely are dumb enough.
U R disresptful! Findways 2 make Usabetter, don'tbash Pres Support& findways2help. Obama's failedlegacy is The big prblm Unclog corruptswamp
 OMG I died this is precious
You told voters that Mexico would pay for the wall. You didn't say America would provide the funds for the wall until Mexico starts paying
Trump actually not only told his supporters that they would pay first and then Mexico would pay. Crazy, stupid and in love with a mad man
Can’t bully Mexico into paying for stupid wall so you come to Congress, hat in hand, threatening American’s healthcare instead.

Sad. Evil.
We don’t need a stupid border wall. 

We need a President who cares about the American people and doesn’t hold their healthcare hostage.
Wall is necessity for stopping drug and human-trafficking.

#BuildTheWall #MAGA 
Eventually, later, early.   Makes perfect sense #dementia
Wow, that is completely incomprehensible
As per usual
In monetary form?
In guacamole snacks
might accept
Tacos & the trucks they're made in! On every corner!
At some point, possibly in the future, Mexico might consider maybe paying for the wall, maybe with money, but maybe not. We don't know yet
Maybe with guacamole and Coronas?
Well, I'm convinced. Before I was like, "Ppfftt. Mexico's not gonna pay." But now ... I mean, geez. How could they NOT?"
Best tweet of the day so far! I can finally use LOL and mean it.
That is like 5 lies in less than 140 characters. Well done Ulysses S. Can't!
Did DeVos write this for you? 
Nope. DeVos is busy ruining the lives of people with student loan debt because she doesn't know how real people live life.
"in some form" lol okay man.
Everything you love will be undone liberal.
Shut your corny ass up lol
Lol
Only you & your triggered Trumpanzees buy the bullshit you're spewing. The majority of Americans (who didn't vote for you) know the facts.
Mexico will not willingly pay for this asinine wall, nor should they. Do you plan to conquer them and take it as war reparations?
You probably think you can do this through some punitive trade taxes, but any real economist will tell you it won't work. Just more lies.
Can we maybe tell them to pay in burritos? I love burritos!
We'll need a hatch to get the burritos through the wal.
Sure thing, your word is your bond
Soon, later, but early, somehow, mexico..wall...its like Lewis became POTUS while he was drunk.
Eventually, but at a later date because they're brainwashed by right wing media, people who voted for you will see, they ruined everything.
But his supporters will blame any bad stuff on O or the Dems. Never T***p.
Yeah... I was being blindly optimistic but you're probably right. Only 2% now regret voting for him. Boggles the mind.
.@realDonaldTrump "in some form" hahaha.
He means, "in butterfly kisses".
“At a later date….” This guy.
Also,
Why do you hate Tiffany?
Mexico looking at your Venmo request like
NOT A GOOD USE OF TIME, POWER, POLITICAL CAPITAL, AND RESOURCES.
This pairs well: "And if I do a super-duper, higher, better, better security, everything else, maybe it goes a little bit more." @AltPress
No one believes this is a real quote. It is.
"Mexico" is a funny way to pronounce "American Taxpayers"
The x is silent.
dear god in heaven - what is wrong with u - 
moronathon seriously - STOP WITH THE WALL - WAKE UP - BE AN ADULT U MAN BABY
, can I have a pony, too? Can we all have ponies?
Dude. I don't want a pony. I have no room for a pony. I have a tiny back yard. So no wall if it means Trump pays me back in ponies.

Are we required to carry our ponies with us at all times, as part of a federal pony identification program?
yes
In pony-carrying pouches or harnesses, like we carry our babies. And they MUST be id'able, or else you're in violation and subject to deport
Im writing your check for the WALL right nowIm in Mexico so Im gonna send it via donkey! but U should get it at a later date in some form

Spend it on healthcare instead as it will impact America more than a stupid wall
you aren't even trying to sound like you know what you are talking about anymore haha
I assume you are going to make America great again eventually, but at a later date so you can get started early? #TimeTurner #fraud #liar
Tomorrow, but years from now, looking back to the future, yesterday, which is today, will be a great day.
Mexico to pay for it?  Mexico is a poor country.  That's one of the reasons so many Mexicans & Latin Americans come here.
Actually Mexico has what we call 'negative immigration', more people are returning to Mexico than going to the US.
OMG. It's like you've written a tongue-twister and a brain-twister all at the same time. Oh and it's a lie.
Trump supporters. Please explain how Trump & GOP allowing the sale of your browsing history is MAGA. Really want to know.
You have got to be the most hated president in the history of the...
Exactly!!!!
OK, I have a deal for you. How about you give me $100M to build an IT security wall that the hackers will pay for, eventually, in some form.
Will people listen to this tweet, because like the sharia blue tweeters, I too am rambling and rambling and rambling
I suppose maybe, possibly, somehow, someday, in some way, perhaps, probably, potentially, Mexico might pay for the wall, & what not. I guess
Now 'in some form' Mexico will pay for a wall  - U are such a liar #TrumpLies #TrumpPutin #Trump100days #TrumpRussia
I don't think this is AP style


You are a flat out LIAR. And u know it! Tell us HOW they r going to pay for it. A plan would be nice. Not just spewing words we want 2 hear
Trump wants to cut corp tax to 15%-plans to crush the 99% with the tab for the wall.Trump is going to get that war he wants-us against him.
Instead of running our Country he wants to feed big corporations. Does the 15% include small businesses? NO! He's going to get nothing done
Why would Mexico pay for a wall in the US? Why doesn't anybody see this as ridiculous as it is?
He's lying. He wants us 2 pay for the wall then that will be the end of it. He lies then lies about the lie. All in the same sentence. 1/2
His AP interview is astounding! You asked the million $ question. Mexico's president said they won't pay for it. Trump is just scheming!
The question is legitimate, why would Mexico pay for a US wall built by US on US soil, it doesn't make sense...
You are right.  No argument here 
theyd catapult drugs over it & probably ALREADY have tunnels going under the border... you know what tunnels & catapults/ladders are right?
there's also these crazy new inventions that go by the name airplanes and boats
easier to track and more obvious but yeah too
You do realize that the more dificult it is to get drugs across, the more expensive they get, and the more you are willing to pay for them?
and mad parts are walled off already, they go to the part where no ones watching and climb or dig
Truth is most illegal crossings are done through legal border
security jobs would cost a small fraction of the cost projections of the wall &be more effective. i wish more ppl understood cost accounting
You want to end illegal migration, go after the business that hires them, no jobs, no crossings, it's very easy to understand...
Mexico will never pay for the wall like you will never be a good president or release you tax returns. #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
#BuildTheWall
When my students say they'll give me their essays in some form at a later date....I give them an F....#justsaying


Dude, that's a lie and you know it.
MEXICO IS DEFINITELY NOT PAYING FOR THE WALL..... BUT WAIT, WE TRULY DON'T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT THAT.....
DO WE ! ! ! 
KARMA'S A BITCH 
The deal was that you're supposed to be this great negotiator who could make Mexico pay. Not we pay now, they pay later. Bait & Switch.
Jajaja chinga tu madre pinche gringo, por qué no vamos a pagar ni madres.!!
I hear the Mexicans have agreed to pay China for the great wall?
Call The Dems Bluff on the threat of a Gov Shut Down!  They're get blamed for it!  We've liked your toughness, don't go soft on us now!
#CowardInChief #NeverTrump #Cowardice #TinyHands #NoMoreWar #Divest #Syria #NorthKorea #YouGetBadRatings
Coward In Chief https://youtu.be/_YVnfLnGJqc  via @YouTube
You're really bad at English. No one knows what you're saying with all the commas dude
Wait. This IS a real tweet by #Trump. Wow. (Unintelligible.) #TrumpIsUnraveling #ImpeachTrump #MorningJoe
Mexico has emphatically stated that they are NOT paying for a wall
#FakeNews was right again
Trump KNEW Mexico wasn't paying for the wall&only cared about the press not finding out!
Any sane person knew from the start that Mexico wasn't paying for Donald's wall..YOU WANT IT, YOU PAY FOR IT!!! It's a waste of $$ anyway...
Don't let a few hypocrites stop you, Don
@VP @GOP 
You
Cannot
Force
Sovereign
Nations
To
Pay
For
Massive
Construction
Projects
In
This
Country,
You
Mediocre
Scheming
Opportunist.
@Nerilicon @MoneroHernandez @MoneroRictus
@epn #using_mexican_flag_as_a_rug_4 @realdonaldtrump, #The_Shining #of_his_shoes=@pridehoy 
How far down underground will the wall go to stop tunnels?
I'm sure that, by now, even Trump realizes that the wall's a terrible idea, but hubris'll prevent him from ever admitting it.
I doubt he knows what hubris is, I'm surprised I do!
Fake twitter putting negative tweets up top and down posting positive tweets, thinking Americans are fools, which we are not
...?
why the ?
fake Twittee, huh??
Twitter places the negative tweets up top and places positive tweets below(if at all) so I call them Fake Twitter.  They subvert free speech
you really think that? You think a team of developers would do sentiment analysis on tweets specially to DJT and change order?
YES
are you a software developer?
If I tell my car financing company that I'll pay them in some form at some later date....they repo my car....
If I say I'll exercise in some form at some later date...I become obese like you.
Just another one of your lies. We are counting the days till we vote you out of office. Trump: the worst @POTUS in history. #RESISTANCE
We can put a gofund me page the hell with the Dems build that wall
A deplorable waste of money. Whoever pays.
But you're rich as hell, cant you pay for it? I mean its your idea, not Mexico's. You're the one who wants it so badly 
You are a liar. Nobody wants your wall. If you insist on it to satisfy your base then get the money from Mexico that u promised and build it
Hillary beat you in the popular vote, stupid!!!
No pagarán nada, hijo de puta.
US is the master of deficit financing employ more people in the border instead of constructing wall.
I'm a Mexican  & writing your check for the wall right now. Im making it payable to "ki5$ my brown a5$ you self-entitled delusional jerk$"
It could just as well be electronic, that would set up a lot faster, wouldn't it?
Ok but electronics could be the pre-wall, we could probably set it up in a couple months!
That is amazing, but not necessarily permanent. Mexico pays by not getting all that $ sent south from here. We gain by not giving room & bd
STOP LYING! JUST STOP! Absolutely no one believes you. Ur putting the tax payers on the line for your ridiculous wall; everyone knows this.
Nit true.  It's for the safety of this country.
You don't get it. Mexico is not paying for his wall. You and I will be.
That wouldn't bother me at all.  Real Americans wouldn't mind.  Illegals are costing us more than a wall.
"Real Americans"??? Who lies between your "Illegals" and "Real Americans"? I'm interested in hearing the rest of your labels.
Use your salary and rest of your administration salary and pay for that freaking wall... u hav done nothing but run your damn mouth.
Let's dumb it down a little: If u want 2 prevent ur neighbors 2 come 2 ur house, would u ask them 2 build & pay 4 a fence around ur house?
Uh, no they won't pay.  We will pay with loss of healthcare, destruction of social programs, and increased taxes on the middle class.
Trump, I love you sir! Great new legislation on reversing drilling bans!!! We originally bought Alaska for its resources.CJ
Can we just give you $21B to go away? I'm sure no one would mind taking on that debt for the greater good!

the wall will be worth it if it saves one American life
In some form? You mean like Taco Bell gift cards?
id pay 2 build high walls around the white house tht blocked internet connection & had no doors so u would stop using twitter & nvr come out
Which means every single tax payer, except Cheeto who don't pay taxes, WILL PAY FOR WALL n so will ur childrens children n their children
how many lies can you tell before perp walk king con!SAD! BIGLY SAD!!
WHEN YOU DON'T KNOW HOW TO DO THE JOB U CAN CALL OUR @POTUS44 AND ASK FOR HELP. PEG N THE CAT CAN TELL U WHAT TO DO. JAJAJA FALLING 
When will you be paying for our badly needed universal health care?
NO!!!!! You said Mexico will pay for wall. Not Americans will pay for it now and hopefully get reimbursed in the future. Fucken liar !!!
Hey Donny old chap, why not loan them the money and then employ Mexican slave labour on the cheap, just like the old days :)

