Liar!
ThankGod! We R taxed 2death! Don't C benefit of $T's in debt bo added...w/failing infrastructure everywhere, where did all that $go?
Waste, beauracracy, failed programs, PORKS to buy votes.
Govt waste TaxPyr$$:
1) source of anger+frustratn! 
2) irresponsible!
3) disrespctfl 2citzns!
4) TaxPyr$ doesnt grow on!
@freedomcaucus @VP
have you been using a thesaurus?  (look it up in the dictionary...)
Call people need to pay some tax also presently they are just a parasite if paying taxes there included in the process
There he goes again lying his a$$ off. #LyinMoron
No, Trump’s tax plan would not be the largest tax cut in US history https://www.factopolis.com/claims/trump-tax-plan-largest-tax-cut-in-us-history/ …
a total idiot
the only reason he is cutting taxes because to cover his own ass where he never did pay any look what yall voted for .
チンチンをぱんぱん
he is hurting America and the people wake up America he is destroying our beautiful country
he doesn't care about people he cares about himself
Obama is the One ruined Health care. Pres. TrumpHas not been given a chance to do anything
U and the repugs are creating one trillion in deficit U will send this country to financial ruins and for what the rich sad
Crying that Trump admin wants to take LESS of our money ? 20% of American tax payers pay 95% of all taxes #libidiots
thank you for working so hard for the American people
It's strange that you know where Catalonia is but don't know where Puerto Rico is even though its part of the u.s. Taking geography class??
tax cuts that apply only to people who are already extremely rich. Thanks for nothing.
Wrong ., ., tax reduction is never a bad thing with a government that wastes our money beyond comprehension
Yeah, tax cuts for your billionaire friends.
., try to understand who pays what concerning taxes before you complain about success. Read up .., Try Mulvaney

Bye Trump resign now or god will show u something in 2 days where u will HV no choice but to resign trust me I'm God's child
Yeah!
Good luck with that.
No real partisan support. And I am Canadian. Thank God.
Impeach Trump now if u with Trump you are apart of dividing our country and tearing it apart stop the racist stuff people we all are not the
you did a good thing finally, now you really exist not such as before
Taxation without representation.  Revolution.  Selling out parks for conflict of interest oil/gas,...with no tribal consultation. Sue and win for the animals and the lands and the Indians,....                 white person
THIS IS THE BIGGEST FRAUD IN US HISTORY!  The Trickle down Economics Was AN EPIC FAILURE IN KANSAS AND WAS REPEALED!  IT WAS DISASTROUS, ask @SenJerryMoran

And just like everything you do, it will be a failure!
This is a flat out blatant lie that has been proven debunked whatever you wanna call it  to be a false claim but the will never let a little thing like the truth stop him from continually repeating it anyway.
For the VERY rich. Gee thanks.
Praying for you
The average American is not subject to the income tax at all. Congress needs to let ppl know that first.
History lets not talk battles on this land cherokai nation got fucked wanna explain that donnie
This land is historically fun at move forward past the WAR SHIT CIVIL UN REST YOU SEE THAT PLOT WITH TWO SLABS DONT DIG UNDER IT
Blahhhhhhhh dip up Wii ok
Great if you're a rich republican
Yes, but at Who's expense!!!
My Great Grand children!!!!
Don, please be consist with your tie lengths, that about the only criticism, go well mate..
Before or after your impeachment?
Now? New?
you need to be impeached like asap u are not a good president

یه پیشنهاد دارم برات برو اهنگ terlump اپیکور رو گوش کن .
The 1% thank you and your 30% are still fooled.  Imagine what's going to happen when their extra $4000 doesn't show up...
Thanks for NOTHING.....way to screw the hard working Americans
The majority of Americans will feel its sting, but not any benefits. You are a child w/ no common sense!
You do realize your gonna cause a huge deficit. Ronald Reagan tried the same thing. Doesn't work. Sorry trump
The biggest fuckery in USA HISTORY!!! Thanks Mr President for shitting on America and making us great again
http://Weimpeach.org 
God bless you donald
Didn’t work Reagan, the Bushes
That would be wonderful
I doubt it
The only thing that you are the biggest and best at is untruthfulness.  Believe me.

“Some people might try to tell you that it’s a banana.” #FactsFirst 
Don't forget expats.  We have asked  nothing of our country; embassy in El Salvador should help us sign up for Social Security/Medicare.
You said you would not touch Medicare /Medicaid. One MORE BIG LIE. You did this to further enrich yourself & your wealthy donors.
#trumpsawhitesupremacist #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist #TrumpIsAMoron #trumpisracist #fucktrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow #TrumpLies
P Trump   keep the great work give no time for the politicians .just push them away make the US great again
Mr. President, You should end the horrible Obamacare TAX all Americans are now FORCED to pay!
Tax cuts for the rich and you are not deserved. Close the tax loop holes on corporations and overseas tax havens. Get a freaking clue.
Schumer sways tax cute was done in the middle of the night, does he mean Obama care?
Remember, there are many reasons that large tax cuts are not done. With your I Q, you shouldn’t have to think about it too long.
Donald, please don't be "that guy" who uses the office only for himself!!!! I'm tired of rich assholes lying about how they care for us all
Why aren’t you talking about the killing of American soldiers in Niger. Worse than that bullshit you talked about in Bengazi
Followed by another recession. Will yours be bigger than W’s.
No vacations for Congress until entire Great America Agenda is passed We want tax cuts Kate’s law repeal ocare regulations Now
terrible budget. too much deficit. And 20,000,000 CHILDREN lose health insurance from the CHIPS program. SHAME ON REPUBLICANS! SHAME
Remember that any tax cut for poor & middle class is FAR LESS than the HUGE TAX CUTS FOR THE RICH and Corporations.
Your Tax plan will fail just as all your other "great plans." You are a JOKE.

#AlertTheDaycareStaff
Mr.President  ...will the debt ever   be reduced   ?
Show us your taxes blowhard
forgot the end of the sentence. '...biggest in the country... FOR THE RICH'
this is nothing more than trickle down economics with shareholders getting windfall!  Failed with Reagan!! Get real!
Not so helpful if we don't have clean air to breath or water to drink because you want to destroy the environment.
WOW   good work    Thank you
We were just talking about you going to heaven, not him.
A self made billionaire (no money from dad), who understood humility and humbleness. Take a page from his book Mr. Trump
Quote from Andrew Carnegie "no man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it"
Why does everything you do had to be the latest, the greatest, the biggest and the most?
It is not tax cut for middle class, it is tax reformation to benefit the wealthy. Stop giving FAKE NEWS
I don't know what you're talking about.
Please don't fuck New Yorkers!
Any spending cuts?
love  our true leader President Trump fearless and forthright..
Is it bcz the Judiciary has given ytour ex wives alimony and child support?  How many grudges do you hold against the USA?
And that begs the question, why do you hate the USA?  Is it bcz US banks & businesses including the NFL have banned your crap?
Why are you pushing for tax breaks for the 1% and increasing our Deficit?  Why are you pushing for war w NK?  Only someone who hates the USA

Huh?  Trump's acne is superfluous.  Idc about his acne.  I care about his total lack of character.
You Malignant Narcissists always do the most harm to yourselves by over estimating yourselves and underestimating others.
Is your goal just to enrich yourself and your family?  If so, then you are doing the opposite bcz when the dust settles, your brand=SHIT.
Is that your actual goal?  To destroy America?  If so, you are doing a damn good job.
Why are you so hell bent on destroying America?
You have never worked a day in your life.  Not really.  You have delegated and thrown temper tantrums and your daddy always bailed U out.
Just like not eating one donut leads to huge weight loss.  It doesn't without follow up.  Your tax plan will fail just like your Wall.
Yeah, yeah, and yeah!
GOP House must move fast on tax bill, before people learn its mostly tax cuts for billionaires, Medicare cuts,& trillions in new debt! #MAGA
THANK YOU! The middle class is going to break. We can’t carry it all anymore. ESPECIALLY SMALL BUSINESS. You listen. 
Will you show your taxes prior to signing tax reform?
All to benefit you and the wealthy
It is definitely going to make the history books.. no doubt about that!!
Get rid of earned income credit but lower their tax bracket for a net zero impact. This will eliminate 2 billion in fraud
This is immoral! They don't help real people!!https://twitter.com/hashtag/FactsFirst?src=hash …

NO Corporate tax break bc it will only give money to shateholders/CEOs.Trickle down has never happened. Your #TaxReform is not #TaxFairness
Release your taxes.
You know the day destroys the night.
We know you're & Kelly must sleep in the same bed, you lying sacks of S__T.
only rich people will see any tax reliefs
Its about time this Great Nation had a REAL President at the helm!  Thank you, Mr. Trump for being here for us.
The Clevenger Family is with you all the way

PROUD OF OUR PRESIDENT
Congratulations
How much money will you get from it ?  Show us your taxes !
War doger
#cnn.Its time to charge real tax to the american companies within EU, so they also pay their share for the society.#Apple,#amazon, #google.
I assume this is only for the very wealthy.
As an ordinary citizen from the great state of Michighan I feel the change in the job market , keep the good work Mr. President
RT @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz These RINO & @GOP Establishment #TaxPlans & #Healthcare Plans are NOT acceptable to #WeThePeople and #Americans
Great!  Now shut down the lies from that Congresswoman.
One word.....deficit......you forgot about that huh?
Where is tax petition to sign
Of course.  Everything has to be the biggest with you.  Makes up for small hands and small crowd size at your inaug.
WOW GREAT!!! BEST NEWS EVER IN HISTORY.⚘
#LiarLiarPantsOnFire #FakePresident #NotMyPresident #PutinsPuppet #RussiaGate #RiggedElection #ImpeachTrumpNow #Prison4AllTrumps #Collusion
Now you put the country further into debt.  Thanks a lot!
We don’t need these “tax reforms”
And run The deficit through the roof! Shame on you Donald!
@mhoward48 please make sure of it, for the peoples sake. 20 trillion dollars in debt, horrible investing or shorting the US
I hope it affects me being a middle class citizen,  not just your rich cronies.
God help us. More money for the top 1% and screw the rest of us. You nasty little man, MOST HATED man in the world. #Notmypresident,#bloatus
WHO ARE YOU BULL$HITTING HERE? TAX REFORM FOR WHO? YOUR A$$
You mean the biggest tax cuts in history, for the rich.
@Potus @RepJeffDenham How do you plan to pay for them? Or, are you using "Dynamic Scoring" to make the numbers work, since that worked b4
@Potus @RepJeffDenham HURRICANE DAMAGE IN TWO STATES;ALSO US TERRITORIES NOT TO MENTION CA FIRE DAMAGE! TAX CUTS R IRRESPONSIBLE
Idiot
Large Scale Tax cuts for the richest 1% of America?  Is that consistent with your election babbling Don?  You damn fool.
Why is the National Association of Realtors against your tax plan?
this now allows #GOP to turn $500B deficit into $2.5T annual deficit! #P2 #TCOT @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats #TrumpOwns
He throws himself, sobbing, on the body politic. He’s a drama queen.
Haha this is the new branch of economics called the idioticy school of ecodumbfucks.
“He’s not strong and self-controlled, not cool and tough, not low-key and determined; he’s whiny, weepy and self-pitying.
The President’s problem is  he is brash and stupid
The president is weak and sniveling.  he undermines himself almost daily by ignoring traditional norms and forms of American masculinity.”
Wow those multi-billion $ companies totally need these tax cuts. You're just giving them the opportunity to cheat the system like you did.
You have this constant pathological need to state that everything you do is "the biggest" or "massive" - one might see insecurity there.
Here comes massive debt so the rich don't have to pay in
Thank you
It’s hard work stealing from the poor to give to the rich.
Setting back progress except for yourself and the other richest Americans. You will be on the wrong side of history.
OVER THERE PROBLEMATIC, THUR THAT IN TOO MAKE SURE THAT THEY FILL BETTER,
YOU SAID AND YOUR DOING IT VERY WELL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN FOR THE 1ST TIME 1980'S,THE PEOPLE ARE HAPPY AGAIN, NOW THE 1/3 WELL THEY GET
SIR YOUR A GREAT MAN FOR TAKEN A JOB THAT WASN'T A POLITICAL JUNKIE,YOU'RE LIKE A FRESH AIR,FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE, A BLESSING TOO DO WHAT
Bigly for the rich only. Why do you hate the poor so much? Do you have a soul? There is not one ounce of compassion in anything you do.
@realDonaldTrump tell us about those bone spurs.
Maybe Congress should have insurance like everyone else does
For the rich. This is why you ran for President. To help yourself. Shame on you and your nonstop lies.
Why don't you stop worrying about Hillary Clinton and start working on some of your promises, you are a joke so far. When I go to other
We are laughingstock of the world, your tweets are the biggest joke of all.
This tax cut will only benefit the wealthy while causing undo harm to the poor and middle class. The wealthy should never have tax cuts.
Don't say reform when you mean cut.  Hope you an your evil buddies enjoy the cut.
Oh how I love this.  You are the greatest @realDonaldTrump
Bring it!! We need it. Suffered so long and have dwindled savings down to barely there. Enough oppression!!
Nothing for majority of Americans
Hahaha
yeah, for all of you and your rich ass friends-won't do anything for us people who REALLY struggle.  You have no idea, gold toilets, damn
