Trump, tu ne fais pas honneur à ton peuple, à ton pays et ta famille, tu es la honte des américains
Un président élu démocratiquement n'est pas"la honte de son peuple" comme vous dites
Démocratiquement ????? La démocratie de l'argent ça s'appelle de la corruption, vous allez beaucoup apprendre ya si mohamed
La manipulation médiatique,les lobby et l'argent sont une évidence pour le commun des mortels.sauf qu'aux usa le scrutin est sacré on ne badine pas avec les voix du peuple.avouons le.
On voit bien l'influence du dominateur sur le dominé, dans ses analyses, ses pensées, sa vision, voire même son mépris des traditions et de sa propre société, bravo alik.... Nous sommes fiers d'appartenir à cette Algérie aux milles défauts..
Moi,j'adore mon pays car je n'ai pas un autre et je ne l'echangerai pas contre la suisse, juré.
Nous  aimons tous cette patrie qui nous a vu naître et grandir.nôtre réussite nous là lui devons .sauf que chacun aime à sa manière.
To bad Texas can't disown you lol
Just got back to the White House from the Great States of Texas and Louisiana, where things are going well. Such coopera...
All President Trump is saying is that the coordinated efforts are going well, not that everything is well and good. He is encouraging them!
Wanna resign? Like now?
Someone who helps a lot of person deserves to be released #FreeKevinTrudeau
I voted for u soo sad think before u speak
SHUT UP ALREADY
I have no power or water.  Things are not going well.
Yet you're on twitter  Maybe reassess your priorities
Maybe you were too busy trolling to notice how twitter aided in rescues
What part of trolling Trump on twitter saves lives?
Reviewing your tweets/replies you are obviously a troll.  BTW, Buddhists wear robes minus the hoods! #fakebuddha
I'm pretty sure the guy with troll in his name twice is the authority in trolls. I agree Buddha wasn't down with #Antifa or Dem KKK
Right, and Buddha wouldn't be wasting his time trolling and demeaning people on social media.
Mr. President. Thank you! You will go down as the greatest president of all time!
Excelente president!!!
Allways good power
Thank you Mr. President. God bless you. God bless America.
@realDonaldTrump 
Dear Mr. President Trump. 
Well let the kicking of the down trodden begin in Texas. Mortgage companies refuse  deferments
Thanks 2 ur experience as a businessman get things organized and done beforehand. GOD BLESS YOU & THANK YOU.
#fake news from a #fake POTUS - going well my arse
Golf courses closed?
There is no question about it. You are a pile of . Always was, always will be. 
Cooperation with Russia? While the storms are distracting attention
Glad you are safe, remember!! we need strong, not swift, caring, not daring, smart, not pulled apart.
But you said, "Climate change is a lie" need more facts?
Great job everyone.
Keep up the good work sir. Be confident and remember you're smart enough to surround yourself with Marines. You'll be fine.
Are you kidding,  things are not going well.  Ppl have lost their homes and everything they own.
We love you all and PRAY 24 x 7 on National Prayer Call. I co-host 11-12 noon each Friday. LISTEN to HIS VOICE
1 712 770 4340 code 543555#
great job potus 
Well he responded faster than some other president did for Katrina. What did you guys do besides write negative comments. Nothing.
That's what presidents do to help others of THIS COUNTRY not illegals or eg Bush sittin ther durin 911 instead of excusin himself to do job
Donny Texas is pretty awesome did you try the food
Yes, things are going well. People are suffering.
Soon, an entire YEAR will have passed since the election, and Trump will STILL be tweeting about Hillary.

#popularvoteloser #dementia
Really? Hello? Lights on? Anyone home??
That is the real America, not #FakeNews @CNN narrative of racism all over. We are America, regardless of skin color. 1 nation under God!
You are so great .. I'm am glad You have a house to go to and it is still white not gold
I'm from Brasil...do everything for them...very sad see people suffering..
Ah don't you just love socialism? Trump just says he does.
You've gotta be shitting me. How can anyone be *this* dense?!?
Things are going well?  Homeless families? No water? Loss family pets? Death? Really? Get a hold of yourself. There is great cooperation...
Going well?!? Erm... where?!?
Thank you! God bless
"Going well"?! How brain dead & insensitive can you be?!
So where's your $1 mill donation?
REALLY MF'er??? Things are going well?? That's what you gathered obviously!! Ask the people from Houston if things are going well!
Going well? Bruh. What are you on and which pharmaceutical company manufactures it?
God Bless You & stick to your goals & ignore all the mess the Lind are throwing st you-you are great, keep it up!
Oh BTW...Those places...KINDA flooded...But you likely didn't notice,as you NEVER saw ANY of the victims while around there!!!
And lots of potential voters
"Going well"? You probably considered the Battle of Waterloo a military success then.
I am one person and I love you president TRUMP

Only because you had nothing to do with it.  Cooperation and Coordination is not in your bag of tricks.
Being back in the U.S. of America is a miracle come true, heh Don?

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.pmo_india …
Things are not going well, it's the beginnings of an utter tragedy, people will be homeless for years. Meanwhile you repeal regs. Unwise.
@realDonaldTrump Dear president

Good job!  Mr. President.  We are proud of you.
Out of touch.
So...http://ww2today.com/4th-september-42-nazis-order-that-children-be-deported …... really?
Thank you President Trump, for all that you do. You are a godsend. Please keep fighting for us! Dont forget about the Forgotten Americans!
Better ask the 50K homeless and in shelters. Much larger than YOUR crowds.
You, however, are no help at all. Stay home in your padded room.
things LITERALLY could not be going less well there.
WTG showing up Mr. Trump @realDonaldTrump
How would you how things are going here in Tx? You didn't do anything! Just because your foot touched Tx soil doesn't mean you care! You POS
I don't think the residents would say it's going well. But then again you don't really understand or care
When will you donate the $1M that you promised?
Big words for small hands.
was that your first or second hand assessment? lol
You only think it's going well because you met w/ the helpers, not those who lost everything. You have no heart & you are a racist! Go away!
The lady in the pay is crying in #shame. Decent #Americans are embarrassed. The world is laughing. But attacking #DACA is your UN failure
Yes but the leftist progressives and the Lying cheating news media will find something to gripe about what you did!
Going well.... I think they'd disagree.
I really hate him.
It was a great photo op...another one's coming up in Florida.  Please have mercy on the DACA kids--they are future voters.
The cause of these very big hurricanes is because of extreemly warm ocean waters caused by GLOBAL WARMING,  WAKE UP, ITS REAL, OPEN YUR EYES
to bad you came back
I watched you on tv!  My Sunday paper had a front page pic of you cupping the face of a young black child.  It was heartwarming!
Than God for the people because you sure did nothing
No thanks to you! What is your deal?
Thank you from Texas.
All is well. No worries. Everyone is ok. Lots of coordination & cooperation. Except that guy who's asking $70 for a case of drinking water.
How insensitive can you be? How can things possibly be going well??
Mr. Trump here south of Houston the mouth of the San Bernard river is  stopped up and bastrop  bayou please talk to them about it please
Ignorance in every word. People are suffering and you treat it like a political rally. Disgusting. Embarrassing. Cruel.
you should have gone where the water was as high as the house and see all the dead cows and stinky water why did you not go there? ?
no thanks to you, where those water bottle too heavy? :) and wow your wife gave you a box to put in the trunk wowww, that was really helping
Jackass
Things are going well?! Do you realize how many people have lost their livelihoods?!!
Going well? Wonder what you'd say if you lived there?  You'd still be on a roof by design.
Please read about San Jacinto River Waste pits.. protect our homes we voted for you
We must make people accountable for building on spits of sand in the ocean & living in flood plains.  Should the gov't give them a check?
Going well? You have to be kidding! Did what you saw there even register in your confused mind??
So Flynn made you go back and do the right thing. Good. Thanks Daddy Flynn.
So many heroes Mr. President #prayers, #Thank you
Can you please stop...no one likes you
Trump. Cooperation & coordination are 2 out of many things you could learn from.
What dock were U hiding under...didn't observe the real world again!!!! NO ONE CARED if U were there or not...
What happened to your donation?
Thank you, President Trump! We in Texas Appreciate Your Help!
Such excitement! Such exclamation! Such adulation! Such idiocy!
Wow I'm surprised you can spell cooperation! Good job!
Liar.
It was so heartening to see you and the lovely First Lady show such warmth,empathy and support to the peoole impacted by Harvey.
No thanks to you, although you take credit for everything.
Things suck in TX. Are you kidding me?
Things are going well??? Said nobody ever after a devastating disaster. #trumpisadisaster
I wonder how 'well' the families of those who have died in Texas think things went? You are so out of touch.
What about Oregon Mr. President?
How many $40 campaign hats did you sell. @POTUS the real film flam man but with way less class. Not an American President
Do you not understand that this is a major crisis?
Probably not such a great idea to try to gut FEMA huh!! https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/politics/as-agencies-respond-to-storm-some-face-cuts-under-trump-budget-proposal/2017/08/29/0fbbd6ca-8cc8-11e7-84c0-02cc069f2c37_story.html …
I can't stand 45. Evil, evil, EVIL...
You are so lame.  Act like you care, and then remove DCA - you are a true pig!!!!
Have you thanked Mexico publicly for their assistance, or does this go against your discriminatory principles? #ITMFA
Did you leave us your million dollar pledge check?
Its.only week 1.  13,520 to go for the five years it will take
Things are "going well?"  Are you on CRACK??
Going well? That's not what you would say if you experienced this first-hand. To you, everything is "great" and "beautiful"
Obviously you don't know what you are talking about, again.
60 people died, thousands in hospitals, millions displaced, billions in losses. That sounds like things are going well to you? #sad #sick
Nobody cares about what are doing there. Just go away.
Seriously....admit that you only went for the photo op and to inflate your already bloated ego.
So...you consider countless Americans being displaced and having to try to pick up the pieces of their lives as things are going well?
Did you go anywhere besides the shelters?Houston looks like a warzone.Oh wait, I forgot that u didn't go to war because of those #bonespurs

Why won't you come to Montana? We have one million acres burned and it's 0% contained. Our state is burning and we need help too!
People still have water in their house. Businesses are still not back to normal. Overflow from reservoirs will last another 15 days.
Why don't you go back to New York and stay out of the white house. You have cased more turmoil  for this country then I have ever seen
you better be allowing for a hella lot of money. Texas, Louisiana, and now Florida.......and expect more global warming disasters to come.
Yep, tens of thousands still in shelters, billions of dollars needed. Have you congratulated yourself yet?
The Clintons should find it in their disgusting hearts to send the millions they stole from Haiti to Texas.Or maybe Florida in a few days.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Yea and u are suppose to put a bucket of cement in the bed of the truck not the lap of passenger for your photo op! 
Yeah, things couldn't be better. When are you sending them the check you promised?
What part of Texas do you think is doing well? Certainly not on the gulf coast.
I bet they don't think it's going that great...
Just got back to the White House from the Great States of Texas & Louisiana, where things are screwed since I ended flood protections!*fixed
Thanks  mr president
