Wish @cathmckenna knew "Just the Facts" on #ParisAgreement like U. http://blog.friendsofscience.org/?s=just+the+facts …  Instead she #fell4frond
According to the UN, forests take in 30% of global CO2, and Canada has 10% of global forests. (30%*10%= 3%). CDN produces 1.6% of Co2. Net -
Trump, you are the man who's been bankrupt six times, and at this rate, you'll bankrupt the United States
You are a moron

Why is termination the answer? This not like a wife you replace with divorce. Trade has to be a win for all parties.
Yeah, and, BTW, #Houston is underwater, in case you want to take a break from tweeting about yourself. #unpresidented
Seriously? Stop trying to threaten other countries on Twitter. You couldn't be less presidential if you tried.
The ONLY reason USA companies employ Mexicans in Mexico is to keep them from jumping the border! They now have MORE job security than we do!
There it is, the stupidest thing i will read today
Work hard with Canada, they are a great nation and allie
Oh Donald. Don't hate us cause you ain't us. 
My State is undergoing a severe storm and you tweet about the wall that Mexico has reiterated many times they will not pay for. Unbelievable
You are so disrespectful! This isn't "Your" country, it's "Our" country
Stop tweeting. You're barely literate.
USA a great country, but your president is a loco.
Are you f***** kidding me trump canada really wtf man canada if not mexico canada most easiest country great outstanding trading relations 2
Please show me what country you get along with i know our states you dont can you atleast tell me one great outstanding ctry relations
May have #Mexico and #Canada terminate relationship with #USA?

#NAFTA

@EPN y @JustinTrudeau deberían acabar relación con @POTUS?
Canucks care about environment - #climatechange is overdone.
You will find Canadians can be very difficult when standing up to irrational, ill informed bullies.
Well in the great white north we are all about #CIAG.  That spells Canada Is Already Great.
@realDonaldTrump Lets Make America Great Again we can come back Twice as Strong I believe We Can! #MAGA #Harvey
Build walls, separate from allies, give military grade weapons to the police, cut crisis funding, & instigate war - Are you terminating us?
The only termination needed now is yours.
.@realdonaldtrump You sound like a tween girl debating whether or not to wear mascara to school.  May have to resign?
Wow. That sounds difficult.  You should build two walls.....amd make them both pay for  them...that'll teach em!
Terminate your presidency would be better
"Both being very difficult", you mean they won't just cave to your whim? How dare they!
There are only two sides to this. Every person must be either for the United States or against it. There can only be patriots and traitors
So Americans can make five dollars an hour? No thank you.
https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/08/28/us/politics/trump-tower-putin-felix-sater.html … Nothing to do with Russia huh. Lies lies lies. You're an embarrassment to our country. #impeach
Stop Twittering the whole time. Act like a president, not a 14 year old girl!
"In reality, the number of American jobs increased after NAFTA" Thomas Sowell
Who cares. We need to take care of.  the people who have been impacted by Hurricane Harvey not worrying about #NAFTA
Speaking of terminating...we're only days away from your inevitable impeachment & terminating your reign of hatred! #ImpeachTheRacist
Please just resign!  Save Mueller the trouble of charging you with treason and impeachment.

Fl professor Is AN idiot, and has only himself to blame .
He Should Ndver be Around Young Munds. PERIOD.
After hearing Judge Pirrot’s  opening statement I was deeply sickened of the level of Wash. DC. corruption.  Hire her in J. Session’s place!
@sjh2222 This would certainly  reduce drugs  flowing  into the US
yes it would & every little bit helps!
Please do! Then we can charge you what our natural resources are REALLY worth.
I wonder if electricity is included? If so...,,,
Keep America First!  My father lost his job to NAFTA; his town lost a mfg. plant. We love our neighbors but we've got to take care of US!
Good luck with that. Won't happen
Ha!
Isolating people from their support networks is a classic move for abusers. These are our allies!!! Why do you want the U.S. alone?
Fuck you pelotudo forro de mierda chica tu madre
Reducing noxious pollutants is good4 planet+people. #climatechange is 4 Carbonbaggers. https://youtu.be/hYWZbYnmbQo  #uspoli #cdnpoli
Get rid of DACA, the free ride is over....Americans taking America back
Yet they overlook your bull$#** to assist with a natural disaster. Shut up and resign. You are failing period! Mueller is quickly closing in
They are not being difficult you are just too stupid for them to deal with.  Big difference.  Let the grown ups handle it.
Maybe don't terminate a deal with people OFFERING HARVEY VICTIMS RELIEF FUNDS
We should terminate....terminate you from office #ImpeachTrumpNow #NotMyPresident #americawasbetterbefore45
I thought you were against early termination. #prochoice #PlannedParenthood
You may have to terminate your presidency
The REAL issue is RUSSIA TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON! RUSSIA! TRUMP! TREASON-JAIL
This mans is fuckin wild
NAFTA Put me out of a job...Worked in the textile industry for 27 years..Before. NAFTA and Mexico..!!!
I apologize on behalf of our poor excuse for a Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau
I have no doubt that you will put the kabosh on NAFTA just as you did with the terrible TTP (TTTP)! #MAGA 
Not difficult .. we just don't tweet negotiations we have real meetings... let's us know when you are ready to act like a president
Please do not let #H1B escape your attention
SHUT UP! SHUT UP! SHUT UP! SHUT UP! SHUT UP! SHUT UP! SHUT UP! SHUT UP! SHUT UP! SHUT UP! SHUT UP! SHUT UP! SHUT UP! SHUT UP! SHUT UP!
maybe its's a good idea to terminate Trump's presidency instead
#Terminate #Terminate build that Wall!
Clinton Legacy: Nov 18, 1995, after roughly 140 years of metal production, Bethlehem steel factory ceased operations. Feb 2003 BK. #MAGA
We trust you President Trump.  You are a man of the common people! God bless our country and our President!
Mr.,President. Do what you have to do, to make wrongs right.Clinton should have never made that treaty.Remember outrage when he did it.
Get rid of it. That's what caused most of the high paying manufacturing jobs out in the first place.#hatenafta
Cut them off if they won't respectfully negotiate
300% penalty on Bombardier planes respectfull?
Reap what you sow
Out with the old in with the new NAFA.... sounds as crooked as the clintons.. Thank you President Trump for draining the swamp
You are the worst trade deal ever made
Terminate it, don't be scared! That would give Mexico a great opportunity to find new partners who appreciate good business relationships.
Best president EVERRRRR u #MyPresidentTrump
For Canada its Canada 1st, just like you say America 1st. Leave, we'll keep trading with Mexico.

Mmmh...@ http://kiliedutravel.com 
NAFTA has been an abortion since it was created listen to Ross Perot, terminate NAFTA President Trump.
I'm ok with that. I couldn't believe Clinton signed off on it at the time. #MAGA
why not terminate your reign?
NAFTA is to benefit Mexico, Canada and the USA equally, so Canada and Mexico are standing up for fairness and USA isn't happy! Says it all!
U got my vote
Yup do it! True American's have your back! Always, wimpy resistance who beat up old men and women! True American's will take care of them!
Quite nafta! We have YOU'RE back against RESISTANCE party!
Mr. @realDonaldTrump Life is not black or white. If something not work, let's change or adjust. Don't be dramatic. No one win or lose all.
You are what must be terminated.  No one anywhere else would be allowed to remain in a job when so incompetent.
http://www.thedailybeast.com/exclusive-mueller-enlists-the-irs-for-his-trump-russia-investigation … Tic Toc Tic Toc #abuseofpower #Corruption #ObstructionOfJustice #impeachtrump #TrumpRussia
You do what you know to be best President Trump! We trust you! I am coming to Washington DC next week! Will be there for 9/11!
Yes, but wait until after the 2018 midterms. Smarter this way.
@PeggyRuppe also focus on insourcing /outsourcing American knowledge and wealth being transferred. Need American Jobs saved
@PeggyRuppe terminate the deal. It is under your constitutional control. Senate can review but not stop
of course they are! not in their favor! lots of things need to be terminated for sure! we want America great again!!! we are behind you.
Pe
You are horrifying so backwards thinking... shame
.. shame #realDonaldTrump
You re embarrassing you called out people on money but you blew your personal budget in 6 months. Dick
Thanks again Mr President I know you have my back
GOD's Blessing and GOD's speed Mr President Donald @realDonaldTrump
You are not Arnold swarzenager you cannot terminate lol
As Mexico said, we will not negotiate via social media.  Do. Your. Job.
It would be wonderful if you understood even a little bit about trade deals. Sadly, it's not wonderful.
Terminate it. We'll refine our own oil & buy our things from Mexico & China. Good riddance!!
Texas wins with NAFTA - focus on disaster at hand 40% of Texas trade is with Mexico via NAFTA, and its largest city is currently underwater
Yourself? Not a bad idea.
terminate your lying mouth..
Stand Mexico on its feet and make it survive without handouts.
Yet it is MEXICO who is rushing to our aid when Harvey is ravaging Texas. Still pushing for that wall?
#Nafta..... Its called "standing up to the bully" of course what does a bully do. Threaten to quit . #whyAreayouStillPresident
Thank the republicons for NAFTA.  Clinton may have signed it, but they had the majority they needed to enact into law without him and would.
they just take from our people and country and disrespect everything about US Thank You President Trump WE ALL LOVE YOU AND YOURS
Trump will never be a leader. Just a spoiled rich kid born with a silver spoon up his ass. Everything given to him by his kkk member father.
You're the bad deal ever, go back to Trump tower and keep being a landlord, that's the best thing you do.
Terminating Mexico & Canada seems a bit harsh.


#Texans saving Texans and the federal government under our great @POTUS all battling the biggest natural catastrophe we have ever faced. https://twitter.com/flipitred2020/status/902635614834528256 …

#TrumpTrain is Being Attacked By #Terrorists #Antifa this Is My Story about #Durham NC MAGAFirstNews@gmail.com
#TrumpTrain is Being Attacked By #Terrorists #Antifa this Is My Story about #Durham NC MAGAFirstNews@gmail.com https://www.pscp.tv/w/bHR0QDFZTEVKTkdsR0p2RU58MXlwSmRsbGxFakxKV7VY4KCmWHZrb5XzuI3cl5TxJ3WeCVwJ7PeWk6QjNJPH …
@realDonaldTrump = Paper tiger. Can't negotiate. Can only beat his chest.

Shut up Grandpa, stop whining like a little snowflake.
If u didn't make it, its a bad deal, i.e., The Magna Carta, the Ten Commandments, and, NAFTA. Way to tip ur hand-we loose, ur fault!
Yes please do terminate your presidency..  your dragging this country down
Impeach Trump
Let's terminate your employment. 25th Amendment
Hasta La Vista Baby.
Careful, you declined #ParisAgreement. If you cancel NAFTA, a new agreement might seek #CO2 #tariffs from USA to compensate. #justathought
STUPID COMMENT!
Can you smell that smells like impeachment show me the money Trump
Such a sad little child, grow a spine and have an old school news conference and answer some questions, you LOSER
Backing down is not in the program. TY for leveling the field, Mr. President!  #MAGA
How about Finland?
#TumptyDumpty is never difficult. #TanTrump
Canada and Mexico have smart leaders, we have shitforbrains. Better leave NAFTA talks to the next person.
DO IT !! MAKE THEM COME BACK TO THE TABLE BEGGING !!
Then you are not trying hard enough
REAL AMERICANS WANT TO TERMINATE YOU OUT OF THE OVAL OFFICE! IMPEACH THE CHEETO IN CHIEF!
Do it!
Yes, terminate if they don't want a fair deal!
Yes, need to terminate this presidency by impeachment.
Can also renegotiate the purchase of gasoline and the entry of oil companies to mexico...And the purchase of cheap oil is over
Ok..just casually gonna speculate on Twitter Re: possibly "terminating" NAFTA? ...OH MY GOD, u must be pissing ur pants over probe, huh?!
Go for it we in UK are only waiting for the N American trade deals to start working
Terminate the Chinese deal while you're at it Bud. Everything fro there is junk anyways.
Mexico wanted to remind you of this
I love being Mexican so much. Our culture, history, music, FOOD, and the beautiful spirit and pride we all have is so unique. 
Terminate that deal. And make Mexico pay for the WALL..
Yes; please terminate your presidency and let an adult take the job. #UnPresidented
Terminate. Let them eat Cake.
We need 2 be careful not to get Donald Trump more attention than he deserves. He isn't smart enough or sophisticated enough 2 separate us!
What will you be drinking for Trumps impeachment?
Post your beverage of choice to celebrate his impeachment! #impeachmentbeverageof choice
Too bad we can't terminate your presidency
Ask to your boss Putin
Do it on CHINA we are suckers
Please tell me how NAFTA is the "worst trade deal ever made" when it helped SAVE MILLIONS OF US JOBS from being taken by China???
I know very little of the specifics about NAFTA but I know that if you're against it, I'm for it.
If they have NO INTENTION of negotiating in good faith, then TERMINATE that POS we all know as NAFTA. No Globalist Deals today!
No matter how much money he brings back to America some people will hate him and want to "impeach" him keep crying cause it ain't happening
Instead of that, let's terminate your presidency. Please resign.
Stop congressional subsidies for healthcare for house and senate.please.
Your presidency has been very difficult for all of us. How about terminating it? #PatheticPOTUS #TrumpTrainWreck
Terminate your presidency. @VP will be so much better at your job.
So embarrassed that you are leading our country. Let's alienate all our neighbors. At least try to be diplomatic and professional.
Sure that will help! Our two biggest importers of American goods. #NAFTA
Have to terminate your presidency? Yes, diffinitely a great idea to #MAGA
Terminate it if they aren't willing to balance the disparity.
Please kill the China deal. They are killing my industry
How about we terminate you instead
Novelty items, Shirts, Kuzzies, Flags, Banners and more http://mypromoitemsusa.com  20% off Code and Free shipping
Why a question mark? Are you asking us? The answer is yes, please terminate your presidency as soon as possible & let an adult handle this.
You need to FIRE Sessions, Rosenstein & Mueller for Conflict of Int.& get an indep.grand jury to hear the case if you want to be re/elected.
I love you Mr. President but you’ve GOT to clean out the swamp AND sewer at WH. Sessions told J. Chavetz he will NOT prosecute Comey or HRC!
Terminate!!! NAFTA is all against America. If they aren't fair enough to compromise then terminate!!
I'm glad you are doing this, it needs to be restructured! I'm so glad you are at the helm!
While you're at it, could we revisit our patent laws for the pharmaceutical industry? That would be the next step to
Increase Healthcare affordability
