برو بمير  بي غيرت
Mr. president....I think you should refer to Kim Jong-un not as Rocket Man but as rocket boy because he acts like an impetuous child.
A lot like you sound!!
FYI. Obama care still there, elections coming up.  Second term unlikely at this rate.
Trump is a pathological liar, don’t believe anything Trump say.
I thought you were such a great negotiator. Get to work on it then.
Maybe he can send you? You're such a bad-ass bully boy...you would show them....
Keep up the great work, Sir!  We are so proud to have you as our president. We ignore MSM and watch your leadership in action. So impressed!
He grabs pu$$ies, Kristy.  Disgusting that you teach children.
赶紧开战吧。
You are causing the danger with North Korea
This whole mess is just a "pissing" contest between two men who should be acting like leaders, not little boys!!!
And stop  showing your ignorance like a childish statement like: my weapon is better than yours!!  Good grief!!
After many years of failure,countries are coming together to  finally address the dangers posed by North Korea. We must ...
The NFL could have held a press conference,or Walk Out, or stand together after the game. DISRESPECT OUR flag? R.I.P.N.F.L
: Its about time to be checked brain wise if you are suitable to be the President of such a powerful country, which I doubt that you will pass it.
Wholeheartedly agree. Thank you for having the courage to LEAD!
I don't see this as "leadership", but a pissing contest between two little boys! Mine is bigger....no MINE is bigger!
I sincerely thank you for your strength and determination! You are exactly what we need to stand against N.Korea!
And you have totally lost your mind.
After we take care of North Korea we need to do the same with Iran. Going to be a tough one, thanks to Obama.
WE  are not the ones who would have to take care of No.Korea.  And YOU are willing to send our boys over there to fight and die for people like YOU.  SHAME SHAME!!
Resign
We should be so lucky.  He thinks he's great.  Where are the sane people to take him out of office............NOW.
You are: 1. Greatest President! 2. Proud of you and your work!   I agree100%.   Thank you.
And YOU should be locked up!
3 Years, 5 Months, 12 Days, 5 Hours, 42 Minutes, and 41 Seconds
Hahahaha
The Greatest President Ever 
We love you MR President 


What the #FakeNews is NOT TELLING #American's about #NorthKorea "Crisis" 

#CIA Op. On Behalf of #NWO / #Globalists

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CuKKAzvANwE …
#NorthKorea #SouthKorea and the #CIA that began in 1950 with President Rhee.  This is what the #FakeNews is NOT discussing
The #KoreanWar and the Central Intelligence Agency | Dr. Clayton Laurie, Center for the Study of Intelligence 

https://www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/docs/2010-05-01.pdf …
A New President, a Better CIA, and an Old War: #Eisenhower and Intelligence Reporting
on Korea, 1953

https://www.cia.gov/library/center-for-the-study-of-intelligence/csi-publications/csi-studies/studies/vol.-54-no.-4/pdfs/Laurie-Ike%20and%20Intel-Extract-Annotated.pdf …
FLASHBACK 1994: Clinton Says His Deal With North Korea Would Make The World Safer http://dailycaller.com/2017/08/08/flashback-1994-clinton-says-his-deal-with-north-korea-would-make-the-world-safer/?utm_source=site-share … via @dailycaller
#American's do not want war! 

#Trump Campaigned on Negotiating with #NorthKorea 

#Globalist Want War;  Then Send them to the BattleField 
We have so Many #Scandals Unwraveling by the hour, I don't know how we could possibly entertain a #FakeWare with #NorthKorea 

@DropThe_Mic
wat moet jij eten Donald hier bloemkool met een papje
I think pancakes with a lot of maple sirup
Lekker
After too many days of your presidency, the process to impeach your lazy, good-for-nothing ass should begin. 
#ShowerOfLyingTrumpBASTARDS
There is an was NO RUSSIAN ANYTHING WHERE ARE THE FACTS OUR GOVERNMENT ARE LIARS WE SHOULD DEMAND THE NON EXISTANT PROOF
【トランプ大統領のツイート】
#北朝鮮 に厳しい態度で臨んでいますね！
https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/894880193839497216 …
Wrong for herein we have overplayed it, kindness and a meeting before U.N. w / Kim Jung Un to have his say! 'Al!'
KICK THEIR ASS!!  GO POTUS!!
How can a baby be in the White House? Doesn't the US have an age limit on Presidential candidates? Trump is 70 going on 4.
If Fat Boy Kim nukes US, POTUS will have no option but to totally vaporise North Korea.
#NoWar #NoMoreWars #WeDidNotHireAWarHawk #NoWar
Everyone expects that you will start a war to save your own ass! How dare you!
The Neo-Cons and Rich Jews (IMF, World Bankers) would love nothing more then to go to WAR.
Please Mr President, send this ruthless empire a very very powerful present.
You're acting like a dope and taunting a deranged lunatic.  Please resign. You don't care about me because I voted for HRC.
There is no we! You are supposed to be leading but you act stupid and make threats! Stop the nonsense!
But meeting secretly---and REPEATEDLY--- with Russian agents AND lying under oath about it is okay? FLYNN was ORDERED not to take MONEY.
Finally. Thanks Potus.
Nobody got together with u abt NK

Looks you will fight.
Everybody hates you.
Ass
can't wait to become a badass post-apocalypse wasteland driver after your Third World War will be over. Gonna take out the immortal joe mask
Kim Jung un should be treated like any other terrorist!
Watch the NK head fake as the SCS "islands" grow. Don't fall for the squeeze play.
Pity they seem to be able to find fuel for these rockets, and power for the technology.
Kill Em Don
Foreign policy 140 characters at a time?
Jimmy Carter Deal...https://twitter.com/I_AmAmerica/status/895260196301361153 …
China are the biggest part of the whole in Asia. The rest of the world needs to know they are on side.
This dictator is Young and unexperienced/dumb,very bad combination/ dangerous for the safety of the world.
Pray for Our President yall to make precise decisions! World wide!
Go get him we will win
Respected sir peace talk makes not for us for whole universe give peace. don' t under estimate. Because your decision is desirable one.
Heres an Idea , nuke the entire NK and obliterate the threat forever ! Stop pondering .. Make the call and release the missile !
Not just North Korea but also Russia and treasonists! Don't you agree @realDonaldTrump? #Fake45
Wow, nobody wants to even talk to you. Are they coming together against USA?
I think you have been watching Game of Throne looking for strategy. Unless we have some dragons stashed away you might want to chill.
"He's a good guy".
More wars have been won by talking through it than actually launching full scale war .. Gods Speed God Bless our world 
The most dangerous is the GOLD medal from Saudi king it has evil spells on it..no free lunch frm SAUDI -usin Evil force 2 attack u/US..ALERT
But do we really need a Nuclear War? Be more careful please, careless talk costs lives!!

#FunWaysToDie: Lightning strike while teeing off. Fatal fall down a steep set of airplane stairs. Spray tan poisoning. Ice cream overdose.
Lord help us!
Just give china North Korea
You are a true warrior
Jesus. The commas and the spaces... #Smallhandsproblems
You both have one major thing in common; you are both seriously mentally disturbed.

If country's unite, its for 1 reason; to have a plan if your stupidity destroys the planet. You have the brainstorm of an ant. A dead one
Starting a war with Korea isn't going to bring your dwindling base back or gain you approval points.  Solving this with diplomacy might.

Especially in getting you out of office before you do something stupid which you seem to be an expert at doing.

hi
Damm straight. Japan should rattle there capital. anybody shot a gun over my head its go time.
Also discussing the danger you pose, as an incompetent crazy fool!
Think very carefully before communicating! your NK fury tweet was reckless and dangerous. Kelly - stop his tweeting before we get in war!
Thanks for standing up for our country
Having a pushing contest with your tiny "hands" is not countries coming together.  They are scared shitless that you are about to nuke SEA
Starting a nuclear war is not success. Prevention mass chaos and death with diplomacy has always been the goal.
so sorry to tell you that North Korea has been a problem for a long time.  Did you just now notice?????? Why are you the president?????????

Keep up the great work, no matter what! You are doing phenomenal things. #Trumprocks
Golfing is very tough and decisive
a strike against NK needs to be done now, for the safety of my family and children please before it's to late
Act on our promises
Here's an idea:  President No-Balls here gets to talk tough about Guam,  Hawaii etc., when he parks his sizable ass there while talking.
A wise man speaks cuz he has something to say.
A fool speaks cuz he has to say something.
Donald.....u are doing a great job.. Kick North Korea's butt. We Love u...always
Be careful who and how you threaten, Bonespur, or we will unleash on you words and memes the likes of which twitter has never seen. 
ha...cause that's the snowflake, sjw way...get busy making those posters and knitting those kitty hats sister!
Cool. It's taken forever, but I've finally been trolled by a bot. 

I feel so special. 
no problem girly...anytime!
Awww. How cute. It's even calling me names, just like a good bot should do.
if the high heel shoe fits missy...wear it!
he wont
It's Reassuring to know we have someone who can Diplomatically resolve this crisis with N. Korea. Way to make threats with your pants down.
You keep saying we. There is no we. There's not even a you. The world views you like "WE" do, a complete and utter joke.
Take action
Truthfully Trump has been doing ANYTHING he can to use a nuke... considering he would be only the 2nd in history to do it...

Sad days
After many years of peace, you've brought us to the brink of war with North Korea. No one but you.
2009: U.N. Passing Sanctions
2013: New Sanctions Pass in Unified U.N. Vote
2016: U.N. Toughens Sanctions
2017: U.N. Imposes New Sanctions
Thank you PRESIDENT TRUMP and your team!  To keep us safe!
"LOCKED AND LOADED"!
You are disgraceful
The time of leading from behind ended with Obama!
LMAO! More bullshit from Rerun Don! Rerun is trying to figure out which button in the nuclear briefcase has NK on it...he is so stupid.
Good idea
This "Fire and Fury" sound a whole like "Macbeth" quote. 
"...it is a tale
 Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury,
 Signifying nothing."
Yes, we must! However, this country expects a true leader, mature enough to deal with N.Korea, not someone like u who threatens back!
Its time for S.Korea to expand 
Just blow them up
Look at all these triggered snowflakes. President Trump,  don't listen to these little beta  males. Keep on MAGA! Trump 2020
Deflect from Russia, deflect from zero achievements, better start kicking off a war Donnie.
I know he'll use this power wisely.
President Trump, please relieve HR Mcmaster of his duties and fire him, he is working against you.Hire true patriots that have your back!!
You can't even comprehend what come together means! You are mental! #TrumpRussia  #Trumpismentallyill
What have you done you wastrel! Get out of our WH. It does not belong to you! Get out!
Whatever happened to these wise words: "America does not go abroad seeking monsters to destroy" James Madison
Dude, you need to tweek your brain some. Drink a beer or some #wine. Smoke #pot. Hell, take something your doc prescribes. Or #LSD. #Uneeda
Wheres the Mooch? @Scaramucci for President
朝鮮打倒！！Koreaoverthrow！！ NorthKoreaoverthrow！！
BIGUSA!!BIGUSA!!BIGUSA!!
I predicted that, if elected, you would get us into WWIII.  Please don't prove this moderate D right.

Dem strategist on Fox News: 

Trump is "Somebody who likes to talk loudly and carry a small stick"

…
How is it that everyone else is a failure except you? Individuals and or countries.
The biggest danger is you.
This tweet is hypocritical, unAmerican and unnecessary. #juststop #egomaniac

Go back to your golf!
Agreed but please stop w/verbal threats. Find diplomatic ways, enforce sanctions but pls don't give NK the public acknowledgment they want
but China will support NK u r really xoxo 19 missiles compared to 7 that President Obama hadin 8 years kim hates u
God you are such an embarrassing joke.
Trump, No hay huevos.
After many failures countries are coming together to address the dangers posted by @realDonaldTrump
Shut up
Did you not say NATO is obsolete.
North Korea does not go around dropping bombs on other countries, they just test them. You are sounding like North Korea first not MAGA.
I would love to bring my band and perform for you!!! Make America Greater!
It a good decision in the right direction but you must thread cautiously

Retired Air Force General: 

'The US can wipe out all of #NorthKorea in 15 minutes' 

…
Diplomacy is a must.  I don't think you want to go down in history as the President who killed the most humans in a few hours.

That guy freaks out when he feels threatened. You want him to calm down? LAY OFF!
This posturing happens every year usually when the River between North and South freezes over. Our response has always been,
Yep that's what my dad always said.The exact something President Trump.We should of took care of them long ago
D
How insane r u? U have incited an intl incident...that now other countries must address. We R a provocateur rather than a leader.
#DontheCon
Get off Twitter for a while and do something useful.  Take yr 2 meathead sons out hunting to reduce NJ's rhino population.  Take your time.
And careful
Overwhelmingly decisive, India, Japan, Phillipines,  SK, US, everyone in the region and allies needs to be involved.
