#PutinsBitch #KochSucker #MercersBitch #Traitor
Nice picture Trump's body w/ POPULAR Presidential vote WINNER. She is definitely better looking then Trump. That's WHY U changed face Thanks
Liberal men get laid more because they respect women. I guess this explains why Republican areas have more porn usage.
So @FLOTUS how's your boyfriend?  I don't blame you.  I wouldn't want to have sex with trump either.  He's definitely hotter.
What a small crowd!
You were in stellar form tonight, sir. Get outside The Sewer. Come to Omaha. We will share a nonalcoholic beverage, a burger, & golf. #MAGA
oh, what did he do for you?  What companies are back?
Stock portfolio way up. In part b/c Fed & earnings, but also dereg & coming tax cuts. And @POTUS is sending MS-13 & illegal felons packing!
oh yeah.
They are so lucky to have you! I wish you could visit here but California does not deserve your presence!!
LOSER. Everyone is laughing at you and you don't even seem to know it 
Should you be able to vote after brain damage from a brain tumor?
Help stop #TrumpCare , sign up here:
https://www.indivisibleguide.com/hubdialer-signup/ …
Hopefully, she's administer your happy pills this evening.
@IvankaTrump I bet will be the most popular girls at #Prison.I'm sure there will b a line of folks waiting 2 grab that Kitty Meow Meow 
What do you want? A medal?
#FreeMelania
No one cares..
I do STUPID
great job pushing our guys to do what was needed today in HCare..
I thought Ivanka was FLOTUS.
Can't you just spend one weekend in the White House? Preferably next weekend. So I can win the office pool.
You know you'll never be allowed to fire Jeff Sessions
I wonder if #OneNationUnderGOD  can tell just once where trump attended service
Real president.  
Oh boy....you can really feel the love emanating from poor @flotus. #complicit #madeyourbed #lieinit @WFLA @TB_Times @RoguePOTUSStaff
A president of the people ... We love you @POTUS thank you for all you are doing.. these wacked out deranged liberals never had a president
So Trump... Did you remember to let her walk in front so she can point out your limo???
Wow! Dozens of white folks were there to great you. That's awesome. Ok, not really awesome but definitely great. Ok, it's pathetic actually.
You mean she hasn't left you yet???  That's coming soon!!!
Impeachment is coming...  Soon!!
Melania will smarten up soon. The gig is almost up!!!
Oh, she's smart. She'll walk away with a fortune for staying with him thru this insane presidency. Soon!
This just in Girl Scouts Obtain Restraining Order Against Trump
BREAKING NEWS: Little girls filing restraining order against Trump?
It's a satire piece in the New Yorker. Funny.
Yeah, but I like my headline 
WOOP-T-DOO, who gives a flying FK....U R THIER for your EGO, that's it!  You're like a Straw.......U SUCK!
That is a highly disturbing meme.
This one.....? LOL
Yeah lol. I had to do a quadruple take to figure out what the hell I was looking at lol
America and Americans need a hero! Clearly the @GOP wants to put party over our country no SHAME they are the party of intolerance & greed!
Please do not attack people represent all people stop talking about Obama and Hillary unite the people of the country
MAGA PRESIDENT DJT
https://www.facebook.com/hillarybeattrump/posts/1939966299579374 …
BAHAHAHA. Seek help for that adjustment disorder consuming u!
Golfing?


thank you.  Melania is beautiful.
Resign
Jude 1:2
#Mercy, #peace, and #love be multiplied to you.
Still an unfortunate blind little sheep I see ... sad
i guess they just like hearing it and havent noticed you arent doing anything.




Ewwww! Too many lawyer fees to be able to afford some pore cleanser? No wonder she doesn't hold your hand.
Better hurry parade's starting
And 45 is grand master....dunce cap ready!


Who invited you to the party? Bye bye!!!

@histbuff0313 blocked me glorious day trump continues to win!
Go milk the bulls JoeBob
"I Will Survive - PERIOD!™"
#KillTheBill #Resist 
Trump: "We ended up with 51 votes, 51 to...whatever. I don't know what it is."

Sweetie, let me help you out.  We only have 100 senators. 
He doesn't read & can't do math. Now that's a savvy business man. Lol! 
Breaking GOP needs 60 votes to Repeal & Replace Obamacare.....deplorable!
Trump
Just arrived in Youngstown, Ohio with @FLOTUS Melania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://instagram.com/p/BW_FcdAgYPS/  https://t.co ...

And to think our hard earned tax dollars pays for this Bullshit!!
You're doing Great, President Trump!!!!!
While he fleeces you!! You are not that bright are you??
On behalf of the Trump cult, we is very smart, and our mamas says we not stupid, we is just more special.Me daddy is also me cousin
Plz, wKe up. Trump is really looking out for us! Stop the garbage.
What, exactly...is he 'winning'?
What did the last president do?
Apologies to the folks in Youngstown Ohio for having to put up with our loser in chief. @FLOTUS blink twice if you want out!

Was he able to see his limo at the bottom of the steps this time?
@POTUS Let's be honest, America has NEVER been great... history teaches us this!!! (cont) http://tl.gd/no19km 
Is R Mueller secretly investigating HRC to obtain pardoning from @realDonaldTrump for his own corrupt dealings such as the 9/11 coverup?
Yep
The FakeNews media hates it when you give rallies, because it destroys their (false) narrative that everyone hates you.

#MAGA
They don't claim that EVERYONE hates him - just that MOST do, and his rallies more than support that!
And yet he's President. LOL
For how much longer is the question.

Yeah that's never happening.
Like Trump wouldn't be President!!!! Lol, we shall see
Yep, they need to accept that Trump is President & the economy is doing well because investors & businesses believe in his economic policies
Go away. Ohio doesn't need you. And delete your account.
Oh yes it does!
Keep drinking the kool-aid. I'm sure it'll sweeten the bitter taste of disappointment when this administration lets you down. And it will.
Hard to pick most inappropriate/bizarre stmts from Boy Scout Trump Youth Rally. My list is different.

http://www.cnn.com/2017/07/25/politics/donald-trump-boy-scouts-speech/index.html …
#NoTrumpYouth

Btw the camera adds 10lbs and you're already #Bigly enough maybe pass on the second scoop once in a while
#theResistance
hello!  Please tell me the companies that are back with your jobs so i can give him credit?
#worstpresidentever
Blocking stupidity
 Here are  7 things YOU can do  RIGHT NOW to #Resist the #Trump agenda and set the stage for #ImpeachTrump:
President Donald Trump, keep up the good work!!!!
BREAKING NEWS: Inside The Mind of A Trump Voter 
3 #Trump loving archetypes. (Can u spot the bot?)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-8YX66eyw4 …
#TrumpRussia
Wouldn't bother watching, what's your archetype ?
Did you get in the car correctly this time?
LOL, you write @FLOTUS "Melania" not to be confused w/@FLOTUS Ivanka. Melania's not working on ANY CAUSE & is just wasting Taxpayer dollars!
Who cares?
She could not escape?  She hates you. Try and hold her hand. She vomits in her mouth looking at your repulsive being.


DUMP TRUMP DUMP TRUMP DUMP TRUMP
Donald Great Images You Created about America
Give m hell President Trump let everyone know that your doing your job and now it's up to the rest of the house and Senate to do there's.
Poor Youngstown - everyone evacuate now
We waste our money on this 
Ok, try to get home early.
Youngstown hates you. You've lied to them over and over. You're a fraud.
Winning! President Trump, You are doing great. People love you. Give' everyone great HC, President Trump.
Enjoy your stay. Thank you from a grateful native Buckeye! Keep up the good work! Tell theFLOTUS hello!
She is a perfect first lady
God bless you and your family President Trump.  America would very much love and hope to see your face carved into Mount Rushmore.
Mr. President, your handling of that stationary escalator was truly presidential! #twentystepsaday
You look terrified walking down all those steps.
How bout make America think again
You and malaria are gross.  You're both an embarrassment.  Your fake tan and her plastic face are absolutely revolting.
keep up the good work
Resignation speech??? 
Where so many stood at jackbooted attention and shouted "SEIG HEIL!" and (more then likely) applauded at gunpoint.
I knew I felt a shiver of evil
Will you be playing your greatest hits or the crap off your new album?
I just love you Melania
Love @realDonaldTrump support him
I love Melanie's dress. Beautiful!!
Beautiful family!
Hey there, @FLOTUS!  How's your antibullying thing going?
gotta get a fix do ya? Like a junkie the narcissists need for attention @FLOTUS
SEE WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU DONT HAVE AN EDUCATION 
no she didn't .... no wonder she's with trump she as much of an idiot as he is...
Hand power over to pence. You're an embarrassment. You're made for reality TV only. Everybody loves a train wreck. Not presidential! Lol
I see you died your hair and got spray tan for your big rally! Melania looks good!
Lying don you are wasting our tax dollars on your useless trips.
Where was the record breaking crowds
Did you have to tell us FLOTUS was Melania in case we didn't know or to remind yourself in case you'd forgotten since she's never with you.
Get off of my plane
my plane
Why do continue to hold these stupid campaign like rallies? Is the only to get your HUGE FRAGILE ego stroked, by your ridiculous supporters?
@FLOTUS how much do you get paid to stay with him?
How much do you have to pay Melania to get her to stay in the same room as you are, even for a few minutes?

Planned Parenthood To Toddlers: ‘Some Girls Have Penises’ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6oYrwcA8KdA … 
Where's the caddy?
Go get 'em Prez! You tell that crowd they should vote for you in 2016 and how anybody that disagrees with you is your and their enemy.
why do you look like you need chapstick?
Please go back home! We don't want you in Ohio!
Awesome Rally! #MAGA
Dad be careful.
I don't think he knows what that is. Lmao
She's still not holding your hand, huh? Sad!
Rescind deportation order for Rev Noe Carias, husband, father, and minister of Gospel. Carias is not a criminal. Carias is upright person!
She's not first lady.  She's a fucking soft core porn star  that you're just renting.     She's going to leave you
Get the hell out and America will be great. You just bring us all down.
Did anyone tell you that General Motors in Lordstown permanently shut down their 3rd shift? #MAGA  Your word means shit!
Did she hold your itty-bitty hand in redneck country?
#EvilEvilMan
- youngstown hates you.
It sounds to me like they loved him a lot
- no they didn't.
Where is GM's third shift? You chased them away.b
There is not a president in the world would have talked to the Boy Scout the way you did. You are insane
Poor fucker has lost his car again

I wonder if he knew he shook hands with a transgender person. Will they be fired?
دا انت فاضي بقا
Now Ohio needs to get deloused!
#NeverTrump #Resist #trumpMustGo
メラニアさん、いつ見ても素敵です～♪
Don't trip over that nut, John Kasich.
Psycho is in town! Lucky Ohio.
I upheld my oath to the UCMJ domestically. My name is Chris Orr and I am bad co. Sir.  I would like to recommend him for the Cmoh.
There he goes clapping on the tarmac like he'd cheering his Rally crowd on!
why do you continue to campaign instead of doing your job?  Stop feeding your ego and do some actual work.
Well hello Mr. President. I was pretty sure you were going to fall down those stairs. Your knees don't look too stable. Kinda shaky.
No one likes you.
People said it wasn't that big.  Not fake news.  People with  cell phones
.Thundercats street art blue bottle, health goth art party bitters vice lyft humblebrag. Hashtag.
Go Away
Thank U Pres.Trump for the wonderful speech you gave in my state tonight I enjoyed watching it #Fox News. Thank you for keeping us informed!
Having Mr. @realDonaldTrump as our @POTUS just make me feel good. Thank GOD he sent us @realDonaldTrump . Take care of him and support him.
The rest of the world is still curious why someone @POTUS requires 2 twitter accounts (1 with dignity, 1 #DribblingShit)
How much did that wholly unnecessary trip cost our country?

You are doing a great job . Just do not forget the men and women who work in the gas and oil fields. They have the most dangerous job
Dear Americans do not believe the lies of false flags committed on American soils - whilst traumatised the people are swayed by the media to
Support a war with whomever they label the villain- Gaddafi Saddam and the latest is nth Korea leader
A million people died genocide from the lies of 911 and lies of wmd- never again America
Safe travels
Great speech to the Scots at the national boy scout jamboree! I know when I went to the National Jamboree in 73 , no president, Danny Thomas
