
You've been pushing this fake news thing since day 1 (crowd size) so you're followers will believe you. The only thing fake is you
The only lies coming from the wh are coming from u show us ur environmental awards
Remember that time that someone leaked intel on the terrorists that bombed Manchester? And then it turned out to be true? Not #fakenews
if they are lies then it can't be a leak and you would be worried about it.
Agree 100%
I disagree with that.l think it is much more after you.
They are lies when they expose your administration.
Your like the salmon that swim up stream against all the resistance, we Know you will do good in spite of the negative losers ....God bless
The fake news media is nothing more than a globalist propaganda outlet.
Let's get the leakers. Undermining your Presidency. Undermining America. No excuse for this stupidity.
we know its fabrications to get you.
#supportonemedia
Like that time the #FakeNews said they had all these sources with proof that you weren't born in this country.
Or that time the #FakeNews said you were being 'wiretapped' without offering any proof.
But if it's fake news then it's not a leak.
more proof you have no business in your current position. #fakepresident
Including the FBI? Or the #fakefbi..how about the CIA or the #fakecia.
Nope
How many gave their lives to protect the USA from adversaries? Yet you rig a backchannel to the Kremlin?
Nice to see your dementia has calmed down. SAD!
You are a hundred percent right I would find the person who is doing this
Your opinion is fake news. Kushner is a felon. That's real.
I hope all of you whiny snowflakes Will work on issues and stop attacking @realDonaldTrump or all your lies will be called! @Watchman4the1
This is the dirtiest white house in history. I mean it's no longer white. Let's call it the "light Greyhouse". #TrumpLeaks #Resistance
The leaks are coming from inside the WH. Even your own administration can't stand you. They can see that you are a fraudulent corrupt liar
We don't allow fake news on our tv!
Correction: the leaks are truth. What you tell the media are lies.
that's, like, your opinion man.
It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the #FakeNews media...
Please wake up!  It's the Dems that receive classified briefings that leak info to press!  That and the news makes up crap too!
So the Manchester bomb fragment pics that you leaked are lies? Was the murder of 22 people fake news?
Where are these liberals getting these lies that they are spewing?? What is wrong with people?
ok, so I'm confused... how can they be leaks and lies at the same time?  Oh Donnie you need a nap.
We want the truth, not your opinion
It's only fake news if you don't like it! You're a pathetic embarrassment to our county. Try acting presidential to ALL people. So VERY SAD!

Oh Donny Donny Donny
The leaks are real, MSM news is real. Trump and his cabinet are corrupt criminals who must be removed to save our republic and alliances.
Meanwhile, you've cost taxpayers $37,660,946.76 to support your fancy lifestyle. http://trumptax.me 
If any idea how much the Obamas cost taxpayers. This man takes no salary get an education
Trump spends farrrrrrr more on weekends, vacations etc. than Obama did.
The  is going to outspend President Obama's 8 years of travel in one year
But hey, he isn't taking a salary. 
Donate it to the Trump foundation he siphons from ?
More Lies spread by someone who does not care about America! Tax Reform Infastructure Insurance & defund Planned Parenthood !Real Platforms

Hah... really, the socialist party? You're about as useful as instructions written in Chinese for a car made in India.
If it is a fabricated lie, how can it be a leak coming out of the White House?
It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the #FakeNews media.
Here are your other opinions
Climate change is a hoax by Chinese
Obama not born in America
Your inaugural crowd biggest
Ur win most historic
More 'opinions'
3-5 M illegals voted for Hillary
You're the most unfairly treated Prez in history
Obama wiretapped your phones
You say leaks are bad and that leakers should be punished but now you say they're lies. So much clarity in thought.
Kushner? Leaks? Lies? Just connect the dots Potus and you will see it runs in the family.

Yeah, great text. Obama put Jared close to Donny so he could spy, lie and leak.
Obama must be the greatest mastermind of All Time. Singlehandedly running the greatest infiltration in history while hang gliding on vaca
Obama was the waiting puppet dictator in chief!? The plan lies with #Soros  #DNC Stands for criminality lies & deceit! #CNN #MSNBC #FOXNews
Mr. President the list of potential White House leakers that you ordered is finished. Access to each info, piece by piece, clearly laid out.
On page 13 there is a tally of how many pieces of leaked info were accessible to each individual. You'll see the person at the top is Jared.
Unfortunately we were unable to establish any meaningful correlation to the leaks and the individuals you've pre-selected for termination.
To be diligent we went a step further and plotted leaks over time. You'll see that on pg 24. We overlay that with times you were...unhappy.
Our conclusions, Mr. President, are that the leaks are not associated with Mr. Obama, they stem from disgruntled staff.
Can't wait to see what is leaked to NYT and WaPo next week!  45 and Jared are going down.
Dont count on it when @HouseGOP @SenateGOP have final decision on removal UNLESS we can change this in 2018 in spite of gerrymandering
Exactly. It's becoming apparent that nothing "illegal" will remove the President - that power lies with a compromised complicit congress.
It is my opinion that you're an ignornat, lying, racist tyrant hell-bent on destroying the media becuause they tell the truth.
Occam's razor. Either everyone in the world is lying and you're telling the truth or you're lying and everyone else is telling the truth.
And considering the fact that you are PROVABLY the biggest liar in modern American politics, I'm thinking it's you.
No. Idiocy is the biggest threat to America, and you're an idiot.
No Kelly scaletta you are the idiot if you really think there will be an impeachment with no proof of any wrong doing. Good luck with that
The White House is the source. You are fake news.

CNN Was caught on video creating fake news.  Please find and retweet. This needs to get out there!
Dear #PresidentSnowflake 
You know what you need in order to fix the leaks?PLUMBERS!  Hey...it worked for Nixon!
You are in charge of the White House but don't hold yourself accountable.  Quit acting like a selfish child.
YOU are the leak because you are unable to keep your big mouth shut trying to showoff at how much you "know". #TinyHands big mouth. #LOSER
@Mandari25733571 Behind every lie there is some truth. You house wouldn't be leaking if it was in order.
Seems you got that phrase from Putin during the Primary.  You keep telling on yourself.
Please don't trust those around you. Some are there to bring you down. Ex dem here.
EXACLY 

#Maga @realDonaldTrump 
61 million of us understand 
Stay The Course #BuildTheWall #Defund #Deport 
Fake
#getsomerealadvisors then... if u don't know, maybe?  Ur d pres, son?
Fake news
@realDonaldTrump could never come close to spending even a fraction of the amount that Obummer gave to enemies of our country so many times
We'll see.
-If they're leaks from the WH, how could the news media, fake or not, make them up? Do they have ESP?
Wrong.  So far most have been proven to be true.
How can they be leaks from the Whitehouse and lies from the media at the same time?
actually they are coming from actual patriots in the WH not posers like you
Ya gotta do better than that, lol,lol
Fake presidents always see enemies everywhere they go. Real ones address the media without fear, they know it keeps democracy healthy.
More likely patriotic Americans.
THEN THEY SHOULDN'T BE CALLED "LEAKS", THERE SHOULD BE LEGAL CONSEQUENCES FOR THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA. IT'S A LONG TIME COMMING!
I thought that the leaks were made up by fake MSM for awhile Especially when chicken Comey was scared of President Trump and hid in curtain
Are they leaks or are they fake? Make up your mind you orange bloated pile of #ITMFA #FakePOTUS
The only thing fake is you and your family! Give it a rest! The majority of Americans are smarter than you! Go back to the Middle East!

YOU are truly dumb! And you know it, huh? How can leaks coming out of YOUR own administration be wrong? PLEASE enlighten us!
This is getting old, Donald. Too many lies not to have truth ring through.
Please, please, please master commas, periods & semicolons. This tweet makes the skin crawl on any proficient user of the English language.
If all leaks from YOUR admin are fake news, why bother commenting on it? Oh wait, you are trying to convince the public of these lies right?
Honestly,  the news media doesn't lie.  Only Fox News makes up news.  The biggest #Fake News is Mr. Trump, who lies about too much.
They can't be both "leaks" AND "fake news"... Wtf? Do all of your supporters totally lack logical & critical thinking skills?
How the hell do you have so much time to tweet? Don't you have a job? 
I know 12 year old girls who use social media less wtf??!
The leaks are not fabricated-they are coming. From your own staff
It's your Whitehouse and your peole leaking. Seems they don't like you either.
But Donnie, they've all been true
Wait.... So you're not in control of your staff's relationship with the press? Seems they would want to work with you to #MAGA
In that case they would be "so-called" leaks. If actual leak is accurately reported that's called a free press, whatever content of the leak
So a LIE may also be a LEAK? Multitasking...
it is my opinion that there are too many holdovers from the previous administration that are rabid followers of the Left.
tell them ur fired
the leaks are an inside job.
none of them are your hires!
tell them your fired!!@
your opinion stinks 
You've created a Toxic Work environment in the White House where your Cabinet bickers at each other while you eat your Belgian Truffles.
They aren't fake... the leaks are happening because you are dangerous!!!! People don't trust you, you are not leading but destroying!!
BaaaaaaHaaaaaaaaaa.....lol
When nothing is true, anything is possible. #asshat
The leaks reveal the truth in the White House. Must find and destroy! #TrumpTweetTranslationSystem
No doubt some will be but the White House / CIA leaked the Manchester bombing to NYT, it wasn't fake so why assume other leaks are
HOW THE FUCK IS IT FAKE NEWS IF ITS A LEAK!!!!!!!!!
Except for the fact that you have already publicly admitted that the leaks are factually accurate. Is the media clairvoyant now?
Time for a canary trap.
Absolutely!!
Funny coming from a loudmouth loutish liar like yourself
No, people in your administration just want the truth to get out while you tweet lies.
You wish.
Lol. Your own people are leaking.  Haven't you figured that out?

In case you're not sure what he means by #fakeNews - and other gems...
So, reinstate the "Fairness Doctrine." (Have some smart person explain it to you.)
Then how are they coming out of the White House? Do you keep the "fake news" media in house? Actually I think you do, it's you!! 
You're presidency was brought about by numerous fabricated lies. #45Scum
ya... FAKE NEWS.  ROTFALMFAO!!  Orange is the new stupid.
@Outlookindia
बिकाऊ मीडिया के दुष्कृत्यों व बेईमानी की वजह से निर्दोष Asaram Bapu Ji आज जेल में हैं।
#JailedWithoutProof
Or your loose lips sinking the ship that is you're presidency.
What other lies are there other than fabricated? Your statements, I guess.
Seriously mate
yes, anything that is a cya for them, they benefit..
Go fucking DIE you orange piece of amphibian shit.
http://mobile.wnd.com/2011/06/306953/  CRIMINAL COMPLAINT DETAILS BIRTH-CERTIFICATE 'FORGERY'
If leaks are COMING OUT OF THE WHITE HOUSE, how can they be lies from "Fake Media" ? Unless YOU are the fake media.
It's obvious Trump can dish out the tweets but doesn't read the responses because HE is not interested in America's responses. 99% hate you.
Probably it does not even exist.
crazy that's what Nixon said too before his resignation. 
More than just "Fake News", when a group has such a large following. I think the childish way a story is spread is more a security problem
Lies! Lies, I tell you!  I demand the CIA and FBI find the traitors responsible for revealing these untruths to the media!
Of course President Trump that is all they are capable of.doing.
You figured it out.
Then explain all the details leaked from Manchester or is that fake news too - OMD how on earth did you get to be president bottomfeeder
Sources?
You're the boy who cried "Wolf" with your "fake news" claims. Nobody really believes you. What a sad LOSER.
Here's some #fakenews for you: your hair is real.
I believe you are right
it's the Democratic snowflakes
Here's a tip 
Wow. @JoeNBC says Steve Bannon bragged about having damaging info about Kushner days before Kushner meeting w/ Gorkov leaked to the NYT.
You are now quite clearly insane.
You must be joking
I agree. I don't trust the media. It's all about ratings. They get limited info and they fill in the blanks.
They are getting closer....
it's Wikileaks's you remember how much YOU LOVE WIKILEAKS !!!
Trump foundation. All would be more than 140 characters! Those that do not learn from history will repeat it. Santayana
No one cares what your opinion is, run along and commit more treason, we will be here waiting at the gallows for you
Bullshit. Then why do you keep saying you're looking for the "leakers" ?!? You should be searching for the "liars"! You liar.
Thought leaks came from Obama staffers you fired, guess not!. I think you're the leaker wanting to see how much you can get away with.
*your
