The only thing people got was that you're in sane
And boom!!!
You made a clear case for the 25th amendment last night.
Last night the President saluted a racist sheriff who is a convicted criminal and then trashed a war hero who has brain cancer.
Disgrace to America

@BarackObama  you Need Come back the world  call ur Name 
#ObamaTheWorldCallYourName
Except you purposely omitted the parts where you gave cover to white supremacists.
What? You didn't think the media would be smart enough to run your initial statement next to the one you said last night?
Meanwhile, you remain as predictable as ever.
The rant at the media is no doubt coming tmrw, but other than state-endorsed propaganda on @FoxNews et al, the consensus is you're insane.
No one close to you -- your staff, your family -- can possibly think last night went well. Don't blame free press for airing your words.
Meanwhile, its almost 10 am and you're just tweeting, but you frequently claim you're always working and so busy? Why the incongruity?
Last night you paid attendees left early...
$10 a hour? Trump is cheap
wowzerz I love her
Strong & Brave woman to post this. Haters don't like the truth! Lying Media for political reasons has helped cause hate in America.
People got that you purposefully omitted the despicable "many sides" part.
Trump also omitted the part where any other President giving a speech would've honored the 10 dead soldiers.
Trump is the only person who could turn an innocent woman being murdered at a Nazi march into a situation where he is the victim.
That was the ultimate snowflake speech last night. It was embarrassing to watch the world's supposed most powerful man whine for 90 minutes.
Trump had the nerve to diss McCain -- a war hero w/ cancer who's in his own party -- as his supporters yelled he should die outside. Sick!
The only people or things Trump really complimented in his bitchfest were Fox News & Kim Jong-Un. That says a lot about both him and them.
Republicans need to finally stand up, help us remove this ill and petty person from the office he has proven neither qualified nor fit for.
Since you expose hypocrisy, how many days during Obama's term were you harassed for voting for Obama? Daily? Hourly? Every second? Go away.
Psalm 33:12
Blessed is the #nation whose #God is the #Lord, The #people He has #chosen as His own #inheritance.
Rigged #MSM is cashing #Bigly  #FakeNews
Thank you President Trump for keeping all of us American families safe! #AmericaFirst #OneNationUnderGOD 1 Timothy 2:1-3;
Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord, The people He has chosen as His own inheritance. (Psalm 33:12)
#GOD protect our #Nation  #RedeemerLives #OneNationUnderGOD
#Jesus is our #Lord  #JesusSaves #OneNationUnderGOD
1 Timothy 2:5
For there is one #God and one Mediator between #God and #men, the Man #ChristJesus,
Is this a parody account? I don't understand!
Nope not a parody. This is the failure that couldn't even unseat Paul Ryan. Now he's busy brown nosing Trump, hoping senpai notices him.
Ah. Not a parody. Still a joke. 
I think you know you are deeply unfit for this job. I think you know you're failing at it.
I think u figure if u can wall off your core by delegitimizing press, cheers will continue & u can keep convincing urself that you're adored
I get why this is all that matters to u. I've been front row to a narcissist. All that matters is feeding your endless neediness
The moment someone tells you you're flawed, you burn them down. People only matter to you as enemies to hate or feeders of your boundless id
You tell your followers you love them. They don't know the only reason you tell them that is as a tool to make sure they keep loving you
I think in quietest moments u are wracked w/fear that u are laughed at & failing. Both true. So u double/triple/etc down to block it out
I pray for peace for u. Failing that, my hope is that u decide that best way to protect ur ego is to reject us, go back to ur golden palace.
You also screeched about how "our heritage" is being erased. Dude, YOU'RE FROM QUEENS!
You also implied you'll pardon Arpaio but not now because it'll be politically inconvenient. Dude, YOU'RE A WALKING POLITICAL INCONVENIENCE!
Of course your screeching hordes will "get" whatever it is you're screeching about. They're as effing deluded as you are
You also didn't read what you ACTUALLY said about Charlottesville violence: "both sides" and "good people". The parts that upset people...
He forgot to add the word.."edited". Does he forget this was on LIVE TV and that he tweeted it out in his own words.
It's true. He read the parts that got less coverage. He  just left out the parts where he blamed "both sides"
And the part where he talked about "very fine people" who marched with nazis and klansmen
He also downplayed the fact that it took him ages to address the violence, or to even say the name of the victim
This is like saying the flight of the Hindenburg wasn't covered properly, and then recounting everything about the flight, except the crash
But hey... he can condemn our own intelligence agencies.
