Obama was a globalist puppet and a figure head.  Trump is an actual leader.
What has he led?  The Generals do everything.  All Trump does is golf.
I think you're confusing the MSM narrative of Trump with the reality of Obama.  Stop watching fake news and think for yourself.
I do think for myself.  I believe the Trumpsters are under some kind of spell.
Like I said before, if 48 per cent voted O Bama , there is no cure for stupid.
Obama was a better President...for Communists, Muslim Brotherhood, Cop killers, and terrorists.
Hahaha. #fakepoll #statisticallyinsignificant
#YourPropogandaGameIsWeak #thewholeworldislaughing #whyarentyoudonepacking
That's like asking would a person rather be shot, or stabbed. Up your game!
WIlliam Le Gate spends his whole day flipping Trump-leaing Twitter polls. LMFAO
Hahahahahaha...
Didn't you dare to retweet it, until the poll was finished? I bet about 70% of your followers would've voted "Obama"
In terms of accuracy, this is right up there with one of those "Who wore it better?" polls.
why just a wall let's build an empire #Trumptrain #BuildThatWall 554

President Putin
really you need to ask OBAMA IS THE WORST PRESIDENT WE EVER EVER HAD. AND I WISH HE WOULD JUST GO AWAY.
Check out @StockMonsterUSA's Tweet:
BADAH BING !! President Donald Trump bare knuckle punches MSM/CNN & the liberal Daisies!! "My Comments on North Korea Weren't Tuff Enough!!" 
45 is getting desperate.  He needs to look good for his own ego. LMAO
Add two more bras we didn't get to vote
Bull shit propaganda!

President Obama is a better man, better husband, better father, better leader, better Christian & better president than donald will ever be!
Obama was the worst President in AMERICAN history!! Fact!! Destroying AMERICA EVERYDAY in  everything he did!! GO TRUMP!! #TRUMPARMY!!
no he wasn't
Hey, you finally won one!
#जीने_की_राह 
kabir is suprem god that creates the universe only in six days and seventh day take rest
secret 
http://jagatgururampaji.org 
you realize this is a highly biased twitter account that is followed 80% by trump voters? lmao
a poll on a twitter account of a self proclaimed neo-nazi with the question "was hitler a good guy?" would be 65% yes as well.
we (germans) think of trump as a self-loving, naive, psychopathic clown, with an below avg. IQ who makes the rich even richer.
1/2 oh btw, republican presidents and us military/economy politics led to every war in the middle east in the past 20 years, so you are most
responsible for refugees fleeing to europe. +thousands try to swim from africa to europe, should we let them drown?

Silly poll, given that only Obama was elected legitimately! 
Who's that first guy they mentioned? That Russian candidate? #HappyObamaDay
 I can always count on you for the perfect retort!
So nice! Thank you! I guess if nothing else this trump hell time has sharpened our senses of humor!
Indeed!
He has accomplished more in 6 months than Nobama has in his entire political career! #GoTrump #TrumpsArmy #GodBlessAmerica!
What has he accomplished? (Making democrats mad doesn't count, btw)

Hahahaha just looked even more closely "won 4 out of 4 special election wins." Those aren't trump accomplishments hahahahhaha
I wish I had your confidence in such a shitty person that I'd attribute wins in random states to him. Y'all embarrassing
Julie Hating trump will get you nowhere. I didn't care for Obama but tried to support him cuz I love America. What good are you doing anyway
Sorry, trying to support democracy. I would support a president who isn't full of shut and lies 75% of the time. (That stat is made up.)
This is a right-leaning Twitter acct. If u ever tweeted anything from a reputable source, THAT would b newsworthy. So desperate/weak. #Trump
You know it's not only that u seek to best Obama all the time (which is sad in & of itself), but you do so at ALL COST, devoid of ethics.
You've been involved in fraud, cheating, conning, & lying your whole life, why would ppl think you'd change now? #Trump
If the truth isn't on your side, you just make up your own alternate facts (like #FoxNews). Nothing would make u happier than State-TV.
Ha these polls like the election polls are(A)actually CNN,s not foxes(ie a lie) and(B)you are clearly in denial of the fact she was dirty

Also.....bot.
He whooped her ass deal with it
Honorable President Donald Trump all the way
There's nothing honorable about representing only half of the entire nation you're supposed to be leading while demoralizing the other half.
Ever heard of it it's called respect for the president of the United States no matter what
No dear. It's respect for the office of the Presidency - not necessarily respect for the man occupying that position.
Well then I guess I have respect for both. I am proud to be an American
I too am proud to be an American. However, respect must be earned and DJT hasn't shown any behavior to warrant respect.
Opinions will be opinions
And I believe that your blind obedience to DJT is utterly stupid and dangerous. And you're entitled to be that way.
this is a trick question.
Poor Donald trump supporters... but why I'm not surprise they think that the earth is flat.
BEWARE:  This poll is fake news!
Nah that's trump who does that
When did she say fake news/discredit the media
examples?
You're such a child. Actually no wait my children are better behaved and more self assured than you will ever be. I take it back.
Had to explain to my boys (9,7,5) that behavior like Trump's is not allowed in our home.
As a widowed woman with kids, I could never support Trump.
If husband was still alive, (married woman w/kids) support for Trump would still be based on Trump's actions.
No, my husband wasn't conservative. 
Thank you, we shared almost a decade before he died.
Obama by 1000% there's no comparison. 
Your comparing a 10 year old to Albert Einstein. 
Trump will never fill his shoes.
Still a lot of idiots out there for the Donald
OBAMA
100% Obama; class, respectful, dignity, honest, moral, & decent. Trump= classless, disrespectful, indignant, deceitful, immoral, & hateful.
Obama was none of those things!! He was a direspful activist college professor!! The worst!! GO TRUMP!!#MAGA#TRUMPARMY!!
He wasn't even a college professor, he was just a lecturer.
Trump touts going to Whartons, but he never graduated. I think he just drove past it on the way to  the golf course.
You make fun of President Obama but dumpt  went golfing every weekend. He seems to think he has weekends off. No stamina... lol
He can do whatever the FUCK he wants! He's my President! Not yours! GO TRUMP!

Happy #ObamaDay. Not!! And Democrats this is the man you are crying over. I see why your party is the Biggest Loser. He failed Hugely! 
trump hasn't been a president yet. Moot point in this poll. When he starts acting presidential and governing--try it again.
Isaiah 49:25
But thus says the #Lord: “Even the #captives of the #mighty shall be taken away, And the [1/3]
You can't be a truly religious person & support someone whose "religious advisor" says GOD said it's ok for Trump to take out Kim Jung Un!
It's not even close. Obama in a land slide
NOPE !
Let's try this again. Who is the better president ?
I ACCIDENTALLY VOTED FOR TRUMP IM SO SORRY. I ASSUMED IT SAID "WORSE"
Julie, my hand was hovering and hit Trump by accident too.  I'm like seriously mad now!
Phew, not just me!!
Mr Trump  is a more hands-on who can potentially hit back at anything, MrObama was just a gentleman who preferred diplomacy, cup of tea type
I love a cup of justice in the morning

30 seconds looking at ProgressPolls home page told me it lacks integrity. You are kidding your followers, but not the rest of the world.
Trump of coarse ...
Was the poll conducted in Russia?
Trump rocks!
Rofl what a LOSER sharing fake polls cos he is so insecure. Your the shittest president EVER. Everyone knows it rofl

Wait trump retweeted this????? Is he in middle school??? Who do you think is prettier Alice or Suzie??? Please vote.
Check the facts instead of jumping on bandwagons, this was already proven fake
Lies
It's not a Brietbart poll?
OH NO! THE HONEYMOON IS OVER! TRUMP HATES BANNON!
Is it because he sucks himself? Do contortionists scare you? 
at this point in Obama's presidency he had gotten the economic stimulus which saved the economy from going over the cliff...who did the poll
President Trump is the best president ever!
Well damn.
OMG this is hilarious another fact poll to stroke an ego.
Fake ass bot pills Trump will always win on Twitter when half his followers are bots
LMFAO you really should stop paying for these fake polls.  You are CLEARLY the WORST IMPOTUS this country has EVER SEEN.
No way

Lol. Out of 25k votes. Gimme a break
This isn’t conducted only in Alabama, it’s nationwide.
What a joke
They spelled "worse" wrong
RT @ProgressPolls: Who is a better President of the United States? #ObamaDay...
FAKE NEWS!!!!!
Why are you so obsessed with Obama?
Dumbest poll ever.
#fakenews
LOL that's a joke
absolutely
I never saw this one when voting was open !
President Obama
My PRESIDENT TRUMP        
Donald  Trump
#nobama
Doesn't matter at this point in the game..quit squirting around and do something for the american people...
It isnt even a question when the answer is so obvious! The 45th @POTUS is the best #President this nation has seen in many decades, bar none

All democrats are on air
Who did you poll? Trumps family? I know 1 person out of my large circle of family and friends that likes that idiot over Obama. U r crazy!
Hilarious! 
is this some kind of terrible joke?
if TRUMP is TWICE as GOOD as OBAMA...,,(August 4, 2017; 15:42 EDT) #FOXnewsUS #FAIL
That's the biggest load of shit I have seen
This must be your own personal RIGGED poll 'cause I know Obama gets a better turnout, everytime, everywhere.  Can't fool me. LIE to yourself
Neither he nor in past
So this is definitely made up because there's no where to vote.
Talk about fake news!  Lying Trump at it again!
@realDonaldTrump oh and since you listen to this account, check out that bottom poll too.
what a load of propoganda crap!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It is so fucking obvious it is funny
Trump

@realDonaldTrump who voted? Russia? Was it you? You damn rascals

It is so very sad, that you contantly need reassurance of how great you are.  You have a severe mental illness. quit obbsessing about Obama
 

I'd rather President Obama
FAKE TWEET #SAD!
This is so fucking wrong i think...
Poll meant fatter not better... yes Mr. President you're WAY fatter poll is right
....righttttt...
@realDonaldTrump Fake poll
Faux news
Ohmahgawd bwahahahahahaha  
Puhleeeeeeeeze
No! Oh no! ElOhEL No.
Fake News!
This must be fake news
Wow Trump retweeted this  It must hurt his racist small heart he's standing in the Huge shadow of a Great Black Pres #NoCompetition
Dare you to try this poll again.
I vote trump.. he is different, he is one eligibility guy with you to face worst American economic crisis that shake whole world.
Another unscientific widget pollster. Of course w/your impaired mental status, you will believe anything that suits your purpose. PATHETIC
All this proves is more racist Republicans then intelligent Americans responded to your poll!!
Trump!
President Obama
Obama
Jajaja!
President obama

Por supuesto Trump es el mejor presidente, quiere a su pais, Dios lo bendiga. DIOS BENDIGA A LOS ESTADOS UNIDOS DE AMÉRICA
Bullshit poll!
Maybe now Obama will disappear into the background and retire to his island in hawaii.......
Not sure 28,589 is a clear cut for what the majority of Americans think. Some random twitter account.
Trump
More fake news...how many of the 61% are russians?? #Putinspuppet
when are you going to start acting like the president of the united states? #NotMyPresident
He is your president
@realDonaldTrump you are an embarrassing child
Fake poll!

OK, let's run the same poll as #ProgressPolls did.

Who's a better a President, @realDonaldTrump or @BarackObama?…
Nope.
Trump !!
Can't click on it.
Trump of course
Don't you ever get sick of complimenting yourself?
Bahahahahaha
39 percent Obama? These brain dead Zombies need theyre medicine they have already enough Koolade
#FakePoll
o_O
You know this shit only works on the poorly educated?
Abe Lincoln
#ObamaDay #Obama #Obama #Obama #Obama #Obama #Obama #Obama #Obama    #Obama #Obama #Obama #Obama #Obama  #Obama #Obama #Obama #Obama #Obama
Is there a neither option?
Great sense of humor
You can try to validate yourselves & your failing prez with these useless polls
Obama is loved and respected by the entire world
True leader

Obama all the way!
O B A M A wait what donald wins ok bye usa
Just lost all credibility.
That's MY President.  Donald J Trump...
That's got to be a lie.
Ahahahahahahahahahahaha!
@realDonaldTrump PATHETIC
Right.  Now who's talking #FakeNews...  Pathetic.
@realDonaldTrump so a trump-centric user- probably 85% are Trump supporters / other 15 spectators i'd expect better results .
FAKE FUCKING NEWS!!!!!!
lolololhahahah. who are you polling, who is taking the polls. ridiculous!
More alternative facts. #RESIGN
@KellyannePolls  told us you loved alternative facts!

Trump is so obsessed with out-doing our first black president. Trump will never be the great man and President that Barack Obama is. Period.
Obsess much? My preschooler took a poll like this on the playground turns out 52% think Batman could take down Superman #25thamendment
Lol.
The majority of followers for @ProgressPolls are Trump supporters. How stupid do you think we are?
FAKE POLLS!!  Quit feeding this idiot's bullshit
President Obama
@lemontreegaming
Polls are FAKE news.... "quoting" the present asshole-in-chief
#obanarocks #yousuck #youareafuckingmoron
Kreteni
TRUMP
Really, Donnie? You're SO severely insecure...stop WHINING and do your JOB, for crying out loud!!!
Proof that polls can be rigged.

