You speak the truth 4% of the time yet your supporters are hypnotized into believing you are the only source for it. Sad! @realDonaldTrump
his supporters seem truly brainwashed! Like they cant comprehend reality and have built a wall against it.
TRUMP!!! Yea!!!!!
sorry Trump but most of the people who support you can't afford L.L.Bean.
this is what I teach my children NOT to do on social media, maybe take a class on cyber bullying
um, @LBPerfectMaine has nothing to do with LL Bean. Did you not check the profile?
how much were you paid for this shoutout?
Yo! TWITLER! You do realize 63% now have a reason boycott this UNPRESIDENTED endorsement! Wee the People think you are a Con, Don!
#boycott
All these nah sayers will ALL be proven wrong I cant wait for them to eat crow....#TRUMP45
This guy is a joke. FAKE FILES? from a fake man.
this isn't even the right LL Bean twitter handle.
if they support you, sounds like a reason to quit shopping there to me
.@realDonaldTrump #trumptweet #analytical #happy #charming #scorn #1stgrade @LBPerfectMaine
ordering a shirt today
LL Bean makes great stuff here in America
Just ordered a $275 dollar coat but now will return it! Thanks for the heads up!
I WILL NOW BOYCOTT LL BEAN
who are you?   @realDonaldTrump
I need a new pair of boots, give me a free pair for having to read this tweet.
i love llbean. The best suitcases in the world! I need a backpack only buy L.L.Bean daughter used it 10 yrs
cool now let me tell you about a great health car plan
If PEOTUS Trump wants to thank someone he can. #libtards need to get a grip. Even though he's President Elect he still has freedom of speech
He dose have freedom of have freedom of speech but no brain to learn how to filter it. This is a hold my beer type of moron...It's sad
Thank you L.L.Bean for your great support. I order all you People to Buy L.L.Bean.  @LBPerfectMaine @realDonaldTrump 
*paid for by #LLBean
LLBean is a failing retailer, their clothes are garbage, SAD!
did everyone not watch #FoxAndFriends this morning? This is not an ad it's anti-bullying support. Great job thank you 
Aww, missed it gosh darn it
#grabyourwallet #notLLBean #llbean #SuperPAC #lindaBean
I like LLBean but my family and friends will stop buying from them since you endorse them. Sad!!!
why do u think it would be because of you?  Most people can't afford their clothes
Just bought my first pair of LL Bean boots!!!  Love them & love your Trump support! Thanks @LBPerfectMaine
Trump and LL Bean are perfect for each other: hypocrite phony patriots who manufacture abroad, sell in US.
.@realDonaldTrump @LBPerfectMaine tweeting about LL bean while you break your promise and take away health care coverage for millions?
seriously? you really think Trump is taking away coverage? Get your head out of the sand!
not this person - I just removed my name from their mailing list.  @KellyMillerJr1 @ScottNevins @LilPoundCake1
well that settles that. Done with LL Bean.
was going to order from them. NOT now
#ByeByeBean
If i had to give away a dollar for every dumb tweet you've sent out, I'd be in debt, very much like you I suppose.
I am now boycotting LLBean after 40 years of being a customer; canceling my credit card too.
"As not what your country can do for you, but how much you can save by shopping at Walmart!" --JFK
You're gonna need hashtag to get this going.
#presidentialpitchmen? Too long?
How about #presADential ? Or #PresidentSHILL ?
First one sounds like a president's dentist, but the second one is good!
yeah, I was worried about it seeming dental.
We don't want to get tooth jokes mixed in with the pee jokes. Too confusing.
Darn. I was just going to buy a comforter from L. l. Bean. Guess I will have to look elsewhere.
What a disappointment withLL Bean!  :-(  BTW, Wasn't Obama's farewell speech just WOW?! I'm going to miss him & his family.
I know. His speech was great. I cried when he and Malia were tearing up.
Me too.  I am SOOO Going to miss him as Pres.!
He still think he's on the Apprentice oh and here is all the congress members who killed child insurance for 2017
why one part Americans do not like the new president
Blame congress they did it 12:48am.. while everyone was sleeping... so shady.
.@realDonaldTrump Oh awesome, the incoming President of the United States is running ads for political supporters.
Poor L.L. Bean. Trump just turned the majority of Americans against you. Sad!
Like liberals hunt. LOL
No actual hunters wear that ridiculous apparel.
No ridiculous hunters wear that actual apparel
Actually, only die hard libtards will do anything about LLBean.
L.L. Bean is somewhat of a liberal yuppie stereotype.
now I'll NEVER buy from @LLBean again. #PresdentPeePeePants #GoldenShowerGate #GoldenShowers
The woman mentioned owns lobster place & is only 1 of 10 on board of LL. He wants you to boycott to hurt the 9 denouncing her.
Guess your Commander Urine Chief should be following directions.
Nice! Glad to see the govt work well for a change. Hate Trump, just didn't want him manipulating ppl so easily.
No more purchases from LlBean for me or my family. #FULLBean
Same here.  I have a cottage in Maine. It's an odd state politically. I can totally believe LLB one of the bad guys.
#ShitholePresident
I got a very nice cap and gloves from LL Bean as a Christmas present from my sister. I will treasure them even more now.
I will never buy L.L.Bean again. Boycott L.L.Bean
Libs just whine, piss and moan about every little thing possible.  So happy I am not miserable as they are.
I’m actually just the opposite, bye L.L Bean

Another fascists Drumpfster takes down a good company. Linda Bean should remember there r good people who will boycott.
Buy @LLBean.
Somehow missed this. LL Bean just lost another customer.
BAKED NEWS
I AM NEVER BUYING ANOTHER LL BEAN PRODUCT AGAIN NOR MY FAMILY. BOYCOTT THE BEAN
PATHETIC
President Trump They are laying a trap for you in that new Health care plan don't except it. Ryan is bad.
when ever I go to Boston  I'll venture up to LLBEAN..and buy ..never will I but anything  from Nordstrom
It's WASP clothes, for old people anyway. No great loss. Adios, L.L.
Put your money where your allegiance is. Buy LLBean, Buy true American!
IS THIS ILLEGAL OR JUST ONLY TRUMP CAN ENDORSE PRODUCTS
I'M RETURNING ANYTHING L.L.BEAN...SO SAD
no longer will I buy llbean.
Waaaaaahhh!
So unlike every other president...you only support the people who like you...not ALL AMERICANS.
Kind of like the one leaving. Support MLB but not our LEO's or Vet's.
L.L.? Are you sure you don't mean P.P.?

I can totally keep this up for four years.

#peepee
Its pronounced pepe #pepenotpeepee
Thank you, and what's funny I don't remember hearing so much BS when obama was getting money.
#boycottllbean #llbean
no we won't I am done with them, forever....
I will never ever buy any L.L. Bean product. 
Thanks. I will make sure I never shop at LLBean again.
actually no.
Oh wow! Trump has become the highest ranking CEO of a company called America!
Yes, we surely will.
Looks like we won't be purchasing any L.L. Bean. Thanks for letting us know what companies to avoid
GREAT we'll all boycott LL Bean
Trump, you hurt people when you do this. Stop it.
I have. I do. I will. 
Thanks for biggly heads up Donald! I'm now unsubscribing from their catalog and boycotting them.
u will boycott #llbean . Too bad, your products rock.
#RELEASEYOURTAXRETURNS  @realDonaldTrump @LBPerfectMaine
That's company number 2 I will not purchase anything from.
a president MUST NOT be an advertiser - shame on you !! #trump, the #llbean #president ??!! #impeachment
US OGE says, "All executive branch employees must refrain from misuse of position, including endorsements."
@mike_pence BTW: STOP W/BS PUNITIVE TRADE PUNISHMNT& CUT TAXES 1ST W/REPEAL/REPLACE ACAwhich IS aTAX BILL!!
Father from Maine; lived w/ him about 20 miles from their flagship store. We spent lots there-NEVER AGAIN.
ILLEGAL
Ironic that @realDonaldTrump, who promises to bring jobs back to the U.S, supports L.L. Bean when majority of their products are imported.
If it's mentioned about endorsements, remember the brands Obama made highly visible. Five Guys
Why "even more now"? 74,074,037 voted AGAINST you.
What the FUCK is this
Trump bring back values of Declaration of Independence & US Constitution:: self-sufficiency, independence & meritocracy
Never again.
I promote corps that support me. #TrainsRunOnTime when gov & corps work together!
This tweet is in violation of Executive Branch ethics laws you clueless fool. And I'll never buy @LLBean again. #notmypresident
I vow to never buy that overpriced crap.
Twitterbird, you can't plug companies after the swearing in. It's frowned upon. You might get #Impeached.
It's not courage to suck up.  Boycott LL BEAN
Mr. President Trump - you are exactly who AMERICA wants & needs! Thank you and God bless you!
Keep ID'ing businesses that I (& many others) will boycott. So helpful!
Sorry to see @LBPerfectMaine lose money, 'cause that's what The People will make happen!
I won't be supporting either of you. Trump = Boycotted.
Thanks for pointing out that LL Bean is a company I should not patronize.
Now that you've weighed in, Donald, I will certainly boycott L.L. Bean. #BoycottLLBean
Wasn't boycotting before but will now that #Trump endorsed. Keep breaking the law #TrumpsterFireElect #WhatConstitution
I and many other people will now boycott L L Bean.  They can thank you for the boycott.
LLB IMPORTED clothed abt 3-4 times more than Targets imported clothed. Nice view from ur Gold Gilded towers
I am boycotting LL Bean
LLBean unfortunate for its employees as business fail. Ivanka might sell thru LLBean. #boycottllbean
I'll never shop there again. Goodbye L.L.Bean.
I could use a new pair of boots.
stop doing infomercials for companies just because they said something nice about you! You're President for all!
Your violating ethical rules. Presidents don't do endorsements. Delete your account.
thanks for the heads up ... another company to stay away from!
I'd love to send you Plexus samples - Let me know. http://www.michelleexley.com  http://www.GetHealthyWithMichelle.com 
BOUCOT LLBEAN.
Instead of this cronyism with rewards for corporate reps that kiss the PEOTUS ring, how about helping all and pass the @FairTaxOfficial ?
Her family is repudiating her.
oh come on this cant be for real? if i donate to you will you tweet my brand too? private message me and let me know
This is an idiotic recommendation from Tweeter D.
L.L. Bean will suffer greatly because of this.   Know your audience Bean!
you've got to be kidding me.
now doing the opposite.
-  MISTAKES AFTER MISTAKES
US PRESIDENTS ARE NOT ALLOWED TO ENDORSE A BUSINESS.
guess that's another store of my list.....O Canada!
THEM DOWN AND HAVE ONLY ONCE HIRED A WHITE PERSON TO DO A JOB THROUGH A TEMP. AGENCY? CAN'T PLAY BOTH WAYS!
And now I will never buy anything again from L L Bean.
wow! your tweets are as tacky as your clothes
are you fucking kidding me
will not by any more LL Bean products.
Thank you I  will NO LONGER buy from @lbperfectMaine
#boycottLLBean
For believeing my FAKE news/campaign,BEE ESS/ LIES.
Nazi, Germany--1933---1945.
@AmericanWarrier I Do! Great Campany
Thanks for revealing where I'll never shop again. A trump endorsement = negative advertising.
hasn't it been found that 30k donation made exceeds the amount allowed, therefore making it illegal?
NOW I WILL NEVER BUY THIS BRAND
LLBean can thank U for this family's boycott.
So, if they support you, you promote them. If not, you condemn them. Is this crony capitalism? #think
, my family stands ready to support LL Bean. Thank You
acting like sheep hollywood can't think for themselves if walking off a cliff is popular they would do it
find American, buy American...
This is awesome! Your ridiculous brand hyping lets me know which brands NOT to buy-anyone endorsing YOU!
#unethical #conman #illegitimatePresident
Bean, beans... Hum, Oh yes! The two tiny things surrounding you little...  carrot. Isn't it?
Last time I will buy from them! Boycott!
Yes, thank you!
she heads a great company that only gets better
make it stop
Her cousin supported Obama. That didn't cause her cousin any strife. Lin supports you and the Beans jump.
Time to boycott LLBean; they have been outsourcing their products for many years, just like you.
love LL Bean
Obama can give out medals to half of Hollywood and Rockstars who boycott entire Red states. But no endorsing Mr. President!
YOU JUST DID HER IN, DUMDUM.
CORRUPTION AFTER CORRUPTION
Nope. Not gonna do it.
i
LL Bean - I will never buy anything from you again.  An endorsement from Trump is poisonous.
never will buy from LLBean. Hope business goes bankrupt. You can show her how it's done.
well, I'm never shopping at LLBean again if they supported you. Been a customer since 1983 but never again
#GrabYourWallet NO LLBEAN
I love her products! Good for her! All the Dems, I am sure, wear her clothes!
Canceled my account with LLBean after shopping there since 1980, after Linda Bean illegally gave you money
NEVER EVER WILL BE BUYING ANYTHING FROM THAT BRAND. #NEVERLLBEAN
#breakingthelaw
