We want you stay involved with the Paris agreement
I will make my final decision on the Paris Accord next week!...

You, do not have the right to destroy this planet for future generations!!!  If the last two weeks haven't made you wake up, what will?
Not legally a you can't. You'll just make up some BS to peddle to your followers but even they had had enough of you. The con is over donnie
Either we stay in and use Technology to go green, or you leave your Grandkids a World they cannot live or breathe in. Yeah, your family too
REAL, HONEST Scientists refuting Global warming, First 10 tweets 
https://twitter.com/bmartus5/status/901034368700825601 …
Second 27  Google+ posts
The woman in their politic.
Listen to the scientist that don't have financial conflicts of interest with fossil fuel industry
I wonder why people that say it doesn't exist because they don't see it in in their backyard, still believe in god?! #ClimateChangeIsReal
I don't want you
Okay 
Mr President let God lead in your decision taking.
U're biggest mistake after firing Comey, and being involved w/Putin/Russian/US Mobs, laundering money for all of them via Cypress bank.
My President, pull executive privilege  this will also stop him doing TV tours if he testifies he can do TV tours!
President Trump, you Certainly seam to be in office for personal agenda and Profit! You are Help Ivanka and Jared to the extreme!
You blame everybody, everything but you.
You are your own worst enemy! I voted for you. You haven't done anything
We told you, he can't. Everything he proposes is either impossible, immoral, or unconstitutional. #YouGotTrumped
Think about the future of the united states . Fighter (traro.... ) countries and people get out of the US .
Again, ur account has fake likes and retweets. You have no support, ur an illegitimate president who cheated to win and cheats at twitter.
Mr Trump sir, do you have any insight on the revalue of the Iraq Dinar?
before presidency - and even now: u change ur decisions as fast as used underpants

And you did the right thing again!!! God Bless you!
I trust your judgement. Pull out

The #maga #climatealliance: #syria, #Nicaragua & #USA (embarrassing).
You are predictable
you have carrot skin and your hair is a mop

I have no idea why I was blocked.. its good to be back supporting trump from the UK!!
Remember your promise to us about Jerusalem.
Well, for some reason no one can fathom, you made the wrong decision. Even Exxon thinks you're misguided. WHAT THE ACTUAL F are u thinking?
Hi trump!
Thank you Mr
 president. Don't let the press get to you
.keep up the good work
滚犊子
seriously you think you are smarter than hundreds and thousands of scientists. Wake up you are destroying the future
You do know this is real life, not a reality show right? We don't need cliffhanger and your rating are tanked.
Looks like you made the WRONG CHOICE!  Working for the fossil fuel industry, what else could we expect though?
X amount of people require X amount of trees to produce oxygen to breathe. U are swiftly driving my country AND my planet into the ditch.
I KNEW IT! You had every intention of pulling out of this! U dont believe in global warming! There will be no earth for future generations!
Thank you Mr. President for upholding your campaign PROMISE to withdraw from the job killing Paris Accord b*******!
which will make it easier to control the weak,  the poor. They'll die off.  The stronger ones will become slaves. You guys watch.  You'll C
If they would clean up after themselves we would have never needed the EPA. TRUMP is only pulling out so he can't poison the American people
This will put us back to the late 1800's,  early 1900's.  All that smog in the air and the things they dump into our waters.
Geez,  shop what if he pulls out?  The problem either way is that trump is dismantling regulations. Chemical regulations.
If you pull out you just give China the lead in the Greatest Climate Reform Industry ever and make USA biggest Economic loser!
Your decision to pull out of the Paris accord is very, very disappointing. #ActOnClimate Sad.
you should not be making any decitions you should be in jail
It will protect your golf courses
Do not back out of the accord!  Don't make a decision just to be bold. Listen to Ivanka.
Say NO
PLEASE SIGN IT GIVE US A REASON TO BE OK WITH U
Bye bye Paris Accord!!
Just say NO!
Poor little planet needs help!!Be a great example for the 3rd world nations!!
will support u which way u go . If u find its bad for us get out of dumb deal.
You can make America Great again by resigning m
Get US out if it!
Global warming is BULLSHIT a way to place an unfair scare tax on the people.
I did my research.  Paris equals real bad deal.  Please pull us out!
说的sa啥
please withdraw. Thank you
Do think long & hard; Mother Earth is watching. She's more powerful than any country. Stumble and she'll seek her vengeance.
Doesn't matter.  The next president will un-do all of your folly.
You are supposed to be the LEADER of the Free World. Please don't be an a hole and back out of the PCA. Our precious Earth needs us man.
Al Gore created the climate change hoax. The Arctic Ice was decimated by decades of icebreakers seeking the Northwest Passage. End of story.
Thinking about pulling out of the Paris Accord huh?
You know who should have pulled out...
Your dad.
Please Mr. President pullout of the climate change deal.
Get us out now! Then out of UN Small Arms Treaty.
This is the TV show re-key people in suspense. You are asorry old man and you should be ashamed of yourself for even considering pulling out
Waiting for Putin to give you instructions?
Donnie, you've decided to pull out.
Please say NO to Paris Accords. Your grassroots is depending on your campaign promise
Don't go along with it!
Pull out of that scam!!!
spend a night in a pediatric asthma ward first.
Get us out of all global deals we can not be manipulated if we don't play
You have to pull out man made climate change is bs, this is unconstitutional as well treaty's must be ratified by the senators pull out T
Let's drop out!!!
Please do your voters a favor and don't let them shove CC down our throats like the Libs did Ocare.We know we'll be the ones to suffer most.
Do not end USA's commitment 2 Paris accord. If U do, U'll help kill our planet. Listen 2 & beleve scientists! Do not do this!
We should get out of this con!
Please don't withdraw from the Paris Accord. The life of our planet Earth depends on the Accord, and on you to support it.
Please do not cave in!
Paris Accord was negotiated by representatives of 195 countries, a great success! America should be part of the solution, not the problem.
Paris Accord is the most important thing of your career, don't destroy your credibility any further.
Why the exclamation mark, #tangerineclown!
Mr President if you don't pull us out of this World Wide hoax you will Lose Your base.
What a spoiled brat you are.
Out! Out! Out!
You have no moral right.Your legacy will be just as your tenor as Trader in Chief.GET OUT OF THE PEOPLES HOUSE.
Please, Mr. Trump, next week you're going to tell everyone the world is FLAT.  Read a frigging book or report!!!!!
I'm sure you will do another stupid move. How's your waterfront property values when the sea is 3 meters higher?BIGLEY SAD
Pull America out of the climate deal.There isn't any scientific evidence of this climate change.Don't commit economic suicide.
@potus Please do NOT sign this total waste of time and resources!
Why lie? We know neither understand nor care about climate change unless it impacts your business of interests.
Please sir, stay with the Paris Accord.
Say no to Climate Treaty. Low-information people think it's about climate. Smart folks know it's about redistribution.
Behind you more than ever Mr. President.
Liar
Our gutless wonder keeps taking us down and down to the abyss of tyranny,
I WILL NOT SUPPORT YOU EVER AGAIN IF YOU THINK WE WANT ANYTHING 2 DO WITH OBAMA'S,, (BARRY'S) CARBON BS TAX ON USA!!
N I'M NOT KIDDING!!
Would you just suck a big fart
This is the problem with electing a leader with a high learning curve ..concept of Trumpism
http://www.jofdt.com/leadership/the-irrefutable-conceptualization-of-trumpism/ …
I'd like to thank the 63 million Russians, who snuck across the border, To vote for Trump.
It had better be a decision for the US to be a leader in green energy... Side note: Do you think they serve borscht in prison?
how could you even consider such an action.
What is taking you so long? What are you drumming up between the lines?
JUST SAY NO!
Hrmmm...decisions.  An inhabitable planet for our future generations... or... a few more Rubles in my pocket? #SorryForOurVillageIdiot
Dump it sir, it's a job killer and a attack on freedom by the global elite!
the Honda Accord?? what color?
Trump, you're fired!
Ancient Native Americans had a True Standard to guide them w such big decisions. Think forward Seven Generations. Google it, pleeeease.
Its just a bowl each of KFC and piss labelled Yes and No set out by your staff, isn't it? The first one you eat is your "final decision"
also, all treaties need ratification by congress so staying in something that is not law by the legislative branch makes no sense
some kind of deal in place but you know climate change is fake an that these countries will hate you whether you stay in or get out
Please don't pull out of the Paris Accord! Your grandchildren are counting on you! https://scripps.ucsd.edu/programs/keelingcurve/ …
You know nothing about governing, and have no respect for our lives. This isn't your world, it's ours. I hate you.
I agree. I felt like I didn't want to bestow my hate to him he wasn't worth it. But I do hate HIM
We know what you will do, you don't believe in science. And, the kids were mean to you in Europe, besides which, you're an idiot.
Think about your grandchildren when you do #climatechange
If China, Russia, and India are not apart of it, then why should we?
Get out of it waste of time and money can do things the American way which is the right way reports are we dropped co2  in last 20 yrs!
If you leave it is for greed & we all know it . This planet is not yours to pillage for $. Do the right thing.
History will judge you harshly in more ways than we can count, but ignoring climate change will be high on the list.
Pull out! Make them eat covfefe!
if there was ever a chance to redeem your stature/respect please DO NOT WITHDRAW from Paris Accord .planet is more important than politics
you are insane.
if you withdraw you're a massive bell end - history will not forgive you
Get us out please!!
All you care about his your appearance.The world don't like you.
I've just heard that we are pulling out of the Paris Accords. Ivanka and Tillerson for it shows he has serious  misguided advisors.
Allowing any of the Al Gore crazies near the White House is very scary. You actually have them in the administration. Does my vote count?
