Ending the Filibuster Rule? After years of self-promotion, shouldn't you at least try to negotiate with the dems? You have a job now, work!
Hey dummy, he has accomplished a lot, he is my commander and chief, attacks on him is attacks on us militarily and veterans that voted 4 him
Yes he's my commander in chief as well.  Calling people derogatory names isn't unifying for him or for you.  You can be kinder too.
We do all make mistakes, but nobody wants to fix them! Reguardless of the terminology used, look at the accomplishments.
There are accomplishments.  But terminology matters.  He would get more done if he didn't attack people who he needs help from.
Let me ask you a question? Throughout American history we have elected presidents by electorial vote and not everyone agreed or liked every elected. Trump won the majority, if you had voted for him would it not somewhat disturb you that the minority won't let him do the the job
Majority/minority doesn't matter.  Trump lost the popular vote but is still president which is the way it should be because electoral...
I am sorry I believe it does, they that didn't vote for him should allow a little time to see what he is going to do.  as of yet have not done So! I know friend we will not agree on these issues. Being as the mojority of the people voted for him, give it time to see
RT @realDonaldTrump WE need you to 'get back in the game'. Stop the outsourcing, passing the buck & selling out #Americans. #USA #FullRepeal
RT @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz @RandPaul Please stop compromising with the @GOP, RINOs, Donors, and the DemocRats. #WeThePeople and #Americans did not elect you to compromise on your campaign promises. #USA #America #Healthcare #FullRepeal #TaxReform #FlatTax #EndDACA #BuildTheWall
RT @realDonaldTrump #WeThePeople & #Americans did not elect/hire you to "pass the buck" to #Congress on: #DACA, #FullRepeal, &  #TaxReform.
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence #Americans & #WeThePeople did not elect/hire you to outsource #Healthcare & #TaxReform to #Congress & @GOP
RT @realDonaldTrump #ACA is a Trojan Horse to destroy the #USA It's a National Security Risk which gives you the power to dismantle it w/EOs
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence #WeThePeople want you to stand up to the big Healthcare Insurance Cos. & stop the fraud/abuse. #USA #ACA
Can blame that on Obama administration,  as THEIR creed got the best of them,by selling out to drug&insurance co.!Their deep pockets  vs ppl
Idiots screamed 7 yrs repeal.  they propose anything better. No, they just wanted to strut & crow. It the quieter rooster that gets the hen.
They're all dirty once a bill is passed a reset will happen able to go back over records lawmakers having dealings illegally prison terms...
The 60 vote Rule is important, it allows the minority party to participate in the writing of legislation. This is a great rule & was designed because we have 2 parties & the input from both sides helps the Government & the People  run smoothly.
RT @mike_pence Stop with the excuses/lies. YOU failed b/c you didn't stop the corruption/fraud by #Congress-Health Insur. Cos. Cartel. #USA
YOU'RE a Republican.
Screw repeal and replace just repeal that crap.
It's a shame the repubs don't have the balls to stand up to the few dems we have in there. Get the job done repubs!
Time to get rid of Obamacare now!!

Its not going to happen as soon as you would like, for now it's the rule of law and you need to deal with it
It's John McCain's fault AND ALL THE DEMOCRATS WHO ONLY CARE ABOUT ILLEGALS
#oldfashionedPOTUS @realDonaldTrump
Repeal and Replace was stupid from the start!
I remember when you said that Health Care was easy.  Don't blame the GOP when you are the one who refused to come up with a plan yourself
Continuously promised to #repeal and replace every #election since! #educate yourself so you don’t look like another @TheDemocrats #fool!
#PrayForMexico
#BuenViernes
#AFLCatsTigers
Taking initiation from a True Saint a devotee can get rid of all these sufferings.
yes
Don't use big words you don't understand
Benito thinks he's triangulating. He's actually alienating the people who control his impeachment.
Giddy up.
He's turning full democrat, holy fuck
White gloves will absolutely make your hands look big.
Texas is still under water, Florida is about to be bit by its worst hurricaine ever, and you're on here attacking your own party.
FUCK TRUMP.
#FuckTrump
Trump? Weird way to spell liberals....

& we're stuck w/ #ObamaCare so don't let them screw us on immigration! U be sure when they pass #DreamAct we get #TheWall "Fool me once.."
Who is better?
Mccain  Murkowski  lied to voters to win elections. Not complicated.
Amid a major storm, are you really chastising the Senate Rs for not successfully gutting health care for the vulnerable?
The gov't doesn't stop even amid natural disasters... and...The vulnerable will NOT lose healthcare despite bias MSM scare tactics
Not media bias nor scare tactics. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office(run by a Republican appointee) says it
This is old news!  This was one replacement OFFERED not enacted..and albeit not a very good one.
Old news is another name for history and track record. Everything floated so far has been awful. Do you honestly believe the next one isn’t‽
Not ALL "old news" is factual. Depends on the source.  
And Yes!  I do believe  the final  one will benefit ALL Americans.
Bahahahaha
I understand delegation, but you have essentially delegated ALL responsibility to congress. What's the point of having a President?
Someone is watching 'Morning Joe' again
Rules can't change just to get ur way. Otherwise u could be impeached  with fewer votes
...jobs
Some Republicans not really republicans.  I believe our President will work with all who work for our country to set it back on track.
We trust and support you, POTUS! We know you are doing your best for America.
Broken record.
@realDonaldTrump is for the American ppl NOT for anyone that stands in his way. #MAGA 
America does not need a Russian President.
What? This is your government. You are not a CEO.
So we will get immigration taken care of before repeal& replace and tax reform? It  feels like the dems and 9th district are in control 
Government was designed this way for a reason.
Gotta get rid of Filibuster. You're 100% right: Dems won't hesitate to change it.

And what other country has this system?
For the previous 8 years the Reps blocked everything Obama tried to do. Still didn't change filibuster rule.
Repeal only let the free market work
Wolf in sheep's clothing. You turn on your own party THAT quickly. What a jerk.
Health Care should be a right! Do what is right for the citizens of this country. Fix the issues with the ACA!!!
Proverbs 16:20
He who #heeds the #word wisely will find good, And whoever #trusts in the #Lord, happy is he.
Psalm 2:10-11
Now therefore, be wise, O #kings; Be instructed, you #judges of the #earth. #Serve the #Lord with #fear, And [1/2]
#rejoice with trembling. [2/2]
1 Timothy 2:5
For there is one #God and one Mediator between #God and #men, the Man #ChristJesus,
Quack
How about focusing on bringing the country together for a change? People LIKE Obamacare. Get over it.
Uh..no. "People"
DONT!! Leeches, DO!! Real hardworking, self sufficient ppl R drowning in HC costs; prices keep rising & cvrge decreasing. 
Every life lost, every house destroyed during Irma
Is ON THE HANDS OF CLIMATE CHANGE DENIERS!!!!!
Ed, wake up! There is no PERFECT HC Plan! Obamacare is failing, and that was Obama's brain child! Really??
Who will pay for 10 mil.uninsured
ACA isn't failing. Only that tired talking point is.
Then why is ETNA, one of the biggest insurers in the nation pulling out nationwide?
There's no such thing as ETNA. Maybe get a clue about this topic before speaking on it.
DuWayne, please try to get out more often. You are clearly uninformed.
Sorry about the typo.Atena insurance is pulling out of the exchanges. 27 million currently uninsured under Obamacare.
Facts. Tell it to them
There's no such thing as Atena. Are you really this ignorant?

ACA has insured almost 20 million people since its implementation. Fact.
Atena Insurance Company!! Yes they are a Healthcare insurance company!
They announced that they are pulling out of the Obamacare exchanges!
God Bless You President Trump, dont pay any mind to the haters, pretend to be christians out there...God loves you and so do we.
The 60 vote Rule is paramount for being a Democracy & for Regular Order in Congress and the Senate.
Somehow, I'm reminded of a boy who doesn't get his way.  He just takes his ball and goes home.
If only he would pick up his balls and go home....
Kick his balls...yes please! oh sorry misheard you...

Oooohhhh......took it rather personally didn't you.....poor pooky.
Morning bitches!!! Thanks for all the psycho/analysis... & proving my point. 

What a sad lot. Shame. And there are thousands of us dearies.
Thousands of sad, sad men who take offence at every word written by a woman. Who emasculated you? Grow up and lighten up.
Wouldn't it be nice to suspend the constitution and replace it with the Kremlintution?
No but it would be nice if people would give my commander and chief a chance to do what he needs to, attacks against him are attacks to us!
Your commander attacks blacks and latinos. Look at Puerto Rico.
No that is a Democratic lie! My best friend in the world is black. Don't believe the press, he is doing what he believes is good for the nation. Don't be fooled, he has done a lot not covered by press like taxes that I great for all
Dear Mr President 
We the People understand your dilemma, & trust your judgment. Press on MAGA, & WE WILL GET YOU MORE HELP AT MIDTERMS 
No we DO NOT trust his judgement!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!'
I said We the People, meaning AMERICAN CITIZENS, not LIBERAL WHACK JOB NAZIS

Yep and build the wall will stop 95% of heroin from entering United states
What are you talking about old man?
Insurance & Rx companies are price gouging Americans just because they can Like Bill Clinton - he screwed an intern because he could.  HELP!
Accwpt defeat with dignity Trump.
Self-employed folks, small business owners suffering serious financial hardship due 2 cost of health insurance, Rx, med diags & trtmt HELP!
Stop pretending to be presidential - as if you weren't going to jail for treason. If I were you I'd be plotting my escape. #tRumpinjail
Republicans used Obamacare repeal to take control of congress claiming they were ready to go. After 7 years of BS, they delivered nothing!
Remember @realDonaldTrump the only time you achieved some legislative success is through partnership with @TheDemocrats .
I thought you were the ultimate deal maker.  Show us your negotiation expertise.
@realDonaldTrump don't blame the Republicans 4 the failing of the repeal of Obamacare! That's unpresidential of u! @sconley58 @EricaMcKoane

We want the senate filibuster rule gone
Here we go again! You do remember tweeting the same crap several times recently? Is the dementia progressing?
WE THE PEOPLE are tired of the GOPs inaction!!!
***** 5 STAR PRESIDENCY
What a joke 
Repeal only, please. Thanks so much!
President Trump. You do not need to say your sorry to anyone about repeal & replace. Millions of us people have heard the same thing you did

You Sir 
(Mr President)
I voted FOR because of YOUR business mind & perspective 

Obamacare requires YOUR Qualities TO FIX BUT NOT REPEAL
& if you do not address the deficit you will not have my support in 2020 (UNLESS HC is running against YOU - ANYBODY BUT HILLARY 2020)
@avanconia we need to start with Ryan and boot most of them
Losing it again ?
You have a repub president, senate & house. If you can't get anything passed it's not the dem's fault...
I like you
I like me 2
"Republicans"? To what party do you belong?
Mueller knows all.
Tick...
Tick...
Tick...
Tick...
Tick...
Tick...
Tick...
Tick...
Tick...
All of congress and all politicians need to be on the same healthcare plan that they forced on us. Then they can work out details.
I pray Mar A Lago drifts into the ocean
Stupid intent, no alternative plan, nothing to repeal and place! tRump and cabinet are idiots. Couldn't shine President Ovama's shoes!
Yesterday I met a Real Life "Alt Left'st"...and Wooow!
Executive branch may have to repeal ACA just to get them moving.
@JoeNBC Donald Trump is a bully!
All I know is AMERICA IS NOT GREAT AGAIN???? #returntogreatness2020
We heard you say a lot more and a lot of winning but I haven't seen anything yet.
Then get onto alt-left congress to stop blocking any action,wuth frivolous law suits&then maybe he can!!
Donald Trump is all mouth dump the Trump
Just repeal it and let everyone work for "benefits" like it was before Obumma and his group of clowns put this law into place!!
twitter
Didn't happened because no plan to replace - just take away health care. Immoral. Cruel. Shameful. Nasty. Vicious.
Hypocrites
Drain the swamp
@JoeNBC I absolutely despise you #notmypresident
I just want a #RepealOnly #FullRepeal #RepealObamaCare 
Cheat to Win!!..haha ..everything u do to reverse Obama will be reversed when Dems take back Congress and the WH ..u pissing on yourself!!
The republicans can't even agree 2 cut rates on taxes,4get an overhaul of the code, just cut rates.They wont do it bc it'll make u look good
Agree!! Replace all in house and senate over two years there!
And you said you would take care of everybody...
We need to see some action on the investigation of the crooked Clintons! That's one of the top reasons we elected you!
Won't you be disappointed when you find out she did NOTHING wrong and YOU just fell for trump and the Russians total lies about her...
*... you are a president, I'm a 15 year old girl yet still have a bigger vocabulary than you

Primary the RINO's
Not as easy as you thought huh Donald
2 words
BREAKING: Trump Holds Secret Meeting With New Russian Ambassador In The White House. A witch hunt fake new NOPE TRUTH. 1/2
2/2 Yes folks there's Something There, and it's illegal, unethical and Impeachable!
President Trump, you BROUGHT IN!!!!-“Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee. The hands can't hit what the eyes can't see.”― Muhammad Ali
Maybe because repeal/replace isnt as important as tweaking. Where you don't protect Ins co as much & ensure 20million don't lose coverage.
These folks don't realize Ocare is being sabotaged as we speak from within. But they will find out the hard way in the next year.  SAD!
You lead them.  You failed.  That's a fact baby.
Go across isle if need be to get results..if Nancy and Chuck want to work with u, go with it..
Republicans do want to repeal and replace, but they're not referring to health care anymore.  It may be you.
It's about time reason settled in.
Well your the President now.  That's why your small base elected you.  How about a Fix for it.  Now you pass the buck.
Sign daca and I'm sure they will acquiesce !!!
Don't Waste four years you 
Did not want this anyway.
 Best of luck the country needs
You to act better. I did not vote 
4 U but you R prez
You made some promises yourself.
Remember the debate when you asked Hillary why she hadn't created change in the 30 years she's been in public service? Well now you know!!
Where is your pen? Didn't Obama use that pen for almost everything?
A court would strike that EO immediately. I'll let u figure out why.
#RESIGN
Why hitch your horse to a Dead Bill, no matter what version they write? It was NOT popular, because it Killed people. All your stuff does...
RT @SenateMajLdr McConnell GET RID OF THE FILIBUSTER RULE. 
@SenateDems FOR IT TO OBSTRUCT AMERICA'S GROWTH
WE WANT WHAT WE HAVE "MAJORITY"

i thought you were a republican, I'm so confused
Trump is trying to codify into law (DACA) what Obama did on the fly, without authority or any legal way to make it work
But I know you have your hands full getting this nation out of all the trouble it's in.
If you want to get good things done you must work with both
Dem/RUBS  if you want to be liked you must be likable. 
You must change .
Repeal. Not so fast. 
Healthcare Cost 18% GDP bankrupting Medicare/aid. 
Replacing with cost-effective system, the real challenge

Amen
You sound like a little white girl trynna talk crap

A Democrat now?  Are you going to revamp  the ACA and call it your own?  Think the Republicans are your friends?NOPE
The Republican Party loaded with RINOS. McCain, Graham, Ryan, Corker, Kasisch, Alexander and on and on.
あなたの考えにいつも賛同致します。
自分はいつも大統領の発言や、行動力に勇気をもらってます
Craigslist not the website*
#BLAHBLAHBLAH 
And we heard u say u would release your tax returns & u didn't; & that Obama was born in Kenya & he wasn't.
Too many lies to fit in 140 characters....
Shut up Judas. Take your silver and go away.
Or well take it away and Make you go away.
Up. To. You. We the People..are sick of your shit.
Stop with repeal & replace already! Try to create a policy; not to dismantle the ones from your predecessor just out of spite.
Put all government employees on the same health care system we as citizens have and watch how fast we have a good health care plan.
We don't want repeal and replace, we want repeal and keep the government OUT of healthcare.
So you are saying we should abolish the VA, Medicaid and Medicare. What do you suggest to replace them.
Mr President you're  correct. McConnell and Ryan are a big part of the problem. Get on board or get run over.
The party of "no" doesn't know how to govern and neither do you.
And you were of no help. Didn't you write and boast about being great at deals? You do know that Dems don't lead the house & senate, right?
Mr. President you are not a King nor can you bully the Senate. How short sighted are you? The Filibuster has been around for both parties.
Don't dump on others when you promised beautiful coverage for all.  Leave. You didn't want WH & R gaming the office. Leave - .

You're a liberal anyways. The only reason you got the republican ticket is because they knew you would get the hot seat regardless
sure, change the rules to get your way...NO WAY!
They realize, many GOP voters have it as their only healthcare option. The sound bite is was for those with insurance through their employer
You don't have to be sorry they a plan tweak it for 7 n now it time 2 put up or shut up and they have a stupid look on their face kp t faith
Vote them our of office in next election if they cannot do their jobs
They are all liars. They hate you mr. President and they hate Americans. They are strictly in it for the money. Get their asses to work 4 US
McCain needs to be kicked off all committees until he falls in line to get the GOP platform campaign promises on your desk! 
.Hey, #PresidentJackass,you sound like a broken record.If you don't have anything constructive to say then #STFU! #Impeach @realDonaldTrump

Why are you so naïve to think that the Senate would do something to reduce its power as a legislative body? #DementedDonnie
Where was your superduper replacement plan, dinklehed?
don't worry the American public will #Repeal&Replace your ass in less than 4 years lol ;)
Wake up Washington!!!...
The Senate Filibuster Rule has been around for a very long time and lots of legislation has been passed. That's not the problem, you are!!
Where was your plan? Leadership involves actually contributing ideas
TAKE care of our Veterans. Stop Ileagal Immigration NOW. What is so hard about that???
Did you fall asleep before you finished that one?

Why is the President addressing its party via Twitter instead of dealing directly with the representatives..????
That's the easy way. Get consensus, get out of the "looser wave", put the blame on others.. Is that accountability Mr President??
So who from the GOP gets thrown to the wolves now, Mr. President? #resist
We support Trump, the republicans need to support POTUS
Not a chane n hell
Repeal.  Don't replace.  Free market insurance.  Why are we talking about "Health Insurance" and not "Health Care"?  That's what need help!!
You have forsaken you agenda and your voters.
Yea keep the republicans also on notice
Hi trump sir I am shahanshad my family poor you can help me
Failure of congressional and presidential leadership to have anything that resembles a plan for healthcare. 7 years, nothing.
