WHERE ARE THE TAPES?
And when are you testifying under oath? Give us a date. You can clear up all the "fake news"... under penalty of perjury if (when) you lie.
Your entire world is fake news, because you are too insecure to face the reality that you are inadequate, incapable, and unqualified.
What you are displaying has a name: Defensive self-enhancement. It's a hallmark of narcissism. You can't accept reality, so you attack it.
You sustain your denial by clinging to a profoundly distorted belief that you are always right, even when objective evidence says otherwise.
You know you're a failure, but you blame everyone & everything but yourself b/c that's the only way to sustain your delusion of grandeur.
Profound narcissism like yours always leads to destruction. You'd rather destroy the world around you than accept your inferior place in it.
How common is this depth of narcissism in 70+ year old men?
No carriage ride for you!
You are a fake and the UK people see right through you.
We are all laughing at @realDonaldTrump
#Resistance

weDntWnt2^#spareADime^4EvnACarriageThtBig#NoTrumpStateVisit#ShowYourRumpToTrumphttps://twitter.com/JubileeXmResist/status/873990140875722754 …}YNtAsk#RussiaLovesTrump#Traitor
#isitOK:#PlzLetThisBAThing#ShowUrRump2Trumphttps://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B01FMMBKA4?psc=1 …https://www.amazon.co.uk/Bristol-Novelties-Bum-Shorts/dp/B004JWIECQ/ref=cts_ap_1_vtp?pf_rd_m=A3P5ROKL5A1OLE&pf_rd_p=1212178027&pf_rd_r=EJQ642N0X18XEB1Q3Y3V&pd_rd_wg=ZMLDZ&pf_rd_s=desktop-detail-softlines&pf_rd_t=40701&pd_rd_i=B004JWIECQ&pd_rd_w=aEixU&pf_rd_i=desktop-detail-softlines&pd_rd_r=EJQ642N0X18XEB1Q3Y3V&_encoding=UTF8 …https://www.amazon.co.uk/d/Toys-Games/Bristol-Novelties-Bum-False-rubber/B004JWDFN4/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1497207557&sr=8-2&keywords=plastic+bottom …https://www.amazon.co.uk/Adults-Surfer-Novelty-Accessory-Hawaiian/dp/B01DKLK34S/ref=pd_day0_21_1?_encoding=UTF8&refRID=5KY1HHJZJEHTZV61FEX1&th=1 … 
Can't blame you..we don't want him either..love the #ShowUrRump2Trump..lol  was hoping for this scene to happen
The number of people killed in US terrorist attacks by travelers or refugees from Trump travel ban countries in the last 40yrs is....zero
To put that in perspective, white supremacists have killed more in the last few weeks, including an army officer
White supremacists have killed more people in the past week than refugee terrorists from Trump travel ban countries...in the last 40 years 
White guys who mistakenly murder Sikhs because they think they're Muslim have killed more killed more people
White dudes mistaking Sikhs as Muslims have perpetrated far more violence in US than greencard holders from 7 countries banned in January 
The desire to inflate fears or crack down hard on slim probabilities while turning a blind eye to very real dangers is worrisome
The US faces threats from extremists of many kinds, yet the admin ignores some and obsesses over others http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-extremists-program-exclusiv-idUSKBN15G5VO …
From the man who described Mexican immigrants as drug dealers and rapists 
Citation needed.
Happy to help
Where's the actual quote in that fake news story?
Here's the video with quote. Knock yourself out, dude
OK, and was he wrong?
Bye!
Please answer the question.
I Agree! We stand with you President Trump 
Focus on your agenda and let the MSM crash and burn- they are digging their own grave
#AmericaFirst
Liberal MSM is feeding propaganda to the masses! Wake up America !
Russia conspiracy theory is in shambles. All they have left is to obstruct & hate on your administrations success. Pathetic!
Happy early birthday to the hardest working president! Forget the haters! You live rent free in their mind. The American people stand w you!
You don't represent the American people.... Your just another fanatical Trump supporter brainwashed not to trust anyone but Trump himself
I don't know if you've noticed, but she actually does represent the majority.  Otherwise, he would not have won.
could you stop saying «fake news» for just 1 second
If its still present, why should he?
"Fake News" = "News that doesn't flatter Trump".
That means he'll NEVER shut up.
Fake News means sh*t that the media constantly makes up to create problems where there are none.
Yeah, there's an argument.
"They printed a correction so it's fake news!!! Real news NEVER prints corrections!"
Let's compare press corrections to Trump's apologies when he's been proved wrong. Damn, can't find a single one; He just moves to a new lie
Please provide examples of lies he's told with PROOF that it was a lie.  Not leftwing media propaganda.

 
The media provides an important service by investigating your criminal ass.
Here's what Republicans are saying about Donald Trump. I agree 100%.
1/ Fire Mueller. Do it. Fire Mueller.

Do it, because it's time for the final divorce between the clickservatives and any pretense they....
Refreshing to find a real conservative in the dung heap of what passes for the GOP nowadays.  Didn't know what we had 'til they were gone.
@TheRickWilson finding myself agreeing with him and @Evan_McMullin. We are probably poles apart on most issues, but their Trump stance is !
Agree 100%
That thread from Rick is 
You mean how your confidante Ruddy said in his own words in air you were considering firing Mueller?
Or how we saw a video of your cabinet meeting where the only thing that happened is members kissed your ring?
What is the "Fake News" media actually getting wrong? They are saying your team is investigated. You seem to obstruct with words & Twitter.
trump needs them for his ego
Dump has added 5 million fake followers over the last 1-2 weeks. The "likes" for his comments were sinking before then.
I know I have a list of many of them
The president of the US has never been so wrong. Purposefully lying to the American people for his own gain.
This is pretty accurate.
If he does, then we take to the streets again to protest.
How about you take this opportunity to set the record straight, Mr. President? I'm available right now to do a phone interview with you.
Did he call? :-)
No, but he's welcome to. I happen to think his use of Twitter offers great potential for accessibility and engagement. (1/2)
(2/2) But he's only using it for propaganda. :-(
Can you imagine him going through thousands of responses? It's impossible to engage in that scale of things, can't happen.
I certainly don't expect him to respond to every inquiry, but with little exception, he only engages with an elite few.
I live in a dictatorship in Egypt & even the dictator here doesnt have his cabinet go around the room praising him for cameras. That's 'sad'
Then why care, Timothy???  I'd be busy trying to fix my government. Stay in your own lane!!!
I'm Egyptian American. Some roads have more than one lane ;-)
Thank god for infrastructure week, huh? Two lane roads!
"The fake news media has never been so wrong or so dirty" -  Perfect description of Breitbart & Fox News, 
Donald finally got it right.
Fake news, Fake president
Fake billionaire, Fake Comey tapes,
Do you have examples? Please present the articles/sources you're referring to.
Everyone on earth is wrong; only Trump is truthful, right?
Ooh, honey, NO ONE it's forgetting about drumpf's Russian treason. Believe me  #ImpeachTrumpNOW #TraitorTrump
....Trumps not getting impeached. Go work on your super influential sign for your protest.
Says the guy taking selfies at the gym.
Ooooo burn 

Nothing like personal attacks because you don't have an actual argument.
Personal attack? LOL---just stating a fact about your picture. Seems VERY influential.
You're describing your road to the White House to a T, @realDonaldTrump. Well, this and colluding with an adversary of the United States.
Last straws of desperation - trying to hang on - going down hard!
He won't be getting away with crime any more. Should had stayed in his tower.
"Phony sources" - You'd know about fake sources. You used a fake source to support your claim that Obama's birth certificate "is a fraud"
Doesn't say he was born there,his father is from there. Just like my kid who was born in NJ but we registered her in Egypt,her dads country.
Yes they do. I had to have mine written by Dr and the notarized American bc had to be signed by the Dr as well. And then stamped by the gov.
Don't even try, Cindy.  They are wallowing in the Kool-Aid of Trump
I know but the facts are simple. It drives me nuts that people don't just find out the facts first.
The Hate they spew disgusts me. We sure picked the right man for @POTUS Only you could withstand this onslaught. TY #MAGA
Couldn't have picked a better president
Best President Ever!! President to be proud of #MAGA
You blocked military veterans because you're a pathetic, sad, worthless piece of shit. You don't represent this country, you fucking coward
Trump need to stop arming Al Qaeda& Saudis 

https://twitter.com/davudov_34/status/873789708685496320 … @realDonaldTrump @JZarif @Pontifex @EmmanuelMacron @realDonaldTrump
Saudi Arabia ditching Qatar over terrorism is like McDonalds accusing Burger King of selling junk
 @IntheNow_tweet  
WE'VE GOT YOUR BACK DON

Oh look..a 34%er!
This actually sounds like one of those randomly generated auto-Trumptweets.
It would be easier if he just auto generated simply "Fake News" and "Make America Great Again" every few hours.
You seriously mean he doesn't?
Does seem that way doesn't it?
.@realDonaldTrump 
ACTIONS SPEAK LOUDER THAN WORDS
I voted for you because you are ACTION - so did lot other Americans. 
Thank You!
Yes we did. You are not an idealogue, you can do theory and application, you don't lecture and aren't condescending and you're not a liar.
BOOM
Well said Sandy!
Thank you. It's only the truth no matter how much MSM have tried to smear and vilify him.
Drink! #trumptweetsfakenewsdrinkinggame
That made my day! !!!  :))))
Meanwhile... A friend of yours wants to say hello 

Why don't you have someone else compose your tweets
Seriously, almost anyone else.
I'd prefer Barron, to be honest.
That means Donald would have to see him. Hence, not gonna happen.

Fox News told you Trump, "it is not the fake news media that's your problem . It's you."
What's "sad" #Trump is that the US has a whiny, petulant, pathologically lying manbaby for a president. An embarrassment. Have u no shame?
Keep tweeting like this #Trump. It SCREAMS of guilt. U do realize that feeding ur brainwashed base has no effect on #Mueller investigation?
he doesn't, he thinks he is king.
Mr President, time for your @PressSec to pull WH access from fake news media especially CNN who is dog whistling your assasination evry day.
Mr President , WH access to CNN is putting your safety at risk.CNN's track record of supporting your death is clear.
CNN's veiled and open calls for your assasination is intolerable. CNN's WH access must be revoked immediately. Why do you put up with this?
CNN's propaganda against you clearly models itself after ISIS. This must not b tolerated around the WH. Isolate the threat. Ban CNN from WH.
Raise awareness about the murderous vile propaganda CNN is pushing against you and your entourage. Just tweet hashtag #CNNisISIS.
Your base laps up this BS, #Trump. But everyone else thinks ur a joke. Your polls are dreadful, ur kids desperate, ur lawyers aghast.
Ur base is shrinking.
WHERE IS THE CAPSLOCK???? I'm not sure I know what fake news is without it being called FAKE NEWS. Is your phone broken???
Is Bannon holding you hostage? Blink once for yes, twice for no.

Actually, that would involve counting. Nevermind.
The media really is mean using your own words against you. I hear your tweets are now public records. You're pretty fucked there.
Whoever takes your place after the impeachment can learn from this. You have done one good thing: serve as an example of what not to do.
Comey's testimony proved that the mainstream media is constantly getting the story wrong. Reporting leaks that are inaccurate. Dishonest!
Maybe you watched the wrong testimony.
Just doesn't have the ability to understand it, poor fellow.
No, I'm pretty sure he said that The NY Times got the story "almost entirely wrong".
Hi Brian. It's early here, maybe where you are. Have a cup of coffee. 1 report is not 'MSM constantly getting wrong'. WAKE UP.
But if he doesn't concentrate & extrapolate on that mistake, he'd have to focus on the rest of what Comey said. And no Trumpster wants that!
We have an ongoing investigation that I trust will get to the bottom of the Russia issue. Talking about the dishonest and inaccurate media.
This is why you should cancel @WhiteHouse press briefings and take your message directly to the American people!  #MAGA #FireMueller
The corrupt MSM is the enemy of Americans and should be treated as such.  Cancel @WhiteHouse press briefings.  #NeverStopTweeting #MAGA
@realDonaldTrump Time for DJT to start WINNING #FirePriebus
You ran a campaign built on lies. Don't complain about crumbs in the bed--you brought the crackers @realDonaldTrump
1000% Agree President Trump! Very disturbing! #MSMIsISIS
CNNisISIS #fakenews
I had to make my own LOL - its not just CNN anymore, it's become the whole MSM ! 
Get Me Roger Stone.
He doesn't need a lawyer he needs a straight jacket and a padded cell, the guy is delusional
Grandpa's up!
If you're innocent, why 

 Fire Sally Yates 
 Fire Preet Bharara
 Fire Jim Comey
 Threaten to fire Bob Mueller

I'm sensing a pattern...
Nixon did this. Rather than face impeachment Trump regime will destabilise the country, suspending common law & seizing control
Put your words where your butt is. Name the charges...why impeach? Several month of wasting tax $$s has turned up nothing. You are a puppet.
She's a troll. Just mute her.
Just looking for your facts. Got any?
37 followers...gtfoh...
You're talking about Fox, Infowars and Breightbart right? I agree
It's funny how trump lies constantly and always complains about others lying. Where are the Comey tapes? Trump lies lies lies
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 7 Months, 7 Days, 6 Hours, 24 Minutes, and 4 Seconds
Your only strategy now is to be the sole arbiter of reality.
This makes me laugh! Thanks!
BO aka Barry Seroto IS a total Muslim FRAUD.
Don't be silly. They wouldn't be posting anonymously if they did.
Isn't Trump the one that said you can't trust unnamed sources?
Well you can if they agree with you, obviously!
Exactly!
People are so rude. We need a zero tolerance for bullying the president of the United States. Like it or leave it!  Love MY PRESIDENT TRUMP

Happy Birthday, you son of a bitch Donald TRUMP 
CNN & MSNBC are the worst offenders. Pull their FCC licenses! Purge the Airwaves of Lies!
Fake News has been around 4 years. Ur just the 1st to stand up 2 them. Real Men compromise, they don't back down!!

Says yer man. Jaysus, sure it'll all end in tears. Get up them stairs! You didn't get a dose of this in time me boy!
We watched today of what happens when fake news is believed
The President must take action against the #Dems & #MSM calling for Blood in the streets. He need2 to Shut down #AntifaTerroristic attacks.
Poor little Baby Donnie. Need a bottle and fresh diaper? #CryBabyTrump #WeakTrump #TraitorTrump #ImpeachTrump
You mean like your purposefully incorrect stories,such as birther, wiretapping or vulgar poonana-grabbing bragging or "reliable sources" 
We know Sir. Whenever Democrats are losing the debate suddenly a "Trump Leak" appears in the rags WaPo and NYT.
There's never been such a Fake President who lies,bullies&plays dirty,perhaps you should show some decorum&stop your agenda of hate. Sad!
Ass Wipe!!
Like how #Aljazeera lied on #Gadafi killing his own citizens and #nato bombed his country?
Call another special prosecutor to investigate Loretta Lynch and Hillary Clinton, George Soros!

Sir, @Acosta wants you to know that you did NOT visit Scalise at the hospital last night. He said a "WH official" told him  PULL HIS PASS
We love you President Trump!#MAGA
Mr. PResident, hire Jay Sekulow as FBI head.  I think it would be a good fit.
We all know you lie. You just keep lying thinking we will eventually accept what you say as truth. Not happening.
You care for fake news but you ignore enslavement of #YazidiWomen 

#FakeHumanity prevails
That's the Democrats they don't know any other way and the social media
you tweet like an angry teenager not a president!!
.? Because they see through you and report how I'll-prepared you are for the role of President. Okay well #JeSuisJournalism

"The Fake News Media" is NOT everything YOU don't tweet. #Impeach45
you told everyone Barack Obama was an illegal immigrant the entirety of his campaign YIKES lol
The Fake POTUS has never been so wrong or so dirty. Stop lying to your bosses; the American people.

The Fake News President strikes again. Never so dirty or wrong. Incorrect stories and phony sources. Sad!
They're just using their alternative facts.
Any chance you might reconsider your priorities? At least, please resist your own base impulses. May it be blessed.
U made the decision & showed the world how u feel about leaks when u praised wikileaks. If u weren't ok w/leaks u would have condemned.
2. We all heard u express ur love for wikileaks. U don't get to complain now that ppl r giving u the very thing u happily welcomed.
So when are u going to start looking in to some of the stuff John F Kennedy was looking in to an let the people of the US Know the truth
If any preson is the one for the job Trump would be the one get us the truth
Robert let's count the hash tags clearly there is a problem.
You are a sad excuse for the President!!
It's you that is wrong, dirty, incorrect and phony. #justgoaway
I wish he stayed in Saudi Arabia
@realDonaldTrump @CLewandowski_  Please bring Corey to the WH. #Please, Please, Please!!!
So, tell us which parts of the media aren't fake. Is it just Fox? Or some juvenile conspiracy sites? Grow up
Liar
Or.... you're the most corrupt and disliked PRESIDENT EVER!!!!!
You are the most honest, smartest & strongest  President we have ever had. God has blessed us with you as our President !  FAKE NEWS
It's frightening how many people actually believe your crap.
Change begins in each individual. That goes for everyone including the dems. Acceptance would be a good start on their part. You're the pres
WHERE ARE THE TAPES?
Trump is the best, he freed the guy from Korea I think and Obama left him there. Trump is a life saver!! 
If it’s “fake” or incorrect, please clear things up. FAKE means it’s made up or a blatant lie. The FCC has rules for this. Call them on it and really let them have it! OH WAIT! You lie every single day so that really wouldn’t work out so well 
Cunt
What happened?
I'm sure you put yourself in a good light even though you do bad things
CNN, Robert Mueller, the Democrats won't stop till they at least find an overdue library book to charge against the President! Beam Me Up!
Oh yeah....name 1??? Which story about you that is usually true, is fake today loser?? Always blaming MSM when YOU are your own worse enemy!
Don't worry Mr. President, MILLIONS of us have ur back! You just keep #MAGA 
We must rise againt fakenews media...pple who are invading american minds with baised content against our president...
Anyone who disagrees with you is either a pawn our a purveyor of "fake news". we are just paying attention to your lies and recognize them
And I told u before , You reap what u sow!!U ain't learning nothing yet.  Drop that pride Mr. President. U willl b humiliated
I wonder where they learned this from
Sir, it's time to put country first, leave the media do their job and focus on the American people. Stop dividing us.
President Trump you are so correct, it is an attack on all Americans. I contend that Obama & his Deep State Cult continues to lead this mess
No, they're correct, you're listening to the wrong advisors. Time 4 a reality check Don.
They learned it from you.
ABSOLUTE PROOF : ABC and CBS at WAR to knock off CNN as TOP FAKE NEWS MEDIA.
I wish, we the people, could STOP the madness which is our government!
You seriously need help! Your narcissism is beyond the use of medication. GET HELP NOW!!!

Administration is imploding. A colossal failure. Alienating & dividing the people, wrecking our international relationships. Train wreck
The only agenda of hate is yours, Donald
It's a coup, crush it.
I guess President Trump is not the Great Man I thought of him.
 He would have sued all fake news agencies and closed them down before now!
You are the only fake Donald. And the only one who gives out classified info to other countries.
Talk to, Kellyanne Conway. She's the biggest WH leaker. Right under your nose.
I'm crying my eyes out 
I think Trump deserves a  face on Mount Rushmore
@wood1126 You sir, makes Me Slightly sick to my stomach.Your the liar, NYT showed. FAKE President!
Nixon was evil but competent. You can't even mange competent. Appalling. Really. So sad.
This is why we no longer look to them for news
you're sounding nervous, cheeto.
So everyone is fake but you?  Now that's sad.
You are POTUS.  Enough with the silly tweets.  Go do your job already.
Umm...it's actually your agenda of hate and lies. This nonsense is your creation. You need to hide your lies in a cloud of confusion.
MUELLER NOW SAYS "THERE IS A POSSIBLE OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE".  I SAY JUST ANOTHER SALEM WITCH CRAFT TRAIL SO NOW U MUST STOP THIS FIRE HIM!
Keep up the good work
I came in your mouth last night, you didn't complain then :)
There is this thing called accountability
We all know what happens to them in the end, I can't wait to see them squirm and beg for forgiveness. It's coming!!!
I am with you always.
Media has never been so dirty
It's time to go on the offensive Mr. President! Appointment special prosecutors to investigate Obamas/Eric Holder gun running


Sometimes I wonder if you really are that stupid or if it is just a lot of drugs. #sad
They're just following your lead, sugar.
No longer sad, Mr President. It's terrifying what they are getting away with! I pray for you and your wonderful family!
You'll never get the liberal media to side with you, but 'WE THE PEOPLE' know the truth and Stand Behind You.
# I believe that with Da dy America! People spirit will come along! Happy times Sir!
Showing the world of psychology your perfect example of projection yet again...
You are the fakeone you are a liar and manipulator. But ma,God,Bless you to do the right thing in life. I hope you finally get a conscience
#PEEOTUS Oh honey,putting caps in front of words doesn't legitimize them.No matter what Spicey says. Still real news.#39for45 #ImpeachtRump

@DNC I want to know who leaked where the @GOP lawmakers were practicing for charity baseball game? This wasn't public info #Alexandria
This Tweet gives purpose to those who believe that Hatred/Frustration/Anger would be rectified by violence.This must Stop!
This same fake media as you call it, was all good when it was about Obama!! You're a bunch of hypocrites!!! Trump out right lies!!!
No one is buying this Trump
Mr. President, I could not agree more. The lies and deception are obvious. I don't listen to MSM anymore for that reason.
Just because you don't like it doesn't mean it's fake.
MAGA! Praying for you and our country. We have your back!
Time to take a  at yourself and the hateful agenda you started, and continue, well before your hateful campaign!
You must be talking about the Trump news agency.......................................
oh stop it. reporters are professionals whose reputations are on the line every time they write. you have had no accountability. Dan 5:25
This is not the exercise of free speech. These acts are Criminal.
You cannot deal with the truth. You do not know what it is.
#Treason
Hate is something Don Drumpf knows more about than anyone.
Your rhetoric is dangerous @realDonaldTrump . Please tone it down. You are the one who sets the tone for the country.
Look at this on eBay http://www.ebay.com/itm/252986508143 … #WeakPresident
Nah, you are just afraid of them because unlike fox and friends, they are legit and honest, something foreign to you.
Talking about your own administration again ?
fictitious?
*munches on popcorn from his recliner*
try to get it right
Mmimmm
Sir sometimes your news is artificial as well please listen.
So true

You are going down...maybe not as fast as you do when you are around Putin, but we will see you impeached #TrumpRussia #Collusion
Ok this was fron the real 45 and not a satire. #TrumpRussia
Repeating lies is proof that you are not acting on behalf of Americans.
Sad huh?you call it sad when Fox News says your trouble are self- inflicted?
Our very corrupt media is run by people led by Satan himself!
why don't u just abolish the press ? #FakeNewsMedia
