U know the last person who called the news fake in Poland was Hitler who marched on their country, September 1, 1939. Killed 6 mil Polish.
You don't think he doesn't know that history-and no darling, bless your heart-there was no "fake news" with an evil totalitarian like that-
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself, thank you Poland! #ICYMI, watch here http://45.wh.gov/TphMP6 … https:/...
Meet polish aborygens his master))))
Thank you, President Trump,  so grateful that you took on this endeavor when you did not have to!! #MAGA  God Bless You & America! 
Mr. Trump, I hope you took note of the class and loyalty Mr. Session portrayed afte you criticised him in public. He is a keeper.
Is that a protest against you? Looks like it.
They love you they love country and heritage
Why do you hate immigrants yet Melania is one?
Please show where he SAYS he HATES immigrants.
The other thing potus, they won't confirm an AG in our court anyway. Stick with Sessions he'll be loyal now.
President Trump. Keep it up. Put pressure on Murkowski and Collins but chill a little on Sessions. Nothing to do at this point. He's onside.
SMART PEOPLE EVERYWHERE KNOW U R THE FAKE.  THE PEOPLE WHO STILL SUPPORT YOU ARE NAIVE, OR IGNORANT OR HATEFUL.
U R THE  FAKE!! PIED PIPER
They had to beg/force people there. The real crowd for you is in Germany. They do not like you. Too embarrassing. #ConManDon #LyingDon
I'd like to know where you got evidence of info that people had to be forced to be there especially when the country is one in freedom.
Thank you Poland for loving our President! 
THANK YOU@PRESIDENT Lil Trump for The Greater Support POTUS TRUMP MAY GOD BLESS You.
Off the subject a bit !  Has joe Biden continued with cancer research and will you please. Support the efforts to get the cure ?
Yes folks, in case you missed me ripping CNN while on a state visit click on the video. Nothing more modern presidential than that. Winning!
I just love it when I wake up in the morning and Donald J. Trump is President!
Ahhhh....
It's just EXACTLY what I VOTED FOR!!
Great respect 
just look at all those "paid protesters" #SAD!!!
as you said, words mean nothing unless action is behind them. take your own advice
Thanks for intensely embarrassing us in a new country.
You are the enbarassment
@FLOTUS Melania looked beautiful.  Even my husband commented on what a striking dress.


On behalf of the U.S., stop being such a tool. #manchild
Did you visit the torture sites? You do, after all, openly condone torture.
Get a grip on reality!
You do realize that they actually did pay people and bus them in, right?  25% of Poland Supports you.
Looks like someone is getting nervous.  A bomb is about to drop...
More fake news wow do you people even know where the stop you are literally becoming the laughing stock of the left tards LMAO
Thank you President Trump for a very nice speech about Poland, our history and values! Thank you for a visit! God bless  
In honor of the Great #Polish  reception of #Trump

I'll be #follow ing ALL of #Poland this week! #Warsaw   #POTUSinPoland #ClintEastwood
The Polish are Great Strong People.
The ONLY country that refused to give up their 
Religion under Conmunism
Love it mr. trump keep up the great work #maga local 175 laborer stands with you
So glad I didn't get up early to watch this garbage.
...congratulations to a fantastic job in Poland!!!  You make America proud again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Porque me abandono aora si me ban a matar eso es lo k buscaba verdad y se supone k mi fon estava lakeado
That was embarrassing!
Were the bused in crowds everything you hoped for?
You should get this framed and present it to your boyfriend Putin when you meet.
The issue with healthcare is we have a 2 tiered market Ind health ins being the red headed stepchild of policies

If you're just waking up, the president is on foreign soil attacking US intelligence patriots, the American free press & former presidents. 
Poland and America first to fight and Freedom
Oh look, there are nearly as many paid supporters bused in as are in your TL
. Was so proud of my President & First Lady!
Resign
Just watched your beautiful speeches!   Thank you for the great representation of the American people!   I love you both,  God is with you!
All you did is rant about fake news. Total embarrassment!
You are disgraceful and your wife is enabling you. I've lost all respect for both of you. Every time you open your mouth you harm the USA.
Nancy, harassing our president is a crime. As the other snowflake liberals.
I hope you had some cream on hand for that burn you got when you met the First Lady of Poland.
Making us proud 
He's a global embarrassment. Most Americans cringing in anticipation
Sad that anyone is "god fearing", yet it explains the right perfectly . Who could truly be afraid of Love? U all r. So sad.
Nothing says love like Americans laying dead in the streets of Democrat Party sanctuary cities. Own it all.
I own that in a heartbeat! That's democracy. U have an issue w our constitutional rights?
Yes, I have an issue with Democrats releasing criminal aliens to violate the "constitutional rights" of Americans.Murder, rape, robbery, etc
That's hysterical!
Poland Loves President Trump.
Listen to thisPoland chants 'Donald Trump' after he says "The West will never, ever be broken." So proud of @POTUS https://twitter.com/foxandfriends/status/882937323758862337/video/1 …
Yes so much that they paid and bussed in all those people. If you watched their faces, they hate him.
LOL Don't talk Rubbish. You're getting mixed up with the Liberals/Antifa supporters bussed in by Soros to Berkeley 2 cause violence as usual
even Polish government broadcast it. Easy information to see for yourself.  Unlike your brietbarf article
Not believing that for one second! Watched about 5 different videos of Trump in Poland they love him, just as many people do in the uk too!
The UK hates Trump more than any other leader in the world so Lucy you're flat out wrong there
Rubbish again. I'm from the UK many people here support Trump too, especially people who voted for Brexit!
American leadership is back!
For the first time in a long time, we have a President who believes in "Peace through Strength" NOT "Peace through Capitulation"
Allies now know that we will protect them, and adversaries know that we will enforce red lines
With AMERICAN LEADERSHIP, allies sleep better at night, and terrorists sleep a lot less comfortably -- the way it should be
NOT sleeping well:
Thinking people
Concerned  people 
ppl relying on Medicaid & free health exams by planned parenthood 
Polar bears ....
Nothing in life is free, I pay for my family's insurance, and the women in my family are smart enough not to need the services of the
A large percentage of women that use their services are paying daycare & can't afford copays. They also give out condoms for free, 1/2
@ZKomala Is it true people were hired and brought in by buses?
Yes. Ruling party wields Polish ordinary folk to entrench own position & keep power. Known mechanism from history other nations.
Trump's ego was polished well..
I think that it is Trump's play. Poland has meaning given by EU not from its own. Several minutes after taking off he'll forget where he was
Trump got more people to show up in #Poland ... than Crooked Hillary could in the #USA... and people say Trump is unpopular!! #fakenews
we love Obama
No we don't.
Yes most of us do!Obama
agree w/"no we don't" for those who  abhor political correctness, equity redistribution, forced to buy things not needed..he was terrible!
Obama did everything better and was twice as popular inside the states and ten times more popular in the rest of the world. Popular vote.
He was a joke to the rest of the world
Nope. That would be the current, wannabe FAKE potus. National embarrassment. GLOBAL laughingstock. Dementia Don. #25thAmendmentNow
Every country rolled out their best to welcome him. Nothing but good coverage on foreign news sites.
bwahahahahaha  we ALL KNOW they had to bus those people in. Sorry, Donnie, we are not dumb.
Show us your evidence they had to be bussed in.
RETWEET IF YOU HATE HILARY CLINTON!!!

#SirDidi4Sure
Say what?
Was just tryna get some Trump fans to vote for Didi.
Oh ok. Do they have enough brains to do that?
Evidently not enough 
No surprise.
Poland is a land of patriots just as America lives for its heroes.
Thank you Mr President, for visiting Poland.
Donald should take Sunday and go enjoy a beautiful golf course and some ice cold  beer..
I Hope you are reading my TW, Cause I Know what they are doing, @TheDemocrats have been doing this to Italy for 50 years @pdnetwork corrupt

Marine veteran Will Fischer to @potus: Pack your bags, get on Air Force One, get your ass back home, and resign. Today. #MAGA 
They made the buses run on time.

Trump Hosted Event for Putin Sr Advisor at Mar a Lago in 2010

#TrumpRussia #dworkinreport #resist #theresistance …
I see they had to force bus people to come and hear you i wonder if they were payed
Please don't come back!!
Please enjoy and make america proud again Mr. President

I would like to send my thanks and well wishes for the warm welcome extended to our President and First Lady.
#ImpeachTrump then she can get back to her lover
What a great place to wash your dirty laundry.and attack our press and our security department.
You gonna thank the people they were made to bus in just so you could have someone cheering your corrupt ass?
#Trump & #Melania in #WhiteHouse, ARE the right people at the right place. I often deplore #Trump didn't run in 12 & can't change the past
FLOTUS beautiful First Lady Melania reminds me of Jackie
@magatrump666  are the protesters protesting you
Came on in Sénégal Trump i'm your fan's

Unfortunately, you are the President of the US, it is NOT OK to be overseas and bash a past President, the free press or our Intelligence!
賊
It's ok if Poland wants to keep him...
A heart warming speech by the POTUS. And the nasty media can only comment on a handshake ! In  its custom to shake a lady's hand 1st !!!!
I believe in u.
thank you very much for visit Poland! Thank for your great speech!
How was your non-handshake burn?
It's much bigger than your inauguration crowd! But they got a bonus to come and see you and they spoke only Polish.
Wow! Makes me feel proud to be Polish-American. Amazing days indeed! #MAGA
@FLOTUS working hard or hardly working
Sad!!!
You are fast becoming the original bridge burner, you need to wake up and stop spreading FAKE NEWS, to your uneducated supporters.
On Behalf of the US, stay there TINY HANDS
@POTUS please update on the american citizens and their families stuck in Djibouti.

WOw Poland loves Pres Trump!!!!!!!!
My family and I support you whole heartedly and are very thankful and honored to be represented. Amen!
I find it odd that the Right decries "paid protesters" but emphatic supporters bussed in to clap for Trump in Poland is cool.
Everybody knows to stroke The Donald to play him. #SAD you're so predictable. And not very smart. #FAKEPOTUS
Let see if he shoves Putin
Poland HATES you
That's a lot of extras!
It was amazing time for whole Poland:) Thank you for your support!
#25thAmendmentNow
Hi
hell of a grammarian there Donny.
I am already back.
They love you everywhere amazing your such a super star . Bigger than Sting
You're welcome. Beautiful pictures. Also, we (my husband (Paul) and myself) still support you 1000%. Bea Newman
Keep doing what your doing and nevermind the unpatriotic Mr.....President
Great job both of you!!!!
still just a con man


Capitol Police dragging a disabled protester away without his wheelchair. 
I love the crowd that came to see our President! I am so proud to be an American today!

Blood on the floor outside of Leader Mcconnell's office as protestors are physically being removed. 
As disgusted as I am to see you keep campaigning, at least it keeps you from governing.
#donaldjtrump
Make America great again!!
Love the bussed in crowd. 
They bussed people in you fool
Nob
Putin your duck lips to work

Now after all those words let's wait and see some actions
Paid supporters/staff on full flex!
Part of being a president is help when help is needed
Great speech! 
Polish troops fought
 300,000 Muslims at battle of Vienna saving world from Muslim domination!
 
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Vienna …
Andrgey said-- leave!
Positive.  More like this please.
And Melania would like me to ask you if she can just stay in Poland

You're such an embarrassment.
Potus & Flotus you guys R looking GREAT together. I love the affection U both R now demostrating 2 America & the world. A Fabulous look!
Supporters were bused in from all over Poland
Great speech Mr. President
Right answer, INFERIOR or CORRUPT, either way why are they wasting OUR TAX $ TO INVESTIGATE THE TRUMP PRESIDENCY & Family, Who's next Baron?
U are 2, 2 Much! LoL! I adore U and could read your tweets all day & all night long! Not only are they (U) entertaining, but they are FACT!
Incredible picturesque setting.  And the sun was shining!
Stay in Europe.  We'll make do with Pence.
Thanking the fake crowd they bused in to cheer for fake POTUS
For what? The bus loads of Fake #Trump supporters?

You Lied To Those People Like You Lie To Us!! Obama Did Do Something and U are Trying to Give Back the 2 Compounds and the Sanctions!
North Korea is a human suffering distance. If the United States does not take quick action, the results will soon appear. Explode.
amem nguyện cầu thiên chúa chúc phúc cho con hôm nay và mãi mai
amem maria dong trinh chung con la ke co toi
Proud of our president and First Lady! Yes America is back!!
Pics of the tiny crowd from different angles is fooling no one. Well...it fools your minions but no THINKING person is fooled.
Great job for AMERICA!!!
Best speech I ever heard, sir.
Trump no confusion Putin
Great speech
Love this. Never had any doubt that the Polish people would love them. They are the light in the darkness. Put the stop to Putin's harm.
Use your wife as interpreter. Then you will know everything is on the up and up
Looks like they were able to bus in a few people who would cheer for you.  Wonder what they paid them to cheer???
You are the MOST IGNORANCE SO-PRESIDENT IN U.S. HISTORY, NOT TO
Ya, they got a bigly kick out of your rancid bologna
When it comes to north Korea I think we should go back to the past for solutions or put it in navy seals hands and move in on them
Yeah! Especially that First Lady of Poland's duck of your handshake and instead reaching out to Melania!  Love love love!
Obama had more 
Nice turnout!
