sad for the American Indians

Good   and  What about Health care
Im pleased to announce bill and opus 2020.
Disaster. Greed over intelligence.
Putin must be happy this is a good way to kill Americans pollute their environment.
Especially those in environmental emergency response departments.
I long for the day you make your final announcement... your resignation.
beware of the black snake proficiency.
about more than jobs ! Kudos
all 13 of them you loser!!! #trumpisinsane #trumpmakingmillionsoffpipeline
good afternoon Mr. President 
USING RUSSIAN STEEL TO HURT OUR LANDS!  STOP AND END the #KeystonePipeline just so you can send the oil to RUSSIA SAD
didn't know they had color photos in the 50's. No diversity
that is great c 0
Why can't it run through Trump Tower? Why not show off your "good work?" Is it because it's hideous and dangerous?
İt is not related with me anymore.
#Closewednesday
how many jobs? Please tell us. Perception counts for something. Where are the women and diversity in your pics?
#loser
are we using American steel???
isn't that what you said?
But let the truth be known, the jobs were already there. U created NOTHING. You destroyed land.
.@realDonaldTrump Actually, no. The Keystone XL pipeline will only create 35 permanent jobs.
really?
Reply to .@realDonaldTrump A great day for Russian steel and Trump's stock portfolio!
. Not good. Proven regular leaks and spills. Contaminated ground water, which is all interconnected. Sad day for our health.
is that the one made with Russian steel? #BrokenPromises
make me sick. With Russian steel may I add
this oil will be EXPORTED for profit of a Canadian company! Nothing to do with energy independence. Renewable energy=future
Presidential NOT!
Russian Steel tho, no worries, your jail cell will likely be American made.
but no American steel

You're killing the environment, and displacing people from their land. You should be ashamed of yourself.
you should try to lure before you talk and not just from your liberal media
Yes great day!  Added your failed TrumpCare to all ur other losses - muslim bans, FBI investigation, tiny crowds, dick, IQ
@Alice00581238 @fullycucked @sillybot_  Butt Hurt Still....
You will go down in history as our worst president! @realDonaldTrump
@Alice00581238 @fullycucked No, Obama all ready did that!
Just saw this... https://www.good.is/articles/trump-low-approval-rating … #MAGA @realdonaldtrump
Well they did predict she'd get more votes! Either way, we're on the same sinking ship with #45 at the helm.
PORK CHOP FLAVOR???
Why did you lie about using American steel for the Keystone XL pipeline?
because he is an investor and he wants to help Russia.  35 jobs really?  And no clean water!
@JLMarchese111 and even more please for the 24 million Americans who will keep their healthcare!
We will see next year...this thing collapses & employers cut hiring again! Just pray you don't get seriously ill.
like you, I have great healthcare already because I'm very fortunate. It's those with less that we're saved today.
you'll see the insurers come back now that they know Trumpcare is DOA.
No you wont.  You will see more drop, just like banking, less banks and loans due to regs
so as a mortgage broker, you're not doing any loans?  Non bank mortgages are eating the bloated banks lunch
I'm a banker not a broker. Big difference, we are doing OK, regulations are killing business. Obamacare cut us to 40 employees
that's your problem underwriting sux at your bank. Trumps biz seems fine. Pay for employee HC. Need single payor option
Where are the empowered women?  ... you don't do anything but empower yourself and those greedy little toads all around you
“If you really think that the env. is less important than the economy, try holding your breath while you count your money.” ― Guy McPherson
Did you ever read King Lear?
and a horrible day for the environment
Keep on what you are doing
WOW 75 JOBS. WHERE'S THE US STEEL?
亲爱的川普先生，我是一名来自中国的粉丝！
All 35 jobs at the expense of Native American rights and environmental safety.  Brilliant
thanks...my son doesnt need clean water or earth. Please just quit before u destroy more of my childs future.
wE LOVE YOUPRESIDENT TRUMP. YOU ARE DOING AN AWESOME JOB.  THANK YOU. WE HAVE YOUR BACK NOW & IN 2020
OOOOOOH look - more rich white men sending poor people to shitty jobs.
À gréât day for ur money u liar !!!!
what about the water its gonna cut off to millions of Americans? What about water pollution?
Mr President bring the draft back and send all the gang bangers over there they like killing.
35 permanent jobs. No big deal. $3.3 MILLION to go to Mar-a-Lago. About $22 million so far. Stop lying to We The People.
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2017-11-16/keystone-xl-pipeline-shut-down-after-5000-barrel-spill-south-dakota …

More jobs... great send in the Cleanup Crew!
You can't drink money. Wow, 34 jobs to eventually poison hundreds of thousands. Pipelines fail and so does your signature on this bill.
Great! Now we can look forward increased emissions and more increasingly greater climate change and storms. Ill educated men ignore science
Have to Remember to not get egg in the face over it.Make sure pipeline is not going to leak.Possible a double pipe like double wall tankers
a sad day for Mother Earth
#RESIGN
All 35 of them?
Do something good for W.VA. and the planet...build solar and wind instead of that pipeline that does nothing for the country...canadian oil!
Today, I was pleased to announce the official approval of the presidential permit for the #KeystonePipeline. A grea… htt...
A very sad day for our Environment, pollution, endangering our rivers and resources
THere are other environmental friendly ways for jobs
.look familiar?
Wish I knew more about this.  Hope you were informed properly, I'm gonna assume you were
this will create no jobs and endanger millions leak near water supplies. We should hold  trump  responsibly for accident's.
and the violation of native lands. Well done Mr. President. Thank you for being so sensitive to our native Americans.
You got my support. Doing a great job!
damn why the fuck can't y'all chill

love how the faces of most of em are disappointed and like "dafuq we did". It's fun actually
Have to clean all the shit out of the way the paid protesters left behind first
Have to clean all the shit out
If Donald Trump was really doing a bad job the libtards would be silent. The more they jump up an down the better I know he is doing.
to be a good president
Only 35 permanent ones once it's built.  Temporary jobs are just that...
Everytime I see those yellow curtains I think of #goldenshowers
All 35 of them.
jobs are needed Mr. Trump.  Given that, please watch over the environment as the pipeline progresses.
But not for equality and feminism looking at your photo Mr President.
RU including new recipe guides on how to make coffee/tea/ramen with oil-polluted water
no you fool
Well Done As Usual Mr. President! Here in Texas, We love you, you Family, and the Great Job you're doing to Put USA back to Number One
what about the urge oil spill??
BIG mistake. Alternative energy sources are the future. FunFact:Fracking is causing OK to have more earthquakes than CA.
All 117 jobs... but LOTS of Russian steel.  Well done, Donny
Anything to hurt America this Archie Bunker SEAT HOLDER pleased to do.Our cities will look like Beijing during Olympics
You're contributing to the destruction of the environment on American soil. Leave a clean America for my generation and future generations
35 jobs.
Hmm: Foreign oil over our land through Russian steel to a southern port shipped to foreign lands. Jobs? Energy independence? #AmericasWorst
When are we getting a REAL president?! #drumpf #classless #tinyhands #tiredofwinning #orangechicken
RAH, RAH, RAH! BigStinky cut another YUGE FART!
Pipelines are NOT safe!
"We are eager to see how they will demonstrate new pipelines are safe & that we must accept" http://www.nationalobserver.com/2016/04/04/news/transcanada-shuts-down-keystone-after-oil-seeps-surface …
http://www.labor4sustainability.org/articles/pipeline-climate-disaster-the-keystone-xl-pipeline-and-labor/ …

#climatechange
Good bye clean water. I hope you family doesn't need to drink water anymore.
- You sir are a fool to even say that the presidential approval of the #KeystonePipeline is a great day for America.  #MAGA? You suck at it.
you're very good at screwing this country and it people over
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
The pipeline will only create short term jobs. Pipeline made with steel from China. Not a great day Mr. President.
MELANIA HAS NEW FLYER OUT.... making tea/coffee/ramen with oil polluted water. send sase to mr. 44 and 1/2. at white house
great work, Mr President.
Yeah Temp jobs. You suck
POTUS ANNOUNCES His buddies will make millions for a short time until pipeline fails & they file bankruptcy and walk away
You forget about the danger to people.  BAD PLAN.
Sad day for resource management and sustainability of natural resources.
How many of us Indians are you going to kill for those thirty-five jobs?
Great day to pollute the water.
Very bad idea. Only 50 permanent jobs. You can't fool us. No more pipelines. Replace fossil fuel with alternatives.
really, a disaster in motion. Even do using Russian Steel instead American. Shame on you. Revert this decision and resign
Desecration of sacred land and threatening the water source for millions for 35 permanent jobs?? You sir, are abhorrent and SUCK at math.
Few jobs and you are moving us backward, not forward.
Fossil fuel is a dinosaur. The future is clean renewable energy. You will be remembered for great harm you caused our planet #NoKeystone
Which was not made with American steel you are a liar and a cheat
#TrumptraintoRussia
- No American made pipes - using Russian made instead, and the oil is for export, NOT American use!!! Incredible con job!
Good job Mr president. Long over due
A grand total of 35 new jobs and 1000000000000 gallons of pollution making millions sick gradually #TrumpRussia #Trumpcare #MAGA #KeystoneXL
It only creates 35 permanent jobs. BFD
What a foolish, foolish move! Our environment is lost. There is a reason Obama wouldn't sign this pipeline deal. Try investigating first.
About 35 permanent jobs? Your such a negotiator for the people!
American Steel?
all 35 of them?
35 jobs and pollution.  Of course you gain as an investor but America loses.
You k ow the US government has never made a treaty with the indigenous people of that region? That it is still their land?
What fuck are you shooting us for with satellites if it is also you a satellites owner! Stop shooting my stomach! Or my side!
#pathetic
Terrible day for the safety of American health
Loving this n everything else your doing 
Next, you need to get the nasty a** school food out that the last people put in
PLEASE PLEASE
Good job we're going to sell our American steel
#StandingWithStandingRock
What Evil comes This Way
And Russian steel
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA LOOK AT A MAP OF ALL THE PIPELINES IN THE UNITED STATES GOOGLE IT AND THEN TELL ME WHAT PIPELINE YOUR TALKING ABOUT.
Steel for those pipelines was purchased years ago, President Trump had nothing to do with these pipelines, except to get them completed
First thing I noticed... All white men.
too bad if you like coffee/tea/ramen cooked in clean water. you will be SOL
what's your cut from the sale of the dirty shale oil, because we aren't using it. CHA CHING
Indians were the first one here.  How about their rights??
Sad day for our country & American Indians aka Native Americans #cleanwater #cleanair  NO more pollution!
The oil wouldn't even be for us. They want to sell it to China. Built with Russian steal. How's this making America great?
Steel
Oh my mistake, I wasn't aware that Americans worked at Chinese steal plants #hypocrite
Terrible day. Dangerous pipeline will leak and ruin water. And you promised US steel and then backed out! Lie #118. #LiarinChief
why don't u work on tax decreases for the middle class & poor!
maybe for some people not for all the people you put off their land You're heartless and only care about immediate approval
it's really sad that inside your self esteem is so low that you lie and downgrade others for an applause. #NotMyPresident
someone please run the pipeline by Mar-A-Lago, perfect place for an oil spill to drain the swamp
how do you sleep at night???
sad
who cares abt more land stolen from Native Americans who claim this violates their access to clean water & cultural sites?
and still no American steel
How is it good for "American jobs" when u have already allocated the jobs, not to American steel workers, but to a Russian steel oligarchy?
Is this a lie like u promising using American steel?
It will never happen!  #WaterisLife
More white guys in dark suits.
I know you don't care but we like clean drinking water. and the pipes aren't even american and the jobs are tempory. SAD
