Our problem is not Security, it is Traitors that leak our security !
Yep, like loosey goosey Hillary Clinton, she helped all of ours enemies hack into ours government.
OK I can agree with this one, as long as it helps AMERICA

Keep protecting us, Sir! 
Except for backdoor for Putin hackers
Yep, thanks for reminding us of what Hillary did for us with hers loosey goosey private server, Miss placed laptops and blackberry cellphones, seems she help all of ours enemies get in front, back and sideways into ours security.
Take back internet control that Obama gave away.
The biggest joke ever we at annonamous are laughing at you and you executive orders that mean absolutely nothing anymore
http://m.me/CosaNosaHitt 
Why do you insist on calling a press release an executive order?
Because if he didn't you would be demanding answers as to why he's trying to hide if from the public eye.
I'm soooo tired of the winning.
Its about time! What a relief
someone should be checking The Secret Service Agents on duty during the meetings with the Russians.
The worst

'Presidential Executive Order on Strengthening the Cybersecurity of Federal Networks and Critical Infrastructure'… https...
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
turns out the mara Lago security system is 15 years old and spends only a fraction of what camp David does on security.
It is just stupid. A nation strive to attain knowledge, but the president, just seat & signed what is called an order to be.
Call for volunteers to help with cyber security too,  Retired seniors will probably do it for nothing but a SocSec supplement would go far.

I am going to delight in watching the next POTUS undo ALL of your pile of executive orders since you can't get any legislation passed!
Nutzi is what Nutzi Fascist Democrap's Liberal idiots spews Nonsense Stupidities everywhere.
I love it, good work!
Keep fighting TRUMP,F#*k them,Hillary and obama you should go after, There behind it all and the left. There not going to stop,so fight back
If you're successful you'll put yourself in jail.
Just like Bill Belecheck, " Do Your Job" 
Careful, he will tell his comrades where the back doors are! #idontstandbyanythingxceptrussia
We need to secure you out the front door.....
Grab 'em by the pussy. You can do anything.
When are you going to legislate? So far your loosing. Signing papers doesn't take much effort or negotiating.
porn
a cluelessly babbling moron
should keep his smeary pussy-grabbing fingers out of
topics he spells even worse than "justice" & "constitution.
How's about an executive order to keep you out of the office....impeach
too much stupid
Doesn't matter if you spill the beans to Russians in your office
Putin offers to release meeting transcript Putin: as trustworthy Trump-not at all Putin's protecting his purchase
Any chance u could issue an executive order to shut your mouth!!
Total waste just like you Donald!
Lock up Hillary that would be the best for cyber security
Lock her up
Seem well.
Best action of this group would be to take away your security clearance. We'd all be a lot safer.
Must read
CNN is such a ''deep throat'' liars
What's the point?  You'll give the info to our enemies anyway.
What to stop your people from giving g the Russians all the States secrets?
YOU SHOULD HAVE DONE THIS BEFORE YOU CHEATED TO GET WH!
Trying to keep someone from hacking you and finding out all the dirty stuff you've done and releasing it to the public!
Don't be shy with the money on this one and they need a smart monitor to check off where the money is being used needs to be done smart.
Felix Satter is one of your crooked buddies. They're on to you, tRump.

In the mean time the left still doesn't have any ideas still doesn't have any solutions and still doesn't have any leadership. What a waste.
How about some duct tape over your mouth when you talk to Russians.
Cheap, big fix.
#DONkeyHole #POSOTUS
MAINSTREAM MEDIA IS NOT REPORTING THIS MR PRESIDENT. ANOTHER EXAMPLE OF WHY YOU NEED TO DO A "FIRESIDE CHAT" 21ST CENTURY STYLE
Don't waste our money on a made up issue. People need healthcare, education, jobs.
I will say it, Republicans are stupid, weak suck ups. Too stupid to realize these town hall meeting protests r Dems. @HouseGOP @republicans
Trump needs to move forward, @TheDemocrats are gonna hate regardless. Don't give these Dems the time of day! @RepMacArthur
#Goodbye #WindowsXP
You LITERALLY look like you just rolled around in Mac and cheese powder
U might rethink the idea of shared systems-don't further weaken your defenses based on a hopeful idea to move to a shared cloud resource
BUILD THE WALL! Deport all ILLEGALS as promised!!!
Anything with your name cannot, by definition, contain "integrity"
very nice, I would have made her dress blue. very nice, I would have made her dress green.... even better mr. prez... no dress at all
Great!!!!
My words are being tampered with " it tom mote.,and lous stean jsckson and moe howard' and mickey'. And david geche the fake
Husband of adams family who tried to rape my wife'feminu kumari' akias carolyn Jones.. He came here as a woman about 7 months ago.
Shapeshifted as soil meets neets. I recognized him . It happened before". Hes alsona adolph gudolphy hitler'. Hes atracking me via
A satellite attachment'. Lois steen Jacksin has my cloke. If  knowone else can get to it" i can. It wont stop me'. I zues she's not even
With a badge i can defeit any if them inclyding cathy' if it was nessarsary agsinst my cloke. I'm who i say i am thats why'. There not'.
That use to be my desk'. Uts westinghouse.
Heres a executive order (idiot): "to force law enforcent to act on all criminality" and not just what they "want to". #nomorebias
With respect Mr #Trump perhaps this action will prevent outside involvement by the Russians in out next election.
Man, you are insane in the brain!
And how is that going to work? You already signed a bill selling out the American people in that providers can sell our information.
A day late and a $1 short. Worldwide cyber attack yesterday. Can you fix this so it will not happen here at least again?
hey what about Russia way the dog
Thanks boss another day of strengthening America
I thought you said EO's were unconstitutional.

#NotASmartCookie 
#Nefarious 
#jailTime4JaredandIvanka
#HighCrimes
You need to straighten out your son-in-law and Ivanka. Your presidency is not about their liberal adgenda.

It's interesting, Donnie, how you critized the former president for excessive Executive Order usage. All you do and it accomplishes nothing.
You're the best #мошенника
Doing this to protect your own ass ?
None of this means anything unless you fund it with money, money that needs to come from the rich, republican stooges!
Ah you sure love those EO's so much more than your Predecessor. No shame in your EO game, amiright Sporto?

Well ......... that worked well? Perhaps the Ransomware global attack was started in another autistic child's bedroom? Ho ho ho
Wittle Donnie's remedial tutors close at hand.....
Those who support Trump will go down in the history as anti-Americans.
Did u get permission from Putin. I Don't think he's going to be on board with this. Check yourself b4 your wreck yourself....oops, too late
What a waste of time and money...there is no voter fraud.....SAD
#MakeAmericaGayAgain
Wow, how many executive orders is that now?  NOT believing you is a no brainer.
If they were trying to pin the tail on Russia to fit their political ideology they may have done good work instead it's a witchhunt!!
Amen! It's very clear listening to our top officials they do not know what they're doing so this is very much needed!!
Well too little too late!
Enacting cyber orders from Putin, Lavrov & Kislyak, Mr. Fake President? So sad you've sold out America. #hacked #russia
Look people. Trump signed his name on a sheet of paper. One more step closer to the Singularity!
How many lap boys, does the POTUS have?
If freedom-loving Americans can't freely mock a soulless, fetus-fixating lemming like you, then the terrorists have already won.
COLORING BETWEEN THE LINES???
RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA
Hackers launched RANSOMWARE :)
Report Trump's tweets as spam, harmful, degrading, offensive or misleading. See the arrow in the top right hand corner of each of his tweets
You usually say the opposite of what you mean, so does this mean you're handing the entire thing over to the Russians?
Yes... strengthen security but pay no attention to net neutrality laws.  If there is money in that...quickly give that up to corp greed
No
And you appoint as the chair a guy who's been sued four times for voter suppression, and lost every time; ACLU 4, Kobach 0.  So predictable.
what have u done for us Big 0
So let it be written
@realDonaldTrump #lie #lies #lie #lie #lie #lies #lie #lier #lie #lie #lies #lie #lie #lie #lies #lie #lies #lie #lies #lie #lie #lie #lies
What happened everyone is getting hacked
Can you read That? SAD!!!!!
SEND IT #REGISTERED MAIL
You just like signing things to feel important #Ifeelyoutewrong
You mean taking our internet rights away
cyber security will be better with kinder surprise eggs
You seem to have forgotten that the GOP voted to sell our online data to the highest bidder just last month. #idiot #hypocrite #impeachTrump
You sign too many Executive Orders and not enough laws, in spite of having a GOP dominated Congress. Shame on you!!!
TOM CELLUCI'S BRAVATEK ECRYPTONE WILL SOLVE U.S GOV PROBLEM WITH HACKING. PEOPLE WILL APPLAUDE INCLUDING YOUR HATERS(DEMS).
Help you
Come on! You didn't write that! You don't know what those words mean! No 'pussy' or BAD in there
Thank you for working so hard. Ignore the media. God bless you and keep you safe.
Impressive! Did @IvankaTrump help you spell the big words? #TinyHands
Buy NSA pencils,papers,file cabinets & get computers away from them. Let them turn in requests 2 some high-school geeks. Much safer
Keep going POTUS! I'm so proud of what you are doing?
