Wow you better prep diligently for this hard-hitting interrogation!
He has such a biased opinion he should not even be on the air. He is ridiculous.
Richard goodstein just refferred to WJC as a traitor for giving a speech for money in Russia!!!!
I will be interviewed by @TuckerCarlson tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!...
I'll enjoy it if you tell Tucker you're keeping your DACA promise you made while campaigning.  Your supporters are turning on you for lying.

BREAKING! 56% say #Trump “tearing the country apart” @FoxNews #Poll MORE: http://fxn.ws/2vtowCl  
I will be sure to tune in - never miss an interview with President Trump 
pathetic useless man. HaHa your attempt at national racism & religious persecution fails again. Epic fail, just like you!
they always blame someone - you are the best thing that's happened to the USA since JF Kennedy
Given the left wing bias of our major news media, No news is good news!
B.O.R.I.N.G
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
Hay
Fake News cheesedoodle
, thanks for the post I'm impressed that you and your daughter are serving our country without pay.
let's go to Kabol tonight
@greybeard411 @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews We love you!
play tape that what you do
the only time I will enjoy you on tv is the coverage of you being removed from office!
No, shan't D:
@DoriSuazo @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews is that Fox Favourable News Trumpty ? 
Fox Spews. The tits and ass network of fake news & softball questions.
Hope you include abolishing tax on social security income for seniors in your tax bill. You are doing a great job.
Pl create a balance between Dr's earnings and Patient's fee. Dr's over charge.Failing Medicare.
Please sign an executive order sending all new refugees from Muslim nations to Hawaii. The have taken none and need some.
@CarmineCourtne1 front rowseat 
Trump awesom, carlson a joke ....no worthy questions and much pretentiousness on carlson's part
trial of d century? Like d @Enquirer magazine brought out d John Edwards story!! #Howaboutthat?
What's d deal w/d @Enquirer magazine headlines? They say Pres Obama's surveillance of U will be d
you're the best Benedict Donald!
looks like the Liberty Caucus are "sheep, Demos, in wolf's clothing, GOP, trying to kill your bill
keep pushing the limits of the world
devin nunes fake news why would one ruin the trust of those he works close with.. fishy W.H. Sad trump!
#fakenews
I'm soooo tired of waking up to your bs everyday when does it end Americas a big joke to you right?
E verify needs to be used
. Enjoy? Cannot stand the sight of you.
I'm just not believing we are that stupid with all these trump Russians connects, lets stop playing and call it what it is
so a bunch of trump people are associated with the Russians lie about it. And here we are Americans playing stupid!
#presidentpedofile
LYING FAKE NEWS
Welcome to the president's, visit to china.
Wow, two douchebags together at the same time. It will be hard for us to decide who we hate more.
Maga March Sat.in Indianapolis, In.in support for Trump & Pence...will be marching...
Tell us lies, tell us sweet little lies!
watched it it was great
good job
Sorry I missed that, not sorry.
President Clown on air tonight people! Prepare for more of the nations biggest joke
awesome interview!
fox is fake news maybe your deplorable fans will watch you
The fake news king on Faux News being interviewed by conspiracy theorist and hater Tucker Carlson
Interviewed? More like fawned over.
should be interviewed by @seanhannity    Tucker is on the other side remember
trying to drum up rating
You will be on your own TV while on TV while on ur own TV while on TV while... #DonaldMindBlown.
I think this interview is tied to the fake news rant Tucker is real good friends with the real fake news
spew more bullsit!?
@zendirajo @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews 
is Fox News not fake because they peddle your shit!?!  #fake president
could we skip it and say we saw it ? this man literally makes my skin crawl
thanks for the warning!  
Fire Comey now
no thank you. I'll be enjoying my root canal so much more 
- can't watch Fox. Fake news.
who cares
Yeah, Tucker Carlson. Whoopee. Afraid of CNN? YOU might have to straight talk for a change. LOL
no thanks
Trump why don't you put your big boy pants on and be interviewed by a top reporter from ABC NBC CBS
And in that interview, you admitted to be screwing over ur followers. Ur a bad (sic) guy!
one big circle jerk
Enjoy? Pfft. Narcissist.
it was fabulous
.@realDonaldTrump you need to apologize for this whole bogus wire taping lie. The people and President Obama are waiting to hear you do it.
.@realDonaldTrump @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews you were so laughable in this interview. You are just a pathological liar. You make all up.
When will you be interviewed by a credible news source? Can't take real journalism ey? #sad
Two douchebags in one show!
Didn't see the interview. Couldn't bear the thought of you two 69'ing on national television.
I didn't realize the President needed to advertise?
#fakenewsfox
good I'll miss it
fox is fake
Tucker has a Boy Scouts sincerity and asked questions I wanted answers. Good interview.
and!!!
clown
Fake News Fake President
I will only enjoy it the same way I enjoy my first shit after eating MRE's for a week... Painful, but so glad it will be over soon.
didn't watch...my shows were on
looking forward to your next lies that u can then have Spicer & Conway try to explain
Wow! Good thing I hste Fox and blocked that channel

You couldn't think of a book you've read recently?  How about EVER?  READ! Learn things!
"enjoy"? Seriously you think that highly of your self? #resist
how we know real trump.Twitter
I will watch your resignation and that is it because #45IsCompromised by #Russia. #resign
thank God for March madness. .
nothing but more lies and bullshit
On FAKE News? Congratulations.
I was watching!  Great interview.
I don't watchTucker anymore. He has become the Megyn Kelly of Fox. He became her not replaced her.
Why not real news nbc, cnn, abc, fox is not news it's a tabloid.
Everybody who voted for are calling you a liar,and they hate they voted for you .Betraying American
what I'll enjoy is when u r no longer interviewed at all!...bcuz u will no longer be POTUS!
Several fact checkers conclude Fox New is correct only 20% of the time. Are you in the other 80%?
Great. An idiot interviewing an assbag. Enjoy, indeed.
you are such a foolish old man.
you should point out how the opposition tries to make chaos of everything see Mr and Mrs Pence and special Olympic
enjoyed seeing you behaving stupidly.
"fake news "
lob those softballs!
Are you all about entertainment?!

Why would Fox interview you? You get al your fake news from them!
missed it. I'll tune in to you're impeachment.
NOPE!! NEVER watch "fake news"!
hey! He's the guy who hates Trump Care!
saw it and was super
Fox News’ Napolitano got his British Intelligence conspiracy theory from Russian state media. 
No one cares what you say!
You were awesome on WW too. Everyday you make me happier that I voted for you. #ImwithYou
(here comes crazy... )
Tell me on the show how billionaires have any clue about real issues. Get some real working Americans, that are not out of touch
great interview!
.@realDonaldTrump @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews enjoy?
I would rather sit on a cactus
Never enjoy you
I'm going to enjoy myself doing anything but watching/listening to Donald. Hot waxing preferable.
it's called a tongue bath Donnie. You're too chicken to face Rachel Maddox!
where you doubled down on Trumpgate and the so-called bugging.
Do you hate Obama that much that you'r hurting all Americans? student debt, ssi, homes, etc. Gone. For what?  #CHILDISH
COULDN'T PAY ME TO WATCH YOU! NAUSEOUS!
Mr. @TuckerCarlson a good-force w/ #Fair (Truthful) Reporting to US #Citizens.& @LouDobbs is A+ #Newsman. #DTS! #NONeoCons!
When are you going to go on a real news show??
you need to stop tweeting!
Oh you mean the dip shit with the bowtie? Nobody cares! 
@Nigel_Farage @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews *note. Don't ask about Ivana and police. Trump might accuse you of menstruating. True
http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/court-docs-reveal-donald-trump-cruel-treatment-ivana-article-1.2796179 …

'"But, she later recanted..,"

*Power of money on the weak.
I for one can’t wait for the next absurdity from you.  Prepare the next congressional investigation
Wow that sucked.
if people from other nations have the same rights as Americans, why not sign them up for healthcare
@ Fell on your face, didn't ya? We aren't buyin it! 
two bafoons on #fauxnews   3 lies do not equal a truth.
Well that was just embarrassing for you. I mean, if you had any shame.
Tucker makes too many distracting faces, while the interviewee is answering his question. No
