He's lying. Koch brothers funded Cassidy's election. Now Koch bros vow to fund GOP if they pass this bill. Cassidy sacrificing people for 
Rich people*
Liar, liar, liar, liar, liar, liar, liar, liar, liar, liar, lir, liar, liar, liar, liar, liar, liar, liar, liar, liar, liar, pants on fire!
I absolutely agree! @BillCassidy has done everything to get this great bill over the finish line! Donated $50 to his reelection campaign.
Then why is he supporting you?
Liars. Liars. Liars. Liars. Ins companies and Pharma have bought off Doctor-Politician. Give all Americans healthcare like you promised.
Dismiss All Obummers holdovers now ! Putting that nicely SIR. Fire their 's Please
Medicare for all!
So how many congressmen are getting kickbacks from your friends? Face it Trumpcare does not sound as good as ACA.
Fuck you
Reported





Make the lie big, make it simple, keep saying it, and eventually, they will believe it.
Adolf Hitler
Tell a lie loud enough and long enough and people will believe it.
Adolf Hitler
It was actually Josef Goebbels...
of course
He obviously lies, as do you
He lied read the bill and go back and see what Cassidy said to kimmel he lied to his face with this bill
Have you asked @BillCassidy why he lied to Jimmy Kimmel? 
I'm pretty sure more patients will be killed by SENATOR @BillCassidy than Dr. @BillCassidy

Please , if your mouth is moving you're lying!  He's heavily funded by Insurance lobby groups! Americans are not stupid
He doesn't understand his own bill.
Saying a politician doesn't lie is like saying poop doesn't stink.
ALL DOCTORS OPPOSE THIS BILL.
He's a liar. You're  a liar. Everyone in your administration lies. We don't believe anything you say. Not now. Not ever. ITS MUELLER TIME.
He seems to have created a system which will reduce the number of his consumers. By 32 million. Cares about people? Not when they'll die.
Not one not one medical group is in favor of this. WHY. Cuz he is a LIAR
Maybe you could learn something from him (you know, the "not lying" thing).
All @BillCassidy wanted was the spotlight, but when it came to an actual plan he chose to screw over Americans & their healthcare. #SaveACA
And Moore running 4 gvr in Alabama totes a pistol in public. No to Moore.  Go to Vegas too,  lazy
You just want to repeal Obamacare because his name is on it. It's all an ego trip for you!!! You don't really care about it!!!
And your plan is?
@BillCassidy 

FYI:
And they laughed, smiled and patted each other on the back. And Trump continues to chip away at the ACA. There is a special circle of hell just for the GOP. ENJOY! 
At first I thought it said Bill Cosby xD
He may not but that is all you do!!!  NO DACA NO ILLIGAL MEXICANS GET RID OF THE RAG HEADS & Any other that in not AMERICA CITIZEN
Did you READ HIS BILL????  Do you read ANY BILL???
I have no faith in a president who says "Nambia's health system is increasingly self-sufficient." You know NOTHING about heathcare.
And, your plan is?
I'm not Congress so it's not my job to devise a plan. But I live in Japan, which has universal health care, and it's marvelous.
If you endorse him, then we KNOW he’s a lying POS just like you.
Sounds like the polar opposite of you!
You lie so much. My patients and neighbors and friends are going to suffer because of your maniacal plans. God save us from your evil.
Pathetic white guys with penis envy issues. Face the fact Porky Putin, President Obama is better than you in every way. You can't erase him!
Parents’ anguish as thermal scanner shows signs of life in collapsed Mexico school – rescuers cannot reach children
You know who will suffer the most? "Deplorables" will. Opioid addiction coverage is out. Medicaid slashed. Your supporters need both
What makes you think we need that?
Statistically Trump's 34% base are Medicaid recipients & live in the states with the highest opioid addiction levels.
I would like to know the source of this info. Not buying any of it!
Read!
According to me, this tweet is reminiscent of this one from November 2013: https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/400944844904095744 …
Both Sens Graham & Cassidy are misleading Americans about their h/c bill. They say pre-existing conditions are covered; they are but... 1/
Please get DOJ on the corruption destroying America #DraintheSwamp
GM Ten! And all great patriots!!! Another day with MAGA on the docket! Semper Fi!
U do realize that he is a huge joke right? He will come down as the worst president of all time..
That's already happened...obama much? Complete failure. No one will ever be as low as old Barry...Trump will be revered as the best Pres evr
As opposed to Trump? List his achievements with facts... If u r able to
DACA? Cracked down on NK & isis? U gotta check the meme dude
POLL 

Should obama care be repealed and replaced??

Vote below and RETWEET!!
MAKE AMERICA WEALTHY AGAIN!!
You mean make you and your tich buddies more wealthy. When the middle class  goes away whose going to buy your cheaply made products?
...that are made in China?
Imagine That! Allowing DOCTORS, not Obama Bureaucrats make decisions about Healthcare laws!
President Trump is returning America to a FREE-MARKET healthcare system where Americans can get affordable, high quality care!
Unless you've had a pre-existing condition - no more care for you. Or you hit a "lifetime cap" - no more care for you.
You (moron) should delete your twitter (account)
got me good with this one odin
oh, I'm sure you got Mr. President Trump with yours as well. LoL..
lol indeed.
Hope to your see around, besides it's social media, who takes this shit seriously? Have a good night.
What? Trump Deathcare is obviously the exact opposite of what you are saying. Instead of pushing BS, why don't you go and actually read it.
You're making an assumption that a) he CAN read, and b) he can comprehend.
No kidding. Be nice if Porkchop could read, or at least have someone explain the Bill to him. Drrrrr. Nice, promoting something that sucks!
He has spent his life promoting things that suck: casinos, steaks, scam university,  shitty reality show......
Amazing to me that he can't play "in the field" always skating on the edge with scams that he attempts to con everyone with.Some fall for it
I think that's what led to running for president.   He WANTS to be legitimate/respected, but everything he does verifies he's not capable
Exactly!A lifetime of cons and scams.Searching for a way to be legit. But still resorts to payoffs,threats, cons/scams to get a bill through
Stupid part is that he simply doesn't get that his agenda to ripoff taxpayers and pocket the cash with other rich people not appreciated!
I do remember when Cassidy said that pre-existing conditions wouldn't cause an increase in premiums.
Cassidy is just another fraud who wants to overturn everything that Obama did just like you
How about just fixing Obama care rather than trying to completely repeal it and replace it with garbage?
Like Obama said, Obamacare isn't perfect. It can be fixed so fix it for gods sake.
They don't want to fix this. They want to get even. The hate and vindictiveness at expense of a nation is incredible. They R assassin crew
agree so why not have the Senate  and Congress  have the same health care as the rest of us. Make them use Obama care and see how fast it
The mere fact he is endorsed by you is only further proof. #BS
That's great news Mr. President!  Does that mean he'll vote against the horrible bill he wrote?
Who dat beeeee
No he's not
Please Mr Trump look at your gun laws.
#WorstPresidentEver
You're not a class act. Resign.
but u do not want to help people unless they stand for your flag it is conditsional
Liar.
There’s actually 5 lies in your tweet. Trump’s new personal best?
*cracks knuckles*
Hi, people who follow @realDonaldTrump! FYI. Cassidy's bill would throw at least 32 million Americans off insurance.
Says who?
Then ask the people of they want this bill - NO!!!
That's a good joke! 
he is lying and so are you.  Anyone who read it knows costs skyrocket and nothing covered.
You are clueless.  Millions would lose insurance, pre-existing conditions could make insurance unaffordable!  Bad for the people! Just evil!
That's quite an impressive list of healthcare organizations denouncing the latest Trumpcare incarnation!  Doesn't that tell you anything?
Have you read it? I doubt so.
Maybe he doesn't lie, but YOU do!
Obviously that's a lie because you said he doesn't lie but you ALWAYS lie.
Please explain why Alaska is offered the opportunity to continue with ACA but only IF Lisa Murtkowski (so?) votes to repeal ACA...WTF?
This healthcare sucks..... Obamacare rocks!
Trump bull shit haa haa idiot .
Yes he just wants to help people remove their hard earned tax $$ into the pockets of the 1%
More evidence the #heathbill is a piece of crap. Perhaps you find that term offensive,  https://twitter.com/thehill/status/911036343664484352 … @MariaTCardona @Amy_Siskind
#BREAKING: All 50 Medicaid directors come out against GOP bill to repeal ObamaCare http://hill.cm/h25skCt  
You don't even have a CLUE whats in the HEALTHCARE bill you r pushing for. Learn to read cuz Cassidy is lying like a GD rug!
Bitch you don’t even know the difference between @IvankaTrump and @FLOTUS
If he wants to help people this would be a strange way to show it.  This bill hurts, actually kills people.  a cruel bad bill.
Rouhani says Iran will strengthen its missile capabilities: state TV
Clearly that is a lie!
Republican death care dies, thank you John mcain
"dotard" Period.
Sick how can you block someone with cancer for trying to tell you how your healthcare bill could kill her

bullshit
All 50 States Medicaid directors have rejected the bill
BREAKING: The bipartisan Medicaid Directors from all 50 states just issued this negative statement about Graham-Cassidy.…
You either have read it and are lying, or haven’t read it and are just making shit up.  Which is it? @SenJohnMcCain don’t let us down
Which people the 1% or the 99%? Seems to me he had 99 problems!
There are a few class act republicans You & Cassidy are not one of them Give up & fix the ACA
Funny how you have say he doesn't lie because he was caught clearly lying on national TV.

Laura has stage 4 cancer-she spoke out against the bill then Trump blocked her–Please retweet her video reply below. 
Please Donnie, read the bill before you say anything else. Cassidy has NO interest in the health of America.
What? Help them to die? No he lied--I heard him and I saw him with my own eyes and ears.  NO class act behaves that way.
You really ought to S top telling lies that can be fact checked.
Liar.
Jimmy Kimmel would disagree with you!  Sorry more lies!  Cmon fatassss....when can we wrassle for charity?  POTUS
I guess your word is true!!!

That's your opinion.  Everybody knows he's lying shill.
He lies and you lie. NO ONE supports this version of Trumpcare. You're killing Americans. #NotMyPresident #ImpeachTrump #TrumpResign
BS
https://www.facebook.com/NowThisPolitics/videos/1713309898700493/ …
In other words, the exact opposite of you.
He was paid millions ass-wipe
Did you read the part about states being able to opt out of pre-existing conditions???
He doesn’t READ Manny!
Cassidy and you are big liars!! You are trying to actually kill people! We won't let you! #GrahamCassidy
President Trump blocked a woman with stage 4 cancer on Twitter. 

Here’s her response: 
Who knew that helping people means my spouse will not have affordable health insurance.

When u have to say someone "doesn't lie", usually you are the 1 lying...  which is of course what u spend most of ur time doing. #Obamacare

More lies from you too Donnie
Yes.  I am a Democrat, and I almost hope the bill passes.  Americans NEVER FORGET HOW TO TREAT RAPISTS! (Republicans 2018/ 2020)
Exactly.  An Act of deceit.
No real Dr. would come up with this plan. He is an Undertaker, wants more business putting people in the ground. Murderer.
Bull pucky!!!!!
Obviously not.   His bill is light on the healthcare and heavy on the tax cuts for the insurance & drug companies.
You're definition of "class act" is probably different from the majority of the country.
Crooked politicians will have blood on their hands when they kill millions of people with this evil bill if it passes
I thought the only one who doesnt lie was put on the cross.
Not with that bill! You lie!
He lied to @jimmykimmel . Or he's dumb. Which is it, Mr. President?
Lmao- when a lier says someone doesn't lie... Lmao
You need to know for sure he is not ignoring the facts because this will be "Trump care "you will own it

@BillCassidy is a joke!  He lied to the American people & continues to lie to them!  He should give up his government funded healthcare!
No...just the rich, entitled white ones.
Always convincing when you have to emphasize 'he doesn't lie'. Really adds credibility. Bigly
Bullshit!
Donald, WHERE ARE THOSE TAX RETURNS? The American people are still waiting....We haven't forgotten
He doesn’t care about people(like you), and he DOES lie, also like you.  Class act?  More like Ass Crack,both of you.
Liar
DT -- good character reference ?? LIARS lie -- just saying. "Doctor" Bill Cassidy is the evil kind.  DOWN to LIES & pretty soon running ??
says the man who lies
Why do you want Americans to die?
Class Act? Not quite.  @BillCassidy is willing to be deceptive to obtain taxpayer $ or political gain


@BillCassidy
You tweeted this is a "Great Bill" well is isn't #Trumpcare "cruel" "ends #Medicaid" bad for elderly & disabled. Oh wait u think ins $12/yr
He does lie!!! You can't read a book by it's cover. Most Republicans don't care about the people. There are a few that do care very much.
So sad u hv not read this bill.  States like TX wl loose  pre-x, maternity, etc unless group plan. Medicaid ends 2026 & wl KILL our elderly
It kills healthcare for millions and destroys existing funding. It will kill people. Legions of insurance and medical experts agree on this!
He lies like you do. He doesn't GAF about people. Period
What a sales pitch!  Translation: this guy doesn't lie - but everyone else does... including me and I'm lying right now about him not lying.
From one class act to another, right.  Oh I'm sorry - I meant from one ass hat to another.
he only cares about screwing middle-class, poor & elderly. Same as you!!!!
That doesn't help when we have a #FakeFraudulentPrez45 who won't change & is too stupid to know what he's doing.
SillyD, why should we believe you? You lie more than any politician in US history. RESIGN!
Donald, you, of all people, saying someone doesn't lie is not reassuring.  GOP wants this bill to pass because rich donors demand tax cuts.

@BillCassidy BULLSHIT. But then what would you know about a "class act."
M  coming y
Both of you liars, liars, pants on fire! Shame on you.
Sir, I saw the part of the Bill that where the elderly & those with existing medical problems will suffer greatly, Please review this
Anyone you support makes a whole lot of people suspicious of his credibility.
Bullshit
Why don't you and the administration have the same coverage since it is such a great plan for the American people.
https://amp.livescience.com/58185-autism-research-threatened-by-new-policies.html …
Coming from a man with very little credibility @POTUS @ussenate
I think he fails the "First do no harm" test.
Then why is @BillCassidy trying to take healthcare from millions. Sounds like he picks Party and money over people. #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
Everyone knows YOU lie and will say anything to get what you want.  You don't care about the people, only your adulation. Bad deal. So sad.
Lies lies lies
It's not just the people of the USA who hate you Mr Trump. Now the whole planet hates you. You are the most hated, reviled man in the world.
There's something I can compare and contrast"he doesn't lie"
If Dr. Cassidy votes to replace Obamacare, he's violating his Hippocratic Oath. Listen to the AMA and Jimmy Kimmel. He doesn't lie.
Really ?
Dump will be hitting kids pretty darn hard with his policies, especially Trumpcare. Too much hypocrisy in the Trump family and in the GOP.
#RESIGN
Healthcare / treatment shouldn't be available . Narcotic pain meds should be paid out of pocket 4 /other options. Not enable drug addiction
Resign before you are impeached. You are delusional.
He only cares about politics he is no doctor, neither are U very sad,
