What do you know about fake news @realDonaldTrump except that u like to create it w/no facts . U still owe @BarackObama an apology. #ConMan
Yeah your'e right you are dishonest.

Would you expext anything less than from these liberal talking head mouth peices, there pethetic
BLACK AMERICANS WAKE UP! Th media is biased! They edit&censor! Trump is for ALL Americans! He may be a lot of things, but he is NOT racist!
NoRooM4FAKEBAKENEWSLOOSE SANDRACULLENSCVPXO
SoTrueMuchTrue
SandraCullENSCXOVP
So breibart is fake news. You use to like them. They don't like you now ha ha ha
The Fake News is becoming more and more dishonest! Even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in Germany is made to look ...
POTUS = Pussy or tits; unashamedly sexist (and racist and stupid and totally fake).
FAKE president

Germany looked like the only real world leader. You know the world has changed when the Germans look good on the world stage. #wtf
No one believes you. Not even your supporters are that stupid.
The best thing is don't engage! But keep tweeting zingers that drive them crazy . I  MY PRESIDENT
Lolllllll no one likes you
You need to have AG order a special prosecutor to investigate Hillary only then will you stop the Liberals Democrats from disrupting
Not dinner that's sinister looking but your private pow wow at dinner w/ the foreign leader who attacked our election. But you knew that.
You need to stop talking to Russia, doing business deals with Russia. If you have nothing to hide then let Mueller finish this investigation
yea I thought that was going to be given a rese for a while, what changed?
You made it look sinister. Wife next to Putin, hand gestures...
Fire Mueller, Mr. President. Your base won't lose a single voter.
You bring the sinister with you.  Hand signals to Putin and treatment of female reporters, wives of other foreign politicians = proof.
Can you read and comprehend?  Nobody said the dinner was sinister.  It was you and your fascination with Putin . That's sinister
For heaven sake.. Trump is @POTUS ! Talking to foreign leaders is his job.. Even Putin! Look up how many times Obama did, wake up and learn!
I subscribed
  Please let me know

For someone who says that the news is fake, you really can't stop talking to them. Ego and a big mouth.
It was the secret meeting with Putin afterwards that's shady and sinister. You should have kept your treasonous arse at the dinner table
You and Nixon..  just can't stop yelling Fake Media.
God you're embarrassing. You're rich. Buy a thesaurus. Use it.
Dishonorable is our definition of our President. You should watch tv they are calling your next moves days before you and their correct. Sad
No, you're hand signals to Putin...those were messed up
What was that hand gesture you made when looking at Putin? Looked like you were mimicking using a Shake Weight, or perhaps something else. 
None of them lies as you do
Leadership is solving problems not creating them.It also includes compromise, diplomacy, unification.This past 6 months is turmoil! 
#Resist
ARE YOU KIDDING ? IT WAS SINISTER ... STOP HIDING YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH  the RUSSIAN MOB DT..
Don't worry MR PRESIDENT we will always support you 
So, why the dinner with Putin? You know the investigation is ongoing, why stoke the fire?
THE ONLY SINISTER PERSON , ITS YOU. 
WAKALA!!!

Your meeting at the dinner was sinister. I can't believe you think you can get away with everything.
Bc u have no honest agenda...stop pretending
The only thing fake is you Donald
You mean dinner for the top 19 + 1
No. Your actions are sinister.
GUILTY, GUILTY, GUILTY,
redemption! Your time should be spent on better things, like unifying the country and setting up a single payer healthcare system! 
you are the dishonest one
Most everything you do is dishonest and sinister. You have thought us to watch you with eagle eyes. You lie and cheat and use people.
Liar.
No, they know and show the real you and that eats away at you! #Resistance
Mr . President.. you better be careful when you go to the restroom..the LEFT will be accusing of something there..they are PRICKS!!
It was SINISTER because YOU are SININTER don Twitler !!! @6abc @nytimes @washingtonpost @AP @maddow @GStephanopoulos
#LiarInChief #TrumpRussia #TrumpAndPutinSittinInATree
BREAKING NEWS: mueller Expands Probe To Include Trump Business Transactions
When you lie and plot with Americas enemies you have no room to call anybody dishonest.  #TraitorTrump  #25thAmendmentNow
Yeah but you snuck off for a quickie with ya Russian bf for an hour
It's not about yo nasty ass steak and ketchup diet, it's about your secret meeting with the Russian president... what did you guys say or do
Obviously you talked about propaganda because that's basically what your entire twitter feed is
How are we supposed to trust a guy that gets lit af in a fire truck like a 5 year old, talking to an ex-KGB spy?
How is he going to lose with the continued Neo-McCarthyism? Talk about REAL SUBSTANTIVE THINGS.
Wait are you trying to tell me what I should be talking about? lol
I'm just saying the Neo-McCarthyism isn't working. Please drop it.
Planned parenthood is not what America stands for shut it down elites find your sick fountain of youth somewhere else besides feeding on
It is sickening what the media is doing to your family. God has chosen you and will see you through. God bless you sir.
$3 in hourly wages since you took office thank you my family thanks you keep up the good work
@realDonaldTrump - all kidding aside, do you not see that everything you do looks sinister?  Years of being a jerk to people will do that...
They should only report on our winning streak: we defeated traitor Comey, gutted the EPA, busy dismantling O'care, killed transparency....
The dinner wasn't sinister but your choices were suspect.
yea its pretty sad.  A rich silver spooned guy like yourself shouldn't have to put up with it. If i were you i would just quit!
Fake election = fake president.  Don't underestimate the people's intense commitment to remove you from office as well as see you convicted.
COLLUSION
because it was - you lie
#NothingBurger

Chicken Littles.
The more they scream, commit  violence, vulgarity, and hatred,  the more Mods and Indies turn!
@realDonaldTrump impeachment is going to be best impeachment. Phenomenal. TV ratings thru the roof, bigly!
#moneylaundering #collusion #MAGA
This is my ever retweet - I feel honoured to use it to say that DT is fakey by accusing this as fake news, as it is blatantly true #fakeprez

Truth:
Our last #POTUS was legit and a leader.
Our current #POTUS is illegit and a total LOSER.
Go back to your tower you #SAD #WEAK #LOSER

Sinister is as sinister does. If you were not so shady and didn't lie every breath there wouldn't be an issue. Except for your con jobs.
Because you are sinister Mr Marmalade
U really R this obtus This effing guy is under investigation by our Intelligence community and is leaving a bloody trial to the woodchipper!
Please make politicians put themselves back in the pool with the American people things will get fixed then

Why don't you fire @jeffsessions if you are so frustrated with him?
President Trump, just read some comments, and you must have fluoride removed from water, does lower IQ.
It wasn't the dinner that looked sinister or suspicious, donald.
The lunch wasn't sinister, the part where you went to talk to Putin using his translator looked sinister.
That is why I don't watch the news because all they talk about is false stuff about you sir! Keep doing great work Mr.President! :D
The media is thriving on CONTROVERSY!It's their breakfast,lunch and dinner.Pays their bills too.They LOVE YOU .You are their meal ticket.
Like $12/year health insurance?
SO WHY DO YOU RUSH TO THE NEW YORK TIMES--your fake news source for your BIG interview!!!  One of the dumbest interviews I've seen.
Yea idk why i mean there not the ones who hacked the election
Excuse me Mr.President if I may um why 
Don't you like Obama Care or the Obama Administration
You are the king of mendacity. How can we trust a man like you? Sad!!!
Sign an Executive order putting Congress on Obumer Care and see how fast they they repeal it.
Have you grounded your boy Jr for releasing his fake emails.  Probably going to make Sessions stand in a corner.
Part 1/3 no disrespect intended  however I wish you would have dinner more here & take care of the issues here in North America......
This is a lie. You've since admitted to meeting with Putin so the Press was right as they try and save our democracy from your evil.
It's a scandal. . . It's an outrage. . . This would be a great plot for a musical staged in Germany. Make it a murder mystery like Clue!
Sinister looking since you had a second meeting in private!
What do you expect from the liberal left? They are insane! Thank you for exposing them to the rest of the world. GO TRUMP!!!
Things often seem "made to look sinister" to delusional people.
Only your dishonest meeting with Putin. You aren't the emperor, nor the king..... everything you do needs to be transparent now.
Fakenews? Did you sit with putin and talk without anyone present? You admitted it. Did you discuss political issues? You admitted it. ...
Really, how can you #LiarInCheif call anyone dishonest? 
Your skills are: 
Lying
Telling Lies
Being a Liar
Eating Cake
Golfing
More Lying
Speaking of dishonest & sinister- WHERE'S YOUR TAXES? #RussianCorruption #PutinsBitch #Spy #Liar #Pig #Failure #25thAmendment
Its time to stop being a fool.
Let investigation proceed as it should (like innocent people would )Instead of trying to have your massive legal team find ways to derail it
You forgot to report it, Buttercup. When the meeting is leaked by a third party, it looks like you're covering it up - which you were.
You have been caught red-handed, #traitor. Again.
@realDonaldTrump 
Don Jr is just like daddy
Lies just as much
Hasn't mastered yet like you
Even world's dumbest are catching on #deplorable
They should check DJT brain that might give us the answers we are so desperately looking for.
Mr President, thanks for standing in gap for us...
#YOU MADE IT SINISTER BY TRYING TO HIDE IT FROM THE PEOPLE. U R JUST GETTING CAUGHT IN SO MANY #LIES
Mueller is going to bring you down. I'll enjoy watching your impeachment and imprisonment. Your shitty kids are going down too.
You know Hillarys State Dept. is the one with the vested interest in maintaining regime change worldwide & will stop at nothing.
#MAGA
Well it will get more dishonest because fake news always comes from the white house, Donald you need to stop publishing Fake News
Did you get the bratwurst?
Keeps winning????  He hasn't done shit. Most of his stuff is unconstitutional. That's why they can't get past the courts. He spends his days


Russia, Russia, Russia
Tell media listeners to call GOP representatives to get off the stick. Dick Morris has Facebook page that backs you. Healthcare one of topic
But why separate meeting again with Putin? Looks like another Treason activities going on between Trump team and Putin.
MSM is the Enemy of the American Citizens.
The fact any leasers in the world are still flying around polluting at all is disturbing. Global warming is real everyone has to stop
No. You made it sinister
I've never seen a "sinister" dinner (unless the lobsters were still thrashing), but your buddying up with old Putin got some choppers moving
We all can see how you break down media because you KNOW they will expose you soon ...We can see
fake news not so fake after all. Facts, you've been caught!!
Saw the clip of you offering Putin a blowjob. How did it go? Did you win? #presidentasshat #ImpeachTrump #TreasonWeasels #25thAmendmentNow
It was that blowjob signal you sent to Putin
Fake news? Hahahaha
No not the dinner, just your long conversation with your puppet-master Putin. How much did you get to sell out America?!?
Saw no evidence of other leaders asking Vlad for a lap dance.
Mr President Mueller should be fired. Not seeking justice. Seeks to harm your presidency. He surrounds himself with swamp people. God Bless
Well Donald if it looks like a duck and quacks like a duck then it is sinister.
How stupid can you be to not know that you should never have met w/Putin alone. A 5-year-old knows better

Protocol, shmotocol. Right Donnie? After all, you used all of your bigly words and your keen negotiation skills to get what THEY want.
Sessions is a HERO. Trump is a ZERO.
We real Americans love you. Keep up the good work. We believe #MAGA!
The only thing sinister about that meeting was the look on Putin's face as you spilled the beans to him.
Not even close to FAKE PROPAGANDA frm U, Ur Fam, Aides, Cabinet, WH, PressSec, GOP, Rep Sen & House. Profess Liars. U Shld all get liar pay.
If it wasn't a "sinister dinner", than why cover it up? Don't you realize that lying over and over again just makes you look guilty?

Can you say the biggest witch hunt of all time!!
Sure is!! They just won't allow him to be our President!!
American taxpayers are helping pay the enormous cost of @NPR to transmit anti-Trump propaganda. This week the host said Russia is our enemy.
What did you have to say about "adoption?"  We don't need any Russian babies!
Mueller Ain't Going Anywhere
Most know it's a joke. Carry on !
No-again to those 36% ers out there what is sinister is your complete obsession w/all things Russian-mtg w/Putin ALONE-he's got you by scalp
Hahaha Shame on them, no one is watching them anymore unless their brain is the size of a pea
Mr. President I predicted the Year 2013 that you were going to be the next 45th president of the United States of America 
You would know.
It wouldn't be if you stayed home, Liar-in-Chief. A real looser #resist #impeach
The fake news media have gone Mad, too much cocaine
That's why it is called fake news 
The dinner looked fine, it's YOU that looks sinister. If you told the truth once in while maybe it wouldn't be this bad.
People might believe you more, comrade, if you stopped getting caught lying  You've lied too much to have credibility as a leader.  #Failed
Well, that's what happens when you meet with Putin in secret and leave your daughter in charge.  #Resign
So you had a 2nd mtg about "adoptions"  code word: sanctions. Shouldn't you have had an interpreter there?
Sinister? Oh your gang must have been in attendance then. Our bad....
That may be the case, but did you pick up the laundry from the dry cleaners? Be back by 7pm
the dinner itself is not the sinister part, president simp.
Did you keep it from the public? You didnt disclose until media called you out. What part of that was fakenews????
