"I do not recall" : famous deep state and democratic response to everything they do recall but don't want to divulge under oath. Damned lying liberals !!
Just enforce perjury laws. That would do a lot...
Mr .Pres it does not matter to these people to swear on a stack of bibles to them perjury is just another useless law for them to break with impunity ,what we need is just one major conviction ,then the wall comes tumbling down ,tell sessions to act NOW.
The liberals weaving a web around themselves to the point of no escape. The fake news as you say Mr. President will hang themselves because when they lie they have to remember what they said but when the truth is told you will repeat the same truth again.
#SallyYates should be prosecuted for #Sedition. Make it happen. Americans want the corruption/criminality in the DOJ/FBI to stop! @POTUS @WhiteHouse @JaySekulow @Judgenap @greta @JudgeJeanine @KellyannePolls @IngrahamAngle @SeanHannity @StephenMillerAL @JeffSession @RoystonPotter
You expect her to do anything other than plead the 5th?
She'll STILL LIE!  LIARS lie and care nothing about "Under Oath".  Sad but true!

I’m guessing similar to how you leaked Israeli intelligence to the  Russians when they visited the WhiteHouse?
Nobody is above the laws of the USA.  We, the people want prosecutions for the obvious lies, treachery, sedition and possible #treason.
What do you call a bunch of liberals vowing to never have children ? (Because of Betsy Devos) 
*A Great Start*
Why did you give classified info to the Russians shortly after your inauguration, at the WH, behind closed doors??
You can put her under oath all you want. She’ll just lie. 
After all nothing happens to democrats that lie under oath.
Wow!
It’s coming...
you probably leaked it... u have been using the so called #faknews since day one running circles around them and the American pple.
Thank you God for @realDonaldTrump who is slaying the dragons for us every day.
You are winning Mr. President.
Nothing is foolproof to a sufficiently talented fool.
Then it should be Inmate Yates,
She is and was a Hillary Clinton groupie! She aided and abetted Hillary and protected her from prosecution. No doubt! I also doubt she would tell the truth!
This means something...... tick tock







Ask Sessions why Comey is allowed to leak and he’s not locked up ?
Sessions has some explaining to do, and not the matter is under investigation and therefore he cannot comment! He does need to justify his existence on these matters! He’s running scared!
Sally Yates is protected by democrats that is why Sally does what ever she wanted. Now she is disappointed since Hillary Clinton didn’t get elected to save her.
I ask YOU, why did you fire Sally Yates and Preet Bharara? #muellertime
Uh- Treason comes to mind. A Coup to take down a Sitting President is called Treason still even if you don’t like that President!
Why is it TAKING THEM SO LONG! Get these TRAITORS prosecuted! #MAGA
thats where they all belong!
It’s time for Mueller to answer some questions

Why such a ONE SIDED investigation with all the OBVIOUS DEMOCRATIC CORRUPTION?

Was the DOSSIER used to TAP Trump’s team?!

What did Obama do?
What did Obama know?

Obama’s admin has committed the CRIME OF CENTURY! Nothing Mueller?
Maybe Mueller was put in to “cover up” the corruption and find grounds to impeach Trump! Seems pretty clear what his plan is!
The #storm
Oh please lol you're done! Ho take a dirt nap buddy; you're done
What makes you say that?

#Coincidence #FollowTheWhiteRabbit #TheStormHasArrived
#MAGA
Bingo! @TheFive goobers yackety yack right now totally missing the mark. That @DanaPerino is exceedingly ditzy.
@POTUS is a genius navigating this dangerous swamp.
God Bless @GenFlynn
How can you watch that BS?!!
I wasn’t, I have satellite radio in car & while I’m on twitter hubby  had it on


Keep dreaming bimbo. Obummer will be in gitmo soon. Watch real news jackass
Sir, should’nt YOU as #POTUS be telling your AG this?

Lock her up! @SallyQYates
What’s true is true!
you were quoted in a story by @CNBC
Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it...
This tweet, one of your many reckless giveaways, is another piece of evidence for impeachment. Harassing a witness. SAD!
Let's ask Yates under oath.  Oh yeah-- she pled the 5th and refused to testify. Why wouldn't she want the chance to prove Trump wrong and all you Goblins correct?
You can't take on Yates, she's way too much for you to handle...
Seems a Troll Car has hooked itself to your train, Mr. President. Get some Troll B Gone. It'll wipe those despicable trolls off your feed.
Well, your administration is well known for it's 'leaky issues'. Ask the WH Counsel. "under the bus" protection = public knowledge.
Who cares?  If you and your party won't be transparent--leaks are patriotic.
Why leak T.M.I. ( too much info to public instead KEEP THINGS calm, leading to political outburst of all political parties LAW TRUTH HURTS)
I think it's time YOU testify under oath and with a lie detector...
She'd be called a "whistleblower" in such a case. Only the guilty need to call such things "leaks". Donald "Guilty" Drumpf calls them leaks.
No ask YOU under oath, how many times your narcissistic self needed to be front and center.  THEN we will have the true leaker.  YOU!
she leaked it what do you expect.
you probably xid it blame everybody else your the man in charge
Stay on them for the truth
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
Does that mean you've NEVER lied under oath?I'm not saying she would but I wouldnt trust anything you say unless it was under lie detector
Asked and answered. Why don't we get your staff under oath? Will they perjure themselves?
You should always have an English teacher by your side whenever you do your tweets.
They did ask specifically if she leaked 2 the press? She said no. BC u r urself r such a lier, u don't trust anybody!
Ask the white house counsel!! Lol
Right
Ask the white house counsel.
We love u trump
Do you take acid?
Prosecute her. Start sending them to jail for treason.
Tell  cali to F off, then say( how do u like me now!!!)
Your mobile phone??  Your lax security ??  Nobody believes it isn't you and your cronies.  Do resign at your earliest etc etc .  Ta.
There is a Dem/Rep congressional conspiracy to limit your power & "punish" you. Keep pushing on sir. You need to look into Seth Rich murder
@SheriffClarke @realDonaldTrump ...and put Criminal Sage, Sheriff Clarke, to work-fishing for leakers!
Discrediting people who don't share your views, by use social media just makes you look guilty. Actions speak loader than words
Ask Donald Trump, under oath, about his ties to Russia!!!
It is sickening for me to read the nasty comments directed toward you and your messaging, Mr. President.
Good question
Her reply- "I don't know "
I'm cmarkos platis
So sick of all the lies!
Goes 2 show that even ur WH staff don't support u!
Wouldn't it be ironic if she took you down?
Whistleblowers protected by law, spies aren't #TrumpTreason #TrumpRussia #CountryOverParty @SpeakerRyan
same way classified information is being handed over to the ruskies
You're the leak, just blame anyone else. Be ok.
Don't have ask she the leak!
We need full and fast answers!  This is much worse than Watergate.  Either everyone is cleared or many goes to jail. Not what I wanted!!!
I suggest you resign tomorrow.  Like, seriously.
You did it
What are the odds Russia has tipped off Iran to intelligence gleaned from Trump's bumbling blabbermouth?
I trust Sally Yates over you Trump
It's like you are live tweeting your demise... can you predict the future, or does the future predict you?
Karma is a bitch. Isn't it Donny?
you thought it was a Russian newspaper and told them yourself?
Donald J Trump leaked it to the Russians
Well, I think you have a leak in your White House staff and/or cabinet.  Hmmmm?
You need to be asked a lot of stuff under oath. Chances you'll have to go up every day. #trumpIndicted
I'm guessing "John Miller".
"EVIL is strong-"BE STRONGER!"  GOD WALKS WITH YOU!(Listen and Respond!) "STRENGTH WITH "GOD'S WISDOM!" "GOD loves You and America!" 
"BELIEVE IN YOURSELF!" YOU are a Gift to "TODAY'S AMERICA!" God is truly guiding and speaking through your every thought! COURAGE!!
@POTUS 
YOU
SUCK!
You should know. You just leaked classified info.
No need to ask how classified information got into ears of the Russians. You shouted it.
Probably YOU leaked it!
Soon after she explained it to WH counsel. That's probably how... WH counsel.
good one!  He "gave secrets" away!
im going to guess that YOU leaked it donnie, you seem to like leaking info, you are a danger to this country
Yates is worth you, little Sessions and your WH staff added together...and MORE! You people are a disgrace
disgusting.
What about your leaky leaks directly to the Russians?

Lol.
http://arcturus07.blogspot.com/2017/05/talent-without-working-hard-is-nothing.html …
Who cares about leaks if that information protects Americans  against a fool
9
Were you organising asylum?
Trumpeting secrets to the Russians mr president? Then looking for someone else to blame again? even republicans turn against you now!
It was probably YOU! From #GoldenShowers to Intel you're the ultimate in #Leaky
It's time you sought professional help, both medical and legal.
You're not well and you're on the verge impeachment 
#ResignNow #Today #NOW

Hey Don, you do know that Mossad doesn't give two shits who you think you are?
Yes, we do know how classified information got out. Putin's C*ck Holster, AKA your mouth.
You leaked It? #Blabbergate
I should ask u how did it get in the hands of the goddam Russians!!!!
We know it was you Donny!
Um I think we found the leak! It was you!!!! 
Putin's little cock holster... REALLY little!
So maybe you can explain why Yates did not take her opportunity to answer this question under oath before congress. certainly she can't wait to prove Trump wrong and reward the faith of folks like you ......
Done. Now .@realDonaldTrump YOUR TURN 2 TAKE OATH AND EXPLAIN UR LEAKING TO RUSSIANS AND OTHER CONNECTIONS. CONGRESS & .@FBI WAITING. #MAGA
#twoscoopstrump the leaker in chief
It's time for you to be inpeached
If Hillary Clinton leaked classified info to a Russian spook/diplomat, Republicans would rightly be drafting Articles of Impeachment N-O-W.
Ask yourself how you can justify continuing to destroy our country.
How would she know? Was ousted immediately, goofball! 
I KNOW YOU DONT LIKE BEING PRESIDENT& WANT THE LUSH LIFE WHERE YOU CAN SAY ANYTHING.
That's easy.
WH Counsel leaked it, and fast.
Let us assume it was due to your loose lips because...RUSSIANS.
#TrumpRussiaTies
You've been talking in your sleep.
You told the papers? Wow.
Ask you ANYTHING under oath.  The over/under on you pleading the fifth is about 1,000.
We have the answer to this one. And thanks, BTW.
You always have to deflect the issue onto someone else! You are a disgrace to our country!
1/2 Sally Yates would tell the AP that the leaks are coming from your big f****** mouth! DT u don't when 2 keep your mouth shut.
Yes trump; it's all becoming clear who the Leaker in Chief is, especially leaking Classified information to Russians!
Now don't you feel silly
How about u explain why u gave classified info to the Russians in the OVAL OFFICE?!!!!!!! RESIGN IMMEDIATELY! 
#impeachtrump 
#trumprussia
NExt time you have "great intel" that you get every day....SHUT YOUR MOUTH....ESPECIALLY TO OUR ADVISARIES
Why did CIA and NSA get warned after you shared HIGHLY classified info with Russians. Who do you work for????
Your narcissism has literally become a weapon against the security of the United States. Soon you will be more of a threat than Bin Laden
Maybe via the same route classified information about ISIS got to the Russians right after it was given to you?
NO one needs to leak - you are doing a good job of it on your own. Move to Russia already.
How did classified information get to the Russians? #45
Idiot
But wait Big Don!  You won!  You gave secret intel to Russia!  And that under oath thing, we know you cross your fingers behind your back...
Next time I see her, I will.
You are the leaker, and have been all along......LEAKER!!
U told Russians and they told the paper?   Just a guess.
Where are your TAX RETURNS....

.
Threatening a witness in an ongoing proceeding, I think you call this. Keep adding to the list Donald! #RESISTANCE #ImpeachTrump #POTUS
Hmmm, SMH, Perhaps someone in the chain of WH counsel leaked it. just sayin'
I'm guessing you may have leaked it? Wonder if you instigated other leaks now as well.
Maybe the Russians leaked - you've certainly been sharing plenty of classified info with them.
Now we know.  You have always been the traitor and liar.  Treason is a bitch of a sentence
