Don't vote in what you don't know! @SenSanders #jokesters #goldenthrone
Lmao
"Just put anything on my desk, I have ADHD and my reading sucks! And I don't need anymore to explain anything to me!!  Unless it's Putitin"
--Dumpling Plump
Mitch, get back to work and put Repeal &amp; Replace, Tax Reform &amp; Cuts and a great Infrastructure Bill on my desk f...
And he better or he's OUT....
"Just put anything on my desk, I have ADHD and my reading sucks! And I don't need anyone to explain anything to me!!  Unless it's Putitin"
--Dumpling Plump
We
@GOP @DNC time to put the servant back in public servant. ban corporate donations, add term limits, introduce politicians to hrly pay!!!
Stop berating people online - it's cyber bullying. Ask your wife; she knows all about it. What an unprofessional way to conduct yourself.
What if we all report him @twitter? He threatens and targets, directly harasses people on line, tweets spam, vulgarity, retweets #fakenews.
Good idea 
I just did. 
Lots of Democrat haters here! HOPEFULLY, you will see prosperity in your daily lives! Nice seeing my 401K finally moving! Turn Republican!!!
GOP GRAND OL PARTY-rename To the congress GRAND OL PESTIMIST! For there failure to have a plan and implement it!
@_MitchPage you heard the man get to work
My bad I was golfing. I'll get to it asap.
Not without the house and Dems he can't. Get a clue. Have a sitter flip on schoolhouse rock for you.
Donald get back to work and get diplomats back talking to N Korea
why don't you get back to work!
YOU telling someone to get back to work? You're a joke.

First he has to come up with something that works. He tried. He can't. Send in someone else who can get the job done. Mitch can't do it.
Congress is on their 4th vacation of the year..they work so hard...........you just have to laugh sometimes
Does it mean anything to you that the People don't want your health care plan? At all?
Repeal.....Period
Statement by Mitch shows how out of touch he is with the people, some of us can't 2 years for health and tax reform. You need a new job

People think and use yours. main we have the best presidents, of media don't said  the truth,
Crazy that @realDonaldTrump still doesn't understand American government. The president isn't the boss of Congress! Equal powers, separation
He could do it. The issue is he doesn't really want to. He's wearing a turkey neck fat cat politician mask but he's really a swamp creature.
Your leadership is BULLYING, PERIOD! You have no plans, foresight & no show absolutely ZERO ABILITY TO ACCOMPLISH ANYTHING! #FakePresident
get someone to read if for you. sad
Looks to me like Republicans are more comfortable being a minority complaining then being a majority and getting things done.
Dream on
Stop taking so many damn vacations! Why don't you take the lead? No tax cuts for the rich.
You need to START WORKING TO MAKE THIS SHIT HAPPEN. PART OF YOUR JOB
Any chance Mr. President, you could somehow get SunTrust Bank to give me back over $37K they are holding from me, and no reply as to why.
Disagee w Repeal & Replace Tax Reductions for Rich
I really I'm
Unfortunately Mr President, HE CAN NOT DO IT, he has made that very clear to all eyes and ears watching this disaster unfold daily.
Can he repeal and replace you? That would be fantastic!!!
Drain the sewer all these rhinos and Democrats are slowing you down
A lot of nerve you have. Plan on working any time this presidency?
Being the President doesn't mean you get everything you want. Stop being such a child and allow people to do their jobs without repression.
so, when are YOU going to 'get to work' We all know that you don't know the meaning of the word 'work'.

"Americans are less likely to be laid off than at any point in at least 50 years." The result of "a vastly improved labor market" per @WSJ
#DitchMitch
no Mitch can't repeal and replace obamacare, cause there is nothing wrong with it, get use to it Trump you are no good at being president
Why can't you say this on camera in front of reporters?
Or YOU'RE FIRED!
Leadership 101. True leaders correct in private and praise in public. How are you our president?
The jackass who NEVER works is telling the other jackass to get to work.   That's some funny shit right there!

DJT & Family celebrating with their people in charlettesville today with rest of White Nationalists Bring your boss Bannon #TwitlerNchief
he's not a go-getter, doesn't seem oike it at least
Yeah. Mitch is really worried about your threats. Funny-Ucall him Mitch yet u call Paul Mr. Manafort.We KNOW u know him better than Mitch.
Thank you Mr President Thank you. I still can't believe they think they have earned a vacation.
Dang rt, get on it and start doing what you were elected to do, repeal and replace Obama care. And you don't need another donation to vote.
GOP senators back McConnell over You!! That's a fact! Youre going to have no chance getting anything passed!! You totally misunderstand
I voted for Mitch ONLY so he could lead the Senate to pass President Trumps agenda!!
Go get him Don!
I wish we could Repeal & Replace Congress.
Nothing you say or do will divert attention away from your crimes against our nation. #lockhimup #wagthedog #failureofleadership
オンバザラザドバンオンバザラザドバンオンバザラザドバンオンバザラザドバンオンバザラザドバンオンバザラザドバンオンバザラザドバンオンバザラザドバンオンバザラザドバンオンバザラザドバンオンバザラザドバンオンバザラザドバンおりゃー
MITCH would rather go fight KIM JONG  UN.
Thank you Judge for keeping your foot on the congress throat
If he does not get back to work than he needs to step down. The American people should come first.
You are.pissing into the wind, sir.
#Obamacare
NEW: 78% of the public, including 52% of Republicans, want the Trump administration to make the #ACA work http://kaiserf.am/2voEjjZ  
Cállate
Donald, stay in NJ and send your letter of resignation to the White House. You can do it!
Mitch has weak work ethics poor EXAMPLE
Get it together all of you or move over and let someone else get behind President Trump
Lower taxes on single people. My wife passed away and when my designation went to single my taxes doubled. I lost an income and tax went up
Always a good strategy to pass the blame. Every failure is someone else's fault?
What a shmoo you are!

Get to work and stop your bitching and golfing.
Presidents, the best ones, get involved with congress helping leading. then goes around the country selling what has been accomplished.

By all means get back to work at making America better for the richest and wealthiest of folks while sticking it to the rest of us! Loser
Donald! Please resign! It's time for President Pence
At which golf course will you be located at to sign this bill...
Hey Donnie, you need a new healthcare plan.  I'm not sure you understand how govt, voting, and representing constituents works.
Mitch & Ryan are not Republicans.  They aren't on your side & they don't have your back. Please work to replace them and McCain and Graham.
Shouldn't you work for the first time in your life? Or at least take responsibility for something instead of blaming others?
You make them all look Clueless! Thank you for your service President Trump! You are America's Hope. I believe God has a hand on YOU!

With how much news you watch you think you would know the people wand Ocare fixed not replaced.
this is so patronizing. Besides twitter there is a phone. You know the thing you twitter from
As you tweet from the golf course #jackass
Question #ArtOfTheDeal
Could U ask for reason between #China / #India border incursions and shared shipping lanes with the US Pacific Fleet?
Agree. Chinas influence w/Maduro, Venezuela=Colombia to Panama Canal. Guatamala Canal, India, NK, Laos, Mid East to Africa. #bigpicture
Correction, Nicaragua Canal not Guatamala.
In most cases, @realDonalTrump, I wholeheartedly agree with you! But in this case, Sir, I don't think he will because he's a lying RINO!
Get back to work and run america
Pot, kettle, black??!!
@SenateMajLdr Do you like it when he talks to you this way? What about the USA?
#45_WorstPOTUS_Ever
Yes sir, You are the Prez! Have a blessed day.

Mitch and the gang never intended to repeal and never will repeal Obamacare.
You said it was so easy.  Like the Mexicans will pay for the wall.  #WhatajokeyouaremakingtheUSA
Wow!  Because you say so?  WH is not Trump Empire!!
Mitch knows @WVGovernor is now the deciding and winning repeal vote, Mitch does not want repeal of #OBAMACARE - disgraceful
Not so sure he can. Too many RINO traitors like McCain, Graham, Murkowski, Collins, Burr, Capito.  EVERY ONE NEEDS TO GO
It just hit me: Hope U realize Dear President, that tho its SO UNFAIR 4U 2B so CONSTANTLYwhat2 DO by ignorant dunces, it IS part of UR2*
Mitch, get back to work and get GOp together to get rid of this monster.  @SenateMajLdr  Or lose your job.
Let it go however u get back 2 work repeal & replace @realDonaldTrump  & @POTUS
*Part 2:ingunder kibbitzing, yet keeping in"MAGA" IS ur 2Gr8ness. 
KARMA mayB fact(not2mention HRC & Soros)in constant nagging fr MSM)
& if you can't I hope you enjoy that buttfucking schumer's giving to you...
Is he fired if he doesn't achieve this?
I f
YES MR. SENATOR! Or we WILL vote you out of OFFICE!!! We the American people are SICK AND TIRED of BS in DC selling out!
Get back to work? That's hysterical.
nice to see again that you have no policy and can't do your job.
He's a monster and no one wants his shitty bill.
You can forget it all when you throw your atomic bomb.
Says the man on a 17 day golf vacation.
Don, get off it. You have become irrelevant and they probably don't give a shit what you say. + Your policies suck & are really bad for us.
Like you're working. Pretty sure you can't fire a Senator- did you know that? He works for his constituency.
donnie START working on resignation letter. Better yet, keep tweeting. Evidence,  ineptitude, and confession is better.
...days than all other presidents combined.
Good job removing Reince Priebus but 2 of the worst remain Cockroch McConnell &McCain #DrainTheSwamp #TrumpNation
Mitch is on vacation and will get back to you in a few months.....beep
I know you dont read but the bill casts 23 million people into no coverage. It's a  cash grab for guys like U. Folks & Congress hate it. LOL
Donald, learn to put the people of this country and their wellbeing first for once - humility & empathy. You can do it!

That's right they've been running on this repeal and replace thing forever. I sure am glad our president is telling it like it is.
Enough is enough with this guy! Mitch and Rhino Ryan have got to go. #ditchtheMitch #rhinoryan. Repeal and replace these guys then H- Care
If these guys can't get it done, form your own coalition of reps and dems in the Senate.  The house is fine.
je ne comprends l'anglais
Mitch is gonna FYU. Watch it.
So funny, setting up your next scape goat
Sounds like you need a vacation
Think M.M. needs to retire--get someone more competent in there!
I wish you could share praise as freely as blame.  The man virtually guaranteed your election with a vacant SC seat.
Atta boy Mitch. You can do it! If you help or courage, I know who u can call.
Why are you so intent on taking healthcare away from millions? To repeal without a better replacement is cruel. People will die. Do you care
When you were campaigning you claimed healthcare for everyone. Now you want to uninsure everyone.
There is something very wrong with your thinking. You claim the USA can't pay for healthcare for all yet once elected prez you increased
the prices on all youre businesses. Doubled at mar a lago and the D.C. Hotel, then you use them every chance you get. Charging the taxpayer
You're fleecing the country for your personal gain yet want to take healthcare away from the people that you're stealing from.
You are not a good person
They need a president to stand with them first not throw them under the bus.

C'mon Mitchey boy, listen to someone who knows everything, never wrong, crazy smart, lunatic of the highest degree, unbalanced. Listen!
President Trump Thanks for your leadership. ? It is disgusting to see history of country evicerated. They aren't arrested. Stop the madness!
If A Tecumseh Sherman's Statue was in the center of Atlanta would it still be there?
Must be his turn to golf!
Ditch mitch the bitch he is a big problem and america knows it. He's toast
#MAGA u r David Dukes little bit$@. How many people's bitc$@s can u be at once?
Donald, get back to work and stop being an incendiary cock waffle on social media. You can do it.
not repeal and replace. Recap and Release GSE's. Get something done Mitch! #fanniegate
Donald put down the ice cream and start reading the constitution.
Blaming Mitch? What happened to you being "greatest negotiator"?

Take away all their vacation time 60+ days off is ridculous. And make  it that they can't go on vacation until business on the floor is done
That's senator to you. #RUDEPRESIDENT
You could be great at apologizes
