You sound sorry NOTHING was done- like you really didn't want to be elected. BTW- you have done NOTHING in the 6 months since. SAD
.@realDonaldTrump And what's to say that even those 4 won't also be retracted. Obama did nothing because, like you, he knew it was BS!
Resign
川普总统啊，你就不能不和俄罗斯一起吗？你太小看美国的实力了。真的，你想让美国再次强大，那么就别和俄罗斯一起，自己单干把朝鲜金三胖给灭了，然后再和澳大利亚加拿大新西兰一起彻查中共官员洗的钱
FBI, CIA, NSA ALL THESE OTHER INSTITUTIONS R NOT FAKE AND WHY WHEN WE ASK U ABOUT WHAT R U GOING TO DO U REVERT BACK TO OBAMA HAVE NOTHING ?
you want it both ways!!!!  Either it happened or it didn't.  Right?  So for you to blame Obama for not doing anything, you admit it happened
Why are you doing nothing now?
Mr. President - Russia didn't interfere in our election. Seth Rich leaked emails to Wikileaks and John Podesta had him killed.
WOW! WTF  go back to bed
#44 didn't do anything be cause he wasn't and never was, a President. He considered himself a Celebrity. :-(
You might be an idiot President if ...
you think Russia is on America's side more than the other political party.
CNN isn't a new channel it's an opinion channel. There's no actual reporting
Central piece of evidence 2 the false narrative #fakenews Zucker&Lack propagandists have constructed & it was never investigated! @BretBaier
Vile propagandists Zucker&lack have nowhere 2 go. Please get an AG 2 go after actual criminality that has been exposed. #MAGA @chucktodd
Why are you doing nothing? Your the president
Here we go again.
What is he saying to your political peers around the world in your absence?
Why is Obama stalking @POTUS Political Peers?
How about an "Investagative Journalist" out there delve into that?
What R U doing about it? Oh yeah creating a cyber security task force with Russia. The 4 that did CIA, FBI, NSA & Dir of National Intel.
But I would not trust those 4 agencies either, I'd much prefer you trust Putin.
Jack Kennedy and Ronald Reagan would draw straws to decide who gets to punch you first.
Fake news from a Fake President
Please add #GeorgeClooney to the #DoNotFlyList
Because you kept saying the system is rigged. Also, Ryan and the GOP said Do Not Get Involved, he should never had listened or trusted GOP
If the DNC hadn't been hacked, we would never have known that the Crooked DNC colluded to help the Hillary Campaign
Crazy Bernie never had a chance -- Meanwhile, most democrats are angry that the American People found out about their fraud election
The real outrage is that one of the country's major political party's picked their candidate, and colluded with her and the #MSM
Dems spend all day squawking about Russia, but could care less that the leadership of their party colluded with a crooked candidate
Leader of Democratic Party!!
The mislabeled photo is easily debunked using a reverse image search. The man portrayed is Oskar Groening, a Nazi who served at Auschwitz.

We have a FAKE president folks

What are you doing now that you think obama should have done?
You are mentally ill.  Please get help
Obama is a traitor, Muslim Brotherhood member, a radical - nothing else needs to be explained
Was the Donald DIPANTS by Putin
Wow, it took almost 10mins to write this ^^
They need to go back to school and learn to count Mr President

Resign.
You should, at least, consider listening to issues  those who disagree with you have?
Every other positively consequential @POTUS does this.
Putin' assume the of you at the press briefing was akin to that of someone making a mental patient's assessment.
You are blaming Obama for not doing more in confronting Russia, while you teamed with them to help us with our hackings??
Hell yes! This is the only explanation I can find...
You are either 
a) a traitor
b) insane.  

Take your pick!
Both
*Fake News Klaxon*
Can you go a week without tweeting the words "fake news"?
It's not clever. It's not smart. It doesn't make you look like a President. It makes you look like a child
Can't describe how frustrating it is to argue with fellow citizens over matters of fact that they no longer believe, because fake news
That's what they want
Trump is like those dudes that never, ever get over their ex's. Obama is gone my friend, it's time to move on.
But the mess he created still exists.
You are not disputing the fact, just how many intel agencies there were that agreed on the facts?
Did any of the 13 other intel agencies disagree with the conclusion?
Since you are (wrongly) blaming Obama for doing nothing, you do agree that he should have done something based on the info he received?
To sum it up, you are saying that 4 intel agencies shared information before the election that was so serious that something should be done?
In other words, you are confirming Russian interference in the United States presidential election 2016?
And he's admitting he knows something should be done even though he's chosen to do nothing!
Maybe he doesn't want to be a hypocrite.
How is bitching (AKA lying) about Obama doing "nothing"re #RussianHacking then doing nothing yourself NOT hypocritical? Too much kool-aid?
Hero! 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rFMRjSE496c …
Expose the DNC Trump. They stole election from Bernie.... gave Hillary questions to debates. (Still lost ) #MAGA
Lock them up!! We could use the free labor for the Wall. #BuildTheWall #MAGA
#MAGA #BuildTheWall #HillaryForPrison
#SpecialCounsel
YES NIK! #MAGA #BuildTheWall!!!!!!!!!!
Never gonna happen
You forgot:
"Nanny nanny boo boo. Neener neener neener"
U practiced this childish BS over 65 yrs, but still forget things. SO SAD.
#dividedwefall
...have it. Fake News said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 (had to apologize). Why did Obama do NOTHING when he had in...
And this is why he is President! Love my President. Sir if you need me call me. 12 hours  is all I need to be there! #SupportPOTUS
Crazy.
You forgot to put:
"Nanny nanny boo boo. Neener neener neener."
U practiced this childish BS over 65 yrs, but still forget things. SO SAD.
Ah, #failingPOTUS (almost wrote "Putin"- Freudian slip) rewrites history and blames Obama for Trump's Russia problem.  Won't work.
President Obama disld what you said should be done. He did it in secret without tweeting it You know the truth will win out and you exposed.
Better question: Why are YOU DOING NOTHING now!
Which is it? Russia interfered or they didn't? Can't have it both ways Dishonest Don. Make up a story and stick with it. @JoeNBC
Obama protected Hillary. Then used Russia against you. Their perfect plan backfired. They are fools and God is shedding light on all them
Don Jr. Going down huh? Taking the fall for you and Jared.

You are deplorable. Resign.
stop blaming everyone else for everything #DOYOURJOB
Fake Donald Trump once again bully Donald Trump once again blame it on someone else Donald Trump once again
Because it's the same ole' same ole' w/Obummer; NO EXPERIENCE; didn't know how to do anything really; Country a MESS; Harvard Grad?  NOT so.
Tick tock....still waiting
Show the proof. Show your tax returns too
President Trump I worked hard my whole entire life pay are but it cost for my health insurance I want the same insurance as a senator has
Trumpy, Pravda is a mouthpiece for Putin in Russia.  Your "friend" Putin doesn't like you.
He did. And if you could read, you'd know that.
At the time, doing nothing by Pres. Obama was the correct thing to do. Thinking HRC was going to win. Do not tick the boat.
From his party viewpoint. Do nothing, for it is the doing that plays the mischief.
Deflection
Enough already! Stop placing blame and put on your big boy panties and learn your job so you can do your job!!
Move on and DO something NOW!
stop behaving like mean boy. Please act presidential. US Presidents don't bad mouth other US PRESIDENTS!!! You are embarrassing USA and self
Why have YOU done NOTHING BUT TWEET SINCE BEING ELECTED, OH AND GOLF.
Where's your tax returns?
Obama is not in question here. You are. What does Russia have on you?

@cspanwj #UniteBlue #p2 #tcot #humor #NotMyPrez
Why the sudden change loser
Beacuse he wanted to be impartial ........and let the DUMMY win!
...what info? The info you deny?
Everyone knows the Russian story is a fraud. But even fox news is running with it just for ratings. Hillary Clinton is gas lighting again.

Because he's a peice of shit and didn't Care about we the people
And if they have. I could see that they have very few friends because they don't learn from the mistakes of their arrogance
Well, why should #Obama do anything unless RUS cyberattack actually happened? Does this mean you admit to believing the IC reports?
He did Obama Placed shanction and threw out Russian from this country that YOU want to stop & let them back in to do their spying again fool
U won, libs feel blind sided. Libs pd protesters all over USA, spent $11.38 each voter, all smear campaign, used failed lib agenda of BHO
You are grossly uninformed.  FYI- there are numerous intel agencies who are under the umbrella of the handful of supervisory agencies.
What have done ...everything just blaming @POTUS44
Um. That's what YOU said.
WHY are you so obsessed with OBAMA? Is it your deep insecurities telling you you're NOTHING compared to him?
The better question is, why do you keep talking about Obama? You sound like a petulant toddler.
Yes, keep colluding with Russia, committing Treason, embezzling US, laundering money from foreign countries into us. You go Trump!
.
Your enemy CNN news media. Saying that America have been supplying rebels in Syria who have themselves committed war crimes. Is it fake news
Russians helped you at your request but OBAMA MADE ME DO IT!!!

What an infant you are.

#25thAmendmentNow
Why are you obsessed with Obama?
He had information before the election that didn't exist but did exist since he did nothing about it 
He did you nimrod.
Stop saying Obama did nothing, #SyphilliticTrump. He did a lot. Would have done more if not blocked by @SenateMajLdr.

but you just said there was no collusion #idiot
Poor little donnie. Seventeen is such a hard number; more than you can count on your little, tiny fingers. #CRYBABY #PUTINSPUPPET #LOCKHIMUP
Wouild have forced DNC to turn over the SERVER
Florida has or had Wassermans computer.
Why don't they investigate?
She sure wanted it back
#FakePresident
Why have you spent more in 6 months than a Great man did in eight years?  What you got Punk? Nothing. All bark..that's all you are. Go home.
You are literally telling us you and your campaign are guilty.
@POTUS WHAAA WHAA!!!  Obama, Clinton, DNC, John Podesta.....Get over yourself #whinylittlebitch
He did.  He booted the Russians off of the two compounds you want to give back to the them.
You know he did do more than you have, right?
Impeachment is in the air. Damn...you make Hillary  look like an angel. You are way too DIRTY!!
Impeachment for what? Time to move on and stop the stupidity.
Throwing shade at your Intelligence agencies is disgraceful
Because he is Muslim treasonous Traitor, that needs to charged with treason and hung. Take that bastards Passport away from him!

Deflect, re-direct, repeat.  Directions for washing the countries problems away.  Not! Eventually you will need to do something substantive.
Thought you said the Russians did not hack our elections so why should President Obama be blamed for this mess?
Obama was a do-nothing president.So sorry that he left you such a mess.
Mercifully, Trump Jr. Has admitted he met with Russian attorney to gain damaging info against Clinton.
Uh, a Russian Lawyer? Not a Russian government official? Oh well, nice try. Private citizens aren't government agents no matter their origin
Yeah, if only he’d arrested your ass on treason…
Why do you do NOTHING except blame Obama for everything?
I really don't think he did nothing, I mean there was some stuff he did. But like any president, He is human and made mistakes as you will/
Time 2 FIGHT BACK, otherwise next will be Baron. You must stop this NOW, SWAMP,FAKENEWS & N KOREA MUST BE STOPPED NOW
He did do something.
Trying to deflect fro your son's meeting with Russian lawyer for dirt on HC and getting caught lying about it are we?  #whitehouseperpwalk
Why did YOU do nothing?
#ODNI oversees all 17 agencies and signed report on their behalf.
Between the fake media & those professional liars the politicians I am more disappointed in the news I expect politicians to lie. No morals.
Forget Obama, that doesn't work anymore.
Maybe because he knew you would sign an executive order to reverse it?
Flashback Mr President. You were already accusing Democrats and Obama of rigging the election when you thought you were going to lose.
Because Obama didn't have anything. It was all smoke and mirrors.
Get off the Obama kick Mr. President.  You got all you can handle in front of you.
I think it is becoming obvious (perhaps slowly) why he sat on it. He didn't think it would matter and also didn't want to draw a lot of attn
Stop asking why and do it yourself. You're POTUS!!
Citation?
Why do you do nothing now?
#Loser #Resist #Resign #Impeach #MAGA #TrumpRussia #KushnerRussia #SaveUSA
WHY HAVEN'T YOU???
Didn't want to influence the outcome. Just goes to show what a sore winner you are. #uttertwat
Mr P. All this Russia nonsense is a distraction & undermining your Presidency.
Resign.  The popular vote against you. Investigate Russia collusion with Trump &I family, lover of Putin @GOP
Wait, Obama did NOTHING about the thing you say never happened? Is it a made up story or is it not? Make up yr damn mind, dementia patient
Why are you doing  nothing now except forgive and forget. That will not stop future problems. FAKE NEWS 45. BAD FROM 45
Because he wanted to ruin us, but with your help we can #MAGA
Why do you shift blame?You know and do nothing. Won't admit definitively about Russia. How can anyone take you seriously?You were played.
I do not know u will have to ask him that
Great question, Mr. President. Keep taking it to the Fake News until you break them.
Why do you keep lying & shifting blame to Obama.  He did do something.  The sanctions you are considering lifting.  You are the FAKE NEWS
Obama did respond strongly & directly to Putin. He would've told us had the Republican leadership not threatened retribution.
@PeterTownsend7 Because...
Sir, was there interferance or not? If there was deal with it. If not, stop hyping up nothing. You are the president, act like it please.
Way to favor a foreign government's word over your own intelligence agencies. Are you loyal to foreign governments or our country?
The head of all 17 intelligence agencies said it. That's a fact. A fact you don't tell the American people because you are fake news.
Even if only ONE Agency said Russia affected this election Why sir are YOU not defending our country? Looks bad
10/7/16 DNI (for 16 mbrs of IC)/DNS joint finding RUSSIA tried to hack our election.  16 + 1 = 17  Try real facts instead of Fox News.
Hey Fake Kennedy!? Get a grip! If you had been am honest, humble human being, people would have respected your opinion. Now, not so much!!!
Facebook has a new one about CNN-  RIP CNN -it lied itself to death.  Lol
SHUT UP ABOUT FAKE NEWS! It's so appalling to hear a patholgical liar criticize others for spreading false information.
He did. You're lying again. Never has a U.S. president lied with such wanton abandon. But then never have we had a traitor for president.
getting old. You are the POTUS now, lets focus on you and your job.
Who the F cares if 17 or 4.... no matter how many... they ALL disagree with your assessment of Russian interference.
You are so jealous of President Obama,you no 45 dont know nothing of politics and are not respected at all around the world by politicians

Good question
Question? Could you please look into the Bundy case these men are being held illegally.
well, your dear son did lie about the reason for meeting that russian lawyer! the reason why he met this layer constituts treason.
It's only "Fake News" because it does not support your ego! You put out far more lies and alternative facts than the average unpopular Pres.
Ask Mitch McConnell. He threatened President Obama if he said anything. Been sitting this scandal up with Russia for some time haven't you?
Why are you so bothered about what the new says ....you're the fucking president....I mean you should have been a Nigerian....gutted 
So you now agree that #Putin did medal in our election & now admit you are an #illegitimatePresident. Let's move on to #Impeachment then!
Will you ever stop blaming Obama for everything
The bigger question seems to be, what did your Son do?
#25thAmendmentNow
why did don don get an attorney if it's not guilty. Who's leaking this from your Administration. Wow cool Russian bologna
