45 doing lots of LOSING in the budget, eh?
This budget was Obama budget . A few months and Trump will have what he wants. No worries. Poor far left.
It's the budget just negotiated by Congress. Do some fact checking, on a REAL news site.
The snowflakes won on the budget. We had to pick our battles and lost this one. GOP did not work together.disappointed.
Undoing all of Obama's good work and calling it progress
Obama never did anything good except for himself.
Zip legislative signings this year. As many have stated already, Executive Orders don’t count.
Mainstream (FAKE) media refuses to state our long list of achievements, including 28 legislative signings, strong border...
You can't live and thrive on optimism, sweetie.
All in an attempt to undo Obamas hard and good work for American people.
until miss work
So #45 how did you screw this up to the point we now need the military? 
Optimism is not a legislative achievement?
"legislative signings" you mean executive orders, you oaf? #25thAmendment #Impeach
Great Optimism? I'm optimistic you'll be exposed as a traitor and criminal. Does that count?
Omg! U signed your name on 28 separate pieces of paper?? WOW, what a BIG Orange boy you are!

Here is a sampling of the 28 legislative "achievements." Many of them re-named buildings or appointed people.
Please, sir, list and tell us all about these 28 achievements at your rally tonight! Show them fake media folks who's in charge!
repel Obamacare as soon as possible please. That's a socialist garbage.
Did you tweet this while golfing? Look out the WH window! Yr citizens are marching. Again. #resist #climatemarch
. Lol!  SAD!
You're ruining America..... but whatever you want to think.
I wish they'd get back to what's most important to American people Russia Russia Russia
Oh boo hoo - it's too hard being president, so do us all a favor, including yourself, and resign.
Oh ok so if you tweet it it must be true! Again 45 you're ignorance knows no limits
I'm from Puerto Rico and I know that you are doing an awesome job Mr President mucho better than Obama did in 8 years
Executive orders.
Their ratings are a lie I know one person that watches CNN and I belong to the group known as alcoholics anonymous at least 50 people asked

An Executive Order (which you used to descry) is not a legislative signing. As in, it is *actually* not.

I support you, Mr President. 
Executive orders does not count. Wasn't it u who condemned Obama for executive orders saying that's not how u run a democracy?
Optimism is not an achievement
actually consumer confidence and optimism is a statistic.
they were such a big deal, how could the miss them? Rotflmao
They can't cite what isnt true.
Mr. President they are not accepting the facts that you are axhieving excellent job within 100 days. All deplorables believing in you.
MR. PRESIDENT YOU ACHIEVED A TREMENDOUS SUCCESS WITHIN 100 DAYS.

Can we have our 100 days back? #Trump100Days #BrokenPromises 
Oh look! You signed a law renaming a clinic! #IMPEACHTRUMP  https://www.whitehouse.gov/legislation/hr-1362-act-name-department-veterans-affairs-community-based-outpatient-clinic-pago-pago …

It's cause you have done nothing
You do not know how legislation even works
Quality Donald, not quantity. And remind me, how many of those 28 EOs were blocked by the courts?
FINALLY A PRESIDENT WITH BALLS! The balls to work 5 whole days in between vacations. #100DaysOfShame
Boring.
I hope the executive orders can go through Congress-otherwise they be overturned. So only really temporary measures.
The signing of 28 Executive Orders is not a legislative achievement.  I "MONKEY" could have done the same job, and probably better!  FAKE
Um, reminder....right out of your mouth "when a prez sucks & cant get anything done, they sign the stupid, means nothing, EO" (close enough)

Let it all out baby
Self-made billionaire and President of the United States. What are your accomplishments?
I finished season 3 of @OITNB in a day!? 
And you made me laugh!
What have you done to strengthen the borders ? Nothing. Your going to shit the bed with your border wall just like with everything else.
I said it before and I'll say it again, you'll be looking at your own party calling for impeachment within your first year. You're done
stop whining
Fk the mainstream media it's all fake news starting with CNN AND MSNBC nothing but garbage tools used by democrats to lie and deceive us 

He hopes to play more golf during the next 100 days than the last 100 days (gotta have goals)
Donny Boy UR so called achievements are for naming federal property nothing to help USA. Will U rename Washington monument to Trump Tower 2
You want to tell us then? …because we're pretty confused as to what you've achieved besides spending millions of taxpayer $ on ur golf game.
You've kept the grand total of 6 out of 103 promises. That's less than 6% despite being 7% done w your entire presidency 
Remember when the mainstream (fake) media reported on Flynn & you also said it was fake & that he's a great guy?
…& now devastating news for you comes out on your 100th day that you not only vetted Flynn but knew about Turkey payments & hid from public
It's also SAD that the only other President of the United States who said that press is the enemy is Nixon.

Oh & Hitler did this too…
You made fun of Obama for "legislative signings"… now even with a Republican-led Congress you have to resort to them bc u can't make a deal
& needless to say the American public thinks ur first 100 have been nothing but an epic failure given your record breaking (low) approval #s
How'd that ObamaCare repeal go?
Mexico isn't paying for the wall.

Neither are the taxpayers.
Here's your first 100 day plan:
All those "legislative signings" and not a single one was for Trumpcare...bummer man!
You want people to be kept screwed by #Obamacare don't you?
But they did mention your failed Muslim Ban, failed Trumpcare, your failed sanctuary city ban. But keep doing those rallies!
GDP is growing at the slowest rate in the last 3 years, you are tanking the economy
the only thing you care about are wars and walls. No one wants either of these things aside from you
the wall alone will tank the economy, horrible idea. Will cost a fortune!
No the cost of illegal immigration already tanking the economy, our sovergnity, and culture
Thank Obama for strong borders...increasing agents and you signing executive orders aren't accomplishments!
Strong borders?  Why is he sending in the national Guard?  Try arresting and fining businessmen like hotel owners and builders that hire illegals and soon there would be no one coming across the border to work.
All your doing is undoing the original orders in place. Be original poser.
ALL BS! You have zero achievements! LOSER! FAKE president! RESIGN!!!!
You are so delusional
Why do you care? If you say they're fake news, it shouldn't matter to you. Will you start acting like a adult, and be a better example.
The one thing that will disappoint me will be if the cost of health insurance don't decrease considerably.
Signing EOs that get blocked by courts aren't achievements.
.@POTUS @realDonaldTrump Your achievements should speak for themselves cupcake
Yes, we're all quite optimistic you'll be thrown out on your ass.
Border security hasn't changed.  "Legislative signings" are just executive orders.  #cheats@golf2
If you believe the Civil War could have been avoided with a frank discussion between the right people you are too stupid to be president.
Liar.
OPTIMISM? U R delusional from the Alzheimer's. Nobody wants 2 be in the USA b/c of you, including the tourists! U R causing losses, BIGLY
You've literally accomplished one thing. You had to change the rules in order to be allowed to do it.
because optimisms are tangible. (Fake) President
Also forgot destroying the environment, contributing to childhood obesity and promoting hate and fear.  Solid start Donny.
There are none.
FYI: Obama issued fewer executive orders on average than any president since Cleveland. U will surpass Obama, just like the FL golfing trips
KEEP  TWEETING, NO MEDIA NEEDED. THX MR. PRESIDENT :0)
Hopefully ur golf game has improved by leaps and bounds... If not, ur time has been completely wasted, not 2 mention millions in our dollars

YOU SURE LIKE THE FAKE MEDIA WHEN YOU WANT TO SIGN ONE OF YOUR EX.ORDERS OR HAVE SOMETHING YOU WANT OUT IN THE NEWS. CAN'T HAVE IT BOTH WAYS
Mainstream media is real.   Buy a dictionary (not the company that makes them) and look up the definition of fake.
Any optimism is coming from #TheResistance
Russia, Flynn pussy grabbing, bombing for after dinner entertainment, conflict of interests,failure of HC reform,tax cuts for wealthy NMAGA!
endless & meaningless photo-ops to give the public the false impression you are actually doing your job
children how millions of people chose a guy who acts in all the ways we teach them not to.
Golfing 20 times within 100 days does not count as an accomplishment
Great optimism is an achievement? Gawd what's next ?
Fake news. Sad!
And a president that lies non-stop.
Trump = loser 
trump = lier
trump = FAKENEWS 
Trump = failure 
trump = corruption & nepotism
#impeachtrumpnow
Alternative facts much?!?
The only reason you will make America great again is when you get impeached.
Fox is Mainstream media FYI.
We know the media lies. America knows this. Nothing they say matters. There talking lib to dem. The smarter america ignores them!
That is vile & low even for you & millions will die like they did before ACA in 2009 #GOP #deathpanels & all for tax cuts for Corps & top 2%
Someone who disses journalists all the time os not trustworthy.

great optimism is an achievement?
Will all the 100 days complainers step forward and see if they can do any better. Any takers?
Please stop. Nothing has changed with borders, as with Trumpcare, Immigration, Russia, Flynn, Wiretapping, excessive golfing, Tax reform.
28 legislative signings means you average >4/day. I wonder if I can find an old tweet from you about Obama's "legislative signings".
Ohhhh man I found one already. It's about Obama always using power grabbing executive orders. This is so fun, tweet again!!!

To Dems, slavery never ended. They want to control everyone from cradle to grave. #DemocratLiesMatter  
only thing fake is u! Bigly
You have no accomplishments! You have brought hate and have hurt this country! You are delusional! Meds aren't working, your dementia is bad
Keep saying it long enough. Soon you'll believe it.
oooh ... you named some VA clinics after some people ... you asked for a couple reports ... BIGLY AND HISTORIC!!
You haven't done anything.  #cockholster
We will give you the fake news you want so badly !!! @GoingApeship
:D

Give 30 mins of ur time to talk with Dennis Michael Lynch a true American & Trump supporter. Check his page and tweeter
So what

The peoples' President
If our borders are so strong we obviously dont need a wall
Soooo happy to see a REAL PRESIDENT. Who really cares about America,our border,our schools,etc. Go Trump!!!
Optimism is not an achievement, stupid!
WHERE IS THE WALL?  Why are you funding Planned Parenthood???
The Mainstream media was your best friend when you needed to kick the hornets nest for the last 8 years.
Because this is what a president does, ding dong.

The legislative signings have been almost all to overturn Obama work dumbass
prosecuting a woman for #laughingatsessions
making a Russian spy natl security advisor
appointing a literal nazi to his staff
you did a lot!
I can sign my life away to the devil 28xs, is that an achievement?
Executive orders are not achievements I understand you haven't gotten very many so you don't understand that
You have no real achievements, stop lying to yourself and the American people!
Are your referring to your unconstitutional EO's?  You've passed nothing and you have both houses.  What a joke.
You sure like to TOOT your own horn a lot. I guess it is part of that serious disorder you have. It's a shame you must do that. SMH Sad
signing your name on a piece of paper is not action start unifying one love one people America the Great
Optimism? I am Optimistic that you will be Impeached. you know who else tried this "Fake media" Crap? Yeah, you know who...
Too many E O's!   Why?
We're not optimistic and it's not because of the media. It's because of you.
Go read a book other than playboy..
How about this? The economy grew at just 0.7 percent in the first quarter, a sharp decline from 2.1 percent in the final quarter of 2016.
And you lie about ur a achievements ur delusional ur approval ratings r lowest ever in history.  We should all be worried
The world and  MAJORITY of Americans who did not vote for you are not at all optimistic. We are scared by your inability to function.
Fuckin up the nation, environment and set civil rights back is not an achievement. Ass-clown!
So it's fake because it informs the public about how shitty you are?
There have been ZERO achievements. Even Confirmation of your S. C. NOMINEE had to be DONE BY CHANGING THE Senate Rules with nuclear option!
Great optimism?! Half the country has actually gotten up off their couch to protest you. That's really saying something.
Oh, they know what you signed-and reported on that pile of childishly signed . At least 100 days are behind us.
This is good, isn't it?
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/03/business/new-york-times-co-q1-earnings.html?smid=tw-share …
@nytimes
Can you actually list all the things you've signed without using Google for reference?
Please speak for yourself! I am terrified with you in office! I will be optimistic when you are impeached and jailed.
A different view:  I believe that mainstream media has treated you with incredible restraint, normalizing  behavior unprecedented in the WH.
You're pathological..will never have the respect u desire, u r destroying this country..pathetic man boy
Donald's achievements.
Donald's endless stream of lies.
Donald's lack of transparency.
Donald's ethics entanglements and collusion.
veto the rino/demo budget bill or go down in flames. #vetothebudget
Fox News counts as mainstream, no? Do you want a participation trophy? #snowflake
*yawn* Are you still yammerin' away, old man Trump?
MSM will admit the accomplishments as soon as they point out Obama's screw ups. ... NEVER!!!
Please stay above the media fray.  You are better than that.
NO they tell the truth. your admin is a joke and able to accomplish nothing. Those are the facts of the matter. You are just delusional...
Awww...little feelings hurt??
#BuildThatWall #draintheswamp
Stop it. Just stop it. You can not claim "fake" just because you don't agree with something. Provide evidence. Get a dictionary!
Keep the good work sir
STRONG BORDERS???   You are so screwed up.
They are a joke!  As an everyday American, what you are doing, what you are saying is embarrassing.
Perhaps you owe money to the Mafia State and China and you're using American tax payers & erasing @POTUS44 policies to pay your bill
Tengase cuidado que esos medios son parte de la estrategia de los democratas que aun siguen dolidos.
What achievements? Everyone does know these are meaningless and take America backwards not forwards. #failure
what about the long list of people and groups you have disrespected?
You are extremely unfit and incapacitated unable to represent the American people mentally you can resign without damaging your ego much
We are aware and greatful
Mainstream (fake) President who lost popular vote by 2.5 million people spends all day tweeting in bathrobe and boxers
Poor poor fake trump
Fake POTUS!
Are you really going to sign a budget that funds PP, illegals, & Ocare?  doesn't increase military, & doesn't fund wall?
Your legislative signings will be nixed by next POTUS. Don't get too high on yourself. Not about you, it is about the 50% that dislike you.
strong borders? So who is paying for this Wall of yours?
Legislative? No. Your EOs had nothing to do with the legislature. Go back to high school civics.
