This is what their commies professors taught them!
1st amendment. 25th amendment you go before they go!
Okay. So start with the obvious and completely right leaning Fox news. Or how about you just leave the 1st Admendment alone?
Greetings from Germany: Media control is a sign of a dictatorship. You are destroying your country.
I trust those news outlets over you any day. You lie and deflect all the time. When you're called out, you acuse the others lying. Big Baby!
The only thing not fair to the public is YOU!!!  Resign.
Freedom of the press no matter how or what they say is unchangeable in the 1st amendment of the constitution! This is not a dictatorship!
NATIONAL ENQUIRER PUTS OUT BETTER INFORMATION..AMERICA KNOWS..THEY ARE GOING TO ALWAYS TRY TO DESTROY YOU AS TO REP WOLVES.
You are not the owner of The United States of America. You are a selected public servant. The people do not work for you, You work for us.
Hahahahaha this dumb wannabe dictator!
They're only going to put themselves out of business. There is enough alternative news, that we know what's going on 24/7 w out FN.
Trump is trying to distract for lowest job number in 16 yrs
Should we round up all the Jews too?
and you must be impeached before world war 3
You're wrong.  I believe in the freedom of the press.  I'm also a conservative.  Please resign.


The louder you bellow, the less people listen.  Just saying.
I hope you make Fox News sign some agreements then.
If that were the standard Faux "News" would've been shut down in the late 90's.
Given you're illiterate, have someone read the 1st Amendment to you and then explain it to make clear to you that you just violated it.
@CNN passed debate questions. Isn't that election fraud? #CNN #FakeNews #FakeNewsCNN #FraudNewsCNN @NBCNews @NewsHour @MSNBC
So first amendment only applies to POTUS?

The Benedict Arnold Insurrectionists at CNN and MSCNB have one goal: Brain wash the public against President Trump with Lies and Fake News
They haven’t put you in jail yet lol
Proud Canadian here
Kill it Donald!
Actually I thought we weren't really that awful . you, trump, have made things a lot worse.
Ummm... hold on!!! FREEDOM OF SPEECH! You're truly unraveling! Look forward to your mental break as Karma has a way! Sad your ego is first!!
It's obvious mainstream news media are political arms pushing narratives and agendas aka propaganda. This needs to be addressed.
Whether you like President Trump or not, there's a serious problem in the media. If you can't see it, that means the propaganda is working.
Only someone with Communist sympathies would want to circumvent the First Admendment.
why do you keep attacking freedom of speech ? #fakedictator
While Puerto Rico needs help and the west is burning you can think of nothing else to post
Is that what Volodya told you to do?
Most emperors are thin skinned.
Are you listening @FoxNews and Sinclair News?
#FakePresident #FakeChristian #FakeHuman Americans need to revoke your license. You're a Clear & Present Danger to    Not fair to public!
Ignorant person.
You the ignorant one! Trump is dangerous with his 'fake news' cries  People do not forget who he imitates so wake up!! You think you're 'safe' because you support him? Deluded @Mainekindxl  Can you believe people are so dumb Rick?!
I don't feel I'm ignorant nor dumb. Just because Flynn is getting off on a plea bargain, doesn't mean that Trump colluded with the Russians. We don't know anything yet, so don't get your hopes up!
Oh I'm not getting my hopes up Trump is going down, we just don't know when!
I'm glad you proud as a woman to have him as your #POTUS What's not to like? 
I hate that he said that. That disgust me. I do not condone that kind of talk or behavior. However, I could not in good conscience vote for Hillary Clinton. I felt she was extremely corrupt and breaking many laws. I chose the lesser of two evils in my opinion.
How about not choosing either evil? If they are 'evil' how can you vote for them? Abstain
Listen, one of them was going to win. I had to make a choice. I didn't like either one. I don't want to get into a debate about why I voted.
Cooper is such a loser! Surprising he's still employed!
Have you even read the Constitution that you swore an oath to preserve, protect, and defend?  The National Archives keeps a copy...you should look at the First Amendment!
Can we say dictator?
He is an "executive" officer. It seems like he is just doing what executives do...making lots of decisions. Executive means execute, on top.
In business yes. In our government, he's not top. He's the highest postiont in a gov't made up of 3 branches. Judges rule over Trump.
True, but he is on top of the executive branch. He makes decisions and that is his job to do that. Some hate his personality...thats life.
You clearly don’t understand. This is the danger of an undereducated republic.
I am very educated. Politically I am neutral. Look at all GMO in foods. Whose fault? Not Trumps.
You eat food? You eat GMOs. Sorry. Also, altering DNA of plants has no effect on your health when you digest it...
One step closer to a dictatorship!
There is a prediction that Obama will be the last president. If this turns out to be true, we are seeing the beginning of a monarchy.
Keep you up at night creating silly ideas?
Every tweet makes me realize this country is turning more and more into North Korea
If you don’t think it’s valid to at least challenge networks creds, look no further than NBC turning down Harvey Weinstein piece
And his wife a terroristic hand gesture. Our president talked about grabbing women by their privates and was defended. Women said he would..
True.  @FoxNews is is this bad.  Good of you to admit it.  Next time call them out by name.
I am with you Mr President.
has become so partisan, distorted and fake that he must be challenged and, if appropriate, revoked. Not fair to public!
Immature.
They are digging their own graves.  Leave them alone and they'll put you back in office.  Your supporters are  not fooled by fake news.
No!! Let the free market handle this. It smacks of beginning censorship. Tho I agree with you, that is a slippery slope Mr President. Shalom
You are the biggest fake. you lie so much you are incapable of knowing the truth
- The Presdent is telling the truth about the US media.
TRUMP-YOU CAN'T SHUD OFF FREE SPEECH THAT DOESN'T FIT YOUR NARRATIVE.  YOU DON'T LIKE IT, THERE IS A REMOTE, CLICK
We all have lots of practice turning off fake news!
FAKE NEWS ARE OPINION NETWORK -PROPAGANDA MACHINE FOR THE LEFTWITHOUT TRUMP, THEY HAVE NOTHING TO REPORT TRUMP IS A RATING MACHINE
Can we revoke you?
Dear #America has @potus read the 1st Amendment?
Asking for 6.6 billion friends.
You are not fair to public. If you were, you would stop your lying and petty childlike behavior. Bad!!!
I Support You Mr. President!
You're the one needs to be fuking challenged mate !!!!!!  No two doubts about it !  I dare you to face me on television w letterman as coach
"Sweden"
NOPE! Freedom of speech, even for YOUR ridiculous statement. Did you even TAKE government in that “special” high school you attended?
Your present position is not fair to the public, and should be revoked.
Amendment 1: Congress shall make no law prohibiting the free exercise or abridging the freedom of speech, or the press
I agree the news looks out for themselves they don't care who they hurt......GO DONALD
Will vote yes to this
The most over used word ever FAKE!
You may want to re-read the first amendment, dotard.
The constitution (do you know that)? you swore to uphold? ohhhh I am so pissed off...
Yes and my family agrees with you
Sounds a lot like the present government.  #Resign
Wow you need to read our Constitution and for once think about us not you.  This isn't about you..get over yourself please
Who else controlled the media with the aim of world domination, Adolf Hitler.
Don’t worry immoral Anderson is a flash in the pan.
The public with common sense doesn't watch anymore.   I haven't watched network news, CNN or MSNBC since January 2016. #MAGA #BoycottNFL
Ya I haven't for about 40years it's always told the news the way they want u to here it
#Ignoranceisbliss #Bigot
This is a dangerous statement, to say generally and to the public.
Dangerous? Not dangerous. Pretty accurate in my opinion. The media is out of control!!
Translation "Network news doesn't tell the stories I want them to so I want to shut them down. Not fair on me!" How #putinesque ?
Media is a real problem right now.  Are you oblivious to this? Grow up.
A president should never even think about what you just said. Executives have no right to control the press just because you don’t like them
such a transparent little mimosa.
There is a parasite living in your brain. Sad.
You're a fucking idiot!
What not fair to the public is having a self serving president!!!! You dont give two fucks about the American people!!
Revoke their broadcasting licenses  intil the stop the manipulation and lies...!!!
We just turn them off! We are smarter than they think!!!!
It would be a different world if they were accountable to the truth....ALL MEDIA
Hey TwitLER, YOU have become SO partisan, distorted and a LYING DUMBFUCK that USA MUST IMPEACH YOU! Unfair to USA! SEE POLLS! #IMPEACH #SAD
Get over that fake news BS. The only thing fake is you and u pretending to care about this country . All u care about is your ego SAD
It's really frustrating, isn't it, that you can't force people to like you.
Trump 2/24/17: "No one respects the First Amendment more than me."
Trump 10/11/17: Revoke network news licenses
It's called the free press for a reason.  Our government cannot silence voices just because they don't like what is being said
NO, YOU ARE NOT A DICTATOR.  They are free to report as they see fit. Dont like it? Sue them.
Can we start with disbanding Faux News?
agreed totally Doctors lawyers nurses have to give accounting to licensing boards...why not the lame stream media? Libel, Slander, defamation, propaganda news needs to be file 13d. They don't use their posts responsibly they need to go flip burgers or something.
This is sounding quite a lot like facism now. Pipe down Mr T.
YOU are making JUDGMENT on the NEWS? MR LIAR & FAKE? Lets just get rid of U & that will solve all our problems! Yr #1 IDIOT. #ImpeachTrump
THIS IS FREE COUNTRY! If YOU DON’T LIKE IT PLEASE FEEL FREE TO RESIGN AND HEAD TO RUSSIA
Threatening to silence the free press because they call you out on your bullshit and expose your lies and corruption? Wow. Impeach already!!
I  totally agree Mr. President!
What's NOT FAIR to the public is YOU!
Agreed! 
Infowars, Fox News and Brietbart should be on notice.
(That is what you meant right?)
Anarchistic journalists should be shut out of press conferences. If that means a few news organisations go bankrupt for fake news so be it.
Yeah well it’s your fault so own up to it buddy.
What is next? Shootin black people on sight becoz they dnt look like u??
they speak the truth about you and you hate that, this is not Russia,China,or North Korea you don't control what the news reports!
So "rightly news" which is neither right nor news believes in revoking the First Amendment-  must be a communist like @PutinRF_Eng
The more truth that comes out about Obama, Hillary and the demoncrats, the more ferocious the attacks on President Trump get....
I agree if it's  a news s station there should be laws for giving fake news without being forewarned .
The only REVOCATION here is whatever it was that revoked your mind.  The news isn't going anywhere.  If you don't like it, stop creating it.
Reckless nuclear statements like this, can start a Nuclear war. NBC must be held accountable.!
No! You do not like the Truth.  Here it is.Over 70% of the News agencys are Republican Owned. Russians put a lot out too. Go yell at THEM
Could any news media outlet watch you play a round of golf; and keep score?
Well then FOX has to be held to account first and foremost. The disingenuous, sycophantic interviews with you(r)/ family make me wanna puke!
Can you not shut up about anything you need to worry about being president and stop worrying about everything else
Maybe we can get all the news that matters from #45s handlers in Russia. Ok? Or breitbart? Maybe make Mein Kampf required reading? #45?
Are you kidding me??? Holy shit scary.
Free speech means that people can disagree with you. So we are all supposed to get our news from Fox? 1984 is not fiction any more
Right. And best start with FoxFakeNews.
Please explain how are "Libs Running the show" when the GOP controls the House, senate & WH? Just askin'. #MoronsAreGoverningAmerica
Fox, right? You're talking about Fox News?
the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government
MSM is so fake! Pull the licenses!!
That 1st Amendment is a real pain in the ass isn't it? Remember when Republicans used to pretend to be the defenders of the Constitution?
Gotta figure a law suit against the president is coming one of these days. Just one tweet away at all times
ExecutiveOrders AllTheWay:NOMOREVIOLENT CommyDemonstrators 3rdWORLDBEHAVIORS OnStreetsOfOurOwnLand LetsImposeDiscipline Once&4All CNNGottaGo
The 1st Amendment: Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise
They are not trustworthy or honest. The #MSM has been taken over by Leftwing thugs and turned it into a mere propaganda machine.
Your ELECTION wasn't fair to the Public!
The oath you took to protect the 1st amendment will not be upheld? Which other amendments are you going to get rid of, the 25th?
Dork
You are an anti-American if you try to suppress free speech
Read the FCC rules. Ask for help with the big words.
Repeal the FCC! Defang it. We don't need it. It's a bunch of purity laws. Let the people decide what they want to see. Govt stay out!
Does that go for NBC too retard ???
Abridgment of free speech being used the way it was always intended like a fucking dictator is now “fair to the public”

If by public, you mean yourself, then yes.
Guess we gotta can Fox, huh?
Still sore over your loss? Suck it up I guess.

They have a responsibility to the people, not to government.  Can choose to listen or we can turn it off
The US people have become partisan because of you. #MoronDon
#FakePresident
The most fake news channel is the one from Australia.

they are not news, they are the rags....full of fairy tales and fiction writers.
I wish we could revoke your license as the The King Of Fake News! #realfacts
What are you waiting for ? You expect Amapour to do a special episode for u on CNN ??
Don come on get a grip You are Useless and tell lies #endof
REVOKE THEM!!!
#25amendment
YOU HATE THE NETWORK NEWS BECAUSE OF BUTT HURT FROM THE WHCD ROASTs! Grow up!
You are not holding up to your oath of Office. Re-read it before tweeting anything else. Never has there been a POTUS who complained so much
WHY DON'T YOU HAVE THE GUTS TO GO ON ANYTHING EXCEPT FOX NEWS!!
Maybe they should re-license as "entertainment", not "news" (you know, like Fox..they at least admit up front they're not news).
you go right ahead and challenge licenses it will get you impeached faster they are protected
Agree!!!!!!
Good idea!
#draintheswamp

Your fascism is showing again.
whoops, there's this little thing called the 1st Amendment standing in the way of that plan
You know what's not fair to public...
Ok Donny. Shut them all down. Still won’t make you any better a president. You really do suck at it.  #loserinchied #my1stammendmentrights
