Thank god you backed Luther! We got the crazy bat shit guy instead because of you.
No
PLEASE DONT LISTEN TO THE DEMS ABOUT GUN LAWS. GUNS DONT KILL THE PEOPLE BEHIND THEM DO.WE SUPPORTER YOU AND NRA.LEAVE THE GUNS ALONG PLEASE
Drain the swamp VOTE FOR DOUG JONES TO FILL THE SENATE SEAT!
Were you wrong.
sorry i am for Moore, U live in the swamp & Mitch & Ryan must be twisting ur arm. and you are force to concede so you can get other stuff done.  until weak sessions starts indicting the swamp you will have a tough go. may God be with you
Big day in Alabama. Vote for Luther Strange, he will be great!...
He lost.
Luther will lose
No he wouldn't be
Love when you endorse people. It reassures me that voting for the other guy is the right move.
Whyyyyyy?
I just retweeted our POUS. I can't vote there. I trust the state gets who is best for them , who Ever that is. I support POUS& thus my tweet
No.... Vote for Roy Moore.
He's a bigot just as you are. He does not support human rights.  But, then, this is Alabama.
Sorry Donald, that is what you said about yourself, and so far its been a pathetic circus #failedpresidenttrump

Please resign.
Vote against anyone that trump is backing
Whatever you say the safe thing is to do the opposite.
@realDonaldTrump tell #WHITENATIONALISTS the #Truth.  #confederate was an act of #Treason #domesticterrorism #racism & #EVIL
@GOP demand all states tear down #confederate statues that depict an act of #racism #domesticterrorism and #treason
You are socially tone deaf and morally corrupt.
Just like you! Ha!
Your message should be: Lets make legislation to ban and ones and for all brake down these hate/ racist groups from destroying America.
they voted for you and now look!!! #Charlottesville

Not one tweet about the tragedy in Charlottesville !!!!
That says it all.  U must b proud of the tragedy your followers caused
I support you Mr. President.However,Mr. Strange is associated with the group that doesn't want your agenda 2 succeed.I can assure u of that.

Incase you get bored of using the word 'Great' thought I suggest a few more;prominent, gifted, talented; outstanding, foremost,exceptional.
Get rid of bannon
I don't want to
Until he does it says something you don't like. Then you will bash him on social media just like everyone else. You're pathetic.
34% approval rating, your the last person to be endorsing anyone GO AWAY ILLEGITIMATE !!!
Commander, respectfully aren't there bigger issues at hand. You are President and boss now. You can't root for all them the bashers use it.
Judge Roy Moore!! Far better!
That's a death knoll, not an endorsement. But please feel free to endorse so we know who NOT to vote for 
34%  34%  34% 
Think you just destroyed his chances of winning.
GOD BLESS OUR COUNTRY AND THE PRESIDENT OF OUR GREAT COUNTRY 
Not going to do it
Welcome home


Real class in the White House stopped here. Most tweeted tweet ever. Thanks Obama. We miss you.
He is a Racist too!
#FakePresident
And your policies are removing the ability to stamp out domestic terrorism!
You want your agenda that your allegedly still trying to push through? Then Strange is not gonna help you. Mo Brooks is your answer there
Big Day In NYC... The President Goes on an Ignorant Retweeting Spree..
You Can't Make this cr@p up!!  You Fascist you...
This morning you managed to call yourself a fascist while posting an image of a train hitting a reporter, 4 days after Charlottesville...
It's almost as if you were working on an insanity plea...
General Kelly not having any luck prying your tiny sausage fingers off of the smartphone I see.
I guess IMPEACHMENT is our only hope then...
The Greatest President Ever 

ARREST & SUE @ananavarro she is a NAZI #FireAnaNavarro #FireAna @CNN 
https://twitter.com/immigrant4trump/status/896833093612470272 …
What is even GREATER is this from @sethmeyers:
And Seth Meyers donated to the Hillary campaign and lost all his money.His bosses too so he would never say a good thing about our lives now
It's not about Seth Meters, much less his bosses, troll.  Talk about missing the point.   Comparing murderers to victims, racists to those they seek to abuse, and honest-to-God Nazis to those trying to peacefully protest them or protect peaceful protesters is morally insane.
George Soros, Hillary Clinton, Obama are the Nazi's who infiltrated Antifa, BLM and the like. Billions they spend. People you may know. Harder to know who to trust these days.
He didn't win!! Thank Goodness!
Congrats Luther! You just got an endorsement from one of the most polarizing politicians of our time.
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Sorry - you picked the wrong guy in this race. Go Mo!
He lost. 

