he sees it. He's just a lying sack of shit with no integrity. Not worth it.
One thing I know isn't a lie; those oven baked chicken wings on http://SeriousEats.com  really do come out quite nicely. Baking powder FTW.
And Sally Yates reiterated what we already knew: You've been covering for Flynn and ignoring repeated warnings.

Sally Yates just shut down Ted Cruz on Constitutional Law. 
LOL you need a better example. In this one Cruz got served. I see your INA and raise you and call the constitution on your azz.
She was ready for @tedcruz 
Definitely.  She could not wait to answer.
That was the best moment. Other than when she pointed out Trump is a liar who covered for Flynn
That's not what he said.
Not at all.
But #SallyYates DID say this.
https://www.marchfortruth.info 
And pretty much everyone wants an #IndependentInvestigation.
#SallyYates 
#TrumpRussia
#MarchForTruth
#TheResistance

The only senator on the right track is @SenBlumenthal 
And Al Franken. What happened during those 18 days? What is the White House hiding? If not collusion, then what?
Like the saying goes...if you've got nothing to hide, then you've nothing to worry about!!! Right???
Exactly. I'm a Republican turned Dem too. EPIC FAIL @GOP making Trump the face of the party
What made you change party affiliation?
Trump. When the GOP let him represent the party, I was done. Everything since then just proves I made the right choice. He just fired Comey.
That is not at all what he said. Keep spinning.
Yates proved that you knew Flynn was compromised yet had him talk to Putin on the phone.
Lets not forget 45's Felony Intimidation tweet this morning! Sounds Impeachable to me!
We can see the flickering of the gas lights.
Clapper confirmed Russia *did* hack GOP groups but never released it.

So, Donald, what do they have on you?
@RonColeman Not really, no.
"Comey confirmed" 
Nope, not what he said. He said he wasn't even made aware of the investigation. So of course he wouldn't be made aware of the evidence.
James Clapper confirmed that your business ties with Russia are the subject of an ongoing investigation. Want to talk about that?
And lets not forget Clapper also said that British Intel shared sensitive information with our own IC. IMO thats kind of a big news flash
I think he said British plus other European countries as well.
I stand corrected, he did
hears the ariticle ,GCHQ knew about russian/trump  before U.S knew & gave U.S the info as part of routine exchange .
If they got any evidence why not just produce it. It's now almost 5 months.
If you make evidence public prematurely you can undermine the on going investigation. Nixon's took several years don't forget!
Wrong! He said he wasn't made aware of the investigation, so didn't know the evidence. Today was a disaster for you.
You tampered with an ongoing investigation and tried to intimidate Sally Yates. Luckily for the nation, she has courage and character.
Probably fired her over it plus EO.
Feinstein admits to Wolf Blitzer no evidence of Trump #Russia collusion.
It also names several other representatives who say there is evidence including @RepAdamSchiff & @RepSwalwell - details are still classified
As the investigation is ongoing, it is illegal to reveal to the public (at this stage) the specific details of the evidence they've seen.
Sounds like u should b more worried about the low life leakers who leaked this info. We better hope there isn't an unmasking...
Bahahaha, guess what -  if the leaks are real then so is the information being leaked!
Our president is so stupid he admits that the leaked info is TRUE by confirming the leaks are happening and not being fabricated
Super dumb
Actually, Clapper said that you doubting it was Russia that interfered w our election helps no one but Russia. #Complicit

I truly believe that Donald Trump is in bed with the Russians up to his eyeballs and that's where most of his money comes from
Both of his sons said it outright. That all the money for new golf clubs, etc. comes from Russian investors.

The quote from Lumberjack-Jr I actually heard live in an interview. The one from Count Trumpula has been around for a couple of days.
Alright, Donald, Sally's clearly gotten to you but I'm worried all of this Flynn business is going right over your head.
Given Trump has no ideology beyond supporting his own ego, I don't think he even grasps any of it was wrong.
Narcissists don't think in terms of right and wrong. Whatever they get away with is right, and whoever stops them is wrong.
Absolutely correct. Whatever they do is inherently ok, since they're the ones doing it.
It's always Fake News or I'm Great. He is a delusional, mentally unstable fool.
Sure is."Those other people are lying about me! Making things up! I'm great! Believe me!" Same as any narcissist would say in that situation
Pre-emptively slandering people before they speak out is a good indicator... he attacks Yates because he knows she knows.
Narc: "Sure, you can ask them about me, but don't expect them to tell the truth. They'll lie about me."
The more you deny it, the more we know it's true.
Tommy, hold on for the tweet storm. He is just getting started tonight.
And here it comes!!
I just made popcorn.
I'm making a feast like it's the super bowl
Don't forget the cake.
Chocolate cake at that-the best cake you've ever seen...beautiful! #SalleyYatesIsAPatriot #TrumpRussia
ADHD much. We're firing mistels at Iran or something..oh look at the cake.
We are praying for you @realDonaldTrump #PrayForTrump #GodBlessAmerica
No WE are not. WE are praying he's impeached sooner rather than later.
That's not even close to what happened today, you delusional lying bastard.
And Atty. Gen. Yates said she could not answer the question without compromising classified information.
Me too.
And me too, definitely.
Don't forget me!
Sally Yates kicked your ass with words bro. You are so going to JAIL.
Sally Yates makes you nervous tweet. And you get nervous because you are guilty.
So what do we call @POTUS twitchy tweets...Tweechies?
I like twitchy pants tweeter. The entire world would know who y were referring to. I am suffering from Trumpanxiety. It will become a thing.
Millions of us have been suffering from Trumpanxiety Syndrome since the day we woke up and found that we live in Fu*ktard Twittler's world.
Trump Anxiety is not a joke. Public is on verge of a total rebellion. DC is not handling this situation. Comey firing does not feel legal.
completely legal...and completely F#@^$* up
I know is the Pres but aren't there steps that have to be taken in Gov jobs. Verbal warning, written warning, appeal system.  Feels so wrong
FLYNN
FLYNN
FLYNN
FLYNN
FLYNN
FLYNN
FLYNN
FLYNN
FLYNN
FLYNN
FLYNN
FLYNN
FLYNN
FLYNN
FLYNN
FLYNN
FLYNN
FLYNN
FLYNN
FLYNN
FLYNN
FLYNN
FLYNN
Flynn asked for immunity.
RESIGN YOU PATHETIC MORONIC SPOILED RICH PRICK
Here is our political expert Rosie!! Dems wanted Comey gone recently. Maybe she forgot about that. Love the hypocrisy and stupidity of rosie
She takes the cake, literally, for being a hypocrite and stupid!
Rosie is the biggest hypocrite there is! A washed up wanna-be celebrity.
It was a thing of beauty watching her take him down
#SallyYatesIsAPatriot
He also reiterated that Un-classified leaks are not leaks!
And there is evidence.  That's why Yates could not speak of so much.
What happened?  Cartoons?  I mean I get that Trump is cartoonish, but you know cartoons aren't real, right?
That's not what was said
Along with the fact that Michael Flynn was compromised by the Russians, potentially criminally, and y'all took no action for weeks
Obviously Zack wasn't paying attention. 
They all spoke like kindergarten teachers, how did you miss the details?
Zach looks to be about twelve, don't be too hard on him 
I was out mowing lawns during heat waves up hill with a push mower by 12 lolololol 
Damn snowflakes
It's truly sad
What's truly sad is you attacking somebody's looks instead of saying something relevant. Low intelligence usually has that effect on people.
Looking young is now an attack?
Spoke some gooder English there
My goodness, your intelligence comes through with every word.  You're a regular mensa candidate!
Wait (period).  Was that sarcasm?
I remember the last time a president insisted "I am not a crook"


I just spit out my drink when I saw this. 
Remember that time you posed as a pretend publicist (John Miller) so that you could say nice things about yourself on-air? So damn pathetic.
That. Was. The. Best. 
.@realDonaldTrump Yea, that’s not what he said. You sure like to misquote people. Fortunately, there’s a thing called video.
Did you enjoy #SallyYates today? Maybe she could pop by and help you understand what it means to be President. #yatesplaining

That's why Trump isn't worried then?
donald ... oh donald... 18 days after they told u - "HEY FLYNN IS A TRAITOR" u did nada - @realDonaldTrump cause you are in bed with PUTIN
and more sons and daughters sent to die in the desert 

putins war - arming the taliban 

sick - all of it
It's truly an obscenity.
Cowardly, SENILE trump 
Getting ready to send more kids to put THEIR lives on the line.
It. Is. Fucking. Shameful.
Umm, you weren't listening clearly.
Working overtime on this one!
He probably planned this tweet before they even started the hearing.
There is no fake media Donald.  You are reaching.
Did you watch the hearings?
He crapped his Depends
He can't help it. He has constant diarrhea. That's why he's so angry all the time.
That's the opposite of what he said. You are not smart.
Opposite of smart = POTUS
Fixed your header for you, @realDonaldTrump
That is not what he said.
What a shameless, relentless liar you are. Everyone who watched it knows you're not telling the truth, Donnie.
Director Clapper reiterated what everybody, including the fake media already knows- there is "no evidence" of collusion w/ Russia and Trump.
If he said there was a 100-year blizzard coming, I'd crank the A/C.
You silly. The investigation is still going on. Clearly they have lots of evidence. Don't worry, you'll find out soon #SallyYates
You must be really sweating the airtight case being built to be tweeting about it this much.
What you're doing is dangerous, Unamerican and childish.

STOP insulting our journalists.
And your liberals think journalists is higher and cannot be judged
Where do you get your news? Hmm? What made-up fairytale land serves up what you want to hear? Whatever your issues, truth is truth.
No. Clapper said that he did not see that in his report, but that he didn't know that a counter-intelligence investigation was going on.
Comey testified Intel hearing he hadn't (even w/Clapper), nor will share "evidence" until investigation is complete!
@realDonaldTrump ur banner on TL are LIES! No evidence" bc Comey TESTIFIED he hasn't/will not release evidence until INVESTIGATION is over! 
lol nah that's like, 1,000,000,000% not at all what he said V. NICE TRY WITH THE LYING THO.
He only said "no evidence" of tampering with vote tallies. He explicitly said foreign intel couldn't do more, and later said the FBI could.
The president just doubled down on this lie with a new @realDonaldTrump splash photo. Clapper said nothing like it. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/861712617299210240 …
Fat?
What don't tell me you finally shed some pounds? What took ya so long?
Hey at least the fraudulent part is solid just ask @runasand
Or @pierre
No evidence that he knows of, because he doesn't know what the FBI might know http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2017/05/sally-yates-clapper-russia-trump-hearing-michael-flynn …
I think you missed the point of the day.
If that's true then you should stop worrying about it and talking about it. If it is true then you're in a lot of trouble.
If there is no evidence, then stop interrupting the investigation
Yes, Ms Bond! If there's no smoke, why they so concerned about this non-existant fire?
Who wrote "reiterated" for you?
He'll be okay buddy, relax.
He didn't say that. #FakeNews from a #FakePOTUS
@NightShiftNews They just need to let this go! Election is over! Stick w/ the facts.  Accept the facts.  Move on.
Our issue is not that he's president. Its how he got there *despite the popular votes and the majority of the public shaking their heads.
Interesting.He got there like every previous president-electoral votes.That is how it works.
I don't feel like arguing with those people who are determined to cause chaos. Gotta booming headache tonight. 
I can respect the headache- there's another day- just know thats not chaos that I wish to achieve- I'm truly curious as to what people see
You whiners are so funny. Seems you are unaware that the same privacy laws that protect the privacy of peons like you also protect @POTUS.
Has nothing to do with your whiny demands to see @POTUS' taxes. You always have this much trouble focusing?
His taxes are NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS! Suck it up and move on. I'm not showing you my taxes either. I'm entitled to same privacy as @POTUS
Shut the FUCK UP you incredibly disgusting disgraceful pile of shit!! Firing a #PATRIOT does not make you a president! #ImpeachTrump #Russia
Know if you can just get Chuck Schumer to believe that. But for some reason I don't think Chuck will come around.
you rock Perez #DTS
So if there is no evidence, why is trump hiding his taxes?  Log books?  Lie constantly about "I have no ties to Russia"? #daysarenumbered
CNN obtained trumps 2005 tax return, he paid 40 million on an income of 150 million. Thua far there is zero evi of Russia ties.
Drama queen Maddow treated if it was earth shattering. Every one of these Deplorable reporters needs to be repealed and replaced
I know, and considering they knew what it said it proves they are all just rateings whores. They would eat thier own shit on TV for rateings
I will pay to watch that
I have no interest in watching that guy eat his own shit.
You are meeting with the Russians tomorrow thank god you fired #Comey before he got a chance to question them...
It's a beautiful thing! Dems are going crazier every day.
Not true. And lying to your uninformed base will not save you
Enlighten those who ask for proof that what you state is based on evidence not this
@NBCNews  #DearMrPresident mr clapper said he couldn't say there is  info of collusion, because it is tied to ongoing investigation…impeach!
TRUMP only hears what he WANTS to hear. Clapper didn't say there is no evidence of collision with Russia.
Director Clapper reiterated what everybody, including the fake media already knows - there is no "evidence" of collusion w/ Russia and Trump
I had no idea that you could be so funny. The evidence is still under investigation. Which you are trying to thwart. So transparent.
#SallyYates is a slayer! She was ready for Cruz and she one hell Of a smart tough cookie. 
- The real  FAKE is Donald Trump who is about as much capable of being President as my dog Renegade!!!!!!!!!!

https://twitter.com/newttrump/status/861742434040119296 …
That remark lives in YOUR MIND ONLY, talk about fake, FAKE PRESIDENT!!!
Black is White tweet # 327
*Mr. President, when Director Clapper, certainly no fan of the Trump Administration, says "no evidence" Democrats turn all Nancy Pelosi!*
Gotta have the #russianhacking BS, or what would the Satanic oligarchy do without the WWIII pretext to cover up their massive crimes?
but there is evidence of collusion with hilary, obama and russia
Hillary giving uranium to Russia and Obamas off air comments to Russia. They should be investigated!
you've just described yourself; read your own, reeking with angst and rankor twit, twit
My identity, like yours and those you defend, is not inseperably wrapped up in a morally bankrupt political party(both); i identify as human
Former DNI chief James Clapper on Michael Flynn: “He is not a coffee boy, this is not a hoax, it’s not fake, it’s real.” #FlashbackFriday #FridayFeeling #TrumpRussia #Flynn http://cnn.it/2AjarbL 
That's simply false. You lie - again! Resign before you're impeached!
Liar
I just pray and wish u can live another 20 yes, in FN JAIL

Mr #FakePresident is panicking!!! You're now interfering with an ongoing investigation about YOU!!! Priceless!! @POTUS
Did Comey have evidence?
Wait, what does the 'fake media already knows' sth mean? Is it a paradox?
Sure....you fired Coony cause he was mean to HRC...pleaaase...why don't you just fake a heart attack and resign with dignity..
Propaganda from #LyinTrump. Time to #ImpeachTrumpNow
Director Clapper reiterated what everybody, including the fake media already knows- there is "no evidence" of collusion ...
Stop with the word fake, Mr. President! I can't hear/read it anymore!
Why is it only "fake" news when it either disagrees with you or reports on something stupid that you say or do?
except that you fired your campaign manager for taking illegal contributions...more trump falkery.
The Comey firing is the best thing you have done so far. Now drain John Podesta and all the other Pedophiles in Washington
Dems make much ado about nothing
First time he has told the truth all year!
What rational, free thinking Americans think? You're going to destroy us with your pompous ignorance. You are truly insane.
Ding dong the Russian Fairytale is DEAD!
How convenient! You fired @JamesComeyFBI  and now we will never know- Your time will come! #DumpTrump
I get that you're worried and firing anyone who tries to look into your corruption. You are pathetic. #impeachnow. 45 is so scared. sad!
This is being done to slow down the Draining of the Swamp..#draintheswamp
You realize you're speaking of yourself in the third person like a crazy man, right?
You are a good administrator! Thank you for being decisive!
Prove it. Show tax returns as filed.
We will see
Everyone knows you're guilty. So do you. That's why you fired Comey.

The PEOPLE are not stupid.Your collusion with Russia is obvious.Your attempt to cover up is pathetic.
@annmarie440 
Fake News
Take the innocent make them guilty
Get the guilty make them innocent
True USA Citizens Trust Trump
DNC is doing everything to create a drama about you and Russians. Can't stand your success and are shooting with both barrels. We love you!
Damn, Donnie, were you trained to be so evil, or does it just come naturally!? You don't deserve the presidency! 
You do realize that "collusion" with Russia doesn't mean sharing borscht recipes, right?
Dream on
so why did you fire Comey right after he asked for resources to investigate? You are guilty. We see you.
Obama warned u of Flynn,.. U insisted becoz of little knowledge.. Now u came to see why Obama was right
Bullshit. #trumprussia #CountryOverParty  #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #LockHimUp
Zero proof of Russian Collusion"
There is plenty of Collusion with media and twitter and dems
NOT YET
Owning the message

TRUTH 

Bigly
There is and you know there is.  It's only a matter of time. Regardless of who you fire, the truth will come out.
Clapper on Kushner-Russia reports: My ‘warning light was clearly on’ #TrumpLeaks #FuckTrump #AMJoy http://politi.co/2qpxLAO 
Well the people that support u all have ur back ,u are the pres  for a reason law and order, u are doing a great job. Inspite of crazy lft.
#DontheCon #trump u r conducting a #dictatorship #coup #Clapper NEVER SAID THAT! U #paulryan & #Republicans r all #Guilty
COWARD. COVER UP. COVER UP
No, he did not.
#LIE
Man you know people are desperate when they have to constantly spam a tweet with "facts" about their "God Emperor"
Give it up tin hat foil liberals. You just look crazy. There is no evidence of Trump Russian collision. Blame Hillary. Sucks as candidate!
Hey CHEETO, YOU are The FAKE EVERYTHING!
You are WRONG AGAIN! Stop lying! He said he would not know! Good Gawd!
Why do feel you have to keep repeating this? If you're innocent of any wrong doing, help any way you can to prove that, instead if blocking>

#impeachTrumpnow 
#BillaryForPrison
Getting nervous Twitler?!? Ha! Bye bye soon Buffoon
What about all of the Russian mob living in Trump tower? Including Maniforte? And your role in money laundering??
You are delusional, Clapper said no such thing, And Comey never told you no investigation on you #you are the swamp
You crooked piece of s***. You're going to get caught and you're going to get impeached. I knew you were a crook before you became King.
What will you do when the rats start jumping ship? Tweet more stupidity?
You can´t "make up" the news. They are on to you. All reasons to be even more paranoid I guess
He actually said, "I cannot answer the question of #RussianInfluence due to ongoing SENSITIVE investigation". The only fool is you!
Yates & Clapper reaffirmed yesterday during the to say there was NO collisional but Dems need to continue to make fools
THEY HAVE NOTHING.THEY ALL LOOK SO FOOLISH AND CHILDISH.HAVE A SPECIAL INVESTIGATION AND GET IT OVER.
As for Clapper, he remarked that Russian interference in the 2016 election is "the issue we ought to be focusing on."
Omg....you're delusional.
Yep
Putin isn't the enemie. The enemies are closer to you.
What he said was that he can't answer questions about Trump-Russia ties because it "would impact an investigation". You can't tweet it away!
Comey has you now you made him a private citizen he can still testify and now not protect you
why are you so defensive?
COVER UP! @GenFlynn @Senator McConnell stop hindering appointing a special prosecutor. @HouseGOP Good I the right thing 4 American people
Please show us the text where Clapper says this.
He said they hadn't found anything yet. Stop interfering and let the investigation proceed because we need to know what Russia did.
Oh yes there is no one believes you and more and the only fake news is your lies
We know. 

The only ones who pretend they have not heard is the liberal media and liberal snowflakes.
#impeachtrump #fakepresident
You're not using quotes right Joey.
it's all bullsh*t all of the time.. double down bullsh*t.. lefty losers.. there's a new commander in chief now.. i'd work for you anytime..
Could somebody please teach @realDonaldTrump how to use quotation marks. If he only knew that this tweet says opposite of intended meaning.
Put on your listening ears . That is not what Clapper said
The libs just need to let it go and start putting the American people's interest ahead of their egos. You lost!! Get over it and move on!!
@cnn @PressSec @realDonaldTrump when will our mentally incompetant president create the information train for real media?
When will the tyrant president realize he is the Joker in the deck, as its called "Trump" when you through it down on the table?
Right Flynn the one whos life was ruined for political gain by treasonous individuals? That guy!  right to privacy right t feel safe  secure
Where are the demos on this one issue?
Bull crap.  Do you do anything other than lie?
Please hire an independent investigator to shut this Russia BS down once an for all!!! So sick of hearing it!!! Its all they got!
If @realDonaldTrump can ask the FBI if he's under investigation, then it's also okay for the IRS to disclose if he's under audit.
The truth is Americans in more states elected Donald Trump and defeated Hillary Clinton. Rest is bullshit,
Is that why the DOJ has issued subpoenas then? #watergate #Nixon #impeachTrumpnow
commie Donnie, how could you?
sure there is no evidence  just like santa Claus is real.
You make up the fake news with your constant lying! Yes there is evidence & your latest diversion will take you down 
Bullshit...you and your gang are Traitors. Subpoena his taxes. Lock them all up.
All this garbage about Russia is so childish and makes the US look like blundering idiots on the world stage ! Super state my ass !
