How can you call any news "fake," when all you do yourself is lie?!

Please stop lying, and please stop abusing your position to threaten an independent (and honest) news organization. It's not presidential.
We passed Presidential a long way back. He couldnt get a bus back to Presidential from here.
Back? He was never within throwing distance to start with. #ImpeachAndReplace
Blew by the exit. Never saw it.
 Mr. Bezos did something you didn't agree with, didn't he? Come on then,  out with it.
Are you truly that ignorant, or do you just like to Lie?
the Bolshevik propaganda machine is making up more foolish nonsense. they pay their taxes, when was the last time commie in chief did. afraid of the free press.
don't you have some real issues to handle? You have yet to disclose your income tax information - we know you, you're no longer a potus, just an angry, pitiful, conspiracy driven, hateful old man.  Old Man!
How about the Taxes Trump organization pays ?  Fair or not ?  Jeff Bezos is 1000x the man you are.  And is not a Fake everything.
No it's not. Politicians don't get their information for policy making from @washingtonpost that's just you
You are the only fake thing I've seen in a while.  Fake. Liar. Con-Artist.
Time Out time for little Donnie #10yoPOTUS
Coming from someone who pays no Federal Taxes & brags about it is telling, again. You are hopeless.
Can we keep him sedated for the rest of his term, tired of our whiny, toddler president.

Amazon pays taxes. Just a reminder.... You're in the anti-tax party now. If you want to talk about taxes, let's talk about yours.
No but why are you declassifying weapons programs?
Yes
Why are you worried about that? When was the last time you paid taxes? Oh wait let's ask Mueller
WAPO must have a big story coming out. He's mentioning them ALOT. We all see the pattern.
Well if anybody knows about no tax policy that's sure as hell is you
Stop! Just stop! This is pathetic. Are you totally unaware of how stupid it is for you to just keep ranting the same shit?
Wow!
Wow x 3 million people
Please have a heart attack soon
Taxes? Wait, where are your income tax returns? You're just jealous because @amazon and @JeffBezos hasn't had to cheat and steal wealth
There is no fake news.
Are you drunk?
Like I know you don't drink but what the hell are your last three tweets about? You don't have to tweet every crazy thought.
Yeah I hear what you're saying but have you seen how big this duck is?!
Wow thats one big duck
clean repeal #repealobamacare then start a new bill without healthcare lobbyist dictating what they want Citizens no lobbyist freemarket
IDK.  Maybe real news @BBCNews and @WSJ are being used to help @CNN prove u are the craziest, narcissistic fraud ever to be 'elected' POTUS?
This ghost writer is following criminalTrumps playbook & sticking with spreading propaganda Bull 2 divert from the FACT that He's a Russian
Proverbs 16:3
Commit your #works to the #Lord, And your #thoughts will be established.
#fakechristians make me sick. Both you and Mein Drumph are the epitome of #fakechristians
A prez who wants 2 destroy an ameeican company hiring American workers????
Speaking of taxes...
SHUT-UP!!!!!!!!!!  You are a fake presi... I can't even say the word...puke!!
“The liberty of the press is essential to the security of the state.”

— John Adams, second U.S. president
True Americans believe in the republic, the Constitution and the flag, not blind devotion to a party or elected official.
Did you see these theories on Fox News? Did Hannity call you?
NOPE. Trump admin unethically using funds supposed to help people get insurance to lobby against the ACA. STOP PROJECTING.
This Amazon-WaPo accusation is unfounded. Trump trying to weaponize DOJ to keep FBI from looking into Russia. That claim actually holds up.
Considering he "wrote" Art of the Deal, Trump has a weak poker face. Three Amazon/WaPo tweets in 15 min. Obviously hit on that Syria story.
There's a very good chance Trump is trying to create a YUGE distraction as Senate GOP votes on "Ocare" repeal. Stay focused on health care.
Agreed. Trumpcare is the greatest threat to the health of millions of Americans.
The poor should not die in the streets while the rich get their tax breaks. This is not Les Miserables.
This is the United States of America and the villains never win. Not in the end.
A scary thing about Trump is that in his warped mind he's convinced that a rich-at-birth shyster like him is not the villain but the victim.
Time for another meme @realDonaldTrump.
The American people see past the lies of Fake News.
The best way to trigger Fake News is to Build a Big Beautiful Wall!! #MAGA
Scaramucci was a home run, great choice!
Trump hilariously shutting down Fake News

Delusional
Jeff Bezos should learn to never bite the hand that feeds him
WaPo is a full time left-wing propaganda agency
We don't attack the free press. We attack the FAKE press!
People concerned with #TaxReturns should take a close look at the WaPo, instead of constantly criticizing our President
Reminder: We are in the process of establishing a 40-year conservative legacy, probably 7-2, in the #SupremeCourt
Our ultra-conservative, pro-constitution Supreme Court will live-on long after the Trump Administration. #TooMuchWinning
Ultimately, the Supreme Court that Trump will leave behind will serve to permanently paralyze the Democrat Party's campaign against liberty
President Trump is a Patriot, and a great American. Whether you agree with his policies or not, you should thank him for his service
Is Fake News Enquirer being used as Russian weapon against Americans to keep the @GOP from 
distancing themselves from u?

Thisis #FakeNews
Oh FFS! If this asinine take on 'setting up poor pathetic jr' was true, it would have come out BEFORE the election, not 8ish months later.
It's so apparently reactionary. I want the good old Bat Boy articles back 
@Minervasbard Alien Ambassador needs to make an appearance.

Give it time and this will be accepted as real news. 

(to any aliens listening now, please send help!)
This was shot on the same set they used for the moon landing
Everyday, you ruin and diminish America. Dishonest, Dishonorable, Disgraceful. Karma is just getting warmed up for you and yours. 

SO it is OK NOT 2 TAX or COLLECT taxes from MONOPOLIES OR PROFIT MAKING COMPANIES.? SEE #trumptaxplan BUT it is NOT ok for a big corporation to NOT TAX the consumers : AKA THE MIDDLE CLASS.(even though it is another 1 of ur LIES B/C AMAZON DOES COLLECT TAXES)
What, are you working for Inside Edition now? You're president, act like it!
Is Fox "News" being used as a #propaganda weapon against #America to keep the public from looking into #GOP #Trump corruption & crimes?
Amazon is destroying small entrepreneurs and in doing so destroying America -/ bookstores and Toys R Us. Amazon Bezos is a vindictive man aims at giving out discriminatory inaccurate info on IMDb. Antitrust him. If you question him, he asks for your passport to prove  otherwise.
Amazon should pay in any state that has a fulfillment center but to do it to small online craft sellers that make only like 25,000 a year is impossible to ask them to try and keep track of those sales taxes. it is more time in paperwork than craftwork would kill tiny businesses.
#help the iran plz
It will be such a fantastically wonderful day when we see you fall off your little hobby horse, little whinny man.
Large & very small businesses are able to sell on Amazon. So where is this "monopoly"?  I've bought items from companies I've never heard of. That's called a true level playing field.Tiny businesses don't have $$ for marketing but Amazon shows their products alongside huge corps.
Is #FakePresident @POTUS 45 being used as a Russian agent against America to keep his stupid idiotic self in the WH? Probably!

You accuse #Amazon of dodging taxes, yet you dodge them yourself, HYPOCRITE. Where are your tax returns (other than at #Mueller's office)?? 
Amazon should pay taxes like every other company and not be allowed to get away with it.
For someone who I's still spreading Fake News about Obama birthism, you are like the Pot calling the kettle Black. Quit worrying on others spreading Fake News, fix what you can fix and sadly you are not doing very good.

No
Where are your tax returns. What are you hiding. #DontheCon

The FAKER is YOU. You have hired more Lobbyist than any President. You have turned it into a Cesspool.
No one likes you
Fake president uses American Corporation to shield his incompetece.
Here's the statute you need to remember. It has no statute of limitations. Schneiderman has you cold on it: 18 U.S.C. § 1591
I don't think Schneiderman can prosecute someone for violating a federal statute.  Perhaps NY has a state statute that's equivalent?
Skip!!!.  I am poor, but want Amazon to prosper.  Thou shall not covit neighbor's prosperity. For years their profit was 0
do you hold your breath and tweet the first thing that comes into your head?
With all this fake news going around... don't you think Hilary Clinton might also have fake news about her too, just like you, Mister?
How about congress looks into you not releasing your tax returns LIKE YOU PROMISED!!!!!!!!!
You are the fake.  Anything that comes out of Kelly Anne's mouth is fake.  You thinking you don't have small hands is fake.  You are a loser
You've got some nerve talking taxes when you won't show yours. I always thought you were orange, turns out you're yellow! #LolNoOneLikesYou
Can't wait till we see your corrupt business deals we know mueller has them taxes!
https://goo.gl/gTi6cA  https://goo.gl/iT9AqZ  https://goo.gl/n3i5cE  https://goo.gl/hV1U34 
Come on grow the f- up why do you continue this Circus ,
According to you "not paying taxes makes you smart" - oh wait, you've definitely proved that theory of yours to be VERY wrong!!!!
Impeach NOW! So tired of your lies.
TAX IS COLLECTED ON MOST THINGS I BUY ON AMZN.
Oh Barron my dahlink, stop writink tveets for Daddy. Amereeca know that he kent use these beeg  vurds! 
@realDonaldTrump #ReleaseYourTaxes #WeakLittleMan #DraftDodgerInChief #Embarrassment to our country #25thAmendmentNow
Are the Chinese not human beings
Lock you up
Note to self: blathering and ranting still does not make something fake
In your opinion every news report that pulls the curtain back so we can really see the "powerful wizard of OZ" is fake.
You consider everything that isn't in your favor as fake.
You sound like a jilted love sick guest on Jerry Springer when getting ready to admit to cheating. Oh and they are paying tax's.
Are you fining yours and @IvankaTrump's clothing companies for not being made in America?
Washington post is not fake news. Fox is fake news @realDonaldTrump
They equal 666 on the stock market
Ha! Deflect them from looking into your family. It's not working! You are going to be busted, just like Bill Clinton was honey. You will rot
What "no tax monopoly"???? Amazon = state sales tax
Release ur taxes before accusing others!.. #fake45
X 2 break up the Bezos monopoly.
You're a complete clown!  This is America not USSR!  I can't wait until you're impeached #dicktator
I doubt it. They are not Murdoch affiliated.
This attempt to deflect won’t work.
The journalistic media is real, FOX is fake, Breitbart is fake, you are fake.
WHY ARE YOU WORRIED ABOUT THEM  & NO-TAX WHEN YOU BRAG ABOUT NOT PAYING TAXES!
Agitprop from Trump. Amazon pays sales tax in 29 states (87% of US population)...and MILLIONS in US income tax. Economics is Hard.
You need more to do..if you can't handle this job get out!!!  Pathetic human selfish about himself!!

Trump really doesn't know anything.  How much federal tax does Exxon Mobile pay?
Are you just jealous of Jeff Bezos because he's a great businessman? How many bankruptcies has he had?
YES SIR!!!! NO ROCKET SCIENCE THERE!!!
#FakeNews morphs into #CrapNews believed by mental cases
DC polluted sludge includes Dems&Rinos
Proving very hard to clean & #DrainTheSwamp
Don Jr is just stupid
That sounds dangerous and illegal. I watched this documentary on prisons where they made a weapon out of a newspaper. Totally real.
I'm cool with Amazons.
of course they are. Stay on em Mr. President #MAGA
When do we see your taxes Mr. Fake Prez?
Amazon collects sales taxes now, & reports those it doesn't. Keep up. 
Where r YOUR tax returns? How much $ do u get from Russian investors?

Is Fake News Twittler in Chief being used to brainwash stupid people to look away from the Orange Trump Buffoon's corruption and stupidity?
Oh my God, give it up!
Speaking of taxes, where are YOUR TAXES??? Thanks for reminding the American public of yet another one of your broken promises.
Is FAKE POTUS being used by Putin as a willing PUPPET??
Stop debasing Sessions in Public. He has been super loyal to you. If u lose your loyal base you will fail.
Here I fixed this for you
oh good grief, you need professional mental health help pronto.
Go get those amazon cheats. Maybe break them up.
What meds are you on?!
#whineylittlebitch
More fake trump- hands are normal size - fake. I don't do business w/Russia - fake! Comey illegal leaks -fake! I am smart - fake! Fake pres!


leave internet alone president Trump. you got to much on your plate now. your not doing tax reform right. it should be a straight flat tax.
*Doesn’t even know the definition of a monopoly. Yeah, BRILLIANT business man. 
FAKE NEWS in #Trump's weapon of choice. How about your River of Blood monument?https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/River_of_Blood_(monument) …
You might want to nap more. It could help clear your head
You would know all about evading taxes. You're also well-versed in treason, collusion, obstruction of justice, & emoluments violations 
Funny you give a damn about taxes, where are your tax returns? YOURE A LIAR #fakepresident #russianpuppet #shewonpopularvote
Weren't you proud of yourself for not paying any taxes?
Deflector in Chief
Look into churches for not paying taxes also.
Fake president.
You are a dishonorable, ill-mannered, shameless, reprehensible and pathetic individual unworthy of occupying the oval office.
What frightens me most about 45, is that you have a similar view about free press and journalism as Erdogan..., why don't you move to Turkey
Release your taxes comrade FAKE PRESIDENT. MUELLER  will get them and you couldn't win without cheating same old Donny
Pay your taxes clean your own house before you go cleaning someone else .....
No,but you are terrified about how much has been uncovered like how you laundered Putin's  $50million payment to you though your German Bank
Finally you said something that's credible.
Where are your taxes you promised you lied
Your just busted
Trump is fake President, Russian puppet , cronic liar, and mentally ill.
Hey don't look at me. . Look over here, this deflection won't work.  All eyes are on you and your impending impeachment.
#NeverAmazon
there are no fake news just a fake president that is the news thats why i dont call u president i just call trump
Shhhhh...T, don't tweet about taxes, lest you remind people again about not showing your tax returns !!!
You're full of lies.   Drop the fake news stuff.
What? Dude you need to get off twitter.
