How can you tell when @realDonaldTrump is lying?
His lips are moving while his little fingers poke out a tweet...
About T-2 hours before the first ranting @realDonaldTrump Tweet of the day...
What will it be today #LiddleDonnyMoron?
-Attacking Gold Star widows?
-Bragging about tax reform?
-Whining about the NFL?
...or Fake News?
I'll take "Attacking GOP Senators" for $600, Alex.
Mu husband worked 62 yrs & our planned retirement had $70,000 taken in taxes leaving us with $30,000~We can't even keep our home now~HELP~~
If Pres.Trumps tax plan was in place we would have had what we'd planned for~Enough money to live & keep our home of 12 yrs~~
I don’t think that’s so. But good luck.The president doesn’t care much about average American workers. No more exemptions for average people
The president is battling for everything he does.  My husband has his wiped out years ago by the Wall Street Crash.
Everyone was except the bankers. Shame on the @GOP for saving them and hurting the rest of us with their vote last night
Thank you President Trump, for doing so much for the American ppl in such a short time
Are you on crack
Thank you President Trump. We surely need that.  Our insurance premiums continue to go up here in Tennessee. You are a God send! Praying!
He changed his mind about this but you probably still want to thank him
Thank you!
He changed his mind about this but you probably still want to thank him
(God, grant me the serenity to...
CHANGE THE FUCKING THINGS I GOTTA CHANGE!
ARGH!!!!!!!!)
MAGA!
He changed his mind about this but guy probably still think that’s great
Thank you, dear leader, for so graciously sparing our retirement on your glorious march toward emptying the country’s coffers
He changed his mind about this but guy probably still want to thank him
Thank goodness!  If Washington does not take it, Wall Street will wipe it out.
I cannot believe anything you tweet since you have been proven to be a liar countless times.
I voted for you and have supported you this far, but I don't understand who this tax plan supports. Not me.  If you don't get this right,  I will no longer support you.

I ran the mathematics...removing the personal exemptions and shifting the itemized deductions, removing salt will result in 6k in more taxes.
Exactly. But this shouldn't be a surprise. If you want a tax cut, never vote Republican. They are not your friends.
I am an independent. I Voted on the issues...but i am slowly losing faith . Tks
Thank you @realDonaldTrump.  We support you all the way. Go get ‘em.
Thank you President Trump for taking care of middle class people. Add that to another accomplishment/promise you kept. We believe in you!
God bless President Trump!
Please don’t change the property tax deduction, state & local tax deduction either!
@RepKevinBrady says that reductions in 401k deductions are still on the table.  You tweeted they will not change. Who is telling the truth?
Trump contradicts his own tweet, says 401(k)s could now be up for negotiation
@WaysandMeansGOP playing games with Americans ability to save for retirement tax free is disgraceful.  Shows contempt for all of us.
Then don't take away my business No ELD mandate support HR 3282 #eldorme # ATASUCKS # BADOBAMAREGS #HELPTHE LITTLEGUY


No change...?? Isn't a cap at $2400 per year a "change...??"
Let’s kick all the brood mares off welfare and cut off the illegals, that will save the country a big pile of money.
. @realDonaldTrump Lied again, as always.
good
Almost 2 years. As of today 0 evidence against Trump. But special investigation for Obama administrations ties to Iran and Russia
Exactly! Been a Nothing burger all along.
Did you know that Puerto Rico and the USVI still need help? Just wondering. If not, you may want to look into it.
They were corrupt and nearly bankrupt before the hurricane. More fine democratic leadership. No taxes paid, living off others.
Thank you Mr. President. Americans should not be punished by trying to be responsible and safe for their retirement.

Just like everything else you say, this is a LIE!! Congressional Republicans have already said they will cut our 401k deductions. LIAR!!
You know that congress is ignoring this tweet right?  The middle class will fund cuts for.the 1%
Wow, today you said that changing the 401K law, from $18000 a year to $2400 a year, may still be on the table if Republicans want it #LIES
Dude - you cannot keep your lies straight can you @realDonaldTrump. You do not care about the middle class 
His lips are moving .....he is lying, again.
This lie isn't holding up very well, is it? 48 hours and the R's say the opposite. Rape & pillage the middle class.
Yes!!!!!!!!!
Let’s make a deal: I sacrifice some of my 401(k) if you leave office??
LIES
TOLD BY LYING LIAR
LYING WITH MORE LIES
now we know the tax deductions for it are gone
Really??? How good is your maths??? Or your understanding of tax? Because you are Lying
Must be Zero tax 100k our power
Tax beer wine weed drugs Lawyers politics Political parties 50% we can make up the tax revenue No problem
Lies
There you go again: over-promising & under-delivering aka lying and scamming as usual #TrumpTaxScam #LiarInChief https://www.nytimes.com/2017/10/23/us/politics/trump-tax-cuts-reform-retirement-savings.html?hp&action=click&pgtype=Homepage&clickSource=story-heading&module=first-column-region&region=top-news&WT.nav=top-news&_r=0 …
@realDonaldTrump how about a better tax break for us who are lower than middle class earners? We struggle harder. Please help! #MAGA
Trump is going to make sure people that matter to him get a big tax break, the super wealthy, and the middle class is going to pay for it
@Azetran the American people matter to @realDonaldTrump, so he will be fair with the tax breaks!!
As long as you didn’t invest in the stock markets during, 80s and the S&L scams; the late 90s, dot com bust; 2000s and accounting fraud;
You're lying again Donald. Go to your room. No TV tonight Donald
Why won't you implement Russian sanctions?
Liar
Thanks POTUS! My upcoming retirement is looking pretty good!
Can you cite reasons the US people should believe you when you make a promise? #trump #usa #maga #fakenews #hypocrisy #politics #news #TaxReform #TrumpTaxPlan
You promised no cuts to Medicare. Everything I read says your new budget will have massive cuts to Medicare.
sounds unfair to familys with lots of children
yep
LIAR, LIAR, LIAR
If this is a TRUE statement and a FACT from the White House, then why won't the White House spokesperson repeat it?
Fox News just got Sarah Huckabee to admit Trump just flip-flopped on protecting 401ks. @realDonaldTrump’s promise from 1 week ago is gone. https://twitter.com/SenateDems/status/925777612416471041 …
Bull. You are bad enough for the American people without lying about the giant tax hike GOP plans for middle class.
Great MAGA POTUS Trump De 45th
Pres. Trump 2020 reelection depends on keeping word, honesty to voters. Congress wants to take 401k pretax retirement, Trump said No change
You lie and you lie.
What happened to Medicare?
But my healthcare is a mess. Have to pay in 2018. $1230 month. For what!!  I am single guy.  Really terrible. Before Obamacare $450 month
Nothing stays: the governments, the taxes, the world we live in & the citizens - all these changed as calendar moves on. Tax? Doubt that.
Well that lasted less than 24 hours before you reversed your position on this.. You're hell bent on screwing over the middle-class..
WTF do you know about the middle class and what works for us. You don't give a shit.
Why You Always LYING
My employer contributes 6% to my 401k! What good is 6% of only $2400? Frankly, whoever came up with the idea to limit 401ks is an imbecile!
need help with getting a attorney because of I'm a victim of rape from my step-uncle getting the runaround
How about Obama care penalties on taxes
What changed your mind on this? Putin or rich friends?
Best stimulist for the elderly would be to roll back the unfair federal taxes imposed on social security.
#FireSessions
More lies. When will the trumpster hoopleheads see that you are a conman and can't be trusted. Ever. About anything. #ConmanInChief
@DomShow1210 @Richzeoli

So this was just verified as fake news. Why is Kevin Brady stating that this is still on the table? Why do you lie to people?
https://twitter.com/suekroll/status/923189274450767872 …
Promises, promises.  If this is as good as your other promises, we have a lot to fear for our future retirement.
$2 trillion hole: fill by raising taxes on middle-class/low-income; cut govt spending, allow deficit to soar.  LIAR
Liar!
Just another lie!
Liar
Can someone please find my 401(k) somebody stole it please look for it in the Clinton emails
God Bless President Trump. Thank you for keeping your promises. #MAGA
Which of course, means it’ll be completely changed.

If you'd really like to snuff Obamas Legacy then refuse to take ALL the refugees that he took credit for accepting. National Security Risk.




And that Sarah Sanders better watch out. If you reach back to scratch your ass you will put her eyes out.
Donny I can't wait to see you in jail!!  Mueller should be handling out those indictments any day.
But it sure does put a retired person after 70 1/2 in a tax bracket. Let's take care of our retirees @POTUS & #MAGA plus #draintheswamp
ترانب لهبل العنصري
How noble to leave something in place. NOT. Your plan does nothing for any but yourself and the other richest in the country.
Trumps NIGER. MURDERER
LIAR, LIAR, PANTS ON FIRE! A-HOLE!
I prefer tax exempt over tax deffered
Why would anyone believe a pathological liar like you?  Seriously???
when will you keep promise & prosecute Hillary +   ?? ARE YOU SCARED OF HER ??
Your multiple daily tweets, promises are nothing but lies. #DontGiveAShit
Only a blind fool
Would believe another lie
From your rectum lips
When you come out with this stuff, I get scared for my 401(k), REALLY SCARED

That's because of your spew of #TrumpLies about #TrumpCare
No. Pensions were good. This 401k stuff sucks
Really?  That’s not what average Americans are hearing.
I love it when you talk dirty daddy
The Democrats starting trouble again
That's not what the tax plan says. Do you know how to read?
I trust nothing you say.
If any other president said that, I'd believe it.
Um because who can we trust to tell us the truth but you?! 
#AlertTheDaycareStaff
If the POtuS is promising no changes to your 401k plan, then it’s time to kiss your 401k plan goodbye because @realDonaldTrump is a LIAR
#liar #lies #lyingpos 
better have a talk with Mitch about that one.
You scare me
It’s been tax free forever! Yes, it’s something upper middle class has enjoyed, this isn’t lower or poor middle class! What’s done for them!
You’re the man! Stay focused and don’t sweat the small stuff.Have a great day! McGee
Please find a way to in act TERM LIMITS.  BEST THING EVER
Sure.  And You’re NOT a Traitor, #DraftDodgerTrump!
How's your bone spur? #bonespurbozo
You could give a damn about age middle class!
Liar liar we must be up to 1400 public lies by now!
I was going to vote for you but the Spurs on my feet stopped me from voting for you thank God I didn't make that mistake
No tax vote till you show us your taxes peepee lover!
It's going to be disastrous for congress if tax reform is not passed!
More #TrumpLies
You Lie
Yeah says the liar in chief!
Can't trust a liar,Don
Don’t let them deter you from the work that needs to be done!! And #buildthewall
Now where did I hear "there will be no" before? Ah yes, when you said "there will be no cut to Medicare." Uh huh. Ok, thanks Donny. We believe ya this time.
Uuuumh

.@realDonaldTrump There will be NO change to your LIES because you care about no one but yourself. #LiarLiar #POTUS #AlternativeFacts
Thank you President Trump! The SWAMP always wants to take back what they promised the American people but not this time! #MAGA
Way past time for you to go, one way or the other! Remember Mousolini, and how he went, not to mention Hitler! Way past time!
Don't take away my property tax deduction and real estate interest deduction ensures I have funds to update my home
DO NOT TRUST YOU!!!
#25thAmendmentNow
hey! ur not president! i am the president!
Liar.
We don't trust you words you've lied so many times before why would you change now?
You forgot to say "believe me".
no, the change will come to your employer and what they are able to match...enjoy
@tdmucommunity needs help from the government to become the greatest Community Center Metro Detro area has ever seen #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
For me Donald Trump is the next Great President in the United States, I believe in you sir....You're the Great!
If more Americans were not denied their rights of self-preservation terrorist would be second-guessing their every move.
My hero cuz that's right absolutely American should be allowed to protect themselves. This country has been infiltrated with Obama's. T.
Let's see if you keep your word- HA!! Sounds like they are working against NO change in the 401K system....#keepyourword
You also said everyone would have healthcare. Your words can’t be trusted.
You trusted bo didn’t you? Everything he told us about obama care was a lie, just more welfare for the poor with subsidies.
Maybe instead of relying on the government and taxpayers to take care of your needs try taking care of yourself. Husband has no insurance?
I am a small business owner and my husband works multiple freelance jobs. We both work hard but have no benefits. ACA is our only option.
Looks like it’s time to get a regular job with benefits. Amazing that you expect others to pay extra so you can be subsidized.
Believe me, we’ve been trying. It’s what we want. Job market is tough. What are we supposed to do in the meantime?
Maybe not get pregnant if you cannot pay for the birth and follow up medical care.
You make a lot of negative assumptions about my life. Without knowing us you assume we are wreckless moochers.
I make $700 a week and pay $200 in taxes or more so what the hell are you even proposing idiot
We don't need to "cut" taxes. We need to End taxes.  Taxation is theft.
Your the best!  @realDonaldTrump
He changed his mind about this but you probably still think he’s the best
absolutely! One thing dosent change the over all. Picture ,only to a libtard who'd vote for a criminal or a commie
He has a hold on you people that I just don’t understand.
your thinking with your emotion not your brain that's why,hes a Hugely successful businessman vs a criminal & commie.a no brainer
Unconditional love is emotional. Questioning someone’s loyalty and goals when they lie is objective and IMO necessary.
he Ioves America unlike the other self servers ,thats all that matters .He's self made loaded and isn't in it for moi.pls move on
you are clear proof that $ cant buy class. go away
Liar.

Liar
Well Senate has Hatch's amendment.   Kill that too

Good morning sir please Nigeria is looking for me to kill me from Sunday Ifeanyi Okongwu
Ask the turtle about this one
Americans either need to revolt or stop whining. If the Kennedy coup  were not enough the 9/11 hoax should have ended in revolution.
What part of Russia are you From?
U r done-zo. And so is your tax plan.
You already made changes, but they were not publicized.  Go to Human Services...they will tell you!
