There were more under President Obama.

Wow, thought i was talking to an adult. Bye kiddo

Same number was created under Obama the quarter before. I know you claim to not be political but pay attention sometime
What you’re saying is that at least the trend started by #Obama in 2010 hasn’t be interrupted!
Your dolt daddy and the GOP created the horrible situation/policy that most of his deplorable followers are in - selling the disease and promising the cure by stoking their fears
jobs have been created, but not by any programs of POTUS. fastest growing sector, alternative energy, has been hampered by new govt policy.
Are you just as ignorant about Civics as your father?
Donald what have you done so far? Nothing. Obama had created these jobs due to his economic policies. Not you. Perhaps you will start World War Three if you bring your ambassy to Jerusalem. Don’t do it.
RT @IvankaTrump: Since @realDonaldTrump inauguration, over 1 million net new jobs have been created in the American econ...
Thanks, Obama!
Not true, try 179k.
Adjoining cell  for The Family .@realDonaldTrump


great job but just think how many more if we end HIB and all other american job stealing programs the best & brightest r right here, USA
Ivanka I love the President but he had a great life b4 entering Wash.do you think hes happy or regrets getting into the details of US? #MAGA
America Thanks @BarackObama
DON'T BELIEVE TRUMP. HE'S HIRED COMPANY TO "FIX" HIS PUBLISHED #s. TRUMP IS COUNTING OBAMA'S CARRY OVER #s AS HIS. MORE TRUMP LIES!
Thanks, Obama!  Economy is still going strong.  It is beginning to slow but you held up your end.  #TheResistance
Mrs. Trump your husband is awesome! 
TRUMP TRAIN 2020!!!

Thanks Birthday Boy.... Had you not left this idiot a dream economy who knows where the hell we would be right now!!! Miss You @BarackObama
And Prez Trump: have you ever thought about listening to the PEOPLE's needs instead of just RT'ing your daughter and bots?
That's because Daddy inherited a job market created by @BarackObama
I don't trust you
 yeah right!
stop it
@IvankaTrump Thanks for sharing! @realDonaldTrump is doing a great job creating a successful environment for #American business!
 #MAGA
IT's GOING WELL IN SUCH A SHORT TIME > AMAZING JOB Mr. PRESIDENT > WOW THIS ARE A LOT NEW IN JOB's < REALY GREAT
OMG check your facts woman. Trump opens mouth, Trump lies, applies to whole family and Kushner just doesn't know. Amatuers!
Thanks @BarackObama!

Happy 56th Birthday to former President Barack Obama!  
He's getting it done despite the "forces of evil" arrayed against him.  #ManWithAPlan #My POTUS #WeStandWithPOTUS
Thank You, Ivanka, for sharing this. Thank You, President Obama, for making this happen. Happy birthday
Thank you, Obama
#MAGA#America First #USA

No libtards just got blocked lol!!!
You don't know what you're talking about. Like father like daughter. Mueller coming for your clan, so best get going. I hear Russia's nice
Who's next diaper Donnie or Igor Eric. Doesn't change the fact that Mueller will take your whole lying cheating family down
Thanks to Obama
And he blows Putin and has sexual fantasies about his daughter
Yes thanks to President Obama not to Trump! And of course you would say that you're his daughter really!
And women in foreign countries are still making your clothes for #SlaveLabor wages.
Thanks Obama! Happy birthday too! Ignore the shoe designer. She's busy giving dad his meds.
If Mueller ever gets hold of Trump tax papers, he is fucked. Sayonara to all the billionaire thoughts. Kapish ?
Almost as many as the Obama administration during the same period last year!!! Keep trying, never be as good of pres as he was! #BOSSBABY
Yup. A continuation from President Obama not Humpty Trumpy
democrats are trying their best to have Mueller STOP @POTUS before he gets EVERYONE EMPLOYED! democrats hate high employment b/c less VOTES!
What did HE create????
Thanks President Obama!
Thanks Obama

P.S. EMPANELED GRAND JURY
https://www.facebook.com/NBCNews/videos/1940169536003067/ …
Thanks @BarackObama for handed @realDonaldTrump a fairly good economy before leaving office.
Once again sweetie, I think what you're trying to say is Thanks Obama! Fixed it for you...
Let's take this time to #thankObama on his birthday for putting in the hard work 8 years (no scandals) #ObamaDay 

Your dad sucks
Obama worked hard at golf and countless vacations while country went down the tubes. Trump works 24/7 for free! He deserves to golf.
Down the tubes
One million jobs in six months is a "failure"? 
I never stated it was. Just repeating @realDonaldTrump word; it doesnt just happen. Its built on the foundation from obama years.
Sorry, I miss quoted you, "down the tubes." Since Trump has taken office the markets have really been doing bad as well (sarcasm).
No. But there is no news in the numbers he is taking credit for. Before he didn't trust the official numbers but now they r reliable.
U.S. employers added 209,000 jobs in July, unemployment rate down to 4.3% #JobsReport
Agree, economy is succeeding not because of him, but despite him. No meaningful legislation.
That makes no sense --a bad gov brings a country down --USA is thriving

Obama handed Trump an economy that was close to what economists consider full employment http://cnn.it/2vpLVDI  
@CNN ...lolololol
Since @realDonaldTrump inauguration, there have been witch hunts against minorities, the LGBT, and you know, women.
Trump has brought corruption and nepotism to the White House.
Ivanka, did we elect you? How's that LGBT advocacy going?
omg check your stats  Where? at McDonalds?
This is because of "OBAMA'S ECONOMY &  U.S.!"

 I needed a joke today!
 omg you're just as #SAD as your father. You're both a joke. #OBAMA
Grow a spine and stand up to your Dad, you would be nothing without his money buying you into schools and what not
I would have a heart attack if that was the front page of the New York Times or lead story on CNN. Buy silver POTUS.
Love my president trump! may GOD watch over him, his family, and the good people of America
You lie Bigly!
What a crock.  Seriously.  Make up some more crap we can all laugh about.  Please.
Censoring Conservatives: Why Twitter Stopped Growing https://www.nationaleconomicseditorial.com/2017/07/28/twitter-censorship-conservatives-self-destructive/ … #MAGA
Long way to go to even equal President Obama's record!

#inyourdreams
Yeah, most were ALREADY started., but trump takes all credit. #trumpisajoke #LOCKTRUMPUP #drainthewhitehouse
So basically all of this deregulation MAGA rhetoric has resulted in a decrease in job growth percentage and wealth growth for rich investors
How many of those jobs are with your companies? Ha ha Ha just kidding. We know all of your products are made overseas. #MAGA my @ss
Are you counting the jobs you created overseas as well?
Hate to tell you but this isn't extraordinary. And your dad has nothing to do with it.
AWESOME ..
Bedford’s Ocular Therapeutix turns to layoffs after FDA rejection https://www.bizjournals.com/boston/news/2017/08/01/bedford-s-ocular-therapeutix-turns-to-layoffs.html … via @BosBizJournal

Obama had more his 1st 6 months.
And 15,000 troops lost their job too!
you should look at the same numbers during firat six months of 2016 and you'll find you're a little short in comparisons. So back to Daddy.


Unprecedented? Your own source begs to differ 
Same as Obama's last 6 mths...so what's new ?
OBAMA CREATED 15 MILLION.
Proof? Can we get some proof? Like a list instead of made up projections?
Since I saw so many nasty responses:  You're right!  It's good for everyone.  Even the nay-sayers.  Onward and upward, Reepicheep!
Shhhhh! They taught math when I was at Penn. You must have skipped. Pace of growth is decreasing...
Where?
You Trumps NEED to research before teeeting BS lol Obama had more jobs in last 6 months than daddy did first 6 months lol MAGA is a joke !
Since your vile father took office, the entire world now views us as weak. Let's also not forget the majority wants your family to leave.
Great but it isn't the case with me.I had being turned down by Federal Agencies due to my VA rating,no job yet
is trump products made in the US yet???
#ThanksObama
Fake statistics @IvankaTrump. Why? Why the lies?
Same pace as Obama's last year! Just like a crappy Trump branded product, use others' talents and slap your name on their work! WEAK! AWFUL!
Can you shut up? Daddy is not a good man.
What happened last year ?

Yes Obama did a great job stewarding America out of recession. Uplift is seen in every economy that suffered from the American lead GFC.
I think this is an absolute lie. Another one. Can't someone in this administration do both do basic math and tell the truth?
Ivanka I thought you were gonna be the voice of reason instead you're a puppet for the most vile person on earth...
I like u more and more ever day, Your strong love it
What jobs exactly, where and what's the pay? There can't be 250,000 lawyers who were out of work and now working for #MuellerTime...?
Average monthly job growth in 9 months since Trump's election: 179K

average monthly job growth in 9 months before Trump's election: 199K
nothing to do with trump
Come on Ivanka.  You're smart enough to know he's just riding the wave Obama created.  Trump hasn't even passed a budget yet.
Too bad your corrupt Daddy had nothing to do with this.
Ummm #FakeNews #ShowUsTheReceipts
your father has harmed countless US citizens & damaged US standing globally. jobs created nowhere near 1 mill & most don't pay living wage.
Thousands less than the Great 44ths last 9 months.

How many new sweat shop jobs were created under your brand?
Where are they?? I love the way you believe your own BS, and your fathers.
Please don't act as though this is anything more than inheriting a strong Obama economy.
Daughter of President Bone Spur, you gotta cite sources and reference specific policies that allow PBS to claim ownership.
Well, he made up two jobs for your and your paste-eating husband...Making Nepostim Great Again!
Sure. Are those lying leaking trump stats?
Thanks, Obama
Your father is disgusting & hateful & riding on the wave of an already successful economy. His idiocy will lead us into war.
Actually, down from 2016.
I want to see proof that it happened. Not buying it. Fake news
I congratulate president but coming from an almost depression in 2008 to the economy inherited without their help, some acculates to Obama.
And how many of those jobs were created in the American economy by your company or your daddy's? #ThanksObama
Trump's job numbers are pathetic! Trailing pre-January's 9 month avg by 20,000 PER MONTH!!! Slowing has begun!!
How many jobs have you created in China? Just curious.
Thank goodness for Obama
OBAMA gave him a good start
Since Inauguration Day I have had dreams that the Alt Right set my home on fire & burned cross. True Story.

Unseal the divorce documents PIG
Oh how good it is to not be you
#BIHNFL  BURN IN HELL NFL MAKE IT GO VIRAL MY AMERICAN BROTHERS AND SISTERS VETS AND  PATRIOTS
You all must think that we are all fools.
you realize your dad has only had legislative failures the last 6 months&jobs creation is from policies&changes in last admin. #TellTheTruth
And how many people are in the USA?  Would be nice if you both brought back your business to this country, instead of being selfishly greedy
You realize that's still working under the auspices of Obama's budget, right? And also, this is 20k fewer jobs/month than Obama?
lol
Daddy, Don Con Un, is incompetent and will end up in jail...that's when we'll #MAGA
Thanks Obama
Man, lots of kool-aid drinkers out there.
Right, but claiming responsibility for those jobs by your daddy is a lie, cupcake.
Thanks @POTUS44
God bless America!!!
fake news.
It;s almost like the trend Obama started 8 years ago continues.
Wasn't aware that you were an elected official?
average monthly job growth in 9 months since Trump's election: 179K

average monthly job growth in 9 months before Trump's election: 199K
Disgusting family!
Shame on you for supporting your father.
Fake numbers. Unemployment is closer to 42%. That's straight out of your dad's mouth. #FakeNews
Thanks to Obama not the fake president
* Average job growth in the 9 months SINCE your dad's election: 179K
* Average job growth in the 9 months BEFORE your dad's election: 199K
Obama had more during the same period you loser!
Thanks Obama. Aren't you glad he left your daddy an economy that was thriving instead of drowning?!
You mean China.....right?
#Hoorah Those numbers we lost in the old administration. Thanks @realDonaldTrump. Keep up the good work.Thanks for working for free btw.
This administration is so delusional and always looking for some praise of the work they're actually not doing.
That is 20k less per month than in 2016 under Obama. Why are we not gaining as many jobs under the #LiarInChief, err I mean your daddy?
So when will you and daddy be moving your apparel sweatshops from overseas to the USA? American jobs first right? Right? You get it RIGHT?!
Not a record, but nice.
you are beauty with brains ur great I just admire u
Thanks @BarackObama!!!

We'd have more jobs if you and that failed daughter of yours made anything in the US instead of China, Vietnam, etc.
Almost as well as Obama. Just think what he could do if no lying or tweeting

--average job growth in the 9 months since your dad's election: 179K

--average job growth in the 9 months before your dad's election: 199K https://twitter.com/ivankatrump/status/893527766750171136 …
You mean is that 1 million people have been dropped from unemployment!
And think of all the work you've given to the Chinese making crappy handbags.
Please define "net new". Sounds like business guy bullshit term.
#FamilyOfSleeze
Thanks President Obama for the jobs... Since the trump has done nothing as president except golf, piss off every other country in the world
