INVESTIGATE ALL THREATS AGAINST OUR PRESIDENT, EVEN WHEN THEY ARE ELECTED OFFICIALS. THEY BELING IN JAIL!
PaS. # 
Yes, we are heart broken.  Seems to have been a lot of political posturing for revenge done by Governor, which is wrong on any side. #MAGA
RT @SecretService: Our thoughts &amp; prayers are with the families, friends &amp; colleagues of #Virginia's @VSPPIO Lt ...
RIP
Maybe if they were doing their job instead of standing down they would be alive
May the Lord bless thee and keep thee may the Lord lift up his countenance and give thee peace


https://plus.google.com/+mauricesmithxyz2233/posts/6cYecgPADCS?_utm_source=199-1-1--TRIBUTE … TO PRINCESS MARIA AMOR BY MAURICE DWAYNE SMITH-PLZ VIEW AND TAP YOUR TOES TO MY VIBE.
Amen God bless

Secret Service Stop giving your number to business or men that own Business then cheat & put in calls wrecking lives due to Guilty mind
There has to be better training.  And why not make more use of canines for POs and SS.  They distract and elicit fear and respect.

arrest obama/soros who paid 25.perhr for rioters/protesters,hold them responsible for 1 death 20 injuries, look at craiglist for ad
Thank you for your positive thoughts/ prayers for the family, etc. We need more comments like this that encourages togetherness and harmony.
May God watch over them

Illuminati inspired photograph
As far as I can tell Trump hasn't issued a statement regarding the death of a Utah
Guardsman who was killed while fighting members of the Islamic State in eastern
Afghanistan.  Aaron Butler, age 27 was killed and 11 others were injured.
Soros finance s lot of this.  As long as he and the media sellouts are against we are for you and praying for you


More
Great Parody Vid Part 2

"Everyone who doesn't think like I do, is obviously…

Dear Sir
#Prophecies_Of_Nostradamus 
#SantRampalJi is
"World-Victorious Saint"…
Pres TRUMP knows and acknowledges everyone wants a piece of the American pie he'll slice it up Law and Order,Let him.
What about Heather Heyer's family? Will you introduce a motion to censure President Trump for his repulsive position on Charlottesville?
Every American is deeply sorry about this tragic and senseless loss of your colleagues. Please accept our condolences. God Bless America!!
If I could honor you . . .
Peace
Except the cops deputies and Virginia State Police were in on it.
Funny how Unite the Right Freedom of speech rally became White Supremacists after being attacked by blm and antifa 
@realDonaldTrump @VSPPIO my thoughts are with the secret service having to deal with this man-child who fluked winning
Except the Virginia State Police were in on it.
The New Right 

Fox & Friends Segment Turns Emotional as Guests Bond Over 'Morally Bankrupt’ Trump http://mediaite.com/a/ccgqs  
https://twitter.com/reaganbattalion/status/897826274718228482 … @POTUS  @WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump
This was the ad calling for the protest in #Charlotteville, good people did not attend, this was not about a statue. 
Was trying to say.
That is what Trump meant by two sided. So instead of hearing what you want to hear clean your ears and listen a little closer to what Trump
Incident (protesters and believers) some people believe the statue should have stayed and some believe it should have been taken down.
People in the media are quick to criticize the president of the united states instead of the two classes of citizens in the charlottesville
Nothing to say about a woman murdered by a nazi?
HEY @cnn @msn @msnbc @cbs @abc @nbc THIS IS WHAT YOU SUPPORT, #COP KILLING VIOLENCE AGAINST OUR #POLICE  #MEDIA IS COMMUNIST
@realDonaldTrump can't even come up with his own sincere message to the families affected by this act of terror. Call it what it is, Donald.
Keep doing your job despite stupid politicians. We have your back. This is a tiny microcosm of America
The secret service has more composure than the president.
Video of rally speaker James Allsup was deleted from his youtube. Doesnt look peaceful to me. Harrassment? Battery? https://m.youtube.com/watch?sns=fb&v=dktN9fiLdVY …
God bless Rest In Peace
An investigation needs done to see why these two fine officers lost their lives
Bless you our Trusted Public Servants.  Many blessings.
Do you really mean that because the very next FUCKING day Obama would have flew there and payedrespect, oh wait it would have never happened
#donald Trump
Am black and believe that a Business man is not racist. Damn!! What's going  on in the world?
Hmm, the president should please think bout us as well, #other side UK
Hey @SteveNash not sure where @POTUS is defending racist
Trump Refuses to Blame White Nationalists for Charlottesville Violence. Now They’re Celebrating.
The only two true victims of the chaos in Charlottesville, RIP Heroes!
Wonder if downing of helicopter was caused by mechanical failure or was downed from weapons fire, from ground protesters??? Undetermined!

Thank Y’all !
Keep up the good work Mr President

They gave their lives to protect us from the Evil fascism that is growing in our country. RIP.

Amen
Real men and women, unlike you. #NeverMyPresident
What about for woman who died!
Prayers for the families and friends of our police officers

Obviously, there is a whole lot of hypocrisy and mindless souls attacking Trump! These folks aren't to take a good long look at themselves.
Great reTweet!!!
Where was the law enforcement? Lock up the crooked politicians and leftist donors who fund lawlessness
When the NTSB report comes out it will be pilot error! Maybe a liberal state has liberal law enforcement that could use some more training!
So...what were they doing in a helicopter over a crowd that made them crash? It's not like they were in Vietnam under fire & taking hits!

Behind you  percent
Truly we pray for these affected so deeply May God comfort them somehow. This kind of rally--people keep away from it!
This was just so tragic!
This is beautifully sad picture. Praying for them as well.
And they would be here today if idiot rioters didn't exist. This shit is out of control
Killed by American Nazi's????? Can you say it out loud? Does it stick in your craw?
PRAYING for the families.Lord you are Holy Worthy, Mighty! Father please help the souls who are suffering! Give peace,touch the hearts Amen
We don't want prayers, we want Justice.
We want a purge of FBI Nazis.
We want Nazi cops outed and removed.
We want impeachment and prison!!

Your "re tweet" means shit. SAY IT YOURSELF!!!!

PLZ Investigate THIS group.  @jeffsessions @FBI ...and while I'm here, WHY DOESN'T SOROS GET ARRESTED
Clinton's Buddy, Terry McAwful sent them to their deaths and I don't give a fuck!
Our thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of Heather Heyer, who was assassinated. Don't forget her.
Damn.
Amen.
Godspeed.
@CaTrumpGrl @VSPPIO 'AMEN'!
Our prayers are with them
@realDonaldTrump @VSPPIO Prayers&comfort to the families!
Can you secretly do something more then tweet?
They died bc they were told to STAND DOWN by the Mayor and V. Mayor. They had to fly the copter in circles. Did they run out of gas?
Amen to that! Terrible loss over senseless, stupid and irrational behaviors. I thank these troopers for their ultimate sacrifice.
Sad to know these men died over a Democrat Mayors illegal stand down order to protect free speech and collusion with Soros funded Marxist.

The cops were in on it from the beginning https://twitter.com/adudeinaplace2/status/896933172012822532 …
Per ardua ad astra officers
@realDonaldTrump @VSPPIO

The cops were in on it from the beginning supporting antifa fascists and blm racists.https://twitter.com/adudeinaplace2/status/896933172012822532 …
The Virginia State Police were in on it,
What they aren't telling you about Charlottesville. 

Via .@infowars 

…
Rest In Peace PATRIOT'S! 
#HeatherHeyer will haunt you the rest of your life ! YOU are responsible for her death, a real democratic American heroine ! #FireBannon
Must investigate charlottesville mayor for complete failure to protect
Hey, Orange Buffoon, read and study the following:
What a waste.
Liars!
Were those 2 officers Secret Service that perished in the helicopter crash? OOO Trump couldn't say 4 himself and retweeted.. got it. Figures
Too little, too late. As always.
May they RIP.  Thank you gentlemen for your service

MSM is not telling us the truth about Charlottesville. Here's what REALLY HAPPENED. Soros ! https://www.pscp.tv/w/bF5F4jF4ZUVXeGVCb2txUVB8MXlOR2FtUllZQWdHahFGGMb_SbnZrrj4gb1x0wjru8th7rSKdSk7TnEsOcZL …
That idiot mayor of Charlottesville should be FIRED.  Incompetence should not be rewarded.  Michael Stigner needs to go!
Damn Secret Service. What a pathetic attempt. Go do some work.
I see this wasnt your tweet but a retweet. #LOSER.   Pass the cake
Amen
No need that this happened in a demovracy.
But when you show up to protest wearing riot gear you deserve what you get
But for the protesters who showed up in riot gear cannot feel bad for those people and they should be held accountable for the dead& injured
But when you show up to protest in riot gear you deserve what you get
Yes it's an absolute shame that two officers had to die over the negligence of others
We Are Praying  for Strength & Healing for Their Families,Friends 
We Share Your Grief
God Bless All of You
#BlueLivesMatter
People seem to forget, Nazi's are Nat.socialists like Bernny Sanders.
Trump is to blame for all of these deaths.
You do realize this is your fault Donald?
If just one out of a hundred learn Kung fu the streets would be much safer.

Absolutely. God bless first responders and their families.
You  - they DIED because of YOUR racist hate-mongering .. pandering to, emboldening/enabling (and HIRING) of Nazis..  own it, you coward
