Hey Trumpy, your supporters are completely upset your mocha shot is too bitter! What are u eating???
Until you fire him in the next couple of months because he refuses to do your bidding!

@jdp021189 @realDonaldTrump @musicaljane1

2 months & you'll throw him to the dogs too.
That is what you say now. It is only a matter of time. Can't wait til you areimpeached. Gonna celebrate with a big piece of chocolate cake.
I thank God everyday for you and your family. I love you guys. My prayers are with you.
Trttttttrtttt – at Baymont Inn & Suites


...and a Great Leader. John has also done a spectacular job at Homeland Security. He has been a true star of my Administ...
But he's only been there a few months--imagine how spectacular he would be if he had more time.  Who will be his replacement?
No one could be worse than Kelly at DHS. He turned ICE into Gestapo--that's why Trump loves him. Can't wait to see what he does to WH staff.
I'm sure Jared and Scaramucci and Bannon and -- well everyone there -- will react well to that.
And imagine how well he'll work with Congress!  I know they say they respect him, but I'd bet he's not a legislative genius.
Kelly was Legislative Assistant to the  Commandant (2004-2007) & Marine liaison to the House in 1995, so he has some experience w/ Congress.
That's reassuring (b/c, for all that I am skeptical, I would love to see more stability).  I do doubt Trump will allow stability.
So now you don't have to pardon Priebus
#SingReinceSing

#Disaster #Sanctions #RussiaMafia ...
Spectacular, a true star, spectacular! Like Jared? That much of a star?
Meanwhile, on Planet Earth, Communications Director just doesn't listen:
WOW you really can multi-task! Tweeting and jerking off Putin at the same time. SKILLS!

Your complements are no longer meaningful
What. Is. Going. On?
Another one bites the dust!
Yah but now you pissed off Priebus and he has the goods on you !!!!!!
Did he really just capitalize "Great Leader?"
Yep!
Yeah, but can he suck his own cock?
Great leaders don't encourage police brutality. Horrible speech on Long Island!
Freddie Gray was killed because he was roughed up in a police van. How dare you celebrate that level of brutality and recklessness.
Not only that, but what about the president's judgment? Keeping Mooch after his out burst. This has to be called into question
Also, it seems like "the best staff assembled" is always changing. Why is that? Bc trump has no idea how to create a stable org culture
. 
#HillaryUkraineCollusion.

why not your "friend" Jim for homeland security?
You've only been in office for a few months...you go through members like toilet paper. What a shxt show of a adminstation.
Agent Orange hope he frames this tweet as his ass is kicked to the curb in 6months h dothe s know he can't piss u off right...or he is toast
God you know it's bad when they have to ply musical chairs with current staff because no one wants to touch this admin! #Failure
your entire administration is nothing but duds starting with you
#Trump2020
YOUR ADMINISTRATION IS A DISASTER.

Lets see how long he last
TAKE OFF THE GLOVES! PROSECUTE & LOCKTHEMUP! #korea #GDP #obamacare #collins #brentwood #maga #tcot #ccot #dobbs #tucker #ms13
Why are boner pills more important than trans people?






The bulk of his weight needs to be around his middle and the draft dodger should have a golf club not a rifle.
...another reputation waiting to be ruined!
But your admin is 6 months old and hasn't even done anything?
One less cabinet member .... 1 less vote to save you from being 25th'd
Did such a great job you fired him... 
Start kicking some ass boss
So he stands out in what is without question the most dysfunctional, impotent and corrupt administration in history? Bravo!
41% Of Americans Want Trump IMPEACHED
This is MUCH Higher than the 24% Who Thought Nixon Should be Impeached


By true star do you mean he hasn't jumped ship yet, or that he is tied to Russia too?
Kelly is putting himself in a horrendous position taking the job among the administrations top Traitors!
It's only a matter of time before everyone is arrested..
Treason is a major crime and conspiracy of Treason isn't any less of a crime.  Everyone on your team will go down
All of @HillaryClinton #Criminal #associates @SenateDems and @HouseDemocrats  who were #involved will #GoDownLow  @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
WOW! not a drop of loyalty for @Reince45 HA! watch out Trumpy Team, YOU are probably NEXT to go! #TrainWreck
JOHN KELLY needs to apologize to the Wilson .... immediately ... turning into trump ... disgrace to the uniform he wore ... lies lies lies
指定幸存者么
The bar is set so low. #RussiaGate #DoTheCrimeDoTheTime #potusfail #MAGA
操你妈。丢你老母嗨。顶你个费
Doing a Great Job, Mr. President! John Kelly is a Marine. He'll wipe your staff into shape lickity split!
How long before Trump turns on Kelly like he has Reince, Spicer and Sessions? Can't get along with anybody.
Trump either really can't hire the greatest people or is impossible to work for. Either way he is the primary problem.
Reince Priebus served as WH chief of staff for a shorter period than anybody else to hold the position in US history. Trump admin is toxic.
Kelly is foolish to take this job. Working for Trump doesn't make you famous, but rather infamous. Have to sell your soul to the Donald.
At least we got a week of the highly entertaining and totally dysfunctional Mooch-Reince "friendship."
This clown car has been rolling on rims for a while now. Complete sh** show.
Most #Excellent  #PresidentTrump

Donald Trump is a Great "Bass Player" er. BASE PLAYER.
WHITE HOUSE PODEUM ... TURNING EVERYONE TO LIE .... Grow a pair Kelly ... APOLOGIZE !
You are a true star of the United States of America! BEST PRESIDENT EVER!!! #DonaldTrump #AmericaFirst #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #UnitedStates
Starring in your administration is like being the best cross-country runner among legless blind men. #PatheticPOTUS #TrumpTrainDerailment
Well, God help him. He's going to need all the help he can get w/you undermining him every chance you can. #ThanklessJob
The Mooch is gr8t! Can u resign & leave the Mooch in front of the mic instead of u? His popularity surpasses yours even with same mannerisms
So naturally, you fired him.
... and next one to be fired, lol.
Sign the bloody Russian sanctions bill!! @WhiteHouse
The reason you have leaks is honest people are hard pressed to work and do crooked stuff.
You need to be impeached #DonaldTrump
I give it three weeks before you turn on him...
Here comes da "Mooch.'  The new player in town, played your ass like a cheap violin.  Kelly will quit after he gets a whiff of da 'Mooch.'
Your Administration is as shit as they come so I hope he’s better than it is, or America is screwed. #TrumpCrimeFamily
You said the last guy was going to be great. Even though you had control of the house and senate the 2 of year accomplished NOTHING
He thought Jared setting up a back channel to Russia - ok & has Russian ties thru contractors & amended his paperwork 2
please no more speeches were sick of hearing the excuses for your lies and misguided thoughts!
Creazy president 
.why
LOL - Until he's NOT a great leader & star anymore when he pisses you off by doing the right thing. Then you'll be disappointed by him too.
President Trump I am NOT even American but I admire your acumen & straightforward reasoning, logic & decisive action in the US interest.
Bar is set pretty low when determining who is a "star" though. One-eyed-man-is-king kinda thing, right?
Poor guy

A three year old hitting a cat with a hammer would be the star of your administration.
That one got me
For now
Too bad 45 isn't a great American and a great leader
Your done A FABULOUS job, darling, keep them on their toes. Any good news about Kelly Ann?  She needs to go
Please enumerate exactly what these great things hes done as secretary.
Just because you say "..... and a Great Leader", doesn't make you one! In fact you'll be going down as one of the worst in history!! Smh
You should become a huckster at the state fair
There have been no stars Don. Silly
Shuffling chairs on ur made made Titanic?  Do US a favor #Resign #PutinsPuppet #Traitor #TrumpRussia.
What a shit show
Working on stopping the leaks,strong leadership, not afraid of any battle is now in the WH along with Scaramucci and Trump
An admin in chaos without leadership.  TRUMP THE JOKER !
Boooo!
Potus needs to get rid of h r mcmasters
How many more resets ? Six as of now!!
Shut up.
Get rid of the GOP "no votes", all trouble makers, all left group, rinos & leakers for President Trump to "make America Great Again"!

By "star" you mean minion, correct?
Does Vegas take bets on how long the Mooch and Gen Kelly will last? Who will go first? My $ goes on Kelly leaving first - too much honor.
Another day. Another lie.
Gen Kelly is true American Hero!!
Blessings!!
Guliani for AG and Sessions for Homeland Security?
Go Away Russian bot!
Love Jeanine....love her show..glad to hear someone has been a true star in your Administration .....they all SHOULD be....Ivanka for sure..
Sounds like a MAGA upgrade!
I'm hoping he can convince @realDonaldTrump to quit so we don't have to endure his stupidity any more!
I would like some advice, how do i ask.
A president lives by good example and not to make poeple's lives miserable!
Kelly probably is one of the only ones in your admin. who is not straight out of the swamp but a true star in your admin. means nothing!
And how, Don, could you possibly know what a great leader is?

you Clearly don't understand how to write a Sentence even on a First Grade level.
No one has done a good job in your administration.
In your Administration there is NO star!
If Mr. Kelly is a true star in Trump Administration, why have Donald Hired people, who are not true stars or even just stars ... ???
What Administration It changes almost weekly
#FAKE President thinks putting a military man as CoS will make him obey his Commander in Chief!  SAD day for America!
blick. block.
Until you give him the authority to do his job, it's going to be Priebus all over again.
let's be honest, "true star" of your administration isn't exactly a high bar to set
@Potus never has been a Great Leader and never will be. He is a LOSER. #MAGA 
I want you to fire mueller so your impeachment can go on a faster pace. Do it mr. Trump. Your doing the country a favor.Worst president Ever
Indian and other countrys media and journalist is not safe.
Don't fool yourself Trump. Kelly's there to lead the military coup that may be necessary to get rid of you! Then he'll be a STAR!
Funny how so many of your "stars" are leaving your employ, . what's going on in there anyway. A little confusion maybe? Frustration? Anger?
Gen Kelly is an honorable man, dedicated to his country. He will put up with ur crap fir about 15 minutes, 7 if that troll @Scaramucci is in
Not like you..ur not a great leader..u sir are the worst ever
Keep looking over yur shoulder 
Getting closer better go by by
really?
Until your dysfunction assails him.
That's not saying much being you and your administration suck it will go down in history as the biggest embarrassment
Too CRAZY...YOU ARE UNDERSTAND..DOCTORS THINK YOU ARE INSANE
And he will not stand for you.
The Don. The most entertaining twit on Twitter. Keep the heads, & eyes rolling!.
He's just another yes man. He will continue to be nothing more than an enabler as part of your incompetent Administration.
Yea.. yea...yea.... until he starts to think for himself and you fire him too.... you sir are a large gigantic embarrassing joke...
What has he done that is so "spectacular"?
https://www.fiverr.com/wonder_it/do-professional-photoshop-editing … wrf q
Media coming for John
There are no stars in your administration. Only a bunch of losers like you
Why do you randomly capitalize nouns? English is not German, Fuhrer Trump.
Trump is a Traitor. there are a lot of reports of evidence, hard evidence. Waiting for the shoe to drop. Hubris, mistake prone, guilt.
We'll see how SECURE he can make the Homeland in his new role, as YOU are the biggest danger.
Great call.  Keep shaking them up.
So then why is he gone
THEY JUST SAID YOU ARE TOO CRAZY TO BE PRESIDENCT
Shame on the 7 GOP. The individual mandate is a disgrace. No country on this planet that citizen are fined without coverage. SHAMEFUL !!!
Yes, great job by John McCain
Still figuring out your Twittler regime. Look at all this losing.


Great Job, we need more of your employees to be like you: brilliant, hard hitting, loyal and kicking the losers and demo-rats into the curb.

I'm willing to sponsor SCARAMUCCI for a while as I've done dozens. I'm one of the longest sober member of AA, CA, NA. His problem is obvious
Until he goes against you then he will be a very bad
Let's hope order reigns and leaks end.

Mr President, I feel you should not sign this bill! If they want to tie your hands behind your back or muzzle you. Make them fight for that.
Star of your administration? That's not saying much. That bar is so low, it's not even a tripping hazard. #Resist #ImpeachTrump
I STAND BY MY PRESIDENT!!  THE TRAITORS OF CONGRESS, I hope you all are NOT re-elected. You all holding back the progress of the country.
Got a new baby sitter trump? Kelly the baby sitter of the giant russian orange A** -> trump
I know who's not one of Kelley's heros
#JohnMcCain
Ola amigou haw ore iu mai Donald Tramp
XDXDXD
