Why the hell would any sane person watch Fox News when it's nothing but propaganda for your sorry ass?
Can't wait2see another example of THE TRUE TRAITORS OF DIS COUNTRY SIDIN WIT A FOREIGNER OVER A FELLOW AMERICAN!TAKE NAMESOF DA NAY VOTES 
no sanctuary for criminals. Amen
Yes  get those neo nazi 
Criminals out
Rip Kate, you sweet Angel! #KatesLaw #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
Uncle Tony, it is my belief that San Francisco will resist any type of Kate Law. Notice the NON-response by that city council when she was..
...possible future Democrat votes. Very sad.
And if the scum libturd "politicians" in San Francisco don't abide by OUR LAWS, they should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of OUR LAWS!
I'm for this happens we can't allow for these kind of people in to our country build. That wall we need know
I agree completely
Make sanctuary cities illegal and jail Mayors that create sanctuary cities.
I have a governor that should be at the top of the list! @hickforco
Oh definitely!!
Fake is USA!! USA is the Fake!!   http://p.twipple.jp/nDlR7 　 http://p.twipple.jp/jLsSn 　 http://p.twipple.jp/Vbz8T 

@foxandfriends
FOX FAKE NEWS last in ratings. You should find another propaganda network.
Liberals wouldrather sanction,house,andfeed illegals pouring into country.THEY DONT CARE OF VETERANS OR EVERYDAY WORKING AMERICANS.FACT NEWS
Amen President Trump. Your the President the U.S. has ever had. I pray for God give wisdom in Jesus name. He loves you Pres. Trump.
*You're* missing a key word in *your* second sentence, so let me fill it in for you: WORST.
Yay some propaganda.
Amen!
Amen to 22 million people loosing their health care??? What do you think Jesus himself would say?
He'd say go pay for your own stuff and stop stealing from others. But hey those 22 million are eligible to buy their own policy.
WINNER WINNER CHICKEN DINNER I DON'T THINK SO WINNER WINNER TRUMP DINNER
How will this help?
Before we add new laws we should focus on enforcing existing ones. No?
Bill O'Reilly should be invited to the Oval Office for the signing of Kate's law and he should get the pen along with a great big thank you
Should they bring women in for him to assault as an extra thank you? Seems like the Christian thing Trump would do
Note all the woman disappeared once he was fired- conspiracy at best. Same with PRESIDENT Trump!
Actually they didn't. It's still going through courts and Fox is being investigated by FBI for lying to shareholders. Facts.
Roger Ailes not Bill O'Reilly read the case. Carlson has a trail of past claims & finally won one. If you dress that way expect comments.
HAPPENING TODAY: DonTheCon is still an ignorant and worthless piece of trash who is ruining America.
We the people are the majority not the 25% and Russia who got him into office.
Okeefe, the guy with the lawsuits against him for false representation
News flash...he already lost. And had to pay damages. Please inform yourself.
I'd like to thank Donald for making Fox 3rd in the ratings. The people HATE you that much.
Lets see how low the Democrats can go today.

@realDonaldTrump @VP @senorrinhatch @GOP @KellyannePolls @PressSec @SarahHuckabee
SHOULD HAVE BEEN PASSED ALONG TIME AGO...
@realDonaldTrump GO TRUMP
Prov.11.14
Where there is no #counsel, the #people fall; But in the #multitude of #counselors there is [1/2]
Sorry, but I don't think #MAGA will be possible. There are Muslims everywhere in the country now. Can we deport them all? I don't think so.
Let's see those taxes, comrade reality television empty suit.
Well, rumor has it, something big is about to blow, hence all the everything is "fake news" chatter...We all know Trump is guilty as hell.
Let's hope that they start working know they have had eight years of holiday time to relax & just remember who to vote for the next timeAmen
I believe lawmakers should be held criminally and financially accountable for undermining laws. No more hiding behind government titles.
Yeah sure... Donald Trump really cares sbout Americans. .. enough to sabotage their healthcare
#TheResistance #MAGA #Resist #DonTheCon

To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
The bestest US President Russia ever had!

Ah, spreading the Fake news that immigrants are responsible for crime, when they actually commit LESS. That's called propaganda.
These laws never push a far right nationalist agenda! Worked really well when Jews were the boogiemen in Europe 90 years ago! #Prayers
Tell us what YOU have done in 5 months. NOTHING.
HA HA HA HA HA!   Where have  YOU been?  Now in Spanish.  JA JA JA JA JA Donde has estado?

I want justice. Illegal is illegal. 
Get it done !!!!
We waited a long time for this LAW  Democrats keep turning it down thank you President Trump
It's because they had 5.7 million illegals vote in 2008. They want people meddling in our elections.
#Liar #Loser #ImpeachTrump #UnfitToServe

It's happening folks! America is becoming great again!
America is the new #laughingstock of the world.
So you're ok w it. Gotcha
Thank you PresidentTrump for passing a safety and security bill that stops illegal immigration that protects American citizens!
You know that's not how our gov't works, right? He's not king. Congress (i.e. Legislative Branch) is the one that legislates. #ImJustABill
"Kate's Law"
1) Not strict enough for repeat offenders
2) "Fines?" Criminal Illegals gonna pay a fine?
3) IF imprisoned = in U.S. so tax $$
If imprisoned maybe 2 meals a day an not 3?Just a thought 2 save a little.?Also sentences do need 2 b strong 2 deter
There shouldn't be any sexual very for any criminal act American or not American
HAPPENING TODAY: The Predisent confirms he is still Fox's only friend. 
Please help our country to crack down on HUMAN TRAFFICKING!!! PLEASE
Fake is USA!! USA is the Fake!!   http://p.twipple.jp/nDlR7 　 http://p.twipple.jp/jLsSn 
RT @foxandfriends: HAPPENING TODAY: House to vote on immigration bills including 'Kate’s Law' and 'No Sanctuary for Crim...
Do you get briefings from any agencies other than @foxandfriends?
At this point why would we. #Cnn has already shown that it lies about reports and the same goes the other networks.
Wrong
I old enough to remember @realDonaldTrump saying this before the Deep State cut his balls.
...HONEST journalism and reporting will publish NAMES of the "yays and nays" and We the People will know the truth abt who really reps us!
OLD sell out sanders & his ugly wife R in big shit!
Here's what we hope is happening today.
Great progress is being made. Thank you, POTUS and FLOTUS, for working so diligently to make America #MAGA.
flotus? I generally leave her alone, as a victim, imo. But what is it you think SHE's done??
The shamelessness with which you push Fox News as state sanctioned media is truly appalling.
Cut back on the Kool-Aid, my friend.
You're using Zenger to attack media that's critical of the government? 
Oh dear. You have got it bad.
Just wondering: Will you pull out their gold teeth too?
State Run Media - Fox has zero credibility when that condone Trump's Treason!
MORE FAKE NEWS - There was NO vote today!!
Immediate Press Release American Anti Semitism .Netanyahu to millions of Jews: We don’t really want you!  http://thenewmainstreammedia.blogspot.com/2017/06/immediate-press-release-american-anti.html …
about time
Trump is targeting brown people. Undocumented people DON'T commit more or worse crime than natural born American citizens.
All illegal aliens are criminals. It's the nature of coming here illegally. Deport the 20M. God speed, @ICEgov . 
They should go after mayors, senate and house and judges that harbor these illegals.
@hickforco just pardons the violent felons so they don't get deported and can be released from prison early. Let's prosecute him first!
Pass Davis-Oliver Act #WinBigMAGA
Hope it comes out support the girl that was killed in San Fran by an illegal immigrant for NO reason. We  happened to visit at same time!
@realDonaldTrump
EXCLUSIVE:
Magazine cover NOT found at any Trump golf clubs. 
This is very positive and good.
No sanctuary for criminals does that mean you because you have to go
Geepers I love my President. His word is his bond. Man of integrity.Promise keeper
Yay! Not tired of winning! Suck it libtards!
Hopefully it passes unanimously!
Why don't U report ALL the 3 million tax payers $$ on #DonTheCon Golf trips every weekend or the 30 million a month for wifey 2 stay N NY?
Creating false dilemmas that don’t exist; A black and white division of the world into “ours” and the “alien” other;@realDonaldTrump

I hope the votes will be crushed by normal thinking persons! Do you know you have already a Law&Order System in place ? ^^
Thankful for President Trump's leadership.
Good job @realDonaldTrump
Finally
This needs to happen, ASAP!!
@realDonaldTrump It's about bloody time!
Yea 
No sanctuary for criminals.
Keep your eye on the ball Trump.
Can't believe that I got kicked off Twitter for 2 weeks for supporting the President and others on here that bash the President and nothing
Nothing happens to the libtards
Let's get it done @GOP
Any Congress member or senator that votes against "Kate's Law" should be thrown out of office.
Happy your goofy spray painted ass out of office fool!!!
You are America's Greatest Enemy.

#EnemyNumberOne

#DangerousDonald

#TrumpRussia

#LyingDonald

#DonTheCon

#TraitorTrump 

#LiarInChief
God bless the UNITED States of America 
Get it DONE !
I just love FOX.  They lie just like me.
a lot of# check marks # coming out to day by ther name lol
Thank uou @realDonaldTrump
Chuck Jones was right...your a liar!!!!
Hey Fox News, what are the factual statistics comparing violent crime committed by illegal immigrants vs US-born citizens? #wheresthenews
It doesn't matter. We take care of OUR criminals & other countries must take care of their own!
Amen get it done !
Failed POTUS and lying Russian lackey. So sad, soon to be impeached!!
@realDonaldTrump I get Kate's Law. but I don't agree with the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act!
Maybe it's because they want Santa Claus to become president? Or wait I'm free too!
Odumbo is trying to hide Susan Rice involvement in unmasking by hiding her emails in his library. GO GET THEM PRESIDENT TRUMP & RELEASE THEM
THAT'S MY PRESIDENT... GETTING THE JOB DONE.
There are a lot more Americans that are killed by their fellow Americans. Look at the jails. Nevermind, you turn your back on those.
Praying the bill passes
It's about time! Thanks Bill O'Reilly!
Have they voted for this yet?
Sanctuary cities are a disgrace !!!!  What a .......joke
My uncle was refused entry from Ireland because he tested positive for TB include all communicable diseases to cut NO's !=====Grampa
@realDonaldTrump Do not play into the Chinese blackmail. If we want Missle defense in S.Korea, put them there. Their in S.China sea.
@realDonaldTrump it's about time thank you Trump.
PEOPLE LIVES DESTROYED. SIX DIFFERENT INCIDENTS ACROSS OUR LAND HAVE REVEALED THAT ILLEGALS COMMIT CRIME WITH NO PUNISHMENT. GAME OVER.
@GodiePeCo ahora entiendo porque se ha caído el valor del dolar.
Thank you Mr President
Illegal immigration = OUT!!!
Praying for this bill to pass. Kate's  law will mean so much to families  that have lost loved one's!!
Promoting Fox News is wrong.
YES - PASS THESE LAWS ASAP!!
Vote YES!
Congress has no problems passing H/C exclusions for themselves, added security windfall funds increase, and somehow have taken 4ever 4 this
Yet I imagine children will somehow fall into that criminals category somehow. Thanks for the info state propaganda network

It is about time
Is @FoxNews the only news outlet you trust? If so, why? And be specific. Exactly what is your relationship with them? Just 'Friends'? ;-)
They are in the East San Jose area & they are creating chaos in the city. Crimes are up & they are terrorizing good residents everyday.
Just wait till a Liberal asks u how u know their immigration status.... then they'll call you a racist bigot when you explain common sense.
POTUS keep up the good work
About time!
#nobansnowalls
Quit exploiting this woman's death and let her rest in peace
Pass Kate's law and no sanctuary for criminal act!!!!!
Where is Philando Castille's Law?
VOTE YES!!!! This bill had better pass.
Oh wow, the House is going to vote on something. You mean those swamp dwellers in the @GOP are working instead of meeting w/ lobbyists? 
No, now we put them up in the White House!
@realDonaldTrump  trump is kicking ass
Need to work on White Collar Crime. Cops do a good job with blue collar. White collar crime is destroying America
Please Mr Trump stay on offense & use your executive privilege that's why we put you there...MAGA... Build That Wall & Drain the swamp...!!!
No, actually everyone's talking about #TrumpRussiaCollusion.   Including your former campaign lead....

https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/politics/former-trump-campaign-chairman-paul-manafort-files-as-foreign-agent-for-ukraine-work/2017/06/27/8322b6ac-5b7b-11e7-9fc6-c7ef4bc58d13_story.html …
I think it's a good idea. We need to be safe.
It is about time !!!
The best part of Trump run down his daddy's leg
@realDonaldTrump we can't afford to house all these prisoners. Deport, don't incarcerate!
thank you so much President Trump for taking steps to help protect americans!!!
If they want to kill/rape/rob/here illegally
They Shall be deported or shipped to the Democrats house 4 wks . We want legals only
N safe USA

Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare. Wrong, I know the subject well & want victory for U.S.
Whats going on with the libs, they have lost thier minds. #libtards
Sad but people are killed all the time by white people
Time to watch Alex Jones and get his perspective on the news and the TRUTH
Who are the criminal
It's about time,the democrats are not for our citizensthey want to keep you down
Perfect!!!
Thank you Mr President.  You are making our country a better place. Won't even hear this good news in the left wing media. Keep tweeting
What is ur plan to fill the jobs of the undocumented when you deport 11 Million ppl. Unemplyment rate is at 4.8%
That's what agricultural visas are for. Come here to legally work.
it's amazing what shows when someone stirs the pot.
What if the criminals were falsely incarcerated????
@realDonaldTrump China is playing the long game. They don't want to be the first strike position but they do want the retaliation position.
I'm almost 100% certain Trump has no clue what sanctuary cities actually are.
