please have someone else run this account so you stop discrediting the people you claim to serve
like everyone discrediting his presidency, Dems not attending inauguration, and claiming not my president?
or like our current president claiming our last one was not born here?
I'm guessing these tweets could go back and forth all day. Both parties need to move forward.
We did. We matched yesterday around the damn world. Moving forward with impeachment.
lmao...good luck with that...
They did,,,despite Russia helping you out...you still lost by 3 million votes..
Small hands, small crowds.  Pathetic fake president.
Maybe you should reach out to them.  Acknowledge there fears and concerns.  I am willing to hear you out.
you said you wooukdnt defund it will you keep your word. If you don't who will vote for you again? I know your heart
UR Pres. Now! Your turn: ACTIONS/RESULTS R LOUDER THAN WORDS. Quit "REACTION" Start "ACTION" the game of elections is over!
Did you hear that 6% of ur voters already have buyers remorse? You are in for a bumpy ride.
they did - thats 63mil for your opponent, 60 mil for you...
We did. All of us. Including the 3 million of us whose voices didn't count.
I thought the
3,000,000 more of us voted for Hillary then votes you got. 8,000,000 more people voted for other parties. You lost by 11M.
You were sent a GLOBAL message of dissent. #WomensMarchInternational
funded by soros
We did vote. You lost the popular vote remember? You got 3 million less votes. Never forget that.
never forget that popular votes are for prom queens  USA elects based on college electoral process. Don't forget that!
Right. Like a fake democracy
although I'm sure you'd call it a "real" democracy ONLY when a libtard wins the election OR wins the popular vote, right?
Nope. Never have liked the electoral college. And by the way, saying libtard isn't funny, clever, or even insulting to us.
OK, so wht wld a liberal shock jock like u say would be "clever" or "insulting" ? Ya never disputed the hemp smoking though
lol. Good one? Man, you're so cool.
nah not as cool as u SoCal libs Ur not even a shock jock,just a part time lacky who critiques movies  do u also bartend ?
I'm sure some did? Just sore losers...
You are our President, of ALL Americans  I am praying for you and your family.God bless you. What counts is what you do now
lol. Very weak response.
what???
That's why they're marching.  Their votes were invalidated by the electoral college you've suddenly become fond of.
the likely DID vote... you lost pop by 3 million votes, remember? Ten mill voted for someone other than Trump.  Lost BIGLY
Just jealous they didn't show up for you. It's all about you.  Hell no!!!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Maybe take "celebrity" out of "Celebrity Apprentice " 
maybe they did?
celebs hurt the cause? wasn't that your job a one time?
We did vote! Hillary won the popular vote by 2.8 million. Do you remember that?
you are absolutely right. Celebrities have no business being involved in politics.
we did vote-you lost the popular vote by 3 million. Did you forget? Run the country and get off Twitter.
all you liberals wouldn't have cared if it was the opposite. Clinton winning electoral but not popular Vote. Can't please u
Al Gore won the popular vote. Bush got the electoral college vote. CNN and most polls got this election all wrong. Move on.
Women are not oppressed in this country. The march was a waste of police time. When will our country stop wasting+start doing what is right?
many voted NOT FOR YOU
ignore these protesters at your own peril.
ummm we did! U lost the popular vote! These were the popular voters not the electors! & celebs had nothing to do w/this.
I'll never understand protesting for life's sex reasons.
You struggle with logic, don't you? Who says they didn't vote?
1)you lost the popular vote by millions 2)you're a celebrity so uhh, yeah.
The "lost the popular vote" argument is old. Thank god CA & NY don't speak for everyone
who said they didn't vote? it was a reminder that you clearly need that you lost the popular vote bigly
The popular vote drives protest
We did vote. And it was NOT for you.
ok and some people didn't vote for Obama and he won..they accepted it and moved on
U been under a rock? Republicans didn't let it go for 8 years!
trump you need to lead. Get off that place in your head where it's about you and try to find a place to help the ppl
how many times in his speech did #Trump SAY I = 3 times 
How many times he say WE = 41 times
for him to fix that. He signed yesterday to make it harder for ppl to buy a home . Why ? If he's for the ppl
Were you watching #CNN yesterday ? 
I don't base what I see on any news. I'm base it on what I see from him. I see that he doesn't explain all the
and you will not either he is not a politician he will not change that's what I love about him one of us
your not listening your being defensive and you have your own agenda. Stop for a moment and get out of your
oh not me I'm being myself as trump is being hisself. Why change being who you are will not happen
@lincolnwells How soon we forget!
haven't forgot. Anyone who does any research knows the electoral college does work though.
Funny Trump didn't seem to think so, until it worked for him. It belies one person one vote.
but you have to win multiple regions, not just highly populated areas.
Except the EC means (for most states) if your state is 51% to one candidate, winner takes all. 49% worthless?
yes. Which is same as popular vote. EC just ensures they focus on the whole country and not just a few parts.
But it doesn't consider the whole country. In a different state, my vote would count. How is that right?
it wouldn't have counted there either bc once you win more winning votes don't help.
VideoGameTiger
No, You hurt us badly!! How about trying to expand your vocabulary a little!!??
We did, remember you did not win the popular vote.
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork.
We did vote!  Not for you!
I VOTED u c-sucker. 11 presidential elections..44 years. Tore up my card 'cuz Hillary won
they voted...not for you
They voted and lost. Now they can't accept it.
watching march for life protesters, I was under impression we already had a vote, and a ruling? #notmypresident.
Donald J. Trump; a master of deception and deceit.
They are just attention whoremongers.No class! Just after free publicity. America needs God so badly now. Godly Leadership. With God #MAGA 
>> for if you support him you will in turn support USA...That is what this is all about isn't it?  America the Great is You
#onlyTrumpcould to make the stars of Hollywood to urinate in front of the Russian Consulate
They did vote, & you lost the pop vote by 3m voteS #getaclue
Keep tweeting!!!! Cant trust the media!!!
your proof they didn't vote? Didn't Putin win the election for you?
we did. Those women you saw might be the 3 million you lost by.
"cause #dumptrump
We did vote and would have won if it wasn't for Russia cheating for you!
I did vote. And you're right, celebs hurt causes badly -- YOU are a celebrity, remember.
We did vote but it wasn't for you. I know it's hard to believe but a great # of people did not want you as their POTUS.
You're an accident waiting to happen...it's a good thing I didn't wait that long
Your statement doesn't even make sense. I know more Mexicans who type better than you. Your account is an embarrassment.
using this tweet as a quote in my paper! thx for giving me the material to make my case that the womens march was successfl
Come on Prez... Tweet us some more crazy stuff... We and my boys had a great laugh yesterday. Showbiz after your term.

we did vote. We voted against you. You're a celeb-and you're hurting the cause of America a lot.
Quick – check your face! I just found your nose in my business.
We did! When will you have the graciousness to accept that you lost the popular vote! You are a sad, self-involved man!
that's not what it's about Mr. President.
Who says we didn't vote?
If you were my father I'd be just as embarrassed of you as Baron is. He clearly hates you and he should. You're despicable. No wonder Melanoma doesn't sleep with you anymore. I'm guessing Ivanka does though.
you're the stupidest person in the world and I hate you.
raised 3 kids on my own no childsupport. Could have done  a lot of marching for things i needed but to busy working 3 jobs
What makes you think they didn't?
I prefer the term dimwit
they were an embarassing joke, making all women look bad. They don't speak for this woman or any I know!
THEY DID VOTE.  REMEMBER, HILARY WON THE POPULAR VOTE!
Focus on why they are marching and what you can do to helop.
"CAUSE"? Admission there's a CAUSE & reason to reject & despise this fallacy that the majority of Americans did NOT vote 4
so #celebs #USNewsMedia are all to blame for anything negative as to your standing? Are the #AmericanPeople next to blame?
we did vote just not for you!
we did #vote ... just not for you. #notmypresident
Ignore their ignorance. Your going to do great things and MAGA!
we did & my vote didn't count due to the electoral college.
they did vote. You lost the popular vote, remember? #notvoterfraud #womenjusthateyou
I voted along with 66 million others AGAINST you.  Almost 3 million more votes in the popular election.  Get over it.
Your mum's like a switch, even a two-year old can turn her on.
wtf does this even say?
I did vote
Everyone did vote & over 3 million more of those votes WERE NOT FOR YOU! You're a joke! (Another area where size matters!)
I love you and am looking forward to the next 8 years! Just remember keep treating people like people.
How the hell do you know they didn't vote, that sounds ignorant
>> and lost...move in and work Wth your President to improve Your work...Stop creating a mockery of your electoral system
Ashley Judd wants to tax Viagra? Is angry because her underwear is bloody? What's her point? Shrieking nutcase!
how do you know these people didn't vote#notmypresident
They did vote! Those are the 3 million more votes than you got.
I agree. They were vulgar & sick. Definitely hurt the cause.
Present company & @RealJamesWoods excepted?
we did.  The majority elected someone else.  Plus, you had a little help from Russia
...they did, 3 million more....face it , you won, but most people prefer Mrs. Clinton & you can't stand that...LOL!!! loser
protest was way bigger & better than inauguration.
i think Obama is best for America .. or Hilary 
ya cállate
"celebs hurt cause badly" could you please form a proper sentence?
We did! We are standing up against you. Get ready old timer. 
they did vote, but not for you!
The difference between Madonna and a steaming pile of dog shit is Madonna attracts  more flies.
they must feel like they're not represented.  Show them that you represent everyone!
I hear when you were a child your mother wanted to hire somebody to take care of you, but the mafia wanted too much.
they will in 2018 just watch them
we are boycotting the Celebs who speak against you. We love President Donald Trump
They voted. Just not for you. You lost the popular vote by about 2.9 mill. Thought you knew. Awkward...
This is what happens when the left doesn't get their way. I will be boycotting celebrity award shows this year.
I'm a Ret. 34 years State Police Tpr.  so glad you are speaking about 2 of my favorite interests: GOD & Law Enforcement
people did vote and you LOST the popular vote by over 3 million so.....
They vote to have their say in an open forum....something our govt. should learn to do. Have some respect.
if you are fleeing a country you should only be here as TPS if situation improves in your country in next 10 years
they did vote Clinton got 2.9 million more votes than you.  EC undemocratic should be abolished
You babies had your 8 yrs with this, now grow up and play fair #ResistTrump indeed!! Like that's gonna help anyone- only the enemy states
at least 3 million marched, and you lost the popular vote by 3 million.
Votes? You wanna talk about votes??? hahahahahaha
release your taxes
When questioned by Fox, many didn't know what's going on in the political arena and didn't as you stated even vote.
2.9 million
>> at present?? NO! Mostly because of economic and political uncertainty in many of the partner nations.  Imagine the USA
Such an embarrassment;on the other hand,got more fat people out walking than ever before, ugly Amer., Michael Moore types!
Liar!
you're butt hurt cuz  celebs have been bringing the truth to the public? #TheResistance #NotMyPresident #GetBent
you lost by over 3 million votes but won because of the electoral. your team is not giving the right information.
Trump members registered to vote in two states; Tiffany Trump, Jared Kushner, Steven Mnuchin, and Stephen K. Bannon.
Don't you have anything better to do with your time? 
See, this looks like an actual Trump tweet, self-centered and arrogant as fuck. Wonder who wrote the pro-protest tweet.
they did vote and Hillary won the popular vote so it didn't really matter, did it? 
filling my swimming pool with the tears of all the poor butthurt losertards. Mmmm salty
WE HATE YOU. YOU ARENT FIT. YOU LIE
how dare you tell the people they will no longer be forgotten, and then ignore them during such an important cause
You lost the popular vote. You remember that, right? I know math and logic are hard. Ready for cookie & nap time?
no.  The Dems hurt the election. They had to run Hillary because they are gutless. Bernie would've smashed you.  
we did vote. You lost by 3 million in the popular vote
Absolute narcissism is not a good way to run a country. Start connecting with the "forgotten" remember?
these people did vote you lost by 3 million in the popular vote if you don't remember
we did vote
probably because you purged them from the rolls, even then the people didn't choose you. A broken system did
You lost the popular vote by 3 million votes. They voted against you.
If you were half as funny as you think you are, you would be twice as funny as you are.
.@realDonaldTrump
Must be why you, class D reality star, couldn't correctly run your "charity".

cc: @billmaher @RealTimers @NevSchulman
Can I borrow your face for Halloween?
