Just so you know, gains in the stock market have no affect on the national debt nor the deficit.
But it does on personal wealth
Yes, it does
Please help me get my son home!
37 months in Foster care in Wake County North Carolina

Clips of the Billy Bush interview available online.
                  #DONALDTHEDULLARD
Please pass the tax bill senators need the tax deductions I'm a business man
When you talk you make no sense. The deficit has nothing to do with the stock market. Your IQ must be pretty low.


#Douchebags
Sean Hannity is the truth. I know you're used to being lied to from Obama for eight years try the truth ones
further 301.81 behavioral and decision making examples
So how come swamp rat Sessions is not busting Clintons a$$ to JAIL?
Eww
Great interview with Hannity.
Fake news. Lol

The FULL verse that EVERYBODY is talking about! @eminem BODIED THIS! #HipHopAwards 
Still no word on our 4 fallen soldiers in Niger? How about fires in Ca? Help still needed in PR? As long as you plug urself on Fox, I  guess

Until the US can stop trafficking children & can provide healthcare for citizens STOP mass Immigration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nSO-jY0OWL8 …
#BuildTheWall
Thank you Mr President  MAGA
Try an interview with a real journalist, please.  You always scream Fake News, so go prove them wrong, you putz.
@seanhannity Sean is an entertainer, not a serious journalist. Softball questions! Want a real interview? Sit with Dr. Rachel Maddow.
have fun at day care too
Disgusted you woke up

Up for your diaper change?
Hey Donald, the only thing you've been successful at, was reality TV. Maybe it's time to return to what you're good at
Lie after lie after lie after lie......
Who in their right minds believes a single word you or Hannity says????
Of course you won't be interviewed by someone who actually asks questions. You coward.
Have you really got nothing better to do than watch yourself on TV? SAD
From your propaganda channel! 
And Puerto Rico is without power and serious fires in california...what are you doing about That?????
Have a blessing day
A tax-payer paid @POTUS who shills for @FoxNews because they shill for him. Where is the @FCC & #Ethics committees on this one?
Lmao!
Russia had Pravda. The GOP has Fox
25th Amendment. NOW! You're certifiably nuts!
GREAT JOB
You are a Monster


The only way this country will have a great day is if you resign
You’re a #FuckingMoron 
You’re a #FuckingMoron 
You’re a #FuckingMoron 
You’re a #FuckingMoron 
You’re a #FuckingMoron 
You’re a #FuckingMoron 
You’re a #FuckingMoron 
You’re a #FuckingMoron 
You’re a #FuckingMoron 
You’re a #FuckingMoron 
More real fake news,huh?
When will the justice begin we cannot let these corrupt communist resistance Democrats get away with this
U got wrecked by Eminem
Eminem owns a crack pipe!
there's anoter poll here, done weekly:

Less talk more action. You've yet to do anything of significance except bring shame to this country with your paltry antics.
all that is going on in the world .... And you just bumped your tv clips at six am
Thanks for the video proof of your lies.

Oh good, you all can watch the worst POTUS in the world spout non-sense and lies on a loop. Sad!
1st amendment,exposes authoritarians like u.Defended with 2nd amendment  and by heroes like these.Acknowledge them and their families now.
As a truck driver & owner/operator who can barley make ends meet

I'm excited about the new tax cuts

Maybe I can get a new truck
When the Dem's cry that the tax cuts will benefit the rich

It makes me sick
What about us millions of struggling small business owners
So punishing the rich in a weird psychotic jealous frenzy

Should be more important than the millions of struggling small business owners
I asked my lib nephew (who is healthy & on gov aid/won't work)

Why he hated Trump and he said cause he's a rich white man
I guess in the crazed lib world being rich and working all your life to become rich is some sort of crime
The suffering you describe is a result of decades of tax cuts for corporations and the wealthy. The middle class is dead. Any idea why?
Because U libs were turning us into a third world country

that's what a third world country is

No middle class
only very poor or very rich
Please don't assume I'm liberal. More of a realist than anything. Why does every discussion devolve into divisiveness? We should be united.
FAKE NEWS
No one cares about more policies which will fail.
It's amazing how you gravitate to fake news sites.

Where r your tax reports??????
Please investigate Department of Social services


Big T, I apologise on Daniels behalf. He hasn't been all there since he fell off a bridge & landed on his rear, suffered brain damage ffs
Big T, forgive Steiny as well as Dan landed on Steiny's rear, he also suffered brain damage ffs
T Man, you can fuck up just as much as king ffs
If those 2 were anymore cuckoo they would be clocks ffs
right twice a day at least,  more than you ffs
Thats a broken clock, you're just slow ffs




Diamond and Silk fire
 back at @Eminem

 #ReTweet this is the…

President Trump Fires
Back At @Eminem 

@realDonaldTrump…

Eminem was a better
#rapper when he was
ON DRUGS: @Eminem…

Thank you Mr. President.

Keep up the great work.

…

#ReTweet & Share if You
Will Always Stand for our
National Anthem  

 RETWEET IF YOU LOVE
AMERICA!      

#49ers player Eric Reid
says he will continue to
Kneel during #anthem

…

 NFL SHAME: 

Will ONE millionaire player
have the #Courage to lose…
#microcock x3 (and friends)
Such total disrespect for the flag! You are a failure as a commander-in-chief.

You too , Sir!
PLZ start tax cuts. As a SMALL business owner, paying 42% taxes is HIGHWAY ROBBERY. Obama crushed middle class, no new hiring until relief
If I had to watch you lie while he  fawns over you I'd throw up. That's a terrible way to start the day.
Mueller will be questioning you soon. Have a great day!
Can't see the clips, promised myself I wouldn't watch FAKE NEWS!
Lies and fake news spews from you like lava from an erupting volcano.
fake news and lies.
Oooooo ... you said HELL to the moron POTUS. Think you’ll go to twitter jail? Just heard from someone in there, she was swore at the moron.
*- was
I would rather watch snails mate
You are a failure who just keeps failing.
FAKE NEWS!!!
RT @realDonaldTrump RE: #TaxReform YOU FAILED because you didn't address/fix the ROOT PROBLEM: BIG CORPORATIONS' TAX EVASION and FRAUD. #USA
Forgot the clips dick!!!

.@RepAlGreen gives notice of intent to offer "Articles of Impeachment against Donald J. Trump – President of the United States of America" 
Oh awesome! You finally showed us your taxes? ... No?  I thought so you fraud. #wewillbreakyou
Sir, u do understand irony of finishing off tweets w/  “Have a great day!” when vast majority are having their worst days ever because of u?
Trump is guilty of abuse of power of ignorance GOD never abandoned his children which means trump is the devil who should burn in hell
Meanwhile Puerto Rican's are dying and Californians are burning and the people in the Virgin Islands are struggling to put everything back together  #Resist #ImpeachTrump #TakeaKnee  #HowManyHashtagsDoesItTake
You're an idiot. AND a moron. #25thAmendmentNow #TrumpIsAMoron #Rexwasright
Here's a better clip!
Stop watching TV !!!!!!!!!!!
Trump's savings own savings are MASSIVE. Show the taxes!
What is your reason for eliminating Alternative Minimum Tax other than to benefit the richest chronies who brought you. #SWAMP Not Populist.
Have a great day? All my days are shit with you in the WH.
So true...Sad.

AWESOME interview. as usual thank you !
I feel that I’m about to be clipped by you
#FraudNews #FireSessions
NBC head Noah Oppenheim suppressed the Harvey Weinstein story https://www.thedailybeast.com/how-nbc-killed-ronan-farrows-weinstein-expose …
Both fake news
You’re supporting Fox that sexually harassed it’s female anchors? Of course you are.
This is a looney tunes interview!
Listen all of y'all it's a Sabotage
On Health Safety & 1st Amd
#ACAsabotage #PR #IranDeal #PenceStunt #NBCLicence
Talk about Fake news. 
You’re a clown...
Just resign. You’re pathetic. #25thamendment
Lhoist is a german comp tryn to force their workers to look 4 insurance now 10,000. Out of pocket next yr 7,000 premium plus 80 copays HELP
Knowing you're busy destroying the US makes it difficult to have a great day.
It's all lies and bullshit! Fox is fake news and the fucking moron orange clown is the White House lies none stop
You hit this out of the park, Mr President. Americans have embraced your tax plan, and economists say it will boost the economy!
#MAGA
The greatest day will be the day of your impeachment
If I want to hear nonsense I will go to a daycare. Oh wait we already have one in the WH #adultdaycare
You're a 71 years old man, please grow up and be more presidential.
(Fart noise) #FreeMelania
tRump, your efforts to sell a 'snake oil' tax plan that favors Top 1% & Corporations, not the Middle Class, are despicable. I call BS.
WH supports a network that spews falsehoods day and night? Twilight zone. Trump is a sexual predator, so of course he is on Fox. #pervert
Crazy Man  You and your buddy @seanhannity ,, the only friend you have left, have lost all credibility!!
I try, but then I remember you're in the WH and the day is ruined.
FAKE NEWS AND FRIENDS?!
#25thAmendmentNow
Thank you Mr President! I really hope this tax cut will help middle and lower income class people & small businesses! We need this! MAGA!
Why did not you publicize where your speech was  in Harrisburg was?  Afraid of protesters? Many want to tell you how terrible you lead us
No one likes you stop tweeting these BS rants. Makes no F*$#€*^ sense.
Remember me? #SlimShady
You asked for equal time, so when will you appear on CNN. Or maybe a sit down with NBC's Lester Holt again. Seems you're afraid.
Ask Kansas how there tax plan work? Clown
Have a great day also. Last night you and hannity did a amazing job and fox and friends best morning show. Glad you are #MAGA keep it up.
Liberalism is a disease!

Go Prez Trump 2020!

...And The Reconstruction Era has begun!
                      #MAGA!
🕆🕇🕆
Hard to have a great day when you're turning your back on Puerto Rico just so billionaires can get their tax cut to buy another yacht.
SAD
I'd rather have a colonoscopy
Your tax plan sucks and benefits nobody who truly needs it. Just admit u don't know what the hell u r doing.
Clip of @POTUS @USArmy #Retreat disrespecting the flag ceremony #Hypocrisy @NFLPA @NFL @Kaepernick7 @ShaunKing
Wishing LYING RACIST TRAITOR Trump the same misery he inflicts on every US citizen not only today but every day - tenfold.
Fake News
This man filed bankruptcy 4 times! It's a pattern! He is going to destroy our economy!!!!
The stock market does not affect the federal deficit. ?? Why do you say such stupid things? Are YOU stupid or do you think your fans stupid?
speaking of Taxes . Prove you have nothing to hide. Show Americans your taxes!
Better revoke their broadcast licenses
Sean Hannity recorded saying AIDS is a 'gay disease'
#TrumpIsAMoron
Now that's Fake News! #LiarInChief #TrumpLies #25thAmendmentNow
these parents R from your low income base! These kids need a life saving medical care. 
@BarackObama wouldn't have let this HAPPEN!
RESIGN
My beautiful daughter loves and voted for you as well President Trump. She wanted to marry A. Rodgers and now she has tossed her gear.
#PuertoRicoGenocide
#FakeNews
Why don’t you grant an interview with a real news team instead of this sycophant who seems to be on his knees sucking your orange .....
#trumpisfat
They are propaganda mouth pieces for your cult & Fanboys. I don't suffer fools.
More lies from our President!
You too!
Again, like reruns of the apprentice, no one cares to watch!
Watching CNN now. Probably won’t get to that today or....ever.
Do you praise Fox and Friends because old Rupert makes them kiss your ass?
Like a father spoon feeding a spoiled child. But still #neverpence.
No one praising you today?  Left to do it yourself?  It’s actually the only thing you actually do on your own. It’s all BS. You watch it.
Presidents pet
You and Hannity doing disservice to our country and its citizens.  Critical coverage is protected by 1st Amendment.
#therealfakenews
Great interview on point my support for 4 more years
No intelligent person watches #faux or sleezy #hannity, ass-kisser extraordinaire. 
Good Grief!! Lies, lies, lies. Stupid drumpf bootlicker Hannity sits there and smiles.
#TaxDodgerDonald
