YUCK Rather watch paint dry.
what happened to the rest of the video did it show a bigger crowd with protest signs
stay your course-keep promises
When and how do we know it is great?
Where is our middle class tax cuts !!!
Isaiah 30:21
Your ears shall hear a word behind you, saying, “This is the way, walk in it,” Whenever you turn to the [1/2]
right hand Or whenever you turn to the left. [2/2]
when will you stop running for president...
those are protestors.
Your the best !!!Keep fighting the extreme left losers!!
just read new Fox poll - not Fair! - too many Dems!
Its  happening  God bless and protect you
Funny bcuz this is a pic from TN rally right? Maybe ones in the video r protestors? Also u had 2 bribe ppl at Auto Rally?
You admit that? You donate to billionares? Brilliant!
Well your second Muslim Ban just got struck down again for being a governmental prejudice against a religion!
Do you know that there are also non-Muslims in those countries? They're generally being treated terribly.
It's such an HONER for my people to be able to clap and cheer for me! YAY FOR ME!
~claps hands happily~
Get out of my state, you stale cheeto. All you do is cause hate and violence to spread. @realDonaldTrump
.@realDonaldTrump Amazing! Remember when you said you would date your own daughter? So much fun!
In fairness, he probably now finds it icky...because she happens to be Jewish. @billyeichner @realDonaldTrump
I can't believe how people don't care for other people who won't have health care with the plan they want to put in place!
Donald's entire life has been a con; now, it's on the American people.
 @realDonaldTrump
not run them down give him a chance!
has had his chance and fails to do what needs done. LIAR-IN-CHIEF
he has had his chance?  What just over 50 days what about the ones who had years?
TALK IS CHEAP, ACTIONS SPEAK & HE IS WEAK
keep telling yourself that
it's the truth. He wants to unite and then blames dems. He's so weak, Putin hold him up
woah! Look at those TENS of people! Almost as impressive as the inauguration turnout.
Thank you Mr. President for all the hard work you've done on behalf of the American people.
you mean golf. Thanks for the 15million dollar golf bill.
right with his orange fave ass

Running late.... upset that your Muslim ban has once again been put on hold....
so many white people
Make Trump's Tweets Mediocre Again!!!
Make Approval Ratings Above All-Time Lows Again!!!
I would say make Trump's new #MuslimBan banned again, but it already got smacked down just hours before being implemented
BYE!!!!
PUTA MADRE YA CÁLLATE
, eradicate "radical Islamic terrorists" yet Saudi Arabia (9/11 majority of the attackers) is not on the list?

At the Trump protest #resistTN #trumpTN #thisiswhatdemocracy lookslike 
keep up the good work! Don't let these assholes push you around! That's why we voted for you!!
how?
god she fucking hates him. Like most of us. How she let him crawl on top of her is beyond me.
I just heard what you said about the Muslim ban. You are wrong again. You lied to the crowd. You r repulsive.
#trumprussia
Protestors, Donald. They're throwing rotten tomatoes & cabbage... which incidentally Bannon collects & sticks to his face.
In Nashville, Tennessee! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! ...
Now imagine the even bigger line of people who didn't vote for you.
Justin why do you feel the need to be so rude?
The real ? is why is my rudeness more concerning to you than Don's myriad treason/graft/human rights issues?
because I agree with him.
HAWAII JUDGE DONE SHUT YOUR ASS DOWN.
I really hope nothing bad happens allowing plp come here and put in risk the entire Nation!!
ONLY serious danger to our nation is the orange, lying and fraudulent conman in WH!
I'm laughing on that 1!! He is bringing us out of the hole that Obumer but our country in it! 
Healthcare is a scam you're screwing the people
Healthcare how to screw the people health care premiums too high people can't afford the doctor makes you slave
Hope ur trip made more than just #SNL great again.  @Merrirrro @gordy_shanks @QHancroft @aunteeker @theminnguy @ekcj1234
oops, forgot this.  @Merrirrro @gordy_shanks @QHancroft @aunteeker @theminnguy @ekcj1234 @LaCina52 @sonnycole @lc_fern
oh, and this one. @Merrirrro @gordy_shanks @QHancroft @aunteeker @theminnguy @ekcj1234 @LaCina52 @sonnycole @lc_fern
& this! My favorite! @Merrirrro @gordy_shanks @QHancroft @aunteeker @theminnguy @ekcj1234 @LaCina52 @sonnycole @lc_fern
Had a friend ask from the UK, How much is all this stupidity costing the tax payer?  Errrrmmm…
his weekend golf costs 3 million for use of Air Force One alone. @bethmail4 @gordy_shanks @QHancroft @ekcj1234 @sonnycole
Sort of disgraceful beyond all reasoning when people are sleeping on the streets.
Sociopathic Trump & associates have no morals & don't give a damn about anyone
u mean make Americans sick, give them cancer and poison them. #worstpresidentever
And take away their health care so they can't go to a doctor!

Yeah. I feel sorry for the leftist Snowflakes too

i support him because he actually fulfills his promises (except LGBT toilet thing)
don't bother. Snowflakes don't have a functional reality chip in their brains
Wait! Snowflakes have brains?
Yes, and we use them. You should try it sometime
Really! You have brains and you use them? Just not on Twitter, right?
How much did you pay them? Had they been protesters, there would have been many, many more! #SCROTUS #blotus #trumplethinskin
President not successful over 143 days Court blocks his attempts to save this country
Mexico won't pay that wall!
America was great...until you had the election bought for you.
*let's ffs how are you president you cant even english
Do you not see the destruction coming down the pike
America’s always been great ... for capitalist parasites stealing the planet’s resources which should belong to all of us.
Leave if you hate this country. You aren't welcome. #socialism
expecting better of my country and from her people is an act of love.
Wanting to turn America into something the forefathers did not intend is a sign that you hate America.
that's a silly statement don't you think? The logical response is to find out what you think they intended???
What's "silly" is saying "we need to transform America" as #BarackObama said. We need to PRESERVE America! #MAGA
what is it we'd be preserving? The "silliness" is the "you hate America" statement...
If you want to "transform" America, that means you hate the way our forefathers founded it and therefore hate it.

I was hoping so. But it's Nashville and they're all wearing those Nazi's red caps...
Now this I love 
@Rrepublicans2  Thank you POTUS!!! Americans are excited again !!
You, donnie, are RUINING AMERICA and bankrupting us. Your family should NOT BE GETTING SS while doing your business!!
Good Job. Keep draining swamp. English only Gov. Save money for translators. Everybody should speak/write English
paid alt right activists
only if you resign
only way to do that is #impeachandreplace
Sorry, but you seem like a CHILD in an adult shell... "sir"..
@CNN @maddow  It's not going to happen with you in office.
is that the grassy knoll?
the crowd r getting smaller Mr Putin, I mean Trump
PROTESTERS!!
Remind me again why you're still campaigning, instead of just doing your job?! I really want to know.
those were all the protesters outside more outside than inside

Under @POTUS budget, virtually all fed funding to #NYPD eradicated. Entire counterterrorism apparatus in nation's top terror target hobbled. 
What are we doing for the cattle industry, devastated by fires?
Those are all protesters ya putz.
@realDonaldTrap_ just look at EU, they ban head scarf and no one cares, but if US does it the whole world cries foul.
There was a stench in Nashville today. And most of those folks were our Great INDIVISIBLE Folks

We are all ready great.
to make America Great Again RESIGN
looks like a Smashmouth concert just let out!
look at the dismal crowd, ha ha ha
Stop touring! Go back and do your job!
Come to TEXAS @ SAN ANTONIO... Help us make Bexar County Red as Texas!!!
Thats just sad there is like one line of people haha
AMERICA, my America is already great.  You don't even have a clue what real AMERICA is!
Donny boy, your mom should have taught you "Oh! What a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive". Bad boy!
lol nice showing the protesters
a drive-by of everyone that will be without healthcare
=
so Angela Merkel thinks Populism isn't democracy?
Shouldn't you be working and not holding a pep rally for your ego stroking? Pathetic.
Boss you are on top of  your game! Cannot be fired! God smoothen you ride as you soar in obidence
Cutting Meals on Wheels won't make us great
DEACTIVATE
those were protestors against U I saw it on the news. Always trying to make yourself look good but instead look a fool
it's good to know u are the most hated man if u are a man everywhere
#womanfortrump
maybe stop looking for something to do and for approval-and golf-selfih
look at the millions and millions.... oh wait.... like your swearing in all over again
#sad turnout for a failing prez
I literally got a twitter account to harass you Donald. I use it for virtually nothing else.
@kupajo322 was awesome  having the president in Hermitage & Nashville yesterday making America great again
Kinda reminds me of the grassy knoll in Dallas!
everytime u say that it's like saying that hard working people (which u r not)
You are UNFIT to do this job,  You are unwell and a fcking reality check.
Well dont say i didn't warn you...tell congress its gonna be a great game
#ometeotl
.@realDonaldTrump Let's*
Get your ass back to D.C. You WILL NOT win again with this many people hating you! #losingsupporters
did you look into Mike Flynn at all?
Donnie, America has always been great.  You, however, are making it a sad, divided country - worse than our civil war.
Mr. President, WE THE PEOPLE are so forunate in having you as our leader!  Thank you, and please be careful.
Come to California! I dare you! We don't imbibe in your Kool-Aid!
Impressive, dude. They must be lining that road in their...dozens?
@PhdFor   MRTrump,please BLOCK annoying people from your account. They're probably Unemployed-Nothing to do-Losers! #Haters
Had to bus them and pay them to clap for you. 1/2 empty auditorium that only holds 9000
Fake media would not show you that. Thank you!
did you count them?  How many millions?
I heard there was a huge crowd of protesters. Really huge! The hugest crowd !
@POTUS  won't you please come to New Orleans? We build Rockets here! #MAGA
treason applauded by the hateful people who continue to support trump and his communist buddies.
@WeSupport45 Nashville Tennessee 
How much did the crowd cost?
@pg_rant what a welcome

America would be great without you
the only thing your doing is destroying America along with people's hopes and dreams.  God, I hate all you stand for.
you are wrong
Yes sir，must be great again by your tweets
we love you Donald we keep you in our prayers
Golfing again?
It was great before you got in.
our fake media never covered your visit!
. For the record, Trump did NOT win Davidson Co. -Nashville.  Clinton won!  Thousands were protesting Potus! Not red in Nash
NO MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN IS FOR A REAL PRESIDENT TO DO IN 2020 CLEANING UP AFTER YOUR BULLSHI* MESS AS*HOLE!!!!
I am from Tennessee  about 25 miles from Nashville  so glad you come to our town gald you are our president.
what he's not showing is that the majority of those people are probably there in protest
Without full repeal of McCarren/Ferguson (Antitrust exemption), there will NEVER be true competition in healthcare markets...
looks like a line waiting for the mall to open
media will never show these Americans proudly supporting OUR PRESIDENT!!
The crowds in Nashville were amazing! Thousands stood in line for hours and still couldn't get in! I was one of them.
EMBARASMENT!!
how cool a grassy knoll.... how about going back around gain
let's make America *fucking stupid and prejudice again
don't listen to muslim SIMPATHISER  they are BLEED HEARTS go Mr. TRUMP BAN BAN BAN!
nice to see all our PROTESTERS #IMPEACHDONALDTRUMP
pretty thin little line.
Hey you with the FAKE HAIR. America was great before you got your tiny hands on it!  Now quit breaking it!
LOCK HIM UP LOCK HIM UP LOCK HIM UP LOCK HIM UP LOCK HIM UP LOCK HIM UP LOCK HIM UP LOCK HIM UP LOCK HIM UP LOCK HIM UP 
That looks like a 20 year high school reunion you tool! Grow a pair!
We will MAGA as soon as your are in prison for Treason MF!
Twitter bots need to STEP IT UP.
let's start by impeaching your ass
, please do MAGA...quit acting like the rest of the idiots in DC and grow a pair. You're just another puppet for the elites.
It's so obvious that you do these meetings because you need your sad little ego boosted constantly. Such a sad little man!
America has always been great.  I have never understood why your supporters put up with you saying that.
dear little lying donnie trumpie just go away and bancrupt more  businesses. That's what your really good at then resign!
@POTUS  Those are your protestors Donny. 
America IS great already - and better off without you #orangefuck
we need to make America smart again! #MASA #ImpeachandReplace45 #illegitimatePresident #IPOTUS
POTUS thanks for putting America first.
you should ask the Locals who benefit from meals on wheels what they think about making America Great again.
@POTUS Yeah, looks like they're TRYING that BOGUS POLL BULLSH*T AGAIN like they did during the Gen/Primaries!
SOO BUTTHURT!
instead of boosting your ego maybe you should actually do some work. Con man!!!
More protesters than supporters.  LOL
Wow, one deep! You go boy. SMH
The only way for you to make America great again is to be impeached.
