Why?
Open up  handbook, "How to be a President for Dummies ". Chapt 5, pg 38, 3rd para, " Always show respect to dead soldiers. Here's example
Pres.TRUMP Sir ,thought that would work ,"As,long as your active status as Commander-in-Chief" of US Armed Forces, you can't be Impeached
I will be at work but hope to record it. Thanks for the heads up. Your doing a great job. Drain the swamp!
this is the security body of Nigeria the shithole called Nigeria under Buhari all are Hausa Fulani
If I were American I would Vote Donald Trump for the rest of my life.

He supports my country Angela Merkel tried to destroy :(
A large sucking whirlpool is starting to form in DC.  Swamp creatures panic as the current pull on their tentacles but it’s to late. Trolls scream even louder cursing the sky  why is POTUS surrounded by USMC Generals? Genius +++


Why do you make Trump look angry (in HD) and use a blurry pic for the Greek PM ?

Well we could be so proud of trump selling fighter planes to every country who comes here it's good for the war


You loggerheaded bat-griping whey-face
NO!
Trump campaign faces subpoena in assault lawsuit   http://ow.ly/9VwZ30fV9je  #trump #SexualHarassment #subpoena #FakeNews
This is why 17 days late Trump is yet implement Russian sanctions.

Don Jr meeting was about removing sanctions not about Hillary/Adoptions.

Michelle Obama's Rose Garden......Yuck
12 million killed in the Holocaust in WW2, of those 3 million were Greek. Greek-American  cooperation goes back to Thomas Jefferson
And then you make fun of the religion that you've been supposedly worshipping what a joke all you are is a compulsive liar
This country needs unity!
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEeee

#MAGA
IF only #NFL had patriots #StandUp @NFL coal miner cheered after singing Anthem #BoycottNFL 

#StandForTheAnthem
Not the same. Technology and CLEAN energy have displaced coal!
Hi mr president
Your press conference are just lie conference from the #LiarinChief #Resistance #Impeach #TRUMP
#Iwouldrather have a root canal

WELL DONE!!! YOU GOT THE NAME RIGHT...NOW REMEMBER, INTRODUCE YOURSELF AS PRESIDENT OF THE USA....NOT THE VIRGIN ISNDS, ALTHOUGH YOU ARE...
No.
No. I will call and try to schedule a root canal for that same time, because it would be more preferable than listening to you.
Sort of unrelated … but I’m wondering if you’ve literally ever made your own bed? Not even judging.
Hopefully Trump will finally mention California, where people are dying in wildfires.
Cali wants nothing to do with Trump, why should he even care.
mr president check on your power
Darn! Missed it. Was watching a rerun of the Apprentice episode when you got preempted by Obama announcing OBL was killed by our troops.
the face of evil...that is funny


Don't let this become a reality here in the US:
The Most Absolutely Frightening Compilation Video Of The Current Islamic Overthrow Of Europe You'll Ever See #Brexit https://vimeo.com/145740894 
Thank you for speaking up for us. God Bless the USA. Fck Tsipras.
#brooklyncow #morongate #alcs

Why would we want to do that you #FUCKING #MORONYou’re a disgrace to mankind you #Senile #Old #Man  Sorry excuse for a human being
Mr Robert Mueller has your taxes now and the jig is up
#YOU #CORRUPT #BASTARD And the best thing is that you can’t stop  himRESIGN NOW
Uh HELL NO

No thx
So you'll be taking lessons on how to bankrupt a country?
no thanks. I have an appointment watching paint dry, which is going to be so much more stimulating.
Keep lying!

I LOVE TRUMP! 
Don't make me laugh.

And Trump always wanted to have one!
When ex-President Barack Obama tell the families - he and Hillary Clinton tell them LIES!
Not!
Obama Lied 4 Patriots Died!
Hahaha,  another racist conservative Christian supports hatred, bigotry, taking healthcare from millions of kids

Did you forget to mention Russia?
You gonna mention your failed travel ban?

When ex-President Barack Obama tell the families - he and Hillary Clinton tell them LIES!
Hahaha, another ignorant Trump Troll.

Without the cover of Twitter's 140 characters or a speech writer, Trump shows just how mentally unfit he is to lead anything.
•When did he write or say this?
Watching Donald Trump sentence @CSPANVL https://www.c-span.org/video/?c4546796/donald-trump-sentence …
Oh for fucks sake...not again!
"How much damage can one person do in 36 hrs?"

We're about to find out.
I'm hoping you'll take one for the team and watch it for me 
I'm listening. He's not going rogue, yet. just showing pictures from his book on Greece. He was able to keep his coloring in the lines.
 You're the BEST 
You are the greatest threat to America
No, those of your low intellect are America’s doom!
You disgusting, low life liar! How dare you suggest only you called families of fallen soldiers? Shame! #UBUM
Yeah, cuz you were personally there to make such a determination!
@theClaudiaInez @kardamylaxios 
Also, are u finally going 2 admit sexual assault charges degenerate? You might do less time than 4 treason

Allegedly, @realDonaldTrump repeatedly raped a child.

Check it out. https://twitter.com/corrydes/status/796372770259161088 …
When you say shit about past-presidents and it's a lie. Then say it was something you had heard.  Is you passing it on #Fakenews @ShaunKing
We should send all comments based on things we hear through you, for determination of whether it’s a lie?!
I love this story
Jerk
Your days are numbered as president.  Your party is going to enact the 25th.  You have gone mad and they have no choice.
Say the names of the 4 soldiers
I spoke with @RepWilson a short time ago. She was not the only person in the car and what Trump said to the Sgt’s widow was on speakerphone.
We wish you both great success, President Trump and Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece.
Duhnald!  Nobody cares any more!
How do you plan to insult him. Tell us now so we can be prepared for the fallout.
Army iran iraq
Leave John McCain alone. He’s a war hero. You 4F grab women by the pu*%y low IQ. Ahhhhhhhhhhhh
I've lost 3 very close friends this year to opiod overdoses and my dads girlfriends son just died last week. What are you gonna do about it.
Literally in the last 5 years I have lost between 3 and 5 people who where friends or relatives every year. What is the plan for this.
THAT’s your press photo?!? Hahahahahahaha looks like they caught you in the middle of a strenuous dump. Try some fiber.
Translation....hey kids watch me stick my foot in my lying mouth again
You should take a clue from these other leaders and try smiling. #StankFace
So happy I'm not able to listen to your moronic babble!
#25thAmendmentNow #WorstPOTUSinHistory #LiarInChief #ImpeachTrump #hesnotfit
A Swiss guys opinion about this whole Trump disaster in form of a poem, inspired by Eminem's "The Storm":
#FuckingMoron
GOD BLESS YOU MR PRESIDENT AND YOUR FAMILY AND OUR AMERICA AND THANKS MAKE HER GREAT AND BEST FOR EVER AND SAME SAVE THIS PLANET
Go crawl under the rock you slithered out from
LOW RATINGS
He knows you suck! And nobody told you he knows you suck! Hahahahahha!
#25thAmendmentNow #LiarInChief #WorstPOTUSinHistory #ImpeachTrump #hesnotfit
To. To bad McCains Drs have not told him it effects his ability to think clearly!
Thank you for your strong support of Greece the cradle of civilization
How's that wall coming along??

#RepublicanAMovie #TuesdayThoughts #
Rather eat my own face actually
I won't join you anywhere.  Stop asking.
Καλές σχέσεις με παράλληλες συμφωνίες
You couldn't pay me too.
Did you say the Pledge of Allegiance before you started your Rose Garden spew?

I wouldn't join you live at 7/11 for a coffee.

Gregg Popovich Goes Full Throttle On 'Soulless Coward' Donald Trump
News flash trump will fight a cancer laden Az senator what guts!
You suck at Presidenting.
Do u ever work???
Why is it, when you talk, you sound like you have a glob of Putins' spunk stuck in your throat? Hmmmmmm...........
Seeing you on tape is bad enough, your infomercial won’t help.
Love sets us All free, the Way of LIFE with Joy & Peace ~Truth
I will never join you anywhere unless it is to witness you getting handcuffed.

Tsipras called you evil last year and he was right.

Great. More lying.
Don’t trust the backstabber.
#GreekBernie
Saw it. You lied again about Obama
Liar

No thanks, I can’t even count how many other thinks I’d rather do with my time.
Rapist
Soulless coward !
I bet Alexis will be asking for a handout.
AMERICA MUST JOIN WILL GOD TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
You are such an incompetent failure.  You are so unfit to serve.Your delusions of grandeur, your pathological lying
Since when do you give a crap about following protocol. You claim and always act as if you can do anything, that you are above the law.
Join Alexis- he is worth it.
Alexis Tsipras March 2016--re:Trump becoming US President?  "I hope we will not face this evil". No there's no sugar coating your appeal pal
No thanks you’re too gross
https://tmearn.com/ref/Mohamed134 
I’d rather not watch #FakeYou

Tsipras?acaso no es de izquierdas Tsipras y tuvimos que salvar a Grecia de él?que raro todo esto en fin espero que sepa lo que hace Mr Trump
You attacked John McCain again? Think we can count on one hand how many people u get along with. Bet they are all being paid.
I was told in 23 days the cancellation letter would be in mail. I was confused by that one. Is it real???  I asked for a check. Some grant
No thanks. I'd rather put a cigarette out in my eye


تعزية لا اذهب هكذا عقلي
#resign
Can't pronounce his name so I don't care about him
Are you going to make him beg for help just like you treat  our citizens in Puerto Rico. That poor man has to listen to a orange child
Um... yeah... he called you 'evil'... rightfully...
TRUMP IS A WORTHLESS PIECE OF SHIT FLOATING IN THE SEA OF HIS OWN MORAL INADEQUACY - IT'S TIME TO FLUSH THE TRUMP TOILET !!!
Hey h8rs.Are u against trump,becuz ur jello he has a job? Or Becuz ur paid to troll..There is no such thing as a real prez. Define crazy?..U
u need a different profile pic.  this one looks like an ad for a good laxative. which, now that i think of, would deplete yr whole person.
I'd rather eat dirt.
No thank you.
You're ther biggest #con fraud this nation has ever known @cnn @nytimes @washingtonpost @SenJohnMcCain
World leaders know you're EVIL! If you knew in advance what Greece PM said about you, you wouldn't meet him but insult him in a tweet!
Can you even point out Greece on a globe????
Did you tell him about Puerto Rico? More people there get it done quicker. Don't forget Houston California Florida Virgin Islands and more
I'll pass....
That's okay. I'm pretty sure you're not going to disprove you're the worst thing ever with a TV appearance.
Lead with Electoral College win, then how Russia is DEM excuse and then move on to how Puerto Rico is and Island surrounded by water.
Who promotes this old evil ahole frowning in his presidential pic? Mr.Grinch, Ebenezer Scrooge, Death, Satan?
Why?  For more fake news?  Liar.
I’m not going to blame myself, I’ll be honest,” the president said. 
1. You said that you and you alone could fix it all.
2. Ur never honest
Someone ask him about Russian Sanctions Deadline...
Propaganda
Liar
To listen to more of your bullshit? No thanks
يدفعون لي راتب مليون في شهر لا اريد دخول الى مايسمى امارات هكذا عقلي يا رئيس ترامب ترومب
A new country to aggravate.
I am nothing but a orange colored ape in a suit. Shame I don't at least have the intellect of an Ape. Still, you people voted for me. @potus
It's Been A Year Now Still No Wall Built Yet Why  Mr. President ????
Hahaha it looks like a boxing match advertisement.   Silly.
No thanks. I'd rather have my toenails pulled out one at a time!
Ο πρόεδρος είναι ανίκανος, άγνοια, διεφθαρμένος και ψυχολογικά ασταθής.
#25thAmendment
#ImpeachTrump
#ImpeachTrumpNow
JOIN ME & THE RESISTANCE IN SAYING WE WILL NOT TOLERATE A RACIST, RAPIST BEING OUR PRESIDENT ANY LONGER! #IMPEACHTRUMPNOW

#25thAmendmentNow #LiarInChief #WorstPOTUSinHistory #ImpeachTrump #hesnotfit

Do you know where Greece is located? Socialism at its best
Concerning John McCain, whatever happened to American exceptionalism?
