@BernieSanders After you realize and see what's going on, you can really see the poor & distorted analyzation of the-
..news crew on most mainstream/liberal media. It's going to be a great next 8 years. "Drain the swamp!"
ha fiction news. They really tell it like it ain't...#backtoschool
@CHETRA744 @CNN sucks
I have boycotted @CNN since #trump won the election. LISTENING TO THEM IS A JOKE! #boycott CNN!
CNN isn't hurting Amy from your boycott.
I'm not boycotting I don't watch TV I'm just saying @CNN sucks #CNNsucks its #FakeNews enjoy! itself called free speech "stay uninformed"
CNN has a pattern of "tech difficulties"/video manipulation. NOT Our free press exiled 2 upload reports, but yellow journalists Caught out.
While on FAKE NEWS @CNN, Bernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. They said tech...
You are in LaLa Land...
Lol
another lie from donny trump.
Liar. Cheater. Thief. Traitor.
Stick to the script or get cut off. I don't know how these people can sleep at night. But they're the ones that murder unborn children, so..
Wow look at all for trolls here feeding off the stale breadcrumbs the Orange Julius throws out to them. Pitiful creatures.
lying AGAIN!!! Get a grip... are you pathological?
WRONG! You're lying...AGAIN.I'd like to see what happens if you told the truth for once. Do U burst into flames?
orange flames ...lmao
it'd be tremendous. BIG LEAGUE.
Thought you didn't watch CNN? Having a little meltdown?
the only one that should ever be cut off for spreading fake news is you. A term you invented and resemble
Donnie your a FAKE president we know President Bannon is leading you around by the nose.
YOU ARE THE FIRST FAKE PRESIDENT EVER ELECTED. YOUR FAMILY MUST BE SO PROUD!
Technical difficulties? More like censorship to anything not "Left"
I think Maddow is going to be doing commercials now for the cranberry guys. Career done!
I think Maddow is going to be doing commercials now for the cranberry guys because her career is over.
#clownmaddow
بدوي.بن.بدوي.وللقصه.غربيه.عجيبه.احفظ.رساله.شرحتها.ام.يوسف.قبل.رحيل.زوجه.الي.القدس.وس.اريد.ج.هل.السمكه.له.ذكرها.
Guilty of Fake News and Censorship?
If you come down to the techniquesof technology of course it will be difficult
that'swhyyouneededucation
meanwhile the producer was turning to the control room making a slashing motion with her hand whispering cut to commer
unless it's NPR or some other form of non profit news it's all fake to me. All TV news is "infotainment" and biased.
Clown trickery.
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/03/top-5-tech-companies-that-offer-highest.html …
u r right
Missed that. Will look for it.
just because CNN doesn't pass on your lies does not make them fake news. What is fake news is Fox.
Ever thought... that's what actually happened.
Fake news?  Coming from a jackass that makes up his own "alternative facts" and lies every time you open your mouth.
Donald, you are so paranoid.
@rubbercitychris @CNN get to out when possible
It's to bad people can't watch news that's not politically slanted. News with names you remember. Cronkite, Brinkley,
Another proven lie from Donald "The Fake President" Trump #TrumpLies #TrumpTheFakePresident http://www.msn.com/en-us/video/other/cnn-fires-back-at-trump-about-bernie-sanders%25E2%2580%2599-%25E2%2580%2598fake-news%25E2%2580%2599-claim/vi-AAmR7m4?ocid=mailsignout …
that's because your fake news
roflmao
Does Bernie have dementia? He is so unrealistic, I question his mental status along with Pelosi's.
@debhrh @CNN POTUS are you making any progress regarding term limits? These lifers need to go on both sides of the isle.
please help me just listen to what i have to say save my daughter please
Interesting. I don't know whether to let out a yawn or a sarcastic gasp.
listen dumbfuck, Bernie people aren't the same brainwashed zombies that voted for you; we're not taking that bait
@potus ... Trump gives out fake news
so tired of hearing about fake news when you going to do something for the American people
#MainstreamMedia  #ZioNews  #FakeNews #VeryFakeNews #Lugenpresse #FakeJournalism
did you even watch the full interview? If so, then this is pure manipulation. 
Oops. I mean alternative facts.
and of course you dont believe that because encourGing fear and mistrust is your modus operandi. You are so sad.
Aw, didn't actually watch it, huh? SAD. This is why you will go down in history as the most bigly brained president.
...Can you be cut off for repeating same stupid thing every freakin day, Its getting old!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
HA HA !! The Pot and the Kettle !!
the mainstream media has turned into a terrorist group against America
It WAS technical difficulties, you muttonhead.
then stop saying it
just found out our raises this year went directly to increased healthcare cost due to Obamacare. Why have we not repealed?
yeah. Because they're afraid of you. Our freedom is going down the toilet
ur fake
he's not the only one cut off for bringing up fake news on CNN says breitbart
never in my 60 years have I ever seen it so bad. Even the JFK cover up.
when a media shows complete negativity on one person they way they have, one has to stop and question it.
Check your facts #ThankYou
Wow! Don't forget MSNBC! Their hatred and theatrics are promoting chaos, rioting, and violence! Their hate is huge!
That is too funny
another falsehood?
You need to SHUT-UP about FAKE news. I for one am sick of hearing it since it's only fake in your eyes
liar
Its fun to watch CNN waste so much air time to trying to convince everyone that their news is not fake....hilarious
You're a joke and #Traitor Sell out intelligence agencies to support your master #PutinsPuppet #TrumpLies #ImpeachSoon
@WinterbleShow Brett - the "Fake News guy" cut off by CNN was Bernie Sanders! 
Technical difficulties...Oh Yeah!!!
...keep trying! Americans are smarter than you.
you are insane
#poorlosers
#LiarInChief
sorry I missed that. Very funny!
it sure is fake news and what a laugh
Sir the media has always been biased Left or Right. Ignore them and take on your agenda fight chosen battles and win.
where are your tax returns and the investigation into the Russian hacking
wrong again 45th
your voice
you talking about fox news

HA HA! Sanders was making fun of you, and you completely missed it.
why not just cut the media out..they will soon stop once their ratings fall.
*sigh* they really were technical difficulties. Speaking of which, what on earth happened to you at your press event?
it's time to stop the BS Come Together As Americans and support the person who was voted in rightfully as president
liar
Hmm... @MargotBirckhead
How can you be so thin skinned?
Mr. President....start calling them VFN for Very Fake News.....When you speak to them in press conferences call on VFN
they don't even try to hide it..
That was Classic! Whoops, lost the connection.
Bernie sanders is a better man than you'll ever be
They ALWAYS claim tech difficulties when they don't want someone to hear the truth.. Cut them right o..
No Mr. Trump, it's Real News! You just can't face the truth! Take a look in the mirror when your all alone in the WH.
Indeed they did. Too bad there are no problems when Mr President is giving a speech.
so they faked because he said fake....double fake....lying is looked on as weak. #truth
Give Bernie Sanders your job.
actually he was making fun of you
- All the worms are coming out of the woodwork now, especially Belosi (her face must be red after disclosures)!!!
You seem to watch a lot of @CNN for someone who thinks it's fake news..... 
just shut them down already
UNFAVORABLE news is not fake news. #TrumpLies
I no longer watch CNN Fake News.  I stopped watching Fox years ago.  I do watch PBS and CBS local news.
They lied!
exactly!! we've been miss lead by the government and news for years!!!
America is China？
"Make the lie big, make it simple, keep saying it, and eventually they will believe it" - Adolf Hitler
" annihilating the Communist bandits for the benefit of mankind
DONT SAY HIS NAME EASY D!
Stop tweeting and get to work you blowhard!
please no more fluffy words. Lies are what they are. THEY need to be the ones on the defensive. Hit them with the FCC.
@CNNYou show disrespect to everyone. Looser. You will never get any respect because of the things that come out of your bm
money buys you fake teeth but no brains. Hot head!
you are desperate for attention. Putting everyone down shows your insecurity. I remember when you trashed Janet Yellin
you are fake....not the news....so predictable
you are unhinged and unglued. Trashing the media is calculating. You are so easily disproved. Delusional. Seek help.
DO LOVE BERNIE...WORK WITH HIM
"Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored."~Aldous Huxley
Sorry, but Bernie wasn't cut off...
https://www.facebook.com/NowThisPolitics/videos/1449824535049032/ …
So sad. Wish they'd grow up & learn some honesty & humility
you are so right. You report what is happening
audio cut, @CNN cut to com,Burnett:“Sen, U were just joking/CNN,fake news.”Sanders criticized DT label of CNN as“fake news”
Fake is not genuine !
MIKA on Morning Joe: It's a fake presidency.
lol
They were technical and he came back. You lie again, Buffoon.
Sure they did Buttercup. And you had the biggest Electoral victory since Ronald Reagan too.
bull shit
lol
Who believes this???  We all know you are the King of FAKE NEWS.
our tax moneys pay for tv so why arent we getting people in there who put out our moneys on free tv to public 1950s
American Putin should be stopped before it's too late.
Just focus on president stuff already.
So obvious.
Shut up
need to be impeach now.
what kind of leader are you?Tweeting all day and night. Demeaning, whining and promoting slander!!!!
U RUINED MY SCHOOL! 2006-2016 2 hate crime incidents.2016-2017 22 hate crime incidents.Who's to blame?Take ownership
