If G Soros is so bad,Why is he still around doing his thing? Just like  Hillary, Obama and the rest
Very sad. LV was a staged, fake event, no blood, no shell casings, ambulances parked at Hookers collecting crisis actors. Apologize for this
Hire me : https://goo.gl/WuzNW6 
my portfolio:http://rtahmin.com 
I know it is terrorists trained to hypnotize people to do horrific acts & they need to be found before they can do it again!
@POTUS @BarackObama @cnni  Take back Yr ambassador to Kenya Mr.Goddec, he's more corrupt than our leaders! Replace him with someone genuine.
Click and Scroll. Everybody link back to this, my account, and my tweets:
https://twitter.com/ChrisDownsBooks/status/920113102242291713 …
ur a diffrnt kind of evil that threatns us u deserve no pwer u r a selfish bully we never had issues like this till YOU trump came president
What's your definition since you have none of rhat?
But we'll make sure we do fuck-all about it happening again lol
Yes, u r evil and are a threat to us!  You incite violence and hate and u will not define us!  Your the evil our mothers told us about!
That's why we must get this evil out of the WH #Impeach45
Rocket man has made his bed,now he must lie in it He is the 1 making his on self be the laughing stock!! ,Rocket man is better the fat pig!!
With guidance from God& POTUS INTELLIGENCE ,America will be great again! No doubt about it,May God pour out a blessing on the U.S. !!!
God bless President Trump, his family and his team who are faithfully and diligently “ MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Are you fucking kidding me ? Trump is making America the laughing stock of the world, only "Rocket Man" is worse.
Says the 29 follower libtard that follows 10 times that. Most of your 'followers' are auto follow-backs so save us your inane comments.
the best insult you could come up with, as an adult, was his amount of followers? And people wonder how Trump got elected
Trump loves the poorly educated.
They feed his tyrant rule...
What exactly has he done for you to say he's a tyrant?
Be specific because I'm betting you just think you're smart saying the word, lol.
And i really only “feel” smart after using words that exceed 7 letters, not 6
Your speech writer did an excellent job.  You should go w/ that more.

“Banning guns from law-abiding Americans based on the criminal act of a madman will do nothing to prevent future attacks,” NRA leaders Wayne LaPierre and Chris Cox said in a statement.
Thats way over the top, come on man!
Armed to protect Liberty, Life and Limb. I won't back down. ( Petty Rip).
And yet they call him mentally ill man. Um if he was really mentally ill he wouldn’t have the brain to think things straight and planned everything
We struggle to explain to our children how US is the only country in the world where lunatics can buy assault rifles with no questions asked
At least this twit has a speech writer on hand to make him sound intelligent. Behind that filter, he's still our stupid president. *shiver*
You can leave anytime snowflake



News Flash: Guns don't keep us safe.
Oh, but we are! When our lawmakers and our leader allows for this and encourages it, it is the very core of our definition.
AMEN🕆
What did Obama do? Nothing!
Actually he did when Congress wouldn't do anything he changed rule that to not allow mentally ill to get guns. trump reversed it in Feb.
Yes, God forbid that the Feds should have to follow due process before taking your rights. The nerve. 

@realDonaldTrump Look at the snowflakes, still not over the election.Time to move on, boys & girls. 
T2020
You are Evil
Which is why we're not threatened by you. We just want you out of office.
In 8 years!! Get used to it!!
Awww! The GOPers actually think there's a chance of reelection. That would be cute if it wasn't so sad.

The evil is 45, he encourages violence. He is corrupt and incapable of telling the truth. He is a traitor and against the rule of law.
Most of the terror attacks that happen in this country are white right wingers just ask the FBI.
Trump IS the evil that threatens us, every day, 24/7, rain or shine.
Then leave snowflake. Nobody's stopping you.
she dont have to leave cos she dont want an evil man controlling her country sowflake!
Learn to type. Illiteracy is part of the problem
and also ignorant goverment puppets that dnt c or dnt want to see what is really going on and what people are really like is the real prblem
i totally agree that people that do not question the systems of power and oppression are part of the problem. still, the inability to articulate your position invalidates your argument sooo...
excuse me u tld some one to leave cos they didnt like resuklts of election just rude

Ing them. So they don't care if ur guns are taken away. If law passes taking them away then only criminals will have them. Think 4 urself.
Thats why UK has mass shootings!


A very touching statement. May the families and victims be at peace with God.
We can not defend the continued selling of adaptors that create machine guns.
What are you going to do about gun violence?  How many more people have to die before we get background checks?  Ban assault weapons now!
Forever known as the TelePrompTer president.
No original thoughts this morning huh?
@NRA spent $33 mill @potus 50+on @gop Met with Russians +  you all used ugly hate+lies to win! #trumprussia #treason $uck$

not interested in#fakenews +hate but TY for confirming most @potus supporters are hateful bigots

told you Not interested in your crap #treason $uck$  bye
U all need to stop and think bout what ur hating. Ur being told lies. Plz open ur eyes.
Oh trust me, my eyes are wide open.  I see a Crook and a really bad conman. It's unfortunate that there are those still blind.
My eyes were wide open when this moron threw paper towels to people who desperately needed clean water, food and shelter in PR.   Idiotic.
Beverly if u watch the whole clip he yelled who wants ppr & ppl raised hand. So he threw it to those in back so they got sum too.
What's this statement have to do with them needing clean water, food, and shelter? Also he threw it at them as if they were dogs.
This is not "hating" but my opinion.  For me, his gesture was demeaning and condescending.  The hollowness of his fake empathy was obvious.
I just wish ppl would take the stick outta their butts and remember he's a rough NY bid man not an uptight politician. He's a mans man.
Mans man?   now that's a new one.  You can't be real.  I'm done.
He has no problem promoting violence.  I have no idea how you people look yourselves in the mirror or sleep at night.  Your kids WILL know.
The left have no issue showing hate and violence.
Keep telling yourself that.
I will, you keep spreading the hate and stay classy liberal.
We can be by the action we take so many ppl helping each other putting life on the line pulling together in such a horrific event
Can't someone run lines with you so you sound sincere and not like you are just reading something off of a teleprompter or a piece of paper?
Truth!
Laymen’s terms for “we’re not going to address this in an impactful way”
Yep, They will give empty platitudes "Thoughts and Prayers" "Our hearts are with you" but, do nothing..

This ain't about the NFL gomer.
God Bless #Vegasvictims
Thank you, Mr. President!  And thank you for visiting areas where people are suffering to get a look at the truth of what they need.  #MAGA

But of course if someone drew you like this you'd want to sue them.
That cartoon is sick and repulsive! What does it say about the person drawing it and person spreading it?
They are funny?
But now is not the time to talk about gun control.
Please tell me how it would have prevented this psycho from getting a gun and ammo?
https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/10/3/16401880/las-vegas-nevada-gun-law … Dems have zero stake in adding some gun control except for saving lives. GOP are whores to NRA. It's not that hard.
I agree, we must unite as Americans, strong together
We say that every time tragedy strikes and fail to maintain unity.
So? Stop trying it's what you're saying? Or were you trying to imply some other alternative?
No. Stop saying the words we think people want to hear, and work to enact change. A nice little soundbite helps no one. Spend some time
talking about gun legislature, etc
As you think of the damage the demented man with guns did in LV, think of the damage the demented man in the White House can do with nukes.
Did you mean a woman who let  4 men die Benghazi because she Was in bed oh I’m sorry she refused a request for more security
No one gives a shit about Benghazi. Might as well start crying about emails. Unless you want to admit the entire Trump admin does the same?
Now Ryan and McConnell are going to pass gun control! #savemygun
People who want stricter gun laws dont understand by saying they cant own that type gun will just make people go out and buy it .
It's coming because of you. You don't believe in God.
You do so much better when you read from the script provided by speech writers - please continue this trend.
NOW IS THE TIME FOR SOLUTIONS AND REAL GUN CONVERSATIONS, NOW, NOW, NOW.
ABC is real news? Or just when the story is good for you?
日你老母
Isn't El Trumpo the evil that threatens us, and incites violence?
"Or for the bullshit that comes outta my mouth and I tweet"
#fakepresident
But that IS the definition of Trump!
The EVIL are the ones carrying ilegal weapons.  MUST HAVE STRICTER GUN CONTROLS NOW!
We expect answers of who, what, why, how this Vegas shooting happened. Many levels of corruption, diversion, lies, & premeditated murder.
So, You're resigning? What's the opposite of a "Unifier"?
Idiot.
I thought ABC was "fake news." You're nothing if not consistent.
What a nice speech someone wrote for him. If he stays on script he won't look like such a fu**ing MORON!!!!!
https://www.facebook.com/newlypress/videos/1903916319872740/ …
So you're actually going to do something about the "white, mentally ill men getting gun licenses" issue? 
#Riiiight
#LiarInChief
Keep our guns. We need 2 protect ourselves from crazy's, haters, destroyers of life, rapists, robbers, world power dominating killers/freaks
But you are defined by the crap that comes out of your mouth.
We will never be defined by you trump evil conman who hates our military leaders and all Americans, fleecing US
YOU are the evil. YOU are inciting terror.
He's talking about his presidency, right?
YOU are the evil that threatens us. RESIGN!!!!
U have no damn idea what he's up against! None!! God put him in office to give the people extra time to get there lives straight for judgmnt

I want my f****** help
Didn't the British PM say that a couple of months ago while you were talking s***?
you & your family are evil. & the NRA pays you too much to do anything good.
Donald Trump Jr. supports silencers because it'll get little kids to play with guns 
THE VEGAS PLOT THICKENS: THE CONNECTION BETWEEN THE TI PATSY SHOOTER AND AN INTELLIGENCE AGENCY
https://www.sgtreport.com/articles/2017/10/6/the-vegas-plot-thickens-the-connection-between-the-shooter-and-an-intelligence-agency …
The guns incite the terror.
@realDonaldTrump is the evil that threatens us
Freaking tighten gun laws man....
U reed gud
REALLY! Donyjon! REALLY!
IDIOT!!!!!!!!
@realDonaldTrump broo look down and read off your script some more
You're defined as a nutbar. Fuck you.
So says the little man who incites violence and racism !!
We are defined by it. DJ, you make sure we are defined by your evil violent rhetoric. You are a terrorist! Economics, education, health, etc
Until our Senators, Congressmen and President is shot in a meeting we shouldn't have any gun regulations.
Until then we will not have any sensible gun regulations.
Sadly, America is already defined by evil, and that evil is you!
should radical antiAmerican liberals be banned for commenting on @realDonaldTrump tweets?/inane. hate speech on President.
@realDonaldTrump I hate people who have no respect for there president how I wish president buhari of Nigeria is your president
You and Fox news are the alternate truth.
Translation we cannot allow Trump to define US and all the evil and separation he is trying to cause... 
crap.
Can you please go seek permission from your sponsor to have permission to talk about controlling  non hunting guns?  NRA, offer help?
good job
That's why we're fighting to keep you from defining our country.
You're saying we can't be defined by you.  Fortunately that's correct -- we're better than that.
https://youtu.be/4XrB6shaosE 
@realDonaldTrump - Easily said by Poisondent Trump and family (that do nothing) that have Secret Service details.
Somebody has to write an essay on how @POTUS has made earth warmer. Number of North Korean nuclear tests has arose madly!
Right- o. We won't be defined by YOU. #effingmoron

No we are defined but gun toting morins that love guns more than intelligence
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence The #Trump protesters are Rent-A-Mobs (ANTIFA, BLM, OFA) organized, controlled & paid by George Soros. #USA
It's called lack of gun control. If u truly cared about Americans, u w/fight to keep them safe but the NRA is worth more 2 u than the ppl r
Amen!
You talking about yourself, as usual?
Yeah sure. But we are because we do nothing substantive to change.
Alex Jones said this is all a lie and a cover-up . #shameful
Damn! Lol 
I truly respect my President. Such a moral man who truly loves this country we are blessed that he is our leader. I stand for our #potus45
He is a terrorist and had a hand in #LasVegasShooting ! #terroristTrump #murderer
You would have been a great actor in 9/11
But we are defined by the evil that leads us
Hhhh half American government including trump sent there families to Brazil and Dubai, when a little guy in Korea threatened to bomb USA
He IS the evil that threatens us.
u say the evil that threatens us what about the endless war mode the usa has been in since ww2 aipac instructs u on ur foreign policy laugh
This includes trump...the worst president ever
Treason !
Kudos to you for staying on script. You look like a third grader reading his book report.
http://ThePayz.com/?refer=24554 
Trump, you must be thankful for the staff that writes your statements for you, just quit ad-libbing.
So ABC isn't "fake news" anymore? I guess Trump thought they were being "nice" to him. lol
Trump:force FBI handler clearly controlling LV Sheriff2insist that there was only1Las Vegas shooter2tell TRUTH https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JxmEFeKy8aI&t=23s …
you R right America can NOT be defined by your existence only your punishment for treason will give us our dignity back #JusticewillBserved

IF ONLY ONCE IT WOULD BE NICE TO HEAR YOU SOUND SINCERE INSTEAD OF BORED AND STRUGGLING TO READ WHAT'S ON PAPER FOR YOU.
We cannot be defined by the evil greed you represent either.
Your god Mammon appreciates the fools you have deceived and brought into his service.
@realDonaldTrump Evil flourish when Good Men Do Nothing!
We need to be fighting for $15 an hour minimum wage! @realDonaldTrump
terrible : Trump even with out the volume your shabby disingenuous performances are cringe worthy. Step aside.
DOMESTIC TERRORISM. Call it by it's name!!!!!
you are however defined by the total failure to come up with gun control laws that protect your citizens, it is disgraceful & shameful
@realDonaldTrump is the most evil thing in America and needs to be stopped b4 he ruins our country. #ImpeachTrump it’s not like he cares about those ppl he’s incapable of any real feelings!
Defend 2nd Amd! Don't let Dems modify it, shoulder butt can b addressed @ ATF level, no changes to 2nd! 

Stand Strong! #MAGA

#foxnews #NRA
You are right, we aren't defined by the evil in the white house mainly you. Impeach now

My friend, the word "evil" suggests supernatural forces to me, like evil spirits. The shooter wasn't a devil-worshipper, was he?
الصحراء الغربية المحتلة
Trump is not bad, his problem is his temper he thinks his words beford speak out
And he is a stupid idiot
That’s right, we won’t be defined by you.
But apparently the automatic weapons are OK.
I might believe the words you say if you looked up when speaking.
Can someone tell me what is with the purple tie?
The 2nd Amendment shall not be infringed upon. #WeThePeople 
Definitely reading off of what they prepared for him. Probably told him read it, don't add to it, don't change anything!
This would have been the opportunity to call someone a son of a bitch, a guy who murdered Americans. #TillersonWasRight

ab who ?????
Yeah keep your eyes on the paper on the podium or you’ll start spewing the real you out!
You will be defined by you and your minions' failure to prevent it.
Thank God as we are engulfed in the evil of @gop leader @realDonaldTrump and family
The definition of Great includes empathy & compassion. You lack both.
And we don't want or need more gun laws or #Surveillance! #OSISystems &mothers stand to profit...#INVESTIGATE
But we are right now being defined because of you and your Extremely EVIL and VIOLENT ways!
If you care about your people then protect them. Restrict the sale of weapons to one hand gun per household and this will stop the carnage
Decent speech when someone else writes it for you.  If you just rambled nonsense like usual I am sure you would have blamed the concert fans
Amen mr.trump your doing a great job .
@realDonaldTrump TRUMPIS THE EVIL YOUR TALKING ABOUT!!!
Trump takes #NRAbloodmoney and allows for the gun violence that is #NRATerrorism.
But you invite violence and terror ...?
@GOP @vp @potus soliciting campaign donations off of Vegas shooting.  #Despicable #BrandTrump
Just got Trump-Pence email captioned "praying for every American" about Las Vegas. At bottom I can click "contribute" or "visit our store."
#fucktrump
What the hell did you do to your hair???
Looking forward to you announcing a ban on the immigration of white men, since they are responsible for most of the terrorism in the US.
