I love the idea of draining the swamp!  We're working on that right now.
Like Teen Vogue but all about #trump and his #swamp
#trumps #swamp
#trumps #swamp
"The Swamp" is an euphemism for Putin's nut sack... Our boy has been draining it since the campaign regularly.
LOL
Trump at work draining the swamp...
RT @ericbolling: Good morning friends!  "The Swamp" out today.  President Trump has a copy... get yours here https://t.c...
Excellent when we hear from you.
Guess Spicer is the swamp bwahaha
Really you plan to sell books by saying president Trump bought it. You need to join Bill O'Reilly rank.
Where is your book Wise guy, Barry still got it ??
Matthew 5:6
Blessed are those who #hunger and #thirst for #righteousness, For they shall be filled.

@realDonaldTrump I am getting mine

Is this about Donnie getting peed on by Russian hookers?
Is Bolling allowed up of his knees in the Oval?
Trump should go now, pride or not. Because, the truth is, history is going to judge Trump even more harshly if he stays.  Sad!
#Resist

Lawmaker: Clinton left classified papers in Russia, China http://washex.am/2e6pjLR  via @dcexaminer https://twitter.com/forpotus45/status/879649354394603520 …



I've never Witnessed a President that was as Dedicated to the American People, as @realDonaldTrump Has proven to be in 6 Short months
@CNN and other MSM TV &Newspapers certainly have slandered @POTUS & should be sued!

American Pravda: CNN Producer Says Russia Narrative “bullsh*t" https://youtu.be/jdP8TiKY8dE  via @YouTube
If you're white, then you're quite all right.
If you're black, then flak & sack.

#MAGA #resist #TCOT @POTUS #Trump #TeamTrump #TrumpTrain
But he can't read??
Smells like more bullshit and state sponsored propaganda.
Congratulations Eric! I look forward to reading!
And I look forward to using it as cheap toilet paper. Trump is going to prison and even he knows it now. #MuellerDay is coming.
BOTS
Who is a BOT? Anyone who thinks Trump is a mentally ill con man and traitor? Well there must be a billion of them, including patriot Mueller
Get unions out of all of gov't & re-do civil service & fire 4 cause ie private sec, all problems solved, billions saved
Getting my copy today!
Sweet, I was out of toilet paper.. problem solved
I'm looking 4 the follow up book " The Swamp - How Trump Flooded Washington's Swamp To Cover Up His Russian Collusion and Financial Crimes"
Russian collusion was Obama's & Bill's Wife's.
Get current on facts.
Still living in town of DE-NIAL! ...Because there's just so much evidence of that! No wait, right, ALL EVIDENCE POINTS TO TRUMP COLLUSION!!!
You must be projecting like a good Lefty, sir. Repeatedly officials say exact opposite: "no evidence."
+ certainly would've come out by now.
Although, actual evidence of actual collusion for Obama administration. They must've preempted accusations & projected 2distract, as usual.
Unless you are unaware, sir, you need to look in the mirror, the denial is yours.
Loretta Lynch, Barack Hussein Obama, & Bill's Wife.
Evidence of unmasking. Evidence of election neglect. 
Plus! Evidence of prior collusion w Russia by Obama & Hillary.
Come out of the Matrix.
Must have big print and lots of pictures, no time to read when watching F&F and tweeting. Don't stop tweeting, everyone see through it!
I hope it has a lot of pictures and very few pages for Donnie.
I hope it has giant pinup posters of the swamp being drained of all those establishment crooks..ie, Hillary's cronies.
You mean like the Goldman Sachs executive he put in charge and the wall street banker? Seems the swamp is constantly changing definition.
It's called making a compromise. Running a country is complex, lots of moving parts.
Good to know they're cronies if Hillary likes them but compromises if Trump does. Wouldn't want any hypocrisy
Comparing Hillary to Trump is like comparing a serial killer to a jaywalker. Not comparable.
The fun part about this analogy is figuring out who is who.
Too bad he can't read.
Wouldn't he have start with getting rid of the cronies he just appointed? Then move on to ridding the nepotism.
The title is absurd. Trump hired all the corrupt cronies you feared Clinton would bring in. You're a hack.
looking forward to reading your book! good luck with it!!!
Does Fox not pay that well? Seems everyone at Fox has to supplement their income by writing books.
 Fox "journalists" are kind enough to catalog their lies in one handy place. They call them "books" 
Few are actual journalist. What lies are you referring? Like the lies from CNN and MSNBC and the others?
Funny how any news station other than Fox is fake news. Makes me wonder,  is he paying for the news he wants to hear?
 Mark, the answer is yes. @seanhannity still gets paid by Trump, as well as @parscale and his bot army of #TrumpBots in comments  #MAGA
You’re eventually going to turn off the TV and get to work. Right, Donald?
You do not know what you're talking about he had already signed more bills into law then obummer did. Time to realize he's doing a great job
Oh God, yes! Trump has a copy- gotta get mine NOW...do you think there will be any left? Does it tell about removing DeVos as part of swamp?
K

FAKE
No thanks.  And you're not my friend.
It's unethical to hawk products like a circus barker as a president.
Trump is the swamp.
He also hangs out with a swamp that funds terrorism.
Keep your enemies close
They got very close to Trump Tower with their planes

I assume this is a book about how donald drained the swamp of water and filled it lobbyist blood money and oil tycoons, kakist #Kleptocracy
or how the GOP has gone full vampire on the lower and middle class, ready to kill people with policy terrorism aimed at destroying them
then again you may have given the don a copy of this book, well you can rest assured he will NEVER read it. he doesn't read, can barely talk
Hope it has a lot of pictures for lil Donny

GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE AND SACRIFICE FOR OUR COUNTRY
the only thing being sacrificed is the integrity of this country and you healthcare, this #Kleptocracy is undermining our democracy everyday
Pity @realDonaldTrump doesn't read books
he only can operate little Trumpski using an hand mirror .....and for sure not to f...k
@realDonaldTrump how about you stop tweeting and do some work?
It looks like an interesting book.
Come back to the FIVE
Why do they say 23M r on Obamacare? Only 11M leftt on it? Dems r liars just like Obama lied about Russia! Wake up America #italiansfortrump
If any of us needed further proof POTUS* is off his rocker... here it is.

*In name only
This whole twitter thread is a cesspool of Trump bots
We are NOT bots Mr London.  WE ARE AMERICANS.

#MAGA
And this is why those of us overseas are staying away from the US. 
Please continue to do so
...and bashing your president won't make it happen either!
@StephenBaldwin7 
Run Eric Run
@realDonaldTrump This book is about how corruption seeps into Washington, DC.  Donald becoming Pres is corrupt!  He's the king of corrupt!
Hmm, Well Trump is the SWAMP!
No garbage, thank you.  We know it when we see it.
If Tricky T has a copy that is all you need.  I know you meant to say "Good morning FAUX friends".
I thought that had already been drained? I'm so confused...
@realDonaldTrump hy
Sorry but don't feel like reading propaganda endorses by the fuhrer
not only can we build a solar border wall,how bout wind mills along the top too.
That's the only place for your BULLSHIT Eric -- the swamp, since UR filled with a lot of BS  - ya dillhole. Hopefully small words for Trump
Are there lots of pictures for Fox viewers and Trump to understand.  Trump will not drain the swamp when he benefits from it.
The Swamp is an excellent way to describe the White House right now.
Eric, does your book,"The Swamp"mention the Koch Brothers? They're 2 of the GREEDIEST, most RAPACIOUS VULTURES on the planet & They BUY pols
Swamp? You mean the one trump and the GOP have created? Trump will never be accepted or normalized. He can only gain honor, by resignation!
You are the swamp.
Cool, will be looking for audio version
I bet silly Juan Williams LOVED the book - he probably is telling friends of his ( all 2) it is a Fake story.
I would rather have the swamp than the cesspool that has taken its place.
Trump is the swamp
my husband and myself like you. We think your doing a good job.
@realDonaldTrump  THE SWAMP wants their tax cuts, people be damned!
a book about the so-called president selling America off to his friends one piece at a time? Finally!
Does it bother you that you are being used as a Trumpo Stooge to spread his bullshit? Seriously asking for a friend. #NeverTrump
Why is our pres selling books? Fuck this administration.
Keep up the good fight don't pay attention to those simple minded leftists they can't help their stupidity
Too bad the dude doesn't read very much.
But on Trump's copy, there is a picture of him and some fake news about him being the greatest prez ever. #TimeCover
Swamp Magazine? Is this a JOKE?
@realDonaldTrump can't even read
I ain't your friend, amigo
Say, is this anything like Lyin' Corrupt @POTUS's #FAKENEWS @TIMEMagUSA  @TIME #FAKEASS magazine cover? HAHA! #LOSER
What a fucking joke.
We in Arizona agree with you!! McCain needs to go!! No one out here can figure out who voted for him!! We Trumpsters never did!
Absolutely must go. He changed his colors. He is part of the deep state. I am 100% sure of this now. Mr McCain is NOT a republican
He is actually living in it.
Yes billionaires replace billionaires with more billionaires. What a swamp drainer!
Pretty sure this is illegal .A president cannot use his influence to promote products  ........but then again your not a real president
It's was on my Nook as of this morning!  Congratulations Eric!
Rhino Ryan is the most dangerous of the swamp. I heard him blazee tone yesterday - "Prez Trump is doing fine" - like he was forced to say it
lol
Mr trump, do you own stock in Murdock companies(Fox)?
Why are you hawking someone's magazine?
I ask, 
door-to-door salesman or president?
Is this a new Trump biography?
Love how Democrats just hurl insults. Perhaps if they used critical thinking skills they might come up with something tangible, or not.
Thanks but I just stocked up on toilet paper.
Are you allowed to plug book sales like this from the WH? Asking for America...
Congratulations Eric 
Why would you bother giving him a cooy? He IS the swamp! To say nothing of the fact he can't read! Does it have pictures?
great for target shooting
How Trump drained swamp of poor people
Hey buddy, doing a great job at 5 keep it up
The prez IS the swamp. Reality show: "The Swamp, Starring Donnie Drumpf as Prez, Steve Bannon as VP, Jared Kushner as the Cabinet..."
Good book
"President Trump has a copy". You know very well that trump doesn't read. LOL.  cavfefe a copy
Autobiography? #RussiaToday #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #asshats
How long is it going to take to help our children?  It needs to be first on the agenda.
Maybe this fall, Eric, when I need tinder for my fireplace.
Is it legal for you to be doing promo for them?
Does @realDonaldTrump read?
How Trump can drain the swamp: Hire lots of millionaires and billionaires, hire Washington lobbyists and hire Goldman Sachs people @Treasury
Hope you wrote a chapter on how the Bilderberg and Council on Foreign Relations STAFF that swap & have done so for DECADES!
How can trump drain swamp, he created it. He lied "BIGLY" to his supporters, the rest of us NEVER believed him.
You made a magazine about the @realDonaldTrump admin?
Nothing like the smell of propaganda in the morning
I love the inside cover. The capital was actually built on a swamp!
I'm embarrassed for you.. since you appear to deluded and gullible to realize your a shill for a mentally ill, treasonous liar and con man
@FNCSpecialists 
I'm embarrassed for you Eric 
Titanic Trump 
Tooooooooooooooooooooooo late to cut ur losses 
Margin call Eric 
Dementia
The President is filling the swamp with Billionaires and Russians to help his own financial situation, Trump first, America 7, Trumpcare?
Trump IS the Swamp
Trump GAVE THE SWAMP SWIMMERS WHITE HOUSE POSITIONS! DIDNT YOU KNOW THAT!? DO YOU DO ANY RESEARCH AT ALL?!
Good Morning Eric!  
Opportunist.
Tillerson is the biggest swamp thing of them all! Lol
Got Mine !!
Get a copy of this ... oh wait it's fake too:
"New York Times Bestselling Author" - Money has no odor, hey, mate ? #fraud #fakewriter #youvebeenswampd
What’s Trump supposed to do with your book, exactly? We all know that he doesn’t (or probably can’t) read. #illiteratepussygrabber
Shameless plug...
The only thing an alligator hates is a bigger alligator getting some of the share. Good luck with the swamp. Trump is head gator for now.
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Can not wait to get it!

6 ReTweets from Twump today...this means that not only he watches TV but he spends his time surfing around the social media.
Don't understand why people are so angry that Trump won!They should turn at his predecessors that gave him reason/opportunity to do so!
If it's a @nytimes bestseller, then according to @realDonaldTrump it must be Fake News! I wouldn't read this crap!
The actual swamp is sitting on the Capitol steps too... at least they migrated out of the building.
Trump is the swamp. Mobbed up and crooked. Lock him up! #TrumpRussia
@realDonaldTrump NEWS FLASH: donald trump can't read. Hopefully there are pictures
