Not sure what this means...?

Why RT Trump?
again, reinforce RIDICULOUSNESS (August 1, 2017; 9:23 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
You need to spell it out to people 'far' more clearly than that?

And why not criticising China, who are a bigger threat in some ways?
THEY've been regressing towards the MAO days ever since the TIANANMEN CRACKDOWN in '89 (August 1, 2017; 9:38 EDT) #CHINA #FAIL
I hadn't seen it like that...

Things will turn.

Take care.

Sean Sebastian White
No it doesn't. That gives libs the advantage if they ever take control back. #SchumerShutdown #ReleaseTheMemos
Every time you lose, you wanna change the rules. Just face it, you're a loser.
DACA was unconstitutional from start. Illegals have no rights in America. Dems places illegals before Americans.
Thank you @realDonaldTrump @gop @HouseGOP @SenateGOP AMEN !  Go to 51 Votes now and win for America! #SchumerShutdown #ReleaseTheMemo @sabine_durden #NoDACADeal
The very outdated filibuster rule must go. Budget reconciliation is killing R's in Senate. Mitch M, go to 51 Votes NOW a...
Wants change rules. Like they have time + figure out insurance too. Had 8 yrs to figure it out get a plan & couldn't, now  ignorant ins plan
Bui c.f.tutu st trY
.@realDonaldTrump And how about the very outdated electoral college? Let’s make that one retroactive to 2016!
@realDonaldTrump
@SenateMajLdr needs to get things moving or he needs to step down. No time 4 an ineffective leader. Step aside Mitch! We need to MAGA! 
Yes and we need to pressure our two RINO senators to actually vote with Republicans rather than Democrats . If Harry Reid can the we can  !
Hahahahahaha time to throw a taddy!!!! BIGGLY!!!!
He doesn't work for you.
Yes Mr dictatorship, it does make sense you want to trash the constitution.
The very illegitimate @POTUS must go! #TrumpRussia #Resist
Anyone who doesn't work for you or anything that doesn't go your way you have a childish fit. #ImpeachTheOrangeBabyClown
What it's time for is a replacement in our Presidency. Could you help us out with that?
Bomb North Korea
Not if you try to ram healthcare on the small man.
dude you could probs just call him instead of all this
So we are going to go with a nuclear option on skinny repeal?  Or #FullRepeal?  Your losing me. Maybe I just need coffee #SaturdayMorning
Do you know why people vote? It's so no one person can make the rules or the laws to suit their own needs. Why there's a house and a senate.
Classic dictator move... can't get the job done with the long standing rules then just change them. When do you ban other parties?
Hillary won the popular vote by 3 million. Just saying.....
Dude, YOU COULD NOT GET 50 ON 3 OCCASIONS!
You're not a leader. They don't listen to/fear you. Your presidency is over & everybody knows you've been the weakest/worst POTUS in history
If you can't win by the rules. Change the rules. What a marvellous deal maker .@realDonaldTrump is. I'm in awe of his cleverness #LOSING
You thoughts are archaic. Mitch M and you must go! Voting against the healthcare of 22 million Americans is inhumane.
Dums would push stuff through, in ur face.  They know how to battle, apparently republicans too scared
Filibuster not outdated just b/c you can't get bills passed! Gov't off. elected to rep. Americans not party alone!  #keep60
Please no
Or maybe actually try to work together like you are supposed to in order to come to some common ground that works.
If you can't win abiding by the rules, change the rules!! Sounds a little hollow to me.
You sleep in Obama's bed
What else is outdated and must go? The Electoral College that made you "president" even though you lost the majority vote. #loserprez
Once again dictating to change the law and rules to suit what YOU want, not what is good for OUR country! You NEED to come to terms DOTUS!
Can't win?  Just change the rules!  Your the Joke Donnie!
Poor baby Donald - things not going your way! Fuseless President ever
MUELLER  SCHNEIDERMAN  MUELLER  SCHNEIDERMAN  MUELLER  SCHNEIDERMAN  MUELLER  SCHNEIDERMAN  MUELLER  SCHNEIDERMAN  MUELLER  JAIL
That means that the rule requiring 2/3s vote for impeachment must be changed to 51 percent as well!
I think if you agree to that America will allow you to do this.  Then Again you would be impeached before you can make changes.
Treason isn't only an impeachable offense.  It's a crime punishable by death!
You act as though you are trying to pass legislation but we all know that you are just distracting us from your treason!
I'm calling for it now! 
IMPEACH Now
Indict Later!
Save America!
Now that's funny! Keep up the great retorts about DISHONEST DON!
I was on vacation last week ,,, did I miss anything?
When does Allen Funt come out from behind a screen and tell America "Smile, you're on Candid Camera?" Please let it be soon!
Mr. President, please don’t think of this as losing. Think of it as coming in second in a two-man race. #saturdaymorning #winning
Emperor Trump is pouting this morning because he is losing control. He can't even pass a fart in Congress.
Trumpcare is Deathcare and the American people clearly don't want to lose their healthcare. But Emperor Trump cannot accept this.
Don't you have a staffer to humiliate or cable news to watch? Why don't you drive a golf cart on a green and MYOFB.
I know math isn't your strong suit, but the skinny repeal was defeated 51-49. It only needed F-I-F-T-Y O-N-E votes to pass. Got it? Good!
Government isn't about "winning." It's about doing what's best for the people.
if you are so concerned about the budget stop spending so much money at your golf outings
Dear Mango Mussolini
The Majority of Americans are sick of your tired ass incompetentence. Please  yourself effective immediately. 
WTF  You can't get 50 votes for any of your radical ideas that hurt people.  It wasn't the filibuster that failed your ACA repeal.
It's outdated because you're a whiny baby and you want something?
We need your agenda in place ASAP. Change rule.
Hey dumbf*ck, you only got 49 votes.
Guess what? When U ran 4 potus; it was 4 ALL the people(BOTH parties)! You're worried about BUDGET? Where R your TAX RETURNS? #TheResistance
Way too much talk about R’s and D’s. Let’s keep focus on all Americans.
Donnie, you don't get to change laws just because they don't go your way
The very outdated electoral must go.  The result of it is killing us
Hmm. So did someone hijack your @twitter account, or was it YOU supporting the filibuster rule and criticizing Dems for debating a change?
You don't even know how government works. Why would they listen to you???
The fundamental premise of a Republic is majority rule - not super majority, but simple majority - without that rule NO Republic!
Yes! Like, for example, when one presidential candidate gets three million more votes than the other, she should win, right? Glad we agree.
Alex, in two previous American elections a President won Electoral votes but lost popular vote-if we did pop vote smaller states no voice.
Look, you're the one who brought up how w/o a simple majority vote, we're not a Republic.
I know you were talking about the Senate, but my point is, you don't seem to mind abandoning simple majority when it's your guy who wins.
Electorial College vote is all that counts in a national election for President-two previous Presidents elected without majority pop vote.
Who and what 2
Correction, were FOUR previous POTUS elected without winning popular vote, Adams, Hayes, Harrison and GW Bush.
Because, you know, you totally lost the POPULAR vote.  Wanna know where most of those 3M came from? California, giving you a big bad Finger.
Well if the filibuster rule should go, so should gerrymandering. Of course you wouldn't be president, but wouldn't that be nice ,
You can't change the rules to benefit one party!  Go read the constitution...if you can read!
@morningmika @JoeNBC DJT, the filibuster goes both ways.  It insures you can't pass a bill that will hurt people.
Obama was, and still is, better than you. The whole world knows it, including your criminal buddies. All of you are scared of him. 
Prison..
The very dated electoral college must go. U.S must go to popular vote NOW and WIN. IT'S TIME!
@REALMATHEW My POTIS
This is so disheartening. It is not the way the founding fathers intended. They never envisioned obstruction.
Comey is coming and his name is Mueller .. You sound like a panicking POTUS

RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA
STOP THREATENING MOFO'S IMPEACH ALREADY UNTRUSTWORTHY CROOKED FAMILY TWO FACE TWO FACE TWO FACE TWO FACE TWO FACE TWO FACE TWO FACE  YOUR
Don't tell Senate how to do their job herr dictator. They have more experience than you. You can't even do a good job at your job!
Stop it!!!!!!!!!!  How the hell do you sleep at night
Ur aware that they lost on a vote of 51 right?
Not outdated but equitable. A process in place to best serve the American people in a democratic fashion.
Have you been asleep? It's already 51 votes, dumbo. What do you think McCain riding in @ last minute 2 kill the bill w/his 1 vote was about?
& why do you think Pence hung out in the Senate in case he was needed to break 50-50 tie?

Do you EVER pay any REAL attention to ANYTHING??
you know what's really outdated, electoral college, let's get rid of that and your not president.  HUGE WIN for the world!
@steph93065 it appears like republicans don't want the Presisent to succeed most will vote yes but at the end not enough ??
majority seems favorable but they knew it's not going to pass so it doesn't look like they are in cahoots
With that line of thinking...Let's get rid of the constitution, while we're at it the 10 commandments both are overrated and outdated. Silly
You want to talk about outdated...The Electoral College is outdated! Yet there you are as our least favorite President!
YOU and your bigotry & misogyny & hairstyle are VERY outdated.
Nice to get the info straight from the horses mouth. Like knowing what my president thinks.
So should the electoral vote. It's outdated and as proven by you, is killing our country. You wouldn't be here w/o it. Deep down you know it
It's one of the few things left that stand between our democracy and your authoritarian rule.
Continue to #DrainTheSwamp Mr. President. We are at 'War' and have traitors in our midst look no further than the GOP leadership. #MAGA
the best President in along time. And he is saving our Country from the most useless democrats ever who hate our Country
Jail DJT, impeach for what? No audio, no video, no witnesses, no circumstantial evidence! All he said she said, said them to us.. Like HS !
Treason, sweetie pie. Know what that is?
Treason? Are we at war with Russia?
No
I agree the outdated Filibuster Rule must go!
That's right. "Win by Cheating". The mantra of your presidency and your life.
Wait...budget reconciliation is what *allows* 51 votes in the Senate. *Without* reconciliation it's 60. Care to know what you're ranting on?
You're not very smart or educated on how OUR gov't works. Those educational deferments didn't help your education very much.
Along with the electoral college!
You need to repeal everyone of Obama's laws as you promised then appoint Guliana as Attorney General take down Clinton
You mistake outdated with heritage
You are not king. You are not emperor. You are not dictator. This is not your company. You are not CEO. This is democracy. Get used to it.
You are shining a light on your ignorance. Obama dealt with a GOP stonewall for 6 years without tweeting his rage daily. Quit whining.
@realDonaldTrump legalize medical Cannabis as part of healthcare. #MAGA #Republicans4MMJ #Trump45 #Trump2020 #Makehealthcaregreatagain 
Rules suck. You will be glad you have them later
poorly thought and written bills are killing the r's
Who knew healthcare was this exciting. You put NPR and C-Span on the charts
McConnell has outlived his usefulness and needs to go.  Get some toady like Cornyn who has even less morality. Have Scaramucci start on him.
No Idiot, that won't help you. You will still fail at everything you do.
Problem is you can't even get 51 republicans votes Reagan passed his agenda over democrats. Quit whining and lead. #losing
Not his fault liberal Republican senators lied to their voters
Nothing is his fault. He's only the leader of the free world, US government and the Republican Party. He's too busy attacking his own.
Democracy is inconvenient,said every wanna be petty dictator ever
The very outdated Electoral College must go.  It elected you, despite HRC's 2.8M more votes . You've made a mockery of the US. IT'S TIME 4U
You couldn't even get 51 on your health care bill. Do you even think before you speak.
Agree!! McConnell either needs to step up and get the job done or retire!! McConnell is no Reid that's for sure!! I don't like Reid, but he
won for the Dems!! McConnell needs to learn from him!!
Your hair is outdated
But that's how ur judge gain his seat ..
8th grade civics students know that the legislative branch doesn't work for you...
Didn't you just lose on a 50 vote?
Who do these elected think they are? We voted for them to do our will. Lets get them out.
Who are you to tell Congress how to conduct its business? They don't work for you, they work for US.
It's time you accepted your losses like a man.  We have a whiny little mongrel with a Twitter compulsion for president. Impeach! IT'S TIME!
So correct
Hahaha...you can't even get to 51 votes. Obama Care...winning!
Leave Ocare to implode & move on. At least you, & your team, learned how many opponents you really have and who you can rely on
Thank you mr. President Donald Trump that's true those budget been wasting for no reason time to be fix it that's true very honor president
Sir, I suggest you quit ranting and go lay down for a while. You're making a fool of yourself.
How /when did Senate get so non-functional?! Plz find someone t give us a concrete history lesson? Founders didn't create it to b this way.
Dude shut up and move on. You lost. You still have 3 and a half more years to go.
What MUST GO IS U!!! COUNTING DOWN THE DAYS 2 YOUR IMPEACHMENT! Then the COUNTRY can finally be at PEACE!
You DO know Senate can't change filibuster rule without 60-vote majority, right? Or were you busy colluding with #Ruskis during Civics 101?

It is bad when Demacrats use it but ok for republicans?????????
"Outdated" you only say that cause it doesn't benefit you
Ah the trumpettes have eluded to the Bible. Here we go

it is like to not have good decent healthcare or no healthcare at all. U have not walked in any of their shoes, especially the coal miners
Otherwise your childish ass will take your ball and bat and go home, right Donny?
You suck
Spank em little jimmies Rs we the people 1 page plan 50 head about golden pot money left families rot plot took us made us less$$$$

4
just resign
April, pls stop retweeting DJT.  I am numb, and have no desire or reason to read any more ridiculous lies and nonsense coming from him.
You didnt even get 51...
No changing rules this is not private sector
This is not a dictatorship, that's why Dems and respectable Republicans are not allow your disasters!
I'll tell you what it's time for, for you to leave the White House.  I hear it might be coming around the corner!
You just can't change the rules to suit you! Putz! Read some books on Congress, the Constitution, plain civics!
What happened take your self to the house your dead in the water or should I say swamp
Good idea! Then when the democrats are back in power they will only need 50 votes to repeal everything you did! Works both ways genius...
Leftists will never get power. Ideology & post-election behavior makes you a threat to our republic. Obama fooled most Americans, no more!
 U POTUS. YES we want the change we voted for. The trolls "change" gave open borders and bathrooms. That sucked. Now is the time to MAGA
フレッチャー？なるほど？
I feel like block is a weird word right now
Once a cheater, always a cheater!
I have never seen a president put down the other party as much as you do. Usually a "REAL"president will work with both sides not just one.
Love you President Trump!
We shouldn't have to change rules in Congress just so you can get a damn bill passed. Why don't you pass bills for people!!
Maybe just "Mitch M." go will work.
As an Atlanta Falcons fan I now declare the Superbowl to be two quarters. Warriors fans? NBA Finals 3 games. Shit breath? Free Tic Tacs
Like the win on healthcare? 

Oh wait...
You must go! If you love America, admit you messed up. Walk away. Save us all.
Thank you for the very great work you are doing..
You need to understand how our government legislation works. If not, you will fail.
How long will you keep kicking this dead horse?  Btw, Russia investigation -still on.
No,Jail the Clinton's,bushes the real criminals wake up.stop being brainwashed by the deep state
McConnell, McCain need to get out of office! Folded to Obama last 8 yrs.!

And then if that doesn't work go to 30 votes, or less...
Shows your lack of knowledge. ANY rules change to benefit GOP would bite them in ass when DEMS back in power as then it works for them.
