Tankyou
POTUS, I love u, but it would be cool if u started thanking your supporters on twitter. We r here for u. Of course, u won't even acknowledge
The Keeping of his Promises are the only "Thank You" we need & yet he gives so much more than that !!
OMG!!!
I hope that's why you're now a R'n , you see over here that's not tolerated!
That response is unintelligible
thats not surprising Shawnee your listening& evaluation of Trump is Filtered via MSM Lies
Like u Ted!
How?
Yep @adamcbest  you gotta troll in quantity, because your quality of info sux
CNN, MSNBC and the like are gossip garbage. They spread hate and divisiveness like Obama did. Talking Trash on America's Commander & Chief?
Trump is giving the people FREEDOM and the establishment cries as loud as they can, because with truth and freedom they can not rob you.
Oh, of course! He is especially supporting freedom of the press, but only for those who support him. The rest are fake news!
eres un maldito asesino muerete
The Nationis the strongest in the world still today.  I believe we can do better.  I Believe in the people.
Like really? Yall believe now?
Thank you to Shawn Steel for the nice words on @FoxNews....

Awww.... Did they treat you all warm, fuzzy & safe?
No Trump
So Fox isn't fake News?
Here are some nice words, 25th amendment! #25ammendmentnow
http://www.newsweek.com/support-donald-trumps-impeachment-higher-latest-approval-rating-631212 …
Thus has to be an ego blaster for you!   Congratulations on the fantastic ratings! 
#25thAmmendmentNow
#ImpeachTrump
Keep up good work Trump
PRAYERS GOING UP FOR GABRIELLA AND CHLOE GOSSETT!!!
This is a disgrace! Fox "news" is an embarrassment. should immediately come out and tell their viewers that they are an entertainment ntwk
Being president is not about everyone kissing ur ass but about the people holding you accountable for what u do bc it affects our lives.
#FakeNews @FoxNews
EDIT: Thank you Shawn Steel for stroking my fragile ego. Who knew being President would be so hard!
Stop watching TV all day and try to be President for once!!!
are you really that desperate?

So what UR saying is,"See not everyone thinks I'm a goon." Well about 75% of us do.... Please don't embarrass us at G20. Wishful thinking!
Oh yeah and #25thAmendmentNow
Watching TV again, looking for adulation.
Awe. How cute and romantic.
Must be paid

So let me guess Donnie, Sean swallows?
State Run Fox News
Fox News spews more fake news than you
You like them because they are willing to lie & make it seem like you are doing a good job
Oh hell I'm talking to a London journalist. Another freaking elitist thinks they know everything. Yes maybe you'll be as good as CNN.
CNN talking about Russia during Manchester bombing's. Then said it was just a balloon going off
CNN stages fake protest. The same people are in another protest at the stage.
Little boy from Aleppo was all staged by CNN. CNN thought Syrian rebels were the good guys. When they are Isis. Yep a lot of good journalism
Love trump
Fox kicks CNN arse!
A true friend that Shawn Steel on FoxNews, ain't he, Mr. President. Not like those real reporters in CNN!
It feels like you are trying to control the media. It is uncomfortable and weird.
It's scary...it is the first step to authoritarianism.
is that the one compliment you got this year you fucking bitch
edgy.
Are you triggered since his name is "Cesar"? Flashbacks to a Shakespeare play?
No?
You mean "State Run FOX news".
Hilter had Joseph Goebbels.

Stalin had Pravda.

Trump has Fox News.

Calls real news fake, and his propaganda arm real.
He warned us!
I think this was found to be fake on snoop
Yeah, no need for fake quotes , he genuinely says loads of bat shit crazy stuff. No need for embellishments. Here's a few examples of said 
Fox News, lol.
CNN lol
It was shit the first time Don, have a nap.
Get a new hobby. Pretending to be the president... ew.
@LindaKo23218145 tRump, u say u only tweet nasty tweets when u r attacked but OUR COUNTRY was attacked by Russia yet Putin is ur best pal?
Nothing but good things to say President Trump thank you
put your lip over your head and swallow please!!
What are you in grade school
Trumpettes are… Unlike Jethro Bodine, they never graduated from sixth grade. #25thAdmendmentNow #25ththe45th #25AmendmentNow #25for45
My degree is as good as the next guys. Unlike you I am informed and know what's happening. Not just talking to hear myself talk.
Ill-informed, obviously. How’s all that winning working for you? lol 10 months in & ZERO major pieces of legislation; only subpoenas! #MAGAT
It just dawned on me: For someone who talks such a big game about their social media, you certainly don't reach that large of an audience.
Your highest tweet (which btw was that atrocious wrestling gif) got about 500k likes which is BARELY 1.5% of your followers. 
If 500k is barely 1.5% of followers, isn't that actually kinda awesome?
Not when you're bragging (falsely, I will add) about having 100 million followers...
If Im going to fact check the veracity of the number of followers he has I'll be sure to start with u. Curious...how many votes did he have?
Are you drinking  right now? He has 33 million. - of which who knows how many are real - But he claims to have 100 million.
He tweets make news bigly. u see a lot of even his intelligent critics won't even talk bout his followers, even why he was campaigning...
I would have accepted your argument except that you used the word "bigly". All that shows is that his followers just care for rhetoric...
20 bucks is 20 bucks


BREAKING! 56% say #Trump “tearing the country apart” @FoxNews #Poll MORE: http://fxn.ws/2vtowCl  
Impeach Trump 2017
That's what you pay him for
Best. President. Ever. #MAGA
Best. Secretary of Defense. Ever. #MAGA
Best. Secretary of State. Ever. #MAGA
Best. Vice President. Ever. #MAGA

So it's only REAL news when it's pandering to you? #resistanceispatriotic
You mean faux news? Goes well with your fake presidency and fake spray tan
All you care about is hearing nice things about yourself. Sad, pathetic narcissist.

#FakePresident  what a glorious shit-stain!
They're the only ones that will compliment you. Propaganda.
Hahaha you are so funny with praise when it swings your way
They've kissed your arse then live on @FoxNews ?
25th amendment for 45!
You need some rest. Lucky for you, you will have both time & opportunity. Contact me @Tricksy_Sneek for your full psychic reading now!
ass kissing at its finest resign now traitor
So Fox News isnt fake??  You're a joke orange boy
Mr President Trump, God will help you to finish the great work you have started, no man born of a woman will destroy u, I pray for you daily

#Fox News = FAKE NEWS! !!! WORST EVER
Fox news.  Their noses have turned Brown because of the length of time their faces have been stuck up your arse.
& thank u @FoxNews 4 not spending much time on #Trumpcare #wealthcare  they wouldn't want ur base to know the truth about UNAFFORDABLE HC
OK....that's one......
Mueller has most lethal team of prosecutors ever to do this  investigation. These folk did not sign on to take out small fry.  Trump=TOAST!
Nice words from a Fox News lackey? Stunning! #ModernDayPresident = #ModernDayClown
Fox News is a state run media at this point. A legit "fake news." You are a disgrace, sir. Delete your account
Stupid people follow trump.
What a surprise that it was on FoxNews!

FOX NEWS FAKE NEWS

Fox isn't news: it's shitty entertainment kind of like you.
You are to Faux News like this dog is to the other dogs ass.  You are being played and you are too stupid to realize the facts.

So money for NATO does not smell you?
Money to break up states and cover aliens, ok?
Ooooo you mean someone over on Faux News kiss your butt again....
#25thAdmendmentNow
Oh, this is real news
You are an embarrassment to the office of the president.
Why did he say about @FoxNews ? I think he said that Fox news has covered Trump's reality than @FNN_News
Don't you mean #FakeNews
Talk about FAKE NEWS...FOX


#FAUXNEWS
Do you owe him money? #25Amendment
RESIGN LOSER
Does he fill up your Ego tank?
FOX NEWS WHERE TRUMP GOES TO GET PUMPED UP . THEY SAY NICE THINGS WHAT ABOUT THE REAL REPORTERS THERE THAT YOU DO NOT TALK TO

Only on Fox News...the rest of the world not so much!
Ahh the real Fake News!

Trump's voter fraud panel is in full meltdown mode: resignations, legal complaints, majority of states won't comply http://talkingpointsmemo.com/dc/gop-official-quits-bogus-voter-fraud-group … 
They are only being nice because they are afraid of bullies like you.
#amendment25now
FAUX NEWS - The original FAKE NEWS NETWORK. Guest starring the biggest liar in America - Donald Trump
Read: "thank you Butt kisser for reading the script in state run tv".
fake news about a fake prez
Stroked again?
Official state media and fake news.

do you ever work?  or do you just tweet and golf and watch "fucknews"
Only news org that slants toward trump- other than Rush Limbaugh- equally as slanted to the right.
Lol...too bad it's a fake news network
Fake news!
Crack is one hell of a drug #Treason will be one hell of a charge #execution will get more hits on Youtube than any vid ever
Your Fox News is a joke just as you are! You talk a lot but accomplish very little of substance. But you sign a lot of EO! But still a joke!
How could you ever thank Rupert and Fox enough ? Don't answer that on the record.
You committed collusion/treason on camera in campaign speeches, obstruction/witness tampering on Twitter. GOP complicit for not impeaching.
We prefer truth to nice. Thank you @nytimes @washingtonpost @ABC @MSNBC @NBCNews @CNN @NewYorker @TheAtlantic @guardian @Reuters @BBCWorld
Thank you Shawn Steel for not hurting Donalds feelings with any hard truths


Hypocrite Elizabeth Warren Accepts HUGE Campaign Donations From Wall Street http://ow.ly/12pH100IYj1  @3lectric5heep
Putin will give you exact orders on what to do. Behind closed doors
Prayers for a cooperative and productive meeting with Putin.
My effing 3 year old nephew needs less validation than the president of the USA. Sad....
Thin skin: only like brown nosing: weak man. Cannot stand truth
Don't you mean Fake News?

You mean Fox Fake News?
"Faux News" is the real fake news.

foxnews is fake news
Our President has a since of humor and everyone freaks. I love it! Playing the Media like a fiddle and getting it done! Great Job Mr Trump!
http://www.scorphq.com/YouTube/pg.php?v=fzovFqiSysU …
It's nice when people stroke your man/baby ego instead of calling you a POS, Liar, dumbass, disgrace to the position etc., etc, etc, etc……
President Trump will you wuss out when meeting Putin by not discussing the meddling in the 2016 election by Russia? Are you afraid of Putin?
Impeach Trump - not of sound mind!
I wish visit in Us bt due to strict rules 

Can a poor bt  intelligent get US visa..........?
Very nice words indeed.
You typed them up for her#
#25theAmendmentNow
U have accomplished nothing for America except embarrassment. U have no tact, no diplomacy and no maturity. Total failure in every way.
The 37% are the Pro-life wall building supporters of the rich and lovers of a liar and man who abuses women hides his taxes from Americans
Great ACCURATE description! Put it into the words I was searching for!
Shut up.
About the only place DJT can get nice words.
Sorry, he was telling lies!!!! The lies, the lies!!!

Fox news has become nothing less than state media.
OMG! Really, don't you have some presidential work to attend to? #fakepresident, #loser
Translation: Nice words about you = real news, words about what a sad pOTUS you are = fake news. #Fauxnews
Trump companies will soon suffer heavy losses in every spot on the ground I want three million in my account quickly
Well you get what you pay them for!
“Whoever would overthrow the liberty of a nation must begin by subduing the freeness of speech.” — Benjamin Franklin, 1722

Anybody knows that Shawn is a major kiss-ass, right now. Remember nobody likes a kiss ass. Just like Trump supporters, he is a kiss ass.
#fauxnews #monstermaker #frankenstein #lookwhattheycreated #gottakeepthemonsteregohappy
Are you watching TV?  Geez, when do you work?
You are ridiculously vying for attention from anyone saying anything positive about you. #GrowUp #BeAMan
The best words... money can buy.

Everything on Fox news is Fake News. Inquiring minds know that.
@FoxNews is @fakenews
You are welcome 
But my last name isn't Steel, but Mulschlegel ,... remember that @realDonaldTrump 

