Then you are in for a rather unpleasant surprise when you pass away. In OIF, after an IED, I had 3 NDEs and OBEs. Credo.
Ever heard of separation of church and state????
Please point where the phrase "separation of church and state" is written in the Constitution or any amendment.....please.
The First Amendment's Establishment Clause.
Funny, I do not see the phrase separation of church and state in my copy of the Bill of Rights.
Hilarious, I’ll send u a link. It doesn’t have to say literally Separation of church and state because nothing was clear back then and everything is interpreted now adays to whatever fits your agenda.
Then we must acknowledge the names God & Jesus Christ as supreme ruler of human authorities.  
Anyone who doesn't acknowledge that fact is an Antichrist.
And this is his command to believe in the name of the son of God Jesus Christ.
Any questions?
yes. why are you pushing your religious opinions on people who live in a country with religious freedom?
you worship money
Sure...while he's bragging about grabbing women by the "privates"...k then.
SEPARATION
OF
CHURCH
AND
STATE!!!! 

We have it for a reason! #trumphasnovalues #ImpeachTrumpPence #TheResistance #WWWResist #VetsResist
Indeed.
There is nothing Christ like, moral or religious.

Fraud, treason, corruption, ego, cruelty and self-service

#FirstAmendment
#SHAME
This is 'their idea' of religion-Cold, cruel, twisted.
Take from the poorest-funnel to the wealthy.
Take away your rights, money, freedoms.

Roy Moore-poster child for bigotry and religious abuse
Big Bible-based churches..linked by pastor associations
In poorest states-highest paid pastors living like Kings.
One of my idols is Jimmy Carter.
He left the Baptist church of his youth to walk the way of Christ.
Perhaps it is time to really listen to his prophetic warnings against the Evangelical, Libertarian cruelty churches
Uh, no we don't. We're not a Christian nation.
God ISNT* only Christian , you're thinking of Jesus Christ. Nice try though
Ok. Then say we worship Allah.
We aren't a Muslim nation either ...
But "Allah" just means "god" so what's the big deal to you if it was a blanket statement? 
Allah is the Arabic word for "God". We do not speak Arabic here lmao
can i get a uhhhhh oneless separation of church and state (or in this case, government)
I guarantee he doesn’t. He worships the almighty $$.
Christians aren’t perfect, that’s why Christ died for us. None of us is perfect, without sin, get off the POTUS’s ass for worshipping God.
Culture war shit is the worst.

No I take that back. Missing last game of season cuz fam is sick is worse :(  Have fun today.
I'll be there. Was going to text you to see if you were coming but realized it was 745. 
Erika and I are sick. I'm drowning virus in tequila
Hahah. No I’m just trolling twitter while everyone else sleeps. I’m fine but the others aint. Caretaker duty….
I'm good enough. 
Would rather be sleeping but this fucking cockstain demands I be awake to remind him he's a cockstain
Hahahaaha. Doin the Lords work on a Sunday AM.
Well in this country we don't worship cockstain despots.

We wake n bake and remind despots they're cockstains.
Amen.

But I'm an atheist
Exactly!!! We the people Worship GOD.
I don't worship either
Unless of course ur an Obamanite, who thinks he is God, IMO I think BO's a Satan worker Bee
Amen.
#VowToVote
In America we are allowed to worship however we want !!!  In America we are free to NOT worship god too! The US is NOT a Christian country!
Enjoy Satan
Go away trump bot!
Not according to the constitution. Freedom of religion. Thomas Jefferson himself used the term separation of church and state. You do you.
And yet all the photos are of you...
You worship money.
This Devil ass of person knows nothing about Christian!!

continued .....BUt he who is gracious to the needy honors him. Why don't reg citizens tweets show up.
What does one god have to do with running a country?
In America you have the freedom yo worship whoever you want!
Amen to that. Mr President. I am so concerned, with NRTWC, KOCH BROTHERS, trying to enslave us with slave wages. Their part of the NWO
Donal Trump, we don't worship government, we cherish our freedom.  You worship yourself.
Then why do you want #NFL players to stand for the anthem?
Disgusting that you went to an event that is anti- #lgbtq #ImpeachTrump
Unless you're a Marxist, then you worship Govt!!
Since when have you honored God...married 3 times 
When did you last read the Constitution? Ever?
In America we have separation of church and state—oh wait-u don’t understand our rights. ( read up on the 25th amendment yet) #trumpisnuts
You dont. Actions speak louder than words.  You evil man.  U worship power and money, that's all.
Did you learn your morals before or after cheating on every one of your wives? Is it still OK to grab a woman against her will?
You want a theocracy there's plenty in the Middle East to choose from
did you just say he didnt say that? oops , fraid he did.
A sexual predator talking about values?
How are you allowed to do this
AMEN!!!
you ONLY worship yourself!! You are your own GOD!!
Thanks for the reminder. You had not denigrated the constitution since last week. I am glad you did not miss a week to stomp on our rights.
You weird bruh
why do we have to worship an invisible man in the sky?
Hi Punkin
yes, we have separation of church and state, for several centuries
the only person who needs reminding is you.

publish your taxes
I worship neither the government, nor God, and I do not intend to.
No in America we have freedom to chose who we worship. Educate yourself
Thank you!!!!!! May God bless you 
You worship God. I don't worship anything.
And you worship yourself & $$$$
Have you ever read The Constituition?  It should mention something about Freedom of Religion you jackass.

Keep pushing' the buttons. Without controversy we get no where . The fight has began , let America win again for all her people !
Who are you kidding??   You worship MONEY AND POWER!
This is the biggest lie of all I don't think you've ever stepped in a church pew except for campaigning purposes
And that eleventh commandment: "You can do anything [to women]"
What an awful, shit representation of so many Americans. This was a horrible statement to make and should be retracted and apologized for.
Which god lives in your tower.  I cannot identify
...and of course, when we sin, we humbly ask God for forgiveness.

Not I
The same God we mean every time we say God bless America! Donald, send me a VISA, I'm in Nigeria.
Really because no we fucking don't.
No, YOU, DRUMPF, WORSHIP YOURSELF!
Happy Holidays
I believe in yoy
this is illegal
this country has freedom of religion whether Americans do or not is not the governments business!! #alternativefacts
what did you grab them by?
You don't worship God you worship yourself
A concept: the first amendment. Look it up.
Did you know not everyone believes in God!?!?
God Bless America
Hallelujah! Preach
You worship yourself, you #cuntrump #please
What?
so stop trying to get everyone to worship you. you certainly aren't God and your role in govt is questionable
We all know you worship money Donald.
BUT YOU WANT PEOPLE TO WORSHIP YOU! WILL NEVER HAPPEN! DO YOU EVEN GO TO CHURCH OR JUST GOLF??
How do you know he doesn't worship at the Church of Golf. His golf courses are churches, he should have them all tax exempted.
Ha, ha! That would be the closest he gets to a church!!
Since when?! Will you ever say anything about the 4 soldiers who just got killed?!
No we don't. #TrumpIsAMoron
If you mean “the royal We,” maybe. But I doubt it.  Also don’t presume to know what I worship. Though you can be sure it’s not your govt
Because you're soooo religious???  BWAAHAAHAAHAAHAA
I Love It!! This Country was founded on One Nation Under God!!!
Blocked.
Jesus, which god's that then. Good of you to speak for everyone, though I never knew you were nationally telepathic
What's the difference between religion and a cult?  The number of members! FREEDOM from Religion is key

Amen! 
We are ALL GODs CHILDREN, Including the the one’s in PUERTO RICO...Do for them as for others!  Stand behind your words!
I dont feel like your "god" would approve of all your "P*$$y" grabbing and racism.
No, we have the freedom to worship any god, or not worship at all.
And we keep church & state separate as the Founders intended, so that no one religion is favored or allowed to legislate laws over the rest.
In America, we are free to worship whoever, or whatever we choose. According to the first amendment, anyway.
The beauty of America is that our right to worship, or not worship, anyone/thing is absolutely protected by our Government.
Shots fired!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
2. In America, we worship who we want or worship no one at all. That you don't know that - or don't care - is appalling.
Then why all the fuss about taking a knee?
In America we worship the Earth, christians, Jewish, Muslim, Scientology,many secular nominations, but in America we don't worship you
Amen
Well...you better work on that. #whitecollarcriminal
There are plenty of great Americans who dont worship God. You spoke at a hate convention and have the Gaul to mention God. I want no parts of any God you believe in
Thank the Lord for you Mr President.
You worship DJT. God HATES liars, con men, racists and carnival barkers.
We also have separation of church & state you dumb fuck.
check whats written on your American money
Doesn’t change the fact we have separation of church & state. 
Gods of all religions, but remember, we have this separation of church and state clause in the Constitution, plus you're no Christian.
yeah but you mean that's like only okay when we're Christian, right? #eyerolll
"Catholicism spreads a cloak of ignorance and superstition wherever she is allowed to rule supreme." Anon.
Hes probably talking about "Fish God"

There is a third option for you 45, you worship money and power...of which you have neither.
Are you fucking stupid
So Christian of u
VULGARITIES Of HATE Of A SEXUAL PREDATOR @POTUS Naked Pics Children Of America Her Child Google @FLOTUS Valueless WH 45
I never thought I’d see the day a President AT LEAST said something like this after inauguration. Major props and praise Jesus!
@VP 

Priggishness personified.  Yet, devoid of any demonstrable ethics.

#FakePresident 

#viceposer
You worship yourself and expect the rest of us to follow suit.
In America, we have a separation of church and state, or have you forgotten about that? “God” hasn’t done shit for this country, it was hard working people in government trying to do what’s best for its people, but you wouldn’t know anything about that concept, would you?
You worship yourself.
Ever heard of separation of church and state?
There are some American citizens who do not worship God - will they be shunned? Fined? Incarcerated? Deported? AFAF
Some of us are atheist. Some worship money. Some worship only ourselves(i.e., you). All are legal, per the Constitution. #resign
lls god doesn’t even fw you
Worship whoever you want, does not change your obligation to the Constitution & laws, including separation of Church and State.
You are not a Christian by any means. Please don't take God's name in vain.
Would that be your god or your daughter's god?
Hypocrite! Try praying instead of tweeting! NOTHING about you reflects being Christian.  Just playing the Christians who voted for you!
I’m American and I don’t worship either.
Headass
DJT knows nothing of God! He does not display it, live it or love as if he does. He is not humble, but needs to be! Just a "Shameful" man!
?????? Thou Shat Not Kill........." Heads up!!!!!! You can't serve 2 masters. What Parts of the 10 Commandments Book are you following????
We are at a point of no return, where the government can come in and kill as many people as they want, lie to cover it up, again and again!
Which were not supposed to, separate church from state dumb ass
You sure could have fooled  me with your un-Christian-like policies/agenda?
No we don’t. God is dead.
yet our founding fathers,in a more religious time, ensured they prevented govt from establishing a state religion. Wonder why?
1st Amendment = freedom of religion. In U.S. we get to worship whomever we want. We don't just worship God. If we did, we wouldn't be the US
Unless it's not YOUR God, right?
#MOPA
Well, no. That is COMPLETELY WRONG.
You couldn’t be more wrong.
Nobody was ever worshiping the Government, and nobody HAS to worship anyone.
#resist #ImpeachTrumpNow - he can not force us in our beliefs, this is the land of the free not a dictatorship
Hmmmm... Sounds like... Sharia?
EVERY ONE of you 43% of registered voters who stayed home for the 2016 election:   Please show up in 2020 and send this shithead packing.
Separation of Church and State.
Oh my goodness.
All you worship is money and yourself. You are a divider and destroyer. You’re hateful agenda is destroying America.
All this hate over what he said yet the pledge of allegiance clearly states one nation UNDER GOD. 
This tweet is often repeated. Trumps account is now managed by a bot?
So true. And I don't worship just any God. I worship the God who sent His son, my Jesus. Yahwah my heavenly Father.
Trump the great divider is 100% accurate.
You lie to God!
Actually, in America, we are free to worship or not worship God as we please.  It's one of our most fundamental freedoms.
After making a few calls, I’m able to confirm that all of you will be receiving coal for Christmas instead of usual lavish gifts. 
Nah
Ok so why do you support devils like kabila ? @du_congo @respect243 @EmmanuelMacron @dreynders
Unless you are Donald Trump and then you mostly just worship yourself. Is your hand tired from patting your own back?
Excuse me but I believe in America we have freedom of religion.
What about separation of church and state?
you worship yourself
God has been so good to us by giving us a president that LOVES America and who will make us greater than ever b4 bc he honors God first!
How would you know. You worship only yourself.
Nah I pretty much worship what I want because I'm a free American.
Perhaps if she were not my daughter, we might be dating. Bet your god loves that
Shut the fuck up, Donnie. You only worship one thing; your pathetic ego.
