...the Ninth Circuit, which has a terrible record of being overturned (close to 80%). They used to call this "judge shop...
Cant that Judge be replaced with someone who loves America?
You are the President, what YOU say goes..I am about fed up with these democrats
Dismantle the 9th. it's corrupt. Start over with different location & unbiased judges.
He also gave bigto Obama and Crooked Hillary's campaign. Fire the Judge president Trump. LeeMullen-Allen has your vote! UR style.
Break up the 9th Circuit!! JUST DO IT!!!
HE CAN'T and even if he did, Cali, OR, and WA will still be here...So technically I won't matter.
I thought Federal judges are appointed?
They are but first he will have to impeach them and then appoint, but good luck finding ultra conservative judges in the 3 states I named.
Looking 4 A 98
Judge big doner to Obama & appointed by BO Partisan judges 'there needs 2b a law'! Sarcasm intended #MAGA
Don't blame the judges, blame your horrific executive orders.
Maybe if you tried passing something in Congress instead of using "power grabs" they wouldn't be shot down
This is a lie.

The Supreme Court only takes 0.1% of Ninth Circuit cases for review. Of THAT, 80% get overturned.

TINY percentage.
Aw, you poor liberals, #LOSING! 
Let me know how you feel after you lose your healthcare unless you don't need to worry. I for one do need to worry & I will RESIST trump
Remember that time when you complained when Barack Obama issued Executive Orders. Good times!
Those were AGAINST the laws.

TRUMP'S ban is AUTHORIZED by Constitution and Statute !
ARGUE with the SUPREME COURT
You seem to hate everything about the United States government. Maybe you should move out? Of the country. If you don't like it, leave!
He's here to stay. If you don't like it, leave!
Darling, unlike Trump, I respect the government, he's temporary... this impeachment is taking too long 
The courts r going to be putting u in jail #GrifterInChief
Donald, the GOP congress has plenary power to abolish that court!! What is taking them so long!! @SpeakerRyan pure incompetence!!
lol.....
They have a 100% record of overturning you, so they're doing something right.
Please do what you can to rid our government of this kind of corruption!
Pathetic on their part
“If they can get you asking the wrong questions, they don’t have to worry about the answers.” - Thomas Pynchon
@realDonaldTrump why not do as #Newt Says and abolish them? You listen too much to #Ryan#Reince et al.
Sir the ruling is from judge in San Fran not 9th Circuit ....yet.
Does make sense to "judge shop" where there is a large chance of being overturned? Think about it.
It's a stupid system. If we gave the Pres the power to make decisions to protect our country no judge shld hv authority to over rule you.
U seem to not have knowledge of the Constitution. Seems u just know the  word.
I am sure u plan on benefiting from this. Crooked Trump
About are kids future with all the death tax cost of education if u have any young family best stay out of Cali cost of living highest in
the U.S judiciary should learn to help Trump make America great again. This is best done not by ganging up on him.
Fake President. Lock him up for treason
They got a bead on you. So much losing.
A "messy system" established by the Founding Fathers-have you heard of them? You are like a little kid throwing a tantrum when he doesn't...
The peoples' system!
#ShowUsYourTaxes
You used to have a FIT when Obama signed executive orders. Now YOU'RE doing it. The difference: Obama didn't write unconstitutional orders!
Dem holdovers are still operating just as lawlessly as they did under corrupt Obama Admin. Only solution: unseat, indict, prosecute. Please.
Amen PLEASE!! We've had more than enough...Wish they would GET IT:)
9TH TOO LARGE. BREAK IT UP. FILL VACANCIES ASAP.
Your ignorance is what is messy.
Hasn't anyone told Donnie he doesn't have the power to break up courts?
Yeah, it is a "messy system" when judges have to remind the president of our country how to comprehend and uphold the constitution
Clean up that "messy system". Dissolve the ninth circuit!
Is "How to Lie with Statistics" your favorite book? #UnPresidented
You have a worse record. Step down and let an adult be President.
.@realDonaldTrump I don't know if you bothered to see who actually smacked your EO down, but it wasn't the Ninth Circuit.
Maybe its not the best idea for the president to throw a Twitter tantrum every time he doesn't get his own way... Just a thought child...
Didn't the Sixth circuit get some of this too?  I might have that wrong, but I know more than one has ruled against your illegal orders.
Could you use complete sentences for crying out loud!!!!
The system was put forward just for people like you.
It's called America. We have 3 branches of government to prevent one from gaining 2 much power. BTW, ever heard of the constitution?
You do not dictate this country, you don't get to change the course of democracy to suit yourself and your insatiable ego.  #FakePOTUS
Thank God for the Judicial Branch. It's their time to shine.
Putin agrees that's why you and him are working to destroy it.

You should know 
Wrong! Fake news. You lost now live with it.
Just remember that's not your branch. You have no power there. There are good reasons for the 3 branches of government. Can you name them?
Just like the Electoral College after electing you President!!
...once again I offer you my services as a special education teacher...
You complain too much! Despite that pea brain of yours shouldn't you be doing something, I don't know, POSITIVE and PRODUCTIVE?!
Impeach the liberal POS
You don't even know what court decided against you this time, do you. Clueless and SAD.
You need to ask for expedited decision now not wait for months.
Is it a constitutional crisis. We look like the divided states of America. I guess we go through the process ?
IMPEACH THOSE CORRUPT POS JUDGES!!!!!
SAD to correct you prez, but this was the  SAN FRANCISCO FEDERAL COURT, NOT THE 9TH CIRCUIT!  PLEASE STAY OFF TWITTER WITH FAKE NEWS! SAD
Democrats and the Alt-left now rule America indirectly via the judiciary, while conservatives sleep.
Another falsehood. Not accurately stated.
How did this ass clown ever get elected! This is on you #Democrats @DWStweets
it seam this is something you know about. Terrible knowledge
But they hardly ever were unanimous as in the case of your Muslim travel band !!!
I think terrible is ur most used word. Terrible will be my most used word until youre out of our WH. Just hope your damage isn't permanent
Now we call it rational thought in the time of Trump oligarchy!
unless of course you do it for your own benefit, then it's the greatest, bestest system.
You are a despot who should resign from office before you're impeached and jailed.
You are such a baby.
Break it up
Just like the very out dated electoral college that put you in office when the populous VOTE by 3 mil would have put a more qual person in
Every time you say 80%, I want to find your old math teacher and scold them soundly.  You clearly didn't learn a thing.
Your "record of being overturned" stat is really BS. Look at other circuits and you will see that the 9th Cir is right in the middle.

You are not a dictator and when you try to be you will continue to be shot down. Will you even take case to SC? Never did last time!
Or but some conservatives on it. I think you have the power to set the number of judges that are on the court.
You have a terrible record. You can't hold a candle to Prez Obama or should-be Prez Hillary Rodham Clinton bec you R a Putin puppet
Actually they used to (and still) call it filing suit where you reside. Check out Federal Rules of Civil Procedure
it is our system Donald. If you don't like it leave
The people want the border closed, & law breakers arrested. Judges are NOT speaking for us.
.19% of of over 6300 cases hear by the 9th circuit went before SCOTUS last year. 3x the amount of cases heard then the 11 other circuits.
Now isn't that the Kettle Mr. PRESIDENT  #FIRST100 #Messy
Messy president. You're a liar cheat and sexual deviant. All that money and you have the reading/vocab skills of a 5th grader. #failure
So true
Face it, you are incompetent, Trump. You have no clue what you are doing.
Can we overturn you???
No ur just messy. No brains, no love life. No one likes or respects you. Well Ivanka seems to like that u have the hots 4 her. U just suck.
Well your record of overturning your Muslim ban is 100%. Haha!
Maybe you should try reading the constitution?
Another abuse of power by leftists- endless
Stop.fucking.crying
DJT is messy! SAD
Well, stop introducing legislation that is not constitutional...Maybe the 9th would then not overturn.  You are to blame...
Yes sir
Good day sir….
I don't think the republicans have read the constitution. The judges would never get involved unless it's not constitutional.
says the man with the lowest approval rating of all time
Judges are circumventing the actuality of the law and ruling on rhetoric. Laws aren't enforced on rhetoric. Judge is ruling politically.
Ha ha ha ha you can not and will not get anything done and when you finally go to jail the Dems take back Congress you will lose ass
WRONG! Didn't the taxpayers buy you a staff to fact check shit out?
And thank God for the Judicial system to keep your ass in check
Case wasn't heard by the ninth circuit. Think before you speak.
We NEED Justices to "interpret" the LAW, not be POLITICIANS! IDIOTS who "protects" CRIMINALS need to be put in JAIL! POTUS is RIGHT!
Break them up
Please ask the Supreme Court for an expedited review of this case
POTUS doesn't respect our founders care to establish a "balance of power", SAD!!!!
川普，FUCK    YOU！
When did you realize there are 3 branches of Government which you have zero authority over?Yur  a armature Trump a 5 year old could do beter
Is that Common Core math?
You're the messy system not then
Everyone negative on here are being paid to troll you. Block them and Ignore them
two things, sir: 
(1) you don't know your hiney from left field.
(2) there is a weasel on your head.
Your EO's are a joke. Why don't you learn how 2 legitimately pass legislation- better yet, just resign b4 you completely ruin OUR country
AGREED! GTFO please LOL
I will guarantee you that if you do, that Executive Order will be upheld by every court in the country. Written guarantee. Promise.
The only thing messy is you and your so called cabinet. Your executive orders are sickening and go against what this country stands for.
Just dismiss the Judicial branch, entirely. Nothing but Libetards. It's easier to govern without checks and balances. Go Donald go!
Just like Hitler. Yea, that's the ticket. Eliminate the 3rd branch of government, get rid of the Constitution.  Herr Trump. Sieg Heil.  NOT!
You just have no idea what you're talking about.
And yet they managed to defeat you. How does it feel to be one of the 20% success stories?
Overturn rate is a very small number of the total decisions made by any appeals court.
Shut them down
When the Donald tweets out come the twits within seconds to see who can be first!  Twit race! BTW Too bad your candidate lost the election.
Who lost
Why worry so much if they are overturned 80% of the time?
Who in the 9th circuit and Congress aware of budget for NLW effects to humans and NLW treaty, trace stocks in Raytheon, Sierra Nevada
If ur executive orders weren't unconstitutional they'd pass. Sadly u don't know what you're doing, and u seem hell bent on never learning.
I for one, am looking forward to see it OVERTURNED!!!  On with the DEPORTATIONS!!
Time to get rid of it.
Guess its not "used to" any more! @realDonaldTrump
Can't wait until you can appoint another conservative Justice to the Supreme Ct.  Greatly needed!
Thats fact the stupid DEMOCRATS AND LIBERALS AND CRIMINAL MEDIA.
Way to show respect to another separate but equal branch of Government you don't understand.
9th is appeals Ct that gets it now.
Time to get rid of what you can't change then #notmypresident #iamcanadian
You're wrong, Donnie. Always. And unrepentantly.
Yes and we the people get held by law while corrupt politicians get away #murder.
you have now the power to fix 9th Circuit court.
If as a Judge you have been overturned this much you should be removed! Why can't the SCOTUS Judges do that to bad Judges?
You need to fire your lawyers and hire some good ones.  #TrumpedAgain
That statistic is BS & you know it.
Drain the swamp PRES Trump
This judge is going against the will of the ppl. The left is similar to dictators now. They're going to do it their way even if it's illegal
False statistic that has been debunked before after the last time some Republican spouted it.
