Talk about a witch hunt - why should she - your buddies are just trying to use her as a distraction from the really issue. You and Russia!
Yo, Trumpster, why do you hate people so much? Someone a lil insecure?
President Obama President Obama President Obama President Obama President Obama
Everyone should call and complain 1-202-514-2000 and why is Huma off the hook?
Just go ahead & lock her up...she will start spewing the truth to get out of jail
HOW LONG WILL THESE CRIMINALS WALK FREE ?
The House is trying to pass Trumpcare today and you still don't know what's in it. Your incompetence strikes again!
I wonder how america voted when everyone think he is incompetent..
You cannot Refuse!! Arrest her!!
No man can serve two masters,As Susan Rice sows,so,Susan Rice reaps,it's normal happening in everybody's political life,
If I were you, I'd stay out of this one Donald. It's  gonna come back to bite you #TrumpRussia #unpresidential
This is very unpresidential of you Donald (however, that can be applied to every single one of your tweets & not just this one)
#ShutYourLiberalPieHole
 time to stop all your complaining and man up dude
I don't even care what the next tweet says because you are a crook, don.
If you don't care, stop listening. And stop bashing our great president.
you seem upset.
You seem to be mentally challenged.
Take the bullet for #44 or point finger. Tough choice for #SusanRice
She won't 
Cuz missing balls
:)
Drain the Swamp! #maga 
Trump asked Putin for help with Hillary, Putin gives weapons to terrorists who kill our troops,what does that make Trump?
You need to be called to testify so you can do your usual lying (but under oath) and we can fast-track your prosecution.
Pot meet kettle 
Are your handlers tending to your Depends??
Rice has something to hide, obviously
#lockherup
What is she hiding???
Donald Trump the current President bought his way out of going to Prison from Trump University and other scams.
We should also refuse to allow the building of a divisive wall that will threaten endangered species #scijack
She'll testify as soon as you turn over your tax returns.
didn’t you refuse to give documents just a few weeks ago? Come now, #EasyD. Let’s be on with it.
With so much stupidity... how can I so quickly forget the #easyD classic
Subpoena her
Stand with our president @realDonaldTrump #PrayForTrump #GodBlessAmerica
I know!  Step up and show her how it's done.  You testify first.
Who gives a fuck? Your campaign is the subject of an FBI counter-intelligence investigation for their work with Russia to get you elected.
Which was based on a fraudulent dossier, get a grip liberal
Actually it's not just the dossier, comey openly admitted that...
You refuse to cooperate with .#RussiaGate investigations & made a known foreign agent NSC head. 
What are you hiding?  It will all come out.
I think more of the world knows it than his moronic American supporters
Especially considering most of the West is better educated than his remaining moronic USA base.
if you dont like the u.s.a stay out.... We dont mind at all
Lolol if we all left your utopian Christiania would fail within weeks.
Joe: The people who are going to be hurt the most by the GOP health care bill are President Trump’s own voters: http://on.msnbc.com/2qwaX1s  
I'm kind of glad his supporters will be harmed, just said that everyone else will be too.
And you're refusing to release your taxes...
Always a good girl for you David. I hope you’ve been eating your vegetables.
That's stupid but very trumpian She has done everything legally, unlike the gop which is breaking laws constantly So yeah lock her up, dopes
Legally? Really? You have inside information that Congress Obviously doesn't so have called her in for questioning?! #liberallogic
Only the republicans tried to call her in. The dems refused and confirmed she was correct to refuse.
Correct.  Why go in to speak to a bi-partisan committee when your party tells you it isn't necessary?
If transparency is something you value, why doesn't trump release his taxes? Because you only care when it benefits one side.
Under the proposed #TrumpCare bill, does “anxiety for being under an FBI investigation” count as a pre-existing condition?  
#voteNO
Under the proposed #TrumpCare bill, does “liar, liar, pants on fire” syndrome count as a pre-existing condition?   
#voteNO
Under the proposed #TrumpCare bill, does “extreme narcissism” count as a pre-existing condition?    
#voteNO
Trump is beautiful.  He does things that belp people instead of wasting time tweeting nonsense....Like you paid trolls!!
So many paid stooges mocking every bit of TRUTH we get from our President.  We love you Mr President.
You must understand the desire not to answer questions, Donald. You refused to answer a question from Dickerson on a topic YOUR RAISED. SAD!
Don't think your administration gets to take the high ground on this one, Donald...
But fascists always have a strong whiff of self-righteousness about themselves and what they're doing.
'Eau de hypocrisy: pour Homme'
*Eau d'hypocrisy 
You are president order her.  Of course she is just a ponzy follower.
I pray all who were criminal in the Obama administration go to jail
and way of life", yet look what he is doing himself!! Where is there any conscience in these liberals??? He personally
What a surprise! One bad move after another by one of the worst administrations in US history.  When did the American dream fall apart??????
The Dems refuse or take the 5th. The Republicans roll over and mine as well be dead.
Carter Page rejects Senate request for list of Russian contacts- not good
Lol: Russian - like @FoxNews - does not PAY blacks to #HACK elections nor act as #ForeignAgents so it's NOT about her but U
then throw her in prison, she doesn't have a choice.
Don't listen to the liberals Donald.  Smart and savvy people are on your side!
We are not distracted by this BS that you put out.
did obama have one single good person in his administration?  he literally surrounded himself with the most corrupt people he could
Susan Rice lies lies lies.  She lied about Benghazi she also involved in lie about Libya demise,  helped and supported creating ISIS
She shouldn't be allowed to refuse. Who is she? If an average person refused to testify, the book would be thrown at them.  Who's in charge?
Huma Abedin is a higher flight risk. I hope both Susan Rice and Huma Abedin on the no-fly list?
Send her but to jail
Don't celebrate too quick dummy!!
U just spending more money on investigations instead of the people don't bet on being president next term. Just spend 20mil. Invest hillary
C'mon cholesterol!
I'll bet she'll testify if you agree to release your taxes. Fair trade?
Can she be compelled to testify?  Can she be charged with contemp?  Is she really going to get away with this violation of the law?
IMPEACH IMPEACH IMPEACH
Trying to turn attention awayi from your  collusion with the Russian?
She is nothing but a criminal and traitor.  She should not be allowed to plead the 5th.  Accountability needs resurrecting throughout govt.
@ChristiChat lock her up lock her up lock her up lock her up lock her up lock her up
Deceitful lady !!!
Arrest her slimy butt
She is guilty and hiding the truth!
Vengeance is of the LORD's 

She's pulling a Trump.
Spoken like a guilty man... looking for straws at which to clutch
Fire Comey! Have his replacement investigate Susan Rice.
I like you Donald you ain't got a filter like me tell him how it is show the world what we're dealing with put it all over Twitter
She's a liar  that's why.
Ha, loser #FakePOTUS #LoserPotus
Sally Yates will be there though, buddy!
Subpoena her, for crying out loud!!!
Tell the truth Trump. She did agree, until she found out it was a ploy to shift blame. Her testimony will not be relevant to the GOP sham.
Jail  Mrs. Sussie Dirty Rice !
Wow so what's up with your advisor Carter Page PhD?  How about Flynn?  #TRUMPRUSSIA
Lock her up!
are you going to testify about the Russia connection with your inner circle?
Did you expect anything else she makes you & AG look stupid obamas deputies get away with this crap 100 % every time
really policy or safety that Palosi, Elizabeth Warren and the unmoving left are fighting for?? Or is it control!! Power
I like a rice:).
I ate a sushi today,and love it...(A sushi is made of rice,that means...)

Arrest her
Don't  worry about her. You are going to need a criminal attorney for your treason trial.
The trump administration is trying to block testimony from Sally Yates.
...and you refuse to reveal your taxes and cheat  forms...
Why won't U Testify about your Dereliction of Duty in Not Vetting Flynn Properly & Your connection 2 Russia? Just asking if true?
We all know she is guilty
That's texas for real folks who pay them
Taxs
Are you sitting around just pouting?
stated, the day after the election, that "it is because everywhere you go, fox news was on every TV and that is wrong"
I didn't know she could do that.
She better. Sick of the stonewalling.
Lock her up lock her up lock her up
Carter Paige is refusing to cooperate with intel committee. Bad dude, this is very bad. All these sick people covering up @realDonaldTrump
by the media and that the far left has done an expert job in buying, controling and overtaking the media outlets and we
Please let us stop!!! I'm a disabled, sick, single parent of two young children!! I want to see all children progress in
She needs to be arrested for her crimes against America
She is the antithesis (look it up) of you; well spoken, intelligent and caring.
shut up sir
Well, people...everyone is saying she's been exonerated of your false accusations. Nothing to see there
Only one reason I know that she would refuse!!
The WH is resisting the investigation of the Russian interference in the election! Would you testify is they call you?
Do you use this account all the time because even you can't believe you're actually the president? You could resign and end the confusion.
since that event, it has been a media war against the entire Trump Presidency and sadly, the current media body had
values and MAJORITY AMERICAN AGENDA and stop this nonsense!!!
She'll testify when you release your taxes!
wouldn't it be nice to supena her as a hostile witness.
drain the swamp Mr. President! We the people got your 6!
Have Jeff Sessions force Susan Rice  to testify.  The domino affect will get rid of all the Benghazi criminals.
she's an Obama regime crony who is willing to take one for the team in protecting Barrack O.; investigate her!
This tweet holds up now! Hope you’re ready to call him out if he doesn’t testify. Oh but I bet you won’t.
As well she should. YOU are the one under formal investigation - not Ms Rice.
Where are your taxes .....lead by example man grow up..... joke
Subpoena her sorry buttocks!
What about Carter Page? Tweet about him and his ties
For the same reasons the White House refused to provide info on Flynn.
but, still, common sense would dictate that silence is the best policy.  You may ask someone what common sense is, perhaps @SenWarren.
She outsmarted you
Why don't YOU testify, @realDonaldTrump ?  I'd love to hear what YOU have to say under oath!
Subpoena her. She's a criminal just like Hillary
Whoever said "crime doesn't pay" never met the Clintons. No wonder more R following their lead. Great role models  for our children!
Go figure
Serve herShe will have no choice but to testifyMuch Love Mr. President to you and the First Lady
Subpoena
She needs to be tried.
Subpoena her.  Let her perjure herself to protect her former boss...
How is it possible that you sound crazier and crazier by the minute?
Her guilt is written all over her face.
Unbelievable! She & Comy thinks they are a laws unti themselves. Must Senate & Congress bow to their obstructism?
entertainers with real agendas, talk show hosts with sick and mean grudges that are freely expressed, forced and used
Why should she?
And you are refusing to release your tax returns to the American people!
Art of the deal.....?

LOCK EVERY SINGLE ONE
OF THESE CRIMINALS UP
FOR  THE LOVE OF THE 
AMERICAN PEOPLE 

CONSEQUENCES
#TRAITOR #KILLER #TRAITOR #KILLER #TRAITOR #KILLER #TRAITOR #KILLER #TRAITOR #KILLER #TRAITOR #KILLER #TRAITOR #KILLER #TRAITOR #KILLER
Probably a YouTube videos fault
Subpoena her then she had no choice !!
Rice needs to be charged and arrested.
Subpoena her!
running scared chump? lol tick tock!
America so racist that they would rather kick babies with cancer off healthcare all because it came from the black guy
snuck in the four victims of the Clinton's, showed everyone, what had to be done just to get a fair hearing!!
Who cares if he did that or not you didn't come close to the Watergate scandal or how the political government
You will never learn to keep your mouth shut. Omce your indicted I'm sure you will learn fast all about the 5th amendment.
Wouldn't it be nice if we could all choose to not testify? Two standards. Its gotta go.
She's hiding something.
I support her decision! No distractions!
Like you refuse to show us your tax returns?
#predatorinchief
She should be locked up.
Like you refuse to show tour taxes?
BO adm learned from CROOK COUNTY/MADIGANISTAN, ran WH w Heinous Hillary corrupted all 3 branches RICE cannot tell a truth, INVESTIGATE
