Fuck you, Cheeto.
Cuz he's orange and unhealthy.
In this case it's okay since it's all makeup and spray tan.
Nah.
Another embarrassment!
You are REALLY BAD at this!
Weekly Address- http://45.wh.gov/yaWaiv  ...
T
A
X
R
E
T
U
R
N
S
Please tweet the names of the individuals in congress who stand to gain financially , with dollar amounts on repel n replacing obamacare
!
#FUW you listen to F.U.W by Jussie Smollett...
Guys do ur research and stop reacting to the news. They r all bias
??
3 wars in one week?  When you reinstate the draft please start with the 60million who voted for you !
And don't forget your spawn, Beavis and butthead.
Apparently you are. Fool
HES YOUR PRESIDENT
Not my president and never will be. Impeachment will be coming soon. He's one of the biggest liars in the WH
He doesn't care about people. He lies like I've never seen. He blatantly lies and his supporters don't give a fuck. They are blind sheep.
Either they don't give a fuck or are just to stupid to realize what he is really all about
or you're just made that Clinton lost the election.
Not a Clinton fan,but Trump is not the right person to be in the WH. He divides this country instead of uniting us. UNITED states of America
He killed 36 out of at least 25000 and spent millions to do it. Not a very smart strategic way of using our money to keep us safe.
@POTUS is training ON THE JOB, takes weekly vacations on OUR DIME, & HE profits from the vacation we pay for!#ScamArtist #Sad @MSNBC @maddow
He works from 5:30 am until 11pm every day! 

He has achieved more than any other president in his 1st few weeks of office.
reading comments like this and idk whether to laugh or cry.
World War 3 right around the corner. Just keep pissing off Russia and North Korea.
Maga

Have fun with this one 
It's either bitch about Trump or apologize-and they're not nice enough to apologize

In honor of @greatopinionman
Weekly Address ? More like Weekly Regress.
Before or after golfing and chocolate cake?
Cannot wait
You are a loose canon. Noone wants to listen to your verbal crap. Stay on the golf course, that way the world stays a safer place!
war looming inflation already out of control with spending socialized healthcare may be the straw that breaks the camel back #miltonfriedman
DJT -
Its time to take care of this @POTUS

#realdonaldtrump
#womanfortrump
#draintheswamp
#donaldtrump
#trumpsarmy
#trumptrain
#trump
#maga
Only in a Country that enjoys The Rule of Law. It's no longer in America Politicians are NOT held accountable
They may prosecute Lerner...
..things are CHANGING !
Under @POTUS
She should have been prosecuted 4 years ago!
I think they will get her now...
Don't forget, they destroyed all the files
Several may go down for that...
Funny!!
why doesn't this idiot get kicked off for using vulgar language. What a dud
Click link to see video
Trump's Weekly Address:  I am the greatest (boob), a tremendous boob. Huge!
Want to march with me in the #TaxMarch tomorrow? We're demanding that the President keep his damn promise to release his tax returns
At this point, WHAT DIFFERENCE DOES IT MAKE!
If it made no difference he would have done it by now.
I wouldn't release mine& I have nothing to hide, it's nobody's business. Trump would release them if required. Maybe he's toying with dems
aló presidente

It is only visible for Facebook members :-(  I can't watch it.

#Trump #WeeklyAddress
Who GAF?
It's a bot. Probably Russian made at that 
Do all the people who didn't vote Trump hate Russians?
You Libtards say "Russians" you never say "Putin"

Your hypocrisy is clear-You're worse than what you say you're against
I don't think Putin is a programmer and knows how to make a Twitter Bot hence "Russians". How is that remotely hypocritical?

There is no legal reason why he needs to release his tax information.
لعبة الغولف هي لعبة مملة وغبية. تضييع الوقت و تضييع اموال دافع الضرائب الامريكي.
I don't care where he's making decisions, as long as he's making them! After eight years of inaction from Obama, glad we finally have a doer
Were you from? The Appalachia?
Amusing how you revel in your ignorance as if it’s something to be proud of. Go learn a language! @Deborah34342270 @ColeKazmarski
Don't u have a terror cel meeting tonite?
I supported you! Not anymore ,only 3 months & you've sold us all out . Betrayed those who put you there & destroyed thier trust in you. sad
Thanks alot for your monumental lack of foresight.
I'm in England . I had for sight into both candidates.  Neither worthy of my vote .I'm not a US citizen.  he should not have bombed Syria .
Also he only made more holes in Syria. Strictly political theatre. Everyone HERE knows that .
Yep ... 4 children died in that raid 
EMPATHY maybe a word you should look up.
Not thankyou.
How's the pussy grabbin' been lately?
I still can't believe the current President of the United States said this lol
And?
Your boy obama played as much golf but hardly put in the hours of being president. Awkward....
Try researching the facts before making fictitious statments!
Some people allergic to facts!
Talk about awkward! 
I know snowflake. The facts hurt doesn't it.
wow you're moving every week??? How much is that costing the American taxpayer???

 This made me throw up in my mouth a little bit...
Donnie ALWAYS makes me throw up in my mouth… 

@BunnehUsagichan @kinz8730 @realDonaldTrump
I'm always torn between anger and sick when i see the two of them together. 

#PresidentKushner
Why not both, I say 
You have taken 567% more vacations than the last 3 presidents COMBINED this early on… #winning?
You blocked me this morning then unblocked less than 30 mins later. I see you're really focusing on the important issues today…
If you really want to solve the problem in Syria/N Korea, don’t drop bombs, drop Pepsi.

$1 vs $16,000,000
Any comment on the massive dip in March job growth? Only 98k jobs vs 180k expected. SAD!
Hey Trump voters, you aware that Democratic states actually subsidize federal welfare spending in Republican states?
Also, isn't it funny that the people wanting to cut "wasteful" gov't spending are OK without even questioning Trump's weekly 4-day vacations
& the ppl who become triggered when you even question Trump's excessive spending/corruption whined about a birth certificate for years lol
What's sad is that the entirety of your "support" consists of approx:
90% mentions of Hillary, Obama, Dems
10% lies (AKA: #AlternativeFacts)
Looney. Tunes.
Created by liberals with nothing better to do
Sorry Nate, Billie says the same things as you...but she's just a whole lot NICER than you are
Don't forget to give a SHOUT OUT to the millions of Americans taking to the streets for tomorrow's #TaxMarch!  Release your taxes bro!
there is absolutely no proof of any of them being white supermscists, libs blabbering nonsense. 
You people call everyone who disagrees with you a Nazi. Provide evidence of such claims. Anyone can say anything, doesn't make it true
Ok Carrot Juice, how is le pen a Nazi?
So @Macys couldn't sell your daughter @IvankaTrump's made-in-#China crap even on close-out, so it ended up in my friend's shoe graveyard 
Garage sale material for the trumpster shoppers 
yeah garage sale at Saks 5th Ave Libtard
Release your tax returns.
Tell us what connections you have to Russia. 
Make WH visitor logs pubic again.
because that will stop terrorism... Focus!
Nice of you to post this in-between rounds of golf.
BTW, North Korea is devolving into chaos.
Just so you know.
What was your campaign slogan again?
Make...something...something....again....
What's your comprehensive plan to deal with Assad in Syria?
Oh.
There isn't one?
Right.
#TheResistance
I heard your nickname on the golf course is "Pele",
because you kick the ball around so much.
In case anyone wonders how much your excursions to Florida cost the American taxpayers, there's a site for that! https://istrumpatmaralago.org 
and the delicious chocolate cake hasn't been delivered by meals on wheels.
It's so beautiful. The most beautiful cake you've ever seen, then we launched missiles. Did I mention the cake? Gorgeous.
...and those missiles blew the doors off of ISIS in Iraq.
What?
We bombed Syria?
Shit.
Dear @POTUS
Sissy

STHUL
Who knew trolls #triggered so easily?
lol

Stop trolling me, you troll-troller.
Have you got the link to the actual address please? It was wonderful and I'd like to RT it. #Easter #WeeklyAddress


Yep, dancing the "I am the stupid dance"
SHOW US YOUR TAXES
Trump the chump
More lies.
Everyone still hates you.
Or maybe everyone prefers to play rationally towards a true Win-Win.Respecting our unique identities, each other's needsWhat a concept!
Call it what it is. Weekly bullshit and rhetoric
You blocked me this morning then unblocked less than 30 mins later. I see you're really focusing on the important issues
No one cares what you think
Weekly address?

Mar-A-Largo Golf Course

#bbcnews #Russiagate #EmolumentsClause #putinspuppet
region and regrow by educating reality into their minds rebuild that entire region 100 milluon people can change that territory of land
quit wasting our $ on your weekends in FL and show us your taxes.
#firekushner
Release your tax returns!!  Release your tax returns!!  I want to see your tax returns!!
The cat...

@@; Hello, is precedent bannon there ?
From the Reich Ministry of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda, coming up child agencies: Reichskulturkammer; Reichsfilmkammer
So many haters.

lies and more lies. The Generals are not yours they work for us to keep us safe Make America safe again Pres. Obama please
The sign of a great leader, we he can bring peace prosperity and hope to his people, you will, you can, you must.  If u need my help ask
Release your tax returns
Sorry, but if you think the NATO is not obsolet with the Turkey in it, you are stupid !
I AM PRAYING FOR YOU AND YOUR FAMILY FOR PROTECTION AND DISCERNMENT FROM JESUS, HAPPY EASTER♡
Probably fake news...
via @taxmarch 
On the left: Our taxpayer dollars at work
On the right: This is what democracy looks like! 
#TaxMarch
genetically engineered humans by splicing through cells 62 of them and redirecting the genetic make-up and appearances. 
These were the
But don't worry... we are missing @crehage, but we still laughing  at your weird/crazy tweets!
Didn't listen since you are #NotMyPresident!
You can barely read...it's mortifying!
Donny, it's April 15th. Do you know where your taxes are? There's only one word to describe tax-evading unwitting Russian agent. #TRAITOR
where is the #travelban??? gorsuch is on the SCOTUS so why are you not appealing? you said it was about national security!
It is hard to believe that a HUMAN BEING said those things in public, at a rally.  Disgusting behavior does warrant a lawsuit!!
I'll try to listen to the archive later when I have time. Did you release your #TaxReturns and come clean on #TrumpRussia scandal?
Culture for thousands of years. These alien beings have no soul but have the ability to control your mind and make humans do and say what
The address is blocked can't see it
You forgot to demand that we Enjoy! Your boyfriend Pootee would never make a screw up like that. #sad #failing #bottom
A president should be a beacon of hope for the world. You are a failure. Please resign.
fake news and full of lies
Nope!
Here's a good question posed by Dennis Michael Lynch: “When will you cut off the jobs magnet to illegal aliens?” If no "dough", they'll go.
Stop wasting our money!!!
IMPEACH bannon/trump NOW
$32,535 that Trump’s business tried to avoid paying.The court ordered them to pay legal fees. Total due The Paint Shop $315,484.87.
Always trying to rip off someone. Now it's the American People in general who have to put up with your insufferable personality!
Show ur taxes Show ur taxes Show ur taxes Show ur taxes Show ur taxes Show ur taxes Show ur taxes Show ur taxes Show ur taxes Show ur taxes
When u open ur mouth all I hear is lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie
North Korea is got the latest weapons they are ready to go you need to take them out as quick as possible
Cool
Thank you for your strong leadership Mr. President, we are proud of and praying for you. God Bless you and your family.
Make Trump great again

RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS
やっため
Are you happy now?Look what you're doing to our country! 8 yrs in peace & now, it's a mess! https://itsgoingdown.org/igd-berkeley-blackbloc-defends-berkeley-trump-supporters-give-nazi-salutes/ …

Show your taxes ; we are asked to pay ours and we expect u to come clean; question is when?
YOU BETTER NOT START A WAR!!
Am starting to like u triumph ( Bannon)
Weekly address: WH, Mar-A-Lago, #Russia
N Korea said to America ready for nuclear attack.. that's news is published in todays newspapers
More like "Weakly Address"...
傻逼
Thank you
Fake
The beginning of the end??
Chicken Don, release your taxes!
N
you have to listen to bannon he's on your ide loyalty  kushner and ivanka are liberals hey will surround you with all the
wrong people trust bannon he's a great strategist and is looking out for you loyalty.
Where are your taxes?
I am behind you, keep up the great work. The left what can you say, they just know enough to be......you fill it in

YUK...
...of the planet ?
I was going 2 say good Easter Sunday but it's not when U wake up & there is no food N the house, a man who is sicker.....
Why did you back off beating Korea? Imagine an Arab country and bomb it
什么时候打朝鲜，别光说不练
100 days of failures 100 days of hipocritical policies and retoric next 100 days jail time for all of them for collusion wit russianstreason
O N E  H U N D R E D people died in the last Syria attack. The man who was worried about small babies is not touched at all. Out golfing
is a publicly proven pathological liar who is a dark stain on our Democracy. @Potus has no credibility & behaves like a common two bit thug!
OY

Hilarious 
If you bomb someone else, and take lives that you don't think can fit your mold, than you must be impeached



Vomit!  Show your taxes liar
I don't want to hear your voice while you destroy America. Jackhole ignorant

ASKING YOU to PLEASE have mercy on USA FAMILIES with KIDS ( Medicaid ) ...alot are suddenly getting bills 4 "2015 & 2016""
Hey Donnie there R demonstrations all over the country of Americans who want to see your tax Returns. #ShowUsYourTaxReturns or #gtfo #resign
