Fake President is working even harder...
You fired comey so he wouldn't be able to continue his russian investigations into u and ur people, thats the facts and #FactsMatter sweetie
You only won by 77,000 votes in 3 keystates, fact is if russia didn't get involved with or without ur collusion then hillary would have won
Another fact, it was the 12th smallest tainted win in american political history in which you lost the popular vote by 3 million , ugh!
#LoserTrump
Looks like spicer's new home is behind WH bushes, you might need to take over the press briefings hon, ur better at lying than spicer anyway
Can i get an "AMEN!"
Vladimir looked happy with his mrs putin's handling of the comey sacking, which of-course he insists he nor russia anything to do with 
The're still butt-hurt about giving sick HIllary a 98% chance of winning and then being utterly embarrassed....
This is why the media will try to sabotage Trump at EVERY single turn - simply to say "I told you so"...
Even at the expense of their own country. It's like killing the pilot when you are on the plane...
They would rather see America totally fail than see themselves be proven wrong.
This is why the media truly is the enemy of the American people.

They want America to fail.

They are truly the enemy.
So, I guess you're back on the train again.
I guess Trump wasn't "Putin's puppet" after all, he was just another deep state/Neo-Con puppet.

I'm officially OFF the Trump train.
Never "off" the Train.  Unlike Brainless Left, we express our disappointments at Political decisions even if they're made by our #MAGA POTUS
brainless left, huh? how can you still support this con-man of a president after he's faulted on so many of his promises to you?
Wait. Didn't you just admit that your administration is incompetent & spewing lies left & right? https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/863000553265270786 …
Just bc they report your lies, that doesn't make them "fake"… that makes YOU fake. Don't blame the messenger!
& yes, the media IS working overtime this entire week. Your administration is crumbling & many people are tuning in for your downfall.
They're working way more than u are. Ur so pathetic, you bragged yesterday about having TWO meetings all in ONE day https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/862788002594127873 …
Remember when Nixon, Hitler, & Kim Jong-Un all declared the press the enemy of the people? Trying to fit in w the crew??
Oh, & remember when you said the entire Flynn story was fake as well? & we now know you knowingly lied?
Remember when you peddled "FAKE" conspiracies about Obama? Or when you defrauded the poor w a "FAKE" university?
…or when u lied abt making a deal w China beef trade when, in reality, Obama did it? U hate being held accountable!
The FAKE President is tweeting overtime today!
The media needs to work overtime because this is the largest attack on American democracy ever!
Who are you going to fire next?  The entire justice system?
you are now in full panic mode and it's hilarious to watch!

The fake President is tweeting overtime


#SenateIntelligence is working overtime today! They should be #FIRED! 
And the #MSM -- fire them before they do bad things to me like they did to #Nixon!" #ComeyFiring #TrumpRussia #FlynnFlipped #FBI #RussiaGate
You should try working overtime occasionally.
Hardest working President in history
Oh absolutely. Those Muslims don't ban themselves and telling that many lies is really a full time job. Kudos.
Fuck muslim terrorists. Suggesting The Don wants to ban all muslims is a lie in itself.
In Dec 2015, Trump called for a "total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the U.S." His own words.
Should be a total ban on Muslims and libtards
Take your meds, Richie.
Donald, not everything that disagrees with you is fake news. It's called the 1st Amendment, you should check it out sometime.
Please show respect for the position & call him President Trump. I want to support the LP, but we have to set a better example. Thank you.

nice propaganda campaign
Nailed it, Telltale.
every now and then i feel compelled to get on here and shitpost donald trump. haha
LOL!  Me too.
They are losers and so is the DEMONcRAT party and RINOs, we stand with God, he'll stand with us!
I voted for you just wanted to ask about the 800 million cut  Medicaid? Some people won't have medicine and there's no replacement. Thanks
Never trust a man who paid $25 million for defrauding his biggest fans (Trump U). He lied. Call your representatives to protect medicaid!
Yes you are. Do you plan on stopping soon?  You screwed those that gave u elect college( U LOST THE POPULAR VOTE).
Your MOUTH is working overtime apparently!#traitor #LooseLipsSinkShips or in your case Presidencies! #TrumpLeaks #TrumpLeaks #russia #resist
You call American media fake but let in Russian news.
If that's not the definition of traitor, then I don't know what is.
A real traitor is someone who deleted 33k emails that cost the lives of 4 Americans in a failed state. Oh, and
Hey Einstein, you can have more than ONE traitor. Why can't we call both of them traitors? But you're a cock holster aren't you? 
Because calling him a traitor dishonorable and the statement alone lacks integrity. But you're a bed wetter, aren't you? 
Awww did I hurt your feelings? Or is it blowers cramps? Deflecting from the fact that he is in fact a traitor to make you feel better? 
Yes, @realDonaldTrump supporters are really special snowflakes, aren't they? 
Gorski ...
- so don - looks like u will be outta work - in time for ur pal JEFF EPSTEINS - trial - @realDonaldTrump -  #hope u can deal with this #FAKE
What do you think the Kompromat is Rosie? I can't help but think it is so disgusting, even the GOP can not defend.Some say, rape of a minor.
he has a long history of sexual abuse allegations - gotta be bad @LilDocCollins @realDonaldTrump
I am STILL waiting to find out that his Russian money laundering trail is tied to human traffickers
Joshua 1:9
Have I not commanded you? Be strong and of good courage; do not be afraid, nor be dismayed, for the Lord [1/2]
your God is with you wherever you go.” [2/2]
He has no God.  He's no Christian.
He does have a God $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
Good point
Yes
trump attempts 2 distract 4rm Russia:
MOAB
59 Missiles
N.Korea
Threatening Yates
Changed Twitter banner
#ComeyFiring
TRUMP: I'm INNOCENT I tell you .. 

Me: http://I.dOnT.ThInK.sO ..

 https://twitter.com/itsSpongeMock/status/862718827091677184/photo/1pic.twitter.com/7yhkh7C5iw 
Demonstrators march on a beach in Coronado, California, to protest the firing of FBI Director James Comey
"The Feds have 'Trump tapes' akin to Nixon's 'Watergate tapes'" http://hill.cm/XjdV8qI 
reported Trump/Russia story yesterday. This former FBI agent makes a devastating case against Trump as CIC.
This Senator just steamrolled Trump’s entire intel team
This is so depressing. And embarrassing. 
Fox is your onky allie, and even some of them think you are a kooky liar. Start a tRump channel with Hannity.  24 hour of pure bs

Have to draw attention away from #SethRich, #SethRichMurder, & #SethRichCoverUp to protect their queen and her court.
Ignore the media!  We've quit watching ABC, NBC, CBS, CNN, just Stay the course!

So is the fake president.
Mr Trump you're not doing yourself any favors. This will not end well. I know yur life has been all abt you but this is the closest to...
..reality you will ever come. No matter who u fire or who u place around you, Americans still have a Say in their democracy. You're fired.
I mean, this stuff is crazy!
Lol.
Your the fake news ass clown...go move to Russia....hope you and Putin have a beautiful life...go awsy
The #FakePresident is wasting more time..#FireIvanka #FireSessions #Russiagate #DonaldTrump
The fake prez probably thinks Breitbart is accurate!
The REAL FBI is working overtime today to bring you to justice!
Remember the times when you had a bad week?Now you're down to days. Today is the worst one for you.So far. #TrumpRussia #Impeach #ComeyMemo
At least they are working
AND YOU ARE # THE REASON AND FOR ALL OF IT YOU AND VICE PRESIDENT SO STOP SAYING FAKE NEWS YOU iS FAKE
You see, when facts are reported it's not "fake".
What is fake are the stories out of Russia. They are winning!!
We can forgive you for lying to Congress and to the FBI ... but lying to Lester Holt is simply a bridge too far!  #FridayFeeling
For a guy who claims to be the "jobs President", you sure seem to fire a lot of people lately.  #FridayFeeling
Remember, it's only a rumor that yesterday Mike Pence was caught measuring the windows in the Oval Office for new curtains.
Looking at that pic, I can clearly see why the Scots call Trump a "bollock-chinned spunkbubble." 
OMG I LOVE IT!!!!!!!  
Pence shouldn't get too comfortable... he's deep in this, too. We're most likely looking at a President Hatch.
If you're not insulting people you're chasing unicorns. ZERO evidence. MUCH evidence of dnc collusion with fake media
Another in denial Trumpster....you should be ashamed! Try RNC ...and RUSSIA
The only place you work overtime is on Twitter.
And the golf course..
True. Don't wanna sell Trump's work ethic TOO short.
You give them so much good material Sir.
If youre going to attack @StephenAtHome and @colbertlateshow, Sir, then only fair you go after @TonyAtamanuik & @PresidentShow next!
I enjoy the President's Show, funny stuff.  But all the late nite shows are funny when you continue to give them ammo
Don't forget SNL.  I heard Spicer is coming back on.
. @POTUS ! Malcom X is right ! Non #FakeNews #MSM working on  hate towards U & us 62+ mill w elected U! W r attacked, 1A , no mention!

Yes! #MSM AKA: as #VeryFakeNews are manipulating the minds of American Citizens! We #Trump supporters see beyond their lies! We will expose!
The fake president keeps screwing up because he is soooooooo incompetent.
It's the 400# person in their bedroom. People are learning you feed on the hate and negativity, and cower in the face of truth. #TrumpRussia
Did you not complete the soduko in the NY times Donny lad ? Did it beat you again ???
With no Congressional oversight, media is only thing standing between us an incompetent dictatorship
At least someone's working overtime. How about putting in a solid 40-hour work week?
Yes, Fox News is certainly working overtime to produce lies and propaganda for you -I mean PUTIN. Has anyone looked into Fox's financials?
The fake president isn't working today!
They always will
Except you really did fire three people who were investigating you...
Thank god snl provides comedy relief to your madness
Why is "fake media" capitalized ?
Yes, you are tweeting a lot of fake BS. Get of Twitter you're embarrassing the nation!
if you had been a fair & respectful candidate things would be different. You set the tone on day one. #ReapWhatYouSow
At least they're not working with the Russians... get the hell out of my White House!
And you are selling us to Russia by leaking classified infi. No press present
Obviously you aren't because your weekend vacation is hours away
Prob tweeting from the golf cart on hole 3 by now.


The arm of the left will do any and everything they can to stop you, that is clear! Luckily trust in media is at an all time low!
Oh the hate is so abundant. Looked at some of the media news, so negative. Lefties on here also hateful. Their strategy bombard w neg tweets
And they have bots like their hate tweets too, it's pretty elaborate 
So annoying.
Hater.

Can you bots please stop posting the same picture over and over again?

Fake news got you elected, you mentally unstable carrot.
your administration can't even keep track of your supporters I've never given a dime to the GOP and I got this garbage
Why does a sitting president still need to find raise?? What a joke.
Dammit. Fundraise.
He's been fundraising for 2020 already! It's on his websites too. Some of the funds have been used already for "rent" to Trump Tower.
the media uncovered the fact that you and your surrogates lied doesnt sound very fake to the country who are proud of their work
so whats that make you then?
an observer who knows a lie when he sees one and also knows the the Peter principle operating when he sees it = totally out of depth @potus
i was actually putting it to trump but if he needs ant lessons he could always ask our @Conservatives they are good at lies detect ect
^AS USUAL, YOUR THE ONE THATS FAKE, A NARCISSISTIC CON MAN THAT THINKS HE CAN CONTROL AND DICTATE WHAT IS REAL OR FAKE, WRONG. @FakeDon
ITS COMING CON MAN... AND YOUR NOT GOING TO STOP IT, @RussiaGate
Who is fake media???
You still doing a good job don't worry about it
Fight back, Mr. President. We're with you.
Boss,
The closer AG Sessions and new FBI DIrector Gowdy get to INDICTING Hilry & Bary the more the #fakenews will attack you ! Get ready !
#stopcrying
Mr. President please get tougher! Don't put Joe Lieberman in charge of the FBI. Fire 2 - 3 layers down where you can! Get good people in!!
"TheFakeMedia" is you Donald. Ahhh, the truth is out. But you never work overtime, actually you never WORK, lazy fat bum.
Isn't it interesting how the majority of media all report the same thing? You're the one who's fake! #Loser #Resist #Resign #Impeach #MAGA
#
Imagine if #fakenews worked this hard on a real news story? Say missing 30,000 emails, deaths in Benghazi, fast and furious, Seth Rich, etc.
Your mom is working overtime.
Want to really help the military? Get them a decent dental care plan. United Concordia is horrible. Negotiate with Cigna or Aetna for them!
And your alternative facts..
Good job
#Overturn2PopularVote Fr&SqAns Nullify NewAdmin&EC R Unethical UnPatriotic Unfair&Unacceptable HRC1&UNOIT Validate Nr3MillMor
CNN AIRED 30 MINETS OF POREN ON TV! PRESIEDNT DO SOEMTHING!
"tH3 FaKe MEAd1a iS w0Rk1nG OveRT!Me t0dAayyyY"
Didn't hear you use the phrase, "Radical Islam" once. That's still a real thing or nah??
プライが過小評価と公言。対策として北朝鮮の衛星を破壊することにより打破することが可能。早急に対処されたし！人類滅亡の危機を救ってくれ！
We noticed
Take a look in the mirror....American Cheese!
at least someone in American politics is working overtime ...
Your tweets are fake as your hair.
You are true fake media mafia is going bigger day by day with the huge funds and poltical support.@BBCBreaking @CNN both corrupt mediahouse
That's all they do... Fake Fake Fake!!! That's why I'm here. @realDonaldTrump to get things straight!! 
The Russians are leaking information to the NYT because they fear President Trump " Make American Great Again" #cnn
Well you are tweeting 24/7...
I'm with you! Keep doing what you promised the American people!
... so .. you?
We stand united behind you!
There are millions of us who stand United with President Trump  We don't believe the fake news! And we know who they are!
They have to stay up 'till 4:03 AM for you to tweet your confirmation.
Two hours till he wakes up!
I do declare YOU are the source of all referenced 'fake' news. MAYBE STOP telling your staffers lies 2 repeat AS FACT to your citizens? Hmm?
Please meet ex-CIA Robert David Steele! Reince is blocking his communication with you. He can help drain the deep st. swamp
@2dollardublz
Pres Trump The Fake Media is working overtime everyday! https://youtu.be/N9kgN_pk0F8 
..it works overtime everyday.
tHE faKe MEdiA iS woRkiNG ovERtimE
you are the only fake thing around here, starting with fake orange tan and bleached yellow hair.  1/2 the country hates you
You are the only thing fake in this. #FakePresident
Fake media you just can't handle the truth!!!!
CAN YOU INCARCERATE THESE PEOPLE FOR OBSTRUCTING OUR DEMOCRACY THEY ARE DEMONIC REALLY!
#WeThePeopleAGREE& R BEHIND U SIR%!
Please stop watching Fox News. It's nothing but lies and false propaganda. Theyre screwing you. They are responsible for this mess #FakeFox.
American people have no confidence in MSM.
Resign.
Are you talking about yourself?  Talk about fake!

10-4 Sir ,
Keep up the great work
Someone has to. all you do is play golf, watch tv and play with yourself on twitter. #MaraLago #dumptrump #trumpMustGo #Trumprussia #TRUMP
@WristGawd you tell em Donald!
All roads to ratings go through Trump, including fake roads.
Looks like you are Mr. Thin Orange skin...7 rapid fire tweets...is your blood pressure ok!?
So is our fake president
Senator Blumenthal  is a great faker of Fake news. False claim of military service. His stolen valor makes him a liar. #Draintheswamp
the fake news medias has never stopped 1 min. to detract, criticize, attempting to destroy your office mandate,supported by 96 mills voters
In Canada We Have LIBERAL Government Funded Very Fake News .
It is free if you do not have Cable or internet = thats target marketing
COMMON PURPOSE = Communism .
The Church of Common Purpose .
MK ULTRA 

TEL-LIE-VISION
PROGRAMING
Re enforced in all the media 
thru the feed
This Tweet Made Me Grab a Snack in the Middle of Writing it .
See How You Do ?

The Power of Visual Advertising & Media is very real .
Kick their Carcasses Trump!!!
Media is heart of the country. If media dont works the country will  fall down.even country is becoming ded and you say  media are fake.sad
Wish we could say the same of the #fakepresident!!! #fakenews #ImpeachTrump
You are delusional. Seriously.
And the Real POTUS (People of the United States) are working overtime to Impeach You!  #ImpeachTrump #IndependentInvestigation #Trumprussia
Thank God someone is working.... glad you spend your time tweeting.  Keeps us safer and you making less decisions
ROFL "...but Hillary... hey look over here it's Hillary...did you see Hillary"
You're a dope!
Hey you won? She's not POTUS.
Hillary! Oh look over here, did you see Hillary. 
...but, but Hillary?!
So are your tweets.
Well, not everyone can spend 80% of their time on a golf course.
Like Obama?
No he was referring to Trump. Kind of thought that was obvious based on context but I'm happy to help clarify as needbe.
Clearly you're a leftover Obamabot.
At this point I can't even tell if this is ironic.
I'm getting time and a half.
It's a good thing you don't bother with that. WORKING!!Friday means it's Golf O'Clock!
Every day meant it was Golf O'Clock for ex-President Obama.
No true!
Rate of golfing. He's on par. Get it. On par. (I don't understand golf)
That's because you're tweeting so much my precious snowflake. You tweet, they report.  where are you playing golf this weekend?
Wherever he wants. Twisting snowflake around prove just what a nerd u are!  Can't even be original.
How come you're wearing clothes that make you look like you finger blast relatives?
Relatives, no. Unoriginal, sad little pieces like u....
You find me hot? 
If you mean yourself, I disagree. By the sounds of it you mostly watch tv. And tweet.
What's the best way to piss off a narcissist, Dr. Malkin? Asking for a friend
I wouldn't bother pissing anyone off unless you're OK with hostility in your life. But depends on the type of narcissist.
Noted. What about Trump? What do you suspect bothers him the most?
My analysis: He doesn't like to talk about losing the popular vote.
Also: He sucks at idioms.
So is the fake president. Your tiny little fingers have been very busy this morning.  #trump
Just wondering if it's okay to accept alternate facts from a real estate investor?
Are you in 3rd grade??????!!!   Please, please, please...STOP.

Shouldn't you be working, instead of attacking the free press?
the #FAKEPRESIDENT is working overtime today to cover his lyin’ tracks!!!!!!!
I'm curious how 56,621 people are able to operate a computer well enough to like this post? It boggles my mind :D
Freedom of the press.  Separation of Church and State.  These archaic laws really work.  Prepare for further disappointment.
Donald you can’t call all news that you don’t like “fake.” That’s not what “fake" means. We’ve discussed this.
If, by "fake media" you mean "media covering fake things I & my administration have said", then yes, yes we are working overtime.
Then stop watching it.
You wouldn't know what overtime looked like if you grabbed it by the pussy

Oh go prime a pump!
Trumpsaurus. Fake Media (n) = any news source that could expose inconvenient information and challenges Trump's alternative universe
Fox?
UR TWEET ISNT EVEN POSSIBLE... the day just started and I have no idea how hard we will have worked before our work day is over. #fakeTweet
You might not know this, but the media already works 24 hours a day.
Hard to score overtime from that.
Out-handsomed, too.
And the fake president is over tweeting again!!! Shocker
Also the Real Media. Our @WNYC staff exposed (again) incompetence at the NYC Board of Elections. SAD! http://wnyc.org/story/your-vot … @brigidbergin
If only your crooked ass worked a little overtime. Your day is coming.  You make Nixon look like Mother Theresa. U shame this country u dick
@POTUS @PressSec @DonaldJTrumpJr #DonaldTrump twitter account is working overtime - obviously losing his mind! SAD!
Love you Mr. President, but please stop tweeting! You are giving fodder to the Fake Media.
The only one who is fake would be you Tsar Cheeto.
#fakepresident
Shouldn't you be golfing??? #ResistTrump #resist #ImpeachTrump
Gotta love the lib news channels.  It's like an episode of Jerry Springer. ..
as is the Fake President
YES! FOX FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS WORKING OVERTIME SPEWING LIES FOR #trumpgate BOYCOTT FOX FAKE NEWS TRUMP USES FOR COVER UP-
So is Jon Ossof. Someone from his campaign called me to vote and I'm 14.
Well, you have two posters here that believe you.
Keep up the good fight.
Call FOX and whine to them
Yes, I notice all your tweets. #impeachtrump #traitortrump #presidentivanka #liartrump #russiagate #hannity #hannitysucks #trumpsucks
You are working? I'm shocked! No golf and chocolate cake? #FakePresident
They never stop
stop hiding behind social media. Stand up and speak to the American people about your actions.Answer questions.Stop hiding!
Still no answer as to what determines fake news.
the fake president is St doing anything today
Fake Lying Media is working OT 24/7 Everyday
But our fake president doesn't work...
Very sad that they have too It take alot of hard work to make up delusions and lies
Fake? You mean Faux? They have to work OT cause they keep getting fired! You're next!
Do you seriously have nothing better to do Donald than troll twitter and complain about inconsequential things??
Because the fake president is clearly not so busy, when he spends all his time on twitter!!
Please look into Operation mocking bird! My help explain why the media is so bias. #draintheswamp #MAGA
How many tweets you send in a day bruh... holy shit
Something u should try
sociopath lying incompetent clueless con artists 45 aleast the Media is working, and your workings the golf course!!!!
Right, FOX NEWS just repeats all your lies and all the other FAKE NEWS. If you want the truth, go to MSNBC or CNN. Rachel Maddow is my fav!
The Fake POTUS is working overtime everyday.
THE MEDIA MAKES THIS SHITTE UP AND SPOON FEEDS IT TO THE PUPPET POLITICIANS, THEY LICK THEIR LIPS AND THEN REGURGITATE IT @FoxNews @nytimes
MY AMAZON MY WASHINGTON POST
Let's get back to work.. isn't that what you're here for.. drain the swamp ..expose them all..
@seanhannity ...Expose the All
I could retweet this everyday and it would still be topical and correct
They're working overtime to keep up with their Crappy Reputation and Lies and #fakenews. Shut down WH #PressBriefing and spoil their Fun!
I wish I could say the same about the guy calling himself 'President.' What a joke!
They're always working overtime... Isn't that odd though? Liberals working is something almost unheard of these days.
