Panicking eh Donnie. Starting to hit home your grasp on power is very tenuous. Imagine if you had no majority control of Congress ? 

No control of Congress, no pass legislation, lame duck Potus. Wouldn't that be fitting ?
When you cannot count on your OWN Party to vote with you,who can you count ont....lol
I love his tweet about things are better in his 1st 3 months than in all of Obama's 8 yrs. It doesn't make him appear delusional one bit 

Not too bright Donnie. Keeps saying 'Fake News'. Media is better if you befriend them not adversarial. They'll be there after hes long gone.
Media and Americia got they wanted,    no return policy it seems......what does he have to do that will cause him to be Impeached FFS
Geezus. You're a mess. Luckily, lots of good news on the #TrumpRussia front this weekend. 
Also, @AGSchneiderman is coming for you, donny 
@realDonaldTrump Finally, you fire the bad dogs who have been telling you what to do when it's not you. Don't stop.. Fire all the old guard!
Funny that real politicians are actually playing the real game of politics while you spend MILLIONS playing the real game of golf instead.
The only difference between a 4/16/27 and 4/16/18 tweet of your is that you have double the characters. BAD!
The recent Kansas election (Congress) was a really big media event, until the Republicans won. Now they play the same ga...
You had to have your head shoved up someplace dark to have missed all the coverage! Dems are gaining ground w/ every mistake and lie from u
Missed your Tweets, talk to us more Mr. President!
Who cares?

Will a Democrat win the House seat in the Georgia special election?
Not no but hell no !!!
I think you draw enough press for the Republican party.  Quit griping it makes you look petty.
What makes you tick, sad man?
Cleveland?
Donald, please go do some work. Read a copy of the Economist, or the Constitution.  Melania can help you with the big words.
Get the daughter and son in law out of the WH, you are asking for major trouble!
That would be because a republican winning an unbelievably red-state isn't a big deal.  Are u honestly this stupid?   Sad
Dude. It's Easter. Could you maybe knock it off for just one day? You're like an emo teenager with all your attention-seeking angst.
It's Easter and you've spent four tweets being mean spirited because not all the American people love you? Grow up. You're @POTUS.
You need to investigate Waters, Warren and Pelosi selling their votes and insider trading..where & how did they get so rich on their salary?

Crooked Trump!
I keep my eye on the big picture I'm not overly concerned it seems Petty in the end it means nothing I support you wholeheartedly
Someone else who doesn't recognize incompetence and idiocy.
And you have to come and Proclaim that to me you have nothing better to do with your life you need to take care of yourself first
Why do you go down below?  Rise above the fray.  Election is over.  You're POTUS now.

Will you give it a rest! Did you get a bad piece of chocolate cake for dessert? For gods sake man it's Easter take the weekend off, O U did!
Taxes, Comrade!
Don't you have anything better to do? It's Easter and you've spent the entire day golfing and attacking people on Twitter.
We're literally on the brink of nuclear war, we're engaged in MULTIPLE wars in the Middle East and you're bashing Democrats on Twitter.
Don't you have anything better to do? It's Easter and you've spent the entire day checking on Trump on twitter.
Last time I looked Jordan wasn't the President, so what's your point?
Point is he needs to get a life and leave our president alone.he's smarter than all of us.
Finally I get to talk to a graduate of Trump U  smarter than all of us? You funny funster!
I'm guessing he's alot more successful than you will ever be!
Well I've never been bankrupt, been sued for countless millions, been investigated by the FBI or had millions of people call me a liar.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump The ONLY candidate to WIN #GA6 is @BobGrayGA to help us #MAGA! #GaGOP #GAPOL
Bob is only Candidate 100% aligned w .@POTUS agenda 
Outsider Biz man ready to 
#draintheswamp #gagop
#Ga6 #Ga06 #gapol
Drain the swamp? Sure he drained it and filled it with worse crap.
You're the goddamn President of the USA. Learn how to write in English!
Other elections demonstrate the Democrats are going to have such huge, bigly wins in the next few years, you wouldn't believe it.  The best.
I hear that you called us citizens slobs and that is why you vacation every weekend...to get away from us slobs.
Fire Bannon
Today is RESURRECTION SUNDAY! stop with the crazy! Nobody cares about your politics today! Ever! You are a DEMOCRAT! Tone it down!
Anything to downplay your successes Mr President
Mr. President, you are squared away in my book. I would not mind taking up my rifle again to fight with you as CINC.
So you're just going to stick with petty tweets and ignore the 10 year anniversary of the #VirginiaTech mass shooting. Bad.
Excellent point!

Release your taxes.
Umm... the Georgia congressional election isn't over yet. Are you trying to mislead voters?
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/853771244579282944 …
Are we sure he knows what day it is without someone telling him?
Oh cmon, @POTUS, @TheDemocrats wouldn't even spend $ on the #KS04  race and your guy almost lost.
But you'd lost.
Thanks for wasting tax dollars and doing f*** all at Mar-a-Lago again.
So funny when he doesn't take a salary. How much did Obama spend? Omg, I'm sick of people like you
Obama spent less in 2 years than Trump has in the 3 months he has been in office. #ActualFacts
The Kansas election shouldn't have even been close. The fact that is was is a testament to the massive failure which is your presidency.
It's also very telling that you, the President of the United States, feels the need to get personally involved in these small elections.
Amazing that instead of focusing on improving relations with China & N Korea, you're at Mar-a-Lago posting these disgusting, divisive tweets
Republicans will look back on you as the greatest disaster that their party has ever seen. Even worse than the reputation Nixon left…
Quite the opposite. Mr. Trump will make history, a thing the fucking Democrats have never done.
It's simple stupid...the Russians fixed this election too
The left wing media has lost its integrity and credibility.Every day, people see it more.
All this left snowflakes are baby crying the only thing they know to do is cry complaining I really wish one day can open there Eyes
Fake media super CNN
That Republican won by such a slim margin you shouldn't be pleased.
Idiot
Why is this BAD They covered the election, election is over, time to move on.  Not everyone dwells on the mistakes of the past like you do.
The media is unbelievable & would get us all killed if it was up to them.  Kick their teeth in!
Wrong
Sir I think they put their money in media to set the mind of ppl but failed God bless u
I don't believe that GA democrat is in the lead.. #FakePolls #MSM just like the Prez election
It does not matter the Republican is the only one that can help Georgia climd out of that mess Tha the DEMOCRATS caused to that great state

U R A #BADHOMBRE #FAKEPRES #TRAITOR
Don't  let this happen  ga my home state get out there  and Vote.
Im in Georgia. My hope is for peace & victory for Jon Ossoff. Your blessings are appreciated. Its not about Dem or Rep
YOU-Bad-SAD
Look at you sweatin bullets, Donnie.
Too bad Kansas is already a Red state.. doh
Fake News will proclaim ANY contrived win vs. GOP as referendum vs @potus.
Dems dumped $8M to get just that narrative in Ga.
The real story is how it tightened.
You're right Donald, it's all a huge conspiracy against you and the Republicans, not at all because people disagree with your war mongering.
The fact that the election was that close just goes to show how people are responding to you.
#LyingLiberalMedia
You don't know what you're talking about. You sound like a child.
Reminds me I need to donate to some campaigns again...Thanks Fuhrer.
GOP lost huge ground in KANSAS. That's like snow losing ground in Antarctica. Oh, wait. #climatechangeisreal #gopsdaysarenumbered #2018
Jeez your a dope
The funny thing is how the historically conservative area is so disgusted with Trump they almost went blue.
Generally, people stop covering races once, you know, they're over...
Solve NK with no shots fired it can b done use ur gut
Reported this to Twitter as offensive. He's insulting Democrats.
Wake up Donnie. The country is against you !!!!
Your coattails are clearly toxic. Historically low approval ratings. All while you steal our money and go golfing!
You sir, are a toddler
Trump's the only thing bad. If a politician would only say what they are for, no strategy needed if they are truthful. No under handed lies
I will be there to vote first thing in the morning.  We can't have some wimpy, anti-American kid speak for Georgia.
you have the vocabulary of a  2 year old.
@GaRepublicans People in the6th district get everyone you can to vote for the rep ticket tomorrow!So important!Keep it RED!
The media stopped paying attention to the election after it was over? Consider them as a model, sir.
Stop talking like an uneducated bafoon
LIAR
No
Unlike you, America gets past elections & onto current issues. Clinton won #popularvote. #GetOverIt @GOP sees their future & are scared.
You do know that it was a 24 point shift. Wait, let me put this in a way so you can understand. Repubs usually win by a LOT more in Kansas.
Sooooo GET OVER YOURSELF ALREADY!!!! Start worrying about world affairs!!! Less golf more Presidenting please!!!
You are a joke.
What did you want?A platoon of reporters marching in perfect coordination & singing your praises?ICBMs as surrogates for your shortcomings?
DIDN'T WIN BY MUCH LOOKS GOOD 4 DEMOCRATS IN 2018.NEED TO GET U RICH TURDS OUT NOT 4 THE PEOPLE ONLY RICH WANT TO KEEP US POOR U JERK
#DNC-establishment+their #MSNBC suppress other #Dems-candidates for #JonOssoff in #Georgia-#GA6,just as they did2 #Bernie;Using #Hollywood?!
Release your taxes
We will crush the libtards again don't you worry Mr. President! The #TRUMP's need our help-vote! @IvankaTrump @SteveKBannon @DonaldJTrumpJr
you are all just a group of viscous, lying, propaganda pushing bullies trying to destroy this country. Watch out for the smart people!
So get your people out there and fight back
Your a joke . still don't know how tf u won. The world is laughing at the USA for kicking Such a clown
No.   Bad is a president with no clue on how to be one.   Bad is a man that believes the fairytale life he invented.
oh - is "georgia-bad"
a district there, renamed after you visited ?
well - lucky the spared-out "georgia-good"s
Please stop.  Act like a sane man. Please.
That election proved you are giant weight around the neck of republicans. With your help Dem's will overcome in 2018. Thanks Donny!
SAD.
Stop ur whining Donald Duck

@GOP @SenateDems @PressSec @CNN @AP @FoxNews @FBI @politico DJT: 2 thngs U sld worry abt. 1)Taxes U lied abt releasing & 2) Russia investi.
You are very simple.
I just read this in the news. So I'm guessing that's fake? O, GLORIOUS LEADER, WE ARE SO CONFUSED.
You flip flop artist.  You really need to make up your mind.  Embarrassed to be a republican under your leadership
Republican voters too ignorant to understand what trickle down economics, promoted by GOP gov did to their state.  Dumb as boxes of rocks.
Go Georgia
Your tan is BAD!
I'm proud Of my President Donald Trump! I'm not afraid to say this!
Don't ever be afraid of what you believe in.  In this case, your believing in:  the right MAN for the job. #MAGA
President Trump,  You gave us your word that you would show us your Tax Returns. What is your word worth?
They didn't win by much. #RESISTANCE is FAR from over, Don.
#resistance   case in point: we will never give up. we will never falter. not until your cancerous regime falls and you all go to jail.
Makin' ya go through a lot of Depends are they Cheeto? Buck up. Prison will be boring.
By nowhere near the percentage you yourself predicted.
You should be worrying about North Korea and the rest of the problems you face around the world
It's not a game!  Is it bad that people are concerned and want to participate?
The news is how small the margin of victory was, asshat. BAD!
Uhhh the Kansas election was close.  A dem hadn't gotten that close in 20+ years.  YOU are the reason that the GOP is sweating it out.
Donald be the President and stop the stupidity of writing stupid remarks not Presidential!
Who cares what you think Donnie- we dont want to hear you- we want to hear the FBI/CIA about your Russian ties/prostitutes/traitorous deals
For the love of money you tweet the most   crazy stuff. Are your pants on  yet?
There is no way in hell you have ever written a college paper. NO WAY!
Be Presidential, what is wrong with you?
習近平答應你用經濟制裁朝鮮，中國共產黨只會讓朝鮮更恨美國，中國不進口朝鮮煤，卻故意讓數千萬的大陸人民去朝鮮觀光，促進朝鮮經濟的發展更快，朝鮮的網路駭客侵入各國的銀行強奪巨額資金，造假美鈔買各國軍事設備，你不要被習近平騙了。
Poor baby Trump
Unfortunately it seems to be an international disease.
Trumps presidency: BAD!!!
Zee recent Kunses ilecshun (Cungress) ves a reelly beeg medeea ifent,  unteel zee Repoobleecuns vun. @potus
Noo zeey pley zee seme-a geme-a veet  Geurgeea-BED! Bork Bork Bork! @potus
You're the fcuking president, you act like a 2-bit hobo with shitty pants....man up & think about what you're saying
Well ur dealing with a low mentality level of people
The rest of us call it moving forward. Loser
Why are democratic elections bad?
You're the game player
.@POTUS Comey refuses to investigate the DNC murders Where 4 men who worked 4 the DNC were murdered just before the election Whistle Blowers
Trump needs to show tax return. Hasn't spoken about Putin. Russiangate.
Release your returns grifter.
