@MyBrianLeyh We should be looking into what is being taught in the mosques too.
Yes! There may be some good ones, but the bad ones outweigh them. I wouldn't mind if all mosques were banned in USA until each 1 was vetted.
Hmmm good ones? Have you read the QURAN?
Thank you. That sounded pretty naive, didn't it? LOL. My apologizes. Do-over: "There are no good mosques!" 
  MAGA
Thanks, Proud DAR! I am not perfect by any means! LOL!
25.3 billion a year in California for illegals alone! Dems need those voters. But why in the hell are they voting. No true census in 100 yrs
Great day for America's future Security and Safety, courtesy of the U.S. Supreme Court. I will keep fighting for the Ame...
Great day for America's future when we are assured that we provide security and safety for trans troops. @realDonaldTrump
SAD! @realDonaldTrump Probability of Trump: 0.59
SC threw a bone to the dog so that he's go away and stop bothering them.
Keep up the good work, Paul! #MAGA

Thank you @POTUS @realDonaldTrump keep up the good work. You are fighting the swamp, but we need you. God bless you and your family.
Very good news. Wish you would not endorse TrumpObamacare.
Thank you president Trump@supportourprez
What new position will you give Carter Page for his loyalty, Dickweed?
Wait do u still mean the $700m in savings on planes that were slated to cost that much less months before u took office?
thank you president Trump for protecting America
#Shame on you
Capitol Police dragging a disabled protester away without his wheelchair. 
Keep up the good work Mr. President 
Abolish the 9th Circuit!!! #MAGA



Are her teeth made out of butter?
psst..did they forget to tell ya it wasn't a done deal?
God Bless you 
You're the WORST!!!
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 6 Months, 24 Days, 14 Hours, 28 Minutes, and 43 Seconds
You mean 7 years
What is President Bannon feeding you this time? #IdiotForPotus #Putinspuppet     #DumbAssPotus #Incompetent #Corrupt #Clueless
WELL WE WON'T BE FIGHTING FOR YOU ANY LONGER. #blaxit #BLM
It was more like a draw
The only fight u got going is to keep that hair in place
And when u lose that one ...its bad !
pls just go away
You must be bored janook..... Goodness.  You should go away
Don't you realize you didn't win? The people WE were concerned about get to come here! The ones YOU would want (tourists that golf) don't.


Liar.
Thank The Lord we have a Christian leader in W. H.
The liberals will try and fight the winning. But its off to a bad week already
Says Bane from Batman.
Yes sir
No war
"Keep fighting for the American people"?  Can you do that from federal prison?

Are you looking in a mirror?! Sad!
Believe me, I'm not tired of winning. Apparently they are tired of winning in 2008-2012. I won't be, believe me! Enjoy!
How will you fight for the people from prison?
Jeremiah 1:19
They will fight against you, But they shall not prevail against you. For I am with you,” says the [1/2]
Thank you for continuing to fight for our safety, even through all the obstacles the left tries to put in your way. 

#MAGA
Which of all the American people?
Your banning the wrong countries!!! Btw... Why is Saudi Arabia  not on your so call called travel ban (Muslim Ban)?

http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/07/14/537159288/hawaii-judge-exempts-grandparents-and-other-relatives-from-trump-travel-ban ….  LOSER!!
牛叉
KEEP FIGHTING MR PRESIDENT AND KEEP WINNING FOR AMERICANS! We honor you everyday and give God the glory
Seriously? Lol
You have a nothing burger. Now what?!
You really don't know how the SCOTUS works do you figures.  They just agreed to hear the case you still are losing.
Obviously you don't know the constitution!
Yeah I just agreed to defend and die for something I had no clue about.  Try again.
Trump will lose the case. The Consitution and the Law will win. Always.
"No commitment, you're an embarrassment,
Yes, an embarrassment, a living endorsement." #MADNESS #DUFUS
You sure don't mean whine
You fight for you ego...thats it!
You are for yourself and we know it.
You can win for the country by leaving permanently.
Please
Wrong.
you mean the rich Americans?? Not us who are in the middle or below right?? Because if you was you'd #StopTrumpCare
crazy
By the way you clueless fool, public service is not a sport.  You've done nothing to increase the safety of Americans.
A nation made by and for Constitutional Patriots andcwe struggle to keep it because comfy ppl choose to be lib/conservative instead.
Leviticus 19:10 ..., neither shalt thou gather the fallen fruit of thy vineyard; thou shalt leave them for the poor and for the sojourner
American people will only win once you are out of office! Tired of: lying, winning, insults, division, fleecing of America by cabinet crooks
You can't be fighting for the American people if you're golfing every weekend at Mar-a-Lago
Oppose travel ban.... I'm willing to have a real conversation about it, I just don't want people hating on me. Just a person who loves u
You need to know that pride goes before a fall; you should think before spouting at the mouth.
Idiot
Since when has #PresidentSnowflake fought for anything But His own Pockets? Don't fight for me. I'm American. Keep Fighting for Ur Russia
But Healthcare is so complicated...    Republicans going 0 for 2. Perhaps NOW  you can grow up and work with Dems to fix ACA, just kidding
oh it's great Donny. if these countries did business with U they wouldn't B on your BS travel ban. @realDonaldTrump
You're a loser!!!! #3MILLIONVOTES
Not tired of winning yet!!!
How about fighting for health care?
Right now you're fighting to stay out of federal prison!  Good luck with that
Yeah right.  You continue to vacation luxuriously, while setting in motion the destruction of our environment.
True world saver
Love you President Trump
Also: supreme court votes 6-3 against most of the ban, delaying hearing case for 90+ days.  Which is all you need to figure this out, right?
Explain why you don't ban travel from the countries the Trump company has business ties with, and the 9/11 terrorists came from. Traitor!
Douche
The greatest day for America will be the day you leave office.
America will be safe when the Failing President resigns!
Congratulations Mr President!!!
I am not sure what you have accomplished. Doesn't the screening process cover this?
LOVE THIS MAN,  YES, HE KNOWS WHAT HE IS DOING AND DOING IT GREAT
Good for you and us!!
Greed that's all you know
THEN FIGHT FOR THE HEALTH CARE , WERE GOING TO LOSE OUR HEALTH CARE , POOR PEOPLE NEED MEDICAID , IM ONE OF THEM  i do work for it , explain
Win? You are nothing but a LOSER
You have won nothing; healthcare bill on the shelf for now and forever; loser!!!
YOU never fought for are people or the first nation. Just leave office it will be the best thing you ever do for our country.
Yeah, the ones who are left standing after your Trumpcare takes them and kills them.
Mr. President, you were only wrong about ONE thing since declaring your candidacy. We are NOT tired of winning. Thank you, sir. MAGA
Since you proposed your ban tens of thousands of Americans were killed by guns. That's the real security threat.

Your ban is so far off target. Just like your understanding of domestic terrorism. As CinC you're a bad joke.
sick
It's a 90 day victory.
They didn't hear the case yet.
Get your facts straight.
Oups, I forgot. You know everything.
It's been well over 90 days. Why are "extreme vetting" procedures not in place yet?
you are AWESOME...
you're hilarious, dude.
You mean fighting for the wealthy 1% on the backs of the reat of the American people. That's more accurate, right??
I look like Jesus so they say/But Mr. Jesus is very far away
Now you're the only one here who can tell me if it's true
Thatyouloveme&Iloveme
Donald, your whole being is directed at giving more money to the rich, and doing as little as possible for the less well of.
 MASA!!!

Those lies you all tell about him don't mean a thing! He will keep winning for us! Make America Great again!
We live in a small Midwest town yet there are interesting foreign characters that live here. Why? We are tired of it.
You wanted the 'temporary ban' to figure out "what was going on". What has your administration done in the first 5 mo to do that?  Nothing.
Yeah, like the US public are so tired of you winning all the time. It must be hell to win all the time. Trouble is it is only in your mind
Amendment 22 forAll offices sir. Amendment 28. MAGA. get us some of our money back!
!!! victory in reason and intelligence for the security of a nation. !!!
So I'm a us citizen who serves as a nurse and loves people with all of my heart. What's happening in this country makes me so sad......
We will win ! When we get you out of the WH
Così parla un Presidente! Congratulazioni!
@realDonaldTrump you are so awesome!!
Thank you President Trump for your persistence and dedication to our nation's safety!  We love you ALWAYS
You have done nothing for our security. #Russia is our enemy & you are handing them our country. #treason #Russiagate #resist #Indivisible
Winning!
Prescription for success: Mr.Trump,you should visit the Wizard of Oz. He'll give you a brain, a heart and some courage.
The truth  is that you'll keep fighting to leverage the presidency into as much Trump wealth as possible.
Thank you!! So happy you're in office, otherwise  America would be a third world country in 10-20 years like Europe. 
You're doing an excellent job Mr. Pres. When the undecided people see you're only trying to help the country your approval rating will go up

thank you !!
All the way with DJT. I love America becoming great again!
Do you fight for the American people by trying to humiliate them? #MikaBrzezinski
Bologna
Not seeing it bruh
You will never be the man that Barack Obama is
He is better, and he keeps his promises
You need to take an American History Class
Everyday is a terrible day as long as a fraud illegitimately holds the office of president.
PLEASE HELP US FIGHT THE IRS TOO.....PLEASE. WE ARE BEING VICTIMIZED!!!!
You haven't ever fought for the American people, you only fight for yourself and your wealthy cronies. You don't even fight for your base.

What happened to AMERICA 1st donny? Why do you and ivanka have your clothes made in China? Americans not good enough to make ur clothes?
Winning never gets old because it never happens.
You're not fighting for me, your plotting the best way to make my life hell.
Not a great day. Your antics got the SC attention. In the fall they will find a way to limit Presidential power because of your rhetoric
@GOP needs to get together with u, the  deal maker, & get health care passed ASAP. MAGA
The vast majority of America didn't vote for you and hates you. Win for us by going to prison.
We are with you all the way.  Keep up the fight
Keep on winning!  MAGA!
And where is this winning you speak of?
Another great victory Mr. President unanimous vote in the Supreme Court really vindicated you on that one
Trump is nothing but a lying embarrassment to all of us.  Jail him ASAP!
2 yrs not enough time from application to arrival to waterboard refugees out of wanting to visit US? I'd have thought you'd be quicker.
well u won very little of ban being lifted if u cared like u say u would be worried about % of ban u lost but u feel better thinking u won
Yea clearly we were in such danger that your #muslimban would have expired already and it did nothing.
Thank you President Trump
By giving tax cuts to the wealthy American people
