She will fight for the rich white people! YAH!
She's just another Repub, nothing will change. Didn't change during Obama and it's not changing now. Why?? Republicans
#giveitarest
They will only fight for lower taxes for the SUPER RICH. No HEALTHCARE AND NO JOBS. LIES LIES. ZINKE TO CUT 4000 jobs at Dept of Interior.
And pollution
@seanhannity #robertsrooms #NoOssoff  #NeverOssoff  #NoSoros  #VoteKarenHandel  #GA06  #KarenHandelGA06
That pic reminds me of Loony Tunes.
 #LooneyTunes #LooneyLibs
The big Weiner endorsed Ossoff! https://twitter.com/RonBasler1/status/877174147377373185 …
KAREN HANDEL FOR CONGRESS. She will fight for lower taxes, great healthcare strong security-a hard worker who will never...
Their idiot 8iiiiiiiii888iiiiiiiiii9iii
Wrong yet again, like every day. Ossoff is better qualified.
Seriousfuckingly? You're tweeting about another election that might have been as fixed as yours was?
Mr. Trump, grant to me a green card then I vote to whom you wish!!!)
Ew gross
She will never give up trying to line her pockets with tax payer money. #GA6 #VoteYourOssoff
Mean health care, using your words
Trying so hard to campaign for someone that supports your corrupt policies bad for vast majority of Americans. Worst president in history.
She's on board with the highly secret and deadly health care you're trying to sneak through? VOTE OSSOF. Save your life!
Yes!!!! Thank you for all you do for us POTUS!
The trolls descended. You are like clockwork. Supporters don't care what any of you think.  We just laugh and MAGA
You're not Making Anything Great Again. You're an embarrassment to   .. a True Embarrassment.. just like DT.
The 20.7k ppl following @GingerMcQueen would disagree.....and nobody makes you read her tweets
Meh.. Sometimes ya gotta call out garbage when I read it in the feed..
M- making
A- attorneys
G- get
A- attorneys
O - one 
B - big
A - ass
M - mistake
A - America
One that's being corrected as we tweet!!!
Thanks this endorsement just lost her the election . Good job doofus
This guy needs a one way ticket to Moscow!
Lies, lies, lies  Karen Handel is no better than you. #Ossoff
lower taxes for the elite you muppet? Anonymous healthcare that 28 million will lose coverage on? DEPORT ME NOW #infantpotus
DUMP THE TRUMPS..VOTE DEM
Who else has Trump endorsed? LePen, May, Geert Wilders
This is pointless.

None of your millions of fake, Russian Bot followers can VOTE!

...or is that how you won?
Isn't she the woman who tried to purge voter rolls and marked eligible voters as non-citizens when in fact they were citizens???
Seriously?!?!
trump has no clue who she is. Whoever is tweeting for him is simply spouting cliches along with GOP rhetoric & propaganda.
No she will b one of ur puppets tax break for rich, healthcare that caters to the insurance co , will b paying out the nose for healthcare
Are you supporting her so you can “Grab her by the pussy” later?
Donnie did they sedate you at Camp David or put some remote control device in your hair plug?You know that this is bad form in stepping in?
"great healthcare"

Yale CEO? 
Handel supports TRUMPCARE which takes healthcare away from 27 million people and lowers taxes for billionaires
We oughtta to get rid of the TV utility tax I wonder who's responsible for that one!!
Another one written by someone who isn't among the semi-literate. Complete sentences & correct grammatical construction are dead give-a-way
she is like you. Cares for the wealthy, wants to make the working class suffer. First republican loss since 1979. Scared?
So basically you're saying she'll fight against all you are doing?  I don't believe that for one second.
She will help #MAGA
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 7 Months, 6 Hours, 57 Minutes, and 54 Seconds
Until the start of his second term. Yes baby! It's gonna happen wait and see. No tears please.
Delusional thinking. There's a pill for that.
They said the same thing when we laughed as they told us Crooked Hillary had a 98% chance of winning. Wake up son.
People didn't even wanna vote for you. 
Why would they vote for who you suggest?
62 million of us voted and made the right choice. Pres. Trump doing a great job. The nation will be booming 8 yrs from now!
What's he actually done, besides executive order?.......next to nothing! #orangefacedfuck
Fired Flynn for lying re:Russian mtgs.
Fired Sally Yates for telling on Flynn.
Fired Comey for investigation his campaign.
That's a lot!

Don't forget to add - selling $100B of our military hardware to Saudi Arabia and $12B to Qatar - he called terrorist countries w/Muslims
No she won't. You can't even get tax reform or healthcare done now WITH A MAJORITY HOUSE AND SENATE! And she is horrible.
He doesn't live in the district!! Think he cares about you???
Get educated, he lived there all his life now just outside- partner attending school. Handel isn't from Georgia.
#FlipThe6th
#VoteOssoff
He can't vote in that district!! He's a document film maker!! Outside money is trying to buy him the election!!'
Handel is funded by lobbyists. She represents the DC swamp, not the district she moved to last year.
And he doesn't live in the district! Dems are trying to buy the seat!!
That’s nice dear. Meanwhile, a weekly newsletter for people who enjoy thinking. Sign up here:
Other newsletters exist, but this one is definitely right up your street.
Shameless plug? SHAMELESS PUG.
And another, because you've been good.
Oh go on then.
This one's actually a French Bulldog. Multiculturalism is for puppies too, you know.
Report for spamalot
Thank you for self identifying and owning it, your psychiatrist would be proud.
Calling your mummy SCROTUS is disrespectful, don't blame your broken brain on nurture, you know damn well it's nature.
Do you deny that you have mental issues and that you are taking meds to cope?

Just how much time do you spend on twitter Trump obsessing?




#SpecialCounsel #TrumpRussia #Mueller

Partial list of #SpecialCounsel areas of investigation in #TrumpRussia:
Why is Trump trying to block or weaken RUSSIA sanctions in the House now?

#TrumpRussia

A poll of 125 CEO's by Yale on Trump so far:

50% give Trump an 'F'
21% a 'D'
1% an 'A'
#stocks #bubble #debtceiling
#TrumpCare will destroy Americans' health care.
She also thinks gay parents are bad, but when asked, doesn't seem to be able to explain why. Classy.
That's the Republican way...no need to explain, they know best. Which is why I hate Republicans.
Why do idiots feel the need to proclaim their hate?
Liberalism or Communism is a group-think, mob mentality. Anger is the easiest form of manipulation. Low intelligence people r easy to anger
I definitely got mobbed today!
I think they get paid per tweet.
A few accused me of being a "bot". I'm just a passionate supporter of our President Trump and want our country to stay a country-No global.
They call you a bot when your beating them! It's an honor!
Democrats lose again!!! 
Let's see how happy you are when you lose your health care or your premiums and drugs go Sky High LOL
I will be happy when the healthcare bill passes because then all the people that lost their Obamacare will have health insurance again.
You should say that to the 22 million people who won't have Healthcare
How's the investigation going Trumpy boy?
remember she is a woman, you don't like women!!!
No, no she won't. She will fight for the GOP agenda - make the rich richer and keep the middle class and poor under thumb.
Will you grab her by the p@&$y?
I thought you promised to help the LGBT community? Or workers?
No she won't.  Republicans have shown their true colors and their day is done.  As yours will be soon. Not soon enough but soon.

Your characterization of Karen Handel would be hilarious if weren't actually so very sad. First class bigot with the credentials to prove it
Hey Donald how do you spell impeached
How's that whole privatizing air traffic control deal going for you?Seems like it's another fake accomplishment.All show but no go,tiny man.
corruptness attracts corruptness
@psgsr160 @POTUS @HouseGOP @SenateGOP YOUR TWEET= BULL CRAP LOWER TAXES R 4 ELITISTS ONLY & AHCA=DEATH 2 MOST AMERICANS
Lower taxes for who. YOU and your cronies.  You intend to shaft the rest of us. TRAITOR THIEF
Now that Handel has won- can you fire Rosenstein and Mueller now!?!
REPUBLICANS have 1,000 more seats than the DEMONCRATS
.....crickets 
I wonder if anyone in Hollywood are packing their bags and leaving the country??? Bye Bye
BOOOO
I wonder how many paid for voters and buses Soros and Dems politicians or putting up to get more builders there Ossoff?
Yah, lower taxes for the rich and no healthcare for we the people!!
Thank you President Trump! You roxk
Um.... who cares! Georgia red anyway! I only care to have u gone
And......she won! Great news Mr. President!
I voted for you..please include the baby boomers who have suffered under the previous administration into this new ACA thanks Mr President

And fight AGAINST a living wage! 
LIES
So if this is a witch hunt why on earth would Kushner need to hire a lawyer who specializes in defending Politicians involved in Corruption
Rubber stamp

Georgia 6
Karen Handel  94,036 52.8%
Jon Ossoff      84,068 47.2%
50% of precincts reporting
Expect 300,000 votes
lower taxes for you and other rich people. Health care if you are rich. The rest of us get your scraps!
Dont forget, she wants to impose her Religious beliefs upon lives of all Americans. Sep of church&state, remember? We have freedom of relig
Not anymore. Banning an entire religion from entering the country is not freedom. He doesn't respect our constitution. He doesn't respect US
Bet money he claims he pushed her over the top if she wins. Will frame it as a huge vctory when in reality they should have won handily here
If she wins I'm sure you will tweet some truly unsportsmanlike garbage.
Who's minding the store? Certainly not you. You have toooo much free time.
Keep up the great work
Re: heat wave in the west. God is punishing us because libtards are mean to trump!!
We all lose when bigoted people get in office.  This isn't R against D... Do you really believe in her policies?  Smfh
Laughing my Ossoff! Winning!!
Hey Mr. President Karen Handel kicked ass today despite record millions of $$$ thrown  ossoff's way by the Dems. Epic fail by Dems again !
Such a desperate person. Start packing your bags, Donnie.
Good luck to Ms. Handel today.
How long before Osshoff blames Russia?
There is something deeply troubling about a president attempting to influence state elections
Gotta get a hold of GWB's  'Mission Accomplished' banner
Let's do it
Didn't flip. $40mil+ spent flopped.  Congrats Handel!
Dems 0 Reps 5 Congratulations On Republican SWEEP. Hip Hip Hooray! !!
Bigotry lives
She won't fight for anyone but the wealthy. Forget health care if you vote for her and basic human rights. Oh and don't forget livable wages
Handel is a lowlife and a liar!She takes after the lying trump scum!He blasted Obama for campaigning for Clinton!But it's ok forHim to do it
No she will not. She's another imposter & a phony like you. You're all monsters.
Good
Such bullshit from trump!
Not

For someone to say they are not for Americans getting a "livable wage" I question how American they are.  Even tRump does not share.
She's avoided to mention your name in election!  She's afraid you would affect her numbers I guess!
She is awful
AGAIN I SAW A COMMERCIAL ON TV SAYING PEOPLE OVER 50 WILL HAVE NO INSURANCE FOR PRE EXISTING ISSUES...AND NO DOOD STAMPS
When a woman can win that said she don't believe in a living wage we are doomed.
Lower taxes for whom? If she knows how to provide great healthcare, she should share that information with her Republican colleagues.
Idiot!
@psgsr160 @HouseGOP @SenateGOP I KNEW U WOULD B A DISASTER 2 AMERICA. I HOPED I WAS WRONG BUT EVERYDAY U PROVE I WAS RIGHT.
She will be a one termer.  Couldn't get more than a 1.5% in a 20% gerrymandered district...she's toast. As are you.
get this criminal and cronies out of washington, quickly!!  karen, is a lap dog, Get real
Hi there.
I hope if she is elected she will vote AGAINST raising the fed gas tax, yes yet another TAX on the working man! When does it end?

Seems like she won!  And SC is GOP too. CNN poll still says their boy is leading. Sound familiar?  
Thank God she beat that delusional Democrat idiot!
Hey, when will she finish college if she is such a hard worker?
YUP Sec. Of State, friendship medal from Putin, working with RUSSIA on cybersecurity.  yes after the hacking.  READ ALL ABOUT IT!
just like all the other Republicans, more lies.  Do some work and stay off Twitter with your lies!
Coming from a President with a 36% approval rating.
Russia Russia Russia Sir
Proof money cant buy liberals love. Thank God there are still some normal people in this country. Congrats Karen.
So glad she won her seat the table.  She will be there to help you complete your plans to MAGA!!
I guess she's going to have to fight you then since you're working for only lower taxes for the rich and a horrible health care plan
You crazy man.
The President Hes trying but the sold out dont care about the people they care wat goin to happen if the people now the thruth wat done.
it's great achievement
Indeed.
LOWER TAXES FOR YOU AND HIGHER TAXES FOR US...YOUR A CROOK
Wasaq
Lower taxes for the rich. Lousy healthcare for women. Short sighted security. We would be better off if she gave up.
Did you grab her pussy too Trump?
Trump don't lie for your women she's a liar just like you
https://twitter.com/senfranken/status/877222329230798851 …
Your endorsement only repels voters from Handel @realDonaldTrump. It's time for a new regime. Please resign and America will be great again
Totally agree Mr President.
No thanks! Your Republican majority just cover for you and CUT more programs so you can make more profits for the elite. #LiarInChief
Would love to see the Democrats win and thats the start to take over in 2018. Who knows with luck you will be out by then
How about a President that stops the horrendous torture of cats and dogs in China? Make them end the torture!! Use your clout and help them.
HOW DARE U TRY 2 PUSH THIS HEALTHCARE as GREAT! Not even good..it's AWFUL& NO ANSWER to WHAT WE'RE ALL facing in future.
Funny. That's exactly what u told your supporters you will do. Guess playing golf and tweeting is more important to you.
Who cares that she is a giant fucking bigot and openly promotes homophobia! Who cares about human beings as long as taxes get lowered!
Stop talking rubbish. Donald Duck that you are.
"Lower taxes" for WHO?
Hahaha!
Coz she has tentacles right ... you like that don't you
Works as hard as you?
As you go down BIGBOY CLOWN......
