you have done more in 72 hours than Obama did in 8 years!!
How true!  More destructive behavior toward the US than Obama could have ever dreamed of.
think they were there to laugh at the bulls**t
@DrFunkySpoon @duhgurlz @TeaPainUSA @Juan_Abbe @goldengateblond @HillaryClinton 
in your deluded dreams!!

Nope, most of us were watching Swamp People
I believe we were all hoping to see you shot. Kinda saves the american people time and money.
you need to stop lying and making up stuff.  We are not as insecure as you!
you obviously flunked elementary arithmetic, that goes without saying. I have the name of a few therapist because I’ve never come across a human being that needs one as bigly as you do sir.
LOSER!

Everyone wants to see president Trump bring God back into our American
Wow, television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration, 11 million more than the very good ratings...
You did not get very good ratings.  You are the most despised President in history.  Just quit before it gets worse.
Bullshit.
Yes because you have made America great again and it was always dream
got that from FNN?  Fake News Network
LIER
Wrong.  Worse on site ever
Who wouldn't want to watch the Mickey and Donald show ?? I guess we can be sure of a Goofy government
Did you know when you get upset you develop a sphincter mouth? Looks like a nasty a**hole
Because it was bound to funny...
Yep, nothing like a good train wreck


# If they did, it was to watch the horror of the non-event! Most people were swearing at their TV sets and getting drunk!
finally you make America into unsafe nation. People are fear to visit America. Thanks sir.
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/03/new-nokia-3310-is-useless-in-many.html …
no one gives a rat's a$$
Sooo Pathetic!!!
u r the most empty so called man with no Self Esteem that has to Gloat to try to feel better. Having Fun yet?? Soul empty
.
..
#fakenews . obama beat you by 7 million. SAD!
Hahaha, adding in global internet numbers much?
You are a shameless liar. Just the opposite.  Release your tax returns.
tipadee tops
ur president why do ubcare about ratings?
dear trump plZ change your drug dealer or change your park!

داداش یا ساقیتو عوض کن یا پارکت رو
don't u have more important things to worry about biff?
Time to call in AT&T and cable TV execs to find out why Americans are being price-gouged for lousy TV service.   #Disaster
your inauguration numbers doesn't dictate weather your a great president or not.....
That's maybe because they were with  President Obama in person for his Inauguration
@MarthaSifuent11 him and numbers, i just really wish he'd stop.
Mr President.....why do you care? Being President is not a popularity contest, move on
liar
What is it with you and numbers and fake ones at that You do know that we need homeless care welfare reform Stop
You are going to stop the lying You didn't have anything close to those numbers Where do you get them They just pop out
Congrats the People LOVE YOU
Deluded Donald 
, grow up & lbe a leader, & focus on real issues
, the only one who cares is u. Focus on world problems, really u tweeted about ratings
stop lying
lie
NOT TRUE.  STOP THE CRYING ABOUT YOUR LOSING INAUGURATION.  THE PICTURE IS FAKE, THOSE NUMBERS FAKE - SORRY
who cares
Which planet were they on??????
people love a car crash
Dosent compensate for your micro penis to fit your tiny hands
and I think that's FAKE news!
--they wanted to see history of the worst day America ever had to suffer.
All this adoration you see is all in your tiny head.
That's because people want to be witnesses of the beginning of their end.
You're 12 years old? Wow. You Tweet like it
@uaI6vRfUZNy4yJ4 there was no inauguration four years ago genius
over the world too I think Mr Trump, for instance.
@RussWKYC LIE!!!
THE BEST PRESIDENT EVER GOD BLESS 
PRESIDENT TRUMP
Fake news!
Turns out you are just another lying politico, turning Wall Str loose on the little guy.
p.s. IF you had higher ratings than @BarackObama Inauguration then it was because people love "car-crash" tv....
Yeah but @BarackObama has bigger hands than you.
Inauguration does not require a capital letter in the middle of that sentence.
they tuned in to see America's Joke. Not my reason.
I know you have to be the greatest, but the avenue with sparse attendance and millions tuning in to see what they ....2
tweeted this in a bathrobe
NOW that's FAKE NEWS!  #ImpeachTrump #POTUSBS
31 million is more than 38 million apparently... #AlternativeFacts #newMath #Trumpism
let's go.....let's go!!!!
EGO is not becoming.  You are running a country, not the Apprentice.
Sir, who cares, it was boring and why dancing with so many while it was your day. Two weeks later still don't get it..peace
-Of course. What HASN'T increased in numbers from 4 years ago?
there is nothing more priceless they  seeing liberals melt down. Thank you Mr President
how about doing ur job were paying you to do instead of tweeting like a 8 year old girl.
really someone is telling some "alternative truths"
KYS
lies you tell
Read about "gaslighting" and narcissistic abuse.  Denial of obvious facts is tactic used to weaken our sense of reality.
Denying facts was a great way to fill up the news on his first day to distract from what he was signing. Look for it again.
fuel prices on diesel is over priced between the mom and pops and monopoly truck stops by 40 cpg how about a national tax
- we only watched because we all can't take our eyes away from a train wreck.
lol smells like...FAKE NEWS  this weenie did not watch.
OMG, you're such a NARCISSIST!
What was that about fake news?
get real ...
You are one of those Sciencetologists aren't you? Believing that aliens are inside the earth?   Delusion is your core.
Millions watched on Youtube like I did.  Youtube kept shutting down the streams.  Probably closer to 40 million. :)
like people see a live car crash. Nobody wants but everybody see.
This is not a popularity contest. The only ratings that matter are approval ratings. Your's are at record lows.
@TeamTrump S.A.D.
It's not a popularity contest, it's President of the United States not President of grade school!! Grow up your 70 not 5
Oh hell no! That's your fake news. A small crowd attended. We all saw it clearly shown on True News. Get over yourself!
True facts: More women marching against you than fools at your inauguration, and now worst approval ratings in history!
still waiting for Hillary to be locked up.
sure donnie...whatever you say #alternativefacts
fibber
most people were thinking "what the fuck!? Whens ashton kutcher going to tell me i'm punked?! why is no1 stopping this!?"
I was impressed - you bee the man dude!
They were all watching to find out if you would announce the showing of ur tax returns. Kid, you're not a tv star anymore.
Don't forget those who watched it on their computers.......
11 million people more hoping to watch for a new Dallas 1963 maybe? Failed. Soooo bad. Maybe on next show.
Hahaha in your dreams.
thats true.  No one cared about obama winning a second time.
@LashayMaynor didn't watch because we like u, it's cause I was waiting to see a disaster.I did.
Nope. Lies!
I watched for Obama. Like everyone else I know.
현시각 매티슨  방문환영하려 국민들 태극기들고 갔읍니다ㆍ그런데 청와대압수수색강제ㆍ불법으로한다고해서국민들 청와대로 갑니다ㆍ미군이청와대보호해주세요
we wanted to watch America go to shit
Who cares! More specifically, why do YOU care? Do your job
please take a moment and have someone straighten out Andrew Jacksons portrait. Keep working hard.
please keep up the good work. We care praying for you
--Ratings?  You are talking about television ratings? Oh boy, this is going to be a long four years.
Wrong!
Wow.  Cool story bro.  Tell it again.
sounds like a lie.
they may have watched you and your unhappy wife , they didn't show up like they did 4 years ago . You are a 5 yr old bully
well you knew we would. You the best President we ever had.
why is that so important to you? That isn't normal. Stop it!
Yes, millions of people from all over the world watched it because we couldn't believe you were elected as president
At least Obama's was more entertaining.  Who taught you how to dance?
How many watched Obama's?
No one cares 
liar
Hey Trump, do you have pictures or videos proofs
Yes and #inauguration still tiny. @realDonaldTrump
who cares not important fix the problems with the country first fix your ego later
love it!
and only about 6 million LESS than the very good ratings 8 years ago!
@TeamTrump don't you wish. Fabricator of the truth alternate fax you're the greatest
@TeamTrump don't you wish
you so damn petty
 trying to be relevant???? LIE LIE LIE
Yet 7 million less than the 2009 inauguration.
fake news
Very is consistently and horrifically poor grammar. Find a better vocabulary please. I thought you were educated?
Oh for goodness sake - grow up and stop acting like a spoilt brat - oh sorry forgot, that's exactly what you are.
people watch train wrecks too!
Why are you so obsessed with this?  Your ratings, how much you win by, etc.
stop worrying about your ratings and run the country! And not into the ground please.
liar.  egomaniac
Médias lying again
I think that is because no one left their homes to see it in person. No?
maybe people didn't watch as much this year because people were actually there in 2012
alternative facts
Bullshit. Fake news!
... but WAY more PROTESTERS than EVER!!  LOVE how ya only state fakes that favor you
must be nice to live in your own fantasy
. Keep the good work.all the way.
I guess telling the truth just isn't easy huh? Or you in too deep?
yeah, with horror
wait, so you mean the train wreck filmed in front of a small, live audience?
Taking back our country "One Truth" at a time~!
liein sack , they r the lowest in presidential history why u think they talking bout it,2 u those #s look big ur1st X see#s
