I'm glad Robert F Kennedy Jr  gets it!  
A Democrat? With no Guile?  Thanks

Suggestion!  When near any DEMOCRAT   Just say 
JESUS JESUS JESUS
 ITS KINDA FUNNY BUT CRUEL
THIER DEMONS GO NUTS
ITS LIKE BEETLEJUICE http
4 days ago God put a double rainbow over Donald Trump at the peoples house, I got your back!


Thanks George, You describe our prex and me!

If you want to Make America Great Again, you should restore dignity to the WH. You run the US like a corrupt business
These tweets will not make you popular. Your approval rating is at a record low. You need to rid the White House of corruption by resigning.
Or let the grand jury do its job and indict him.
One way or another, Trump should not be allowed to finish his term: resignation or impeachment.
Since he spends all his time golfing at Bedminster or at Mar-a-Lago, he won't even notice the difference.
It would be a seamless transition for Trump, and America would be free of his corruption and incompetence. A win-win!
Or as Trump would say, "bing bong!" "Bing bing bing!"
Perhaps his 17 days at Bedminster will remind him of happier, less complicated times and he will stay there.
In 5 years there will be a blockbuster movie about Trump. The hero will be a reporter. Mark this tweet
Thank you Obama for keeping American Great for 8 years until Trump ruined it.
Your adviser is still colluding!!!
Just by posting images of the stock market in between your golf games doesn't mean you are the one who caused the rise. Thanks Obama!!!
Now go back to golfing before you start a war

Obama did that!
Thanks Obama!
Thanks I was trying to find that graph
Try telling the 50% of Americans who have no stock market equity how well they did under Obama's economy
How do people defend Obama when he doubled the debt with next to no GDP growth? More damage to the economy than all Presidents combined!

Isn't it sad 90% of responses accuse me of being a bot yet the top response here is a showcase in the inability to reason for one's self?
Libs and Dems are such a sad lot. They mock Trump & his supporters
turn his notifications off and unfollow him and you wouldn't see his tweets
Not wanting insane ramblings from a lunatic POTUS and ignoring insane ramblings from a lunatic POTUS are two different things.
We have to monitor his Twitter account, since he is too much of a coward to hold press conferences

Follow @RealPressSecBot instead
It's amazing how many Russian bots are retweeting your tweets and leaving comments on them.....
And you claim that you didn't collude with Russia.  Ummm, yeah right!
Even Bannon and @Breitbart are colluding with the bots! Steve Bannon Appears to be Working With Russian Twitter Bots
It's not just a coincidence when Bannon/Breitbart attack McMaster and Russian bot spam #FireMcMaster on Twitter!
You continue to tweet yourself further and further into a prison cell!  Keep it up!
you sure showed him
how will drumpf ever recover???
He won't, because he still hasn't recovered from Putin not giving him the popular vote. lol. #DumpTrump  #IMPOTUS  
The greatest President ever 


#LatinosForTrump we love  you MR President!! #Trump2020
#TrumpArmy  #MAGA
Obama WRONG AGAIN!! #MAGA 
1 million new jobs in 6 months
209k new jobs in July
Unemployment rate at 16 yr low
Thanks, @POTUS!  
https://twitter.com/immigrant4trump/status/788427242837798912 …
Psalm 149:4
For the #Lord takes #pleasure in His #people; He will beautify the #humble with #salvation.
1 John 2:2
And He Himself is the #propitiation for our #sins, and not for ours only but also for the whole #world.
Man, what's wrong with these bots?
Romans 5:8
But #God demonstrates His own #love toward us, in that while we were still #sinners, [1/2]
Make world great again
This is done by only great chyran who is in India , according to 
#Prophecies_Of_Nostradamus
https://twitter.com/LJodhpur/status/892197450663870464/video/1 …
POLL 

Is President Trump doing a good job with JOBS so far??

Vote below and RETWEET
Because Donald had nothing to do with this. It's not hard to understand. Our economy has been constantly growing since 2008. Thanks Obama.
Thanks Obama 
Obama gave all our money to foreign countries. The economy was failing under him. #FakeNews
They crack me up giving props to Obama, a socialist 
You look like a 40+ PornStar that needs to retire
Maybe u need to stop watching porn? 
THANKS OBAMA!
We need to #ProtectMcMaster
https://twitter.com/AynRandPaulRyan/status/894169340907405312 …
#SundayMorning
#AMJoy
HR McMaster: Putin's regime engages in "subversion, disinformation, propaganda". No wonder bots are going after him.
H.R. McMaster might be the only thing standing between the U.S. and Putin's determination to destroy Democracy.
#ProtectMcMaster
#AMJoy
Your tweet said, "I'm not on vacation!"
An hour later...
#SundayMorning
#AMJoy
The more time he spends golfing, the less time he has to ruin the country.
That's a fact.
But then Ivanka is back there running our country. And his sons.
Running or ruining






Fact: stock market performed better during Obama's first six months in 2009
Fact: more jobs were created Feb-July 2016 than Feb-July 2017. You're running behind Obama by about 15%
Fact: you haven't passed a budget. To the extent the gov's budget actually effects the economy, it's OBAMA's budget. Thanks Obama!
Fact: @FoxBusiness, @foxandfriends and most of @FoxNews are your unapologetic shills. It's almost embarrassing how much they fluff you
Though you fluff them in return, so I guess it makes sense. But still pretty all-around embarrassing display of state media
Absolutely, State media propaganda Network!

Hope the final episode is coming soon.
I'll take a wall with wet paint drying
No walls!
This one is better. Ive added a few people to it!




Thank you Mr President!
Please ensure to remove Obama holdovers and people in the WH that are undermining your agenda (Mcmaster)
I agree %
We can agree on the fact that Trump is doing an awesome job and is Winning for ALL Americans #MAGA
Yes that is true. No way the libs and Dems cannot see that
Libs and Dems only want to create more hate and confusion
Exactly 

Yes!!! Make America great again. Resign or drop dead.
Can he do both? Asking for a patriot
WHY AREN'T YOU AT CHURCH?
Because he only worships himself.

Have you never heard of the electoral college?
Thank you, @BarackObama?
You inherited a low unemployment rate. Congrats.
Revelation 22:21
The #grace of our #LordJesusChrist be with you all. #Amen.
Hebrews 9:12
Not with the #blood of #goats and #calves, but with His own #blood He entered the Most #Holy Place [1/2]

3 Years, 5 Months, 14 Days, 3 Hours, 44 Minutes, and 18 Seconds
Until my SECOND term!
You CAN'T BELIEVE THAT!!!! That would make you more stupid than your minions. SAD!
~You can't believe that is the @realDonaldTrump .....That.....
That's a parody account. I've seen it myself.
Since you haven't passed ANY legislation, all we can say is "Thanks, Obama!" 

You have done nothing to create this economy. Keep golfing.

NRA members did that bcuz they were terrified that the black man would come for their guns. 
Fucking idiots.
And gun sales have dropped under Trump so now the NRA is switching focus in their ads.  Targeting news and people

Indeed, thank you President Obama.
FOX said it best

I have nothing but dislike for Obama the Liar-in-Chief, Socialist-in-Chief, Islamist-in-Chief. Btw, born in KENYA not US.

Obama sends you greetings...
It's fpr him 

The fact that you have to tell people accomplishments is sad. And you can thank Obama for building back our economy.
Whyyyy does he do this?  Its very odd.
It's the height of desperation. And he's obsessed with showing his crowd that he can beat Obama. Very embarrassing
Speaking of shellacking, I believe they are doing that with gold to the White House as we speak per 45's request.
Do people really believe policies your still trying to put in place have are affecting the economy instantaneously?
Economic policies and government action that produces these numbers takes years. How can you take credit for these results?
I know your followers believe it. But how can you brag about the success of @BarackObama as your own? Doesn't that make you uneasy.
As a businessman, shouldn't you be trying to stay the course on legacy actions to maintain these results? If it ain't broke don't fix it?
Still president
Love our @POTUS 
.@FemalesForTrump @realDonaldTrump 
Did u know this is the same rate of job growth since 2010?? https://data.bls.gov/timeseries/CES0000000001?output_view=net_1mth …
Doubling national debt? Thanks? You can't be serious
Jeff Flake dropped to 18%!
Yet not a peep about 100s of US diplomats kicked out of Russia, Minnesota mosque bombing, missing marines.

"But the stock market is not the economy, and the truth is that the economy hasn’t much changed since Trump took office," https://twitter.com/politico/status/894091035604856832 …
Word on street: many people wouldn't pee on you if you were on fire, or if you were offering money in exchange for the service.
That is kind of you. I don't want to do him any favors!
Trump: "I've got a great deal for you! Classic win/win scenario! Hear me out..."
As long as you are taking credit for Obama Economy, please take credit for EVERYTHING -  Healthcare, Afghanistan, North Korea, etc.
#CherryPicking only appropriate at cherry orchards. We need a POTUS who wants to lead and take responsibility.
It's so sickening to watch you and @FoxNews @FoxBusiness and @foxandfriends publicly pleasure each other. Get a room...
Oh, so all those @FoxNews 'accomplishments'  explain your RECORD LOW approval rating of 33%. Guess it would be single digits without them.
We love our President! We pray for you everyday 
God Bless Pres Trump 

And NO, trump doesn't envy Obumma!! Ewwwww why would he envy that POS???
Because he had a higher approval rating.
By the end of obumma's presidency only the liberal elites liked him. Not the American people
Even biased breitbart says his approval at the end of his term was 47.9%.
Good this means we're doing something right!!
Stephen Miller for comms director!!

Lmfao no one gives a damn..
It's this kind of success that's causing countless #CrookedHillary supporters to confess they were wrong and flip to supporting Trump! #MAGA
Really? Where?
They are countless - it can't be counted because I don't exist
This is also the exact same success Obama has been having for years, but you were too busy focusing on birther lies to notice.
Interesting, you haven't passed any significant policy for the economy, so I guess #ThanksObama
I'm not complaining, Obama did make American pretty great. I hope you don't meddle with the economy and mess up the momentum
@realDonaldTrump has established his place in history as the worst "POTUS" ever
He will be mocked relentlessly as a total buffoon for centuries. That much I enjoy knowing.
THANK YOU for all your hard work! #MAGA
17 days worth of "hard work". Ih5, yeah, his little hands must be tired of tweeting. He needs a break, the poor Orange Satan
The reason I took 17 day vacation is because its hard work killing a Navy SEAL,  Green Beret, Syrian children & an 8 year old American girl
I stand corrected, sir! Don't forget all the children you want tovtake insurance and education away from! 
Your supporters are causing a ruckus in my comments section for Detroit.  For the love of God, give them their milk bottles so they can nap!
Post your address so we can send you milk bottles
MAKE AMERICA HATE AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA HATE AGAIN!
ROTFL. Fake Putin-Puppet!!!!!   Stupid, whiny emotionally unstable failure.  Trump is a loser - couldn't win popular vote!
Notice how all the screen shots are @FoxNews? That's because he only reports #FakeNews outlets he controls.
JERRY, WHY ARE YOU REPLYING TO ALL OF HIS TWEETS.
Only 30%, stop your #FakeNews!
Better take a drink u said #fakenews
#Gulp... #Hick...
And when pple want to walk the streets yelling "White Power" let them they voted for me
@2Fresh4Haters
While these are good things and I'm happy, me and Donnie can still throw them mitts if I catch him on 17th
Hahaha why the 17th
17th is my block 
You know I would have to defend my boy Donnie
*Walkie talkie noise* Requesting backup on 17th @KingDeontay
On my way gatman 
RUN DEONTAY!!!!!


what abt banning transgender people from the military, endorsing police brutality, andbeing a sexist pig? is that making americagreat again?
I've been on since he rode down the escalator!! Only now I'm even more Proud to be a Trump supporter! I Love President Trump.
YES they did!!
I support you 100% I do wish you'd curb the tweets a little to give the non supporters less ammo and make them stick to the issues ;)

Still taking credit for the stock market? Maybe your irrational behavior is causing this? So here's some credit, happy to give it to you.
Someone tell me this is wrong
@realDonaldTrump: Thank you Mr. President for all your hard work.  We are so thankful!

It's great to have a REAL AMERICAN PRESIDENT that Loves us the American People first!!!

I guess some polls are okay as long as they're convenient for you DONALD, RIGHT?!

#MATFA 

MAKE AMERICA TRUMP FREE AGAIN!!

#TheResistance
good one, thatwould work for sure!!!
Thank God for President Trump! I really believe we were one more democratic term away from the point of no return.
I just can't believe that this "president" is now taking credit for low unemployment rate when during his campaign he said that the official
Numbers were wrong and that unemployment rate was more like 25 to 30%
HAVE DOJ & CIA MAKE A STUDY OF WHO HAS MORE COMMUNISTS IN THEIR SYSTEMS KREMLIN PRAVDA & RUSSIAN MEDIA OR U.S. CONGRESS SENATE & FAKE MEDIA!
U.S. CITIZENS LOOK AT CUBA VENEZUELA THIS IS WHAT THE LEFT WING COMMUNIST WANT FOR U.S. WAKE UP! SOME ARE USEFUL IDIOTS OTHERS PUPPET MASTER
MAGA Make America Gracious Again. America deserves a president who's decent, well spoken, measured, well-informed, competent and honest. Sad
That pic is computer generated...it was more like this...
we still love you
Now deport soros he's out to destroy USA and you kick him out Putin did

We need the Wall.  And NO Amnesty.  Thank you President we are proud of you. @realDonaldTrump you have done a lot.
Thank you Obama! This is all your hard work! @BarackObama
Mr President
Thank you for how hard you are working for us.  You inspire me.   
Thank you.
THANK YOU!
OMAGA = Obama MaDe America Great ALREADY.  don.
#DrainTheSwamp
For you Mr President
Thank you Mr. President! Keep up the good work. Regardless what they say we are still behind you all the way!
#Trump2020
President Trump all you do is amazing!!  I am impressed with your words!  
#MAGA 
Sr. @realDonaldTrump, @POTUS...
Nicolas Maduro's militias are murdering opponents of the Venezuelan dictatorship! #Help
Congratulations u have already made America Great Again, fake news like @CNN @BBCWorld @ABC will never report this...
Make America great again by resigning! #biglysadforamerica
we would be glad to MAGA. Forcing your resignation is step one!
66666666666666666666
Thank you President Obama. Everyone knows that you can't take credit for the economy or stock market till one year after you're in office!
Yes you will and are working hard to make America great again  . And we all Americans appreciate u so much !!!!
Undeniable facts-suck on your baba you ball-less losers!! @POTUS @Cernovich @VP @_Makada_ @KellyannePolls @kwilli1046 @RightNutDouche
How low can you go
IMO, people who don't like and support President Trump are allowing their ignorance to show!! Same with Hillary and Obama stickers on cars!
You really can't take credit for anything until you've signed your first budget. The boom credit goes to @BarackObama !
Donald Trump is God sent. Ezekiel Akpan from Nigeria
YES

Go Dallas Cowboys!
I love TRUMP.
He is the best President ever to me.
Yes, please make America great again. PLEASE RESIGN!
Mr President Trump.  Thsnk you for your hard work so far.  Thanks for the Veteran work.

I Urge EVERYONE
JOIN YOUR LOCAL @GOP 
MAKE A CHANGE FROM WITHIN! 
LOW TURNOUT IS OUR WORSE ENEMY!
This is a REMINDER.. We Can Talk About Suing the @GOP & Bitch About them...
BUT you have to JOIN them to MAKE A CHANGE
@GOP meeting tonight 
America is great.
America now has a real President DonaldJ. Trump.
You stopped talking about the stock markets, why?
#MAGA  President Trump's Accomplishments Since Taking Office: More done in 6 months than Obama did in 8 years!
#MAGA #WhyTrumpWon #JOBS
Doing a great job Mr. President. Keep up the good work. Real Americans see it regardless of what MSM says.
Agreed. And the first step is to find a new president who'll actually do the job.
Sweetie, you didn't do this. Obama did this. Nice try though! Try getting better copying tips from Melania next time!
Carrier exporting jobs, WI taxpayers paying for FOXCON jobs. Economic demand from prior 8 yrs leads to higher, not your tweets
BOMBSHELL! Comey’s FBI Helped Set Up Clinton / Lynch Tarmac Meeting http://truthfeed.com/breaking-bombshell-comeys-fbi-helped-set-up-clinton-lynch-tarmac-meeting/99099/ … via @truthfeednews
Please stop already. Blowing your own horn all the time - look at me, look at me - with so many lies that we can't tell what's truth anymore
Taking credit for @BarackObama  work again
Funny that you called those same indicators "fake" under Obama
