اقای ترامپ ؛بیهوده متازکه مقصدخاک است...گویندعاقبت خاک گل کوزه گران خواهی شد.
communist government impeachment is looming the world is watching
El imperio, siempre gas sido una vestía salvaje escarlata 666/apocalipsis.
"And I'm proud to be an American
Where at least I can always pee"
"In a hooker's mouth, or down south
I let the stream flow free"
"And I'd gladly take a piss
Where Obama sits
'cause that really does it for me"
thumbs up for silliness
Eres un ser despreciable por que odias a todo el mundo. y eso no es agradable
great seeing a piece of crap in the toilet
ترمب رجل قوي حرك الذين كانوا يعتمدون علي الاخرين في نجاحهم
Hey @TheLeeGreenwood did a 3 time sold out concert in timbuck 2...puretty special...On a serious note I was at a packed house for Disney's Frozen...I think Elsa has you both beat! Follow her advice..Let It Go!
eeyeww...cheesy!
wow, blue tie
69% of Americans think you need to stop tweeting.
free country freedom of speech
Not when it's irresponsible and UNTRUE!
and God bless Israel, USA and the world
THE ISRAELITES ARE GOD'S PEOPLE! We must support and protect them! (EXODUS 3:10)
don't mind them Mr Trump, they're just ribbing you. I KNOW Your hair is ALL YOURS
and if they're NOT
well we both KNOW Mr Trump,  what THAT means #Hmmm  Batter Up?!

 MIAOW  @ReVScOtAnOnUk @familyofanon @A_ofAnon @realDonaldTrump @TheLeeGreenwood 
INDIGO SPEC OP 
#Bigly >> @_0Hour1__ 
 #TRUMP 
https://youtu.be/XXP4oAdTZ-s 
Russian hair bears 
Has that hand been photo-shopped?
Why so many vaccines now? What's up?
there are more than 6, the last time I read.  Big pharma does not like non drug pushing doctors.
I have been following this and they do not want alt medicine to treat pts with known cures!
Most MD;s and Nurses fall for it.  And would like to see MORE vaccines.  While they are sick.
joined Twitter in March 2009. The stock market has gone straight up since March 2009. Coincidence??

Yes, of course.
, thank President Obama for saving our economy with his tremendous economic team.
The slowest growth rate of any President in HISTORY, DOUBLED the debt!! Obama Hussein is a buffoon #MAGA
Ha ha ha. Is that safety pin borrowed from one of the #Crybaby liberal #protestors? Grow up.
Time to get off the computer and find a job - you have to work now that the socialists lost.
says the intellect who appears to have spent hours tweeting himself!
#TheResistance
SAD! #TheResistance
#TheResistance
#TheResistance
#TheResistance

But guess what! Hahahahaaa! Enjoy your hot chocolate and diaper pin
Not a liberal, but OK
Your taste is music is as atrocious as your taste in interior design.
you all look like you hired the work  plastic surgeon to rearrange your faces
NICE BUT DO NOT FORGET THE TRUCKING INDUSTRY RIDICULOUS REGULATIONS
Lee Greenwood sings the best song of the century.  Way to go Lee!
God bless America agreed
Kinda sad, actually. No one knows who Lee Greenwood is.
Great Photo, President Trump!    Keep smiling!
awesome!!!
God Bless You Mr President and you as well Lee
Who is Lee Greenwood?
Look  at that stumpy little thumb. 
Beautiful!
Lee Greenwood was a one hit wonder with no other claim to fame. Kinda like reality star Trump.
lol... If there is a God you are pissing her, Off ! Peeping tump Predator. Putin not the problem you are!
All fun and games Lee. But donny's looking like he just played grab n sniff with Kimberly
#ShowUsYourTaxReturns
guitar not made in America.
way to keep pulling those washed up has beens. Not impressed!

do you know ANYONE who is not a creepy, leering white person?
Glad you made the election. I never doubted it from your take off in 2015 never backed down. Oh & Hi Lee!
America loves you  @TheLeeGreenwood
Oh my God...put your thumb down!! You look like a head trauma victim!!!!
. Being photographed with you would be worse than caught drinking a bud light in Grand Rapids
what an awkward picture!
couldn't you get any popular music icons to participate
hope in four year you are out
You're seventy years old and haven't learned how to smile properly. Also, are you made of wax? Also who's @TheLeeGreenwood?
better watch that left hand...poised for backdoor pussy grab. 
Glad you were able to restrain yourself from grabbing.
eww
there we go again, thumbs up like a tosser
look at the smile on their face is because they know you will soon be cutting their taxes like you will be
the best talent anyone could ever want!!!!! Yay!!!!
Who's had more plastic surgery, @realDonaldTrump or @TheLeeGreenwood?
Congratulations Mr. President Donald Trump  God Bless USA
who are these people?
Of the 836 items for sale in the Ivanka Trump fashion catalog, NOT ONE IS MADE IN THE USA.   Nearly half are made in China
Lee I have always been a fan. During the primary I put your YouTube on Twitter Proud to be an American 󾓦
congrats
what a has been
- I heart everybody is still throwing up.
Pack your bags illegals... your are going home...
no one us illegal. A human being cannot be illegal. But way to show some fantastic human compassion. Well done!
Move along troll... They are illegally here... and will be removed.
i am not a troll. They are undocumented, not illegal. A human being cannot be ilegal.
More billionaires? Just what u need. Incredibly, enormously bad!
PLEASE Don't forget  Michael Savage  @ASavageNation 
Remember you said he could carry your umbrella  ?  #MAGA

what a bunch of stiffs.
amazing 2 see a 20+yr old song still is going strong and sounds like it was just written.#ProudAmerican
who?
@ tomorrow'll change the US history. It's not what our country can do for us but what we can do for our country! God bless!
.@realDonaldTrump @TheLeeGreenwood wow, THE Lee Greenwood? Usually u got to buy seafood buffet to get meet&greet w/ likes of him #NotSoProud
is this the best you can do? Make America sub B again!!!!!
God Bless America and our new President.  Let's DO THIS THING
.@realDonaldTrump Who is .@TheLeeGreenwood and why should we care about this? Also, your thumb is weird. #stoptweetingstartleading
Who?
Congratulations from Ohio
Yet another has-been, living off of one hit record. #OneHitWonder #SellOut #FakePresident #SCROTUS
Just deleted Lee Greenwood from my MP3 player and threw out two CDs.. Lost all respect for him. @realDonaldTrump @TheLeeGreenwood
please tell me you didn't grab her by the pussy....

This is what a strong country looks like. Better days ahead. We must unite, no more hate
Makes you wonder what he thinks he's going to do with that thumb.
TY Lee Greenwood what a great job you make us all proud to be americans
oath to uphold and support! They damn sure did too! They all should be dismissed if they cannot uphold
#Proud Americans
This man.. @TheLeeGreenwood is the 1 person besides DJT that I just have to see on #InaugurationDay Sing it Lee #MAGA
AMEN!

really, thumbs up again...
I saw him in TN  God Blessed  his voice n kindness n spirit of love Proud 2 b an America Grannie T
Congratulations President Donald J.Trump. Thank you God bless. Xoxox
God Bless the USA!
please put your thumb away.
oh she's "hot" did you grab her by the pussy?
Great seeing you with a washed up singer whose career was only resurrected when the country was attacked.
is that DT or just a cardboard cut out of him, he has the same exact pose in every photo 
Best of luck to you. We need you!
good pic
Yes, God Bless the USA!!!
wouldn't know his designs if someone slapped you w/them. Now u just sound like a bitchy queen, poor loser!!
She looks like your type. Kinda plastic. You grab her by the pussy, too? Need some Tic Tacs?
1984 called. They want their z list singer back.
I know this movie. "Deferments, Bone Spurs and Blondes"
My high honor to present our Flag in 50+ ceremonies with lee greenwood's God Bless The USA.  CMSGT USAF.
YEA TRUMP!!!!
Dear God. Stop with the thumbs up. Your fingers are too small to support the gesture.
nice photo
Καλέ, τί έχει πάθει το σακάκι του @TheLeeGreenwood ;;;
How many album's of lee do you have ? wasn't he on the muppet's singing ?  rofl
jesus, how thin are your arms??
So Proud of our New President Trump ! Locking forward to the next eight years !
Thank god I found him! He hasn't been seen in 27 years. #shortfingeredvulgarian
. Scraping the bottom of the barrel I see.
did you grab her by the.....?
#best
The most presidential tweet so far!!
That's about the closest you'll get to an A-list celebrity for the foreseeable future!
A list? Really?
How are your hands so tiny? Shame!
Is he a cabinet nominee or?
If God had anything to do with this you wouldn't be there. Say Thank you Putin. Illegitimate President
My prayer is that the LORD give the incoming president of the USA the  wisdom and grace to excel. Congrats
Greenwood is a Great American & I love his song about America.  Thank you Lee.
Maby you want to be TALKING about JOBS. A bit more??? Not thing like THIS?
*evening's* facepalm.
where is Barron?
not sure. i said the same thing!!
Carefull with that thumb - she might not "let you do it".
I put his song on Twitter during the primary saying do we remember when America felt this way
Who?
I love Lee Greenwood!  I heard Tony Orlando was going to entertain also! Lovely, It's you time! God bless!
The country music stars are true Americans.  Thanks to all the performers on friday.
great picture
smile only mother could love...
look at that tiny hand.
Telling y'all he cheesing too hard. He's plotting takeover domination
Our office will be live streaming tomorrow all daySO EXCITED MR TRUMP
Did you grab Kimberly by the pussy?
glad another washed up country STARZ could benefit you..lol
Geee Donny... is your thumb permanently in that awkward position from sticking it up your ass?
@TeamTrumpAZ I am so proud you are my president
AMERICA IS PROUD NOT JUST A FEW BUT MAJORITY HAS SPOKEN !!
You probably had no idea who he was...#DividerinChief
Thank you Mr greenwood
Looks like you're putting ur thumb up as if ur getting ready 2 grab her! Like you've done 2 other women!

Kimberly's hands are bigger than yours. #TinyHands
I thought Lee was taller than that!
Did you have a dinner with the owner Mr. and Mrs. Aoki at Benihana?
Lee, can you legitimately sing "Proud to be an American" now? Really?
Why are you so orange? You look like a character that could have been on 1960's Star Trek. #attackofthekilleroranglepeople
did you grab her by the pussy? I've heard when you're famous you can do anything you want.
Great performance
god your all just plain disgusting
Did you go in with your Nancy O'Dell moves?
Check Donnie Boy pockets I'm sure you have to pay big bucks 4 pork #Maga #illegitimatePresident
#pixoritdidnthappen

Please, enough with the "thumbs up" in every pic. You're not coaching a children's sports team.
Sloppy seconds thirds fourths, etc
pls just Tweet something interesting. Who Cares that u are going to eat something
