How about those job report numbers?
Your fiscal year doesn't start until October 1st. Thanks, Obama!
IMPEACH,CONVICT, EXECUTE THIS TRAITOROUS CRIMINAL AND PRISON FOR HIS FOUL SPAWN
Yes, and soon it will go down because of you
Majority of Americans don't own stock.  Job growth missed its August numbers- it's all slowing down after Obama left.   Tick tock
Great job
#NationalDebt up even more. Your gains are Trumped by our losses.
Houston is flooded and the east coast is bracing for a potential impact from #HurricaneIrma, but whatever. Also, thank Obama for the uptick.
and?!  You had ZERO to do with it!

END DACA NOW YOU PROMISED

Don't bring up jobs unless you compare private vs public sector jobs. Big difference. We can cut half of the public sector and still be fat
Thanks Obama.
3 Years, 4 Months, 18 Days, 17 Hours, 12 Minutes, and 22 Seconds
What a miserable life you have 
Thank you President Obama!!!
Keep deregulating till we crash harder next time
We have a very bad word to describe  people like you in Britain
Nigel?
Where are the jobs?  Only RICH care about STOCKS

Still Obama's economy until next month.
and if the market tanked like they predicted it would after trumps election would that be obamas fault it was still his right hypocrite libs

Thanks Obama!

And its nothing to do with you!!

Thank you for making my retirement accounts relevant again.
Thank you President Obama!
Jobs down, unemployment up.
Not because of you...
You're a dark miserable figure #trump @cnn @nytimes
Number of jobs created:

In 1st 8 months of 2016: 1,548,000

In 1st 8 months of 2017: 1,405,000
Because the US$ has fallen. The S&P500 & DJI are loaded with multinationals who benefit from the lower $. Ask why the USD is lower..
Dishonest & proves that these Trump haters don't care about making our country Great again but only about tearing down President Trump!
Unemployment up too! But your favorable ratings? DOWN.
End DACA!!!
Do not listen to this idiot, End DACA
Paul Ryan will sell out our country over and over again. Vote him out!
End DACA
You won because you listened to the American people and not Paul Ryan. End DACA Mr. President!
If @realDonaldTrump ends DACA and Builds the Wall he belongs on Mt. Rushmore!
Yikes, what an image for the minds' eye.
Thank you President Obama!
President Trump is making all Americans richer than ever before! Fed announced incomes are rising for the first time in years! #MAGA
@ricardorossello is our governor and the one who should be heard on all this situation, not that Carmen Yulín.
The #MSM ignores the tremendous economic progress that the country is making under President Trump! Americans see it in their wallets! #MAGA
Consumer confidence, small business index, stock market, ALL TIME HIGHS as far as the eye can see! #AmericaFirst
President Trump serves the American People, NOT the lying #MSM!
President Trump is making all Americans richer than ever before! Fed announced incomes are rising for the first time in years
Behind the scenes, the media actually LOVES Trump! He's gotten them the best ratings in years
President Trump is making America Strong Again, Rich Again, Smart Again, and YES #GREATAGAIN
Who doesn't like money? President Trump is making you rich, whether you're a Democrat of a Republican -- GET ON the Trump Train!
DT has 0 to do with my economic statues. 1st he'd have to actually DO something other than issuing a "National" prayer proclamation.
Yes it's an uptrend starting with @BarackObama
And Obama never bragged about repairing the economy after it crashed.
Maybe you should be afraid of this rather then bragging about what you didn't really have a hand in

We LOVE YOU Donald!
Stock market DOWN three months in a row.
4/ When G. W. Bush was president, the Dow Jones fell a total of 2,638 points  (Roughly a 25% drop from Jan. 2001 to Jan. 2009)
I wanna thank the President of the United States @realDonaldTrump for his crompomise with PR. Carmen Julin does NOT represent PR...
Which is fantastic news for you, considering that an administration’s economic policy takes effect immediately after taking office.
market seems to be responding well to Trump Russia investigation...I expect for records to be broken as the Mueller's team goes deeper!
Yes!!!!!
Thank you, President Trump!  It's about time!  At last we have a Patriot in the White House!
Stock market down three months in a row.
Thank You Obama!!
Thank you Mueller!!!
Did you see the rather dismal jobs numbers this morning????
They were not dismal.   You are hateful and unsupportive.

Meh. #FailingPresidentTrump still can't help but to #rideObamasJock.  #sad
These are the most forced hashtags I've ever seen and you should be embarrassed.
Says the dildo that blocks anyone from their subreddit that dares speak ill of the fuhrer. Can it, cupcake.
You're a fat LMAO
Oooh, you really got me there. Is that the kind of intellectual conversation you have at /r/The_Donald - so riveting. Go suck off Pepe.
>calls someone a dildo
>expects to have an intelligent convo
Stop getting dumped so much, your hair dye is poisoning your brain
I used Sun-In once in the '90s. Totally turned my hair orange. That was an interesting experience.
Good man Don, fu@k Puerto Rico, keep calm and golf
Stock Market up 5 months in a row!...
Thank You President Obama!!
Are you ever going to realize that the stock market is not the economy? Workers are, with the wages they have to spend.
God bless you and your family!
Good job on the economy! Keep up the good work in making the liberals cry!
Stock market down three months in a row.
Go Donald.. We LOVE YOU!
Do you also take credit on those days when it falls?

OOPS!
Yes and every time Donald is on TV stocks go down
5/ When Obama was president, the Dow Jones climbed 11,831.11 points (From Jan. 2009 to Jan. 2017)
im horny
Wrong guy.  Bill has been retired for a while.

Thank you President Obama.  Not even Donald can screw it up. So far.
Yes he can. Stock market down three months in a row.
72 months in a row actually. It didn't drop when you came in and had been up for years
... That usually happens when you deregulate it, and then it gets overinflated and comes crashing down.
Thank you President Obama
The stock market isn't the economy.
Thank you Obama. Hopefully you sent him a thank you card.

speaks volumes of the failed economic structure of the states... only you could look at growing disparity with pride.
Have you sent Barack a thank you for that yet, Donnie? No one likes an ingrate. 
(No, seriously- we don't like you!)
Of Course It Is Mr. President.......Your In Charge Now. #MAGA Always
Too bad your popularity is at an all time low! #yousuckaspresident
What about the debt limit? Crash!!! #impeachtrump #fakepresident
People are starting to realise that your presidency is supporting the growth not hindering - keep going, it's great to watch from the UK
Thanks Obama!
Thank you Barack Obama!!!!!
No from anything you have done
Thank you President Obama!!
Trump TRULY believes stock market rise is because of him. 

Yet when it falls, he doesn't accept blame. 
Convenient.
#ThanksObama
AFTER 7 years in a row?
thank you Obama
And you didn't have a damn thing to do with it.
Thanks Obama
Jobs are down, just sayin
Resign
Thank you, President @BarackObama
Once the stock market stabilized, it went on to experience the second-longest bull market in U.S. history, a trend that continues today.
#ImpeachTrump
Thanks, @BarackObama.
The stock market is headed for a bigger crash than 2008. We need Glass-Steagall now. We do not need  Dimon. He is the fox in your hen house.
#ThanksObama!
Beware of riding that roller coaster. Take care of the country and the stock market will take care of itself.
Thanks Obama!
Huh. Almost as many months as it was up last year under Obama. And he had about as much to do with it as you do.
Thank you Obama!
You do understand the economy and the stock market are two different things right? Also you have not passed ANYTHING to do with either!
It will come down crushing everything in its pad; false increases without foundation always do
those are Obama’s numbers. Even you should be able to understand a fiscal year
Something you had nothing to do with you dummy
Said George W. Bush in August, 2008..
Thanks Obama
The market is fundamentally oversold & these gains are not sustainable.  I think we are headed for another major market adjustment like 2006
And the rich get richer! Just remember, if you say it's you while it's up, it's you when it goes down.
You've done nothing to this point in term as president to take credit for anything!
How about those other #'s???  Not going to tweet those???
Now if we only had a President who was up to acting Presidential.  Grow up!
Which means little to the average American, but it's very important to your rich friends! #PresidentfortheRichnotUS #LiarInChief
Plus the 8 years under Obama
Thanks Obama. Let's hope it continues rising once Trumps policies go in effect.
I'm sure the (((jew$))) are happy because you stabbed us in the back for that!!!! #whitepower
#approvalrating down for the 6th month in a row! #trumploser
Thanks President Obama! (You know the fiscal year starts in October, so your warped economic policies won't take effect until then, right?)
Thanks Obama his fiscal year is almost over
#ThanksObama #ObamaIsARealPresident
Hillary Clinton should be in jail too.
Ya and YOU had NOTHING to do with it!
Yet the businesses aren't doing any better
Before Reaganomics the market being up was a good thing for America, now it only good for Wall St.
I bet your arms hurt from patting yourself on the back
Had a nightmare, that donald trump, was president..oh, wait...
@CNN Does Trump actually thinks the stock market is up for 5  months because of him-thankyou Obama-we miss you
Trump’s turbulent summer spills over into high-stakes fall https://www.thestar.com/news/world/2017/09/02/trumps-turbulent-summer-spills-over-into-high-stakes-fall.html … via @TorontoStar
Not because of you! We are still in Obama's fiscal year you dope! Get put of Texas...we don't want you here!
Actually, 72 months in a row. #ThanksObama #ImpeachTrump
As if you had anything to do with it. What will you say when it crashes? Oh, no never mind. Hillary and Obama. It will be their fault. SAD
There are more of us than the media reports. You are doing great Mr. President!
I'm sure the people in Texas and Louisiana really don't give a shit.
yup see it on my ira - go trump - we don't believe the lies about you
You mean 7 years in a row?
Thanks Obama , for 8 years of hard work, and for bringing America back after Bush
Thanks Obama! @BarackObama
Thanks obama! #notyourfiscalyear #trashpresident
I hope those energy costs go down. Has a lot of people in my area greatly upset.
Because when tens of thousands of people's lives are in ruins,THAT's what really http://matters.You  & rich friends getting richer.
Trump: The economy's bad because taxes are too high!

Also Trump: Stocks are doing great! Jobs are great! The economy's great!

#NotOnePenny
It's going to tank because people gambled on promises you can't deliver on #failure #liar
Don't forget $BTC $ETH $LTC
They've been up 72 months in a row, you buffoon. Thanks Obama! #Impeach @CNN @potus @BarackObama #ThanksObama
Never forget Trump won the electrical votes
Because of the former president.
The stock market doesn't matter to most people
 #TheTrumpEffect
Ummm, more like 9 years in a row. You called it a bubble during the campaign!!!
Nothing to do with you.
Big man signs  [HJR 69]! No respect!!!'
Yay, more rich people making more money... </sarcasm>
And again has nothing to do with you
Thanks Obama! We all know that it's because of Obama! We love and miss you Obama!!
67 to go to reach obama!   Good work!!
Thank you President Obama!  Your intellect and leadership have gotten us to where arw today.  Sadly, now we have an idiot at the helm!
Kys

Stock Market up 8 years in a row!
What's your point?
Thanks Obama!
Thank you President Obama!!!
Thank you @BarackObama for leaving this country in such great shape. Won't be long before the current Liar in Chief screws it up.
Thanks Obama!
Which coincidentally isn't a sign of job growth, Mr. Fake businessman that couldn't cheat his way out of queens into the UES crowd.
Not because of you
Not because of you
And still your approval rating continues to go down. That's amazing!
#ThanksObama
Thank you President Obama.
P.S. You Suck
You kinda left out the part about the 2nd longest bull Mkt in US history (72mos) began after Obamas election in 2009.
In spite of your non-presidential behavior!
It's a great thing that your numbers don't start until October so you cannot take credit for this! #ResignTrump #ThanksObama
It's not you're fiscal year yet, Skippy.
78 straight months for President OBAMA!! No Trump policies -all OBAMA !!'
As if YOU had something to do with that!
