That was your baby anyways. You have been doing that show for over 15 years and then Arnold goes in . I never watched after you left!
Sad end
GROW UP, JHFC, you are worse than a spoiled child!
Arnold is a #Nazi who was involved with #HumanTrafficking my daughter & covering it up. He placed me under #Surveillance and sent two thugs to my house to threaten my life. He worked with @abelmaldonado who was promoted to Lt. Governor for helping to procure children. #Unmasking
- ARNOLD is a truly self made man unlike you donnie. and smart, well liked, handsome, viral and fit! i can understand that you're JEALOUS.
Never watched EVER because of YOU.
Arnold Schwarzenegger isn't voluntarily leaving the Apprentice, he was fired by his bad (pathetic) ratings, not by me. S...
People from all over the world love Arnold and people all over the world hate you.   Flynn will take you down  !!!!
I voted for you, do the people's business, that's what we hired you to do!!! Stop the insults!!!!
Regretting your vote yet?
Donald it's easy to take care of N. Korea. 
Common sense. 
negotiate for nukes in Japan and S. Korea.
China stop NK.
that pos show should have never been allowed to exist. Great it ended! Mindless boob tube for #Fakepresident mindless boobtube minions.
一个伟大的男人。
You are a bad guy and an awful president
Arnold was 4 times better than you could ever be.
The show was already failing with YOU as it’s star. Dated, out of touch show. That’s why you ran for president. Stop lying. We all know EVERYTHING.
The show always sucked. It's gotten much worse since it moved to DC.
The show was a prime example of how much crap one will watch when there is little else on the tube

#BeBest
WHY .....  what is it that makes you such a bitter bitter man. It seems everyday you wake up so bitter about everything.  WHY . Please think
THIS is the bullshit you're thinking about while our country burns?  THIS NONSENSE?  Seriously, it's time for you to go. #resignnow
Boring end to really trashy tv. Bad bad bad show. Its over thankfully
.@realDonaldTrump You once had an “Apprentice” with regular people, but the ratings sucked and you could only do it w/D-list celebrities.
and now celebrities won't do the show because he's attached to it
They don't do the show because it wouldn't make ratings without Trump.
last time I checked... celebrities didn't want to be associated with him due to his rhetoric
it was always a stupid show... but there are no shortage of stupid people who watch it
Well if you are slow you wouldn't understand it anyway.
Moms suggest that @realDonaldTrump be more concerned with running USA than television ratings. It's not about you 99% of time. #momsplaining
It is the job of the President to serve the people, not the job of the people to idolize you. #momsplaining
how do u like being president? Does the office feel like it's about to crumble on u?
why instead of doing that why dont you try to be the person your "sick followers" hired, remember? we are paying you
was sorry to see that it didn't work out for him and that the 2 of u are divided, hopefully that can be patched up -
mean!
don't you have more pressing issues to worry about?
why the hell is POTUS tweeting about reality TV?  Don't u have more serious issues to be concerned with?
just another example of ur immaturity & how unfit u r for ANY office!!! Good bizmen do NOT file multiple bankruptcies!!!
This, This is what you are worried about right now? Please get help Donald... wow
Grow up @realDonaldTrump 
get over it, I would rather lick my butt than ever watch any episode of the Apprentice #catbutt
Can't speak for the rest of America, but I quit watching after the first season. Bad (pathetic) "reality TV"
Nope. More like the start of a great show. Just because someone is making fun of you that doesn't mean you go on a tweeting rant about it
Such impotence watching the President of the United States tweet about this things. What an embarrassment .
the ratings are bad because of you, not the TERMINATOR! YOU'RE FIRED! Get to the CHOPPER! Vote WHEELOCK 2020
are you a fourth grader?
It was even better when it was just The Apprentice with your average American.
if only we could fire you for your terrible approval ratings. I mean seriously the worst ever. And you're ok posting this?!
false news you liar.
Who cares? Running the country is much more important.
.@realDonaldTrump  Bull roar-there IS a boycott against Things Trump
Grow up. Don't be so petty.
Ratings were bad because your name is still attached to the show, not because of Arnold.
don't think you'll be far behind him American dream#AmericanJoke
what's sad is you feel compelled to gloat. Ain't u got a country to run rather than worry about tv shows #pathetic
Oh my god, get a job. OH WAIT YOU HAVE ONE. DO IT.
you really are sick!
that show sucks.
ibbidi bibbida boobledy boo   maybe if i got some sleep i wouldn't ramble and act all crazy like the nutjob in chief
WHO THE HELL CARES ABOUT WHAT YOU WATCH ON TV SINCE YOU "ARE NO LONGER INVOLVED" IN THE SHOW?
you're the only pathetic person i see
nobody gives a f@ck.  Oh, and Arnold wasn't the problem, nutjob.
Of course he was fired, how dare he challenge you on national TV the way he did. Jerk.
Don't forget Mr. President! The white House has ratings too.
Really wasn't the same.  He rarely did fund raising and they just did free adds.  Not the same at all.
We will happily support Arnold in his next endeavor sans YOU!
Here in the Netherlands we think this guy is on Cristal meth and the people who choose him too
Who cares, except you? What a doofus so-called president!
I clearly do not ant to watch the show with him in it, sorry
But Arnold Schwarzenegger is a amazing actor tho Trump come on
Why you address minutiae did you know the nuclear armed N. Koreans are testing missiles?
forget about Arnold just do your fucking job
no he is leaving voluntarily
# why in the hell would the president of the United State. Would feel it was necessary, to comment on a TV show.
I didn't even know Arnold Schwarzenegger was still around
I'm so proud of Arnold he is a real American not like you , you are proud of your German blood !!!!!
. #RIP The Apprentice
why r u worried about a stupid TV show. Aren't u suppose to be running the country? Oh wait..is it another golf outing time
Are you not the President of the United States? Then stop hurting the office with petty Tweets. #trumpgate
Arnold was great!!
Way to focus on the country.
I thought the two of you were buddy buddy? Or was that last week?
did you ever think that the bad ratings were from you!
Who writes your Tweets?  Tell him you need a new writer.
Bad ratings = millions determined to NEVER support ANY Trump business endeavor #DumpTrump #DoYourJob #notmypresident
that's an important thing to tweet, Prez Trump. Maybe the White House should also produce apprentice now.
Like your Presidency
Sure wish you were still playing that silly role. Oh, how we wish you'd go back. #NoAltRightUSA #Russiagate
- Lying again Donald?
never a great show, only served as a mirror for you to gaze into your own eyes - narcissist trumpf
who cares about the apprentice, bad show, bad ratings, bad, bad, bad entertainment never watche
I like him BETTER than u! The, "U're terminated, and "Get to the choppa!" lines are better than ur BORING, "U're fired!"
Ugh. Please stop Tweeting. I have a case of severe cringe with every word you type (or speak). #notmypresident
WRONG!
Mr. Schwarzenegger is above this trivial t.v. show and shouldn't have taken the job to begin with.  Crappy FAKE show.
would you grow up please.
Still waiting for the "Boring" president you PROMISED us. Please. PLEASE stop tweeting!!
Did you compare the ratings to your record disapproval ratings? At least he's ruining a TV show. Sad end to a great country
Please leave your current job and go back to the apprentice- Thanks!
Hey I'm with you but please let The Apprentice go #maga
How can anyone defend @realDonaldTrump when he spends his days cyber bullying and refusing Intelligence briefings?! #NotFunny SAD
They let him off his leash Friday night thru Saturday, weekend baby sitter needed
Arnold, you rock!!!! trump, you don't!
Do you really think, as POTUS, that you should be commenting on a television show? Don't you have other things to do?
What do you expect when a failing show is off the air for years?The return is as interesting as a sack of coffee in Brazil.
I think you mr trump and Arnold should trade places. He would be 200% better at Governing. Maybe if you wernt a pathological liar
what a childishly nasty comment
I can't believe u got 108,000 likes on this post!! Lol shows what your base is!
make América grest again
...and legal immigrants are being gunned down n killed in bar n grills whilst innocently watching a basketball game....
Why is this being tweeted?  What does THIS have to do with you being president?  My gosh, STOP! STOP! STOP! PLEASE!  For We the PEOPLE!
The sheer breadth of your pettiness never ceases to amaze. #hesgotalittlelist #presidentpos
why don't you pay attention to GOVERNING instead of tweeting lies and irrelevance at 3 o'clock in the morning
you're jealous of someone who is better than you
and a slow fourth grader at that
Why are you still trying to be in the entertainment arena? Just focus on running the country, and real issues...please.
ain't you got anything better to do?
No, he really doesn't.
Be glad he at least took some time off from driving our country further into the dirt.
Do you actually realise how ridiculous you look & sound to rest of the world?
Rest of the world? Nope, same here SMH

Basically sums it up
He hasn't got a grasp on reality! X
Hmmm that's being polite ... #straightupdelusional #trumpsworld
If you look at my tweets direct to Trump, I am not generally polite. 
So I saw!   ... perpetual tantrum as he's not allowed in the very club he wants to be in #pseudocelebrity
Snowflake
hey! maybe you should resign and make the apprentice "Great Again"
I never did like that German sausage!!
Tisk, tisk, Donny. Didn't your mother tell you lying was bad? Didn't Jesus teach you lying is a terrible #sin? #Trumpcare
you really should stick to running this country,not worrying about a damn reality tv show! #clown #resist 
who cares.  Be a President.
Who care about your stupid TV program.  I have not watched 5 minutes.
delete your account
I wish someone would fire the writers at @nbcsnl. But it's too late 2 make #SaturdayNightLive Great Again  too too late!
-Here's an idea. Resign the Presidency and go back to tv. We both will be happier.
No one owns pathetic ratings better than you.  Good try though.
u are embarrassing USA stop acting like a school student grow up. Do some presidental stuff. Act like Obama. A real potus
Another one of your many tweets that have nothing to do with our country.  Do your job...
You're an angry elf, aren't you?
the things you care about as pres....
we should fire you
- No1 pathetic person=Donald Trump!!! #corruptDon
: And your ratings as president are?
Maria, did the press out Arnold's mistress household 'cause the rating is so low?
did Maria shriver come out with Arnold's mistress story because she got pressured by the media?
-muscles do not an actor make
Reality check.   Arnie was excellent.
No one wants to associate with this show because it's associated with you #trumpfuck
#lierlierpantsonfire
he was awful! Looked like the "joker"
It's all a Political backlash,thus saying it's gonna bite him in the ass.
Who gives a shit?
I bet I could do the job better than Arnold!
stupid...even arnold which by the rhymes with donald isnt safe
Who cares ???  That shouldn't be of concern at all. You have conflicts of interest.
I hate you so much.
Do you understand how approval ratings work, my friend? If not, let me clarify that yours is one of the lowest in history.
arnold ruined his image &career being a terrible nonexistent inconsistent pretender republican, vassilating views, liberal
do u understand people watched that show to laugh AT YOU..u r a joke..viewers liked to watch the train wreck that is YOU
Mr President , let the small stuff go , besides , everyone knows Gary Busey was the Star attraction !!!!! loved that guy
get one or both of your son's to do it.
no he quit YOU.
Go back and host and do what you do best
get a grip!  YOURE THE PRESIDENT OF A COUNTRY NOW!....THIS NOT REALITY TV!
Sad!
