Thanks to the ACA people with preexisting conditions can now receive healthcare.
Thanks Obama. 
At the expense of...? Emphasis on "expense"
If you or your family were ill and couldn't afford healthcare you'd be 1st online for care
Fortunately for us we're above the threshold required for OCare, rather pay the penalty than the outrageous premium
so if you're ok then screw everyone else. Very nice
..? I wouldn't want to pay for Ocare for myself let alone people I've never met. Whether you think thats 'nice' is irrelevant
You altready do that in auto insurance and home insurance. Risk sharing is the foundation of insurance. You should cancel
@realDonaldTrump 
How about this idea to secure the border. Re locate each states national guard units to the border area and let them guard it. Don't that make sense? National Guard protecting our borders. Easy solution to real problem
its for poor people .Make it http://affordable.Plus   amend like seeing your own doctor
The U.S. president who manages to pass single payer will be a historical hero for generations to come!
Go back to France if you're so damn fond of single payer. No one's stopping u. I'll even throw a couple bucks in just to get u started. 
Why so angry, aggressive and belligerent I wonder? Things not going your way? I am sending you happy vibes while singing the Smurf song!
I agree and the penalty for not having the UN affordable Care act for 2016 should be excused.
are you going to eliminate the penalty a person has to pay 2.5% of their income for not joining ACA Obama Care??????????
@RichBeck6 @realDonaldTrump
@Mangoluu without ACA my out of pocket for recent emergency would be twice my yearly income
plus a job killer & government over reach.
Out of context.
.@realDonaldTrump Maybe you need to ask real ppl who are on ACA & w/o it can die, or their kids go untreated, or lose life savings to bills.
I had a rare type of heart attack and having Obamacare saved my life. Aren't you pro-life?
ACA helps ppl! It protects ppl! 1day U wil know truth about healthcare when ur lying down dying on a hosp bed! Ur unkind!
AMEN 2 that. I lost mine, cost was just completely nuts.
ACA is NOT health care. It is a law that makes provisions for health INSURANCE for Americans so that they can get care.
Ask the people whose lives were saved if it was lousy health care.  You are such a boob
The thing is ACA (Affordable Care Act) is actually "Heritage Foundation" and about a Free Market .. We need #Participation.
Thank you for bringing this to life @BoomerStan #participation
I guess you ranting about Obamacare is better than starting wars with N. Korea.
@ least we have a president with guts and one who actually loves America! !
it is better than what we had. How are you going to improve it?
Do you plan to replace ObamaCare with the 'if something happens it happens' plan?
Natl Fed'n of Indep. Bus. v. Sebelius 567 U.S. ___ (2012)
Burwell v. Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc. 573 U.S. ___ (2014)
Also OBAMA Won Twice , without the FBI & RUSSIA Interfering 
.
.
.
#OBAMAbestPOTUS #TrumpSucks
Reminder"We the people"DIDN'T elect his KIDS 2 run OUR country.

Actually"We the people"by a majority DIDN'T elect @realDonaldTrump either.
Actually we did... by the accepted rules of both candidates prior to the election... not good enough because you lost?
where's the alternative then?
really?  He isn't even president yet and you ask where is the alternative! Today they work on repealing it.
They have no alternative. trump already said he's not repealing it. Another lie he duped you with and you fell for it
you haven't got a clue. Pay attention to what he brings to us. You can always refuse anything better
Their 'plan' to repeal delays anything new by 2 years. In the meantime healthy people drop out, sick people stay on. Insurance companies....
so why do you want Obamacare again?  Is it working for you?
It covers my cousins pre-existing condition. It made my senior relatives choice between food or medicine a non issue. I could go on.
good for you but do you ever think about the millions who don't have insurance and  can't afford it?
needs to go ASAP
Wow
and he had regular health covered he still had get that bullshit
he's right sir!
same bill different label. Tweaks and call it Trump Care. Everyone is stupid enough to believe.
it was rammed through on a partisan platform.  Both sides working together would come up with a balanced program.
You'd better have a more affordable plan ready to go on day 1as promised. The American people are going to be pissed if not
What's your plan to replace the ACA--a really big cemetery?
agree more then 100%
THANKS TO CROOKED REPUBLICAN GOVERNORS, AND GREEDY INSURANCE COMPANIES. YOU FORGOT THAT PART.
ZIPPIT AND NO MORE LIP ACTION PROPOSE A FIX FOR EVERYONE
besides@it drives up costs for all the other insurance companies that gets pasted on to working people like me.
to be clear, the ACA has absolutely no healthcare anywhere in it. It's all about bad insurance coverage.
My Insurance jumped up and I don't have Obamacare. Insurance Co have to make their money back on people like me.
Progress in effectiveness of Obamacare foiled by Repub roadblicks. Solution: charge insurance co 35% tax for raising rates
Go for it.  Toss 20 million Americans, most of whom voted for you, off of Obamacare.  We'll see how they like you then.
reform to make better then! Millions need that insurance! You and Congress share the insurance? Entitlement of the wealthy!
Liar.  Obamacare helps millions of people.
This gov responded to corporate greed offering grants to pay the difference. Are you prepared to do the same? #ResistTrump
It needs to be replaced before repealed or things will get a lot worse. 20 million people will lose their healthcare. Help!
I'm being fined for not working at company that has 50+ employees and having to choose rent and other bills over ObamaCare
It's "Democratic" not "Democrat." Democrat is a noun; Democratic is an adjective.
MY DAUGHTER'S HEALTH CARE HAS RISEN TRIPLE, HOW DOES BO THINK THAT IS AFFORDABLE???
Amen. I would. Never want any insurance. With the name. Odummass
Do NOT leave people with no coverage at all; this is potentially life-threatening to millions of our citizens.
Plus, you know perfectly well that #CongressionalGOP have no "replacement" options worth the pixels they're printed on...
U R full of BS - it works 4 so many  & stop saying it's going up 112% is it is just another one of your smoke & mirror lies
So you are going to strip away over 20 million people of their health care!! You have no plan
Really?!! Say it isn't so! Lol we all knew that from rhe,start when Obama and his staff where exempt from it!That says all
I'm self employed and definitely cannot afford my payment. #yikes.  Also, likely gonna switch to Sprint. #jobs
thank Marco rubio for gutting the subsidies he did it and knew it would cause the prices to rise
Not affordable, GREEDY INSURANCE COMPANIES raised rates, ACA had nothing to do with rate increase. Get your facts straight.
@labosugar1 he said so cz his thinking is as narrow as yours.
wee mkundu u just want to fill the air and trend OK then SLIDE

#BenedictDonald 
Why did you help fund Iranian weapons illegally? Why don't you move to Russia?
Stop sucking Putin off.
If STATES want to expand their Medicaid, fine.  But let that be on the state's tab.  OUR healthcare should be competitive.
are you saying the doctors and nurses are providing lousy healthcare?
http://CashForInvite.com/?ref=49536 
except the ACA isn't healthcare, but health insurance. Do you not know the difference?
What was his first clue...when we stayed on Hold for 3 days or when we were FINED!!!
please let us keep our ACA health care. It's affordable and has really been great for us.
doctor visits is out the roof ! Wish it would be cheaper even urgent care is so expensive
The greed of drug & insurance companies is the real problem. But you aren't about to fix any probs that involve greed.
don't go to http://DonaldJTrump.com  you might get hacked by the Russians
i checked it, lit af. https://www.virustotal.com/en/url/124146f360843a1d18cdbb20bdf852e5efff06e1b5cc22f766338af7d1d85c01/analysis/1484127252/ …
That is because the some of the insurance companies are charging large premiums but hardly any of the medical bills.
Fix it, you have nothing to replace it and your cabinet is a joke.
CAN'T WAIT FOR THE REPEAL, GET RID OF FORCED VACCINATIONS AS WELL AS LEGALIZE MARIJUANA AND ALL GOD GIVEN PLANTS THAT HELP!
Ted Cruz takes Obamacare.
premium increases were in line w/where predictions put them. Done by a 3rd party office. Ur a businessman did u research?
I did. And your information is wrong. #ThanksObama for the Affordable Care Act.
http://etsy.me/2ffbnTP 
man... Do you know how much you suck?
Yet better than the no healthcare some of us had previously.
so what's your plan?
Ask Congress to have the same healthcare as everyone else. No more special treatment for the elites.
LETS STOP ASKING CONGRRSS AND START TELLING THEM...AFTER ALL THEY WORK FOR WE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!
So give us free health care like most civilized countries. I vote to put my tax dollars there.
wroonng, !!!
Not as "lousy" as your impersonation if a human being.
He's right! Finally he's waking up! Lol
So solve the problem, don't bash the attempt. What is your plan for affordable healthcare for all? #SolveTheProblem
says the millionnaire
It's not healthcare...it's access to insurance..ways for individuals to purchase at group rates & financial help, if needed
You wouldn't know how the care is since you don't have it. Many people are happy with their ACA coverage. What will you do for them?
In one of his rare coherent moments.Progs will use it to bash the free enterprise system and demand socialized medicine.
Everyone in our country deserves healthcare!!  The Affordable Care Act was a step in the right direction.
and being fined for not being able to afford ins is criminal.
states that opted out of the extended Medicaid program don't have the subsidies to offer customers of lower income.
yeah. We have been saying that from the beginning. Hope you get something to replace it soon. Don't listen to Pelosi.

bullshit.
Needs tweaks, yes.  Does not need to be repealed...get off your high horse!
It is affordable and extremely efficient
Taken out of context.
Dont tell me there are not vital provisions in ACA to fight for! My baby is living proof!
Don't scrap/kill the #ACA . Make Obama Care Better. Millions of Americans rely on the ACA, Give Americans Health Insurance
MN Gov has to be frustrated-largest insurer home based there & doesn't even sell individual policies outside of Obamacare
Oh yeah! Crappy. I had a tooth pulled on 11/23 and it's still open, bleeding over a month later. Horrible.
liar.   Show taxes.  Tell truth.  Stop the manic ego stroking tweets,
Obama are must be repealed.
anyone can make claims with no evidence.  What is his basis? Why do you pass things on with no back up?
...Yup, thats the WHOLE truth!
#teamtrump
I seriously doubt the Gov. of Minnesota gets his insurance off the exchange. He doesn't know how many ppl depend on it.
No healthcare at all is the cheapest option.
If the healthcare is lousy we need to re-educate doctors and nurses. Insurance is money, healthcare is curing people
Donnie, when used as an adjective, the word is Democratic. #usethebestwords
Obamacare would've been great healthcare had Republicans been compromising. Make it better w Bipartisanship cooperation.
@DonaldPrezTrump I don't a see #Obamacare as ever being affordable . It was a scam
thanks to the ACA and Montana Governor Bullock's choice to implement it, I pay $46 a month for the best h/c I've ever had.
Premiums for family coverage offered by employers rose 3 percent from 2015 to 2016, the Kaiser Family Foundation found. So!
this is from Oct, I believe. He was calling for reform, not throwing it out. Lots of ppl are insured now who weren't before
Remember you are #notmypresident
some of us RELY on this health care! Please have an alternative before you repeal ACA!!!
don't talk about what you don't know...Shoot that means you'd have to shut up forever..Ooh..That would be a good thing
.@realDonaldTrump The only thing is lousy and Americans can't afford is you. The orange little man with a big mouth and no balls. Go away
he's right
Obamacare has contributed to declining abortion rates, conservatives should love that.
it is not lousy healthcare.
Obama fixed America
This a fake troll account. We are suppose to give credibility to someone who obsesses all things Taylor Swift.
right. Still waiting for your alternate plan. Surely you can tweet it.
Affordable? Someone should sue them for false advertising.
If Trump said it it must be a lie
Surely you asked someone outside of the government? Perhaps one of your voters who need their insurance?
Can you not get better advice? Whoever is chatting the most and loudest get rid of them, good place to start! Suggestion2
Ain't that some $hit coming from you! Your employees have coverage provided by you? Don't bother answering
.@realDonaldTrump what's your solution? Your big on criticism but have no answers to the problem.
in absence of OC the uninsured will use ER as their PCP. Insurance rates will rise. Hospital systems will fail.
blert
Repeal without a plan is probably the stupidest thing you have ever considered. Go back to the old Way?!!! #DUFUS-elect.
But better than no healthcare...
America is anxiously awaiting the announcement of SECRET plan to replace with "something terrific". NOT holding my breath !
アイディアはよくてもうまくいかないことが多いらしいですし。
why not fix it? Easier than coming up with something else, since it's a Republican plan in the first place.
also, can we go a year, maybe two, without having Tricare go up?
You are so funny. Now you take the word of a Dem that supports your position. Your voters that need it will still be mad.
DTS
smartest thing he has said since being Gov.
I still don't like Daytona. (Baby Huey)
It's GREAT healthcare! You're just trying to fuck the middle class and LIE until you've accomplished that. Try us.
#Traitor
So what is your plan, tell us now, not never!
Order up to erase one, shitty 8 year history of stupidity.
exactly!  Cheaper to pay the fine than buy it! Believe in u Sir, God's blessings on u and your family for this sacrifice
Again Donald, not true. #acaworks #aca #health #healthcare #liar #ProtectOurCare
So now you speak for all taxpayers? I don't mind paying more if it helps others less fortunate than I.
Cheaper than paying out of pocket expense for treatment for illnesses and hospital.  Lot of people are going to die!
How about single payer which we know is the system that works the best in most economically sound countries of the world!
How would you know?
Even Slick Willy said it was the craziest thing he had ever seen! Remember we have to pass it to see what's in it...Crazy!
hey don't talk about my state! We didn't vote for you! Mind your own business!
now- they have Obama care which does pay cost and distribute costs-- but lousy?? They were not able to get into SNFs
It saved my wife's life.  Twice.  Would that lousy were always such a blessing.  What alternative are you proposing?
Please don't conflate healthcare (US has amazing) with Obamacare (debacle)-the left use words to confuse. End their deceit.
The US has a worse health care system than any similarly developed nation. The ACA is a step towards fixing it.
'ranking' is skewed by our obese and unhealthy population. Not the quality of our Drs. and nurses- my point
I'm sure they try hard, but the lack of universal access renders that moot. @realDonaldTrump
The ACA was a first step towards fixing the US health-care system. It was in no way a “debacle”. @realDonaldTrump
WRONG! over 67% of Americans want ObamaCare and 30M people will be left without any health care if repealed.
Without Affordable Care Act, I would be dead and my three children by adoption would be orphans AGAIN.
It is also the only thing thousands of Americans have. Back to the ER for primary health care. Hmm, wonder why costs go up?
Why is it lousy healthcare?  What's wrong with it?  You just spew hatred and negativity with no real ideas.  Scum!
I couldn't agree more! My cousins Medical insurance with him & his family went up to 4800$ a yr & imp. to meet deductibles!
"And, it is lousy healthcare."  Can you elaborate on that?  I'm curious.
I hope that u heard Democratic Majority Leader threatening U? U are not president yet & they attack you already. Stand tall
don't keep saying it's bad. Tell us how u plan to make it better. It's easy to tweet negative. Ur an angry man.
Thanks to Republicans defunding the risk pool and scaring off competition in healthcare, yes.
we are looking
OH I don't know about that.  It definitely works but you have to revamp it some..........which I doubt you can do.
And he was a major supporter/promoter of the bill so it took a lot for him to admit that Obamacare is not what was promised
For me it's the only affordable option & it's wonderful healthcare with top doctors. Talk to more people, not politicians.
All insurances are a 'business.'  Please make it affordable--Obama really screwed the people. NO penalty payment --no insur
My wife got a new job & insurance for just her costs $550 month the job pays $10 an hr, chose to wait till you repeal ACA
the people paying for health care for poor cant affor HC anymore
Feds job is security of our borders! That's it! All other issues are for States to resolve & fund! Each State self-reliant!
Go after the insurance company's. They are draining so much out of the middle class..
you are gonna kill us all if you repeal it
Insurance Companies greed must be contained.  They rob us.Americans must have affordable health care. Keep and improve AHC.
Our health care  total out of pocket cost should not exceed  3% of our adjusted gross income.
and yet you plan to keep the majority of it. Could it be because @realDonaldTrump does not have a plan?
....and watch the Trump Train pour the coals to it! Looks like we need to print out some hurt feelings reports!
BULLS HIT IT IS HEALTHCARE FOR PEOPLE THAT CAN'T GET IT ANYWHERE ELSE, THE DEATHS OF THOUSANDS WILL BE ON YOUR HEAD #GOP
come on come on there you go
ur lousy. Can we get rid of u?
*healthcare is lousy and was never? affordable in the US. We need to prioritize value/quality and preventative medicine
get out of the Trans-Pacific trade deal and get better mess cheaper!
Meds*
