why doesn't Sessions sue Pelosi and Schumer for defamation of character..sue them
@DavidYankovich @DavidYankovich Says the guy whose favorite book is Mein Kampf
I don't think you read it Vlad Trump
you read?
go back to sleep
हिन्दुस्तानियो का ध्यान रखे अमेरिका को अमेरिका बनाने में इंडिया के लोगो का बहुत सहयोग है
GETTING IT TODAY PRESIDENT TRUMP

the country can only get better if our president starts reading. #RIF
.@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends
How's that super secret plan to defeat ISIS in your first 30 days coming along?
What cable channel did you hear that on? @foxandfriends
The DemoRat's are scared Shitless - Your Popularity Is Rising & They Can't stand It.
Demorats are Dead 

and people like u...So Called Americans

the best! An awesome person!
is Stephen miller now in charge of this mans twitter acct? Address Sessions recusal & kushners contact w 
I didn't know you read books.  For reals?
I agree. It's not a right to come here it's a privilege! Our laws r broken  & innocent people r murdered. This must stop.
this Dominguez house is with you Mr. President.   you have a great day
There is no way you read a book, not even on World Book Day.
The mindless trolls are out today.
you made that SEAL wife a widow
..Need MAKERS not TAKERS.
.@GMA Dowd made a prediction & said the President winning would B the Giants beating the Rangers on the ice
We know you don't read,  so you must have heard a 30 second review on Fox News right?
who read that for you?
you didn't read it!  FFS
It will also make Americans work harder
OMG! U read a book???? My guess is no. Have you read the constitution yet?? #Trumprussia #penceEmails #TrumpTreason
Time to start arresting and jailing these obama holdovers before they derail your admin
SNL getting greater all the time, thanks Comrade
Did you read it? I thought you made it clear u didn't like to read books.

for the last time,taxes only show income and deductions,it doesn't show businesses names.
shows income.
YES! We read books, but only the BEST BOOKS, like the BIBLE and the BIBLE PART II, also known as ART OF THE DEAL!
We read books about IMMIGRATION, too! And we recommend them to our supporters, who are people who READ A LOT (like us)!
They read SO MUCH that they just KNOW that the use of the apostrophe is TOTALLY OVERRATED!
Who needs the APOSTROPHE anyway, right? We all know who the book REALLY belongs to! To the President, KEEPER OF ALL BOOKS!
That's why we call all good books THE PRESIDENTS BOOKS! But ONLY the really good books! Not the bad books! Those are SAD!
But seriously, whats with APOSTROPHES anyway? Wasnt it enough to have just one? LUKE was good. But then MARK came along...
And dont forget about MATTHEW and that guy JOHN who wrote MORE than the others - just didnt know when to QUIT! SAD!
Stupid APOSTROPHES! Coastal elites use them! They think its only THEM who read books! But WE read, too! MORE THAN THEM!
Nick Adams new book, Green Card Warrior, is a must read. The merit-based system is the way to go. Canada, Australia! @fo...
박근혜대통령님은 한국남한을 사랑합니다. 이명박 대통령님과 박근혜 대통령님은 한국과 미국을 사랑합니다. 김대중은 북한간첩인데 임기5년을 전부 채웠습니다.
.@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Canada also allows immigrants!
Why not migrate to Canada?
Instead of dishing them out for no apparent reason, please write in real sentences.
롯데와 이마트와 삼성 이재용은 애국자입니다. 북한간첩 촛불세력들이 롯데를 싫어하는 이유는 롯데가 미국과 한국을 사랑하기때문입니다. 롯데는 애국자기업입니다.
한국안에는 많은 북한 간첩들이 민주주의단체를 만들고 촛불집회를 하고 있습니다. 북한간첩들이 거짓 민주주의 단체를 만들고 촛불집회와 노동조합시위를 하고 있습니다.
베트콩?!베트콩이 베트남에 잠입했던것처럼 한국도 그렇습니다. 지금도 북한간첩들이 애국자인 박근혜대통령님을 탄핵시켰습니다. 한국은 민주주의가 사라졌습니다. 박근혜 대통령님은 나라를 사랑하는 애국자입니다.
Dear. Donald Trump president please help south korea.. 한국은 지금 북한 간첩들이 장악하고 있습니다. 북한 간첩 노무현과 북한간첩 김대중,  북한간첩 문재인은 간첩입니다.
촛불재판은 북한의 인민재판이랑 똑같습니다. 박근혜대통령님은 한국을 사랑하는 국민들이 투표해서 당선되셨습니다.그런데 친북촛불사람들이 박근혜대통령님을 강제탄핵시켰습니다. 북한로동신문은 촛불사람들에게 탄핵을 지시했습니다.
ha ha ha, Poor, illiterate,Trump,, you can sign letter, can tweet, arrogantly,, but the law is highest place
Please south korea... 북한의 위협으로 부터 미국은 남한을 지켜줬습니다. 저는 미국 사람들에게 항상 고마운 마음과 존경심을 가지고 있습니다. 한국이 발전하고 한국이 존재 할수 있었던건 미국이 있었기때문
I love me my Fox! Got to get myself a copy!
촛불사람들의 고향은 모두 전라도 사람들입니다. 그리고 실체는 북한간첩입니다. 북한 간첩 촛불의 실체를 꼭 밝혀주세요.
The merit system should motivate immigrants to want to be productive citizens.Many of my Hispanic friends were motivated to get their citizenship because of @realDonaldTrump just so they could vote for him.The productive prospective citizens don’t want to go back they get it
저는 미국을 믿고 있습니다. 미국이 한국에 있는 북한 간첩들의 실체들을 밝혀주는 유일한 희망입니다.박근혜대통령님은 나라를 위해서 일하신분입니다.박근혜대통령님은 애국자입니다. 촛불사람들은 북한간첩 전라도 사람들입니다.
-존경하는 미국 트럼프대통령님에게-한국의 국민들은 민주주의 투표로 박근혜대통령님을 대통령으로 뽑았습니다.그런데 공산주의 북 촛불사람들이 박근혜대통령님을 강제 탄핵시켰습니다.
Heard your description of a merit-based system tonight and cried for joy! Yes! I love you President Trump!
help South Korea... candlelight people north korea spy. candlelight people유병언문재인김대중노무현김대중은 북한 핵발전에 도움을 줬던 간첩입니다.
김대중은 이름을 여러번 바꿨습니다. 김대중과 노무현과 문재인은 간첩이라는 사실이 여러번 확인됐었습니다. 북한 간첩들을 풀어줬던 사람은 김대중,노무현,문재인이였습니다. 문재인은 과거 노무현사람입니다.
Don't pretend you know how to read.
Come on. You don't read.
You can read, Donald? Try reading the constitution.
thank you great president!
Green Eggs and Ham a must read!
Tell that to the children being ambushed by ICE agents
I have a suggestion as to what you can do with your meritocracy.
how much is fox paying you to mention them over and over again
Dude, u can't manage to read a book (5 bullet points all u are willing to tackle) NO to ur recommendations.
You don't read.
P.s. don't say Canada.  As a Canadian I can say we don't want the name of our great country on your lips.
Why is Trump SO afraid? Obama NEVER SHOWED ANY FEAR!!!
*Nick Adams' new book
as if we believe you have ever read a book. Good one, Drumph!
That is not in place in Canada now.  Trudeau threw it all out and is letting anyone in.
What?  He reads??  Or is this a book Melania reads to you?
I am glad you read. #lazy
have you actually read it or just vomiting back up what you heard on @FoxNews
you actually read? Or was it an audible version?
well we know one book trump supporter won't burn at the next trump book club
then how do you know what it's about
do NOT suggest that Canada is anywhere ahead of you on your evil path, you walking nightmare.
 you read?!? #hearby @foxandfriends
You read?
omg....You actually read a book!!!!!.Probably not.
same as Obama suggested in his immigration reform, but being white will be one of your required merits.
$5,000 for an Immigration Attorney after being approved for a green card, without trying to enter illegally.
Did you sound out the big words?  Were there lots of pictures? #Trump
lol, Like anyone believes that Trump has ever read a book.
So, tell me, what was the book about?  Quotes?  Your synopsis? When did you read it?
we should use the merit based system for president you never would've even made it through electoral college
.@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Wait! U can read?? I don't think so. #impeachTrumpnow
Go after Hillary. She is a criminal. Also, the SF JUDGE THAT LET THE ILLEGAL ESCAPE!
we know that you have a 2nd grade reading level
Donald Trump make showcase of Carryn Owens at why you up last want mention your guests to people
you cannot promote things sir, your President
Crazy old coot! U know you don't read books!
You read a book?
merit based makes sense but limited numbers we are nearing overpopulation take care of citizens 1st
@veganvecoh @foxandfriends i will get that book and read it.im also buying your book
Yes, it is the best way.  NO MORE ANCHOR CHILDREN.  Illegal families have to go together.
You'd only let rich people in?  Only your own race, the People of Cheeto?
no advertising it's against the law
the ignorant liberals on here are pathetic. Thank GOD they have no power but to complain
you read?
Nope no thanks. Anything you or @foxnews recommends I have no interest in reading...FAKE BOOK!!!
there are all kinds of things you can learn if you just apply yourself. A 2nd grade book list is a start.
@cnn. Isn't this illegal for aPresident to  do?
Are you incapable of independent thought or are you just a mouth-piece for Bannon and Foxnews??
Please please they are killing us on Dailly bases
fill ALL YOUR POSITIONS & FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT DEMOCRATS ARE UNITED IN YOUR DESTRUCTION.  Stand by AG SESSIONS
How would you know, I remember you don't read books.
Really? I am surprised you know how to read! or did someone read it to you?
Really? Plenty of opinions that its not as well.
Does Sergey read it as a bedtime story to you each night?
110% support the idea. #MAGA
Please use complete sentences.
I agree with Migrant worker visa. They want to work here and go home to family. I agree. #MAGA
Funny you are recommending a book you didn't read.
Like anyone would believe you've read anything. Loloolol.  You're funny.
You've never read a book or a newspaper in your miserable life. A Fox friend or Bannon gave you the idea.SAD
Donald - are you pretending you actually read this book?  What a joke!
Dear President Trump. As an Australian, were not proud of our refugee history. We usd 2 b a symbol of hope.
I agree
ha ha ha. Now you're trying to tell us that Donald Trump reads? And books at that. Longer than 1 page?  haha
and you read?
Like you know how to read...pfft!
Did you actually read the book or just the cover?  Not even close to being a good example. #resist
@CNN At least get facts correct. Both countries have merit-based immigration but allow non-merit refugees.
You can read?!? I thought you only read comic books, and dirty magazines for the pictures.
You do know they both accept refugees &I provide free healthcare &a education, right?!!
We all know that you didn't actually read a book. Ever. You've never read a book in your life.
We have free health care for EVERYONE
Maybe you can send us the summary you got. We all know you don't actually read books.

As of the end of February the debt was $12 billion MORE than when POTUS took office. Would you like media coverage now? https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/835479283699224576 …
peddling books on the side? Stay classy Comrade.
My gosh, when do you ever find time to read with all you're accomplishing? So proud of you Sir
You do know there are other sources of information than television, right?
LOL.
.Know that you haven't read the book. 
are you seriously promoting a book? And fox and friends? Holy crap.
yes it is.
I'll give you credit, unlike your previous tweets about books, this one isn't so obviously by or about you.
You actually read a book that wasn't about you? Oh, wait, someone read it and gave you a recap.
You read books?
You are proof that evolution CAN go in reverse.
Ah yes, only allow those who can buy their way in, rather than protecting the most vulnerable innocents.
Come on, admit it. You can't read.
Good try, but we all know you can't read above a third-grade level.
Both have way too much per capita immigration.  We should NOT copy them.
You don't govern Australia, don't tell us how to do our job.
that will stop high skilled immigrants from leaving USA and working for competing economy.
You're recommending books? Do u even read bruh?
. I  hope it's a coloring book so your UNEDUCATED WHITE RACIST FOLLOWERS can comprehend it. U should b reading a thesaurus.
Pass HR 392 towards the merit-based system. #HR392
Canada has other things going for their citizens- like single payer healthcare and cheaper pharmaceuticals.
Did you actually read it?
you haven't read a book since "All Quiet on the Western Front". Who is using your phone?
you tagged your friends at Fox. You're obviously getting a commission for each copy sold then?
