
Correction: Comey's memos did not have top secret info. The report says half were classified at secret or confidential level, not top secret
It doesn't matter classified is classified.That's a crime. U go to prison..
Do they go to prison now?
Multiple current and former White House officials have used private email for official administration correspondence http://cnn.it/2k0lFva  
WOW!Comey was an entire political hack that has NO credibility.  It is disgusting he leaked yet alone used the Dossier for any real investigation. The @FBI was forever tainted by him & McCabe. Now knowing DNC paid for it, and FBI offered to, there is no excuse not to #FireMueller
#Comey is a #politicalhack. He even changed his religion to fit with the usual Methodists in power at @FBI  #ComeyGate
Scarmucci is great
Lordy, Lordy...Time to nail his frumpy, fake Boy Scout buttocks to the wall. Enough with the faux Ward Cleaver charade. #ComeyIsDirty
James Comey is a #DirtyBird
#ComeyLeaks #JamesCoverupComey 
#CoverupComey James Comey Lied to Congress to the American People to the Press. Comey is a Liar and a Leaker

Sessions out & Legalize marijuana,  tax it! Sessions too old to value marijuana acknowledgements
You are obviously afraid of the people who don't bow to you, and they aren't going away.
And now he is going 2 make millions writing a book. Typical turncoat. There was a time I felt he was forced 2 let Hillary off & was in pain
I don't care about classification period!  Former FBI director who was in charge of finding Leakers, Leaked documents himself!  Hypocrisy!
Hypocrisy is the certainly an apt description
#imabrainwashedhypocrite
You are so silly.
I agree with you, they need to go pick him up... he's not above the law.
Just wow
EITHER U WERE AN F.B.I DIRECTOR 
AT THAT TIME 
OR A TEENAGE GIRL WRITING IN YOUR DIARY
DERPA DERP 
THIS SNAKE
WILLFITDOWNDRAINNICELY
#MAGA
Jail cell with ur name on it Comey!
Less of this.
Comey is a true treasonous sabator, he leaked confidence but didn't have to seek Asylum in a Rouge country? Maybe he should have
When is Comey arrested?You complain because you're doing nothing about it?
Report accuses material James Comey leaked to a friend contained top secret information 
Sources?
Liars
Color Mueller RED
Get emmmm
It's an outrage that he's not in handcuffs.
I agree Trump should be...

#imafuckinghypocrite
Who was the friend, Maureen Baginski? http://youtu.be/iIpfWORQWhU 
He's almost as crooked as Hillary!
After letting her slide, he IS just as crooked!  Well, on second thought...
AG Sessions do your job & lock him up for treason 
Guys!  I don't use twitter much but read through 100+ tweats and I just can't believe that people are so hateful.  It's not constructive.
Our country has a great future but we are fighting the biggest threat since ww2.  We need to pull together.
WHY are these people, Comey, Lynch, Clinton, and others still NOT in prison where they belong? SHAMEFUL. R we watching another COVER UP?
The members of the Clinton and Obama Crime Syndicates need to be arrested charged prosecuted convicted and hanged or shot by firing squad!
Fox & Friends had to correct this LIE on air and State this was an Inaccurate Statement.  But they did not delete the tweet.  Shocker!
I can report on complete lies as well as FOX. Fact checking is a skill they lack or incapable of doing
Fox you made an official apology on this matter why don't you delete this news
It actually did NOT say classified. Try reading up on facts rather than only watching Fox Fake News to boost your confidence.
2 friends in the FBI.  Word from them is they trust Comey and not the President.  They admit they voted for him and regret it completely
Wrong on TOP SECRET, wrong again ...
@realDonaldTrump Not Top Secret!!!  FAKE NEWS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
exactly what was marked classified at the time of release?
Fox had to retract this

Comey is a 14 year old lost in his own world
When FOX ENTERTAINMENT stops lying they will only have 10 year old Comedy Channel -Colbert Report Panda bear stories left
Can u tell the whole truth about anything??  Judge peerino I guess is running trumps legal team. Be next court justice. Couldn’t even get a career as a she is not competent to do anything it lie.
REMOVE YOUR INACCURATE COMEY TWEET!  Worry about #TrumpRussia. Try 2 follow facts #FoxNewsLiars #Liars #BadReporting #FakeFoxNews #FakeNews
REMOVE YOUR INACCURATE COMEY TWEET!  Worry about #TrumpRussia. Try 2 follow facts #FoxNewsLiars #FakeNews #Liars #BadReporting #FakeFoxNews
Why don't you delete this tweet, since it is inaccurate? #FakeNews #FoxFakeNews #FakeFoxNews Fox News sucks at reporting facts. Always a lie
Telling & repeating lies, Donnie, doesn't make them true. It makes you an obvious LIAR who is unworthy of respect from anyone.
Having FOX report lies doesn't make them true either Donald. The fact that you WATCH FOX makes you obviously stupid though.
and put hillary and obama in prison to and mc cain to and soros
the people of America won't this man put in prison for lying for hillary clinton about all the emails and all the other stuff she has done
No it didn't But nice try Some of us are tired of your new shiny objects
Trumps Fox & Freaks constantly contribute nonsense to the marketplace of ideas and debate.
Jail his ass. TRAITOR TO CONSERVATIVE AMERICANS
Now THAT is fake news
Coward
BUSTED Comey
If his recollection of what is and isn't classified is any indication! His recollection in his memos is WORTHLESS!
EXACTLY!
Comey is a POS, just like a lot of them in Washington are
@realDonaldTrump And just why isn't he behind bars yet?
distractions are alive
its true, a fbi employee can not leak any information.
Trump your son in law and son did the same
Memorialization? If I spelled it wrong sorry I didn't even know it was a word
Shame on Comey
It's only one reason why his firing was the right thing to do.
If you & I would do what the people in politics do, we would be in jail tomorrow. That is a fact, this is absurd. So suck it up #Hannity
Top secret or classified?
Y'all had to retract your lies. Shane Shane shame!!!!!!
Iiar!
do you ever validate your 'facts'.  He leaked one memo...no top secret data.  Do your research!
Once again... Fox, the purveyor of #FakeNews, will ask for a do over.  This story and so many before reflect their flavor of ethics.
Go figure

Why isn't fox talking bout this? Today they sound like CNN????
What about your son making deals with Russia for information on HRC. Comet did nothing wrong.
Oh from fox and friends.opinion tv
#GITMO
...thought of the way they are.
Comey is such a total disgrace to the United States of America along with the Clinton's. I would hate to think that I was ...
arrest him
And Donny Jr.met with the Russians to get information on Hillary which is an act of 
TREASON!
So why is he not in jail? It's looks like it's who you know goes a long way to keep you from paying for your crimes
Good! It's the best way to expose serial liar Trump! Are you afraid of the truth??
Yes, it does. The secret is, Donald Trump has small hands. Now the whole world knows!

This was our FBI DIRECTOR,  whose illegal actions would have been encouraged had Donald Trump not become President!God only knows what else.
fake news
Lies! "Fake News"!
Liars and Faux News!  You are all nothing but liars and hopefully, some of you will go down with the so called president.
More diversion from what Americans really want to know..The truth? When you defend the lies, you contribute to fake news
Comey needs to be held accountable!
you literally have nothing...don't you. Grabbing at straws, will fox and friends be meeting with Russia as well for information. lol idjits

It truly shows the strength and fortitude of the United States when we are still standing after nearly being destroyed by the DEMS since 06!
These radical elites are so insane that they actually think they are above the law
The people that really run this country are untouchable, even when crimes are committed before the entire world
There are lies, there are damn lies, and then there are Donny's tweets!
REALITY WINTER NSA LEAKER JAILED...... JAMES COMEY FBI DIRECTOR SAME CRIME WALKING FREE......????????
Sexual harasser Fox calling other people for breaking the law, really???
Fake news on Fox
oh by the way you should have been fired long before Trump became
President
buy buy Comey
MUELLER get him for obstruction of justice along with Loretta Linch JUST LET THEM SIT IN JAIL and see if their tongues loosen
thos mutt os bought and paid for like lynch
SO will anyone hold COMEY accountable?? OR is it 'business as usual' in DC ?
Fox retracted this becaus3 it is not true.
buy buy COMEY 1
That's a lie, and you know it.
Lock him up with hillary. Fire ryan and mcconnell
It's one of those, "say matter". Type of deals.
Comet is just a tall idiot!
Comey's friend came  out, made a statement saying the doc was  not classified. Detract your lies,  how much does  Trump pay for  those?
This, FOX news, is a sham and a lie. Comey gv a friend an UNCLASSIFIED document as a private  citizen. This is NOT illegal. Stop lying 4 DJT
Trump leaked to the russians, in the oval office!!
a report by FAUX News?
But Hellery can do it and it's okay
FAKE NEWS
https://twitter.com/cafedotcom/status/884901943843274752 …
How fake news can you get! You people have reached a new low!
Sessions needto call a Grand jury to indict all of them from Obama on down to crooked Comey
Tired of Administration being to clean  wimpy.
JAIL COMEY NOW
throw the fool in jail!
BS
Incorrect. No top secret info released. This is a trump deflection tactic.
Comey is the one who needs to be investigated....
Is @realDonaldTrump going to retract this tweet since fox had to go back and correct it? Probably not. #FakeNewsFox
You support a monster who would have his son take the fall for him as to divert attention from himself. Youll be the next CNN
He has earned jail time!
Unlike Comey, Senators while interviewing Wray can't figure out who's side he's on.
Pants on fire!!!
This is the real FAKE NEWS. Have them prove it.
Have you fired the journalists responsible?... oh wait..you are @FoxNews @rupertmurdoch doesn't hire journalists.. @SkyUK bust Bcoz of THIS
traitor
Retracted, Donny. Retracted.
Send him to prison!
so @Foxnews has become the state propaganda machine no wonder you  dropped fair and balanced for #Crooked and will lie for cash

The W.H. is functioning perfectly, focused on HealthCare, Tax Cuts/Reform & many other things. I have very little time for watching T.V.
Fake news! Retracted! SAD.
Another Obama criminal appointee gets away with mishandling our nation's secret information.  No consequences for their actions, WRONG!
So what's being done about it?  NOTHING!
#FakePresident
No corruption you might reveal on Comey could come even close to the corruption running rampant in your own administration.
They've apologized for their mistake regarding this report--no top secret info. How about you clear the air too?
More faux garbage
Loser President with lowest ratings ever.  Stop spreading #Fakenews,
Fake news
Big, FAT #lie from #FauxNews
No, this is a lie, the memo Comey gave his friends had no classified information. Stop lying Fox faux News. Withdraw this story.
Why are the liberals so concerned with Donald Jr. rather than the illegal actions of the Obama and the Clintons. Selective Outrage. Phony.
But it wasn't
This story was treated by fox.  Get your stories straight.
Keep reaching... He was FBI Director really you think he wouldn't know how to do that simple task. He is not a Trump
What a crock
I smell an immunity deal for the head of Lynch.  Great plan!
Get him and Mueller behind bars!!
There's a smell of desperation in the air this morning :)
Lock him up!
Comey is NOT what I call patriotic in any way. He is slimy

They admitted this was incorrect. Why haven't you?
HAHAHA  False.  It was not "Top Secret."  It was his personal notes.  nice try, but a fail as is usual with anything Trump does.
Let's stop investigating and start incarcerating
That's Comeycal.
#Comey only leaked his own unclassified memos

Wikileaks Exposes It Was HILLARY Who Met Secretly with a Foreign Ambassador. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inZCiimQJac … 
FOX NEWS APOLOGIZED FOR ITS FAKE NEWS STORY!!!!
No.  it was neither classified nor illegal.
Your son's meeting with Russia to get dirt on Hillary -- THAT was illegal.
More treason, CHARGES????

Why do we allow the admin. that gave blanket immunity to High Crimes #McCabe #Clinton etc,investigate to set up our @POTUS ? @GOPoversight 
@realDonaldTrump REAL FAKE NEWS
This is fake news
So glad I don't watch FakeFoxNews. 90% other news sources say differently - with proof. But not FakeFoxNews. Too bad Trump listens to them.
FAKE NEWS, who's getting fired for spreading that lie about Comey?
Hey@ RealDonaldTrump:THIS is fake news.
When will he be arrested and charged for his release/leaks of classified information?   How long will an arrest take?
Lock up Comey!
Paul Ryan would be alarmed at seeing those sexy shoulders!  Tsk, tsk...
Do you people find it odd that FOX news is the ONLY media that constantly argues things that are bad press for Prezzy Donny?
@realDonaldTrump  Fake News
