Yes, but instead the Republicans are drafting a bill to save Mueller.

Getting tired of this crap.

I’m making my list for voting.
Respectfully sir to effect real change its time for term limits for Congress. You must drain the swamp. Career politicians have demonstrated that their #1 priority is to pander to their base. Keep fighting the good fight.
The American people have waited long enough. There has been enough talk and no action for seven years. Now is the t… htt...
Yep
Get um' straight Donald. You make me proud to be an American again it's about time. Thanks for your hard work. I see your vision and agree 
One day we will all wake up and realize what we are doing. That day we will stop killing each other in the name of progress.
Stay strong
Thank You POTUS!  We The American Patriots Love You Sir!  May God Bless You and Keep You! MAGA!  Praying!
*  No families of colour? Are they not real families?
Mr.obama was better than you
President Trump it's my pleasure to welcome you to Arizona. My hospitality as a business owner is to welcome you.
Trump care reported worse than obama care... quest he lied even here. Going to be impeached as worst president in history.
Chicken lil. REP
We have 8 yrs ..
we need it we need to change
Trump do what you got to do to change your world
Call them back from a vacation they do not deserve
White racist!
You're right! We need action now! We need to impeach your tiny penises orange @ss! Trump for immediate prison sentence!
So true,watch Alex J interview George Stone. McMaster is bad connection w Soros. He is an enemy!
Show the  world
Donald Trump, reconsider your move to abolish the American lottery
You meant 8 yrs right?... FYI each presidency lasts 4 yrs.
President Trump, you are a True Old Schooler, where shaking a man's hand was your word, and where your word is your Honor.  I trust you Sir.
@GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP Y'all have screwed the People long enough! Promise what you preach & get ur butts' in a chair & negotiate with DNC
isn't that just what ur twitter feed is though, all talk and no action
And you pugs had 7 years to come up with a replacement and you fail BIGLY  BIGOTS!


Action against you and your family...yes!
Everyone call 202-224-3121 and tell your congressman to stop stealing from the American people. Repeal Obamacare. One plan for all.
Repeal Obamacare now. Shame on the congressmen and women who pit the tab for their healthcare on the American working people. SHAME on you
Stop the corruption. Write an order to end the perks of Obamacare for our Senators and Reps. The insurance plan should be for them too
President Trump end the elite perks in Obamacare for the Senators and Representatives. They are not a small business that is dishonest.
President Trump please sign an order to dossolve the House and Sennate from being a small business and taxpayers having to pay for them.
President Trump please sign on exec order to end the elite insurance perks of the Reps And Senators under Obamacare. Why should we pay?
*throws 24 million Americans off of insurance* America is back to its great days folks! Believe me.
We love u pray for u and stand with you! @realDonaldTrump

The children R hot&tired. Why don't you let them sit. Only because you're standing it doesn't mean they have to suffer in the spotlight too.
*US-American where are you right now? Exactly...
1,000 tweets in six months, at least 40 golfing trips, and no legislation passed?  Failure on Obamacare?
Yes sir
Donald trump is a traitor to this our country. He will be the first President in history to be put in prison
坐等分裂的USA
Hayyy
Forgive Mr President for my potty mouth,  bringing Kelly in was brilliant,  love ur family but dems bugged them & others, Seal WH 100%. LOL!
Anyone that thinks Obamacare is a good thing.. is an IDIOT! Those that choose not to vote on debating the repeal and replce are DONE in 2018
Mr President,  NOT TIME TO DRAIN SWAMP, ITS TIME TO FLUSH THE TOILET
Why don't you do a Town Hall and answer people's questions about what you want to do with healthcare?
President, the globalist could not push Russia into war, so now they pushing N. Korea. Chaos, then antichrist peacemaker.
Trump you are a bad man you need to get out  now.
Hi
AMEN Mr President!  GO FIX THIS MESS OBAMA MADE.  ILLEGALS GONE.  Welfare moochers GONE. DISRESPECT of law and Military, an Police, GONE!
I think we need a "swamp" rating for congressmen.  I suggest a 1-5 turd rating that they must live with for swampish behavior.
Yep, time to kick your butt out.
Donald Trump you are slowly sinking
Donald is full sh@!. Arrogant B@#$&d
Phui
If the traditional Republicans screw this up, it will be the end of the establishment party.
You're just not PRESIDENTIAL,  or intelligent. You're AMORAL & ABRASIVE & hated by millions....
Even I can't conceive how much Congress lies! If I was trump I get my own radio station +TV station as media will never be fair 2an outsider
Time for you to step down

Love everything you do for America! Thanks for representing all walks of life, including those who resist! You are Together we will MAGA!
Trump wants a win.  Couldn't care less HOW it hurts millions.  Need to pass POLICY that benefits Americans & fixes problems.
Majority of voters want to KEEP ACA!  Senators with INTEGRITY saved it. Republicans just want tax cuts=BAD health care
Time for action.  Yea.  Let's impeach real soon.
You've said, stop taxpayer subsidy of Insurance/Pharma Corps controlled Health Care! Only ghouls seek monopoly profits from sickness.
Take away their healthcare and see how fast they make some decisions
My doc said Ocare was just a big wet kiss for the insurance industry. He was right.
Insurance wastes 20%+ of premiums on "costs" that include bloated management salaries, dividends & advertising. And political contributions!
Insurance is a giant pile of money chasing a deliberately limited supply of medical goods and service. Lower cost by producing MORE not less
Insurance is the mother of all evil because it breaks the price negotiations. It is easier to raise premiums than negotiate lower costs.
A work aholic on our side finally someone who will take action and make us great again
Phui uphold the law of the land. You don't get to be so picky
Donald if you want 'action' you had better have a bipartisan approach to health care so as to represent most of the country, even your base.
Yeah 7 years GOP had 2 create healthcare. They sat on their asses nothing but complIn.  Idea. Let's kill 22-47 mil give $ 2 wealthy. Loser!

You ignored the kid in the wheelchair who wanted to shake your hand, but this clip didn't show that part. Afraid you might catch something?
I think you ought to take away all of Congressional  health care and make them pay out of pocket
OPEN YOUR EYES AMERICA!! DONT RUN OFF THE CLIFF EYES OPEN! OBAMACARE HAS NO CARRIERS! ITS DEAD! HELP US HELP OURSELVES!!!! PLEASE SENATE!!!!
Congress is impotent. Make them use whatever healthcare they stick on us!
You are doing a very good job Sir, we the people are with you. God bless you and your family

Ale you blind or brain dead thing can't get any worse than they are now you rich redneck
#HR676
Now is the time for action!
FAKE POTUS is making them wait longer. FAKE POTUS FAILS to make biggest deal of his lifetime. FAIL OF THE DEAL.
Why does the Senate and Congress get to keep their health care
U mock disabled reporters sooo pretty safe to say you don't speak for all of America
your still here sad
So stupid. Shameful. Keep Obamacare.
So take action.  Tweeting is not action.  Come out to California for one of your Yuge victory rallies.
Uh, you could spearhead this with your really good, affordable, greatest plan ever there Donny boy
Unfortunately Mr. President, they don't care, never have & never will. They never intended repeal/replace or wld hv had a plan ready to go.
Actually the the best thing now is self destruction which IS COMING all by itself. Should have done full REPEAL first. RETURNED TO STATES.
Amen!
So, why didn't you shake the hand of the little boy in the wheelchair?  He tried three times and I know you saw him there. Shame on you.
Yeah no action.secen years GOP Reps could come up with a decent plan.
Not Leaders
Losers
Dumpy Corrupt Trumpy Pence Ryan McConnell
#Obamacare or #SinglePayer !!!!!  There are no other choices.  Stick #Trumpcare up your ass @GOP !  Thank you.  That is all.
Those saying he ignored the little boy in the wheelchair I want to say they are so very wrong this time. He his many flows but not this one,
Make the US the laughingstock of the world again.  Make Americans EMMIGRATE (to Canada) again.
Canada doesn't want people who can't spell simple words like "emigrate."
@POTUS So where is YOUR carefully crafted healthcare plan that covers ALL Americans, doesn't cut Medicaid or Medicare, for less $? Bring it!
End bailouts now!!
FAKE POTUS All Talk Just BS tweets no action  FAKE POTUS King of BS. Supporters get nothing AGAIN!. Never will. FAKE POTUS LIES like a rug.
You should be ashamed the disabled child kept giving you his hand & you chose to Ignore it. Talk about SAD,
I agree, it's time impeach you
Well U should no about all talk and no action.  Supporters still waiting for U to fulfill promises.  In over UR head FAKE POTUS?
White People Photo-Op No.100,000,000.
Poster child for women to use birth control @realDonaldTrump
You are correct sir. Start the impeachment proceedings
The trick here is to g
Wait! Are you talking about common sense gun control?! Most of the country is for it. We'd love it. Fox News would say you beat Obama on it!
Yet you still can't author legislation that can garner more than 30% approval from the electorate.  Sad.
Donald and General Kelly please publish a graph of chain of command from President to House of Representatives . Please
There's at least 7 from just one family. Couldn't you find anyone else to stand behind you and look sad? All they need is an eyebrow tech.
All I can see is eyebrows. His h/c plan is baaad eyebrows. Nothing more.
The ladies eyebrows in this video are horrendous
At the rate you are sacking people you won't have anyone left on your side to take action.Please don't come to the UK you will embarrass all

Continually amazed that, while the UK actually is a Xtian nation; we generally don't go on about it.
How did such a incompetent, impulsive, brat make it into the White House & become the President of this formerly Great Nation? Blame the GOP
You're doing the same thing they did the social Security
Me. Trump, you are disgraceful.
In spite of all you did to try and kill it, The ACA is still the law of the land. Obama cares.
@POTUS the best will be is you get impeach!!
Penis
YES, we AGREE! Waited long enough -6 WASTED MTHS! Enough talk - R&R is FAILURE! Time for action-on bipartisan REPAIR of ACA NOW, reasonable.
EMPTY BARRELS MAKE THE MOST NOISE!!!
I think it's obvious to everyone by now that you can't get any job done.
The best action would be your t
How is that action working out for you?  Great leadership...well done!
I know what action it's time for! It's time for your impeachment!
resign
Except that they provably don't agree that they want it...
Or not.
Write an Executive Order putting all of Congress on Obamacare. You will have a new bill by Midnight.
Time to play more golf! #SoCalledPresident
You must first understand that America's principles as it's great foundation is not the same as the dirt of a house's foundation, then begin
Thank you to the Valiant 3 for stepping across the aisle and protecting us from trump and the GOP bad guys like Tillis
Wish all you Trump haters would fall off the face of the earth. He won you lost so shut up amd deal with it!  Grow up already!
Please Mr. pres. make congress have same hc as public. They will come together then and have a great plan if it involves them.
57k for you bad policy, 300 million plus against. I thin you should get it. Numbers don't lie you fool, IMPEACH trump NOW the traitor
Mr. President how about making all Congressmen and Congresswomen and Senators subject to the same Obama care everyone else is subject to.
You should certainly know about all talk and no action. Put on your big boy Depends and DO something besides attack your own country.
Lol
DUCT TAPE FOR TRUMP!!!!
SLAP IT ON THAT LYING ASS MOUTH OF HIS!!!
Wow must be snowflakes replying here non working individuals
I guess Repub. Congressmen are too used to vacationing the past 8 years. They don't want to get it in gear again. VOTE THEM ALL OUT!
Congress had better grow up. They're acting like elementary school kids. Get behind repeal & replace! They had an 8-yr vacation.Get to work!
All talk and tweets for six months and no action since Traitor Trump took office. Only collusion with Russia against US interests.
Message to GOP: GET RID OF OBAMACARE!!

@POTUS Thank you for trying but socialism is ripping through our government. @SenJohnMcCain was the poster boy for the rest of them.
So POTUS, Whatever happened to the beautiful health insurance replacement you promised for Obamacare. Ryan lied & you endorsed his lies.
If there were ever a case to be made for term limits...
What's with her eyebrows in the back??
Now it's time to fix the HCA not just throw it away and start over with something worse
