@SallyBaker1 Baker
Are you sure your educated? Climate change is happening now. If nothing is done to slow it down, none of us will need to think about future.
RT @GOPLeader: .@POTUS made the right call in leaving a deal that would have put an unnecessary burden on the United Sta...
People forget how Obama went around Congress anyway, as Usual. They wouldn't have approve that Treaty anyway
It's not a treaty. It's a non-binding agreement.
It is obvious: Barry Soetoro has not done anything right. It was all worth it.
Why are you calling President Obama by his stepfather's surname? He only used that for a few years.
You obviously mean. @POTUS made the right call for himself and his friendly private interests and burdened the citizens of the US.
More like "Trump made the right call for himself & the GOP with a cynical move to rally their base to try to get reelected in 2018 & 2020."
What have you done to protect the environment and it's climate change??
I'd be happy to talk with you about it. However, I have a suspicion you're trolling.

The demonstration began after today's announcement. People are concerned about the lack of US leadership jeopardizing the whole planet. 

ALL OF YOU BETTER BECOME A #TRUMPREPUBLICAN  65 MILLION @realDonaldTrump SUPPORTERS  STRONG blackberry @RogerJStoneJr  @DRUDGE @Cernovich
Trump made the horrific withdrawal because of his handshake with the French President.  He sacrifices the planet because of ego.  Weak.

How Was A Climate Crisis Denier Elected President of The United States? #ParisAgreement #ParisClimateDeal 
Watch http://bit.ly/ClimateDenierPOTUS … 
No the real news is that you think you can create a law that will control the weather. Now that's funny!
Losers
Bullshit, you are only destroying this deal because a black man thought of it first. I can't wait for all the stupid reps expire. #WRONGSIDE
Well this statement ends your political career.
The GOP is a bad deal.   What do you really stand for?
strong military property rights(i.e. no economic redistribution), tradition, and the right to be left alone without intrusive govt
You mean no intrusive government unless you want to regulate women's bodies?  Or insert religion in schools and government?  I get you.
I think making it illegal for woman to kill their babies is a valid purpose for govt. Also, I'm an atheist, I'm not imposing religion.
WTF are you talking about
ummm off the top of my head, I'm ok with death 1) in a just war, 2) in self defense, 3) physician assisted suicide.
Our President is doing the right thing for America, at every turn, GOP Senators and Congressman need to get busy and do the same!!
Too funny! Love your sarcasm!
The voluntary aspects don't. Leaving was a power hungry middle finger by Cheeto in Chief
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS how so? Can you please explain?
It's a hollow act against a voluntary non-binding agreement which is perfect for our no-stamina President
Glad to see Republicans supporting the POTUS.
I hope now health care an tax reform.

Kevin McCarthy help Bakersfield rid the homeless issue.

Bull shit. You might as well be trying to convince the world to only use leaches for surgery. Welcome to 2017. Oil is going to be obsolete
We account for 25% of world's pollution. We have to reverse course. Even Miami & Virginia are feeling climate change effects. Educate URself
Wondering why a photo of Obama is necessary to this point? You're only interest is in undoing his legacy. Pathetic
To bring out the haters of course. @GOP thrives on hate for the black guy who once occupied their White House.
Is taht why he was elected? Twice?
Elected twice with the POPULAR vote AND the electoral college.
Yes. Many of the white folk that voted for Trump actually voted Obama in for 2 terms. So. Stick your racist card up your arse and try again
Hardly any. And those that did are the ones who are now regretting their vote, NOT part of the racist lower 38% (IQ) who still support Trump
You can deny the strength of Trump all you want. It didn't work last time, and won't the next. Driving and using talk text
Thanks to Putin it didn't work. Now, only the lower 38% (IQ) and those who don't mind him destroying our country support him. Be smarter.
A republican President George Bush put more on to this economy than anyone Republicans care about money and big business not people but to
not true..
"Unnecessary"? You don't think the US should try to help solve the problem that we helped create?
Wrong Sally here!
Turning America into a pariah - an environmental villain that disregards the future - places an unnecessary burden on the United States.
please list one country that has reduce CO2 more then the USA in last 20 years
trump is only interested in making deals that benefit the top 1%, not the rest of us. Climate affects us all, even his precious 1%
You know who deserves a level playing field?  Third world countries!  We are already at the top and you just  on everyone below.
Bad decision, but can the health care bill get passed to take the financial burden off the American people. I don't have unaffordable care.
I can't afford the rising premiums so I dropped out of the health care plan I had. At least do away with the tax penalty payment.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS a little bit of burden now to save the planet for later is bad? We're already great!
You don't deserve to represent California! We are a clean state and we will be following the Paris Accord. Please don't ruin this state.
I cannot believe that you dummies are throwing away your political careers for Trump. I suspect that the will be a lot of jailed republicans
@realDonaldTrump  I think the government B4 P Trump owes the people a great deal of money. Citizens should receive monthly checks
You have officially lost my vote for 2018
@VoteRobertOwen Jared he's a progressive no PAC or lobbiest $ I hope you'll look into him :)
And you will go DOWN with Trump. U.S. Renewable Energy Jobs Employ 800,000+ People and Rising  #MAGA by going forward
YoungObama has a hold onyou.Cant seem to say bye to him.No maga.Young cutie Macron says MAKE OUR PLANET GREAT AGAIN Say hi to Syria & Russia
Definitely the right call!! Bravo!
Deuteronomy 28:10
Then all peoples of the earth shall see that you are called by the name of the [1/2]
Lord, and they shall be afraid of you. [2/2]
A polluted planet is a death trap. Going to another planet won't change that.
USA 1st! Planet 2nd! Am I right guys? Thats how things work right?

EVER
Disappointment. You are eroding this country. What an embarrassment. GOP you know this is wrong too, wake up.

If you would ever spend time in your district, you'd see the millions of dead trees in the sierras that are a warning of things to come.
Of course Obama made a deal that puts unnecessary burden on US - @BarackObama is anti-American. Serves Soros & 1 world order. Goal destroy!
Climate scientists paid off any who.Topdress corn off Uss enterprise onto hungry. Lead a flotilla of mercy. Bridge of enterprise . Neato
Then why are other countries ahead of us on dolor energy  Sweden has no land fills

Trump's cabinet offers a postgraduate-level course in ass-kissing.

Can we have Obama back? Please?
@Mark Brekenridge A GOP Sickness!!
That in short terms thinking but in long terms wins.The gain is in avoiding crises dependency oil of Muslim countries financing IS and Alkai
Wow your yes man agree with everything you do. They are just as clueless as you. #EarthFirst
Yes
If our esteemed leader has our interests at heart why are all his brand made in other countries?
Obama did not look out for America.  Worried about the Global World and let America go down the tubes.
ABSOLUTELY!
Trump wants to keep destroying the planet, because he doesn't believe in science! What a great achievement. Now excuse me,I have to puke :/
Right call. Right President.
MAGA
Chud.
Psalm 3:8
Salvation belongs to the Lord. Your blessing is upon Your people. Selah
"I've never asked God for forgiveness.Never done anything to need it or had a reason to involve him" 45 in MANY interviews!
But "we finally have Christian POTUS" apparently their definition is complete opposite than the Bible teaches! Everyone sins!
Romans 3:23
for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God,
Looking out for US...that's why we  him. #MAGA
So you are willing to loose all climate saving industry to China so that you can once again burn coal?
You realize we developed our own terms. Right? You know that.
Do your homework you'r getting paid for it Other countries pay more per cap then the USA. The WORLD said NO to new negotiations The WORLD -1
A voluntary burden, if you bothered to read any of it.  How can people with college degrees be so stupid?
Obama is smart Trump not smart easy to explain
Of course the idiot is retweeting what idiots probably in his pocket, have to say.

#PutinsPuppet--your words, really
What about the economic cost of climate change on farmers? Failed crops higher water cost. Worse weather What about a coal plant next to you
The unnecessary burden on the US is trump and his family. Golfing every weekend on our dime.
That's where you're wrong kiddo
Wrong!
So loyal, very touching
Michael Bloomberg: I'll make sure UN gets $15 million it needs for Paris agreement

By Jackie Wattles June 2, 2017: 2:13 PM ET
Pulling out of the Accord puts an undue burden on the whole planet.  Our children and grandchildren are voting now, and they want a home.
any deal Obama made you can bet will not benefit USA only his Muslim Brotherhood and globalist
Obama put USA last to look like good globalist w/Euro-elites. @POTUS put USA first! Euros angry about withdrawal b/c no one else had to pay.
Typical the gop misleading again. SHAME
Maybe money is the only thing that matters in your world. The rest of us believe the future of our planet is worth the investment.
, Didn't ANY of you read it!?  You really think coal jobs are returning??  Are you aware that once oil is gone, it's GONE?
American taxpayers can't carry the burden for the world.
His personal greed & a desire to line the pockets of his rich friends is why he did it.He just met with his mega-donors the Koch brothers
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS  thank God he made the call to leave it 
Like rising sea levels. Maybe talk with New Orleans and Miami what is the cost of evacuating one of them?
Hardly an unnecessary burden when you're the 2nd biggest CO2 emitter worldwide. Leaving the agreement is just ignoring your responsibility.
@POTUS made right call in exit. China will renegotiate; they have ability to pay and new Belt & Road increases their Global Carbon Footprint
Yes, @realDonaldTrump have the courage ti fight for what is right ,we hope that @HouseGOP @SenateGOP learn from him & support voters mandate
I have friends in Bakersfield.  I hope you're out of a job in 2018.
Oh fuck, its McCarthy, liar extraordinaire
2020

Such a ridiculous statement.
Why you about erasing work, Try BUILDING!!!

B.S., wrong call, this will not help workers in any way, Trump will NOT get a better deal.  Wake  up, Kev, he's a criminal. Impeach him.
It was a non-binding agreement.  What do you believe we need to negotiate?
For 8 years this gay lied tu us he need to be investigated
Looks like you haven't read it either. Why am I not surprised.
.@POTUS probably didn't read the #ParisAgreement, but maybe he can take a few minutes to visit @weatherchannel ↓ 
It is not an 'unnecessary burden' to take steps to keep our planet habitable. The GOP is going to rue this position very soon.
The only thing putting unnecessary burdens on the United States of America is Trump's treasonous, treacherous administration of criminals.
Where's POTUS TAX returns?
What burden? The nonbinding agreement that was the world in solidarity to respect the planet?
A statement made by a fool and a knave and an illiterate to boot.
Mother nature controls most of the climate via natural disasters. Man creates by disturbing Mother Natures work
please detail specifics, so we can have something 2 measure the success or failure of this action. clearly it would be easy to claim success
Says the guy who couldn't form a coherent sentence in his first major public interview...
if he reallyThis argument is ridiculous.
Shame on you!
Hooray Hooray , Trump had tremendous courage in rejecting the Paris Accords agreement . No other Republican would have had such courage .

Please don't post O's picture. Thank goodness, he is gone. Now we have a real @POTUS. #AMERICAFIRST
Last I checked Obama has a much better claim to being a real president than Trump does, yaknow popular support and all.
And you have a scientific degree on the  environment or anything that has to do with climate change where ?? Shut up!
Impeachment is the RIGHT CALL!!  Treason is a serious offence!
Nope the only reason he left is because Obama did it.  What burden just got lifted? Dont shove out rhethoric provide facts!
BEST PRESIDENT EVER!! OUR PRAYERS ARE WITH HIM AND AMERICA!! 
True
I had hoped that as a Californian you would know better. Appears not. Why risk welfare of our next generations? Ignorance?
Hope you don't have kids because if you do, you're supporting the deaths of your kids or grandchildren. You'll die before the worst hits
Grow some balls man, you are pathetic and will reap what you sow. The whole world laughs at Donald Trump and you but cries for America.
NOT!!  GOP only make decisions based on money.  Taking care of GOD'S creation is not cheap.
Qq
HE is the burden.  He is ruining our longstanding relationships with allies.  He is clearly incapable to serve.  You know that.
Donald Tattletale Trump should scare the hell out of all decent human beings.

You don't understand what is going on. You're just ignorant. Try educating yourself to the facts, Dummy!
Be specific about the burden(s) the US would have. Generalizing means nothing.
Very low 
Thanks ... saw this earlier too. GOP, POTUS, & the rest, spew generalities to enflame. The Highchair King knows vry little.
Yep and his minions believe everything  I hope there are fire under all those smoke about Russia and I believe it are. bank loans etc
McCarthy, to what burden do you refer?

Clean air? Renewable energy? A healthier world?
Shut up, Kevin
You don't know what you are talking about. Get out of US policy.
So you really don't believe our roll in climate change?
Yes! Profit over people. Earth is overpopulated anyway. You & every supporter has to answer future generations for this mess.  Shame on you
Burden?
and we will make the right call come November voting all of your asses out
Impeach trump he's screwing us and the world 
The climate has changed 0.85 C in 120 years. The sky is not falling. God is on His throne. #PJNET #Trump
Research my dude. That small little degree is very much significant.
Does USA live on their own planet? Like maybe the earth is flat .. and the rest of us are these divine creatures looking through the window
To hell with clean air and water.  Just make sure those company polluters can keep it up.  Not very bright are you?
Absolutely. All those SCREAMING look at what branson flies or leo or OBAMA or Hillary Gates all those blowhards
The 90 million voters who didn't vote in 2016 are getting hard knock lessons in civics!  Don't get too comfy in your job! It's temporary!
What is the unnecessary burden? Do you really believe that ALL other countries have it wrong? Too bad, so sad you are one of the gullible.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Thank you Mr. McCarthy
Is that 'unnecessary burden' a reduction in fossil fuel contributions to your campaigns?
And you are a short sighted fool.
Buy nuclear power plants to the French. It will allow you to reduce pollution like , low cost and reliable electicity.  great together
Ok puppet. Wait till this comes back and bites u. Did u ask any CEO s there thought? Hell no u didn't
The President did the right thing AGAIN. He is GREAT!!
#YouAreTheSwamp
Little gain?  Protecting and improving the human (destructive) impact on our planet isn't significant for you?
please return best PRESIDENT EVER! USA needs u bro.
Do you still think Trump is being paid by Putin??
