your boys going to fold like a lawn chair, they will all throw you under the bus
We all know you hardly work.   
You've never worked a day in your life, conman.
Big day for Russia. Working hard to kill sick Americans!
please get rid of Obama care and put something in its place that helps Americans.
why do you hate poor people so much?
Thank you President Trump for bringing back America to us and protecting us.
what about your buddy Manafort? Does he have a nice criminal attorney yet?
Can't believe anything coming out of your mouth.
Hope you received my letter. Waiting for a personal signed letter from you that you received it. All about healthcare
you're hardly working.
start working hard on being honest!!
Or are you hardly working?
Hardly working? Like your administration? SAD

Try working smarter, not harder. #drumpf
You are Awesome !!
God bless health for all
America hates you and your family.
you will be killing a lot of people murderer
don't you mean TrumpCare, and working hard against American citizens?
"Big day" for sure, as you dismantle it, hurting millions of Americans to benefit your selfish agendas. Cool story, bro!
Dismantle someting that actually DID hurt millions of American?  Hell yeah!
Want a #FullRepeal not a quasi #FakeRepeal
working hard suing 13 yr old kids 4 making video games about you. You're such a loser. #twittervention #notmypresident
thank God. Repeal that Obama forced rubbish.
a school teacher works hard. https://youtu.be/HfqafLjePqw 
Just throwing comments at The wall and seeing what sticks?

This is the third time you've linked this video.

@PressSec today's the day they say NO!!
working hard to fuck people over yet again is more like it.
get rid of Paul Ryan!!
press on to you get it done.
Hardly working...Mar-A-Largo this weekend???
We know that u r working hard for us.
I don't like ur new Ryancare health care plan. This is Ocare.This is NOT as promised
becccauuusssseeeee????

Who knew the Mel Brooks could tell the future?
who knew dark humor was so prophetic
I'm waiting for Spaceballs to happen now.

Yep.
Rick Moranis should come back and play a Donald Trump type in a movie spoof.
honey i shrunk the white house
far right wing fringe rewrites trumpcare to strip 7 million vets of healthcare tax credits - shame! It's a dem vote machine
those were moderates that did that, not right wing.
dude you are wrong!  The freedom caucus is the far right wing fringe of the Republican Party.  They just cut vets healthcare
dude, incorrect.  Paul Ryan's managers amendment had effect.  He isn't in the Freedom Caucus
read my friend.  Vets Health care tax credits cut to try and make freedom oxymorons vote for horrible bill. Trump"care"  not.
FAIL!!!
y'all didn't work hard enough Mr. President! What a complete Joke you are. Embarrassing!!!
how's that working for you lmao
ITS THE WORST PLAN... not for the people...sad
Hardly working is more like it. You're a WORTHLESS, ILLEGITIMATE, FASCIST "Pr*s*d*nt".
Why does this bill have to be rushed.  It is far too important to make any mistakes.  Why can't it go back to be tweaked?
Time to let Americans affected by this health care plan, review and revise it.  Just ask us, we are willing to help
Did you mean to say losing hard??? You seriously suck at being President.
Lying is the lazy man's way out. You never had a plan, cannot develop a plan, will never have plan. Less golf more work.
Well, that didn't go so well did it.
I would kick people off welfare if they do not have a job to attempt to get themselves out of their current situation
but you lost. Bigly. Harhar
How'd that work out for you and President Bannon? #Russiagate
You wouldn't know a hard days work if it bit u in the ass
You started at the bottom and it's been downhill ever since.

@POTUSADJT Repeal it.  Expand Medicaid. Enough is enough. Obama's failure is not fixable.
haha #SoMuchLosing
Working hard.......from the golf course. Oh and Jared from Aspen.
#hardlyworking How's the golf game coming along? #ineptPotus #conmantrump
love u Trump keep up the good work
awesome Mr. Pres....dump Ryan now.
"The Great Negotiator!" Yeah, did u negotiate the 3500 lawsuits that came after????
great work making sure the Affordable Care Act doesn't get repealed!  Thank you!
#TRUMPUTIN's version of hard work can only do damage to things.
I’m sorry I didn’t get that – I don’t speak idiot.
If you’re going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty.
NAZI
hope it doesn't pass. There are a lot of voters who is going to be left out if it passes. Elections are coming.
trump PUBLIC OPTION!  Do the right thing for Americans instead of promoting a piece of crap bill or sabotaging ACA
You trusted a traitor Rhino Ryan. When will you work smart???
Is this an alternative facts tweet?
lol you truly are hopeless! lolol take up comedy, you'd kill it at that..lol #ObamaCare #uspoli #USPolitics
well unfortunately the Bill is junk! Hope I didnt waste my vote on you! Listen to #randpaul
Just not hard enough. Awwwww. Can we get a picture of you wiping the tears? Icing on the cake!
Lost! ACA rules!
Who knew it could be so complicated, right?
What did you shoot ?
Please do not sign the bill that will allow animals to be killed in their dens!
I wish you would also revamp Workman's Comp.  It's hard to get good care. DR's are all about money.
@MerryAnita If someone doesn't know about a job, they get fired; Spicer has excuses about inability by Trump; "He's fired."
You mean..BAD day for healthcare.
? Working hard at taking my healthcare away. You are a bad man! A worse President.
This patriarchal debacle is beyond reproach, beyond disgust, beyond abhorrence. #healthcare
If you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid.
Przetłumacz sobie. Z ciebie taki sam k...... jak nasz Kaczyński.
I was agnst the ACA but it help me Plse be careful I can't afford to pay ovr $900 mnth ovr half my net pay Work fair plse
and you lost, looser
Majority in the House and Senate; White House. Still no healthcare bill.  #fecklessleader #fakefortyfive #shortfingers.
March 24 - the day my Health care JOB was saved.
would you like aloe for the burn you got today?
This is too damn funny . How goes the winning ? #winning #healthcare #Obamacare
or hardly working? Do you know your trumpcare plan? Is it what you promised your voters? Big day- trump failed again.
FAIL !! FAIL !!! FAIL !!! buts its ok all you have to do is not pay your staff ! ohh wait you cant you are POTUS now !
lol
dude put your big boy pants on! Hahaha
I’m sorry I didn’t get that – I don’t speak idiot.
Apparently not hard enough. Huge Trump failure.
or not... # loser
yes it was!!!
Not, Big failure. Campaign promise failed again!
#MAGA
looser
oh, we're you? Must be why it's failed...
how'd the vote go today?
About health, water and #fracking - https://www.forbes.com/sites/judystone/2017/02/23/fracking-is-dangerous-to-your-health-heres-why/#196ee0825945 …
hows that working out so far ?
tax the rich and Hollywood famous, they stolen from us, time they pay back 4 poisoning us to make them rich,
Work smarter on healthcare act and less on sending someone to Mars!
Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed.
if this bill doesn't lowing middle class and poorer's premiums & out of pocket it will cost the mid term election to Dem's
phase one health care isn't a repeal & replace its Obamacare lite with a name change.There will never be a part 2-3, added
Big day indeed, super hard, so hard it broke. What a loser
How did that work out for you!!
it was a big day

You coming to my sleepover? I need to know how many Skittles to buy. remember when people compared refugees to Skittles? Yeah fuck that
ass
Working hard at more winning I see! LOSER!
Ha! Yes. Big day. #sorrynotsorry
from the young down to the elderly, from the healthy down to the sick...one all and all for one no discrimination
waiting for the bill to pass so I can file taxes and not pay a penalty for not having insurance first 6 months.
BIG day for healthcare today!!
Dooh! Let me see.  Who can I threaten today? Yeah, sounds like tough work for a bully. Didn't work out so well, did it.
how's that going for ya? LOLOLOL
Nice Negotiation Skills.  Loser.
All the branches fell off your family tree when you were born
 What died on your neck? Oh, it's your head
the big day for healthcare will be when you step down.
Tough day, doing your job that you ran for; better take another taxpayer funded golf trip, eh Don?
hard
.@realDonaldTrump you mean failing hard.
yes it is!
Too bad you have to do all the heavy lifting.Good help is so hard to find these days.Take care of yourself, Mr. President!
That's really Nice, love it!!

no it is not.  it is an amendment and not worthy of passing. @# DOWHATYOUPROMISED
Good luck with that Chief!
Then why do you NOT want your name on it?  You want it on everything else, 45. Fake connservative.
Maybe you can hustle a 10yr old to help you w/that
@Siriusjay
You can neither get your ideas past the judicial nor the legislative branch. Any insights yet?
No it is not, I trusted you, an the newspapers in Ohio said you failed us, wanting me to pay 15grand over half  my income
I thought you spent the day watching TV and pretending to drive a truck???
.@realDonaldTrump @TeamTrump MR President we stand by your side but RYANCARE not what is good for America.We love you & trust you. God Bless
Yesterday was BIGGER!

#YUGE 
u wouldn't be tweeting if you were working let alone working hard.
How did this go I haven't seen the FAKE NEWS? Oh, you lost, just like your so-called 'Presidency' so far. SAD! #NotMyPOTUS
