please step down.  We'll all watch your triumphant return to The Apprentice. We promise. #yugeratings
To do what?
let the states do what they do and you need to shut your mouth. Either resign or grow some man balls and swallo pride
, @POTUS - go with National Guard
Use The Google
How about sending Fed help to the southern states that were just hit by bad storms?  (20 killed)
people in those states need your help NOW,  turn off the TV and go do your job.
trump can't help, he's busy trying to figure out numbers from his inauguration and signing papers to destroy the environment.
sad but true
I forgot you were the law and order candidate,  that's low key for racial profiling our Blk men.
martial law tweets r so so so cute!!!!
You mean "business!"  Americans are ready for CHANGE TODAY!!! Drain the SWAMP! Liberal Dems!! Out!!
Absolutely!  Time to take control of the killing fields known as Chicago.  Put end to carnage @POTUS !
@POTUS Threats of martial law over fake news from @BillOReilyTV are not the acts of a legitimate president.
@DiamondandSilk can't wait for Jeff Sessions to get approved.  #AmericaFirst #MAGA
In a democracy- U cant do that. Call Putin- check with him since Hitler is not around. Take some more meds & sleeepppp
Smart move. That will move your Fox Ratings higher! #illegitimatepresident #TinyHands #ImpeachTrump #alternativefacts
did they ask you for help? No? Then stay out of their business!
you need to do something about the Smith Mundt act they are using it against you .all of these profiles
ALFA MALES are back in charge! Stop the violence and President Trump won't have to send in the feds.
#AllLivesMatter  #MAGA
Maybe send "the Feds" to help south Georgia first, @realDonaldTrump? The governor's been asking. Just FYI.
As. if. Trump. wil.l ever. help. anyone. ???  We. r. on. our. own. folks
Told you, fish eye Rahm...you're days are numbered
.@realDonaldTrump you could start with: 
Top 15 source states for IL crime guns, 2010–2014:
IN 3,269
MS 1,002
WI 898
https://www.thetrace.org/2015/11/chicago-gun-laws-shootings-trafficking/ …
Tell us again why the areas the guns are coming FROM don't have the same level of violence.

We'll wait. 

@realDonaldTrump
I dare you
Blah blah blah we all know you want to be the dictator of a police state, stop beating around the bush.
who will you send and how? Will people in other states be paying for IL corruption?
.@realDonaldTrump
Nah, bro.  We'll build a wall to keep you out
or you could focus on sensible gun laws that would benefit the entire country.
Toronto slightly larger in pop than Chicago had a record total of 73 murders in 2016. What's the difference? Gun control.
Carpet bomb Chicago. Rubio can help.
LMFAO The purge, 1 month, downtown Chicago only
Who are you planning to blow up? @FBI should be aware
Do it. A good ole' fashion raid could do some good.
You'll be next. Support martial law at your own risk.
https://www.cnn.com/2017/07/29/politics/trump-police-remarks-reaction/index.html … Jan 2018 better than previous two years.
To do what? Enslave? Take away their guns? Genocide?
we will deal with the Republican party politicians by #VoteBlueNoMatterWho
Whats wrong with the national guard? The UN is not the answer.
It's been a year. you have not sent the Feds that means things in Chicago are better or as is more likely, you were just bullshitting
Do it!! Rahm Emmanuel is an incompetent, moronic, Mayor. He has no control of "his" City. But I believe he doesn't care @ all anyway. He just wants the money/corruption, & power.
I hope you would not allow the UN  on our soil...
Sending in the troops to stop the shootings is like fucking for virginity. Start working on weapon laws, @realDonaldTrump you make me sick.
communist infiltators have poisoned americans eyes
. POTUS time to appoint someone like @AlanDersh to 2nd special council- Drain the swamp- get our gov back!!
so a 24% increase related to your presidency?
.@realDonaldTrump I'd prefer to look at gun control/cracking down on gangs before military infiltrates my city. Would not be well received.
Chicago was a very calm city in the old days, I wonder why there are so many crimes now over there ? #DinduNuffin
Started with Reagan. Obama screwed up and didnt go for it the 2 yrs Ds had cntrl . He thght the GOP cared abt US more than mkng him look bad
You the man Mr. President!!
I would like to know why Ur using White House computers to watch Marzbar vlogs I sent that comment you sent to me to Alex
Oh, wait! I get it-another distraction! You got me for a moment. #TheResistance #DAPL #KeystoneXL #EPAfreeze #censorship
.@realDonaldTrump The Feds have already been there, and they've already diagnosed the problem:
@getnickwright @realDonaldTrump @washingtonpost so the community loses faith in police and the respond by killing each other?
So you're threatening militarized violence on U.S. citizens who need help? How very Bashar Al Asaad, Bibi Netanyahu of you.
# Maybe they should consider a "strong" Conservative Republican Mayor!!!!
One year later - still not fixed.
easy access to guns drugs he dont want to fix that just arrest poor ppl and put more money in the system by their incarceration and like hes cleaning up the streets so see thru mr trump not my prez just and oppressor he sees a dollar in everything believe me a class A creep
I didnt vote for Trump due to his anti gun stance thats been life long
#It's better for the Feds to get involved, as opposed to the hated UN.
Mr President, today would be a good time to do this before the UN troops invade Chicago.
Chicago shootings down 21% '16 to '17 or 800 fewer and without you doing a thing which is par for course.
You know what America needs to do about shootings?  Not make guns fucking legal and as available as a fucking convenient store.

https://www.cnsnews.com/news/article/patrick-goodenough/chicago-police-chief-reminds-county-official-un-has-no-jurisdiction … Chicago Police Chief Reminds County Official: ‘The UN Has No Jurisdiction Here’
you're the dude elected by the gun lobby to believe more guns are the answer.  #GunControl is the answer.
so how will #guncontrol help?
2nd Amendment only gives a well-regulated militia a right to bear arms.  These people got guns from the gun lobby
well regulated means in working order. Militia is the body of the people look up SCOTUS ruling
If U think "well-regulated" means "in working order" U R either stupid or hypnotized – brainwashed. #GunControl

regulation, regulated, to regulate, to control, get a dictionary and stay out of Satan's church.
exactly what is satans church? I'm a catholic so not personally familiar with Satan.
Wish he'd go 
what do you know about innercity life when was the last time you been in one in your tower of the dammed
crazy
Sure! Send in "the Feds" @FBI, to arrest, indict and CONVICT @ChicagosMayor, @RahmEmanuel! #RescueChicagoFromRahm
Maybe if the state Government hadn't loosened the gun laws a few years back this wouldn,'t be an issue?
I will gladly volunteer to go and help! Chicago is like a city in Iraq...warzone! Typical for a Democratic ran city!
So Chicago's solution is to go and kill more people? Cool.
Cool? Yep..as the breeze
winning winning We love it keep going @TrumpCommunity
If anything, the one largest impacts on jobs he is promising is tariffs/border taxes. While will cost us MILLIONS of Jobs.
@TrumpCommunity No you have your facts wrong.
I'm an economist. if we impose tariffs, they will impose them on us. When 2 sellers sell to an economy with tariffs..
@TrumpCommunity Josh it's the art of the deal read his book
Trump didn't even write that book. Tony Schwartz did. Both the publisher and Tony have admitted this.
I don't believe that. I believe we started this off with jobs,etc so I will end this by saying my money is on Trump. Fairtrad
I can't wait, nor can the people living (and dying)  in the "real world" of Chicago.  2018 stats will be out soon for January and here are the stats for the full year of 2017:
(((war zone)))
Would a big ugly library help curtail the violence?
it would be an embarrassment if we had to call in outside security forces.  Send in the Marines and kick some ass.
Send in the damn National Guard with weapons. Have the cops stop and frisk and raid the gang places of congregation.  Protect the innocent.  Stop playing nice nice and go to work getting the gangs out of business. It takes commitment and toughness.
LOL since they lossedned the gun laws in Chicago, the military would be outgunned.  Conservative legislature at work.
I despise you more than I think I ever have anyone in my entire life. You need help. Psych eval, ASAP. Wish someone cared.
Despise is a strong word...but in this case, it's not nearly strong enough. I'm fucking OFFENDED! He does NOT represent American values!
I talked myself down from hate.
I'm not there yet...
You probably shouldn't be. Whatever keep you strong, and fighting; that's what you need to hold onto.
Excuse me? Wtf the feds gone do? Kills us all ? Like they been doing? How about take that 95 mill from Rat and give back to our communities.
something needs to be done, I'm not a fan of martial law but something needs to be done.
It will be. Our new President doesn't tie law enforcements hands like the left admin does. Trump has their back
So basically Chicago is about to be wiped out. Got it.
or they could settle down so the feds don't have to come in, their police could start policing.
here are #LIBTARDS quoting Orwell while wanting 2 allow the shootings 2 continue & attacking you for wanting 2 stop them
Because his idea of stopping them is trash.
because after 8 years of liberal leadership, problem has been eliminated. ..oh wait, it's worse now than ever
And what are the Feds gonna do? Lmao.
You should probably note that Chicago's murder rate is nowhere near the highest among major U.S. cities.
he's busy with alternative facts and being mad he didn't win "most popular ".
this is a chart from 2010-2015...
yes because 2016 just ended and data is not fully compiled.
also, actual scholars of this stuff look at multi-year averages for a reason. blips.
Seems like that is what needs to be done.
So you're invading Chicago? Well, that didn't take long. And you were worried about Obama declaring martial law...
something needs to be done, we can't turn a blind eye to Crime in impoverished areas
Let your responsible citizens be legally armed with more ease! See also, Texas. #2A
@DaddyFiles @realDonaldTrump
See also the states with the most lax gun laws having the highest rates of gun violence. @chasecarroll9 @realDonaldTrump
ohhhh so that's why you can't legally own handguns in places like Chicago but they're all over?
Hmmmmm... @conservtivemom @realDonaldTrump
what's your source? "23.4" what does that value signify?
The CDC. But I guess that's"fake news." @conservtivemom @realDonaldTrump
Long overdue . Chicago is a war zone that's been allowed its gang members to exist for far too long . Enough !
As if you travel anywhere near Chicago's bad areas.
Clearly you have no understanding of how bad it is or how far out the fangs have spread .
Polish people should be sent back to Poland where they came from they don't speak English and they are worth nothing
@POTUS Do you even know what that means, Trump, or are you saying that because it sounds cool?
This dude.... 
stop getting all your intel from Fox News. The stats are wrong but echoed from a Fox News segment. My god man, you're not 5
impeach
I agree!
Hey, unless your name is Google, stop acting like you know everything.
how about sending the Feds down to @onetoughnerd and straighten out Flint water. Or does the (R) make him exempt?
@POTUS In hope and pray that Chicago can be brought under control.
get out of Chicago. Give them a chance with a mandatory draft into ccc or military
Talk about liting the board off a killer bee hive sending Feds into Former home of Capone!Gov money flow suddenly improves
why are you in charge
send them! End the violence!
I live on South side of Chicago and im not arguing. Fuck these drug dealin gang bangers killin kids, dealin heroin, etc...
EVERY DAY THE FED DOESN'T GO IN- PEOPLE DIE.!!!!!!!! GET IN THERE AND FIX IT
I guess that is why Obama did not move back to there.
Remember the #TenthAmendment because we remember the #25thAmendmentSection4.
Pumpkin spice these are what we call actual facts. Try it out sometimes.
good idea, Trumpo. They are much better at staring pensively.
it's a no from me
Please protect the honest citizens of Chicago, Mr.President
I AM CAF ZAIM RESCH. WINILINILI TO HIS OF ROAD STONY TO HAVE THEM ALL ARE SQUIRN AMONG KERAT. EXPANDING HIS REGIN  OF
I'm certain that is why they are holding up your JeffSessions approval - he can do what you need from AG department
so they can kill more black people..Donald, kill all n**a (FEDS) !
IT IS TIME
why not start in Chicago
send in the Feds?! What are you 8?!
why don't you take matters into your hands, or are they too small
.Mexico is the center hub for all of the medical device companies it's a bigger deal than Carrier. Bring those home
Oh Mr. President I have a better idea, show them you mean business.Instead of the Feds.Will u plz go? I'm sure you'll be ok
oh no not the Feds! Because they have been so efficient...
fix the systemic plague of African-American's inability to create wealth due to poor education/no investment in communities
TONIGHT! On the O'REILLY FACTOR!
: the real "carnage" going on is your sitting in the Oval Office, calling yourself President while dismantling America.
Be sure to grab Rahm for violating Federal Law regarding harboring illegals.
Ever read the 10th, TrumpTards?  Feds cannot force state/local gov to do fed job
Then you, Obamaton, explain why your hero sued Arizona for passing a law IDENTICAL to Fed Law?
Federal Jurisdiction, TrumpTard, peruse the 10thA
And when the Federal Govt refuses to enforce the law, the states must look after themselves. Dip
If brains were made of gold, you and your family would be beggars.
Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother.
Or maybe call them and work together to develop a solution, try governing...
killings are uo since you took office, no surprise there
You are not the last word. This is not a dictatorship.
...aaannnd we just got to step three
Mr. Pres, u r a genius, but even the genius gets it wrong at times. :) If u "send in the Feds," u will have 2 do also NO, Denver, and Memph!
can you also help with the water in Michigan
Are you mentally disabled?
why don't you start with taking guns off the streets instead of making threats to cities on Twitter.
Oh yes the feds did such a fr8 job in Ferguson let's send them 2 Chicago where the issues R far more complicated !.
send in Obama. He needs a job
Oh thank God! Orange hat small hands is on the case. Go defraud a college or settle a sexual assault case or something. Leave Chicago alone.
Rather than send the Nat'l Guard into Chicago why not send the Corps of Engineers into Flint, MI to fix the water supply?
OK Hitler
BEWARE, then Dems will blame YOU for their failings...IF you move better have a solid plan like Rudy's to FIX IT
A rigid gun ctrl law would b more effective + less expensive!

@POTUS said @BillOReilyTV. Getting policy tips from old hot head. Plagiarism, sad!
@jonathan1229 if you look at the transcripts and quit trying to twist words he said for Chicago leaders to take care of it!
they don't lead the in shootings and gun deaths, what's your hard on for Chicago, because they hate your building?
Learn from your parents mistakes - get sterilized
Bill O'Reilly wants his false stats back. Follow Fox like a moron, trump. #badamerican
cleaning up the garbage!
is this supposed to be a threat or something....youre supposed to help people not scare them.
I don’t know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
How do you stop the likes of James Holmes, Dylan Roof , and Robert Dear. All Americans . A total of 36 dead. Don the Con
they're ranked 18th out of the most violent cities in the US. Why not try fixing the #1 city first?
What is the time element involved how much time do they have to fly right?
what about the carnage is fake or not real? im 13 and i have a better sense of the english language
A little Law & Order before they forget. It's like Lord of the Flies in areas. Weapon buy back --curfew, VOC training, JOBS
you like that word, don't you?
Sounds like "big government to me". 
dont be upset because Trump is delivering on his promises out of the gate. Something needs changed in Chicago
Nope can't, 2nd amendment. Murcia. #wall
what does that even mean. And notice you have no response to my abortion comment because it's common sense.
Feds don't do nothing but cost more money pay for it out of your pocket
My poor home state of IL... I heard they ranked #1 in murders in Southern Chicago where all of the gangs have moved to. PLEASE HELP!
DO YOU LISTEN TO MUSIC? THE FEDS HAVE BEEN THERE.
The Mayor is the problem, The people are being held hostage.
We need all the help we can get. Chicago had gotta be safe again
Be vigilant-Chicago is home to globalist world beef monopoly holders turning America into a big farm. Ray Kroc was Russian
The Vatican is trying to make peace with muslims. McDonald's is putting offensive 'pork' on their big macs
WTF send in the FEDS!
Great isn't it? 
To do what, exactly? You often say you'll "do" something, but we don't seem to hear any actual plans.
This gentleman named Boykin needs an education. The deployment of foreign, albeit U.N. forces on US territory is in direct conflict with our Constitution. Stop and frisk; raid gang hideouts. Take their  guns away.
You must have been born on a highway, because that's where most accidents happen.
You should send in the feds, but maybe the ones who aren't corrupt...
well I buffalo ny we have had between 6 to 7 murders in the fist 10days of the year the fact is our young people are dying Mr President.
If people don't want to get hurt by the United States Government, they should control their children.
Assuming they're not busy arresting you
"Quality of Life is a common good matter.  All Americans deserve to live in relative safety & security."  I agree with you.
maybe they just don't want to live in a country ran by you 
they're shaking
You couldn't hit water if you fell out of a boat
