It's #IRMA not #Irmer. MAGA = Moronic Asswad Grifting America. #TrumpResign because you are #Unfit for office.
You have no sense of humor. Lighten up. Everyone thinks it's funny.
I have an awesome sense of humor. Just ask @weiland_jen @seahagintrainin @Mom0U812 @absolutelyenuff @RKJ65 @everybodyzzmama @lolaswolf

Say, Jill, I kind of think this is funny. 

 gets me everyfuckintime.
Same  I fucking love it
Why did US. Soldiers leave two uk couples tourists on St Martin to face the hurricane?There was room. A human is a human regardless of birth
Curious as to WHY tourists think it's a good idea to vacation on a foreign island w/a hurricane in ocean.. CHANGE your plans!  I did.
I’m not a tourist. And they were already there!!!!
I cxd my trip 2 the Caribbean a week and a half ago due to gigantic hurricane in Atlantic, but if I was there already I'd hav left
 have a medal! They tried to leave the bbc said but USA soldiers refused to take them cause not Americans. No other way off island 4 them!
No way off since when?  AFTER hurricane or BEFORE?  Plenty of time not to go at all (cancel vacation) or leave before storm got close.
Are you really that stupid? They were already there for their vacation as I’ve already said. I don’t know why no British way off island.
Are they really that stupid to watch the hurricane coming and not leave before???
Is this a Robot talking? OMG worst speech of an oncoming disaster I've ever seen/Is clear disaster itself/Bulls-Eye target #MaraLago & Leave
@abel_whyte @democraticbear Speech therapy lessons R in need/Add true #empathy & real /Then act really #presidential/ Grade *F* on speech
He is not a politician, remember?
He's a #Treasonous #RussianCollusion #Traitor #LiarInChief who is going 2 B behind bars 1 day @abel_whyte @democraticbear #Resist
Your surprise will be when OVOMIT Clinton and all their cronies get convicted.  
Now saying Ur own commit back 2 you, quote *Have U realized how stupid/ridiculous Ur comments sound? @eric_smathers @abel_whyte
Empty words, zero credibility
If you cared about lives, families and those in need, you would reinstate DACA.
Care about the environment enough to try and prevent these massive storms for future generations.
We pray for them and you Mr. President!
God bless and protect America.
Can't listen EVEN with the Hurricanes, Fires, Floods, earthquakes and Tsunamis, YOU are STILL the #1 Security threat to America
#Fbr
Super reading Hun, just like we practiced!! See you tonight xx

Is there another storm? Hurricane irmer?
Like everything else about you, you really suck at reading a teleprompter!
You lost me after "Hurricane Ermer" #IdiotInChief
God bless donald trump
Go to #MaraLago and golf this weekend. We approve of your vacation this weekend!!
Here in #BrevardCounty bracing for #IrmaHurricane2017 Stay safe all and God Bless everyone. We will rebuild, we are #FloridaStrong! #Florida
Stay safe up in Brevard. We're doing the same down in Broward. #FloridaStrong
#ClimateChangeIsReal
Go golf in WPB
On a positive note, this is the most normal his hair has ever looked.
So this is what it's like to finally have a real president
Matthew 10:22
And you will be hated by all for My name’s #sake. But he who #endures to the #end will be saved.
Amen. Amen Amen
Make sure IRMA has the correct DACA papers Donald!
Notice Jose is getting turned away though.
Of course!!
Pathetic speech. You are just a puppet on screens.
Nice ,best of success your mission
This is serious, like president Trump said, get out, been through cat 3, in 2004, this is a big one. OMG
And you really want to leave the Paris treaty?????
Your toupee looks pulled back too far. 
#peepeegate #goldenshowers
Why does he always look angry?
You're stupid and have no class using these kind of attacks during a crisis
Don't you dare call me your fellow American. My fellow Americans have integrity, clearly a trait you haven't got.
This is a very serious storm. Everyone should take cover.
Instead of warning Americans about the storm, why don't you actually not defund FEMA?
You want to take money from FEMA to fund your stupid racist wall!
You are merely a president of words, not a president of actions. We need action.
It's easy to sit in your mansion and tweet messages. How about actually doing something for America?
Why haven't you mentioned the earthquake in Mexico yet? Is it because you consider them the enemy?
No you stupid moron it is because a hurricane is comming over to Florida , you are such a waist of a human being.
Seen in a yard in Orlando as we brace for #IrmaHurricane2017
"My fellow Americans. I am a climate change denier. I'll ensure that we have more storms & bigger storms in the future.
Sincerely, Don"
"I will defund FEMA to ensure that we have a harder & harder time recovering from these killer storms. 
You're welcome."
"I don't understand elementary school level science & I believe in corporate profits over the good of the people.
MAGA!"
You believe that a hurricane in the Caribbean is proof of human caused climate change,  but then you ridicule Trump's intelligence,  steve.
I'm so glad you're in charge and not Killary. 
Oh yeah come for Hillary, the person who was there when they made the call to kill osama, and there with the people during 9/11. Grow up
Do you support our POTUS?
VOTE & RETWEET TO REACH MORE PEOPLE.
Those saying no should leave the country.
I'm already not there.Donnie and his GANG should leave and live in Russia they just LOVE Russia & Putin.
This only goes to show what a Sadistic LIAR he is!

If I worked in the White House, I'd get everyone to talk about "the aliens" but to suddenly stop every time Trump walks into the room
Wow, and you're also dumb enough to think that's funny
I am in the storm.  Lights go on and off . Winds r high . I am in lido beach ...
Amerikka the Vulture! "profiting" off the misery of others! Read Confessions of an Economic @economic_hitman
Thank you Mr Trump. I think you are an awesome president
Stop talking about f--king hurricanes. There is more going on in the US than hurricane http://problems.Life  happens so we all deal.
It is a major issue to everyone who lives there... if you lived there you'd be begging for help.
I lived here in St. Louis. My daughter was a white kid in a mostly black elementary school when ferguson happened. She cried everyday. #pain
That happened under Obama... not Trump...
Yeah it randomly happened under Obama, just like Hurricanes happen under Trump. Neither are good but we have to stop playing the sob card.
Idk if you've seen what happened to Houston, but it's in shambles and with two more on the way, I'd say it's important to help those people
Keep reminding yourself that climate change isn't real 
CLIMATE CHANGE IS A HOAX
We love you and @FLOTUS and are so proud of how you both represent USA
I'm more proud than you are Deb! :)
Say wha.....lol

LOL
You're a Keeper too BTW
Thank you Harold...how nice of you

I wish #45 would stop lying everything he opens his mouth. A man's word is his bond, "#45 has no bond when it comes to his word, just lies!
Hurricane Irmer
With 30000 scientists backing him up.
We are not fellow Americans. I'm ashamed of my country and you work for us.
What Administration? You repelled and replaced them all.
Old wine with new label: make America great(er) again. What about: I was rethinking, there is #climatechange 1/2
"Irmer"
You are not credible Donald . Reading from TelePrompTer bc u don't proper language. Resign n take Javanka away
For God's sake save Brazil from ISLAMIC Communism and terrorism. Save Brazil for God.
@Alternative Facts
Ahhh how cute you made your own little video because you were not invited to be on the video of BETTER PRESIDENTS!!!
That Fat man Chris Christie is hungry!
Thank you for caring so much President Trump! Praying 4 ALL in the path of Hurricane Irma ; & praying still for Texas!
.@POTUS Time to acknowledge climate change!
Sounds like you are describing your administration...
The shit storm you're in can't be hidden by your pathetic bleating. Mexico needs help too people. They're hurting too.
『真相深入り！#虎8 楽屋入り！』2017/9/15配信
日本の #テロメディア がアメリカに上陸の #ハリケーン の
大惨事を一切日本国民に伝えない 
安倍総理も自民党日本人国会議員が
テロメディアの #報道テロ に萎縮
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhGXiEemOVA …
【#テキサス親父 日本事務局】
テキサス州のハリケーンに関して-お願い
テキサス親父が日本の為に大奮闘
2017/08/30 http://staff.texas-daddy.com/?eid=527   #jugem_blog
ผมมีแนวความคิดวิธีที่จะป้องกันพายุฮอริเคนนี้ได้ลดความรุนแลงได้ครับใครที่อ่านภาษาไทยได้ช้วยแปลให้หน่อยนะครับเบอร์โทร0913598351
The different camera angles are not impressive..
to be frank, i am not much interested in you in personal, even hard to breath in and out feeling to control freak.
First thing of yours I've liked.  Congratuations?
Your citizans need no silly words and empty promises. They need a policy to heel the world and the nature. Right now!
Considering his eccentricities, Pres Trump leaves me feeling proud to be an American because he's proud to be an American!  good ppl
You're tearing down ever department that is there to help Americans. How much do you plan on milking off this storm?  17,000 last time!!
Great Message by a Great Leader!!!  Thank You POTUS Trump!!!
once again lip service, not more, not less
 everyone keep florida in your heart, prayers, and thoughts. it's been non-stop today especially..tropical storms & tornando warnings

Sorry, most of your fellow citizens CAN'T STOMACH a video of you churning out likely-dishonest blather. If it's important, find another way.
Hurricane Irmer?
Why is it that y'all (being normal ignorant liberals) won't give the man a break? Oh wait? Is it because he said mean things? #maga#merica
Thank you Mr President
Thank u for handling this like a boss! OMG, if crooked Hil was Prez, she would find a way to get a kick back to the Clinton Found.
Thank you, mr glorious leader. Never listen to the doubters. They hate us cuz they ain't us #MAGA
Climate change is a lie of course, the deniers will shout from the rooftops, because the insides under water.
You actually read the speech written for you rather well off the prompter. Well done. No caveman speak! You are evolving. #trump
SHUT UP 
Arnt you trying to sell hats to texas even though a hurricane just wiped out a huge amount of homes there?

and we must spend more money on sience. But such a sentence would never come from your lips. 2/2
What is with that awful camera angle
Was trying to find his good side but had to give up in the end (he doesn't have ANY good side).

@realDonaldTrump like the new hair cut!
Seriously, who is tweeting for you? Phone confiscated?
You are even more ridiculous when you try to look like you actually give a .
Trump is a turdbag. A useless reality TV person. Go away.
You know who is responsible for the recovery that you say is going so well? The "deep state"
C'est
I love my president. Liberals would rather see him fail than this country succeed. Still whining...
@realDonaldTrump @ScottPruittOK Now is not the time to talk #climatechange? I bet we do after the decimation of #MaraLago! #dumbanddumber
No, trump will just scam the insurance company again. Last scam was 17M!
Take care America, Australia is thinking of you. Stay safe and God bless you all
Brought to you by the guys who suppress climate change research & regulations. Sad & stupid.
SHUT UP!!!!!
#HurricaneIrmer 
Soooo do you get global warming & climate change yet?
Resign
Great message! Thank you Mr. President! You are doing a great job with these disasters!
Thank you Mr. President
They have to use a 2-camera shot because he can't stay on point for more than a few seconds.  Film w/two & edit it to the best they can get.
"...nothing is more important than the safety and security of our people..." unless you're black, mexican, gay, transgender, muslim...
Not
Self-engrandizement is a federal offense.
Americans are thankful for you're quick respond and support  you're a president that cares for it's citizens 
Where is this Hurricane Irmer you speak of?
Thank you
Thanks Prez. For keeping us in Florida informed.We got to Get the corrupt crooked politicians out of D.C. On both sides of the isle.
God bless you President Trump.  America deserves good leadership and you are proving to be that leader.  Don't surrender to the "swamp."
You'll look back on this tweet one day 10 years from now when you're all grown up and think:

"damn how drunk was I?"
It's ashame that you drink to intoxication.  You should seek help.  Ask your doctor what you should do.  God bless you.
Thank you General Kelly for the puppet reading your words.
God Bless you Sir a strong leader when our country needs it most!
Using a destructive storm to push your tax reform is disgusting.

Clueless.
I can't even look at this with the sound off.
Not presidential??? Sounds very convincing to me. #realDonaldTrump

Omg Meredythe! That's exactly what I thought! I'm dying! 
Hehe. I'm also a nervous wreck for my hometown but I couldn't resist. Humor is a coping mechanism.
I couldn't agree more! I use humor all the time! People just assume I'm soulless 
Soulless? Sure. But you have baked goods.  come to the dark side we have vegan brownies 
Bahhhhh hahahaha!
Ick
Good, considering one month ago, right now he can't  ovoid ,well done Nkorea launched its latest  1 0 day ago small comment from him
You are a traitor , therefor not an American . This message is for your fellow Russians ( who like the rest of us , can't stand you ).
Always the apprentice. Never a real president.
hubbli-dharwad mmf(film industry) bjp plan and indian army(sports car) congress plan?! there all b.v.v.s sanga bagalkot?!
watch on tv9 news
Some people understand what humanity is all about as they continue to be helpful in the midst of danger & disasters. 

Thank you all!
Resign.
@MrBacon2015 irmer
@mcolfer02
Please help a family in need after #HurricaneIrma. We are losing our home, and need help. Humbled.
We are well prepd for disasters. dealing with a yuge, mega, gargantuan 1 since Nov. 8th. Plz spare FL your fly by's & just send that $
God responding to the mass murders america causes in other countries...
Thx you Mr.President
You can read a prompter..good for you!(cough cough) lies!
You never hear anybody mentioned Puerto Rico or the Virgin Islands he's amazing!
Thank you Mr. President 
45 don't  forget to tell ppl in Florida to have a great time. Sad
Time to join the rest of the world in the Paris Accord don't ya think? We can only be backwards hillbillies for so long,
It's called climate change Donald :-(
Yeah you gotta be safe from hurricane Ermerh
Haha
This heart warming speech is one that will go down in history,the past President's have never said anything like that ever,now they are..
Coming on tv and ask for money to help the storm victims, B.S. if they want 2 help shell out some of the money they stuffed in their pkts.
You really know how to say the storm's name correctly
President Humpty TRUMPTY less talk more action and no more FAKE NEWS ! BAD VERY BAD.
Thank you, Mr. President. You and your administration are doing a great job.
Even God hates you for being our President
Thank you for your greatness Mr President!!!!
You do realize that this is global warming, right? The only other logical explanation is that the planet knows you r a bad president
Hey Ed?
 Just take your meds like a good boy. ..
Message from kellyanne conway read by the holier than thou trump.
And u want to defund FEMA haha...I bet u think climate change isn't real..what time is golf today?
