The President is at best the biggest disgrace that ever rested his disgusting head on the White House pillow.



Your credibility is zero. CNN will survive longer than you.
They already have NO CREDIBILITY!
Translation: I'm in a total meltdown because of the news, my ratings are tanking since election and my credibility will soon be gone!
CNN is booming thanks to the high quality of their factual reporting and strong people who do not let you or your applogists get away with lying.   You're the one melting down because of it.
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @mashable
Actually Hanity’s ratings are down and others are trending upward. Besides what the hell does your job have to do with ratings? You colluded with Moscow and conspired against the American people to win an election at all cost. Such a poor President badly!
you were quoted in a story by @nytimes




it's so funny that when you replace the SUBJECT of most of your critical tweets with DJT, it still works.
They need to adjust to a real president, and not just Flowery reporting
You are in a total meltdown cuz your ratings are terrible! #crookederthanhillary
Worst liked president in history 
LMAO, coming from you! WHAT A JOKE!
Trump created fake news with birther movement. Completely disrespectful. Payback Donnie.
I'm in Mexico and today Mexicans and I (canadian) were laughing at "the wall" and how stupid your voters are. #Idiocracy
seems you are the one having the meltdown. Your credibility is shot because you lie like the rug on your dome.
And @CNN was by far the most watched cable news network last night, above Fox... http://www.adweek.com/tvnewser/scoreboard-tuesday-january-10/316926 …
How can Gloria Borger expect to be taken seriously after revealing herself as little more than a sycophant?
Sounds to me like Donald J Trump is in total meltdown.. Kelly Anne Conway's "defense" was a complete disaster

this is so awesome !!
u going to release your tax returns to support you don't have Russian dealings?
all hail comrade trump in the trump shower 
you are a special kind of stupid
Where did all your Pepe-loving twitter accounts go? Did you decide not to pay them?
Cutbacks!
U need a dictionary. @CNN saw major viewership gains during the 2016 election, &a post-elect. decline was fairly inevitable
The only fake thing yesterday was the piles of paperwork you put on a desk to make us think you can read #whyIMarch
I'm going to have CNN on 24 hours a day now. On all my TVs and my phone.
@realDonaldTrump why are you so scared of CNN? You have spent 2 days going after them. Don't U have something more important coming up?
their credibility was gone a very long time ago why people still watch the MSM is baffling.
great to see you try to tear down a USA company because they criticize U. What do you claim is inacvurate? #OfferFacts
I don't think that word means what you think it does #inconceivable #trumperdink
London, England
Mr. Pdt, respect for the media, even the 1s you don't agree with, is key in our democracy, unless you are from Russia.
...then you wouldn't give a ...you know what!
CNN has not had credibility for a very long time.
if 10% of that doc is true your are unfit to lead. you should be in JAIL
BIRTHER
Ok for you to give out fake news but when negative true news about you then you call that fake You're Fake!
I thought @CNN credibility already was gone #BoycottCNN !! #MAGA! !
It's been gone long time ago now Mr President
what is wrong with you? You should seriously see as doctor. You have good insurance I'm sure. So sad! #NotMyPresident
@SenJohnMcCain My hero! thank you McCain for standing up to bullies. McCain for hero.
silence old fool!!
is NOT ONLY FAKE NEWS but also Paid agenda news & Filtered news? Liberal media worldwide mafia must b broken & exposed
The freedom of lying have to come to an end. Well done Mr Trump
.@realDonaldTrump Oh my. I hoped a good night's sleep would help, but you need to stop this CNN fixation. People are laughing at you, angel.
I am not laughing CNN is a joke and thats commin knowledge. Its about time someone did something about it
Boycottt #PeeNN!
Your claim that #CNN reports fake news is fake news.
i was boycotting media since election but i might have to support @CNN. They are under assault and we need to stand with them.
's claim is dung. @CNN reported that U.S. intel released the memo.
U.S. intelligence is not saying memo is true or false. Just that it exists, and that's what CNN reporting. So Trump is wrong.
Trump being wrong is not New, but is NEWS. When a Pres Lies, Its news. Thats why he hates Media
.@realDonaldTrump "Fake news" refers to fiction masquerading as journalism. It's not an accusation to be lobbed at anyone you disagree with.
Okay, so @CNN





what they've inflicted upon
Themselves, is unforgiving It's to late for. Kissing the
Other  cheek !!

In my opinion, CNN has more credibility than you. I'm not a journalist & want to see your tax returns.
#BanCNN #BanFakeNews #BanHolllywood #MAGA!
You say fake, I say you are a scared sissy. You know it's true, you just trying to deny whatever truth is told. #TruthHurts
- CNN will always be around. You on the other hand will NOT ...SAY 6 MONTHS PUSHING A YEAR THATS IT!
Trump claims everything is FAKE. He's as fake as his wife's tits.
most people didn't vote for you. I think you will be gone soon!!!
Coming from the guy who sited THE NATIONAL ENQUIRER as VALID JOURNALISM? I call bullshit, it's not working. #liar
We called CNN the "Commie News Network" back in 1981. It was a joke then. No credibility to lose. LONG gone....
You come up with A LOT of fake news stories yourself, lies and mistruths!  NOT GOOD!  Start acting POTUS!

Donald, you are the fake. You can't take any criticism. You will make America a laughing stock
DONALD TRUMP HAS THE MENTALITY OF AN 8 YEAR OLD GIRL ON MY SPACE.
what  has ratings got to do with it if you want ratings you only have a 44%satisfaction rating as PRES elect  #sad
-- CNN & the Intel Community deserves an APOLOGY from you! Are you man enough?  Or, too PIN-headed?
Instead of reporting news they use inflammatory expressions especially towards you.. Its intentional.
Their credibility is already gone. Only the brain dead listen to them! #PresidentDonaldJJTrump <3
@TarekFatah @CNN God will take trump side and make him to do world upright from upleft
'Sarve jana sukhinoo bhavanthu'
And the man that claims every source of news that mentions him (besides Fox) as fake wont begin to lose credibility?
We believe CNN. Only your blind followers believe anything you say.
@DiamondandSilk @CNN their credibility is gone #FakenewsCNN
They are pathetic just to listen to them for 1 minute. I will never watch the Clinton news network ever again.
just Like you
You are a SICK man, Donald!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I hope they sue you for slander!!!!!!
I was in  Vietnam fighting in ur place as a 1st Lt in the USMC while I were buying deferments-Draft Dodger/Coward
Really looking forward to the next four years of you going after anyone who doesn't suck up to you.
#BUZZFEED owned by NBC/COMCAST. #FCC should punish #NBC and #comcast. Comcast owns BO and Trump may not be bought.
GOOD We need a Better FCC what happened t that???
ayiyiyiyiyi. Stop this stupid shit and try learning something that will actually help you TRY to run this country.
CNN my new go to donny
Um... you never had any to begin with.
could it be because they fed Hillary the questions
I'm sorry one day Your will apologize to CNN and MSNBC with Fox. Act like a President be a President....
We are here to support you and see them a bad memory.
my god act presidential and stop projecting.  And comming from mr birthed claiming fake news is rich.
Dude. Stop acting like a child, get off Twitter and do your job. You might be a joke; the office of POTUS is not.
I hope you do well  President-elect Trump
Suspend their press pass.
No one is going to melt down but you. Crooked Donald , creepiest creep. This isn't hate, it's truth.
whoops....first hooker coming out of the closet
They'll outlast you!  #TrumpleThinSkin
is the first channel I go to for news. Stop bashing everyone and every news outlet who tells the truth about your lies
Could you at least try & direct any of your anger  at Russia rather than your fellow Americans, comrade President?
#TOOL
How about Lets DUMP THE TRUMP!!
@seanhannity   There you go again picking fights with the media. Tsk, tsk.
It must be bad at CNN. They are sniping at each other now.

So sad that you finally are living in the real world where people disagree with you; get used to it; 3 mill. are angry
Wow you even lie to yourself
Fake news will immediately stop,WHEN we confirm the lie, expose the source, & fine the Journalist. It's that easy.
http://www.bestpayingptcsites4.blogspot.com 
Trump, please get over your fixation on CNN and bad tweets and start running the country! I mean honestly...
Donald, you are a big baby.
Looks like you are getting nervous by the amount if tweets that you are posting. Show us your passport, Donnie!
I am mourning the loss of so many journalists.....never thought this could happen in the US...
I love @CNN!
I stopped watching years ago when I saw the biases!  They are all fake from top to bottom and in the tank for HRC!
Not gonna work Donnie.What @CNN reported was true and most of us know it. What's Putin got on you? It must be "bigly"
you are so full of it.  Stop.   Just stop.  You're making yourself look like a foolish child.
will be around much longer than you....Traitor!!!!!!!
Nobody knows meltdowns as much as you do.
You son-in-law running your twitter feed! Trump does not know how to tweet!
What kind of message are we sending our children? That's ok to be a bully like Dump?Most kids respect a POS, not dump
: your ratings are the lowest ever of any presidential elect. Glad you're setting records
CNN is absolutely pathetic and disgusting.
that's hysterical coming from u who lost by 3 million votes! u reached more than half disapproval ratings ur 1st week
your enemy is not Muslims or Russia. Your enemy stands in front of u; mr. Soros, mr. Rockefeller, ms. Queen .... !
why have the right to criticize my government when instead I can carry a gun?

CNN Defends Their Reporter And Is Refusing To Apologize To Press Bully #Trump via @politicususa
Nazis condemned & censored what they  considered "un German." Seems as though you are doing the same w/anything...
"un Trump." Stop trying to control the media. Nazi is not a good look. #fakepresident
IF they are fake news,  it's only fitting.!  YOU are a fake human.
Obama 4 more years lol
CNN is totally trustworthy, and will expose you for the phony you are.
Using larger font does not make what you're saying true. You know that right? @realDonaldTrump @CNN
CNN is a bias media network.

Any person that mocks another for a Disability, lacks the grace and dignity to hold ANY POSITION in government.
As if YOU ever had any credibility!
Down Adolf. Down.
Which fake news? Fox and Breitbart, I presume.
You are also very good in fake news creation.That's from the die-hard showman in you.
I turn on CNN for the cooking and travel shows only, otherwise they are not on my TV
grow up, Stay off twitter! You will be our president in less than a week!!  grow up!!  Please!!!!!
You're the King of FAKE.
i disagree.i watch cnn and they report the news acurately each and every time i watch which is daily
I hope you see this but I am so proud that you called out CNN and I am sick of former administration giving out ...
I hope CNN is gone soon all they, do is brain wash those whom tune in to their nonsense.
.@realDonaldTrump You are a human KICK ME poster on America’s back.
Speaking of credibility...
Don, you are the meltdown. You are #toxic and you will destroy our country. How about a long vacay to #Russia? #buhbye
YOUR credebility IS already gone! So much evidence of you saying one think, to later say the exact opposite in your own TL
Didn't President Obama kind of accuse FOX NEWS of the same? They survived, as will CNN
Says the fake President. Trust CNN more than you
the world is laughing at you
love CNN you are the FAKE ILLEGITIMATE 3 million people said so

trump is a real danger to our democracy and our constitutional rights. #unfit #thinskinned #bawlbaby #illiterate
Wow you are so annoying.  Stop being so defensive, you are acting like someone who did something wrong.
Come on, Donald! Restrain yourself!! You'll be president soon and will face all news sources
