Pro tip: When you’re involved with helping a foreign power rig the US election in your favor, maybe don’t talk about stuff being rigged all the freaking time.
More deflection from a guilty person. Trump’s MO when negative stories about him are a center piece in the media, he uses twitter to manipulate clueless followers.
WOW!!  The House Intelligence Committee ended the investigation before it was over!! A rigged bigot system that is trying to protect the demented one!!
Replace Hillary Clinton with Donald Trump and James Comey with House Intelligence Committee and you are correct
The system is rigged alright. How else did you get in the oval office??? It sure wasn't the people that voted you in!!!
#Operation #JailThatBitch Crooked Hillary massive Ponzi scheme disguised as ASFA profiting trafficking #OurChildrenAreNot4Sale #AbolishCPS
@RepAdamSchiff IS A CROOK. 
SHOULD RESIGN FROM CONGRESS
GO PRESIDENT TRUMP, MAGA :) :) :)
We're coming for her
Must really have nothing left that you still gotta use Mrs Clinton as your bogey woman to scare your Rightwing nuts


The world is shaking in its boots....
Whatcha gonna do about that, Mr. President?
I don’t understand why you have not released that memo, u have the authority to declassify any and all documents. Thanks. Flm
Comey was instructed by Lynch to USURP and Exonarate Hillary :  This is what @BillClinton and @LorettaLynch concocted on the infamous tarmac meeting. Thus releasing lynch from taking a position
You watch too much Faux News. Infamous tarmac meeting... Bahahahahah. But meetings with Russians at Trump Towers doesn't bother you the least though???? Tool
The left is a swamp of corruption
You should know about rigging right Comrade #Dotard? #MuellerIsComingForYou
Yep
Shut up and play golf until the Marshals arrive
Wow, looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was over...and so much more. A rigg...
But there's a question of fabricated or fabric that's all that remains for me.  THE BIG E
Was the the fear of the sideshow worse than the curtain closing and never knowing was it dangerous or a saving grace to overcome
She has a secret kitty with a spun pun and roses smell better than tagged migratory purposeless frocks to hear about as you walk japan
#Truth #Facts      
The rabbis on the other lucky foot. Blissfully so
Tick Tock, Trump. It's Mueller Time.
What about the Russian sanctions u have ignored 4 a month? #PeePeeTape #PutinsLittleBitch #distractionfromtherealissues #DontMakeDaddyMad
Please don't start tweets w/ "Wow"... it makes you sound like a teen stoner from the '60s.  Besides, it constitutes a premature ejaculation.
They need to go to jail!
Wow you’ve been pretty patient watching and waiting for this ugly onion to be peeled and revealed. MAGA
Just stand back and watch the circus unfold. Wonder how many people are going to have to hide on this one. You are so great. Love it.
Well i hope he is prosecuted. Martha stewart went to jail for not telling the truth. How about Comey?
Just a simple honest heartfelt realization to the public that they were tricked by the inside. Were I was put to learn and reform somehow
There is only one of me in a city and states its been working for. Now the federal government making it harder for my big voice to be respec
AG Sessions dismiss Rosielnstein & Mueller! "They cannot be on any investigation! Crooks
Let's take it down boss.
so tell me why Session sis not opening an investigation into Comey and reopening Hillary's! Both should be in a jail cell!
What Now Then ? Ask BiBi what you are to do like always....
released and true... criminal @HillaryClinton , why cant we get nuclear isotope sources on the cheap?.....
And you pardoned a racist sheriff before he was even sentenced! Seems you want your cake & wanna eat it too.
So when are you going to see that justice is served.  Lock them up like you promised.
Y isn't ur DOJ doing anything abt this? Y isn't ur DOJ reopening Clinton email investigation? #thefixwasinattheFBI #twotierjusticesystem
Why is he still free both he Hillary and Soros has to be thrown in jail.
For what? Colliding to throw an election?
only you are riggged!  Comey. Could tell early, it was a witch hunt!  Worry about your own self...tick tock
The only part that was rigged was when TRUMP forced Comey to bring up the emails again just before November 8. Trump Dump!!
Wikileaks's has a birthday present for Hillary on the 26th !!
Yes @realDonaldTrump . We know it’s rigged...isn’t that how you’re there? 

Where the heck is Sessions!!!!!!! DO SOMETHING!!! DO THEY OWN THIS COUNTRY NOW??
And what is going to be done about it?
Deplorables indeed.
Son-in-law?
Stop lying
That's because Hillary Clinton wasn't Guilty of anything But you ARE!!!!
Why doesn't our children recite the I pledge allegiance to the flag in schools anymore
That's how the Democrats work they can get away with all their illegal Acts if we have one hair out of place they pointed it out for a month
Do something please
You're still tweeting on this shit! And enough with the NFL CRAP! FOCUS ON THE DISASTERS & PEOPLE SUFFERING IN PUERTO RICO! &ELSEWHERE!  
In center events Bazhenova N.P.
Syck dick 
The degree of stress.
Someone who helps a lot of person deserves to be released #FreeKevinTrudeau
A rigged system indeed....somehow you won!
But Donald won?  What am I missing.
Time to investigate. Comey can't give her freedom w/o a trial.
POTUS if you are going to support RINOS how can we support you? Roy Moore is on your side!
Get Sessions to work to investigate Comey. That guy's a tall snake.
Crooked Hilary is a POS that cost Military personnel their lives in a brutal way in Benghazi , she needs to Rot in HELL
Get Her done
LOL. 
President TRUMP,  Rome wasn't built in a day. You ain't going to Drain the Swamp in 9 months, it's going to take a long time.
MAGA
Your rigged
President Trump is doing a wonderful job with America i would like to see America be great again thank you President Trump
And  now you want to give amnesty to 11 million illegals while 90 million citizens live in poverty, so much for MAGA, shoud've elected HRC
You got that right Mr. President.
Can you just worry about the states effected by the hurricanes they need a president to help them not worry about a past please help them
Hepl me
Stop worrying about Hillary Clinton anf concentrate on your job, or is that too much to ask
Dude ure the president, fix it
So do something about it.
Who will prosecute??
It is sickening but we all knew something was very wrong!
lol
So, what the heck are you waiting for?! Prosecute Hillary, Comey, Lynch, Podesta!! Also, stop bombing! No more wars!! #NoDeepState!!
Wow, you are up to your neck in kool aid - time to step back and do some research and rethink your political positions
Thank God we have you to clean up & uncover all the corruption.Keep draining that swamp.We are behind you100% @realDonaldTrump #SUPPORTTRUMP
So what are you going to do about it ?
The Arnold's are behind you Commander in chief
You are in charge of the administrative branch. Act like it.
you, of all people, should never use the word "rigged."
Lock both Comey and Clinton up.
So why isnt sessions going after him or anyone else involved? Must still be rigged I guess
STOP. THE DAMAGE IS DONE. WHYYYYYY WHYYY ITS BEEN A WHOLE SUMMER. #SAD
Are you serious President Trump? Why are you back peddling from the issues that got you elected? What is your position now?
Justice must be served no one is above the law
Not him hiLIARy
Lied under oath. When will he be arrested?
I'm not surprised.
Comey was in cahoots with Lynch( I cannot answer the question)
Irony: 1,000's claim you're fascist, yet have the freedom and safety to criticize you on Twitter. U.S. dealing w/ outbreak of lost logic
Please, pls get rid of any lingering holdovers that allow AG Sessions to continue to send redacted reports, emails to Judicial Watch
If the adults cannot ACT decent or respectful towards the President, how will the next generation behave?
Yep a riged system you got i office
Yes it is
Get over this crap of lies you insist on.  You are Not taking the eyes off your Russia stuff.  NOTHING was found on Hillary unlike you.

Rigged system? I can relate!! My @advocatehealthcase was rigged 2 be a fund raiser 4 certain national Dems using my Dem party membership
You are still talking about a rigged system?  Give me a break!
Yes deeply rigged and how this woman gets away with all her crimes IS NOT HONEST
What the hell
put Hillary Clinton in jail
Wells Fargo the night before they have to notify consumer of unauthorized accounts n make financial restitution ... DELETE DELETE DELETE
I believe it was you who chose not to investigate Hillary
only system was rigged was putin turning votes from HRC to you! We will find out
My God, you are like Sacco and Vanzetti rolled into one.
Agree system is rigged
You are the product of a rigged system
Change the system so that it's not rigged.  If you're not happy with  something get the people & votes  behind you. Then u can do something

Which president took down bin Laden.  I'll give you a hint,  it's the black guy your supreme leader is envious of and trying to erase F.H.
You rigged the election dummy trump. But you won't bein office next term cause we going to watch your sneaky crooked asz this time.
Mr. President, I am a sincere supporter of yours. What would it take to have AG Sessions actually open an investigation.  Drain the Swamp.
It's time for a national voter ID card.
Only 1 vote per actual citizen!
The corruption must end if we ever hope to drain the swamp. #MAGA
I've been dealing with the corrupt family court for over a decade. The establishment doesn't like common sense or equal treatment.
You should talk. 
Maybe you and The Kush could share a cell? 
And Daddy, too.
Yet you still refuse to #LockHerUp
Says the person who lost the popular vote and has the lowest popularity rating of any presdiant ever
spell much?
He's a WEASEL!
He is a criminal
The only rigged system is the illegal, nepotism and lie laden one that elected you. #RESIGN #resist #IMPEACHTRUMP #notmypresident
We have know that for weeks when is Congress and the justice department gona do something about it
No surprise to me Mr President @realDonaldTrump time to get Jeff Sessions involved
I just saw a commercial with Democratic Presidents rallying to collect funds for H. Harvey.  After what the Clintons did to Haiti?

Mr President you're admin has got to investigate and prosecute the Clintons or momentum will never change. We weren't asking. #LockHerUp
Baloney
@dovewan @jeffsessions should reopen Clinton
Darn right
That's unbelievable and so fucked up.I. so upset to hear that.
Drain the swamp
Hillary gave him several blow jobs.....
Then do something about it like you promised in your campaign.  Don't give her a pass.
These political elites and secret police have to be prosecuted
Deputy attorney general needs to be replaced. Drain the Swamp! He is no friend to patriotic Americans.
#idiot#whyareyoupresident cause you clearly don't really give two sh*ts about the people in danger
You'll have to get over that you only won because of cheating.  But you won't be able to get out of this.  I hope you enjoy small spaces!
#TooBigToJail
Figures
No justice in the FBI anymore. Justice dept. Is flawed beyond belief. The DC elite have become un-touchable, for now.
I just realized if you type dee-are-you-em-pee-aitch on his twitter feed, they won't let you post it! Ha ha ha! So funny!
Move on. There are huge problems in this country right now. Focus Donald, focus.
Help me
Continue your agenda
As a school nurse in Hackensack NJ I wonder why we don't offer Spanish lessons to Americans .
Omg!!!
Dream on orange-man
Thank you Mr. President Trump for speaking to us the people on Twitter. Your letting us know the truth.
Can't wait for that Mueller report.
RUSSIA
Jealous much?
A rigged system is firing the guy investigating you
So what are going to do about this?

Definitely a fake media doesn't seem to notice this and this is truly a Witch Hunt.
fake media doesn't seem to mind the corruption on the left.
Send sessions a message, to investigate!
Don, we know you're busy. Can you give Melania a break and send her over for a visit. We want to talk foreign affairs.
Wow. You start tweets wit wow, just like a 12
Year old.
THAT IS LIKE THE SAYNG "GO FIGURE!" 
THATS A HUGHHHH WOW!!!I SO CORRUPT
Are still on Clinton? Get the fuck over it!!!
enough already. try being president.
Coach it's been rigged for along time now. That why we hired you. Don't stop fighting the establishment ever. Give them all ya got.We r here
