Fucking pussy ghani 
THANK YOU...MR PRESIDENT..

The Truth is WHAT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WANT!!
Anyone notice how Donnie is always sitting at the edge of a seat in that weird posture. Lmao
I am sure he was pleased with the opiate production
We do what you are doing in the war in Afghanistan. You do not wanna burn
We'll be here every day
There is a war-bus in the last week,
You do know they all get together to discuss what a fool United States has as president 
Do you support our POTUS?
VOTE & RETWEET TO REACH MORE PEOPLE.
You Liberals who want to impeach the President for no reason are traitors to our Republic! What, you want a socialist government? #Stupidity
We love you president trump!
Seriously. Who is this “we”? Please, not everyone loves the guy.
Make America Great Again!
10 minutes before the President's  speech. Don't be a shill for the MSM. They are laughing at you.
Prove it
He's just another Trump too who wants military gear.
U doing a good job Mr President  thx !
Prove it ya putz
Boom #MAGA 
Thank you @POTUS for being an awesome representation of America, it's citizens and it's beliefs!!!! I love and appreciate you!! 
WRONG!

Hey Trump did you have help spelling that? And can you pronounce his name?
Why the police in the hospital!
https://youtu.be/KQ35xjZIuHM 
Cheers
Can you divulge some of the things you discussed?
Retweet if you think Twitter should prohibit Trump from blocking people and abridging the First Amendment to the Constitution!
This is America and EVERYONE has the right to see and respond to our President!
It's his personal twitter account, jut log out and see it

Hillary Clinton Considers Destroying Trump By Challenging The Legitimacy Of The 2016 Election via @politicususa http://www.politicususa.com/2017/09/18/hillary-clinton-considers-destroying-trump-challenging-legitimacy-2016-election.html …
I bet it was miserable for him

トランプ　プーチン
.
When is the President of Nambia going to visit?
When's that meeting with the king of Nambia?
And it's a pleasure to have you represent the people. The MAGA army across the planet thanks you for all that you do.
Sure you don't want to just start a war with them? @realDonaldTrump
God bless you Mr. President 
More and more "tremendous" embarrassment. Let's not forget about #Nambia too. I certainly can't wait to see you gone for good! #UNGA
Keep throwing those Judas Iscariot Republicans under the bus! We will take of them come 2018
Good
Fantastic speech at the #UNGA!
"The problem with Venezuela is not that socialism has been poorly implemented, but that (it) has been faithfully implemented." -@POTUS Trump
Are you from Venezuela?  You seem to know so much about it.
Why have u destroyed sfghanistan

go Mr. President. #MAGA oh and while I'm here #EndDACA thanks.
I'm sorry you feel this way, & your acronym was wrong that should have been MAWA. But I feel sorry for you
sorry your wrong again. We are back in front, we've been laughed at for the past 8 yrs under Obummer
what are you talking about. We don't Shhh on him. And I'm not racist. You don't even know me. Typical Lib
U r doing way above & beyond what ur supporters even expected of u, Sir.
Keep up the great work as POTUS.
MAGA 2020
America First Mr. President 
Most people in #Afganistan just want #US troops 2 f*ck off outta their homes. I couldn't stand being this close 2 #Trump if I were Ghani
Yah puppets are always welcomed #Trump
At least you remembered the name of his country
Please resign
I loved the speech President Ashraf Ghana of Afghanistan gave today. It seems he is committed and pleased to be working with President Trump
Excellent Job to all our military#MAGA
U meet Afghanistan president but u not meet Pakistan prime minister way ? Shame on u
Easy likes
Don't you wanna bomb them?
I wish we had a President. Instead we ended up with a #RussianPuppet.
Here:

https://tshirtabtract.com/products/election-president-trump-russian-puppet-pullover-sweatshirt-8-oz-1?utm_medium=cpc&utm_source=googlepla …
According to me, this tweet matches up with this one from July 2013: https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/352118094841384963 …
Always stay strong Mr. President and we will always stay strong for you

Afghanistan is a key ally in the region. Let's not mess things up
Did you happen you watch this Donnie??
Every time you thank another leader on Twitter all I can imagine is them laughing in your face
When will you be meeting the leader of Nambia???
HA HA HA..what a tool..can't even get names straight but he has that nuclear button..
Let's hope he will never get the code from nuclear botton !! He will be abel to push it
Both India and Afghanistan are victims of Pakistan sponsored terrorists. More sanctions on Pakistan.
Pakistan are victims of Indian sponsored TTP & JUA terrorist from Afghanistan whr APS was plan. Pak should continue to hit TTP if US won't
Get US out of there like you PROMISED
Of course both the countries are valuable contributors for India also 
So great.


USA a country without a president Afghanistan a president without a country
#NoAmnesty #BuildTheWall
Do you know where Afghanistan is located? Doubt it.  You're not smart and you refuse to learn.
Quit
Pres. Ghani sounds very sincere and grateful .
I think you should work on your posture. That, or get a bigger chair to sit in. Maybe a throne!?
Failed and fake president!
Good relations w/Afghanistan is vital. Thank you dear Pres.Trump. You're what America needs. God continue to bless you w/wisdom & Knowledge

Ask him how the opium production is going.

President Trump blocked a woman with stage 4 cancer on Twitter. 

Here’s her response: 
I sincerely appreciate what the Afghan President had to say. Thank you , sirs.
From a scotch man your doing a fanstatic job president trump we welcome you back to Scotland any time 
Didn't you say during your campaign that you were going to bring our troops home and stop these illegal useless wars?
Did you shake his hand? Any money to be made in Afghanistan Adolph. Maybe a Trump tower. #crookinchief
He's probably laughing at you like all the other world leaders.  Dumny.
@saadmohseni you should gone abdullah and ata from Afghanistan
Why can't you sit on a chair properly?


How do you say :  N A I B I A, located in Africa, just in case you didn't know. Thought I would educate you a bit. Seems you struggle @CNN
It's okay to #RESIGN, Donnie. No shame. Go back to NY & resume your old life. I'm sure you can monetize your time in office.
Just. Leave!
You probably mean Nambiastan.
good morning. Donald. how are we? I hope than well. I'm here for advice you!! simply for help you in advice.
Het valt me op dat de Donald elke keer als hij spreekt zegt "they/he are/is doing an incredible job!"
My guess is that he had a better handle on the English language than you do. Did he tell you that you are an utter failure of a human being?
Is Afghanistan near #nambia?
I Think İts time to understand that pashtonism is the main problem in Afghanistan

Please retweet this great photo of Crooked Donald far and wide! Let's make Don see it everywhere! @realDonaldTrump  
Fake president
Some of your people are the ones creating unnecessary enemies for Americans. We pay $170 for visa in Ghana but ur officers are not honest.
Why haven't you thanked the President of #Nambia for visiting yet? I understand he brought great #Covfefe.
#InternationalJoke
Mueller
Yeah 2 bad u racketeers want incessant war and learnt nothing in the last 17 years of occupation. U even went 7 years more than the Soviets!

Paul Manafort offered private briefings about #Trump campaign to Putin ally SAD!  #RussiaGate #DomesticTerrorists http://www.businessinsider.com/paul-manafort-private-briefings-on-trump-campaign-russia-putin-ally-2017-9 …
But do you meet or tweet?
Not for the population of Afghanistan who want you out!
Great job today !
I wish we could be finished with that country.  They will never be westernized it's hopeless
Just curious, do these world leaders ask you abt your role in colluding w/ Russia to steal the American election?
#trumprussia #muellertime
Did he thank you for the extra 5,000 troops you just sent to this quagmire?  15+ years, for what?  WAR profits.  #FlipFlopper in Chief.
Is he supporting Nambia?
Did you tell him all about Nambia?
I enjoyed having President Ghani with us, I told him how bad his terrorist are for America. Worst deal ever! SAD! #MAGA @realDonaldTrump
#TrickyTrump - a rotten man to the core.
I want to go back and help!!
All you people favoring #Trump should join the army and your children too and when you come back, if you do, tell me how great he is then.
Did the President of Nambia ever show up?
Oh no, not more name dropping!!
Oh, that's right, you'll just block me like you did her too make us go away!!!
We love you President Trump

Ha!! Thank you for using the word "Deplorables" Mr. President Moon Jae-In!
#GodBless @realDonaldTrump
Point to Afghanistan on a map

#MemoirProject:
Ch6(9/11) #AfghanistanInvasion
Ch8(Update) #AfghanistanOccupation
Ch9(Future) #AfghanistanLiberation
what a failed state Afghanistan is. they take no responsibility ever and keep asking for US help and blame neighbors
Thank you for being real..what a blessing it is to our country
You are telling lies!!!
Is he from Nambia?
More fake news from the office
Bringing the turmoil region together this might work out after UN, Trump talk with many important countries to put a stop on terror.
Did you enjoy the Bacha party afterwards?
We love you President Trump! God Bless you and God Bless America! #MAGA


There is more going on here than meets the eye. Pakistan has nukes and is a major player in Afghan terrorism...
Heard that wonderful exchange. What a great President America finally has.
Ha Ha Ha.....President Ashraf Ghani just farted in the beginning of that clip..lol
Dear mr trump saddened With the announcement of 3000 troops to Afghanistan If only their were patriot people to send them some care packages
I just wish those Heros knew how admired they were
Oh if only my country who aren't into morale boosting allowed more care packages
Great photo op.  Did you really remember who it was you were meeting with?
he is a good alliance, if it is achieved, good luck.

The pleasure was all yours
Good policy against Pakistan. Pakistan is the only terrorists supporter who creates problem in Afghanistan Must be destroyed from world map.
Why do we keep propping a Govt that is prolonging a divide in Afghanistan between Pashtuns & Non-Pashtuns?  
Reconcile the two & come home.
Resign
2 puppets in the same place!
Is he donating to your staffers' defense fund? #lockthemup #corruptWhiteHouse #treason #comradeTrump
That's a country right next to Ballsackistan right Donnie?
You are doing a phenomenal job for us and for the wand we are incredibly proud of you PTrump. Get rid of Traitor Sessions. 
Trump2020
World ; ) Covfefe-ing 
Adelante comandante general.. luchemos por la Democracia
Thusand Thanks from ur support and help
Great to see you are engaging in good dialogue. Hopefully you can agree to get the US out of his country soon!
You can't keep playing BMOC. The entire world calls you a fool. #TrumpRussia

OMG! Who spelled Afghanistan to you?

Keep up the good work!
To hear this ignorant ass open his mouth   is equal to his eloquent "looser" statement..it's like a child trying to sound smart..no brain.
Favorite pose.... pointing a fire hose?
#FakePresident: And next deal - with Russia..?
  #UNTRUMP THE WORLD  #FREETWITTER 
    http://trumpmusicvideo.com 
    https://www.facebook.com/freetwitter 
Did you call him assraft? We all know how you and 5 yr olds likes to call people names.

How many pictures need taking. Shut up and let the men speak ffs
must take care about statement against Pakistan
Here comes the coup de gras: you will cave on DACA and guarantee MABananarepublicA and Demoncrats rule forever!!!
I love my President Mohamad ashraf ghani

@defencepk tight slap on Pak for licking feet of terrorist like Hafiz Said N gang @TarekFatah
Regards :)
