GO GO GO GO GO!!! Thank you Mr President!
How is less disclosure better for the American people?
please stop tweeting crap of you talking. It's like fingernails down a chalkboard!
Why did you unfollow Kellyanne Conway? All WH twitter accounts just unfollowed her...why? #TrumpIsGoddamnRetarded
Oh, those were remarks?  And here I thought you were just blowing smoke up their ass.
Trump sirWill North Korea see the provocation?Remove

"I may have committed some light treason."

keep up the good work! Rome wasn't built in a day. America was turning into a bunch of pansies. Finally got our nuts back!!
great job
REMINDER: Obama went 8 years without a staff member resigning in scandal. W/ Michael Flynn, Trump couldn't last a month.
remember Obama deported 3 million people that works out to 1000 a week his entire presidency

When are we going to see jobs?  What about infrastructure?  You talk about it you're pretending to be a man of action, NOT
You're going down as the WORST PRESIDENT IN THE HISTORY OF THIS COUNTRY.
why keep referring your self as president Trump..YOU are that person.
.@realDonaldTrump How about getting an explanation of why you didn't force Flynn to resign sooner?  You knew about his call for weeks.

Betsy DeVos bought her job. Pay for Play!

Jesus, it's hard enough to listen to you. Your speech patterns are impossible to read. #yesicanread
'I really wish NBC had let me do a fifteenth season. None of this would have happened.'
are you a reporter now???
.@realDonaldTrump What better way to drain the swamp than roll back protections put in place after the recession!
Make America The Wild West Again!

https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/831621079747723264 …
Yes, Trump. This is what the Average Joe wanted! Less restrictive financial measures for oil and gas extraction!
and I, for one, wouldn't want anyone telling me if they'd given money to a government to get drilling rights. No siree
1 showy attempt for the voters, 2quiet things for his rich friends
Cause what's another Great Recession to get in the way of them making extra profits?
Or why should people expect those managing their retirement accounts do the right thing for their clients! On & on
It was always going to go this way. People are suckers. Rust belt screwed the country having a sexist tantrum
"thi is too long" and "Where is my pacifier"?
the president who hires the best idiots?
Okay, so someone else is now writing your twitter posts, right?
committed anymore treason lately? Spy ship on our coast. Missle launched and we hear nothing from you.
I'm finally believing in how you can #MAGA ....by resigning. 
#ByeFlynnicia
Not really interested. Everything from the White House is dictated by the Kremlin anyway. IMPEACH TRUMP!
thank you Mr President

hey presido,Hz the going?
will u invest in my vape pen company needing a small loan of 45 million dollars in return for 3% of our company @KingJames
great
@cher should be in there giving guidance, and common sense to you @realDonaldTrump 
You, @WhiteHouse and @POTUS all just unfollowed Kellyanne Connway... got something you wanna tell us?!?
Failed executive order, Flynn resignation, now CONway fired? WH is a joke rn... u did turn it into a show!
you're watching, aren't you. If he is you're one of the suckers watching.
You know you are (unfortunately) President Trump right?
WOW... 1 African American and female in the room.. Donny's great america!
Good work Mr.President. Take a bow.Another promise fulfilled.Big league!
#TheResistance
I feel like that u are doing a amazing job and keep smiling and stay safe and god bless
your doing g a great job Mr president God bless you and your family
Dems either ignorant or have no common sense to the fact that the PEOPLE VOTED HIM IN!
Its over.The leads you had Jan 20.is gone.Nothing will be done now.Ryan blew it big league. Bad day!
Did you remark about how the majority of Americans don't like you?
Pretty sure I just saw a poll saying he's at 50% currently which is climbing!
you're so funny!  check the facts:
I'll trust someone who didn't predict a landslide win for #crookedhillary for poll numbers ;)
Hillary  UP 3 million votes FIVE times the margin of any recent win - Rump selected
3 million? Um okay...strip away the illegal votes ;)
Wrong. Already debunked. http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2016/nov/18/blog-posting/no-3-million-undocumented-immigrants-did-not-vote-/ … Try harder.
I'll believe a better source then Politifact hahaha Better chance of getting me to believe you by quoting CNN hahahaha
crooked trump! Lock him up!
You mean crooked George, you fucked yourself pal.
Stand with our president @realDonaldTrump #PrayForTrump #GodBlessAmerica
- You are kidding right? This guy doesn't have a Godly bone in his body! How can you evangelicals be so gullible?
I know it's a quote, but stop referring to yourself in the 3rd person
'Remarks by President Trump at Signing of H.J. Resolution 41'https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/02/14/remarks-president-trump-signing-hj-resolution-41 … ...
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/03/new-nokia-3310-is-useless-in-many.html …
@realDonaldTrump
Bad idea. We need more transparency, not less. Back room deals are BAD for democracy.
So45, how about the latest article in the NYTIMES! You are a traitor! #notmypresident
You can tell they took his phone away again because this tweet is calm and factual.
Lack of exclamation points is a giveaway as well.
Or single-word sentences. That makes me... SAD!
& correct spelling.
or a BUNCH of RANDON words in all CAPS!
The best words? SAD!
Sad tremendous great terrific bigly great words
