#vets knw #Patriotism isn't selective, using it to cover racism is as Unpatriotic as #TrumpMockingJohnMcCainscapture,Apologies 2him &us!
Talk is cheap so do it and mean it Mr President
Trump cheated on his first wife with his 2nd wife & his 2nd wife with his 3rd wife! Rev, how many women are sleeping with in your church?
God Bless our Vets & God Bless our President!
.@SecShulkin's decision is one of the biggest wins for our VETERANS in decades. Our HEROES deserve the best!  … https:...
This is something that's already been going on quite well for a while. THIS isn't an issue, Veteran suicide is. Medical marijuana is as well
Yes, they do deserve the best. That's why we should explore medicinal marijuana for PTSD, etc. rather than getting them addicted to opioids.
Talk to Betsy about your terrible grammar... why all this unneccessary CAPTILIZATION
Damn Hypocrite!!!!
People deserve the best but why do we have you as a president???thats the worst BLOCK ME
Veteran’s are heroes? No, they’re the US’s hired guns for American Hegemony. Many commit suicide realizing what they’ve been ‘bought' to do.

Bullshit. You are palming them off on your rich buddies to squeeze for profit.
While tweeting I understand you already have allocated the money it takes to give them what they deserve. :-)
Damn!! I keep tearing up!! This man is amazing!!! If the MSM actually reported what this man is doing there would be fireworks everyday!!!
If this is anything like it sounds....1 point for you
The best Veterans in the WORLD deserve the best care in the world - THANK YOU Donald J. Trump Make AMERICA GREAT again!
Get the obama holdovers out of the VA!!!
Thanks for the concern for Vets.It's nice to Know My Commander and Chief is battling for us!!!!!!!
#conman
I work for a hospital and we would be happy to take care of our veterans.Our hospital is rated one of the best in patient satisfaction!

Lol I prefer "heroes" who evade the draft like a featherless chicken
L
u'r an incompetent president of my lifetime. #RussianCollusion #makeourplanetgreatagain
So exactly why are you cutting funds that support our vets...hypocrite
They do deserve the best! A #POTUS who is not a fucking liar, traitor, who does not steal tax dollars for personal gain, is not a criminal!
To believe, you actually get paid to say $hit you know nothing about!!! You really are the dumbest public official, EVER!!!
Was it worth shooting this plan down two years ago in order to take credit for it now? How can anyone share a room with your ego?
where are our ground support Wunderbar Articulating tow bars that hook up in park? 1/2 weight twice as strong
Stop lying. The American people are sick of it. You are a hedonist and an atheist.
Of course they deserve the best
THANK GOD.
Hi Prez .. privy onthis...
privy oncerns reliefed $ sent2California Santa Clara Cnty Mayor Sam http://Sba.org  $ #dispursemnts outcome recipients time factors
see tweet herein from Ramona G. of mercury news will retweet
They deserve to hear the tapes
Good job....
Our heroes deserve a president with intelligence and integrity which you do not have. So shameful. So shameless. You are deplorable.
Look at those dummies behind you.  They look as if they have had a good talking to!
That's great news!!
Am a proud mom of a US MARINE and proud granddaughter of a 94 year old vet grandpa! Multiple veteran family members!  God bless America!
How would you know? You never did and never will serve our GREAT COUNTRY
As long as they were not capture. I remember your statement.
Thank you, Mr.President!
why are you saltier than the ocean
Yes, We do love them. Unlike you, most of us have family that was there, fighting for our country!
@MeghanMcCain @SenJohnMcCain OUTSTSNDING line of questioning Senator!The one legal voice in this witch hunt by the Dems & Comey. Well done!
Private Robert F.Sawart Jr. Service date 68-69. Given an Honorable Medical Discharge. Yet to this day I am not recognized for my service!
Thanks for taking care of Veterans.
Trump inherited an improved system. As a veteran, I appreciate his support.
Thank's.
Liar
what about what you said to comey you cheat. Get out of that great house.
We do, which is why it is a travesty that you are in office. Resign
I'm so so tired of winning   Really?  The VA still sucked in timeliness and professionalism.   Please put some fire up people's asses!
Trump is a fake President kits just a act too get people and vets too believe him he dissent fool me.
滚犊子
veterans didn't fight across seas in order for normal citizens to be murdered by terroristic white men. a great man as yourself understands
Ukgov supposed to protect country u think there playing tiddly winks
Theresa may cameron treated our heroes with contempt #criminal
Then why are you cutting funds for programs the need?
Yore budget cut against the unemployability clause for our Viet Nam Vets is yore WORST call Yet; attacking SS age and older Vets
#POTUS and @VP are traitors
Mean while you make more veterans,.destablise more countries & become the biggest knobhead with insults toward a London Major. Nasty.
Trump loves our vets? Sure he does lol! For the 5 minutes he can get applause. John McCain too?  Freaking bully buffoon!
Thank you President Trump!!
Never before have I seen a President stand up for Veterans like President Trump.  Thank you Commander in Chief!!!
Unless they are of Mexican descent, then you deport our VETERANS!
Dedu vaivale
dünyada en büyük terör siz amerikalılarsınız,karışıklık çıkartıyor sonra müdahale ediyorsunuz sömürmek amacınız,çekin dünyadan elinizi.
Worst insider deal of the last 150 years!! #SAD #BAD competitive bidding REQUIRED by law!
Bless our military. They did a great job in transformers 3
More BS???
STILL 90 DAY WAIT IN PHOENIX THANKX MCCAIN WHAT A JOKE U R
Thank you very much for your hard work, let's make Veterans and America Great Again. God Bless you Mr. Trump
And they don't deserve you.
Thank you!! 
Thank you Sir. Perhaps my husband would be here today if for a more involved VA administration and medical assistance.
Now can you sir please tell me how my husband can get the help he needs! So far the VA has only hurt us
Amen!
Except those who were captured, right?
Thank you!
Bravo!!
Our? Shut up General Bone Spur
Yes they do including an actual competent president who doesn't give classified info to our enemies and endangers the country with tweets
You have the nerve to applaud a bureaucratic upgrade as a big win; but your budget aims to strip 1/4 million vets of vital income. Sick f*ck
Please give our vets good mental health care!!!! #22toomany
Trump Why Did You Lie, Cut VET benefits?
https://docs.google.com/document/d/10baPbr6a0NzcaQrepma0cZmDkesLa9zXJCxCZglWvXw/pub … …
But make sure none of your heroes ever have been POWs, Mr. Trump
IT'S A SHAME THAT SINCE OUR HEROES DESERVE THE BEST, THEY ONLY GOT YOU. BUT THANK GOD YOU WILL ONLY BE PRESIDENT A SHORT TIME. @SpeakerRyan
Many in VA working at the desks and scheduling, etc., are lazy and incompetent. This causes problems for Vets.
Fantastic news. These veterans have always been treated badly. Well done. A President who cares
We are so proud of our President. We thank God for President Trump and Vice President Pence. Prayers answered!
Promises kept. Thank you Mr. President. Winning for our veterans.
Again, if you cared so much about vets, where are your millions in donations to them pre-presidency?
Our veterans truly deserve the best,they sacrifice it all for our nation and its people,it time we give them all they need.
Is that why you called mccain a loser?
So does our country, but we got you, the worst instead.
So are letting the American Vets you deported back in? What about all the homeless #Veterans ?Are You going to help them?
likes
This from a draft dodger!
Unless they were captured or if they're one of the weak ones with pstd, right draft dodger?
Yes we do so you have to go.
I'm so ecstatic to hear this! Thank you to all this who made it possible from thePOTUS&his admin down to the ones who voted for him!
You know if you resign now you might not be executed for treason! #offwithhishead
Idiot
My cousin and his wife are Air Force vets. They despise you. You don't represent them or anything they fought for. Go to hell, Trumpski.
And you are not it.
Ya that is my @POTUS taking care of our awesome beautiful vets. We need to do so much more too and we are willing! Vets before immigrants.
@POTUS That's rich, considering that you have gone out of your way to disrespect and minimize our veterans.
They do, but they got you instead.
Too bad we have a stark raving lunatic as commander in chief. The world is less safe now. drumpf will never fill Obama's shoes. #Impeach45
The entire country deserves a hell of a lot better than you. Resign
How about not sending us two hours away for an appt to verify my husband's prostate cancer claim. VA didn't check PSA for 3 years. It's 24
We need better medical care! Getting their records is a no-brainer - how about doing something meaningful? Oh yeah, you never served...
Does that include John McCain?
It's hard to see the truth through all the pathological lying
Resign
@SecShulkin = GOOD 
Unfortunately it seems Sessions and the rest of your cabinet are more loyal to PENCE & are throwing you under the BUS
Trump is doing work!
I'm just seeing/hearing this. Crying, Just CRYING! THANK YOU MR.@POTUS @realDonaldTrump . THANK YOU!!! THANK GOD!
As an 8 year veteran, thank you for your support Mr. President.
As a vet, I thank you, Sir. 
Oh Donald you are a suck.
How stupid to alienate Sessions.  Dumb move.
A big win for Veterans would be if you made good on your claims of how much you donated to their charitable endeavors.
you don't give 2 shits about the troops. DRAFT DODGER!! you flag-wave to get their support, but eager to put them to war
Yeah #POTUS u r the best!
It is about time!!!!!
