Remarks at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum's National Days of Remembrance. Full remarks:… https://t.co/BJbI6...
Mr. Trump, the world would never stop laughing at us, while you are in the WH. Because you are the joke, and the cause of the world's Laugh.
You said "nozzie" lolol, sometimes I think you're just pranking us... except it's not funny! Ow!!
My father, who is a survivor, called me after @POTUS speech. I could hear in his voice tears of thankfulness for @realDonaldTrump words.
Is your dad also gaslit by the Dump? Does he believes his pathological lying? Humpty Trumpty is a liar, nothing he says is true. Pity ur dad
Bom dia amigo Sr. Donald. grande abraço da Cantora Sarah Sanffer Brasil .Musica Country e Sertanejo . Shows.  obrigada
Our mark is attached to the souls we mourn. On all days, our membrane is fully marked of who, of us, of vein.
Bravo

With most of your supporters and advisors being white supremacists, you look like a deplorable fish out water. Sad #RussiaGate #NoBanNoWall
不错
Do you have to read everything to keep from looking so stupid? Good grief TERRIBLE PRESIDENT...HORRIBLE PRESIDENT.
His speech writers didn't overtax his reading skills with big words
One small voice applauding, supporting, encouraging our great new leader...I hear America singing, again..bless you Mr. President.
You said no cuts to medicaid. You have lied
I am from Indiana and now I live in Australia I love you and Melania
dear Donald I like Ve you and Melania
Can you send me an autographed picture of you and family I would be proud to display it at home so everyone coming in sees it. Thank you .
ABC news is so bad on facts they call the Intrepid a battleship. It's an Aircraft carrier. So simple but they only want to bash Trump
Stop
No one can feasibly defend the crap you tweet, so your supporters who have no clue migrate to this safe space of a tweet.
Mpmmmm
I believe in you!!
In rememberance of the jewish Holocaust remember the 1.5 million muslims we have blown up since 2001.
Might want to remember the Jehovah's Witnesses who died in the Holocaust as prisoners of conscience - Ask Putin why he's going back to that!
Mr. President, do you have an assistant to remind you of thedaily past history and incidents. I hate to see the media pick
property value in pg county is very very low compare to other close counties. Schools are even worse.. no thanks to Obama.
we have nothing or any value in PG county, compare to the other counties.but we also pay high taxes, but our property value
make it with the condition that the county officials agree to give it up as a sanctuary city.
please please we beg you sir, bring FBI to PG... we need a boost in this county, it is now or never.FBI or nothing. Plse do
you look tasty
Sorry, I cannot listen to you. Your speeches never reach beyond the third grade playground bully mentality and you look like squinty apple
your grandparents r Germans n part of the Holocaust offenders why do u go to Holocaust museum
you and a goat who is smart
Nations die when they worship dogs & cats instead of making babies @seanhannity @newtgingrich @TuckerCarlson @VP @IvankaTrump @jaredkushner

thank you Mr. President
Just to watch 45 lie about the truth is nauseating!  45, you're cancerous and so are your offspring!
Not true!
you allowed US NAZI's to attend your rally Penn yesterday. Why? Are you afraid of them? It makes everything you said null and void. Coward
#AMERICAFIRST
#MAGA 
#BANZIONISM 
#FIREIVANKA 
#FIREKUSHNER 

YOU ARE A TRAITOR TO U.S @realDonaldTrump 
JewishAmericanHeritageMonth
#AMERICAFIRST 
#MAGA
#BANZIONISM 
#FIREIVANKA 
#FIREKUSHNER 

YOU ARE A TRAITOR TO U.S @realDonaldTrump 
JewishAmericanHeritageMonth
PLEASE STOP trying to read it makes us SICK did you complete school we want to see your TRANSCRIPTS someone was pd BIGLY
Hey Donald what's the news isn't fake and you're really full of it
#MAGA 
 
#BANZIONISM 
 
Part 1 
"Any Attack on the courageous people of Syria who are fighting and dying against..."
@DrDavidDuke
#MAGA 
Part 2
"... ISIS is nothing more than attack on behalf of ISIS & ISRAEL "
@DrDavidDuke
#MAGA 
#KeepBannon 

#FIREKUSHNER 
#NoMoreJewishWars 

Assad: Terrorists in Syria 'are fighting for Israel'

http://www.i24news.tv/en/news/israel/diplomacy-defense/142016-170406-assad-terrorists-in-syria-are-fighting-for-israel …
#MAGA 
#AmericaFirst 
#KeepBannon 

Since 1948 over 230 billion dollars has been taken from your mouth & the mouths of your kids 
#MAGA 

#FIREKUSHNER
#AmericaFirst  TRUMP
ZIONIST 
 IN 100 DAYS , A NEW
JEWISH ELITE RISES UNDER TRUMP 
#MAGA 

#AmericaFirst 
HORRIBLE

#FireKushner 
#FIREIVANKA  

#KEEPBANNON 

 https://twitter.com/IraSteinburgh/status/858439808896700417/photo/1pic.twitter.com/pD55im0gSo 
Do tell... What do you know about the holocaust? Has someone taken the time to educate you?
hump
A day late and a dollar short.
I 21 2a1
Thanks for seeking justice & not just money.  Obviously, we need both but in proper order.
“When the king is concerned with justice, the nation will be strong, but when he is only concerned with money, ..." Prov. 29:4
IF FAKE NEWS CAN DEFAME TRUMP,OF COURSE THEY CAN DEFAME MUSLIMS!WHY Only defend for you ,but join fake to defame Muslims???
Jerusalem  belong to Israel.  No BS...
Watched outstanding & heartfelt speech from hotel room. Truly, one of your best, and I've watched them all. God bless you, Mr. President
Congratulations Billionaire President but it’s kept you away from the real world. Being a Race Traitor for the Jew World Order is Despicable
Cool
Thank you.       You have your hands full both sides are fighting you congress should be passing legislation to help against liberal judges
Love Saturday Night Live spoofs of Trump & his administration; serious humour for SERIOUS PRESIDENT!  only GOP could do that!
THE DEAD JEWS OF WWII GET MUCH MORE ATTENTION THAN DEAD INDIANS OF AMERICA; BUT IT WAS GENOCIDE DONE BY....GOVT?   HMMM...THINK..
Congratulations on 100 days. Doing great job!

Well said Mr President. It is a shame that the haters will use any opportunity to criticise you.
Wasn't your dad a bigot? This is why things like the holocaust can happen. And it parallels what you are stoking today...sad and scary.
We cannot shrink away from evil or close our eyes to it.As long as we keep our eyes open we must fight to illuminate dark corners.Stop NK!
Take it down and forget about it just like the  one in Carolina
Thank you for your sincere, kind, words
I still dislike you, but I do appreciate your words in remembrance of the Holocaust, honoring the survivors, Israel & the Jewish people. 
It is the memories of past that we learn not to repeat. To ensure a better future for all.
Love from uk
You're doing a great job as President. Ignore the negative people and keep up the good work. I'm 100% happy with my vote.
You are history's 'darkest hour' -  for survival's sake: leave the white house while you can...
Are there any centers ?
Don't speak about my religion.  You're an embarrassment to even utter words about my people.
Trump is such a hypocrite
Be careful... your words hold no value
With hiring bannon as a senior advisor, your actions speak louder than words
We came to this country to get away from bigotry and  hate and u have brought it all back on Mexicans, blacks, lgbtq, Jews and muslims
Can't fool everybody! You fool yourself alone. Meaningless, hollow and inane executive orders and presidential memoranda. NO WINS YET! 
trump, everything is for a SHOW! Numerous executive orders and presidential memoranda- ALL HOLLOW AND MEANINGLESS! FAKE!
I wouldn't be throwing this around as an example of either 'saying something deep' or 'how to give good speeches.' You seem like a druggie.
Have you watched yourself speak? LOL!
Really? You're the first person to say something foolish about them. WHO WOULD BELIEVE YOU? Certainly not me. I'm too smart to be fooled!
Every Friday, you say something outrageous and nonsense so the media can talk about you the whole weekend like a trashy reality show.
Useless to watch you. No sincerity and depth of character. You run the office of the presidency like a reality show!
stay away from these people
Under your anti-immigration policy, would those people have been able to seek refuge in the US?
u r like a Blabbing orange with a bad wig on
I appreciate what u r doing sir, thanks
God Bless!!
Thankyou Mr President.So nice to have a POTUS who really supports America again
It's springtime for hitler in MAGA
...sounds insane, no doubt. However,fact remains, if one is NOT part of the Solution, one must surely be part of the problem.#commonsense !
President Trump is a genius. Confidence is Sexy. #POTUS should have every Patriots support. #civilwar & #worldwar3 probably NEED to happen !
Our last President Barack, didn't care about Jewish people. Only blacks and Muslims. Weird combination. Make you wonder what the plan was?
Mr Presendent Israel and the USA and are allies love you for supporting Isreal
Sir. president Donald Trump .when the Lord calls your name. please reserve a place for me and my daughter to stand to pay my respects to you
If he's talking, he's lying. Yes, you.
Considering how you treats people, this is disgusting
https://www.gatestoneinstitute.org/10143/palestinians-terror-awards …
Did @IvankaTrump make you do it?
Where you effectively dodged everything that mattered.
