Honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to America. Home of the free, because of the brave...
BUT we dont honor the transgender men and women in the service .  SHAMEFULL
Absolutely Yes , They are our heros.
Honoring the brave men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to America. Home of the free, because of the brace #MemorialDay
Mr President weldone, keep the good work going. But why were you twikling the Pope hand on your Vatican visit. #love God #mr presido
We are not free when we are afraid to speak our minds...

The Commander in Chief can block @VoteVets, the voice of 500k military veterans and families, but we will NOT be silenced. 
Does that include John McCain the NON war hero

Just was watching fox news about aproval rating dems need to get life
Thanks President Trump!
Thank you for recognizing their service Mr. President
Did you celebrate with Champagne Popsicles? 
If you havent already done so, you have to publicly announce America as a christian nation once again. B.O. Tried to destroy our nation.
This is what is wrong with both parties.
Answer the Question Mr President ,why did you go back on your promise?? An honest Answer if you have the Guts!!
Our Enemy is our Friend?& Those who would be Friend is our Enemy?
A nutbag Stien Supporter /Bernie that Apparently knows more about History than Clowns like you
Amen
they are turning in their grave, knowing you are in presidency.
Congratulations Mr. President on your Purple Heart.  God bless!
#AWANGATE #AWANGATE #AWANGATE #AWANGATE #AWANGATE #AWANGATE #AWANGATE #AWANGATE #AWANGATE #GEORGEWEBB #GEORGEWEBB #GEORGEWEBB
This coming from a guy who trash talked our service members on several occasions? Sounds more like you wanting to jerk off your followers.
In a land where men with bone spurs can be safe !!!!
Freedom is granted as the result of killing a perceived enemy (or scapegoat)? As we take freedom away from others, it will be taken from us.
Please help Israeli POWs imprisoned for yrs denied contact w home in violatn of internatl law. Everyone-Arabs included-shd obey intrntl law!
ImpeachTrump
Maybe if you hadn't draft-dodged, you'd be among them and our country would be run by someone who actually cares about it.
Where is the apology to John McCain?
Thanks for being our president
and remembering those with heel spurs...
Unlike you, Mr. 4 time draft dodger.
Thank you Mr. Presdent
YEA, THAT SACRIFICE THAT YOU DODGED AMIRIGHT?
Why does your budget CUT veteran benefits to elderly disabled vets? This will be a PR nightmare. It is inhumane to cut their lifeline off.
AMEN
This coming from a cowardly draft dodger..
I read that NOT ONE TRUMP has served our country in 100 years. You should be ashamed of yourself. How's that bone spur doing?  Hypocrite!
You are my favorite uncle
Yet still not more braver or courageous than Yisrael who endured over 500 years of slavery, inquisition, holocaust & exile,us at war.
should we be allowed to have a #MemorialDay in Germany, too? Or forever be ashamed and feel guilty?
No relation to you though, eh?
Hey covfefe, you say you honor the men an women who served. But you refuse to help veterans. I am a veteran, and i refuse to support you
U better honor them cause U certainly did nothing to help them when U dodged being 1 of them. How r ur spurs, anyway?
A quote that has never been said before I believe
فري مين بس
you have carrot skin and your hair is a mop RT pls
It's too bad u weren't one of the brave...how are those shin splints treating u now.is that why u r scared of going downhill. #fakepresident
You only honor Putin and the $$ you can make by relieving sanctions. CROOKED DONALD

Uh...that doesn't include u or ur children draft dodger. 
Covfefe- I will stand with President Trump @realDonaldTrump..
From one veteran to a military dodger -- your pathetic !!! I found your meme 
Its the best farewell a country can ever offer, thank you Mr President
LOVE YOU DEARLY PRESIDENT TRUMP. LOVE YOU DEARLY ! Keep America Great !
Good Donald trump
死ね
Yeah. Honor the dead ones and trample on those who end up homeless with PTSD. Merica!
Well I guess that excludes you! Please tell the vets of your military service!
滚犊子
The men and women we are proud of. Not those who evaded the Draft.
I am so very proud to call you my President! Bless you and @FLOTUS
Donnie, But yet you chickened out. Daddy bought you a 1Y. Yellow-bellied coward.
Thank you for recognizing sacrifices of men snd women in our armed forces!
And you sat out the Vietnam war because of bone spurs. You made no sacrifice then and you make none now. Coward. #resist #resign
God bless America!
It's about time!  As a mom of 2 marines!  Their service is significant.
Which YOU clearly were NOT.
@POTUS , @realDonaldTrump  you are both so sad for retweeting each other's tweets.
You did not....
And you were so busy dodging the draft to be brave. Home of the free because of the brave, no thanks to you or your family.
Help those veterans who are incarcerated.  Give 1st time  offenders of non violent crimes a 2nd chance and save millions.
Thanks to their sacrifice, you were able to draft dodge not once, but twice! #merica
True, but sad coming from you.
After 5 skips out of the draft, you don't deserve to be anywhere near Arlington. Apologize first.
Correction, it the land of the free and the home of the brave. Your the president of the U.S. and don't know the national anthem
@POTUS God bless the USA and your cabinet. I am with you 100%
gato
fuck you trump!
Having served in the military for 49 years, two combat tours. I want to thank you. I know you mean it, not like BO and HC.
40 years in service.
And what sacrifices have you made. Would you allow any of your family to be in harms way?
Obama's tweet about Memorial Day got over 200K retweets. How does it feel to lose to him over and over again?
But you called us cowards
@POTUS oh yeah right you're a Russian citizen that's why you're doing so much for your Russian citizens making them happy
I'm surprised you could tweet something like this
Where did the president serve ?
Where did the Donald serve ?
You forgot, "Enjoy!"
Change laws to class deception as fraud .Of coarse this would effect politicians too!
Your definition of 'free' is selective. You doughnut.
Are women 'free' to seek reproductive advice from accessible professionals? Is all media 'free' to lend a critical response to your work?
The purple heart, and you are NO hero. Just a whiny little baby that cried when things don't go his way. This is your commander in chief!
If you "always wanted a purple heart" you should have stood up like a man instead of deferring FIVE times. Not to mention only heroes get
You wouldn't know what bravery was if it hit you in the face.
To honor our bravest, make sure none are homeless and hungry.
You certainly are not one of the brave.
God bless America and all those who have made the ultimate sacrifice to the United States of America! 
Yes, the Brave. Nothing like a coward who dodges the draft with a bone spur  or disrespects a gold star family, or buys a Purple Heart.
Stay strong POTUS. Hater's shame on you.
What draft dodger would be idiotic enough to set themselves up for criticism with a tweet such as this?
Love that phrase! It's sooo true 
You should just stay indoors and eat cake on Memorial Day....don't even show your face......
What about John McCain?
What about POW's? Did you honor them too?
/ the libtards need to quit all the nonsense, they lost! Grow up and stop destroying our country and help MAGA!
/ I honor the Merchant Marines who supplied our hero troops so the could win WW11.my father died doing that !
Well that leaves you out ,you're a draft dodger.
You sure didn't help with that now, did ya mr. Got a booboo on my footsie?

You were a draft dodger
Like the Khans?
Honestly I can respect the Tweet. It's a good one...BUT..It would be better coming from a president who knew what it was like to serve
yeah while you send all our troops to war again and get everyone killed while no one in your family fights for the country, right?
we know you can't be sincere; lying is the easiest way out; model citizen? Ha
Except those who had the temerity to be captured, huh?  Hypocrite.
You made up that last sentence, right?
Obviously you don't make any replies to ANY tweets
You of all people at Arlington  Didn't ever serve because of a bad foot that you don't remember which foot. 5 deferments. Trump disgraceful
#brave is one who fights for justice and honor. #whatTrump fights for? Dishonor the system of democracy of the land of the #free,and #brave?
You know how you can honor our veterans? By courageously going into battle wth them. Like when America was great.
#Liar.
#Coward #DraftDodger 
Support #veterans and active duty families. Increase #SNAP.
You honor them by cutting their benefits? #hypocrite #TrumpIsAHypocrite #LiarLiarPantsOnFire #ImpeachTrump #TrumpIsAnIdiot
Thank You for your service in Vietnam!
Original words..nope.
Your speech and the delivery of it was very moving.  Thank you!
Pleace bring #peace to the world sir, I made a video for you and the world. https://youtu.be/k37dGpyb2QU  Let your light shine! @Kieskleur
Liar
They are rolling in their graves thanks to You!
#stay tough on immigration #move forward on the wall and border surveillance #support border patrol officers
Must be planning another lie.. for next week when comey said the true.ah!! Mr impeachment..
Sir americe surely deserves better men than you & george w.bush.,one has created a massive mess now its your turn  god save america & world
Says the Draft-Dodger in Chief who has, at one point or another, insulted every single group with the US Military, including Gold Star Fam's
women in combat = women pow's unthinkable
Love you!!!
From the mouth of a DRAFT DODGER, as he plans to send more soldiers into Afghanistan and increase recruitment. #SorryForOurVillageIdiot
your no brave
