Way to go awesome
Great 1st Lady and offspring of Trump speaks for it'self
Proud of @IvankaTrump for her leadership on these important issues. Looking forward to hearing her speak at the W20! htt...
Just another job of self-promoting.
Yeah ... she's a real "champion" for women ... using foreign workers & paying them slave wages for her knockoff products.
Proud of anchored views, someone issues a look forward, sharing her speck to the wind.
Trump family has a lot more class then our last family!!!
Respect et admiration pour les hommes qui croient en eux-mêmes comme vous.respect et amitié
did he mean ww3
DOES SHE HAVE A ROUND MOUTH LIKE YOU
Kul li ellezine keferu se tuglebune ve  tûhşerune illa cehenneme ve bi'se el mihadu sadeakallahul azimu  #aliimran12#
http://mercyships.org    Dr. Richard Newsom
Good grief!  Five kids from 3 different people - and he's a champion of families?  Plus his DISGUSTING comments about females!! Poor girl.
 Like you, she's a liar. Like you, she's only interest in enriching herself from those she purports to speak for. Like you, she's clueless.
She got booed and gave no straight answers...you taught her well. She is only slightly less disgusting than her daddy.
Oh please
Wouldn't any person do the same if in Ivankas shoes? Hate the game not the player. Be honest with yourselves
What leadership? Did she earn it? What's her career? Her qualifications? Being appointed just because she's your daughter does NOT count.
Leadership. Oh, that is the problem, none of you know what that is. Too old for lessons for you, Ivanka too privileged all of her life.
she is a whore
That is very very important. Mr. @realDonaldTrump
While your bragging about sexually abusing them.
She should have someone teach them how to make purses!
Me too
Don't forget to compliment her business success from your position.
@JrzyJoePiscopo @DebbieDuHaime @algattullo @frankmorano @am970TheAnswer Thks 4 ur work out here #BCC NJ. Was there. But we no time chat. 
Happy to see she was booed! That she should have been!
Your daughter has shown she is not a champion for Women! Big talk no action like dad. Sad
whynotmentionthe50kotherpeoplekilled byurgermanfriends
I'm a very nice housewife. Can I get security clearance Too? #BABYMAN
Ivanka is a fraud. And You're a #babyman
The main way of investing in women is by educating them!!
Who the hell are trying to convince? Trumps care about nothing but themselves.
Leave and take your family with you
You need to get out of the country
Veto spending bill. Build the wall. Get rid of mcmasters,and matttis.
Get $100 for Netflix Now by doing this small survey  https://www.cpagrip.com/show.php?l=0&u=106353&id=10654&tracking_id= …
.... And who can't get a message... Sad. https://amp.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/may/01/ivanka-trump-book-women-who-work-us-election … @IvankaTrump
But not good to educate girls?  Why?  Because it is an Obama program and not Ivanka's?  #jealousy  #competitive #unhelpful
Just admit you like getting head from her
You have alot to be proud of with Ivanka.She is smart,beautiful and hard working.She is a perfect model for women all over the world.
who is more slow ( retarded)Trump or Duterte
Trump or Duterte who is retarded
#A Real President#YOU ROCK MR PRESIDENT
German people saw her for what she really is...booed her. First Lady in chief...only out for family profits.
Hahahahahaha! Her leadership? Hahahahahahhahahahahahahhaahahhahaahhahahahahahahahhahahahaa
This was written by her... 
Where is the proof besides her words?  ...
Is Ivanka Donald Trump's own Monica Lewinsky? Seems like she hangs out in the Oval Office after her so-called work. Watch her blue dress.
She is a Bimbo who you put on the world stage for America's ridicule. SAD, DAD!
@IvankaTrump Doing a wonderful job. She is welcomed in Kenya to help our women.

We know Ivanka heart in best place for these issues!
Now that's a JOKE but none of us are LAUGHING she should go AWAY too she's a LIAR like her dad
she does not deserve lead w these accomplished & experienced world leaders. nepotism at its worst
Disappointed with Ivanka statement in Germany very sad
She takes no actions that show any type of leadership. Empty words like your empty promises.  This fools no one.
Has she moved the manufacturing of her clothing line from China to Africa?
disingenuous use of Muslim girls pic when your agenda has been so Islamophobic.
How'd that work out?
Making nepotism the standard in our new democracy.  I feel Great Again!
what investments, like describe them or it that doesn't include her just showing up at conference
She is as useless as you!
Nice if she did this in the US like Italy or France
LEADERSHIP???????????PLEASE EXPLAIN WHAT SHE HAS DONE???????
What exactly does she know about these issues?
Most people are looking forward to the divorce.
Pays 60 dollars a week to have her thousand dollar dresses made in China. Not empowering THOSE women.
Tell Ivanka we do not need refugees pouring into our country.
I think FLOTUS Ivanka is doing a great job (sarcasm inserted).
Yes she pays workers in China $1 a day for her clothes and handbag productiono
Tell your daughter to memorize her job description.  Her excuse about a new position is old.
Yea, so do not cut off the humanitarian aid. Other people in the US who are much smarter than your daughter  can use the opportunities too.
I'm sure you are, how proud are you of your WIFE?
Go on derwood I know you want to grab them by the pussy....

#NoFlyZone4Rojava
LETS GO TRUMP!! AMERICA FIRST FINALLY!!!
Que linda Ivanka! Muy bien!
At least in America I am only deemed a wicked person for speaking freely. In other nations I'd have been stoned to death already.
Let me puke now..
Ivanka:El amor vale más que los holocaustos-según las escrituras.Es así también para la barbarie y los bárbaros de sirIa
she's a pragmatic leader a mentor indeed
TRUMP IVANKA NEEDS TO GET OUT OF OUR WHITEHOUSE! SHE IS NOT LEGALLY THERE & WE WANT HER OUT!
This should not be her role, she is your daughter and we did not vote for her to be involved in our government. We do not have a monarchy
See if she can help North Korean women defect safely or empower women in the classroom to learn how to start own business
Shes not a leader;she only cares about making money &pretending to care 4 "women who work" She & u r horrible ppl who will b jailed 4 life
WHICH ONE IS IVANKA
Did you not hear the hissing?  That's how popular she is.
Me too she is an amazing woman
Oh please be real. Freeze on your lies
I wonder how she can tell the lies and keep from laughing at the idiots.
Yeah, the booing & hissing were done so eloquently. You should be so proud that your daughter/wife is as popular as you are.
WHAT IS SHE HAWKING?
Too bad you can't date your own daughter
Fuck #45
I think I'll pass!
Be honest Donny, you don't care about IVANKAS SWEATSHOPS do you ?
Why is Ivanka preaching open borders? STOP it. #BUILDTHEWALLNOW 
Deport and fix the jobs problem #AMERICAFIRST
I hear a few dudes at Fox are excited to watch Ivanka's microphone skills in the near future.
Why did I only see one black woman at the event but you have this picture as if she was on site with these young girls...so insulting
She has taken no actions whatsoever everthing  about her and your son in law is total perception not fact. Jared bought his way into Harvard
Bye Felicia
That Sort of backfired. The rest of the world is As confused as America at this first daughter crap. Even ivanka has no clue why she's in WH
Too bad she doesn't invest in all those Chinese workers making her stolen designs.  She's even less of a leader than you (IOW NONE).
Too bad you re-instated the Global Gag rule and many of those women will be lucky to survive.
According to Marie Stopes International, a global reproductive health provider, Trump's policy will cause at least 6.5 million unintended...
..pregnancies, 2.2 million abortions, 2.1 million unsafe abortions and 21,700 maternal deaths.
Are these the same women slaving away in the sweat shops for .62 an hr making @IvankaTrump rich with her #AdrienneVittadini knock offs ..
but you took away health care for these same women?
Black people have some issues to discusss an work on.  Can you come to a meeting?
Jobs for the young black boys.Glad about this... but more here too.
But here at home too... we need equal employment equal pay for women.
America is thankful that ivanka is part of trump movement to make America great again
She was booed! She also a liar like you! COMPLICIT!
Oh, please. She has her products made abroad by poor people in deplorable conditions that work for a pittance. What a family of hypocrites.
We didn't vote for Ivanka. She's not my president, you are. She's working against you.
Does she realize you are not an American yet?  Traitor. MIke Flynn - Sally Yates YOU KNEW, Traitor!
Hearing her speak. I can hardly understand her
What is she selling?
"Hmm....what picture can I put on Twitter to prove to courts that my (non-)Muslim (non-)ban is a non-Muslim non-ban? And then ban Muslims?"
Ivanka's clothes are made by Chinese workers that earn $62 a week. Tell me again how she cares about anything but family and money.
That's not a photo of Ivanka. I'm sure of it.
What is she doing, giving them some of her shitty handbags since no retailer wants to carry them anymore..?
@realDonaldTrump  @IvankaTrump  Ivanka is a lovely lady and speaks very eloquently; who wouldn't look up to Ivanka?! 
Sorry but @IvankaTrump is no leader. It's just more nepotism.
@IvankaTrump , where do you make your clothing?
The same places 90% of clothing manufacturers do.
It was hysterical watching her try to say you were a friend to women. She has no credentials for the world stage & is way out of her league.
Tell me again why a designer has this gig? Oh, right, your daughter! Help women by ending international near-slavery to brands like yours.
You will all go to jail for corruption.
She is unaccomplished in respect to the women on that stage. She did not belong there nor does she belong in the White house.
Ivanka's 'leadership'... stealing designs, hiring Chinese sweat-shop workers & profiting from their pain–#Drumph genes are not good genes.
Trace GSA CCTV films around me for past 2 months in DC, trace females and whose congressman they ended up with.  CIA trafficking women.  AI.
Obama administration used these surveillance technologies to learn of political ideas a free political focus group. LoveInt human traffickin
Nice girl but does not belong in White House business.  I voted for you not her and Jared.
She has about as. Much leadership qualities as u. NONE!
She hasn't done a thing but take up space. She lies as much as u. She was booed & hissed out of Germany
If Ivanka were a Democrat the Libs would be starting rumors that she would be a great candidate for the next president of the United States
Yea....That didn't go so well did it?  Don't send a novice to mingle with the real women of the world.  Naptime!
It's hilarious that they all laughed at her because of you #lame duck trump
#FireIvanka
