Your twitter feed is so much more presidential since you turned it over to @NancyPelosi.
Paul is pretty sexy but I don’t know enough about him. Is that supposed to be a gay joke?
Well, that would be the only explanation for such a lame retort.
This is actually the first tweet of yours I have ever liked. You just said something I needed to hear. I live in Broward and am petrified.
That traitorous a-hole is going to find himself in a prison cell.
We've never had a president so on top of natural disasters as President Trump. He cares about the safety of ALL Americans!
Someone is showing djt where Florida is finally.
He WON Florida and has MULTIPLE properties there. Nice try, though. He smarter than you and your entire family combined times 100.
I see you learned English at the same school as djt
Mr president please do not let the Kurdish ypg to be massacre by the Barbaric and undemocratic  country . Turkey is n’t American friend by no mean sir , on 2003 they blocked our Army to go through their country ,they dislike us . Kurd from everywherev love America , Kurd/ Israel
You need to go and face Irma!!!!
What? You sound so enthusiastic about Hurricane Irma. Look Floridians, this your boastful POTUS! Get lost!
This is not dream This is Human Trafficking and Slavery illegal
Why all these storms lie behind America, perhaps trusting in God is less..???
your are heroe # Mr presendent love jim and Phyllis m y wife gbu
I'm in the path, hope it jogs out to sea.
And then DACA? You are a disgrace to the American Dream. Not any amount of teams can be ready for a catastrophic event.
Why don't you take a trip to your golf resort in Florida in this weekend
Well one thing I'm sure you know about is raging! What are you going to announce this time for the ratings? Incompedent LOSER BIGOT POTUS!
Our state has forest fires everywhere but you didn't win here so you prefer us to burn, correct?
Thank you @FLGovScott!  Mr. Trump, you have nothing to do with this.  You wanted to cut FEMA and Flood Insurance!
Wow Ed you're on every one of his tweets. How much do you get paid to troll Trump. I could use some extra money.  Lot of welfare to pay for.
He is an annoying hack that probably does get paid for this. Every trump tweet this tool gets in at least 6.
Halting Hurricanes: A Realistic Approach To A Real Problem.  – IGOTWHATYOUNEED
The best thing that could happen is Irma wiping out Mar-a-dumpo.

Probably your most Presidential tweet.
Oh lookie in the path of Irma! 
#IrmaHurricane
Thank you for everything you do
Yes, he does so many things for white supremacy. Fake outpouring of emotion over a narcissist, waste of your time.
Hurricane #Irma2017 is RAGING. We have GREAT TEAMS of brave people in place, do to advice from @SenSchumer & @NancyPelosi #DEMsROCK
If it damages Mar-a-lago, will you finally accept the dangers of climate change and get Pruitt to start responding to climate science?
To Trump and his administration, climate change is fake news.
Is taking aborted babies out of the trash FAKE NEWS?

President Trump is Raging, but we have a great team here in the RESISTANCE and brave people in place to Help with IMPEACHMENT!  Be Careful!
TRUMP TRAIN! I can’t wait to see when he wins a second term!!!
#FakePresident: Now preparing promo tour in Florida
 #UNTRUMP THE WORLD #FREETWITTER
 http://trumpmusicvideo.com 
 https://www.facebook.com/freetwitter 
choose not to be unkibd5
You failed to mention that you're not one of them. #Irma #ImpeachTrump
@realDonaldTrump
https://twitter.com/KayaalpEmlak/status/905039361208705026 …
no "have a good time"?
There are people in place ready to help, despite you, not because of you. You are incapable of a single coherent thought.
comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress may by a vote of two-thirds of each House, remove such disability. SECTION
Trump is going nowhere fast
Trump: Make Hurricanes Great Again
"Look at this storm!"
“HUGE! Like my hands”
“Big League” (bigly)
“Unprecedented”
#harvey #jose #irma
How many people will die in how many countries before it's widely understood that Trump needs to go?
We love you President Trump 

Oh you want to talk about IQ?!
You guys are replying to each other too fast, try and make it less obvious.
I WISH I got paid, I mock you losers pro bono.

Thank you!!  In so anxious :(
#SAD !
You forgot to put "tremendous" somewhere
He's trying to save people and you're still acting like a smug bitch, very telling...
one way to save people is ,to prevent this stuff like I don't know, wait, maybe fighting the global warming? the Paris Accords? I dunno.
Blah, blah, blah, and Americans should pay for the rest of the world's dumping ia China, India, Russia, south america
Numbers 6:24-25
“The #Lord bless you and keep you; The #Lord make His #face shine upon you, And be gracious to you;
Romans 13:1-2
Let every #soul be #subject to the governing #authorities. For there is no #authority except from #God, and the [1/3]
Morons Unite!

If they only reported fact, I wouldn't give two shits. However, the bias & slant is disgusting. If you're too blind to see it, that's on you
it happens occasionally, but trump has worked hard to earn it, so my sympathy is very little. acting normal for a week would go a long way
Occasionally? Try daily. There's a reason why their ratings don't compare to other, real, news agencies.
trump does something ridiculous near daily. the stuff that bothers me is late late night commentators claiming he caused north korea andsuch
O My God! In the midst of impending destruction you can't keep your narcissism and check. Boasting about "your teams"
Oh my God... What Bible are you reading that You attack a brother in Christ and God's anointed??
This tweet is as useless as your presidency!
Impressed with this administration on the way Harvey and now Irma are being handled. Good job! Praying for Florida!
What ? Trump promised 6 k nat guard for Tx. Only 1500 were sent . Told every one to have a good time
Check your facts. Happen to know for a fact this is false. Have a nice day!
Check AP ever heard of it - info wars ,Fox & Breitbart let you down
Guess again...over 24k national gaurd were deployed from within the state and 10k from outside the state. Im from Texas. That is FACT.
Sorry 12k from texas...
Lol - all states have their own
#trumpSUCKS #BELIEVEINCLIMATECHANGE YET? #trumpTRASH
To gas station & business owners: No price gouging during Hurricane Irma preparations & evacuation efforts!! Please!!

Heartless!!
I have something raging too man
Jeopardy clue: "Hurricane Irma is raging."  "What Trump says to Melania before he divorces her for his next immigrant wife?"
Get a life too bad you are absobed  in hatred nothing is ever a right response for you we should  make you president  and watch you screw up
you are the best President of our generation I love you for ever
Someone's tweeting for him

You forgot, "have a good time everybody".
Too bad we don't have a great team in the White House...
sounds like he's promoting another show
Hail... Or did I mean sail!
Why cut FEMA budget?Ah yes...#unfit
Each one of these catastrophes will remind the world that you pulled out of the Paris Climate Accord.
How about this "r thoughts & prayers go out 2 all those affected in the Caribbean by Irma & all those in her path" countries were destroyed
I'm pretty sure @fema announced they're out of money!!
Those 'talented' people deserve the respect to be referred to as "highly skilled in their fields" FOCUS! do you need a potty break???
B + POSITIVE
I wash new now is so strong that Hurricane Irma
Does this mean now you'll support FEMA?
Still waiting on those charitable donations... oh and I hope since you "care" so much you evacuated all your properties in Irma's path...
- helping in the efforts to rescue people from the floods in #Houston and pretty soon they'll be helping in #Florida.
hey Don all this hurricane talk is "fake news". You should grab the family and take the whole klan down to Mar-a-Lago.
WTF YOU TALKING ABOUT @TalbertSwan ??? I THINK YOU'RE HATING RIGHT HERE  THERE'S NOTHING BAD ABOUT @realDonaldTrump COMMENT @realZiplok 
We our wonderful President!! Thank you!!!
I'm so sorry for the haters!! They can't "conjure up" anything bad he is doing now!
just keep praying
Thank you mr. President your response is much better than any other president before you !! 
Keep up the great work !! :-)
Please get FEMA TO BEAUMONT AND ORANGE TEXAS WHO LOST ALL!!! THANK YOU SIR,!!! WE LOVE YOU GOD BLESS!!! 
#nobodyLISTENStotheLIAR
CLIMATE CHANGE.
Loser....
Do not start a new war till you end a war like Syria. We can not afford it. Let s k & Japan pay for war with  n k.
Just crawl back into the hole you came from please.
prayers
Stop "seeding" with the weather modification systems
Toxic waste dumping AKA CHEM TRAILS from DRONES need to be eliminated. Sunlight restored and no one breathin in known carcinogens! End it.
Thank you Mr. President!
Hiii
Let's c if we can mobilize some of the able health care workers that r currently in low security prisons to help out in the relief effort.
While others are ready to arrest & jail people fleeing for their lives. No worries, when the jailed folks die, you can pardon their killers.
Thank you Mr President!
I only fear the disaster centered at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.  We are all in the Cone of uncertainty ......
Horrible president ever since u came things switching up on us 
First thing I do is I block all of these trolls replying to POTUS and then I enjoy reading the replies!
Well Donnie boy I certainly hope you're going to give them something besides fucking Play-Doh
U really should let others tweet for you. They almost are able to humanize you. Almost!
May God bless America
Grab her by the pussy!
We have no flood!!!!!! Wanting us to apply for federal loan for small business loans!!! We are disabled!!! PLEASE HELP US
#327
Hurricane destroys wooden houses
If made from concrete (like in SA), US will save money from evacuation & building houses again every time
Whose is Urricane Ermano?
He's letting the country know that relief teams are in place. On the platform people are watching
First time ever to see proactive help to rebuild prior to a hurricane's landfall.
@realDonaldTrump I thought you cut funding from FEMA? So now you're in support of them? They could have used that $700 mil to do some good.
I saw 150 power trucks ready to help on any outages!! Great job!!
bizim bu sarraf'i ne yaptiniz baskan varmi sahtekardan bir haber
Thank you Mr. President.  We are behind you 100%.  USPatriotArmy. MAGA/Trump2020. God bless.
Aren't you at Camp David right now? ON VACATION? AGAIN? Your massive hot air is the only thing bigger than #HurricaneIrma
OK...When do you open your flippin eyes & admit there ARE climate issues.  Maybe after your Cclub is destroyed you will say oops, not a hoax
Your suckiness is raging.

Thank you for your support fPres. Trump and not interfering with our Governor's job, and not ignoring everything like Obama did.
Thank you for your proactive leadership.
With Irma about to kick Floridas ass, I just wonder what the ex-professor from Tampa U that mouthed off about Texas thinks of Karma now. 
MY GO GETTER PREZ!!!!!!
Dildo
I am praying for Florida and all areas affected by this demonic hurricane
Favorite tweet so far
NOT A REAL 45 TWEET...

IT'S NICE

IT'S NOT SELF AGGRANDIZING

IT'S SPELLED CORRECTLY

NO SARCASM

IT HAS EMPATHY
And #PRAY!
No matter what the president says some of you people are sick, never satisfied
I hope so sir. This is one ugly storm.
you opposed the climate change idea..why console yourself
Ahhaha really and you still want to cut funding from #FEMA ha lol YOU'RE hilarious !
but it has NOTHING to do with Global Warming. RIGHT???

Thanks bro
Did you collect 17 mil for a hurricane that never happened in Florida at mar a lago in 2005?  Trump stole insurance money if he did.
Did you just say #Fema??? Hypocrite. You want to cut their budget!!! So don't  patronize
I hope Irma destroys every bit of Mar-A-Largo.
Why don't you get whoever to kill #HurricaneIrma with this technology? https://www.google.com/patents/US5441200 …
The People Of New Zealand Send Their Prayer's And, Best Wishe's To The People In Houston Texas,Florida And The Caribbeans Islands.God Bless!
Thats because he posts stupid shiz
Could this be "climate change"? 
Delusional Donnie cuts agencies that protect Americans from severe weather events like Irma, human caused climate change & sea level rise!
Delusional Donnie cuts funding from agencies that help Americans rebuild after natural disasters like Irma & Harvey to fund his stupid wall!
Stop acting like you give a damn!!
Please stop using the word talented.
"Teams of people" = civil servants. Just like the ones fighting wildfires out West.  The very ones your party demonizes.  #goodgovernment
Bishop: you above everyone else should know the Bible says to pray for our leaders - not cut them down. Straighten out your attitude .
Thank you Mr. @POTUS!!  It's reassuring to know that you are well informed at all times and are prepared well in advance!  I appreciate you!
Everyone all up in your Kool-Aid and don't even know what flavor it is!! Come on guys if you are such a Trump hater then get off his page!!!
#HurricaneEarl went 2 #TropicalStormEarl & my tweet was d #HolySpirit doing--> https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Mark%204:39&version=VOICE … & I tweeted Brianna @prince song d
Thanks dear president for keeping us informed. God bless you and keep you safe always.  Beware of the swamp creatures...
Trump, after Harvey and Irma do you still thinking climate change is an hoax? You must be more updated and les close minded
Why don't you issue an executive order that stops #Irma
Since you are a denier of Human led Climate change, this must be an "act of God". What did you say to offend Him?
Be careful, this whole thing was manipulated.  They are trying to get everyone more dependent on fema and govt.
Should usaf be evacuating people instead of commercial airlines profiteering from Americans fleeing the next hurricane as reported by BBC
Aren't you tired of tooting your own horn? Can' t you just say , "stay safe! And my thoughts and prayers are with you all"?
very encouraging to hear the certain terms of "help at hand" Being Careful & Safe is the assurance towards seeing success & living it. Shab
Still think climate change doesnt exist???
Ok
