Useless interview. She couldn't be farther up your A**!
Fox news diffionitly is fake news you would have to be as crazy as you are Trump to watch fox news
Who cares?
Make sure to GHBTP!
Sad dems still don't get it
Propaganda fest!!!!
I really like U, man. Even thou Im not american, I'm proud of living in time of your leadership. Could U help me doing something to slow down the socialisation of Bolivia?
Christians and catholics are suffering since the President Evo thinks he is a Messias...!
ok
First, I am a Trumpster. But for the Love of Christ @DonaldJTrumpJr or @IvankaTrump please have your dad STOP  saying "Enjoy" #Ridiculous
I definitely won’t enjoy
Good
Good
Doing interview
Me Trump
You Maria
I'd rather have a root canal

No.
All hail your interviews with the Supreme leaders network
Everything you try and do for us hits a road block either from DEMS or REP WOLVES.  Most ineffective Government..CLEAN SWAMP!
Fing the OX
iN-EWS

Where
Sexual Predators
are WELCOME.
Correction: FAUX News.
ISIS is on the run
Tell them how much you still admire Bill O'Reilly. Should go over big.
Thank you Mr President Trump god bless you and god bless America I'm tuned in can't wait 
RT IF YOU WANT EMINEM AS PRESIDENT
63 million of us Americans voted for President Trump so all of hollywood, athletes and main stream media can go fly a kite including eminem
Yes but 66 million voted for Clinton. Not sure your statement has enough wind to fly.
Marilyn, like most of trumps base, has difficulty with math and intellect, majority of us did NOT vote for trump, let that sink in Marilyn.

Psychopath
I do always enjoy seeing you make an ass of yourself. It's my daily guilty pleasure.
Heard and read some on if. No thanks. It was brutal listening to a President who can’t even put a sentence together and sound incoherent.
I'll pass.
Wow on FOX of all places? That's a surprise! Way to switch it up!
Must be raining, OR you’ll be interviewing from the golf course.
Has brought over 1,000,000 jobs back! Over 5.3 Trillion in the Stock Market! And of course has been our Warrior against the establishment!
2nd Amendment, Strong Military, ISIS, historic VA improvement, Supreme Court Justice, Record Stock Market, lowest unemployment in 17 yrs!
And by the way-all you did was vomit exactly what trump said yesterday. Your reporting is lacking in facts
... Is that an order?
"Doing" - as in you will be live? Or is this another pre-taped fluff piece for state run media? #NOMORE #FUCKTRUMP #FUCKMAGA

Stop doing interviews and do some work! Oh, and stop golfing, too!
Did you take that IQ test yet?  We'd love to see the results!
When are you going to do a interview with a news agency who doesn't suck the dirt from between your toes?
The entire point of the First Amendment was to allow the media to hold people like your accountable for your actions and inactions.  I dare you to give CNN, MSNBC, or CBS an interview!
Why the hell would he do that? Those idiots are nothing more than liberal attack dogs.
Vast global conspiracy to take dipshit don down is more plausible than we having a shitty human being in office? Warped reality.
Penis
On Fox News yet again. When are they just going to make you an honorary Orange Idiot correspondent?

good luck and God bless @POTUS :)
What is your IQ test status?
Haha you are funny! I will even not turn on this fake news TV station. FoxNews is just your propaganda TV. Not my style. Sorry!
You are reading about this, you WILL watch Trump on Fox News.
Wrong Robbie! I even dont follow Trump, just come here sometimes to lmao about his tweets.
Oh, ok. My mistake. Have a great day.
No problem. You too.
The worst President ever .... wants to redeem himself from all the screwup he did. Wake up America

Go to the FBI pick a top agent and tell him to find out what happened. It's easy. & let's find out exactly what happened with uranium one
, America's Tass.
Are you going to show the ‘proof’ of your phone call?
Going back on the entertainment channel to tell more lies? Gfy!
Enjoy? You are kidding! Sorry, gonna watch my grass grow! I'll hear about your lies later!
Can I come watch the grass too? PLEASE
Why follow then? Why not live your life? Bitter?
Everyone need comedy in their lives! It's like having SNL in the morning! But thanks for asking!
Enjoy. Woohoo. What a fun fun life you have .
Jealousy is a vicious thing!
The ratings would soar if you release your tax returns. We'll wait.
Really great interview this morning , nice to have a respectable reporter for a change .
So surprised! Our #FakePresident is once again talking to #fauxnews ! SHOCKER! Fox is #fake
White male TERRORIST arrested last night. What are your thoughts on this? Ban all white males?
I'd love to tune in, but I'll be busy watching paint dry.
You really put yourself out there. Will Maria ask you 'how are you so successful as President?' or the tougher 'why are you so successful?'
Or the question 'When being such a successful President, ever stop and think, am I being too successful? Should I take it down a notch?'
You know, Maria Bartiromo is to journalism what Ugg boots are to people without feet.
At end of interview you should hand Maria an Emmy. 'I want to thank you for this terrific interview. America thanks you. Huge journalism.'
'Oh and we will need that Emmy back later as I'm sitting down with Hannity. We only made one. It's real imitation gold.'
I understand  Hannity is pissed because he tried to sexually harass people like his colleagues did and everyone just feels sorry for him
No thank you. #FakeNews
It's all about you isn't it. There is nothing enjoyable about what u r doing to the country. White supremacy, misogyny, despair, hatred.
So you're going to be on Fox, who renewed O'Reilly's contract after he settled a sexual harassment suit? But Weinstein? Fake Outrage.
The woman who accused him has a record of accusing several men, she is a phony.
You don't settle if you're not guilty. Way to go victim blaming
Yeah right, he said he regretted not fighting it, it’s just part and parcel when you’re in the biz. Paid attacker’s, 2 trump,bolling,oreilly
Just like I was harassed and assaulted in the military and nothing was done, just part & parcel, right? Should've expected that, right?
No, I’m sorry that happened to you. No one deserves that. But some are falsely accused which makes it so much harder for the true victims
And you taking the word of a man who has been accused multiple times only makes it more difficult for those of us that HAVE BEEN
You don't settle a case when you did nothing wrong. Sorry you feel that way.
Yeah, you are a scaredy-cat, you can’t go on any other network...such a snowflake.
Ill be sure to miss that propaganda
Enjoy. Only your base enjoys listening to your psychotic babble. Where are your tax returns? Are they at the Kremlin? Show us your returns!
One of so many reasons I hate Trump. Save cw monuments but to hell with precious art. "john barron"! #FakePresident
Of course on Faux news station, ugh. I won't be watching!
WHEN ARE YOU RELEASING YOUR TAX RETURNS?!?!?
Fake news let’s you LIE on their air how nice
Nobody even gave a shit—imagine that.
Dont care....
Shut your ugly ass up... white trash
Maria, hold onto your pussy, Like all the ladies in his life.
How do you know when Pinocchio is lying?  He opens his mouth.
TRY DOING AN INTERVIEW ON MSNBC -only fox will support your lies
Shut up. We hate you.
I'm sure you are talking to Fox Russia News


NEW DAY 
NEW BEGINNINGS 
YIN & Yang 
Keep your BALANCE…
What a joke! U haven’t gotten anything big done- U can’t  stick 2/any decision- U don’t know particulars on any policy presented 2 U #MORON

That wouldn't BE enjoyable, Orange Blob.
thank you for your prayers hahaha
Jesus, trump loves u! 
America decided n Trump she b allowed to deliver.... I had think
Trump should be allowed the space to deliver
Eat 
Sorry. I did not enjoy. Your ignorance and utter failure to make complete a sentence made my brain hurt.
He declared it Sunday, October 22 today.
Thats You talking .
sorry i miss it president moron

And you again confirmed you are a liar and a narcissist.
Again do you job and stop tweeting about the NFL, golfing and going to pep rallies
Keep ur hands to urself face!!  @CNN @Morning_Joe @nytimes @washingtonpost @vicenews @NBCNews @MSNBC @maddow
Please try to keep your hands to yourself. I know thats going to be hard because" when you r famous they let u do it"
You in Fox News? That’s shocking! Lol
You mean the #ThrowTrumpSoftballQeustions news network?  Have a real show interview you, like @maddow, @andersoncooper, etc.  #FakeNewsDon
I'd rather do laundry!!!
Exactly how long is “the last long period of time”
"ENJOY!"... is that similar to ""have a good time" at Post-Hurricane rallies?? Or is it that you think your Presidency is one big reality show?
Please keep in mind: nobody would win military actions! If you ignore that you were going to kill the whole world, maybe America first!
Your killing @FoxNews enjoy!
Enjoy!!? Are you kidding!?
Poor Maria.
She is a fake journalist.  Let u lie  lie lie !

This weekend, all five former U.S. presidents raised money for hurricane relief. 

Trump played golf for the 75th time of his presidency 
Oh did you tell the truth about Niger. Resign
How about talking to your opponents?
Liar. Bully.
Can’t wait to hear what new lies come out of your tiny mouth
Fox sucks ass .
Did you notice your answers rarely have anything to do with her questions?? Can’t concentrate? Mind wander? Dementia???
Fox News just loves its sexual predators.
You are waaay too much of a scared punk to go on @CBSNews or @60Minutes . You use "fake news" as an EXCUSE. Sad!
I saw the interview. You are an embarrassment to the United States of America.
Endorsing the Ministy of Truth yet again. Please do your country a favor and #Resign
Marvelous & STRAIGHT FORWARD @MariaBartiromo @realDonaldTrump 

BRAVO  KEEP TWEETING 
IT BRINGS THINGS TO LIGHT  
THE PUBLIC WANTS TO KNOW

Do an interview with me sir
That was a soft interview.She did NOT ask any questions that would make you think. You need to be interviewed by a stronger interviewer. SAD
Not in this lifetime!
Here's a funny Bartiromo interview
What criminals

Resign
Toilet cleaning time at 10am. What a coincidence!
I saw the interview. Alzheimer’s must suck bro.
Wow. Awful. Crash and burn. Jibberish. I suggest you stay off television. You really proved your critiques right. #illigitimatepresident
Why not try an interview with anyone outside of FOX FAKE NEWS
Fox -alt news the only station you can get one?  are you afraid of Rachel Maddow? Rachel Maddow Ends August As No. 1 In Cable News - Forbes
It is embarrassing to watch you as you speak! It clearly shows a mentally deranged man struggling to make sense!
OH .. I MISSED IT..
please explain, this PRESIDENT TRUMP, we all are truck drivers, but ups gets exemptions, what they arent truck drivers
"Interview" you mean.
thabks for the warning!

Fox News = Fake News so I’m not going to look.

I  never watch FOX. It is fake news. The VA is forced to have your fake news. I ignore it there.
How good it feels for these trump haters when you can speak directly to your president. Must be refreshing.
DOING INTERVIEW ?
I WORKING !
McCain appears to mock Trump's draft deferments
25th Amendment
The only interview we will ever enjoy is the one you announce your resignation traitor
FAKE NEWS

Was very good interview u gave.

Ping pong game. Cotton toss.
According to the Reports. Japanese Golf leader Hideki Matuyama and Prime Minister Abe welcome Mr.President
No one cares !!!!!!
resign
Fox news is in your pocket, why should we listen/ watch a LIAR IN CHARGE OF THE U.S.? Impeachment is the way to go!
You're always better on SNL!!
