Let's talk about #failure. Here is a comparison of @cnn #nytimes & #trump's record. #epicfail on his record. Retweet the truth. #resist
#EpicFail #IndivisibleTeam #TheResistance #SignOfResistance
#voteGOPout #resist #Resistance #indivisible
" Gegen DUMMHEIT Kämpfen GÖTTER SELBST VERGEBLICH!"...: Uncountable His Kind of Nannies Meanwhile Trying 2 teach sme Kind of Manners atLeasr
FAILING FAKE POTUS comes out of JEW HATING RACIST CLOSET.  Bravo!  Most honest thing U've done 4 America.
Nope, you lost the popular vote. Russia helped you, traitor
Emotional coper. Trump won!! Deal with it.
Glad you apologized to the @nytimes. When are you going to apologize to us, the American people for your Russian collusion? RESIGN!
FAKE POTUS acknowledges the TAIL IS WAGGIN THE DOG w/ C'ville remarks.
Remember how you lost the popular vote to a woman? (You suck.)
U can always tell when a post is from a dumb dumb dumbie who is dumb! Very sad! PS: Trump sucks!
That was intelligent
Trump's not! Intelligent, I mean. On account of how hard he sucks. Get it?

Numberwise you are a pathetic minority, but it doesn't matter because you'll be hearing about it from behind bars if there's a God.
Yes we heard! You won the election. But not by both electoral & popular vote. So looking at the big picture, more were against you than for.
#pleaseresign #pleasestoptweeting Find something better to do with your time, like read a civics book. I have one I could send you.
Inept?
You mean like being the f***ing President and retweeting a totally fake bot account as if they were a human supporter? Like that?

Poor baby. Little muffin does not like the real news.
Totally pathetic.
you are right' mr. president.
Says the most inept president in our history. SAD!
the only way won was putin
You didn't have a BIG election win, only a little one.  ThePOPULAR vote went to Hilary.
The New York Times never apologized to you, you are a consummate liar!!
Shocking!
don why do you fail me with how inept you are every day txt me back thx
We, the people, agree....
Again, it isn't failing. For someone who hates fake news, you seem like you bloody love it.
Do you even look things up before they spout forth from your gob? #NYTimes @nytimes
donald this is August and you are still telling everyone that you won . I think everyone knows whos in the white house.
Trump loved this Russian performance so much, he's considering promoting Stephen Miller to Communications Director
Not sure it's for real...but funny..
When is MAGA supposed to happen already?
They weren't completely wrong: you lost the popular vote by 3 million.
You took this job that you are completely unqualified for w/ conflicts of interest you'll ever be honest about & you think they are inept?!
U didn't win big ding dong!
.@TrumpModels is under investigation for human trafficking #PIMPOTUS
You are going to jail!
He sure loves to talk about the election doesn't he? I'm hoping more for a Mueller time out though.
The was a time they bragged about Kushner doing exactly this stuff. He was deemed a hero by the Trump zombies.
FAKE POTUS.  Stick a fork in him he is done.  Mueller has financials and tax returns.

Grandpa's up.
You BOTH must live by the same failing credo 
#LameDuck #Liar #AmericaFirst
Then you and the Times would have something in common!
Dude you have a tape measure next to your bed don't you? Creep
Read article in Hillsdale College Imprimus May June about the NYT losing all journalistic integrity. Example of once great paper gone left.
LOL! You keep saying the failing NYTimes but their readership is way up and their profits are up. You are wrong again small hands
It's very sad that The New York Times actually believes the propaganda they spew. They fuel the current division in our country.
Journalism is DEAD!
No it's not. It's just that the ppl who think it is, think "Dictatorship is in!"

Apologize for playing more golf than the last 2 POTUS.
Keep up the great work, @nytimes.
As hopelessly inept as this, Don? 
You know your just advertising for the @nytimes , right ?  
Hillary won the popular vote, you can't change that.  hahahahahahahahahahhahaha
hahahahahahahahahahhahahaha
hahahahahahahahahhahahahahhahaha
HahahahHa that popular votes majority were done by illegal migrants bloody illegals
You mean the Pulitzer Prize wining NY Times which has been accurate in almost everything about you?
How many awards has Trump TV won?
Hell, how many Pulitzers or Emmys have you won?
33% approval rating = loser
The failing Trump Presidency, which hasn't accomplished a single worthwhile thing since its fraudulent win, is totally inept. Everyone knows
It has been busy destroying country. Approved XL pipeline just a start. Dismantling dept of Education and EPA well under way.
Just because you keep saying something doesn't make it true as the majority of America know. Very little that comes out of your mouth is true. Maybe .0000000001% is true. If that.
Totally inept sums up your presidency. Too fucking unreal.
The failing trump presidency, which have lied and colluded with Russia, is destroying America. Trump is totally inept.
The failing Mar-a-Lago, who's members can't even talk their friends into being seen at the club, is totally inept!
#dividedwefall
The failing @nytimes, which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win (apologized), is tota...
more evidence he's TWENTY-FIRST century HITLER (August 7, 2017; 6:38 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Your big election win? You lost by 3 million votes! You only won due to archaic Electoral Col. The failing Trump presidency is more like it!
His big election win? 74,140,350 DID NOT vote for him! #TheFailingTrumpPresidency
Honestly, if you spent as much time doing your job as you do gossiping, bullying & harassing people on Twitter you might achieve something.
With all the videos you make how do you have time to harass the president on twitter??
So you're saying it's fine he's constantly wasting time.
Who is wasting time?  I would say all those lifer democrats that has nothing better to do but bring up lies and call people racist.
Really lies.

..he lies on a daily basis
#ilovemypresident
For some reason, you seem to still think this is only about you. Hmmmm. Pssst. 
IT"S NOT!
They predicted Hillary would get more votes & she did.  Can you please get someone to explain polls to you bcuz your ignorance is astounding
Glad you're not on vacation....
The Times never apologized. You really need to stop with the lies.
#resign
If you didn't have anything to hide, you wouldn't have Paranoia. Attacking others is making you look more guilty every day.
Ummm...you lost the popular vote...even with Russian help!
They are coming for you next!!
Goebeels Propaganda backfire.
Give it up.
Your election win was a razor thin margin and you LOST THE POPULAR VOTE. AND YOUR INAUGURATION CROWD WAS TINY LIJE YPUR HANDS AND MIND
Your big Election win was a squeaker- win was as tiny as your inauguration crowd and your hands #ittybittydigits
Then STOP calling them into the Oval Office for interviews!! I will never understand that decision.
your big election loss by nearly 3 million votes that was reversed by the very undemocratic electoral college, bozo
It wasn't a big win, knucklehead. You lost the popular vote by over 2 million, for crying out loud. #gaslighting
now going after @NYTIMES (August 7, 2017; 6:38 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Some of us do not accept their apology. @nytimes can ...
What big election win? More Americans voted for @HillaryClinton than you. YOU LOST.
And you are boring. Same old same old.
Give it up, we all know you are President, it scares us everyday and your constant cry about "I won, l won.... no one cares. give us HealthC
Are you not able to golf today? Must be rainy since all you do is tweet more #AlternativeFacts You need more job training on how to be POTUS
They are poisoning people everyday and you are just crying as being potus, you will definitely ignore fakenews if it is for your benefits
Big election win???  Who are you trying to convince?
Wow. You're either on something, or you need to change your diaper, Mr. Trump.
I second that!
We will believe it when we see it. PLEASE give us affordable health care! Some of us REALLY need it. I fell and broke my back.
Aren't you tired of this hack story by now?
Losers, Liars and Traitors!! God Bless You Mr President!
Donnie, in case you forgot, you lost the popular vote by 3 million.
#fakeelection
A bunch of crybaby, piss in their diaper losers on here, who STILL can't believe Crooked Hillary (speaking of diapers) lost in epic fashion.
Your Fox infused base may believe NY Times is failing, but 66% of the country knows better.
Do you actually believe that you had a big win? Like, for real? I know it's important to you that other ppl believe it but - no.
Dear popular vote loser (you) subscriptions at NYT have never been stronger (true). They never apologized ( you made that up). Inept=you
Don can you please just act like a President?  #Americasembarrased
But.....@nytimes is ALL OVER ur collusions, obstruction, and FAILED WALL/tRUMPCARE/IMMIGRATION/Russian COVER UP! @CNN @Morning_Joe @nypost
Once again: subscriptions to the NYT have skyrocketed. So has the rate at which your (few) brain cells are being lost.
Only one of you is failing and it's not the NYT.
@realDonaldTrump #tu #quoque , #ad #hominem , #hyperbole
Once again, Trump: why is the media fake when u don't like what they report, but real when u like what they report?
The falling @WhiteHouse, which has made numerous false statements about every topic including huge wins and crowds (no apologies), is bent.
Funny, so are you
They seem right on track breaking the big scoops about your collusion with Russia. Just sayin.
Clinton won in 2016 popular vote by 3+ million. You won the EC b/c of gerrymandering and Russian help. Real!
No. They didn't apologize. And no they aren't wrong.
You mean they missed the part you lost by over 3 million votes? Wait, something wrong, you won by -3 million votes!! I get it, loser.
got more whine than friggin' Tuscany.
You and NYT should get a room.
You so love them
#delusionaldonald
And so r the people who believe them
Meu cu
Good one.
@nytimes think people will believe whatever they publish. Newsflash NYT, your journalistic malpractice has only damaged your own credibility
There is 1 prediction I am waiting for. Let's play play guess that word.
When (do you suppose) that shit-hole will finally go bankrupt?
Big win? Technically, you lost. The electoral college was in your favor. And of course Russia.
Wah, wah, wah. Go put on your big boy pants
They never apologized.
"Donald Trump Is An Impotent Cuck: The Movie" is going to be great, I wonder who they will get to play you.
They must be on to something.
Keep on saying it Donald, but we all know you lost the popular vote, even if you can't admit it to yourself.
It sounds like you actually have a lot in common Donnie
you need to see a doctor very very very soon.
Mr Trump, you have failed this country
NYT, enjoying robust growth, never apologized, facts are facts. Except on Trump TV, where they are alternative facts. #YoureInept
Behold the World's Greatest Victim. Big wuss
No sir, YOU are inept and are failing miserably at running this country.  SAD!
NYT proves day in and day out its a yellow journalistic rag.
But they've been RIGHT on the FACTS! Especially the 1s stating you're a bankrupt con who's blown all his money on ill advised business deals
I am sure you go to Salem
There are so many real things to be concerned about, yet you're still banging on about this unimportant rubbish. You're a ridiculous twit!!
Sounds like you @realDonaldTrump totally inept
Russia interfered with the election. @HillaryClinton won the popular vote. You sir are inept, & a #LiarInChief. @nytimes earnings up!
Stop worrying about this and focus on the good things!! We are behind you
It takes one to know one.
You lost the popular vote - like you said the system is rigged. And, that is why you are the POTUS45
Dear President Trump, please don't let Hillary off with a plea deal - Lock Her Up!
Someone got a new word on their vocab calendar
You didn't win the popular vote. Give it up donnie. If "uncle vlad" hadn't bought the electoral college for you, you wouldn't be in ths mass
Outdated Electoral College won you the election. Someone else had 3,000,000 more votes that you. That's what really should count.
Yeah, you ARE delusional.
Seek Mental Health Help Immediately before it gets any worse.
Did you make an appointment yet?
You lost the popular vote by over 2 million. Remember that?
Move on.
What big election win? You lost the popular vote by millions and barely won electoral college
如果希拉里那个疯婆子要是当上总统，美国的噩梦才开始。If Mrs Clinton were to be President, America's nightmare would begin
True they didn't realize a #fakepresident would be elected.  They expected better from Americans.
You are only 7 points from the approval rating of Richard M. Nixon the day before he resigned. Better start making plans for a post-WH life
Yeah and we all know what day this is? 43rd anniversary of RMN resign.
Unfreaking believable. You still think this about who won??!
They made wrong prefictions but they are fake news so that makes them right!!! Well done @nytimes
I believe that is what we would call "the pot calling the kettle black," although nice to see new chief of staff elevating your vocabulary.
*cough* popular vote *cough*
Sentence fragment, insult, (lie) unsubstantiated claim!
hey i was wondering, instead of playing dodgeball, did all you rich kids play DRAFT DODGE when you were growing up?
