Why is majority party allowing minority to dictate to them ? How is schumer allowed to block pentagon nominees and slow walk others ?
3/2 so in attempt 2 placate the left & repub voters who want free shit
They try to sit the fence.
They are political.
Left is agenda driven.
Ppl have to b told u have to work for what u want govt isn't responsible for funding your whole lives
Me, i want nothing from the govt, except to GTFO my way and let me dominate.
I want to compete, win. If i lose, i pick myself up, rebuild.
Exactly I don't want govt controlling me . Telling me what care I can get and not . Govt was supposed to protect not provide
Let us have the best infrastructure to compete around the world. Every citizen, free. You pay for services used on it only.
Spend less.
Go out and work hard for what u want
Exactly. Go get it. Work hard, smart, then enjoy the rewards. Great healthcare, great food, drink, money, opportunity.
Insurers,AARP & Healthcare community REJECT SENATE TRUMPCARE! Why- those over 50, & sickest at any age PAY MORE. Poor lose insurance. Tragic
Well the poor can't afford insurance due to the high costs due to the government. AARP is getting rich from subsidies. No one mentions that!
The poor have Medicaid...
Yeah because they can't afford insurance. Hospitals get rich out of that system. The poor stay broke, and depend on gov. Funding. Not good
Medicaid IS  insurance and doctors do not get rich serving Medicaid patients.
Medicaid is not insurance. It's a program. It's funded by the government, 50% through borrowed money. That's not sustainable.
... Mediciaid is a program that provides insurance. The name of that insurance is also Medicaid. Jesus, educate.
No, Medicaid is not insurance. You fundamentally don't understand how the United States healthcare system works
Wow, I'm impressed that he is trying to get the bill scrapped.
It's a No-Brainer, folks.  
Complimenting Obama on his great shape? YOU MONSTER.
I'll take that as sarcasm!!!!!
Irony.
Where's the free market you promised? How is this bill getting government out of health insurance? Epic lie! Will cost you in 2018 & 2020
Well the ACA is much better for the people than any of the other plans in House and Senate as proposed now!
This is not a healthcare bill. It is defunding Medicaid: not helping the poor, children and elderly. Major tax break for very wealthy. SAD
This is a incredible journey Mr.Trump , keep it up, history in the making ...

Xi Jinping killed Liu Xiaobo, you actually also praised Xi Jinping this murderer。
You, your family and Pence have done more harm to this country in six months than anyone in history.  Shameful, corrupt GOP

At the moment, many foreign leaders are looking for ways to work around Washington and its rogue President. http://nyer.cm/suyyjLt 
Are you going to use this wonderful new healthcare Trump? What is right for the people is right for you, surely?
public health doesn't work FREE MARKETS WORKS!
We are too big for health care for all. 32 million-Canada. 350 million-US? Go back to the way it was.too much free in this country.
Hey, Christians, did either of you send well wishes to Jimmy Carter, who collapsed while building homes for the needy? Phony Christians.
RIGHT for the 1%
Make America great again Mr President 
Maybe if you keep asking he will consider it. If he's not too busy lining his own pockets and covering up his lies.Hope springs eternal
By "the people" you mean " rich, white personal friends."

For clarification.
Or your buddies pockets?
Mike Oence = biggest puppet on the planet.  He's waited by to take over when you're impeached
Ayyyyy turn up!
Wonderful now. They will be the subjects of your raging twitter shit storm when Trump care falls to make vote. What will you call them then?
if I only had 1286D 8H 49M to do some good in the world, I wouldn't waste in on Twitter. #RESIST
Lah yehdik. 7ot tiliphone men yedik, raka ma3roud ze3ma
Hahahahha
Mike Pence/Paul Ryan 2018. Cleaning up America!
Pushing through a horrible plan is not right for the citizens of the USA! This is crazy...are you all 10 yrs old!! Do it RIGHT!
Next time, you should prepare something relevant to say...NOT "SOME GUY TOLD ME." Deplorable ignoramus. #IMPEACH
The Republican senators should be required to use the same healthcare we get. Tell pence to stay off grinder and get to work
*Grindr
AMERICANS DO NOT WANT TRUMPCARE, YOU ARE NOT LISTENING, PRESIDUNCE YOU WORK FOR US, WE HATE TRUMPCARE!! WE DONT CARE ABOUT A TAX BREAK FOR U
The only thing Mike Pence is doing is distancing himself from you and family. Oh, and Pence is very busy raising money for his war chest

Lies. lies and more lies. What people are you talking about? Oh...the uber rich. Fix the ACA or go to the single payer. Stop the bullsh*t.
Someone's got to do it - you're too busy playing golf
Confused with Obama again!
The number of golf days would say otherwise.  But then Trumpsters don't believe in facts, just their leader's lies.
I didn't vote Trump but he definitely works when at his golf courses, hard to say what Obama did when he was out there
Your reported punk!! Targetted harassment.
Watch out for those giant bags of heroin being thrown over walls!!!
Cocaine too
His wall is a joke, even in Mexico.

.@SenateGOP

Any Questions??  

#ProtectOurCare
#NoBCRA
#SaveACA
#DoWhatIsRight
#JimmyCarterIsAPatriot
Proud to be a democrat 
I LOVE THAT, that REALLY sums up the Christian hypocrisy!!!!
Pro tip: you can combine to save characters

Christian+hypocrite=HypoChristian 

Also, that's pretty much the limit of my mad math skillz
Trumpcare is a travesty for the American people. Shame on you President Covfefe.
you make me sick!
3 Years, 6 Months, 6 Days, 8 Hours, 50 Minutes, and 54 Seconds
When will you get a life and not have a count down until the beginning of Trumps second term?
When your mother stops blowing me lol
We don't want socialized medicine.
Here's just one reason why Socialized healthcare allows Government power over the people:
UK Courts Order Parents of Charlie Gard 2 Remove Life Support, Claim Rights to Baby Under Gov controlled healthcare http://m.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/jul/11/charlie-gard-v-uk-evil-thy-name/ …
Right. That kid would totally be denied coverage under #trumpcare. His parents would be bankrupt first. #GOP think only rich deserve to live
Medical bills is the number one reason for bankruptcy. GOP care about ONE thing the almighty $!!!
Bf. A bf bf c
.@VP Mike Pence is working hard on HealthCare and getting our wonderful Republican Senators to do what is right for the ...
*for the white straight men.
Hahaha! Your plan is so badly thought out and half-baked, and so much worse than Obamacare that even your own party won't support it. Sad!
That would be to scrap your crap healthcare bill. So glad you have come to your senses and will give up.
He's in such good shape. Great physical shape.
he's so not , though

What she said
Hopefully Mike Pence will do a better job with this task than he did managing the HIV crisis in Austin, Indiana.
Hopefully Mike Pence isn't trying to work coverage for conversion therapy into the bill.
He never supported conversion therapy.
Resign already.
Demogogue Don, jacking up the cost of health care4 middle class+ working poor, pple won't address health issues then bforced into bankruptcy
Jimmy Carter is out there at 92  busting his tail helping the disadvantaged and what did u do on on the 4th?..played golf. Lol u r pathetic.
Hahahaha.. good joke ..
@SenateGOP @GOP No repeal and replace of Obamacare, no more GOP votes from me! I'll vote Democratic because atleast they passed a damn bill!
60% or more of the people want Medicare for all.
Do you have a link to this study?
http://www.medicareforall.org/pages/Chart_of_Americans_Support … That;s a couple of years old.
Oh...bummer...I was hoping for a real study, rather than a poll. And none of these links even go back to the true poll.
Well I found that with an easy google. I'm sure you can find a study that shows it.
It wasn't a study...it was a poll by ABC. A telephone poll of 1,100 people. I always try to be very careful about the source of stats.
RIP GOP.
Donald just pass a bill which says all elected federal gov need to pay their own healthcare 2018 and all retires ... they have no skin in gm
Pence lying to Americans, same as you
Glad to hear @VP is working so hard to get the republican senators to impeach you. It's good for the American people!
No Treasoncare
#TrumpRussia #Impeachmentparty #PresidentBannan
Repeal...no ObamaLite..!
Getting them to do what is right for the people??? I like the way you're thinking, but you shouldn't encourage them to impeach you.  #resist
What health care ,  I watch  us low class can't afford to pay bills just to afford medication ! The rich get richer n we get punched aside
Mike Pence is a homophobic hater fake Christian. He's got a track record of bad deals that kill Americans. And you are just a blunt weapon.
They are by not supporting this atrocious bill. Your failure continues. What are you even doing?!? You're out of your league Donnie!
So you lied about not taking away Medicaid and Medicare? How can anyone support this bill?
Then they wouldn't pass the current bill!
Why don't you do what is right for ALL US citizens instead on being obsessed with yourself?
Right for the people or right for your mega donors now tell the truth wait a minute u and ur admin wouldn't know the truth if it hit u head
Wow, getting ready to throw @VP under the bus when it should be YOUR failed plan #TrumpCareKills #DelusionalDonald #GOPIncompetence
Tax reform first
Come on Repubs! Keep your word to the American people!!!!!!
No, actually you're messing with something you and you administration are not looking to improve. Healthcare is a right.
ANYTHING SHORT OF UNIVERSAL IN SOME FORM IS UNACCEPTABLE! Single Payer-Medicare for ALL. The Dems should have passed it instead of the ACA!
So... they'll be voting no? #BetterCare = #DeathPanels
Right for the people?  Which people are you speaking of.  The top 1%? The mega rich?  Your campaign donors?
Do you think it's right to take care of the wealthy while the middle class pays for it....try working across the isle and maybe get it right
You puke. You can save money by eliminating all rebublicans who voted for you. Who is that stupid voting for u does not deserve health care.
Meanwhile your crypt keeper is guarding the portal into the whitehouse
Is that the same Republican Senators whom you threatened it better get done (regardless of how many millions it will kill or destroy)?
I love you Mr President!
Pence! WTF he's as big Liar as u r
Bailouts for big pharma are not good for the people
Gee Donny.  With scalise recovering and McCain gone, I hope you don't lose anymore GOP votes due to an unhappy citizen with an automatic gun
VP Pence & you are working hard to take over 22 million or more people's health care so that you can give big tax cuts to the top 1%! LIAR!

I learned the meaning of "FAKE"! You use it so often in your FAKE tweets!!!
informe toi mieux Jogues tu verras que le #FakeNews ne vient pas de lui
Bof! Mon cynisme prend le dessus! Il utilise le mot si souvent...ce ne peut que créer de la confusion. Les crédules changent de camps...
you'll see. Soon.
They've already done what is right. They haven't passed the terrible plan in front of them.
And ludacris behavior won his election. So the Republicans are doing everything they can to get as much through because they knew Trump
Do you know any other adjectives like criminal senators or gay pence or guilty Don?
Can your wonderful Mike Pinhead do what's right for us people and get you the Hell out of our WH? After that we can then work to get him out
Do you EVER sleep? Tweeting at 3am is not how to run our country..oh..that's right..you're trying to ruin our country..We won't allow it.
Rand Paul is a PITA.
So Pence is now working on your #Impeachment that would be best for the people
LIER
Pence is a disgusting homophobe & a traitor
I did have a little respect for Mike Pence. But not after he's comments to Trump. All them are ass kisser
If the plan is so wonderful, why did they exempt themselves from it
What's about universal health care for all Americans as public health insurance for all, like Québec's health coverage. Free for all.
your full of it ! Make Congress use it along with us . Ten bucks they wouldn't pass it . Shame on you profiting of it .
Is he threatening them to do what u want which isn't good for the people.A better plan needs to be made, not a rush job for u U don't care
Working to take healthcare away from the sick elderly and poor  to give tax cut to all your billionaire tugs,to you and family.wait/karma
WHAT WOULD BE BEST FOR THE PEOPLE IS GET THE GOVERNMENT OUT OF OUR HEALTHCARE!!
Not looking very good. Repub's have majority in House and Senate and you STILL cant pass anything. SAD!
Treating Democratic Senators like enemies is not helpful.

Hooray for our Vice President
If you mean "do what is right for the people" in taking away their healthcare for tax breaks for the wealthy, you're exactly right.
Impostor president makes for impostor VP. Don't cause suffering for sick people, the elderly, children, vets, women.
Actually, you and Pence are out to screw the American people. Your legacy is treason.
Which people???????????????????????????????????????????
president! I believe in you!  Please protect our American children, mothers, & dad's in need by protecting Medicaid.
So basically he is just ramming through an awful plan on your behalf so you can say you did something.
Trump's reaction because Fox News's Shepard Smith spit out the Kool-aid. https://twitter.com/Dennis_Falsetti/status/886227160188555268/photo/1pic.twitter.com/GuBS4nSYxE 
You want to make the ppl happy? UNIVERSAL HEALTH CARE that doesn't give you issues when you need tests run and prescriptions filled.
We need PROTECTIONS for the aging, children and those facing catastrophic illness. REPUBLICAN Congress can show they care. Draft Perfection
So hes just totally ignoring the Democrats? Why? Because he knows they're not going to let something through that's completely idiotic?
Pays for travel, maintenance on vehicles, and some extra food. It is not as if the money is being wasted. It is a non profit organization.
@VP Mike Pence is lying to Americans. This bill is worse than the previous version. It's shameful! You promised no cuts to Medicaid, Liar!
So you're taking away healthcare from millions of people, but that's ok since your gonna give everyone crappy internet.. Priorities..
Pence claims he doesn't know you...lol
Is that in between dodging the truth? Sidestepping clear answers on Russia? He's been dodging the heat, but he is as shady as you.
"Right for the people" is having reps act in our best interest, not yours, McConnell's or Cruz's. WE WANT OBAMA CARE.
Hahaha.   That's all
Repeal O'care. Then deal with preexisting conditions. Hard working citizens who pay their premiums are hurting. High deductibles & premiums
The GOP have NEVER worked for 'the people' only for the 1%. Wake up Americans and see the truth.
Let's not forget those massive tax cuts and lower premiums for the middle and lower class.  Oh wait.....
Trump are is anything but better than Obamacare just sorry you can't come up with a real healthcare bill sorry
Do what is right for the people? Kicking 22 million people off of their health insurance? There is nothing right about that.
At least repeal!

Yes what's right giving a huge tax breaks to upper income Americans  and subpar health care to the poor and middle class.   #Trumpcare
But you just continue to hide out in NJ watching golf. #Russia #Trumpcare #25thAmmendmentNow #Impeachment will be waiting when you get back
WHATS SO HARD ABOUT IT? JUST RESCIND IT EOFS BACK TO A FREE MARKET HCS FREE UP AMERICAN TAKE OFF THSE CHAINS SOCIALISM IS TREASON EVN BY TAX
12% approval for this tax cut for you & wealthy cronies, disguised as "healthcare reform". What a bad joke you 2 are
Stay out of healthcare, costs need to go down.

Let's Hopis not working hard to become President.
What is his personal PAC for?
Pence has venom in his eyes when he looks at you! He can't wait to take your job dummy! 
If he was doing what's right he would implore them to vote "No". This hypocrite saved Medicare in his state now he's twisting arms to kill
Are ALL these Senators ready to vote yes?
pretty sure trumpcare just fell apart just like your mental health.
Make the people happy,vote against this evil bill.
Mike Pence is working hard to make sure people die in debt and soon.
You guys wouldn't know the "real People" of the formerly great Country if we collectively bit you in the ass!
O really why just get rid of odamacare all together or should I call it Trumpcare
First you say you might get angry, now you cozy up...pick an emotion and stick with it. Sarah HS seriously can't keep up.
Social programs that help feed their kids. People are under the delusion that its a bunch of bums essentially looking for hand outs. You
If it's right for the people, than those wonderful Republican Senators can accept the same coverage.
Then they should impeach you
Mike Pence is working hard to be ready to be President when you are impeached! You are a fool and you will go down!  Worse polls in history!
Steel 232-I'd write my senator-useless. The hill article-g-20 ref-no other country cares about us. We must take care of us.  2
Also,  if these self-serving republicans can not get the agenda done they will be done. Taxes & Healthcare- freemarket.

Iowa Republicans are tweeting your lying criminal VP asking him to stop lying about ObamaCare

shut up you have tweetered up a stom today
LIARS.  STOP LYING.  WHY DON'T U CALL IT DEATHCARE!!???  CRIMINALS!!!
LIAR and conman
What would be nice would be your ass actually doing something right by the nation.  Collusion is not an ingredient in a mixed drink.
Is it the right thing to do for the people to deny healthcare to 23 million Americans?
I pray OUR Wonderful Republican Senators do what they are suppose to do since OUR DOLLAR IS Paying Them!
what is right for the people is the unbridled glee the nation will erupt in when you and your ilk are marched out of Washington.
The Senators report to us not you    we want our healthcare. Stop pushing to take it away promise breaker
Repeal now replace later. I know that's your plan but is it really what's right for the people? How about doing something right, not fast.
If Pence is working at doing what's right for the American people, he will tell the Senate to throw this bill in the trash and start over.
While your GOP Senate  lackeys are working on so called healthy reform you're working hard at watching golf on TV?
Are you purposely trying to be the worst unelected Prez in history? You are beating the hell out of  Ford who pardoned our last crooked Prez
Put your son Baron and daughter Ivanka on the new Trump Care and we will know it's good for America.
Of course he is! MASA (make  America sick again ) A terrible bill, that will affect children, the poor and still give tax refunds to rich!
