Where is the long overdue vaccine commission???  The peer review reports the world over are startling.  We need this!
There is no connection between vaccines and autism. Stop peddling this crap. Wakefield is a discredited quack.
There are many studies.  Google it.  Wakefield was exhonerated.  Living in a cave are we?
The danger of his fraud: not only unimmunized children at greater risk of contracting potentially deadly diseases, but so are immunized.
Incorrect. If immun get it, the vac did not work. I Vac get it, they are strong. Read the reports
No vaccine is 100% effective. Until herd immunity happens, vaccinated children at greater risk due to this nonsense.
Incorrect. It is the UN vaxed who are at risk.  If the vaxed were at risk, then the vac does not work.
We have already established that no vaccine works 100%. That puts vaxed at risk from unvaxed.
Thank you Jesus for President Trump & VP Pence! I give thanks to you every day for answered prayers!
Until #DonTheCon screws you to enrich himself and cronies
Here u people go with the blame/word game! u & the rest of the U.S. have ABSOLUTELY been conned by obozo! State the FACTS, not your BS LIES!
Fact Trump hotels built with imported Chinese steel Fact Ivanka's & Donald's clothing chinese made on slave wages those facts?
Oh so you're blaming Trump for being a businessman that has NO access to American steel nor any textile companies to make clothing. ...
No I'm pointing out HE rather than purchase more expense American Made Materials & Use more expensive American Textile companies Went China
watch your liberal buddies on Shark Tank ok! They DON'T want anything made n US due 2 cost! continue 2 bash Pres Trump 4 being a businessman
Why are AMERICANS being gouged at the pumps? WE need relief! Stop the IRS from taxing Americans that do not want Nocare
I don't want to pay for Trump's golf vacations. How much should I deduct from my tax payment?
Thanks to Thatcher.

Leftists says: There is an epidemic underway with leftists flocking to group psychotherapy treatments to cure Trump Depression Syndrome 
Like your daughter and son in law. LOL What a shame.
What did you know and when did you know it?  #TrumpRussia #resist
Hey Im trying to tell you Dallas, Tx has more illegal immigrants than the border!
But those pipelines aren't made of American steel. You said they wouldn't be built without US steel, yet it's happening. The liar president!
Thank you! PLEASE don't forget us who voted for u n CA. Incompetent Jerry doesn't give a rats ass
Don't hit at all if it is honorably possible to avoid hitting; but never hit soft! #USA #MAGA
Except on #keystonexl pipeline, right?
I think Soros pays you two negatively respond to every Trump tweet
I call bullshit on all your damn lies
But your and Ivanka's stuff will still be made in China?
Let's make America great with love and compassion. Not division.  https://youtu.be/HfqafLjePqw 
Whatever...snowflake Dems won't let that happen.
Lel
Wat ben jij toch een enorme blaaskaak #translate 
*unless it's profitable for you
We love you, President Trump.
So glad you do what you promised, unlike bribed politicians.
Well maybe 2nd.  After Russia. Or maybe 3rd, after Russia and China.  And oh yeah, you're a traitor.
Hear that Theresa May
"We" - but not you? Your crappy clothes are made in China FYI
Does this "we" include your and Ivanka's products? 

Also, you suck.
Mr. Liar in Chief the majority of the ppl no longer are buying what u are selling. Perhaps the former Chinese territory of Korea will buy it
I hope the ppl behind him regret this day for The of their lives.
Let's make America great again, Mr Trump.
Sure just like your ties and hats MADE IN CHINA
Like the steel you use on your towers & the Dakota pipeline? Oh wait, never mind...that was Chinese & Russian steel

When will YOU use American steel, American workers, American materials? Put your money where your mouth is, Donny!
So what is one piece of legislature you have had written and passed yet?  91 days in and all I see is executive orders.  You're not a king.
Except for your merchandise. Your merchandise is all Mexican and Chinese. That's ok.
that's fine,but shouldn't make pressure on those asylum who make "America"great!!! :)
How about you use AMERICAN LABOR in the shit your companies make?  Oh, too expensive?  #PracticeWhatYouPreach #Dementia #PresidentMiller
God bless
Why did you use Chinese steel in all of your buildings?
You said that about the Keystone Pipeline and then used Russian steel 
Get a grip on Yourself and be Informed for once in your Life. FUTURE PROJECTS.
American really?
And how old are these boxes?  Give it a rest already
American made right?
Sounds expensive.
you're going to endanger American lives... carry on honey we're listening
By making America first? Lol.. go back to your safe space. We'll let you know when the world is less "scary" for you snowflakes.
your orange god himself said bombing syria would have very serious consequences... good luck. You'll need it
Is your tinfoil hat close by? Go back to your tea party, princess. Many of us know that you're just tweeting the POTUS for likes &attention.
nah I'm tweeting him to find out what absolute fucknuggets actualy support him. It's interesting/horrifying
Lefty's always resort to obscenities and violence first. 
Rave on puss bucket.
Now where have I seen that American Steel promise before? http://fortune.com/2017/03/04/keystone-xl-pipeline-american-steel-trump/ …
But when Trump speaks of companies opting to buy steel from abroad, he's speaking from experience http://www.newsweek.com/how-donald-trump-ditched-us-steel-workers-china-505717 …
"It comes from  or we're not building it" - Trump in Feb, on #keystonexl steel, which doesn't come from  https://www.c-span.org/video/?c4666174/american-steel …
That's the point. It was bought when he was making that promise. So either he didn't know what he was talking about, or he was lying
With you, other people are unlikely to come at all.
That's a good thing.
Oh, really?
#ThursdayThoughts
5 things to know about the RUSSIAN STEEL that's coming into N.J. http://s.nj.com/s4hHAbk 
Pipelines, Russian Steel, and Buying American
https://ww2.kqed.org/perspectives/2017/03/14/pipelines-russian-steel-and-buying-american/ …
Everything you do fails.
Everything.
Except for collude with Russia.
You did GREAT collusion.
The best collusion.
Everybody says so.
This wins the internet today.
(Ted Nugent literally crapped his pants to get out of the military.)
#ThursdayThoughts
#TheResistance
I guess  they let anything  into the white house  these days. Shameful and they look stupid
NO, you are the one that is shameful because you don't know the truth, if you did you would know God chose OUR President to do His work!
Not the God I know! Shame on you for promoting a false prophet like trump! People like you are why some have turned away from religion. SAD!
Nice
And yet, all YOUR hotels were built with Chinese steel. Like your Chinese made apparel for sale!  @hockeyschtick1
GOD BLESS YOU, Mr. President, and GOD BLESS THE USA!! God Bless And keep You & Your Family Safe!
Every word you say is a lie. You accomplished nothing of value. We, the American people, do not want you as our president.
No you aren't. They're using Russian steel—stop lying… this is why no one takes you seriously.
Stop lying u don't know anything! Educate yourself 1st before sticking foot in mouth. Steel comes from Germany!!...
We're going to use American steel, we're going to use American labor, we are going to come first in all deals. … https...
Why did ivanka sign new trademarks with china if we are going to buy American
What about insisting on use of semiconductors and computer chips made in the USA instead of China, which contains spyware. Think about it!
you first.
Every day you are in office makes me glad that I AM American again. I am the son of a Scottish immigrant of Irish ancestry !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So what American manufacturing plant will make your ties
And yet he's done fcuk all
In 8 weeks he's done more for industry than Obama ever did #MAGA
No he's not statistics show there has been a drop in employment figures ... so that's a ridiculous statement
good luck with making deals when your the one that wants the deal seeing as the first rule of any deal is fairness
so we will now kill the So. Dak pipeline (the hateful DAPL) since it uses foreign steel?
Lying hypocrite.
Hypocrite! Hypocrite! Hypocrite!
Liar. Liar. Pants On Fire.
We need only Cruise Missile for KIm Jong-Un Ass, and North Korea will Fall, let's get it done, it's only $16 Million, Kaboom !
Sounds like the smartest thing he's said: it won't work
but you personally use Chinese steel for your buildings?
Really the dumb thing about this is we don't have the capacity to produce enough stell in the U.S. For what we use. Nor the labor to produce
So raising the cost of imported steel will just increase the cost of anything using steel, reduce economic activity, and cost jobs.
You are either mad or ignorant Donald
 - or both?
will YOU and your companies stick to this standard our will you continue to NOT lead by example?
Except that it's really Russian steel though... hmmm, can you say LIAR?!?!
Except for DAPL... that's russian steel
We need to rebuild a strong infrastructure. Next time No Chinese steel for the SF Bay Bridge.. a big expensive mistake. Rusted, failing
So are you and ivanka going to stop manufacturing your crap products in China?
Can you list top five American steel producers making product here. I need to do photo essay.
#NBC #CBS #ABC
Can uou make steel out of COAL? What do take for? Well guess what surprise! For you NO SECOND TERM HOPEFULLY IMPEACHMENT
I think you spelled Russian wrong?
Hahaha what a joke you are mr president
#CowardInChief #NeverTrump #Cowardice #TinyHands #NoMoreWar #Divest #Syria #NorthKorea #YouGetBadRatings
Coward In Chief https://youtu.be/_YVnfLnGJqc  via @YouTube
The steel you used in your buildings was from China, just like your ties. You are a con man and a hypocrite!
XXL.Even EXON sold out tar sands.Tar is over.Texas sweet crude build west tx pipeline and build new refinery instead of XXL
But you're  not! FREAKING liar! #IMPEACHTRUMP
I heard @realDonaldTrump always cums first, and doesn't much care whether @MELANIATRUMP comes at all, or even if she's in the same building.
Sounds great until you pay thousands more on your next car. This will be your next tax for a privileged industry, constraining competition
another false promise. Lies lies lies
You talk a big game about America first but you & your family still outsource your manufacturing & use foreign workers at your properties.
Meanwhile at Keystone Russian steel is being used
So American steel is Russian steel.
"They're going to want retaliatory tariffs, and you know what that means?... A return to Smoot-Hawley and the Great Depression." #bagel
-starting next week. Putz.
What's going to happen to our local economy? There's a lot of Chinese Iron sitting in Longview, WA! What happens to these companies?
They will sell what they have and it will be used . The law pertains to gov contracts
You couldn't even get a deal through with your own Republican Party for healthcare. You are a failure and a loser. Resign.
and where was this for the pipeline?? ohh! that didn't count.. paid to look other way..
So you're halting construction of the pipeline and making them return all the Russian steel?
"Right after we finish importing Russian steel"
thank you very much Mr. President. 
except your own products and Ivankas
#POTUS except when we don't #KeystoneXL #WORSTPRESIDENTEVER #COMRADETRUMP #TRUMPSLUMP #SAD  #MaralagoImmigrantworkers #UnAmerican
Why because once steel is moved into states by a corporation for 6 months it becomes naturalized? Its not American steel.
Like you did on the Dakota pipeline? Nope - that was Russian steel. Liar.
What about sane leadership???
Except in Trump deals or Trump buildings
Poor 19th century economic thinking
What about the steel in the pipeline, its from Russia, you're a hypocrite
40% of steel in Keystone provided by Russian company Evraz owned by your friend Roman Abramovich - hypocrisy
You took that memo to your clothing factories right? How about Ivanka's? #WhiteHouse #politics #SmallHands
Speaking of American labor, when is your product line coming home? Or Ivanka's? American labor my ass!
except for all that steel we're buying fro Russia
...you signed off on it is frightening at best.  Tyrannical
Wow Look at all that diversity !!! #LOSER
Unless it's Russian steel. Or a Trump business.
Such bs
Call the D.C. Fire Dept!  You're lying, and your pants are on fire
How bout that Trump vineyard in Charlottesville, VA. You just applied to have foreign workers come in....
That's totally different. He wants to make the rules first everyone else. Not him and his family.

Doing wonders for our country ( I'm a former NYC Prop. Msgr. and you did me the honor to campaign at my Wilkes-Barre, Pa. arena- my concept)
I'm so tired of all the winning, T-Rump. When will it stop???
Liarrr
Said the liar.
When is this going to happen..who here is going to manufacture steel..give us one name ?
Lies, lies, and more lies!
Except when it comes to Trump clothing lines.  What's good for America is not necessarily good for Trump.
The Fact Checker has counted a total of 12 countries where Trump products were manufactured
Liar. Traitor
Too bad you never used American steel or American labor.
Certainly using an American tool
This one is laughable. HE BOUGHT "CHINESE STEEL" FOR "HIS BLGDS". Do as I say, NOT AS I DO - MY IDIOT FOLLOWERS.
....that's due to laws, regs and gov't agenda in support of using their steel then.   Blaming POTUS for using it at the time is ridiculous.
I think you meant POTUS*
Didn't you use China steel in your Washington DC hotel?
American steel? When? What project? Not yours! Not the pipeline? Your omission of details shows what a con you are
You need to talk to @IvankaTrump . She's producing cheap ass clothing, shoes & jewelry in China made by little kids #MadeinChina #cheapshit
Coincidentally, this is also what he said to FLOTUS last night.
Except when it is cheaper and easier to use foreign steel.... like in your buildings and the xl pipeline.
Assign the "jobs that Americans won't do" to Americans who won't do jobs

nice string of lies, freak.
haha say the very person who does the opposite. How many different countries does he have in his pocket? Hummm
Talking out of your ass again... 
#TRUMPRUSSIA 
#TRUMPRUSSIA 
#TRUMPRUSSIA 
#TRUMPRUSSIA 
#TRUMPRUSSIA 
#TRUMPRUSSIA 
#TRUMPRUSSIA
Except the deals to which you gave exceptions right?
Lying sack of 
uhhhhh..... rephrase that
Another lie. You're such a fraud.
why your daughter uses sweat shops to make her produced CTS. Show example ..hypocrites
I wish that Nigerian leaders can start looking #inwards to strengthen, grow and develop Nigerian . No outsider will ever do it for us!!
And you're gonna use a fuck ton of American money.
The pipeline is Russian steel you realize #TrumpRussia
Where are your shit products made bozo?
Except that russian steel on those no job pipelines you pushed through. #lyingloser #jaredsbitch #trumpfansarestipid #bannonsbitch #nodapl
@realDonaldTrump did you use American steel in your buildings?
except at trump companies of course...
trinity is multi god,pray to sculpts of Jesus is idolized.Jesus never say He is God or God's son.bibles not all from Jesus
Goodness I missed #showandtell at #whitehouse so #sad
Bring back the plant in Steelton, Pennsylvania! It has a whole city for employees!!!
How about you using AMERICAN STEEL in your buildings?  Because you don't. #hypocrisy How about you hire AMERICAN workers in your vineyards?
Funny to think anyone would believe you anymore.
Except at your shitty winery...
What a liar
Too bad you've never used American labor and American steel when given a choice. You're such a hypocrite Comrade Trump.
you're gonna use the American people to make your rich friends richer, you suck, resign!!!
