You're a big bag of wind Mr Trump....which Texas doesn't need right now.
The majority Americans don't like Trump.
There's no Hurricane.  Climate Science is fake. This is just Libtard fear mongering. Godly Texas Republicans should be enjoying the Beach
Here's a starting point.  Shut down the ICE checkpoints in South Texas
God didn't save them? 
If YOU are ever NEEDED then it's way, way too late. #lastmoronstanding
Welp, he's not playing golf! #anotherliberalmoron
TRY AGAIN TOOTS:OBAMA: 8 yrs = 11.4 %  days golfing. tRump: 22 % "well ahead of Obama's pace on the links."
22%? Wait, let me guess, you got those numbers off the comic page. Seriously, I think you missed the part where he flew to Houston.
U R truly sad. Can u read? He flew to TEXAS & held a damn RALLY & never mentioned the DEAD PEOPLE! #whatacrowd > http://www.msn.com/en-gb/news/politics/what-a-crowd-what-a-turnout-trump-says-while-visiting-texas-amid-hurricane-harvey/ar-AAqXTyM?li=BBoPWjQ …
Did you speak to them about your upcoming #resignation?
I have spoken w/ @GovAbbott of Texas and @LouisianaGov Edwards. Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey developments & here ...
Have you considered just going to Texas and telling Harvey how great you are for 77 rambling minutes? Maybe it will just leave.
Wow you spelled " here" and " have" correctly. Next weeks spelling test will be on "the" and "I." Study hard. You can do it.
Well, how nice.
Grab you're raincoat and get out there mr president. Put those little tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, baby hands to work!!!
Wow,  what a president 
Yeah sure. Get. The. Hell. Out. Of. The. White. House. #ResignUFreak
Have you spoken to Putin about it yet?

look at that, your disapproval rate is 56.7064%! #COVFEFE
You believe those polls?!? Bahaha!!
Spectrum cable is still working here in South Texas
Amazing! 45 was watching CNN. They were just wondering about his disinterest in Harvey on air.
No. Your not "here to assist if needed" you've been elected as @POTUS to help in these situations. 
Remember #Katerina. #SMH
How are you going to assist?  Russia can't help you defeat a Hurricane!
You do realize that the hurricane is part of nature, right? Please don't threaten nuclear war!
Go watch some CNN to see what CIA wants you to do f..n traitor!
God help them.
Speek with Gary Cohen and rip him a new ass
Whatever. Just leave us alone for 6 hours you self indulgent little whiny baby man. 
So... You are bragging about doing your job?
thank you for your support and help!
Please, Don, stay on the weather channel today.
Thank you @POTUS . Appreciate you!!!!
May be the first test of your "presidency". God help those in this storm's path with you in the in the WH. FEMA nightmare redux? Resign!!!!!
Thank you Mr President
Just keep watching TV and let the grownups handle it, you fraud.
Tee hee.
Did you swear at him and hang up
Even on emergency times, loving,peaceful,women's champions,socialist,non-racist and Christian haters liberals won't unite with compacion
Get control now and tap into those resources for aid before and after... don't let another Katrina disaster happen again...
curse of Lord on Trump . hit like if you agree
Don't screw this up Donny John!
Assist?!!!? Assist?!!? It's YOUR FUCKING JOB to protect the American people, to LEAD this effort, not assist!!!!!  #HurricaneHarvey
Why aren't you reporting your twitter account hacked?  This is out of charachter for you.  Or did Ivanka write this?
Shut up
*despite backing an attempt to not provide flood relief to anyone*
Praying
Maybe your base of religious hatriots can just pray it away.
"Hatriots", I love it.
You going to mar a Lago to golf this weekend? While Texas takes shelter you take a golf cart
We all think you should go down and start filling sandbags and putting up plywood. Or will you be playing golf this weekend again?
Since you think you're so great why don't you stop it!!!  Build a wall!!
Who is the FEMA Director?
Yeah, I'm sure you are closely monitoring the situation from the comfort of your golf cart.
So Obama's back in office?

Better than Obama during Katrina
Try to keep up with the conversation there was a mistake made we were talking about Hurricane Sandy I know Liberals are so smart
3 Years, 4 Months, 26 Days, 1 Hour, 13 Minutes, and 20 Seconds
And 4 more years!
NEVER!!!
Suck it up buttercup. 
That wasn't nice
My patience is thin with you 45'rs /Trumptwats.. so no I won't waste my good energy on the likes of you 
You just did tho.  Lefties are so funny.
Thank you for your support Mr. President..Texas loves you..
I dont
Monitor my shorts
If they are repugs only
Does that mean you're not denying climate change anymore?
Not really sure what need looks like to you but people are literally swimming in their homes.
Good job, Mr. President.
I'm sure Greg Abbott was thrilled to hear about #PardonArpaio and #transban and gorka. Great effective leadership

WH source: When he's not watching Fox News, @realDonaldTrump spends most of each day blocking people on Twitter who think he's an as*hole.
Not too busy to pardon a racist criminal
No FEMA director? You pulling a double shift today?  gotta work off those outrageous secret service bills.
Was just chosen 2 months ago. Thank goodness isn't more focused on racism/hate since natural disasters don't usually respond to that!
Not monitoring as close as @Jeff_Piotrowski
What exactly are you going to do? Golf the hurricane away?
Trump you should go there right now
Resign
U cow
TX Senators & Reps voted against assistance for Hurricane #Sandy victims. They should not be asking you for any help after #Harvey.
I bet @GovAbbott ask you to stay in dc , he doesn't need another blowhard in his state right now
I am going to commend you for being on-point and focused about this.  Probably never do it again.
took you long enough.. and why bother they do not want nothing to do with government...
Gonna go hand out some Play-Doh?
Resigning is the best way you can assist
It's you're job to reach out to them- not say here to assist as needed. Ugh!

If only you had bothered to put in place proper leadership at @fema
Cheers my sweet prince
Assist how?! I hope you realise that climate change is a real threat. It warms the oceans which makes the hurricanes stronger
By stating you don't believe in climate change & pulling out of the Paris Agreement, you aren't 'assisting' or even protecting your country
You talk about 'Fake News' all the damn time but how about you take some time to actually read up on SCIENTIFIC FACTS
When Bush was unpopular, Katrina sunk him.
You couldn't assist a flea if your life depended on it.
This the Right President
I hope  you are better responding than 43 & Katrina! Now understand why @ChrisChristie welcomed #PBO after Sandy!
Keep them safe. This is your first real test.
as in you assist? good joke?
Talk is cheap
.
Just like everything, all talk, no action.
I am glad that we have someone in the white house that is willing to help everyone out
Russia
Thank you, President Trump
Thank u Sir! I have family there and saying prayers they stay safe. 
How? Asshat!
That's nice. Now, which of your golf courses will you be visiting this weekend?
Go help like #JimmyCarter would help. Bring your own bucket.

I call bullshit that you'll assist us.
Yep....sure you have. Didn't you also call the #BoyScouts? You socipathic blunder! #ImpeachTrump #TrumpResign #25thAmendmentNow
That makes me moist.
Climate change is real! You are just going to deal now with the biggest hurricane and disaster! What did you plan?
Did they ask you not to call back?
I love you baby #MakeAmericaGreatAgain NDAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH ahre
Twitter=censoring Act4no reason by putting a"warning"screen over it2make them lose their followers

JesusLeadsTrumpsArmy 

@trump2020_Maga
They only thing you can do to help is to step directly in its path.

Speaking of Trump running off to Camp David in the middle of a disaster, remember when he said Hurricane Sandy was "good luck" for Obama 
The first successful thing you've done since you've been in office. Are you expected and applause @realDonaldTrump 
Doing a great job. And he does not realize how fast you can get there. Like I said before. Bullies only want you to feel as bad as they do.
Still think there's no climate change? #hurricaneharvey ,What's more important FEMA or your damn wall!
Whose monitoring you.
Is that why you went  to Camp David, to monitor the hurricane???
Please pray for my state Mr. President.

Ew Please don't come to Texas.
Please stop, the adults are trying to tweet in peace.
Please assist by resigning. Itll make the world a happier place.
Oh you noticed the hurricane while you were hurting transgender community and pardoning a racist... wow.
Wow you actually do care
You have investment you are monitoring and worrying insurance won't cover them
Next impending Trump failure in 3...2...1... Sad!
Go ahead president !
Well done job !!!
Congrats
Have you spoken w/Pat Robertson to find out why no major hurricanes made landfall in the US during the Obama administration, and now this?

visit Louisiana because YOU ARE NOT WELCOME IN TEXAS!!!
ROTFL!  They don't need incompetent POTUS! Don't go next week-they need people to work! Not you!!
Keep you hands off of this, everything you touch breaks.  We got this.
Please remind them that you do not believe in Global warming and impacts that it has on climate. Thank you!
Don't lie. Your sitting there watching fake new FOX. Because they pee allover u and you like that. DJT LIKES PEE PEE.
AFTER you get your weekly Manicure & Pedicure?
Bravo, only took you 4x as long as everyone else to acknowledge this storm. I see you are following the George W. Bush preparedness protocol
What are you proposing? You know.. to help?
Leaders don't assist, they, you know, take the lead
Grandpa you can't do shit.  #MAGA
You're the worst...
Hoping you don't become a victim of #Harvey like you did in #Charlottesville
ahhhhh puro cuento @JuanOrlandoH
You should go hold a rally on the Texas beaches
No doubt your mother should have swallowed you, she would have been an American hero, she would have saved a nation.
Donald why do u have to broadcast that u r doing your job. U make it sound like something special ? Nothing new here it is your job !
Shut up, no one listens to you.
Grab some sandbags and head on down there.
It's OK. They still have those boxes of crayons and snacks you dropped off while campaigning last year.
Did you tell them "good luck" too?
We need to build a Gulf Coast wall and hurricanes are going to pay for it!! #MAGA
Bullshit, I'm sure. Like all those other #FakeCalls.
I smell the trolls from here! So sad. God bless America and our President 
And how do we know that the hurricane is to be feared and planned for? Same models that show climate change.
Not that you care, but do you know how LBJ responded to the Hurricane Betsy? He went down & hopped a canoe w/his flashlight to help. Yutz.
AMEN🕆

#Traitor #ImpeachTrump
Thank you President Trump! You are the BEST!!!!!
@ArcticFox_am_I @GovAbbott @LouisianaGov you're going to blow back are you? No climate change eh?
Liar
Any yelling there?
Thanks Donny Boy. I know you really care because you tweeted it from your personal account!
Why don't you take a trip to Texas....
Good for you. You're actually doing Presidential "work."  Wow
anoy me trump
Gov Abbott, tRumps KKK buddy, he hasn't replied to any other disasters
Don't forget to #LawyerUp cuz #HurricaneMueller is a #Cat45Storm on track to dump tons of #FactsNDocs about you, family & staff! #ResignSoon
You are willing to help people if they are white. And rich. Basically your help is a 10% off coupon to any Trump resort. Worthless wretch!
I have an idea...head on down there to help out. They need your help onsite. Really. They do. Because you can probably stop it bare handed.
Why don't you protect everyone and resign? I'm sure your toilet tweets will incite some violence this weekend.
Where are you to assist conman? #EvolveAmerica  #EvolveMORE1in10
