 it has been 4 1/2 months since Puerto Rico had hurricane Maria they are still suffering spoke to my family yesterday they have no water or power yet please help they are Americans they need materials for their homes is very difficult to get on the island less rebuild
REAL AMERICANS LOVE YOU, PRESIDENT TRUMP! LIBERALS ARE SQUEALING INTO THE MSMFN MICROPHONES!! KEEP UP THE MAGA PROCESS!!!
Do you support our POTUS?
VOTE & RETWEET TO REACH MORE PEOPLE.
Why are you posting these polls you don't live in the United States?
Same reason people tweet RT and TruthFeednews
The local blogger down the street has more credibility than the FakeNews you read/watch. Stop being hypocritical.
Still waiting on your news sources, I see you follow
If you're wondering why you only have 173 followers it's because of Tweets like this; defending the painfully obvious fake news is not smart
But still you deflect. The only news source that you will admit to is Russia Today. You claim I follow fake news. Man up
What are you talking about? You're talking to me like I'm professional media. These are questions you should Tweet to your fake news
He should be considered it in the Enemy of the State is he is not a good thing the United States he should be locked up the key thrown away
Donald Trump in his supporters should be considered Enemy the State & locked upthe Keys Turn Away he's better than Nancy Reagan not by much
September 26th, 2017: Luther Strange has been shooting up in the Alabama polls since my endorsement. Finish the job - vote today for 'Big Luther.
Вы можете помочь мне вырваться из коммуналки?Нужно 103500$

Waoo, another looser
Stop congratulating yourself #noclass
tanks President you are the be
Nutinmybeard
our president response.. Puerto Rico Great Aging
What's the federal government doing to help?
You care more about making yourself look good than actually helping!
How about flying to Puerto Rico and seeing the destruction first hand rather than criticizing them like you did yesterday?
Not very quickly.
Yet no kind words for you bc you're to busy picking on NFL and NBA players, owners, and coaches and praising NASCAR.  Focus on you're job!
Picking on Professional Athletes because they can't even have respect for the fallen. WRONG PLATFORM to push an agenda.
Handling the situation ?
Fundraiser.  I would say there was approx 500 people there.  I didn't hear one nice word about Trump.  My friend Eddie, still hasn't heard
Just curious what u think about Trumps responses to PR?  Also feuding with the mayor ?   Going to a big drive right now tell 5pm
She is begging you for help! You just aren't listening!
The only thing you work on is your tweeting
Your administration isn’t doing enough fast enough. People are suffering.
how long before investors can go in and start building?
A luxury Puerto Rican's don't have  but American businesses in PR can, due to a law snuck with other legislation in 1980.
#TrumpsKatrina
Why have you not sent a plane load of military trained truck drivers to get all the available supplies to your citizens?
Working hard
Thank you @POTUS !
"Sorry PR.. had to take care of a few priorities first, like stump for a loser racist in AL, & pick a fight with the NFL!"
Thank you, President Trump for always standing up for America. We are behind you and with you every step of the way. God bless! 
Did Putin give you permission to tweet this? He pulls your string and you dance...
RESIGN!
Kind words on FEMA? She said they were just having meetings and asking for memos.
LIAR
Send USN nuclear carrier for electricity,  battle group for supply lines and hospital ship for medicine.

Trump
Build the Wall; Tax cuts; repeal NoCare!!!!
Get out.
amazing they survived days without water or communication, electricity or shelter...please helicopter in and pitch in some help
He's kissing up because it's the only way u will respond and help.
Really trump, every time u went to one of these disasters areas, ur speech always went back to u on how unfair u were being treated by ..,
a good time to emphasize to Puerto Ricans the money they owe to Wall Street.  You turned a disaster into a catastrophe.

Better get going!  Dire news from the mayor today.  Children will die if electricity  to their ventilators is not restored.

President Trump's lack of empathy about Puerto Rico is staggering http://www.cnn.com/2017/09/26/opinions/trumps-lack-of-empathy-about-puerto-rico-reyes/index.html …
How long has it taken to get Help? We know everyone must tell you how great you are before they can get help. Your great! Send help now!
She is begging for help/ help them!!
Lets get all storm devistated areas back up and fully operational ASAP-MAGA!
Really, you loser blowhard? You sure you can pony up some lifesaving resources for our American citizens a week late?
No thanks to you and what you call a cabinet.
Thank u for helping fast!
What kind words?  Fail.
We had2MAKE YOU get off ur butt and get moving on #PuertoRico Hurricane Marie Relief Shame on you4trying2ignore it
Much??
You realize she blasted YOU, right? 
Mr.President, I know this is the wrong thread, but could you and your wonderful staff cut all financial help to the NFL?

LMFAO who you shiten?
Why don't you just Resign!!!!
Before Puerto Rico becomes your Katrina, I would send everything we have there to help those people. I would go overboard on the EVERYTHING
They need meds, insulin, shelter too
THANK YOU @POTUS TRUMP FOR DOING SUCH A GREAT JOB!!! 
WE SUPPORT TRUMP!!! 
Took u long enough
Whatever dude
Mark Cuban used his team's private plane to take supplies to PR...Whats up with your plane? You could have done the same, but ur heartless
Please build the wall sir and crush your enemies.
Not hard enough. Let supply ships deliver need supplies. Stop patting yourself on the back.

Stop lying fool, you are directly responsible for debt & hardships Puerto Rico faces. Resign, allow us to have a competent POTUS.
“We”? You did nothing except attacking black athletes exercising free speech!
Kind words to FEMA, not to you. Stop worrying about a stupid game and do your job already
There’s a bad moon rising, and THE OLD MAN DOWN THE ROAD is Mueller.  And Puerto Rico will chase you down the road to his scythe.
Be nice if it got there today or yesterday even tomorrow… As opposed to next week
Bout Effin time!!!
Your speech was self-congratulatory bullshit.  It was all about you. It's always all about you. Do you even listen to yourself? #PuertoRico
A WEEK LATER.
Exactly how hard are you working Sir? You haven't gone there, and all you tweet about is silly childish nonsense. Racist in White House
Yes. We need to help Peurto Rico big time.
Thanking people for supposedly complimenting you doesn't make you sound competent. It makes you sound petty.
Gracias por ayudar a Puerto Rico.
川普
FEMA is but you are not
Hey Donald I don't pay taxes but I do pay God taxes everyday giving homeless money a dollar every time I interact wit 1 I even got scabies
"Kind words"? @CarmenYulinCruz said we need to "get our sh*t together" because your inaction is killing people! 
@POTUS There is a humanitarian crisis in PR. We need food, diesel, water and logistics support. "Boots on the ground"now they must move.
NOT GOOD ENOUGH!!!! DO YOUR JOB!! GET IT THERE NOW!!!
Yeah, two weeks later
Is that the woman crying because her people are dying?
Watch the M FUCKER THEYR TRYKMNG. TO CATCH U
Thank you Mr Pres... oh. wait.
Democrats want to make Puerto Rico the Presidents Katrina. Hillary saying send in the army and navy.
Of course Trump likes P.R. mayor, she was kissing his ass to get help they shouldn't even have to ask for
After a week instead of been fighting ur NFL reality show why don't u concentrated in doing ur job
Are you doing this for the pat on the back, or because it's the right thing to do? I'm guessing it's the pat on the back.

Bullshit!! U a the biggest liar ever!!

#TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpLies #trumpDotard #NotMyPresident #fucktrump
You did hear the part about the higher ups being useless and not getting aid to them right?
Why aren’t the Puerto Rican government distributing the food and supplies that have been delivered
Oh yeah, the poor woman is crying because you're incompetent.
PAY PUERTO RICO THE 33MILLION U OWE THEM FROM YOUR BANKRUPTCY OF GOLF COURSE ANOTHER FAILED BUSINESS OF COURSE!!
Have @DHSgov remove the shipping restrictions! Wave the Jones act!! Just more of your racist BS.
Yea when you started getting bad press for ignoring the situation bc u were campaigning for ur fallen comrade n started yet another problem
She didn't have many good things 2 say about u! These ppl r part of America! U shld have met their needs long b4 today!
*their? They're?
people died in a fu©kin hospital because no diesel. Get your sh!t together. Stop tweeting. WTF.
I think she said the gov.  needs to get its S--t together and not wait for a form!
You are Gods man president Trump.
Man you thought San Juan was in Texas who do you think you're fooling...
Still can't repeal Obamacare care. You're such a loser
"We" is too many people You do nothing but tweet stupid things with your tiny hands #45looser
God Bless you President Trump! 
Puerto Rico will be your Katrina. We will never forget. And blood of lives lost will be on your hands. #SavePuertoRicoNow
Blood is already on @realDonaldTrump's hands. People in hospitals have died for lack of diesel to run generators. #SavePuertoRicoNow

He had to stroke your ego with kind words to get your attention. #LoserTrump
You mean like when she mocked you for putting debt above peoples lives? She stands w/Hillary BTW & doesn't think you deserve to be pres.
your pants are on fire.
If so, then why is she crying about not receiving the help that they need? US citizens are dying Mr Trump what are you going to do about it?
Your reports are inconsistent with facts on the ground. A crisis with an inadequate Federal response. Get to work!!
All those people in San Juan, are US citizens n look how u r treating them. U would rather fight with the NFL .....
we can see right thru you. spent the weekend tweeting, golfing while losing valuable time 2 mobilize  now some will die b/c ur incompetence
Puerto Rico is @POTUS Katrina,  boy he dropped the ball big time
But please be patient we r on our way .. it is just that the ocean is toooo big.. big big .. huge .. too big to get there fast ..
you should hear her words on how you want to talk about the #puertorican #debt you helped create.
https://www.mahdi-alumma.com/showthread.php?p=270159 …

Hahahaha!
Why is it taking so long for u helping the American?
if it is good you want to take credit for it
Amen.
Really? She doesn't seem very happy with you!
Wrong - not happening - get it together- all paper work and no action
Repeal the Jones Act and u could REALLY do SOMETHING long-lasting for Puerto Rico!! Right now - you're NOT doing a good job for them.
Send them help loser and stop tweeting.
Sitting on a dock doesn’t do anyone any good you liar.
What a disaster. Where are the evacuation ships? Where is the fuel? It has been a week!
Im going to do what @Wharton didn't - educated you on the world's oceans. /Thread/
this is the #SouthernOcean home to #Antarctica ground zero for #ClimateChange with pieces of glaciers breaking off into the OCEAN
Finally doing something good
Just the type of response I expect from you. Every day, each moment, you bring SHAME to the position and to its people. #PuertoRico
took WAY too long. How many days has it been

What's wrong Trump, isn't Puerto Rico WHITE enough for you to HELP..SAD,
Its been there since Saturday People are being Charged $10.00 to fill gas cans in Sanjuan plz have Fema and US Military give to.people


Don’t turn you’re back on Cruz. Campaign speech at Rnc was not appropriate.

Thank you!
Focus on natural disasters and leave the NFL alone bonehead
So go DRONE the NFL. Its what u yanks do best.
Here's a word that Trump doesn't know the meaning of....
Another word he is clueless about...


Donald Trump: "Is it too early to pardon my family? Asking for a friend."
What? You've got 2 uncle's and 7 "brothers" incarcerated for theft, burglary and welfare fraud?

 so damn true!
It's about time .!  Don't u think a little late?   Finally!!  You should just keep with matters like these which are extremely important....
How are you getting the supplies to them.
You know, with that big ocean in the way.
Love you
Puerto Rico a true Humanitarian Crisis, why is the US government and FEMA not doing anything to help. Won't even hear Clinton Foundation lol
Give this Mayor what she needs for our citizens now!!!
You did hear and read her talk about the shocking, senseless fatalities with more to come?
You are a liar!  PR worse than Katrina response.  Shame on you! The elderly are dying with no water and 90 degree temps!
Mr. Trump can you please help the SJU airport . I have purchased tickets they are trapped in there my mom needs me now #setpuertoricofree
May God bless you and yours

We here in #HoUSton #Texas are #Praying for #SanJuan & #PuertoRico y'all are #PuertoRicoStrong #RecoveryTakesTime  #TexasStrong
Again with the delusions, telling yourself what you wish to be true.  In reality you're just a con man, and a bad one at that.  Please go.
You are not doing enough. Lift the Jones Act
But there is nothing anyone can do about the WH thing , but keep u nose out of football  u probably don't even watch it.
Better listen to her today! She's pissed! 
Supplies are there but not being dispense!  People are starving.  Where can donation be sent ?

Send $33 mill to Puerto Rico for your golf course bankruptcy that left taxpayers with nearly a $33 million bill? #SHAME #shame
