Looking forward to RALLY in the Great State of Pennsylvania tonight at 7:30. Big crowd, big energy!...
Keep supporting DACA and your crowd will shrink incredibly!
Why do you need to have a rally, you've already won the election?  What the hell is this?
Yes! Clearly! You must stroke that "HUGE" ego of yours! "PRESIDENT IN TRAINING"! And why PA? Because they voted for you?
Are you that desperate for attention you have to turn to complete strangers to complete you? Poor deprived depraved 
Look for a word to rally the fears of Pennsylvania. Talk hate. Even the righteous would be a chain.
Trump is a cancerous tumour but he got where he is from years of carcinogenic Liberalism, that's why the internet calls you guys "cancerous"
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
More bullshit from you
1): U haven't been there yet, how do u know it's a big crowd. Did u happen 2 c the crowd in Germany yesterday 4 President Obama?
2): Now that's a crowd that you'll never see!!
@abbie_ollivant
Roger that
Big big big...
big crowd.... like LITTLE john was little in robin hood
do you know if there will be any rallys in maryland?
Thank you President Trump
Big liar !!!
,congratulation ,and God bless you
I am in Pa.  Love your hard work for the people. Don't give up. J
How many more campaign stops on your schedule? Wait! You already won the election. Did someone not tell you??
Everything is always Big with you.
#fakepresident you suck
Mass stupidly. SAD.
Great
generally presidents only rally during election season. how fragile is your ego?
Russia owns Trump. Russia could of pulled off a coup of our government but they don't know it yet. If they call in their loans. Trumps done.
Big fraud from a con-man.
did your paid and unpaid supporters enjoy your police state atmosphere at your PA rally?
I heard when you fly into PA, you can see red, white and blue rocks that spell......WE. LOVE. OBAMA ! Did you see them?
HOW ABOUT A RALLY FOR THE POLITICAL PRISONERS BEING HELD IN PAHRUMP, NV FED PRISON/TORTURED  #FREEOURPOLITICALPRISONER @BUNDYRANCH
Rally...how about governing...oh, I forgot. You have no experience doing that. You're FIRED!!!!
Rally against you!!
Wish I could have been there.. I had 3 dozen eggs to give to you.
Go back to reality TV so you can get the attention you so desperately crave
Yo dufus, the election is over!
How much are you paying them?
Because he is not a masochist
U gave a great speech. Keep those promises: wall,deport ILLEGALS...don't raise my taxes. Cannot afford.
We are with you. Thanks for repealing ocare & supporting religious freedom. Defund PPH & NPR. 100% with you. Go Trump!
No support from Pittsburgh
Big crown low braincell count
I'm glad we were at the log cabin school and found out that you were coming here last night.
Small crowed we seen those empty seats 
LOVED HAVING YOU HERE!! SEE YOU NEXT TIME!! THANK YOU FOR SPENDING YOUR 100th DAY WITH US IN PA!! 
You learned a thing or two from the Nuremberg rallies, haven't you?
Lots of empty seats... Why not work instead? Try and understand what is really going on instead of tooting your own horn. What a joke.
What are your rallying for?  The election is over.  Get to work!
#MAGA
Yes you need a gathering of sycophants to make you feel better don't you? You know you won and don't need rallies. You need to work
this is fucking sad! you have to have a rally! if you had it opened to the public they would scream CON MAN! FAKE PRESIDENT! #BFA
Come back to Vegas
And why do you claim to care about the people but you NEVER answer them? Hmmm who's fake???
Why are you still having "rally's"
We're a commonwealth...
You mean your party for yourself that a record number DIDN'T attend? Bahahahahaha. #delusionalclown
You mean your party for yourself that a record number DIDN'T attend #incredibleliar
You are just the wildcard POTUS.
Still campaigning,  huh?  SAD!
Big crowd never showed up.
Karma will come around to get you @FakePresident
Lots of empty seats; did you notice that?!
Holly I'm with ya! We need more like ya on Trump Facebook!
American People of saner minds we need more of you on Trump Facebook! They are preachin that they want him for Dictator on there.
Love this cartoon. Wish I can blow it up for my Corporation Hall!
They are...kinda NUTZ.
Yep they might cheer for you now. But after you made your Cronies vote on taking away their Affordable health insurance I would be afraid.
One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard a revolution; one makes the revolution in order to establish the dictatorship.
so why doesn't manufacturing for trump products be made to return to US instead of being done in China????
News alert just in case you haven't heard the election is over do something presidential instead of spending tax payer money flying to rally
You are crazy!!!!
Couldn't face the dinner with the media?
Not true!!  You are delusional.
Why don't you try staying at the white house?
Stop spending our taxpayer dollars on your campaign rallies. You are unethical !
when are you going to STOP running for president and try being one? @FoxNews @HardballChris @chrislhayes @Lawrence @JoyAnnReid @maddow
Look at all these loser democrats ,you lost suck it up, he's not getting impeached......Losers
And some people came, that I didn't bus in!
I gave out hats
And Electoral College Flyers
This feels good
Back to Mara Lago
them some revalnew plus the help from Washington dc the city should be able to maintain
see Mr Trump  you need to hire me I have good idea like one  each state & inside the state like the city each one of them
Tell them how you bent over for the democrats
Isn't the ejection over?  No work to do?  Guess what?  We miss your old job too. #Fake Leadership
Sad. You need rallies to keep telling ppl youre eventually going to #MAGA. You havent, even with GOP majorities. Youre lost. Bad negotiator.
How much are you paying them?
Rallys are an ego boost at this point. Spend that energy getting the swamp drained instead of letting Ryan put Dems in the driver seat.
Forget the dems GOP need to stop cowering down and stand up an fight the democraticas enough of this they always do this
ended up with many empty seats though.
The election is over. Quit wasting tax payers money on rallies.
Why are you putting on campaign rallies?
There sure were a lot of empty seats at @potus "packed" rally in PA.  You just can't make this stuff up.
Pennsylvania is a commonwealth.
100days of disaster
Why are you having rallies? "Campaign is over." Still trying to get the crowd to march in swastika formation?
Why do you need to have a rally? You won. You're the President. Please start doing your job instead of forcing people to adore you. Sad!
why are you still rallying 
The election is done. Shouldn't you be working in the White House instead of rallies now. Do you know what a president does?
Why are you rallying? Don't you have work to do? Or is this another ego break for 'no breaks, too busy working' Donny Trump?
empty seats . no one cares
Big EGO!
Do you know how to read?
Big crowd, big enegry, big lies.  Stop campaigning.  Stop bragging.  Most of all, STOP LYING.
You really think you were good at this?only about 7,500 bodies in the audience You are losing em now trump its more like going to the circus
Anything to stroke your ego
Ur Executive Office is spending too much to keep you & yours in a celebrity lifestyle, start trimming your cost!
Mr Presendent you where a hit,,
That was awesome Mr Presendent Thank you
They only show up to snicker....1st President to consistently fail! Lol Our pressure will continue!
Terrific Rally! Terrific Speech! Thank you sir! #DTS #MAGA GOD Bless America!
Are we paying for you to waste money continuing to campaign? The election is over; you can stop campaigning now, and do some actual work.

How do you have time to go to rallies? You still to defeat ISIS, plan healthcare to cover all, and fix the infrastructure. #TrumpLies
Record hate speech of modern times - appalling example to set, misrepresentation of "facts" and misstatement of healthcare facts

Lo que ocurre en venezuela no es una pelicula, es una realidad, este regimen nos esta asesinado antes los ojos del mundo, no al GENOCIDIO
I'm confused about why you're still campaigning. The election is over. Don't you have work to do?
Why rallies? We get it. You won the election.

To Dems, slavery never ended. They want to control everyone from cradle to grave. #DemocratLiesMatter  
LOSER
How much were the tickets? I know people have to pay to get it so how much did you make?
Big crowd, big energy, teeny tiny hands!
AG Yates is about to testify. You really should consider resigning now to avoid adding to the embarrassment you've already endured
Lol. But tell us how you really feel!
This is not a campaign any longer.  You can't mislead the rest of the country.  Ever heard of GOVERNING.
RUN COWARD RUN...
Probably just about 1000 or so paid actors to portray "fake" supporters.    #littlehands
Go trump go
Donald,  you are so seriously mentally ill & a danger & embarrassment to the USA. Resign now & get the professional help you need!!
Can't fix stupid. At least you do a good job by getting them all together in a big arena.
You just can't stop campaigning can you? You do know it's time to govern, right?
BIG, HUGE, JUST LIKE HIS HANDS. Just look at those big crowds- he has the best ignorant crowds. And the best horrific voice. BIGLY
AMERICANS WILL STAND BEHIND YOU IF YOU KEEP YOUR PROMISES!
REMEBER WHY YOU WERE ELECTED!  go back and look at the promises you made!   YOU ARE BEING PUNKED!
stop CAPITULATING....LET DEMS SHUT SOWN THE GOVERNMENT!
Get rid of Ryan and McConnell
STAND STRONG... STOP LETTING  Ryan and McConnell PUNK YOU!
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE DID NOT VOTE FOR THE CURRENT HEALTH CARE BILL!    Keep your word
It was nothing but empty seats and empty heads.
so proud of our President!
The campaign is over. What you need is a psychiatrist to help you with your constant need for praise. Your doing a horrible very sad job.
But not a BIG VOCABULARY
WHY???
I think Donald Trump thinks the USA consists of Pennsylvania and Kentucky. His admin doesn't think HI and Puerto Rico are part.
It doesn't matter what anybody says mr. President you have a lot of people still in your corner
People don't understand that the Democrats are fighting the president all the way
They are crooked !!   All the good the president does,   the Democrats want to stop
