Mr. President, it is a manipulation to have the US go into war with Assad and Russia.  There is a lie on who did it.
President Trump should check the facts.
Last time it happened, it was proven that the rebels against Assad were the ones gassing the Syrian citizens and not Assad.
It does not make sense and is utterly stupid that Assad would do something like that after the Sec. of State announced...
that the Syrian people should be allowed to handle their own government and the US was focused on ISIS.
There is a third party altering the truth.
I can not believe that I voted for you
It amazes me anyone believed ANYTHING Trump said during his joke of a campaign. Thank you for admitting you made a mistake. Kudos to you
choice was to vote for Hillary and wake up the following morning at war with the Russians or hope that the Tramp avoided
Thank you for sensibilities
Trump hasn't done or accomplished a damn thing since January 20th except get fatter. This is the truth. Impeach now!!
What are you on about?  He has increased his handicap on the golf course. That's gotta count for something.
It counts for nothing. Couldn't care less like most Americans.
6666666
America has a President who respects our military and the sacrifices it makes to keep us all safe.

God Bless America and its Armed Forces
Oh honey, put your seatbelt on, you're in for a bumpy ride when our country imlpodes. Oh, that's right, you're delusional, you'll be fine.
Buckle up Snowflakes

Trump is Making America Great Again 

One stroke of his pen at a time

#MAGA
A swing of the golf club at a time.  So far accomplished zero.
When Trump is done reversing everything Obuma and Making America Great Again Snowflakes will wish he went golfing every day!

#MAGA
Do the babies in Flint, Michigan make you feel emotional?
He sent crew of doctors to follow up on the health issues to be sure no one is left out. Claims are now being made to help them recover.
We are on brink of building water pipeline from Burleson to San Antonio & we too have no decision in that. Hopefully it won't be piped into
Is this for real? Telling your trumpsters that there was some great "victory" in Syria? Nice try. #Trumprussia

He is representing the Christian Taliban now
Do you really understand what you've done? War is not a game!
It is a game to Trump. He gets a RUSH from the power he feels - sooner or later every bully meets his match and gets it back
If you wanted to destroy the airfield, it would have been cheaper if you brought it & ran like a business.
I accuse you of directing an advertisement-missile-strike to seal the deal between Raytheon & Australian govt. You used chem.bomb as excuse!
I've got you pegged now! Using the death of babies as an excuse for a big-bling-bang advert for Raytheon Tomahawk-missiles is beyond evil!
Assad is a war-criminal but you Mr-Trump are the enabler of war-criminals! You sir, are worse than a war-criminal!
Still waiting on your Taxes and looking forward to Russian tie investigation.
-you are an endless embarrassment to the nation, a volatile threat to our military & an unscrupulous narcissistic criminal!
You literally attacked a country embroiled in a CIVIL WAR in condemnation of an orchestrated chemical attack, by ATTACKING THEM, w/o any dmg
They certainly weren't representing the people of U S We don't need another war  we don't want one  we can't afford it You've promised .
Youre insulting those honest and hard working military, by bombing a legitimate government with zero evidence. Only Russia are fighting Isis
Still can't believe Americans voted for this man. Its funny lol.
Instead of bombing, which is inconsequential, let in refugees.  You will if you care at all for the Syrian people.  #wedeservebetter
YOU DO NOT REPRESENT WORLD!!!!!!!!!!REMEMBER!
So well? Your evidence was based on false PR hyped by #Alqaeda affiliated group: you were TRICKED/fell for it
Distraction. We still see you #FakePresident and #IllegitimateAdministration - you're karma is still coming! #trumprussia
We will not forget about Russia.  Nice distraction killing children. Something to remember when you are in jail.
#JesusChrist help me, don't have a "mission accomplished" moment. You have opened Pandora's box be prepared for the consequences. #Isaiah326

What attack?  You mean that expensive, inconsequential diversion? What comes next? Do you have a strategy, or just going to play it by ear?
And did #Putin send you chocolates for doing such a ridiculouis pretend to be mad segment of this season's "Putin's Puppet"? U r disgusting
The Syria attack was an awful tragedy. I feel so heart broken for them. You are an evil man. I hope Karma is real.
How many shares of Raytheon do you own? #justasking
You should fire #Kushner, Mr. President. It's not fair using the US army to defend Israeli interests.
Attacking Syria because they are fighting your chums ISIS. People are waking up
yes, we are waking up !
now after you forced us 2listen2 your "I really care about Syrian babies" fairytale lets return2the real topic,your entanglement with Russia
Congratulations for the president who elected and welcomed the third world war!!!!
Btw. What's the status of your impeachment for covering up your Russia collusion?
Just wondering, how's that production of "smoke & mirrors" working to deflect #Trumprussia? Because more & more evidence, everyday #impeach
You told Obama not attack a few years ago...Why was it ok for you to lauch an attack..without approval?
What a weird thing to congratulate people on.
Yes, America First! 100s/Millions of tax $ protected America's interests on the Homefront! JOBS! JOBS! JOBS! Infrastructure
Many of us don't want this to be how we represent the USA to the world, or to put 'Congratulations' and 'attack' in the same sentence.
You have *no idea* what you're doing, do you?
Well done! But Don't forget to protect the children of Mosul and Yemen as well
if you have any conscience and an ounce of intellectual capability please don't start this war! give peace a chance!!
Mr Trump this baby wants to help everyone.

You're President of the United States can't help this child.

Where good
Surprise, surprise! Obama lied to American people about Syria's chemical weapons while patting himself on the back! What else? Bin laden?
You should worry about our current POTUS
Your attempt at distracting from your obvious #Collusion with Russia is weak. So sad. #ImpeachTrump #failingTrump
What is your personal investment in the Syrian pipeline??  Just curious...
DONT U START WW 111
Oh God another world police president, same shit different day.
Even the POWs who got captured or are they not heroes now, since you like people who don't get captured?
It's an honor for you to be our commander in chief.  It's about time Isis gets what they deserve. Boots to asses #teambringit  #USMC
Who does the US think they are? World police #fucktheUS #stopthewarinsyria
Congratulations  #Peace from #Iceland 
I found this message in Hiroshima the same day that you order to attack Syria , I think it's for you Mr. @realDonaldTrump #PeaceNow
You mean the 6 holes you made outside of the runway... So what happened to other 53 cruise missiles? Didnt intentionally go off course like
Did congress authorize the attack???
@potus stop using our #military personnel for your own personal agenda #trump's a psychopath & sociopath #SyriaStrikes
No. He is just a rich idiot who thinks that consequence does not apply to him
Every1 knows -chemical attack was fake. Assad would have to be brain-dead to launch it. This is an ongoing campaign of regime change - fact
You did the right thing on Syria
@realDonaldTrump   will u tell us america's "human right violence report" becoz America has been killed many innocents through their wars..
trying to deter your impeachment, your ties with Russia. another war we have to pay for. #impeachtrump

What if all this Fake Bombing was just to help this idiot. I don't believe NOTHING THIS FOOL SAYS 
#FakePresident 
#Lyingtrump 
#dumptrump
Say, do you own tomahawk stock?
Trump youre losing your edge, youre losing the demographic that put you into office.  Get rid of the damn globalist in your swamp cabinet!
I support Trump for dedication towards terrorism
If u love them so much don't start killing them
Not a fan of the choice to Bomb Syria.  This puts the U.S. in horrible danger. ! Not happy with that decision
To make you more $
SHEER MADNESS! Syria  did not threaten West! Syria is enemy of ISIS. Assad does not want to be West's puppet. Stop now common sense prevail!
فرحان بحالك ياصفر انت عباد المصاري. مو بتحب بلدك
I think people voted for you so this kind of thing wouldn't happen. It didn't take you long to become part of the swamp.
Out of China, China is happy that the U.S will remain entangled in the Middle East 
Helps to take the focus off of their activities 
#Syria
Now thats how a President should react, quick and firm on action. Im Proud your my President.
I voted for you and Im so upset you bombed Syria. You promised not to further foreign wars what happened to America 1st? how does this help?
As long as you conned 62 million ppl you don't give a shit. You phony! CON ARTIST 
I voted for you to focus on our country and making it great, not getting involved with war and creating devastation...
سنموت من اجل ان ندفع عن انفسنا ما فعلتم بالعراق
I'd be very happy if I can see something like "Congratulations to our great military men and women for leaving the Syria". Same with Russia
amen. God bless!!!
Not legal.
When #military was under @BarackObama u said they were weak & didn't win. NOW best & bravest bc of YOU- 4x Draft Dodger. Coward.
Hooray for President Trump!
STOP NOW!!!
Our troops are awesome. Now please arrest lois Lerner
And you too, Mr. President
After impact, the coalition air force on chemical warehouse IG rose yellow smoke,dozens of civilians were poisoned.
ВС Сирии: удар ВВС коалиции по складу ИГ в Дейр-эз-Зоре привел к отравлению сотен людей
http://go.tass.ru/tnyE  
who gives you the right to attack any country in the world?
Oh wait. Yeah. You could.
I love how President Trump never forgets to thank our American soldiers &!to think of other people in a time of need very compassionate man!
Jesus you are devoid of tact
Congratulations!!!
Now you suddenly believe fake news!     Who is moving your strings Donald?
They sat in a chair far away from danger and pushed a button. Just like you tweeting on the toilet, you blubbering putz.
Great job #TeamAmerica 
I mean what kind of regime would use Chemical weapons on kids? #Assad #Syria
Oh...hang on #Napalm #Vietnam #USA 󾓦
5 time draft dodger 5 time draft dodger 5 time draft dodger 5 time draft dodger 5 time draft dodger 5 time draft dodger 5 time draft dodger!
One sided point of view , not works
This isn't the Olympics, people's lives are at stake. Do you even read what you type before posting?
Less than 40% of missiles hit target. Seems quality & accuracy don't matter anymore. Raytheon stock up $5 billion:
What happened to "America first'? Syria didn't attack America or Americans. Stop fooling America military members into your political agenda
Stop the Goldman Sachs neocons no regime change in Syria
what hepaned in Siria was't true, so it was a horrible fake spectacle! Mr POTUS ! 
 WARNING!
You are only one in the world who took real stand for agrieved Syrians. We salute your action & believe that humanity is not dead. A Sryian
What about Great Wall of USA?
Peace is important ... #Peace™
Wow you put women second like you always do 
Sad babies died.. I hate all of this
Who gave Your country the right to decide the fate of the world?!
.You puppet. It may have escaped your notice, but you do not represent the world. You don't even represent the human race. Unqualified loser
Navy is real, you are fake
Without Congressional approval, yet you tweeted in 2013 that if Obama did what you did it would be bad. Jerk
YOU'RE  SENDING OUR BRAVE SERVICEMAN TO SOME BULL SHIT THAT YOU WOULDN'T DO YOURSELF. #WORSTPOTUSEVER
We are not distracted by your expensive fireworks.  You will stay in from recess until you complete your work.  Grow up!
From one who refused to serve
Pull out of NATO Sire stop Thier . Since Denmark sends war ships to stop our people from doing Third duty
Wow I tought you at least would wait until you would have proof who did it, no evidence what so ever, what is going on!!?
rich from you that hide behind walls
Trump should be impeached for Contempt of The People what sorry excuse for leadership !! At least the Bush Neo - Cons were organized !!
Yes, they did their jobs and I appreciate it. Now, if you would just do your job everything would be ok. You made promises, Don. #TrumpLies
Arrogance and Conceit Bigly. The world doesn't want representation from a #prestrump America #DumpTrump
don't be a globalist!!!'  I trusted you:(
THINK GOD WE HAVE A PRESIDENT WHO STANDS 110% BEHIND THE MILITARY AND AMERICA
dawg you wrong for this
美國如果推翻中國共產黨更應該大大的慶祝。
We're still focused on #Trumprussia #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
SOOOOO disappointed in you for going along with this false flag. Should have listened to Bannon.
You do understand that makes it extremely difficult for planes to take off....You know in case they wanted to retaliate or counterstrike.
I'm Syrian myself and this is outrageous I am a US citizen and to see my home country get attacked, your killing innocent kids and families!
So sorry the military has a stark raving lunatic as a commander. We #resist while you serve. Thank you for your service. #TheResistance
PLEASE STOP YOUR ATTACK.
today trump killed 36 isis!

http://thehill.com/policy/defense/291179-general-isis-fighters-becoming-easier-to-kill …

only need to kill 22,464 more this year to maintain Obama pace which Trump criticized
fyi, to kill 45,000 isis in 2 years requires 62 kills per day average
if trump killed 36 every day, he would fail  hard keeping Obama pace
What was it you said before? I quote: "AGAIN, TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER, DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA". You hypocrite.
Irrefutable evidence
http://ln.is/www.youtube.com/249Rc …
Donald,even dudes on a moped laughing over your evidence to the heinous chemical attack
#USNavy baby! 
Ditto!
Can you tell me why did you attack assad.  ?  Knowing that its isis who used chemical.and knowing that isi benefit from your attack  ?
I supported you but if you start  ww3 you will be the biggest desilusion of the century.  . hope it was a chess move.we  Will know soon .
They literally pushed some buttons. From hundreds of miles away.
Don't let Russia push us around whatever you deside we trust you you are doing a great job, don't let the republicans and democrats get to u
Use an executive order take care of this country we in SC are with you, Haley is doing a great job, we are proud of her in SC.
Thank you president Trump for sticking to your guns, we have chosen wisely and God bless you for a 2020 win MAGA.
I say leave them there untill it's over for good. Don't bring a single one home

Congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the United States, and the world, so well in the Sy...
Just like the Great American military men (and women?) who fire bombed Dresden! Thank goodness we won, we got to try their war criminals.
Take your meds uncle, you're way overdue.
I Congratulate you Mr. President for reprensenting care for humanity.
 Syria attack? You hit an airport housing 50 planes missing all of them & the runway. I'd hesitate to call it an attack. Diversion maybe.
so proud of you President Trump! Praying for you daily!!
the next day after the 59 missiles were dropped...
You hit nothing, stopped nothing, they were running the next day. That is because you called and gave them a heads up before we came.
Wow, proud of you, you included the word women. I thought we were sexual objects. Or was that your thought?
loafer
No Media or Journalists were harmed in the making of this #Syria Propaganda Attack http://www.washingtonsblog.com/2017/04/67182.html …
Congrats, indeed.. But they shouldn't have had to... Didn't you say you would not "meddle" in other country's affairs? :) HYLN?
Why don't you drop some Tomahawks on student loans and kick those dollars back into circulation?
So Proud! We are finally taking charge!!  Thanks to you.
Congratulations to our great best military men and women for representing the mexicans
