Do you really want to count who has misstated things more - you or John Lewis?  Really?
you just cannot let it or anything go.  This is a distraction.  Where are those fucking taxes?
#PEEOTUS.  You would be an expert on lying.....
Stop commenting on @repjohnlewis u are not fit to lick his boots.
Yo momma's so fat when she stood on the scale it said "One at a time please"
re: Lewis... #notnews #whocares #putyourphoneaway
Lewis has selective memory.
President Trump if you have any left over tickets would love to be there on the 1st day of MAGA!!! Salute to you!!!
how do you have time for the petty crap? Help us lord
Your head is so big you have to step into your shirts
#sorewinner
y
SMH AT BOYCOTTING our democracy.. He should be out of office if he doesnt respect the office
He was beat by the Dems...a black panther tells us on Tucker's show.  Lewis is a bought off pawn.
Mr. Lewis can't even shit where he eats
Dear Donald Trump you can't lead a government by twitting . soon you have to work out policies and ensure they work for all
why do you insist on calling people liars? Diplomacy and tact may change the perception people may have of you "Positively"
who cares? He's missing it because you're a horrible person. This tweet proves it.
Lewis --loser! Those who refuse to attend--immature, not professional, shallow, childish, jealous. Get over it!
you are losing it, dude.
why do you spend sooooo much time getting even .Let it roll off your shoulders.
turns out there are plenty of gowns available in DMV  area. #youlie
Romans 13:2 Whosoever resists the power resists the ordinance of God: and they that resist shall receive to damnation
Just stop.  Put the phone down.
even when you are right sometimes you don't need to tweet about it
U REALLY took the time to research which he had missed? U better wrk on getting talent 4 ur inauguration. U big bully.
Donald, Donald.  We believe nothing you say.  You lie too much.
ummmm Tax Retruns Donnie, where are they?
I LIVE IN ATLANTA AND THE INNER CITY IS TERRIBLE. JOHN LEWIS IS TERRIBLE. HE WILL BE REPLACED !!!!!!!!
He is a racist, never attended any white presidential inauguration, Georgia voted for you sir, he will be gone 
Your response to a question of your validity should be to strive to raise us all up, not knock one person down.
I too question the validity of your service as President because I believe it should be about character and service.
if you look real hard you may find someone who cares
Lewis is out for Lewis! i am so sad because he was a true hero, shame on you Mr Lewis
ILLEGITIMATE PISSBOY @realDonaldTrump
man a good president always claps back :)
So, not only is Lewis being an Ahole, he's a liar!  Not one Republican boycotted Obama, and there you go, GROWNUPS!!!!!
you talk too much....are you going to a news reporter or a "president"?
why does it bother u that someone may be wrong or lying U do this everytime u speak
Lewis is a senile, ignorant, quota congresman and old black man spoiled by PC people,  no one is missing him,,,,,,,
He is senile,& stupid.temlimits on him
John Lewis is such an embarrassment. Glad to be in north Georgia. Never saw a Hillary sign up here.
attacks civil rights leader?!? #NotPresidential #UnPresidential #TrumpLost by 3,000,000 votes #NotMyPresident
let him stay home and get that free money when other would love to have his job and are not working  wow
You get such joy out of bashing people.  No wonder your approval ratings are only 37% & YOU HAVEN'T EVEN TAKEN OFFICE.
John Lewis is a communist
Don't you have better things to do...like lead the free world?
keep acting like a child
When you lie, they say misspoke. Lets go with that.
boo hoo!
john Lewis didn't lie. It was a simple mistake so don't lie about him. You hate it when blacks don't conform or bow down.
glad the haters won't be there it will be more fun without them!
keep up the good work!
Wrong, he missed the swearing in.  There is more to a inauguration than swearing in.
remember liberals are hateful people.  Their like babies when they don't get their way.
Give it a break
Will you please stop crying, and get over yourself. And do something good for all people. And not brag about it. Like a little kid !!!!!!!!!
I don't really like Bush. But, BUSH IS BETTER THAN YOU ARE!!!!!
அய்யா ட்ரம்ப் அய்யா எங்க தமிழ் நாட்டில் நடக்கும் அக்கிரமங்களை தட்டிக்கேட்க வாங்கய்யா !!!
Why R pitititians & other people so"dirty", do they beleive in common benefit??they attempt against that being like they R
wrong places for your news then you can blame it on the press for getting it wrong or lying. the more you read the less
All these protesters, democrats, and media are the true reasons why the U.S. is divided!!! Your #1 follower Mr.President!
Deceitful Donald.
John Lewis has more dignity, integrity,  and courage than you could ever have. Grow up, Donnie boy.
stop tweeting! You are about to be the president of the united states of America!
John Lewis we know is a  respectable individual.
Latina 4 TRUMP!!!...Trump is Our President Now!!!..Respect Mr. TRUMP, you mike punk man!!!
今日の昼飯何食った？
Jan 20 can't come fast enough.
You will never be my president!
Lewis is just too old can't remember things. Time for him to step dwn. Or he just flat out lied. No more misspoke crap.Lied
here's where you could be the bigger guy, never happens
I can't stand that damn John Lewis. He needs to sit down some where and take a long rest..#getgone
Focus dude. Stop tweeting stupid shit and focus.
Leave John Lewis alone. You aren't even deserving to have a thought about him. He's done more in on lifetime than you in 10
You say I look bad yet whenever I look at you, you give me pharyngitis.
UNBELIEVABLE ISN'T IT?...
John Lewis is an embarrassment to most Georgians.
His choice
John Lewis is an American hero, you are an American disgrace. BIG difference.
If I had a face like yours I’d sue my parents.
why dont you just shut up
My, what trolls you attract. Good work, Sir!
Romans 13. Whosoever resists the power resists the ordinance of God, they that resist shall receive damnation
I wouldn't give any of them the time of day ~ just more attention for attention starved jerks.  ROCK ON PRESIDENT TRUMP!
How much does your daughter cost?
Blacks will never trust you are believe in you! You keep saying nasty things out your mouth ! Do you PRAY?
how about 2001? Liar Lewis!
@PatOtto8  WHAT A TANGLED WEBB WE WEAVE WHEN FIRST WE PRACTICE TO DECEIVE
you're correct but even broken clocks are right twice a day!
maybe that brick to the head he brags about has effected his memory.
Please Mr  president it’s important to growing up when you are the voice of USA.
Lewis made a mistake. You willfully lie multiple times every day. Don't blame the press 4 noticing!
please read Romans 13 and see that everyone that claims Christianity must honor God by honoring Mr Trump
I'd boycott u 2 if it would do any good. More power to him somebody needs 2 get thru to u 2 tone it down & get off twitter.
Mistaken is different than lied.  But how would you be expected to understand that....
@justinbieberzat  who are both of you?
YOU'RE A LIAR LIAR LIAR!!!
, Thing about it,  it will be your only one.  One & done and rid of your  Ass kissing Russian loving self.
Dude stop acting like a girl. My bad, forgot you are one!
Lewis always seems so negative and sad. He should retire and try to find happiness somehow.
i love it when you say..wrong or not! I havent heard such articulation since i was in preschool!!
HE WASN'T MISSED
You BOZO!  And you won't make it a month in office let alone 2020!  #Illegitimatepresident
Hmm word has it Washington has the aura of a ghost town right now. Any luck with you inauguration adds?
Thier days are numbered!! BAH-BYE!!! Don't let THE PEOPLE"S WHITE HOUSE DOOR HIT YOU IN THE ASS(ES)
Lewis was wrong but u need to get off Twitter for every issue. Learn restraint.
Would like ONE TICKET DEMS will not use -PLEASE! @DanScavino @JasonMillerinDC @seanspicer @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr


MANY MANY PEOPLE ARE BOYCOTTING THE INAUGURATION YOU WERE OUT OF LINE ATTACKING JOHN LEWIS YOUR PRESIDENT GROW UP BE A MAN

Mommy 
You need to stop talking.   You need to move on.  Just.   Stop.
lewis is a disgrace to that seat.
Wow. Will the DNC cronies ever stop lying. Why does John Lewis saying he will miss your inauguration think that helps him?
I think it is great they are boycotting.  It lets you know which states do not require Federal assistance.
If he tells 250 more whoppers like that, he will still not be caught up with you.
We,the real American people, don't care what Lewis thinks,or has to say. God bless you President Trump
We the people don't need Morons like john Lewis he's not legitimate let em spread their propaganda he's a LIAR 2 days left
he is nothing but a loud mouth and brew stirer, trouble making CORRUPT politician, burn his ass
It doesn't matter, he will come back asking to the President for help.
I will be watching wish I could afford  to be there
I remember that. It's true
You’re such a beautiful, intelligent, wonderful person. Oh I’m sorry, I thought we were having a lying competition.
John Lewis was a great man but time has turned him into a bitter old man Who thinks everyone who does not agree is racist @realDonaldTrump
I like the sound you make when you shut up.
don't you have some work to do?
you have no room to talk. You are a serial LIAR!
Do you even know how to act like an adult?  Nobody cares who comes to your party or not. Just be the POTUS.
boo hoo hoo look at all these crying babies bashing Trump, Hillary got beat bad . Suck it up and throw away your blankies.
for some horrible reason you are about to be president. Start acting like it.
- YOU owe Lewis an APOLOGY for your childish attack responses. Is this all that you have to do - PIN head remarks?  Really?
no! you are the liar. it's pathological in you
Don't ecknowledge him. Ignore him like he is not there
that's what Democrats do lie
Hes pushing more racial divide in this country!! so Wrong
Hoping theDemocrats not attending Friday won't receive a salary for that day.Average US worker doesn't if they take off.
he is a liar  big time 
WRONG!!!!   You're soooooo eloquent
this is the crap we have to hear but we don't have to listen
