You're being a bully. It's not your place to say what the voting should be like in the house and senate. That's why they a separate from YOU
Hey Donnie, who reviewed this income from the last 10 years? An independent review? A part of your income tax review?
Not today, Satan.
Can we do the same for presidential elections.  You lost the popular vote!
Do you know anything about history? Obviously not. 60 vote requirement is to prevent the majority from running roughshod over minority.
Yup not working out to your satisfaction so change the rules sooooo presidential.
No, Mr. Dictator wanna be!
Shame! There is a reason it was set up this way!
Nothing worthwhile is easy Donald. Congress should choose people over party and over insanity!
You cry like baby boy wah wah
Yup bc that woukd make ur dictatorship so much easier
That is what Chavez & Maduro & every other dictator makes his Congress do
Putz
Still don't understand Democracy, do you?
Should agree on 51 votes to kick you out of office immediately.
We are praying for you @realDonaldTrump #PrayForTrump #GodBlessAmerica
God isn't real
And you're not
I am going to take a liquid shit in your bed
Giving your children positions of influence in the gov't when they are not elected nor qualified is the move of a dictator. #IMPEACHTRUMP
Lol
Nope. Not till Russian investigation over. You SAID it yourself on the campaign trail.
Let the GOP do it if has the guts ' cause by Jan 2019 Congress will be taken over by Dems & then impeachment begins.
No fuckface. The middle class does not want to pay your foreign bank debt. Go shove your agenda up your fat ass.
No Doubt! Lol (Lots of Love)!
Democrats your party is dead get a job.  Stop the socialist and communist agenda. Anti-American to the Core.
Sure, while you're at it, let's bring back slavery?
That's a bit of a stretch - isn't it? Not even in the same neighborhood of moral equivalency.
Change the rules to get what you want spoiled child go sit in a corner until you can behave like an adult...old fool!!
That means 51 votes for impeachment.
Let's do it.
Except they didn't when they had the chance. Just because you disregard rules you don't like doesn't mean actual, virtuous adults do.
You just want to be a dictator
@realDonaldTrump should spend some time reviewing the comma rules.
I don't mind you being a moron in your tweets, but please stop trying to divide the country with your Rep vs Dem stuff.
Omg do you know why the government exists at all?!?
Sure just change the Rules. So Donnie can Cheat more
Shut the fuck up Donnie. You're out of you're element!
Joshua 3:7
And the Lord said to Joshua, “This day I will begin to exalt you in the sight of all Israel, that they may [1/2]
know that, as I was with Moses, so I will be with you. [2/2]
https://twitter.com/immigrant4trump/status/800019508857569280/video/1 …
Strong leadership scares the left to death. It's easy and popular to give in to everyone. It was an election, not a popularity contest. MAGA
When The Lannisters met the High Sparrow.
THIS
Immediately you mean so you can line your pockets and commit genocide against millions of Americans.  You are a monster.
Keep tweeting your way out of the White House.  Do us all a favor.

This is a fake quote. Stop spreading lie and find facts. Not #alternativefacts but actual facts. You know the stuff we had before this liar.
Don't bother. These people are easily fooled by conmen.
Of course you believe that. You're the mark.
Your delusional
Yes!  I've stopped paying RNC until the Republicans support our agenda! @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @GOPChairwoman
me too
We all need to call our reps and let them know what we expect. And if they do not listen, find someone to run against them!
True, my GOP Congressman has been very quiet?!
Mine is Joe Donnely and he is an embarrassment to Indiana values. We need an alternative candidate that's not democrat or Rino
Mine is #ShadySheldon @SenWhitehouse he's trying limit free speech to the ruling class. #FascistDemocrats
Damn, Sheldon is even worse than Ole Jerky Joe
This is true. I'm a RI native and not much chance of going back to that corrupt state. As pretty as it is.
It's time to get rid of the Filibusterer rule. Majority rule is the way to go.
You don’t understand how politics should work that way and it’s rule of establishment since DAY ONE. You not here before that. Let politics brewing up there on capital hill.
That's not how the Democratic process of debate works sir. I voted for you and now find myself dumbfounded with your lack of knowledge.
Serious questions: Why did so many of us know this before the election & you're only now finding out? What did you think was the difference?
The U.S. Senate should switch to 51 votes, immediately, and get Healthcare and TAX CUTS approved, fast and easy. Dems wo...
no Dems wouldn't
Not going to be fast or easy. You can't change the Constitution. What was it you pledged to uphold at the Inauguration? You're not the king.
Except the Dems DIDN'T do it.
What a maroon!
Healthcare is not about giving tax cuts to you n your rich friends
There are NO tax cuts!.  Tax cuts for 1% of Americans does not constitute success of any kind for the American people.
They had the opportunity and they did not.  So...
There's not 51 votes.
If they don't then we the American people will vote someone in who will! Nothing similar to obamacare either! Real tax cuts too! #MAGA
Yes please do it! Then when the GOP is voted out they'll get nothing passed for the next 2 decades! Do it!!!!
This is a Domocracy you are NOT a dictator as much as I know you wish you were. That's not going to happen.
MAGA Party sounds better EVERY DAY!
We can get it done! We just need to change longstanding rules and traditions to do it. Just say other side would too. Justified!
just do it
Do you rise to any challenges?  Do you do anything by the rule book or do you lower the bar for yourself all the time.  Weak.
You didn't even get 51 votes, just like in the general election, you can't get over 50%
McConnel should do it no question dems hate everything senators say bypartsan is possible BS
You are not a dictator yet so maybe you should try coming up with a good plan!
You just want your friends to have a tax cut. You also want to kill my sister
I wonder what Mitch McConnell thinks about that.
Can't wait to kill poor people, huh, Sparky?
No they wouldn't! They actually abide by the Constitution and founding fathers didn't mention a "nuclear option" either! GOP is corrupt!
No
I think you should fire everyone you brought into the White House, not one of them has told you to shut up with your stupidity. Smh
Shut up
try bipartisanship and you might actual be the people's presidents.. Stop tweeting! It's embarrassing!
They did not do this when they were in control. Democracy, look up the meaning
Did it
LoL!
THAT'S NOT HOW THIS WORKS.
And infectous
No, they wouldn't and they haven't ! #ParisAgreement HONOR IT FOR YOUR GRANDKIDS!!!!
tax cuts FOR THE RICH #ImpeachTrump
Democrats didn't need to abolish the filibuster rule to get Supreme Court Justices approved.
'Cept they didn't.
America isn't feeling too great and it's never been so divided. You're doing tooo much and not focused on what's important.
Duck trump
Fu** U...
Damn right. The Dems have never seen an opportunity that they couldn't exploit.  The Repubs never had an opportunity they didn't screw up.
NO Dems would not! You don't get to change the rules just to suit you!
When Dems had Senate majority in 2008, thet WOULD not  and DID not do it.

For sure......
Shut up
Your health care is crap and there's nothing wrong with obama care
Agree Senate shld stop slo-mo-in & start doing their job for their own sake 
Changing the rules will not make you successful it makes you a cheater.
HEY WON'T GET TO 51....LOL
same old crap-should that be the case when your impeachment vote comes up too??
Any real negotiator (or "excellent businessman") would be able to compromise and reach a deal that would get the votes. But you can't? 
Sorry there isn't a "nuclear option" for all your shitty bills. It's the only way you can pass anything even tho GOP runs everything. Sad!

.@realDonaldTrump 
Senate should immediately switch to 48/49 votes required, to be closest in proportion to your % of the popular vote.
Do not fuck with my healthcare!
I like where Trump is taking this.
Oh yea -- you want to be a Zar or Putin then change the laws so you can avoid compromise and debate. That which makes Democracy work.
time to have weekly broadcasts to tell the people who and why you have opposition.let us know who opposes you -----Grampa
Please resign.
说的我听不懂啊
Absolutely
@SenateMajLdr @marcorubio @SenBillNelson the 60 vote rule hurts America.  If you want to filibuster, use the old way.
Sure just rewrite the Constitution stupid! Shouldn't be a problem... Have you even picked it up and looked at the document? I recommend it
Don't cut Healthcare. Ur passive genocide plan. U make me sick n not proud of our President! #healthcare #donaldtrump #genocide
Being president isn't like being a CEO with absolute power. You want to be a dictator, not a president.
F that!  Don't change the constitution
Senate Committees are not constitutional
Thought you were going to be winning bigly? 51 out of 100 isn't winning bigly. #nowinning
Did you read the health care bill...it does nothing you promised. If you are so concern you would make them rewrite it.
Got a long way to go on that stuff Mr. President, senate isn't just pushing through anything just to get you a "win"
yeah, but they never did. Dems don't try to cheat the system at each turn.
We already HAVE health care. You're taking it away, after promising a better plan. You're a liar.  You lie while people die.
bullshit
in words of Christ:if they hate you they hate Me.God be with you Mr President.
Well your true colors are showing. You want to be the head dicktator in charge. Yes I know how to spell dictator but you are worse then one.
Obama didn't need the 51 vote majority to get it done, so why do you?
No, they shouldn't. They should switch to 51 votes to remove you from office.
How about that genius huh?  Applause anyone?
(2) balls to flagrantly defy common, ethical protocol to enrich their pockets.
If you do this, Canada or France looks good.
Try a civics course instead of the golf course. Both are 51 votes. You don't have them on healthcare. Nothing to vote on for taxes.
Taking away the power of half of the country's representation?
Just SHUT UP! (Where is the duct tape when we need it?)
How about taking away FREE HEALTH INSURANCE from Government officials?
You mean, cut healthcare and give rich people money back.. Don't be a backstabbing loser, say what you mean.. stop lying to your base!!
IF YOU CUT BIRTH CONTROL YOU BETTER CUT VIAGRA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BAD, SICK.
Shutup with your sucky country
Dems could have done it and never did because it sets a dangerous precedent. You lost the popular vote. You do not represent the people.
Switch vote to 51 ---Just what do you think would happen when the other party had the option to do that Donald?
Thank you for your hard work Mr President. God Bless You and your family and God Bless America!
Ah there the problem even know you have a great agenda!!! The Senate need to pass bills which they aren't big problem!!!
This tweet should scare the living shit out of every conservative alive
to act in this fashion without due process and discussion is not proper and should never be suggested by a POTUS.
More fake news from Trump. Can you cite a source on that BS?
And tear up the Constitution too?
Keep your foot on the gas!!
just like a little kid wants to change the rules so he can get his way never heard of pres doing this before now lol
You are a #TRAITORTRUMP
Latina 4 TRUMP!!!..AGREED!!..it maybe this way, "no healthcare &taxcuts approved, No Paycheck for all those useless senators.
What healthcare?  bankrupt us! 
Changing the rules again, you are a sore loser, and destroying democracy, just for your personal gain! SAD #RTT #RADICALTRUMPTERRORIST
do we have majority rule or is this an excuse to do nothing
I agree the only way to get the people's will passed
Nice sign, I like it
I agree one hundred percent
It's crazy that you want to change the rules so you can pass your agenda! Crazy! Your presidency is a DISASTER!
Never mind the law, hey Don?
Research gerrymandering and find out why we are so polarized...  you are smarter than the drivel of what you support...
So that your campaign contributors are given MORE tax cuts?  I'm thinking a mother's cancer, untreated, will take her life fast and easy.
Your a dem so ya, obviously
Liar, DEMS WOULDNT DO IT, but should have when they had the senate.  Protect our democracy Mr President!! Thats your job!
Tax cuts? Your first act as president was a new tax on middle class first time buyers! Or do you mean for the rich?
but tv and net all over the wfkce new
@SenateMajLdr The U.S. Senate should stay with 60 votes, ALWAYS.
You can't change the rules every time you don't like the way something turns out! 36% approval - joke!
Ummm.  Dems passed healthcare and tax cuts WITHOUT doing it.  Get off Twitter and open a history book for once.  Or even try Google!
you can't change law when it suits you. That is not WE THE PEOPLE. 
COMMY
u r THE STUPIDEST PRES WE EVER HAD. GET OUT NOW.
No.  This is how dictators act. Stop  destroying our government.
I doubt either of these terrible bills could get 51 GOP votes.  If they do, the new 2018 congress will have a field day
Actually, Donny, only those without integrity would push a switch to 51 votes to disenfranchise millions of us.  Oops, I guess that's you!
Absolutely!  DO IT !!
Are you tired of winning yet?
killer care & Ax cuts ..
Agree!!!!!
