you either
Japan and the United State are on the ship
You are a very clever great presented
岡野正治
Where exactly, was Obama during that time?
Your service has been exemplary, to Russia. Will you get a Vladimir Putin friendship medal too? #lockhimup #TrumpTreason #impeach45 @VP
Just cannot get off the "Russian connection" can ya?  Never was any?  Proof? NaDa...
you need to investigate him, zuckerburg, all those democratic senators now and take them out-esp mcconnell and ryan and graham
He was never there. Just like you, Lying Donnie. Did he have bone spurs in his heel also?
years, as a pol in Connecticut, Blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in Vietnam - except he was neve...
How are the #bonespurs you coward!!!
Ain't this the truth!! Thank You and Keep Going..
Stop the hate - PLEASE.   Last time I looked - we were all Americans !!!
-Blumemthal is Disgraceful for lying  ab.his Military service,So many died in that war,He has no Shame,Sad Sad,Conn.

Coming from Mr. bone spur that's pretty rich. Trump go play golf and get lost.
Yes!
Talks are a good thing!
what and you were
Which foot was it that gave you your 5th deferment?
POTUS you were called for this place and time.  This is your authentic purpose-somewhere in your DNA this mission is inscribed! U are called
@AllTrumpsTweets they also chopp up your full speeches to blind people NPR is one of them
Potus don't waste  your valuable time on idiocity
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
At least he was in the reserves - where were you?  Dodging everything but little girls.
Try to put the focus on someone else you Imp! He's not Pres, you are! So suck up old man! If you have nothing to hide this will be nothing
How's that bone spur in your foot doin', Donny? That kept you from serving, didn't it?????
He wasn't there & neither were u because u purchased deferments. Good americand took your place & faught and died because u were a coward.
You are a sick man...please get help...
I want to say that I believe in what uv said believe that u will make our country strong again God bless u and ur family
Lied like McCain about his bravery.
Like the claims by you and your staff that you have donated millions of dollars, yet you refuse to release your tax returns?
As
Are you saying he lies like you??
So you both can sit down and talk about your military time...
President Trump I care about your Presidency ...Your Tweets only serve to embarrass...Stop! #losing credibility!
We Americans who ( VOTED ) you in office believe that you have proven to be highly qualified and we support you.
We Americans who (voted) you in office hold you in a light of a highly qualified elected official.
Resign everyone hates you
Once again fake news. If you wash cars you are an automotive engineer
http://m.me/CosaNosaHitt 
Trump we support u
Fuak you
هههههههه
GO POTUS we love u  ur base stands firm as a rock against treason
Right POTUS he is phoney scum
@secretpolicedpt Like all democrats...they self identify as WAY more interesting than they truly are.
Sort of like the story you told about seeing thousands of Muslims rejoicing in the streets on 9/11...that you fabricated completely.
same as hillary clinton under snipers fire?
Let's make things clear, truth and bullying are two VERY different things! Call it like you see it #TRUMP
Stay off Twitter and run our country.
#ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #Treason #ObstructionOfJustice #Dictator
darn, you finally learn so many words
Mueller is going to take down your presidency and your shitty family empire. Enjoy prison w/ ur former son in law. 
I know, I was in Vietnam! Believe me! #bonespurs
So says the 4x draft dodger? 
The truth will prevail. So you have nothing to worry about President Trump 
And u used heel spurs to dodge the draft.  Please, your pathetic
LIE
Please get off this forum. You should be above this because your job depends on it.
This dude sure spends a helluva lotta time on Twitter. Never realized a President had so much freakin' time on his hands
President Donald Trump is awesome. Make things right Mr. President. And smash those who oppose you like there is no tomorrow. ( iamrussian )
were you?
Go TRUMP, demo smokescreen to prevent investigation into Hillary & party
From one draft dodger. You should never bring up Vietnan. Daddy got you out of that war you Chicken!
Go TRUMP - keep fighting for me.  jail those crooked newspersons, entertainers, politicians
Don't say a word about anyone else's military service. You are a coward who wormed his way out of active duty. Did daddy pay your way out?
sounds just like you
Where were

you, Mr. Draft Dodgerd
Don it would behoove you to resign being compared to Nixon as opposed to Hitler. Bye bye Donnie
It won't be long now, Donald....... You won't make 150 days!!!
only 8 years to bad there can not be more
DEMS-LEFTIST'S R  INVENTING THEIR OWN FALSE NARRATIVE STRICKLY OUT OF SAL ALINSKY'S PLAYBOOK..KEEP GOING FORWARD, TRY 2 IGNORE THE LEFTISTS
who did this President Trump
The guy raising his hand did it.
What's the difference between him and you?
This is from Someone who accepts a Purple Heart from someone else who actually Earned it? Your a Disgrace!
Why R Vietnam Vets subject 2 income limits when applying 4VA Benefits? When Billionaire Politician Get lifetime medical with No risk 2 Life!
dear mr president u r in our prayers my God bless you n keep u n u family one day @ the time
You were never in the real military...so what do you know...lirs...lies...lies

You weren't there either...
You are a hypocrite and a traitor. #loyalrussianspy
@realDonaldTrump
Interesting how Obama is worshipped for his corruption, use of the IRS to suppress conservatives, destabilizing the Middle East.
well you were not there either, draft dodger that you are, you look really really inmature when you disrespect anyone that served.
Remind me again of your military service?  Oh wait, yeah...you haven't served.
You werent in Vietnam.
"Pol" Shadilay, sir.
Your anger is ironic, considering you used your privilege and bone spurs to dodge the Vietnam draft multiple times.
You are a draft dodger.
This is Rich about Blumenthal 5 deferments never went 2 Vietnam he worked hard 2 stay in America & never going 2 Vietnam
Mr. President I have FOUND the un-named SOURCE
With all this stupidity, I see why I rarely tweet.
...
Since he is guilty of STOLEN VALOR should:nt he be removed from office and arrested.  That:s the law.
And where were you bruh?
Neither were you.
Did you not see Blumenthal when you ducked military service?  You looked dashing in your expensive military school uniform, though
WATCH FOR MURUNA,TAQIYYA,TAWRIYA,ND KITMAN TACTICS...! u might lose alota support visiting Saudi Arabia and not destroyn em
Mr.President,we both knw tht any1 who believes its OK to hav sex wit a 9yr old should be turned into ash.u knw who I mean.!
Greetings all. Please give a bit support to the Maasai Kids school. To donate:
Max @MaxBlumenthal ?
At least he served. How many deferments did you get, chicken hawk?
keep up Donald
Were you serving Vietnam?  No?  So don't comment on any others!  You are showing your real self!  Bad pitiful!  Sorry .. Not good!
Impeach!
Really. You should post his locations and what he really did during the Vietnam war and than post his speeches of him claiming he was in it
DJT u dodged Vietnam when yo chance came ... giving all sorts of flimsy excuses. FU
You NEED to be investigated. Period.
Ur so right! Blumenthal is part of that corrupt Hitlary peep crowd. They are the TRUE dispicable & irredeemables. Just glad you ran in ’16!
What year were you there? DICK-WEED
Dems like to make things up...no matter if it's not true...it just has to fit their agenda.
He is a wannabe.
You know he's doing a great job when the fake media talks about ice cream scoops!
Messed up.in the head Trump
Little boy president.  What did it feel like kissing spicey last night.  You looked like u enjoyed it
Those proven pols would be ppl like Newt, Guliano and yes even the gov of NJ. not to take them in but to take their advise.it's been proven
MR.President I just heard on fox you might be getting rid of a lot of staff.GREAT but may I suggest you seek more advise from proven pols
proven by you?
The only people that still want to hear about the Russians are the traitors running the investigation namely democrats traitors to the USA
These democrats are just trying to drag this Russia garbage out as long as they can dam I think every American is sick of this crap
Bravery in Vietnam?? YOU were never there!! Mommy and Daddy paid for a doctor to an excuse for you 5 times. STFU, scum.
and you, and bill Clinton?
HAHAHA!! OKAY, Mr 5 Deferments for bone spurs. Chicken Hawk Donnie Boy. Mommy and Daddy sent you away for a reason
But...you're the draft dodger.
Stay strong Mr. President!  It's been a long time since we have had a true leader defending our Constitution and the American people.

Wow, you should talk, 5 deferments!!! - from a real veteran, which you will never be!
Name one thing. He has done right
you not only have your eyes closed but blinders on as well.
neither were you or any of your family

.
Dignity is not something Donnie knows much about.
Draft dodging  presidential pantywaist boned the military and now speaks of service! At long last, No Shame?
Who are you to talk you draft lodging coward !
He's a big lies teller.  #FAKENEWS
Donnie, really?! You want to trash another's military record or lack thereof?  Can we get a written copy of yr family's military service?
We need to terminate the lifers in the house and Senate. Put limitations on how long they can hold office. I'm sick of the crap.
@MoonHutch 
Stolen Valor is the most despicable act I can think of. Blumenthal is disgusting!!!
Isn't it illegal to impersonate a service member?
It certainly can be under the right circumstances.
Time to set an example of a complete fraud.
I'm with you!! DISGUSTING FRAUD.
Niether were you loser, remember, the whole bone spur thing..
You took deferments, no diff. Military school does not count as serving #TooAfraidToServe. #OhMyBoneSpurHurtsSoMuch #REMF. #POGUE
curious if numbers start to matter when 2M+ people who didn't vote for you routinely call you out on all your bullshit. #askingforafriend
Our president received a deferment during Vietnam War for  so called "bone spurs" ?  PATHETIC
Life is taxes and work, and hopefully some moments with family!
And where was Chickenhawk Trump during Vietnam?
What is life and taxes? What do we really need?
Freedom without iñvading our America, we are l
