Poor little guy never asked for this and nether did his parents! Do what you can not whatvthe government dictates. Let the parents decide.
I hear you are pretty annoyed with #25thAmendmentNow. Suck it up, snowflake. #butthurtDonnie #yousuck #theworldhatesyou
You realize that sweet little baby has a preexisting condition, right?
All children matter, you should extend your concern.
Please keep on working on this. As long as the baby will not be in pain we must help these loving parents! Thank you for caring!
Why are you so condescending?


You have no friends. The world hates you.
That is not true.

With Trumpcare the parents would not be able to afford insurance and no options
Magnanimity isn't a trait with global socialists, but we've been here before and sadly we'll go there again, results aren't in their goals.
MAGA!
Thank you, Mr. President for all that you do and your kind heart.  Let us get little #CharlieGard to the U.S. for medical evaluation & help.
Do you not understand, he cannot be helped.  He will gradually deteriorate and die.  People are just prolonging his suffering.
Probably why lil Donny wants to bring him here, so he can sit and enjoy watching a child suffer a slow, agonizing death. Aka, TrumpCare.
And, so, what an we do?
#MAGA GO TRUMP!
Has the FAM applied for USA help? Plz can we help Mr. President. Praying for #CharlieGard
Why would anyone want to prolong this child's life he doesn't have a life it's awful
You offered this last year for little #CharlieGard . Please step in and try to help #AlfieEvans now.
Christians are not medical experts, they aren't experts in rational thinking seen as they believe in zombies rising from the dead, virgins giving birth & praying to someone who they have no evidence is listening & believing he talks back.
You doing Very good job
#MAGA
Resign.
You're not from the US, refrain from our politics
Yes I am
The IMBD you have on your profile (that YOU linked yourself) just outed you as a liar.
I am an American citizen.
First you claimed you were from here, that was proven to be a lie, now you're claiming you are a citizen.  Ya I don't buy it.
Ok. Your problem.
Excuse him, Nikolaj. Yoo gots a name what sounds ferrin. That right dere confuzes them Trump folks, yoo no? Happy 4th, fellow American.
i hope we do help this child but trump care would not allow it for anyone else
While you send thousands of people to their graves without insurance.
He's more meme Lord than President now :)
FAKE YOU! Acting like you care abt ppl. I can't wait for your resignation letter. If I can help with it, I would be delighted to do so.
The issue isn't about treatment you dunderhead. His family just want him to die at home #CharlieGard
3 Years, 6 Months, 17 Days, 2 Hours, 59 Minutes, and 38 Seconds
Hey it's a little over 3 years 3 months before Trump is elected for ANOTHER 4 years. Let's Celebrate that the Muslim Obama has no power.

You are the best.
You're a good paid #RussianBot
But if he was Syrian or from a country on the Muslim Ban list you wouldn't give a shit. Stop using a sick child for political benefit
So true...he made sure the little baby wasnt Muslim.
Can't help Americans with health costs and needs, you can help a genetically defective baby, what a hypocrite!!
It would be nice.
But you don't have healthcare 
That’s right trump God bless America
My HERO @POTUS 
To The RESCUE AGAIN!! 
Saving America and children worldwide! Thank You 
Dow has been stagnant since March. Job numbers are laughable. No major legislation and a 57% disapproval rating. Did I miss anything? #maga?
No major legislation? Good grief are you paying attention at all?
Please name the major legislation he has signed. Not executive orders, actual legislation.
It's his job to LEAD. Obama held a 90 min town hall WITH HOUSE REPUBLICANS to debate ACA/his agenda. Trump tweets and golfs. SAD!
That's the Republicans jog and they control all branches. Yet nothing.
Only because that is what MSM is telling you. He is doing so much.
I'll ask again. What major LEGISLATION has he signed?
Who took over your account? Has it been hacked? This has heart and proper spelling and big words. Trump would never write this.
But you're fine with letting American children die by cutting Medicaid under #AHCA. Good to know.
Amazing to have a president who stands up for LIFE
Sure. When it suits him? He told Howard Stern he wanted Marla Maples to abort Tiffany. Then there's this:
It's heart-breaking when it's one sick child. 
When it's the 45 million American kids who rely on Medicaid/CHIP,  don't give a damn.
What have they discussed on Morning Joe so far this morning? Or are you "not watching"? Ha!
MAGA
MAGA = millionaire asshole golfing again
It's heart-breaking when it's one sick child. 

When it's the 45 million American kids who rely on Medicaid/CHIP, you don't give a damn.
There's billions and billions set aside for the people who won't be covered on the new plan... you don't know what you're talking about
I know that they're cutting $772 billion out of Medicaid, hundreds of billions more in the out years. 

That's known as fact.
That may be true to extend the length of the coverage but for conditions that won't be covered, there is a separate fund to helpcpver those
Help cover* but nobody knows that because all you checkmark people and CNN say it only is cutting the people covered; report the whole story
Please link whatever you are talking about.
I'm glad the Pope spoke up. No court should have the power to sentence a child to death like this.
There's no cure, American treatment highly experimental. Is it not cruel to keep him artificially alive to save parents from "giving up"
There is a GoFundMe account with $2 million in it. The court should not interfere & literally sentence him to die. 

Was I unclear?
Life, fate or god sentenced him to die. GOSH is amongst the best paediatric care centres in the world 
The court upheld their opinion
The court took custody of this child away from his parents. They made a decisions to end his life now.

Take your euphemisms elsewhere.
Read. Learn.
Nothing in there changes a thing. The COURT ruled Charlie's parents cannot take him to the US for treatment.
What the actual F**K gives the COURT the right to tell these parents "You can't do that."?  

Explain it to me.
"Ariana Huffington is unattractive. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man - he made a good decision"
Please can you consider the case of #AlfieEvans and help by supporting this family.
PLEASE @realDonaldTrump HELP SAVE ALFIE EVANS
So he (unfortunately) was born with an incurable condition that only 16 other children in the world have but it's socialism's fault?
And insurance won't cover  preexisting conditions under #tRumpDontCare. But, hey! Lets line up all of the mega-billionaires to help kids out
are you frkn kidding me
#Repugnants seem to think the word "liberal" is equivalent to stupidity.
Mr. President, please help #AlfieEvans 

He is being held hostage in a hospital by police and is set to be put to death by the UK government against his parents' will.
#savealfieevans #FreeAlfieEvans #ALFIESARMY16 @MerseyPolice you can free Alfie!!!
Dear President Trump, Help #CharlieGard by Executive Order; Grant Charlie U.S. Citizenship!
#CharliesArmy .@connie85yates .@DonaldJTrumpJr
God bless sweet Charlie Gard. His parents chose life but the government didn't care.
HELP THIS BABY!!!!
Let’s get one thing clear, you and your band of crooks have no friends in the U.K. and you’ll never be welcome here.
Donald now please help Alfie! :(
See #AlfieEvans #AlfiesArmy @POTUS @tedcruz @ChuckGrassley @marcorubio @SenatorFischer @SenJoniErnst @SenMikeLee @lisamurkowski @SenCapito
You have such an incredible heart. I'm thankful you're our President.
Such a great man, he only pussy grabs 10s with fake tits and mocks the disabled. Like Jesus would have done!
He wasn't making fun of the disabled. That was proven wrong.
Please show me facts of debunking and not what Trump said. I watched the f-ing video, he mocked a disabled man! Keep denying the truth!
I watched the video as well...and all the others, he did that imitation of groveling about everyone he discussed including Ted Cruz. Grow up
Exacting, he did it way before that. He just does it.
It's heart-breaking when it's one sick child. 
When it's the 45 million American kids who rely on Medicaid/CHIP,  don't give a damn.
Please help #AlfieEvans
What about all the other millions of sick, injured, starving or orphaned children?
Mr. President, I live in the US. Will u do something 2 help baby Alfie? HE's being tortured in  a UK hospital because Judge Hayden wants him 2 die...PLEASE.
Please help Alfie Evans.
Please can you offer you help to Alfie Evans he needs your support before it's to late. Let the pop take Alfie and treat him
Don't listen to a bunch of doctors like a real idiot.
Can you please support and help little #AlfieEvans we need someone like you to fight his corner #SaveAlfieEvans #ReleaseAlfie #Alfie  #ALFIESARMY16
Wow!
I think U.K. Is thinking about long term costs for them. We pay here not euthanize. Parents decision here. LOVE YOUR MODERN DAY POTUS VIDEO!
Try not cutting Medicaid to help keep American children healthy, like u say America first!
Pity you aren't so compassionate towards all the US kids who will die from lack of health care. But I guess they could get jobs... 
Can you help my infant great grandson, born with muscular dystrophy here in the US?  Medicaid cuts would devastate his family even further.
Wow 
Help #CharlieGard, but also concentrate on helping your constituents...The American People!!!

You realize babies are dying in USA because you guys have insurance compNies by ballsack? FIX ACA!!!
#BabySteffen's story, w/links to updates. What they are trying to do to #CharlieGard already happened to him. :'(
#BabySteffen happened in Tennessee, and if anything, is even more egregious than #CharlieGard.
Actions by TN judge bring unfathomable pain to mom/dad who missed medical appt! Baby dead/Sister up for Adoption!
Pls help Charlie
If we can't get #CharlieGard to USA, for treatment, through normal channels, then can't you grant him US Citizenship, so we can save him?
YES; We CAN help little #CharlieGard 
Dearest President Trump, please tell me that Charlie's parents will be able to leavea country that murdered their son...?!?
What about the poor children in this country
Parce que des enfants de vos électeurs vont se retrouver orphelins parce que leur père ou leur mère n'auront pas accès à des soins...
That's great, but what about the millions of Americans you want to take insurance away from? You don't care about Americans.
Delighted baby sleeping bless his cotton socks .Sleep was his best medicine not all the stpid interaction Dr knows best
Good on the President, much respect, thank you for offering to help this family in desperate need. The courts here are a real disgrace.
Yeah?  Well, what about the millions of Americans to include Vets that you want to push off health care & assistance programs?
Thank you for intervention. Please help save #CharlieGard

Do you want me to kick their ass? You know something unfortunately a lot of Americans have no values! They  R Taught money & easy 2 sell out
This is really about a parents right to choose what happens with their child! This is what will happen with single payer health care. NO
Are you for expensive medical procedures or against them? I'm lost! What if this child is transgender?! Or poor?!
If #CharlieGard lived in the US he wouldn't be able to get Trumpcare because he has a pre-existing condition.
Yes, I'm sure his family is wishing they had Trumpcare right now.
Can you help any of the poor or handicapped children that will lose their Medicaid under your disastrous healthcare bill? @
9. doesn't die of pneumonia & sepsis, first, eventually complete brain death will occur fr uncontrolled seizure activity...
Maybe study the case and know the facts before sending messages like this.
I would pay very close attention because this is what happens when the government owns your health care. They make the decisions, not you.
The pope is a pedophile, he should be rotting with @billclinton @ClintonTheRaper @HillaryClinton @johnpodesta
.
#BabylonUSA in select theaters.
.
#July4th 
#Happy4thofJuly 
#IndependenceDay
#BREAKING 
#MAGA
#America
#4thofJuly 
#FourthOfJuly
Would you be delighted to pay my medical bills from my last trip to the ER?
#CharlieGard is mortally ill. Kids in America are getting bounced off insurance. How does your brain not break from the dichotomy...oh ..yea
Very very tragically this little boy is dying. Why prolong his poor parents' agony by giving false hope. Check the facts about his condition
Might could do the same for lots of babies, even from Syria.
hello president
Thank God for a compassionate president! Its time leaders valued human life again! I pray God blesses, strengthens, & favors you #POTUS45!
Maybe I am disagree with you several times, nevertheless  to defend human life above everything #CharlieGard
1) Decision to remove life support - beyond difficult - especially child. But it's brave. Otherwise, we keep them here for ourselves.
If the UK lets this baby die unnecessarily, I will lose all respect for that country, and its people, cause they are just sitting there.
No one on 616 can diagnose pain.Charlie is the responsibility of his parents NOT the courts.There's a chance to save him even if negligible.
They insist on pulling the plug in that beautiful little boy
@SarahHuckabee interested in helping #CharlieGard but taking away #healthcare of millions who live in US. #ImpeachTrump
The family raised over $1M to take him here for better treatment, but UK hospital refuses to release him to his parents! They have no right!
BS offer when 45 has no problem condemning children in his OWN country to death & poverty

FAKE president! FAKE offer! FAKE caring.
Trying to fool Brits who see right through him, unlike idiot Americans who put this trash into the White House. FAKE sincerity using a baby
"Stop it ,in the name of God".....cardinal Caffarra
FINALLY YOU DID SOMETHING GOOD
Good on you Donald Trump!!! Top Man
Throwing 24M pp off Medicare is a tragedy. Fatally ill child in GB makes headlines. You choose.
Nun to entendenu mas to compreendenu
Help me understand. You're willing to help one terminally ill child in England, but it's ok for millions here not to have health care. WTF?
There's no help for you.
A Tale in 12 Tweets - "I am born" Babies belong 2 parents & God, not Gov'ts & Courts. http://www.betteretiquette.blogspot.com 
@potus when w PM May/EU leaders publicly and privately convey that you and America want little #CharlieGard in America give her her chance
Let this baby go in peace
I STAND behind President Trump 1000%. Beside little Charlie Gard has more much more than 10% of HOPE as all things ARE possible with GOD !!!
great, now what about the millions of AMERICANS who will be kicked off healthcare? What will u do for them?
He's terminally ill. There is no helping him, sadly.

Bring him to the states!!
And what about the "Charlie Gards" IN THIS COUNTRY who'll lose health care once "TrumpIDon'tCare" is implemented?
Yet you want to screw the ppl of this country on HC. I wonder what countries will be willing to help our sick & dying due to your policies?
Bless his heart, little precious baby
We have 7 billion people surely we have 100 million God loving people who will sign his petition towards RESOLUTION!
Sure It would be nice if anybody could help little Charlie, it would also be nice if you cared less about the 1%ers Donny!
LOL. Well said. You owned him :)
Ya throw him in the American Health Care system.  Without insurance.
You should show as much concern for the people you're screwing out of Obamacare you hypocrite!
Will @realDonaldTrump pay for Charlies treatment?  #LetTrumpPay4CharlieGardCare
Why isn't MSM reporting on this? Real News...That's why. They only report on Fake News or Crap they make up.
It is nice to know SCPOTUS will spend taxpayer money on a UK citizen, but none on our own citizens.  Who knew Healht care was so hard?
Liberals Show again true colors. Fight to keep killers alive as Democrats fight to kill a baby. Soon Democrats will want to kill elderly too
But you don't care about 22 million Americans that you are denying health care to. You are a Total FAILURE. WE MISS PRESIDENT OBAMA!
Under @GOP #Trumpcare, this baby's medical insurance coverage would not pay for his care.
why don't you be delighted to help sick children in the Country you supposedly represent? #TheResistance  #Fuck45
And this is coming from someone who doesn't care if 22 million in the U.S lose healthcare but wants to help a baby in the U.K. who got care
Praying for Baby Charlie! 
President Trump I doubt you will see this but please offer Charlie and his family citizenship and help them I am just a British citizen
Are legal system is stopping them if you made them citizens of the US they would be under your laws and would overrule ours stopping them
Can you Grant little Charlie US Citizenship.  They would have to release him then.
U can do nothing for him, think to all the american children without health insurance please
And what about the American children who will die under the cruel and useless GOP PLAN? Will you rescue them, too?
If Charlie lived here, his health coverage would be endangered by you, your administration, and the Republican party. Grandstander.
What about your own people that need care??? I feel for this child, but get your priorities right
I have it on good authority that we could help thousands like Charlie who just might happen to be from Syria instead of the UK.
Why aren't you tweeting about the millions of children who need medical/health care here in the US? Oh yeah, you're trying to take it away!
Hey biff, u have children and poor families here at home that u are about to take healthcare away from!
Do you have treatment for all your own kids? Still millions uninsured, millions more once your "reforms" go through. Tek yer orange nose out
Trump is t President of t PplHe has compassion4 those in need.Wot other Prez wld even bother.Thankyou Sir 4recognising t helpless #MAGA
Please save Charlie gard you will win the heart of not only his parents but thousands of us over here ! 
Mr. President you have a kind heart for helping Kids out when they need your help on getting better.
This coming from the guy who allowed Mitch 2 put forth a hlth care bill that would have kicked off millions of ppl & taken medicaid services
You should be ashamed of yourselves.
Congratulations on that Trump gesture.

Greetings from Brazil.
And who is this "we" of whom you speak?
please save #CharlieGard
Help Charlie Gard, please !
Parents have raised necessary funds to pursue other treatment. U.K. gov't has no right to deprive this baby of cont'd medical care.
This is a medical ethics case and should not be used as a political tool.
Where is your care for the Children of America. You support cutting Medicaid and The ACA, but offer help to a high profile case. Hypocrite
What about all the little American children and their parents and grandparents who won't have insurance once you repeal ACA????
Poor little innocent baby, help him if possible.
This is one of many kind acts President Trump has done. Even before he became President he has helped so many. If you don't know look it up
All have the God given right to pursue happiness. you have to be alive to do this. Charlie's right to live,  parents right to decide. PRAY
I'm sorry for that #charlieGard is so critically ill but if he comes to US who is paying for his care? Would that be you @realDonaldTrump?
They raised money to come here and get the drug
How about help for American kids who need health care
I was told my 4 day old son had terrible brain damage & I shldstop life support. He's 23yo&grad high school&culinary!
Really you are the best leader in the USA.
You can't help yourself please stop trying to help others
Well sed sir
Outreach to British child, but your healthplan would let countless US kids die or go w/o needed care. #alternativefacts #nototrumpcare
Disgusting using tragedy 4 your own gain while u try 2 kill millions of American children. Wht did devil pay u 4 your sou!?
Fingers crossed  please give this family and that poor beautiful little boy hope xxx
I'm so glad he's been brought to US! If there's ANY hope, he should be given the chance to live. We'll be praying for him!
Dignity can't be tested by scientific method. European Court of Human Rights takes moral authority to decline worthiness of Charlie's life.
For once I agree 
Sorry for that couple and their baby. Hope Trump expresses same concern when children in US lose healthcare because of his administration.
