He did it on purpose to empower enemies of USA. Obama is a traitor
Really paid troll? Maybe you should get a life if this scripted BS is all you have to offer...
Do you think Obama spending $65,000 tax payers $ on hotdogs/pizza for pvt party was acceptable Adrien?
Karen are you ok with tens of millions being spent on trips to Trumps Florida property and his wife/child living outside the White House?
Are you OK with all the vacation trips Michelle did on AF1?How about Obama's campaign trips or the millions he gave to Iran on his way out?
Where did you go Karen?
Why does Trump always lie about Obama? Because Trump knows he'll never be half the man. #truthalwayswins #truth
Look who is talking about half man
Bullies are not men. We have never had a president blaming others in every speech & tweet.  Bush was so much better.
Trump doesn't lie. Don't u ppl get it. He tells it as it is. All about #Obama is a #fact
So when Trump said that if elected president, he wouldn't golf, it's true because Trump said it? You will believe Trump no matter what.
Haaaa haaaaaaa. No other arguments?  Jeez
Still haven't corrected this yet, even though your press secretary admitted this is incorrect.
.@realDonaldTrump K, we all know this isn't true, & even if we could believe Spicer that u (again) MEANT SOMETHING ELSE, where's the apology
.@realDonaldTrump While ur apologizing 4 the Gitmo lie, how abt the BIRTHER LIE that u kept going 4 years? WHERE IS THE APOLOGY FOR THAT??
The truth is meaningless now... Obama released 9 prisioners, Bush released 113. 

#gaslighting America.
@SlidinDelta Not just bad, treasonous!!
Yeah. Too bad 113 of the 122 were released by Bush. Only 9 were released by Obama. You can write, how about you actually read a little?
.@realDonaldTrump
@POTUS44  #Obama released 9 who returned to the battlefield 
#Bush had 113 return. #FactCheck http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/mar/07/donald-trump/donald-trump-wrongly-blames-barack-obama-former-gu/ … @GOP
I can name another bad design, electing this douchbag
Rather than attacking Obama with frivolous accusations, why don't you fire racist Jeff Sessions for committing perjury?
- Sir: as Breitbart has pointed out, this is incorrect. Will you be formally retracting this Tweet?
But BHO released 161 total prisoners from Gitmo, who knows where they all are? (per Wa.Examiner)
I'm laughing outloud right now
The president of the US should always be under oath.
no need to get those big boy pants in a bunch. Perhaps listening to how the MAJORITY feels???? #resist
Obama forgot he can't,protect his daughters if America is ruined by his destructive actions. Obama hates America n whites.
That is a deliberate LIE by you --just because your #MAGA fans believe what you say don't expect rest of us to ignore facts
real men don't relentlessly criticize their predecessors. Do your job. #minoritypresident
Those who Don't Support This President should UNFOLLOW, That is how he Claims Supporters By his number of Followers, So SAD
.@realDonaldTrump is an easily debunked liar. 9 of those 122 prisoners were released during Obama's presidency. The other 113? Bush.
This is inaccurate!! Most released by Bush! Get the Facts before you tweet!!
more lies #fakenews Your new name is Karen. I worked with a Gemini EXACTLY like you. Greedy, selfish prick
.@realDonaldTrump #AlternateFacts
You need to be impeached
Dir. Nat. Intelligence:121 former Gitmos “confirmed of reengaging,” 113 transferred, released by Bush, 8 by Obama. #Truth
smh.  That's just not true!  Over100 of them were released under pres. Bush!  #ReleaseYourTaxes
Arrest Obama and Hillary and put them both where they belong = IN JAIL!
Do Trump supporters NEVER actually RESEARCH anything they get behind? How is it that people are so content to remain ignorant? Terrifying!
TINE TO SEEK THEM OUT AND DESTROY!
not true!!! Check the facts!
sadly, Trump thinks that a "fact" is whatever BS he spouts
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
thanks for the #alternativefacts, but I already read the real facts shortly before your Tweet, so I'm good.
US should chip all refugees that are let in to the USA.That way we can track these other Maggots from GITMO
Sad the amount of sick haters posting here. #MAGA
terrible
this is proven not true. Trump has access to CIA and gov info but doesn't do his homework. Please Pres. get help on facts
Donald, you know Obama only released 9 from Gitmo.  Bush released the rest.  You know this.  Why lie?
thank you president Trump for your sacrifice and your honesty I'm behind you all the way.
what a communist Saul Alinsky loser we had in the Oval Office for 8 long years ! TRUMP !!
Again another LIE FROM OUR PRESIDENT Wake the Hell up and get informed Trump Supporters!! Our Democracy is in Severe Danger
Liar! Obama released 9. Bush responsible for 113. Get ur facts straight POTUS. Y do u insist on lying? UNPRESIDENTIAL!
POTUS: FACT, 9 of those 122 released during Obama admin.  I hope one of them gets to vote you out of office!
another lie. Bush released the majority of them. #FAKEPRESIDENT #presidiocy
Fake news or Alternative facts?
Wouldn't this be a good idea for a gameshow?
Thank God we have Mad Dog going after them. He'll get rid of them one by one. Give him a chance.
You are a shameful president get your act together and start working for all Americans instead of your Trumpies!
get your facts right. 113 were released under Bush, 9 under Obama. Tweets that are false facts like this makes you look bad
Mr. President, Please stop tweeting. It's being used against you. A fan
.@realDonaldTrump Donny, you better put that trigger finger back in the holster before you get hurt.#trumplies #notmypresident #RESISTANCE
Obama is vicious. He divided America and did his best to make us unsafe.
LET US GO DEEPER .. IT WAS ANOTHER ANTI-AMERICAN ACTION FROM OBAMA THE TERRORIST IN CHIEF. THANK GOD FOR YOU & AMERICA 1ST
You do realize that @realDonaldTrump's administration has already admitted that this was #FakeNews.
WHERE & WHEN... I DON'T BELIEVE YOU MR. PETERSEN.. ALSO WHY WOULD ANY GOOD AMERICAN RESIST AMERICA 1ST?
Here you go: "White House corrects Trump's tweet about Guantanamo detainees, sort of"
WHY ARE THOSE THAT RESIST SO HATEFUL & ANT-AMERICAN?  WHY SO DESPERATE TO CAUSE STRIFE & DIVISION?
Actually, resisting @realDonaldTrump means standing up for what makes America great. #Trumpocalypse
WE WILL CONTINUE TO SUPPORT & STAND WITH @POTUS TRUMP.  RESISTING AMERICA 1ST IS A FAILED ANARCHIST PLAN.
If @realDonaldTrump succeeds it will represent the death of American values. @POTUS
Right again beloved President Trump.

Have you apologized to President @BarackObama yet?  No?   Terrible decision.  APOLOGIZE NOW.
GUANTANAMERA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=blUSVALW_Z4 …
Imagine President Roosevelt releasing Nazis from prison during WWII. It's UNTHINKABLE, even for Democrats! Keep terrorist Jihadis in GITMO!
Perhaps you should stop watching FAUX News and read this, Donald.
Stop blaming Obama for everything that you feel will stain his name or image. You will MOST definitely go down as the WORST President EVER!
Find the prisoners, take them back, make them fight for their right to be here #trump #fightforyourright
What type of leader are you, spending everyday to fight perceived opponents via tweeter. Election's over. Leave Obama alone
@linda_magsamen no, gwbush released them not obama. Stop bearing false witness.
@Sherribaron1 ask ur self why would Obama do this because he is a Muslim
the devil is a Lie
SO TRUE!!  I LOVE YOU BUNCHES,  AND THANK YOU FOR CARING FOR ALL OF US!!! WE ARE TRUMP AND WE ARE EVERYWHERE
Build that wall!  
If we have to waterboard, so be it. It saved lives on 9 11.
I wonder how many terrible decisions you've made... 
Drone those guy's to meet the 99 virgins!!! Or better yet:
#Special Forces
#Ranges
#Marines
#Seals
#LIAR Uninformed, ignorance with a platform
@BeckyBikred LETS NOT FORGET THE SCUM FELONS HE PARDONED FROM PRISON.....GUN AN DRUG CHARGES..
Easy to understand once to accept that Obama was working against the best interest of USA at every turn.
now they will kill until they themselves end up dead just like a rats life should end
show me your source.
isn't that scary?
stop being a downer for poor obama
we all know the dems & Isis loving Muslim Obama wants us to hate the Russians, because they were able to push back Isis!
most were released under Bush. Check your facts. Oh nvm #alternativefacts
yet we have a traitor sitting in the White House!!!
bush released the rest know yo history before u try to make it
he released 9
what would you have done Mr. President?
Your non popular vote election created a battlefield & the majority is out for you. Obama was a president, you're a joke
@msbizz73 like so many others made by that BozO.
Absolutely.
@RaySr1946 USMC
Can't you get ANYTHING right?
9, @realDonaldTrump, Obama released 9 of them.
liar, 113 were released by George W Bush
That is a mistake 110 of them were released by President Bush.  President Obama released very few.
you really need to stop lying and get your facts straight you are so wrong
The only terrible decision I see was the one made by the idiots who voted for you
#Russiagate #Russiagate #Russiagate #Russiagate #Russiagate #Russiagate #Russiagate #Russiagate #Russiagate
give the Mad Dog what he needs to make ISIS an asterisk in the history books Mr President.
stop going backwards in time and remove Obama and Hillary 
from your tweets. I am a business woman ,not cool ,not cool.
@Cory_1077 Stay true to the words that got you elected Mr President. GOP is attempting to sway you. 2 swamps need draining
U NEED TO BE IMPEACHED FOR LYING SO MUCH
Any idiot could see that happening...Why didn't Obama???
it's ashamed that my people wait 50years to get to the Oscar and another 50 years to be nominated and a movie call moon
not really, now we don't house and feed, we can legally blow they axes off the face of the world now
mr. President if they can let a rapist come to the Oscar's who's a register Sex offender school is only 10min away than why
Thank God we now have a real President who cares for our country and its people.
actually 92% of them were released under the Bush administration. Once again you're lying to America.
im so mad at u over the #FakeRepeal that i cant like your tweets
you are a pathological lier giving out FAKE facts.  BAD BAD BAD
really why could the prisoners be set free
does it matter that 113 of the detainees were released by GWB?
Not a bad decision if we assassinate them swiftly on the the way to, or on the battlefield...
YUGE VICIOUS LIES from a Tiny Little Man. #traitortrump #realnews
FAKE NEWS! Again you LIE. How do you fit so much sh*t in that tiny little mouth?! #fishface #uglylittleman #realnews
@FoxNews is not an intelligence briefing. It's not even intelligent. #liar #impeach #dumb
they were released by George W. Bush..only 7 of those prisoners were realeased by Obama..Get your facts straight man..
I like u Mr president am poor and poor African boy if you able to help me with just  with a small 15000$ help please
as expected Obama is a soft touch for our enemies. Those terrorists should never see the light of day.
what a jerk. That was the Bush administration. You need to start telling the truth.  Liar liar minority president.
.
Who can blame em! Being held 4 several yrs can do that!! What's ur excuse 4 being an American TERROIST
Pants on fire! Credibility ZERO. You are the Fake News President.
More #FakeNews from the failing, so-called President @realDonaldTrump. Lies & Bullshit. Sad! Bad (or sick) guy!
More like 122 terrible decisions. No need to be coy here about the matter.
STOP LYING.    The whole world knows you're full of it.  TRY ACTING PRESIDENTIAL.   #putinspuppet #russiagate
WHY USE 'INTELLIGENCE' WHEN I CAN RELY ON MY OWN AND BREITBART STUPIDITY AND IGNORANCE?
Actual Lying Sad Donald they were released under the Bush Admin. But I never really thought you would get that right. Sad..
FAKE NEWS GET YOUR FACTS STRAIGHT
LIAR! #LiarInChief #lies #lie #liar
#fakenews
More bullshit.  Most were released under Bush.  Are you getting your intel from Fox or TMZ?
It's your turn to hunt them. Bring them back dead or alive. We have many unemployed soldiers who would might be persuaded!?
Yep. You would know, as you were one of these 122 prisoners.
that SOB O should be brought up on charges of treason! Manchurian candidate that should've never been president of USA
It was BUsh. Everyone who has brains knows that.
keep dropping bombs on them!!
maybe they were angry at being locked up and tortured. That would piss me off enough to want to hate Murica
@NewEra17Michael Arrest OBAMA.
it would be nice if you actually did some fact checking before you start opening your mouth you're the one with fake news
I bet you could even find someone to read to you!
: Honest figures are that Obama released 11 and Bush released over 100!
you're an idiot...
Donny, better to put that trigger finger back up your ass.  #notmypresident #TrumpLies
is the Executive Producer of "THE BIGGEST  SHOW" in presidential history!
is it sad that ur sheep will believe this or more sad that YOU believe it.
Wrong again Donnie,  please stop embarrassing us before the entire world.
you lie
Get your facts straight before you throw tweets out to the public.
.@realDonaldTrump 113 of those were released by Bush. Such a pathological liar. #Trumprussia
A lie as day keeps the truth away from Mr. Sausage Fingers' door. The man needs a long stay in a mental hosp.
Why are you unable to tell the truth EVER? You are an embarrassment to America. #TrumpLies
world and America doesn't have. It is a fact that Donald Trump has done nothing but lie since he began his run for office.
113 of those were transferred under Bush. Liars.
122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield. Just another t...
bS
122?  Well, gee that's a pretty scary number if you are a sheep.
Actually 113 of those prisoners were released by George W Bush.  Get your facts straight.
Reason Oreilly was fired was because he would not pump up Trump as rest of Fox pundits do
113 of those were released by Bush. Shame on F and F
More than terrible, its treasonous
https://youtu.be/p2NkjNvwuaU 
you mean GEORGE W BUSH released 113 vicious killers...but you are barley  literate so its easy to see how you got it wrong
Actually, 113 of those Prisoners were released by G. W. BUSH's Administration.
Don't you EVER check facts before Tweeting?
Only confirmed leaker of classified information so far has been you!
Actually, 113 of those prisoners were released by the administration of George W. Bush
Boy, you are on a major childish throwing tantrums and deflection campaign. Don't you have any work to do that doesn't help Putin?
Still Befuddled Y 5 Top Islamic TERRORISTS 4 ATreasonous Soldier.
I'm Empathic, I Feel Much Darkness.
All America. Generations n Trouble
And Ohh, don't even try to distract us!#TrumprussiaDiversion#RICO
And that's where you all going @GITMO . Walls will be paid by Mexico.  You'll be  up for a longgggg time!
Is there one normal thing that the moron in chief and Clintons did? None. #traitors
I am proud to call you my President!
lol
@Richmari01 
U mean the ones released by Bush?
Your lies have got to improve 
U have heard of the internet ?
2 easy to ck
@jessiewardrup1 hay
Been watching FAUX News again, eh, Donald? How about you attend more security briefings & stop tweeting about things you see on TELEVISION!
You do realize that you should fact check what you say? It makes you look lazy. 113 were actually released by the Bush Administration.
M . Trump, je ne vous crois pas!
