You mean like @realDonaldTrump did with his racist #birther lies and his white supremacist and KKK supporters? FOAD
he did nothing but start problems.
So, is your ambition to be a pathological liar and real estate swindler like con-man @realDonaldTrump?
more like I'm going down the path God is providing me .
So what attracted God to ignorant 3x-married adulterer, sexual predator, racist and pathological liar @realDonaldTrump?
are you serious? Your going to bring on world war 3 and want to blame it on others. Appalling to think I believed in you.
@Trump_Regrets @realDonaldTrump Even more appalling to those who didn't vote for Trump.
. I didn't say I voted for him. I sure didn't vote for her. As elected POTUS I GAVE A CHANCE. 
that's exactly what your heading is for
maybe you should spend less time having twitter tantrums and more time in the situation room.
Has the #ToddlerInChief EVER had a tweet age well?
Not even once
God, what a liar and a fool.Trying to start WWIII and supporting pedophiles is all he's done.Where's his plan to defeat ISIS in 30 days? no where..just another lie.
Graham and McCain both need to shut their pie holes and do their jobs. We need healthcare, taxes, wall, and so much more!
Didn't you say that ISIS was defeated? And YOU'RE the one looking for war. Your little tweets and name calling aren't doing us any good at all. None of your kids will go in harms way. You know you hate the job, so just quit. #TrumpResign #TrumpRussia #TrumpResign #TrumpRussia
...Senators should focus their energies on ISIS, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to st...

HAHA True that!!!!!!!!!!!
and yet Saudi Arabia is not on the ban list. Almost all terrorist stem from there, where you have significant $$$ interests
Immigration helps prevent WWIII. Another example where you are wrong.
why not #Arabia for $$$$ or gaz?
this muthafucka lookin' at others sayin they're lookin to start WW3.  
. President Bannon is getting making alot of people angry grandpa!
making not getting. See correcting urself is easy!
Oh Donald, when WW3 happens, rest assured, it will be all YOUR doing. #warmonger #offtherails
hahahahhahahahaha YESSSSS! That is an amazing point.
Nope, that's what they are trying to stop you from starting.
THEY look to be starting WWIII, wow- you need to look a little closer within your inner circle!
Europe wants a president like you. Free Europe
Good job Mr. trump..
You will need Muslims
#NoBanNoWall #MuslimBan #TheResistance #alternativefacts #WomensMarch
#NoBanNoWall #MuslimBan #TheResistance #alternativefacts #WomensMarch
He is using the same 7 countries that Obama used in 2011. Must be an Intel reason.
RESIGN; or be imed.
Your buddy Putin is the real enemy.
you are the one looking to start WWIII
starting WW III like pissing off China and kissing Russia? Seems President Bannon has that covered. #StopPresidentBannon
Yet, doing the right thing. Yet.. don't listen to anyone around.
@BuJournalist @realDonaldTrump same. B8ggest regret of my life was voting for trump. He's pure evil.
you can make it right in the future.   At least you know now.
lesson learned.
you will be better prepared in the future to to choose a candidate who works 4 u!
speak for yourself.  Resign!
And by that, I mean, the ones who DID NOT vote for your fraudulent ass.
You are unfit to serve.
Invigorating the resistance and further danger from ISIS and the like. Shameful. A conflict of interest Re saudi arabia.
Thx 4hope again. I need help fast im a small bus owner barely hanging on 4 family. Skills@ Satellite Comm & Security Energy
#ThankYouTrump #KeepAmericaSafe 
As opposed to the religious war your admin is trying to start, while you focus on ratings, crowd size & tweets? #HYPOCRITE
You are THE one who is going to get us into WW III. God help us all!
not really- climate change and the environment -top priorities
hey, bloated warthog -- how ya gonna fight isis now that no one will allow you to have a base from which to do it? sad.
stop acting like Hitler. I supported you all the way. But your actions are making me ashamed.
stop acting like Hitler. I supported you all the way. But your actions are making me ashamed. The way U R doing it is wrong
Your tweets are like reading a comic book about an unloved child president...
Na man he's loved by the people that actually love this great nation and are trying to lift it up not down
He's listening to a white nationalist and they remember the holocaust by not mentioning JEWS. Wake up
Why is everything about race with you people on the left? You're exposing yourselves as the real #racists
If that's ur response you need to look deeply into that black hole where your soul should be.
lol, all you have is insults
Yep no substance only insults typical leftist.
.@realDonaldTrump You're going to end up starting World War III while Vladimir Putin and Steve Bannon use you as a puppet. Wake the fuck up.
@Vbiii241 @realDonaldTrump PROOF GOP voters would rather suffer under a white President than thrive under a black President.
Did you say thrive? OMG, you have a really weird sense of humor. You're joking, right?
says a troll with 33 followers....
The Democrats and RINO are Communist; they love war!
If you like world war 3 Go AND strik NORTH KOREA  LOSER TRUMP NATO FORCES
maybe they're focusing on WWIII because your an oversensitive child with nuclear codes at your fingertips. You overcompensating fuck
Strange how they r always blaming you for threatening war.
Trump you are war monger # 1
You guys just strikes inocen People in Afghanistan shamed ON AMERICA TRUMP NATO FORCES LOSER
They are because you aren’t.
remember Denzel in American gangster? Now could a wall have stopped our soldiers from bringing in all that heroine in?
they only talk about nonsenses to cover up they personal and business interests. Who are makings profits with all these...?
Damn right. Put those two warmongers in their place.
He did nothing of the sort and instead made it clear he has no clue what he's doing. @realDonaldTrump
You like neocons tied to military industrial complex, support McCain and Graham
I like senators who know when to stand up to a lying, childish, greedy bully of a president. @realDonaldTrump
Well then grab your gun and combat boots and follow them. They're the last of the Bush Republicans
If that means they're the last GOP senators with common sense and intelligence then I'm with them on this. @realDonaldTrump
Their party affiliation means nothing. They could be dems and no one would notice
Tell me this. Why are you okay with this ban? No countries that terrorists came from, no countries where he has businesses?
I thought starting WW3 was your plan. You're doing a fine job of emulating Hitler so far, but not everyone hates you - yet!
Hitler never wanted war.
thank you Jay. People compare trump to Hitler and I'm like "yea right, we wish." There will never be a leader compared
both are against Israel and he wants to bring more suffering to palastine. He is for gays and tranny's.
as far as i am concerned gays have only 2 rights, AIDS and Hell
lol agreed.  That's why there was no gays or drugies in Germany. That's Jewish movements just like feminist crap.
i hate feminist. That movement was actually promoted by Zionist.  A great man once had camps built for such perverts/filth
dude, at the rate you're going, you'll single habdedly create WW3!
Isis is not a threat they make threats and when u won't comply then there goes action.  So be careful denying a foreigner
But dude, your ratings! Kiss em bye bye  Senators and Presidents be about will of the people and such.
@HiIlaryCIimton NO TRUMP THATS U WHO WILL STAT WWIII IN THE USA. WE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WILL OT STAND FOR IT.
When will you publish information about John McCain's role in Ukraine's/US regime change?
Why is Saudia Arabia not on the list. 911 came from there.
I think you are holding your finger on the ww3 trigger yourself...
presidents should be diplomatic and tactful. Not tired and reckless and demented.
#icantbelieveyou'rethepresident
As if you have any idea what you are talking about.  Not.
Take that senators. Do your jobs and leave the War starting for the @POTUS to handle.
SAYS THE POT.  WWIII WILL START UNDER THE DOMINATION OF THE FASCIST TRAITOR TRUMP
You are only allowed to criticize @SenJohnMcCain after you've done at least 1 patriotic act. You haven't gotten there yet.
by doing what you're doing, you're staying WWIII, Shitler
WORLD WAR III is already ON !
YOU ARE THE MOST HATRED MAN ON EARTH!SAADAM WAS BETTER THAN YOU!BUT YOU WILL LEARN HARD WAY
I am more concerned about YOU starting WWIII
You should eat your own words!
Did any US senator casually mention in a conversation with a foreign leader that they were ready send in our troops?
@USA_Infidel247 we are ready for a real civil war are the Democratic's ready to accept their responsibility for it.
Go away your a bit
you get dumber as each day goes by
But WW3 is so much more lucrative, Donald! Where's the money in peace?
pretty sure they are trying to figure out how to stop you from starting WW3 #notmypresident


UR the 1 that wants 2 start WWIII. No 1 else, but you. UR rude 2 world leaders & they don't have to deal with UR crap.
Avree 100%!
You are promoting World War III. Your paranoia and dictatorial decisions is causing a chaos!
war mongers are sub-human , the crime treason, penalty death
YEAH IF THE US HAD STOPPED THAT ORANGUTAN FROM ENTERING THE US, YOUR RACIST FATHER WOULD HAVE NOT HAD ANYTHING TO FUCK
#pantspissingcowardsayswhat
before dJT was voted in as POUS, did he twitted on political issues ? I am worry
Well Said Thank You
As @POTUS you probably shouldn't tweet anything in reference to a WWIII..just sayin.
This TAG team is it called: Mutt & Jeff? Frick or Frack?  Maybe even Tweedle-de and Tweddle-dumb? So sick of them and (1/2)
Maybe you should do the same.
Proud that ISIS named you "the best call to Islam"?
You are objectively pro-ISIS, making America less safe, not more.
Sad!
Speaking of WW3, can we pull our troops out of countries near Russia? That would be a huge help in deescalating tensions.
You're the only set on WWIII, and Making America Tyrannical
yeah. Cause you've got starting WWII covered
III even
Absolutely!
This just in: following the Constitution and adhering to checks & balances = staring World War III.
what about domestic threats?  That is in the constitution as well.  Stop scapegoating
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/delete-your-facebook-account-permanently.html …
That would be you ass. who is starting wars
That is such a fatherly statement, thank you!
unfortunately we are dealing with incompetent idiots who answer to lobbyists.
if protestors want Muslim country send them all over to syria for a yr and c how they feel after that! Might wake them up!
They where GOING TO DO THAT ANYWAY UNDER HILLARY. RESERVE BANK wants TOTAL GLOBAL CONTROL
Mr President, I agree with your Pro-Life belief. I.e Concious decisions before instant gratification. Yet focus on love 1st
Please prevent another world war !!! Please stop US troups in Poland !!  We don't want another war !! We want to live !!
is that because Ww3 ist your baby?
U WILL HAVE A GUD DAY TRUMP THE PROPHET
You are the instigator of world War III#checkyourratingsdonny
i would focus on communism because is the root of the problems you just mentioned sir!
Focus on protecting and embracing the Muslims that have assisted our servicemen in other countries. You could start WWIII.
Even you'll ban or never, remember that if they will..they will..All terror has started since US never ban an immigrants.
Spicer is a saint to show such patience with our left bias press who want to report screw ups versus  stuff happening good
#BLOTUS tends to accuse others of doing what in fact HE IS DOING. #BLOTUS is working hard to start a war w/iraq. Not smart
Dear President Trump - the majority of most vocal political hacks in DC sold out the American people long ago - drain swamp
please have hair surgically implanted on your mouth. That way you'll have a reason not to make sense to humanity.
sounds like your getting ready to start WWIII.
YES YES DRAIN THE SWAMP, There are a lot more that need to be told the SAME thing---YOUR FIRED !!--#drainingtheswamp
DO YOU REALLY THINK APPROPRIATE STATEMENT FOR THE AMERICAN PRESIDENT TO MAKE?? Will #PROPAGANDAPuppet @KellyannePolls spin?
*coughs and tap mic* how does it feel to know that you have started World War III right now
what Sens are doing is internal to US. What you are doing causes world wars. You are making America weak.
Trump when he says Libyans to prevent us from entering America has amuses me Bow we travel every day to America??
Senators should focus on Impeaching you before YOU and YOUR BOSS Bannon start WW!!! !!!!
The only one trying to start war is YOU (or should I say Bannon).  Finally, a republican with guts to end your reign!
Finaly we have a President that isn't afraid of doing what is right and beneficial for this Great Nation.
 This coming from a man who can't keep his focus on the issues & instead cares more about crowd size, etc. HYPOCRITE!
In leaked audio Kerry admits US watched ISIS grow stronger in #Syria use against Assad,
You are the only person wanting to start WWIII.  Stop hanging up on people!
YOU ARE GOING TO START WWIII BY YOUR BIG ORANGE MOUTH.
should focus on americans and school shootings, etc,
Again, I am with you, From Peshawar Pakistan American Muslim will help America my way for success.
Sociopaths always project their own bad behavior and intentions onto others.
..if a war starts is because of you and your untreated psychological condition
you are starting wwiii, you will go down in history as he worst prez in history, and god help us, the shortest
should focus his energies on economic reform instead of always looking to start World War III.
now that makes sense if you have any common sense politicians have little if any common sense.
DEM SENATORS NEED TO STOP AND LISTEN AND PROTECT OUR COUNTRY BUT THEY JUST WANT TO FIGHT WITH TRUMP
people are so sad. Mexico is overcome with drugs and crime. Why do you think they come here.
stay focus on positively matters TRUMP NEGATIVELY COMES WITH THE NOSE N BELIEVERS
t
Yeah, let them focus on things you should really be doing. You've shown great promise in beginning World War 3 by yourself.
ISIS are simply paid mercenaries who work for whoever pays them the most. Not some random organization. We pay them most
(2/2) and their NEGATIVITY.  They are anti-POTUS and anti-American Agenda. McCain vacationed with George Soros.
Actually Senators should focus their efforts on removing you from office.
توواقعا يه ادم عقده اى وأحمق وروانى هستى وروز به روز وجودت از ارزش أمريكا در جهان كم ميكنه
and water tbh. Like #FlintWaterCrisis
ISIS is funded by the US government
You should stop focusing on oil deals with Putin and the Russian gov't.
Senators should focus on 1) booting Bannon - self-described enemy of the state and 2) iimpeaching you
u r right
you are the one we worry about starting ww3
and you sir are starting a civil war in your own country. You promote greed and hatred. I am ashamed of you!
like u aren't trying to start a war
how about you have America stop selling ISIS weapons?
YOU ARE STARTING WORLD WAR 3!!
Trump is for the American people and we support him. We the American people
can't say it enough: immigration at 40 year low, is a NON ISSUE. You're effectively #startingwwIII. #FACTSARENOTFICTION
Delusional as ever. Ignorant fool.
