
Things aren't looking good for you Chum...
Taking credit for doing nothing to make this happen, just like the jobs "you saved" and "the made in USA" products- except all your crap.
LIAR, TRAITOR, RESIGN NOW! You haven't passed a damn thing since you've been in office. But, you've funneled lots of $$ into your businesses
Like hiring foreign workers for your properties?
Now we need to get rid of those bloodhounds, Mueller & henchmen.
Does it matter what come out of your mouth anymore?
Another new job maybe opening up at the White House. Please resign. If not, the pitchforks are ready.
Mr. President. The NY Times is never going to love you. Don't forget those who stood with you all along. Not The NY Times
or your Family !
Liar liar pants on fire

who would win in a fight between a baboon and a badger?
What about #carrier & #lowes moving jobs overseas?
More lies about new jobs. How about Carrier laying off 300?
Up late drinking Diet Coke?
Googling... What is a pardon?
Late night chocolate cake snack?
And when your and ivanka comes here that will be great! Oh yes guess you all going to jail. Maybe next time.
Keep up the good work. You are unpopular every day except Election Day.
Just you wait. I'm going to make you forget I'm really a russian spy. So great. I'm the best. Got any cheetos? @potus
Lol
Did you figure out if you can pardon yourself?
Speaking of employment, sounds like a few of your lawyers quit today.
It's a well known fact that lawyers only quit when their case is airtight and things are going smoothly.
The case is probably in such good shape that he doesn't even need lawyers anymore, actually.
My god, imagine Donald Trump defending *himself* in a trial, especially a Senate trial.
He doesn't need lawyers. Maybe that is why they are leaving. So, yeah, very easy defense here. Especially if he has a magic pardon card.
You have to be found guilty before u can be pardoned! GUILTY
Hi Wendy! Actually, you can be pardoned even before you're charged at all. See here:
guard those nuts! treason is a bigly crime...
@POTUS  How proud I was today to call you our president.Your strong powerful UN speech gives hope to the entire world.
What a joke!

Hey Trump. How's Carrier doing?
hey, buddy, how you doing? How was your day?
Pardon me?  :)
Your the posative force that can plow your way thru the bs w/myself & millions of other supporters who love you.
THE TIME IS NOW FOR IMPEACHMENT AND CRIMINAL PROSECUTION!!!
Thank you Mr President! Continue to make America great! 
Oh... and please fire Mueller. He's a political hack just like Comey.
Pretty sure that would be obstruction of justice...

MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN,
GOD BLESS YOU MR. PRESIDENT,
GOD BLESS AMERICA

Great. You r doing great job
So funny. Made in America or made in USA.   I don't know.   What label is inside Trump Clothing Lines.    CHINA.    BANGLADESH
I love you love you love you Mr. President
But not you.  Your property in palm beach just requested visas for foreign workers
Nervous?
For Dems this is bad news. They would much rather see the welfare rolls syrocket. They want dependence on govt. handouts. Only way they win!
I recall not too long ago you were threatening twitter users for being mean to you. Alleging they might face lawsuits soon
This is his bar number in California. File a complaint: 132924
They are receiving a lot at the moment.
You cannot pardon yourself.
wait, why did you fire your lawyer?
I want you to know something the sycophants aren't telling you:

If you fire Mueller, millions of us will take to the streets. MILLIONS 
We will bring this nation to a grinding halt, pimp-slap the GOP out of its complicit stupor and demand justice.

We. Have. Had. Enough.
Best to use the big boys words, he might understand that way...

B I G L Y  Sound it out Trump, you can do it.
Funded by Russia made in China. Dotard Trump is the world's biggest hypocrite! Not even a Christian's toenail!
What about the people who CAN'T WORK SMART ONE!!
Merck & Pfizer have been sued and lost for millions.
Wow you've done all this in 200 days? Stop flattering yourself.
GonTrump IMHO!!!
thank you Mr. President
Thank you @POTUS44!
We know why you tweet...  You are completely aware of how wetawded you sound and how little sense you make.  Embarrass yourself much?
Trump is a DOTARD!
Pardon me?
When he gets ousted from office there will be parties not just in the USA but all over the world
Agreed!
More Traitor-KKK statues removed!   Thanks Trump!  Inadvertent,  unintentionally,  accidental, incompetent WINNING!
. Pls DJT. Tell your counterpart in Nigeria to learn from you.
oke
Thankyou, Mr. President.We Need The Senate Republicans and in the House to get Health Care And Taxes in Line Before the second half
Billions of dollars in investments &amp; thousands of new jobs in America! An initiative via Corning, Merck &amp; Pfizer...
givle em hell,, donald!
Sweet
Yeah, nonsense! How come Rothschild is moving big money out of US? YOU ARE THE JOKE OF THE OUTSIDE WORLD!
Psalm 33:12
Blessed is the #nation whose #God is the #Lord, The #people He has #chosen as His own #inheritance.
Do you have a verse about Nazis by chance
We have to bring all the US companies back from China. We need to put the stamp made in USA again. We need to get all those jobs back again.
Made in USA ....the outside world boycotts! Anerica is only great at starting wars!
Keep Draining the Sewer! Keep the Faith once delivered to Christians! God is Blessing America once Again 
Oh dear! Another ostrich!
They underestimated you!I knew you were #BusinessMinded !#Yes
Wait until he bankrupts America. He's an expert on bankruptcy!
Do your job Mr. Trump and stay off Twitter!
He needs Twitter for his bullsh*t!
Don't you have better things to do as president than go on twitter all the time ?
Needs it 4 his ego!
Tell us how many millions Russia invested in you.
You're a bigger embarrassment to this country than all 6 seasons of Jersey Shore.
That's good!!
So when will the Trump family start selling made in America
Never!





Lock him up for what? Winning the election? Defending the country? Bringing up our economy?
Obama never cared about 'this kind of stuff' - to busy solving race relations and fixing the health care system to talk economy and growth 
Bail out CT. Near bankriptcy ? Why I on west coast want reason for. With Electric boat all the bases Oh yeah you detest Ct. And the natives.
All this and still the narrative is all about Russia.
F...Big Pharma your in bed with the devil!  Wake up Trump!  I thought u were going to hold these criminals accountable?!?!
Not because of you
fake news !
And Mexico will now trade with Argentina leaving thousands of farmers up the creek.
Now who's owned by big Pharm?!
Right.  I'd really never believe anything you say or write.  Proven liar, con, spin and total bs All. The. Time.
Is this like Carrier?
Not true. I know personally Merck is in trouble. Don't think they will be hiring.
Are Carrier employees celebrating too?
Carrier just lay off more people. 7 millions down the drain again.
what can I say..tremendous,bigly lies again??nothing new then.
Fake News.
Stop with the bs
http://money.cnn.com/2017/06/01/news/economy/trump-1-million-private-sector-jobs-paris-speech/index.html …
You keep telling yourself that loser. Hope your impeachment it slow and painful
What about Carrier and all the coal jobs?? Propaganda and Lies!
Grow up people. All the whining you people do changes nothingI mean, get more lawyers, people quit on you, etc... that happens to leaders 
Dan willdurr is a gingus orhestratore . Talking 1st grade
And Carrier? Where does that stand #fakepresident you own that
South East of the USA? How far lol and coommeeee onnnnnn! More talent and heart here... anyway.
I am sure, it can not be a period of Donald Trump rule ordinary. I am sure of the beautiful changes that will be made by the great Trump
what?
Church Lady is a joke!  Big Pharma making out bigly from Trumpcare too.  People suffering!
Arise and Hope in "God Bless America" again
When is your and your families stuff going to be made in America?
How is Carrier doing? Lmk!

IN THE LONG RUN ,  WE  JAPANESE WISH THE  AMERICAN
PEOPLE 'S HAPPINESS  &  JOBS 'RE  KEPT  ! ! ! ! !
Tell the truth. They were set in motion before you were president. Loser.
Proud of you President Trump!!!
@POTUS what happened to Carrier??
They wouldn't do it if they weren't making a ton of money from it.
Bullshit. Where are all these jobs? WHERE? Traitor
Good initiatives
@realDonaldTrump you're my fucking hero
no jobs no wall , still waiting ,  still  lying  !
The Brown Lady. another failed promise.
None  for trump products tho as they are NOT made in America
We love and trust you completely President Trump..take heart the American people love and trust you, not the garbage in congress and media
What about the jobs from carrier refrigerating units they are moving to mexico anyway no matter what you say loser
Fake #45out
please help father of murdered Keansburg girl attend the funeral
leave him alone...he id out president
Oh yes Big Pharma
Omg  Ugh 
@JamesRChang1 THANKS AGAIN OBAMA!
  - what's the over/under on you serving your full term??
Something needs fixed. This year I made 40k so far. After taxes, single worker I took home 20k. After work related expenses I took home 10k.
It's Gulf money. How are you
Ask them to lend the US $8.4 mil so transgender people can serve in the military w/o breaking the $600 bil budget. #ProtectTransTroops
Think of what a great example you could set by having some of your products Made In America. Less talk,more leading by example.
Crooked trump's impeech and jail# should happen

Thousands isn't anything thing. Do better.
Great, but in the plans for years!



you buy and put in the Taj mahal 1.2 billion$  and then sell it for 50 million$..what a great deal!next Deal America
Maybe your suits and ties would be better if they were made here.
When anything good happens  DUM ASS TRUMP clams he thought of it... When it goes bad he never heard of it,,,,
Hope this goes better for you than the Carrier deal, what with all their layoffs and moving jobs overseas.

Awesome!!
Now get rid of Death tax, AMT and gift tax, totally wrong tax any individual that works hard and already paid a tax.
are they not one of the underlying causes of HC being so expensive? Lets give them more money to create more jobs to double their prices!
Uh-huh, whatever. That plant you "saved" in Jan is already bust - like your presidency!
How come all of the crap you sell are made in China?
So when do you plan to close your businesses outside the US?
You lie.  Fake news #FakePresident
You're either delusion or a liar or a delusional liar. I'm guessing the latter one?

MAY THE LORD OF GLORY, LORD OF ALL CREATION BLESS YOU SIR, THE FIRST LADY AND THE WHOLE TRUMP FAMILY!!

THANK YOU SIR FOR SUPPORTING ISREAL
All these tweeters hate jobs and hate america...makes me disgusted...go Trump...go America
But we are bleeding retail jobs because major chains are closing.  So overall less jobs
President Trump you are awesome!Im glad you Are investigating Mueller!Hes just another swamp creature!https://youtu.be/LwPmIIPcTkU 
Dan Wilbur. Take your meds
Hey Donny, Carrier dumped on you.
Just saying.

#news #p2 #tcot #UniteBlue @cspanwj #humor #NotMyPrez
Thank You Mr President

This guy is definitely in a bubble....a fart bubble

Thousands of new troll jobs. I see you added another 500k followers. Even trolls don't want to miss you destroying yourself.
Yay!!! More false promises from the guy who is acting like he is president! Step down you sorry excuse of a person.  #puppet
Too bad only 3 of TRUMP and family products made in USA.  Greedy jerk. Liar and traitor to the world he is killing.
Don't take credit for what WE previously  built w/o your help stooge
Stay strong Mr. President!
With respect Mr #Trump these companies and others are responsible for major off shoring of jobs. Why in world should we believe this now?
Are the investments in spray tam or more make up for your wife
Trumpet
Been served your own 
personal Mueller subpoena yet?
Its your personal "come to Jesus"
momento. Something for your 
cell wall.
Oh, thank ya thank ya thank ya Donald!  Bless ya, bless ya, bless ya!  You're our hero, our savior, where would the USA be without you?
https://web.facebook.com/Zi.sagor.A 
Oh great. Big pharma gets more power.
Don't trust any drug companies!!
What are you doing about job loss?  I know that you are supposed to be creating new jobs, but, will they be able to substain themselves?
An investment equal to $1M per job? What "assurances" were received?
Resign
Where are the women?
In  June California 5 industries reported job loss.
If your past predictions are any indication, we can expect a layoff announcement in a couple of months.
Do not let Sessions resign
You are a joke ..
And Carrrier????
Liar
