London won't ever forget that when we were hurting from a vile terrorist attack, you decided to attack our Mayor. You aren't welcome here.
We need a Trump ban. Effective immediately
can I suggest you read more books & tweet less. Books open your mind & help encourage empathy. Both would be good for you.
good advice for all
i used to wonder what the worst thing about your presidency could possibly be, but you astound me every day with new lows
When you remember that these tweets are from POTUS and not a parody account= disbelief/ shivers/ anger/ incredulity but mostly #covefe
How dare you Sir.

This is not the right approach to take to assist our ally in their time of need, nor for maintaining relationships.
Remember how Mayor Khan responded to the Orlando Pulse shooting? Remember how you responded??? Twitter sure does...
Our mayor does his job with intelligence, dignity & balance. You could learn a thing or two. #Notreeling #VoteLabour @SadiqKhan
Since you have very poor reading and comprehension skills--you take things out of context & spread misinformation as fact.
Hahaha! A geopolitical analyst says #45 has only an 800-word vocabulary, is illiterate, has Ivanka ever present to explain, interpret.
I can't even imagine that he has an 800-word vocabulary! Seems more like, MAYBE, 300, at the most. How has America sunk so LOW? :(
The uk people hate him and let's hope our new PM actually has a backbone to stand up to him unlike Theresa
Are you from the UK?! Doubt it. Mayor @SadiqKhan Khan is by far the most loved Mayor we have had since Dick Whittington!
Most loved? You must be off your head on drugs
I guess because of the nice weather they allowed her out of the asylum for the day, but let's hope her treatment works, poor thing.
Ah thanks Jim. That's really kind!Bless you. I do Mayor Khan, I'm sorry you don't. What's not to love?

Is that meant to be Ringo? He's one of the best drummers ever. That beat in Ticket to Ride. Anyway he's not Mayor Khan, silly!
No doubt the luckiest drummer ever and luck always tops good... 
Pres.Trump, I'm sorry you have to put up with these anti American haters. They're a minority,the rest of us have your back!
You might consider actually reading the full statement before, once again, running off at the mouth with inappropriate and embarrassing BS!
A message like that shows what an awful president you are. You do not share our values, so stay away
It's getting hard to trust Muslims now days. I know there are good ones, we have a Muslim lady that owns a restaurant, great food, nice fam
Khan is an Islamic Trojan horse there little more you need to know. Can see from across the sea.
@realDonaldTrump...You're tragic, one of the worst things that ever happened to the U.S. 
We are Brits we are not alarmed, we are not afraid, we may get a little peeved, we are Brits we will stand firmly together
So, following a terrorist attack on innocent civilians in another country you attack their local mayor instead of offering condolences???
You need a kick in the butt for saying those words to the UK mayor when they were dealing with so much grief and in the midst of terrorism
Pathetic response from the man baby who stole the office he occupies. And embarrassing for any decent American.
You people are the embarrassment, not our President.  Sober up and get a life!!!
You find grab'em by the pussy man to be a national pride? THAT is not an embarrassment to you? Well, Naomi have him babysit for your kids??
Did you vote for Bubba Clinton. I am certain when most men get together, their language is unacceptable in mixed company
Why are you condemning the mayor for his attempt to relieve panic? Would you have rather he said "grab your guns & start shooting!" #SMDH
Yes.. Yes, He would have! That's his answer for all things. More hatred and violence
Clinton put us in a war with Kosovo to get the media’s mind off a cum stained dress. If President Donald John Trump would declare a war all the  media would shut up about him but he is following after peace and prosperity.
You are narrow minded. You see everything to favor Trump whether it's true or not. Try reading and learning the whole story. Who, when, where & WHY!. There was a reason we were sent to Afghanistan.
Note London Mayor didn't chime in about guns or radical US terrorists in US when Scalise, 100s shot? It's called class.
Trump has no class, no manners. He just a cave man with a suit on. My apologies to the caveman. I am sure they were smarter than trump.
Stay off the Twitter.
Londoners voted for the 9/11 mastermind's lawyer for mayor out of everyone in London. I hope Trump never visits London, f*** them.
Learn English COMPREHENSION before you tweet your fatuous statements!
Why do you lie when anyone can see what he actually said, in context? It makes you look like not just a liar, but a damn fool.
You're insane. Resign for the good of the country
A real President would have the decency to apologize to London's mayor, but Trump is a cheap presidential knockoff. #trumpregrets
If u were a gentleman, had integrity, courage, honesty you'd apologise 2our London Mayor 4 your mistake u got hold of the wrongendofthestick
You are so unprofessional. The whole world is laughing at you!
You don't read so well, you can barely spell and no one wants to be your friend. Does this remind you of high school?
#youhaveonejob #andyousuckatit
oh America! I'm sooo embarrassed for you that this clown represents you 
Diplomacy.... decency... why are you attacking the major of London? ( looks at name and picture of major..... ahh I forgot you are a racist)
Get your own country in order. Out socialising, playing golf & getting your hair polished and you want to use the word 'pathetic'. Really!!
if you come to London Don, bring your stab vest as @sadiqkhan has allowed London to become a killing field
You are seriously mental. I mean clean off. Do you not actually know you have wholly misjudged mr Khan? Shame.

Recognition is half the battle!  We see it!  Why are the Left BLIND???
@Donald Donald J. Trump don't be stupid the head and stop your trip to london you also need a little respectect too
Pathetic excuse for a president! #notmypresident
The mayor of London and treadue are both destroying countries and whoever doesn't see it is a fool, maybe you guys should do some research
If there is anyone that knows what pathetic looks like it would be a trump 
Here is how a real @POTUS44 handles things when allies are hurting. You're a petulant criminal child Don.#Prison Pal
You know what's really sad? When other countries refer to our leader as "ill-informed" and they're right.
The once world leader of the world just said this?  Now you know why you are no longer the world leader.  This is just crass behavior.
How  many Americans killed Americans on the same day @realDonaldTrump? Get yr own house in order b4 u disrespect the UK
You really need to read/listen to the bloody statement. No, don't make it up as you go along. You really really need to get a grip #Delusion
Er, not pathetic excuse at all. You quoted him completely out of context.  Londoners know who they can trust.
The man is unfit to hold any public office let alone mayor of one of the greatest cities in the world....
Don? You are the world's oldest infant. The bride and groom don't want you to come. Watch CNN and scream at the TV. That seems to help.
Hey, Britain LIKES Obama, HATES YOU. Be a man for once in your PATHETIC life. Deal with it, as Trumpkins are fond of telling Demns about YOU. YOU'RE the so-called "salesman". Sell this: 凸(-_-)凸
I'll welcome you Mr President!!
Love Trump.
SadicKhan's a disgrace to UK & World.
No he is not related to Mr Kahn the Dad! Please don't, there are a million Kahn's. Ricardo Montalban was known as Kahn!
They need to run that guy out of town!
You're pathetic too and your lies now BLOCK
Your tweet is insulting and mistaken. I'm so glad you've cancelled your UK visit now. You really are not welcome.

More @realDonaldTrump lies...LOL
What more can u expect from a Pakistani
I think "pathetic excuse" should be directed at someone much closer to you!!
What kind of President writes this to an individual who has to deal with turmoil and terrorism occurring around his city. God Bless London!
#Trump You insult the mayor because he is a Muslim. It took Eight minutes to kill the terrorists and others involved arrested next day.
What??
You're the pathetic excuse! Stop the lying, the con-man attitude and resign now!
You need to watch #TheLastLeg  channel 4 (uk) from tonight. Will tell you how us Brits really feel!
do the respectable thing and give it up. WE DONT WANT YOU
Maybe if you quoted properly, everyone would know that he was referring to the hightened security measures.  You're such a TV drama queen.
USA population is 326 million. . And you're the best they choose to lead? God help us all
this country is a mess that many lies in parliament they have forgot the truth strategy is listen to our people who are living the truth
You’re the perfect example of FAKE and PATHETIC. The sooner you’re out of the White House the people of the world will be better off
So you are verbally attacking an Ally when they have been attacked? Not cool
When we were attacked they stood in solidarity with our anthem.  This is how you respond when they are attacked? You do not represent us.
they just played what he actually said, which was don't be alarned by all the extra armed police.
Unfairly cited. Bad. #covfefe
London proud to have Muslim mayor. Saddiq meant "don't be alarmed about amount of armed police on streets". U took it out of context again!!
Oaf.
What a disgrace
You could never match him in wits. He is so much more intelligent than you. You embarrass Americans on a daily basis.
You are the pathetic one, Donald Trump. As we say in portuguese: um verdadeiro parvalhão!
You need a filter in that mouth. You offend ppl as if there were no consequences. Then u wonder why your ratings drop. Or are you in denial
Please stop it
Just heard Queen Elizabeth II invited you to the palace. Sadiq's Ramadanatantrum is a failure.
Wow, you are taking his comment out of context.  Just another low for you.
"Nothing is easier or more pathetic than a critic" Donald J. Trump....
After ProperComm: London Mayor Sadiq Khan had to think fast on is "no reason to be alarmed" statement. MSM is working hard to sell it.
Speaking of pathetic excuses for presidents ...
Oh Donald.  You just don't  know anything about us brits do you? Taking stuff out of context and making fake news doesn't impress us
There's just something profoundly wrong with you,Predator. Your pathological lying is just off the charts. The sane of the world loathe you.
Sort your own country out, before pointing fingers at others you giant #Covfefe . The ppl of London VOTED 4 him #democracy
8 shot in Mississippi, 5 shot in florida in 1 week. What YOU doing about that? Sort your own violence out.
Sad that you exploit tragedy for your personal satisfaction. You are unfit to be President of this great country. You are our national shame
You're out of your element, Donny.
Mayor Sadiq Khan Admits the UK Let 400 Jihadis into the Country and He Has No Clue Where They Are. He needs to go!
Khan Admits the UK Let 400 Jihadis into the Country and He Has No Clue Where They Are – TruthFeed            #ma4t  http://truthfeed.com/video-khan-admits-he-let-400-jihadis-into-london-and-has-no-clue-where-they-are/79410/ …
Pot calling out the kettle you murderer... get your hair cut you mug
Keep tweeting @POTUS  The people would rather hear from you directly instead of through filtered, biased, slanted #FakeNews MSM. #MAGA
@realDonaldTrump Is you hair made of straw? 
He's not like you. He has actual work to do protecting citizens rather than sitting trying to figure out what to tell the media
Khan conducted himself with world class dignity!

It is extremely sadwhen a man who is in a position of the utmost influence, a leader of a great nation, uses it as a platform to belittle, attack and taunt other people, nations, and organizations, especially during crisis.  It goes without saying this should not happen, ever!
It's easier for MSM to sell a real Leader
 than a fake leader
Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his "no reason to be alarmed" statement. MSM is work...

The Grenfel Tower Public Inquiry crashed on take off in the absence of an Interim Fire Report.Ditto for Police and HSE inquiry
Trump "the Narcissist" will go down in history as the worst US President in history. Since he has accomplished that , can't he just leave?
Right on Mr President!
Efectivamente, ya está bien de contemplaciones con el Islam y su mierda de forma de vida...
There were car attacks in Charlottesville and Paris this week. Under your watch. You didn't solve them. Failed President!
Where is your outrage now when earlier white terrorists ploughed into pedestrians right here on our own streets? @chucktodd
So who the hell is he..probably a friend of Joanne Rowling..none of your business 'Mayor'.
Question.. Did you have to practice at being so incredibly cruel, arrogant, and insensitive? Or has it all just come naturally?
how you think we feel having an imbecile as mayor
London is in Big trouble for electing a Muslim for Mayor !!
FYI: you will NEVER be welcome anywhere on this island; certainly not London.
Wow #MAGA 97,000 tweets already. God Bless you PRESIDENT Trump.
Nobody cares about Chaka Khan
Oddly enough "Pathetic Excuse " is the  term majority of Americans are saying about you. #FakePresident
stop capitalising on a tragedy for political points
Tick...
You will pay the price of the Muslim blood that I am the loser, 
You are a fake President.  You don't have a clue what you are doing
If there were no fake news , you won`t be POTUS today
That mayor in London needs to be fired! or removed from office. Terrorists are in full swing and every one needs to be involved.
#YouAreFakeNews #YouAreIrresponsible
Sadiq Khan said 'it is part and parcel of living in a city ' when referring to the latest terrorist attacks. Get out Khan.
This is a despicable statement. History will judge you.
8ot
LOSERS supporting criminal sadiq khan, no brains, no integrity. #MAGA !!!
God is with you, carry  on with your good work
I agree...working together can make a different  "  other life and have security. Need your help..feel isolated
I feel that people should start working together. Stop talking about other people. With the help can accomplish so many things.
"Londoners will see an increased police presence today and over the course of the next few days. There's no reason to be alarmed," 
Everything is OK
Why in God's name would those people not be alarmed? Makes zero sense!
No Khan did not have to think fast on his feet. The UK police do not bear arms when patrolling the streets. That would worry some people.
Dirty Donny Dumpster is Damn Demented and disgusting in denigrating London's daunting and distinguished Mayor
So, "pussy" grabber, "pussy" grabber, what are we seeing? GOing to London to visit the queen? NO! Uninvited, unwanted.
This is just so embarrassing, so fat-headed & obnoxious. You purposefully misinterpret - or you're stupid - a mayor calming his citizens.
#FakeNews #FakePresident #Loser
