i'm so glad to see that you continue to try and tear apart the Republican Party. Keep it up!
KABOOM!
Anyone who doesn't agree with you, you attack.  Anyone who does agree with you, you bring into your cabinet, until they no longer do.
Jeff Flake is one of the few Republicans who had the guts to stand up to you.  PERIOD!
How do you expect to not get impeached if you keep alienating the people who have the power to do it?
This is a True Leader here.  (The dark-skinned one on the right)
An American leader

You remind me of a First Grader trying to make fun of the smart kids.
I assume something big is going to happen today because you are all over the place!!
You are a disgrace to America just like these guys
How soon until you resign?
Something is about to go down. He's getting in his parting shots at anyone who questioned him @JeffFlake @LindseyGrahamSC
That German bank turned over Trump's financial txns. He must be both livid & scared. The bank laundered lots of Russian $.
#Trump calling someone toxic is too funny.
Trump is so quick to denounce everyone except for the KKK.
In fact, after the Trump denounced the KKK, he just couldn't sleep at night. So the next day he told the world how they were "fine people."
He not only completely backtracked, but went so far as to praise them. He said they had a permit!
When Trump read that teleprompter at the unscheduled press conference Kelly forced him to do, he was seething inside.
So the next day he just had to tell the world how much he loves white supremacy.
Trump has given permission for racists everywhere to show their racism.
Trump attacks republicans more often and aggressively than he does Putin. (He has never criticised Putin)
You are toxic. You are poisoning our country.
He can't rightfully call anyone toxic without becoming the world's hugest hypocrite.
So Trump wakes up and decides to attack Flake and Graham? On Twitter he condemns public servants more than racist hate groups.
The actions of a rabid dog. He attacks anyone in front of him in blind and misdirected anger.
Trump is impulsive, vindictive, and ego-driven. Dangerous character traits for a president.
Dangerous character traits for a president. 

Abhorrent traits in a leader at any level. 
Our military values leadership traits. DJT doesn't
Abhorrent traits for anyone, and somehow he became our president.
We have no President of the United States.
It is deeply satisfying to watch you self-immolate every 72 hours.
There is no reason for you to be so antagonistic toward Republicans.
But when they hurt your fee-fees, you lash out.

SAD!
There are so many ways for you to leave office early.
You could just do the right thing and resign.
Or, we can wait for Mueller.
What happened when the intel community told warned you about American Nazis?

Apparently, nothing.

#ThursdayThoughts
Not only did not listen but cut grant money to orgs that worked to counter white supremacy movements.
And remove white supremacist groups from Federal terror watch lists. In February!
Not true fake news
Bullshit. 

http://bfy.tw/DQKT 

"Racism is evil, and those who cause violence in its name are criminals & thugs" - .@POTUS a stark contrast of Obama's 

…




The #FakeNews Wants Everyone To Believe @POTUS is A Racist And #ImaNazi For Supporting Him. If you believe that You Are AltLeft Racist 

If Ben Carson was a Democrat the media would turn this into the biggest race baiting story. Instead they just shrug it off. Sick. https://twitter.com/sarahcwestwood/status/897906874489729024 …

Democrat party needs racism, real or not, to survive. Their message depends upon having someone to blame. Its got to be someone else's fault

RETWEET if you voted for Trump and 100% condemn all forms of racism, bigotry, or physical political violence. 
You're weak on pretty much everything - specifically condemning Nazis and white supremacists. It is you, sir, who is toxic!
And it's sad that the president has resorted back to name-calling & screaming 'Fake News' at outlets who report facts. You're unhinged.
"The Fake News is using what I said on camera against me!"
The self destruction is glorious!
You've yet to attack #WhiteSupremacists. Here's one that attacked your daughter and son-in-law. Tweet your worst...at your base!
He's condemning Trump too for giving her to Jared, misogyny and bigotry, he's a train wreck, watch the Vice episode. Elle Reeve is amazing.
Right?  When they pushed her in that van with David Duke and went to the protest, they scared her and she pushed right through. Brave woman
omg I thought they were gonna beat her out.
They loved the exposure.  For some bizarre reason they believe their message will resonate, if they can get it out to enough white people.
POLL 

Is the border wall good for our country??

Vote and RETWEET below!
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!!
AMERICA FIRST!

Where he STOLE "America First"
#ImpeachTrump #FireBannonMillerGorka
And 4 a just as scary source, he gets his "facts", talking points & direction from FauxFoxNews! What a loser!
#fakefoxnews  since 1998 just like Roger Ailes wanted 
A ratings game. Didn't care about facts. Wanted to rile up the viewer to return
Loving the comments about the Dem. Klan. 
They still have the same goals, but NOW they wear #MAGA hats. 
They are EVERYONE'S problem.
How long did it take you to think of "Flake" Jeff Flake?
Not long. He has the brain of an 8 year old bully.
That's demeaning to 8 year olds. They can be quite creative in their insults!
He's been real busy..oh but you wouldn't know that. Stop being sheeple. Turn your TV off! Lol!!
An unsourced list of lies.
Half of the things on that list have nothing to do with #losertrump. "Won 4 special elections." Uhhh what?
Also... who wrote the percentages like this? %76? Wtf.
You guys can't even get your lies to look remotely believable. Sucks to suck.
We are delighted that you are supporting @kelliwardaz for Senate, @POTUS 
She will not Flake out on you. #MAGA 
@JeffFlake 
#IVotedForTrump
SHE'S GOING TO WIN THIS 
#KelliWard #AZ
President Trump NEEDS to support her... Send message to the RINOS..
And recall mccain, too...
Flake teamed up w/ Luis Gutierrez to push pathway for citizenship for illegals. Gutierrez was arrested Tuesday. http://www.ocregister.com/2007/03/21/legalization-path-planned/amp/ …
Gutierrez was arrested outside White House during DACA rally Tuesday. This is who Flake teamed up w/ to push amnesty
People like Jeff Flake don't care about the American people, only themselves. DRAIN THE SWAMP!
We can't drain what YOU keep filling.
How dare you call our president those names? He's done amazing things for our country. Including denouncing all violence. Try it sometime.
He has done absolutely nothing for this country.  There is not one single thing he has done.  Without using a meme list one thing.

This article literally says the good numbers are based on EXPECTATIONS of things he has not actually done yet.
Yeah that's how the stock market works.
Obama gains till end of fiscal year.. Trump can't claim it. Trump inherited a strong economy close to fully employed. Thank you #44
You are willing to tear the Republican Party apart because Jeff Flake criticised you
You attack anyone who doesn't agree with you
This is politics. It's not business. Republicans will do what is in their own self-interest. They won't just suck up to you. Get used to it
No Eddy doesn't need to see someone but your president does and apparently his base. #heiscrazy
God Bless You!


Donald Trump trying to break the ice in congress:
Just stole this one:
Found this one the other day
It's a pity a lot more people didn't support Trump to especially on the Republican side he's been fighting a battle on all sides since elect
Well he surely has not become a billionaire by being an idiot the idiots are the ones the refuse to listen to him




Cool story bro. Now let’s get back to Russia Taxes Money Laundering Theft and Treason. Best to resign now Donnie. It isn’t going away
next week will be money laundering and the week after that will be taxes...OMG you guys seriously need to get a life!
You seem angry dude. Take a break from your cubicle 
Donald Trump is just whiny because his @Trump financial records got subpoenaed.

He is a traitor, liar, and a coward, and America hates him
He's the one who wanted to play the game.  His problem was he thought he didn't have to play by the rules.
'Make America Great Again' is the American equivalent of 'Thousand Year Reich'.
for love and compassion, from this Trump supporter. #MAGA is about loving Americans who love their home 
I love how you MAGAs think you're the only ones who love their home or love people who love their home.
Absolutely!

Come on, Arizona. Get rid of this RINO Jeff Flake!

Vote @kelliwardaz!
Jan 2017. Washington D.C.

The new, #NaziInChief, is sworn into The White House.

#TrumpHistory
Jan 2017. Washington D.C.

Newly appointed, #NaziInChief, waves to the adoring crowd. 

#TrumpHistory
May 2017. West Palm Beach, Florida.

#NaziInChief, D. Trump, surrounded by bogeys, refuses to waver in the face of danger. 

#TrumpHistory
President Trump will be the Greatest US President in history. The liberal biased and corrupt obstacles are immense but Gods hand is upon him

Can't wait until someone runs against you! Can't come soon enough.
This is America thinking about you every damn day.
America First? We've been there. And America rose up and kicked the ever-loving shit out of the Nazis. Hate has no place here.
Resign NOW.
You know you need Flakes vote for every bill right?
He probably doesn't, because he is stupid. It's too bad so many MAGAs are even dumber than that because they don't realize this.
Kelli Ward? That jackass that responded to Senator McCain's cancer by saying he needed to resign so she could take his place?
Exodus 23:25
“So you shall serve the #Lord your #God, and He will bless your #bread and your #water. And I will take [1/2]
Which is the most "toxic"?
Little disturbed by these rankings.
There has been some seriously active RT'ing/gaming action from Trumpworld. But that's also as you'd expect.
Maybe not 51-49, and following you. But I guess that is the world in current year
It was pretty well 60-40 out of the gate. I have to admit that the idea of @JeffFlake of all people being "toxic" is kind of hilarious.
Plus, if Trump is mad about all those things, that means Flake is good on em.
I'm 100% motivated now to support @JeffFlake after Trump's remarks. Respectability matters a lot more now than ever thanks to Trump.
#RussiaGate #TrumpRussia #TrumpColluded
BUILD THE WALL
They're gonna call you a Nazi for that statement
They call you a Nazi for anything these days. It's becoming a meaningless word.
Yeah that's the problem these days. People throwing out accusations like they're oprah makes them lose their meaning
Absolutely. It's sad that they're incapable of understanding that.
We do it to though so it is what it is
With which words?
Wrong but they're not entirely accurate. Just like you and I aren't Nazis and white supremacists not all left leaning folks are snowflakes
I'm vote Kellie ward hate flake voted for him an am very sorry i did
I live in Az Flake has done nothing to enforce boarder control plus our VA was one of the worst in US. Time to vote in Dr.Kelli Ward!
Simply not true. #ImpeachTrump
ABSOLUTELY
ABSOLUTELY
ABSOLUTELY
ABSOLUTELY
ABSOLUTELY
ABSOLUTELY
ABSOLUTELY
Dear President Trump. You are an old man. Please try not to talk like a teenage girl. It's embarrassing.
Wow this example of projecting was easy.
Flake is right. You do not deserve to be our president!
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence CORKER is a fraud & traitor. He's paid off by the Globalist #CFR to sell out #America & #WeThePeople. #USA
RT @realDonaldTrump TILLERSON, MCMASTER, & COHN are owned & controlled by SOROS & the #CFR. They're selling out the #USA & #WeThePeople
I've always been loyal but I wish you consider refraining from name calling in this forum.  Say what you want, but with dignity, PLEASE!
You could use a lesson in respect also!
Perhaps you should stick to connecting buyers and seller of real estate! No disrespect intended.
I do a lot more than that.  But this is not about me or you.  It is about a mission that needs to move on.
I have no doubt sir.  This leftist vitriol with no factual basis has to stop. POTUS is unlike anyone before him. (1/x)
The Leftist do that because they still can't get over the fact that they lost.  Even the media was flabbergasted that they got it wrong.
We are closer to a civil war than I'd ever imagined in my lifetime.  Antifa is given a complete pass by the media putting the boot on...
McCain needs to go also.
Get the Flake out of the Senate.  Vote Dr. Kelli Ward 2018 in Arizona.

All Never Trumpers will be voted out in 2018/20 We the people are fed up with all the games and not executing the will of the people #MAGA
Senator Flake tops max on tax spendings w/his son sues for 8 million after letting 23 dogs DIE & felonies dropped! http://www.azcentral.com/story/news/local/gilbert/2015/02/19/flakes-file-claim-arpaio-mcso-green-acre-case/23715173/ …
I have yet to hear you speak where you didn't take the opportunity to name call.  Stop it!  Act your age!
I know it get SO old after a while
@SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake talk a good game of #conservatism until, that is, they suggest we work w/#democrats #flakeeeeeeee
You can tell who is a shill for th #Establishment just by th way he or she "talks out his or her arse" @SenBobCorker @SenateMajLdr @GOP
...It’s not what #Trump did or didn’t do, it’s what th #establishment has done -> proving they’re still th establishment! #DITCHmitch
My Pet Snail has an average speed of 0.04 miles per hour - out pacing this Obstructive #Congress https://twitter.com/ProfessorRobo/status/898561839629426692 …
Great to see you tweeting like an adolescent, calling people names. Really healing...
Name calling? What are you, 6?
AZ needs someone with love for the people who voted and won Kelly is the one
"He's toxic!" ????   YOU are the one who is REALLY Toxic!!  
                             * FAKE PRESIDENT! *
#maga 
 Each day I admire you more...I was reading the comments of trolls and snowflakes , so I want you to know YOU'RE THE GREATEST! Oh and your right about Flake on other levels too.
I've never heard of a sitting *RESIDENT disparage THEIR OWN PARTY! 

Not a good idea when u r under investigation! U R DUMBER than A ROCK!
It is of the people who follow you are conspiracy theorists or anti-establishment. Of your trying to get fired. #MAGA
*you're
WTF is it to you clown? YOU ARE GOING TO #PRISON You are an #UnhingedLunatic
@tom_trotts -Good riddance Flake (and flake you are). Can you get another Republican senator to join you?
#WeThePeople #GreatAwakening....this is what the people want to happen and see...
He 's toxic?  Have you looked in the mirror lately???
Great to see that 45 STILL UNDER INVESTIGATION! Bet it includes RUSSIA! $ LAUNDERING! MAFIA! EMBEZZLEMENT! ALLEGED RAPE/PEDO!  FRAUD! TOXIC!
PLEASE#impeachTrumpNow
Kelli Ward 4 Senator in AZ...Luther Strange 4 Senator in AL. Pls support these 2 candidates who support your agenda @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Those of us from Alabama & Arizona have this one opportunity to get it right and support    @POTUS agenda..5 minutes of your time. VOTE PPL!
Mental illness at its peak!
The whole incumbent senate team from AZ needs to go.
one is basically gone, flake will be gone
Small mind, no moral character! You have no right to call anyone toxic.  You are poison to the nation!  #Trumpnazi
-I'haven't  ready about any American president like this man-cruel, mean-spirited-divisive and angry running GREATNation
I always lol when @potus calls someone else toxic lol 
Everyone who calls Trump what he really is is "Toxic".
Truth @JeffFlake is a low life lying corrupt rino. If u don't want to live like EU vote for Kelli. He'll sell u out for donors every time.
A lot of them are toxic. Most of the left!
Toxic. That is a great word to describe #TheDonald. Thank you. I am adopting #TheToxicDonald
You are toxic.  #TrumpResign #ImpeachTrump
YOURE RIGHT!! Keep up the good work @POTUS WE LOVE YOU! If you need an affection FIX, come to TULSA!!!!
@POTUS pls endorse @kelliwardaz @ #PhoenixRally tomorrow. #WethePeople choose #KelliWard 4 AZ! #MAGA #MAZGA
She's a delusional whack job who has wasted tax payer money investigating her conspiracy theories. Kind of like you, 
And who would know 'weak' better than you?#lyingschmuck
For the record, Jeff Flake officially flaked out of the Senate today. 
Jeff Flake could pass for a Kennedy. At least w/a Kennedy...you know they are liberals.
Wow look at all of the fake accounts attacking POTUS! Nice work @jack  we know how twitter manipulates our President ‘s posts! 
Let's help get the word out folks. ;-) #MAGA
you think you are better than anyone ..Frankly you are embarrassment to country and you suck!!


You are the freaking President... when do you turn the other cheek and stop being so petty ?!?
Anyone who is not for your agenda needs to be voted out!
Have some class man! Pull yourself together. Might want to consider some real press briefings, and stop child-like tweeting
if that isn't the pot calling
The kettle black I don't know is what it. You are toxic.
U have sum nerve to name call as a Pres just shows yr character flaws & weakness
So that's TWO black congress members you've attacked today! Shame!
What's up bully? Melania didn't start her fight against bullying. She sure is a slow one
Absolutely Sir!
@JeffFlake is for open borders, low wages, NAFTA, TPP, and against Americans. @kelliwardaz is all in for #MAGA
He's toxic?! Look in the mirror and you will see the poster child for all things toxic.
KKK. You're toxic.  
#Russia
Aww, look. The little bully is making fun of people's names.  @MELANIATRUMP must have given up on her cyberbullying campaign. Shame on you!
Well-aged tweet!
The USA needs NEW people running in 2018 for all seats! senate, house, state legislators-career politicians need to go home!
Dude did you forget to take your medicine?  You might not want to be so fast on repealing and replacing obamacare. #givedonaldhismeds
Currently, all toxicity flows from you.
@JeffFlake has more morals & principles than you'll ever have. He puts his country before his party. You could learn a thing or 2 from him.
Such a lack of dignity. Always lashing out!
The Flake - another character in your middle school fantasy, president Snoopy. Brain teaser:  ONE of you is toxic. Can you say which one?
#juvenilebehaviour
We just heard his concession speech. It was WEAK as well. #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
Your epithets are getting less creative.
@kelliwardaz is for real!  Have met her, and discussed issues!  She is smart, focused, has family support, knows the issues and WILL WORK HARD!
444 days my fellow patriots! The day we back our President w/ our DrainTheSwamp Senate votes! Nov 2018hold on help is on the way!!MAGA RT
Obama's hair gets greyer everyday listening to this nut job.
NOBODY CAME TO YOUR INAUGURATION 
#SAD
Says Chump Donald Trump, who is WEAK on integrity, civil behaviour and a non-factor in governing. You’re toxic!
Jeff Flake is a real man with actual intelligence and morals, unlike the current occupant of the White House. DJT is toxic to everything.
Yes, he is and so is Linsey Graham and Jon Mc Cain.
Excuse me? Everything you say and have said in the past is what you are! Who are you to judge anyone ! FAKE 45th!
He is part of resistance.  A jerk just like McCain
A five years old has better vocabulary than you

lol
Fake president vile liar treason 45- you should ask your boss president steve bannon about this
Why the ppl of AZ didn't choose her in her primary challenge  against McCain is beyond me. She's a True Conservative.
Go Kelli go!!!
The irony of your calling anyone toxic is unbelievable.
ur an idiot
Best President
Jeff Flake is a Rino DemonRat!  He's not a republican!
Arizona, dont be Flakey, vote for Dr. Ward!!!
Thank you Potus
A toxic snow Flake!
I love my potus!please tone down on bad sen.-we still need their vote to get bills passed!we have your back always!
LOCK HER UP AND LET JUSTICE PREVAIL!!!!!
In other words, he's a flake.
BLa, bla, bla, bla.
America elected a dude for POTUS that never actually got past puberty
I think to say he's *toxic is actually redundant based o  all the preceding info. But emphasis is great!
I voted once for Kelli Ward. I'll vote for her again given the chance. Especially if it means getting rid of Flake the Fake.
I on to you can the day of end job at the a get  can you wlittle a t you
There's a lot of ignorant liberals that just do not have the sense to know how great of a President you are!
Fake Jeff Flake, 2 faces. People now are smarter than yesterday Our @POTUS  & @VP  R #drainingtheswamp  & thinking ahead. #intelligence
Jeff Flake is not cooperating with the President we elected. I'll be voting for Dr. Ward!!!
#DrainTheSwamp @POTUS
IMPEACHMENT COMING SOON

YOU are toxic D0UCHEBAG TRUMP!
@RaySr1946 USMC
Go Dr Kelli Ward.  I wish I was back in Arizona to vote for her. Arizonians drain the swamo!
You're a flake and the biggest fake -- fake president -- fake president -- fake president -- fake president ...
YOU. LITERALLY. DEFENDED. NAZIS.
YOU. LITERALLY. DEFENDED. NAZIS.
YOU. LITERALLY. DEFENDED. NAZIS.
YOU. LITERALLY. DEFENDED. NAZIS.
McCain is his mentor. Both very bad for America.
#realpeople in America say you are the toxic one, Donald J. Trump.
Impeach yourself
McCain is also toxic - to Arizona, this administration, and America. We deserve better! #MAGA
Praise God for you!
And shes pretty too, sir!
Are 8 years old? No world leader calls out others in any public forum.  You're a child. Who are you going to call Poopypants?  #ImpeachTrump
Dems hv d #curse of GOD on them & we hv a #CivilWar w/Repubs cuz U hv d right 2 support whomever 4 US Senate I'm glad 2 hv #HolySpirit
