Lmfao you actually have to read it off a paper so your poor English doesn't show 
Teachers of the year from all 50 states at the white house!
Okay
Oh please! Honoring teachers while cutting school funds? Anyone appreciate irony??
I suppose..
A great great honor to welcome &amp; recognize the National Teacher of the Year, as well as the Teacher of the Year fro…...
A great teacher show knew to welcome and dress and shine a light, yet a bell dismisses a stated right.
sb
Thank God am not a teacher I would kill myself to accept trump Honoring bullshits
President Trump the democrats are the stupidest people on earth. They blame you for everything and we know you had nothing to do with Russa
While there teach him some grammar, manners (he is a bully you all know), history and geography (just point the places in the map for him).
Did one of those teachers bring you a dictionary or thesaurus?
Interesting that, as far as I know, not one of those teachers supported DeVos for Secretary of Education.
Equally interesting that DeVos isn't there with those teachers...
Why don't you recognize teachers by supporting the department of education? #uniteamerica
Because it's an inflated excessive and needless bears racy?!
I hate spell checker
This is amazing. Thanks2u &Team there's hope for our children's future. Now to let #Resist Folks know that their sabotage attempts failed...
good luck!
Can you help my sister please?
You already sent this our last month!
And yet you are hell-bent on destroying our education system. You are such a hypocrite. Please resign before you do any more damage.
Did any of them teach u to spell your first word LOL
REAL teachers don't like or trust you!!
L 'll
That's where it starts is with good teachers!
Maybe they can teach you US History and World Politics?
There have never been so many people in the Oval Office in the last 110 days ever
You couldn't have at least stood up to present the award?
Getting some much needed history lessons???
lol the worst person for education is congratulating educators
pls have d TABLE ofMUTIPLICATION b MEMORIZED MANDATORY in GRADE2 A SHAME I FOUNDOUT SO MANY EVEN OLDER STUDENTS DON'T KNOW?
@sardanarohit @PMOIndia @myogiadityanath In World All RTruly Great &Deserve Highest HonourExcept 4r Devil-Religion Islam
Yes you should hurry before teachers are extinct because of your policies
Pls haveD TABLE MULTIPLICATION MEMORIZED very STRICTLY AM ASKING even14 yrOld 4×8 CAN"T ANSWER?Even a TEACHER"Sdaughter"s?
yes, and you were so damn rude you couldn't even stand up to present her the award
@sardanarohit Hon'ble President URTruly A Great Person As  UHave GreatHonour For"Teachers.&"Teachers RD BuildetsOf DNation"
but Melania did allow the guests to sing "Happy Birthday" to her!  What a hostess!  SAD!
POTUS sat on his ass the whole time, and Melania, who arranged the presentation, hastily made preparations,
Family of the honorees weren't even allowed to watch the presentation. They described the way they were treated as a disgrace.
not even one black?
They're all white
Shameless you post this as your secretary of education wants to got public education! Which is America's greatest achievement!
Why can't  president  Trump have navy seals go to take the 3 shields out of North Korea
PLEASE END COMMON CORE. Common core has made my life miserable
Shocking you can spell.
You know they hate you and public education killer Betsy #mercer #presidentbannon
we honour you too Mr president
WATCH YOUR FANNY'S LADIES..  TRUMPS ABOUT
FYI: they hate you.
Soon kids who aren't rich will have worse education bc who you put in charge of DOE.  If you truly honor teachers make one of them leader.
You should be standing with them!
Oh please. Don't pretend to care about teachers. And why are you seated. Stand up and stop being a slouch. Honor them standing.
That was nice, any reason why don't you stand up?
Spend a lot of time talking with the American and World History teachers
Do you think he might even stand up and offer congrats!  Of course not because it's about him.
Thanks for showing respect to teachers and save humanity cordial relationship between countries  natural sources  of terrorism &  world war
Well while you have them there, perhaps you could have them teach you a thing or two? Like everything an actual, adult president should know
Perhaps these teachers could teach you some American history which you obviously failed in school.  Money can't buy you a brain.
Great ceremony! Do you have enough monies to pay these people next month?
Run-on sentences again. Good grief.
im not impressed with our teachers anymore and the crap they've been indoctrinating our kids with! we need to re-do educ system!~
Such another great day that is!
Having an Education Secretary who has not set foot in a public classroom to teach is an embarrassment to the teachers there, and our country
Please forgive teacher student loan debt- working to pay loans- very stressful
Too bad most of them hate you.
Did you grab their pussy???
you cared for teachers. That's cool.
I don't think they were honoured by your appointment of unqualified #BetsyDeVos  as Education Secretary.
Must have had a hard time not grabbing!
I wonder how many were paid off to smile and stand there, seeing as your the most hated president of the USA in a long time
@brunelldonald we should only honor and raise pay (even hiring) to teachers who CARE about teaching and not indoctrination
...Then why wasn't the NTOY invited to speak?
Donald has never worked a day in his life. He feeds off of the stupid white Racist base.
How many were sickened by the sight of you.  MOST.
#fakepresident For somebody who just screwed every PUBLIC school & child in America, maybe the teachers could tutor you? #PutinsPuppet
Ugh the irony.
just before you boot them out.....nice
My cousin was there... she said most did not want to attend this photo shoot. Many found @realDonaldTrump very creepy.
All of these amazing teachers deserve better than a man child falsely thanking them for something he doesn't value, #education
What Hypocrisy!  As you dismantle the Education Department!
They are real educators. Not the dope you named secretary of education who can't find the pencils.
Pres. Trump, keep up the great work!
We need teachers with recent knowledge of what is going on in our classrooms and help fix what is broken with education.
Yet you appoint a shameful evil thing Devos to run our educational system!!!! Shameful, disgusting!
Where is the damn wall you promised
It is quite amazing and motivating  to see facilitators surround and cheer with the World Leader.
I am the enemy.
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @NPR
what do you know yur father paid yur way though school.u were a low c student at best.Stop lying we can see right though u

It's a shame they never taught YOU anything.....but you have to have a BRAIN in order to learn.
My God Donny... Please get a clue. Join the rest of us in the land of reality.
Why are all the male teachers pushed toward the back?
Go on a diet America.
I wonder if he can figure out how many teachers that is.
How many of them will still have jobs if funding is gone.  DeVos will kill our public educ system instead of improving it & that's on you.
Would it have killed you to get off your ass when you gave your little speech?  Show some respect!
yes that's how you do it, look at who you picked for education secretary
Are they going to teach Betsy DeVos how to read and think?
Bet you never met a public school teacher before.
As an educator for special needs students I have to say your speech was an embarrassment to all of us. You couldn't care less about my kids.
Where's Betsy?!
Your behavior was completely boorish. You disrespected teachers and their families for a f*!@$! photo op. No class! [SAD!]
Your yuuuge ego wouldn't even let the teacher of the year speak. Loser!
@gwoodkratzer  Just Wow!
Ι love you SO MUCH @realDonaldTrump
Your "ceremony"was total bullshit, disrespectful and deplorable. Looking forward to the indictments and seeing you in jail. @BetsyDeVos
wow; must've been awkward ... with your IQ of 2 feeling so inferior.
Our nation needs to quickly learn how to attract and retain top teachers in order to best educate our children.
Why are you seated while those dedicated professionals at the top of their field standing? You won't even stand to present an award? Loser
These teachers have better manners than the so called president.  SHAME ON YOU
So rude to these teachers. you have dissed the education school & threaten the basic underpinnings of the public school system. SHAME ON YOU
KEEP FUNDING with PUBLIC SCHOOLS.KEEP PUBLIC SCHOOL TEACHERS JOBS
did you tell them about your greatest win ever & the hugest inauguration crowd 
Big Thumbs up To M Teachers
Looks Like Many Teachers Thumbs Up Kids Are Taken Care of Just Right
This was a disgrace! These amazing people deserved so much better from you. What an insult! You should be ashamed.
Your predecessors did a much better job at honoring them. This is pathetic. They deserved better.
I knew you didn't truly respect teachers. You don't know how to honor anyone but your kids. Oh,&. You honor. SAD!
Trump mismanages the Teachers of the Year. How hard could it be? Why does he only want photos in oval? http://wapo.st/2oSCd5w 
You don't give a damn about education.
Your poor planning and irreverent treatment of these fine teachers is inexcusable!#presidentneedsalessonplan
Mostly women, so you can keep the pay for teacher low, but now with @BetsyDeVos we can carry guns in schools for the BEARS!  Thx for zero
Huh? You appointed an unqualified woman to head education and now you claim to honor teachers? Bad. Terrible. Horrible.
Too bad you didn't honor them with your Ed secretary pick.
I am a teacher and public education has been slowly eroded by congress and our 'leaders'. Sad
You appointed Vicious DeVos (@BetsyDeVosED ) a champion of Vicious Christian bullying in school. Now, she is crucifying our kids w/Student
Loans. Hear is what bullies like you do, you inspire Vicious Bible Belt Republican Evangelical Children to torture and torment.
Now guess who the Bible Belt Republican Mobile Semmes Middle School SUSPENDED. Right, the victim Drew Breton, just the way Trump likes it
1 day not to long from now Education will get this incredible facelift,that will smoothin' out all of the wrinkles of debt & more @tomhanks
we get it Don.. if you do it   Good.  If Obama did it  Bad. Pity fake news doest understand how double standards work
Donald Trump is very dishonest. He does not care for the education of young people.
Vdiyghgbczㅇ
I assure you they weren't honored to be there with you!!
Why did you put that awful women in charge of our children's education, yes we wanted change but we did not want system gutted & abandoned
A great honor would be for my government to take care of its vets so they don't lose hope like mine did today.
Another one of my brothers took his own life today. #ithastostop
Oh, screw you Trump. We all know you don't give a half a shit about teachers. Spoiler alert: we're on to you.
Where is betsy? I am sure they are all disapointed by your choice of her
@InduMalik5
Please help Devos to understand what a teacher is; might make the celebration go smoother!
As you simultaneously move to destroy public schools. #Sad
First time @BetsyDeVosED has been in a room with teachers since she graduated.
Yet, you and DeVoss want to rip the country's education system to shreds.  Hypocrite.
Inviting all of these people to the White House does exactly what? Boost your ego & prove how important your lonely is.
Nice gesture, My mom was a teacher.  Please truly honor all teachers and help them all make a better salary, a plaque doesnt pay the bills.
