de nada te va a servir poner el muro @realDonaldTrump
He is toobee personalized.
Suffered a conference?
#PeaceOfficersMemorialDay and #PoliceWeek Proclamation: https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/05/15/president-donald-j-trump-proclaims-may-15-2017-peace-officers-memorial … ...
Prez ignore all those ignorant liberals. If they don't like you or this country I say they should get the he'll out. Maybe they wo
How was campaigning?
How was a quorum in congress?
Prez. Ignore all those ignorant liberals. If they don't l
i like ur frank talk..am like u Don
He is toobee disunity.
How was the briefing?
@WhiteHouse @KellyannePolls @StephenBannon @seanspicer @VP @mike_pence @SHSanders45 @FLOTUS @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump #MAGA
Every country needs a strong, honest, incorruptible, well paid, understanding, happy Police Force. It is the anchor of any great society.
PRESIDENT TRUMP HONORS OUR POLICE  OBAMA HONORED SEXUAL PERVERSIONS.
N face of enemy lies, & threats, tighten yr belt of truth,raise shield of faith&hold ground.Refuse to be bullied.Look to Jesus.
don't worry about all the negative comments Mr Trump, it's just liberals who are still pissed that HRC lost.
Wrong, Hillary didn't lose... America did.
America would have lost with HRC in the WH.  She sold her agenda to the highest bidder if elected.
You need trust worthy people around you..Get some loyal people that r trust worthy around you..
Support the police! Including the FBI.
Happy Birthday Mr. President@realDonaldTrump
Thank you for standing with those who stand on the thin blue line of law enforcement to protect our very way of life in America. #PoliceWeek
you have carrot skin and your hair is a mop
Yes do keep them on your side trumpie... You've made a lot of enemies... I sincerley feel sorry for your family and your country
hi! M'y president May god help you, i'm very like you
Excellent
Light up the WH in Red/White/Blue on July 4th for America - Obama wouldn't do it
La terre nous concernes tous pour nos enfants
Intel leaks from the "president"?! 
You are so easily manipulated. 
You should be ashamed of yourself. 
No on likes you. 
STEP DOWN!
You are ruining the entire world. Resign. You're not qualified for anything, especially not being out president. Go spend Daddy's money.
Until do?
Until wait?
“Donald Trump is not fit to be president of the United States." -Germany

Time to resign Dumb Donald
Pull completely  out of Paris Climate accord.
@RealAlexJones  @DrStevenGreer @RogerJStoneJr @ #RemoteHumanExperimentationKillingMurderingWomen for #NanoEngineeredMorgellons
Watch in u d.c. the lights are suppose to be free
Dc get It! Electricity
Thanks for supporting the peace officers of America
These people act like they have no manners. Stay strong
Lookin' pretty good Mr. President . I love you
Rico


You are such a moron you didn't know isreal is in the middle East go back to kindergarten
BEAUTIFUL !!!   And PoliceWeek was wonderful, too !!!
Thank you for the peace officers proclamation. Now how about proclaiming an 'innocents shot by peace officers' memorial.
Only time Obummer put colored lights on the WH was for gays and lesbians.  Guess its true, he hates average Americans.
If you want to honor law enforcement you will pardon Sheriff Joe Arpaio 
and show the law enforcement community you have their back.
Go and have a war in you own country.  Becaurse thats where you american  people are good  in..and  i hope the INDIAN people  win..F.Y.
يا غبى يا اهبل يا حمار يا جحش
Thank You for your show of Support!

Awesome. I love it.
I hope you plan on beating the hell out of N Korea!! It's been needed, and from what I believe, you will be the one who actually does it!

Refreshing
So happy we no longer have a terrorist in the White House!!!! Christian that respects American values......I love you Trump!!!!
Democrats are such sore losers!
If Donald is friends with Russia no wonder he is against NATO
Theres the handcuffs for your tiny and wet hands buddy
Thank you, Mr. President, for this wonderful display of support!
Can't believe the amount of #fakenews in these replies. #idiots #theleftcantmeme damn #libtards and their poor fact checking.
These classless idiots like @kim or @AynRandPaulRyan spouting clueless rhetoric. Sharing info about our enemy to our ally is a smart move.
WONDERFUL !!!!! THANK YOU MR. PRESIDENT !!!!
Thank you to all of our Policemen. God bless them and keep them safe.
Amen
We don't like you! And Alec Baldwin does a better impersonation than you!
Way to go, Mr. President!  Thank you for upholding the hard work of those who serve to protect us.
terrific speech.
Thank you President Trump for bringing respect & honor back to our Law Enforcement Agencies in this country! #LivePD #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Very nice acknowledgement.
Love it!
Holly O'reilly you apparently have no life, a small mind AND you're ignorant and gullible. More FAKE NEWS!
Thank you, sir, for recognizing our police officers, who put their lives on the line daily.
Montana lost a Deputy Sheriff .Deputy Mason Moore was killed in the line of duty. The Moore family could use some Presidential support.
another good valid reason to light up the white house in a different color!
You guys can all stop speaking the God business.  there is no God in this mess.. and the spiritual leaders who are supporting you?
Good night everyone, it is draining to have to beg for "equality and fair treatment".  This is all wrong.
This feel likes a very racist society again and it's frightening.  Something has going really wrong in society.  None of this is fair.
There appears to be no unity, commodity, love, caring for all people.  You are creating more division around the nation. This is frightening
Sorry, but you don't seem Cut out for the job.  You are not President material, because you are not fair, and for all people.
This supremacy business is not going to get you anywhere. Look what is going on.. thought you were okay when in LV?
All this drama going on and you haven't once stood up to the bad officers who are intentional killing black youth and people.
Donald Trump, we are questioning your integrity and motives now. Our kids been harmed, murdered and mistreated unfairly.  You doing nothing?
Donald Trump, have you showed up to our day.  Blacks are being killed in numbers. Are you only some peoples President?
The vile Democrat hate of trump reminds me of how Jesus was hated too
Ty, my dad, uncle and son was honored.
NY Assembly voted NO 2 Stephen's Law 10/16 NY State Senate Voted Yes 5/16, waited 4 summer session & DEMS voted NO #guilliani knows me HELP!
My son Drew became a Peace Officer. Dropped out of college when my son Stephen was murdered & his killer walked. NY 511 laws suck TY DEMS 4
Beautiful 
Thank you for doing this!
u r playing a dangerous game
To much (AIDS) in this - Build -the White House lv Dr Wanda PRNF Muhammad 
God bless Donald J Trump
#MillionTrumpMarch
God Bless!your service  to this great country: )
finally a president who sees the country for the way its become and has identified the changes needed for success.
Don't think I ever saw President Obama light the White House blue.....sad....
Hey firing the FB I director is sure a F'd up way to show your gratitude. You really need mental health help Donald Trump.

k
Thank you for showing respect for.Our Law Enforcement Officers. Especially after the previous administration treated.them so terribly
刚回到家就惦记你你觉得亟待解决吃嘛嘛香可斜挎
http://m.me/CosaNosaHitt 
Bless the rule of law, which Democrats do not respect.
Thanks for your support by cutting programs that help women and children of domestic violence.  We see you Cheeto McTweet
Want Obamacare repealed & replaced then Make it mandatory for  House and Senate to go on it. Take away government health insurance & watch
djt putin warlock's or witches? djt started with it's a witch hunt! So he thinks warlock's R witch's DUMBASS Ask the Grand wizard sessions!!
THE WHITIE WHITE'S KKK NEO NAZIS GOP USSR putin djt, THEY ALL WANT A RACE WAR! I'LL B FIGHTING, THEM AND ALL OTHER SLAVE OWNER WANNA B'S!BCH
REALLY djt! WHAT ABOUT THE INNOCENT CITIZENS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA THAT WERE SHOT DEAD BY SOME POLICE? WHERE'S THIER MEMORIAL?BCH!
It doesn't look good for you DONALD
No one knows what was given except the men in the room who said nothing was given
Great tribute
Great thing to do! They really need our appreciation for all the hard work & personal risks they take to keep the public safe & law abiding!
you and your family r wonderful. Help the poor help themselves. Please always b led by the Holy Spirit.

It's about time that we honor our police officers!
Beautiful
Something obama never did
Thank you for supporting law enforcement!
I'm pretty sure Trump has a score board on his wall in the Oval as to how and who is doing the killing.
It's time Rep fight bk. Hannity put out this number WH hotline. 202-456-1111 Let Pres Trump know U have his bk
Thanks officers for your 24/7 commitment.And we must never forget those who have made the ultimate sacrifice to preserve the peace. Godspeed
Getting more confused
sure looks better than the rainbow disgusting thing Barry did.
Thank you for recognizing some very important people in this country.
Holly O'Reilly is FULL OF FAKE NEWS and UNINFORMED!!!!
@POTUS We have your back,  we will continue to support and fight for our President.
I So admire Him.
Unfortunately your uninformed,  the President can de classify info and pass along, just like your libtard decided  do before he left office
Now’s the time for GOP to pass your agenda as media only reports Fake Russia Collusion Claims that forces me to turn to other channels-dull
Thankful for our wonderful @POTUS who respects and honors our police force who serves US to keep us safe! Thank you MAGA!

So wonderful
love you and the White House

NEW POLL BREAKING NEWS DJ. TRUMP'S APPROVAL RATING IS HYPE OVER LOADED BY 72% While Fake CNN News Poll is Very Low Approval rating by 28% 

NEW POLL BREAKING NEWS DJ. TRUMP'S APPROVAL RATING IS HYPE OVER LOADED BY 72% While Fake CNN News Poll is Very Low Approval rating by 28% 
I just stood outside the WHITEHOUSE last Saturday for the first time.  It was beautiful, majestic, and made me feel so proud!
Beautiful tribute. Amen.

http://strangworlds.supergallerystream.me/us-army-3 
I preferred this proclamation: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-fNBOpJMtI … #TerenceCrutcher
