#SICK&TIRED:  ALL PARTIES: To participate in all sessions, be a voice on critical Issues, achieve campaign promises? Where's democrats????
Oh just shut up already ugh
You know we habe CSPAN and watch the Congress debate and dems kept, and keep offering to be a part of the process. But GOP blocks
their true motive is to derail progress of repealing Obamacare.  Dems are evil & care nothing about America.
Or actually have the same opportunity as the GOP to debate, and amend as tgey did with ACA
Yes Mr President this Obstruction is Anti-American..time to Deport these Traitors??? Thanks a Million for All that your doing for us!
you know what's funny and also telling. all the millions of people who actually think you give a damn about them 
It is easy to be a Democrat just promise everything for free and pit people who disagree as bad people your being played.
With ZERO Democrats to help, and a failed, expensive and dangerous ObamaCare as the Dems legacy, the Republican Senators...
I didn't vote for you and I've been praying since January 20 that you will go back to NY posthaste.
Sounds like karma!No GOP helped and Obama was still able to get it done, unlike you.
Yet with the majority in the House and Senate, you still cannot pass the bill. So pathetic
McConnell, McCain, Rubio, Ryan and the established Repubs are obstructionists and we are mad as hell
Do you really think that people just automatically believe you anymore? You just lie about everything. What a waste of time. #FlubberButt
Yeah, and we can see how HARD you are trying to extend the olive branch and work with them. You are the WORST president in history! #resign
The Democrats do not want to be part of KILLING 1000's, &lining the pockets of all your buds. You're a promise breaker&liar #dontcutmedicare
Donnie. Nothing you say is truth. Nothing you say is important. Can't wait for you to leave office -- leave America in one piece.
Let's do this!
Why not fix the AHCA...seems to me youll get support from those Dems u criticize so much, its makes me sick to the stomach wit that nonsense
@POTUS @SenateMajLdr Working hard to take healthcare from millions & reward rich elitists. Thank you @SenSchumer & @SenGillibrand #Resist
Republicans DID NOT ask for help they LOCKED the doors. JACKASS
Please give me the names of the Republican Senators who are working hard.  I want to get them participation trophies.
Get er done
You realize this didnt pass bc even your republican senators realized this stunk worse than your KFC dumps
I have stage 4 cancer. Obamacare is keeping me alive. Why do you want 22 million Americans to lose their healthcare?
Let's demand to see their healthcare policy, after all they work for US!!! We should have the same or better!
I don't think that's exactly the situation .
He is a novel idea why don't you get the republican appeal the democratically in the office together An work United. Just saying.
My God, does any honest word come out of your mouth
Single payer now.
If they passed your bill most would be out of a job next term, what does that say about your ability to... well... do anything correct
Because the DEMOCRATS HAVE HEART NOT TO TAKE AWAY HEALTH CARE. 
UNLIKE @HouseGOP WORKING HARD TO TAKE IT AWAY ..
thats some good news
working hard on how to fuck over americans
Just let us known when y'all have grown up enough to do #SinglePayer , like a serious nation. #RyanCare #SenateCare
Working hard to convince many in their party that screwing over America is a good idea. Hence #AHCA is tabled. #MAGA #DonTheCon #LiarInChief
You need to work with them not against them
everything with your name on it fails
Andy and obama didn't let the republicans in either it was secretly done
Fake news
Quit being a CRY BABY!  You lost.. again!  When are you going to start winning??  I never get tired seeing you Lose, lose & lose some more!
You could not explain health care if your life depended on it so why not just keep your twitter thoughts in that troubled mind
Until 5 days ago, NO ONE HAD SEEN THE BILL. 
Dems have been BEGGING to cooperate. 
This is fake news.
You are a fake POTUS.
Trump, you are truly ridiculous.
Bordering on pathetic.
If you are still supporting Trump after all of the lies, the obfuscation, the treachery, you might be in a cult. 
Seek help.
(Seriously.)
Meanwhile, in Canada, at a Pride Parade over the weekend, this is what a real leader did.
You mean attend a gay pride event wearing ramadan socks? The people who celebrate ramadan kill gays.
How did Democrats obstruct? It was a Republican majority in house and senate. Repubs DID obstruct our elected Pres from SC pick though.
You developed your TERRIBLE healthcare plan in secret. Democrats asked to play a role and YOU REFUSED. SHUT THEM OUT.

TELL THE WHOLE STORY.
Huh, earth to Dickie .. Go read a book , or better still , stop drinking the KoolAid dude 
I don't recall anyone allowing the democrats to participate.
YOUR REPUBLICAN SENATOR GOOD OLE BOYS LOCKED THEMSELVES BEHIND CLOSED DOORS AND SHUT OUT DEMS.  TELL THE TRUTH FOR ONCE IN YOUR LIFE!
GOOD OBAMA  CARE DESTROYED  BY THE REPUBLICANS FROM GREED.WORKING HARD TO KILL MANY PEOPLE.OBAMA GOT NO SUPPORT FROM REPUBLICANS ON ANYTHING
they better not help either ! you are attacking disabled, seniors, children and even disabled veterans. enough said
Working hard... by delaying the vote...?
It is a fact that GOP healthcare is really a tax cut for wealthy so thank god dems and some republicans have the decency to say no
Thank you for holding them accountable to their words!!
If you had any balls you'd admit YOU NEVER HAD A PLAN FOR ANY OF THIS! You said your fix would be "EASY.." Yeah, right...We know you lied!
Other countries are laughing at us, electing you it has a president
Merica
#FakePOTUS
@DHogs13 They should work harder.They had years to prepare 4 REPEAL&REPLACE. Get on board already& bring it 2 a passingVOTE
You love keeping Obama name in your mouth just do your damn job and leave my president alone. My president is obama let see you do 8 years
trump
Sweetie you hung fake covers of yourself in your golf clubs! WTF!?
You and Hollywood pals need to shut up and stay out of politics and quit shoving your agenda on the American people we are sick of it
Dems were locked out. So were all but 13 Reps. No women. America isn't buying what you're selling. This isn't a shoddy real estate deal.
Have you ever physically worked?
REpublinazis commited treason all legislation should be reversed.
Hey big d how long have you been this stupid...please don't project your stupidity on the rest of us
Chuck Schumer reach out to you today you can fix the ACA and be a hero if you go bipartisan
Dangerous???  Really???  All you want out of your bill is tax breaks for the rich.  We can see you.
Again, BULLSHIT. You've never worked hard at anything.
Now you have an idea of what President Obama put up with from some Republicans in his cabinet.  Just do the job better.
#Dems want 2 help @SenateMajLdr @senategop closes the door! Success is a team effort not 2 b 1sided when it affects all citizens! #nobrainer
The only thing failing and dangerous is you trump. Do the country a favor and resign.
Please open up the markets across state line
Working hard to screw working folks!  Down with the republican big business machine!!
Nice, God Speed Mr President
Bipartisan....no Democrats were included in the private meetings. Many Republicans don't support it either. You are not a dictator - yet!!
We see that President Trump, we see that you are trying your best to rid of of Hitlercare before the subsidies kick in, it's not your fault.
Why don't you invite Democrats to help fix the mess you and the Republicans created!?!?!
How would they be able to help since they have been completely shut out of the process?
Yup! Working Hard To Screw Us Over! And If You Trust Them Their Gonna Screw You Over! Repeal! Not Replace! Or Rand Paul's Plan Is Better!
POTUS 
You have the majority. Why do you need Democrats and Independents?
You're too sad.
Too bad you can't just scrape Obamacare and go to the free market?
have u no common decency? Taking health insurance from the poor, giving tax reductions for the rich? What is wrong with u?
Imagine you having to work with a Democratic majority. It is hypothetical, but, just imagine.
It must be exhausting trying to screw millions of people at one time.
Liar! All of America knows Dems were not allowed to see bill. Anyone who believes this lie, is clueless to truth. Your not fit to lead us
You and the rest of GOP have never worked a day in your lives + ACA didn't fail, you #SleazyShitweazles sabotaged it. #LyingMutherfucker
Working hard to line the pockets of the rich and kill the poor.
Fix it whst is wrong with u oh wait u are a arrogant simple minded person
You should rather use the Republican Senator's to start building your wall.
You know what's a bigger wreck than Obama care? Your Presidency! You're a low life human waste!
Talk to McConnell.
Wq
Do you ever stop lying and blaming others for your major screw ups!  You want to stop caring for our most vunerable!  You r disgusting!
#resist trump doesn't care about the american people, he only cares about $$$$$
#AlternativeFacts Hard to help when it's written IN SECRET #Duh #LeavenworthBound #Dementia #PresidentBannon #PutinsCockHolster #Liar
#ITMFA
Can't believe he is so stupid as to believe that.
Hahahahahahahahaahahahahhhahahahahahahah...oh man this is great.
You forgot at doing NOTHING!
Just like 0 GOP members helped dems with the aca!  Would be GREAT if ALL politicians would quit posturing and actually start governing!!!!!
Working hard to hurt the poor an line their pockets
Fait attention au lobby
Trump acknowledges Dems didn't contribute to bill they were shut out of contributing to. Next up, Trump admits he knows nothing about bill.
Hey Trump your words #healthcare for all#lower cost for all#will not touch Medicaid#Big Fat Liar#all on video#liar
How about working on a bill that doesn't strip 22 million people's insurance, Mr. President?  Might have started by inviting Democrats, too.
Losers!
Gotta love the haters Mr. President!
Thank you for working for the people.
LIES!!! GOP wouldn't let Dems help write bill. They did it secretly cuz they knew it was .
I realize you are specially challenged but you have 52 Republicans to force through your abomination #TrumpDontCare #Math
Thank you!
Thank you! I can not afford the $500.00 insurance that is supposed to be so affordable under Obamacare.
I pay for health care,the poor and less fortune can"t when i was hungry you did not feed me, when I was in prison you did not see about me
So hard that most (all but 5) are not voting for it. Fake news sir, everything you say is fake news.
You do realize, don't you, that the GOP Senators working on the plan are doing so in secret, right? Dems have said they'd like input, but no
I know they are, keep up the good work!
Fuck!China no.1
If you only invited rep senators to discuss, how would you know no dems will help?? Reach out!
Working hard to screw the middle class, poor, elderly, and children. Fix Obamacare - don't trash it. Build on it.
And what about you? Working hard is not what you do.
You have an existing problem with your mental health better go check it out before Obama care is repealed or it won't be covered after that

How could the Dems help out with Killyoucare when the Party of No had secret meetings?
Working hard at screwing us over.
Republicans are soulless... they worship at the altar of GREED.....a DEADLY sin btw...
Dems are not going to help you kill Americans .,that is just a ridiculous statement.
Man you're really raw & stupid with everything you do.  I wonder if your base likes what you said about Mika. You don't belong in the WH.
Praying for your strength, continued boldness (Tweet on PLEASE) Thanking God everyday for you sir!
Tax cuts have no place in a healthcare bill.  Remove the tax cuts and GOP and DEMS could work together.
This is true. Zero Democrats will help Relublicans with their tax cut plan. Let's all remember that!
Let's not forget 13 of them drafted a bill in secret- expected a vote without debate, amendments, or public feedback. #thisisnotdemocracy
You shut the Democrats out on purpose. Now WORK WITH THEM. Democrats want to help you solve Obamacare so let them.
Republicans have shut Dems out or don't U pay attention 2 what is going on? Health committee not allowed to have hearings, unconscionable
Adam Best, seriously? Claire McCaskill a moderate!!! What world are you living in. She is about as liberal as Hillary Clinton!!!
if you care to be elected once more, let all people like you, and know you think for them not just for yourself
A work in progress to straighten out the imploding ACA will not accomplish what America requires if built on the crumbling ACA foundation...
your ability to unite instead of divide is jaw-dropping. #sarcasm #notacompliment
Republicans control House/Senate/White House and a 5-4 majority on the SC.  The great Donald can't get it passed even holding all the cards?
You suck as President! When is this nightmare is over?
I bet you are working hard.  
It's not easy to convince (even) Republicans your nocare health plan is a win.
Shake up the system, drain the swamp, no medicare/medicaid cuts, you know. like you promised

Shouldn't zero Dem support say something about your plan?
Let's see you do better!
It's only failed, expensive and dangerous because nobody wants to work together to fix it.
It won't be the Dems problem if the Republicans fail to act
They need to or you or them will not be there next term
Seriously,For starters come up with something actually better that your own party can agree on!
Only thing dangerous is you being in the WH, the ACA is 1 of the best things 4 the American ppl.R's wants  devastate the ppl!
Does that mean you would welcome help from the Democrats and an open review system?
Let's hope they determine it's more important for them to complete their jobs before vacation.
ZERO Democrats? Don't twist it asshole. GOP drafted their version behind close doors. No debate no welcomed input. You are the greatest LIAR
Your legacy will be that you lied to the American People about what they would have for insurance.
Maybe they should work smarter, not harder.
I just want a bill that actually helps people.  I couldn't care less about who wrote it.
Stop fighting like two over zealous middle school dodge ball teams.  
#americans #Republicans #Democrats #childish
Obama care dying let it go DEMS OWN IT!
Working hard to give more tax breaks to the wealthy and kill the rest of us? That hard work? #Deathcare
Idiot
Where's all that uniting and winning you promised . you got nothing and you have done nothing
