don't back down
Learned some new words today? Let me guess, on Fox & Friends? You're doing damage control with your base today, I see. I'm watching #espn
Oh boy, someone must be having a lot of bowel movements to be posting this much. All the pent up thumb twitching is going wild today.
Trying to win back your army of cretins? The DACA talk almost woke them from their stupor. Better throw some rancid meat to them.
NO WALL NO DACA!! I WANT MY WALL! Here's a taste for the liars send them without security to Nogales for a few weeks. Reality will sink in
Chain Migration of family and corrupt friends to the White House was OK though? FakePrez is a World Wide JOKE! #ImpeachTraitorTrump
Huh?
Trumpee should not be allowed to be part of any legislation
Nope!
Americans FIRST!! Let's talk about the new deal for Black America
Explain chain migration, dummy.
If you have to call names You are the Dummy!
Good one! 
I wonder if he knows what Chain Migration means?
You appear to be giving up on everything you ran on. Are you really going to turn your back on the promises to Angel Moms??
What the hell is chain migration
I'm in 100% agreement
Why ?  Please explain. #DefendDACA dude !  Oh, & maga & #Resign
Is Mueller done yet
They can't find anything! ... And NO president in history has ever been impeached and removed from office.  Sorry.
Nor can DACA. BTW, my kid still has CommonCore. Why? Drop DACA chats & address USA kids 1st! Talk w/ur Dems about CC. Keep ur promises DJT!!
Technically, DACA is not illegal, as the Executive branch has total control over immigration. Why do you think that it wasn't struck down?
Obama can't change a law on the books without legislation. He said so himself.
Still went to court and wasn't struck down. Care to explain?
We'll see about that.
Don't you have a job to do?Like a really important one?Hell I ran a small business & don't nearly have as much free time as you do to tweet
All I can hear is 'blah blah blah' and other stupidity.
Poor Nazi sympathizer....you can't keep one of your major campaign promises.  The Wall?  
How many crackers did it take to teach you to say 'chain migration'?
Why
Wall!
Oh look. Our president looked up something on Wikipedia.
If DACAs are living here with their illegal-alien parents, they can all be deported and living together there.
Damn you have a lot of time on your hands this morning. I believe this is called a "tweet storm" that you claim you don't do
The only 'chain migration' we should be talking about are the chains that are slowly migrating towards you and your family! Lock them up!
Kill the DACA
You can't pass anything even with a GOB congress. LOSER. Sad
#Mueller
#MuellerTime
#MuellerIsComing
#GrandJury
tick tock tick tock
That would not be good! 
The Dems lied to Reagan to get their way on immigration, they lie to you. Reagan said it was one of his biggest regrets. Don't make it yours
@JulesAreyn Neither can amnesty! Learn from Reagan, DON'T DO IT!! Be TOUGH on who "stays"... no welfare, no criminals!
You are not a poet. Here's a poem for you:
And another. (Apparently my hatred for you is inspiring)

LOL
Against DACA-This is BHO handiwork & I say 
TOO BAD, SO SAD.
#AmericaFirst 
That they're here not of their own volition is no fault of ours
They have Grandparents, Parents, etc &WILL HAVE OFFSPRING. This won't simply be 800K ppl. This will seal Liberals in power forever.
#MAGA 
The world is moving towards finer labor. The educated are needed, humanity needs 2 open up n understand borders r imaginary, equality isn't
So you're a globalist. Cool. I am not.
Doesn't matter. Future lies in automation. Only jobs remaining will be high end, educated ones. U need people interested in college fr that
What makes you think 800K illegal immigrants will be interested in education? Will CERTAINLY be liberals if so. Thank you. Exhibit A.
Hahaha. Thank you. I'm a software engineer, pursuing masters soon, hopefully at Stanford. Also, I was talking of legal immigrants.
No kidding you were. And again you keep making my case. I'm a Conservative. You clearly are not. We differ in ideology.
Thank you President Trump for standing strong against  those who want to abuse our laws to keep ppl in US  that they need as an underclass if voters
Leading cause of debt. Frauds make it nearly impossible to re-establish and recover natural born US citizens.
Are you saying they steal identities of US citizens? Why would they have to, if the regulations (note I didn’t say law) allow chain migration. They could just come as themselves.
Why? If you move here legally of course they want a better life. Why not sponsor a family member here.
In China, the law demands that parents when old depend on children 4 living. Many came to US via chain migr, live in senior living free, and sing communist songs for pleasure. Chain migration is NOT love, but exploitation of US taxpayers!
They just abuse American imigration system, bad people!
@POTUS Trump pls get rid in chain of migration otherwise this country will turn into a social country to be able to feed so many illegals, refugees&over population of foreign people from migration. The country totally will be destroyed by Democrats like rats.
#NoDACA #NoAmnesty #NoDACADeal
Except when it's done by Russians - in your properties...that seems to be OK. Are you getting a kickback for that? Send some ICE over THERE!
omfg, we came too close to letting that #she-demon in the wh
We support you Mr. President do not back down on chain migration our children can’t afford it!!
44.5 has to back down on chain migration. How else will little Barron see his Eastern European family on his Mother’s side?
The were children when they first came to America. Why is this so hard to understand?
There not children anymore what is so hard to understand. As a adult it is there responsibility to apply for citizenship now. No excuses.
True,  but do you know how long that process is?
They have a country most of the time they bring the money back to Mexico anyways so move back and fix there own country don't try to Cont.
Melania wasn't even a legal cardholder when you met her, then while dating her you brought her parents over to live here most of the year. Isn't that the definition of chained migration??? 

I guess illegals and chained migration only works if they're beautiful! 
But wait your mother came here thru chain migration! No tests she came as a maid! Which is ok unless you condemn others just looking for a better life!
Ha ha ha ha! I voted for you but you screwed us royally! Can't stomach you anymore. 
Try a bit less Blaze & Ann Coulter. You may get a better heads-up on the world.  Mainstream media isn't as fake as you may have heard.
Spoken like a true MSNBC & CNN viewer. I think D.C. And the media all stink. I trust no one. I investigate, like I investigated BHO
You're sounding a little bit paranoid IMHO but anyway, use whatever resources you like - just beware of bias. How did you investigate Obama?
His own words and the scoundrels that he hung with. If he did a good job in his 8 yrs, I would be praising him to heaven. HE DIDN'T
Actually, all those new jobs, high stock prices and general economic recovery that Trump keeps claiming credit for is all Obama's "fault".

Yes, well, I didn't really expect you to believe me.  And as you won't accept any factual input, that, as they say, is that.
What is chain migration?
Speaking of chains, Trump should be in chains and garb
What ever happened to your wall?  Looks like that isn't happening.  Win for America!
Trump should be no part of an immigration plan!
The liar-in-chief is just that.... a liar!
Ed u av to give him some credit, bcos lying was just part of his hobby 
What about anchor babies? #DeportTrumpsKids
No chain migration. Deport Melania now!
Never! Corrupt government even under DJT. I'm so done with it all. Civil war is what's on the horizon! Thanks OBAMA!!!
@realDonaldTrump neither should amnesty for law breaking, illegals!
I am a immigrant  support NO chain immigration! Please amend ANCHOR BABY law too! Do you know how many Chinese and Russian moms came here to give birth?so their children can be US citizens? Too many of them.
I guess that's one way of getting rid of your in laws.
Send Melania's family packing!

FYI "chain migration" is not a real term. The actual term, written in the Immigration and Nationality Act, is "family reunification." One of the reasons we keep moving to the right is because we allow their terminology to become mainstream, which reframes the debate. …
ABSOLUTELY A DEAL BREAKER. And no voting. And a wall. And e-verify. And no welfare. And no gang members and violent criminals.
no to DACA no to AMNESTY. Enforce the laws on the books.expedite and expand deportations of illegals, millions.
Daca is all abt Dems getting new voters . It's fake news all r educated !
Stupid is strong in this tRumpanzee
SO YOUR GONNA BREAK UP THOSE NICE FAMILIES? WITH A SLEDGE HAMMER IF NECESSARY. DACA CAN CAUSE A REVOLT BY YOUR SUPPORTERS. DON'T DO IT.
All those nice families can go home together then.
Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross is an advocate for using immigration to help companies cut salaries for white-collar professionals.
we need to drain the swamp in ct
Shut tf up

Love You Trump! Trump 2020!
Without any Constitutional right, Obama issued executive orders. When laws are being enforced it is we the people who look unsympathetic.
Yet you hired your completely incompetent and inexperienced daughter and son in law!

AMNESTY cannot happen again. It is a lamp to the moths. 
#NoAmnesty 
#DACAisCACA 
.
.,.
Neither can amnesty without a Wall first. Otherwise it is a fraud.
In what life does illegal in u.s. not mean illegal. Legalized just changed they're attitudes. Not daca nor dream it's DEPORT ..clean up U.S.
Douche
As soon as amnestied illegal immigrants become U.S. citizens, current law allows them to petition for their parents #End Amnesty
That's the kind of talk we didn't want to hear God bless you sir
You are a asshole
Stop being a bully
I agree.  And end DACA , send them home and then get in with others to be legal citizens.  DACAis unfair to everyone who has done it right.
I fully agree with you Mr. President.
How about chain gang, does that work better in immigration? Can we start with you??
Illegal immigration will destroy fabric of our nation. Most abused and hated segment of our population; the taxpayer. Stop the Madness!
He's so cool >-< pls notice me
Thank you Mr president for your response
NO DEAL on DACA Amnesty. They must leave within 6 months, period!Otherwise, they will destroy the Republican party, liberty
Had you ever heard the term before Fox mentioned it? Did you know what it means and how it comes about? No? That's what I thought.
Then, your voters will stay home in 2018, and vote Bernie in 2020, so he can universalize & give Koch brothers the bill for it all.
END FUTURE DACA, NO AMNESTY, KEEP DREAMERS HERE THAT R ALREADY HERE, CLOSE SANCTUARY CITIES, BUILD WALL..THIS is why we voted 4 you POTUS
I see you have your own race 1984 is real.  #911wasainsidejob
Oh yeah?  History says otherwise. You are on the verge of making TX, FLA, AZ, NM blue states in 4 yrs. Take a look below, history can repeat
Please don't let this beautiful country become a third world hell hole.
Deport
Thank you, Mr. President!  No anchor babies, please! Children born to parents here visiting or illegally should be parents nationality.
Waiting for the wall
You promised NO DACA. 
Tell Gen Kelly to back off and fulfill your promises.
You have BETRAYED us and We were WARNED that you would!  You are ROTTEN to the CORE! #AmnestyDon
@SirPareshRawal American Prez can understand this but in our India some peoples explain it as communally migration.

Dont give up the wall. Dont Forget your base!
MAGA  
https://www.facebook.com/groups/redalternativacapitalista/permalink/1543272645763650/ …
If you allow those DACA illegals to stay, or flip flop on one more thing, you will lose your entire base. #trumpgang
whyyyyyahahwysywhys6agagwysysbsysywhwys7suhsysyshs
If your priorty is to keep America safe then end Kimmie and daca. No more funds and no citizenship for illegals. No globalization
How about chain the ores.... # print media matters
those who have family waiting in line for years to immigrate the right way,please expedite those applications above others who broke the law
Put up or shut up, Amnesty Don. You got mauled by your Globalist Post-American BFFs Chuck + Nancy and are now going back to Paris Treaty.
I agree and we need to set a limit on the amount of people that come into our country per year.
Merit based immigration reform will help some dreamers time by itself is not Merit.
You mean unless Nancy and Chuck say so!
All due respect, amnesty has no place for this discussion. DACA need to get in line for citizenship, just like everyone else.
#BuildTheWall #EndIllegalImmigration Enough already. 
WE THE PPL want our Tax $ to work for US!
Unless our unemployment % is at 0 no new people,otherwise American Jobs are taken and wages are low 4 US
Lacking credibility at the moment! Traitor
"...cannot be allowed..." in any way shape or form. #EndDaca
There are ALLWAYS Daca illegals behind voter fraud. They have every papers to vote illegally. Daca is a voter fraud scheme #DeportDreamers
but white supremacy and fascism you're okay with...BTW  You are a white supremacist
Immigration is what set you apart! You must be tough! Get a great deal! And no amnesty! We need no illegals and less legal immigration!
Did you just learn what this means? Good job, Donnie. You used it in the correct context in a sentence! #goldstar #moroninchief
Neither can any illegal leech or DACA or their anchors or families.
No more anchors period
There are millions here. Get them out.
Come to Tennessee to support Mark Green for US Senate
Trying to win some shitty people back with this?
In ANY PROGRAM including DACA! DACA needs serious AUDITING & revetting be REAL auditors not DEM OB holdovers! Program was severely ABUSED!
#AmnestyDon : #betrayal #liar #LiarInChief #sellout #BROKENPROMISES #PrimaryTrump #NoTrump2020
please help me get a home
15-30 yr olds aren't Kids ... fast forward 5 yrs... 20-35 yrs old, definitely not Kids..... you have their names, find their parents.
Kelli wrote this, didn't she? I bet she's so proud. 
Exactly! It's time to close that door!
EXECUTIVE ORDER - NO ANCHOR BABIES
Build the damn wall!
Don't get sucked in by the Democrats pretending to like you! They don't!
ikom

...our immigration laws are a joke and will continue to be.
Like DACA parents, siblings and kids?
AGREED
So says the man flapping in the political breeze of the moment.
DACA should be stopped completely I was amazed at how disrespectful N rude they were to Nancy Pelosi I don't like Nancy but illegallsShould
1stof all they had a break from Obama2ndShowing how rude they were on TV shows that maybe some of them don't belong here respect is earned
No more anchor babies for a start
Dems need to stop trying to sneak everything they can into a legislation. They say they want to protect dreamers, then do it! We'll wait...
Take care of LEGAL AMERICANS 1ST. I'm tired of illegals taking attention away from hurting Americans.  We need help 1st.  #NoDACA No amnesty
Nobody should have the right to tell anyone where they can spend their precious one & only life, how can you justify that? Seriously
nobody know behind the scence
That's how many people's ancestors came to the USA mine 2. So u r saying we're a melting pot except for the people you don't like? #MAWA ??
Chain smoking and chain fencing is out, too!
Once #DACA amesty is granted the next item on the Demoncrat Agenda will be to remove the Electoral College. HRC recently revealed that!THINK
You're going to jail.
@POTUS #MAnothercountryGA. http://www.foxnews.com/lifestyle/2017/09/13/trump-international-resort-applies-to-hire-more-foreign-workers.html …
What the fuck @realDonaldTrump
Control is key control who comes in and let's make a road to becoming legal for the people who have contributed to this great country.
 Trump's mother immigrated here through chain migration —>
Quit equating immigration with importing terrorism! Quit throwing red meat to your "base". Quit behaving like a fool.
You will know all about chains soon enough, honeybunch.
Why is that?
DACAbroughtherebyglobaltyrannistsTOUSEASPAWNS&legalize humantraffickingPATRIOTSMORALONUStosendhomew/1yr$helpLOVE&support=RIGHTb4GODthem&USA!
That’s what is happening in Canada right now because they are all scared of being deported from the US.
No deal Mr President
YOU must STOP listening to your people who are PRO-AMNESTY We elected you b/c you said you would deport illegals-remember they fooled Reagan
Polls lie!!  U know this!  92% want DACA?? Not true!!  We voted 4u to end DACA and build a wall!!  U said they had to go!! #sendthemoutofUS!
"Immigration" all about ballot box stuffing (voter fraud) with Dems. Eliminate voter fraud abilities and Dems will abandon immigration topic
@realDonaldTrump THANK YOU! President Trump we hope you VETO any legislation where Chain Migration is SNUCK IN too many migrants already
No amnesty! Everyone needs to come here legally!
