. @realDonaldTrump That “over-rated” actress just got her 20th Oscar nomination. What do you have, yes? #OscarNoms.
he won. get over it
.@realDonaldTrump
Won't argue with you. (Doesn't mean you're right though) ... 
if you feel the need to retaliate every time someone insults you, you will have no time to govern. Suck it up and move on!

she got 3 Oscars and 157 awards for her acting, you: 6 bankruptcies as business man, who's overrated? #maga #draintheswamp
YOU ARE A PIG
PLEASE stop tweeting like you are a 14 year old girl. PLEASE!!
miss, I see you're point, but please respect that not all 14 year old girls churn out such nonsense 
Real Sad
Meryl Streep, one of the classiest, once-in-a-lifetime talents made fair points about me. I will try to be a better person
I am  a  pig
Why?

1. @realDonaldTrump When your tower of greed, ignorance, hate, bigotry & defiance of LOVE crumbles Donald we will be here. Still Standing.
don't be bothered by pretend Hollywood the less they support you the better. Americans are not run by "occupation pretend"
Jenifer Holiday. She is still playing the gay bars? You will do great without her and the rest of the old acts
Wow, so glad to be Canadian, good luck with him, you all gonna need it. The most funny ...She never mention his name!

@mwotus1  go mr trump go! You are amazing

Oh! Donald Trump, one of the most over-rated single-celled organism with one-inch micropenis in world... @realDonaldTrump
I like Meryl
Are you senile? You previously described her as one of your favourite actresses. #TrumpLeaks #GoldenGlobe #merylstreeprant
Meryl Streep, won every one of her awards minus the help of Russia, you can't even wipe your ass without 'em
ISIS? Russian cyber attacks on USA? And you're tweeting about Meryl Streep! "Commander-in-Tweet" President Douchebag #Trump
Presidents don't bitch out loud to their country; they stand in the spotlight and look presidential. They act presidential.

overrated?? Where are your achievements and awards?? t least she made a career.
Amy, President Trump is a Billionaire, did you miss that that?
President Trump is sick, did you miss that ?
Another tantrum from the worlds biggest orange baby. How will any work ever get done when you spend all your time tweeting?
You are a disgrace and you are unqualified to be America's President, Donald! #BarrackObama #YouMadeUsProud #USA

Yes, she is overrated and not to be praised.....
200K Strong "Bikers For Trump" will Form "Wall of Meat" if Metropole Police Need Assistance in D.C.
- Congratulations Trump@realDonaldTrump!
Meryl Streep overrated? Film is something else you know nothing about.
what an inspirational president, to call those who offend you names 
@aisnabi24 last yr they complained Hollywood was too white. Wonder what's next?
DONALD TRUMP ONE OF THE MOST OVERRATED PRESIDENT ELECT EVER. PLEASE DONT BANKRUPT LIKE YOUR COMPANIES.SAD!!! SAD!!!!
Like you hold back your attacks!Criticism is occupational hazard of Presidency. Deal with it! Act presidential for a day!
Meryl Streep is an incredible & talented actress who speaks her mind and the truth.
Lo que dice @realDonaldTrump sobre #MerylStreep,  Ella es una...
Are you in elementary school or what?
she doesn't know you? R U kidding? UR about to be the most powerful public servant. Act like it.
I agree. I threw out her movies since her stand against you President Trump.
Camille they all wear black, but forgot recently they all cheered for Roman Polanski. They are all sicko.
she didn't mention your name.  Was it about you?
The most eloquent speech given!  The best  part was she never mentioned your name!  She has class dignity and grace.
do you ever shut tf up???
Your birth certificate is an apology to the condom factory.
.@realDonaldTrump You're so vain.  You probably thought that speech was about you.  You're so vain.  I bet you think this tweet is about you
encourages people to denigrate each other on these threads. So sad. #RoleModelingBullyBehavior #trump 
she is a intelligent person
Pee a little zouzounaki @realDonaldTrump
I've had enough them!  I am boycotting their movies, music, anything having to do with these horrible people!
No one has to know you personally to know that you are EVIL
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
.@realDonaldTrump How much of a fool can you be.  So tell me, who is THE best Hollywood actress, then?
why do you ban Muslims then if you don't know them?
@ElisaHe01527573
That includes the celebrity Apprentice
Go take a pill libturd  or put your puss hat on...
@RealDonad_Trump we need to repeal the Ass for class. Kamala Harris 2020.
Ass for class?? Is that what you libs call the sexual assaults you commit in the name of women's rights
Haha that's Trump getting a Puttin pop

Snowflakes:
racism&hatred's everywhere right now. Trump is the result not the cause of how messed up the world is now.
get it???!
what a thin skin... you have... she's #1
we are all boycotting Hollywood may they all go bankrupt and the millions from movies go to our veterans & seniors !
And may you go to school
so true!
I will do this for Meryl Streep
Oh POOR BABY!  You were "ATTACKED".  Someone disagreeing with you is not an "ATTACK". Whining old man! #notmypresident,
A what?
shame on you!
u dont know her either...and she has the most Golden Globes nominations in history so I wouldn't call that "overrated"

trump the president..??? How??? Omg... Rest in peace America
Didn't see Golden Globes. Did see glimpses of Meryl Streep & her comments, Disgusting! One man/one vote,MerylStreep #MAGA
Overrated?Unbelievable, Ur not getting any friend in Hollywood by saying stupid things like that,so childish&Ure president?
Streep is one of the most decorated and "winning" actresses of all time.  Confirms your judgement is horrendous.
You are from an migrant family , stop of lies, poor Old and sick man .
@crystal_clanton she plays a good nazi
she is brave, honest and a great talent. U are golden puss
you don't have to make up for your small hands by inflating your ego. We'll still hate you either way.
I'm no longer a fan of Meryl Streep!! I made sure knew how disgusted I was!! Ashamed in celebrities all together!!
at least she has a heart
why are you so immature I'm pretty sure there wasn't a president that complained as much as you do
You're an infant. Poor little orange man.
stf #Mrtrump & get your ass back to #work & let ppl voice their http://opinions.You  wanna make #America great again?
overrated? Seriously? YOU'RE OVERRATED!!
she is quite the contrary and spoke the truth!
. Lmao Hillary fan girl cut her own throat. I'll never watch or buy anything of hers lol
If there was a hate button I'd use it right now
Love not hate amirite?
What do you mean ?
This is how @realDonaldTrump respects women:
Meryl Streep, one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood, doesn't know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a.....
you think your criticism of a movie actress is appropriate and Presidential?  What do you know about film?
let the man run the country Merle Streep needs to stick to acting
She is one of the best. You're jealous because no one liked your TV show. Be realistic for once!
and the only talent you have is that of being the world's most brainless person. Hate you @realDonaldTrump   Love you #MerylStreep 
Streep is a woman who should know better. Let it go.
Thank you and Melania for all you do. 
@MelodeePeters melodies who the fuck are you seriously? Who... because you are rated perfect.
You've provided a little demonstration of the vile, petty, dishonest, bullying behavior that Ms. Streep described.
Who's Meryl Streep? Is she the lady in the satanic film about Prada? If so she's a danger to freedom. So is my cousin Greg
@justgrateful Yeah, whatever.  She rocks
doing a great job I like it
the definition of thin-skinned, perhaps? Or a incurable case of, 'I Know You Are But What am I?'
screw streep the ass kisser
shut up
coming from a 13 year old that you need to stop being so rude and act like a president(obama) should. #donaldtrumpisover
Gah calm down, you're an overrated Hollywood star yourself, you were only in Home Alone for a minute.
I will call her brave when she's make that same speech do a room for of trump supporters
Prince Charles may appoint her if you decide to bankrupt the loan.
I can't stand Meryl stupid
may be a good actress, but overrated in values.
seemed to struggle catching her breath. As tho she'd just run 5 miles non stop.  Always acting.
I heard she got fired from a movie for what she said about you
@bjelobrdo //im lisenig Liberals
For last 30 days im afred all this selfish one party
Komunist wille explode from jelusy.
Hollywood are corrupt antifreedom anti American and bullies that only understand acting and money.  TRAITORS  NWO ideology
here. Take this L son!
It's true Donald is an overrated old woman and a horrible person But what really matters is M.A.G.A
maldito pepo piggy cerdo asqueroso
#parody 
your tweets are worst than my presidents', and that's TOO MUCH TO SAY!
and you are a ...... Bully and a narcissist, Mr. President.
#Meryl said "Disrespect invites Disrespect"?MERYL invited disrespect and STUNNED on lookers at the Golden Globes.Disgraceful
You also insult about every other senior Member of the American movie industry. Good Job, Mr. President to maybe be.
You are correct, over-rated
F them all big time.
I would never take the opinion of a celeb for real life things. I pray  and ask the Lord God who to vote for
clearly you never watched any movies dude
Meryl Streep is Bitter old lady. #MerylStreep #Sucks #DrainHollywood #LearnToSwim #DTS #AmericaFirst #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#BeBest
Can't stand that annoying b...h.
Ha ha ha!!!
Streep over-rated? Really Donald?
You are super-mega-over-rated as entrepreneur. Relax, as President you're a fucking disaster.
Are you serious
you so right now she is putting her self in big little lies
You are the POTUS. Commander-in Chief. Most Powerful Man in the World. Why do you give a "F" what Meryl Streep thinks of you? Sad!!
You are a deeply twisted alleged human being, Mr. Trump. You are so used to being a billionaire, you have no idea how to be a human being.
Streep and DeNiro are both a waste of skin!!
Donald Trump, one of the most over-rated people in Washington, doesn’t know Meryl and is attacking her anyways. He is a ...
I'm late but... if she is overrated, why do you think people like her ? I'll tell you why: she's a great person, she's talented and she's good at her job. What are you ? Doctors say that you're mentally ill ( not disrespect to the mentally ill intended ), you're full of hatred
*no
He can only wish to have Meryl Streep fame. That’s what he wants. Nothing but a cyber bully with hurt feelings.
DEPORTEN a esa basura inmunda para Canadá
She is not over-rated.,  You are.  Way overrated.  And don't we all know it.
Emerican people does not like to hear anything truthful they just want to hear arrogant stuff from this man is he a president of the free world or a clown.please woke up
you got some problems! go see a mental health specialist ! Do u know how stupid you sound?????
Oh Donald,  we don't care about you. You're an infestation that is simply the scarlet letter on the white house. We vow to do all we can to make you a one term wonder. Then send you back to Puttin
Reflexionar es saludable para los seres humanos y más si se precian de ser genios como Ud, Presidente
@MikeRitt102 Agree. Overrated and a loser who has no knowledge about keeping America safe.
So true. Hollywood types think they are so above the average person. Do they even kniw whats going on outside their homes, drivers, maids and petsonal cooks?
Thank you President Trump for spending your time reversing 8 years of Obamage (in record time) responding to some of these idiots is good practice for dealing with Kim Jung Un
Hey!  You and Rose McGowan agree on Meryl Streep!!!  #youtoo  #youtwo
I HATE YOU STUMPY
Disrespect invites disrespect, violence incites violence,". "And when the powerful use their position to bully others, we all lose." Streeps speech. Was she referring to her GOD Weinstein? What fools in hollywood living in a bubble & rape incites rape meryl
You know shit. You are supposed to be working!!
I dont know you, and I bad mouth you incessantly.
Meryl Strep another big fish that swims in the Hollywood cesspool for fame and fortune.
=))   yup.   she isn't really that good.  I don't see how ?   lol
POTUS  she sure knows this guy

https://mobile.twitter.com/GolightlyGrl427/status/916311419808829440/photo/1 …
Meryl Streep is a POS!
I must say, this has aged very well. @Potus calls it again.
@realDonaldTrump not mocking despite Video proof?Disturbing &dishonest.BIll Clinton should send a Thank You for replacing Prez biggest lie.
# wow you really know how to attack women. That's a coward.
Envy is not a good quality for an adult FAKE POTUS.  She is way smarter and more talented than U, that's UR issue.
You're rated low and you're still overrated!
@RealDonaldTrump can directly criticize Meryl Streep, Nordstrom, & Rosie but criticism of white supremacists is on background.
You're the goddamn Snowflake.
There are always ppl in this world that are not going to like u.... toughen up a bit! Everyone is entitled to their opinions Good or bad!
Still Can't Believe This was Your "Come Back" Response To Meryl - Your A Failure & A Hack.
What a jerk!
you sure are creepy....
Like you have any qualifications to rate anybody? Mr apprentice.
