congratulations on new security advisor and now taking his advise lock her up HRC. 
I pray everyday for your safety,may God provide
a hedge around you to keep you safe from harm.
@BarackObama @realDonaldTrump Happy #PresidentsDay day Mr Obama. #realpresident #Impeach45
find ur safe place yet?
President Obama is my safe space. #ImpeachTrump
Congratulations to our new National Security Advisor, General H.R. McMaster. Video: https://www.facebook.com/DonaldTrump/videos/10158684611165725/ … https://t.co ...
耿拆拆‘季挖挖、李拆城、耿拆拆…你知道是谁吗
中国青年报　 2017-02-01 11:16:43　
分享到：
给强拆官员起绰号，透露出愤懑与怨气，也折射权利的贫困。 https://twitter.com/qka47/status/834571777732857858 … …
Great move Mr President.  But when R U going to replace the Obozo holdover in NASA & give Bolden the boot?  He's totally worthless!
#McMaster breaks with #Trump, says Susan Rice did nothing wrong: report
McMaster breaks with Trump, says Susan Rice did nothing wrong: report http://hill.cm/O8wv064  
Louis X is perfectly acceptable & normal. U never doubt faithful. @RussiaConnects at five. Math mark seven. Asia Hindu 
? W I'll McMaster see eye to eye with bannon?
Happy Presidents day.
seriously dude. Your hands. They're smaller than my niece's Barbie doll.
Until you sack him as well
Looks like you're admiring his bald head

Did you tell him about your plan with Putin? #Impeach
Hows Sweden tonight?
Congratulations on being the MOST embarrassing so-called president 
Sorry VeeVee, trophy has already been passed from the 2 worst of all time.
You are the threat.
why do u bitch about obamas vacations. When you have taken vacations every week since u been in office?
okay
Yes I hope he lasts longer than the last one #finetunedmachine
congrats great choice
keep pushing forward Mr president!  We need you! Stay the course!!
Be honest, 45, you've not got a clue what the hell's going on, have you? Away with the fairies.
And no, you can't grab them because you're famous. Btw, you still got the hots for your daughter?
sick! Your truly sick to say that.
he only hired white people only smfh .. you won't see nobody black in the White House
amazed you didn't pick a Russian.

CNN making fun of rape? Maybe rape shouldn't be against the law since SE Cupp thinks it's so Damn Funny? #DopeyLiberals
Seems like a GREAT pick
#GoAway #PeePeePresident
For how long?
hopefully no problems
ok. I literally hate you, but he's actually qualified to serve in this position. Good job?
i hope he can find out how you and the Republicans have sold our country to the Russians.
first intelligent choice for an advisor. Now if you just didn't know more then the Generals, we might have a chance.
@jimmcvey1 @VeeV #impeachtrump
When will you handle your own dangerous national security issues? What is your relationship to Putin and Russia?
so silly
when are you releasing your tax returns
Love Prayers and support. DO NOT MENTION FAKE NEWS. Do conference. answer ques. Ask them what they got from what U said
. @realDonaldTrump he a pedophile or nah?
is so awesome having a security adviser who have the interest of the state at hand.
.@realDonaldTrump When will you denounce the rise in anti semitism?
Trump has ignored the rise in anti-Semitism, instead choosing to tell a Jewish reporter to "sit down."

Wish he would listen to Ivanka.
He only cares about crime committed in Chicago, or by Mexicans or Muslims. He's got no interest in home grown white terrorists.
Chicago, Chicago, Chicago... What's up with East St Louis, Baltimore and other cities?
45 doesn't hate those cities' mayors though.  So CHICAGO!  
All because he couldn't hold his little rally here...
I hope his advice includes “stop colluding with Putin.”
So why do you suppose Hillary sold 20% of our uranium to Russia? Any ideas?
The election is over, Neil.
So what? Does that get that dirty bitch off the hook? And now you're heaping her dirt on Trump? You folks are childish x 1000
Are you suggesting that a crime took place and nobody’s been charged with it?
I wouldn’t bother, Ryan. @DumDems has been brainwashed. I mean. Look at the username they chose.
That's funny. You ARE dumb. My handle is perfect. Both of you can go fk yourselves. ROFLMFAO
Be honest @realDonaldTrump, you only chose him because his name is "McMaster"
As a supplier of fasteners to the military do you really think he's qualified?
The fact that he openly said we are fighting ISIS and not Islam is enough qualification for me tbh
Sorry, nerd joke - McMaster-Carr: supplier of fasteners, etc. to the military. But yes, not a horrible choice (surprisingly)..
.@regnaDKcin0 Me
Happy #PresidentsDay Obama! 
@realDonaldTrump
Obama the worst president ever
Is this putting America first?
hypocrite
Not even vaguely true.
oh but it is true, so nice try grandma
lol 'Grandma'? Yep, and proud of it. Same age as you, Pop, just not married as often.
lol embarrassed by facts? You just ignored the truth, and you're not nearly as rich
Oh but I am. In all the things that matter.
stupidity doesn't count,
I hear your fingers are too small to grasp a baseball.
I cut out this 3' Idaho placed in my bedroom it reminds me I am in the Union, Esto Perpetua
You will be suing half the population,Thin skinned whiner
or are you afraid of being booed by 41,000 people?
Donald Add Russia to your travel ban,,,Thats were all the bad hombres are. HYPOCRITE!
join us for free coffee & cake at http://trueislam.com/events . Get your questions about Islam answered!
https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=Vjva2ePNMK8 …
the diversity of your cabinet is incredible
Quota police. Wah, wah. I want colors over merit.
so do you just believe white men just tend to be more qualified than everyone else?
Why do you believe there's some huge group of qualified POC that are being passed over?
because I pay attention.
I see it as playing the overly sensitive looking for slights at every turn game
who man, what about what I have said says "overly sensitive?" The facts are real Pay attention
damn autocorrect. It was supposed to read whoa man
@DiamondandSilk congrats!
What kind of a life, to live in fear,climate change, Trump, whatever. Live, love, laugh each day to fullest.
Please, listen to him, very, very carefully.
ur aman who stands at his word
Good job. You get a star sticker! Now, keep up the good work and earn 'em star stickers! Looks like you did your homework.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @BreitbartNews Gen McMasters has been quoted saying ISIS isnt Islamic. I hope this is fake news, Sir.
Dude should have said Nah.
I actually commend you on this one. Will be great to see how you handle his criticisms of your policies and actions 
Si su padre lo metió con 12 años en un reformatorio, ¿Qué se puede esperar de él?.....avaricia, lujuria, vanidad....Locura
Mcmaster Nutsack!
This is the best decision of all your advisors.  Banner on the other hand is an embarrassment and I am a conservative voter
sorry... predictive text.... BANNON is an embarrassment and needs to go.
Awesome!  President Trump you are doing a GREAT Job!
Stay focused on your agenda. Don't pay attention to the NUTS insulting
General McMaster: good luck finding the brakes for the Crazy Train Express....
#heydonitsmewinston Nice photo, but who is that dorky pointdexter sitting next to the general. 
so funny this. New security officer and than write a tweet about security leak at FBI. Good job
@lamplmao oh boy you're sure right Mr
thankyou @thegreatdanko or should I say wicked witch of the weekend

Haha... He may not be long with you.
I wish Reverend Peale was there
Don't trust you or anyone willing to stand side by side with such a vulgar, hate monger with Russian ties. Liar! 
#45 Go away bad dream! No one wants you here! We will continue to make your job as hard as possible 100%
Happy about new Wikileaks dump?  Your Russian puppet master is,
looks like a decorated Christmas tree
he needs to wear a suit
this is one good decision. Thank God Flynn is gone. His 'people' need to go. Bannon needs to go.
seriously? The Master for security? Why not Daleks for justice?
Lets see if McMaster will stand up against you and the NSC and be a Patriot.
New Website Allows Liberals to Pretend Hillary Won the Election: http://youtu.be/2m2aC2yV9oM?a   via @YouTube
Bravo!
Дональд читайте обычных украинцев,  и узнаете всю правду об том, что сейчас в Украине.

@PressSec 
#letthedogsoutoftheWH.

a decent choice.  Will give you that.  Now where is that ISIS eradication plan for day 3
.@realDonaldTrump @LizizFine Gen. HR McMaster is not a good choice for Natl Sec. Advisor/will NOT say ISLAMIC TERRORISM /says islam is peace
When he finds the Federal Worker Leakers.10 year jail terms offer a bonus to fellow employees for exposing Sing like birds
Awesome selection Mr. president for picking him.
http://www.slate.com/blogs/the_slatest/2017/02/25/trump_s_national_security_adviser_wants_to_avoid_phrase_radical_islamic.html …
good luck and God bless General.
this man looks proud to wear the uniform. Scary info says he was a HUGE hillary suporter
finally someone respectable
at last a professional, independent and articulate advisor to balance the mess of cringing acolyres
@POTUS #fuckyou #notmypresident #dieinafire
Infrastructure can be replaced! Military soldiers lives cannot! Increase military spending!
holy moly America, this feels like #Winning all weekend long!! keep #WeThePeople on TOP. We've got your back, sir! #MAGA
I sure hope U let him pick his staff, even if they said mean things about U.  Letting Abrams go was just wrong & so dumb.
Yes, this is the only one that we will congratulate, thank God
one thing I did roght
@MikePWillians get a life, We don't have time for this crap
he's gonna get canned in a few weeks anyway
You are going to get impeach @AlecBaldwin @VicenteFoxQue @FoxNews @cnnbrk @CNBCnow Mike Pence is going to be President
Now, you really need to listen to him!
Our President will go down as the BEST President & he is the FIRST to quality for a 3rd term! #maga
Great pic-Thank you!  You Rock and are going to change and reverse the last 8 years  THANK YOU!
God willing he'll bite your head off
maybe this one won't break the law!
Didja show him your medals??
mr president your help is highly needed please
I'd choose him based on his surname alone!
you chose a person who has no option but to tell you yes sir. Hahahahah nice political move hahahah
And congratulations to you Mr. President you are making us hard working Americans PROUD! Thx 4 stirring up Washington&Press
thank you for picking the right man for the job.
raise your hand if you're surprised his last name has the word "master" in it. #cheetochimpanzee
I support anyone bamed after a Sid & Marty Krofft character! Love it! Bigly!
Ummm...I couldn't help to notice your use of the middle finger. In Hollywood would that be product placement?
Congratulations is right. Listen to him.
Glad someone finally accepted the job!
Please bring back Mike Flynn he did nothing wrong McMaster pretends islam is a "Religion of Peace" That is a delusional lie
Listen to your advisors!
more rich men to drain your cesspool?
your terrific and I'm proud your our president thanks for doing a heat job
the only good pick so far.
you told us you are smarter than the Generals.  Another lie?
Trump has visited his two golf courses near his Mar-a-Lago estate -- six times in his first month in office.
Lt. Generals don't put up with much B.S. The second you doubt his judgement you'll clash. You DON'T know more than generals
Welcome General Toadie! Your career just became a joke because @realDonaldTrump thinks he knows more than you!
#FakePresident
It's a good advantage on choosing an army General as the states security adviser. We must salute General H.R McMaster.
we will pray for him
HOW did the people already working in WH fail security clearance?? That's to be done BEFORE-NOT AFTER
Taking measures to ensure REAL security.  Congrats!  POTUS
It's awesome to have a real man and Leader in the White House again, POTUS Trump!!
