Go Trump!!!!!
Should unanimously pass. Thank you!
We can longer afford to allow people to disrespect the immigration process and come here illegally. We are a country of laws!
Liberal controlled sanctuary cities like Los Angeles are undermining our immigration policies and we must put an end to it immediately
I am all for legal immigration for those who want to have a better life here. But it must be done legally.
LETS BUILD THE WALL 
Since when have walls stopped people from illegally entering a county?
Country!!
TRUMP WON BECAUSE

He listened to those of us IGNORED by DC & #FakeNews

Then became #OurVoice


#Hannity #KatesLaw
And because he never loses!
Need to make it illegal for the mayors and council members to even suggest sanctuary for illegals and round them up
It needs to happen...it's LONG over do...Americans 1st!! always!
Choice? Which choice do you refer to? This wealth care bill is a tax break for the 1%, nothing more. Buy a clue.
You obviously can't read yourself or you would know it's a tax bill. Someone must read these parts all day to you!
Disgusting how this girl's tragic death at the hands of a drunk driver has been hijacked by Trump and his racist followers!!

And then let Americans die slowing as they lose health insurance under TrumpCare.
How many other countries have walls around them?

Can you please just legalize drugs.
How many times did you file bankruptcy I forgot
MAGA
Thank god we have a President whos neither right nor left. Who has a heart to see AMERICA is being torn apart.  No more underclass.
It will pass!
Save American lives by having better gun laws.
Look at London, not even the police have guns that still does not stop the Terrorist
Look at America, we have more guns than people and we couldn't stop every terrorist attack.
Do you hear your logic? Seriously if criminals knew everyone could have a gun they would think twice before committing a crime.
SPICY!
RAISE YOUR HAND IF YOU ARE UNDER INVESTIGATION!
I'd like to know how you Trumpsters are traveling between realities.
A large network of tunnels connect the trailer parks of America
Trump supporters on average earn $11,000 more than HRC & Bernie supporters. Nice trailers 
Where do you get that info? The majority of individual government aid goes to red states. Making up "facts" to confuse people is unhelpful.
Not being smart but the MSM is pure propaganda. Believe nothing you read and half what you hear https://www.google.com/amp/amp.usatoday.com/story/83972800/ …
I take it no apology will be coming my way for "making up facts"?
Tough talk but ZNO sanctions for Russian meddling in elections.

Make America Safe Again!
                Resign!
#MAGA
Unfortunately, there is no sanctuary from you, Von Clownstick. You tiny-handed, malignant narcissist, fake-president loser...BIG TIME!!!
Put America 1st and resign, #FailedPresident.
*Tweet sent from golf cart
The Congressional Christian Taliban kill more people with their Wealthcarebill than ISIS will ever behead.

Psychological projection and Karl Rove strategy #3: Accuse your opponent of your own weakness. http://variable-variability.blogspot.com/2015/08/karl-rove-strategy-weakness-of-mitigation-sceptics.html …

Ask yourself how many will go because the subsidies are transferred to the 1%, The main reason corrupt Washington Republicans do this bill.

Strong argument. I am deeply impressed by your smarts.
Quit. Resign, leave.

That's funny.. liberals aren't anti American lol
Every morning I wake up and I'm grateful I have more than two teeth.
Those bible thumpers are the worse 
Wish they would read more and "thump" less. It's insufferable.

If they were voting for the safety of Americans they'd be voting to impeach you tomorrow

I'll give you $500 to jump out of an airplane without a chute.

He hasn't.  Got rid of the  obumer.
"Got rid of" is your twisted dream. Obama was at the end of his TWO terms. Trump won't finish one lol.

So foxnews advocating legislation
Funny thing you talking about our safety when you collude with & defend our #1 enemy #TrumpRussiaCollusion #PutinsPuppet #jailfordonthecon
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 6 Months, 22 Days, 15 Hours, 8 Minutes, and 42 Seconds
Not likely
Shame we can't vote you out tomorrow

So a pic of a hard hat equals legitimacy??  Lol.

That's an attractive look.
I follow back all Trump supporters!
Me too
Me 3 lol :-) Goodnight all! Cannot understand how anybody could vote against this! TY POTUS
Probably won't get many (if any) Democrat votes smh!
Hopefully the House will choose to #MAGA and pass this great piece of legislation. Thank you for being a pro-American President! Perfection!
This bill sucks!. This is not repeal. These are tweaks to Obamacare. The dems can easily reversed the tweaks when they regain the majority.
The Rhinos need to start helping instead of fighting against everything they, claim to work for us...but there actions say otherwise.

When 45 starts WW3 be sure you are the first in line to enlist and fight his war.
More of this.
Why did you all , including Trump work them for decades?  
It's your fault
If you want to make America Safe you'll need to get rid of a lot of Americans.
Finally in the right way!
Let see, are they passing this important law???
I hope so
Put American safety first and don't put the role of 15K transgender military personnel to a vote. @realDonaldTrump
End them now. Stop giving federal funds to every state that supports sanctuary cities. I live in California.
Get this done contact me for several ideas
NC SENATOR Thom Tillis puts hold on nomination over H-2B visas - http://go.shr.lc/2u2xx3L 

CALL NC ANTI USA JOBS SENATOR
MAGA
Tomorrow the House votes on #KatesLaw &amp; No Sanctuary For Criminals Act. Lawmakers must vote to put American safety… ...
I am for wall. I am for more security to keep out illegals. Not for deporting parents of children after in US for years
Texans Want #KatesLaw
Ban,Wall, Repeal failure Obamacare, Tax Reform, JOBS Infrastructure 
God Bless Our USA President n VP Pence
This is absolutely need to passing need to passing new Laws by joint house unanimously forthwith for the seftysecurity of USA WORLD.
Racist.
Pretending immigrants are dangerous criminals is.  It's racism disguised as "law & order" so racists don't have to admit to being racist.
Most aren't, and to blow this issue out of proportion has serious consequences not just for immigrants but also for American minorities.
This is a bad and racist precedent.  Harsh penalties, deportation, etc.  Not the answer to our immigration issues.  Amnesty and reform is.
We need sanctuary cities to be able to protect the vulnerable from monsters like you.
Aren't the monsters the ones hiding in sanctuary cities if they're hiding criminals and felons?
Thank you Mr President. The world now has some respect for USA. The No Korean has been so spoiled by Obama and they will learn.
No, son, the world hates Trump and laughs at the USA because of him!
If you love this country, #resistTrump!
Obviously you have not been out of the country and watching too much CNN. I travel the world and people are giving Trump a big thumbs up. Obama was an embarrassment to America. Trump has brought our pride back and bringing respect back again from our allies. Wake up people!
Way to go Mr President, your awesome.
*you're
You are deporting young people who have ONLY known America as their home. That is un-American!
Its about time we have a real leader in the Whitehouse that puts Americans first!! Thank you President Trump! #MAGA
If you wanna to Save American Lives how about you make better gun laws instead? 94 Americans are killed by guns everyday.
Or better health care
U had the opportunity 2 explain the things you r supposedly concerned about,instead you tweet like a lunatic,what a,sad day
How unfortunate that you chose to tie a partisan political bill to a non-partisan commonsense bill. Guess the "Swamp" got you after all.

Creates laws to expand law enforcement as a business entity & no product other than prisoners. We're in debt trillions & no freedoms left,
EU won't 2 billion euro from Google. It's not okay.
And I sincerely hope they come to their senses. It's not sanctuary..... it's harboring a fugitive.... aiding and abetting
We understand your base follows you, no matter what. We just didn't know we had so me classless idiots in the U S. #SAD
Your behavior is truly appalling, Mr. President. Have a lovely day.
And when you've deported all the undocumented who will you blame next? Muslims, women, who? You're not protecting us. You're dividing us.
To put American safety first, you must resign!
This should have been LAW a long time ago.  Good job, Mr @POTUS
Time to get this done in the House and Senate.
As long as you restrict to criminals this should be ok. Leave the innocent people alone, they come to America to make a better life
We Don't need to become like Sweden. Protect our country, families and homes...GOD BLESS AMERICA!!!
Everyone in this country except the Mexicans and Indians are immigrants!!! You idiot's!!!
Immigrants come from all nations. Looking for better, safer lives, freedoms and opportunity...hmm maybe they should wait until you're gone!
That, actually, is a good thing. If you could be honest, quit lying to people all the time, you would, at least, not be the WORST president.
Kate deserved better than dying at the hands of someone who was deported FIVE times. #SaveAmericanLives
Careful to not offend any one they say feelings are more important
Keep up the good work Mr. President
Hahahaha...keep up the self inflicted wounds....losing your base and your brand...
I hope manadatory minimums are in place for for any gvrnmt official who engages in aiding abetng dereliction of duty with illegals frm anywh
P.S. @ 0846 PDT. 60 THOUSAND Likes!
Stick to this. 
Tweet about this.
Harlan County Kentucky Biggest Little Sanctuary Bank of Harlan collusion Fraud mortgage/Escrow accounts/Otis Doan thug/Lawyer Created Crime
RESIGN
I know for a fact that several hispanics in Jackson county purchase SSN and claim dependents that are not theirs! Let's stop this!
Sending you back to Russia would be a great start!
If they put American safety first, you would have been impeached by now.
Ludicrous that these people are allowed to kill and continue to walk among us!
So you can RULER. YOUR A JOKE
Make America safer?? Get the racist, bigoted, pos psychopathic liar out of this country. Easy. #FakePresident #PutinPuppet #LiarInChief
Nobody likes you   
There should be no federal funding for sanctuary cities. If they cannot abide by federal law, then they should suffer the consequences.
Glad there wasn't a wall when my ancestor's came through Ellis Island n signed the book
Congress should shun you like you do to them.
Donald, doing everything you can to increase your own personal wealth is not putting American safety first.
FAKE PRESIDENT. Be sure to thank Put in when you see him next week.
Let us count the bad things on your resume. OMG...so many. You lost popular vote. Your a loser. And can you LIE...wow.!
Yes
Yes! Thank you a million times over President Trump! We are behind you 100%! America is behind you 100%! #MAGA
STOP PROTECTING DREAMERS, END THOSE PROGRAMS!
Meanwhile most of regime has and continues to commit criminal acts.
Who is the 1 republican voted against Kate's law and the 4 against ending sanctuary cities they should leave the party
You and your VP stepping down and leaving the country would be a great start to putting America safety first!
Kate Steinle's murder was a tragic waste of life. I hope this passes.
Pass these bills
Si
As usual, you and the republicans are full of bulls**t!!  Just remember Trump you only have 30-40% of the country. That's not a mandate.
The ONLY way for America first' is for you to resign
Great news!
The Democrats aren’t going to like you reducing the number of potential new Democrat voters.
Excellent....
@karmadcha 
ITS ABOUT TIME THAT SOMEONE GOT A BACKBONE!
Kate's Law is absolutely necessary. Sheriff Joe from Arizona is in need of assistance, and he is one of America's Best.
The charges are from the Obama era and bogus
I HIGHLY APPRECIATE THE EXCELLENT LEADERSHIP OF PERFORMANCE OF THIS GREAT AND BRIGHTEST US PRESIDENT
Should we not thank @billoreilly if this passes?  He was the catalyst.
I just don't know where to start on this one.  Your scare tactics just aren't working.  You can't see it because that is all you have.  SAD
and...
Keep doing what you're doing president Trump the American people are behind you
A dog whistle to his racist base. What he the trolls come running. Works every time.
Sometimes that's all you can say! It's short to the point and easily understood even a buffoon with the mentality of a 5 year old like Trump
Heartbreaking  No reason the mothers had to suffer such loss. Thank you Pres. Trump for another promise kept. Kates Law was stalled for yrs.
I say vote for Our Country or get voted out of office , we have to drain that damm swamp !
Amen..How can they have Waited so long..They R Horrible Terrible Cities n Mayors..Fire THEM!!..We need LAWS..We Want You to help The PEOPLE!
sanctuary cities are costing billions as well as lives. It's plain wrong.
He is insane and his wife isn't any better.  I am ashamed he is the president.  Stop and get help.
Bitch how do you expect them to put America first when you're putting Russia first? Get out of Putin's bed,  girl what are you doing?
The farther himself said he is appalled Trump would use his daughter's name for his campaign. What happened was due to a broken system
Let's hope it passes the Senate this time.
Awesome. I bet the liberals will find a way to slam this. Thanks, Mr. President.
You only fuel  there fire
Been following since the escalator....found out "Sanctuary" cities are about 40 miles from Port Orange--Sanford/Deltona.Sanctuary cities no!
Why is adding an extra layer of security is so horrible so we don't turn into Europe which well look how well that turned out #TheFive
I hope the house does the right thing!
@HouseGOP pass the bills!
Make America safe,make America great again.no retreat no surrender #saveAmerican lives
SAD / bad bill!
Great day
Thank you President Trump...you working...tough..we love it!!!
U signed CR which funds sanctuary cities. How does that meld with this "act?" Hmmm...
Mayors of Sanctuary Cities,like Landrieu of New Orleans,Don't let voters decide.Citizens should decide if their city should be Sanctuary
I agree Donald but the fight will be hard with so many socialist Democrats and Republicans who are closet Democrats fighting against you
A full list of those who voted no, needs to be published online.
Absolutely
Thank you Mr. President for finally enforcing America's Laws!
I agree.
But it too late to save @IvankaTrump mother from your savage hairbrained beating and #rape
Thank you Mr President!!  NK must be controlled economically!!  
#Build The Wall
Trump will get a second term. Haters get used to it, be part of the solution instead of part of the problem.
So does that mean Saudi Arabia will be added to your travel ban then.......since you hate terrorist and all........THEY NEED TO BE ADDED
Amen!!! God is with President F
God is with President Trump. Correction...my finger had a spasm. LOL
God bless ALL thows parents with out their children that were killed by criminal ILLEGAL ALIENS.
people sitting on the fence to wake up and come to their senses.
To much pain & suffering for it to continue on as it is.
Amen , so agree anyone who doesn't vote to pass the blood is on their hands , do they care? Who is for America? We will see
America first and Americans first! #KatesLaw
The Trump Prophecy's Amazon #Positive Mark Taylor FireFighter!
what are you gonna do about all the American citizens that commit these disgusting  crimes also. Lot more American criminals than foreign
It truly is sad that there are so many American lives are lost because of the illegals that occupy our country and do not obey our laws.
