How's that NY Times fake news doin ? I've noticed that your tweet talk has began ebbing,why would that be ? May it concern your good buddy putin an cash washer turned loyal lawyer and bagman of very little nous mr cohen You do know they're lookin at treason that you've committed
Sweetie, even you looked stunned that you won.
The failing @nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Said I would lose the primaries, then the general ...
god blessed you.
Sounds more like they were trying to rig the election with an unsubstantiated media blitz
Donald the only thing that's fake is you each time you go on social media you just reaffirm it to the world stop bombing children
Which one is the fakest news?
If they would quit resisting and listen, they would learn and know the man that we love and elected.
They r not wrong. u can say lies 1 mil times, your lies will never be truth. Practice dragging your cup against bars
The only thing failing is your poor  cover up of the biggest scandal in the history Hahaha YUUUUGHGGEE
@AmericaFirst69 @nytimes they keep trying to figure you out big mistake ignore the haters angry little trolls
welcome to your tape.
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
@20TrumpDonald16 @nytimes with Russia in your pocket, you need not have worried.
You are Fake so call mr president mr trump clown
Par contre tu perds la tête, ou ça ne va pas tarder 
 ironically most wrong when they gave you benefit of the doubt
Said... Prayed to the old Gods and the new. Offered sacrifices to demons with the rest of majority of Americans
#WireTapping
Hello I am Donald Trump and I LIKE TO YELL
you're a joke and a fraud. Please submit your resignation.
That said we are AMERICANS and we will never give up nomatter how tough the challenges are!!
that we have to wrack our brains figuring out what the truth is!! Meanwhile working hard to provide for our families!! We are not fools!!!
Any American that is a spoke on the wheel  (A REAL AMERICAN)  knows and is troubled and disgusted by the media. Exhausting and sad
Obama Bush and Clinton was teaö Presidents bit you.........

‘I Over-exaggerated That Story’ Liar, liar, liar. Americans pants are on fire!http://www.msn.com/en-us/sports/olympics/ryan-lochte-speaks-for-first-time-since-rio-scandal-%E2%80%98i-over-exaggerated-that-story%E2%80%99/ar-BBvRrhc?li=BBnb7Kz … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
Do the same thing with the Post, CNN, MSNBC. MUST STOP propaganda.
SUE the NY Times for more than they're worth & shut them down.
quit acting the fool.
. Never forget who owns the NYTimes. Carlos Slim. A Mexican with questionable scruples & agenda.
nytimes is the GOAT ur the WOAT
Since Drumpf lies once a day, it is obvious why the @nytimes is more trustworthy than a multi-bankruptcy con man
@NRAHA2 @nytimes meu presidente ve nosso sofrimento em Angola
please Mr. Trump don't screw this up. I have faith in you. Don't even acknowledge them
fake president
Amazing: coded news
wrong
This seems a bit hyperbolic, you will be criticized-get over it.  If you are forthcoming, they will get over it
#takeresponsibility #actlikeaPresident
.BUT DIDN'T YOU LOSE THE POPULAR VOTE?!?! .  WHICH MEANS THE PEOPLE HAVE TRULY SPOKEN!??
@mflynnJR @nytimes NYT has been right about you 99% of the time.
; Try to understand you DID lose the general election by 3 million votes. And subscribers to @nytimes are at all time high
keep doing it keep saying you lies You have been on TV saying you are being a target No the people are sick of you
that wasn't fake new...just wishful thinking!
MR TRUMP. BE CAREFULL OF THE LEFT OVER MOLES FROM THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION. TIME TO CLEAN OUT WASHINGTON NOW.
FAKE PRESIDENT
Oil digging cause polluted land and water. America will have jobs and be more sick! Get common sense .
I want foreigners be able to tour in America after the wall is made.
That is why the libtards are so mad. They believed fake news & stayed at home Nov 8, so HiLIARy lost.
hold the judges accountable for any attacks and when all is done for obstructing justice
please go away you are the worst president ever!!!
Anyone that says anything against you is automatically the enemy.  You are a child.
WHO LETS YOU TWITTER
--only thing fake, is you
But the Moscow Times always said you were going to win.
there you go  again:  liar in chief
You are making our country fail.  Was that your plan all along?
awww, we're your little feelings hurt? By the truth???
