You will always promote police brutality and act foolish in front of you betters, Trump!
On the upside only his core feeds into his lies.
The problem is, they believe Trump's lies and that's very dangerous.
I am not so sure, I think they love him because he is a liar. Nevertheless, T lies are dangerous - words matter.
My concern is that Trump advocates violence.
I do believe his followers listen to that!
I think so as well. One of the reasons my wife & I got conceal carry permits. Too many nut jobs just looking for an excuse for violence.
I hear you, man.
We're less worried about it here in California but, damn. Scary time.
The laws against treason, espionage, obstruction of justice, and collusion are being tested now. We're eagerly waiting for enforcement now!!
Large FINE..$ for employers of illegals & employees, Impound there cars, houses, businesses..$.. Build a wall
And starve our elderly and kill them with lack of insurance.  Merry Fucking Christmas  president trump.
Something that in the UK , Labour leader Corbyn would never say!

 Debbie Wasserman Schultz, in May, threatened DC police over a missing computer.

"You should expect consequences" 
Thank you,President Trump, for restoring law and order to this nation.
Here's the Democratic Party of America practicing their Marxism:
I'm glad I have a DVR watching Stephen Colbert
- DW Schultz & Awan Family unmasked you and congress - what will you DO !
Inside our borders great! R U paying attention outside of our borders? for god sakes man! ENOUGH! s**t or get off the pot already Bil. Mis.
Your one to talk about law enforcement!
#NoMoreDistractions #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpCrimeFamily #FAILEDfakePresident @TeamTrump @WhiteHouse #MuellerTime
Going down for Collusion Donny!
what if the policeman is a transgender from mexico?
That's cool. Hey how'd the health care thing go? Haven't had a chance to ask. Sorry I've been slammed.
You're just pissed that you can't talk about your health care victory. Just too much winning ;-)
Psalm 149:4
For the #Lord takes #pleasure in His #people; He will beautify the #humble with #salvation.
Maybe, but it's still #FAILUREFRIDAY !!
3 Years, 5 Months, 23 Days, 46 Minutes, and 38 Seconds
LMFAO
...and the reason you posted the obvious?
I agreeyour doing a great job
Blah, blah, blah
Pretend campaign rallies getting less and less effective at taking the focus off the laughter and disgust that surrounds your Presidency.
Like the laws that protect and support scared police officers quick triggers? We sure enforce those. Fund deescalation training NOW!
Are you signing that russia sanctions bill or your buddy will get mad?
You only care about your bookie, Vlad.
Will you PROTECT the integrity of our elections and SUPPORT members of the LGBT community?
That's a big nope. Trump is weak. So he attacks any population that he views as different
Trump is mostly concerned with protecting himself.
And equally concerned with lining his pockets
And concerned with ruling in dynastic fashion-- so much nepotism in the Trump White House.
Nepotistic kleptocracy. Absolutely
You are a failure of a man. Resign already
Boarders?? This country has been hacked by Russia
Drain the Swamp! Brain dead liberals are ignorant hypocrites! Anti-America!
Absolutely trust and respect President Trump...finally a President who thinks of all of first...he is who he is and gets the job done
Top google hit 
We need YOU on the other side of the border
Kill all the poor or jail them! its your vision of making America great again? resign.
it would be very unAmerican if you didn't- every president before has done the same
even god need good soldera he has you hand you be the man
Everybody look up Jacob Wohl for a good laugh.
Law and order!!
As long as you're not transgender... apparently you're not good enough... can some xfer to Sec. Ser before the ban.. you and your comrades
ASS!!!!!!!!  Fix HEALTH care!  WORK with both sides - stop being an obstructionist!  (Grab a dictionary if you don't know what that means)
Psalm.46.10
Be still, and know that I am #God; I will be exalted among the #nations, I will be exalted in the [1/2]
...selectively.
Are you looking forward to getting back home Brim.. 'Be ever so humble...'
Yes and no. Didn't get near everything we wanted done. Didn't go as many places as we hoped.
President Trump has made sweeping changes in his first 6 months on the job, to empower Law Enforcement and STOP gangs and drugs
MS13 has been able to run-wild on the streets of our inner cities, bringing drugs, crime, death and destruction. NOT ANYMORE.
For the first time in 8 years, Law Enforcement knows that the guy at the very top has their backs
Obama spent his Presidency promoting an Anti-Cop narrative that emboldened criminals and put Law Enforcement in danger
Americans Love and Appreciate the Brave Men and Women of Law Enforcement!
We finally have a President that promotes law and order, not open borders and mayhem in the inner cities
We have a president that promotes police being rough with arrestees? Hope the cops are rough w/ u when they come to arrest YOU, buddy!
@Princess_Holly @EJLandwehr  What we need is protection from you and your insanity. You put us at risk just bey opening your mouth.
What we need is this headline
That's for sure. He never will though. He's too arrogant.
Nixon resigned under tremendous pressure. We can't get complacent, we must keep the pressure up, and call on T everyday to resign.
I'm not complacent. I also think he'll have to be ... http://tmi.me/1fjhHh 
Sorry, I did not mean to imply that your are complacent.
It's all good. No worries. :)
#TheResistance is led by strong  women. I don't think _ANY_ of you are complacent.
Cool. Neat story. You suck! 
#NotMyPresident
Bro you live in America then he is certainly your President too.
I understand that he is literately POTUS. The hashtag means that I don't support him. He's a gross person. If u agree w him that's on u.
Explain to me why Trump is gross?
Oh and by the way if ur poor, he doesn't care about you #RealNews #TrumpsChumps
Wrong. I ain't poor and he cares about everybody. You don't bc you don't really care about the Poor who're suffering from Obamacare.
Dude. For real?? If ur not poor than u can afford health care. Ur on the wrong side of history my friend. When u realize that hit me up 
I have a one way ticket to Canada waiting for you. Name is Delusional liberal right?  Don't like it..bye.
You do realize that borders aren't just physical, right? Like  borders Russia crossed when they interfered w/ the election
Bot alert!
So much for that
Obama's open borders policy allowed ms 13 to infiltrate our country.
Charlottesville cops did crap job separating protestors. Southern whites want confederate history. Dont move history in storage-out of sight
unless its white supremacist who lost their permit.... marched with torches chanting violent slogans.  despicable
That's my president and I agree. Thanks Donald
Liar liar liar bully mentally sick POTUS every word that comes out of ur mouth is a lie!!!
Burn the flag/don't stand for anthem; both within rights but despicable regardless of reason! No debating this, you'll see.
We will always ENFORCE our laws, PROTECT our borders, and SUPPORT our police! #LESM Harrisburg, Pennsylvania… https://t....
Dear Mr. Pres. I am praying for you each & and everyday!
Me too,  I pray today he is inmpeached, I pray Mr. Mueller gets to finsh his findings and I pray he goes to prison with the rest of his cult.

Do you support innocent until guilty? Obviously not by the speech you gave the police the other day.
Thank you Mr.President Trump. I feel alot safer now that you are in office. Build the wall. Protecting our first responder 's and military.
#Police @OCSD are undereducated, women haters. Former sheriff M Simon & T Harris still in #DanaPoint area. #Hollywood #wiretap coverup @FBI
Before an strong suspicion of ms13: Shot and them ask policy!
Is this the same general that you met with re: Transgender people in the military? Also, we're grading terrorist groups/gangs on "meanness"?
What laws Mr. President? You have been breaking all the laws since you took office.
Clearly what are saying is racist (kidding), replace racist with logical (to be modest) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjfqQLiB3xg&feature=youtu.be … &
I hope so
I'm sorry, but Trump's behavior is not just beneath the dignity of the Presidency...but that of any decent man. -Jerry Springer
Portland Oregon government officials should be charged for crimes committed by 20 time deportee illegal criminal. Jail time for gov leaders
I think president Donald Trump in president duterte Best Friends forever..,
And tell them it's okay to manhandle people.  That's not what police are suppose to do no matter how bad the crime-they are not judge & jury
WORST PREZ EVER.
EVER!
37% approval!
Failing at everything.
Won NOTHING that wasn't already bought & paid for behind closed doors 
It's so refreshing to have a president that loves America. No apologizing. People are dying to get here. #MAGA
You betcha, Mr. President!
Take away. Healthcare from all government employees now. Let them swim in the same water they created. Do it now. Bring Dems down however ..
Look at Seattle, this is a disgrace, throw the immigrants out now. Stop crooked liberal universities, cut all fed funds to sanctuarycities
.@realDonaldTrump built career on racist lie that President Obama isn’t an American. His presidency is a #DISASTER.
Good thing I left #Harrisburg in early July before you got there.

@FoxNews @alllibertynews @faceTheNation restore RULEofLAW to Phila PROSECUTE OATHviolators https://youtu.be/X6dgRmF1pSg  #DefundPhilaNow
We've always done that anyway empty suit. #donniecoward
Some very mean dudes i guess lmaooo
So basic !
Nice job on calling gang  members animals!  That will get you lots of respect in a dictatorship!  This is a Democracy butt head!
u said you would stop the companies that use illegals. have you seen cargills in beardstown illinois? somalia, yemen, mexicans?
POTUS keep pushing on as a DAV I know you are on the right track, you should hire this non leak person that supports you all the way,
Sovereign of the Mexican government trying to stop well funded gangs and Cartels with huge $ made from illegal US drug sales. Give them this
Hmmmm hvordan siger man stupide KLAPHAT på Engelsk ?
Your admin is melting down.please resign so america can be great again
MS-13: kill'em all
protect us from this https://youtu.be/gE4VzFz9PPo 
Great speech. It is going to do wonders to improve relations with the community you smart man you?! Believe me
Let's see how you feel about this when you are impeached and on your way to prison

Instead of those dumb red ball caps, #POTUS should hand these out at his next rally. @20committee @TheRickWilson 
We all support the police, we do not support violence by them.  Have you bee awake for some of the police missteps. Learn your subject first
What about the ACA? You know, that law you keep threatening to sabotage at the expense of millions of Americans.
Stop embarrassing and making people apologize for your horrible hate filled rants/speeches
Trying to cover your tracks
Fun fact: your country trained and allowed these gangs to thrive. US sponsored contras and coups in Latinamerica, read or enquire a little.
U will not get your racist wall U will not get the violence you are bolstering. #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpRussianInvestigation
Does that mean Congress will enforce the emoluments clause you've violated and prosecute, or  charge you with obstruction of justice?
Rumor or fact? That the past administration plotted to turn in this
Country to our enemies?

My son and I need your help with two humanitary tickets to go back to Toledo please I beg you
Doesn't seem like the police want your support based on how they rebuked your speech to them.
Police need to put your orange head in the door and shut it. You are not a president, you are a joke.
...and beat up detainees before they are proven guilty.
it's against the law to beat up crime suspects
Unless the laws contradict me put anyone I know in jail or our police need health care then you better htfo
look at the people in the background speak more then words.
It's getting to the point that hearing this voice rambling on in incoherent repetitive pandering statements actually gives me diarrhea.
You'll protect our borders, except against the Russians! #MAGA #trump #russia #russiagate
You told police not to work within the laws . miserable excuse for a leader. Just look at that trashy Boy Scout speech
Ty.
American Gun owners kill 50,000 American citizens annually. Eradicate NRA!
Du bist ein kleines Arschlock
Your doing GREAT THINGS AMERICA
Our  unstapeble  45 Presedent.

How about enforcing all the laws?
Most of the American people would like to deport you. And we want our police serve Americans not brutalize them!

Anyone else find it hilarious that Trump is banging on about "gang members" with people clearly in MC colours are cheering him on?
Smh why his hands so small
How about you say something of substance for change instead of all the cheerleading? Children can do that and by the looks of you they are.
滚犊子
Shame on you for encouraging police brutality. You are a very evil, lying man. #LockThemAllUp #NoSympathyForCorrupts #ImpeachTrump #Resist
...and shoot as many people we can in 4 years!  Oh yeah.
*** support the white minority
Yes, and don't let up or slow down.  Get it done!
You will continue to defy Jesus by oppressing immigrants and refugees. (Mt 25:31-45) Repent.
Hey Trump you see last nights 20/20. Is that how you want your border agents to act. And they still have there jobs?
Don't hate us!Why do you hate us??We never meant to get in American business. We just a wanted a better hope for are self selves &family
Screw your racist regime and your police state! This isn't the 1950's wake the eff up!

Said the man that breaks the law every chance he gets. #ShutUpNobodyLikesYou
SUPREME INSANE IMBECILE, One question- how does the leader of MS-13 get convicted & deported 3X in & from the USA, & is back in the USA NOW?
You are an embarrassment to our country.
Please pardon Joe Arpaio!
SUPPORT OUR LAW ENFORCEMENT
WHO SUPPORT US
EVERYDAY
WE WILL REMOVE THIS SCUM MS-13
WE,ARE,DOING IT AS WE SPEAK!
& WILL REMOVE ALL CRIMINALS
Encouraging police brutality...you're a real disgrace!
jjj
I hope our laws are ENFORCED and someone PROTECTS us from YOU!
We love our president. America is already a better place because of you
Lets take Control of Our Country. Take it Back from the Leftists, Illegals, America-Hating Communists.

U.S. police chiefs blast Trump for endorsing "police brutality" http://wapo.st/2vhaao3 
ALL LAWS EXCEPT THE ONES U BREAK U E NOT ABOVE THE LAW
Yes, we must remind ourselves the age of robotics is here!
What about the rest of us?
However, we do Not unlawfully beat/ assault the people! We trust and love our police. Don't tellthem how to so their job. You aren't able
@POTUS Why are these agents STILL working?
Please Pardon Sheriff Joe as  he was doing his Job. He didn't have a fair trial. Period. MAGA !!!
The only way to keep them from returning is for armed Americans to guard our borders, and shoot them like the animals they are, if needed.
@realDonaldTrump pls direct proper governing agencies to hold educated contracted professionals accountable for the $ they are contracted 4
well done mr trump sent them home for good 
WE ALWAYS HAVE UNTIL YOU CAME ALONG WITH YOUR RACISM
Please help my mom's friend re-enter as an American. He did everything right and was denied re-entry. please pardon him as a true American.
Will love seeing you do that from the inside. How cute that will be. Can't wait.
Obama was and is a terrorist
Rasista
Telling police officers to get rough is not going to make you a hero of the black community.   Yea, we know who you were referring to.
I don't think he knows what enforcing our laws is, police brutality is against the law. Ishe that stupid to not realize the hypocrisy?
