#strangerdanger. #Ossoff is not what he's presenting himself as to the people of #GA6 #GA06. Let's hope for the voters to catch it!
We have a liberal elite breakout, all of them want something for doin nothing.
Your lies have found you out.
Democrats seem to think they can buy their elections!! Hahaha Karen WINS!! Sorry California!! You can't buy GA!! 
Yay! i was so happy! Yay Georgia! I dont know why that guy thought he had a chance
I know he couldn't even cast his own vote! It wasn't even a close race as they thought it was going to be!! So far Dems are 0-5 spec elec.
Dems are destroying their party
Donald Trump has no integrity. The most prolific liar in American history possibly World history
Well yeah u know NOTHING about politics and you ran for President to satisfy your own BLOATED EGO!
Jon @Ossoff lives 2 miles from the 6th District and grew up there. @KarenHandel is a swamp monster from Washington, DC. #FlipThe6th #GA06
Your "healthcare" is ANTI-health "care!" I'd love to be driving the Karma bus  when you step out in front of it!
For sure they are delusional disgusting old white men only doing this vote their asses out when their time is up
Distortive; just moved 2 miles out of district so fiancée could walk to school. Admirable, supportive. Great role model for supportive guys.
So sick of dirty political statements meant to deceive.
The democrats once again trying to buy a seat in congress,almost 40 million $ spent on race,how many homeless veterans could that help hmm
Your children were registered Dems and couldn't vote for you. Half of congress lives outside the districts they rep. Be quiet.
SEVERAL REPS don't live in the districts they represent.
Do you think the democrats will blame #Russia if @karenhandel wins? #VoteKarenHandel #WitchHunt
Vote for Jon Ossoff in GA 06!  #VoteYourOssoff
Why is anyone allowed to represent a district they don't live in?  Loophole should have been closed long ago
'President Trump' you can't even vote in the district #KarenHandel wants to represent...You can have your life back, Resign #VoteYourOssoff

But, but, but, Hillary. You guys sure are obsessed with her

Soros and illegal voters (including dead people, duplicates) are going to try to fix next elections again. Need voter ID laws.
You don't need to vote to fairly represent the people. Why are you afraid of Ossoff? Are truth & decency your kryptonite? #VoteYourOssoff
I thought the law was they had to live in the district they represent
Well the biggest deep state Operative on twitter on Soro's payroll is a lady named Linda Lee . Biggest DNC troll ever.
i dont know much about her. I'm going to have to look her up. Thanks 4 heads up Monty I've heard alot of names but unfamiliar with Linda Lee
Sounds like a dem.
definitely a traitor selling our secret to Russia. #NotMyPresident #RussiaGate
You do realize that you are the president of ALL the people?
Wow!  Ur kid and son in law r registered in 2 states as is Steve Bannon.  Your point?

@teamcombover16 Thank you @POTUS
#OssoffCantVote #losing while #MAGA is #winning
#GA06  USA, Make America Great!  May God bless the USA and our good leaders.
You do realize there are 20 Congress members at least who don't live in their district?
And yet, he cost you bigly.
Mr.Trump, my contry believes in the scientific method and guess what, climate change is real! We signed the paris agreement. We are leading.
Mr. Trump, my wife just got a preventive cancer treatment @ zero cost. I love Canada, free healthcare. We feel safe, gouv. 4 the people.
I Stand with Her I Stand with Handel
Whats up with all the bots in here
#karententacles
"GEORGIA VOTERS" ARE MUCH SMARTER THAN "LEFT/MAINSTREAM MEDIAS" GIVE THEM "CREDIT"!!! "KAREN HANDEL" IS "T H E ONE & ONLY"!
Pretty pathetic the length the Dems will go...sick bunch of swamp sludge!!!!
And your kids couldn't vote for you.  Try again.
The President can't even accept he lost by 3 million votes. Claims illegal voting. Where is that?
Do not support anyone that Trump puts his name to he's a corrupt criminal
Trump/Pence =2020!!!!
Karen Handel needs to go too
GA state law doesn't require that. But he's lived there most of his life & moving back when girlfriend finishes med school @ nearby Emory.
did you vote in the district you represented?.............oh wait...............
Georgia voters send this shameful corrupt president a message:  ossoff!
At least he is not HATED, LOATHED AND DESPISED in the COUNTRY he represents...like you.
And yet he is the better candidate by far!
Well you can't vote in Russia, but you represent them everyday.
And that makes absolutely NO DIFFERENCE.  If you knew anything about government, you'd know that. #notmypresident,#dumpthechump,#Donthecon
Why don't you tell America how you are destroying it thank god you won't win a sec term and your making nothing but a mess and lie always.
Maybe because R's gerrymandering? Just a thought...
He's briefly out of district supporting his fiancé while she's in med school, with the full intention of moving back to his in-district home
Digital currency is now legal worldwide @realDonaldTrump
Like Bannon?  Or Tiffany?  Who cares?  You're a piss-stained moron from a gold-plated bubble and you stole an election.
Wouldn't it be funny if he lost by 1 vote
You didn't get elected by the people you claim to represent. Why use a double standard?
Show us your tax returns.
https://www.thenation.com/article/karen-handel-has-a-long-history-of-suppressing-votes/ … #KarenHandelGA06
Your RATINGS are an all time low!!!!  How about that???  You are a disappointment!!!

But he's not relying on Putin for a leg up.  #WithaLittleHelpFromMyFriendsBackintheUSSR  #trumprussia



Lying is just like breathing for the Grifter in Chief. #FakePresident
And yet he's more qualified than you are to lead. Ironic.
But those expensive office chairs tho...
Nothing on Brussels bombing, just like there was nothing on London and Paris attacks yesterday...
He's obviously passed the CD's criteria to run in #GA06.  If #GA06 doesn't like their own rules then they can change them.
But he grew up there and lives 10 minutes outside the district. Handel born and raised in D.C.
Please mr. Trump just keep one promise so I can again hold my head up
Even worse, if he is elected he also won't represent the district in which he is elected given the large sums of out of state donations.

then all of you wine bags will have nothing
As long as he can stop you DT
New CBS poll: Trump's approval rating lowest since he took office

36% approve

57% disapprove
Keep up the great work, Mr. President !
#Trump...My President
Mr. Trump, do you ever post anything positive and supportive? Is everything negative with you?

Donnie boy; Dint get distracted. Aren't you trying to stay out of jail?
So glad 2 b liberal. Republicans are getting a bad name here and abroad.

Probably because of the small gerrymandering issue!
Nice
Pls fire Jeff Sessions!
Karen Handel's opponent in #GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent.......
S
hola bello y hermoso presidente gracioso
Your just bad news, no truth, only lies, shape up, please.
Hola bello muchas bendiciones para todos
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJ1PDsD26zyK4FD6NeBtoK6SXUz09y94FTOv00/ …
Congrats & mal greetings for Independance Day !
Shhhhh. You're a dildo
definitely a traitor selling our secret to Russia. #NotMyPresident #RussiaGate
Ha!!! Vote for a guy who chooses not to be your neighbor!!!  Hahahaaa!
She won't represent the ppl well.
what are you doing about the Russian probe
Liar Liar
I don't Karen is this but I love you
LOL...that's awesome. Just too funny. :D
yes good
Russia
That is so terrible
Says the guy who couldn't get his kids to vote for him in the New York primary.
You are  right Dude that Obama is a killer
He has a name. Or is that too much for you to remember?
GET OFF TWITTER YOUR THE PRESIDENT
Have you considered that the potus represents all Americans?  This comment reduces you, not him.
What are you doing to support biafra restoration? 
Give us Biafra 
Give us Biafra 
Give us Biafra 
Give us Biafra 
Give us Biafra
Danny go back to your safeplace and hold hands with the other snowflakes
Hi
Oh, SHUT UP! You big baby! YOU'RE LIKE A 5 YR OLD.
Democrats are IRRESPONSIBLE, UNACCOUNTABLE, REVENGEFUL in their words & actions!!
Don't let the negative hateful Left stop you @POTUS You have many supporters!!!!!!!
N
He should have not been able to run if he does not reside there
Shut up
Trump is always Trumped.
He still would have done a better job than her though.
Lil Marco better GTFO and get with the program we the ppl voted for
Neither could Gingrich when he ran... guess that doesn't matter tho...
@Ohboyboy22 unbelievable shameless osshole,,
Neither can our awful conservative Rep @MimiWaltersCA

zaima
Gerrymandering: a wonderful thing.
Hmmm wasn't it Ivanka who couldn't vote for you in the primaries.
lol I'm following Donald trump on twitter when I'm 10 am I even aloud to have a twitter acount
and you guys still barely won. Newt Gingrich's county. 38 years in a row voted republican, and you barely won. Bravo 
I loved kellyann Conway' s comment, , she laughed her Ossoff
what can you expect from liberals... They have not had a original thought since 1968
Better than being rwgistered in multiple districts like your crew.

this is a fantastic
@POTUS @jk_rowling @RoguePOTUStaff @Rosie @GeorgeTakei  @Alyssa_Milano @POTUS44 @SenKamalaHarris @SenWarren @DebraMessing
California and N Y swamp creatures colluding to control elections and politics in other states
resign now !
This is kind of like your children not being able to vote for you because, well, they *were* democrats
What did the democrats prove in the GA/SC race? If they spend enough money they can almost win. They have more money than ideas. MAGA.
Next year I'm running for President of France.  Never even been there. But liberals are in charge so I should be ok
A showing of your clout! :-)
Democrats spent $40 million in GA race. Why not feed the hungry, fund lower cost healthcare clinics, help the homeless? Politics = greed.
Looser
You've already killed healthcare. U r such a joke.
Stop tweeting and build the wall
50 mill down the drain in Georgia. .laughing my Ossoff!!! Dems lost
Crook.
That's funny, but didn't matter anyway, another GOP WIN!!
