Hi D.J.!? I've never Social Mediaed a Pres B4. I've never tqeeted anyone for that matter haha. But i just love u AND, Thanks 4 taking job!
And I assure you, there will always b some AH who ridicules no matter what. U could give bricks of gold n they would not shine bright enuf.
#MondayMotivation #MotivationMonday
Oh Lord, how can I unsend? I accidentally pressed send w o correcting. How embarrassing!? Have a great day and try to stay calm!
I wonder if the SWAMP is reconfiguring you?
#winning
Luther Strange's a CREEP. He was a lobbyist for decades. He unemployed thousands. Strange made CAFTA Cent Am Fair Trade. NAFTA wasn't enough
and on that note, we all know who NOT to vote for-thank you very much-goodnight!
Hey, I don't see you running for the job. Let him have his time. Potus, no one is holding your feet 2 fire about campaign promise 4 wall!
- Deleting presidential tweets violate federal law that mandates such communications be preserved.
really? Be more specific? What about the wall is sported? The clay or the money?
No wall! Pass ridiculously strict laws for entering illegally so it's not an option for them. Wall will never work. Tunnels already begun
Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement. He is strong on Border &amp; Wall, the military, tax cu...
Love you Trump! You care about the rights of ALL. Only the ignorant believe otherwise. If they would do their own investigation they’d know!
Как Человек,  ВЫ мне нравится. Как мужчина Вы вызываете уважение! Удачи Вам, болею за Вас!
And he lost.
I think you mean Lex Luther. #DeportMelania 

PS- what prison will u b in? Are you going with orange or stripes? Asking for a friend
Mandatory Batchelors degree for all and our country will come together and our future is much brighter w/o a bunch of uneducated yay hoos!
Lets create jobs another way. Is it unconstitutional for us to force education on our youth? I mean real disciplined education.  Mandatory
You r 4 given 4 that promise. I think I can speak 4 MOST of us w any sense against wall. We are neighbors and friends. Waste of $$ big time!
Build that wall
Um.... no, actually of all the people on the pre-run off Ballot, he was the weakest on all of those things
GO Potus
No he's globalist.
all do respect Sir. You're wrong on this. Strange is a swamp critter, and he's a fake friend to you.
,  This man is a liar and he is corrupt. You should have had someone do your home work better.
wrong mr.trump he is embedded with McConnell Moore is better
That's too bad; Strange is an establishment RINO. Moore needs to win; he is a REAL conservative. Are YOU?
Luther Strange is a crook. Tell Ivanka her man Luther is not going to win.
I WOULD LIKE FOR YOU TO RECONSIDER YOUR SUPPORT FOR LUTHER STRANGE...a concerned citizen.
Honorable Trump, what happened to your SOLEMN PROMISE MEXICO WAS PAYING FOR WALL?  Why would you need Congress and USAers to pay for it?  
Tax cuts only for wealthy ? Does your base realize who you really are working for ? It's NOT the American people  !
Your endorsement of Luther Strange obliterated his chances.  Keep your mouth shut.
Mr. President, you did  a great  job  in Phoenix, keep up the good work! !!
Are you serious. Grow up and lead the country
Great speech, excellent determination, no tell NFL to stand up or boycott side door with godell
WISHING NOTHING BUT TONS OF SUCCESS! WE NEED PEOPLE LIKE HIM!
Alabama doesnt have a foreign border genius. DUMB
You blew it on this one, sir?  Why did you not endorse Judge Moore? A good man that loves God and country. #baffled
People talking about Trump playing golf...that is all Obama did in eight years and nothing else
Nothing worth hearing comes out of Trumps mouth
I won't vote for anyone Trump  says is good
Moore has a 20 point lead over Strange. Once again, Trump backs a loser!
Another Nazi lover.
Sorry not the rino this trip.
He does know alabama doesnt have a land border with mexico just the gulf of mexico..
I support whoever our President Trump supports. The RHINOs must go
Does he wear a white hood?
Fuk em all! You do you!
#nobodylikesyoutrump
تحيه
Do you realize he was disbarred? I guess all your cronies are crooks #YouSuck #FakePresident #NoOneLikesYou #Resign #ImpeachTrump
Everyone you've placed in positions of power have been totally unqualified for their positions...
He is a loser like u. Ur endorsement will be the reason he loses.


Hey genius, how do you CUT taxes and build a 25 billion dollar wall, spend more on military and police and not create a deficit?
We will pass around your endorsement! We need current GOP members OUT of office who are NOT supporting MAGA or who disrespect our President!
Sounds like a Strange guy
I hope so. Coulter, Jones, Stone, et.al seem to dislike him.
Again...
How u going
You do not have my endorsement.
Oh, another bigot.
And the ultimate kiss ass
What border wall? It ain't happening
I'd endorse someone, also, if their lips were locked on my ass 24 hrs perday
Is he strong in protecting our American History?  Or does he pick and chose the laws he follows?
Bull shit. He's just another TRUNT.
Becaise.they need a wall in bama
Having an endorsement from @realDonaldTrump is like owning equity in a shitty trump subsidiary. #worthless and a tax reporting hassle
Hannity does not support him !
Mr. President, Mr. Strange is an acolyte of Sen. McConnell. Please endorse Judge Moore instead. #DrainTheSwamp
Good reason not to vote for Strange
Did you know Alabama has the highest opiate addiction rates in the country?  You did really good in Alabama didn't you?
Your support is tainted with corruption.
Listen:
Hate you
Luther Strange must suck a mean dick. He's all you talk about. You know what they say, if @FLOTUS isn't doing it for you, call ol' Luther.
Does Trump read all of the replies?
Stupid Wall #NotAmericasPresident #FakePresident #NotMakingAmericaGreatAgain #RacistInChief  #racistPOTUS  #Hitlerreborn #IdiotInChief
Your endorsement means nothing, your track record reflects that honestly
I hope the Dems come out and show who's boss!!
Wrong on this one
You mean the wall you were caught lying about in a phone call with the president of Mexico
What about Alt-Right?
No to the full wall!
Another racist criminal?

Dear Sir
#Prophecies_Of_Nostradamus 
#SantRampalJi is
"World-Victorious Saint"…
He s gonna lose cause McConnell backed him which means he will be in his back pocket
Not
he will vote how puppet master McConnell tells him how to vote he owes mitch 10 mil you backed wrong horsein that race
Funny. I didn't know Alabama borders Mexico. BECAUSE IT FUCKING DOESN'T! What does Strange know???!!!
Have you considered taxing unearned income over $5 mil a year? That would offset losses from more corporate welfare. Then lift the #SSI cap.
Judge Roy Moore is brave, smart, and loyal. We like him. Feels like a better fit suited to Alabamians. He will stay true.
Mr. President I would work for you. You tell it like it is. The violence was on both sides.Tired  of the media bashing anything you say.
I'm with ya man just say the word!
There goes his chance
So in other words he must be as unsavoury as Trump.
45 is a traitor now he gonna get what we the people need to see is his fall.
I hope all the people can get out to vote for him to join the team of good people you are backing
Keep up the Great work your doing
Your doner 45 you supported the neo Nazis step down and take you punishment. You lost your entire administration.
I can't believe your still talking about that stupid wall idea.
Get more people involved!
That should doom him!
NO...... he is not a TRUE conservative.
I burned your tweet.
Okay!
His fault? He is supported by potato face Mitch. He needs to separate himself from Mitch or he will lose bigly.
And he's crooked as the day is long.  Just like you!
#resign
of course he is, not his state that will get one
I love ya Trump but I voted for Roy Moore , got to respect the man that stood up for morals while on the Supreme Court in Alabama
And he LOST. So much for your support having a positive effect
You Will endorse anyone who is not against you.
I will vote for those u endorse n so will millions more -! More power to Pres Trump-!!!
Which border: Mississippi or Georgia?
Wrong man Mr. Pres. He's McConnell's yes man. Mo Brooks is mo better for America!
I VOTED FOR ROY MOORE.

WE NEED GOOD FIGHTER THAT SUPPORT YOUR AGENDA!!!
Support Judge Roy can help you beat the swamp
https://twitter.com/Axel39557413/status/897846692174864384 …
Luther Strange is terrible. I don't agree with Trump on this..
The #FreeKevinTrudeau cause? IT IS ABOUT YOUR #freedom 's ...
@POTUS you love #justice right? Well then #FREEKEVINTRUDEAU
Probably a racist like you as well!!!
你说什么，可以翻译成中文吗
Every foctor i know works for a living only 1 seems to tweet for a living. Dont you have aborted fetus body parts to harvest?
Mconnells wife is taking up space at DOT. CAN HER ASS NOW! shes worthless. Must run in the family.
NO, MR PRESIDENT, JUDGE MOORE!!
He will turn on you and do what McConnell wants
I thought you wanted to #DraintheSwamp ?  No to #LutherStrange then.
You have no money for the wall and you are promising both tax cuts and a wall?!!
How's he on condemning Nazi's and white nationalists? Oh yep - he's totally up your alley!
Idiot!
You sir are my President, I pray fer our country.. and the media to stop taking bits of information and continuing aiding in our division
Hopefully he won't be another John McCain and the other two that are just Republicans  in name
Do you know the lyrics to "I Wish, I Was in Dixie" by heart yet?
#ImpeachTrump
Why would anyone want your endorsement? You are unfit to be POTUS.
Well done. He came a strong second
Stand against anyone that supports a climate of hate and oppression.
Yeah they should build a wall around you so you can't infect people with your stupidity
I like the judge
P
@charlesppierce Appears Luther's support in AL matches yours nationwide  can U say unpopular boys & girls?  I knew u could
Luther Strange sounds like a comic book name,mix between Lex Luther and Dr Strange lol.keep up the good work President Trump 
if he has your endorsement he needs to go
Not priorities, trump. Luther is throwing his career away if he accepts your endorsement.
