18 states have already sued, even a Republican governors say this is bad. Only a evil bastard takes healthcare from millions of kids. #25th

Hahaha,  here's some facts, Trump let  #chip expire, took 19 million kids healthcare.  Sabotaged ACA, took BC mandate from women.
It is a fact that the federal government controls the people with government mandated healthcare.
I have my own healthcare, government did not mandate anything to me. Trump Care is Death Care.
Obamacare was an abysmal failure.
Here you go again, one last time. ACA needs work, fix it. A Bipartisan fix would be best. (1)
(2 ) Trump already eliminated healthcare for millions of kids.  Sabotaged Women's health care rights. Sabotaged ACA website.
I have traveld to six different countries the past 5 months and I haven't met a single person who respects that guy, not one. Just saying.
Don't listen to Tate. The Trenbolone sandwiches fried his brain.
No, you Executive Order just priced me, and my daughter has a chronic issue, out of health insurance,  #MAGAmyass
Loser President!  Can only sign Executive Orders...can't get anything done!!  LOSER!!!!!!
36% approval rating, Donnie. Winning.
FU for many reasons, including this, and not commenting on the California fires which have killed 35 people. #presidentasshole
This is what happens when a rich spoil brat  becomes president!!
Quite proud of yourself, aren't you? It doesn't really matter that it may actually hurt people. You just care that you did it.
https://goo.gl/zkEzkp  https://goo.gl/vWsYRc  https://goo.gl/AcXQw3 
You sound like a 3yr old. You don’t need to share that your proud of yourself Donald. 
stop shariah laws in our courts cities, child brides, thighing. stop Muslims taking over r country cause they keep calling discrimination

Really? Good to know that everyone can blame you when they can't afford healthcare coverage. #IdiotInChief #25thAmendment
It won’t help omg how dumb can one be?
Great Job, Sir, Thank You
Shame on you!

I'd ask if you could be any more stupid but I'm pretty sure that's not possible.
Translation: Very proud of my EO which will greatly reduce access & raise costs for HealthCare. Millions of people will die!#Trumpcarekills
“I have taken money out of the healthcare system and I am very proud of myself! Some are saying that many will die! Maybe thousands! Proud!”
“Premiums will rise! Many are saying that these premiums will be the highest ever! Obama was letting poor people have insurance! Sad! Weak!”
Here in AZ the average monthly premium is $3114 for a family of 4, with a 6K deductible another $500 a month. Thanks Obama for the low price
False. If this stands some people will be fooled to buy worthless insurance and will go bankrupt when they need healthcare. #Trumpcare
Insurance companies love to sell worthless insurance.

Most the premium goes to the bottom line.

Let's get rid of them, Medicare for All.
Gold star for you boo.
Your proposal is  unless every American has coverage. Universal healthcare is the only real solution. @SenSanders
You're insane.
Liar. Millions will lose coverage. You're making sure of that. Cementing your legacy of being the worst leader this country had ever known.
Another lie


Bye ;)
You are complicit in all that is wrong in America. Protect your pussy sweetheart he'd grab it in a second. Feel sorry for you.
They must not get any pussy ..thats why they keep saying it to me lmao
They really think anything they say affects me in any way!!!
Are you on crack?
50 EO’s in 10 months to Obama’s 26. You ripped Obama calling him a dictator that couldn’t get party votes. How does being a dicktator feel?
You far left liberals make ME sick. Best President ever.
Very proud of my Executive Order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for HealthCare. Millions of people benefit!
You’re proud of an order that will throw the insurance markets into chaos, take healthcare away from millions, and literally kill people?
There’s no discernible strategy to what you’re doing to healthcare or pulling out of the Iran deal other then on doing what Obama did, sick!
#Trump is a self absorbed, incompetent, sociopath who’s reign of terror will cause sick people to die & thrust us into war! #25thAmendment
Do u c the spineless low life Congress stepping up!
That's not what the insurers are saying.
“It’s going to hurt kids…vets…everybody.” Republican gov warns Trump on health care cuts 
#TROLL ALERT
#OCD Obsessive-Compulsive
fixated on Hillary 2016
angry, bitter, vengeful 
poor winner
negative terms
MONITOR
#TwitterTrolls
Trumpanzees are more obsessed w/HRC then anyone else. They tell us to get over it, Trump won.  1/2
So obtusely clueless, they're totally missing the point. It's not abt who lost, it's abt the crazy, inept megalomaniac who is POTUS now. 2/2
We didn't forget you elected an incompetent, self-serving, insane person to lead our country straight to hell.

Now, bug off.  #TwitterTroll
End Private Insurance Monopolies
100yrs ago you had to buy fire insurance. No insurance, & your house burns. Same with healthcare.
RT @realDonaldTrump @RandPaul #WeThePeople want you to focus on: TRUTH, SUBSTANCE, QUALITY, & the RIGHT STUFF; RE: #Healthcare & #TaxReform.
No, Millions of people are going to die, this sadly! might be what finally brings u down. pity many have to die #25thAmendmentNow
So many triggered sore loser, fantasy world living, low info liberal socialist #Democrats . . . #Trump is just the man #America needs! D'oh
Your sexual predator child raping man child in chief is a fraud & a crook, Period!, I have an intuition on whos going to get the last laugh
Defeated & distraught sore loser low info liberal socialist #snowflake #Democrats sure love their own lies & BS. Hilarious! 
Is that all you can do is pretty much repeat the same talking points over & over again? vocabulary limited low info republiKKKcan huh?, SAD!
It's hilarious that you like and retweet your own tweets!  you're clearly your own best fan!  Poor liberal socialist #Democrats!
your tears are delicious! Mmmmm mmm! Poor defeated & distraught Diva! Too hilarious! 
#Trump #MAGA #tcot #cnn #resist #antifa
No one believes that.  No one.  You've just fucked the poorest.  Congratulations you own it now.  It's now TRUMPCARE.
That is all such incorrect information.  More people than ever have insurance. It created jobs, got people healthy,  made healthcare better
I'm a registered nurse w 2 degrees.   You?
All I can tell you is there is room for improvement but more Americans have insurance then ever before and that's good for everyone.
YOU ARE KILLING THE AMERICAN PEOPLE U SOB
@kellyz713 @kiki22wj @sawsharee @Merlin333 @MooPersists @JimONeilPOV @sparkgold68 @jcelibert66 @TearsInHeaven09 @EJLandwehr
Mr. President stop this now don't let them take our flags or crosses our prayers the Pledge of Allegiance away do it immediately
more good than there are evil  all of us Christians Unite people that don't want to honor the flag  and stand up are destroying America

WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU SO PROUD OF!! EVERYTHING YOUVE DONE WHILE IN OFFICE HAS CAUSED CHAOS!!!
And a huge hit to the middle class.
I work, I go to school, I am active in the community and you're taking away my life.
What happened with not using executive orders because you where a great negotiator?
will this health care cover my auto immune disease of endometriosis? or is it a “go fuck myself” for being born with it?
YOU ARE A LIAR! People are going to lose their insurance, pay higher premiums and higher healthcare costs! People will die BECAUSE of you!
Millions of millionaires? By ending access to millions of kids, disabled, elderly & the chronically sick. Who do you think you are? Hitler?
Despicable human being is what you are, throwing millions of your fellow Americans under the bus like this. Shame on you.
I still think that health care should be cheaper.
#persiangulf_forever
You just SUCK. #PleaseResign
It's unbecoming any mature, intelligent person to continuously brag on yourself. VERY IMMATURE. #FakePresident
I wonder how he feels knowing he is the most disturbing and disrespected person to hold the office Fake President
POTUS you do realise you are the only established economy and democracy that still doesn’t have universal healthcare
Congrats!! More people rush to sign up for ObamaCare ... he's just better than you in every way.
Early ACA signups are outpacing last year's, after months of uncertainty over efforts to end health-care program http://on.wsj.com/2yMahtP 
You are CRUEL and SPITEFUL, Karma please step in...
The biggest liar in the world yet so many people fall for this conman
Liar
You are a liar and you are only out to benefit the wealthy...you and your friends at the top. #youaretheswamp #notmypresident
Lolz #FakePresident
Help Puerto Rico Mr Trump don't make us regret voting for you
Very proud of you President Donald Trump. Always have since you started running.
Egg
You do realize that no one else is FKN proud of you?
Many of the 1 mil people estimated to lose health care bc of your bill, voted for you. I’d find it hilarious if it wasn’t so sad. #maga
Stop mandatory flu vaccines for healthcare providers!! It’s injuring some of us!! For the love of God!! Stop healthy Americans 2020!!
Oh so true Joe.
It has been said to "MAGA," but in truth I tell you:
We should all Make Everywhere Great Again. #MEGA
Come and See--Click and Scroll. Everybody link back to this, my account, and my tweets:
https://twitter.com/ChrisDownsBooks/status/920113102242291713 …
Share This File:
https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B3lfnOKSNC-9ZjFMYmNrNUZ0Uk0 …

Mega Drives (Mainly thousands of Weather Modification pictures and videos)
https://mega.nz/#F!w3QRGJZB!OVNzjKUyChhXqJyAZlso8w …

https://mega.nz/#F!E7wFjCqJ!hx_0HR71Oqjn6xsRUBexLg …

Google Drive (contains most main files)
https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B3lfnOKSNC-9SkNEdnVvNXdhUkk …

SHOW ALL those and this: https://Twitter.com/ChrisDownsBooks 
We’ve told you multiple times just because you tweet something with an exclamation point doesn’t make it a fact.
I am very proud of President Barack Obama who truly cared for the American people. You will never measure up to him . Hurry up Mueller.
RT @realDonaldTrump For SUCCESS, Rule #1: You Work For The #American People; Rule #2: See Rule #1. You Don't Work For Big Corps & #Congress
And it took you how many months to make healthcare great again?
You are attacking the Entire Health System the affects All Americans. Your cruelty will fall back on yo. Not what we expect of leaders.
So glad you’re proud of killing your base of minions in the red states of miopia. Worst President in history hands down, not even close.Liar
Lie number 13643574 man who cried wolf
Can’t believe a word that comes out of your mouth. Real shame.
Would love to set you straight on your so called expanded access.  Now it doesn’t have to include quality care.  Gee, you must be proud.
Meanwhile premiums in PA projected to rise 30% due to your awesome EO
The Liar in Chief has done it again.
I know. Ridiculous.

You should only be proud of the fact that somehow you fool a few people into believing you should still be in office. #urhorrible
Thank you Mr. President!!  
I hope you stick to this unlike ending subsidies   13k/year plus 15k deductible.  I'm still waiting
It does the opposite.
Millions of people also suffer because of it
Liar!!!
Your so full of shit it's Fucking ridiculous. Ur only agenda is to kill American people through lack of healthcare & nukes. FUCK YOU
All dictators are "very proud" of edicts!
Hypocrite! What did you say about Obama on executive order?
#Obamacare @Obamacare
Fake news.
Killa in chief...it just doesn't sound as good as O B A M A.
Yup, I bet it’ll help millions of rich people while the middle class get screwed and the poor just get dumped out of the system!!
I don’t think so!
You truly are disconnected from reality and away I didn't think was possible
I would like to get a job in my field but to many hold this position with no degree and I hold 2 would have held 3 but couldn't pay for it
Liar!!
.
FU, Donny. ACA premiums in PA set to spike by over 30 % because of YOUR decision to end payments on subsidies for your unsuspecting base.

You have blood on your hands.
You are the only person proud of your order. It is another attack against minorities and the poor by You and your administration. Just sad!
Bullshit
I'm surprised lines aren't forming right now to shit on your Hollywood star...
Dear Sir, if YOU truly want this "problem" fixed YOU would remove the health care subsidy that Congress receives. GET THE LED OUT. #MAGA
Obamacare h/already blown up too expensive deductibles & premiums. Only Medicaid users were benefitting by 100% subsidies. MC still here
Hope it covers whatever is wrong with your mind.
I'll lose mine. Thanks, I like dieing.
For the first time since healthcare was hijacked, I'm hopeful I'll be able to find coverage I can afford. #MakeInsuranceAffordableAgain
Hahahaha. It won't cover anything and if you have a pre existing illness you'll get even less
First of all, more than that will die!!!
You're proud of putting millions off of Health Care because of a ego trip?
No your sentence structure is all wrong again Mr president. Didn't you mean, "My people will benefit millions."
You are a sad sack! Millions of people LOSE COVERAGE. Millions of other taxpayers will have to fill the gap because of your EO. #ACAsabotage
Hey who's the president of the virgin islands?
2/2 the ramifications to their wallets they'll have no one to blame but their stupid selves.
TrumpCare will kill & bankrupt people. You're proud of that?  #sad
You’re proud of a lot of things you do. Aren’t you, Donald?
Costs higher with less cvge is not good. 
Millions will have no insurance 
Plse work for all of us You don't check what you sign.
Or... Not. #FuckingMoron
You are a LIAR and a FAILURE. why do you hate America so much??
You're a dummy.
You know what is sad, You shouldn’t have to tweet Your successes as POTUS if News Medias weren’t so politically Left! So wrong & sad to see!
You are the single biggest failure that has ever resided in the White House. #Loser #SAD #TrumpFailsAmerica #TrumpIsAJoke  #IMPEACH
God help you for using ur vindictiveness & jealousy against PRES OBAMA to take away something that is helpin a WHOLE v ppl- includin ur base
Great job Mr. President!
Obama care is a disaster, all it does is rob hard working people and strip them of their rights !
Very good! As the Dark One I congratulate you on making it more expensive for poor children to be healthy. What a great accomplishment.
Stop kidding yourself healthcare will not go down & millions will lose their healthcare!!!!  Did you actually learn anything in
school?
Or did you just sit there & count Daddies money?
It's  a form of bullying to hold peoples health in hostage to get your way

How do you know this will be the outcome?
bull shit
Very proud 2 have removed money from the healthcare system, caused premiums 2 skyrocket,& likely doomed thousands of people 2 die! SAD..SAD
Maybe 1 or 2 People would be more accurate
I smile because everyone thinks Trump going to read your reply.
If you only knew the first thing about your job
You are such a fool! Millions will be uninsured.
Lower cost and no coverage again the insurance companies when in the American people lose
we need to get rid of Obama Care completely.   We need to get ppl off of welfare - they are depleting this country's funds.
Fucking kidding me
And @JoeNBC brilliant healthcare solution remains a secret!
Nobody benefits. OBAMACARE will survive & thrive!
Using donors money to pay for Trumps legal fees
Glad you're proud of screwing up healthcare.  Most people have another take on it.
I thought you said that signing executive orders is what tyrants like Obama did ? Hypocrite much ?
U R a MORON! #ImpeachNOW #CheetoMustGo
Eventually the dems will get this and the Rhinos. They will be standing in line at the cafeteria and say OH yeah.....
It does the opposite and puts lives at risk. what the fuck is wrong with your head?
#POTUS is “very proud” of a single reckless action, endangering the lives of America citizens by Executive Order.

Takes away my parents health care thank you very much
Sow it to the public all talk and no proof
Need to tweek association group beyond employees. Most of us hit are independent contractors. We need to be included.
Try living on SS.
I do not think you really know what your actions will cause? Are you Mad?
Give credit where credit's due, Mr. President. @RandPaul helped u, right?
 #Draintheswamp & make sure #SwampFoxes don't get sucked out!

Idiot
Oops. Premiums already going up.
Everybody knows you are trying to make ACA fail. Boy are your supporters going to have (or already have) buyers remorse.

JUST IN: Pennsylvania ObamaCare premiums will rise 30 percent after Trump cut subsidies http://hill.cm/PTBHI44  
What you just did was get millions kicked off Healthcare plans. Way to go Dumbass!
No they won't. You are just letting the Republicans hand the wealthy a nice tax break at the expense of the middle class and poor people.
Fuck you. My health insurance just got cancelled. Oh and by the way I pay for my full coverage. Ladybon phine said it was because of you
Do you really believe this??
