Can't wait to see each and every one of tRump and his goons in jail!
Never happen, Fake news, your wasting your time.
Keep telling yourself that, the arrests should be starting soon...
Yea but not who you think!
Of course it will be. It's coming straight from the AG of N.Y. and the only people they're investigating are the ones with Russian ties.
Which will lead them straight to the Orange monstrosity and his goons.
All the corruption is on the left!
You must do stand up! Lol
You can take this to the Bank! Trump will straighten things out and Russia and the rest will come around and peace will reign
I on the other hand have a different opinion! But that doesn't make either of us correct! I believe Russia/China and USA will come together
So I ask. Did you vote for Trump?
I also voted for Trump and in 2012 I voted for a party I'm sure you never heard of! 2008 I didn't like anyone from both parties didn't vote!
The Republicans have money for war but not for the citizens of the United States. The Republican party should be abolished for its crimes.
Democrats gave it all to the free loaders, your lucky there's any left for war!
Republicans are greedy warmongers and will have an impeached President.
Wishful thinking but not going to happen!
can’t wait until the first arrests in #TrumpRussia
Susan Rice will probably be the 1st.
Can't arrest a girl for doing her job within the law, but thanks for playing!
:)
Yeah, that's it.
Todd remembers a time when there were no Susan Rices and everyone wanted to be John Wayne. 

Todd remembers.
The world would be better off with no Susan Rice and a hell of a lot of John Wayne's.
God, this guy can't stop.  He lives the punchline.  Owns it, yet ultimately misses it completely.  

I am transfixed by Todd Ackerman.
Kinda making me giggle... Share my popcorn, Rags?
Love that Moab bomb! We got those sons of ..... that shot our guy the other day! Now that Obama are the new terms of engagement!Boom!
YES! The Drudge Report is a reliable source of news. I'm glad THE PRESIDENT is getting accurate information to share with the public.
Adam Schiff 2020!!!!!
What do you now mean by "Fast and Furious" being that it is in quotes ?
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews. A Colorado military fubar a cross bread squirrel and tiger a squiger
Why on Earth is the President of the United States retweeting this? No offense, but doesn't he have better sources than Drudge Report?
#DrainTheSwamp #MAGA #MOAB #ThursdayThoughts
Hilarious!! Ronald Reagan Joke About Democrats
Their platform is a pile of &#%$ 
#MAGA
#Trump…
Did this happen because of the Election of @realDonaldTrump ?????
Yes
Foreign intelligence services of our allies say your campaign was COLLUDING with Russian hacking of our election. Make American great again!
What was it?
@realDonaldTrump  Please fire ALL Obama-era staffers!  Who could trust them?!
THIS is what you retweet? You're truly an embarrassment and a stain on our great nation.
#ThursdayThoughts #DrainTheSwamp
Muslims call for the creation of an All-Muslim Army to impose Sharia Law & Overtake Australian Gov-
#WednesdayWisdom
If anyone wants to know what a Russian troll account looks like this is a PERFECT example
Love it!!!! Love when you liberals cling so tightly to ur Russian bot theory. Brings me SUCH joy 2know u literally have nothing else
Says the "girl" (?) From no where & pic reflects way 2 young to quote anything Reagan. #ownUrbot ness, way 2 #Obvious
God how stupid! Lol Maybe u are from 1950 where young pple just wade out in cornfields. But this is 21st century. We know more thn u thnk
Old enough to see nothing abt LOVE 4fashion/style ANYWHERE on ur line but ALL abt "politics?" SCREAMS #RussianBot
Not great until this says you're arrested.
So what? We only care about important news. Things like #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #ImpeachTrump #LockHimUp. Now, back to the news.




OK
I'll be dancing FAST and FURIOUS at the #ImpeachmentParty like
If youre calling impeaching destroying ISIS off the face of the earthThat's the only impeachment that's going to happen.Our POTUS is to stay
trump is a gross disgusting liar.


What's w/ Drudge/Fox/Breitbart & InfoWars? I won't bother 2 read rt-wing drivel. Watch out, you'll become extreme, oh wait ... too late!
No worries. You and members of your Administration will be facing the same thing soon no matter how many bombs you drop for distraction

Is this necessary? God is counting on you to do the right thing...
Good job!
Does anyone remember something about, uh. Let’s see... #InnocentUntilProvenGuilty ??? Or #SomethingLikeThat
Yeah and obama and eric holder were behind that shut your faces trump haters obama is foing down worst president ever thats a fact!!!!!!!
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews whenever Russia  collusion gets closer to you, the "look over here" tweets start.

why did you rt this…
learn which countries you're bombing, show us your taxes, support an independent investigation & forget Obama & Clinton
Liberals can't take it that president Trump is running rings around Obama n his first 100 days. Obama is failed president his Legacy is gone

This 1st Family are billionaires Not thievish ghetto rats
That perfectly describes the tRumps.
Theiving, conning, ghetto rats.
Sorry honey Not Black peeps  playing the race card #MAGA
What in gods name is going on in that tiny brain of yours?

Dear god isn't that the truth! And I bet they're all gross and soggy from all those prostitutes in Moscow too! 
What another disastrous B. O. “lose more money & power” past failure adminstration that created the mother of all messes for u to deal with.
Oh this must be fake news..where the actors at??
@realDonaldTrump real Don't forget Eric Holder and Barrack Obama as part of those that were involved with that scandal
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: GREAT AGAIN: FEDS ARREST MURDER SUSPECT IN 'FAST AND FURIOUS' SCANDAL... http://fxn.ws/2o7NY8K ...
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews
NK testing nukes
Syria reeling from tomahawks
Afghanistan gets the #MOAB treatment
Where is Trump?
Of course.
http://nbcnews.to/2oCJhqn 
Trump's Mar-a-Lago travel triggers cost and ethics concerns
Lmao! You're kidding right?! He doesn't take a PAYCHECK  like his useless predecessor and is creating PROSPERITY unlike his predecessor did!
It's amazing that even peeps like yourself with the IQ of a turnip are able to complete a sentence, let alone breath without assistance. 
Things Trump will attack: Politicians both Left&Right,allies,Ect.

Things Trump won't attack: @KremlinRussia_E 
Trump: "We've just launched 59 missiles heading to Iraq"
Bartiromo: "Woa-wo. Headed to Syria"
Trump: "Yes... Syria"
NATO Secy General Stoltenberg, alongside Trump, on Russia: “We don’t want a new cold war.”
We don't want a cold war w/Russia but we want to have a nuke war with North Korea. Smell the treason in the air...Springtime for Trump
the wind of War is at hand in the Yellow Sea. All nations assembled to carry out War...
 NK testing nukes 
Syria reeling from tomahawks
Afghanistan gets the #MOAB treatment
@isitreallysin @Geraldanthro @tahino1
@realDonaldTrump Investigation of ties to Russia continues. Collusion already found, now looking for coordination.
Fake news, your wasting your time.
Can't await for the "Trump arrested" headline that's if he doesn't kill us all in a nuclear war first
Such a drama queen 
Whoever gave him the gun, should be tried as an accessory to murder.
Eric Holder and Obama put that in motion.
Fake News. It was GW. You can look it up.
There was a similar operation under Bush called wide receiver. Fast and Furious started October 2009
Ah, thank you. So what was it about Wide Receiver that made everyone so outraged? I do not recall
Wasn't "Wide receiver" ppl are pissed at its Obama and Holder "Fast and furious" that's gotten ppl killed.
Oh, so when GW sold guns, we were cool with it? Okay. I'm caught up now. Thanks.
It was the guns sold in Fast & Furious that or used to kill our border agents and Supply the Mexican cartel
It was part of an ongoing Obama investigation that already caught and convicted 4 members of the gang.
And yet this doesn't stop you from irrationally trying to give Trump the credit, nor Trump from irrationally trying to take credit. Weak.
Trump demonstrating his xenophobia and trying to encourage this in his base. Sick, dangerous, foul man. #impeach45 #treason #kompromat #liar
Also arrest Eric Holder the architect of 'Fast & Furious'. He was impeached for lying & should be serving time.
Wow you made a tweet with a popular movie in it - http://stupidtrump.blogspot.com/ 

Ever notice that all Drudge Reports contain sensitive material according to Twitter? Censorship?
Donald, how about concerning yourself with veterans, healthcare, education, and keeping us out of a war. Fuck foxnews and drudge, ok?

 Border Wall Design 
   Watch and Share 
         
https://youtu.be/3o0pi2nUGP4  
At the rate Donnie is going, USA will be bankrupt before we can get him out.
Justifying your actions against immigrants by repeating news learned on Fox, still makes you a poor leader. Stop the PROPAGANDA.Do your job.
They're coming after you next, Donald!  RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA
SHOW YOUR TAX RETURNS IF U AREN'T HIDING SOMETHING!
Wondering what the real story is, since Drudge Report is consistently inaccurate and actually makes many things up. Maybe for you?
Fox "News" and Drudge Report are all FAKE NEWS!!!!! Just like you're a fake president, Donnie!
Let us not forget-  Susan Rice ( & Obama ?) implicated in spying on Trump et al..  War fever is covering this up.
This is your media source really.
THIS MEANS OBAMA COULD HAVE DONE SO ANY TIME HE WANTED BUT HE DID NOT WANT TO! THUS again. HE was a TRAITOR!
Why are you insistent on retweeting news sources that only considered conservative? Try speaking to all people, not just your nutty base!
That arrest would never have happened on Obama's watch. He had no interest in law and order.
Great Arrest. Beware of the PINK HAT DEVIL HORNED MONSTERS running around. They want to kill/abort black babies. They are abominations.
That's one Obama agent hopefully off the scene
As president - 17 trips to golf, 0 to a church. Just keeping score.
Where R those WMDs that took this country to war and destabilized the ME?
Fox news? Really? You get your information from them?Please watch the BBC for a few days instead. you won't be disappointed.
How does it feel to completely let the children down?
HOPE HE KILLED HIM

Fake fox news again
Drudge again, not great, b******* News, quit quoting Trump friendly garbage
I'm glad the president needed to retweet this.
Corruptionin #CentralAmerica is way off D #charts #Mexico a #corrupt #Champion even supreme justice play #4PAY's
The killing-fields in #CentralAmerica w/#numbers counted by clandestine #cemeteries done by #corrupt government
Because Drudge is Real News, and Seymour Hersh is Fake News...
Idiot has all intelligence reports available to him, 
but he can't grasp or sit still long enough for it,
so quotes Drudge and Fox.
President hypocrite
Look!  Over there!  Shiny thing with zero relevance!
Drudge Report?
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Mexico arrested this guy 5 1/2 years ago? Why didn't Obama extradite him?
Why aren't the mainstream media reporting on this? You forgot to ask. LOL
No interest in truth or justice. But if it hurts Obama, Obama's people or Clinton it's awesome. Dishonoring Terry for raw politics. Asshole!
Translation: "Russia?! What Russia?! Nothing To see here! LOOK Corporate M$M! Something SHINY over there!" Not gonna work Conald.
Looking forward to the arrest of DT. Praying it will be this weekend.
Are you mentally ill?
DOES THAT MEAN MILLIONS OF JOBS ARE COMING? HEALTHCARE? TRUMP'S TAXES? VISITOR LOGS? RUSSIAN PUPPET?
The Bigly news is Trump soon to be arrested for collusion with foreign Gov, & helping Russia w/money laundering.
Oh hey look a non-headline, from decade old non-story. Don't you have better shit to be doing?
KNOT NOOSE drudge just another Wikileaks for t-RUMP's Soviet partnership to sell out USA for GREED&POWER of 2%ers who own gop WHITEboy party
Why would a president be tweeting this news, we have computers, newspapers and the radio/TV etc.., we don't need INSECURE Donald
to boob Trump
 A nuclear bomb in Hiroshima made great Japan
  A large non-nuclear bomb in Afghanistan will create a great Islamic nation
Imagine that Twitter accidentally broke on a POTUS tweet.
I CAN SEE ABSOLUTELY NO REASON WHY ERICK HOLDER & ANYONE ELSE CONNECTED WITH F&F SHOULD NOT BE IN FRONT OF A FIRING SQUAD!!     DPECKOVICH

wotta bunch of jerks you are https://istrumpatmaralago.org/ 
Russia Russia Russia
Fake news, your wasting your time.
Not really
Shouldn't you be getting this info from your intelligence, not Fox entertainment???

hey #Trump #EatADick
need obama and holder to be arraigned on that one of many scandals.
Love all your distractions and the fact that you have a new love other than golf, bombs. You're a meathead!
Can't wait til Trumpbots start getting arrested for TREASON. It IS coming. Hope Jared goes to prison. What an odd bird he is.
This is where Don gets his so called "news"? Lol.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJbnNWXHffE … la siembran y la cosecha y las mandan PARA EL OTRO LADO
YES!!
I can't wait till FEDS arrest Russian Spies who turned Stone,Flynn,Manafort&Page traitor  and they"ROLL OVER"on Putin's puppet. LOCK HIM UP!
Why is this newsworthy?   Don't the police/feds arrest 100's every single day?
yea but not arrests of killers using guns sold by the administration!
Drudge...the original fake news.
We could be great again if the @GOP would put Country over #NRA money. This hairbrain scheme by incompetent ATF agents allowed straw buy gun
this is another BS from Obama Adm. that CNN & MSNBC never bring it up!!
why do they Hate All Americans?? why???
'Concrete evidence of collusion between Trump team and Russia' handed to official investigation

Shame Feds and police officials can't arrest the murderous bastards that are roaming the streets killing people just for the hell of it.
Highly doubt my city, or this country will be any safer even if illegals are gone. Cause face it ppl of this country kill each other -
- regardless.

...implying he DOESN'T THINK, esp on (PERCEIVED),(April 13, 2017; 0:53 EDT) #ILLEGALIMMIGRANTS #TRUMP #FAIL
Source please
And Eric Holder and Obama got away with it, why is that
You retweet this, "our fearless leader," she said sarcastically, & don't speak about the loss of life in a school shooting in CA.
In losing 1 of our nation's teachers & a dear 8 y.o. boy, many issues were raised by this shooting, esp stricter gun laws...
We should also be talking about issues of domestic violence The shooter had many arrests: on a weapon's charge, domestic violence & theft.
We need to have constructive talk & take action to keep our children safe in schools, & I don't mean allowing teachers & staff to be armed.
& as importantly, how can Trump not be deeply moved by the loss of 8 y.o. Jonathan Martinez & the injury of his classmate?
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Can't wait for you to cover the impeachment hearings!  Yeah right.  You will never cover the truth.
Were the Russians involved with this sociopath, too?
FAKE NEWS - OH and of course YOU believe it!!
@realDonaldTrump Yet not a word about the white terror suspect the FBI has been chasing for ten days in WI. No wonder your polls have tanked
Looking there! Drudge found the Caps Lock key and isn't afraid to use it!
plz try stopping all wars no more innocent killings in Syria ME or anywhere else ,ppl r addicted to love u  u give immense hope
Please don't continue to cite wacko websites as actual news outlets. You fall for the cheesiest stuff!
TuT TuT, who's the least transparent president ever now?
POTUS used to be the leader of the free world.  Now you pass along fuckin' Drudge report?  You're out of your league.  Resign now!
Effective arrest to get more info on drug dealers.
You would think #Trump would be RTing the DoJ release of info since it is the source for @foxand Drudge that is he shamelessly plugging
President Bannon, is going to sick Breitbart on you, and all those bots/hackers! U fire him, he's coming for you!
In Trump world, which of these things just doesn't belong?
Holy  non-news story Batman
How's Rudy doing today? He must be FREAKING since Comey told his to kiss his ass on a plea deal.
and YOU are STILL a deadbeat donnie-
 you keep setting yourself up for loses. The judiciary will force you to maintain visitor logs. It is the people's White House, not yours.
Its a shame how obama policies have killed many american citizens in ourown homeland
The #ZeroClintonStamina fake president back for a nap ("golfing") at #LittleKremlin.
Another Obama success! The slime hated America & tried to destroy it. Just like the MS13's:
Hasn't having these immigrants enhanced the lives of those from where they came? El Salvador, Guatemala & Columbia. Go find Streep, Madonna.
Why this retweet? Are you looking for more validation? Or, are you in a rush today to go golfing? You need to have your tweet fix, right?
This guy is a POS. Glad they got him. We want you investigated, charged,  tried, impeached and imprisoned for fraud, collusion, &  treason.
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews  Good News. Now about the AG
at that time? Arrest him?
Ain't it funny how it took 7 yrs. and  a change of administration/AG. to find and capture this POS.
You're still getting your news from the same bullshit sources. 
@realDonaldTrump For the love of Pete, please stop using fringe news sources; Brietbart,Infowars,DrudgeRep not reliable

What, did you personally solve this? Like Kojak? Or Columbo?
