Don't give them any ideas, Mr. President. They are digging their own political grave with their #Resistance baloney. Let them.
They are ruthless. Terrible example of Americans. They know they have a short time so expect them to get even more sneaky.
I'm Mexican
They did.  It was called the Affordable Care Act, with hours of debates and around a hundred republican additions to the bill.
Democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with Republicans on Healthcare,Tax Cuts,Security. Obstruc...
You dont care about the poor or medicade
They're a bund of ......!
Don't worry my president God is great and the democrats are lostbecause once they love the corruption and we the people open their EYES
Does that include Obstruction of Justice?  Because you keep on trying that.  Isn't that the definition of insanity?
Seemed to have worked really well regarding Trumpcare.
Worked for tge republicans when Obama was president
Yeah, health care that we have now IS a @GOP idea, #Trump. And they did nothing but obstruct for 7 years straight! #dumb #gop
Your right. Bipartisanship works. So why did 13 GOP male senators try to do healthcare bill in secret w/ no input from experts, women& Dems?
people's money spent by Moller for all the lawyers and himself. When will Washington become servers and not live off the people.
Please..no..just expand the PUB health system!!
But.TheyAre!PureObstructionists!BecauseItsALWAYsABOUTtheMONEY!THEIR$$!THEIReverythingIncludnKEEPINGtheMINIONSstupidPromisesNEVERkept!USED!
tell Mitch
Obstruction of Justice does not either!
Please!
Except you never invited them or even tried to negotiate to a compromise. Trump is and always will be a bully expecting people to obey.
What have the GOP been doing 4 past 8 years? You want everyone to do job 4 u ,U should push ur agenda. Real news ur tax returns, show them !
Hillary did a lot of things illegal but Donald Trump Jr have only a meeting with Russian atty. where is the crime? Tired of Russia,Russia.
Hey T. Cruz,L.Graham,R.Paul & S.Collins if you have plan to run for President in 2020 you will not win cause you guys are Obstructing Trump
The Dems are united in opposing Trump on Healthcare while Republican are not. Shame on you Ted Cruz,Rand Paul,Lindsay Graham and S. Collins.
Ummm....didnt the rep sen obstruct when we had a dem pres???
Yeah just like the repukeicans supported Obam----not!
Do me a favor and please get some sleep u look sooooo tired
We would all do better if obama care were repealed as you and reps promised
يجب أن نشارك السلام والمحبة وتعليم الحب مع الحب الصالحين الله يحب الحب الذي يأتي فقط من السماوات ومن الداخل لذا يرجى إخبار الناس لزراعة أشجا
U are so right
McConnell is your 8 year expert on obstructionism. Y don't U consult w/him and his ILK????? and leave Dems out of it, since u don't need us!
Don't people understand Trump denial of Putin meddling in election because he hopes Putin help again in 2020. Obviously simple.
Agreed! Democrats have a mental disorder!
How can anything be "obstructed" by Dems? Republicans have majority in both houses and hold the White House! HUH?
You DO realize you don't understand "irony," at all!
Also, why would Dems want to destroy democracy, just to work with people, who wish to harm the American people, rather than help them?
Someone should have told Mitch McConnell and every Republican, this, while President Obama was in office, for the entire 8 years!
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJ1PDsD26zyK4FD6NeBtoK6SXUz09y94FTOv00/ …
Oh shut up! #Republicans much more #obstructionist all 8 yrs of #Obama presidency!At least he tried to include #GOP in legislative decisions
If you just didn't lie about everything, trump, maybe you'd have a better chance of success. Your lying is a huge turnoff. No one trusts you
Obstruction doesn't work when the final outcome will only be NO INSURANCE WHATSOEVER.   If that happens, it's democrats fault for resisting.
This president is a fraud and a bully. A bum doesn't care about the contry .his pocket and taking this nation down to the gutter with him.
Hey bud, welcome to America.

If you can't take it, don't dish it out.
You have divided the country mr president first you need to bring that back before anything
Tax cuts for rich? They have enough money..
Trump would be a much better President if he got together with Democrats and worked together.
And they're abandoning their constituents
you don't get it,  Dems aren't obstructing your bill. They want something that will take care of ALL the American people.
Absolutely correct. Cooperation and consensus goes a long way.
MAKE ALL HEALTHCARE COST TAX DEDUCTIBLE FROM DIME ONE.
The Dummycrats are destroying themselves....let them. With luck a pile of RINOs will go with them.
Sometimes the best thing to do is make it the most difficult for the enemy, you, to succeed in his evil
Obamacare needs to be fixed. Made better. Not worse. Shame on you.
Can you please just shut up and do your job? So sick of your antics!!!
When the President is BatSh-t Crazy and Republican Congress is spineless.  Obstruction is the only course. We need to protect all Americans
Report for target at a group.
Those that obstruct and refuse to find a common ground, they need to be voted out.  Drain the swamp.
Repulicans practically invented Obstruction!
Come out of Putin's ass for air. There was this whole closed door thing while you were away. I think you should Google it.
I am so very happy to have you as my President!  Thankyou for speaking for me. Stand proud, you are amazing. Crush obstructionslism!
Maybe if you made healthcare, tax reform, and everything else beneficial to all people and not just the billionaires you'd get cooperation
Your @GOP policies DON'T WORK! And given all your vacation time, apparently neither do you!
Republicans are just as bad..stay true and everything will work out...
Dems have turned our political parties into factions and will continue to do so because it keeps them in power. ..and the die-hard
I'm a Republican that voted for you. That is Health Care Less! Ridiculous!!!
Hate filled @morningmika critical on trump everyday for a year, upset bc of a botched facelift, #grannymika
It wasn't botched, there's only so much a dr can do with that hateful face.
I dont blame the dr, look what he had to work with.
Yes they would I am proud to have you as a president your not a sale oyt
Boohoo, you can't pass anything. Go ahead and cry. Poor baby snowflake!
Kind of hard when GOP EXCLUDES THEM in BOTH SENATE & HOUSE.  Another FALSE CLAIM FROM @POTUS
America is ducked mate
The job of the POTUS is to inspire and get the people focused to get things done. 6 months in and you have proven you can do neither.
Lol. You DO realize that it was the GOP who wouldn't work with Dems on ACA and they were lead by King Obstructionist McConnell. SAD!
And @morningmika mis still a failure
Morning Joe and Mika  bad bad bad I m with you
Sir, we all would do alot better if u just disbanded them!
Taking a page from the past 8 years of nothing but obstructionists R
GOP has an unfortunate taste for their own... mid-terms bring a new flavor to the menu #alaMainStreet #GOPAlaCarte'  @MAGA @DTS
You seem to be missing the fact that the majority of US citizens do not support the bill.
With an 18% approval rating of the Republican bill, I doubt it.
It would demolish their platform.
Sarah, why hasn't Mr. Trump invited Democrats to the White House to discuss the Healthcare bill?
Unlike YOU & your partners in crime(Rep)the Dems are paying attention to what their constituents in EVERY STATE WANT WHICH IS THE ACA!
I agree w/this but we need Rhinos to get on the Trump Train and STOP posturing every time YOU want something done!!
Hop on board! It's a fun and wonderful useless ride to nowhere.
U worry about getting your own party to support you and your tax cuts to the rich, I meant health care reform. Fake health care reform fail
U, Trump, would do so much better if u where not the leader of USA
Ur r not smart, u r a bully. Grow up.
The country would do much better if you resigned. You are an embarrassment to the office and the nation. You are a failure as president.
Seems to be working out FANTASTIC for you! Enjoy it while it lasts ... your employers (yeah US, the AMERICAN PEOPLE) won't stand for it!!
Trump- you are the only person obstructing justice. WE ALL KNOW WHAT YOU ARE UP TO!! We see thru your antics. You're falling apart now loser
Tax cuts ONLY benefit Reps. The rich get richer by paying less taxes, while the poor need money, but pay more taxes so the rich don't. Fair?
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK you. We would do better as a party if you were fired into the sun.
They learned obstructionism from Republican tea Partiers.Republicans excluded input from Democrats on health care.Try to be truthful 4 once.
Mitch McConnell is your OBSTRUCTIONIST. He was the leader of obstruction against President Obama for 8 years, and now he's doing it again.
FAKE NEWS!! Chuck Schumer sent a letter to you asking that ALL 100 Senators get together and work on healthcare. McConnell said NO!
Oh no not them please they are a mess
Democrats would be better if they weren't democrats
Why didn't the Republicans help the Dems with Affordable Care Act????
Fuck trump
Dont underestimate the  obsession of the Democrats to do nothing else for 4 years but use Mueller like a bloodhound to lynch you. Get himout
Republicants stonewalled Obama for 8 years for no reason other than blackness. We #Resist you because you're ignorant. ■■■
Yes indeed
Says the father of the "Birtherism"... You'd be great comedy if you weren't real.
I agree totally!
In the Bible and Quran the Wealthy pay taxes to the Poor not the other way around. If the Rich want to remain Rich they better listen to GOD
Europe has free Health Care for all. Canada has Universal Health Care. What is wrong with the USA having Universal Health Care ?
Why not a Medicare for all Bill like the one Bernie Sanders is proposing ?
Excuse Me Pres.Trump Ban Muslim's? It's Christian Police Killing Blacks, White Christians Shooting Up Black Churches Etc.......
You mean if everyone else would Agree with you. Or you would Fire them if you could.
I agree
The GOP should know. They did it for 8 years.
How when you lock them out?  Nah I think resistance against your murder bill would be best.
Then invite them & listen to them. Do that or plz resign Sir.
President Trump I would like to see a health plan that requires govt workers, Congress and staff to participate just like the rest of us.
Worked pretty well for 8 years against the black guy that all you GOP clowns hated.
Stop dividing people. Unite them. Stop focusing on problems. Create solutions. Lead.
Great thought, but that isn't how narcissistic bullies work.
Republican have tried to keep the Dem out the process. Just like you when you make No attempt to meet them.
Republicans OBSTRUCTED the political process for 8 years! The Dems have 7.5 years to catch up!
The democrats have attempted to do just  that... only to have the door closed in their faces by republicans. Republican = Passive Aggressive
Unite
It was OK to obstruct Obama though. You list all the things Obama rallied for. Now you wanna take credit. FAKE POTUS!
Or, perhaps take a page from the ACA and hold open discussions, hearings, and debate - then both parties won't be so quick to vote "No."
Tell that to Republicans who did precisely the same thing for 8 years.
Yes yes yes
I hear you,I voted you,but the health insurance. Would hurt many,and the elderly or low income?
Why I'm deaf and sign language help god
How about just not having the government be in charge of healthcare. Go back to the way it was with just a few mandates to protect citizens
Their all caught up on hating. Hate doesn't work...it's all about cooperation. Simply put, they all have to HATE THE MAN!
It worked for Republican Congress under Obama.  It will work here too. When the right- wing extremists are defeated, maybe then we'll talk.
Place congressmen and senators under the same healthcare plan as everyone else and you will get a good plan for all!
You are schizophrenic. How can they get together when you lock them out? Another convoluted lie. I've never known anyone who lies like you
How are they suppose to accomplish that?  It was under lock and key.  You just want them to vote for it.
That is not how governments work though is it
You must be super disappointed in him.
Go trump
Republicans would know. You bunch of hemorrhoids spent 8 years obstructing everything you could.
They don't realize,"party" implies "platform", not let's have fun with everyone else's $$$ and at their expense and well being
,Why don't you do something practocal instead of critizing democrates.
Think they'd Need Many Priests skilled in Exorcism to make that occur, I read they think They R their Problem=Really they didn't know?! Wow.
What an embarrasment Mitch McConnell is! His bill does NOT repeal OC. If he wore his skirt in public we would mistake him for Nancy Pelosi.
To even ask us to get together with you on this health care is like asking us to commit suicide with you
isn't obstruction how you got to pick a Supreme Court judge?
why dont you try reaching across the aisle???
Idiot
What was wrong with the previous deal before obama care?
Is it true the people who have Medicaid and those on programs who are less fortunate will loose the coverage they have?
What appeals to that population mass, videos of American dream success stories?? We should find it and blast it out, get on board.
Hard to do this with the R leadership working in secret.  You really are twisted if you think that's good governing.
Your OWN party doesn't even want to be associated w/you!Your OWN party rejects your new 'healthcare' plan.I pray u get charged w/obstruction
Yes, looking for similarities not differences and working on those gets things done
why didn't the Repubs let any Dems into their secret meeting talking about the health care plan?
The parties are not supposed to get along ... we need more conservatives to take seats .
Why don't the parties have to get along if it's all for the sake of the United States and its people why is there a debate
Simple .. they are Democrats with terrible ideas . Don't worry though .. the #gop always finds a way to get along and surrender. 
It's what they seem best able to do these days.
