Please resign. Do what's in americas best interest.
When you have a fake president faking leadership real prob. bcome bigger problms. @HouseGOP quit playing politics & do what's right! Impeach
Departing for Long Island now. An area under siege from #MS13 gang members. We will not rest until #MS13 is eradica… htt...
Oh Good God, Listen to You , then we had KKK Neo nazis and white supremacist on Sat Aug 12 th to which trump gave a wink and nod.
What's the holdup!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!???????????????
Too bad you didn't use this strong stance against the KKK, Neo-Natzi's and White Supremacists. Your alliance is obvious
Yes we are with you all the way from N. Korea to health care make all of government have Obama care too . so drain the swamp !!!
Trump: go-getter, achiever, ruthless & knows what American people want. :) Obama: Divider in Chief & America Ruiner! GO TRUMP! :)
So sorry to read all the disrespectful comments.  Praying for you and your administration.
Long Island Tea time?
Won't rest until Bannon Miller Gorka and Hyatt are out of the White House they are White Nationalist and have no place in the Peoples House
k stay safe and hydrated
LOVE these tweets! 
Make sure you get a pretty tattoo on your face
Under siege lol, this whole country is under siege from your stupidity.
How about you address the hate crimes in the U.S. rather than deflect?
Stay alert Mr. President the corrupt political establishment is looking to get rid of you. They must be drained.
I'm sorry, do they have nuclear tipped ICBMs pointed at the U.S.?
You're a coward and not welcome here.
Stay there. They are your people not us. Take that Grease ball with you.
Ruling by fear. Nice.
We will not rest until you are out of Office!
#Resist #ITMFA #25thAmendmentNow
Have fun in the Hamptons. It's been at least 3 days since your last vacay.
Say hi to Schneiderman for us!
No I wouldn't declare martial law I would continue to let the gangs rob and kill people that would be the best thing to do!
Better get rid of them now so they are not a problem for you when you get to prison. They are dwindling but still strong in prison.
Did you need to do the Mooch a favor, or did he make you an offer you couldn't refuse?
Solution #1: universal background checks on every gun sale proven to decrease criminal gun trafficking.
Trump, you are snakier than a long-tailed polecat, in a room full of rocking chairs.
I saw the TRUMP TRAIN on my way out today!!!!!
HAHAHAHAHA!
Good thing you're not blaming Obama to this time like you did in the past.
Safe travels. God be with you.
Ok, trying to keep score. Our enemies are ISIS, MS13, refugees, Mexico, climate treaties, Comey, Mueller, trans people. Miss anything?
You are nothing more then a blow hard. Get a lige
Life
Let Obama care fail!  Health care is NOT a right! MAGA!
On the next episode of "Super Trump, Wonder Idiot"...after failing bigly on healthcare, ST goes to Long Island, and does things and stuff.
I guess you missed the interview where MS-13 basically credits you with helping them recruit, and gain more influence over the population?
It was a really enlightening interview. You should probably watch it.
There you go, Fatboy! Stoking racist hostility and fear in the base. Your greatest hits and sole perceivable "skill". #racist #impotent #ass
U think that's only gang problem in US
Also, maybe you should get your butt back from LI and sign the Russia sanctions bill. Would be nice to see u do something to HELP the US.
Stop the buffoonery and RESIGN!
Ooh. I remember this movie. Why do you have to go to Long Island to see it?
Hire them and let Mooch handle it
Will it be as bigly successful as your eradication of ISIS?
MS13 should be treated the same as #ISIS! They are a terrorist organization that arguably does even more damage inside the US
We need to rid our country of Radical Catholic Extremists like MS13.
And a quick trip to Bethpage for some golf

Our democracy is under siege Don! YOUR gang is the first one that needs to be put to rest. The Privileged Punks need to be eradicated first
Another day another loss for the failing Drumpf team. You aren't actually going to get any legislation passed, are you? Fail
Ms13 is no different than any American gang. Bloods, crypts, even H.A. Comparing them to  Al Qaeda is like comparing you to a sponge.
We need these gangs out who knows they may be part of resistance strong arm who's smash-and-grab all these gun stores
The area is under Siege from Trump and his cronies, time to impeach
Sorry - I'm from Long Island. We are not under siege. #FakeNews #KeepExaggerating
I'm willing to bet you had no idea what MS-13 was until three days ago. Even now, you probably still don't understand what it is.
It's an international criminal organization. Unlike the Italian/Russian Mafias which you're so fond of, MS-13 has no centralized structure
There is a vague chain of command, some of which goes through the prison-based Mexican Mafia, but cells operate autonomously
Federal prosecutors have for 15-20 years been using RICO to target cells' leadership around the country. Other leaders sprout in the vacuum
Somebody 20 years ago thought of this great idea of sending MS members back to El Salvador; that country's now a total shithole as a result.
It did nothing to weaken MS-13 in the USA and only served to internationalize the gang
MS-13 gets its strength from marginalized members of the immigrant community, a community you've done nothing but demagogue against further
Indeed, it's been reported MS-13 has gotten stronger since you've been inaugurated. The marginalized look to it for protection from you.
Dems aren't celebrating this as a loss for GOP & you. They're happy that family & friends can keep access to HC.
. @POTUS you are forcing HC to fail instead of trying to make it work. Is it @POTUS44 started it and he is black.
Is it true ms13 gang members hang out on golf courses on the weekends?  Thanks for all of your hard work.
What's MS13??
A deadly gang that Donald Trump is going to personally eradicate.
With his bare hands?
Yes. His tiny capable hands
Tiny greasy grabby hands
Is there a geo-sync to-the-sun satellite that blocks the sun? For weapon purposes. We cud darken BF's & flip on NV. Kill enmy agricultur etc
Confessions Of A Former MS 13 Member
No shortage yet of dogs to wag. Eh Donald?
You do the exact same thing that the other puppets did before you, try to make yourself relevant by using hype to drive fear & intimidation.
we should do like the Philippe Gov. wipe them out fight force with force,
BAN FOREIGN LOBBYING OF OUR CONGRESS & BAN ALL $ to our officials even non-profit like McCain receiving 1 mil Saudi dollars. Can't trust 'em
It's about time! Thank you president Trump and thank you Jesus for sparing us from Hillary. Dear Lord help us drain the swamp in Washington
Thank you Mr. President

Procter and Gamble - Corporate Race-Pimps!  Note their products: https://twitter.com/ProcterGamble/status/890553981780582400 …
Street gangs is coast to coast, they claim turf, pay no taxes, they are the secret MAFIA, I should know, I shot at them out of my turf area.
Peoples right > Folks left.  Look at their dress codes, hats and hand signs, & graffiti, they owe the IRS millions for claiming turf.
Sessions needs to get to work. Gangs are important but there is a bigger fish to catch.
Raid factories long island has the most immigrants lol
Don't come back
Please walk into the middle of them and try to negotiate a "cease and desist".  I dare you!
You may not rest but pretty sure you'll play plenty of golf.
ms 13 has been dying since obama.. u did nothing.. NOTHING. don't  try to take the credit fkn dictator wanna be... #hangthefacisthigh
FINALLY, REAL @POTUS in WH! = #MAGA, GREAT Patriot, USA 1st & Real Americans THAX U 4 giving us back GOD, Safety, Jobs & Hope in USA Again!
This is the 1st I'm hearing of Long Island being "under siege". I think I'll wait until I hear something from a "reliable" source. Thanks.
The MS13 gang members will do less damage to our nation than what the GOP & President Putin "Trump" is doing to our nation behind our backs!
You Suck! THE WHITEHOUSE IS A DUMP? YOU SAID IT SIR! 
https://twitter.com/michael_manges/status/892539923798122496 …
#NotFakeNews #TheWhitehouseIsNotADump
With you in office we are all under seige please quietly pack your bags and leave
Great job President Trump!
http://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2017/08/01/540656651/trumps-tweets-threaten-to-destabilize-insurance-markets?utm_source=twitter.com&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=npr&utm_term=nprnews&utm_content=20170801 … Here ya go, dummy. Your insurance scheme isn't/won't work. Your pal Pence should hear it, too.
I live on Long Island and nothing is under siege. Once again, you're lying!

Deportation? One-way ticket To pelican bay, or Gitmo
Oh, you are so brave. Hope that your bone spurs don't hurt when you're on the beat, keeping the streets safe.
It dosnt matter who gets killed. Those mexicans did it right. One day you may need some mexicans for something important.

We can all thank ronnnie reagan for the MS-13.
Under Siege? Eradicated? Dangerous language. What evil are you concocting now?
Why not pay attention to all the President stuff you haven't done while golfing?
I was recently a victim & nothing will probably ever be done! So I don't have empathy for gangs! It's very personal.
Keep up the good work..
Oh you're so tough out of the line of fire! Dump Trump!  Fake Prez! 

#Fake Prez
#Dump Trump
Our country is under siege by a corrupt fat dictator.  And I'm not talking about Kim Jong Un.
yeah?  Bet you don't have the stones to set foot in Stockton though do you, since this "siege" you speak of is a slow Saturday night for us.
Anyone know what this bafoon has against Ms13???
China is busy Making China Great Again as they are leading and America is last because of POTUS. SAD!
To stir up your brown shirts. L.I. Police Commissioner quickly overruled ur jackass ideas.  FAILED FAKE  POTUS strikes out AGAIN!
Drules S quit crying and support your president.
The GOP is turning on you Trump ...they are no longer going to work with you....they want the TOXIC presidency to END now!!
So you're telling Police 2 rough up suspects.Real nice.That only puts the officers in more danger.I knew u were a bad leader but ur CRAZY 2!
Obama  say  Turu
B613?
The Russian mob just as brutal on the East Coast u r a part of that aren't u don't they launder money through ur buildings- just allegations
Yes we feel the gang pain in little rock arkansas,have you seen the shootings here in just 2 days!! Feels like 1996 all over again!!
When do we arrest DeBlasio for endangering the citizens of NYC?
Long Island is under seige?!!

Trump embodies each of the 7 Deadly Sins. His total inability to manage them is destroying his presidency. My take: https://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2017/07/31/how-trump-embodies-seven-deadly-sins-brian-klaas-column/523664001/ …
Go Trump!
Deport Dillon Simmons to Mexico
Want to thank @POTUS and Jeff Sessions. <3 Thank you so much.
This about sums-up who you are, where you come from and where you're going bub
@HEINSLERJAN I will not rest in my quest to get you out of office. You  have no resect for the law or the  people. Resign!
I am all for Law and order, but a man who incites violence himself, is not the man for the job. Lets us not forget, T is under investigation
Shame on you for encouraging police violence, telling the police force to ignore the the law.  Thanks God it is Meuller time!
Shame on the Police officers who applauded you while you called on them to break the law. In this country we don't beat people up while
arresting them.
dai enaku America visa venum  da
MS13 R NOT ANIMALS THAT IS AN INSULT 2 ANIMALS! MS13 R JUST TOTAL EVIL DEMON DEVILS SHOULD NOT EXIST!
Maybe it's just me but I believe that the little boy in N. Korea launching missles with intent to hit the US is more of a threat than MS-13.
Please talk some sense into Congress. Why should Russia help on DPRK when they're getting hit with new sanctions everyday!?.

Obstruction of justice pure and simple. https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-dictated-sons-misleading-statement-on-meeting-with-russian-lawyer/2017/07/31/04c94f96-73ae-11e7-8f39-eeb7d3a2d304_story.html?utm_term=.8e1793a12797 …

TRUTH: https://twitter.com/im_theantitrump/status/891378554402951168 …
How BRAVE of you Generalissimo! 
much braver than @PRESlDENTBANNON and @PrezKushner put together ~ Don't get shot on the blood-stained feels
These people evolve, quit school, join a gang and we know they can become our worst nightmare around the globe. Weldone Mr President.
Going to be hard. Need judges to be involved
gang  have  gun?
not  safety
Planning my impeachment party.  See ya gramps!
Eradicate them!
Kick their butts 24 hours a day contact me for ideas
Good idea! from what I've seem MS13 is one of the most horrific and violent gangs today.
WHEN @ WAR how to win
Destroy manufacturing plants 
Destroy trust in government 
Destroy bank system 
Destroy will
#Bingo job done
tool. Their numbers will expand, thanks to u. Shoulda let local popo do their job w/o your 2 cents!...
Who's idea was it to hire Mooch in the first place? Please attack NK soon!
Get information from BOP and other prisons about recent MS-13 releases and those about to be released.
In fairness, it'd be a LOT easier if NYC wasn't a "sanctuary city."
It appears the police Dept there had to make an apology for your comments. Keep on winning,
First of all I live on Long Island and we are not " under seige" second this incident happened in central islip next to the ducks stadium
In 2018 the people need to vote for Congressional term limits and do away with a 72% heath care subsidy.  Drain The Damn Swamp.
Yez, lets eradicate. Feed those kids, provide counseling and economic support to get off the streets and into homes and schools.
Perhaps you should simply depart for good. Quit. You Are A TRAITOR!
Good morning Mr. Trump . we will be spending a couple of days deleting these holy ghost Ebonix tongue twister from twitter. Process of elim

Trump stock market performance eclipsed by Obama and Bush https://www.axios.com/trump-stock-market-performance-eclipsed-by-obama-and-bush-2468040330.html?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=twsocialshare&utm_campaign=organic …
Yeah, but what are you going to do about the white male terrorists in this country?
Trump HUMILIATED As His Approval Rating Is Now Even Lower Than Clinton’s  During Sex Scandal.  http://addictinginfo.com/2017/07/29/trump-humiliated-as-his-approval-rating-is-now-even-lower-than-clintons-during-sex-scandal/ …   #TRUMPISPATHETIC
From which golf course will u be fighting them?
Shut up.
Just like you have eradicated ISIS in your first month like you said you could? What a laughing stock of a person you are! #fakepresident.

It's you that is dangerous for America.  You are worse than any gang.
@POTUS Thank you President Trump 4 not just saying you care, but actually DOING something about it! #MAGA!
Thank you Donald Trump, it's To close to home.  I'm glad you came to Long Island. .
Trump does not know the first thing about gangs - just another racist scare tactic.
Dear mr trump please advocate for medical pot for all veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan and Vietnam it helps ease pain and PTSD
There are many here in california..esp north cali
