Also you told Stern You should be called a brave soldier for having so much sex while our soldiers were fighting & dying
Blumenthal is FAKE!
like your service in Vietnam Draft Dodger?  Which foot was it again?  Oh you don't remember.  #FakePresident
Admit it Donny, you secretly love CNN almost as much as you love Putin.
Cuomo isn't interested in the truth. More fake
you are becoming the laughing stock of the world. You are what people really think of when they hear "fake news".
Grow up, Mister So-Called President. You bring nothing but disgrace to your office.
he asked this as first question. You're a liar & a disgrace #NotMyPresident #PutinsPuppet #Resist #IMPEACHTRUMP
Everybody know about you being a Draft Dodger, coward!
.@realDonaldTrump @POTUS once joked about dodging STDs as "scary...my personal Vietnam. I feel like a great and very brave solider."
Don. You're pathetic.
I thought you didn't watch CNN
I support trump view for his country ## no one is Perfect in this world except Almighty God ####
It isn't "FAKE NEWS" It's an interview on "ANOTHER TOPIC"
it's the first question he asked him   stop lying
hey jerkoff. The president needs to stop lying. But of course u will just excuse me if lying
Trump when you watch the news what the fuck do you hear Pay close attention next time. 
#paranoid much
Donnie.. um.. have you looked up the word 'Fake' in a dictionary? It's that big book over there DeVos doesn't recognize.
pero debe saber sobre la mentira ?
this from a 5 time draft dodger #illegitimatepresident
like Pocahontas and her Native American Heritage?
um Kelly Ayotte confirmed this yesterday in an interview. Looks like you need to get your administration straight!
FAKE PRESIDENT!
I voted for you and support you, but please put down the Twitter!  Your constant comments make it hard to support you Sir!
@Trump_Regrets @realDonaldTrump true. In fact his comments are why 4 federal judges ruled against him. Now we just need 5 more
The topic at hand is not Vietnam which you did not participate in. It is you lying about what the judge stated
it's clear that you're realizing that you told another lie and now you're trying to shift the blame
it's different when Donnie lies he believes it's true
Get a life and quit desparging everyone who says anything you dont like  6year old!!!!
fake president
Fake news are made up stories, not stories that don't focus on what you want. I'm dizzy from shaking my head so much!
it was his first question to the Senator who ducked the question as most politicians do - glad we both watch #CNN
I just heard Cuomo ask him TWICE! FAKE PRESIDENT!
If you’re using Twitter to try to manipulate business activity to benefit your children, what is being done secretly?
Damn you comment fast. Don't you have anything better to do?
Do what you’re good at.
You're good at leeching off someone more successful than you will ever be. Nice life.
The biggest leeches are people like Trump who supposedly made billions from exploiting others and is now exploiting the Presidency.
you must be a very gullible person to believe what you just wrote. He worked for his money
No. Other people worked for his money.
damn I need to find someone who will work & give me the money. Get over Hillary losing. Grow up
@ChrisCuomo Donnie just called you out from his golden toilet! Keep reporting the truth. He can't handle it!
AND DT will NEVER admit when he's wrong?Can u imagine if Obama told as many lies that DT has in 3 wk
8 years of lies and no progress to show for it
fake news
FAKE Election!
CNN is showing clips that he did ask- you're looking even more like a fool!
like all boys in this country nooooo
While you're on the subject  @realDonaldTrump could we request some clarity on the "medical deferment" that allowed you to avoid the draft?
Your a fucktard Ciaran.  Marching in boots with heel spurs..bad idea.   Stealing Valor....piece of shit who should be flogged!
21 veterans commit suicide  a day and all you worry and complain about is the media go fuck yourself
Thank God we now have a president that respects our Veterans. go kiss your mom with that mouth
coming from someone who dodged the draft
what company did you serve in in Vietnam?  #glasshouses
you're a fine one to talk. When did you serve?
My husband served proudly in Nam. A shame that this guy lies
at least the Senator served...what did u do?
"GET OFF TWITTER and finish reading my 5th grade political science book!" Said Barron to his 70 year old father.
in his tweets, never mentions QuebecAttack or attacks in his name in general. Longterm lies abt hating violence.FAKE PRES!
@camanders43
sometimes you get carried away with the nonsense the media throws at you. Ignore it.
please....I beg you....STOP tweeting and worrying about what people say about you! Run the country!!
OR... it's like the first thing he asked. Unlike you who made up some foot ailment to get out of serving. Such a coward.
You Big Dummy
@ChrisCuomo Congrats  #isupportcnn #realnews #keepupgreatjournalism 
I'm sure someone like yourself who did serve their country hates hearing that.  #hypocrite #dondeferment
Call it like it is, LIES!!! By really sick left liars and whiners. What do they think they are going to get for their abuse
Hey deferment boy, I served in Nam. Get a haircut, you look like a God damn fool. #FAKEHAIRCUT
let's talk about you lied about Vietnam!!! 5 deferments???? Forgot which leg???! Sure
@JudiLoera @VP @Cernovich #ItsNuclearTime
I for one wake up and thank God for President Trump & his ability to keep Loyal loving Americans safe every day.
So tell us Donnie, have you remembered which foot your very bad bone spur was on?
you are fake news Trump!!!!
We've definitely been asking to see your tax returns. Where are they?
Was that the primarly purpose and subject of the interview?
