Your a Trumpflake
So distraught so early.

Sure..you had no control over that decision whatsoever..
You're going to go "full meltdown condition red" this week, aren't you. 

Then you'll complain when it comes back to bite you again. 
Neither version will pass because they are unconstitutional. You should try reading The Constitution. Mr. Khan did offer you his copy.
This is the image Trump has given himself and the United States throughout the world.
You haven't got a clue-but that's alright-you are hanging yourself w/ your own words. Maybe it will help impeach you sooner. Fingers crossed
Seriously...shut up! Push your hate and racist regime somewhere else
Golf much? #trumprussia #kushnerrussia
Keep singing like a canary. This'll be great in court.
Keep digging, Tiny Donald.
You are such a baby and to use this tragedy to promote your agenda is just deplorable Hillary should have won
Uh.... you're the one that issued the 2nd order, not the DOJ.
 #singcomeysing
This is fucking crazy. Didn't Trump write the new ban, NOT the DOJ? Why is he blaming them for his submission to the Supremes?
Exactly. He only blocked Muslim countries with no terrorist history. The others he has business with. Its about religion not safety.
Actually he banned those Obama suggested& those countries do not have a controlled government in affect &not vetting according to our terms
COME ON THURSDAY
You have LOST your mind. What President attacks his own Justice Department? Remember when Hillary said you could be baited by a tweet? That.
Does the original travel ban include a religious test?
It's not a ban
. But it's a ban
But No ban?????
@POTUS u're the Real Man; please asap RING the Changes! God is with u! We proudly SUPPORT u! 
#GodBlessPresTrump
#GodBleesTrumpsSupporters
This must be the most politically incorrect statement ever, Mr. Trump, well, so far.
Well said. We need to take the only realistic step: Muslim ban.
Everyone in the world is laughing at you.
Yeah too bad you don't have any control over the justice department
Actually he does, the attorney general serves at the direction of the president.

The president can fire anyone in the executive branch for insubordination, so your comment about him not controlling DOJ is wrong .
The more people he fired over investigation the more he gets in the way the more guilty of something he looks.
That doesn't matter he can legally do that .
Don't come to London. We don't want you here.
Nope. https://twitter.com/rj_gallagher/status/713075363874795520 …
I'm sure your lawyers appreciate this Mr. President.
I'm surprised his lawyers haven't told @IvankaTrump to wrestle his phone away and change his login info yet.
Wait another week and he'll be back to "Muslim Ban". And why does he still need any of it? "Extreme vetting" was to be ready by now. Fail.
Extreme vetting wouldn't be needed with his 30 days to defeat ISIS plan...
The one that was to start at his election?   That secret one he then asked generals for help with?  
Yeah, that one.
Lies! #FakeNews! #POTUS and #TheGenerals have been busy, very busy!

Mika and Joe's outfits match.
Are you putting your new friends Saudi Arabia on the list 15 of the 19 terrorist who blew up the towers in New York came from there
You called it a Muslim ban many many times. And it only impacts Muslim countries. If it walks like a bigoted duck, then it’s a bigoted duck.
Lock down the US, no one in untill the threats against our nation has measures put in place to protect our democracy. Needs be gov shutdown.
Bye
I think you just lost your case bro
SCOTUS should get on this immediately. It's time for you to do what every other president has been allowed to do without interference!
There is a call for Ginsberg to recuse herself on this issue based on her subjective verbal opinions of Trump. She should have been replaced
Travel ban should include saudis. They attacked us on 9/11.
But why would he turn his back on his friends? Donald, you just made your team's case a nightmare by admitting it was a ban. Whoops.
90-120 days is temporary.
#MAGA
#DrainTheSwamp
#WINNING
#POTUS45IsYourPresident
Welp, the president said it was a ban. I will take him at his word.
It's not, which is why it's consistently been blocked.
The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original Travel Ban, not the watered down, politically correct version the...
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 7 Months, 15 Days, 6 Hours, 30 Minutes, and 52 Seconds
I think he will be gone by the 2018 election
Keep dreaming like we did when your daddybama was destroying America!
Obama will go down in history as one of the best Presidents. Trump has locked in the role of worst President.
Like I said, liberal blind ignorance! PC everything & you can't see what's happening! Wait till its on your doorstep!
I am an American. Trump supporters are Putin supporters.

Radicalized White Christian Nationalists are existential threat, ISIS isn't.
You're not the type of American that I know... So what are you an American Communist, Socialist? Just thought I'd ask!
My ancestors have proudly fought in every war protecting this country including the Revolutionary War. They would be ashamed of Trump.
so, so, true- please keep working to make America Great Again Mr President- we need you so, so much- you are our only hope!
My god are you serious, This man is the reason we set ourselves back 20 years on the issue of clean air and clean water. He is the reason why our kids will begin again to be poisoned by the same water they drink. If they don't get killed in a useless war first.
Neuropsych eval may help identify whether you have a treatable disorder but the clock is ticking-get eval!
He was selling your freedom while he was stealing your votes. Wake up. The rest of the Country has. We've had enough and we're not going to take this anymore.
Please stop
I think DOJ Sessions did a fantastic job with what he had to work with. He is an asset to America
Lol
Comey just finished testifying I'm not seeing any evidence of Russian involvement just more hearsay being sworn to. Where's the beef?
POTUS was right to fire Comey. He's a poor listener.  You can't serve two masters!
since when does the director of the FBI have to serve two masters , he is responsible only to the united states not to the president.
you want America all white , never will that happen. you will always be the minority... your going down in history the WORST President in history
It's truly a sad day to know a killer can walk in to our country and kill all because of #politicalcorrectness
Rev. with all due respect that is not something that developed over the last decade, man has been saying that since the day cain killed able. and it has nothing to do with a muslin ban or travel ban. Any man to the left or right of you could be a killer.
..Mr prez...turn Sessions loose on the Clintons Haitian earthquake fiasco...Ray Charles was blind and sees it...#MAGA...USA
You don’t have much clout or leadership sway in DC, do you. The deplorables are getting restless.
Tick...
Donald J. Trump it is time for you to leave the White House before the American public kicks you out.

You seem to struggle with separating "political" and "constitutional" you should read it! Tylenol for any headaches, Midol for cramps.
It's not that he is struggling with the two is just he is having periodic memory losses so I guess a tampon on his forehead for memory loss should do the Trick.
They are idiots who don't care about this country and its people
Well for one I am Happy those so called Idiots as you say are there because if they were not you would be forced to solute your supreme leader by now. Trump would declare himself President for life and so much more. So thank god we have a DOJ and a congress to check Trump.
USA  You Go CONGRESS !!
Russian bot/troll
They always water it down to get it passed. Glad they think their families are safe because we don't feel so protected!
tell you the truth the only reason I don't feel safe is because Trump is still president and causing all kinds of trouble with our own allies. When I hear him mock the mayor of London in the UK and then tell Putin how much he admires him I want to puke.
Sounds like there are Traitors in the DOJ too, like Comey...
The only Traitor right now is the man who is pretending t be a president. And his time is up in a short time from now. The so called witch hunt he keeps talking about will turn out to be true just as everything else Con man Trump denied.
i agree. Anybody who does n't agree..ought to put an ad in Craigslist for free living in their home and not screen the people who show up
Please first read what the present immigration laws state before you post something so stupid. There is already screening that occurs, there has been for over a decade. Plus nobody is denying that better screening should take place , we just don't like attacking one specific race
Best President Ever!
Bot
There's A LOT of crap the Justice Dept SHOULD BE DOING but aren't. Getting paid to do NOTHING
Jeff Sessions is a complete Hillary shill. He's purposefully watering down your bills so you lose GOP support. Fire him! #FireJeffSessions
At the same time, Sessions is sabotaging your bills so they get rejected by courts and you get humiliated. Fire him. #FireJeffSessions
He could defend your bills & get courts to uphold them if he wanted. He & Hillary are laughing away as they set you up for failure. Fire him
wow Troll Much???
what he should have have done was limit it to geographical area people are from or political affiliation nobody would have said anything
Be King & Be justice Trump. The world is killing it's self be evil? In God & Country.
Could you try that again in a way that makes sense?
All is a Riddle? be vision & see like gods? Evil is all colors & legion? Stay cool it's all coming to it's end? Trust in Yeshua the God.
That's the ticket.  Make sure the courts known it's a Muslim ban, not a travel ban.  It's good you're making it easy for them.
Everyone should feel offended by watered down version it seems like they dont care what happens to us!!! Like Traitors!!!!
Thank you, Mr. President!
You're in total melt down. I suspect your campaigning for a cushy mental hospital in lieu of prison. Nicely played.
Says the MOST unqualified leader in history.  Own up and resign Donald.  Stop destroying America.
Seems like @realDonaldTrump pulled @ACLU teeth with this tweet.  
YOU got told NO on the first attempt. YOU had the DOJ try again. YOU signed off on BOTH. Whose fault again? YOU are being self destructive.
He's not worth it Carly! He's just a madman shouting to make himself feel better about the fact his racist travel ban isn't gonna happen
Sadly, I know you are absolutely right. I just want him to stop. I feel like if I don't try, I'm looking the other way.
Keep fighting 
He gets worse by the day. I used to have some patience with his supporters but after this past week I've got none left
I know the feeling. I want to have understanding and compassion for folks who feel so scared that they would trust the likes of him...
Can you just stop? Please? What do we have to do to get you to calm down and act presidential?
@VP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @FLOTUS @TGowdySC @tedcruz
The watered down one was the exact same thing.
Watched hearings & they were not watered down! You LOST!!!!!
Then perhaps you shouldn't have signed the executive order promulgating that revised version. YOU SHOULD BE UPSET AT YOURSELF! @Morning_Joe
Yes!
Ya well it's wrong. You power hungry thing! Who are you trying to impress?   Why do you think you have to outdo Obamah and in the wrong way.
Fact , Saudi funds terror , fact , Saudi not included in travel ban , fact , because POTUS puts money before people #9/11
Good, real good,,  keep adding fuel to the fire.

#genius
@POTUS you are dangerous!
Fuck the Diem, @DonaldTrump
Surely Mr President, you mean the Muslim Travel Ban
United States must protect themselves and Children from known Terrorists, Common Sense and Reality has shown what this Organized group does.
Didn't you sign the fucking thing?
What a disaster!!!!
add Saudi Arabia to this "travel ban". Saudi have murder more Americans on america soil than any middle east country
Trump last king of America long life
TRAVEL BAN!! Please! And please DON'T STOP TWEETING @realDonaldTrump !!!
supreme court is polished at applying the law, they wouldn't be fooled either way. It is the LAW of the land, not the court of the land
Idiot
Trump is not on Americas side
Uh, @realDonaldTrump doesn't the Justice Department report to...you? #travelban #ImpeachTrump #TheResistance
A travel ban will only inspire more sabotage.
Please see a psychiatrist ~
אמר פעם אדם חכם 
אמור לי מי שונאך 
ואומר לך מי אתה !!
Why did YOU sign it??
Travel ban should include every country in the world for about 6 months.  Let everyone settle down and learn to behave.
So, no travel in or out of our country for 6 months? No trade, no importing or exporting? No business travel or tourism?
No one coming in, anybody can go out.   Export/import as usual.
Jeff Sessions. Buyer's Remorse?
Holy shit - he actually doubled down and called it a ban again?!?  Is this idiot for real?  Can we please get a real president in there?
Then why didn't you tell them to, you tool?
So it's Jeff Sessions fault! Don't pull the Obama routine!
Let the DOJ do their job and you do your job. You keep shooting yourself in the foot. No wonder Lamestream Media attacks you so often.
It's their job to be politically correct, because you can't.
Would that be the one u ok' d and signed?
There is nothing 'politically correct ' about you @DonaldTrump
It's YOUR Justice Department. That's YOUR decision! YOUR order. YOU signed. #DUH!
All prayers will be answered in the order in which they were received. We appreciate your patience. And by "we" I mean "He"...which is me.
You are absolutely out of your infantile mind. Impeach, impeach, impeach.
#اعزم_البشير_شو
So, why did you sign the new one? What are you doing? I bet your team is livid at your constant undermining of the message. Just talk jobs.
The TRUMP shake up ! TOP TO BOTTOM. The best of the best blunder the biggest. CIA, FBI, Homeland Security. All dodged by the Russians ?
You signed it. You own it
well who the hell do they work for?Oh ya, not you. Fire everyone and start all over again. I know that's what the country wishes it could do
Wrong!
Please support @jeffsessions and DOJ he is doing a great job and has your back! Please listen to @GrahamBlog and all those who trying 2 help
Why are Judges above the law?
Why doesn't anyone remind the country that you signed the water down version because J.D. rewrote it and insisted that was the best to do??!
Donald, you should be in charge of everything, scary.
..."they submitted"?  Who signed it before it was submitted?
We are getting tired of hearing this talk let's see some action these illegals are like gangs all in my neighbor hood nothing is ever done
Oh, you mean the one that was clearly unconstitutional? You have lots of money. Hire a civics tutor. Help the country.
You realize that you signed exec order even tho neither will pass just wasting my tax dollars
Sucks to be a loser eh?
Just shut down all immigration from EVERYWHERE!
Amen we don't need any immigrants
So now it's the DofJ's fault. Got it.
They work for you, sir. Tighten it up. #MAGA
Who does the Justice Dept. work for DT?
nobody wants your travel ban why don't you listen to the people
By your definition we should ban all Muslims but you won't cause the Saudis bought you off. Yet your support their terrorism, murder and war
Let them call it what they want. but this face it, if there is not some type of travel ban from these countries, they will be here.
You do realize that the Justice Department works for you, don't you?
TRUMP SMELLS LIKE ASS
And what about extreme vetting of Radical Christian terrorists like the Trumpeteer in Oregon who murdered 2 brave men? #imbecileinchief
Great Job Don
Aka "ban on people that didn't pay us tons of money"
You appointed the AG, bozo
A travel ban that does not include the Saudis,is useless.They were the architects and financiers,of the 9/11 attack.
Fire Sessions...in the end he will hurt you
I can not believe anything you say because I see everything you do.
psst Donald, YOU w/d the first and signed the existing one.
Are you mentally ill? You signed AND praised the executive order. Seriously seek psychiatric help.
This is a full fledged mental meltdown! Keep it up!
I dont believe in PC either but I do believe in respect . respect should be shown always rather its earned or not.
For instance you I would show respect even though you haven't done anything to deserve it Donald.
"they" equals YOU, the pathetically ignorant traitor part-timing the Presidency of the United States.
The first amendment is not a politically correct "idea." We all have an inalienable freedom of religion. Not just christians!
Another diversion so you can lift that sanction for Russia for that oil so both of you & whoever to make trillions of $$$
Travel ban? Lol, you lost
Why is the ban necessary you said: "I know more about ISIS than the generals do" and "will have a plan to defeat them in my first 30 days"?
"believe me"
tremendously sad. SAD!
And you should have stayed just the candidate for president. Sad!
You are a hateful bigot, staying very temporarily in the People's House. Not wise to criticize the DOJ, but then again you are far from wise
Think you've officially insulted every major branch of government...  90% of Americans... our best allies... every woman on earth. Classy.
The Justice Department cannot make the decision on the travel ban when the Judicial branch says NO.  That is constitutional.
Did you fell off your cradle when you were a child?
No, the Congress should have impeached you already for your incredible overreach of executive power!  Criminal behavior tyrant!
Either way the ban is illegal and won't pass. American people won't let u! #impeachTrump
You will actually be the first  person in the modern era, to TWEET yourself out of the presidency!! 
Close down the border, no one in all illegals out, let's see how snowflakes like it then
Thanks for admitting it's a travel ban. You DO realize that YOU'RE the one who signed it, right, Russian puppet?
