Do you speak any language besisides  idiot english,? Does your wife?
You CANNOT DO THIS!! You cannot fire Sec. of State Tillerson and replace him 'de facto' with an unqualified, unconfirmed, FAMILY MEMBER with business interests to meet with Koreans. BAD FORM!!
Is this your way of grooming Ivanka for President? OK, but I want to hear her speak in public first (in America). And you also would have to stay out of jail...Is that asking too much?
Nepotism.Lack of public trust. Cyberbully. First election in America that is officially influenced by foreign entity. Incompetence. Putin puppet. These are some of the things I will remember about "TRUMP".
President Trump fired Rex Tillerson so that Ivanka Trump can go to South Korea and benefit her companies! Despicable!
Wery standard!!! You make me sick!!!
All these people against you are full of Fear of Tribulation !!! What they don't know is that they can't stop God if it's the timing of God !!! Shirlene Daffron
Oh Trump I am 79 Thank You & I Thank God Also that maybe you are the GREATER PRESIDENT of my time !!! God Bless You. Your wife is a knock out I was a Model back in 1963 I just love my First Lady she's got so much Talent God Bless You & Your's I Pray For Day & Night for you. S.D.
OMG are you kidding me? Sir you must be the most petty person ever!
When I left Conference Room for short meetings with Japan and other countries, I asked Ivanka to hold seat. Very standar...
Stupid Man
NOT standard! Show me any other POTUS who’s had his child “hold his seat” @ a meeting w/other world leaders. Again, NOT STANDARD, idiotic!
BTW, Angela M was probably not actually agreeing w/you. Its more likely that she was being empathetic (look it up) & diplomatic. Moron!
Not standard to have unqualified person hold your seat, but you're not qualified either. Don't believe Angela M agreed.
well if Angela M agrees, it must be ok..just quit before prison time!
no ine agrees. You don't do anything right get out of the WH
In your dreams, she agrees.  you need yo get your children out of the white house.
Angela M. doesn't even like or respect you.
Hold your seat? You're not at a club. You're suppose POTUS. Standard? You always have a seat. Don't need hold on seat.
You're right. I can't imagine anyone in the USA or the world who would say "Ivanka for President"  Keep 'em coming jerk.
You are so jealous if anyone knows how to handle a situation. You dont
What? were you playing musical chairs and worried somebody was going to steal your seat
It just irks me so much that The PRESIDENT would even have to justify and explain Ivanka holding his seat in Conference room EASE UP!!!
She would never agree!  She had no choice since you left. Irresponsible on ur pry.U don't know anything& nver want to learn
She has no business being there or White House
Please!do the MOE
Smart move to hold on to the seat else someone else could run away with it n taken it to @HillaryClinton
no one cares
Ivanka did a GREAT job holding ur seat! I did that once 4 Mel Reynolds at Trinity Church 4 Rev Wright I did advance held d seat 4 Reynolds
So now you need support for your stupid actions from Angela Merkel - the most repulsive 5th column supporter...
Bologne
Yes
you get yours.  Hard work pays off.
Are
You gotta go.....
Impeach Trump 2017
You should stop tweeting already...Angela M Agrees
When is Donald going to close children aid society stealing people's kids selling them to strangers gays sex trade owned run by Jewish cabal
Ivanka is beautiful, smart, and a great supportive daughter. Great candidate to be America 1st woman President!
Pp
You need to take responsibility for your lack of engagement Donald. Ivanka was not elected President of the US. You should be present.
.@realDonaldTrump It's BS. She's Nobody, with no authority to represent OUR country!
: NOT!
And you backed away from nth korea !... all talk yet again
not
Ok...So?
Maybe if you actually picked someone worthy you wouldn't be getting this pushback. Merkel was being polite.
No one agrees. Angela M dies mot
Merkel thinks you're a spastic.
What is this about?
But this isn't done even in politically unstable country like ours. "Our Ivanka" was asked to "hold the fort" not just the seat. #Pakistan
He'd be like, who are you mate..
If I were you, I wouldn't presume to speak for Ms. Merkel, the new de facto leader of the free world.
Don't let the limpdick dems get to you they're the ones crying themselves to sleep cause their lives are so pointless they call you for this
Not standard.... plainly & simply...
 nepotism
Always have to explain your actions because they are always in question
We now know what you were really up to while your daughter sat in for you.
If Obama had asked his daughter to do what you did, you would of lost it. She had no business at that table. More poor choices by you.
B.S. AGAIN AND AGAIN...
Not standard!
You are in that seat... Not your evil offspring. She doesn't have the right to be there.
Don't worry about it. The #MSM is certifiably petty at this time. Not all comments are worth the effort to respond.
YEAH SURE...WE KNOW THE TRUTH  TRUMP...LIE ALL YOU WANT, BUT WE KNOW.
If she's gonna be first female president this is good practice
I am proud of @IvankaTrump  and all of your family Mr. President and I thank you all for doing what you do.
Absolutely nothing standard about that, but what do you care!  You're all about making Trump great, not America!  Shameful!
I think ur seat was already held by the sign that read U.S. What Angela M. thinks doesn't matter. What WE think does. And,we think you suck!
Had of Korea's
i cant wait to see you all in prison
You should NEVER do that Donald! Your daughter was not elected.
Did you think someone would steal your seat?
Who is Angela, next Ivanka is not your wife, not 1st Lady that was Meliania's position not ur daughter-wife  NOT APPROPRIATE
i think he always is defending his own actions because he himself doesnt feel qualified or deserve to be president.
I just don't know why all the fake news has to focus on none important things. That is why I read all your  tweets, TRUTH!
US President doesn't have reserved seating
#whatwouldRussiaDo
Rationalization. Your actions as no validation.
Bad choice.
https://media.giphy.com/media/vzvTlH128Qqly/giphy.gif …
Well if Angela M agrees. How can anyone complain.
She can handle anything. Brilliant woman
God Will Bless U POTUS TRUMP. Live Your Life & Share Your Seat. Resisters R Resisters.  Don't STAND4ANYTHING! Just Against Wholesome Life!
#nepotism #unqualified
It's not a seat on a crowded city bus. You don't lose it because you get up.
US citizens---keep this Potus & Family upheld in prayer---hard to believe but cruelty of people fight against good--prayer and grace.i pray.
Your Family trying to do good [patriots] & seriously maligned--I'm glad you all just ''stay the course'' God has victory for you a-coming!
I find it sad that she has gone through what you've all had to deal with--attacks from fellow Americans. I pray God encourages you all!
Is she elected? #nepotism
Hi
If Ivanka is acting in a political role, has she divested ALL of her business interests? How about you, TRUMP?  you arrogant twit...
But I don't agree
Speaking of Ivanka, friends and I are curious. Why do you kiss your daughter with an open mouth? @potus
Of course.
I want to have a daughter like Ivanka. Help me.
And @Frank_Underwood took Claire as his running mate, but it was only fiction
HELL YEA KKK
It is not standard.  It is absolutely ridiculous.
Why can't rge jerk off liberal left media get it and leave you and yours alone ...it's disgusting
Thank you Ivanka for your service!
President Trump 8 years, then President Mike Pence 4 years, and President Ivanka Trump 4 years. Please!  God bless Ours Great Presidents.
I can see that happening

Putting your hot daughter that you want to fuck  inside of a G 20 meeting ,  is very standard? Ok
You left to watch cartoons and have your nap and we know it.
who did you think was going to take your seat?
You obviously wasn't watching Merkels face like the rest of the world. You're a laughing stock. #
YOU WERE TOTALLY OUT OF ORDER. IT'S NOT A FAMILY BUSINESS. YOU HAVEN'T A CLUE ON HOW TO BE A STATESMAN YOU ARE AN EMBARRASSMENT TO THE USA
were you afraid someone will steal your seat? Are 6ou that insecure?
No it's not... you have a VP and Secretary of State for that????!!!! Ivanka, go home and change diapers !!!
I bet you'd like to hold Ivanka's seat, in fact we all know that you have touched her bottom inappropriately on thousands of occasions. Sick
Did we elect a royal family?  I think we did...un-American!  Sad!
If that's your logic, then why don't you agree with Angela Merkel on climate change?
Do your job
How in the world do you know what very standard is - have you looked in the mirror lately ?
Do you even talk to your other daughter? You're so wrapped up in lusting over Ivanka
I'm sure the other world leaders were pleased to see you go.
It's so weird that he calls her Angela M.
Would he also say "Vladimir P"???

Sorry, I was eating a МлечныйПуть 
Please Please Please do ALL AMERICANS  a HUGE favor and step down as president.... you are a TERRIBLE LEADER.
Lik when your in the movies and go to the bathroom......who is going to take your seat....lol Ding Bat

Wikileaks Exposes It Was HILLARY Who Met Secretly with a Foreign Ambassador. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inZCiimQJac … 
WHO in the hell was gonna take your seat? #Annoyed
Gotta keep the toilet seat warm. ..great  choice. ..
she said she isn't involved in politics.
You don't owe the haters an explanation. You're the President. They're just crying trolls. #MAGA   my President 
Liar.....
Why? Was your seat trying to escape?
#wrong  #sad #disaster
But you don't respect women... That's at least what they say... whoever they are.
I think Angela M. can speak for herself - more intelligently than you. Anything from @realDonaldTrump should be considered "fake news"
Were you worried someone would grab your chair?
Bullshit Donny
Wearing DEPENDS can help you with disastrous moments like this....
The left wing media has got to cry about something daily, knowing your leadership is #MAGA
Mr. President believe me, We the People supporting you don't give a damn the left wing media says.
Not standard, king of liars!  The whole world revolts against you and Melanoma.
Trump and his friends
Angela M is agreed to stop the crise of the refugees too:(
Nothing you do is standard. You operate in an altered universe.
Who cares what anyone else thinks? These peiple are tryin to keep up with America. All the dems are trying to do is destroy America
Angela Merkel definitely does not agree, and I don't think that the best way to address foreign leaders is through a tweet. #StupidWatergate
damned if u do damned if u don't praying for u the dark goes after the light keep on going True Americans behind u
No worries!  Haters gonna hate.
Your doing a great job!
It's like an eppisode of "the office" just a pack of fuckwits running an office.
This was a mistake. Even African dictators avoid doing that! @amjoyshow @spettypi @TheOliverStone
How many Chinese trademarks did @IvankaTrump secure that day by sitting next to the Chinese president?
Angela M would agree to anything that involves you not being in the same room as her.
Omg shut up already. It doesn't matter what that man does y'all find a way to pick at it. Damn get over it
I so loved watching you look like the loser kid at school. None of the cool kids would hang with you, ROFPMSL
