Large FINE..$ for employers of illegals & employees, Impound there cars, houses, businesses..$.. Build a wall
Something that in the UK , Labour leader Corbyn would never say!
And starve our elderly and kill them with lack of insurance.  Merry Fucking Christmas  president trump.
Thank you,President Trump, for restoring law and order to this nation.
Here's the Democratic Party of America practicing their Marxism:
So much for that
Obama's open borders policy allowed ms 13 to infiltrate our country.
Charlottesville cops did crap job separating protestors. Southern whites want confederate history. Dont move history in storage-out of sight
unless its white supremacist who lost their permit.... marched with torches chanting violent slogans.  despicable
That's my president and I agree. Thanks Donald
Liar liar liar bully mentally sick POTUS every word that comes out of ur mouth is a lie!!!
Burn the flag/don't stand for anthem; both within rights but despicable regardless of reason! No debating this, you'll see.
We will always ENFORCE our laws, PROTECT our borders, and SUPPORT our police! #LESM Harrisburg, Pennsylvania… https://t....
The laws against treason, espionage, obstruction of justice, and collusion are being tested now. We're eagerly waiting for enforcement now!!
Dear Mr. Pres. I am praying for you each & and everyday!
Me too,  I pray today he is inmpeached, I pray Mr. Mueller gets to finsh his findings and I pray he goes to prison with the rest of his cult.
You do realize that borders aren't just physical, right? Like  borders Russia crossed when they interfered w/ the election
Why didn't POTUS Obama do anything? Why did DNC & Russians work w/ Fusion GPS to fabricate hit jobs against Trump b4 & after the election?
Cool. Neat story. You suck! 
#NotMyPresident
Bro you live in America then he is certainly your President too.
I understand that he is literately POTUS. The hashtag means that I don't support him. He's a gross person. If u agree w him that's on u.
Explain to me why Trump is gross?
Oh and by the way if ur poor, he doesn't care about you #RealNews #TrumpsChumps
Wrong. I ain't poor and he cares about everybody. You don't bc you don't really care about the Poor who're suffering from Obamacare.
Dude. For real?? If ur not poor than u can afford health care. Ur on the wrong side of history my friend. When u realize that hit me up 
I have a one way ticket to Canada waiting for you. Name is Delusional liberal right?  Don't like it..bye.
You will always promote police brutality and act foolish in front of you betters, Trump!
On the upside only his core feeds into his lies.
The problem is, they believe Trump's lies and that's very dangerous.
I am not so sure, I think they love him because he is a liar. Nevertheless, T lies are dangerous - words matter.
My concern is that Trump advocates violence.
I do believe his followers listen to that!
I think so as well. One of the reasons my wife & I got conceal carry permits. Too many nut jobs just looking for an excuse for violence.
I hear you, man.
We're less worried about it here in California but, damn. Scary time.
Do you support innocent until guilty? Obviously not by the speech you gave the police the other day.
Thank you Mr.President Trump. I feel alot safer now that you are in office. Build the wall. Protecting our first responder 's and military.
#Police @OCSD are undereducated, women haters. Former sheriff M Simon & T Harris still in #DanaPoint area. #Hollywood #wiretap coverup @FBI
Before an strong suspicion of ms13: Shot and them ask policy!
Is this the same general that you met with re: Transgender people in the military? Also, we're grading terrorist groups/gangs on "meanness"?
What laws Mr. President? You have been breaking all the laws since you took office.
Clearly what are saying is racist (kidding), replace racist with logical (to be modest) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjfqQLiB3xg&feature=youtu.be … &
I hope so
I'm sorry, but Trump's behavior is not just beneath the dignity of the Presidency...but that of any decent man. -Jerry Springer
Portland Oregon government officials should be charged for crimes committed by 20 time deportee illegal criminal. Jail time for gov leaders
I think president Donald Trump in president duterte Best Friends forever..,
And tell them it's okay to manhandle people.  That's not what police are suppose to do no matter how bad the crime-they are not judge & jury
WORST PREZ EVER.
EVER!
37% approval!
Failing at everything.
Won NOTHING that wasn't already bought & paid for behind closed doors 
It's so refreshing to have a president that loves America. No apologizing. People are dying to get here. #MAGA
You betcha, Mr. President!
.@realDonaldTrump built career on racist lie that President Obama isn’t an American. His presidency is a #DISASTER.
Good thing I left #Harrisburg in early July before you got there.

@FoxNews @alllibertynews @faceTheNation restore RULEofLAW to Phila PROSECUTE OATHviolators https://youtu.be/X6dgRmF1pSg  #DefundPhilaNow
We've always done that anyway empty suit. #donniecoward
Some very mean dudes i guess lmaooo
So basic !
Nice job on calling gang  members animals!  That will get you lots of respect in a dictatorship!  This is a Democracy butt head!
u said you would stop the companies that use illegals. have you seen cargills in beardstown illinois? somalia, yemen, mexicans?
POTUS keep pushing on as a DAV I know you are on the right track, you should hire this non leak person that supports you all the way,
Sovereign of the Mexican government trying to stop well funded gangs and Cartels with huge $ made from illegal US drug sales. Give them this
Hmmmm hvordan siger man stupide KLAPHAT på Engelsk ?
Your admin is melting down.please resign so america can be great again
protect us from this https://youtu.be/gE4VzFz9PPo 
Great speech. It is going to do wonders to improve relations with the community you smart man you?! Believe me
Let's see how you feel about this when you are impeached and on your way to prison

Instead of those dumb red ball caps, #POTUS should hand these out at his next rally. @20committee @TheRickWilson 
We all support the police, we do not support violence by them.  Have you bee awake for some of the police missteps. Learn your subject first
What about the ACA? You know, that law you keep threatening to sabotage at the expense of millions of Americans.
Stop embarrassing and making people apologize for your horrible hate filled rants/speeches
Trying to cover your tracks
Fun fact: your country trained and allowed these gangs to thrive. US sponsored contras and coups in Latinamerica, read or enquire a little.
U will not get your racist wall U will not get the violence you are bolstering. #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpRussianInvestigation
Does that mean Congress will enforce the emoluments clause you've violated and prosecute, or  charge you with obstruction of justice?
Rumor or fact? That the past administration plotted to turn in this
Country to our enemies?

My son and I need your help with two humanitary tickets to go back to Toledo please I beg you
Doesn't seem like the police want your support based on how they rebuked your speech to them.
Police need to put your orange head in the door and shut it. You are not a president, you are a joke.
...and beat up detainees before they are proven guilty.
it's against the law to beat up crime suspects
Unless the laws contradict me put anyone I know in jail or our police need health care then you better htfo
look at the people in the background speak more then words.
It's getting to the point that hearing this voice rambling on in incoherent repetitive pandering statements actually gives me diarrhea.
You'll protect our borders, except against the Russians! #MAGA #trump #russia #russiagate
You told police not to work within the laws . miserable excuse for a leader. Just look at that trashy Boy Scout speech
Ty.
American Gun owners kill 50,000 American citizens annually. Eradicate NRA!
Du bist ein kleines Arschlock
Your doing GREAT THINGS AMERICA
Our  unstapeble  45 Presedent.

How about enforcing all the laws?
Most of the American people would like to deport you. And we want our police serve Americans not brutalize them!

Anyone else find it hilarious that Trump is banging on about "gang members" with people clearly in MC colours are cheering him on?
Smh why his hands so small
How about you say something of substance for change instead of all the cheerleading? Children can do that and by the looks of you they are.
滚犊子
Shame on you for encouraging police brutality. You are a very evil, lying man. #LockThemAllUp #NoSympathyForCorrupts #ImpeachTrump #Resist
...and shoot as many people we can in 4 years!  Oh yeah.
*** support the white minority
Yes, and don't let up or slow down.  Get it done!
You will continue to defy Jesus by oppressing immigrants and refugees. (Mt 25:31-45) Repent.
Hey Trump you see last nights 20/20. Is that how you want your border agents to act. And they still have there jobs?
Don't hate us!Why do you hate us??We never meant to get in American business. We just a wanted a better hope for are self selves &family
Screw your racist regime and your police state! This isn't the 1950's wake the eff up!

Said the man that breaks the law every chance he gets. #ShutUpNobodyLikesYou
SUPREME INSANE IMBECILE, One question- how does the leader of MS-13 get convicted & deported 3X in & from the USA, & is back in the USA NOW?
You are an embarrassment to our country.
Please pardon Joe Arpaio!
SUPPORT OUR LAW ENFORCEMENT
WHO SUPPORT US
EVERYDAY
WE WILL REMOVE THIS SCUM MS-13
WE,ARE,DOING IT AS WE SPEAK!
& WILL REMOVE ALL CRIMINALS
Encouraging police brutality...you're a real disgrace!
jjj
I hope our laws are ENFORCED and someone PROTECTS us from YOU!
We love our president. America is already a better place because of you
Lets take Control of Our Country. Take it Back from the Leftists, Illegals, America-Hating Communists.

U.S. police chiefs blast Trump for endorsing "police brutality" http://wapo.st/2vhaao3 
ALL LAWS EXCEPT THE ONES U BREAK U E NOT ABOVE THE LAW
Yes, we must remind ourselves the age of robotics is here!
What about the rest of us?
However, we do Not unlawfully beat/ assault the people! We trust and love our police. Don't tellthem how to so their job. You aren't able
#NoMoreDistractions #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpCrimeFamily #FAILEDfakePresident @TeamTrump @WhiteHouse #MuellerTime
@POTUS Why are these agents STILL working?
Please Pardon Sheriff Joe as  he was doing his Job. He didn't have a fair trial. Period. MAGA !!!
The only way to keep them from returning is for armed Americans to guard our borders, and shoot them like the animals they are, if needed.
@realDonaldTrump pls direct proper governing agencies to hold educated contracted professionals accountable for the $ they are contracted 4
well done mr trump sent them home for good 
WE ALWAYS HAVE UNTIL YOU CAME ALONG WITH YOUR RACISM
Please help my mom's friend re-enter as an American. He did everything right and was denied re-entry. please pardon him as a true American.
Will love seeing you do that from the inside. How cute that will be. Can't wait.
Obama was and is a terrorist
Rasista
Telling police officers to get rough is not going to make you a hero of the black community.   Yea, we know who you were referring to.
I don't think he knows what enforcing our laws is, police brutality is against the law. Ishe that stupid to not realize the hypocrisy?
Thank You!ly
A
Why does your hair look like corn??
It's about time somebody got some "YOU KNOW WHATS" in the white house. Mr. President ain't scared baby!!!! 
WHEN WILL YOU GET ALL. ILLEGALS OUT + STOP PAYING THEM.. OR MAYORS WHO SUPPORT THEM INSTEAD OF LAWS.. AND GET SHARIA OUT PER 3 LAWS
When will you sign the Russian sanctions?  You know, not signing it only shows even more clearly that your aligned with Russia.
Trump accomplishments so far: alienated allies, destroyed US reputation around the world, told police to be lawless, no real policy, nothing
You're unhinged
Go Trump Go!
Lol except for paying taxes. Only stupid people actually pay their taxes...
Too late to protect your borders, cause trump is already inside, haha!
Except for #EMOLUMENTS & #COLLUSION
Ya, and they are ALL apologizing to the American people today for your vulgar and despicable comments.
People and talk about how you're protecting the country, and where all the jobs are, where the hell are all the jobs. Get rid of China.
You aren't paying the deductibles for the #ACA making it fail! It's the LAW OF THE LAND & YOU swore an oath to. Don't like it? Don't care.
Ripping off the American taxpayers! Tell #POTUS end Congressional #Obamacare subsidies NOW! 
#EndCongressACASubsidy 
Absolutely.
And beat the shit out of anyone we arrest.
Cartels/terrorists fly in, use boats more than anyx else. Foot traffic way down, we don't need yr stinking racist wall.
#HAIRISBIRD I get it.
Trump is just as bad; just ask Judicial Watch! Trump is weak on illegals. Deport all illegals now, including dreamers, the illegal voters
I wish you'd stay out of my state...why do you keep coming here?
Except for laws we don't like.. aye Donnie.. #ACA Seems like you are setting a different precedent by your example..

You sir are going to open a can of worms you are incapable of closing and will haunt you forever.  You've sold out the American people!!!
Obama taught and encouraged people to disrespect law enforcement!
Law and order tough talk from our lawless president who's never met a law he didn't break.
working great at the borders trumpy
I ain't got to say much about this other than to enforce our laws and protect our borders
Wow calling 4 violence & police brutality? Not same as enforcing the law or protecting our people. The law says innocent until proven guilty

Trump rebuked by Boy Scouts, cops, and military in single week of humiliation http://shareblue.com/trump-rebuked-by-boy-scouts-cops-and-military-in-single-week-of-humiliation/#.WX5aht1kMW8.twitter … via @shareblue
The fear center in your brain is disproportionately overdeveloped.
Boy Scouts of America, Pentagon, and Long Island police department have had to apologize or distance from you as you are a disgrace!
The ACA is a law.  Enforce it.
You're good at promising other people will put their lives on the line, draft-dodger Donnie.
And thank you for that, you are doing a terrific job, best President to date in my lifetime and I am 61 years old.
