
That's is freaking sad
HELP PUERTO RICO AND THE VIRGIN ISLANDS
Serious advice. Stop tweeting and refrain from speaking to the media. You're a huge target !
Do you have any idea what your doing? Every decision you make effects the very people that voted you in office. Please think of others
No the power plant is not as old as many on the mainland. The company my husband works for built it.

your Tweet was quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
#Arrogant #Uncaring #Racist #Tyrannical #Unfair #Sexist #Communist #Greedy #Dishonest #Cynical #Untrustworthy #Explosive #Dangerous #Moron
As us born citizens Puerto Rico pays federal taxes which means they pay your salary.
He doesn't take a salary
I agree with Tilerson, Trump is a moron!  You know he said that Donald.  FACT
*Its*
You only care about your self. AND How you trying to change LAW'S, so you can make money when you finish your presidency.
Embarrassed to have you as a President.
Love you mr. President don't listen to the liberal whiners
Check your grammar, 45. And while you are at it, your common decency.
Its ok mr @realDonaldTrump  im sure candians will step up. New province anyone? @JustinTrudeau we need to help them.
Mr Trump You Remind me Bill Clinton’s and the Kennedy’s administration
Not even close they couldn't keep their blank in their pants he is a good husband and father
Americans are Strong,  Rebuild and relieve the devastation!  Your the man who can wheel and deal,  and get things done! Lol
Fucking fake president ,
I wonder why they do not just drop food and water in from the air if the people of Puerto Rico are not receiving it?
@realDonaldTrump rural areas of Puerto Rico r desperate. Cant get out & supplies cant get in. Pls do something 2 get them out. Helicopters?
that sounds like your describing yourself lol
Why don't you just throw them some batteries.  The paper towels seemed to work
Do you even understand anything???
How awful.
TRUE!!! I experience outages almost daily in Ponce.
Trying to divert the issue again? Who cares if NFL players are protesting in comparison to people in REAL need. Who need WATER and FOOD.
Sai daí maluco
they should work for it.
. Our president is a fool
Everything you say,everything you do...  Caligula 2017

The political parties in charge has let their entire system go, now we'll have to rebuild it, power use to be spotty with brown outs
America first isn't purto rico part usa
Stop sending Tweets, It is the complaint I hear from everyone.
Well maybe your "infrastructure plan" should start there, since they need the help the most. And don't out-source it out...
You keep up the great work drain the swamp and you might become one of the greatest leaders of the free world I know we haven't gotten far on Healthcare we haven't gotten far on tax reform or illegal immigration but you have given the conservative base hope
Food and supplies have been delivered, as was shown in the rant by the "mayor," but no one passing it out! Get the people involved!
There've been reports all week about the effort in PR. The problem is y'all watch the MSM who are lying to you #followinglikeblindsheep 
It's a good lesson to learn. The electric grid on the mainland needs to be updated to guard against EMP, cyberattacks and storm damage.
Put all powerlines and commautions lines under ground.
They would be better off if you paid what you owe them.
Dude, it's America. You're responsible for the grid. Fucking read your job description.

Why has the federal gov't not mobilized a public/private sealift to/from the island? How it is possible to Tweet criticisms instead?
You are going down in history as the President that killed Puerto Rico!!  Air drop food and water and medicine.
AIR DROP!
So send someone to fix it!!  They are going to die and it's all on you!
Forget asking congress!  You are the President!
Trump is a horrible human, but I expect nothing less from evil incarnate.
How am I going to get my students to learn the difference between "it's" and "its" when the President doesn't know?
My peeps from other dimensions are going to work on #PuertoRico. .We'll fix and make it all better, for free. Lemme know when you see.
...Who are ""they""? Did you really say to PR, ""they""? You, spending our American tax payers time in NJ, and you say ""they"". Your nuz...
Love helping. Please tie funds to stronger constrctn/building codes/inspections, to also help their futures.

Here's a handy guide to how your taxes will go up, unless you make more than $471k. #PayTheirFareShare 
These things are partially your fault. Any deaths resulting from WH lack of action is blood on your tiny hands.
Quit
Happy దసరా
You are in terrible shape with a wasted bloated body and face,yet manage to get money, why is that? what lies have you told
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtY9OtQ5vE8&t=43s …
"MAYDAY! We are dying here!" Help Puerto Rico! "MAYDAY! We are dying here!" Help Puerto Rico!
SOS! Help Puerto Rico NOW!
SOS! Help Puerto Rico NOW!
SOS! Help Puerto Rico NOW!
There is one god and he is higher and bigger than any president! You will serve your day Mr President
LMAO. I love the pain that Democrats have in their heart.   Suffer biotches.
I really hope they have a recall on your vehicle breaks and they forgot to tell you!!
I've been trying all day to find out how to become a driver for PuertoRico but don't know who to contact , pls help , ty
That's correct and you can't drive a bucket truck with electrical materials from Florida to PR. It has to be delivered by ships.
Their leaders should have used $ they received to maintain, upgrade, rebuild it.  Not my tax money. Use US tax $ for US infrastructure
In the past you commented how poorly Katrina was handled, Maria is yours. People in desperation. You need to go there sooner, please
Can we have that again in English please?
PR wouldn't be in this trouble if you would have paid them back the money you owe them. Bad person
That debt belongs to businesses and corrupt politicians & d people R paying daily.The Jones Act is taking money away from d island daily
Banco Santander sold million in bad bonds 2 the people in PR.The Catholic Church left people without retirement all corrupt practices. Talk!
Due to the Jones Act people in PR pay so much tariff & taxes for food & medicine.Ur federal government is even closing schools for LDisable!
The people pay very expensive electricity.Corrupt business & some government officials draining the people In PR.Fed gov doing d same.Truth
Banks defrauded PR with bonds.D government didn't intervene.Have left the people of PR paying a debt incurred by corrupt business man! Shame
You & businessman exploit the island leaving the poor people to pay.The Fed Committee leaving children without schools, lowering minimum pay
Shameful comments! This's a disaster.U & your excuses R disgusting.U could've sent the marines on time.What about the money you owe to PR
thanks for the news.....so what the heck are you doing to help them!?  Very weak leadership...only responds when criticized by others!
That's a misplaced apostrophe. Its necessity there is zero, it's wrong. Please, sir, help our PR, that one still has hope.
It's not "it's" Donald, it's "its".  Who taught you English?

Trump talks about Puerto Rico’s ‘massive debt’.
$33M of it came from his failed golf course.

#ThursdayThoughts
pay the 32 million you owe them in taxes from your bankrupt golf course that's a lot of gas, and food
We are and have been aware of their struggle. Are you just finding out? Stop tweeting. Do something.
Great opportunity to test a smart grid. Contact IBM, GE & Siemens to help. Great opportunity for them.
AMERICANS DON'T NEED TO PAY THIS GUY AS ALL HE DOES IS PLAY ON THE COMPUTER!!
Most of the island is without power!
*Its
I'm so sorry for my profanity but I'm not getting my help
Get my my fucking help
Airlift the most vulnerable and repatriate them.
Well , make America great, put your word to GOOD use...
That is completely ignored please yes many places are messy but we have out standing Presedent the mess will desapear.
I wonder how far you’re $33 million default would go towards their electric grid?!?!
What's wrong with you Donald
Please Mr Trump
The governor is stopping the food and water from getting to the people
Trump please send us troops to Puerto Rico  there is corruption going on please send PM there
Blame the victim????? Yup, sounds right on par with an entitled idiot. #WorstPresidentEver #ImpeachTrump
Then why have you not pushed for approval of he bipartisan infrastructure bill that would give jobs and physical safety.  Brown people?

As a combat vet, I fought Nazis ofWWII. Today I #takeaknee, once more, in solidarity w/my brothers&sisters still fighting 4 equality&justice 

How many Americans do you think you killed by placing commerce over humanity with the shipping issue? Tons I bet. You win! Killer Don.
Puerto Rico should be given our absolute aid they are our responsibility
Statehood for Puerto Rico. Waive Jones Act permanently. Federal government rebuild the island & US Virgin Islands.

You are so clueless!
And late!
#resign!
Your hate for President Obama is showing ...... you will be discounted.
You forgot to mention the debt you left them with when you bankrupted that golf resort you started and left Puerto Rico holding the bag!
Does 33 million $ ring a bell Donny? They could do with that right now, you utter shit.
Are we great yet?
Nope.
And who tweets or texts with perfect grammar- get a life people talk about what really matters- #stopthehaters
I bet if you paid that 33 million dollar bond you stuck them when you bankrupted your golf course it would help.
We all hope to be able to get relief to the people in Puerto Rico as soon as possible
What if you see electricity in Iraq 10 hours running a day
What do you care, creep?  You stiffed Puerto Rico when your resort venture there crapped out.
Dare you. Show us what you are really made of. TAKE CARE OF THE 3M AMERICAN CITIZENS IN PUERTO RICO!!!!!!!
They are Americans. Help them.
What are the plans to help them?
You're old and in terrible shape.
I'm referring to tRump. Not to  Puerto Rico. Idiot!! Is English not your first language?
American policies have been sticking it to the good people of Puerto Rico for years. We CREATED the mess. We should fix it! #PuertoRico
With PR in such bad financial shape and infrastructure bad before hurricanes, is this another democrat controlled entity?

It must be "its" and not "it's". You are really not able to speak your own language? I'm a non-native speaker and I know it better than you
Are you aware there are a lot of White Folks there trying to get off. You are worst than  Bush in his handling of Louisiana.
Wow what an a-hole. Sorry not sorry. You have 3.4 or more millions of AMERICANS in P.R. Needing help and you want to blame us for the issue. This is not a president that cares about the people of AMERICA.
impeach
MAYBE IT WOULD BE EASIER TO PUT IT UNDERGROUND OR MAKE IT WIRELESS!!
*Its
Thanks for your help.

U bankrupted your lousy golf course there and cost them over $30 million.  Time to make good and pay them back out of your own pocket, if u really are a billionaire, which I highly highly doubt!
This Journalist from the USA, has uncovered the issue. Please Share !
Why don't you fix it instead of running your mouth all the time. I NEVER tweet as often as you do! You're worse than my email spam!
*its
Fix it
Rebuild Puerto Rico make it the first all green state and climate change ready. Make it a model for the rest of the USA
We've known that for a week.  You, on the other hand, have used the NFL to divert attention from your response.  BAD!
Old electrical grid or not, Puerto Rico is part of the United States. Period! Lives over money. Unless you're greedy of course…
Then fix it. ..
3.5 million Americans ? Lift the Jones act .
They need your help.
@realDonaldTrump "its" vs "it's" ... there is a difference. #basicgrammar
Do your job, help our people in Puerto Rico! Your doing a terrible job helping them. Get off the twitter and work. You're a disgrace to us!
Worst tweet ever. #stoptweetingmrpresident
So many times I Painfully listened to your BS. I often wondered if your Mother dropped you on your head as a child
Orange Hitler. Why is it taking you so long to get aid to Puerto Rico. These people are dying and you're fighting with the NFL
Heartbreaking
You're doing a heck of a job Donnie!
they misspent tax money and now want the USA to rebuild--I don't think so
Trump is a wate of a soul. Disgrace to human kind and a embarassment to this country.
Fuck Puerto Rico!
Pay Puertoricans the 33M you owe them as a result of your bankruptcy and great negotiator skills. #WeWillRemember #GOP #MAGA
