You do know that we know you're lying, right?
We'll see, won't we?
They spent 30 years on Hillary and found nothing. What we already know about Trump is alarming. And odds are there'll be action with months.
But you know that which is why you're so eager to pretend there's nothing there. This isn't going away. Though he might very well be.
FAKE PREZ putinsPuppet cheater.

Awesome post. Spot on.
MAGA We need to unify as a nation
Only after the Nazi racist GOP & putinpuppet @realDonaldTrump leave our WH.
Dotard is a lying sack of elephant dung. President Obama won two elections with a clear majority of the vote, was an excellent President
Same day Hillary "broke" her toe. Now in a boot like Manafort and Price and McCain. #FollowTheWhiteRabbit #QAnon
#fashion
#you'reasfakeastheymakem
Please resign.
@mitchellvii I know what you mean about Twitter censorship.  I always pointed out for months that twitter wont let me like this post for some reason.  My like disappears everyday.  PLEASE TRY IT.
Trump probably has millions of Likes but Twitter has to hide it.

But still not as bad as your lies about past presidents and fallen soldiers. Surely you know that you lied right?
Fake News reporting that you met the President of the Virgin Islands Mr. President. What dumb-arse came up with that?
Did you just tweet the words “fiction writers?”  
Exactly!
The whole world is failing butt you huh

The only FAKE is you. It has gotten to the point where I wonder if you know the difference between truth and lies.
You are nuts. This is like my crazy uncle became president.
More all the time, huh? How are things going in the bunker?
Only thing FAKE is you
You are the liar and everyone knows it.
Fox News is at the top of fake news.  They are paid liars 4 tRump.  #LockHimUp #Loser #TrumpIsABigot #TrumpLies #Loser
The #FakeNews MSM refuses to report that the #MAGA movement is more powerful than ever before!
Hahaha
FAKE: CNN
REALLY REALLY FAKE:
NBCNews...
ALWAYS BEEN FAKE: NYLies...

Puerto Rico! It's your Katrina! Get off golf course and get them water & electricity. You stink at leadership.No follow-up, just foul up.
You are a fiction president!
I wish your entire presidency was #FakeNews
America stopped trusting the Fake News a long time ago!
NBC ignored the Harvey Weinstein story, they've lost all credibility!
Keep fighting the Fake News @POTUS! #MAGA
I have reported this tweet for threatening violence. This tweet is clearly threatening against news networks.
Media wanted to elect a Spirit Cooker!
So the story bout ur drug czar was real, but the rest was “fake”?!? U do know how stupid U R right?!?!?
JEB!
Why does Jeb look embalmed?
“Fake news” like the bullshit you spewed yesterday about Obama not contacting military families??
You are a daily source for fake news.
Our daily source
