i believed in you till you screwed americans on health care.  Shame on you!
Please help us in New Orleans. Our crooked mayor and a handful are tearing down  our monuments 80% of La don't want it
Mitch Landrieu shits and pisses on New Orleans and Louisiana one day at a time.
how do you réel m'y président
Getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania. Looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest Ameri...
Yes
Mr. President I thank God everyday for you and your wife Melania and your wonderful family God bless you all keep up the good work 
I conracted the white house about a important issue with service members, please take a look we Need your help. Thank you Mr. President!!
..Keep up the good work President Trump...That's why I voted for you
Didn't they shut down Walter Reed b/c Army can't run a decent hospital?
I retweeted this a year to the second later.
Think about them before you send them to guard poppy plants !
Hopefully no POW will be forced to greet you and your wife.
Unlike you who took a pass on Vietnam Nam . F...ing Coward.
Unless they are brown or not Christian. True American patriot you are. That was sarcasm, in case your good brain couldn't figure that out.
Did you make sure to say 'congratulations' to somebody who lost body parts fight in a useless war? #cockholster
I bet they love being visited by a draft dodger!
THE ONES WHO WEREN'T CAPTURED,  RIGHT?
Why? You keep saying you are going to make our military great again, so apparently these soldiers weren't good enough.
Since you liked the ones who didn't get caught more, I assumed you'd like the ones that didn't get injured better.
you mean the ones you quit funding?
I'm glad you spelled her name right. since you're married and all.
such a 
Such a PHONY.Should b a QUICK visit
I like
N Korea, Surrender,  give up our man, and relinquish all warheads to China. Will begin feeding your people, exchange for a nuclear trade.
You are the best !
You are carrying make America Great again mission. Would promise to accomplish your mission with peace of the world as #1 priority?
Why so you can congratulate them for getting shot up and injured? So dim. Embarrassing 
Thank you.
Use el chapo's money to pay for the wall. Good idea in my eyes.
2 BAD YOU DON'T KNOW YOUR ASSFROM A HOLE IN THE GROUND DRAFT DODGER. HOWS THEM BOO BOO FOOTSIES. STILL HOIT. LOSE WEIGHT
President Trump , you've been awesome . I'm proud of my president , and I'm proud to be an American !!!!
Why, does Melania need something else lifted?
Better go see the wizard for a brain and a heart. Already have the nerve
I'm sure Melania isn't looking forward to seeing you.. #freemelania
Thank you for being the Best President ever..
THEY HAVE MY HEART, AND ALWAYS WILL 
Just make sure our Vets get equal care and access to resouces and care they so deserve
Good. May God bless you both.
Keep up the good work.  Ignore the illiterates.
Democrats would rather see the country destroyed than Wk  with you.
WHAT ABOUT THE VA HOSPITAL THAT REFUSED TO POST A PICTURE OF PRESIDENT TRUMP ?  HOW UN-AMERICAN AND THIS SETS A BAD EXAMPLE FOR OUR YOUTH !!
WX
Great LOWER THE CAPITAL GAINS TAX!
When u sending her back bruh!!!
@POTUS you are amazing! I get tired learning about everything you do!
you mean the vets you want to pay more for their right to an ed and retraining after they maim themselves, just for your photo op. liar
They sure as H are a billion times braver than you & your pathetic bone spurs.  Good grief <insertEyeRoll>
Please don't turn it in to a photo op.  Be respectful.
Ur a great cdr and chief thank you for serving. The whole world is blessed by you Pres Trump!
Stop with the campaigning. U have the job. You just suck at it
Haven't they been through enough hell already?
@POTUS @WhiteHouse @PressSec Looking to see how many beds you can clear out before you involve the US in a war on 3 fronts?
And you were never one of them.
This center is a mess. Put some $ into this place for modern healing methods
Thank you for being true to the American people and for doing the job that needs to be done! You are a great man and President
U such a fool. Did u family made or build USA?
At least you'll be away from your daughter for awhile. Bet you can't wait for your wife to go back to NYC so you can have Ivanka on ur lap.
"Congratulations" on making an ass out of yourself.
Bout time you aren't in Mira Lago. Thank you for doing this for all Americans.
Fade in: our visit to the right doctor took words, enough for our fake caring ass.
Is that with John McCain along side?
TROPHY WIFE FAKE AND DOESNT EVEN LIVE WITH YOU AT THE WIFE HOUSE. DISGRACEFUL..BUT, WHO WOULD WANT TO CRAWL NEXT TO UYUCK
hope the conditions have improved, and not just for your visit. Send a surprise guest sometime
never understood why soldiers vote Republican when Republicans are more likely to get them killed in stupid Wars
As a VET, if I was in the hospital, I would NEVER allow a DRAFT dodger into my room. I would kick ur a$$ right out. You have NO regard 4 us
Mr Trump i am so glad u r going to see Americas brave and finest men and women. U should hav asked the patients about medical canabus.
President Trump,  I have the New Name of our Military! Please allow me to come present it to you? I would be so Honored! #Thank God for DJT!
Think about how much money could be spent on those vets if our idiot president then fly to Florida every weekend.
Our idiot president wants to run the country like a business. 33% of businesses fail within the first 10 years. Good luck America
Guy I know went to V A a couple wks ago ask 4 hlp was turned away to fill out paperwork ended up across the st and killed hisself help sir
Yea maybe he will learn something LOL
Why would you do that to them. They are the ones who have fought for our country unlike you who is ruining it by every swipe of the pen.
What lies are you going to tell them? What is she suppose to stand there and look fake.
Too bad you're not one of them.
Did u forget the election is over?
And you are the greatest, dear President.
Please tell the first lady I said happy birthday I signed the card but not sure if she'll get it God bless
Are you going to escort her this time, or ignore her again?
From what we've seen in the way he treats poor Melania, he'll probably posture and pose...then motorcade off,  leaving her on the sidewalk!
Another Disneyland Photo Op?
@realDonaldTrump looks like your very popular,NOT!!
This is how you treat those who serve  - #pathetic
I'd say, stay there and get help, but you are a draft dodger
I am so saddened at the way people dishonor one another. We are each responsible for our own words, regardless of our opinion.
Why did you congratulate someone getting the Purple Heart??? Are you crazy....
They don't want to see you.  You're a coward.
Make sure you congratulate them on their injuries. Maybe one of them will give you that purple heart you want so badly
You're so far out of your league visiting them.
...where you "congratulate" a soldier for having his leg blown off??!!!!  You should probably stick to golfing.
But you said you liked the soldiers who didn't get shot. Now I AM confused.
I have always thought that the most brave and greatest man is Mr. Lincoln.
As you cut back on healthcare
Thank you for going to bat for Veterans. I stand behind the president on this.
If you shut down the government because of your wall, you won't be able to visit the VA hospital.
This time please consider your spouse when in public and don't be such a cad and walk 6 feet in front of her.  Who raised you?!
Then fix that system
Remembering your comment on John Mc Cain being a POW not making him a hero for you I wonder does being shot make you a hero then?
A D then disrespecting them?
You congratulated someone for losing their leg. You're crushing it. And by crushing it, I mean you suck
BS, as if you care. Phony again.
Anyone there with that terrible condition "heel spurs" , Donnie???  Poor baby.
keep it up Donald.. all the best..
Cool story Bro
A Draft Dodger not fit to speak too them
#impeachTrumpnow #Trumprussia
Draft dodgers like you should emit such a stench they should not be allowed near any military hospital!
Very proud, as a woman and as  an American, to have such a gracious, elegant, and wise First Lady.  Thank you Melania!

If @realDonaldTrump had 1 oz of presidential leadership, he'd simply say "thank you" to a #PurpleHeart recipient - not "congratulations." 

But are they looking forward to seeing you.....
THANK YOU SIR FOR CARING ABOUT OUR KNIGHTS OF NOW. CSM KAREN E.H. NAYLOR, DAV.
Leave the poor veterans alone.  They deserve better than you!
Injured soldiers had to fake smile @potus, he's a traitor & draft dodger. It's like fake potus went to Walter Reed to spit in their faces.
#CowardInChief #NeverTrump #Cowardice #TinyHands #NoMoreWar #Divest #Syria #NorthKorea #YouGetBadRatings
Coward In Chief https://youtu.be/_YVnfLnGJqc  via @YouTube
so do u really think "congratulations & tremendous" was appropriate 4 someone who just had his leg amputated? #insensitive
Are you going to congratulate more people for losing limbs? Tremendous!
You need to visit the VA hospitals. You can see all the Vietnam Veterans who took your place cause you was a coward #draftdodger
disabled vets' caregivers losing benefits. Mr President,  the VA IS CORRUPT   please fix it!
Not one 100% Disabled VIETNAM vet has ever been allowed to receive the Caregiver Stipend. Not one.
Thank you Mr Presendent and First Lady 
You are absolutely blessed with love
Be sure to show them your bone spur which you have in your........left foot, yeah your left foot...
Please get a psychiatric evaluation to determine whether you have dementia or are just mentally ill.
You blew it again. "Congratulations"?  Really? Do you ever rehearse? You even need a speech writer for saying "Thank you for your service."
You are supposed to say,"thank you for your service and sacrifice in a private setting. How embarrassing you are.
How dare you use a man's amputation as a photo op for you? Congrats and tremendous are not words u use for medal of honor rec.
Fake
are you going to congratulate more soldiers for getting wounded?
What is brave about invading dozens of countries, killing millions, because you 'Think', they may harm U, I say COWARD LLUN
It is good to do these trips. Bob Hope once said it was for them you go even if It hurts you to see it. They count!
To congratulate them? So embarrassing
and you avoided Vietnam because of heel spurs. These men and women were willing to give their lives, shame on you
Wait ur with Melania still? I thought America was paying for ur divorce 
Sounds so great to hear our president respect true heroes.
And then you congratulated the recipients---what did you say? Congratulations for not being killed? 'Thank you' was the appropriate message.
I'll BET,since you DODGED YOUR duty to serve your country and NOW you're going to send more young men and women into harms way! DISGUSTING
Great!! God Bless! You both!!
Keep sending 'em over there and you will always have disabled vets to visit.
Then explain why republicans didn't support any veteran jobs bills.
Thank you and God bless you for this & ALL you do & are trying to do in the name of GOD, COUNTRY

THEN YOU SHOULD EXPLAIN WHY MARIJUANA IS NOT LEGAL FOR THEM TO USE FOR MEDICAL REASONS AND FOR PTSD !!  THEN FIRE SESSIONS.
Someone seems desperate to distract us from the FBI's Russia investigation! More and more damning evidence turns out everyday! #DonTheCon
If only stupidity can foresee the ignorant words that Come out of your mouth.   Congratulations......smh
She hates that you are running the country and wants nothing to fo with it

Looking forward to seeing the bravest and greatest Americans? Yet our veterans go without housing food and shelter.
Can the docs there remove this spurs Donnie?
God Bless you both. Taking time to pay homage to our great wounded warriors. They are and deserve the best. As a couple you spend your.
That Veteran was not happy to see this a hole ,,, and this a hole couldn't keep his ugly butt hole mouth off the Vets wife,, 
You're just going to count how many beds are available for your careless move towards a war that will cost many soldiers lives.
You should be careful. I don't think that they allow Nazis in there.
Coming from a draft dodger this is a little insulting, don't you think?
