What a complete load of Bullshit.
Democrats no they are finished if we prove they colluded,HRC,PODESTA. Hillary said he wins we all Hang, Cummins said we cannot lose this one
#POTUS45
Loved that speech, President.
Speech transcript at Arab Islamic American Summit https://www.facebook.com/DonaldTrump/posts/10159172888005725 … Replay https://www.facebook.com/DonaldTrump/posts/10159173060090725 … #RiyadhSumm...
@RPMMAS  HAAAAA!!  He couldn't spell back then either!!  "lose" cannon??  How about loose cannon?  LOL!  
habana agenda wiwiwiw colombia multiproyectos acuerdo paz magna wilson


Loved your epic speech!
great speech need action to make it happen
Great speech today mr President! Really impact full
Brilliant!! We've got your back, Sir! #MAGA
Im making Russia great again
that was an Awesome Speech! So proud you are our President
Choose Mr. president!  Saudi Arabia, a country without right of vote or Iran with democracy of 80 million

The MSM and the Democrats are opposing the greatest President in modern American history

Let that sink in.
Drugs
what happened to radical islamic terrorism?
Remember the muslim ban?
Travel ban against extremists to protect our homeland.
Yet none of the countries on it have conducted a terrorist act in US? Why wasn't Saudi on it? Remember 9/11
 Best leader of the free world ever! Phenomenal job! Melania was awesome too! 
If the travel ban to protect is against extremists was in effect maybe @POTUS wouldn't return? DARN IT!

Great speach

Stay strong in the sea of hate.
Lord Jesus Protect our President Donald Trump and may he acknowledge you in every aspect of his presidency, his family, his life.
Great speech & call to end terrorism. Let's begin with the epicenter, a country who takes our money & kills our soldiers. For how long?
they love you so much please stay there
Please stay abroad, Sir.
Your very presence overseas is #MAGA.
Yes! Everywhere @POTUS  goes.
Represent #MAGA

This speech was an abomination.
Especially considering your previous tweet on the subject.
#SundayMorning
#TrumpinSaudi
#MiskTweeps
I don't know how your Deplorables can stand by you when you've (THANK GOD) broken every promise.
#SundayMorning
#TrumpinSaudi
#MiskTweeps
Brag to any of the Saudis about firing Comey, too?
No?
Probably because they didn't tell you to.
#SundayMorning
#TrumpinSaudi
#MiskTweeps
Stocking up for Comey's testimony before Congress.
#SundayMorning
#TrumpinSaudi
#MiskTweeps
Does anyone REALLY think @VP didn't know that Flynn was a foreign agent?
#SundayMorning
#TrumpinSaudi
#MiskTweeps
Thanks for doing the right thing and bowing for the Saudis,
but did you HAVE to curtsy?
Seems excessive.
#TrumpinSaudi
#MiskTweeps
Get a life troll
Great speech! Heard the whole thing- fox news.
How much did the Saudis pay you?

They paid him enough to curtsey.
Look familiar?
What ever happen to the your famous words " RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM" that you weren't scare to say ?
I watched your speech on Fox News.  You did a very good job, Sir!
Very good speech, congratulations.
Simply and Sadly a Fantasy Speech! You should of delivered same speech as when you campaigned! #NoBallsTrump
Bravo!The Donald Finally Fired a Swamp Creature #Antiwar
#GOP #hardball #hannity #tucker #maddow #dobbs #Trump #tcot
http://original.antiwar.com/david_stockman/2017/05/16/bravo-the-donald-finally-fired-a-swamp-creature/ …
Did you take their oil?
The fact the fact that you're upsetting snowflakes, like Holly O'Reilly, tells me you are doing exactly the right things.
Thanks for empowering them for another 9-11...the next round will be more bigly with you're help
Fabulous speech! Beautifully delivered! So proud of President Trump 
Another broken campaign promise by you and your administration!
I doubt the Saudi know of his tweets or they just dont bother with nitwits. They look at the big picture.
Or the golf cart?
 People who wish you were not our president
Speak for yourself. America is a better place with Trump.as our President
That sentence isn't true no matter where you put the period, Tom.
Congrats on not starting WW3 today.
Remember when you said Obama & Hillary were weak b/c they didn't use the phrase "radical Islamic terrorism"?
He said "the crisis of Islamist extremism and the Islamist terror groups it inspires". No weaker than what he said before.
I saw with your eye the generosity and greatness of the Saudis
$110billion is indeed very generous of #SaudiaArabia & good for #AmericaFirst #MIC

You know @POTUS is winning % when You hear #Saudis say #DrainTheSwamp  #ThreeWordTrump  #AmericaIsBACK  
Standing tall in the name of racists everywhere is more like it.
Racist is so 2016, I thought it was fascist now 
You can be both!
True, but you're not one until proven so. Do you have proof of Trump being either?
I read and heard it...where did you say "Radical Islamic Terrorists"? I was sure you would since you said Obama is weak for not saying it.
Is there anything he hasn't been a total hypocrite about?
Hahaha #Salty
Nah, it's #intelligent
You just made my day with that joke! Intelligent? Trump is out there trying to make peace all you people care about is Conspiracy theories

We have your back, keep on marching 
What was that you said about Muslims?  I bet you won't repeat it now, you coward.  Why did that witch slap your hand away trump, even she
doesn't want to be with you, she's along for the ride, sugar daddy.
Been there! 82-83 in Jeddah, met the bin Laden family.
Love my President Donald Trump!  Speaks the truth with boldness!
Nice speech writer-good job reading the TelePrompTer. Keep it up. Oh why is Ivanka there? Are we paying for that?

just like gomer pile would say surprise surprise
But 4 my enemy s it would cost em
Take care of Americas business.  
MESA=MAKE EARTH SAFE AGAIN.
Hail mother Russia
@realDonaldTrump I thought you were a man of incredible stamina...staff says not!  Hilary would have been prepared and done GREAT! Not you!
Thank you mr trump ! Taking it to the streets . God will never put more on your plate than you can handle
When my king gone actually hole Middle East gone. Its on your goverment sir
you proved that you can read. Let's see how long TelePrompTer trump lasts....
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
Can you pleeeeeeasssse stop walking off and leaving your wife?!?!? 
Nice curtsy Drumpf
Nice
Donald You no PODESTA TOOK 435million from Kremlin whilst in the campaign, that's Collusion Russia wanted Hillary to win, Democrats span the
MR. PRESIDENT!!!!!   Guess what???   Top story in the US continues to be  #TrumpRussiaInvestigation!!!
You are a Great American and a true leader for all the values that we share together !!! God Bless You and the USA !!!
Never mention human rights?
Only major story in the US: Flynn to take the 5th. Trump in Sept: “The  mob takes the 5th...If you’re innocent, why are you taking the 5th?”
What an amazing speech you gave I wish I could hug you right now
You leave everyone wondering whether you're pro or anti- Muslim. You change stories more often then you change your tidy-whities. #Impeach35
So glad ur wife stood by our flag and didn't wear a scarf! That's what we call them, scarf!
Someone wrote your speech.  Tweet what you think!
You're such a hypocrite criticizing Hillary for taking money from the Arabs but you're daughter is taking 10x more most disgusting family
Not so easy to drain the swamp. Many snakes in both sides of the isle. DO NOT give up. We stand behind you. Call out crooks
Great Speech!
@realDonaldTrump How about not selling $110 million of weapons to Saudi Arabia where 15 of the 19  9/11terrorist came from! Hypocrite!!!!
You stand to make millions off the arms deal! Disgusting! It is appalling that you chose this country as your first foreign visit!
. Yee haw or getti up what ever you want to say
What I don't get is why your daughter and son in law have to be with you over in Israel! At who's expense
What will you do to 54 militias that are armed,armed and trained by Iran to sweep Iraq,Syria.
Your statements do not solve the problem

That speech was phenomenal!
Please dont ruin this like you are ruining this counyry
He's doing okay. I know it's awfully peaceful here while he's away, lol.
Seriously; Don't they have bathrooms so you can tweet more or is it travel-induced-constipation (TIC)? Ask your doctor for "Foreigna". 
Can't tweet now finger is busy pointing oh yes need the rest room quick
Extraordinary!!!!
Good to see you've extended your vocabulary for the world to hear you twit
Where's the Russian transcript pissy
منور ياريس منور الرياض والعرب وان شاء الله نشوف الدنيا حلو وأمان تاني علي أيديكم وتجمع الامها العربيه وترجع ارضينيها

THE DRESS THAT STAND THE LEFT , LIBS , WAS SO STUNNING, IT NEEDS TO BE INDUCTED INTO THE HALLS OF THE SMITHSON IAN INSTITUTE FOREVER!!!!
It's nice seeing you get chummy with terrorists
Drain the swamp
The war against terrorism hasbeen renamed by @realDonaldTrump  as the battle between good and evil.
Good clearly r those who say Peace....
And  make Peace,who live n let live,who do not kill innocent pple.And who is evil bt those who say Peace n make War,who kill innocent.....
....people in their own homes or throw them out of their land making them refugees,who live and let die..
AWESOME SPEECH MR. PRESIDENT!!
PRAYING  FOR YOU , GOD IS WITH YOU  ,YOUR DOING YOUR JOB RIGHT  , WE LOVE YOU , ANGEL  ARE  PROTECTING YOU, TRUSTING GOD FOR YOU .
Democrats are freaking out. Donald Trump is demonstrating the appreciation of the world for a real leader in the US. Unlike last 8 tears.
MIDDLE EAST PEOPLE PLEASE REALIZE ALL Religions are Wrong, made up stories by Man. if there is a God it wants us to LOVE ALL HUMANS EQUALLY
Is this the versions where you don't say Radical Islamic Terrorism? #trumpsaudispeech  #trumpsaudi #sissyinchief #trumpcurtsied
Maybe you should "drive out" the hate you create in the US, particularly in Alt-right hate groups. Despicable.
Again, making a fool of yourself!
What a leader! You are following God's perspective. We are thankful for your wisdom and strength. Grateful.  Very Grateful.  
Oh please. DT didn't even know he was in the Middle East
Making America GREAT
all muslims must give full support to donald sir, for his fight against terrorism. the only man who can wipe out terrorism from the earth
Looks like the wife pissed at him. No holding hands with them lmao.
During campaign "I think Islam hates us"
During presidency "I think Islam is a great faith" then goes and kisses their asses.  damn oil.
Mr trump in court I will call an elpaso county deputy sheriff in as a carictor wittness 4 me surprise surprise
인권과 자유가 보장된 나라에 테러리스트로 인한 출입에 대한 제한이 주는 상징적 미국의 안전이 중요하나 게다가 중하류층이 많은 미국에 경제난이 심각하며 오히려 미국 중류층의 해외이민이 걱정된다
#TrumpRussia #DontComeBack
Here’s a final jeopardy question for you Donnie. Arabs live in the Middle East and Israelis live in the __? Hint: the answer is not Israel.
You are a shame in your country, and take you daughter for what RATEROS
New friends?
bueno esta visita a esto tres paises esta muy bien saludo
What a hypocrite! And btw...where are your taxes?
DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF DRUMPF!


WINNING!! .

'Morning Mr. President!  How's it going?   Things are getting REAL  interesting back here at  home...
Oh who cares?  You can kind of, sort of read from a TelePrompTer, but then you always look so mean pretending to be serious
Nice necklace,Doanld.
good thing you stuck to the script. But don't think they forgot your insults to their faith.
Yes sir! You can't live with snakes and be free from snake bites. #DriveThemOut
A strong start for our Commander in Chief. Well done sir!
Oh how times change
You lost your nerve to address ,"radical Islamic terrorism"? Saying that it would've been too racist would've been a better excuse.
Do, I hope they hang all of u's out to dry big time. U are not looking out for US, u are looking out for u're own butts financially. So
Everyone is so happy to help out trump with taxpayer's money, nice move Trump!
WHO CARES! U NEVER WROTE IT. U CAN'T EVEN COMPLETE A SENTENCE PROPERLY!!
We're so proud of Trump!
Thankyou
