Thank you President Trump.  Congratulations Cubs.
Not very professional looking.  Looks like they just got out of bed.
Why?  They already visited a real president. Just go back to fellating Vladimir.


Unbelievable.

CNN Producer BUSTED Admitting ‘Trump Russia Story Is Mostly BS’  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HL86QNNSSSA … 
Will u b throwing out the first pitch in 2018?
They were LAST year. We're in a whole new season. Jeez, talk about your weird publicity stunts.
Looks like a few didn't show up?  I am glade a few have character to show the pres he sucks
Nye
Cool!
G20
Hey! Remember this?
CNN is Fake News
Obama's crowd was bigger
I can't help but wonder if obummer's blood pressure climbed a bit when he saw the Cubbies enjoying POTUS in the WHITE HOUSE!Looks like fun
Yeah I think it's hilarious your so obsessed with Obama that you gotta do everything he does or try to undo it ..
@AP  Donald Trump will always be one of the most embarrassing things about the United States

RETWEET if you agree!
@AP  Donald Trump will always be one of the most embarrassing things about the United States

RETWEET if you agree!
Congrats Cubs!!! As a redsox fan it was nice to see Lester get another ring.
Hahaha one curse welcomes another...
This has to be the only downside of winning the World Series. Right? 

Poor Cubs. Even when they win, they lose.
I know! They had to see Obama
Ya know in the scheme of things...you're a putz
Your presidency is a 2nd-inning Grand Slam.

So much #winning done, yet the winning has barely started Mr. #President.
Poor Cubs, somebody report this, it's obviously a hostage situation #cult45 #MAGATS
Şampiyon Beşiktaş 
Go cubbies!
I have to say I'm a little disappointed in you Chicago.
World series? When it's only played in the USA and not world wide!!!!!!! Now I know why I don't move back.
We love you so much President Trump!
Will you please throw out the first pitch at a @Nationals game? America needs a good laugh right now.
Awesome
God bless you Mr Trump!
We must continue to fight the globalist agenda and take our country back from those looking to infringe upon our rights.
take our country back from what? are you serious?
@realDonaldTrump #DonaldTrump #PresidentTrump @POTUS
Wow. I thought they had more players than that?
Fantastic!!
From you, leave Libya to the Libyans ... Carry with you the traitors and the agents they are your sons
Cnn is trash tv
CNN is for intellectuals. Perhaps you should stick with Fox and his cult
Pseudo-populism photo-ops from a fake President
Chicago hates you!

This something Obama never did.
He already hosted the Cubs before he left office. He also hosted the Warriors. Now they won't go meet #ComradeTrump.
BREAKING NEWS: Inside The Mind of A Trump Voter 
3 #Trump loving archetypes. (Can u spot the bot?)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-8YX66eyw4 …
#TrumpRussia
That awkward moment when there's no hard evidence that @realDonaldTrump colluded with Russia yet plenty of evidence @HillaryClinton did.
 Special Counsel
 Independent Commission
 2018 Impeachment
 REMOVAL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RA3DT8-7hNk …
 #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #resist 
Have you mentioned that the special counsel member have found no hard evidence? Get your facts straight bro. He won't get impeached.
But we can only pray and hope he does. He's a careless person and not to mention an idiot. I pray fir impeachment every day!
Pray resistance team
How many of them didn't come?
Who cares
Me. That's why I asked. Duh.
THE CUBS COULDNT WAIT FOR OBUMMER TO GET OUT OF THE WHITE HOUSE!!
Fake news!  SAD!!!!

Nice smile, @realDonaldTrump !
During his marriage to Melania. That's all I care about. And she was pregnant at the time, too.
It was not when she was pg with Baron. Baron turned 11 and this was between marriages! It was recorded without his knowledge by Bush nephew.
You're speaking for the entire world, huh? 

God, the stupidity.
It was 2005, the year they married. And according to Billy Bush and most sane people, it wasn't locker room talk.
You know u are correct it was Year they married. It was male bs. Recorded unknown. Second who cares in the past. He is your Pres.! Covfefe!
Glad they're actually attending unlike those golden state scabs
Sorry it's not an honor to meet a fake president
He got elected fair and square but ok
If by "fair & square" you mean w/the help of Russia and 3 million LESS votes by uninformed, ignorant cult-like morons, sure...fair & square
200+ million other Americans sat at home while Hillary took her foot off the gas on her campaign and cruised into loserville
Come on, yawn...
Typical Trump Cult Member comeback. 
Hillary...
Great response from an anonymous account lol
There is never been such a jolly president as President Trump! How anyone could hate him it's beyond my understanding!
Are you serious?  You believe that?
Super Jolly. He's so good at bringing lawyer that he tells jokes about a hurricane destroyed island, while he's standing on that island.
You haven't yet acknowledged it being pride month. Clock is ticking, Mr. Friend of the LGBTQ Community.
No one cares about pride it's satanic
I'm so thankful this was not Barack or Hillary greeting my favorite team. I can have a fond memory of this now.
Best 2 things that happened in 2016!  Trump our President! Cubs winning the World Series! Don't get any better! God Bless America!
Journalists with cameras & audio were allowed for this non important matter.  @washingtonpost @CNN @nytimes @WSJ @thehill
They were  there when Obama had them there in January too so your point is?
What does the WH repeatedly not allowing journalist to turn cameras or audio on during briefings, have to do with Obama? Not a damned thing!
What does the original tweet have a damn thing to do with press briefings
Exactly. Libtards 
I pray that all Americans just stop separating into groups.  We are all Americans and that's what matters most.
I hope for the exact same thing. It is refreshing to hear someone else say it for a change. #DemocratsofAmerica #Reachacrosstheasile
I'd invite you to come to Wrigley for a game, but we know you're too big a coward to ever visit Chicago after you cancelled your rally here.
I would to with all the gang bangers there not to mention all the corrupt politicians who have run it into the ground
You're not invited.
Neither are you
I live in Chicago . I'd be glad to invite you! 
#MAGA
My heavens, how could Kari survive with all the gang bangers and corrupt politicians??
I'd have to bring some body guards
And your gun. 
Just another photo op for the Demander in Chief. You are so FAKE and such a LIAR. Get that IMPEACHMENT started and try you for TREASON 

Go Cubs!
Every day more of your voters are experiencing a sobering case of buyer's remorse, hence your plummeting approval rating.
Keep telling yourself that. Fake news? Exposed. Russia? Lies created by Dems & MSM...all he does is win and triggers you as an added benefit
Fake news? Cited when it's a story Donald doesn't like. Russia? Being investigated by a special prosecutor, the FBI, Senate/House.
Winning? Small wins few and far between. Golfing & Vacations? Tons!
While you're running in circles chasing fake news he's passed how many bills? How many reg's really led back? New jobs? & exposing the left!

It was my great honor to welcome the 2016 World Series Champion Chicago @Cubs  to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon.… htt...
I predict record lows for championship teams visiting. I'm surprised you didn't try to deport the outfield 
Is that what your Crystal ball says and the outfield is here legally it's called work visas
Potus only deports illegals that kill Americans. Liberals think thats OK!
#MAGA
Until they kill one of their own and then it would still probably be ok with their mentality
Yep.  They'd say -- Poor illegals need a hug and some love.
#Nuts
Republicans are way more sensitive they revert to name calling but put on a play they don't like, be gay, Muslim, etc then it's 
 Here are  7 things YOU can do  RIGHT NOW to #Resist the #Trump agenda and set the stage for #ImpeachTrump:
Seems like a lot of curses are being lifted these days. Soon, we lift the Democrat/Socialist/Communist curse!!!
90
I love this!!!
I'm sure they dreaded coming just like patriots! Nobody wants to go to WH anymore! Sad!
HOMOSEXUALITY  -

is pure evil
Finally, a team with class!
Yes great visit I love the cool guy that shot you the bird!

Now they will really be cursed for an eternity. Breaking bread with Satan is never a good thing. But maybe it's the one thing not tried. Sad
@BarackObama was the first one to welcome them to the Whitehouse and he did it much much better.

CURSE OF THE TRUMP! The #ChicagoCubs will not win a series for 100 year!! #CurseBackOn
Yeah after Kelly almost threatened the team saying they had to go because it was tradition. Well, there are a lot of traditions you don't do
What does any of this stuff about pride have to do with the Chicago Cubs? Smh.
The #Cubs should #boycott #visit #fakepresident is a CONMAN
Why would they visit you. Your a liar and a greedy cheet
Congratulations!!
then you got flipped the bird LOL
Poor Cubs.....have to put up with that!
What honor ?
Impeach this ORANGE PIECE OF 
It must have been nice for you be there with the Cubs...and the guy who flipped you off LOL!
I am ashamed that some of the Cubs went to your White House.
love the summer hate the sun
It would be a great honor if you scratched me
Glad to see a team with some class and respect for showing up.
Good work
@Acosta @BrianKarem  Oh look Jim and Brian, photographers taking pics and cameras rolling at the white House. Wish you were here!
has talked about them not being invited, and they have not decided that if
Thanks Mr. President, God bless you and your family.
Most didn't show because you're an incompetent fool.
So disappointed in @Cubs.
yea they are all laughing at it
How dare you speak of Honor you have no idea what the definition of Honor means you piece of s***

Hey @warriors...this is how a class act organization conducts themselves as Champions!
After they broke the drought, I am so sorry to see that the World Champion Cubs, a class organization, is now slumming it
The Cubs know what to do with a petulant, unprofessional team member-they re-assign him.  Maybe you need to be reassigned #MonteronTrump2017
Someone gave u the finger
It's Obama's home town. You didn't have anything disparaging to say??? Are you feeling ok, President Bannon??
at least they got to meet president obama.
When the cubbies met with Obama, they wore suits/ties as a show of respect. You got short sleeves! Too funny!
Embarrassed for cubs to be there!
Too bad it was embarrassing for them to meet u.
It's a shame you didn't get picked to play professional baseball. The world would have been a better place.
They weren't honored to be breathing the same air as you
Congratulations to the Cubs!
They should if never came, they won on Obamas watch,
Go Cubs!  Can't wait for more championships!!!
.
There you go taking credit for something else Obama did first
They should've cancelled. Sad.
Of course it was. Anything that takes you away from actual work, but still keeps the focus on you..
Love the Cubs, but Trump is the biggest boob on the earth whose son comes from relations with Ivanka
Bet they all showered when they left the WH to remove your sliminess!
滚犊子
Cub's were stupid to play into your EGO trip
Finally get someone to be seen with you . How much did it cost you ?
Looks like the Cubs players were more excited to meet Obama than trump lol #wheresalltheplayers
season over already?
DT. U. R. What we need I ask u to cut back tweets & lets Dems. & MSM self employed. They will on their own  no help needed
Glad for the Cubbies
This seems like the plot of an absurd futuristic movie: Cubs win world series, and Donald Trump is president.
Cubbies!
Love the smile!! #MAGA
Instead of doing work.....
Chicago is a "warzone" still, right?
Wow you got a team to show up!
You are so petty you made the cubs come back to the White House. Delete your account
I think 45 actually means his IQ level.
Did Trump try to kiss the lady in this?
they ALL laughed at you behind your back
You and the Cubs. God was getting high in 2016.
you are a terrific Cubbie, Mr. President. And I noticed you have great skill in hitting that wicked curve ball, too.
I can't believe my beloved Cubs showed up in the presence of a man who has no regard for blacks, gays, women, latinos.your honor, not theirs
You just screwed up our chances of going back to back by touching our stuff...thanks a lot
Love the jersey
Is the dipshitiot still looking for Dan Gilbert?
@POTUS @Cubs @WhiteHouse U mean the Capital right?
Please continue to invite athletes and ban Russian spies from the Oval Office.

Glad the Warriors had the good sense to not tarnish their reputation by going to a photo op with the slug-in-chief.
fool
Bartman and Comey hate you!
you might be adressing the Cubs and all that hoopla but there are piles of crimes to stop.get er done plz
Maybe it's something you didn't know  but our president is one heck of a golfer and was one heck of a baseball player just a little tidbit.
Always loved the Cubs till now. Hope it's another 100 years before they win the Series #Resist
The Warriors have the good sense not to come see you.
Where's the rest of the team 
WHOOT-WHOOT  #MAGA
@TuckerCarlson @seanhannity Notice how many American collage baseball players have been replaced cheeper H1B imports from other countries.
God bless this team
None of them look very happy to be there.
Probably the only historical figures that will enter the oval office til you leave
Dickless Don Absorbs the Curse of the Goat!  #немойпрезидент #notmypresident #putincokholster
#danarohrabachermustgo
#darrellissamustgo
I love it. More people have come to WH than ever before. Some lawmakers never met with obama
Wait what???  The fake news reported they refused to come and were going to museums instead!!!  You sure this photo is real?? Russia made it
They all hate you
They should have stayed home.  You hate monger
Wtf man can we not celebrate a sports team without someone throwing stones? Thank you @potus for welcoming our beloved world champion Cubs
