Bless up. Amen.
Remember Mueller
Blessed Be~ Try Wicca.  Nature is a great church.  Til you came along.
But why just on Sunday? I’m a tad confused.
You should be used to being confused by now. Smh.
Me or Trump? Seriously, this was just a facetious post, mostly aimed at the opinion that Trump does not espouse Christian ideals.
Everyday we pray.. we pray you go far far away! #trumpisanasshat
Thank you POTUS,..God Bless America and God Bless YOU and Your Family...  Amen  :)
Come on dude.  You don't give a shit about religion
I bet Your praying for wisdom...
I'll be praying for you to die, or in prison, like your entire family. And that includes most of the REPUBICS party.To hell with you ALL.
It's 2017. Stop with this nonsense.
Put down the loan star.
Amen the world will be praying. This please's Jesus very much. I will be there in prayer. 
I pray you'll resign
If only it were about the way you live... oh wait it is.
Why are Christians always the sketchiest people?
You pray, I'll wear a wizard suit and eat corn dogs. Let's see who accomplishes more for Houston.
King Trump doesn't understand that religious proclamations are unconstitutional
I thought it was watch TV and Tweet day?
What ya gonna do if I don't? Eh? 
wow wtf?

Dear LORD deliver us from EVIL (#Trump) Remove this thorn in the flesh so America can begin to "heel"
Heel is what you make your dog do. And she lost the election. Perhaps you meant heal
Perhaps you can try and stay current gramps
So much respect for the work you're doing, Mr. President!! Don't listen to haters...
Praying for your impeachment
LOL ~ you are so funny!!
He just cant help himself. He has to add the little reminder that He the President made a proclamation. The constant need to stroke his ego.
But ... but he went to Texas and laid his hands on Gods people..he must be Jesus!!!
Then he passed around collection plates...you know so he could start rounding up a million dollars to donate.

Trump praying:
I mean, that is rich. The racist hateful pussygrabbing 2x divorced sexual assaulter is declaring a National Day of Prayer.
I will pray for all the lives you try and ruin with your hate & bigotry.
Thank you! Love is the ultimate requirement. Trump doesn't love anyone except himself! He's a habitual liar!

Even Mr Rogers hates trump
I'll be praying for your impeachment. In Jesus name
Well your prayers will go unanswered, pal. Move along
God doesn't exist
That's sad you think that. Eternity in Hell is scary. Jesus Loves you. 
Yeah, right. You are just SO spiritual.
He’s definitely not an angel. But better than the Clinton’s
It’s over for us. If the Democrats get control again. They’ll destroy the country. Obama was working on it
Alzheimers? You cannot remember 2008 and the economic depression Obama hauled us out of?
Praying never works. I prayed Trump would not be President and oh yeah. World peace. Everyone prays for that. #Fail
national day of reverence.
Praying hard for #ImpeachTrump #saveDACA #TheResistance

President Trump is bringing back Judeo-Christian Values!
Well, yeah, if you overlook the three marriages and infidelity 
And the extortion.
The very probable rapes.
.@realDonaldTrump I'll be praying for your impeachment. Thanks for the reminder!
Thank you for all you are doing. Don't give up! We are proud of you!
The majority of Americans voted against DJT..he lost the popular vote.
His base is shrinking.
And I proclaim that you're infringing on the separation of church and state (by American majority proclamation)!
Was it an official "order"?
We love you Pres Trump. You are a true patriot!
What religion are we Praying in? Are you forcing the atheists to pray too?  You do realize you can't force this on us right
So sick of the hatred towards our President who is for ALL Americans.  Guess they'd rather have ThugInChief back
Trump is NOT for all Americans. He tries to suppress info by belittling the press. Know who else does that?  Kim jung un
He just always fights back. He is 4 all. Obama was the anti American.
Trump is only for himself. He claims to be the friend of labor and small business, yet hires contractors and stiffs them on their bill f him
Trump rocks!! See the Missouri business ppl & employees thanking him for tax cuts. He’s for ALL AMERICANS 
Pray for yourself Mr. Pres.  ending DACA on Prayer day is hypocritical.  So many children will now be thrust into poverty in countries they don't even know.
#DACAWorks (true)
Wonder if 45 can get the words right!!!!
Remember all of you negatives. "Judge not least you shall be judged in the same manner." You will have a rude awakening on judgement day! God Bless POTUS.
There's a praying president in the white house 

Thank you king Jesus
And every Sunday...  :D
Our President attends church EVERY SUNDAY
So do mafia members.
I have been a TEAMSTER for 50 yrs My Father helped found local 600 in St Louis and wass BEATEN UP with AXE Hahdles TWICE I SUPPORT D. TRUMP
Prayer does nothing, you were elected and you are still in office. The President should be best and brightest among us, NOT YOU!
Democracy?  Why?
We are praying you will resign. #dotherightthing we don't want you as president even ur own voters regret u being president
You are praying for the collapse of our nation. Enjoy that dream.
God Bless you!...our country is very LUCKY to have you as our President....patriotic...honest....For The People!
Thank you for being unselfish in giving your time to
Make America Great Again!
On the day the white house has to scramble to contain Rudy.  Perfect.
http://Www.letthelightinme.com 

Spend 5 minutes in Adoration At the Basilica and feel God's Peace.
Our Nation needs Adoration.
And little bitty hands... just sayin'
Pray for Florida. Thank god there is no global warming.
You are the antichrist, you can't be proclaiming things like this.
Jesus wept. #SaveDACA #DACAWorks #IStandWithDreamers
Ew
Prayer day? What the hell would @realDonaldTrump know about praying.
Matthew 6:24
America will always PRAY! LVE YOU! #PrayForOurLeaders #PrayForTrump #PrayForTexas #Pray #PrayForAmerica #PrayThatTheLeftStopBeingSoHateful
Remember God loves multiple marriages!! Great job Donnie!!
I prayed thank you Mr. President
Lol
Your prayer goes something like this: save my a**, save my a**, God, please save my a** .
You can "proclaim" whatever you want. Quite frankly, nobody cares about your "proclamations."  We pray when & where we want,  & how we want.
I'm praying you don't blow the world up.
Gracias gracias  #Jesus #Faith #Prayer
Pray for the USA-with this president, we need all the help we can get!

You really need it.
yeah, um, right.  Practice what you preach.  You haven't prayed a day in your life...oh, wait, maybe you have...THAT YOU GET RICHER!
I don't pray...
Pray for Texas 
Pray for you Mr President 
God Bless the USA 
#MAGA
We've been praying since the election #Trump. #Resist #Resign #impeach
Prayers for all of God's children. Pray for the sinners, even if you don't like the sin. #GodOnlyNeeded2BCrusifiedOnce
Here's a prayer for @realdonaldtrump that MANY MANY people can get behind!!

#Psalms109_8
What's your favorite Biblical Verse?
Uhm no.
Pray to who?
donald trump. Those who really understand you call you out for the faker you really are. RESIGN!
Sunday is just Sunday you have no right to call it national prayer day. Most Americans are praying that you go away and soon
Lmao ... thanks for the reminder that stupidity doesn't discriminate
Ms.Castillio your sad..! Stop the Hate!
I am going to pray that you are impeached
U r awful
Heart and prayers go out to Texas. Thank you for forgetting Montana Mr. President
You aren't a chosen vessel of The Almighty. You don't tell me when or where to pray. That's between me and my God.
Oh wow. You must LOVE that word, "proclamation".
We Pray you're impeached! And I'm a Catholic and I know I and many others at my church are praying for You're impeachment!
This coming from the #WorstPresidentEver who isn't even a Christian! #FakePresident #LiarInChief #RacistinChief
our church prayed for all!
I prayed that @robertjeffress would talk to God about resurrecting Osama Bin Laden so that you could take him out and undermine Obama again.
No. I don't pray. I'm not Christian & I won't let you tell me what to do.
And a great time to leak the abandoning of DACA and a million faultless young people.
we especially need to pray more so that you don't end up killing us
We are praying for your impeachment and prosecution.
Separation of Church and State, ever heard of it?
And there is much to pray for!
Idiot.
Let's all pray for trump to be imprisoned.
Ik think that war is wat now makes more trouble  for earth than perjaps  human resourches..
God's not real
Now that is what Presidential Proclamations should be used for!  Thank you, President Trump! ♡♡♡
Your Presidential Proclamation isn't worth the toilet paper I wipe my ass with
I Will Do Photo Background Remove Quickly. If anyone wants the background of this photo removed, contact me
#DrWho13
i'm praying you get impeached.
In a country that has freedom of religion.
Mr.President prayer is great for everyday.God will always fight for you when others turn their backs.
I pray for a real president every. single. day.
Covfefe
Fake President....lol
Dude I've been in DEEP prayer for your fallout since January.
Whoop de doo. Did it make you feel better?
What I cleaned from my cat's litter box is more of a Christian than you are.
Please. Spare us your phony piety.
If praying actually did anything you wouldn't be potus. Stop sucking up to evangelical moneybags & start doing your job for the nation.
Pray for me. Gonna need it with all the impeachment talk. Oh, and I don't know how to do it myself. #truethoughtsof45 @realDonaldTrump
Don't need a presidential proclamation to remind me to pray & you're the least qualified to talk about  . Your actions speak for you. 
If god was real he'd hate you
Really, God declared Sunday and everyday National Prayer Day!!
maybe your supporters should stop burning down mosques and black churches so everyone can pray on your made-up day
Separation of church and state I thought? Maybe that was the new Gideon declaration... Oops
Not only you are a racist,but a heartless and coward not facing and giving Daca rescinding news yourself. And you want to church on Sunday?
when people unite in prayer,anything can happen that seems impossible..look at what Jonah did (in Bible) and what the people of Nineveh did!
We will be praying you resign
Presidential proclamation?  What is Obama back?
Thank you for allowing God to still be a part of of this nation while many others would like to shut him out!!
Making a mockery of religion!
u dont like the constitution??
Russia
Would that be National white Christian prayer day?
So says the most hate filled man-boy  saddest excuse for a leader in this country's history.
Hypocrite!!!!!
Like you're even religious 

Over 300 business leaders and tech giants implored Trump to preserve DACA
I don't need your proclamation to pray, thank you very much. It's a daily practice already. You?
Yeah it's
And could you please tell me...who the fuck cares? #tiredofthisclown

You are not the President!!!
Yeah....Let's pray to God this Presidency does not set the country back too far!
Oh Lord ......... Help us, deliver us from evil (TRUMP) AMEN 
??
What a joke....as you threaten our Dreamers.
Rev. 21:8 and all liars shall have their part in the lake which burns with fire and brimstones, which is the second death.
And just who told Trump he needs to tell us when to pray?  I will not stop praying, and I pray my prayers are answered.
What would you know about prayer???  You are hardly the person to push anything that has to do with Christianity!!  You're evil as they get
MY SPIRITUALITY IS NONE OF YOUR GODDAMNED BUSINESS.
I was just wondering if you prayed for forgiveness for all the #Dreamers that you are kicking out of the USA?
And according to the god of the bible.. The prerequisite has been initiated for the land to be healed
Praise god for a leader who has done the first step to being a man as God said to job.. Gird up ya loins come talk to me
A day late, but sure. God? You there? Can you do us a solid, and tell this guy to go fuck himself and his presidential proclamations? Thanks
#DefendDREAMers DONT END DACA
I don't need you to tell me to pray, you give me reasons every every tweet you send, every rally you hold, very document you sign.
You pray! Mueller's coming....
Thank you for bringing God back into our country!
Find some real Christians to pray for you. You need it.
So it's National Do Nothing Day (by Presidential Proclmation)!
But you became president!  #proofthatprayerdoesntwork
don you dont even go to church. Apparently youve come to realize the only ppl who still support you are people who will believe in anything.
i pray you will go back to your tower and leave us all alone
