Fake news, fake, news. Be, original for once Trump.  This is why your approval ratings are so low.
Are you kidding?
Your paltry and petty tweets are simply meant to distract is from your inability to govern. "Fake" applies more to you than anywhere.
Donald Trump is a pathological liar who is unfit to be president of the US. He is a disgrace to the office and should be remembered as such
He is  your president tho


And how about you and your damn twitter account. Disgrace to the country. Soon you'll say that everything but Fox and Breitbart are lies.
How does he have this much time to listen to that many news channels or even be told about it
"Tiny". Like your "hands"
@realDonaldTrump UGLY ORANGE COLOSTOMY BAG @BreitbartNews @VP @IvankaTrump @SHSanders45 #MoroninChief #MuellerisComing
#FakeNews  Give it a rest Donald!  Everyone is sick and tired of you and your bullcrap!
What about Russia? Deflect Donnie Dotard.
Putin Dick sucker!   Traitor
Keep hearing about your “tiny” hands
Disaster relief in OR a failure. Got Kelly selling out his dead son. Worst maggot ever elected to anything.
Just take several sits

These news stations are not fake. YOU are fake in WH.
WHEN THE LEADER WANTS YOU TO BELIEVE THERE IS ONLY 1 NEWS SOURCE YOU CAN TRUST & DONT LISTEN TO THE 25 OTHER HES A DICTATOR
You're mistaken. They're referring to you, Tiny Trump.
Exactly #trump! We know you actually have no money..so where’d it all come from??
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whataboutism …
What's the hold up on Russian sanctions? Putin holding sunbathing over your head? Something yellow perhaps? BTW shut up
Stop tweeting. Be a president
Fox News says "Hi" LOL
I see you're projecting again. I think you're letting us know that the 94 million you paid Parscale will prove your collusion. Thanks! !
Please quit tweeting Mr. President.  It is beneath the office.
The only 'tiny' I ever hear about is your hands
They also lied about 911 https://youtu.be/8W3y3Qh8R1s 
The swamp is bigger than we first thought.
Is there "fake mania disease"?
Tiny hand means....
I keep hearing about your "tiny" hands.
There's a weird actual news story.  90% of drinking water has plastic dust particles in it. Removing the EPA,  Trump results.
Shame on this FAKE NEWS TV STATIONS. ..CNN, NBC, AND CBS...we are always with you and for you President Trump. ..MAGA
No one knows more about Fake news than you
Only a spoiled rich kid whose dad gave him a "small loan" of millions would refer to what they spent as tiny. And yet, you're still guilty
About Faux news - the worst trash media around, and of course your biggest fan.
Trump any news not to your liking is Fake news" You are done
Just stop it with the fake news. This country deserves a president who is honest and has dignity
Have you forgotten how those networks gave you what amounted to free airtime during the campaign?
NBC Nothing But Crap CBS Crap Broadcasting Station ABC Always Broadcasting Crap CNN Crap News Network Washington Compost
Ya but the Russians paid for those
ALL OF AMERICA THINKS YOU ARE 
Because they ARE NOT RUSSIANS! Are you seriously that stupid?
@realDonaldTrump is an enemy of the state. #impeach
Please, for your safety, go get a psych eval and hand over any and all guns you may have access to.
The bigger issue is the large amount of Russian propaganda that was spread all around Facebook
Petty little man!
Oh jeez. Grow up.
so?
I keep hearing about a tiny man tweeting at tiny minds who turn his inane tweets into a megaphone of dipshit gospel for the slight of mind.
All those Fake News channels are part of the reason you got elected!  They gave you free exposure....you didn't have to pay for ads!

there's nothing TINY about Facebook's cash flow from tiny ads!
Like your hands “tiny”?
U don't get it. That tiny amt. of money spent blossomed into millions of ads as Facebook users fell victim to phony news.
Funny, no other president had a fake news problem...maybe it's you!
When your mom and dad got divorced were they still related?
Turn off the tv. Don't you have work to do?
The companies that sponsor ads for these fake media outlets should just drop them. We are praying that they will or lose business.
The trolls don't get it, Mr. http://President.Now  clean house of the Obama holdoversRosenstein,McCabe,Mueller.Sessions get to work or go!
And how was golf this weekend?
Japan has a couple VERY nice courses.

You're fake and an illegitimate president and you know it in your heart. Resign.
You are certifiably insane.... you do know that the majority of the USA doesn't believe you, right??¿???!!!
Hahahahaha I wish they were fake! Especially everything they report about you... fake president
Tiny like your penis tiny perhaps....
Only thing tiny is your vocabulary, leadership, bills passed, integrity, brain, hands and well.... you know what else. ■ #MAGA #ITMFA
Run your political affairs then you keep blaming media. Mr. President.
Can you please tell the American what fake in the news pacifically
You received more free air time than all candidates from both parties combined.
Or is it real news?

@RealDonaldTrump our @Potus #Trump is a Feel Good #MAGA Man Always a Blessing to his fans https://www.pscp.tv/w/bLtz3DFZTEVKTkdsR0p2RU58MW1yR21acFBiWldKefiptHzOC-kFlfxX7Ka3wFxraG9JTfTEexYmnWN5EpN0 …
“You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time.” Abe L.
#DEMS prove that saying wrong DAILY!!
You sound just like the President...what does that even mean?
Hmm. So educated and self enlightened all commonsense is absent. BRILLIANT!!
Meaning the #Dem politicians have got their supporters fooled ALL THE TIME!! duh....
I understood what you were trying to say...I merely commented on your way of saying it, which sounds like the President's babble. For the record, I don't like Trump, the Republicans or the Democrats. They're all a waste of time. And Trump is the biggest waste because he's toxic.
On one hand I agree. Trump for Prez? On the other, he is exactly what the swamp needed. We've been screaming for change for decades and gotten the same ol' song-&-dance from both sides. Career politicians shouldn't exist. WE The People must serve these positions.
What about "education" subsidies given to media through ACA?
me thinks the man doth protest too much...
A little NERVOUS Donald ?

Speaking of "tiny"....
And we keep hearing about your "tiny" hands, and your hugely illegitimate erection, errr, I mean election. Hope you have another Shitty day
Does that include Russia's contribution or Nah?
Like your tiny hands, Donny?
OMG! Stop bitching about an election you won. Every time you say "Fake News" you're lying and we should take a shot #fakenewsdrinkinggame
The only thing Fake is your presidency and your vision of yourself.
Billions of dollars? Do you even understand businesses other than hotels?
Just because u don’t agree with a news article doesn’t mean its “fake”.
Exactly!  If they hadn't covered every lie, every self-aggrandizing marketing moment you'd still be a reality teevee "star". They fucked up!
Oh shut up about the fake news. Enough already. You're boring the world .
Two different subjects one is about Russia and the other is about your fake news two different things
I am so tired of your "fake news" label. You would sound like a dictator if you could actually get anything done.
Just because you don't like something doesn't make it fake. I don't like you but you're real...sigh
He may be real but his poor excuse of a Presidency is a disgrace.
If the major news networks print something unflattering about you it's not called fake, it's called honest
@realDonaldTrump  you are tiny and fake!
Omg just stop.  U sound like a whiny toddler.  Has some respect for yourself and the office you hold.


SQUIRREL!
You’re so ridiculous. How the hell did you get elected?
The paddy wagon is on the way to pick you up
Trump your a nice pretty pile of bullshit
You heard wrong. They said „tiny hands“.
This tweet will be used against you, as corroborating evidence, in federal court.
Why are you all following Oresident Trump if you hate him so much!! Research the truth and stop believing the spoon fed crap of CNN
President TRUMP.... sorry
It's not Fake News.  They are actually reporting what you tweet and say.  Just 'cause you can't remember doesn't make it fake news
what bout all free publicity u got with fake stories about seeing hundreds of muslims cheering after 9/11    and every other lie u told
#TraitorInChief Reagan is spinning in his grave.
What about the billions we are paying for your golf trips &grifter family expenses ? Hmm? You are guilty as sin .Your going to prison soon .

Most of what you say is fact can be proven wrong.  Many politicians skew the facts in their favor, but you downright lie! SAD
First president ever to refer to news he didn’t like as fake. Still trying to figure out why fox has never been called that? Ailes, o’reilly
please resign
Tell me, what else is tiny? #everyoneknows #overcompensating
Trump is brainwashing again. If you tell people a lie over and over and over, some  will start to believe it. Only thing fake is Trump.
@realDonaldTrump, The money spent on Facebook ads is YUGE. Your shlong is TINY.
You, sir, do not stand for the constitution.  Freedom of the press.
Oh little man, you suck at all you do!
Yes Mr. President, you had to pay for your ads, fake news outlets openly promoted the coronation of Hillary.
Where do I look to read the real news ? Donald trumps tweets ?
You mean the fake news you create every day?
...and your tiny hands?
Isn’t the real news dramatic enough without putting in or leaving parts out that makes it phony !
Hiii
I show videos of the news saying bs,most see it some like those negative post here, just troll for likes and followers, truth is irrelevant
sure Rupert Murdoch is jerking you off hourly
I know. You'd think they'd let a "tiny" bit of collusion to win an election go, wouldn't ya!
Donald trump is a good man,he means well for the U.S,and truth be told,CNN is fast turning into a branch of the democratic party.
Shutting up time for you.
What about news, that's not reported on at all?  No one including @FoxNews will talk to @OOIDA re #eldmandate 85%of all truckers affected

ALWAYS PASSING THE BUCK! OUR TWEETER IN CHIEF! SO EMBARRASSING TO HAVE YOU AS OUR "LEADER"... MY KIDS ACT MORE MATURE THAN YOU.
Tiny? Like the small loan of $1m you got from daddy? Do u ever listen to yourself?
And the private dinners with the media
Hahahahahaha Hahahahahaha Hahahahahaha Hahahahahaha Hahahahahaha Hahahahahaha Hahahahahaha lmao  hahahahaha hahahahaha hahahahahahahahahaha
If we could just duck tape your awful mouth. The world would be a much better place 
When U denigrate #FreePress, you're showing total disrespect 2 our Flag, Country, Constitution, Vets fighting 2 protect us & our rights SAD
I personally want to hear more about the treasonous acts of @DonaldJTrumpJr  and Jared Krushner and their ongoing attempts at collusion
How much do you spend on fox fake news? @FoxNews

Literally the worst thing I’ve seen in ages.
Fuck’s with the beard? Seriously, the actual fuck?
difference between Russian bought adds to subvert democracy and American News corporations that disagree with you.    Hmmmm
Ads.
What about proof #CNN, #ABC, #NBC, and #CBS are #fakenews? Or do you only believe in "innocent until proven guilty" when it applies to you? #trump #usa #maga #fakenews #hypocrisy #politics #news
Tiny? You would know
I WAS LOYAL TO YOUR TRUTH NOT YOUR MONEY FOR YOUR A GREAT PRESIDENT
Get over it.... sir!!!! We get it!!!!

There is no fake news Trump....just a fake potus. Yes that’s u. Wow you are one interesting study. 
GC#48: The question you're asking does make any grammatical sense. Also, once again, lowercase "fake news."
So is this an admission of guilt? Asking for a friend.
Fox news is Fake News! It is the only Network that will lie for you... people in this country hate you and your bigoted friends!!!
@Allmercy007 It’s no good bleating about fake news when you conspicuously fail to substantiate your claim & speak the truth
Yes you are right. The people that own the major news are the same people that have hijacked Washington DC
What about a “tiny” effort to do your job rather than tweeting constantly. That’s an order from an American taxpayer, BTW. #FakePresident
See what President Trump has really done so far:

#MAGA #AmericaFirst
Melania Trump does it better than Michelle Obama

We love our @FLOTUS 

#MAGA
WikiLeaks to Release Russian Collusion BOMBSHELL?
Anonymous source: Insight into Assange, Wikileaks, Awans, Clintons
http://www.magapill.com/wikileaks-to-release-russian-collusion-bombshell/ …
Neil Gorsuch is on track to do more for our Country than the entire GOP congress
#MAGA

The noose tightens around the Clintons & Dems so they come up with b-crap about former Trump Campaign folks. What a load of bull! Shameful!
Wow, are you out of touch with reality!
What about your ads paid for by the Russians?

#DonaldTrump , We spoke about this before.  Your told me you would not use the term "fake news' again since the news is real.  see me.
Only fake news comes out of the mouth of @realDonaldTrump   #CNN
says "tiny" hands
Someone got on the crazy train and is missing all the stops!
Nxt time read the fine print on the back when you make a purchase. You will find there are no stops!! See you 2024!!
It’s funny how racist are mad and say Trump lies, but is perfect ok when obama lied.
A true president should not be afraid of the free press, @POTUS. If we try and bully or control or micro manage social media it screams fear
Yes I agree
Fake news is not the same thing as exposing your venomous lies.
Resign.
It is lopsided for sure! Who sponsors these ads s/b boycotted!
@POTUS
Yes, yes. It's all #fakenews except for the one about your #tinyhands. Can't hide that when you have them around for attention. #stupid
I can't believe the crap he types here
“Tiny” meaning not tiny? That’s what you’re implying with the quotes...
That was good.  Must have pissed off Liberals
Honest question: do you actually read the reactions to your tweets?
double standard when you GOLF TWENTY-FOUR HOURS A DAY . GIVE ME A BREAK .  #TrumpIsAMoron #TrumpLies #trumpMustGo
What about the billions of dollars spent on REAL news, Mr airtime freeloader?Are you still talking about the election?? Why? Feeling guilty?
Idiot
Please repeal the Tan Tax!!!!!!  It's an unfair 10% tax!!
