You don't have any problem rebuilding Florida and Texas! Shouldn't be a problem with Puerto Rico and the virgin islands.
It's a hell hole run by Dems, let them fix it
Why not focus on getting water and support to the people right now? And also on the waste of tax money by Price?
See about making in the 51st state...
Rebuilding costs too much. They can all move to Florida and turn it into a blue state.
Destroyed by 2 hurricanes and an inept @POTUS !
Huh

Dotard.
Great, let's start rebuilding our infrastructure by making Puerto Rico a fortress against these storms. Make it a shining city on a hill.
maybe you can sacrifice golf to help cover the costs
Like.......saving a few million?
Many puerto ricans have died for the US flag. Its time to make PR GREAT AGAIN Mr Trump!
Translation: "The people of #PuertoRico are brown, so I won't throw my full support behind rebuilding there."
What does that mean?
Like maybe don't because they're all really Mexican narcos anyway.
Maybe we should have been doing that already instead of flapping your mouth about NFL players which was covered by the 1st amendment........
Another Golfing Weekend I just read. How much of that Taxpayer Money could be used for more important things like Puerto Rico?
Narcissist-In-Chief and
How about this decision - rebuild it whatever it takes, no expense spared. You're the president ffs.
Don't worry #dotard. The REAL presidents have got this. Please resign.
How about repaying the 33m from their taxpayer funds that you stole?
Well, get off your ass and fix it! They are Americans!

What the fuck are you talking about?

Tonight at 11/10c, Good news: Trump knows where Puerto Rico is. Bad news: it’s hard to send aid across a “very big ocean.” 
Cut the 3.8 BILLIONS for #Israel That will help.
Win-Win
Well get on  it then!!!
Why don’t you start by paying the personal money that you owe them you cheat
Now is a chance to do something new with PR.  Make it great but make them pay for what is given to fix what they didn't before the storms.
The decision should be easy. Give them what they need. These people are desperate
Wrong!! while they are a territory, They're not a state. That has a horrible track record of doing what's right with any money.
Hopefully that'll mean no tax cuts for the 1% so we can rebuild Puerto Rico
The fact is you waited a week to do anything. Worse than Katrina.
There has to be some Trump owned company that can profit on this rebuild!?!
Say the say for florida and texas!   Quit building where huricanes hit!
Presidents have allowed these hurricanes to stay for too long, big things must be done to get rid of hurricanes.  Sad!
You've been amazing in this area ( & others ) DON'T listen to the LEFT. They're insane and UNHINGED. Congratulations on 3.1% LETS KEEP #MAGA
GDP is attributed to a former President until end of Q3 because of the budget year? Check your facts & Congratulate @BarackObama instead!
Ok haha those 8 years meant nothing? Took 8yrs huh? Im a small business owner 3x over I'm pretty sure I know what I'm talking about
As a smart biz owner u should know that 2008-09 was an economic disaster 2nd only to Great Depression. See how long comeback took back then
Of course yes I was a headhunter in IT my niche was the IT & Telecom industry specifically CLEC's
Im all about less GOV'T, LESS TAX consumer confidence & business optimism r a huge factor here sorry but under Obama we were far from happy
I see your point but I respectfully disagree as I don't believe trickle down economicS works-stats show it does not. I support tax reform...
...or cuts for small biz and middle class. The top 100 companies don't pay anywhere near their tax rates despite whining about taxes too...
Puerto Ricans are every bit of Americans as you and I, quit victim shaming and spend the money
@dprite1 why don’t you go help them? Atleast he’s doing something
Yes he is testing. Like your are doing, from South Africa. #MSAGA Making South Africa Gassy Again?
You're the biggest hurricane in the history of America
And I guess you are making irreparable damage...
You're more concerned about your image than the people of Puerto Rico
What have you done for Puerto Rico? Donated? Anything?
Yes and I don't think Megan has done as much as him yet is criticising him. You know I was replying to her tweet, right?
None of these ppl had issues w/ the fact that Trump attacked President Obama about everything.
I don't see the link between your view of Trump and his image and the aid and emergency management activities in Puerto Rico.
I voted for him and will do it again
Please bring back frontier justice. Hanging in the city square. Take all the molesters and murders or give them a choice, to give there bodies to science to be utilized for the greater good of humanity as test subjects, rather than poor four legged animals.



Ivanka should be the slave we all know how Trumpa the Hutt feels about her.
Is the Puerto Rican Aid Decision more difficult for you than the Texas Decision, or the Florida Decision? Is it harder than the Health Care Decision? Is it harder to fire someone or to be fired? Just asking.
I don't like you
The orange blob spews again
you're a clown 
what if it was part of Florida.. ???  would you feel the same way.  ???
A person living in an american territory belongs to the United States as an citizen of the country.
Do NOT even think you will use Puerto Rico as an opportunity for yourself and you rich buddies. WRONG, WRONG, WRONG.
You are not a smart man
Dummy
You should probably just stop
So he should stop helping now? Which do you snowflakes want?
The only snowflake I see here is some chump named Donnie


Trump's lack of effort in PR has been a disaster!
Fake news!
It's not fake news Donnie boy.
You can't rebuild until you clean up,take our taxout of corp money maker Iraq and serve American citizens -LOSER #PuertoRicansAreAmericans
Plz do NOT pour a lot of $$ into that DEMOCRAT SOCIALIST AMERICAN HATING floating Ghetto!! Spend $ in #TX #LA  #FL #USADon't listen 2 CNN
Puerto Rico needs better be met theyre americans too

Fact is you didn't waive the Jones act because your friends in the shipping industry didn't want you to.
Praying for the people of #PuertoRico 
You are so obviously a racist to me and I never had an opinion about you all my life until your tweets...you suffer from affluenza.. sad.
#QuitGolfingLoser
A few tweets about PR not going to change the fact

you wasting your time on #TakingAKnee

It's not your job to push Porn-Religion

#HRCWon
What decisions? They are Americans. Give them what they need. Your failure here is unforgivable. Like your other failures.
Why don't you pay back the $33Mill you owe them? That would be helpful.
Why did you not help them DURING THE HURRICANES??
You would do this for Florida or Texas, where other American Citizens live. PR should be no different. See to it.
You are soo big and you can make soo big decisions. I'm again impressed :) Sometimes I even think you are not dotard after all...
Just give them help!!!! Your people are dying and yet you still have to make me a decision! WTF
@HillaryClinton made "big decisions" a week ago.
Higher taxes on the 1% would help.
Who cares about cost you pay it. Or are you just a fake billionaire
Would you say that to Florida or Alabama?
Human lives are at stake. Citizens of the USA . What is the emergency plan  to help. Do something stop talking about it.
Amazing that you are just now getting with it regarding PR.  People are dying because of you and your lack of caring.
Are you trying to lay the groundwork for stealing all their land out from under them for pennies on dollar for new get rich development con?
Yea how about some meds and water and human connection activity first , put down the clubs and take some real action
First of all am870 The Answer has the best hosts!!! President Trump my family in Puerto Rico needs help RIGHT AWAY. They are dying. Please!
Ans stop worrying about The Damn NFL!!!
We rebuild like New Orleans, Texas,

Illegal Aliens Cost the U.S. 135 Billion Dollars Each Year. Here's the breakdown of how that money is spent. http://www.theblaze.com/news/2017/09/27/the-cost-of-illegal-immigration-is-at-a-record-high-here-are-the-numbers-you-need-to-know/ …
Forget about this!! People are suffering and dying! You've done the worst job of any President in helping a catastrophe,@nd our playing golf
Trump wats wrong with u are u going crazy I think ur too old to be leading this country lol
How about you focus on helping people first.
Probably NOT the best time for these words. The people of Puerto Rico need HOPE and a future of normalcy!
#PuertoRico @VP @POTUS
But u live in a rich fucking world which u don’t give a fuck about us that’s why things take longer then expected
Bad government
People. Are. Dying. You know what else people are waiting for? You. To. Resign.
How many X's has Florida/Louisiana/Texas hurricanes?  California fires?  Southern Plains tornadoes? Mid-West flooding?  Yet ? rebuild PR
What the fuck does that mean?
If you abandon Puerto Rico you abandon your humanity..or what's left of it.
Is it #MuellerTime yet?
The fact is there are still people living in Puerto Rico who are in Desperate need of Immediate Help! #SavePuertoRicoNow!
Maybe you can stop some of those trips to YOUR golf courses which are costing America millions of $$ (while lining your pockets). #Disgrace
Twitter, With Accounts Linked to Russia, to Face Congress Over Role in Election
What the fuck are you talking about. Re. Fucking. Build. The. Homes. Of. American.  CItizens.
Fact is you spent the weekend golfing, but for some reason taxpayers are picking up the bill for you to stay at your own fucking hotel.
I hear it's a big decision to keep you as @POTUS 
 Just kidding the decision to impeach you has been made by 70% of Americans 
#PuertoRico
What if this had happened to one of the less populated states? See any worth rebuilding?
What about all the money you waste everyday and steal from Americans?  Stop whining and help these people!  Do your jobs
The fact is that Houston has been destroyed by flooding 3 years in a row. Big decesions will have to be made as to the cost to rebuild it!
Fact - US citizens DYING in Puerto Rico as you golf and attack peaceful protest. Do your d@mn job. Send help NOW!
@IvankaTrump @PressSec Could be paid for with trips inc golf  made by swamp inhabitants and security costs of your family.
It's not going to matter if they all starve.
Send a nanny to the Mayor of San Yuan to open the pallets of food behind her and spoon feed her, she is dying.
Is that how you responded to Texas and Florida. I don't think so
I hope they know how to thank with a change of attitude
Finally, you have fallen into the "useless human being" category
Big decisions as in, I will be getting my golf course after all because I will blackmail them.
pay your taxes
DONATE TO THE ONE AMERICA APPEAL

Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria have brought terrible devastatioPlease give whatever you can. Thank you.
No Shit, Mr. President.  Why did it take so long for you to do anything?  It sounds like you're unwilling to take action and make them.
"If you can't treat people with a different color skin with dignity & respect, GET OUT" of the White House! #USAF #Resist #PuertoRico
"Big decisions" from you sounds like "who we gonna screw, and who gets the contract gravy?" Do right by all the people of Puerto Rico.
Did I mention, it was CLIMATE CHANGE? Civilization didn't used to suffer this much devastation from hurricanes.
Please help those people!
Please help Puerto Rico. They need ability to move supplies within the country. Why haven't you done more to help them? Are you the devil?
I feel sorry for them, but the are not a State of the Union! They spend all the money and expect the US to bail them out. Help but...
Really?
You do realize that if we don't rebuild PR ALL those angry citizens will move to FLA. register & vote you & GOP out, right? #TrumpMustGo
Hey have you found  it on the map yet nasty man
Big decision?  You mean like build your f*cking wall or rebuild Puerto Rico?
U r talking about cost of rebuilding at a time when people r dying? Don't think O talked bout it when help sent to The earthquake victims
We had not asked for a complete evconomic bailout, only to renegotiate our debt & have the means to improve our economy so we can pay it.
That is your obligation to proof ,you are there to work for American nation. Your work by now is still  highly appreciated.
I sense a quick lawsuit from Puerto Rico about you attempting to reinstitute Separate but Equal
There's no big decision. They are a part of the US. Rebuild. No matter the cost.
What are the decisions? Whether you are humane, or not?
You hear that, people of Puerto Rico? Trump won't rebuild your cities. Move to the US. I heard Ohio, Michigan & Pennsylvania are nice.
You are the worst leader of all time! It's funny to watch you hate in others. You make Donald Duck look smart.

People are dying and all you think about is money? These are Americans you promised to protect and you don't seem to care. Pathetic.
Donald Trump , a disgusting crooked man and a RACIST . You are a very very bad man and driving USA down the drain.
Trump Hotels and Casinos Resorts filed for bankruptcy again in 2004, after accruing about $1.8 billion in debt. You were saying.... 
LET ME MAKE THIS EASIER FOR YOU:

(GOOD) --> Send help and money inmediately 

(BAD) --> Delay and let Americans die

BAD = NOT GOOD 
The charters some your cabinet used on taxpayer , use those to send supplies to Puerto Rico. These are American citizens. Help them!
no I guess you will leave them on the streets. what decision
WTF???!!!
COST?  Are you fucking kidding?
.. Maybe you should pay them what you stiffed them.
You could start by repaying the $30M you owe Puerto Rico
That's weird. I don't remember you questioning the cost to rebuild in Texas or Florida.

You should be talking about The People. Huge tax cuts are fine with you but actually saving people must be cost effective? Who ARE you??
Flying over Puerto Rico in a plane isn't my definition of help. How much money have you donated? #putmoneywheremouthis

This just in. Trump states Puerto Rico Big Costs. Decisions. Cheaper to bulldoze Puerto Rico into middle of ocean?
I would suggest evaluating the cash flow that puerto rico brings vs what is subsidized vs US aid!
You seem to struggle with common sense decisions: first it was hard to condemn Nazis and now it's hard to help Americans in need
Florida, Texas, Indiana or any other state?  Why don't you get on a plane and go to PR now and tell me if it is fake.  You are the fake one!
Bigger decisions need to be made about your impeachment
Costs? Go build up the island and call it TRUMP WORLD. U'r three star general said he doesn't have enough assets. Do U understand? UNFIT=4F
We maybe poor now while your rich, but in the end we will be rich and you will be poor soul.
Here's an idea - why don't you get YOUR man Price to contribute what he owes the taxpayers. Resigning isn't enough.
U posted this Fact 18hours ago. Where the hell have u been for the last 9 fucking days?! O, right Alzheimer's.  I forgot 
Help Puerto Rico rebuild instead of spending money on that damn wall!!!!
Your presidency has cost some of these people everything.

What a terrible person they have in the WH.

Pay your taxes. Pay your loans back.

Pay it all directly to Puerto Rico.
Big decisions should be made with regards to your lying racist arse being impeached. That's what
Really?!? You would abandon your own fellow American?
The mayor was standing in front of pallets of water and food when she spoke.
Start by giving up your stupid Wall idea, stop blowing taxpayers' money on your own expenses, and direct money & help to Puerto Rico.
Could you please put a grown-up in charge?
These are American citizens, you offal! How can you #MAGA when you leave our own people to die! You are so less than human.
Trump you ddn't say that about Texas or Florida. Why only now?
Trying to decide between building a wall or rebuilding Puerto Rico?
We all saw your tweets to the mayor of San Juan.  You deleted them so even you know they were your most despicable yet.  Shame on you!
