#WorstPresidentEver
DADDY
Mr. Prezzie, you should stop holding your hands in that V shape. In ASL, it means "vagina" or worse.
Generally I have respect for anyone who knows ASL but your comment makes you the exception.
Perhaps you should learn ASL #asl
I'm not the one who used it, it was your president.
POTUS, you've given America a reason to hold her head high. Ignore libbies-MSM hasn't given them their opinion yet. HAIL TO THE CHIEF!
Trump: "We'll be talking about...umm...many things." Translation: I have no frigging idea what we'll be talking about. #Unfit #ImpeachTrump
No more lies! You are not fit to be the president of the U.S. You have the whole world laughing. Get out if my country!
Shell agrees $84m deal over Niger @shell oil spill http://www.bbc.com/news/world-30699787 …  In comes trump for the cash,why pay them,pay me.Kill them,fuc'em
His hands are much bigger than yours. And he laughs loud and often. AT you.
Niger needs a wall to keep you too out
Niger protesters said they were not benefiting from the region’s oil wealth & wanted an end to the oil pollution that has ruined the land.
I suspect that @EmmanuelMacron thinks @realDonaldTrump is the mess he happened to stepped in on the payment outside the UN

Drink oil
"Great" "Beautiful" "Tremendous" buy a friggin dictionary you buffoon. Embarrassing! Sad.
France, US, support the right of self-determination for the people of the #Kurdistan Region. 
@POTUS
This is how the rest of the world sees you Donnie
Troompa Loompa Dotard Covfefe

We all know you had to look up "bilateral". Before this you thought it was when you paid 2 Russians to pee on you.
President Macron must be horribly embarrassed to have to pretend he's speaking to an intelligent person
Talking to Trump - right?
What a great bilateral meet with Emmanuel Lewis. Hugs and kisses, Dotard Trump
I'm sure the pleasure was all yours.
Ur holding everyone
Put all you money on that one sire
Dotard Trump has no business sitting with President Macron. #WeakPresident
However Mr. President, please never give in (even an inch) to the climate change hoax.
why not start with the restoration of democracy in the USA first. Make America democratic again
Because it's a Republic!!!!!!

SouthAustralia,the LNP won 3 popular vote in SA but Labor has been in for 4 terms

Last SA election LNP 54%
so a republic is not a democracy? I wonder if our republicans realise that - I doubt it #auspol
Have you spoken with Liberia president??
President Trump, the meeting with the French President sounds like it went well. Am happy for you and us, as Americans. Thank you. SH
Lèches lui le cul !
I'm positive the pleasure was all yours
Building friendship is important ! Planning the future is big!
Clickable HTML Email Signature. If you want this signature, Please feel free Contact me-
http://bit.ly/2tFaR9j 
He makes no bones about how stupid he thinks you are. And he's right!
Hey dud you should tell peple about my youtebe chanl z zombeez or first time
Be careful of the EU puppet
@Sanbug111 @EmmanuelMacron looks like ole macaroni might be sweating bullets. They getting scared Trump gonna getM
We need to help these older women who when we were teens loved &helped us to grow up & to become men. Enough hypocrisy,let's change the law

President Trump blocked a woman with stage 4 cancer on Twitter. 

Here’s her response: 
Arresting a 25 yrs girl subteacher because she slept with 15year old boy?these boys are definitely thankful not traumatized
Let be great power but not big satan power, come with Love & Peace, Accept other's defence like N. Korea & create peace as common voyage.
Mr fascist meet mr neo-nazi....
Bilateral ? Don't think so.
Trump is an embarrassment to this country  !!
YOU are an embarrassment to this country  !!
You are an embarrassment to this country  !!
J aurai aimé voir la poignée de main
Soon enough they'll need the US to rescue them again!
He’s not into you — you know that, right?
after his UN speech is he really a friend to the USA? Sounds more antiTrump to me therefore antiUSA!
TRUMP Y MACRON .... Buscando soluciones a los problemas comunes... PDD
Macron will be sent all info regarding this case stuid ass
You know he hates you right?
How do you say so many words and yet say nothing of value?
Mr President  you have the Biggest HEART I have ever seen !!
He is a LIBERAL COMMUNIST !!!
He doesn't like you.  No one really likes you.  They are just in it for what you can do for them.  Then they'll leave you.  They will.
We’re just relieved you got the name of his country right.
Na ONU,crie um fundo para imigração mundial, onde todos paises contribuem,os mais ricos com mais e menos ricos com menos.
No hc repeal w/o cbo score
He's a cutie, hold hands again!
You know he mocks you back home.
how much longer before we learn about your corruption with russia
Careful little Donnie he is smarter than you
One man here is a great leader of his nation,the leader of the free world.His nation loves him. The other is Donald Trump
We will be discussinggggg? I saw Macron owned you on that handshake...nice transition to cover it up. #babyhands
Yes, he looks thrilled!
The President of France who can speak in coherent sentences.
Yeah, just like the VIET NAM DEAL. The USA backed the French in S.Viet Nam. Our Generals LIED about the whole "Communist" thing, & WE HELPED
The honor was all yours......
Have you met with President Ellen from Liberia
The honor was for @realDonaldTrump. For @EmmanuelMacron not so much. More like embarrassment.
You do know he is gay right??? You actually complimented a gay man. Now tell him the plans you have for the gay community in America!!!
He looks thrilled.
He thinks ur crazy
An honor?  He thinks you're a giant douche.
#TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist
Too bad he hates you too. Smart man. Better looking, better wife.  Pass the candy fatboy.
The French people think you are a crass incompetent individual. Sad
Doesnt macron know that real men sit up in their chairs. He looked like a 5 year old
Result????

http://www.learnprogress.org/trump-jr-hide-crimes/?utm_medium=manual&utm_source=Boomtrain&bt_alias=eyJ1c2VySWQiOiAiNDFmNDFmNmItOTYxOC00NTA4LTg4OTEtNjBmNWVjNjU4MjViIn0%3D&utm_campaign=20170502 …
No it wasnt
You're learning a lot of new words aren't ya 
Macron surprisingly turns out great for France.
Think you should read this.
Good move
please remember Biafrans for our freedom Buhari is killing Biafrans please sir Biafrans love you
He clearly thinks you are a buffoon and con-man
Bilateral meeting- what does that even mean?

35%
Was it a Fourth of July party planning meeting?
Marcon is a follower. He doent know how to make France great again. Maybe you could give him some pointers! MAGA
#LockThemUp
#LockThemUp https://twitter.com/ChristieC733/status/909909679568015360 …
 my president @EmmanuelMacron
TRUMP 
But your not respected in your country Trump.
Its a shame @EmmanuelMacron couldnt say it was the sane hobour for him
Were you smart enough to not try your bullshit jerking handshake, b/c you knew you would lose? Again? @potus #impeachTrumpNow
Don't mess with President Macron, Donnie. He will decimate you! #WeakPresident @POTUS
do not trust them, they invented diplomacy
Why didn't you show the handshake in its entirety? He beat you on that one, that's why!!!
Macron is owned by the Rothschilds. He doesn't deserve one second of your time.
Know what's funny, Donnie? The French word for shower is "douche". Gold is "or". 
golden shower = douche d'or
And you, the douche du jour!
Great job sir also great speech, you express the true meaning of America and its strength
Except he definitely hates you, just like every other world leader
You forgot Putin. They are old buddies.
Trump is putin's lil bitch
No he's much larger than Putin. 
Macron has a man-crush on our President. He's giddy as a school girl.
@MrMacpherson
Really I didn't comparable who has more  a stronger youth spirits of performing ; Donald J Trump or Emmanuel Macron.(Personal views).
Traitor
Why don't we have the prisons Structures of UN organisation for war &civil crimes between countries & ethnicities in diff:countries of world
Political solution option of Emmanuel Macron is a great solution.
It would be so great to have a parade that honors our service people. Too much praising of Hollywood! God Bless America's Military! #MAGA
DontheCon, Why do you sit next to him? Makes you look more oafish & disoriented than ever. #juststfuandgohome
Why are you talking to this little shit. He is about to destroy France with his labour laws and Islamic appeasement
He's so much smarter than u
Macron doesn't look to happy with this meeting.
Macron is a good actor tho 
Do u even know what bilateral means??  I know someone told u to write that one!
He is a leech and complete incompetent! The French people deserve what they got! U can't walk anymore in Paris and many other cities! 
Sorry, Donnie. Macron's world-class leadership isn't contagious. You won't catch it by sitting nearby.
Love President Macron 
Viva la France
Amazing!
How unfortunate for Macron!
Macron wishes he was elsewhere. Just being polite, of which you have no concept. "Could this be over, please," wishes Macron.
We love you Mr President!  I pray that God continue to guide and protect you, in Jesus's name, Amen.
Did u talk bout how your brand of greed killed the Concorde? 
how @POTUS44 had God and Science and you have NEITHER?
@ Emmanuel Macron is an imbecile.
Sorry Macron had to put up with this orange baffoon. 
Pay the  no mind. 
He is not a friend.
France is lucky to have such an intelligent well spoken and HANDSOME leader. Love his full head of hair.
Are u going to send help to Mexico ? I Think the US should help Mexico in  tragic situation
Don't think he felt the same way
Why was the handshake censored? #ParentalAdvisory
Has his wife peed on you yet?
I. I'm sure he didn't feel as "honored".
Yes, and Emmanuel Macron is thinking,  "G-d, what a dumb ass Trump is".  Or, "maybe I can fake getting sick to shorten this meeting"
Wait...... #Trump has finally figured out what "bilateral" means.


President Macron thinks you're a SCHMUCK BOY also- he just can't tell you that because he has a greater sense of decorum than I do.
At least you spoke with a person that understands the importance of the #IranDeal !!
V'JJ hands. Again!
