Hollow words if we don't work together
I agree. How to do that...?
Don't only MAGA. Make the western world great again. Hand in hand. Together. That's what we need. I guess 
P.S. I just (finally!!) realized how to Un-click certain accounts when replying via @ mentions. #TheLastToKnow :)
Ohw Hahaha. I guess you just hit the backspace button
Well... it was a little more involved than that. I'll do a screenshot to illustrate
Okay
"Okay"<~ my pet peeve response from anyone about anything ;)
Too late, you've already broken the West. You'll make a tidy profit from the remains, I'm sure. #FridayFeeling #DAResists#TheResistance
You are so wrong

By West I assume you mean America, because Western Europe is already deep in the toilet.
Amen 

I'm a POTUS deplorable, but why did you do this?please explain
Please tell me so I continue to tell people why you're so greatBecause I do!!!!!
STAY THE COURSE. The bums are weakening.
What?
I think this is President Trump's most famous speech, so far, in 2017. It's one for the history books! Inauguration Day was GREAT too! 
THE WEST WILL NEVER BE BROKEN. Our values will PREVAIL. Our people will THRIVE and our civilization will TRIUMPH! https:...
@odom_1 
We love President Donald Trump .
Yes we do!
Missed all away for Bilateral Hip replacement.
Once your health insurance runs out you can hire a Trainer & Join a gym & write it all off your income tax.  Make sure your Trainer is
I had no option ,but to pay €22,000 Susan.
Glad to know all went well with you and your mum.
自负
Yes!
:::
Just noticed TRUMP is in Triumph. YAY.
Not if Democrats get elected
Can’t spell triumph without TRUMP
#MAGAForAll
Muslims seem to hold a lot of influence in USA. So just keep taking the tablets!
Have you ever met a Muslim? How about an American Muslim? Well, Nice to meet you! I'm still waiting on that influence you're talking about!
Thanks for your strength & leadership.  With you 100%
Liberal losers are fascist, racist crybabies complaining about fascism & racism, while knowing LITERALLY NOTHING about our constitution!!
You're nuts!
damn. i hate t say who that sounds like.............................
You're confusing 'hate' with 'Am compelled to' because...TWITTER FOLLOWERS!
only if u aren't president!
Were you thinking about the West when you, Flynn, Pence, Kushner and probably the Pig Bannon were colluding with Russia? #lockhimup
Amen!
Values you have are not shared with honest law abiding citizens.
great speech, doing great, keep going and dont let the bastards drag you down,
IMO the speech touched on, identified & highlighted the key issues/challenges which is defining our time & Trump's presidency
I imagine it like this

Yes we will. In spite not having a President.
Amen!!
You sound like a dictator... oh, wait, that's right, you are.
Not sure you're in tune with the rest of the world Donnie!
You will break our country!!!  
Someone tie this child's tiny hands please!! They are annoying as his butthole looking mouth!
It was a tremendous speech! Wonderful insight into history 
You sure have alot of confidence, thats what the Greeks, the Romans, the Persians...& Biggest of them all pharaoh
Whatever....
The "WEST" is not a location & the term "OUR CIVILIZATION" isn't a thing! You may as well replace WEST & OUR CIVILIZATION w/ WHITE. #bigot
This upset you as much as it did me, Carrie. T representing America as a fascist regime. At least we know Europe is smarter than he thinks
I agree! Europe is definitely smarter than T thinks. He is truly a madman!
I think he is clinically mentally ill. This makes him very dangerous.
Very reminiscent of Hitler's speeches.
You mean will trump
Wonderfully said!  Thank you for all you do for freedom.
MAGNIFICENT !
Obama tried like hell to destroy America 
Donald Trump is a TRUE PATRIOT! He is RISING I  POPULARITY ON BOTH SIDES OF THE ISLE AND OVERSEAS!! HE IS UNSTOPPABLE!!
Only gets better
This is a message to the world, the lines are being drawn. God can't help any of us now..
Millions of people are with you and think you are doing a great job!!
You sound like Hitler when he is talking about Germany
Wonderful
I strongly support the current political changes introduced by PiS led by Jarosław Kaczyński!
You are destroying the value of Love.
Heel spurs, coward
@POTUS The fact that the libs are pissing their panties means you're doing a good job. Good luck.
You're koo koo and repulsive. I know you think you're all that but people hate you. .  I mean really hate you.
I hope for us all that you are right, sir!
our values Yes..yours and those from GOP?? You dont have any .pussygrabber,liar,cheater and racist cant have any values
Amen ta that!
And AMEN!!
If only you meant what you said!
But you lie and play games like a child. I Pray to God that you are
Not re-elected
God help us all!

.
With u as r leader it is possible Trump Trumps all! The only ing. needed 2 b great at anything is caring thats what makes u great u care!!!
Under your leadership we are taking our country, reputation and borders back.  
Good job Poland!
Just counting the days until removal from office for dementia
Here here!
THERE GOES THE BEST PRESIDENT THAT EVER WAS AGAIN! ALWAYS WINNING. I LOVE MY PRESIDENT
Again big words for daddy but no results!
How about living in peace with all nations - why is everything a conflict? If there is a Deep State - I hope it protects us from you - Dufus

No it's broken badly you handed are country to Russia on a silver platter
Critics of this speech seem to be largely anti-white and anti-American like their hero Obama. No appreciation for history.
It's the "antifa" and their supporters who are the real fascists. Trump is a true American. Against globalism.
Your words are treasonous! You attack free press, lie, and blamebPresident Obama for your ignorance and collusion with Russia! Disgusting!
Uh...  "Patriarchs"?  I think you need to review that quote before you try to use it again.
we will never thrive if you continue to divide us and never extend your hand across the isle to the Democrats
You lie
President Donald Trump Is the President of United States of America 
look at ALL them paid people there for you
I Loved this speech 
finally a leader has spoken. well said!
Hey Donnie-doo. Looks like you given up "quotes" for CAPS.

What's your next strategy?

Oh flip.... emojis!
The "wests" values are universal healthcare and debt free education". You literally have no idea what other countries are like, do you?
We are proud of you!  Keep up the excellent work!
Amen!
Why on earth would you alienate the "East"...you should be a unifier, not a divider.
#FakePresident
Surely isn't like the weak, apologetic Obama!
With your leadership, you are not contaminated, the Swamp Real here Kentucky. Harlan County hole in wall for Corruption by Democrat leaders
My values ...
Not because of you.
An Alt right speech!  Right out of the Nazi handbook!  traitor!
yes that's right! In site of you with your lying mouth and your dishonest family.
drop MOAN on NK, the fat man is asking for it!!
This a clarion message to Western society that we need to believe in ourselves and protect our values and way of life. Thank God for DT
What would you suggest Jules, another line in the sand.. "Wrong Answer Roy" 
Hear Hear!!! GREAT SPEECH by OUR @POTUS  SO VERY PROUD OF YOU and AMERICA. THANK YOU and STAY SAFE we need you more than ever
America will PREVAIL AGAIN  when you are out, then America will be great again, can hardly wait.
https://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/7/5/1678121/-Wandering-Trump-video-spurs-renewed-interest-in-25th-Amendment …

#25thAmendmentNow
Patriarchs,  shouldn't that be Patriots?   Losers
Right after you resign and go back to Trump Tower in NYC.
Please resign and move to Poland ASAP.
Not while your in office
MORE PEOPLE HA VE LOST JOB JOBS I SAY 15 MILLION IN PRODUCE IS ROTTING IN THE FIELD S IN ON STATE SURE BITCH
What are the West's values? Do you know? What's the West? Met with Putin yet? Is he the West too?
Great
Um, what exactly does this mean? #buzzwordpresident.
A Trump supporter!? How disappointing.
MR PRESIDENT LEASE DON'T STAY A DEMAGOGUE. WE NEED AN EMPEROR; OUR ENEMY IS A ROARING LION, AT EVERY CORNER HE LURKS.
When you #FakePOTUS resign

TRUMP
Not with you as President
#USPeopleREPENT & #ObeyGodsBIBLECommandmentWords&HolyWill, Or #USA Won't Thrive & WILL DIE FROM Sins Against #God&Humanity & Corruption&Wars

well, #congratulations 4 #earning the distinction of being the MOST #fascist #intolerant #terrifying + #Evil @POTUS of the #past 100 #years
Your entire family is on the world stage and we're all embarrassed.  These people were all bused in.  Paid to cheer.  get a grip..
Dziękuję Panie Prezydencie! Niech Bóg błogosławi!!!!!!!!!
Hopefully we can do something about these extremely liberal judges
Yes, fuhrer. Whatever you say, fuhrer.
Hurry up and resign so that can happen!
Loved your Warsaw speech at 5a.m. here! U stood Tall among Leaders on the World Stage!America "s Presence finally felt!
“@realDonaldTrump: THE WEST WILL NEVER BE BROKEN. Our values will PREVAIL...."Your values? Hopefully not
TRiUMPh ;) All the best. - Johnty
My values are way different than yours.
You better bet Sir! We have the will, no doubt!
Not under your questionable leadership
"THE WEST WILL NEVER BE BROKEN. Our values will PREVAIL. Our people will THRIVE and our civilization will TRIUMPH!"
Spell check: s/b TRiUMPh. #MAGA
You have betrayed our values.
Wooohooo!! Well said!! Proud you are my President!!!!!! 
You have so far infuriated the west.. America will stand alone if you continue the path you are on.. But you have Russia, so who cares??
Thank you President Trump!!!!
It seems like you're just realizing this for the first time? #youareatotalfuckingembarrassment
could you look realistically at your effects,behaviours and actions taken before you end up condemning us all then!
Bots against Trump haha DJT is the WORLD LEADER
So many paid supporters.
Hey Miller, your speech writer is sounding more and more like Hitler. You are a sick sociopath and should be committed.
Such an important issue. Almost no covered by dino media https://twitter.com/ProjectFactsL/status/883724161851564034 …  @V_of_Europe @Nigel_Farage
I Feel so...safe knowing you are our President!
...not with you, sir, as our president.
East needs to meet West to have real peace. Stop the bias. You don't know if people are good unless you sit down and talk to them.
I wish I were American
Gathering of Ku Klux Klan in Poland, guest of honor, @POTUS  (sounds like a disease)
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentRightNow 
#Amendment25 
#Amendment25now
#Amendment25rightnow
What values are u speaking of?
Our values are freedom of the press, freedom of religion, helping for those in need. It would be nice if we had a @potus who valued these.
American values will prevail eventually.  You have NO morals.  Do you even listen to yourself?  SAD.
Thank you POTUS for standing strong!  We pray daily for God's wisdom on you, His strength and safety.
Wow. Well done
not in this video but earlier in the speech I believe he used the term
You talk like Hitler, same body language
@POTUS delivered a very powerful speech in Warsaw.Thank you for representing America and speaking from your heart. God bless & its people
Start a massive deportation mission bush should have been tried for treason who invites the enemy to live and prosper
To advise the enemy to come live in their home and prosper while their children suffer and starve Remember the Alamo
And our borders closedhospitals over run w/ illegals Helpnurses we need being replacednew not experiencedthey must go home we need Qfyd
DAMN RIGHT MR. PRESIDENT. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
Love you @realDonaldTrump
Thank God!
God bless Amer3
BRAWO ... DONALD TRAMP ...DZIĘKUJEMY  ...
Not while you are sitting there giving more breaks to the rich at the expence of the poor. Business as usual the rich getting richer.
Hey soon as you have concealed carry for all states, reciprocal ,travel will resume greatly.
FINALLY!!!!!
A MAN WHO ISN'T SCARED TO PUT AMERICA 1ST.
#MAGA 
#G20Summit
Yes Yes we stand with our first true Great Leader President Trump!!!!
I know it hurts, (LOL), But think!!! If He WAS Hitler, Y'all would be dead now! Talk about some "Snowflake" thinking'!
Dont wary
Good job with the not so veiled white, Eurocentric buzzwords.  Heil...I mean hail Trump!
Yes, thank you for all your hard work to keep us thriving !
you good man
What values have you left us with? You have no values and continually embarrass our precious country.
I see this as one of the president's best speeches...to validate Poland's nationality seems in no way a "hitler" threat to me.
The west is being broken bit by bit every day by Putin and you're too stupid to see it. He's playing you for the fool you are.
All of us proud europeans support Trump and hate the guts of US liberals. Death to all anti-whites!
Yes, maintain the value of grabbing women by their pussy!
This is True if we return to Judeo-Christian Values in all sectors of our country. Ancient Israel had more bling and was Crushed w/o God
