
Great job @POTUS...
Russia and Bashar Al-Assad did all of the work but seems like USA is trying to take all credits. I wonder how blind are all Americans.
President Trump is doing God’s work! We are eternally grateful
Indeed
You had NOTHING to do w/ISISUS defeat. Not fooling anyone. Hope every last Blackwater assoc. is buried alive w/all the arms dealer generals.
Yeah now you have to arrest ISIL founder Obama


Thanks President Obama
ISIS is losing its grip...yeah right! Tell that to families of the men that were killed in Niger!
That is my 45 President, tough and strong. Love it!
They plan to be part of the attempt to start a civil war Nov 4, 2017 in America! If we can’t stop them here then ISIS’ grip is stronger!

100%
The people hate you Trump.
The Iranian-backed militias will move to destroy your military forces in the next phase, after controlling the Peshmerga and your ally KRG.

#Yes! Stop them.   Those ungodly devil worshipers must be stopped.
Keep up the good work, the monkeys just ran amonk on the streets.
Thank you President Trump?
Yeah uh, I think the only people who r listening are idiots.
Thankyou Mr President and all who serve USA USA 
ترامپ خیلی خری
True Americans are behind you 100% Mr President.
You're losing YOUR grip.  Come on ... the Hillary selling uranium thing needs to die away, like the Obama being born in Africa lie.
All the flag waving & worry about disrespecting veterans needs 2 stop.  You disrespected a true hero in #JohnMcCain; some of us don't forget
Hey, btw, if you NEVER told #SgtLaDavidJohnson's widow that 'he knew what he was signing up for", then why was Kelly defending it today? 
Your credibility dried up long ago for MOST Americans. Getting your own website to spread wacky conspiracy theories doesn't help. #Trump
U think this #Alabama senate candidate is a really great guy. Would it have anything 2 do w/ the fact he doesn't think Obama was born here?
In order to #MAGA again, the people of #Alabama need to #GOTV & VOTE #DougJonesforSenate on Dec. 12. #Doug4US  #ALSen
Yes! Team #DigDoug2017 in Alabama is working hard to #GOTV 
#NoMooreEmbarrassment
#No MooreHatred
#Doug4US

Wish we could do the election all over it again!
Translation : ISIS is exposed as US & Israel operatives/proxy are NO LONGER relevant to our agenda to manufacture an excuse for war.
You're not helping.
2/2 #Kurds have been betrayed so many times. I thought u were different. I told my #Kurdish friends u would have their bks. What happened? 
All Trump has proved is that America can't be trusted. He attacked allies, went back on decades old trade deals and tore up bilateral deals.
From a person with no country & 8 followers. Do ur research
What happened in Africa? ISIS seems to be doing just fine enough to kill 4 of our solders. Keep up the "great" job 45.
Today they are passive tomorrow will be active again. hunt the head
Thanks to you.
Knob
I don’t believe a word u say. Faker.
Military is doing an outstanding job! Regardless of what these lunatic liberals are saying on this tweet!

Sir,ISIS is waging an ideological war&losses on the battlefield won’t determine the outcome. As for your 100% support,rhetoric doesn’t count
Aren’t they following a plan laid out by your predecessor?
With you  % President Trump. Thanks for standing up for America and Americans 
Stop
You definitely were not “with them” when you dodged the draft Donald...
Make one wrong move and he won't have ever heard of you!!!
Trump lost his grip from reality TV. Also from tiny hands
Once #ISIS loses in #Syria & #Iraq & Asad is replaced, all those "refugees" in Europe and America will be able to go home.
Do you think that'll ever happen?
If your with them 100%, go there and take a bullet for the troops
Not in Niger apoarently

@POTUS  Nuke just 1 Radicalized City & blow their mud huts off the globe. See just how fast terrorism dies !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Love
Thank you Mr. President, your doing great

Do not take credit for Raqqa it has been in the works for 2 years. And besides all the credit goes to our military not you.
The Iraqi people who fought hard to kik out the terrorist groups from their country.
THANKS OBAMA!!
Due to your greedy policies, ISIS is reaching Afghanistan and Kashmir. You could help settle the kashmir issue giving freedom to kashmir.
Way to go! 
Thank you Mr. President for allowing our Military to do their job!
save kurdistan
Hello, you've reached 1-800-NARCISSIST, how can you help me
Thanks for being a great leader Mr. President please keep Twitting we love it!!!
Are you taking full credit for this as well?
@TheLastLeg 

like the fake president
MAGA
Thank you!! Let's keep winning!! #MAGA 
What winning would that be?
What a pathetic statement by someone who obviously has their head in ever increasingly hot sand.
Too bad trump lost his grip on reality long before becoming president.
ISIS has not lost its grip in the USA,
where its members are spread across our nation. @realDonaldTrump
Thanks Russians
Sure
You’ve lost your grip...if you ever had one.

 #TrumpIsAMoron #TrumpIsALiar
Has it been 30 days already??
and we are with you #POTUS
They must have tiny hands like you.
You do realize that this is being accomplished with transgendered people IN the military right?
.@realDonaldTrump added #Chad to Travel Ban, THEY PULLED SUPPORT TROOPS OUT ONE WEEK BEFORE ATTACK IN #NIGER! https://youtu.be/ohkv8P1zjdw 
Health care is done! HUMPTY TRUMPTY HAS taken away health care and Medicaid from the poor and rewarded the politicians and the 1% SOME BALLS
Comrade Trump has lost his GRIP on reality!
Isis ain't the only thing losing its grip... #justsayin
Gurrrrl.... You lost your grip months ago. #FuckingMoron
So your great secret PLAN was just to continue on with Obama’s plan, interesting.
You don’t know a damn thing you were talking about liar
So the Republicans finally decided to stop paying ISIS, I see how it works!
Worst Commander In Chief In History Of Presidency,  The Moron President
What a difference now that obama is gone and can't protect the terrorists
Putin shredded the Russians in his mouth and said that it was jam, so they argue among themselves, cherry or raspberry.
YES!!



Lol. You’re a joke. You’re making it up as you go. Your key words “GREAT”, “AMAZING”...clearly indicate a lie.
Thanks Obama!!
If hilary was potus , isis would be assulting NYC by now
Anyone who believes #ISISBollocks is losing their grip
Keep up the GREAT work. I am with you 100%!

"ISIS is losing its grip..."
Army Colonel Ryan Dillon…
ISIS killed those 4 veterans in Chad after you put Chad in your anti Muslim travel ban and then hired a contractor to rescue them.  They left behind Johnson who was subsequently killed.  The buck stops at your desk,  3 naff decisions,  4 troops killed.  450 died in Puerto Rico.
not naff, bad decisions
All smoke and mirrors. Obama Clinton Cartel all walking free despite massive evidence. Crooked FBI DOJ. Sad Americas Lost.
You are??  So your bone spurs healed?  Oh you meant "with you" like you were with LGBT? What will you strip our service members of?
What about Puerto Rico.

Bush, McCain, Hilary, your sick Sec of State and your defense minster all work against you. They created #ISIS,
That's about as convincing as Obama being a secret Muslim. Photoshops and blurry photos aren't proof.
Speaking of ISIS, when are you going to tell us exactly what happened in Niger?
You have blood on your hands.  5 of our best in the military have been killed on your watch - apparently as a result of orders you gave.
You're closing our borders on Chad cost Four American soldiers their lives! Shameful!
Except of course if you get captured or die. Remember those kind of losers are an inconvenience to you.
Hmmmmm I seem to recall a certain orange bloated old fool promising to wipe out ISIS in 30 days.... #AnotherDayAnotherTrumpLie #EffingMoron
You are doing everything you promised and the globalists hate you for it but we the people love you.  We the ppl appreciate you Donald!
You gonna tweet about Niger?

Speaking of losing grip, you know you did a long time ago. You have dementia and if you had decent children, they would interfere
Trump Announces ‘Critical Breakthrough’ in Fight Against ISIS
MISTER TRUMP 
IN THE FUTURE 
GREAT LEADERS MUST LEARN
TO SPEAK 
WITH ALL ENEMIES 
WHEN WE WANT DESTROY 
THIS WORLD 
+ THE FUTURE OF HUMANITY
CORR... :

WHEN WE WANT 
NOT ... DESTROY 
THIS WORLD
AND 
THE HUMANITY

MISTER PRESIDENT 

ENEMIES CAN BRING
MORER PEACE AS FRIENDS SIR !!!
Mr. President, Beside these huge show offing could you dare to introduce your allies who create ISIS in the first place?
Your handling of Our Green Beret operation is making Benghazi look like afternoon tea social gathering.
Unless they die or get captured. Then your the attitude changes.
well ppl don't notice this bout y=u do they lol idek what a democrat or rebuplican is  k lmaoSAVAGAEl olllloolzzkcjlk lk
It's what is called "letting the military do its thing"!!!
Has become the house of lies
Look how you have agedvin just one year
So, you're WITH the military, you're WITH Puerto Rico. Instead of being WITH everyone, why don't you try LEADING and actually DO SOMETHING?
Trump is loosing s grip attacking anyone associated with a pregnant grieving widow #GoldStarWife can he find a new low @MeetThePress
@flotus @DonaldJTrumpJr 
ISIS may be loosing it's grip but it looks like Milania's is still good.
http://min-urls.ml/UvQbPsu 
God Bless You, President Trump! Thank you, for all your hard work, time, energy and effort! I firmly believe, God has your back! MAGA
Please get the help you so desperately need.
Uhm, this decline started with Obama! Taking credit again, amirite ORANGE ASS HAIR!
Judging from your recent behavior, ISIS ain't the only one ...

Sad

#TheResistance
Support #Kurdistan.
You should be so proud! Not many people know how to castrate a Four-Star General but you did! Well done!
Way to see it through, as your teeing off on the fourteenth hole. It's a good thing you came along
Beating ISIS?Explain what happened to our four brave soldiers in Niger? They knew what they were getting in to? Ambushed and killed by ISIS?
lies are the norm at the wh shame
false, four men pay with their lives. you'r lieying don the sh***t trump
That's quite a quote. How about we stop people murdering each other on our own soil?
Pssst, Donny Johnny, no one believes anything you say, because you don’t !
You have lost your grip a very long time ago.
The term "veteran" is generic and not worth a pot of warm spit
All is fair in love and war. Collateral damage is part of the game.Suck it up losers.
Your own #Vietnam
I am glad President Trump is in charge finally we have somebody that has a backbone and not afraid to stand up and fight
...and the Talibans are rising again.
Yes

"ISIS is losing its grip...". 
You are losing your grip 
Fox fake news
Thanks President Trump, we need #Peace instead of #Terror. Sincerely.
Thanks Obama! #LiarInChief #DonTheCon #Resist
SCHMUCK BOY-here's more news!
"I'll get rid of ISIS in 30 days".  still waiting. #fuckingmoron #MoronsAreGoverningAmerica
You're losing your grip
How can you fight isis.? Isis is against syria and you want to oust assad. You are helping assad by fighting isis. There is no logic.
Moron
Are you congratulating yourself?!  wow.

Mi
Who's your Daddy America?
DJT.. I LOVE MY PRESIDENT!
Let’s talk about the Trump family’s military service to America.  That about covers it you draft dodging coward.
Great Job Sir. Pakistan is hiding Baghdadi like what they did earlier with  Osama Bin Laden .Declare them terror state.
Nothing you have done to help. #thisguyisamoron
Did you apologize to the Johnson family for your ineffective way of showing your respect?
Thank you! For letting them do their job!!!
Fake
RUSSIA and IRAN did it, you didnt do anything, Nothing, but also you supported ISIS,
Amen and Amen!!
Terrorists need to be stopped with force. Handing them rose bouquets will not work. Wrong audience for that kind of "soft" approach to peace
Which is s shame since he fucked up America's relationship with Chad one of the most effective anti-terrorist militaries in Africa.
Tell us why Chad stopped helping fighting Biko Haram in Niger.  Was it because u added them to your Muslim ban?  Is that why soldiers died?
And you would be correct !  Love Ms Maddow!!! That ban only makes other countries hate us and inflamed more anger towards us! Unfit Impeach
