Build That Wall and our schools will soar Build That Wall and healthcare could work Build That Wall and drugs will slow to a crawl and crime

Catch up! O bummer is out of office #Trump2020
I hate that term”working families”... what exactly does it mean? Do the children work too?

Oh right, for what 1% Fake President
And a president that will give us one! #popadopoulos #TrumpColluded

Change starts in the home. Bring ALL of YOUR business back to to US and HIRE in America

He is favoring the wealthy and thinks we are stupid. This guy needs to go!
Please do what ever to acheive
Spell two hypothetical asses
Please shut up
Does this mean that Ivanka will stop making her clothes in China?  Found this dress in June 2017.  Couldn't buy it - made in China. SHAME.
So, why are you raising taxes on those who can't afford it?
I disagree
You are a LIAR
If you want it to be fair, get your tiny hands out of it and ask for bipartisan help in drafting it. #MAGAWOTrump
Your trickled down theory  has never worked for the Middle class it just makes the rich not pay taxes. Very selfish of you

I literally laughed out loud. You only care for yourself and billionaire cronies.
Why are all your buildings built with cheap Chinese steel then? #MoronInChief
Everything he and his family does in business is with foreign companies and investors. My dog is more patriotic
Start with rich paying their fair share. Release your taxes if this plan “doesn’t affect you”. Deficit spending will cause inflation - FACT!
Trickle down economics didn't work in the 80's and it isn't working now. Tax breaks for the rich only helps the rich. No trickle down.
So...
Duh. You can't accomplish this though.
Obama set up an insurance and tax system that would help his corporate donors while purging America's middle class!
Here's the Russian trollbot again
Yes we do need a good tax system. Unfortunately the one you are pushing will completely fuck the middle class
Then how bout you and Congress write on that is fair because they one your promoting isnt
so, not YOUR plan, obviously.
"We're not going to pass that one, but we really need one."
Trumps tax plan will fill his pockets as well as his buddies pockets. He doesn’t give a damn about the middle class. DITCH THE RICH!

So why don't you design such a tax system if you can, not one just for billionaires? And if you fuck it up again - #RESIGN
Too bad that's not what you're proposing. #KnowNothingPresident
Well fix that shit then! I'm tired of being a working class man, 60+hrs a week and struggling check to check, week to week! Help me please!
We need a president who doesn't behave as if he needs a binky and his favorite blanky.
Agree. First we’ll have to find a president who knows what the hell he’s doing.
So why don’t you do THAT then?
Or your daughter who outsources to sweat shops in China to make her crap!
U don't want fairness o/w u wouldn't sell out USA to Federal Reserve. Many down half their wealth from unfair manipulation of stk mkt!FRAUD!
Release Your Tax Return's !

Lead by example.
So you’re moving to Canada? Denmark?
Fucking speech
And your plan is NOT it! Your plan increases economic inequality. The big winners are wealthy people with family businesses... hmmm... #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump
So .@realdonaldtrump - you’ll stop making hats in China? No longer hire non-American workers? Do what you say - only then we’ll believe you.

Resign
Yes agreed so let's do that
we USA needs a tax plan that tackles the 20T debt & supports the military . everything else needs 2 downsized or eliminated till debt is
dropped below 15T$. no fed funds 2 B used 2 support foos stamps, welfare or unemployment. all assistance to B handled by local & state.
Flat taxes hurt the poor.
What do you mean by that? There are plenty of people who work hard that are still poor in this country.
Do you think the answer to poor people's problem is as simple as "get a better job"?
President Trump explaining his Tax Reform Plan on Hannity.
Crowd goes wild when President Trump calls out the Fake Media. #MAGA
Trump is right the North Korean threat should have been handled years ago.
Trump cares NOTHING about how the middle class itemizes their taxes... he just wants to take more away!! First health care now taxes.
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working FAMILIES &  encourages companies to STAY, GROW & HIRE in AMERICA!
We need a POTUS that is FAIR to ALL AMERICANS and who doesn’t threaten to leave 3.5 million Americans in crisis

#PuertoRico
19000 feds are on the ground in PR. This island had poor infrastructure even before the hurricane. 74B in debt and they don’t pay fed tax.
Now tell us how you REALLY think
He's the fetid corpse of a rabid weasel, a maggot-infested piece of roadkill oozing pus & with a stench so foul it would make a skunk faint.
Wow.....raking made you angry 
Raking? I don't have a back yard. Just a fire escape, which fortunately needs no lawn care.
Consider yourself lucky
Your yardwork problems will be over soon when we have nuclear war with North Korea.
As a child of the 80's I thought the Cold War was over
Nothing Trump will come up with will be fair.
If Trump pays some taxes maybe working families could pay less!
AMERICA 
Ha
i bet buddy
i will ask mr trump
This man just doesn't get it!!!!
You know that video was so similar to the crap Amway spewed.
Yes we do !!
Please we DEFINATELY need a new tax system y’all are killing the middle class

Thank you Mr. President! Keep up the great work!!!!!
Wht dont you or your family have your stuff made in America?
No fed no income tax!!
Poor sound bite at best.  You are a great reason to consider moving to another country- Germany is now leader of the free world.
Well do something useful dont tell us your tax plan is great when working families get a 2% reduction the rich see this in double digit
Thank God somebody working with and for us,
We do but not your way
Yet 3.5 million are starving and without water or power in Puerto Rico. Millions don't earn a living wage and you just cut their health ins,
SHOW US YOUR TAXES..SHOW US YOUR TAXES..SHOW US YOUR TAXES.. SHOW US YOUR TAXES.. SHOW US YOUR TAXES..SHOW US YOUR TAXES
But that is not what will happen
Absolutely! That's why u need to scrap ur current plan & actually create something that helps middle class -raise AMT levels, Inc kid credit

Then stop giving tax breaks to corporations and millionaires.
We do but that is not the one that you are planning on , it will however help you quite a bit
Let’s see your birth certificate and your tax teturns. Fake President as far as I am concerned. Doesn’t respect us!
This monkey is a liar!  Crawl under a rock or something!
Says the grifter who hired NON AMERICAN WORKERS! LOSER!
So when will you out that one out instead of giving corporate tax breaks for you and the rich.
Everything out of your mouth is either poison or lies.
Don't worry about what I'm doing...Go outside and play with yourselves.  
Trump Corp and @IvankaTrump still making junk overseas. Huge hypocrite.
Eliminate taxing SS pension. Seniors already pd tax on that money-'double taxation' & must b repealed.
It's great we have a President that wants to enforce our laws
HYPOCRITE! All your family's crap is made in other countries! Practice what you preach, you lying, hypocritical son of a bitch!
Yes to new tax system. No to Death Tax (got to go)
@POTUS @WhiteHouse @psgsr160 Does that mean U R Bringing back your brand from the 12 Countries U outsourced to & giving the jobs 2 Americans

Do you mean for the conservative and white working families?????
Please resign.
I need your help Donald Trump Orange County Law Enforcement keeps disrespecting my dad
Instead of your proposal?
The #FairTax is the best choice. #MAGA
That sounds wonderful, except that your tax plan doesn't do any of that.
#effingmoron, I hope u get impeached and imprisoned before Christmas.  It would be a great present.
Yet your tax plan only benefits the wealthy.
Ok you need to stop all ur crap is made in China the tax reform is only for your people not us regulars

Yes we do but it doesn't look like it will happen under your administration.  You only care about the wealthy.
Sure do. Where are your taxes again?
God bless America 
That certainly isn't your plan, which will only go to stock buyback, executive bonuses, & inflated prices.
America Works ~Francis J. Underwood~
#25thAmmendmentNow @realDonaldTrump can't figure out how & what it means 2 run this country, @GOP & @DNC ACT NOW before we suffer majorly
Um......why don't believe you? Maybe because you always contradict yourself and constantly lie.
Trump Throws 1 Million Americans Off Of Their Health Insurance By Ending CSR Payments via @politicususa
oh because so many truckers companies are valued over 5.5 million $$$, right.... the rich get richer the rest go broke !
Mr President Donald Trump,  a from Nigeria.  You can reach me with this number +2349068048590. I love you Mr President Donald Trump
Shut up. You have no clue what you're doing.
Trucker pays has not increased since the 1950’s, the rates the same. While brokers take the majority of the money.
Then resign and let the Dems take over. All you care about is the rich.
...and so you give yourself a massive tax cut and screw the poor and middle class. #POSinPOTUS
Amen
We do. And it’s not your tax plan because it benefits the wealthy only. #25thAmemdment
Yes please don't forget the middle class. Thank you for all you are doing
YOU SIR DO NOT HAVE A CLUE WHAT IS GOING ON IN THIS COUNTRY. CLASSIC BILLIONAIRE SYNDROME! !!
Release your taxes...
Trump are scared of saying Russian are supporting Assad instead of Iran.
Trump you on the right path, but for this you need to pursue the right policy and personnel change.
Listen do whatever you wanted to do
In 2020 we will change ALL  your
BS ,KEEP DESTROYING AMERICA
HISTORY WILL HAVE NO
COMPASSION WITH YOU
Hahaha
We need a President that is not functionally inept.
We loathe Donald Drumpf & all the shit he stands for.  Won’t be long before the indictments begin.  Hope it’s before he destroys us
It definitely is not something u can come up with. The only thing u come up with r tax breaks for rich n u screw vets,middle class n poor
Campaigning again I see dondon. You have no chance in 2020. Mueller's gonna put a noose around your neck for treason. Give it up.
Yes, let's start with y'r hotel products, labor hands and y'r family members deals abroad.
4 now I shop where I can save my money, like U.
Fair tax system would be taxing assets instead of work. Would be fair to you as well. No work, no assets. Debts are deductible.
I agree. Let’s tax you and your cronies at 90%. The top earners need to pay their fair share. Corporations too.  #TaxFairness #taxes
Too bad you fascists are going for the exact opposite.
However, @realDonaldTrump is exempt for MAGA and USATrump hats, Trump ties and accessories will be made overseas along with Ivanka's line.
You're #Fucking the #MiddleClass again
What about your businesses & your daughter's?
what we really need is...a sane president!
u mean unlike u who does  none of the above
BUT the ultra rich are getting their tax breaks and that's all that matters to you.
Coming from a man who never released his own taxforms 
Sorry, but weren't you just saying business was doing great? Last time I ed you were acting as a stock ticker. What changed? #top1percent
All tax system that will make POTUS and his heirs wealthier at the expense of the middle class.
If only you would propose a tax system that benefits the working man. Yours 1 out of 3 middle class their taxes will go up & single moms

Where do you have t.rumpco items made, and why should you not have to lead by eaxample? #ImpeachTrump
We need tax cuts only benefiting the 1%...said no one promoting fairness...ever.

READING A TELEPROMPTER SPEECH THAT SOMEONE ELSE HAS WRITTEN FOR YOU... YOU SO SMART LOL
yes we do.  So stop lying about what yours does
More importantly to be fair to his fellow 'millionaires'. Dotard's never been a billionaire. All bluff! Bill Gate/ Warren Buffet are!
Yes u are right
A tax system that is fair would be the best thing for our country. But watch the left and right grandstand. It's so sad Pray hope #MAGA
@VP True. Which is why you should resign and let the grownups take charge.
Why don't you start with bringing your businesses home, instead of aboard and quit hiring visa holders instead of Americans.
Put your money where your mouth is on your own companies.
Yeah, we need a new POTUS too, but we’re not getting it.
WAKE UP CONGRESS and support the people
That would be a system Trump never had any intention of putting in place.
certainly not the one they are trying to push now.

We need a president that doesn’t throw a hissy fit and gut the ACA because he didn’t get his way. #stopthegiantorangebaby
Explain your new tax code. I dare you.
so lower taxes for the rich, working families can get the crumbs
why don't you come up with one that does that then?  Your plan does nothing for middle class!
A tax refurbished for the very wealthy and screwing the poor and middle-class.  No humanity Mr President.
And we need to punish the ones that leave and still sell here!tax the crap out of them.
Don't think any normal person will trust a person with no integrity.
Yes.  And you won't do that. If you give all the money and power back to the elite, you destroy America. Great plan.
You don't give a sh*t about working families.  Proven that so many times when you had to be sued for contractors/workers to be paid!
Yes We Do. What GOP  put out  IS NOT FAIR TO WORKING FAMILIES.  We DON'T NEED 1 PAGE PLAN. LEAVE DEDUCTIONS & DEPENDANTS ALONE
Bullshit. You're giving yourself a huge tax break.
A tax system that is FAIR is the opposite of the scam you're promoting. U & megarich will make more money robbed from working families. Con!
It is too bad that the fake news is tearing this country apart because they are just sorry dems
Yes, not one that makes YOU richer.  LYING LIAR
The answer is not tax cuts to the rich or to corporations.  It is helping the middle class.
