The fake pres dined with Xi Jinping at Mar-a-Lago to make his pockets fatter not for trade or America. We will impeach and imprison soon. 
When are visiting hours? I'd like to go to flaunt my body, knowing he can't grab my  anymore #ROFLMAO
LMAO!!!
CHINA RUSSIA USING NORTH KOREA TO NUKE US. S KOREA PRESIDENT PUPPET OF CHINA. SOLUTION MATTIS ATTACK N KOREA NOW. WAITING IS NUCLEAR MISTAKE
DON'T PLAY BY THE RULES MAKE UP THE NEW RULE, IF YOU CAN GET TEAM TO KILL  N KOREAN PUNK DO IT. LET PRES OF S KOREA KNOW HE'S PUPPET CHINA!!
DOES THE CIA WORK ANYMORE ???
SHUT DOWN SUPPLIES SPECIALLY FOOD TO NORTH KOREA. LET POISONED FOOD COME IN. USE HAARP GPS TARGET PUNK & ERASE. ONI FOR MISSILE & NUCLEAR FA
#VoteMoose
What if everyone in CHYYYYYYYNA #VoteMoose 'd???
Red Sox fans would say they hacked the final vote #VoteMoose
Fake news #VoteMoose
Sad #Votemoose
Guess you failed.  Again.
For someone that prides themselves on their ability to judge character, you're not doing so well are you?
So when will you resign since you cannot handle being President? I thought you were great at making deals to stop this? #25thAmendmentNow
Jesus Christ, who are you talking to?  This is NOT leadership... "we had to give it a try".

Weak.  Inexperienced.  Foolish.  Joke.
BREAKING: Loser admits losing, gives up on trade promise in under six months. Film at eleven.
But you and your family got their China deals through so there is THAT! Right? Good Luck with your buddy Vlad.
#SirDidi4sure #BeLikeMark
my friend, does free trade benefit Kim Jong Un or weaken his regime? Why do you rely so heavily on China? Where did you get your figures?
I'd like to know the answer here. I could honestly see it go either way. Would depend on if any of the people see wealth no?
IMHO, sanctions reduce the resources available to Kim's domestic opposition, relative to Kim's resources.
Agreed, but I'd just be weary of the potential to enrich Kim's nigh sultanistic regime- if resources do reach the people I'm all for it
Sanctions entrench a dictator in power. The Kims have been sanctioned 70 years. The Castros 60 years.
Similarly for other dictators, sanctions do nothing to modify the policies of a dictator in favor of the sanctioner.
Oh absolutely if anything it will only foster a greater apathy toward outsiders
*antipathy??
the Chinese have been LIARS and THIEVES for centuries. Surely you cannot believe they have changed in the 21st Century...
THEY WIL NEED US AND RUSSIA'S HELP WHEN ISLAM INVADES CHIANA AND IT WILL HAPPEN
Dad served with 'China Marines' in '30s & then we were stationed in Taipei in '60s:
'The Chinese have not changed..still thieves & liars"
Ok, now bomb their ass before they can nuke Hawaii or Alaska.
Hawaii?  Bet they were wishing right about now they had not sued the Trump admin over immigration.  Karma oh my!!.
Demand respect, they don't want war with us, we would wipe North Korea off the maps.
What is so hard to comprehend? China doesn't care as much about NK nukes as they do about collapse & US takeover of the WHOLE peninsula. So
Why would China respond positively to your pleas to deal with what is fundamentally an AMERICAN problem?
Hahahaha you and your "Art of the Deal" 
You can't run with the big dogs, you should have stayed in the porch. LOSING BIGLY
*on (DAM auto correct)
You'll be the first president to declare war on Twitter. And the last. (That's if there's still a habitable planet to have a war on).
#Grootman President, China are as faithful as their options!!! #Hade
Next step?
Yes, for all of the new trademarks you and Ivanka received, you went soft on China. Pu55y.
One meeting with you and they knew it was a joke...
Make em pay sir!
Did you really try? Cuz all I heard was you insult China and blame them for climate change and Russia's meddling in our election.
Correct. China *will* work with us, but we have to negotiate with them first. Can't just say pretty please. Plz forward to person in charge.
TRUMP IS NOT PROTECTING AMERICA. HE'S GOLFING!
Do you even realize that our safety is in your hands right now? Or do you just not care?
Build a WALL with American labor and products.
Send in the Seals
I can't believe you are still pussyfooting around this North Korea issue . I would have thought you'd have finished him by now.

Way to undermine our intelligence agencies, suck it up as we were affected by Russia, confront them and do your job, they hacked us
Stop it. Go look for your limo.
U can't stay on a message.  Question our intelligence, say it was Russia and then it wasn't and then blame Obama saying it was Russia
トランプ政権は、アメリカに居るアメリカ国籍のアメリカ人の雇用を考える、日本は日本人の雇用を考えたいです。移民反対、カジノ反対です。何故、日本の左巻き系列が行く新しい勤め先です。偽造日本人。模造日本人。詐欺師。犯罪者。北朝鮮!韓国!!韓国の文大統領は北朝鮮と韓国の統一を言いました。
韓国の今回の文大統領は元々、日本の左巻きなのです。北朝鮮派閥なのです。
Please bring our wealth and jobs home.  China is not acting in our best interest.
Why would China work with you.  You insulted President Xi during your campaign.  Remember your Mcdonald's comment.  He know he does.
You do realize China is a communist nation, right...?
What is your point?
If ya gotta ask....
If you don't know . . .
见china滚(◦˙▽˙◦)
Worshiper we never give u 1p ever again n there never work with u a peaceful end to it then ur done all off u devil worshipers are done now
This is about money n you are now puting my lass family in danger coz u want more money I really hope Russia but a stop to you for gd n I
Hey potus! How is that deal-making going for you?
China says trade with N.Korea up 10.5% in first half http://f24.my/1Uaj.t  
Another SCROTUS failure. #25thAmendmentNow
You're a fool to not realize that North Korea and China are in bed with each other.  It goes way beyond trade.
Hard for N. Korea to enrich uranium when they have no power plants.  Shut their power off. Over and over
just fking order your ships to leave South China Sea！！
Another #ArtOfTheDeal fail
That is all we expect from you Mr. President. That was most logical place to start but WHO can trust China? Talks 1 thing does another
@18260036858John Top Chinese leaders' illegitimate children have trillion dollar fortune and estate in the US. Freeze them!
"It's going to come out that Trump's more-weapons/less-food budget was plagiarized from Kim Jong-un."

~ Andy Borowitz
Screw them......we ordered duck, China serving us Dog.....
Finally!  We have a President that's at least trying to actually do something.  Leadership!
Well we were tired of winning anyhow. Fkn loser put a pen in your teensy hands and #resign!
And you claim to be a negotiator but all you've done is make world leaders hate you.
GREAT JOB!!!!!
Mr. PRESIDENT.
GOD BLESS YOU, YOUR FAMILY,AND OUR WONDERFUL COUNTRY..
You Got This !!!  (Kitty Rodgers)
You will not be able to renegotiate trade. You will kill it with your hate. They will all trade elsewhere. So much for jobs. Sad.
China showing us all their Fake Friendship...Time to call them out on this, POTUS.
I think people that REALLY want to do something for the country does not lose time with frutless criticising,
Better to spend words of solve
Must be said that tweeting is a form of comunication that is being used to reach who dosn.t have time to access quick important info instant
It is unprecedented the way this presidente is trying to unite the world leaders to solve the threats against world peace, why no news rep?
I think if a few Chinese container ships found the bottom of the ocean N. Korea would fix itself fast.
http://www.Brattlivesmatter.com  #brattlivesmatter #publicsafety #hotcardeath #sharevideo #share #viral #goviral #sprewellcare #sprewell #adc #safety
Gave up already? Like with Trumpcare?
#TrumpRussia
#TrumpCrimeFamily
#IllegitimatePresident
#TrumpLies
#TrumpCrimes
#TrumpPutin
#TrumpMafia
Only one suggestion, don't trust CHINA

Mr. Trump... every POTUS has dropped the ball on NK... it's in overtime now and we must win or die... Go ahead sir and light them up!!!
I thought you were a master deal-maker! What happened? #ResistTrump
Nobody wants you in Hamburg,Donald.Go cofvefe yourself!
Didn't you hear? China is the new world leader in trade thanks to you. #Loser #Illegitimate #25thAmendmentNow
China and Russia are the sponsors of North Korea. The United States must take its own military action.
They won't help us
Squeeze the Living Green Shit Out of the Chinese & Any Country That Conducts Business with North Korea;-)
China needs to decide WHOSE side they are on !
The days of straddling the fence are coming to an end !
US military will respond to N Korea !
It's time to peruse a military option before North Korea tries to kill us.
STOP TWEETING.
Proud of my president today...great speech in Poland!!!!
So, what you are saying is you failed at diplomacy.
#sad
is that a passive threat, or not so passive?
Please invite China to annex North Korea. This would stabilize the situation and deliver new natural resources to China and Capitalism to NK
MY POTUS . IT'S DAM SURE TIME TO STAND TALL MR PRESIDENT TRUMP ,AND OTHERS CAN LAY DOWN!!. STOP THEM NOW!.OR WE'RE GOING BACK IN TIME!!?
From start to finish,
Trump's got this.
So much for your negotiating skills.  Look forward to your giving away the store tomorrow to Putin. #weak #trumpfail #traitortrump
Guess that@chocolate cake wasn't that great after all!! #China  #trump sucks at negotiations
Trump fails to negotiate? BAHAHAHA
You keep defending China and Russia and they are the ones who control Syria and Noth Korea wake Trump they don't want peace.

#SirDidi4Sure #SirDidi4Sure #SirDidi4Sure #SirDidi4Sure #SirDidi4Sure #SirDidiForSure #SirDidi4Sure #SirDidi4Sure #SirDidi4Sure#SirDidi4Sure
Evil may SEEM powerful but it will not survive the test of time. Nor will a mother who kills their own NESTED w/hope in its mother's womb
Oh well. Great leadership there Trump. 
You couldn't even negotiate ownership of @DonaldJTrump, let alone a better trade agreement with China.
China may be responsible for Nuclear asset proliferation to many countries including Pakistan & North Korea.UN shd investigate/interviene.
Maybe President Bannon can help.
China is use to taking from us and lying to us.
Hopefully it was China's Summer Sale and it stops .. how far can NKorea run on plastic rice and cheep housewares?
NO MORE SANCTIONS GET READY FOR WAR WITH NORTH KOREA AND DESTROY THEM !!!
you cant unite your own country by being bi partisan and u expect other countries to listen to you .one term donald
Proud of your efforts on behalf of us all.  Thank you.  Waco Tx Deplorable
you caused north korea to be more aggressive , you blamed other presidents  for their actions blame yourself for n korea
@seanspicer @SHSanders45 Mr. President, I love  you, but since you only met with Xi in April, don't you mean second quarter?
Never thought China would have help us
Lol what did you expect from a country supporting NKorea & Pakistan.
Better learn how to get along with the biggest country in the world. Kind of a no brainer.
If N Korea successfully pulled off a EMP attack knocking out US power grid China would instantly become the Worlds superpower.  Makes uthink
#AmericansTrustTrump

The left will just have to watch & learn, see how it's all done in favor of our USA

#Trump2020

#MyPresident

#MAGA
RETWEET IF YOU HATE HILARY CLINTON! 

#SirDidi4Sure #SirDidi4Sure #SirDidi4Sure #SirDidi4Sure #SirDidi4Sure #SirDidi4Sure #SirDidi4Sure
We need to wipe out those islands they built up. China is in bed with North Korea
China is always fever in north Korea
Keep praying
Stop treating foreign policy like the latest Kardashian gossip. Just stop.
There's more to it then meets the eye, Kim is being coached by someone and we need to find out who it is someone is looking to start a war
What then China  told you devil worshipers to do one so then u say we attack u if u dont do wat we say well thats wat ur staff said so all
You mean they tricked you oh the nerve of some countries
Wait & see

I think Trump gave China some rope to let the world see how it would play out

Now we all see how duplicitous they are

BAM!!!
@realDonaldTrump Never trust the Chinese!  They put lead in everything and they are currency manipulators.  #ShowEmWhosBoss
we must start boycotting Chinese products
This happened :D
@robblackhurst 
#MAGA NOTICE

I would like to join Lord Trump in congratulating Supreme Leader Trump on his new, powerful role in the fed govt!

RussiaMAGA!
All hail the nude emperor!
For the love of God SHUT UP! Your desire to start a war is disgusting
You are drawing constant red lines with your threats. You can never redeem yourself for your deferment's. Make AMERICA great by resigning.
You did your best Mr Prez,  now show those commie bstrds why America is Great!
can't force or demand China do anything since they own America and they know it easier for them to let NK do dirty work
sad are choices were left to Hilary and Trump maybe we'll learn in 2020 who Repubs nominate or will die by sword HELP U.S.
Trump stay off of tweeter and do what a pres. I'd to do. If u don't you'll never get reelected. Unless that's your plan
Here is idea on the healthcare. Everyone eats food. So why you put a tax on food to pay for healthcare. Thats alot of people eating which turns into healthcare money
Pres. Trump just a Great Great job on passing the new tax bill. Also awesome job on the CFPB a department that was destroying American within. Keep up the great job
hey im chinese
hi
Trade between China and North Korea grew almost 40% in the first quarter. So much for China working with us - but we had...
You're going to outlaw doing business with China? Who's going to make your daughter's products?
Idiot
I don't understand. You are the great negotiator. You negotiated a 40% INCREASE in China's trade to NKorea? Why? Pray tell.
Donny, you , if you try to stop US trade w/ China the economy will , prices will go   at Wal-Mart, and the #MAGA base will be . #Resign
tiny hands are not your problem, it's your tiny intellect and your massive ego. Eff off back to kindergarten.
I love trump
Its almost like this had been tried before! What a mystery.
"[A]ll the critics were wrong and Trump was right. "On Saturday, the United Nations Security Council voted unanimously to impose sanctions."
That's my President! You go "The Donald"!
@POTUS that's where ur daughter clothing factories are
@VP DE TODAS MANERAS FALTAN SOLO UNOS CUANTOS AÑOS PARA ENPESAR UNA GUERRA @BarackObama ES INEBITABLE @norcoreano @POTUS
Ur job is bit more than selling and earning a buck.But surely u figured that already.
But a hell of a job by you. Yeehaw.
The hypocrisy. When Obama tried to reach out to Russia Republicans were going nuts about him being weak.
your Tweet was quoted by @CNN
My Chinese wife says to please keep a close eye on CHINA, very untrustworthy,killing there own people at an  every day
Can you count to40?
Impeach Trump 2017
Le Crime contre l'Espèce version French Electric Touch aux Armes a Énergies Dirigés confié a un Prostituer Génétique de Tortionnaire Clooné
Raté par la Légion, par la police mais surtout Raté par le Cloonage Genetique, il est bon Chien Fidèle Prostitué pour le Branlage Électrique
Jour et nuit et 24H sur 24H et travaille le samedi et dimanche meme les jour Férié en Branlette continu dans la Legende de sa Vie Raté
Par la Molécule pour avoir donner toute sa Vie de Working-Man génétique a un Petit Gros qui c'est pris pour le Maître tout Puissant de
L'Univers Francois Hollande le Double Mentoné juste avec son Patrimoine Cravate a Papa et un Bon Français Raté Génétiquement en Laboratoire
Avec la Niaque du rien dans le Pantalon Pour liquider des Grands Business Man, Les Grandes Fortunes ou des Opposants Politique pour Briller
Et se Faire un nom dans leurs Petits Monde de Dépravés et d'Epaves du Pouvoir sans Faits de Vie ou Faits d'Armes et rien dans le pantalon
Voila, le Syndicat des Clochards de l'Humanité ré-conditionné par le Portefeuille a Papa et qui s' exerce a la Barbarie Électrique pour nous
Doesn't surprise me!
so you openly admit that you are a looser. Trying and not achieving is still a failure!
Forthe GOD For thecyrus for gnosticism for great America for ancient Iran come to free  iran
This year  for themolavi (greatsufi)
Forthe GOD For thecyrus for gnosticism for great America for ancient Iran come to free  iran
This year for themolavi (greatsufi)
Gee how do I get off this twitter chain?! It's gotten way off topic.
Cut China off at the knees..
You sir are profoundly ignorant. I have furniture that out performs you intellectually speaking
@MEDIATIONS99 I thought there was so much hope there. It was to their benefit 2. I just don't understand why? Interference?
None of you replying to this post are important, or make any decisions for this country. Live your life. Get off of this mutual hate train.
And let's give tarrifs on Chinese steel a try too. MAGA.
SO MUCH 4 TRUMP'S INFLUENCE OVER CHINA. IT WAS TO BE SO "EASY" WASN'T ITI!  THOSE WHO'VE NEVER GOVERNED R ALWAYS SHOCKED THAT IT'S HARD!
American under your regime is growing fast. People getting jobs. Health care in progress. Security intact. Ride on DJT
