We’re monitoring Hurricane #Harvey closely and we’re working around the clock to prepare and support state’s efforts. 
Yes the world is watching and they think you're a joke.
Nope, we don't think he is a joke, but you stay in your comfy bubble.
It’s going to get comfy soon 
We need Voter ID, it is far more important than antifa or anything else domestically speaking

Plz sign and RT

https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/voter-id-laws …
We signed it.
TY! I think that THIS is THE MOST IMPORTANT issue, followed closely by judicial appointments.
Definitely very important.
FEMA will bear more and more of this with Global Climate Change.  Of course, what do you care?  You're cutting all the research funding.
We should be the ones saying you're doing a great job..
He was talking about FEMA doing a great job.
Late bye
You are doing a great job - the world is watching! Be safe. https://twitter.com/fema_brock/status/901090547665907712 …...
How bout no :)
Would you review your position about global warning?
Dear President,
Is Harvey a result of Global Warning? Irma and Jose? After texas and Florida, the question is : who will be hurt next? Alain
Donald trump you are the worst man in the world,u are not fit to be president,you stole the election,u are putting puppe, president Clinton
I have found that the biggest bullies are Liberal. You want everyone to think you are warm and fuzzy but you are really full of hate. I think it's your comfort zone.
I support the President but I have a problem with McMaster
That's true but I don't think he has the country or the President's agenda in the best interest

Great ...your favorite word
Great...@ http://kiliedutravel.com 
Amen
Thank you for taking time to retweet these Deplorable Linda!   Otherwise I might've missed them!   #MAGA.
You are a dangerous president.
You are a shame to this country
YOU ARE A REAL SUPER HERO...WE NEED SOMEONE LIKE YOU!
Dude, they're in a situation room. How dangerous could it be?
Curious as to when you started caring what the world thought of us?
God bless you Donald
I  am  Wourld   No Re  Mr  President  Donald  Trump  okay  Be
Lt. Gen. Honore: Stop congratulating each other @CNN
.Hello Mr PRESIDENT  Thank You.For YOUR Service
Yes. It is watching you. The North Korean president is just playing your head.
You are a complete failure.  The world is watching!
@realDonaldTrump Lets Make America Great Again we can come back Twice as Strong I believe We Can! #MAGA #Harvey
Can I ask why people are so negative again st trump when all he literally said was you are doing a great job keep it up?
Be safe. But if you're a police officer who dies saving people with a Spanish last name@ don't expect me to mention you!! #MAGA!
Are you cutting 20 % of Femas budget?
Good thing some grown ups are working and in charge otherwise Texas would be soooo screwed
Please just resign so perhaps the nation can begin to heal from continuous embarrassment you cause yourself and the USA.
What is it with you that everything you do you must equate it to fame or crows size? You sound like a freaking child.
Moe than we can say abt u. phony jobs reports, phony economy, big fat stock market bubble? u flip-flopped. I am losing big. USA is LOSING!
Brock is a competent professional with a strong mind and work ethic.  How has he avoided your wrath and rants so far?


By the way some good advice...STAY OF THE DAMN GOLF COURSE AT LEAST FOR THE NEXT COUPLE MONTHS! THE COUNTRY IS HURTING...HURT WITH IT!!
Ay man. Stop tooting ur own horn before anything even geys done!  Holy cow, just be the quite professional and let yur actions speak 4you.
I thnk you are saying Pres.Trump no one is special under your authority but unfortunately there has been some favors played by you acc to FM
@realDonaldTrump Thank you for what you are doing making America great again. Making quick work of getting aid going for Texas!!!!!
Def watching! Unity is above everything else now
President Trump -- you are doing a fantastic job, no matter what any critics are saying.....You are a gift from God ...
Good luck America....all the way from South Africa..

Brock. I will agree
President Trump I have no idea how you push on everyday #MAGA with all the hate thrown at you, but thank you so much! You are loved!
U R doing Outstanding Job for the People, Thank You Mr President. Kentucky Voting records need Ethics check, Crime hi Ky
The world is always watching.
@FEMA_Brock at least this week you didn't have to create some embarrassing distraction, did you press the easy button

The world is watching...you and your disgusting corrupt administration. Resign yesterday.

And that's more encouragement than you ever gave your predecessor.
Watching you, mostly. Time to keep it together.
On the other hand you @realDonaldTrump are doing a terrible job and the world's watching that too!
The world is watching ImPOTUS, the Great Asshole of the United States of America.
You, on the other hand, are doing a terrible job. Not only is the world watching, but they're laughing at you. Americans are embarrassed.
You're literally excited that "the biggest storm in 500 years" is happening while you play president. You're shameful.
We know the world is watching you and that's why we are so embarrassed by you! God works in mysterious ways. There is justice for the good!
Lord knows you won't be watching it might get in the way of your fox news watching.
= teets on a boar hog = of no practical use = at best, purely ornamental
Yes he is messing this country up worse than it has ever been messed up

Hope the rain storm doesn't move up the East Coast this week!  I'm planning my next golf weekend because I'm working so HARD for you peons.
Good job, Brownie!  I'm depending on you to keep the attention on the poor dumb suckers caught by the storm to keep ME safe!

The editorial cartoon from the @HoustonChron #Trump #HoustonStrong @Nick_Anderson_ 
He is doing a great job, so are you. We love you DJT.
https://twitter.com/pnehlen/status/902014463167082496 …
No, the world is watching you 

Washington Post gets it right! We bash the media a lot. Important to give them kudos for being truthful (for a change). 

The media need to wake up and see Antifa for what they really are. Domestic terrorists. 
Where is DT.  It's like finding Waldo
If he's doing a great job, does that mean that you're about to fire him?

"Brockie, you're doing a heckuva job"  SAD. #fakepresident
A-Hole Trump loves to talk about inheriting a 'mess', therefore, God has given you 'Harvey', to test your will, which you BETTER NOT FAIL!
Heckuva Job, Brownie.

Antifa protesters storm Berkeley rally; at least 13 people were arrested 
https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/08/28/us/politics/trump-tower-putin-felix-sater.html?smid=tw-share&referer=https://t.co/yJrcVFig9E … @RepBrianFitz @SenToomey
"Good job - don't screw up - good luck (I'm on vacay)"
We are watching you, too, sir.  PREPARE
Wonderful job pres.Trump we are blessed with support of so many people who are proud , Texans thank  you sir .
#FakeNews
Considering you didn't nominate heads for the disaster departments
THAT'S MY PRESIDENT. GO GO TRUMP
- - GOD BLESS 
OUR PRESIDENT  !!!!
I don't see you sitting at that table.
https://twitter.com/ruff_ruff123/status/902196863624990721 …
#femacamps
this has nothing to do with this but pleas change the schools from common core it is very useless in our schools sincerely a student.
FEMA must be there to help save lives @realDonaldTrump @potus #MAGA #MASA #TrumpTrain #DTS #LockHerUp #BuildTheWall #FightFakeNews
But @realDonaldTrump why aren't you there
you were quoted in an article by @nytimes

Clip is from live chopper feed by @kcranews in #Berkeley. No cops seen, this is #Antifa. http://www.kcra.com/article/police-make-arrests-as-clashes-break-out-during-berkeley-protests/12102667 … 

TIRED OF WINNING YET?!
And you are on a weekend getaway. Incompetence at its best!! Your fired!! 
Who's the head of FEMA, by the way?
Why did you cut the Coast Guard budget and the flood insurance program?  Hurting hurricane victims!

Finally, as if by accident, the @washingtonpost breaks down & admits the truth about where the violence is coming from https://twitter.com/washingtonpost/status/902132766107717633 …
Donald monitoring is okay creating a plan then scale it up times 4 200000 troops open 25 military bases troops in tents people in housing
Democrats are jealous of President Trump doing such a better job than their mulatto Messiah Hussein Obama did in office!
I just love you Mr. President.My heart is with you and you're family everyday.The world needs you never forget that. Good luck stay safe :-)
"Heckuva job Brockly"
You are not doing a great job about the venezuela dictatorship, Mr. President. And the world is watching but is not safe. Is time to act !
The world is watching You, Donald. And we Americans will have you removed from office. We will take america back from you!

Cops "help" the photographer to safety AFTER he was beaten up by Antifa who thought he was Trump supporter. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4828672/Masked-antifa-swarm-Berkeley-rally-assaulting-several.html … 
How can America be safe wae you as their president ya wee gimp
No we will not





https://twitter.com/MicroChunkyChip/status/900493170743574529 …
Did he say Brownie? #ResignNowTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow #embarrassing
Didn't see them yesterday.
Oh, wait they gave interviews about what they WERE going to do.That's it.
Be seein' you 

@EthanWhosHe

FEMA sits around, trump leaves town. No one sends any busses to move people out of harm to shelters before the storm! #FailingFatPOTUS
THANK YOU.
And you are NOT!  RESIGN so the United States of America can once again be safe
I haven't appointed you a leader yet.... so, good luck!
The world isn't watching you it's just worried about where Noah is when you need him
It looks pretty dry in there
Thank you Mr. President. Much respect to you. You're doing a great job. So proud of your courage at this difficult time in our country.
TRUTH IS..... how can you like anyone when you can't even stand yourself? All dems and liberals need to pull their heads out if their asses.
To all you liberal haters. Seek professional help, and some education as well. You need to learn respect. Period.
...and you are doing a horrid job- with everyone watching.
Great Job in the Name Of Jesus
So why isn't FEMA SETTING UP RV TRAILERS FOR THE DISPLACED, OR LOOKING FOR OTHER HOUSING MEANS, THE ROAD AHEAD FOR THE DISPLACED".
I'm sure he is doing a fine job. You on the other hand...
Who, you are doing a great job Sir
Bunch of ungrateful people on Trumps Twitter. None of you have Heart. Put the stupidity away and pray for the flood victims as I live in TX
That's what is so embarrassing about you. The world is watching.
