Walk to mr. President Trump and be proud because we are proud to have you as our president very proud and very proud of the First Lady she
Is a beautiful woman and always dresses appropriately never do you see her in these short clothes she's very respectful we support
You mr. President Trump and our vice president mr. Pence these people think you all did this bad stuff in a little bit of time that you have
Been our president you are just cleaning up Obama's mess that he created these people do not even know the half of what he did if they
I truly think you do care about this country and you care about the people in it mr. President Trump there's a lot of people out here that
Support you and glad you are our president everyday I couldn't imagine having Hillary in there Ben Carson was a good man too do you people
Really know how Ben Carson is like he said to that person when he operates on somebody he doesn't see a color it's a person Obama wants all
The whites and the blacks against each other if people would sit back and really look it was a Obama that started all this hatred
My heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with the 7 @USNavy sailors of the #USSFitzgerald and their families. … https://t...
Mr President keep up the great job ur awesome we the small trucking industry need your help abolish electronic logs mandated make American
What about the Muslim victims of the terror attack in London?  You don't care about them?
Of course not. The attacker was white. Bigotry at its finest.
Of course I know that.
he sucks so hard. lol.
Why why why? did this happen American people want to know! ?
Oh, you finally got around to mentioning them?  Was there enough buzz for you to pretend to give a shit? Done claiming your numbers beat Os?
You don't give a shit
A little late. You should have been all over this.
It's about damn time
little late buddy
It took you THIS long to tweet this??
thank you mr. Trump for being our President
Jesus Christ how hard was it to sputter this out?? Is it because it doesn't effect you??
Prayers for them. We are with you Mr President
Also, it's clear that you didn't tweet this. It uses emoji and graphics.
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 7 Months, 20 Hours, 44 Minutes, and 52 Seconds
7* years
Seven years in prison
#TrumpRussia investigators R now going after everyone in Trump's orbit because they have nothing after a year looking. Fools. cc @Scavino45
I take it you have never been involved in and or understand how an investigation works or how long it takes to conduct one.
About time ....oh well
ARE YOU SERIOUS?????????
Too little, too late LOSER!!!
Too little, too late
Day late. Dollar short.
WTH took u so long! #embarrassment
Dollar short and a day or two late but what else is new? #SCROTUS
if you really cared, you'd have appointed a Secretary of the Navy and an Ambassador to Japan. Now you give military control to the pentagon
Anything to say about last night's radical white terrorist arrack in London? Thought not - you clearly have selective deafness.
Of course it's a race thing to you if a white person does it. But it's not when they attack white ppl
About time you acknowledged their sacrifice. Your tweets earlier were embarrassing and you should be ashamed. #resign.
That was quick of you, guess you ran out of self congratulating tweets
No mention of the attack in London ? Telling isn't it ?
They say better late than never but not when ur president of the United States you're more interested in tweeting about you being a criminal
Such a tragedy. Our prayers are with the families.
What took so long
About time you stopped loving yourself and pay attention to those that lost their lives days ago.  #selfabsorbed
Amen , they are in my prayers may the Lord be with them and there Family's. God Bless them all
Spoken by a patriot
Yeah, ok, thousands of Americans expressed this days ago. You seem to be late for EVERYTHING of importance. You sure you're right for this?
I guess someone didn't pay the wifi bill at Camp David this weekend.  Is that what took so long?!?
I'm with you Trump, but yes, you're late on this...just sayin!
This means nothing coming from you! You have no respect! Instead of tweeting this the other day you tweeted about yourself.. SAD!!!
Wow. Couldn't talk about yourself any longer? #whinylittlebitch
You have no heart.
This is your pinned tweet, Donnie? Nothing about Little Marco choking like a dog, or Loser McCain, Lyin Ted, Crooked H or Ugly Rosie? Sad 
How nice of you to get around to this after stroking your own ego with fake poll stats.
Oh come on
Jeeze. Had to get your weekend done before doing the right thing? LOSER
 #MAGA
That's a day late and and a dollar short you orangutan.
Ok
Better late than never.
Dude he's President. He isn't late. He's got a lot to do
Like obsess over Obama.
Like golf....
Like chocolate cake.
About time.
doesn't count when you had to be reminded a million times
america literally had to nag you to do this

News: US shot down a Syrian jet; Russians threaten retaliation; 7 US sailors confirmed dead; terror attack on Muslims in London. Trump says: 
And looks like he had to get the formalities out of the way to shit on his political opponents
Trump's half-hearted reply is too little, too late. While the 7 sailors were dying, he was tweeting about his pathetic approval numbers…
He makes me feel physical hatred. Just pure straight loathing.
He won't even condemn the London terrorist attack just bc a white guy did it & bc he attacked Muslims. Absolutely disgusting…
Hey @realDonaldTrump, why do you keep blocking those who question you? Silencing dissent is a violation of our First Amendment rights…
Many People in SKorea think prezMoon&his cabinet  are secretary of our enemy Kimjungeun N Korea. Hint for you before June meeting with him.

I pray South Korea stays safe from the north. So scary!
Thank you. Yes it is very depressed and sad situation .
Their leader is insane. I hope that someone removes him from power before he corrupts any more innocents.
Too little too late. #NoEmpathy #GrifterInChief
Oh, finally....after all the self-promoting tweets, you now get to mention the navy's tragedy!
Wow who finally decided to wake up and post this for you?
About time. Geezus.
WHY were they even there?
It's terrible what happened to those soldiers-but give Trump a  break-he's assaulted from all sides 24/7
And yet, he had time to crow about his poll numbers.
What a bunch of left wing crybabies.  All they know how to do is whine.
Pretty sure they all live in a grand delusional state 100% of the time. So blind. So full of hippocracy! So oblivious to it all! Amazing!
Blowing kisses to comey and calling him names. Denying the Russian involved in the elections and everyone around You in touch with Russian.
You have no heart
So you waited for everyone to remind you and after praising yourself all day, you remembered them
Pretty sure you do not pray
This is why Mr. President we need the Iowa  Class Battleships recommissioned and modernized. Heavy Armor and firepower back on yhe high seas
Ur tweets shouldn't always b about you! You r supposed to b the POTUS, not the narcissist in chief! When a tragedy occurs, u speak 4 THEM.
That took you long enough! Waiting for your expression of sympathy for those murdered #FinsburyParkTerrorAttack; silence=complicity!
Took you long enough. Hell they said they found them on Saturday. You are pitiful. Never missed complaining about Hillary & Obama though.SAD
A little late on this 45 - you're ridiculous!
It took you until Monday when you come back to Washington from your weekly vacation to hear about this or say anything? #DoBetter
About fucking time
What the fuck took you so long? A million Americans already said what you should have said...if you hadn't been so focused on YOU.
SO SAD
Tell North Korea if they don't release our 3 US hostages we will drop a few MOAB's on their missile test sites, enough!
Ummmmm
Took you long enough. When u have to be nagged into doing the duties of CIC you are a wretched excuse of human.
finally!  Who told you?
Keep your fake and phony wishes and prayers.
I know d POWER of prayer cuz BOTH my @Pontifex #March2017 & @April2017 show me d power of faith,prayer, hope & dGOD has 4 all He created
How many days ago was this? Quit. Just quit now before you go to jail. Or don't - it's a better reality show than your last one.
A day late
About fucking time.....
Bad ship driving #Sad
Prayers for all in Jesus name amen
Too little to late
That only took 3 days after someone told you to WAKEUP  SAD
It is a tragic accident, how can it happen? Ship's of that size should have warning systems?
Wud that b similar to the feelings u have when all those kids get killed in the M/E Sir? It shud b
YES T HAT 7 MORE ADDED TO YOUR LIST OF DEAD SOLDIERS TO YOUR ADMINISTRATION YOU ONLY BEEN HERE 150 DAYS
You should be sorry since you sent them there
Death is the possible end of a soldier's workday
had to wait until you saw it on Fox?
That was Obama, he never knew anything until he saw it on tv.

This is too strange. Has anyone checked to see if this is terrorism?
Liar! You don't care about anyone but yourself! #Narcissist
Took you long enough.
Late, but at least he said something. Beats Obummer
Gee, nice of you to take time out from tweeting bogus poll numbers to notice. 
Too little.  Too late.  Tiny
What happened?
U don't give a shit. Keep yelling at those tvs. Can't even pretend u know what ur doing. Fake pres, fake money, fake tan. Ur Wife hates u.

You waited long enough. "Everything Trump does is so centered around himself and his own ego that, even when he sent a condolences tweet.

Took you long enough.... WHY?
Nice of you to finally chime in, #PatheticPOTUS
Wow, Donny, u really knocked yrself out tweeting abt our departed sailors. Gosh, I hope you'll b able 2 lift yr golf club.
Thank you Mr. President for your prayers. Keep going strong. Let the wimps whine.
Took you long enough, did you get stuck in a sand trap?
I don't think you have a heart you jerk!!!
Did you call the families personally? Dod uou even know about this tol today? Hows that "Hands Off" thing with DOD working? #Annoyed
About freaking time. It was more important to tweet about your poll numbers than this? Disgraceful. #SoCalledPresident #NoFriendOfMilitary
now build up and improve the navy much more in their honor
Took you long enough.
How the heck did this happen.. ??someone needs to be fired. God please console these families.. while buttercups protest!!!!
About time!
Finally!!!!!!!!
Thank you for your values and integrity. .
https://twitter.com/us7thfleet/status/876013519954628608 … … According to Twitter & The Hill, FACTUAL time @1008 on 6/17/17.  Pesky facts that get in the way. Left Hysteria
#FITZ back home. Search and rescue continues for our missing shipmates. 
That only took two days. What was your fucking hold up??
Nice afterthought.  Talking about your poll numbers and investigation was more important eh?
We have heard waaaay more about you from you. Give the floor to others for a change. "If you give up the ball it'll come back to you Kobe!"
This is awful . Any thoughts on the Muslims who were terrorized in London? Of course not. Their skin is not the same color as urs used 2 b
I am sure this means a lot to the families.  This needs.a truthful ingestigation
Heartbreaking.
Unfortunately you then start your nasty campaign tweeting immediately afterwards.  Show respect, act Presidential PLEASE.
prayers and thoughts are  with the 7  , sailors u.s. Fitzgerald
TRUMP BEST PREZ IN THE LAST 20 YRS !

How nice to see some words of condolence before the next full moon. I guess this President was involved in more profitable distractions.
Better late than never
I told him to sell everything in the beginning.
So much on your plate,where making weighty decisions matters most, you must realize the well being of others must come first.
Coward!
Look at all the #libtard #libtard #haters
I join in that, but how can a ship equipped with radar not get out of the way of a slow container ship, even if it was "aiming" for them?
May they Rest In Peace
About time, Commander in Chief.
 prayers to the families ! True heros
@POTUS Say their names. You can't because you don't know and don't care! #FAKEPRESIDENT
@PressSec @USNavy took you long enough
Thank you for caring in a dark world
Oh, you noticed.
You're late!
What are their names. I bet you can't name one.
' '
What about #CharleenaLyles and #PhilandoCastile? Where are your thoughts and prayers for them?
That's your official statement?
Took you fucking long enough.
Yeah, you pray lol!!!!!!
Otto?  What abt him?  Bad news. Btr hope Rodman has luck re Kim. If he does give him credit. Few can reason with him.
Too little, too late. Lame duck
Bit fucking late to the party
It was way to late. Poll results must be more important to you. Did you call each of the families, especially the fathers on Father's Day?
Praying for the families too.
A bit late.
They don't need your late thoughts.  The Navy is a good mother and we,
 lucky to be members of it, will pray for them, you and America!
Isn't that nice of you! Those fake polls don't seem as important when you realize 24 hours later that you forgot to tweet your condolences!
Dictator Trump, U don't have a heart, remember?
After almost 72 hrs later and lots of reminders. Do you even know their names? Here you go. @USNavy extending our deepest condolences.
Truely allot of sick people out there!!! Still can't believe they lost. It's over!!! My God your destroying the Democratic party!!!
took you long enough to say something.
Heartfelt?  Impossible. You've shown us clearly, you have no heart.
TWO DAYS LATE!? You don't have the intelligence or empathy for the job you STOLE
If you're since about the 7 US Navy who lost their lives in service of their country why do you resist the Russian investigation?
