Nice! Proud to support our President, from day 1.
Oh, please - stop. He was, indeed, a very successful faker on Apprentice. It's been proven by multiple sources that he'd easily be just as or even more wealthy having just left his inheritance invested & gone golfing. As for "winning on the first try", so did 27 other guys.
Blah, blah, blah
Right back at you! We'll have to agree to disagree.
Sam zamrik@ZamrikY @realDonaldTrump ,why Saudi and Egypt were not on the ban? They were the hub of terrorist.
Today President Trump acted, God bless
Wall Street tried everything to halt you, I supported you not them. Protect me and the working class who back you.
@trumpbigregrets @realDonaldTrump I'm so sorry he duped you - we all suffer as a result
Wall Street gave a kings ransom to Hillary, not @realDonaldTrump He's a populist & I trust him
wrong a story was released he took money from Soros so he is very much on the take.
I have posted much evidence that disputes your claim. If you can't back it up then it's bs.
nonsense, article in conservative review 2-27-2016 -trump pals around with Soros.try again
bullshit. Plz show proof.
clearly facts and proof are meaningless to Trump.
Getting ready to deliver a VERY IMPORTANT DECISION!  8:00 P.M....
These foreigners.. came here and want us to say Happy Holidays and not respect our religion as Americans. Merry Christmas

surprise it's Ted cruz.
You know who wins The Bachelor?
Please be a resignation. Please be a resignation. Please be a resignation. Please.... #PresidentBannon
Prayers
you're doing a great job only 11 days in! #proud
Go, Donald!
To start taking better meds?
RATINGS WILL BE WORSE THAN YOUR ORANGE SKIN
I don't care. I'm watching Oak Island
™ go Neil

exciting time!!!
Grandstander!
tu renuncia?
has HE signed Jordan Rhodes?
Oh I'm excited to see you play "Which Minority Group I Hate Today", should make it a tv show imo
why don't you get a life, then you won't have to troll our POTUS?
Can't wait I'll be watching. Then watching all the commicrates start crying. Love it
This is not a reality TV show, come on man get a grip !!!
Dn't let Trump fool w/ LGBT rghts. Pence & Bannon r strong aganst it. Tryin 2 get minds off #Muslimban #Womenrights #races
I'm ready
さすがトランプ！
did you know you're not a TV host anymore? You're POTUS... Act like it, running a country isn't reality TV #RESIST
Looking forward to another great pick. Thank you, Mr. President.
Greatest President in my lifetime in two weeks
GO POTUS
The only important decision you could make would be to resign immediately.
this is not the apprentice
Two GREAT candidates!
you go Mr President.  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@xziglesias
resignation? Please?
#resist #notmypresident #Delusional #StopPresidentBannon #WomensMarch #thisisnotnormal 
#ImStillWithHer #ImpeachTrump
tool!
امنعنا من الردا ياترامب
#Resign?
Trump! Trump! Trump!
what a bunch of trolls on this website. I myself will never ever vote for a democrat. What a bunch of idiots. Clean clocks.
why?
BIGLY!

#TheResistance
#TheResistance
#TheResistance
#TheResistance
#TheResistance
#TheResistance
#TheResistance
You've made an important decision? You've decided to resign? That just might make America great again!
Just like Trump!
wow
what your resignation! Please do
Be it good for the muslim world this time ... u need to gv deadlines & there shd b a process for refugees!
You’re not stupid; you just have bad luck when thinking.
didn't watch it.
treating the presidency like a sideshow!
maybe he'll just moon the press proving he's an ass
世界平和を希望します
important dicision? your quitting right?
okay
Dude stop acting like a girl. My bad, forgot you are one!
You're resigning!?!?
If I said anything to offend you it was purely intentional.
@TheFedz889 god knows what he's gonna say
you are leaving for good???
gonna resign??
tu vieja va a posar para @Playboy esa @FLOTUS es un desmadre 
Hmmmm, who taught you how to spell decision?
you have your money, your fame and the Presidency, but you do not have the American People.
ooh I missed this earlier. So tell me, did you decide to poop or just pee? #POTUS
How did it go? I hear @POTUS is at it again.
stop tweeting and start doing your job.
If you can't laugh at yourself, I'd be glad to do so for you.
you'll fuck it up.
Stupidity’s not a crime, so you’re free to go.
better get the crayons ready and move those stairs. Whitehouse staff have prepared potty. good to go!
get off Tweeter then. Omg
Go Trump Go
are u quitting??? You quitting would be the only thing that will save America! Or the 25th; whatever works.
CANT WAIT! LOVE YA TRUMP !!! Best President EVER!
reality tv ?  Yep. For you it is
this is not TV
go President Trump GO ! Doing a fab job !
'total MEDIA cleansing,DrainTheSwamp, political cleansing, law &order,border& immigrationReforms,possible in GOD WE TRUST"
Mexico is so much better than you. :(
you are the best president..
you're gonna nuke Anfield aren't you 
@POTUS is it to stop pantomiming, cause we can hear you talk. You have the hand gestures, just shut-up.
I’d slap you but I don’t want to make your face look any better.
Hey, you have something on your chin...3rd one down.
You are so squandered that even a   #yesterday would not want to  you! Yes Arnold #Schwarzenegger did a star!
rubber sheets or waterproof tarp?
I thought it was really good and your hair looked really good
You say I look bad yet whenever I look at you, you give me pharyngitis.
what decision your resigning as potus
Getting ready to deliver a VERY POOR DECISION!  8:00 P.M.*

Fixed it for you.
so happy you are president, sir!
, you are in the White House thanks to the russians cartel
are you standing down to a democratically elected president?
the best president ever!!!!!!
Gay? I’m straighter than the pole your mom dances on.
"I'm an unhinged half-wit!" We knew that.
Please let it be that you have decided to off yourself.
We all want and wish this 2 happen as soon as possible.
what that you have Fake hair already. Knew that
I'm glad to see you're not letting your education get in the way of your ignorance.
You started at the bottom and it's been downhill ever since.
#noonecaresgirl about you trying to make state craft a reality show. this is our lives. #resist
your going to release your #taxes??
Well it's about time!!!!
.... resigning....yesssss
Hopefully your resignation! #MAGA
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable? Like a coma.
are you gonna quit twitter and start working? I'll see it when I believe it.
what is this, some kind of reality show?? Grow up
best of luck Mr . president....
your reality tv show was embarrassing and unbefitting for a US President.
Very important decision? You're resigning? Yay! Ah rats, it's what U think's important. More collateral damage 4 the US. :(
Iran was my great and #ready to #apologize for its last legs.
oooh #TrumpleThinSkin is serious, look at all the caps! 
Yep I am adopted, my parents chose me, your parents are stuck with you.
Praise Allah!
What you're going to make number two?
Do you still love nature....despite what it did to you?
Oh...are you quitting?
U are such a fool, U come out with a smarmy look and they re not even in the room, really bad moment on TV. #sucky
resign? Go for it!
@nakul_jamwal kya game hai
What does Steve say the decision should be?#PresidentBannon
your resignation!!??  Please resign!  #pitifulpresident #dumptrump #OrangeIsTheNewBlack
here comes another attack on Muslims. Brace yourselves.
keepaking America Great Mr. President.. Thank you
one does not DELIVER a decision..oneMAKES a decision..before delivering an address/speech if one is @POTUS esp if onIran,
RESIGN !! nd you will be remembered as a Joke ! Lol
don't listen to them President Trump. You're right on schedule. Keep kicking ass and then take names!
it's not reality tv.
you're changing your diaper, cancelling your twitter or going a deeper colour of orange!!  on the edge of my seat....not.
OMG are you resigning??!!!
#Swedish deputy PM mocks Trump photohttps://www.yahoo.com/news/swedish-deputy-pm-mocks-trump-female-photo-154037126.html
stop using twitter constantly and start acting like @POTUS !!!
Marine La Pen is a populist like you. She said your impossible victory will help her in the French Pres election. Help her.
We must keep evil out #especially for its bad and who? I can craft #administrations.
it's Judy! I got him out of Colorado! They were trying 2 kill him! Now 2 get paper work done
Break ties with UK they are a Muslim Nation-
There Is No England Now (Living On a Thin Line) https://youtu.be/UBasdIOVY7c 
your resignation you old fool !
Scientists say the universe is made up of neutrons, protons and electrons. They forgot to mention morons.
Your resigning!!!!!
Mr. President i am Syrian living in California applied for asylum in 2015 and haven't gotten a response yet. I am worried
You are proof that evolution can go in reverse.
narcissistic attention seeking
and must be shared with twitter Donnie.
Getting ready to embarrass AMERICA AGAIN! Twenty-four/Seven/Three-Six-Five!!
If you’re going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty.
It is great to have a President that is all action, not procrastination.  Proud to be an American Veteran!
