Please close the agencies that r obsolete & redundant.
.@foxandfriends   We are not looking to fill all of those positions. Don't need many of them - reduce size of government...
BUT-POTUS HAS LEFT MANY QUESTIONABLE OBAMA-CLINTON PEO IN PLACE...WHY...MAKES NO SENSE AT ALL
Reduce The Federal Reserve Bank!  THAT'S What You SHOULD Do If You REALLY Want To Make America Great,  Soluble, And Debt Free.  Back Your Words Up With Action.
who should we vote for in NJ in  November election.
Why font you legalize marijuana for the hole country and let us grow are own .
Thank you, Mr. President. #MAGA #Wall #Repeal #TaxCut #TraitorMcCain #ShutDownMueller #WitchHUNT #DitchMitch #ResignPaulRyan
I agree
Reducing the Government "Bloat" always a good thing for America! Eliminate and Consolidate is the way to slim Government down to size!
So that not enough people are on hand to save Houston's ass. No wonder Mexico is sending help.
Don't need Government to do what "We the People " can do for ourselves! Government NOT the solution, Government is the problem!
The people of Houston would dunk you for that comment.
The Best government is Less government. Calvin Coolidge U.S.President
Haha Mattie just said nah to your transgender ban!!! You gonna fire him too?
So Trump can't join the military then.
You need downsized... you're bigoted & anti-American. All of your actions are self serving. GOP needs to take action. #ImpeachTrump

How about reducing the cost of travel & SSfor you & your family. When conducting personal business pay your own way.

When things stop getting done, especially fema positions,  it will make you look more foolish
@POTUS Please FIRE all Obama holdovers!
Yeah, lets have just you running things. Like Kim Jung-Un. Wouldn't that be great Trollnald?

Is Trollnald Dump insane?
To clueless & useless to fill all those positions
Trump's not looking to fill those positions because that's what Putin told him to do. Make America weak.
#Resist
Your admin is a failure. You aren't filling positions because nobody wants to be associated with a racist traitor. Good try on dodging truth
Nobody is willing to work with the #FakePresident & #LiarInChief
Please get rid of all the Obama holdovers!! We love you President Trump we got your back!!!
LESS jobs for Americans. Where are the jobs? tRump is eliminating them. tRump first, not America.

just because position don't get filled. don't mean the work stops. So folks will be over worked
Drain The Swamp!! #MAGA
Keep up the excellent work Mr. President.

Can we start w/you? Have found those at top are truly worthless and do nothing. Ever read The Peter Principle? Get someone to explain.
Oh so you're  not filling close to 400 positions because U want 2 save money? I propose no one what's to be associated w/ u ,folks bailing
You say that because you can't fill any more positions with your racist buddies @realDonaldTrump

@winniegustafson @foxandfriends @IngrahamAngle Time for layoffs or reassignments.
Thank you Sir you are awesome looking out for us . Taking care of the waste . Save the money for catastrophes like in Texas 
What a great idea! It isn't like there is anything big happening right now! You are clueless, at least the crowd in (Houston) was big! SMH

What to 1, just 1 needed, me, me, me it's all mine now!!
Jobs!  Or not so much.


Via @MoscowTimes  Donald Trump Planning Skyscraper in Moscow http://bit.ly/1fz1uYN 
Why is Koskenin Still in Charge of the IRS ? How is this possible Fired ! Gone !
Indict Powers , Rice , Wasserman , Lynch ,HRC , Podesta
Constitutional rights belong to CITIZENS of US!  Illegal immigrants are NOT citizens, nor are they immigrants!   They deserve NO rights.
That includes welfare, etc.  Imagine the cost savings!
I believe the concern is all the Obama holdovers that seemingly undermine the agenda we voted for. But, we DO trust your leadership 100%!
Obama hold overs? Who has the authority to fill these positions?
You can't fill the positions because nobody wants to work for you and they know your administration is tainted and prison bound.
Only the close trusted loyalists huh?
Like most dictators!
Yeah, yeah, that's it. We're reducing the size of govt, that's the ticket.     #WeAreNotMorons
The rate ppl quitting u you'll b having to go grocery shopping cook 4 urself bc u won't even have Secret Service 2 order about big lonely WH
legal experts on why Trump can’t pardon his way out of the Russia investigation
Keep clinging to that hope of Russia.  Too funny and so pathetic.
Notice how you're one of very few defending Trumpet. Oh, and remember the investigation isn't over into this crooked liar
There's a lot of hard working, middle class Americans defending Trump, he's created over 1 million jobs for USA! GDP at 2.6% #MAGAStrong 
He's also created hate and racism to go along with all of those important jobs. White Power is all Trumpet thinks about. Unbelievable
Your beloved Obama admin had more people of all color unemployed and on food stamps than any other POTUS #DemocraticPlantation
You racist always bring up food stamps .  You do realize lots of white people use them ???? Your lack of knowledge is astounding
You don't want them filled because it puts more power in your own hands -- Dictatorship won't happen!
•Bingo: another key reason won't fill them
•Inseparable: @realDonaldTrump believes, stated he's THE expert re: many matters
#MalignantNPD
Of course you're going to say that when you can't fill crucial positions and staffers are resigning left and right out of shame, Orange Blob
http://www.thedailybeast.com/exclusive-mueller-enlists-the-irs-for-his-trump-russia-investigation … Tic Toc Tic Toc #abuseofpower #Corruption #ObstructionOfJustice
Replace Obama hold overs?
Why aren't you using this platform to point people directly to donation sites like the Red Cross or is this only about you?
Good!! #draintheswamp!  Mass pols gave themselves thousands in raises.. at a cost to Us the Taxpayers! we are being bled to death!
Understandable: Dictatorship is so much more easily acquired the less people you have at the top.
DestinyPolit, you are so adorable! Maybe leave it at that...you aren't exactly the sharpest tool in the shed.
You're a little late to the conversation. Zero interaction with me and you've chosen immediate insult. You've been blocked. 
Yeah man sack one a week and bring em back for final episode
You mean so the government doesn't function correctly?

Donald have you purchased any of the flooded land yet do U have secret development Proposals in the workers Moguls means your out to get
Like yours.
@foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump @POTUS Replacing those Obama Fed Judges should be top of the list
Let’s start reducing the size of Govt by your #Impeachment
Think how much it will save on travel alone.
Of course you aren't looking to fill those positions. You're too busy campaigning and golfing to know which positions are available.
Bobsabitch- try to keep up
Keep up with Trump? 

Reduce the size of the government? the RESIGN and it will really reduce without your big HEAD and Big EGO!
Get I done Mr President! God be with you
Get rid of your position-it's clearly not working out. Also get rid of Ivanka (disgrace-bad person) & Jared (incompetent-no peace deal yet)
Right. You have no idea what it takes to effectively run the govt!! No one wants to work in your administration!
Translation: NO ONE in their right mind will take a job at the White House.
One position that needs to be refilled is potus.
Fire everyone hired under the Obama admin and most Americans would consider it a GOOD MOVE !!!
Amen!!!
My wife is looking for a good job
What happened to the press being awful? Ones that kiss butt are fine, I guess, huh?
Spin the BS any way you want. No one wants to be associated with this administration
U don't even understand government enough to know if we need them or not. Man U r a piece of work not in a good way.
That's great you should be the first to GO! You are not fit for this office please leave thank yoy
Just another sign of how uninformed you are about leading a country! Spend the money on your properties but screw Americans!
Autocracies do need less people
You mean destroy government. Real news, fake POTUS. Disgraceful!
@realDonaldTrump Lets Make America Great Again we can come back Twice as Strong I believe We Can! #MAGA #Harvey
Why in the world would any homosexual vote for Trump? Pink triangles, Peter?
reduce government---that's a major reason for being voted into office
How does Tillerson feel about the State Dept's lack of undersecretaries and diplomats?
He was ordered to do this by #VladdyDaddy Putin. Just following orders.
There are 323 million people in the US.  The more governing, the more bipartisan and moderate.
Out of the mouths of liberals...smh!
How much of a disgrace can you be?
Trump has used his Harvey meetings as product placement for hats he sells for $40 two days in a row now... 
Great idea #DonnyJohn- you go first!
You absolutely positively have no idea what you are doing in the Oval Office. Bannon is gone so you can be rational now. Okay?
Please resign.  Your position & Your family are not needed.  Thank you.
I can't help but feel that a fart would be more universally welcomed.
Lol or no one wants to work for someone that is going to be impeached? Just sayin!
No. Reducing the size of government is about obsolete programs, too many ppl doing same job - NOT about crucial governmental roles. Idiot.

What a bullshit excuse!
Why does Walter Reed in Bethesda have a fire dept and NIH right across the street has a fire dept. Both health care service protectors.
Turn the TV off. Get some fresh air.
Not that I want to give you any tips, but maybe you could accomplish some actual #GOP legislative objectives if you hired a government.
I know position you can't reduce but wish you could: Special Investigator Robert Mueller!  #JailTime4Trump
Jobs?
Praying and helping. Thank You President Trump. A true leader in times of crisis.
Tick tock, tick tock....TRIGGERED!!  Thank you, love it when Dems lose their minds.
Exactly!!!  Right on!
#The_Art_Of_Bankruptsy_Codes is not what America needs. When it comes to tax codes most corporations have tax deductions with record profit
Let's start with you in reducing the size of government.
Start with Pentagon.
Ok but please replace the holdovers. Like Ambassador to Macadonia that is funneling USAID $ to Soros activist grp. Many more like that.
Since you are a whining loser doing nothing, it figures you don't need anybody around-reduce amount of agent orange on your face.
We could use a President

Classic!!!! 
You have to do! !!!!! ((*
You need enough to run the government and you are failing miserably!
You mean eliminate positions required to keep America strong, safe, and smart.
Reduce the government?  To what?  One?

Even insane tyrants like Caligula needed a Senate.
Right, if you don't fill them, it's less people telling you what to do! All you need, is Putin right?  The popcorn ready for the show.
Yes
BIG way to start. Send Ivanka and Jared home. Unqualified and not working for Americans, just supporting you. NEPOTISM SUCKS!

planning to become dictator right? americans wake up! end this before it ends your freedom and democracy!
I love it. Making liberals crazy again. Keep up the excellent work
Reduce the size if your travel and security costs if you want to prove you are for the taxpayers.  Pin I I award goes to you.
#WeWantClintonsEmails
Try to keep up
It only needs to be reduced by you, you Nazi loving, for-profit wanna be president
Seriously, you are having this much trouble? I am willing to offer my services. It might help with your base to have a regular guy helping.
get rid of Ryan and Mitch.
$ saved goes to...TRUMP, other rich, corporations. Rest ofpay more taxes (by whatever name), lose services, including natural disaster aid
If you need help I would work for free!
This is moving closer to TRUMPS dictatorship.  He is selfish, wants to make most decisions.  You are damaging our America without help
Say we eliminate your position first
Bill Clinton cleaned house in about 2 weeks.U?it's been 8+ months.Do U need them around to use as excuses for your failures? I guess so.
Keep up the good work.  We need new health care. Soon please.
Is the audit complete?
That doesn't seem at all dangerous to you?
In other words: nobody wants the jobs so we cant find anybody
The real reason is that no one want to work within your Band of Liar, Thieves and Family Circus. #impeachtrump
Maybe hire a few subject matter experts to balance the generals, kids & potentially self serving billionaires. #followthemoney
Damn right Mr President
Replace the Obama holdovers
They don't want to work along side, near or for you! Nothing else you can say.
