get over it.  No one likes grow some balls.
Phillips would also not say what the data is or where it came from, or what methodology he used.@realDonaldTrump
I have to pay for a useless wall twice and now you want me to pay for conspiracy theory too? 
Anyone that tells you what you want to hear Donny.
Go for it! 

Chicago has voting zombies & many motor - voter states license illegal aliens, making it easy. 

Citizens deserve to know.
kindergarten one 00000000 one, stop  the madness.
really Russian loving, cant stand without praising Putin
Tell all of your Republican "friends" to keep their pie holes shut if they don't know what they're talking about.
as every little girl who has seen the movie Frozen knows, "Let it go, let it go!"
Is this the investigation you requested? Conspiracy theories backed up with BS in an effort to supress voters. U R SAD SACK
When Trump Makes Our Country Great Again all of u cry babies will be first in line to take advantage of Trump's changes!
Get a life, will ya?
no #realfacts support these #alternative facts. We are not stupid. We will not buy into your BS. #fakepresident
build that wall !!
arrest Hillary
look to your own family and advisors! #alternativefact
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain
Lies, Lies, Lies!  Trump must be removed!
Normally the approach of African dictators clinging onto power. Can't wait for #Trump2020. #underminingdemocracy
maybe start with the multiple registrations of your staff.
fake!!! Unreliable. You can't know until you do significant research. It can take yrs. Stop lying!!!
FAKE!
and just by coincidence with same number Clinton did you in elections ... 
why can't you focus on running the country and not your ego
- You have to be our lowest IQ president!
That's funny, he's a lot smarter than all the folks who think they own the world
It’s not these listed companies. It’s the Koch’s and Mercer’s that bought congress and funded the jackass.
you really are a broken toy. You won. When are you going to start doing the people's work instead of your pet  ?
your trying to tear up our democracy as we know it to fit your dark version of America. You will not succeed.
#Trump must be removed from office at all costs.
hahawhy because stopping illegal voting destroys tje communist Democratic party.  No he will not b removed
Praying for you @realDonaldTrump #MadeInTheUSA
praying he comes to his senses before he gets us all killed
seriously. I'd rather have an investigation on your TAX RETURNS.  And going by your tweets, your IQ and mental status!
Source data please..liar
E-verify. Only way to stop voter fraud.
Waiting
Where’s the proof!!!! You still won oh yea because the voter fraud was commit on you behal compliments of Russia.
Wow, do you did rig the election to get 3,000,000 more votes. 
So what you are really saying is that HC got even more than we thought.
Hmmm looks like Phillips' Twitter account @JumpVote has basically been wiped clean (not banned by Twitter). What happened, Don?
Make voter ID mandatory.
Amazing that a NeoNazi blames minorities for losing the popular vote by millions
Next year all ilegals with be registered in CA. Perhaps we should moved to invalidate  the results of any state that cant identify legal citizens and have controls in place to assure no  one votes more than once Federal elections

Voters must have two forms of ID’S to vote.
All the corruption in the world including @POTUS44 @HillaryClinton @FBI @fakenews @EricHolder @SenSchumer couldn't stop GODS pick for president of USA  @realDonaldTrump
It’s been 12 months, where’s this report? #trump #TrumpIsAMoron #TrumpLies
When did you start thinking the Russian Gov that helped you win, were American Citizens? Do you sometimes experience waking dreams?
Where's the proof it actually happened. ? Just because you and him tweeted it doesnt make it true
Look forward to seeing final results of VoteStand. Gregg Phillips and crew say at least 3,000,000 votes were illegal. We...
Wheres the proof?  You are exhausting. Stop spread everything you see on Twitter without proof.
Vote Stand??!! Thats where this comes from? Any transparency there? Any accountability? Anyone permitted to check them?
Really? We're still on this? Are you mentally ill or something?
colorado horrible malo y estúpido! Número 5!
#voterfraud as you see it is #fake. Don't be #SadLoserPresident Only an #AngryToddler gets this mad over #imaginedslights
if this is real, why have bipartisan research groups found less than 100 cases of voter fraud in 15 yrs? #alternativefacts
lies lies Mr.Trump pls let that go and focus on the important things for USA like Russia hacking us!!!
you are either a bald-faced liar or seriously mentally unstable. Sad!!!
Gregg Phillips is a fraud.  Making you look stupid for buying into this BS. https://twitter.com/JumpVote/status/797843232436748288 … @realDonaldTrump @JumpVote #NoEvidence
good Friends would help u. But ure rich &powerful so they can benefit from ur position. narcissistic personality disorder
GregPhillips has no proof #voterfraud I was watching on @CNN and there was no proof at all. Pay attention to real things!
CNN is a libtard channel we all know this.. Fake News for u all to understand.
I am sorry that the educational system failed you so badly not teaching U to discern #fact from #fiction
there's no clean water in Flint.
run by all Democrats you fool
my point is this should have more of a focus than an election that he already "won" #foh

Let it go, my dude. Let it go.
I wonder if I could get on TV by claiming that "my sources" say the number is even bigger than @JumpVote's @realDonaldTrump
.@realDonaldTrump VoteStand is an app for random whackjobs to intimidate people and take pictures of what "looks like" voter fraud to them.
.@realDonaldTrump Here's an example from the app. "Jumbled wires" near a voting booth looks like "machine tampering". Or, a fan. Or, wires.
.@realDonaldTrump The app has about 3,000 downloads on Android and 6 ratings on iPhone. Extremely generously, 10,000 people have this app.
.@realDonaldTrump According to you, 10,000 random people who don't know what voter fraud is recorded 300 instances of voter fraud, each.
not even random. Ppl that have an agenda and were grasping at straws for any evidence regardless how lame.
Who cares! I voted for you and you're embarrassing everyone especially yourself! I'm done defending you! You whine so much
@Trump_Regrets @realDonaldTrump Why oh why did you vote for him? Make up by supporting a Dem for House and Senate
It was a mistake I will not make again if it keeps going the way it is.
If there are 3 million illegal votes, we should have a do-over on the election.
Oh! There's a thought! I'm down!
voter fraud is a threat to our democracy - and you're listening to this amateur ?
More votes for you coming up!  Disenfranchisement of all but angry white guys on the way!  Thanks @Jack & @SteveBannon
You suck as POTUS!! Can't wait until you're impeached!!
WHY are you looking at voter fraud? The GREATEST FRAUD is your own staff's BETRAYAL. #StopPresidentBannon
You spend more time talking about you that we get left behind. open your eyes.
You are proof that evolution CAN go in reverse.
you are a joke Don #ACLU
Poor 45, still delusional
LIAR. FOOL.
where is your proof? Liar
wow!
What color is the atmosphere in your world. #realitycheck
come on man! Don't take MY vote for you away!!
You are unbelievable.  Why does this matter to you so much?  YOU WON!  Be a gentleman and let Hillary have the popular vote
you won Donald!  Stop it.  Figure out how to bolster our cyber security.  Get people looking at digital media manipulation!
why does it matter. You won. I voted for you and that's what matters
including your daughter and her partner and half your campaign team all registered in two states?
let's re do the election Donnie
Could you please stop this nonsense? Please? #sorewinner #NotMyPresident #GetOverIt
And I'm sure that they'll have "proof"
We can afford a 25 billion wall and this investigation but not health insurance for all? You want too suppress votes!
out of the 3mil illegal votes how many goes to Hilary?
Yes, I myself was a candidate and had no insight into legitimacy of votes cast but together we move on for the future!!
You're so silly. And sad. You're so sad. Such a loser. We never had such a loser in the White House. No winning here #MAGA
Liar!
I find it funny. you found exactly 3 mil illegal votes isn't that the number Hillary beat you with in the popular vote?
What's wrong with you?? Still harping on numbers facts that you cannot change??
again...when will u lead the country. u won. How can u keep this crazy stuff up? Very sad!
Yes... We should repeat the election in May!
- yes, better at finding REAL evidence to support your insane, unfounded claims.
I’m sorry I didn’t get that – I don’t speak idiot.
You are the reason people are blind
this paltry attempts to confuse the country with your "alternative facts" will not work.
You couldn't run business, now you going to look worse fool you don't have a clue
are we going to have to wait for the evidence on this as long as we are for your taxes that you said you would show us!
You're an accident waiting to happen...it's a good thing I didn't wait that long
Let the investigation run its course before you go tweeting numbers. When you have proof of the real numbers, then tweet.
- stay the course POTUS!!
making decisions without EVER being a politician makes it easy to make mistakes remember that
HaHaHaHa! Such an idiot.
 alternative fact right?
So, Donito, I hear you're going to order a "major investigation into voter fraud" even after you've been made aware...
of  investigation after investigation after investigation that shows absolutely no statistically meaningful voter fraud AT ALL! How many...
...millions is this investigation going to cost us, for information WE ALREADY KNOW? I have an idea – if you’re so convinced that voter...
..fraud is a thing, why don’t you pay for it, out of your own pocket, UP FRONT? (worth Billion$, right?) If there’re anything significant...
...findings, we’ll gladly reimburse you. Or better yet, why don’t you also order a side-by-side investigation into VOTER SUPPRESSION?...
...I think you’ll have more luck getting significant results with that one rather than wasting our money on a FOOL’s errand!...
...In other words, put your MONEY where your MOUTH is!! And then STFU!
I'm guessing that votes not for you would be considered illegal? Get over yourself
how many r currently in Congress that did not really win?
Please, keep talking. I always yawn when I am interested.
what the hell are you talking about? The Russians helped you! You are not my President.
Love this! I knew there had to be illegal votes for Hillary to win the popular vote! she didn't win!!!!!
Liar.
Hey Decompensating Vlonald! @realDonaldTrump @FakeConaldFrump @greggphillips is a discredited loser under multiple investigations.
@GraggQuinton Kellyanne said 18 million. But that could be a alternative number. Can't remember
18 million dead ppl registered.
insisting this is true, against all facts to the contrary is a sign of weakness not strength. SAD
Little man, the biggest fake is you. You're so delusional, I think you believe yourself. You want respect? EARN IT!
Yeah and that's how you won
Really? For you?
get over it Loser!  Your just like a 6 yr old cry baby that is throwing a fit because he cant get his way #DTSUCKS
If there was massive voter fraud as you claim, we demand that you stop governing until we know you actually won.
your a fraud
are we going to have to wait for the evidence on this as long as we are for your taxes that you said you would show us!
LIAR!
Fuck this bullshit. How about being a President instead of a whiny brat?
Stop the lie b4 it comes out. And Stop wasting taxpayers' money with ur delusions.
isn't ~3M what HIllary Clinton won the popular vote by? Interesting....
and you will be humiliated AGAIN!!!

but they also said ur daughter was registered in two states... Cant leave her out of it...
what a coincidence that 3 million votes is the no that you LOST the popular vote to Hilary Clinton by!
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
"alternative facts" that you will blame on Philips when he cannot prove your theory.
You said the Vote was rigged,Now prove you are the legitimate President!3 elections won by less than 1million you lost by 3
Delete your account
Have you considered that these illegal votes were all yours to begin with? Hillary will end up with 3-5 million more votes.
liar
#myUSA
Either evidence or a delusion. It is a fact or fiction.
Show the evidence for 3,000,000 illegal votes or move on.
So Hilary won by 6 million now?
Plot twist... what if the 3,000,000 illegal votes were for Trump and he lost the popular vote AND the electoral vote? @realDonaldTrump
keep living that fantasy.  Mine counted. I am 67.  #MBA, #JOURNEYMANelectriciam #Christian
wrong! Sad!
used car salesmen thinks he can sell anything2every1. not gonna happen. Your results will b meaningless @johnmccain2016
Did we ever see these results?
Do U actually believe ur lies...U the one that gives #FakeNews
give it up Trump. The world has eyes. Lol... altho your insecurity makes for some good laughs.
haha. Be careful. Good chance they were all votes for you. Nothing else is going to explain the worst decision in history

illegal voting like your daughter?
yes we must do better, give HRC 3 million majority still look who we r stuck with. 
Dumpster trump
it's amazing that you claim that the exact amount you lose by is the same amount of illegal votes.
Well you shouldnt have putin friends voted for you. So wrong Mr President Elect..
You stare at frozen juice cans because they say, 'concentrate'.
based on absolutely zero evidence. I can't believe you are even following this crap. You don't deserve the title President
the only votes that were wrong were the ones for you
Liar
They better launch a special commission for CA, NY, WA, OR.
you aren't in touch with reality. Most disappointing .
Perhaps you should speak to your son in law and youngest daughter about being registered to vote in more than one state.
lie, pathological mirroring, gaslighting, projective identification, diversion, playing the victim, feigned innocence
Yo mama so ugly she scared the crap out of the toilet
You're so fake that Barbie is more real than you.
That is a scam with no validity what- so-ever!!!!
You are the greatest accident mother nature has ever encountered
Delete your account.
