Great job Mr president
التوكل.على.الله
Very disappointed with you. I voted for you thinking you supported the lower class, NOW I SEE YOU DONT, TRYING TO CUT SOC SEC AND MEDICAID!!
If you don't mind, I, respectfully, would like to know what Trump said or did that convinced you to vote for him.
Promised jobs, it was a mistake
But Clinton promised jobs too...
Yes, but Hillary promised actual jobs, moving forward with the times, not bringing back jobs from fantasy land that have long been obsolete.
Actually she promised to preserve coal mining and spent a year selling fracking. Also her record of lying rivals Trump's.

Are schools other than Christian ones welcomed to @WhiteHouse? Public schools? Atheist/agnostic schools? Muslim schools?
I sure hope not..
Today, I welcomed the Victory Christian Center School. Good luck @ the Team America Rocketry Challenge! #TARC Watch… htt...
i'm glad you're my pres. I think you're doing a great job
good work president may you Make America great for world to watch
I agree with Dev,
7
President Donald J Trump why is your daughter Ivanka promoting the LGBTQ?, She is undermining The morality of your presidency.
Blacks for trump
you have carrot skin and your hair is a mop
I guess these bright students are coons too?
Does Ivanka know you're playing president and sitting in her chair again???
Do you need an urgent loan today??

Email or call frankdavisloanfirm@yahoo.com

Or call +17538492301 For more info about the loan
Great story, Great Job,
Thank for recognizing the youthful achievements
Al
川普，你怎么不去吃屎，you，eat shit
I don't know how the students' rocket, the Trump, did in the competition the next day. Veered wildly, spun madly, and did not go far?
America best of word
Is Wonder Woman Ivanka part of the school team now too, I suppose? WHY is she there?!
Yeah Christians
Donald Trump，you are very good. I can't agree more that you are marvellous.
Christains  re been treated bad in the world now from the hand of Islam.  Christian countries should not sit on they fence and watch them

The another face that many do not want  show from Mr. Trump.
#MillionTrumpMarch

http://m.me/CosaNosaHitt 
God bless you and your family Mr.President.
Why can't you ever show a clip of you listening to someone like a normal person? U R a maniac with manic logorrhea. (Means you're nuts)
Heart warming
Love our President!!
Run Kids Run
WHAT, Black Kids in the white house NEAR Trashy Trump! #PublicityStunt
Yet another Photo Op?? Won't you EVER get tired of USING people for your OWN personal GAINS???
#ResistMAKEAMERICAGREATRESIGN
I wish there were Christian Schools that were free for the public so every parent would be able to send their child regardless of income
Trump, I got your back !! Chapeau !! Go Trump !! You are the best President ever !!
Why did you lock all of the drawers, take off your watch and give your wallet to Bannon after you peeked into the room?
what a waste of good Brains  these brilliant students   would make it  alone to have Trump in the picture sours the view
If you are Chirstians why are you with pure evil?
#ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #Treason #ObstructionOfJustice #Dictator
I have wondered for years if Christians were less intelligent than the general population.  After this tweet, I no longer wonder.

老川普总统，不能让中国共产党在美国为所欲为
Nope, this is still the top story.
See:"Naked Carolina" at http://www.spankingfit.com/   #health #medicine #fitness #sex
恳请川普总统关注纽约华人郭文贵先生和家人的生命安全，因郭先生揭露了中国政府贪腐酷刑等严重侵犯人权的丑闻，他正遭到来自中国政府的死亡威胁，中国政府为封杀他的言论正在采取一切手段预谋刺杀郭先生。恳请总统先生阻止这种破坏新闻言论自由侵害人权的行为在美国境内发生，谢谢！
不要指望空心菜了，台湾公民都保护不了，大陆庇护申请人竟然遣返。不要相信台湾政府。
谁让你心系民国了？要心系行动。夸夸其谈的，都是扯犊子。
留过了，我推特上有他。我的所有转发都会进他推特。白宫的两个情愿也签过了。
Amen. This is Awesome. I Love our President and ALL HE Is Doing. I'm behind Him 100%.
This is probably the first time you've ever been this physically close to African American youth. You're such an opportunist
So nice to have Christianity back in the WH, after 8 years of the devil dancing on our rights, laws, and liberty.
My garden could do with a new rockery.
PresidentTrump will defeat the negative campaign of his political opponents and WORKas have try regardless of OBSTRUCTIONS for AmericaFirst.

Just recognizing Christian schools ehh? So sad that there are other types of schools and you and Betsy could care less!
Must make regulation restricting time senators and representatives may serve congress similar to FDR's 8 yr presidency plan.
Stay away from children. Deport yourself! #ResignNow
God bless
You're going to miss that desk, aren't you? I've never seen a president do that much sitting behind the desk.
Wow, it's good to see my sisters and brothers. Trump tends to not be in the company of my people. Congratulations everyone!
jUST TELL THE DEMOCRATS TO STOP THEIR CRAP (IN ANICER WAY) THEN PLS REPEAL 100% OBAMACARE, PUT IN TAX REFORMS ETC.DONTLET THEM WIN
NICE GUY TRUMP IS OVER, WHERE DEMOCRATS ARE CONCERNED. THE STUPID GOP NEEDS TO RALLY AROUND POTUS& STOP DILLY-DALLYING!.
Stay strong Mr President we are with you
Without Ivanka on your lap it loses impact. @IvankaTrump
@blackrepublican @POTUS will help Blacks AND everyone else @MAGA 
where's Kid Rock at?
Separation of church and state... sound familiar?
Why is your daughter in this picture?
Go with them......please
Hello, I am a Saudi citizen. Trump. We are honored to come to you, but never forget your daughter, Ivanka
Take a look in thr mirror. You are a terrible President.
This was so sweet I loved it
You don't believe in religion. Huge liar. Lmao
Thats one pic I would pass on.
photo ops amount to NOTHING! what have you done for these kids? we'll soon find out what you're taking away from them w/tax cuts! #Dunce
he only shook the hands of the male students im trigggered grrrrrrr what a sexist
these poor kids....they are blind to knowing that he is anti christ.....#resist
AF
Uhh.... yeah that's not a real school.
Why do you sit your lazy fat ass behind your desk for all your photo ops?
Learn some respect for those being recognized with a WH visit.
Shut down all the press briefings. The media is nonsense and disturbing.
Photo op nothing more and nothing less we know the Donald doesn't like black people  woman, christians or education
You're a fake, 100% the BEST FAKE that ever happened to the USA.
Praise the Lord
I'm a Christian but please stop trying to push religion through the White House. Fundamental Christians aren't the only people in the here
Yes great trump
Oh? Too bad for them.
Still won't stand for guests....Ms. Manners has a book you need....tick tock, won't be long now...
Hey trump... Resign please!
#realDonaldTrump looks disgusting sitting AT that desk! You DONT DESERVE THAT SEAT UR an embarrassment #impeachTrumpnow #ImpeachTrumpPence
"It better work." I love that line! Thumbs up Mr. President!
CONQUERS ALL!!! That's MY TRUMPSTER
How great this moment is celebrating  all these people brilliant truly are. And whose abilities will sky rocket once again! God Bless them!
Go to hell, you moronic troll. You are disgraceful
Look at those fools, their parents should be ashamed.
Gross
PRESIDENT TRUMP PLEASE FIRE ALL OF OBAMAS LEFTOVERS! SHUTTING DOWN THE GOVERNMENT IN SEPTEMBER SHOULD HAPPEN TO DRAIN THE FRIGGIN DEEP SWAMP
Too bad (or maybe a good thing) that those young people have no idea that you care ABSOLUTELY NOTHING about them. What a fraud!
Love it!  Ty Brother....
MAI GÓDI, QUE HOMEM RACISTA, PRENDA -O
Maybe your weasel is Obama. He may have bugged the White House b4 he left. Only makes since. Take heed investigate!
How wonderful a picture with the greatest President in our nations history.
Greg Laurie & Dr. Dobson loved it! Greg said he had such a great time!
http://doitbig.co.uk/exposed-the-greatest-puppet-show-on-earth/ …
Do you have anything nice to say about these Kids @ChuckRallis cause thats what this video is about.
Awesome!
How about you Liberals for ONCE twt about the acutally story! This is about these smart KIDS. Not the place 4 your constant BS about Trump.
When are you going to give equal time and attention to other religious schools? The DC Muslim school has a great mathematics team.
PREDICTION:

Trump will be impeached
Pence will pardon Trump
Trump & Melania will fly off into the sunset, later seen relaxing at Mar-A-Lago
Luck? They are well funded. You need to wish luck to the millions of kids who can't afford private/charter schools. #FUND PUBLIC EDUCATION
did you had a concoction when you were a kid
So awesome; from my neck of the woods!! What an awesome group of youth from a great school!! 

Only the ignorant support Trump. #Hypocrites #ImpeachTrump
this too is being blocked.
A lot more diverse than your Twitter banner.  Shame.
Canada First Supports Biafra First 
We have Connections on Twitter in Biafra ,Beautiful People live there 
Very sad Politics happening there
How about some public school students?  Give them something to strive toward.
where would Jesus grab 'em?
It was about them not you. So sad
Do you know what separation and church means?
STOP SHOWING OFF 
Resign.
