I voted for you, but I an over 50 and live paycheck to paycheck and from what I have seen your health care plan is going to make my insurance higher than it is now. The age tax. This is not going to help me but make it harder for me to maintain my insurance.
And to which victory are you referring?  Last I checked, your alleged health care "plan" was augering into oblivion...
Victory?
For who?
#25thAmendmentNow
This is your failure and a failure for your party.  Try and act like a man and own it.
Yea fine what's your problem. Go to the doctors
how dare u blackmail 32 mil w/ HC. JUST MOVE 2 RUSSIA ALREADY! & take ur freak show w/ u.
You obviously did not read the bill. It is a disaster. Be grateful it did not reach your desk for signature. A few rep saved your ass & 
Sorry, what victory?
Is this what you and Putin discussed in your secret meeting?
Wow,the Fake News media did everything in its power to make the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible.Fa...
its a horrible plan. Why is rape a "pre-existing" condition but erectile dysfunction is not.
AHCA doesn't make rape a pre-existing condition.  Dozens of fact checkers have already addressed this.
Well let me pick another 1... Hummm
Sure, all I ask is you pick something true.
Well how about not firing flynn. There are tons we can pick from. #draintheswamp
You don't think they should have?
It shld have been done immediately.. Not 18 days later. I think its bigger than Flynn. Cover up
Why exclude some republicans and all democrats from providing input? Why hide it from the people it affects?
If it's so good why did they exempt themselves from it? Why try to vote on it without a CBO score?
You really need a mental health work up. #25thAmendmentNow
Wow FAKE PRESIDENT making noise again!
Glad we have the fake news to keep us informed if our fake president Trump care sucks
Bro
.@realDonaldTrump, the bill drastically cuts Medicaid, which you campaigned against. Is your staff lying to you? Are they on your side?
They did not succeed.  We trust the Republicans in the Senate (except McCain and Graham, of course).
Tony you are the loudest
The losers always holler the loudest I think you're doing a great job mr. POTUS keep up the good work just put on a thicker skin .
I heard on TV today Republicans say they won't pass ur HC bill until after 2018 election watch out people they w/b voted n & pass their crap
no sir u know the media didn't have 2 tell people what u took out of ur ins people r smart they can read & they w/find out truth
You have carrot skin and your hair is a mop.
Republican Health care is #TRUMPDONTCARE
Please just block me already why isn't any of this working
When are you going to sign Trumpcare into law and definitively tell Americans to "get ready to go bankrupt and die" when they fall sick?
You are the Fake News! Trumpcare is better for the insurance providers and the rich!
it is bad really bad ur not for the people well may for rich people but not us whts up with tht
将来报道上出了偏差。。。
At least Obamacare wasn't pushed through like it was some sort of race.
You're an orange assclown. Shut up!
Here would be a big story:  Trump designates a number of oil wells to pay for healthcare and provide for the disabled and poor.
Look, everything works better on a smaller scale. Why not allow states to furnish healthcare for their citizens. Smaller scale works.
wow you are bad at taking criticism - #badleader
says the fake lying so-called president lol
President Trump-WILL you help our veterans buy their cancer drugs-to quality you CANNOT make more than $38,000. Please raise to $75,000
So our Veterans can fight this horrible disease-they need this increase to buy  meds-otherwise drugs are too expensive-$7,000 a mo. or more
Fake news stinks
http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/full-list-donald-trump-s-rapidly-changing-policy-positions-n547801 … 141 "different" stances Trump took on the issues in 2016
You're a lying pile of shit and I hate you  https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/now-trump-is-considering-an-insane-move-on-obamacare?utm_source=vicefbus …
They failed another loss
Wow if I said I agree with you this time will you be considered as an China spy?
The only thing fake is your skin tone!!!
Far better.If u implemented this plan "FAR"away from USA it would be better, "FAR BETTER" @JoyAnnReid @IvankaTrump #ANTITRUMPMVMT #resist
Chump won't be happy until every American is 6 foot under , unless they have billions of dollars.
Fake news fake news fake news fake news fake news fake news. 

What else is there? 

Oh, more fake news, apparently.
Elaborate
So, what can you do?
We know that you are a liar and that whenever you feel threatened by the media, you call it "fake news." This tweet is a validation of that.
Just fix ACA by placing caps on premiums/meds. Prices shld b based on incomes. ACA is fine except 4 what I quoted. Ur's sucks!
Only bc it will make ur friends & u richer. Seniors & poor will lose ins. But u don't give a damn!
Not if you're just under 65, have pre-existing and need current subsidy to afford it. Those "savings" don't exist for the 5x$ group.
Please have restraint because you have so many deranged socialists who should move to Venezuela out to get you
I'm really tired of fake news media, they are working relentlessly to destroy & demean everything what Trump organization is trying to do!
They are like chink in the chain!!!  Asking so many questions that's rediculous, bcoz the way their mind work tend to have the negative
connotation based on their own assumptions by trying to play mind & guessing games so they appeared to look intelligent but they are way too
shallow & judgemental.  Airing & blaming & point fingers to the whole world to see how stupid Americans are fighting within their own people
They should go live in N Korea & some other countries like China or Middle East where these kind of behaviors will not be tolerated without
some kind of consequences to it!  So tired of this fake news media BS!
They are draining my energy!  Perhaps their purpose is projecting this really bad intentions to influence & mislead the mass populations to
hate Trump & his Adm by spreading all kind of malicious gossips that is hurtful, untrue, & trying to hinder his work from progressing!
Keep fighting sir..I stand with you..I believe you will prevail
Please do tell how it is better than obama care?you do not care about anyone except the wealthy.
No its not.  You would have signed into law bandages for cancer as long as it wasn't Affordable Health Care.
It's only better for politicians. Of course you don't have the mental capability to understand that.
HEY SINGLE-PAYER UNIVERSAL HEALTH CARE WOULD BE PERFECT. bet those coal miners would agree that you fucked over huh
Did you secretly add a public option?  That will make the ACA better.
You are SO jealous of Obama!! Lol... it's eating you up. That should take a while, as huge as you are.
Execept for all the poor people that will be fucked. The spray tan is getting to your head.
Fake news sucks
24 million Americans left without health care is not really a victory to anyone except a F**khead...which you are.
Do you want us to go throw some eggs on your behalf? Or bricks? Cause we'll do it. Just say the word. We're family. 
You deserve the chance to vent, Mr President! We're here for you. I just wish everyone would stop picking on you so much. It must hurt. 
Just state'n the facts

Julian Assange invited FBI director to work with WikiLeaks
And none of the people complaining had even read the health bill! LOL they're so transparent..seems their goal is to disrupt by fake reports
You are a Heartless man with no conscious to leave so many millions possibly without Healthcare and call it a Good thing.
Far better because you get to make money off the deaths of Americans?
Grow up Donny. The Republicans have been doing the same thing about Obama care. That is politician's occupation. That is how they survive.
Better   O-Care than  No-Care.
Better for who?
Because the bill you all put forth is a bunch of horse crap
To bad you can't fire those idiots.
I see you've shortened Obamacare to Ocare. 
If you weren't aware, ACA, its actual name, is only 3 digits long.
Time to boycott the evil fake media 
lol the #FakePresident is responsibly tweeting again #weakman #smallhands
Most of us Deplorables don't even listen to them anyways.
Obamacare is better! Sorry!
It's a disaster and you're all lying about the coverage
#salt
End the fake news MSM news conferences.
Mr. President, Please, you must care for our poor,disabled,elderly and veternans if you want to be considered a great president.   PLEASE!
Healthcare needs to cover everything for everyone.Single payer and non-profit!
No you celebrated too early and once again looked foolish
So any news that does not agree with you is fake news??? You really should be ashamed of yourself.
Recon you should refer to '0bamascare'  as '0' care...
We [every American] will HOLD YOU TO THAT PROMISE.

Is that what MT hopeful G Gianforte told you as SolutionReady CEO-Cloud Based Medical Billing tecnology. Tsk tsk..ur loyalties r showing!
Why ... because they told the truth. The facts speak for themselves.
yeah far better tax cut for the super rich!
Have to check it out here soon hope it works for myself and others the same, ( Health Care)
Because it's garbage. Every health organization and retirement agency calls it crap 
Still not as promised. Paul Ryan & Songbird McVain stabbed POTUS & the citizens of the USA in the back. Need new speaker
I don't think the media had to do a whole lot - it's shameless to celebrate a bill that hurts so many Americans.
Just keep winning!
Please tell America we dont care about Comey.  Just replace him with someone better.
Can't be you are still surprised after all they have done already.
Unless you get sick, that is.
OCare never worked except 4 those w/qualified 4govt subsidies due 2no or low income What about rest of us? That's what elite Libs don't get
ADMIT IT - YOUR HEALTHCARE PLAN IS THE WORST THING EVER!!!!
Not better than Obama care. Obama care took a lot of planning and thought. Yours was pushed through by threats. No comparison.
If anybody is fake it is you, get out of the whitehouse you are not anything but a LIAR.
Better only for the very rich. Horrible for the majority. Guess you don't care. Sad
...unless you have a preX then, well, yeah - you're either broke or dead.
Did you read it?
It is worse! Wake up. Get out of republican pockets like you promised!!
#puppet
you were quoted in a story by @TheNextWeb
Just. Stop. #ResistTrump #resist #WorstPresidentEver #ImpeachTrump
Fake News! The bill hasn't been passed yet by the senators. It's unlikely to happen. 
ACA had issues because GOP screwed it up (at least in part)...GOP plan yanked coverage and is awful for mental health treatment.your failure
Because they and everyone else knows trumpcare is a disaster and you don't care about Americans, only lining your pockets!
You are a plethora of preexisting conditions and wouldn't be covered under your plan, just like you wouldn't qualify for Trump University
No, you big orange freak, it is not better. #fakenews
No such thing as Fake news
rupub bill is better than Ocare like being shot is better than burning to death
Only if you're rich and have no pre existing conditions.
But is the "fake media/news" as fake as your administration/tan/life?!!
Du bist ein hurensohn
Better in what way?  Better for whom? THE WEALTHY!!!
Requiring coverage of pre-existimg conditions is a MUST and I'm not talking about subsidies to States to assist.  Hope Trump didn't lie!!!!
Far better for the rich thieves in our White House
Wow, you almost believe your own bullshit! It doesn't always work. Can you teach me how to be a good bullshitter please.
How are you sir I like you very much
The only way to make this 'repeal and replace" fiasco leave is to get RID of insurance co. Single payer only.  Oh right, Insurance lobbyists
W/o it, me (and many others) will be forced to go on Medicaid. I am only 30. Oh wait you are killing Medicaid too...
you have ruined healthcare in America! You will go down in history as the rapist of America. America is not a TV show!
Aca IS bad. That's why. It's half baked and completely able to curdle. Think about your policies before blaming your potential voters
We don't listen to them or watch them that's why we get the facts from you
Yup, far better at raising insurance premiums and kicking people off insurance plans.
A bill isn't a law....did you take civics class?
No it truly is that bad. Nothing you've done is anywhere close to as good as Obama
we love you P. Trump.. hang in there.
Perhaps because there IS no Republican Healthcare victory?
