Where's the weekly address where you finally, officially inform Americans that #Russia launched a cyber attack against our election
That was Obama's job...OMG stop whining
Pass the buck here
Make more excuses
As a trump supporter you're getting to be an expert at it
A grown up takes responsibility for their actions, admits when they are wrong and doesn't blame others. It called personal responsibility
Yes
Trump is not one of those people
Because YOU don't like him? That's your opinion and you're entitled however that opinion changes nothing!!! Only makes things worse
Did he admit he was wrong about Russia being the ones to attack the election and it wasn't China or some guy in NJ?
Did you miss where he said it could be anyone. Hewssnt President, Obama was. Obama knew about it but chose to keep quiet as to not hurt
I don't blame you or the republicans if health care does not pass.  I know you are trying. The obstructionist democrats are to blame.

Könntest dich ja mal zur Abwechslung mit dem Schwarzen beschäftigen die von euer  getötet worden sind! (Part 1)
Oder aber du setzt dich mit der Kritik der Medien auseinander anstatt sie "Fake News" zu nennen! Das ist KLEINKINDER-Niveau! (Part 2)
Weekly Address #KatesLaw #NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct Statement: http://45.wh.gov/htqSZH  ...
AMEN ,! GOOD JOB PRESIDENT TRUMP 
This would be better if you had a stroke midway through

Yes
You are NOT well. PLEASE seek professional psychiatric HELP!
Love you man!
You look like a talking sphincter.

Shut up!




Reminder: you haven't insulted Megyn Kelly for a while now. Time for a 'presidential' tweet about her looks!
Megan does her own damage to herself! No need! BAHAHAHAHA BAHAHAHAHA BAHAHAHAHA
I can't stand to hear Trump talk, because I know, when he opens his mouth, he's LYING.
Kate will never be forgotten 
I have finally realized what you are, Donald. You are nothing.
You are an emptiness- of intellect, compassion, decency, empathy, purpose.
You need to get a life
Medical prescription prices should b regulated like usury laws. Paid @ CVS $78.99 for glaucoma eye drops. discovered Costco price $8.91.
#MAGA
The bots are out in force huh
If you take Federal funds away from NY, #TheResistance will fight you every step
#NoBanNoWallNoRaids
The name TRUMP will be DIRT
#BigotTrump
Listen up #TraitorTrump
#TheResistance says NO to your bigoted policies
And your wannabe mobster threats wont work
#TrumpCrimeFamily
#Resign
Good idea!  #NoSanctuaryForCriminals would mean an occupier of the Oval Office would not be shielded from legal proceedings while president!



大川普，早上好

Enjoy Camp David!
Did anyone else nearly scroll past this tweet thinking it was another Harry Potter tweet?


Bet presidential....
sure
Clearly , T fears @morningmika and @JoeNBC more than Putin.
"Oh Donnie, you're evil, just like your fake-uncle, Roy Cohn. He'd be proud of you, but I think he's burning in hell." - Signed, Mother
How do we know you're lying?  Your lips are moving....
Hurry up and resign.
'weekly address':
These Trump supporters calling him a great president is just cringey.
Why do you always look like you are straining to take a dump?
Fuck you.
U don't like Kate's law?
If Trump posted about ice cream and puppies I'd still tell him to go fuck himself. The subject is irrelevant.
U seem upset
You seem dumb
You seriously need a new director for these little propaganda videos. Weird. Looks like some Jr. High student did it.
what immigrant in their right mind would be "for tRUMP"
#fake .......You must have no friends....rightly so.
God blessed President Trump.
Yea to bad he didnt know what to do with that blessing ,now God has a special place for trump &  its not with the angels #KatesLaw
These weekly address videos are very poorly made. Work harder! #maga
Thought you were supposed to be some sort of social media world leader? Big disappointment IMO!
Democrats know all about disappointments! Hillary
Bernie
Special elections
Dude... You're nuts AND going to prison!! Have fun #BenedictArnold #25thAmendmentNow #FreeMelania #AHCAKills #TrumpRussia
Love it!!! The left is soooo desperate! Look at this ridiculous tweet, lol
Actually it's shocking that his supporters still can't understand what's going on. I'm genuinely interested why. Willful Ignorance? Too hard
You are truly amazing Mr Trump wish there was more leaders like you in the world
There are thats why the world is so fucked up today lying dishonest criminals in power trump at top of list#Kate's Law
Assasinate Trump now!
Never
Proudly representing the worst of America.
Worst of humanity you mean.  He's living proof that evolution is far from over.
Congratulations, you're saying that breaking the law, endangering proper citizens, and letting non-citizens vote is more humanitarian. :)
That makes no sense.
To you.

@EmmaEmailyn why yu suspended on Muslims Amrica
EXCELLENT !!!
Trump is an embarrassment for the country & World. Americans are immigrating to another country because of Trump. The World hate Trump
About time this country wakes up thank you mr President

#25thAmendment
#25thAmendmentNow

#RowdyPrez gives his weekly LIES...
TY pres trump for keeping your promise to protect USA from illegal criminals. 
can we trust a man who has phony pictures hanging n his club houses or read his bill ourselves & c he is trying 2 make self look good
A bullshit president sending out bullshit tweets to his uninformed followers.
Who the hell listens to your weekly addresses!  Oh... that's right....
You look like a spoiled child at his birthday party with your arms crossed like that - it makes you look weak
Love my President 6
someone kill him already please.
All you had to do was say "Hey, look what we did, we are improving some shit." Instead you turned #KatesLaw into #AllAboutTrump bullshit.
Time tobring outour differences and lay on table to solve them thengo home after passing Bills toMAGA! Everyone knows what needs to be done!
Trump should stop looking for something/people to blame for everything that goes wrong. you do not have to blow someone candle light yours.
My President!
Go do squat thrusts on a fire hydrant.
Who & Why would I want to listen to you lie. You look in that camera & TRY TO CONVINCE American PEOPLE your doing great things - well NOT
#KatesLaw #MAGA 
I have to mute you when you speak.  Your speaking and voice are so nauseating.  Gross.
Put the impeachment in front of him in a hurry

I'm pretty sure you're only going by a memo given to you & didn't read any of it. Your presidency is like your acquired wealth both are fake
Thank you Mr. President! #MAGA
Show your taxes, you fraud!
More Fkn LIES! You LYIN CHEATIN STEALIN AHOLE!
Save lives? You are fucking taking away health care from millions of people. How are you saving them?
Look at the camera next time, not the teleprompter..

About time it got pass
Booooooo boooooo
Ne diyor bu
THANK YOU SO MUCH. We must protect those who are unable to protect themselves.  Time for "GOOD SAMARITANS" to take a stand for may others
Thank You! You're working hard every day for the American People!  
It is appreciated! 

#MyPresident
#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct .  That's brave.    .....Where will you go?
U can see disdain, hatred in his face,but we hate u too!!
If he was deported 5 times then @ICEgov. Did their job properly according to the law. Bad example.No law works 100% of the time.
Good 1st step in sweeping out the trash Obama turned a blind eye and left the nation vulnerable
So Presidential! #Trump2020
God Bless you, President Trump and may God Bless America again with you at the helm!#MAGA I pray for you and your entire family every day'
weekly address..aka rich white people talking about how to screw everyone else in the limited time you remain potus
Week display of a greasy orange old man.
Your make up is hideous and the rank amature production of these ridiculous weekly addresses is getting worse!
Que
#GasLighting
The ONLY #fakepresident and #fraudpresident is YOU t-rump-a$$...your day is coming...hopefully sooner than later.
Bae have you had a facelift this week? #lookingood
Jail any governor that harbors illegal aliens. #SanctuaryCities
Such a great thing U done with getting this bill in. So proud to call U my President. America first.God bless the President
You are pretty bad at this job, dude.

TAXES! show us your taxes or are you the LIAR.  Bold Face Liar.

Facing the fear and the uncertainty, a book that demolishes walls and myths. Read it by going to http://www.ilegaleslibro.com 
Shut up, Orange Man.
You, sir, with all lack of respect possible, you are destroying this country and making it way less safe. ASS
Really. By making US residents afraid to deal with police is going to save lives? Mmm?
So wonderful. Spoke 3+ mins w >substance than BHO did in 20+ mins. POTUS made pers ref 8 times. Refreshing to have him lead us forward
no sanctuary for criminal acts? Does that include treason?
Awww...did Donnie practice his address.  Did an adult write it for you? You're focusing so hard on those bigly words.
MUST SEE
Don't care to listen to one word you say. All you do is lie. Cheat.steal.#resist

Yes!
What a fucking dude!
Pass the funding for planned parenthood - that will save womens lives but I forgot - women don't count
xoxo

We got your back
President Trump
Liar again. You probably never read my tweets but it releases my anger. You are a dictator. Time to impeach. It will be soon.
#tweetthisnotthat
What are you going to lie about today?
Maybe they should lock up your mouth and Twitter hand instead of illegal aliens.
No need to watch a film about a dystopian future America. This 3 minute clip shows me the dystopia is now.
Right because only immigrants kill there has never been an American killer
Blah, blah, blah.
You're a shallow, meaningless, sad orange empty nut sack, a phony republican, and aging drag queen
thats right
Go Trumpcare!
Let's see those taxes, comrade fear monger.
Roblox
cool guy!
Planet X 2ed Sun chemtrails Radiation Antarctica America been sold as slaves to jews & islam is fighting take us even further into slavery
Damn straight Donny. The US loves immigrants but the ILLEGAL ones. ILLEGAL is the key word. Read the whole book folks. Not just the cover
So, basically, the KLANS for Criminals Act, amiright? (Kate’s Law and No Sanctuary for Criminals Act).  Very you. Very @USAGSessions
More potus FLAKE news.  Wish I could find the off switch for potus channel 45. #showusyourtaxreturns
So Donald....Where you gonna run to?
Made me cry. FINALLY, someone in the presidency who is speaking common sense amidst so much insensible reason that we have been confused by.
Please do a full court press conference ASAP.  Monday would work, thanks
And stop hiding behind FOX'S apron. Show us you're in control and answer all questions until the press hasn't anymore.
Get your money back on those teeth.
What? Just when I thought it was impossible to get any more red....your face is straining from the weight of lies it carries. You look fake
They'd better take care of business... their jobs are on the line... we promise them !!!
Wear sunscreen.
Trump suffers from severe brain dysfunction

So then when are we deporting you? You've committed countless criminal acts or should we just wait until the FBI gets you for treason?
I say no sanctuary for Trump. You are like those criminals
Aren't you a criminal too @realDonaldTrump ? Can we send you to some other country???
#25thAmendmentNow
Have you reported Trump's violence to https://Twitter.com  ? 
       @jules_su @realDonaldTrump   
       https://twitter.com/JolietJake420/status/881623322877992964/video/1 …

What about the other 12,999 Americans who are killed by guns each year mostly by non Hispanics ?
You are a fake person.
Amy Siskind's Trump week in review. Chronicling the on-going train wreck. https://medium.com/@Amy_Siskind/week-33-experts-in-authoritarianism-advise-to-keep-a-list-of-things-subtly-changing-around-you-so-a9315863b6cd …
