Funny, if you had a good plan getting the votes would be a non issue. You can't get 50 in a Rep controlled Senate. Time for a good bill
GET RID OF D.A.C.A.  BUILD THAT WALL  MR. PRESIDENT .
Filibuster prevents tyrants like you and the emasculated sheep, majority of Republicans, that follow them from intimidating other lawmakers
"I don't like this game. I can't win if we don't change the rules!" 
Dear @HouseGOP . If you ever want to run for president later, you have to vote now NO to Healtcare, to show you have more balls than @POTUS
No.
You can't change the rules to suit your wishes. What happens when Dems regain Congress? You lose!
We will get rid of you
Heck off

Nah. Let's talk about getting rid of you!  #resist #TheResistance
It's there to protect against authoritarian rule. #SchoolTrump
No. #TheFailingDonaldTrump
We don't want Obamacare make McCain take the same policies we are stuck with
You really dont like democracy, do you Dotard?
Resign, Russian Traitor Man
It's gone..believe me
We need to get rid of the electoral college since they obviously called to do their job
You run  democracy OK making goods life

Get rid of you!!! #Loser
I can think of one thing we need to get rid of...

You are a lost cause, resign.
If you can't get the votes, there's a reason!Living longer with less expenses is the goal of a healthcare system! Thought you need a hint!
#DumpRyan

Thank goodness for the filibuster rule, it keeps #Dotards from having too much power!Work WITH @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats to fix healthcare
.@realdonaldtrump
Repeal and replace you! That would MAGA!
Yes, when the rules don't work in your favor, just change them!

Total loser
Easy way out, what happened to the so call Art of the deal. FAKE!
You FAILED. All you do is FAIL. All you'll ever do is FAIL because you have NO IDEA WHAT YOU'RE DOING. #DotardDonnie
No.
Saudi Arabia kills the Yemenies with amrican weapons.
I have a better idea, get rid of the entire constitution, it's only hinder you up... Then, freely shine your bigotry.
You failed at the wall, failed at defeating ISIS, failed at healthcare, You fail as President! Loser!
They did get rid of the filibuster rule and were still tripping over themselves. How about get rid of the morons running the show
ACA was designed to fail; Obama illegally stole billions from our SS trust. Repeal & restore public option; not socialistic single-payer.
I want a check for all of the money I paid in
Me to! He needs to have all pensions revoked for his treasonous crimes against the American people to repay stolen monies from our SS trust.
My hard earned money was given to Illegal Aliens and lazy jerks with "bad backs" It's all gone, squandered
Agreed! I think the majority of American patriots have worked hard while corrupt politicians squander our $ away for themselves & illegals.
Seriously, if I had a lump sum check for all the money I paid into Social Security since age 12, I could invest it myself and double it
Exactly. Now, we're  told we can't retire until 191 years old basically because they stole OUR $. 16A never intended to tax income.
Yet, gov't lines their pockets & hands it out freely to lazy bums, illegals & entitlement seekers.
Thank you President Trump, for fighting for all Americans!
Bahahahahaha saying it doesn't make it the truth
While the #USA grapples over Health Care I'm reminded it was Free in #Syria along with Education to the University Level B4 the US showed up
I too blame America each time Assad or his Russian sponsors bomb a hospital. Every Russian bomb hitting an ER makes me curse the Great Satan
If you cannot get things done with the rules you have, then you shouldn't be doing those vile things. You DON'T get to change rules to cram
THIS IS A FUCKING RUSSIAN TROLL ACCOUNT, ISN'T IT
In need of medical attn
Was denied treatment for a crushed broken right arm
Wow
You can't even count to 50. What school did you go to
Get rid of you 
Where’s those votes??? Ha ha ha
Bienvenido presidente dios lo bendiga
What are you, a first grade drop-out?
What is wrong with these Repubs...the filibuster rule MUST go!
Too bad this is not baseball where 3 strikes and you're out
In other words cheat. Even the head of the  DEA said you don't follow the laws of our great country. @AltStateDpt @maggieNYT
Get rid of Trump!
Traitors on the Team
McCain
Collins
Ryan
No Guts
No Gain
RECIND Congressional Exemptions
the problem
Force_Exemptions
They carved out
Yes! I'm So sick of filibusters. They're Childish! Stick a pacifier in their mouth that'll shut them up!
Your healthcare failed. Face the truth
No one respects you or what you stand for. You are a traitor. You are a fraud. You will fail. You will fall. So say we all. #TheResistance
Its too bad that the people who this effects at a 100% cannot vote.
Why is that?
We the people shpuld vote on healthcare and be dictated to.
You change the rules and you still can't win?
I beg to differ..do you count votes prior 2 tweeting..?Just sayin' 'jinx' is a thing 
BOGO: threatening will get  nothing out of Indy.
Health care is so easy! You are going to be so bored from winning so much! We are going to build a wall & Mexico's going to pay for it!
Get rid of Mccain!   He is lower than a cockroach and more on the level of a Maggot.  He needs to be forced out of Senate ASAP.
Give my best to Madam Advisor! That's Jared, not Ivanka.
More "Fake News". You live in a fantasy world created by your constant lies.
You lied when you said Sen in hospital.  More BS
Get rid of Congress and start over
Stop talking
no you didn't you Liar!
"Now, I have to tell you, it's an unbelievably complex subject," he added. "Nobody knew health care could be so complicated." uh-duh?
YOU do NOT have the votes for Healthcare and that is why it is not even being brought to the floor. Once again you should learn to READ.
Just another out right lie @realDonaldTrump - Sen Cochran not in the hospital and McCain, Collins, Paul all NO'S.

come up with a good plan.
Hey! Donnie,  these aren't Mexicans that you're trying to keep out of U.S.   They are Americans. Get off your ass and help! #PuertoRico
Well this hasn't aged well. And neither have you.
#impeachTrumpnow
You have no votes, no support, and you are a Huuuuge failure
Small hands and you are a failure.
Boston Univ can detect CTE while one is alive. I will sign you up. What's your health insurance... oh right didn't pass.

#notadotard
You can't pass without the filibuster rule! What makes you think you'll get it passed now? You. Are. A. Bozo.
Wow dude—how does it feel to be constantly in the shadow of a black man?  That must really suck—Thanks  Obama!!
https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=10210225536851308&id=1126542178 …
You are not fit to serve as president
Your like a typical cheater, you lose and you want to change the rules. #trumpcheater
#Cabinet Meeting#
How's this for a compromise: we get rid of your presidency instead and call it even?
You don't have the votes. Stop lying to America. You're nothing more than a carnival barker. If you really want to help, resign
You are a failure! Your party is a failure even though u control all branches of the gov. Nothing could be sadder! U are the poorest leader
This is a man who can’t count to 50. And/or doesn’t know what it means to count to 50. And/or doesn’t care.
Instead of this crap, you PATHETIC ORANGE DICTATOR WANNABE, you should be organizing PR! Send a 3 star now to organize and get it on track!!
Yep.  Sure Did.  Passed, huh?   What reality you living in?   YOU DONT EVEN KNOW WHAT IS IN THE BILL!!
Vote against you every time  ASSHOLE .
Nah, you’re gonna fail, again. Story of your life, Donny.
U just learned how to spell "filibuster" didn't u. #cheeto #putinspuppet
No you won't!
No #HealthcareReform. Do an #ObamacareRepeal and then build a Healthcare program piece by piece. Maybe... 200 pages needed.

I can do it!
Wrong again Donald. you're one vote short.  52-3 = 49.
Trump is the greatest.. period
If you were any dumber you would start believing your wife married you for love and looks.
Aww shucks. #rules #laws
Dotard

You have no clue do you? I guess learning that Puerto Rico is an island in a very, very big ocean was taxing on your brain cell.

You really want to be a dictator don't you?
Get ride of @SenJohnMcCain
Clueless
Get rid of renting out trump hotel rooms so russians can have kids here
Totally behind Trump on this He says something #MSM tears him apart and months later he is deemed to be true Believe what he says
Dream on Dump
Oh dear you talk about Healthcare-but you do not care in practice about Healthcare. You may be a rich hypocrite and many will suffer.
You can seem to get a damn thing done. You don't care about people or their healthcare! #ImpeachTrump #TrumpDontCarePlan
It's called procedure. The @GOP leveraged it under Obama many many times. Goose = Gander.
Aww is baby @realDonaldTrump  gonna cwy? Need some nappies as you pacifier too. #GladItFailed #ImpeachTrump
Yes!
PUERTO RICO

THE RULES DON'T CHANGE JUST BECAUSE YOU WANT TO HAVE YOUR WAY! THEY ARE THERE FOR A REASON!! GROW UP!!
Who is paying U GOP's 2 cling 2 ACA like maggots on rotten meat? Why take health ins. from those who need it most unless U being paid
Save Obamacare!!!!
NO, We Need To Get Rid Of YOU!
Get rid of you before you cause more harm to America.
Who is in the hospital Mr President?
Trump University Algebra?
65% of us would rather get rid of your job  #Impeach45
You failed again and again and again and again and again and again and you're asking for another chance?
Or just EARN the votes like every other president before you, instead of changing the rules to get what you want.
I have a better idea.  Get rid of Trump.
It's to stop dictators and their cronies from taking over.
Ok.  So you have 60 votes, including the mysterious senator in the hospital, but you can't pass with 51 ? Weird math. Or LYING.
The latter!
Ding ding ding ding :  and we have a winner ! 
 You are hilarious!
Get rid of you. Make our country decent again.
So... you actually have... nothing?!?!??
BRAINWASH DIVIDE AND CONQUER THIS IS THE COMMUNISTS TRADEMARK SEARCH MITCH MCCONNELL COMMUNIST CONNECTION SCROLL TO TOPIX TO TUMBLR
Lie
The majority of the American people are now anti-Trump and the number is growing daily.  You are going to jail.
No, the Dems didn't do it and the GOP isn't going to do it!! We will not allow it! Just as we won't allow Russia to take over our country!
You don't have the votes, but keep lying to your shrinking base.  Pretty soon it will be you and the mirror.  Poor mirror
yes, lets get rid of the Filibuster Rule....
Get rid of your shitty deal
Your a fool...
Only in America it is a right to have guns but a privilege to have healthcare.
You know how @realDonaldTrump stays in shape ? He sucks a lot of cock. That's just a fact ,his tiny soft hands feel like a woman's mouth lol
Even the shitty ones have accomplished more with a house and senate controlled by the opposition sad. Who are you trying to fool?
Let's be honest Trump. Until a few weeks ago,u probably thought a filibuster was when u eat 2many cheesesteaks & have to unbutton ur khakis.
No make congress use the same healthcare they force upon the public.
You
are
so
clueless
it
hurts!!!!
You loved it for 8 years. Why cry now? Not getting your way?
# thedisasterknownasDonaldTrump
It was such a feeling of relief when for 6 hours all your irresponsible hateful tweets disappeared. Then, sadly, they came back.
I prefer we get rid of YOU.
Definition:  as trump the hater i will cheat, scheme, lie to undermine the ACA.  Get rud if you, keep the Filibuster Rule.  Democracy
Donald, with due respect, you weaken your position when you make comments like that. Makes it clear you are willing to cheat to win.
Let’s get rid of you
Get rid of trump! Lock him up!
Get rid of trump. We need a president who can count
Dotard, you don't have 50 votes. That's why Mitch didn't did press it. Now try to lie your way to 60 votes.
Always trying to change the rules to win can't  win or get it done change the rules

Yes get rid of the filibuster so that when the republicans lose their majority all this can be easily undone
Just not true. Tgr votes,are not there. More FAKE POTUS NEWS!  #thetruthmatters
I'd be looking at GOP for not taking advantage of being the majority while they could  They've killed time & lost the edge.  Rinos = Losers!
PLEASE What about RETIREES!!! Disabilitie  those people Are poor there should be a FIX for some of all of THESE PEOPLE! Fix this please!
It has caused ALL kinds of problems! If they remove it now it will KILL Me! Words of 4 professional doctors two at UOFM MICHIGAN its been
NO!  And you will never pass anything that throws millions off healthcare.  Fix the ACA and be the hero you want to be.
trumpcare is dead because trump does not care. #ImpeachTrump
Hitler liked changing the rules too https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Early_timeline_of_Nazism …
You will never get the votes while I am still alive, and I'm 2-0 in your efforts to kill me.
No, just get rid of Trump, and his ineptitude .  Problem solved
Get rid of Trump.
Get rid of you! MAGA!
