#TrumpRussia 
Russian tactic=attack media
If U prejudged outcome based on "propaganda"
There may be a correlation
Being open=not brainwashed
lol say what ? Get a life . Understand you are still losing . We are the future Dems losing seats in congress losing credibility your over
That's hilarious
Dems losing credibility
Your president is the one under investigation isn't he
Lowest approval in history
It's going great
By the democrats (losing bigly still) who just can't except failure Sad party indeed but don't listen to me just watch as this too passes
I don't care about Hillary 
I care about the entire world having every reason to hate us and ridicule us
Trump is an embarrassment
Your ignorance is astonishing but then again you don't care , right ! Twitter is your outlet  so rock on Seth !
My ignorance?
Oh so this never happened?
Okay
Denial is ignorance turned inward
Enjoy that
Translation: too many stories about the truth hurt Donald's feelings.
Perfectly libertard fashioned 
Ok love.
Ok sweetheart
#TrumpRussia
If u look honestly
People waiting on the outcome have no chance of being brainwashed because they have not decided the outcome
Seth wait another 4 years you will be exactly where you are today  !We won't America will be great again while you will be still Seth 
Also, if he suddenly became someone else that would be alarming.  Like Seth suddenly is now a cat.  Seth staying Seth is good.
Don't agree but then again we will never , 8 years of obama is what I know shitting on middle class is not o k with me as u know we won
Oh sweetie, we are all losers with this presidency.  You'll soon realize the GOP cares so little about the middle class.
Who care your our POTUS we are your people the media is not even a viable source for anything nowadays except lies and agendas ! MAGA 
#TrumpRussia
Those who predetermine the outcome before all the facts have been revealed are the ones susceptible 2manipulation of propaganda
Because what I really want in a president is an inarticulate man-boy who whines when his imagination makes fun of him.
Apology to YOU??!!  Seriously?!  You're NOT the king!
Where's your apology to the country for being an incompetent leader? Resign now. You can't even spell word or capitalize correctly.
Fake news ranting from a fake president

LMAO, you first.
Calling Dems "obstructionists"
who are guilty of sedition/treason, 
is like calling a beheading
a minor, Mid Eastern style, neck laceration.
Where is your apology to all you have offended?! Mexicans, MexicanAmericans, African Americans, Muslims, Disabled Americans,Women, Democrats
No apology is neccessary.  The media is doing their job.  You should try doing your job and stop being such a cry baby.
Where is your apology to us for you:

-sexually assalting women

-trying to ban an entire group of people based on their religion
-getting 5 draft deferments because you're a coward

-possibly divulging classified information

Should I go on?
Where is UR apology to all the tradespeople you have screwed over the years? Where is UR apology to those who donated to your FAKE Charity?
We all know you are fake newd
Are you kidding?  That's the only truth we get about you and the GOP. Thank God for the news media.
Using more than one punctuation is the sign of a lazy mind.
U start fake stories w/all of ur childish behavior, dimwitted tweets, constant whinning & whinning, whaaa whaaa, praise me<
Stop whining! I've never seen a grown man behave like an insecure, petulant, temper tantrum throwing spoiled child like you do. Get help!
Dude, you are the primary source of fake news. Please apologize to America. #LiarInChief #realDonaldTrump #Potus #FakeNews
Let's be clear - Mr Trump is arguing for censoring the press here.
The fact that he has blocked and censored hundreds of people on Twitter should give you a sense of just how keen he is on the idea.
DICTATOR. MY GRANDMOTHER (95Yo) was born and raised during the fascist regime.. and trump remember HER mussolini.
Where's your apology to the world for breathing our air?
Where is your apology to the American people for your fake campaign promises, disrespect for democracy and many documented lies?
You are a sad, sad, sad man.
Hahahhahahahahahhaha. You have got to be kidding. The king of #FakeNews wants an apology.  You might want to rethink who owes who an apology
you can't remember the truth because you lie constantly.  Sicko!!
Where is a straight jacket for you?
Didn't you make up a story about @BarackObama not being born in USA?? Where was his apology??? #bully #ImpeachTrumpNOW
You know that whining about this is really unbecoming don't you?
Birth certificate
Just added to. Y Kindle -looks interesting!
Nah he does not possess that much brain power
You are the most pathetic President in American history. Congratulations, you are the worst President EVER!
You're not worthy to be President. You're not even a decent human being. You have zero credibility.
You're psychologically unfit to be President. You constantly embarrass yourself and US. Our democracy failed us with you.
The day you are impeached I'm going to celebrate like never before!
https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/3259984-Trump-Intelligence-Allegations.html …
#TrumpCrimeFamily
You are one of the biggest sources of #fakenews on Twitter. Where's your apology to us for all of your incorrect stories and blatant lies?
The real problem is your despicable use of lies to undermine the free press. The "fourth estate" is a vitally important part of US freedom.
You're harming both democracy and your own interests. 53% of Americans now say you are a liar, and they believe the media rather  than you.
And let's see who was this survey taken by ? Ta da !!!!the media. Jack this propaganda is really not doing the haters any justice. GROW UP.
I see you are a gullible fool who has been conned by liars. Sad.
I didn't say Trump was an angel Jack I don't watch things happen I line it  up with what I know is going to happen. Don't be so vain jack
I've just read your timeline as well. You're a gullible idiot who has been conned by #fakenews lies & you're too stupid to fact-check things
Speaking of apologies due:
This one is as real as yours
Yeah. Except it isn't. Your point?
Fake News is at an all time high. Where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories???...
I just sent you one, Cry Baby. How many times must I apologize for the Truth?
The new news is not news at all. I'd like to know what's happening in our world but they care only about defaming you. It's sick! 🕆
Lisa Collins, here is the Truth about the Donald.  He is a child rapist, a Sexual Predator, currently under 5 investigations for "money laundering for the Russians", obstruction of justice, "conspiring with the Russians to undermine an American election", lying about lying.

I just took a snap shot of the whining liberal meme. Thank you. Now I can use it each time a liberal is whining about not having their way.
I think that should be the poster child for President Trump. Sad!
The second one is a definite fit for all liberals. So glad I stepped out of my party this election and voted for Trump. Too embarrassing now
a day's to associate yourself w/the liberals. You should consider it yourself.
hey @realDonaldTrump do you know the muffin man?
There are no apologies, tRUMP, because there are no incorrect stories about you. FROM you, but NOT ABOUT you. #impeachtRUMPandPenceNOW
You’re such a child.
No incorrect stories. All true. Btw, it's not the media's job to make u look good, it's yours! Loser!
We'll give that some thought after you've apologized to Obama for your bithirism  and to the American people for being a di**head
Twl
Yes
As publisher of Eat The Press-Dont Read It, I would like to extend our sincere apology to you, Mister Fake President, for any Fake stories we published which were True.  How often do you have sex with your daughter?
Oh like apologizing is something you would do? Ha!
you are the fake news as well as a fake president. I WILL NEVER APOLOGIZE TO U. even If I am  wrong. u just are not worth it!
apologize to Hillary, Bill, Chelsea, Pres. Obama, Schumer, Rubio, Cruz, Bush, Canada, Mexico, Merrick Garland, McCain, etc
Trump needs to apologies to all the thousand of people he has screwed during his stint as a CORRUPT NY CONTRACTORS, to the women he is accused of raping, to the teenagers in the Miss Teen Paegent that he walked on while they were dressing and to the world for his constant lying.
But it's all your fault remember? Everything! If you want an apology from them you'll have to apologize to yourself cos it's all your fault
What incorrect stories?  Where's your apology to Obama for all of your more than incorrect stories, but your defaming lies?
@tomcoates We have Coates Hire in Australia. They are owned by 7 group holdings. Channel 7 media corp in Australia.sounds like an agenda Tom
Perfectly circular logic were you created a conspiracy and then tried to prove it, all based on a similar last name. David Eicke be proud.
oh, you poor, delicate flower. where are ur apologies to Obama for your LIES? or to all the women u assaulted? or to the people u never pay?
Where's the one to the American People for being their So-Called President!  He owes us that one BIGLY!
I Agree, I just Hate it when they say "Trump" Very Disrespectful! You are Doing a Great job!!!! Keep up the Great Job President Trump
"Trump" is not the best term for the assclown in chief. Fuckface von Clowstick is better. He has a face designed for urinals...
You spelled it right and I spelled it wrong. Not my invention: it was first used by @TheDailyShow ;-)
Name one incorrect story compared to all the INCORRECT stories you have proliferated. You and FOX news are the kings of FAKE NEWS. #BIRTHER
Name one.
Grow and forget
You need a thicker skin. You should not have taken this job if you couldn't take it. As they say, if you can't stand the heat . . .
Yes "fake news" is at all times high & you're to blame. #Dump2020 #DonaldChump #ShowTheTaxReturns #Impeach #PresidentCheeto
You are all fake news.
Poor, poor snowflake.  You're melting on your way down.
When have you ever apologized for all of your bonehead statements and actions? Never.  You owe a million apologizes and no 1 owes U a thing
Donnie ( #Narcissist ;PLEASE read the definition of that word! See YOURSELF and seek help!), APOLOGIZE to YOU?? I'm TRYING to pray for you.
Where is your apology for putting creating the chaos and hatred you have caused since November?
Where is your apology for ALL the loss you have told to the American people?
.@realDonaldTrump
Stop disparaging our press! These is are the kinds of LIES that will get people killed. You are not acting like an adult. WORDS MATTER.
Good question. MSM is Isis!
Great tactic! put a picture of a hot chick onto a fakeaccount just to get followers
Grow a pair
keep waiting.
Probably in the same place as your apologies to former President Barack Obama for propagating the birther story about him.
Where is the apology to ALL the American people for all the false and fake information you send out...Be responsible.  Be a leader!!!!
Unfortunately, It's in the bottom of H***  !!!
START LOCKING THEM UP!  CHARGE THEM FOR ALL THEIR ACTUAL CRIMES!
LMFAO! where the hell is your apology for all of your fake statements over the past year!!! Hmmm fat chance you will ever do that
Please, Sir, reduce your Twitter to official posts only and stop feeding the machine. Listen to your advisors, Sir, you're make things worse
#selectiveoutrage
fox news and you are the fake news .. complete bullshit like your friend jones ..
Boo hoo
Happy Birthday pres. Ur under investigation for obstruction of justice. Ha Ha Ha!!!!
Where's the apology from you to all the people you insulted throughout the primaries and prez run? Typical arrogance. Never ur fault right?
Where's your apology for your fake news? A good leader will admit his mistakes.
Please tell me this is a fake tweet and that the President isn't wasting time and tax payer dollars on this rhetoric..#Trump #foxandfriends
You're 71. Grow up.
All they have to do us play back the stupid shit you say, how is that fake news.  No one can make up the stupidity that you do.
Unvidicated!
I think there waiting for you to apologize to the American people for all your lies.
apology. Ha ! That's funny. Stay focused Donald
Where is your apology to all the people hurt and families of those who have died because of your hate speech and illegal bombs?
Fake news trump talking about fake news again. Who would have thought? #puppet
Says Mr fake news himself
No apology needed when the truth is being found out.
Me me me me me.
Where is your apology for all the incorrect stories you spew daily?
You create more fake news and distractions than any person on this planet. Your team can't keep your lies straight and you make it worse
where's your apology to the American people for all your lies
YOU are the fake news. YOU are the fake POTUS. YOU are the worlds biggest liar. Sad!
you first
In the same place as your apology to women, Obama, Germans, British, Australians, Mexicans...the list is too long for just 140 characters.
Good Roger stone teacher to keep saying fake news. I think from now on you should start every sentence with the words fake news.
Your are correct, when will you apologize for all the Lies that come out of your mouth.
Well then sue them if they are incorrect. Isn't that what you do ? Apologies only come after recognition of guilt. 
Prat
2 solutions to your problem.  1. Quit. 2. Bring back the Fairness Doctrine.  News became more polarized and less balanced after its repeal.
Maybe because they aren't fake.
Where is your apology to everyone for all the stories they got right?
I guess they will apologize for their incorrect stories when you apologize for your never ending string of lies.
Where is your apology to the American people for all your liars! #orangeliar
Once you're starting to tell the truth?
Pres Trump - don't hold your breath waiting for an apology!!
That meeting with his cabinet members as they sit around and told him how great he was! was simply obnoxious

Where are all your apologies for all your lies? Works both ways! I don't believe the fake news line. We need the press as per constitution!
You owe the American public that you lied to an apology. The msm has no needed to apologize to you for doing their job.
Liars don't  apologize! !  Nature of the beast. .
Everybody I meet, flat out knows the Media is a joke.
I am from Montreal, have you ever been there?
Where are your apologizes for all the shit that spews out of your mouth?
Grow up, will ya?
There will be no apologies.  The stories are accurate.
The bigliest thing you can do to eliminate fake news is to delete your twitter account.
Where is your apology to the nation for such a lousy presidency?
Bahahaha
You are fake news!
Where's your apology to all the American people for the 100's of lies you've told? Promises u made but admitted u said just to get elected?
it's NOT FAKE. YOU JUST Wish IT WAS.
How about an apology to the rest of us too!
Into a better place and stronger nation. I am praying for this. I want my grandchildren to live peacefully without fear of harmful politics.
Where's your apology to *me* for your carp-like face?
Where are all of your apologies you owe? You are surrounded by corruption. Unlike your supporters. We go by what we see and your own words.
Where your apology to all women you have offended with your words and hands?
DO U EVER APOLOGIZE TO ANYONE? NAME 1 PERSON U HAVE APOLOGIZED TO DONALD
tour Twitter account, you're able to convince them of anything...for example "I signed 36 new legislative bills". That's a fucking lie.
You go first! Apologize to the nation for committing #treason!
When your FAKE PRESIDENCY ends and you apologize to the public for the HUNDREDS OF LIES you have told!  #resign #Kleptocracy #Corrupt
Where is your apology for all the lies and threats against people?
when 90% of the time they're covering your tweets that we can look up ourselves, you can hardly call them incorrect
Huh?
Um
Where is your apology to the U.S. citizens you are screwing over and over?
Fake News = your AM bathroom tweets.
Once a liar always a liar
Sorry to say, you will never get an apology from them Mr. President, they are bought and paid for, associated with the swamp!
Still waiting for apology to Obama for....wait for it. FAKE NEWS. Derp
Not nice being accused when innocent - so where is your apology to the Central Park 5 for fake news stories you paid to take out in 1989?
