Keep going Mr. President!! WE THE PEOPLE HAVE GOT YOUR BACK!!! MAGA TRUMP IS MY PRESIDENT!!!
I DOUBLE DARE YOU SUPPORTERS WHO ONLY LISTEN TO HIM AND WATCH WHAT HE SAYS TO WATCH...WATCH MSNBC FOR 2 DAYS FROM 8PM TO 11PM...CMON
I don't listen to, or like, newbie trolls!  Go elsewhere!  In fact, bye bye  .  
I double dog dare you to have an open mind & open eyes and give him a fair chance FACTS ARE FACT & THING ARE TURNING AROUND FOR THE BETTER
I don't know who your talking to but I back the President fully. I think he is doing a great job with all the obstacles he has had!  
No M I wasn't talking to you. I was talking to the guy who dared Trump supporters to watch MSM so sorry for the cinfusion
ALL DT supporters always deflect from him...well, what about this? I DID have open mind and I used it Your turn..Did you do it? #FACTSRFACTS
Positive message!
Keep up the good work!
Yessss. Space advancement. I have been waiting for a president to bring this up thank you I hope we can actually get something going soon
good sir
America will THINK BIG once again. We will inspire millions of children to carry on the proud tradition of American… htt...
No. With you and Betsy "Wicked Witch of the West" DeVos destroying education, they won't get that chance. #LiarInChief #LoserTrump
Hillary Clinton LIED over the coffins of Benghazi victims to their families faces and they say Trump has no empathy? Right!
Like his little pee wee

What is it with you and women? Forgetting executive director, of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics, Sandy Magnus.
You really do not like women and consider them a equals. Nothing but a sexist loudmouthed brawler.
Let's think even BIGGER and send you on the next Mars probe. I hear they have good pizza there
Hey, Buzz :)
If ONE of us thought a little more often before puking his venom up on the Twitter space, I'm betting a lot of us would be a lot happier!!
MAGA !
Unless Mika is at the door and all you see is blood. Damn dude she rejected you get over it!
The Chinese doth think they can represent anything .But everything know that they represent nothing 
This (as well as your TTP EO) is a step in the right direction.  Now you need to stop focusing on the past (Obama, ACA, Hillary...et al)
WHERE IS PRESIDENT BANNON IN THIS PICTURE ? DON'T SEE HIM!?
What joke
Thank you mr. Trump you are the most American president ever keep up the good work
First they need a good education. For which your cutting funding.
What about your science department?!?!?!?!
Becoming a galactic civilization, in the long run, is ultimately the only thing worth doing as a species.
Only if we bring pieces of Trump's corpse to every new world so successive generations can enjoy defecating on it.
So you can't actually pass legislation thru house and Senate, so resort to EO's?? Amazon wish lists! Be better if you had majority in houses
Oh shit!!! You do!! 
Most inept president in history. Breaking down rules and legislature that took decades to agree.
#freethe3 #Ali_AlNimr @Pontifex @KingSalman @realDonaldTrump @theresa_may @NasrahAlahmed @amnesty @ABC @nytimes @CNN
my son,#Ali_alnimr, story who 
was sentenced to death 4protesting
https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&v=Tn8dwBeTK0k …
Think big, unlike your hands. I also assume you don't mean the space between your ears, you dope 
#shame
"Just vote no!" protesters chant outside of GOP Sen. Cory Gardner's office. Demonstrators have sprawled out across Republican offices.. 
I may not agree with everything you say or do. But you do bring a... no frills & get s**t done attitude to politics. 
#MAGA
That will only happen when you are removed from office.
If they don't die first from want of health care and/or global climate change related  catastrophe. Sure wish we hadn't alienated science.
.@realDonaldTrump ha ha ha ha ha a 53.5276% disapproval rate ha ha! #HowDidWeGetHere
My favorite hashtag so far
wow i was gonna go protest but then a trumpbot posted memes with trump and maga all over them and now MY CONSCIOUSNESS HAS BEEN changed. 
American 'space' leadership 
These cult members would sacrifice their children for their dear leader…
You just told the Senate to repeal my healthcare because you didn't get your way.  You are nothing but a spoilt child and an embarrassment.

Look at all the Lego it's all over the place

No parent in their right mind would allow you within 500 ft of young children. Kids old enough to understand hate you & older are afraid.
Trump in space!
Can't wait.
Hey spaceships! Are they going to run on coal or steam?
If we discovered ego power Trump could be our savior.
That sounds like an excellent movie. Trump: In Space!
Flynn to Smith: 'I have deep ties to Russia intel; I can contact them, but rather ask on blogs for emails & expose me while U R at it...'
An 81 year old in Sep 2016 asking on blogs if anyone saw missing gov emails sure proves deep ties to Russia dating to DNC leaks in July...
Somebody else is tweeting for you. You have not done a single thing for the good of the people. No female child should be exposed to you.
@cj_disabledVet @sammypolsen12 A man who said publicly that he desires his own daughter, has no business being in the WH.
A man who makes fun of the disabled has no business being in power.
@HEINSLERJAN A man who sexually attacks woman and openly brags about it, has no business being in the WH.
I can't grasp why so many women voted for him. I know that scuzzy women exist, but Evangelicals and Nuns? Oh Lord! The devil made them do it
It's all about abortion. Saying their rosary every night hoping Gorsuch over turns Roe v Wade and could care less if the country burns.
Where are these frauds when these children need to be fed?
They are pro-birth, not life. Every child has the right to be born and starve to death and get no medical care in Trump's America.
Why are you sending child sex slaves to Mars
It's a 20 yr trip so technically they're adult srx slaves.
Oh i see
Yes, I also have it on good authority that Hillary Clinton blah blah blah blah blah
Why do people think they have the right to come in the U.S?
I will never know that either...
gold star for your enthusiastic sarcasm!

You bring SHAME on America. Resign.
No you bring shame to the country snowflake why don't you leave snowflake he's our president and yours just shut up or leave snowflake
Have a beautiful 4th of July. Enjoy your family. I'm so proud you are my president.Thank you MAGA
People have forgotten how to have a civil political discussion. It is all Mudslinging now.  DISGRACEFUL
It's such a disgrace honestly. Very sad this is what we have for our government!
You never finished your last Tweet about the War you are about to start?  What happened did Melania take your phone away?
BTW, did you see the latest from MIKA?  Seems she may be right...
She married him for his money, power and a green card. She may not LIKE him, but she will STAY.
ACTUALLY, Melania was a rich model before she met The Donald.
I would love this as a stress reliever in my office. Don't think it would last a day tho.
@talkaboutit84 @CParks777 @bodyfit67 @beebecathy @RVAwonk
Millions of Americans are disgusted with the left-wing, intolerant HATERS which is why you keep losing elections.
We lost an election??? It's blindly apparent Russia interfered with our election. But I guess the right sold their democratic souls for $
Sir, please tell all NFL America hating OWNERS that YOU are banning all U.S. government cooperation with NFL in all areas!
Mike Pence is looking at him thinking, "I couldn't be more of a fuckup than he is."

#esist #theresistance
Yep - by inspiring them to vote the likes of you and yours OUT.
You know nothing about space travel
You got to think BIG!
Dems have gone SILENT on COLLUSION since DNC STAFFER AWAN arrested?  Are they afraid he will reveal there was NO HACK?
フザケンナヨ
Please tell Congressperson Wilson that this is how you wear a cowboy hat!
Yes! #MAGA through space & science
You do know that he's cutting funds to their education program by over 50% 

He's literally lying about millions of kids for a photo-op
Hello, as someone is in the public schooling system, IT SUCKS. Common Core is TERRIBLE. Anything is better, You can't be one sited about it.
How are you in the Public School System?5th Grader?Hope you're not a teacher or our children really Are doomed. Sited? Cited? Sighted? Sided
I'm a highschooler. It is coming from the kid that common core doesn't work. I agree there should be standards, but my friends are failing
my friends are failing because common core is so ridiculous, if you think common core is good you're not a very good teacher
Holly, you need to take your medication.
There is no medication that can help her, brain washed on the wrong cycle
With all the space in your head, who even needs NASA… amirite?!
Space in his brain? Give space more credit!! His brain is filled with crap, vomit and industrial-like sewage. Lol!
If America wants to protect us, they would be happy about the wall!
Ikr! What is wrong with people?! Do they want terrorists to come and kill us? Obama didn't want the wall, and look what happened.
Yep yep, he let so many bad ppl in, it's not even funny! Not only that but personally excused many criminals...#horriblemove
I'm scared to even walk out of my house sometimes because of how many terrorists there are & getting Americans to join them, #thanksobama
You 2 are clowns! Obama was an amazing president!
Well blow me down! Ahah
Shiver me timbers!
My best friend lived in Mexico, and since Trump came in she had to be deported!
Actually, you're teaching children to be bullies, racists, misogynists, & just plain jerks! Proud of yourself?
Here's what you're teaching children: "a third grader chased a Latina student around the classroom yelling 'build the wall'"
Yeah, and blacks murdered a dozen Mexicans in Chicago, BUILD THE WALL?
I voted for you; but let the media you detest, hang themselves without tweeting to their low level. Prove you're worthy
I  his tweets. They go over the heads of fake news.
A 3rd grade level playground insult only goes over the head of 2nd graders and below.
Will we inspire millions of children to call women "crazy" and demean them based on their looks? Or is that just you?
Why would you even consider doing this?
Is this really how you #MAGA?
http://politi.co/2usG0d3 
#FridayFeeling
When I said that most of the world thinks you are unfit, this is what I mean.
#FridayFeeling
You like to bash the press because they won't focus on policy.
Here's what you focused on this past month.
Trump has tweeted 182 times since May 30.
Breakdown:
Taxes: 1
Infrastructure: 3
…
Joe and Mika say you threatened them with a National Enquirer story.
You say they're lying and it was the other way around.
Who to believe?
Trump 'university', never said 'ban on Muslims', can't release taxes because all of last 15 years are being audited, fake Time cover
Fuck you bitch 
You will inspire no one
Well that's wrong, i'm inspired,
To do what?
To support my country. It makes me proud of my country
can you be the first person we send into space? If we're lucky enough the trip will take long enough to return after end of your term!
Whatever pills you're taking or smoking should stop. Probably won't happen due to Kalifornia brain washing .
Wouldn't that not fit with Bible teachings?
We have and will continue, but you won't be there.
Big like your hands?
I support you Mr. President.  Please watch your back.  Peace.
Coming from a President that spends more time watching tv than actually working. If you can't handle The job old man step down.
Thank you POTUS! Our defense, technology & well being will advance greatly w/this EO.

Waste of money why not it will inspire millions of kids to grow there own food
You made the situation in Syria sound like a board game and oversimplify every issue. Really big...
Thanks for all the hard work sir. Proud of your leadership. We will make America Great Again
Class act again! , my President.
“We know what this is, space. That’s all it has to say, space.”
You will force millions of families to choose between going to college or paying off a $700k hospital bill.
So Proud of you POTUS. 
 We Won just in time too. 
If Killary won-we'd be another UK . 
But Now' MAGA!!  

"NeverForget- Benghazi"
Nonsense.

It's so sad to drive by the old TI building in Houston and see the empty parking lots and abandoned building where I once proudly worked.
Yes Chief Spacscase in command!
.@realDonaldTrump #MinorityPresident #OverallLoser #TaxReturns Only one grand ambition, SAD BLING BOY LOSER. Your face behind jail bars.
Not if you keep cutting public education.
Do you ever really think about your behavior and try to grow up, to be a mature adult? To actually care about the people??? You are cruel!
Interesting that with you in the White House, there seems to be a renewed interest in leaving the planet. #makemarsinhabitableagain
We love you Mr President. You make us very proud to be American again!
Looking forward to hearing true updates.... #MAGA
Does Pence have any facial muscles???
The only science you believe in is science fiction
My god you don't even realize what an utter embarrassment you are
Your insane and you will not inspire anyone except cray X-rays like yourself- you need to go sit in your time out chair baby man
I'm protecting my grandson from knowing that such a vile, disgraceful, poor-excuse-for-a-man is our president.
Idiot
Do us all a favor, go sit on the tip of a rocket.
Your comments at this meeting were nonsensical.   Did you notice Buzz Aldrin's facial expressions?
This is not only inspiring, but so exciting, I love seeing the pictures from #NASA..I remember the excitement from the past.

Cuspids my nin
Children in space...
We can pay for this with all the salaries saved of all the staff you have been too busy tweeting to hire. Wait, golfing weekends? No space.
I hope you can keep THAT promise. At least something good would have come out of you.
#MAGA
I live the faces Buzz is making when trump is talking. It's like he knows the man is a lunatic.
Jajaja a lunatic with his mind down to earth.  The one is a muffler smoke is Hillary because Obama is a traitor and Bernie jail is waoting
I can barely under stand you sir and you seem so miss informed. Please research what you are talking about.
You don't  understand . Ok let see if you get this.  AMERICAN FIRST .
TRUMP THE BEST .
Fantastic I like it

#NoAmnesty
#NoRefugees
#EnglishAsTheOfficalLanguage
#CongressionalTermLimits…
#25thAmendmentNow
But you are willing to cut free meals
Aldrin clearly thinks you're insane.  #smartman
How embarrassing. Can't stand to hear you speak. It was clear just looking at Mr Aldrens face
yay!!!   Glad to hear that the Space program will be reinstated!!  :)  Even as a Canadian.  :)
You need help Trump I am here
Not if you cut off their goddamn Medicaid, moron!
A President who realizes the importance of our space program.  Thank You SIR! Our security, our exploration, our leadership. NASA!!
Don't talk about our children, you are being hidden from American children as much as possible. We're here pretending you're not real
Wow...what an embarrassing speech! Prez has no idea what he's saying!

You off focus because you are doing so much. Ignore the trash
Still only 19mil followers huh? Obama has 91mil...ouch
How? You are wrecking the education system. You have to be educated to go into space. Not just wish you can
IF ONLY YOU COULD BE SHOT INTO DEEP SPACE W/YOUR NAZI PIG COHORTS. #FakePresident
Why does the group behind you have puzzled looks as you speak? Because you're an incoherent boob? FYI, shouldn't need to search for Aldrin!
Healthcare is more important than space! @senategop Don't repeal what u don't know! #livesmatter #TrumpcaresUnAmerican
Your space speech was slightly below moronic status. Embarrassing!
Liberal retards who have the inability to conceive the concept of independent thought...  Smh...
Go President Trump!!!
#LiarInChief #PussyGrabbingPotus #DisgraceTheNation

#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentNow…
TINY HANDS~ TINY MOUTH~ NO BRAINS!
Haha! Ask them why they don't power rockets with coal!
Encouraged with the few posts of kindness. Brave when resist wrong despite group pressure in particular if another soul target of meanness.
Still painful to know ur sugar daddy @PutinRF has played the biggest punk in US history. #GlobalLaughingStock #Idiot #DummingOfAmerica #FAIL
@POTUS 2+2 is 4, don't be fooled by the double speak.
Yes!
Dear friend, when you say America you must say U.S.A. cityzen
You are completely out of control! The American people need to demand a psychiatric evaluation!!
Let God take care of space!!!  You need to cut the budget!!!
And perpetuate the idea that, once we've destroyed this planet, we can just move to another?!? Ridiculous....
You don't even know the meaning of the word "#infinity"
Thank you again for your hard work for the American people, you are a perfect example of how to serve and do it well
It's about time America teaches Americans to act like Americans. It's been 20years since Americans have been taught to be proud Americans!
What! I was under the impression you thought science was whack!
Oh yes!  Thank god you found space!  MAGA
Thats so funny! It seems like he was saying to himself.....yeah right, ok, geez, really!, wtf, this is not good, what is he talking about?
You are the best
Just like you have all your children work for you ?
You FOOL! If you don't know the meaning of a word for goodness sake LOOK IT UP! Infinity! Yikes! You are a laughing stock in the world!
Are all the mining jobs going to be in space?

@POTUS
You should lead the first mission.
Not by you.Your a mob "Don".Shows every day & every way.Sadly obvious!
Amen!
The real problem is the bunch of nodding yes-men in the background...
@POTUS Not if you starve them to death! Opps, you only plan on starving the poor ones!
To escape the Administration.
How abt a goal 2 get us 2 Mars within th next 10 yrs? We got 2 th Moon in less than 10 yrs. With all of th acquired technology, it's doable!
Look at your bobblehead VP, just itching to replace you when you're impeached or when you resign! Like you, he's an empty suit.
