I swear to God on a stack of Bibles, I CAN’T BELIEVE the STUPIDITY of some of you Americans that STILL TRY to accuse Pres. Trump of colluding with the Russians! I see NO corroborating evidence to those accusations and with NO evidence, there ISN’T ANY PROOF!
Ignore them just keep doing good. Don’t respond to this bad behavior. We know the truth .
I laugh at Dems. They support a criminal Hillary who doesn’t support women. Who actually threatens and silence women. Who has so many deaths and questionable activities the entire time in politics. Soros follower but criticizes Trump. Unbelievable. Russia who cares. America1
Why don't u just shut the fuck up. I have never felt this way about a president before. U are evil and corrupt. My dad fought front lines In okinowa. Army. One of the worst battles of the pacific. But u come from cowards. So u wouldn't know about courage,tiny  tiny other parts.
The Russian collusion always was a lie! Our POTUS will remain President! Just try to get him out & 67 million plus will come To Washington to take our Country Back!
Plus military. We won’t loss to stupid.
.@realDonaldTrump Fire Rosenstein and Mueller on Monday!
@realDonaldTrump
Your son #FredoJr admitted to #RussianCollusion, Mr #PutinsPuppet.
#PresidentPutin #PuppetPresident #DonTheCon #CrookedDonald #LockHimUp
“I’m so pissed that McGahn wouldn’t obstruct justice for me, I’d better go rage-tweet and beat off to pictures of Stormy dressed like my daughter until I feel better.”
@realDonaldTrump
Why are you working so hard to prove your innocence? If you know you're innocent, you'd be chillin...not bitchin. Chill, Donnie-doo
They are soncompletely and totally DESPERATE! I want to laugh at them continuing to spit into the wind but it’s just so pathetic it makes me sad.
America Has Escaped The Dark Abyss !!! Trump / Pence  A  Powerful Light Against All Evil Adversaries!!!
This tweet aged well.
At $90,000.00 majority of MIDDLE CLASS WILL HAVE THEY TAX DOUBLE EVEN HIGHER, THIS IS NOT FOR US, MIDDLE CLASS AND IS NOT WHAT YOU PROMISSED
They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story, found zero proof, so now they go for obstruction of justice on t...
tick tock tick tock 
An embarrassment to this nation
Prepare to bathe amongst your fellow inmates.
Arrest them. This is bullshit!
W
Totataly
JUST get off your ass from that oval seat and give it to someone else don't deserve it
#ImpeachTrump 
#impeachTrumpnow 
#ResistTrump 
#TheyreComingToGetYouDonald
Remember when this story was "phony"? Can't wait for the impeachment!
You are one big Dork with your brains up your A-s
I guess you missed the memo about indictments coming Monday. That's okay, stay tuned my friend! It will all be revealed soon!
Yeah real witch hunt.  Truth is coming out now. Truth always comes out sooner or later.
Trump Tower Moscow?   When will it be finished?
Thank you President Trump for having a spine and de escalating the N. KOREAN MANIAC!!!!
When you go down it will be epic, no pardons, no leaving the country, you will be the example in jail of new untiy




All Trump supporters are idiots
Trump supporters own this shit show
Manafort ' s house raided could the "dump" be next?






















This is interesting....
Oh & this? Sealing the quid Pro quo deal? #OSINT
It's coming. #RESIGN
Ah you must be scared to lash out. I hope those underage models you smuggled in were worth the 30 seconds you lasted #pedogreencard
Hey Mr Paranoid- just who are all these "they" voices in your delusional brain?  Resign now so we can hope to stay alive!
Yes, it is nice. Nice that finally justice will eventually prevail and you will be publicly denounced and humiliated as #WorstPresidentEver!
actually there is a good deal of evidence for both obstruction and collusion with russia..that's not what innocent and honest people do
You CHOSE to obstruct. Don't go blaming others. Man up. Or can't you? #IMPOTUS
.....unfortunately there's not a person in the world who still believes anything you have to say. F... Off
The investigation is still ongoing, and you've provided plenty of the evidence yourself, in your own words.  That's the irony.
One sign that you're a pathological liar is that you don't bother with the more plausible "lot of the parents liked it" You do BEST EVAH.
You're the one making shit up.  The Boy Scouts had to call #FakeNews on your "Best Speech Ever" Call.
They're coming to get you, donnie.  Tick tock, tick tock.
You mean like the phony phone calls you received from BSA and Mexico's Pres???  You are a PHONY!
Yeah, yeah, yeah keep  investigating people until America is rid of this incompetent divisive cancer. We are the laughing stock of the world
This is not true! Another Trump lie! #trumplies #trumprussia #trumpcrimefamily
Pretty funny that you tweeted this, and now 35 days later, there is so much proof...your own son provided direct evidence on Twitter! Hahaha
They have proof. You keep saying they don't if it makes you feel better.
Do you know that your son provided written proof of the collusion? They're not working a new case, they're adding to the espionage one.
I'll have Russian dressing on my nothingburger, please.
You are delusional and we never believed any of your lies. At least the ones that were coherent enough for a monkey to understand.
what a difference a month makes...32 little days...brought don jr and kushner...and that difference is YOU!
Oh, you will GO DOWN for many things. Hard. You will beg for mercy. Your children will be impoverished. GLAD!!
Wat?
You want froyo?
Oops found proof > 0
Has he been watching *The President Show?* "Nice!,  Not Nice!
Interesting. Still going with the "zero evidence".
Be humble for once in your silver spoon, egotistical, existence.
So nice, they may do it twice...
How can you draw the investigation of a crime that was never committed? Ridiculous
Sounds like a lawyers work! Criminal activity
You tweet more often than a twelve year old girl..
#impeachtrump
http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/07/russian-lawyer-veselnitskaya-posted-picture-facebook-inside-john-mccains-office/ … RUSSIAN
LAWYER IS #NEVERTRUMP #OBAMAS GIRL!
It's sad that with today's real world terror happening everywhere that some want to try and tarnish our Nation President

Nothing about what is happening is "nice".
Fredo screwed the pooch on this one, eh Donnie?
@Rschooley You're going down.
Te podpiramo http://www.xinxii.com/slowenien-von-bolschewismus-bis-udbanazismus-p-312058.html … you can help me please
http://www.xinxii.com/newdocs.php?list=Topviews …
THERE IS A LOT OF PROOF AND IT WILL BE PUBLIC SOON.
America great again? You are a pugnacious, egocentric child who is humiliating your country in front of the rest of the world. Just tragic!
We will not stop protesting til u r sitting n jail to rot there 4 th rest of your life.

Cccccccccollusion
there's proof of collusion now. resign so you can be admirably and honorably prosecuted. please tell pence to disappear, we can't stand him.
hey Donnie, Knock Knock... c'mon knock knock
Are you the only one who believes this?
If you wouldn't commit obstruction of justice you wouldn't be hearing it. Nice try, Don but we know the truth because you've been tweeting
Bye Felicia
@realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton @GOP @TheDemocrats @CNNPolitics This is why HRC warned Americans about how awfully unqualified Trump is!
There is plenty of proof. #trumpputin  #trumprussia #trumplies
Losing my healthcare and doctor because Blue Cross is leaving WI because of Obamacare.
Pelosi, Waters and all those judges who can't fallow rules need to go.
Mr. @POTU  we all can see DemocRats been coming up with all kind of acquisition just to take u down but don't let them keep drain that swamp
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJ1PDsD26zyK4FD6NeBtoK6SXUz09y94FTOv00/ …
An "independent" counsel staffed with Clinton cronies.....that's rich.
Not nice. #Stupid, #expensive & a waste of time!
trump TREASON RACIST UNETHICAL MISGUIDED PREJUDICED trump & his brainwashed supporters ignoring his attempts to belittle the less fortunate
Will it still be a phony story when you end up in jail Mr. Liar in Chief.
Isn't it. Now you could help me
Pooping your pants yet? Seems like it....
Ah, But You Have NOT Provided Truth, Either.  This is a two way street, you claim it's false, THEN PROVE THAT WHAT YOU SAY IS TRUE.
Sorry Donald not fake! You are the only fake here!!!
Interesting, the real phony is you.
you sound like a broken record.
He is a scam artist and has scammed both of you unless you are scamming him.
Real nice!
RESIGN NOW JA! You are not only embarrasing America, but puti g us in danger! #IMPEACHTRUMP #LIAR #NOTMYPRESIDENT #FAKEPRESIDENT #HACKTRUMP
你是共产党吧
I wonder when you first thought of becoming potus,what did you want to do most?please Mr President just go for it!
d
"Russia.....if you're listening....."
Remember that? The moment you told the world you were guilty as hell.
Don't give them an inch and keep moving forward. Get you guy into FBI and clean house.
"They"? The American Medical Association? The American Dental Association? WHO IS "THEY"???
Let the law affect all countries for you cannot trust anybody again
Nope not phony true as you are seeing!!
Didn't you say that's fake news. Then why did you fire Comey? Was it the recused Sessions that fed you fake news that FBI investigating you?
A good idea for increased accessibility  is to have new graduating physicians work on rural clinics for a period of time for student loan p
I
Mr. Trump. People have spiritual blindness and don't see the plan of God in your government ... judgment of God will fall upon them.Shhalom.
Lol. Ask him a Bible verse. He is the work of Satan. Evil & greedy.
They are so desperate to get their party back, the are simply crying wolf every anything.  Remember what happened to the boy who cried wolf?
It's Sickening! The Dems need to get over it and STOP ATTACKING our President! We you and appreciate all of your hard work to #MAGA #Trump
The investigation your lying and game playing brought on is still ongoing.  Be patient.  You'll be in prison soon enough.
i think your the phony one!
What color is the sky in your world? Just curious.
I mean, honestly who cares? At this point it's more about you just being a shitty person than anything.
Maybe stop doing illegal stuff and you won't need to whine. Jesus. Most pathetic @potus ever.
Zero evidence? 
Flynn/Kushner/Sessions lied about Russian ties
Changed Ukraine platform
Tried to ease Russian sanctions
No tax returns...
My @advocatehealth case a phony collusion cuz d 2nd lawyer hired lied saying my #October2004 Agreement d legal binding one & it's #nottrue
Russian collusion does not require facts it is merely a platform to place negative propaganda used to degrade efficiency of President Trump
Russian collusion story  prop that enables the Liberal Democratic Propaganda Arm of Alex n George Soros vehicle to pump anti Trump
Message
We know ! Why are you now going against russia?   Do not play into the globalist's hands by being adversaries with russia.
