Is that a baby bump I see on @Flotus?  Whom should I congratulate?
I think you mean @POTUS and it's not a baby bump, it's morbid obesity.

Stop listening to the female is lying to you
That poor woman. I can't wait til you're out of office and she's free to divorce you. Maybe you won't poison Barron with your evil ways.
No, fuck the kids, they get one scoop just like sean.
En el 2020 te vamos a sacar como pedo  de perro  de La Casa Blanca (o antes),a ti y a todos tus racistas republicanos.
Pobrecito que no te pegue la puerta al salir del el estado unidos idiota
I love how TRANSPARENT OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP IS! WE LOVE U! I can't stand the Media! Fight back, let's do it together w/UR DEPLORABLESMAGA
Can you just stop tweeting
Still waiting on congressman getting term limits.
I'm not going to stop sending you messages until you step up to me or you go to church with me. So I can give you your respect.
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJ1PDsD26zyK4FD6NeBtoK6SXUz09y94FTOv00/ …
Remember when she hit your hand away because she hates you as much as the American people? That was funny.
Is it being paid for by the poor and sick? Is this to celebrate your trillion dollar WELFARE for the RICH?
We the people are watching. the health care plan needs to be a free market .
We are honored to have you as our POTUS
I truly believe you will go down as the greatest President ever!
How much are you getting paid?
Who paid for your picnic?
We have figured out that incessant tweeting is your "tell". You seem exceptionally nervous about something today. #Trumpcare #TrumpRussia


Shame on you!
Wonderful like both of you!!!
cuck
You are soooo screwed
Didn't you have a GOP beer garden to celebrate the "mean" healthcare plan from Congress?
Obstructionists
I BELIEVE WE ARE FIXING TO SEE A GREAT HARVEST OF SOULS THEN JESUS WILL COME AND GET  US!!!!!! PRAISE GOD!!!!!
@realDonaldTrump go on a diet porky.
Great to see you rockin along the Midwest!
You average 50K likes on most tweets with 32.6 million followers. Your tweets are as popular as your policies. Fake -->  accounts. #losing
Emjoy
News Flash from the local DJ; What kind of Hotdogs did you Grill? I heard Pelosi is an excellent brand! 
AHCA
Why should we believe you?
You are a failure as POTUS-A fat, lying, psychopath. You will leave behind a legacy of embarrassment to your family & to the country. SAD
Blah
Are you telling the truth or lying? #liar = #loser
Liar.

Who wears a tie and suit to a picnic?? You are #Unamerican #GypsiesFrumpAndThieves #LiarLiar #Buffoon
Don't touch Melania..she hates you like the rest of us in #RESISTANCE.
Glad you had a great time while we suffer!!
Not nice thing to say, he does not need this job, he fights because he loves the country and it's people. Wake up.
No, he's fighting for himself and his rich friends
No, a billionaire non-politician does not need 24/7 abuse and propaganda constantly hurled at him and his loved ones, he fights as he cares!
It's not abuse and propaganda, it's facts and critism that we hurl at him because we want to survive to see the next few decades
If survival is important to you, you should hang Trumps portrait & thank it daily that you don't have a Hillary Nuclear winter right now.
No, I'm not happy with either of them, but as much as Hilary worries me, Trump downright TERRIFIES me 10x more, he's a fucking lunatic!
Nothing you do will ever be 10% as good as what @BarackObama did. #loser #resist
Shut up
Everybody at that picnic had healthcare.
And as a party gift let's hope for a big case of botulism. One way to clear the swamp.
fat pig
@HolyLanaDelRey - maybe if you could gain more respect for yourself; you would not try to project your image on one of the best POTUS ever!
Dear @realDonaldTrump,

Unite America - FORCE Mueller, Rosenstein and McCabe to resign for conflicts of interest.
Top 7 reasons that @realDonaldTrump MUST FORCE Mueller to resign IMMEDIATELY!

NOT #Watergate 

…
Love these people! God Bless the President and the first family
Someone needs to bless the USA and send these crooks and traitors packing.
Please don't destroy the world.
This man will save the world, who else will stand up the the scourge of Islamic terror? ...your President will emerge victorious. Believe it
.@FLOTUS &amp; I were honored to host our first WH Congressional Picnic. A wonderful evening &amp; tradition. @MarineBan...
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 6 Months, 28 Days, 14 Hours, 26 Minutes, and 22 Seconds
X2
Heart attack within six months... I'm calling it.
I call 3!!
Come to think of it does Trump have the necessary organ to have a heart attack?
i was there it was totally awesome
God Bless you and your family including the Administration and all the wonderful people that work hard for American. Keep getting rid demo.
mr trump. fox news poll says that 71% of americans say your tweets harm your credibilty. Baloney! It's a perfect way to talk to us.
You mean HOETUS
How do you feel about your 36% approval rating? You must be losing sleep over that.
Gallop is a joke! Didnt even poll election they are so bad. Daily Rasmussen has Trump between 45-50% regularly. Just stop
Daily Rasmussen is a joke! Trump's own daily poll has him at 1 million% all the time, even before he was president.
You made a big deal of "saving" 800 jobs at Carrier. Well, 600 of them are moving to Mexico anyway... AFTER the co. got millions in aid!
At least he is trying, you can't control every single moving part of every deal, the important thing is that he is winning for the people.
He's "winning" for himself, not "the people." He's a b.s.-er & a con artist. Remember he said he'd label China a currency manipulator Day 1?
That was a tactic, sometimes you use smoke and mirrors to make an adversary play ball, it's called bluffing, it's like playing poker..right?
You're right he's using a lot of smoke and mirrors, but it's not on China, it's on people like you.
An anecdotal selective conclusion is not an argument, it's logic fallacy.
And one you've been using a lot.
You've literally been tweeting all day
I don't think 'literally' means what you think it does sweety.
According to the dictionary, literally now also means figuratively.
The "Delusionals Guide to the Universe" is not a dictionary....you should be looking for a big book with "Oxford" written on it.
And this is special add on...poor little woman alone not
Propaganda continues to spill our of this administration. You will at least be impeached & remain a disgrace among the American people.
Our most powerful magnificent supreme fantastic leader pulling everyone together
bohica
We are not inviting any poor people. I do not like poor people at my picnic's !
You go Trump! Rah
So embarrassing every time #dontheCON speaks.
Looks like Fake FLOTUS is working on her fake smile.  Bet she can't wait for you to #Resign or be impeached & removed.  #TrumpRussia
Congratulations Mr President Sir!

A very special picnic this year! The best one since Ronald Reagan! There is no Party like a Trump Party!
Was #Hank there? He's hot

I hate to tell you, but even she is laughing at you!
Hey @FoxNews it can't be a tradition if it's the FIRST one. A tradition happens year after year. So it can't be tradition until next year.
What a farce...you are a sham as a president...a danger of a man who sows chaos and discord.
Looks hideous
which flautus? melanoma or iwanker??
Very proud you're in the WH. Loved you from Day 1 and KNEW you'd win. Don't let up on Obama/Clinton & the rest, you promised!
Oh, hooray. Your wife showed up, and you had a cookout. Good for you. Maybe you'll do something useful soon like resigning.
Ghetto theme
We're the scrurity and scrurity to the content to the content to the nation that issues a self working inverment Uhiman rights
get the D.O.Justice in order first or you'll never get the real help you need!!
Y'all ever notice when he speaks or signs anything how small the poems or desks are. Gotta make um n his small hands feel "Big"
Need a little video/giff making those desks getting smaller and smaller with each signing. Like his popularity polls.
POTUS YOU ARE LUCKY YOU HAVE THE MOST BEAUTIFUL WOMAN IN THE WORLD FLOTUS
GOd Bless Our President Trump!!!!!!
Why are corporations, at least one, choosing to go to China? So, that's a loss, coal is losing because of solar energy, and soon many, many
health care jobs, Sears.
Enjoy the ride u might want buckle up.
Thanks Boss very nice made my heart feel good Isnt this the way its supposed to be MAGA Car Code Sam 2 HPPD
Seems like our world is going to hell in a handbasket The rules that made our country greater R no longer being followed B SAFE
Sounds like fun!
I HIGHLY APPRECIATE THE EXCELLENT LEADERSHIP OF PERFORMANCE AND HOSPITALITY OF THIS GREAT AND BRIGHTEST US PRESIDENT
What was on the menu?  Tax payers?  Muslims? Endangered species?  Healthcare?
Just remember that while your living the good life, you are ruining the lives of so many by not telling congress their h/c bill will fail.
@FLOTUS of what? Has she announced goals or initiatives related to her role? Last time I checked she was eating jewelry in a bowl like pasta
She's avoiding plump Trump for fear of injury, and raising thr Red Barron. Qeustion is will she be able to shield him from this quack.


No one gives a shit
Mr. President lay off the food.
such clowns!
Healthcare could get done with interstate ins buying. What happened to that part of the plan? Competition lowers cost!
What a beautiful and elegant First Lady! Thank you so much 
I can't wait to see Melania spread out on the lawn; now that is a picnic for the Secret Service who is serving their first laidy. Poopoopedo
Surprised you didn't executive order it out of existence because Obama did that too.

So is the White House Correspondence dinner.
She doesn't want you Donnie! Neither does America!
Poor FLOTUS - having to spend another event 'faking it' with Trump. She must have to 'fake' it a lot!
Wow she's allowed to walk in front of him.
Look at you&your shitty friends doing something traditional...private party painfully oblivious to the problems we face. #WhitePrivilege
your having a picnic ! Wow ..you make me sick
You and your cheap wife
Did the Demorats show up?  No doubt, they take anything/everything that's free.
Who paid it oh yes tax payers not the rich haven't had tax raise in years  greedy
#1st Lady not involved she is a victim also.Trump you are BIG FAKE & in "Bed" with Putin. U are his "•itch". Not Potus.U have DIVIDED USA 
Oh how cute. Role playing Mr Family Values while you rip healthcare from America. Does Barron know Daddy is under investigation? Melania?
BARF
Did you have a lynching as well! You already had a Klan Rally....Why do you hate America? Release your taxes! Admit Russia interference!
I suppose the American people footed the bill for this little soirée?
Yuk you are both embarrassing
No President & first lady has every attended so many special events for the America people. They are true Patriots!
Where's Handel?
Hi liar, how are you going to destroy our standing with the world today? #NeverTrump
Ah yes Nero fiddled as Rome burned.
BLOTUS & FLOTUS: how fakely cute is that?
Oh, and WHO THE FUCK CARES?
were there any poor people there?  probably not....sad that soon we will all be poor because of Trumpcare.....
Go ahead with the Tax payers money!Anything we can all do to make all of u happy.We'll just keep working 40 Hr plus days to make ends meet!
Please tell me in this instance WH means Waffle House?
we love you 2 xoxoxox
Nothing for the kids or real people? Oh that's right. You don't like poor people.
Do you ever work?
I notice she doesn't let you touch her anymore! #wehatehimtoo!
Did she strip for them while you sat in a golf cart throwing dollar bills?
Is she really a dude or what
enjoy the time left before you go to jail
What do you know about tradition?
& U 2 looked so cozy together. She looks like she'd chew off her own leg to escape ur trap. #Pushthathandaway
You look like you might be the 400 pound hacker.  Good thing you have great healthcare.
Trump the scientist thinks people are like batteries with a certain amount of energy so if they excersize they use it up.
I Love President Trump!
Wish I was there! So much love and fun
Release your taxes!
How much $$ did you offer @FLOTUS to show?
You are an exceptionally rude person.
I would love to see the Draft come back and FORCE Everyone of these snowflake trolls be put on front lines with nobackup IP addresses gotcha
