This doesn't make sense
#dotard 
You are right about the fake news. Especially the fake news about Ted Cruz father and your Russian hackers, communist traitor.
She has beaten you by 3 million votes. Which tells a lot of how much you suck.
Ha ha cranky this morning? Must be another bombshell about to drop....
When do you plan on stopping the banter about fake news.  Please advise so I can order a case of champagne...
The greatest influence was your Russian buddies...let's not forget.
Alzheimers patient Zero is still tweeting this shit 9 months after taking office GET OVER IT YOU #DOTARD You are a SAD embarrassment to USA
You ARE A TRAITOR
Hillary won the election by the largest margin in Presidential history. Get over it dude and try to move on!
The election was 10+ months ago. You are clearly deranged & obsessed w HRC. Keep demonstrating your complete unfitness for office. #dotard
Why, why, why are you harping on this right now? Deflection is transparent. Dodge the nukes.
amen

President Pence is getting ready to take over.
Crooked Trump
Russia's 'hacking' was an attempt to undermine faith in the process and in leadership, not to alter outcomes. They were wildly successful.
Waaaah.
Russia! Russia! Russia! Was the greatest influence!
Dude you ARE getting senile - ranting on and on about the election you won. Calm down and stop being a dotard #dotardinchief
You won, though you had a lot of foreign help. Get over it! You are supposed to be POTUS (God help us!), start acting like it.
Why are you obsessing 10 months later?
Still??? Go to sleep...
You  MR president are deranged
Says the bad president!
Why are you so obsessed with HRC? You kind of love her, don't you?  No other reasonable explanation for your obsession with her.
I like Trump cuz he's hung up on the past and doesn't focus on moving forward with running the country and MAGA! Keep up the negativity!
Look behind you there comes Kim Jong Un, run for your life Mr. President.
correction:  bad candidate ws you. election ws stolen w/ aid from Russians.  Stealing 2 win makes u a cheat, a thief and a liar. CrookedDJT
Behave! You can't call professional, principled media  #fakenews simply for calling you on your racist ignorant sexist inadequacy #Trump!
Hillary is no longer a threat to you but Mueller is. Russia interfered and you have said NOTHING. Tells us ALL what's really going on.
Putin’s mouthpiece using Putin’s tactics.
As Mueller gets closer, you get more nervous.
Mueller scares you, doesn't he?
Are you afraid of something you're not telling us?
I'm afraid you're going to vote in the next election.

You're ignorance knows no bounds. She is a POLITICIAN you are NOT. Stop looking outward for YOUR problems - the problem is YOU. #MuellerTime

You’re obsessed with her, you fucking freak.
Poor little hysterical thing. Do you need a shoulder to cry on 
Hillary was an awful candidate which is why she is hanging out at Costco now.
Hillary never spoke to the American people, she refused to put America First!


America First!
The American people wanted a President who put America First. Hillary put Wall Street first.
The greatest influence over our election was those who voted!
So I'm glad to see that Trump finally admits that Fox News was responsible for the outcome of this horrendous election!
Just give up already and stop blaming Hillary for your crimes!!
Do you plan to blame Hillary for why they give you Chicken instead of Beef in Prison?
The greatest influence over our Russian engineered and Russian rigged election was Russia 
You are truly delusional. I bet you can feel the walls closing in on you as you and all your buddies get ever closer to prosecution.
Donald was far far worse, and Donald lost by 3,000,000 votes, he just can't count, and has poopy diapers and senile dementia, so sad
Pres t. You started fake news with saying Obama was not American! Donald Trump the starter of fake news
except she actually understands politics & is intelligent while you have the vocabulary of a 5th grader
Hey orangey.    You lost the election, remember?  #kimovertrump
Never heard the term "fake news" in any other presidency?
Funny how the "Fake Present" coined the term!
Again the blame game host speaks!
Stop talking about HRC, what is not fake news, the Russian probe
Aw. Shut up about her already. You are a broken record. Blah. Blah. Blah.

Too bad Russia wasn't an ex-correspondent for The Daily Show #ForeignInfluence at it's finest

You are a traitor, and everyone will find that out soon enough.
Your staff member Jarrod using private email sad it’s true so Kushner is ok to use private e mail server.
While you are the worst candidate EVER!
Are you bored this Saturday morning Donny? Consider some of the real problems you have!
#TrumpRussiaCollusion #NorthKorea #PopularVoteLooser
Putin Bitch is #45 u & ur clown show will all be out of the WH in due time #MuellerInvestigation getting closer by the day #ImpeachTrump
She was a bad candidate. You are a bad criminal, but a criminal none the less.
As if u are a good candidate ,I am sure u will be shown the way out for rigging the elections with ur group of Russian mafias a
Hey vonnie boii.....
Dude you've been talking about crooked Hillary for ever now. If you're going to do something them do it already otherwise just shut up
Always with the Hillary... 
You really are a dotard.  
Hmmm guess Kim Jung-un had the best word.  #Sad
https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.hermancain.com%2Fheres-a-fun-picture-of-the-libr&h=ATPml0Zwn0ufVxHfdXHZkgHbjo-b41RoachiOCCgxg7AsNvNRWbNxgtYw1wihXaT3HfAmi3KYd8wVTkbOhvh1d76KZNtwGu0V-3HOTVy0Hl2_nRMivYNiurCppreu1FOmS0CtQB7rAB-5CVIo8CECXOA8ZY5UFEt2g1SyIL9MoanbCIcMB6xKMAxChTEsJcY0KwF7TkHYidq4afDX55SktjPV4CiqjY-kApA6dp_CDNcBGjm5f-p7iQekrf5HgOApY32gDPj0r0Yak94LGfqmKFOUTrG_IrA …
and so are you!!!
Build the wall. Deport them all. That's all you have to do. Get to it.
Good Lord move on already..start acting like an adult...who can look up to this child of a president?
You, loser, are the worst thug to ever tarnish the principles of this land to its very core.  Traitor, debtor, loser!
You just can't stand the fact that even a female first grader is smarter than you are. Pity.  You'll be fired soon.
I agree not to mention all the Soros money which really does have a hold on the media I know because I have friends that are BIG Superstars.
And when they're not in front of the media and people that would sell them out they don't have the same crappy opinions of the left.
Tell us donnie,
Does Malania have
Dual Citizenship?
What about her
Parents?
How many
RUSSIANS R U
Letting Immigrate
2 U.S.?
An INCREASE?
You are our fake president !
I believe Hillary would have won up against any other republican but you!  You got votes from all parties, all ppl groups, plus new voters.
What I love is how the media shows proof of your lies, video of you completely saying the opposite, right after you lie! How are you POTUS?
and a traitor.... don't forget that... aren't traitors supposed to be hung...she and Bill sold military secrets to the Chinese.... Traitors
She got more votes which makes you???????
Goodnight. Where do you get this from? Oh ya, Sean Hannity.
What's your nickname for Jared? Forgetful Kushner? Didn't disclosure personal email. Lock him up!
NFL Commissioner Goodell should be FIRED and replaced by "Iron Mike" Ditka!  His political correctness is ruining the game!
FAKE NEWS IS WHAT YOU DO PUTTING YOUR DAUGHTER-IN-LAW AND RACIST KALIE MCENAIN TO REPORT! FUCK OFF YOU FUCKING WORLD-CLASS MORON!
Greatest impact was the collusion of fake. EWS from you. Easy one to see... guess they are going for treason and a Trump cell block
History will show you to be the FRAUD most of America sees through. Your legacy will be a sad one, worst one eve,r most lies, most scandal
@WhiteHouse @StateDept @Interior @BreakingF24  @POTUS NO! IT'S THE 21 STATES WHICH WERE HACKED IN THE 2016 ELECTION BY RUSSIA #TRUMPRUSSIA
RUSSIAN hackers in 21 states.  NICE TRY with the distraction but FAIL.
From crooked Donald. King of crooked.
HEY DOTARD!! You won, OK? Now get down to the peoples business rather than acting like a 9 year old!
#Worst_POTUS_Ever
At least our village clown admits the anti Hillary crap was FAKE NEWS
Oh fer chrissakes,  go do something. Quit your crying on Twitter you big baby.
For America's betterment: A psychology article that applies to the topic:
The fact you can't stop talking about the election & Hillary just proves you have a small mind. Get over it already.
He is our great President....believe me he 's been over it. She (Hillary, the loser) can't seem to get over it.
You might want to look into that more.  Thought your mom would have taken Twitter away from you by now. :)
Huh?

My soda just went out thru my nose ....
Lying over and over doesn't make it true. Resign! Can't wait for you to go to jail.
#crybabydon stop whining.  it makes you look worse than you already are.
Oh...ya...u look like a real winner....
Jeff Sessions must bring charges.
Soooo agree with you
The greatest apparent influence in our election was Putin.
YOU ARE A FAKE PERSON!!!

Mueller's coming!
She was not a great candidate and you are the biggest disaster in the history of this country. Hands-down, you win bigly! RUSSIA.
She is far more knowledgeable and honest that you will ever be. Filled your coffers some now that your President? RUSSIA?
Advice:  LET IT GO! She WON the POPULAR VOTE!!! Get the HELL OVER IT ALREADY!
NO DONALD IT WAS YOUR RUSSIAN FRIENDS
The greatest influence over our election was the Fake News Media screaming for Crooked Hillary Clinton Next, she was a bad candidate in bed!
At least we know how you look in orange so it won't be a shock when you are convicted for treason. #putinsbitch
Let it go you fool
20+ states voting info was hacked by Russia per government documents.  Saying crap doesn't make it true.
Hillary sucks and is a super predator criminal maybe @jeffsessions will get off his duff and prosecute her, I'm beginning to think bad 
#LOCKHERUP! ENOUGH ALREADY!
Furthermore, the Russians supported Mr. Trump because they knew  Hillary would be impossible to manipulate once in office.
Hmmmm....talk to your son dude about emails....
it actually scares you now - the fact that your victory may have been given to you illegally and you may or may not have known....
Actually it was the Russian tweetbots hired by your Master Putin. But don't let those pesky facts bother you.
You are so illiterate only way you won was with the Russians
The only think fake in the election was you Trump.
Somebody has a BIGGO CRUSH on Hillary!!! I get it now! Lol! You dirty dog! STILL to every minute, Hillary,Hillary, Hillary!! Awww,so cute!!
What's with you fixation for Hilary? Did she refuse your advances? Get over it shit for brains.
The greatest influence over our election was the Russian Gov't "screaming" for Dotard Drumpf. Good for them, bad 4 America!
IF YOU NEED HEALTH INSURANCE please note that sign-up for the Affordable Care Act is from NOVEMBER 1 -DECEMBER 15 this year.
Perhaps she WAS a bad candidate, but she stood/stands for human decency and the common man.she also knows you're a despicable low life.
Someone is going to get locked up and it's not Hillary Clinton. #FakePresident
Says the goblin who hasn't the intellect or appreciation 4 the gravity of the Office #ImpeachmentIsImminent
Will you EVER stop talking about your rigged election? You can never be validated.
I am bored with you. Shock is over and now you are just like a #kardashian. Irrelevant.
Is Tweeting the best use of your time, President Rump? Aren't there, you know, presidential things you could be doing?
She's blaming everyone, everything but herself on why she lost . Sir she needs to be brought to justice cause no one should be above the law
I agree with you completely Kimberly.
Remember this? The press believed she would win.
Go to bed! You have been annoying all day.
Stop, please get off of Twitter.  My reco, you need to move on.  The election sir is OLD NEWS.  Stop talking about it AND STOP name calling!
But HIS EMAILS!! LOCK HIM UP!!
You win the election. Why continue to speak negatively about Hillary? I don't even know you and I dislike the type of person you are.
And its going on and on 
You got the first one right! Finally!  Admitting it was FAKE news against Hillary that allowed you to win. But not by the popular vote!
Da dum da dum da dum. Mueller' coming. 
And look at what we got instead - a corrupt, inept con man grifter  installed by Russia who serves only the wealthy. Sad! & disgusting.
Still talking about Hillary?She lost like stop bringing her up already.God I hope the rest of these years go fast.Just resign already
Fake #trump.... SUPER FAKE AND CROOKED
She may have been a bad candidate, bit she is a better leader than you will ever be and will still be loved by millions!
the ONLY reason you are in the oval office is due to Russia and your sick deplorable "base." That will all end very soon.
She was so sure she won boy did she get a surprise.
Not as bad as you.
Oh donnie..though does protest too much.  TOO TOO Much. Besides there is evidence...ya didn’t hide ya tracks well..we can see the proof.
"Me thinks he doth protest too much"?  Is that what you mean. Or thou doth protests too much? Just trying to clear it up. It's my fav saying
HELLO AGAIN DOTARD!
You, @realDonaldTrump are a sad, obsessed little man. #getoverit #sosad
STOP SINGLING PEOPLE OUT. You're supposed to be acting presidential
That's what we would like too, it's not going to happen 
You lost the popular vote to a bad candidate, if only you would've ran against a decent one....
Get over it toddler man.....
Hello
Last time I checked you were a #dotard
So were you but we got stuck with you. Just remember over 3 million people wanted her instead.
Dead n illegals and bussed to several voting precincts Clean up voter registrations n Voter ID Required no last minute felons  Try  to keep it legal libs TRY
You know best. You have colluded with Russia, Mr Trump.
I don't understand why she is still free to walk the streets.
Bad candidate I doubt it! @HillaryClinton is a true patriot and the President of the USA also what about putin-KGB and your payola scams?!

The only fake news is you calling Hillary crooked.  Get over yourself and grow up.
Your obsession with the woman you defeated is almost as bad as your obsession with the black man you replaced. Move on!
and you were the worst evercanidate couldnt win without cheating
Fake president. He knows fake when he lives it

No your the worst!
Really big guy Hillary? You know you won the election right? Quit trying to deflect back to Sec Clinton. You won but the Russians helped
Holy shit Cheeto...let it go already.  You won, get over it.
Still whining over losing the popular vote? Get over it.
She never had a chance while you were colluding with the Russians. But you have proven that you are a liar thus making yourself Fake News.
No... you are an embarrassment to this country...  let it go - you are in this office. Grow up and act like an adult instead of a child.
Would you please shut up and let the investigation run its course? Why are you so concerned if you've done nothing wrong???


They threw away millions trying to jail HRC. They cheated me out of $450 a month to pay for it.
Fake president fake news that's you
fake news media, fake POTUS, even Melania has to fake it
Then they mustn't be as strong as you think since you "won".
Pot kettle black....
Get over it! You and your Russian cronies are going down. You chose to be a traitor and you list popular vote by over 3 million.
I love your syntax. Then, there was another sentence.
You were both bad candidates.
Shut up please

