

You promised no to Daca
Republican Senators are working very hard to get there, with no help from the Democrats. Not easy! Perhaps just let OCar...
Burn baby burn they want the country to look like Detroit
You're a lying monster.
They shut Dems out.
They had no replacement plan for 8 years.
You stink at the art of the deal. 
Even your ghost writer lost respect.
If the republican senators" get there"then millions of US citizens will die.we can not live without medical care.
Since you locked the Democrats out of the process!
How can it not be "easy?" You have the MAJORITY in BOTH houses! You could pass ANY legislation you could actually agree on!
Don't blame your shitty governing on the democrats.
We are saying the same thing about your base Mr. President. No help from you, maybe just let @POTUS And @VP crash and burn all on their own
You'd love that...sorry, buddy, you'll never be a President Obama..
DonTheCon. What does it feel like to wake up every day and know that the majority of America finds you disgusting?
And the number is growing by the day
I say let it crash cause by the time it does #Democrats will be back in control and then a real fix of what's broken will occur.
Democrats won't help because tRumpdon'tcare is a freaking disaster. What the hell happened to republicans that has made them so hateful?
Trump is the best president ever, democrats feel at home losing and can not leave safe space. An emotion of the win would traumatize Dems
Why should the Democratic Party help screw over the sick and poor?
RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS
Still stuck there? Need help coming out? Maybe some therapy?
Or, fix it...there's that. Medicaid cuts is a non-starter for Dems. You know that. You also promised to protect it. #LiarInChief
Need ability to buy across state lines. Get government out of health care. America rose to prominence without government healthcare.
بيع السلاح للسعوديه يقتل اطفال اليمن هل عندك ضمير أو استبدل بقطعة نقدية

And then there's Marie Harf.
You are the worst president ever. I hope you have a massive coronary.
If you allow o care crash and burn purposely,  we should sue Republican party for not doing their job.
Congratulations, you are officially worse for Americans that ISIS and Al Qaeda combined. "Trump" will become synonymous with #treason.
No help from Democrats? The plan was specifically designed IN SECRET by 13 Republican men. How exactly did you want the Democrats to help?
You mean like. We had to pass so you could read
Why not fix what's wrong with the ACA instead of hurting millions of vulnerable Americans? Der-Da-Der!!
Trump STOP BLAMING EVERYONE ELES
Sir, tell them to a) repeal and ) develop real solution not based on Obamacare at all
You're already sabotaging it, you and the @SenateGOP @HouseGOP will pay dearly in 2018 if you don't come up with a better plan and fix ACA!
Let ObamaCare fail. Let the obstructionist democrats own their failure and give away mega majorities in the House and Senate.
You don't care about all Americans like @BarackObama did. You want to punish and destroy anyone who doesn't agree with you.
& children with incomes less than specified percent of the federal poverty level (FPL),& qualified Medicare Beneficiaries (QMB's)
Obama has thrown everyone else but the kitchen sink on top of those it was originally intended for...
It's too early
Why are you and Republicans trying to kill us.   The affordable Care act will only crash because you want it to and won't fund.   Fix it.
You will crash and burn long before Obamacare does! 
DELETE IT FOR GOOD, GET OUT OF IT, ( DELETE )
Yes let it do so! Very wrong if Cruz & Paul t against it. Pls make it truly better & available on the free mkt.
If the Self absorbed Repubs vote No, I agree. Then let hate filled Dems explain their actions to voters. No bailout for Dems on Obamacare!
علي وضعك يا شبح
When everyone in government agrees to have the EXACT same healthcare being proposed, including YOU- perhaps pass it. #TrumpCare #GOP #ACA
I guess lying Ted Cruz didn't want to help you this time, nor Rand Paul. Hard for Democrats to help when they can't see/modify the bill.
Obviously democrats don't want to help you destroy Americas health care and Trumpcare is going to crash and burn
Along with Americans who rely on their coverage...oh right, they're poor, children, old, and disabled, not your rich play friends.
I agree, just let it crash and burn, then the Democrats will come crawling for your help
You cannot blame the dems. GOP hold majority in house and senate. The bill is garbage, consider single payer. It benefits all
GOP made money off of insurance lobbying. This should not happen. They're being paid to make sure obamacare fails.
Our health care system isn't perfect but thankfully not the mess USA is in.
Working hard to screw over the disabled, those with preexisting conditions. Some GOP Senators won't even support Trumpcare.
Trump promised not to cut Medicaid, which he is now pushing to be cut. Just another yuge Trump lie. Nothing new to see here.
 what He lied? No I can't believe 45 would lie about something so serious, after all he keeps saying "Money First" oh sorry "America First"
Working in secret, placing insurance companies before the public. Who still believes anything you say?
Yeah that's what obamacare did lol. For a few big insurance companies that got really rich while decreasing competition and screwing most
Now I do agree that the republican bill is no better, because they're just as corrupt and incompetent as Dems
If you'd stop actually sabotaging #Obamacare, it would do just fine. But I see what you're doing here....
You won't pass the death bill from the repubs, then you will make it your goal that insurance companies pull out of o-care...
You look like a hero for not passing death bill, dems look bad for o care failing. Which it wasn't before you got your tiny hands in it.
You could try actually caring about all Americans instead of trying to turn people against each other.
Please get the Govt out of health care.  PERIOD!
Can't work, unfortunately. They're doing a bad job of involving the govt, but healthcare never was or can be a "free market".
Are you an economist? Once you get over HC being a right, it'll make more sense. It worked a helluva lot better for me b4 O-care
Agreed. Should have left it alone to begin with.  Goverment meddling = always empties taxpayer pockets
In "free market" the word "market" is us. The people are the market, not the companies. They're the marketplace. So, what's a "free market"?
A marketplace where we are free to chose what we want and not have it rammed down our fucking throats.
Yeah, Obamacare sucks. It was always going to. I'm explaining why it can't be a free market.
Healthcare shouldnt be "for profit"  for starters
literally can't think of a more divisive way to run a country. if you want people to stop saying "not my president," stop being so partisan
Well I don't even view him as being partisan. This bill breaks the promises and traditions of republicans. Rand Paul calls the bill
i speak less about policy and more about language. trump is for trump first, but he's dividing a nation with an us vs them mentality
And democrats don't have an "us vs. them" mentality? I am a democrat and I can honestly say the party is no different. Divisive
a president should govern a country not half of it; he has to rise against petty party politics - he should be bigger than that
Okay. So democrats in congress should continue to be divisive? I think that BOTH sides have to tone down the rhetoric or you'll see 0
being partisan for partisan's sake is never a good thing; no one is arguing that, but it's LITERALLY the president's job to unite us.
I am partisan. I'm a democrat and I hold our party to a high standard. I'm not someone who just argues. My party is out of control. I'm open
Take away it's funding, if it cannot sub stained itself then it's not working.
You have been working hard to let it crash and burn since day one. Threats not to fund. That's on you. But your followers won't see it.
Just repeal and let people get their own health care some might actually be forced to get out and get a job Tired of paying for lazy people
Walk away and let it crash!
That's b/c they haven't reached out to the Ds. Get your facts straight, 45!
As a American I am upset that you and congress refuse to give us the same insurance as congress. I will change my vote if we don't same!!!
shut up
Well, next time, they could go medieval & use a battering ram  to knock GOP doors down. Thereby unlocking dems to thwart evil. #youfucker
How about instead of crash & burn you Do Your Job and fix it, since Rs can't seem to get their act together after 9 years of opposition
Proving you don't give a shite about the American people. It's all about erasing Obama.
The GOP needs to grow some balls and do a full repeal
Because not all the people are against it ! Your only after sick vendettas against Obama, a great President! #Impeachment
No help? GOP would have to let them in the room first M.
Keep the GOP promise of full repeal. #KeepThePromise #2018 #UnitedForFreedom
They locked the dems out of the process! The GOP has been promising for 7yrs to replace The ACA and they have nothing?
Thongs are confusing,hard to see who is right so make what you are saying in the light of the people. We really are watching
Let it.
Every time we have hope that there's a grown up running the country you tweet to reassure us that it's not so. My God just stop!
Liar
Literally the republicans refused to talk about this bill. What is WRONG with you? Something is very wrong with you.
Again u show stupidity, democrats are not allowed to help, the American people are not allowed either only spevial interest grps like phatm
滚犊子
Perhaps. What are these Democrats good for? Nothing it would seem.
Have the politicised CBO score the ACA as it stands now.
#LiarLiar #WorstPresidentEver #FakePresident
Yeah. Let it crash and burn. After all it's just millions of American lives at stake...not yours
Yea the bumblingpublics did ask them, you get sicker every day
Did they get invited to the presidential #BCRA dinner & bus ride tonite? Yeah, didn't think so.
Under your watch?  It will be your  history.
Dems aren't being allowed to help because GOP have blocked them out of the process. You have turned our democracy into authoritarianism.
Would love to see you crash and burn. It'll be soon.
GREAT idea! Leave it alone! Let is "crash & burn". Double-dog-dare you
Democrats are not willing to screw poor people to benefit the rich so go back to your Hoover "root hog or die" R types for help.
Make America laugh again.  Donald Trump for bestest comedian.  He deserves an apology.  I am so, so sorry that you are president when ......
Not easy is right - just learning that? Lookls like no one has a good plan
good.to.konw
FFS @realDonaldTrump you'll eat your own if you think it will make you money.Hope those millions of lives leave a bitter taste in your mouth
By all means let ACA crash and burn. Then you can own it and the consequences. Your willingness to step up to responsibility is inspiring.
I am not an elected person, BUT I know the smartest Health Care Bill--give all of us what the Congressman & Senators get!He He He! Yea Right
You can't negotiate with a payer of healthcare without negotiating with the provider for lower cost. You can't have both
The ACA is not going to "crash and burn," it's a great bill that needs some tweaks but of course you have to destroy it because O'black.
Just sit there and do nothing. You are very good at it.
If Ocare was going to crash and burn it would have done it by now. #Trumpdoesntknowhowthingswork
You are the one crashing and burning at 36% approval in the US and the rest of the world despises you & finds you deranged.

You are a charlatan and the worst president ever!
Won't happen!
GOP senators I hope that you will work for people that elected you for to serve us, Please, get out the disaster of Ocare means to taxpayers
Please consider this complex solution God gave me called Big Tickets Expense Program. It is a solution to more than healthcare. God bless U
64 yr old making $26,500/yr will pay $6,500 premium under YOUR plan. If rent is $14,000/year, she gets $70 week to live on
You Libs are deranged. It's fun to witness...until you start shooting of course.
Sir you have lost your mind. Your thinking will be the death of us all.  If you want to protect America, do you job right or leave. #resist
How presidential, rather letting people lose health care instead of just fixing what is wrong with the system. Truely a man of the people
They don't get the help because of your transfer of wealth using the healthcare policies that are going to kill us.
Yes, let's do that! Nothing would be better than your POS.
Yeah that's a great idea screw people over because you aren't willing to make changes to ACA.
Repair, don't replace. GOP plan is despised by economists, doctors, patients, and most of USA. Obamacare works in many states.
It's hard to help when you are not invited to secret meetings.  The GOP continues to divide this country.
Agreed  Let it Crash & Burn
We'll run the Libs outta DC on a rail & they'll take thr asinine way of thinking outta town 2 Ive nevr hrd such baphoonery
Why are you & the GOP being so mean to the American people?
Please listen to sen Mike Lee, Rand Paul, Ted Cruz. They are on to something.  Total removal of Obamacare like you said you would competion
You will not stop until you destroy as much of 44's legacy as you can babymanYOU can never come close to the man he is.
Yes, please just leave the ACA alone. (It won't crash and burn, but if you have to tell yourself that to leave it alone, by all means...)
BOMB FIRE,WE THE PEOPLE WILL SHOW UP WITH EXPLOSIONS #TRUMP TRAIN
13 Republican men behind closed doors wrote your #Trumpcare bill..no Republican women.. no Democrats invited either!! UNAMERICAN! Bad Bill!
You and your obstructionist party have been trying to force it into a nose dive for eight years. No "let" to it.
Kinda hard to "help" when everything the GOP does is behind closed doors.
Agreeing let it burn drain the swamp w/ healthcare
NO
TAX
CUTS
FOR
THE 
RICH
is there any campaign promise you wont break?
That'd be fine. Dems can't help if they can't see the bill until the 11th hlur
Soon. @realDonaldTrump
Why not? by (sort of) electing you  President the American people are letting this nation crash and burn
Trump's Isis healthcare bill! It kills and terrorizes millions of Americans!
Did Donald bully senators who were going to vote against the #trumphealthcare plan when he called all 52 Rep. Senators into his
Why you're always set to fall dirt on others try to do something remarkable that'll led people to believe in you instead of listening you.
You have made no attempt to work with dems but accuse them of giving no help. No attempt at all to fix system, you just want to replace it
Rs drafted bill in TOTAL SECRECY...behind CLOSED DOORS

Dems not helping??? Give me a break. Only 13 white Rs guys involved

Stop *lying*.
More people currently believe in BIGFOOT than support TrumpDeath care. That's very Bigly! Congrats!
No tweet regarding War on Drugs!
Another Obama nightmare!!!
Buttercup, when you hijack the plane with the cure in it, "perhaps just letting it crash & burn!" means lots of innocents die needlessly.
How about just REPEALING the ENTIRE THING - THEN make NEW laws adjusting the insurance industry...
... they just made the rich richer and screwed over everyone else
You need to resign before you kill us all.
It's hard for the Democrats to help when they aren't allowed in the room.
Bull. Shit. A Republican President, House & Senate. This is all you, whether you change it or not. You promised a better plan, now deliver.
CROOKED DONALD:  you want to be president of ALL the people, but only invite GOP senators to WH to find a solution to health care.  Failure!
Why do you need Democrat support in a Republican controlled government?
True
Yes....let it fail and burn and then all is on the Dems as it was all voted in by them....can fix mess afterwards...
Republicans are working very hard to ensure that millions of Americans "crash and burn", by cutting their benefits while increasing cost.
Rational Americans know you have our backs....Very grateful for YOU, Sir
Yes, let Obamacare crash & burn!!!
or fix it like there were suppose to do. Horrible humans, forcing Americans to be sicker. Bad, bad.
You might want to review your Health care policy to see if it covers your severe mental disorders
Please do, as long as we don't have your disastrous healthcare bill we have a chance of living. So please let Obama care "crash and burn." 
So...which is it?  Has Obamacare failed or are you waiting for it to fail?  One or the other, big guy.  You can't have it both ways.
I think we need to let Obamacare crash and burn.
Lets cut your Health Care??? Sad
YOU ARE THE WORST!!!!!!!!!
Maybe no help from dems BECAUSE THE REPUBS WON'T GIVE THEM ANY AMENDMENTS! unlike ACA with over 100 repub amendments
If Ocare crashes you will be blamed. It's a double edged sword. Damned if you do Damned if you don't.  It's a team effort here.
You too should be a shame to play politics with American citizens lives.
Oh, right, because intentionally sabotaging healthcare millions use is good for JUST YOU. You make me hope hell is real. Keep eating KFC.
Steady the course blow them off there just trying to slow u down you will be remembered as the people President not like Obama thank you sir
Oh, yes it is quite easy. All you have to do is work FOR the people, instead of AGAINST them. You and @GOP are so hateful!
