no you will ruin us. The next president will have to clean your mess up.
Perhaps you should think before you tweet. China is fast becoming a global powerhouse, thanks to your idiotic policies! This "maga" bullshit is your equivalent to a carnival barker at the county fair exciting the crowds before the dancing chicken comes out.
Excellent tweet! I am following u!
yes like legalizing hemp and medical marijuana for starters. Huge money market for our economy! You can't deny that!
Since we already have the lowest unemployment rate since 1970. How do you plan on lowering it further?
Trumps understanding of macroeconomics is not understood by gangs of lawyers, judges, banksters, without any real experience in business.
I love hearing the talk..I hope you are going to walk the walk
@GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP Your tax plan is working SO well already. Received my first paystub for 2018 $0.38 that is 38 CENTS less taken out WOO HOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!! That is a WHOPPING $19.76 A YEAR!!!!! Thank you SOOOOO MUCH!!!!! jackass!!!
pic.twitter.com/rkRaorVDGH
entire world shud charge higest tax on #coke and #PEPSI where ever it is sold
you still can't produce as many jobs as the Obama Administration over 15 million in 8 years #wethepeople2018
we can start by ending all income tax! Punishing success and production is idiotic!
重要團體National Unions發起人陳長宏（Long Chen）曾說：「讓美國再次偉大，美與中華民國（Republic of China)復交，才是讓美國重返榮耀最偉大決策，付諸行動必成為最有膽識、最有能力、且名留千史美國總統。
I hope it happens soon, My employer is cutting staff, cutting back in evry way he can so we have jobs but I do not no if we will survive. Need tax break badly. It is scary not knowing if I will have a job day to day. Ma. is not a sm business friendly state at all.
With President Trump at the wheel! NO doubt in my mind. THANK YOU
And then and only then, will Ivanka and I will still be using the same ole Sweatshop's that has made us millions of dollars.
Trumps making importers pay lost accrued taxation domestic production provides our Revenue Base will end offshore production/profit taking.
sir..US ia already a hub of innovation
You are aware that all Americans would love having things made in America we can't afford it Do you know that NOT RIGHT
har har modi
DJT for President..oh wait a tick...BAM! In your face snowflakes. I'm not ready to make nice.
blah blah blah!
And that is how it should be
Top Trump Advisor Indicted On 30 Charges, Major Scandalhttp://news.groopspeak.com/breaking-top-trump-advisor-indicted-on-30-charges-major-scandal/ …
and world leaders in clean sustainable manufacturing . China will learn from us. We can do it!
Total BS, Donald. You do not even know where the Chevy Cruze is made. YOU ARE OUT OF YOUR EFFIN MIND.pic.twitter.com/nmoNX67Jx3
Yes, and if we STOP the greatest SPY working against the USA ISRAEL we'll do even better...http://wearechange.org/us-officials-israel-spying-on-america-has-reached-terrifying-levels/ …
http://wearechange.org/us-officials-israel-spying-on-america-has-reached-terrifying-levels/ …
.@realDonaldTrump Honey, you're still campaigning from the tower.
Mr. Trump, are you oblivious to the fact that your constituents perfer Mike Pence at the helm instead of you?
R U Sure ??? Well it is good to have dreams!!
unless you decide to run America like one of your casinos. Right into the ground.pic.twitter.com/JDeaNsdkIS
hump, pump, bump, lump, dump, gump, jump, slump, stump, Donald Trump
Shouldn't you be preparing for a press conference, which you promised, instead of tweeting inane things ?
We already are. @realDonaldTrumppic.twitter.com/7HunvTVLGh
What a concept. This is why so many of us voted 4 you. #MAGA the M now = Making
not with you around threatening every country out there except your lover #Putin. You are a PROBLEM
Hard to be a leader in innovation when you refute science 101.
Don't you have an intelligence briefing to be at? We're waiting for your bigly announcement re: the Russian hackers.
The campaign is over. Time to stop slapping yourself on the back.
Ahhhhhhh isnt all your shit made overseas....
Speaking of innovation. Your mouth sideways looks like a hairless pussy. Don't try to grab it bro.pic.twitter.com/JuvFqzQv3C
oh no! Now that you told him that all we will see him doing in interviews is touch his mouth.
you're truly stupid and an embarrassment to your countrypic.twitter.com/nl5EyKxfYo
Because it's a bad idea to bring jobs back here? http://promotingchildsafety.blogspot.com/2017/01/did-you-just-say-its-wrong-to-bring.html …
they were gonna do it anyway. At least he didn't bribe them with 7m tax break this time I suppose.
Donald whining about President Obama is hilarious given that Trump for years led the racist birther crusade. @realDonaldTrump
Donald does and never has whined. Obama, the criminal, is about to be indicted. Obama is a traitor. Time will show the truth.
that's good
go trump go. You're the best.
are you a real bot?
When will you start talking about your own factories coming back to the US? Or those immigrant jobs at your son's vineyard?
he doesnt own factories.
is driving the socialist left totally Fricking nuts with the ideal of America being great again. Oil the rust belt Donald!
NATIONAL DEBT?
virou presidente é só fica no Twitter caralho?
will your company be paying BIG TAX for having all your stuff made overseas? Yes we all know this fact!
Why don't these stupid companies get that only you and Ivanka are allowed to make your products abroad?!
Tommy, the man hasnt even had his 1st day on the job which he is doing for free after fighting THE LIBRRAL
American Innovation will be led by the man who scotch tapes his tie to his shirt.pic.twitter.com/y5vCttB2BJ
So will you immediately hire american workers for Mar-A-Lago & stop producing your clothes in China? Please advise ASAP
actually he doesnt have any clothing being mfg in China currently. Theres been no recent production anyway
And we should believe you because you believe him?
Unfortunately, our new president is an embarrassing clown.
is there nothing better 2 do w ur time? I feel like u clowns need a pat on your head & a sugar free Capri sun
coming from the guy who produced huge amounts of his business and campaign products abroad.
Do not ignore automation. Jobs are for machines. Humans need income for markets, meaningful work that's voluntary, & time.pic.twitter.com/4TLTkaJdMu
automation is coming. But offshoring still largest cause of job loss
No it's not. Automation is responsible for 85-88% of job loss. http://bigstory.ap.org/article/265cd8fb02fb44a69cf0eaa2063e11d9/mexico-taking-us-factory-jobs-blame-robots-instead …pic.twitter.com/3t1YcgtqTv
I saw other more detailed stats over 16 year timeline. Explain trade deficit then?
It means we buy more than we sell. Amt a country's imports exceeds its exports FYI
duh. But why?
Because we CONSUME more
release your tax returns and prove you aren't owned by Russia.
Ah, the old "but Hillary" pivot.pic.twitter.com/ItHPcH5bEN
It's the only defense they have. Which is sad because it's a horrible defense.
pic.twitter.com/xndPyYsXoM
Dubai and China next then Donnie?pic.twitter.com/XII9fJcVGj
GOP has news conference without being able to hear the questions
PREZ HOW? WHEN WHO WILL BE CREATING THESE JOBS? WHO OKS MONEY U ALONE
- Corporations are Nation Treasures not a host for a parasitic government
#oureverafter2017bc
There are homeless people camped out under your luxury housing billboard.pic.twitter.com/ko4aarCcTY
you and your ilk will rape America.
it's people like you are the reason we have problems in the United States now
We already the most innovating country in the world. So this is a bullshit statement.
I know you'll be the greatest president in history
BLAH BLAH BLAH blither, distract, barf and spew.
Love you to pieces
you are a fraud. I hate that you won but I'm excited to tell my kids I saw your resignation live. #FireTrump #ResignAlready
and it will be a Resignation or Impeachment! But, it WILL be!
Have you brought your manufacturing & jobs back to the US yet? @realDonaldTrumppic.twitter.com/Dxez7E1hLn
Yes God willing!
The only magnetic attraction we will have is for despicable so called humans to come here and feel free to spout hate!
Thanks for your excellent efforts. Ignore the whiners, they'll complain no matter what. Whiners, whine.
you are going to be the best president this country has ever seen. Thank god for you.
love your winning attitude
And free reign to assault women. https://youtu.be/t7PM9kwFwnc 
how?
P.U.S.H.
not if you rejected science and green energy
@DonaldJTrumpJr I believe it's "magnate".
a magnet for whom? Immigrants? But you don't like them. Remember how they are rapists and drug dealers???
Don't forget Mondelez (Nabisco-Oreo) moving American jobs to Mexico, building "super ovens" there!
liar! #deleteyouraccount
fyi .... lolpic.twitter.com/PWgQO1Aaes
Empty words from somebody who still has his ties made overseas. Bring your own company back to the US and we'll talk. #Lies
@sowtrout and minimum wage will be raised to $15/hr because Americans are in POVERTY LEVEL
How about instead of driving wealth into your pockets and the pockets of your friends, you make sure not to hoard it...
TARIFFS HURT EVERYONE
so that's why you go after companies like Apple who innovate you thick #TrumPutin
Exciting!
Hopefully so, despite your best efforts to ruin the economy.
Here's an innovative idea, Free our minds, body's & times spent pushing for legalizing marijuana, #GW40AcreUnAmericanpic.twitter.com/7L6AYqTeXo
as it should be. Woo hoo
yeah maybe it's time for your family's companies to move out from Chinese factories&start manufacturing in the US
Indeed, and not a single dime for the grant writing Federal monied leaches that look at the USA as a source of revenue.
you don't care about jobs just money tell the truth if you can dig it out of your lies
you going to make your clothes here?
You can fool some of the folk some of the time, but not all the folk all the time!
so YOU AND YOUR FAMILY WILL STOP MAKING YOUR CRAP OVERSEAS?
have I said Thank you yet and I'm sure I mean this from the bottom of my heart from millions of Americans who are greatful

Keep it coming Mr. Pres elect. You are on the right course
I'm hoping for it, for posterity for America
love the twitter dialogue President Elect. Provides a transparency that was promised and never delivered by Obama
.@realDonaldTrump Thanks to you, America is becoming the laughingstock of the world. Sad!
That was @BarackObama through his weakness and hate for #America. #TANSTAAFL #deportthemall #capitalism
Haha ... I'm keeping screenshots. Your tweets will come back to haunt you. #notmypresident
we will see
Way to go Donald
- Doing what he said he would!
apparently those with wealth really only matter to you! Which tells the rest of us that we can just go fuck ourselves!
get rid of Obama care.. REPLACE IT WITH WHAT you have no clue
Dems started KKK and planned parenthood to kill black babies yet the ignorant on here call Trump racist! Educate yourselves
shame all the corporate private policies you do not agrees with let the government control all businesses. Capitalism?
as a magnet who would you attract? Mexicans? Americans to be taxed by a man who doesn't understand it?
Through Free Market policies & Free Market yet Radical leftists&DC Dems will block & scream on such.#DefeatheDems Only way
innovation requires technology and advances of which you seem terrified. Like those new-fangled COMPUTERS.
=> Step 1: build a wall, defund entitlements, ban muslims, start trade wars. Step 2: ... Step 3: PROFIT
You forgot to thank yourself this time. #ThanksDonald. I know it hasn't happened yet, but what does that matter?!
■Where u bribe companies to stay - costing US taxpayers even more ...■
and your bigly plan is to? .... that's what I thought- no plan. SAD
Wait...America becoming a MAGNET 4 job creation & innovation!? What kind of oxymoronic statement is that!?
this I hope you do make happen!
The sign of a true professional is that he knows when to quit selling and when to start delivering. Time to deliver #sad
I truly hope you can Lead America to this goal!
Look at these 2 http://bit.ly/2iDqtSX  & http://bit.ly/2hP3Wpj  you have the 'width&depth' of what ails the US most WON'T
USA already a job & innovation leader. U r so fired.
Get the space program going again!
pic.twitter.com/nQ4RwSBoZY
#pixoritdidnthappen
1/ DT brother, ur getting ur word usage all jacked up. You uses "fan" n referdring 2 intel. Not contextually correct.
too bad I don't believe you know what thos jobs are. You belong to the John Wayne culture.
A guide to learning to deal with narcissistic personality disorderhttp://imgur.com/gallery/1rMMu 
pic.twitter.com/vV0c8Gqm9i
remind us who makes your cheap crappy clothes!
are you also bringing all of your business deals back to help "make America great again .
hellllloooo we ARE there. You think this something new? #trumplethinskin #notmypres
Yea, yea, yea...you fucking liar! As big a liar as you are The Great Racist Rapist! #upresidented
GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP! ! ! GO TRUMP!
Not at the expense of crony capitalism. Please don't do that again. Otherwise, do what you can.
yes if Hillary Clinton was president
HOW? (In 140 characters or less)
a couple of car and air conditioning jobs will not make us great
I'll say cuz starting on #Modnay #January16th I'll have my own personal JOB CREATION Since Mayor #Rahm Emanuel wont #hireme
.@realDonaldTrump Because you say so? You are a small handed, insecure, empty suit.
Says the man that owns COMPANIES (plural) thatsend jobs overseas
Not a chance with Trump. The idiot is going to blow the world up.
yes starting Jan 20 can't wait
The beatings will continue until morale improves... eh? @realDonaldTrump
The campaign is over Trump!Sit down, shut up and wait your turn!Then you better put up or shut up! Am guessing the latter!
#TheResistance
Does this mean your not going to drive the Irish an other good and hard working folk away that made America.Great news.#JFK
Yes because Trump won! Clinton would have made things worse.
pic.twitter.com/qHpgqv76o1
wish you luck and lightning to make all your ideas againts all odds. Best of luck
Have you and @IvankaTrump brought your outsourced jobs back to the U.S.? You really have some balls with this bullshit.
Dow will be 22,500 by July 15th.
Don't forget my friend that I see & know things & I think things through/YOU DON'T!! Magnets( Repel )also.I should be POTUS
So long as taxpayers pay for them through corporate welfare.
so should I stop wearing my metal jewelry?
Americans are among the most, if not THE most creative people on earth. Leftists apparently prefer a weakened America.
How come all your shitty ass Trump-stamped products were never made in America?
have to advertise your crap hotels #lockyouup
BS
Mining coal & exploitation of other fossil fuels is your idea of INNOVATION?What's next?Reintroduction of horse and buggy?
When RU going to bring jobs back to US w/Trump products since they R all made outside the US?RU going to tax yourself 30%?
pic.twitter.com/wEonvKaEh6
good we definitely need a factory in Alice Texas . The laying off of oil field jobs has made our community a ghost town .
-liar, liar, liar
that is great the American worker deserves the best. Mexicans do not buy cars but make them. Not fair.
Universal single payer health care could lead to more innovation and job growth. @SenSanders can explain how. He knows.
This would be a 180 from our current policies.
All the BEST America!...BE THE BEST
again America thanks you.
