Pres. Trump irritates the violent Left just by getting up in the morning. Ignore those morons. They hate themselves more than anyone else.
No, I hate Trump.
At least this president cares! Oxox

Seriously nasty people!!! Be nice this is our president! If you can't say nothing don't say nothing at all! Respect!
Want a break from DJT?  Take 30 seconds to vote for dachshund rescue.  Watch the video!
At least he is doing more than Obama did in his 8 years in office
responding to their needs eons above what the last three presidents did
He seems to be rising to the occasion.
The horrible left is out in force today.
All day, every day.  Defending freedom.
There are haters that are gonna hate, keep tweeting Mr President!
He is rising to the occasion!
Thank You For GOD Fearing Honor and Diligence You Perform For America and Americans!!  GOD Bless You President Trump..
Eeewwwww! Do you actually LIVE in America right now? Are you blind?
Not Blind, I See And KNOW The Truth!!PRESIDENT TRUMP
ما قمنا نعرف صجهم من جذبهم 
صانع المسلسل اعتقد كان محلل او مستشار مكتب جورج بوش الابن بالبيت الابيض قبل لا ينتقل للكتابة بهالمجال
عمل رائع ومستمد قوته من قابليته ان يكون واقع
Retweet if you love Trump
I like trump because I understand him. I don't really care though wat people are gonna say to me about me liking trump.
#Trump used "big water" as an excuse for response to Hurricane Maria & said Puerto Rican ppl aren't "helping" themselves. Terrible leader.
Ibogaine
Storm turned Hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected. Federal Government is on site and ready ...
Will be glad when some of your billions go to relief of any kind.
It's because of all that big water...
You do realize that you are Not a weatherman, right?
I can't
you were quoted by @washingtonpost
Obama let people die when Katrina hit. Thank you President Trump for your good work

More concerned about you in office than Categoey 4 hurricane
I normally am too, but I'm in the path of the storm and expecting 40" of rain plus winds of about 130. So Harvey takes precedence 4 me now
My prayers are with you.
Thank you!
Perhaps planning agencies need to stop new developments in low lying areas happens in Australia too.
Get. Your Self. Help. Trump
Um, so, ya, we already knew it was gonna be "this powerful". Try some language that is in between worst and fabulous.
Have you even appointed a FEMA Director yet?
That way u can read what the Democrats have treated the American people. I guess you like the abuse.
لال شو لااااال
چرا برکنارت نمیکنن
چقد توو اون امریکا ابله هستتت
The situation was really intense may God calm it down. Our Lord God Emmanuel calmed the #storm in his time, and he'll do it again for Texans
Amen. As he calm down the storm for his Apostles so shall he calm it for Texans in his Mighty name we pray iseehhh. #Prayer from #Biafraland
Praying for everyone in the path of the hurricane. 
Who is Dumber: George Bush or Donald Trump?; I voted Donald Trump,
For all those that claim "peace love equality" I sure see so much hate against anyone that does not believe as you do. Get a life
I knew you had this
And u r using to distract from Russia, pardon & transgender ban. News dump on Fri. night won't stop from taking over news. Room for all.
Sorry to hear about the hurricane, I hope all will be well, President Trump.
Wow Donald tri
So now you are a weather man
Back it up dude... 
Your tweeting mania is out of control.. You are worse than The storm for America
I love how everyone just feeds off from Trump's tweets so they can get their 10 seconds of fame. That Ed KrassEinSTEnsetn is his biggest fan
Glad we have an Administration that's willing to get out in front of a natural disaster instead of reacting to it. Well done Trump.
Brainwashed Marxist College indoctrinated America hating liberals please leave this great country and leave your Govt benefits behind.
Wish all of them would leave.  Libtards are ruining this country!
God help does poor countries
People said the same about you  Hopefully the Hurricane will cause less damage!
Donald: good luck
Mr.President I would love to work beside you, that's even if it is security detail. That's one job I have always wanted
Prayers w/ u to make best decisions..
Wait is the Weather Channel or National Weather Service fake news?!? I'm so confused.
This is nice and presidential. Congrats
Thank you President Donald Trump and vice President Pence. Keep America safe.
I believe in those things
@realDonaldTrump Lets Make America Great Again we can come back Twice as Strong I believe We Can! #MAGA #Harvey
You must be a "progressive"
Should have headed right to ya trumpy mctrump
We survived and are 12 miles south of Rockport.  Shingle and fence damage.
Why did you chose this time to pardon Joe A. You truly are deplorable.
Trump left the government unprepared for this storm or any other disaster that would hit the US. What would happen if we were attacked today
dont you have a country to run? you are on social media for 24/7. go to work.
You know-there's lots of latino families in TX. You shoulda said "my fellow racists be safe" cause that's who you really care about.  POS!
we need a president who will call hurricanes by their names
Good for you do you want a cookie? There are white people to save, of course you're ready. Are you going to help Austin or are they too gay?
believing science yet?
Eeeee. You're scaring us Donnie Johnnie. Is this storm as bad as the threat you & Putin pose to our Democracy?
FAKE NEWWS! #fakenews
Are you watching the news? #1- A hurricane IS a storm, it doesn`t turn into one, #2-maybe you sent your #FakeHelp to the wrong Texas beach??
You must be so embarrassed. I'm sure Obamas was bigger.
Donald models were close no one can move 1 million or more people in 6 days no country
Thank you Mr. President. America loves you.
Thanks for this message, you probably saved 100,000 lives or more. You are the best president ever.
Because he tweets something?  Grow a brain.
So you believe the climate scientist on #huricaneharvey but not on climate change. Why?
It seems to be bigger than Katrina. I saw some photo to that effect on Twitter moments.
It was always a hurricane!
Thank you President Trump. The good people of Texas needs your support. @GregAbbott_TX
Trump said nothing to make us think he has a clue what's going on in Texas....
Thank you for standing up for Americans, even the ones who don't like you... You have their back too... Thank you Chief...
So glad you are on top of everything. Thank you
Thankfully you haven't spent money on that wall yet
I wonder what you would do if you were in the middle of it! I guess blame Obama or Hillary for the Hurricane
Holy shit. How many times are you gonna comment the same thing. Do something besides looking for shit to pick apart our countries leader
Have the b???? To tell the truth you are in to for the money
Come on and fight with pakistan we are ready to fight you and will take charge of amarica
Who wrote this tweet and what have you done with the president?
Like Trump. And what he is doing .
With their rain coats....?
I wish all affected citizens a safe storm duration
Bobby,  you and Ed have very selective hearing.  Typical libtards.  He denounced Antifa & BLM,  along with the Neo-Nazis,  not the peacefuls

Resign
Not true. Don't buy into it @realDonaldTrump! The ppl spreading these lies are using science.
Please resign.
Pray to God
He has the best meteorologist in the country working for him. He will help everyone that needs it. I have confidence he will come out ok
TRUMP AND HEAL HOUND PENCE, BOY BET ALL FEEL SAFE NOW THAT FEDERAL GOVERNMENT IS THERE. TO BAD THEY ARENT 
WORKING IN WH!!
Which of your staff wrote that for you?
https://www.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1915394018729667&id=100007772618007&from_close_friend=1 …
Too bad you are not in the hurricane's path. I'm sure you think you would be able to stop it.
The residents are in my prayers..
just like your racism and stupidity.
Resign
I #trust  you to do the #Right  thing about as far as I can #throw #you .
Thanks God we don't have climate change!
Obama would have stopped it
All liberals muslims comunists ara so unhappy
Which storm are you talking about are you talking about hurricane Harvey or you talking about your Administration or both
Looks like Texas was better prepared than New Orleans?
Why don't you discontinue the immigration checkpoints so everyone can get to safety?
Keep up the good work
You should be over there with them!
You are just counting money that you don't want to spend on this  hurricane as opposed to your wall - I don't want a wall!!!
No,This was predicted and allowed evacuation orders to be put in place as well as services. you said "good luck." resign
I'm here in Texas right in the storm just freaking stay away from here 45
Nothing causing more devastation than Federal Reserve. Look at all those who lost 50-90% of their wealth due to Fed manipulation of stk mkt!
Keep Blowing Your Horn Trump. You were wrong AGAIN about ARPAIO
Cat four. Will you pardon Menendez?
Ok Ed, we all are catching your bias. Thanks for your updates.
That happens with climate change.... It's that thing you don't believe is real @realDonaldTrump #climatechange #acceptthetruth
#DEPLORABLE #LIAR
God's warning it's in revelations! All these that you see happening! are God's prophesied judgements, meaning he's trying to tell you
YOU ARE a SICK OLD MAN Resign
If you'd like to do something productive to help those impacted by Harvey - Here are some suggestions.
hurricane trumpaldo
Texas & US government officials are doing a great job carrying out the disaster relief plans. No lives lost! Please get churches involved.
thank you president trump for helping us houstonians thur this tragedy
As Texas digs in against a massive hurricane, the president digs in for another vacation.
OH... I thought he was talking about the hurricane in the Whitehouse...
Thank you for the quick response , you are our President , Respec and prayers for you.
Foda-se seu puto
You're the worst President this country will ever have.#ImpeachTrump
If only people "projected" stuff!
What are they called? 
Oh yeah: SCIENTISTS!

#harvey #ClimateChangeIsReal
Should have pulled some strings & renamed it hurricane joe! Hurricane donald is believable. Big blowhard w chaos & threat of extreme danger.
Did you get all your facts right before you did so?  That's why you said you delayed condemning Nazis...but then you approved of them.
Good job President Trump. You have shown Excellent leadership again in spite of constant criticism.  MAGA
Only two days later and then he said both sides were wrong. How could you compare
THE PERSON'S JUST THEY WANT KNOW UNITED STATES. DONALD. SIMPLY THAT IS. THE EMBASSY AMERICAN DON'T CAN MAKE THAT THING'S. DON'T. PROHIBITED
'
Thank you.
Everyone: @WhiteHouse is only talking about #HurricaneHarvey to distract from what else @realDonaldTrump is doing! Please look into it all!
I'm from Texas sitting in one of the biggest Harvey storm bands - we got this Mr President - thanks for your offer of help.
Better watch out @JimCantore he's coming for your job 
If only you believed in climate chage. Symptoms but not the causes. Sad.
May God be with the people in Houston. And... I don't want my taxes to pay a penny for Berkeley no government funds
There are more stupid people here than I have ever seen. Trumpists.
Lots of rain!
Haters. Wake up from your indoctrination. Trump DID and HAS denounced all hate groups since before he was President. Do the research.
Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia. 
The diffence between Trump & Obama. People get paid to sit behind Trump at rallys. Obama people pay to sit near him.
"FederalGov't is on site". Yeah? What's his name?
Oh great prevaricator, what does on site mean.
If you are "The Mover and Shaker" make things happen. Do something meaningful ,not tweet.
lol I loved your "good luck" comment that was killer
Huh? Third time? 
Quiet! Quiet! Quiet
Ass-storm turned Ass-hurricane Trump is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected.
Nice to see you trusting the media for once. 
Or perhaps the National Weather Service filled him in...

the whole Federal Government? will they claim it was mistreated by MSM?
thumbs up
No it wasn't. Did you watch the weather forecasts?
Viva México
Where is Pat Robertson or Billy Graham professing God SINNERS of being evil racist or anti Christ with like they did with Catrina.
Abc
THANK YOU MR PRESIDENT!  Making America Great Again!
So glad Trump is our president,you guys would have nothing to say if he wasn't, you know what that is, that's free speech.
