Great job Mr President, your absolutely right about Poland.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR HARD WORK, MR. TRUMP!
YOU HAVE DONE MORE WORK IN 1 MONTH THAN OBAMA DID IN 8 YEARS!
THE #FAKENEWS MEDIA CAN ONLY LIE SO MUCH BEFORE THEY GET EXPOSED!
THE LIBERAL MEDIA HAS BEEN EXPOSED FOR THEIR LIES AND DECEPTION
THANK YOU MR. TRUMP!!

Wonder if CNN will blackmail me too for posting this 

#CNNBlackmail
Are you kidding me? https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jan/13/ec-to-investigate-polish-governments-controversial-new-laws … 
https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jan/12/european-commission-to-debate-polands-controversial-new-laws …
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-35257105 …
https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/jan/17/poland-rightwing-government-eu-russia-democracy-under-threat …
GET EDUCATED U IDIOTS!
Donald Trump is a blessing to no one!

"Pretty severe things"
I have the best words.
How's a weaker America working out?
Lol
Your impeachment or resignation would be a blessing to the world. I look forward to either.
Bot
Very true! Poland is what Europe should be.
Great American!
We are so proud of you Mr. President you are representing America Beautifully  
We love you
We are with you! #TrumpsArmy 
what an Amazing speech you made at Poland always speaking your mind your the best #President ever.
what a great voice you have love your speeches 
Wow. He tweeted something sane and intelligent. Wait, who wrote that for him? Whatever, at least he did something right in posting it.
Seriously who wrote the speech! Good work'American people are just wondering who there Allies truly are do you know Mr. President? I dont
Please resign
And you're a tool xx
You only get along with Nationalist dictator type countries. I see a disturbing trend.
The only reason you are there is because they promised cheering crowds while Germany said that couldn't do that
3 Years, 6 Months, 13 Days, 20 Hours, 14 Minutes, and 38 Seconds
Suffer 8 years
A strong democratic party is a blessing to America and our enemies like yourself
Strong women are a blessing to people who want to laugh at you.
Got a love watching you get turned down by a woman

How about that wiretap by Obama!   #ThechickensarecominghometoRoost
Do spania a nie na twitterach sobie siedzisz
mr president I'm proud to be a supporter great speech I loved it

BREAKING: Trump's claim that Russia might not have hacked our election is a lie that *must* have an ulterior motive. http://www.cnn.com/2017/07/06/politics/james-clapper-donald-trump-russia/index.html …

(2) Keep in mind, the motive *couldn't* be protecting the legitimacy of his presidency; if it were he'd deny *anyone* hacked us. He doesn't.

Only the bussed in Pol's are clapping........am I the only one who noticed?
God Save President Trump
.@1choice AMERICANS PROUD OF PRESIDENT OF THESE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AGAIN make no mistake WE R #TRUMPSTRONG
He's tweeting about Poland from Santa Clara, CA. Is that weird?
#MAGA
#MAGA

#MAGA
All the Trumpanzees can do is post GIFs and photos, no substance, no thought, no brain activity. Sad!
How about this one ....
I'm not disputing that, how about the 3m more votes for Hillary? That's indisputable.
Actually it's very disputable considering what's been revealed about voter fraud in 2008 and 2012
Outstanding
#25AmendmentNow
You're just excited because you think Poland means "Poll Land" and we know you love a poll.
He also loves the WHITE HOUSE! 

#USA #TRUMP
This strong Poland has a tendency to attack the free press. Not exactly a blessing.
If the press is not free, neither are we. Covfefe.
If Trump wants a strong Europe, why did he collude with Putin? Why did he promote Brexit?
There's no collusion with Putin. EU is bad for the sovereign nations of Europe! Merkel is/was destroying western civilization!
How much did your fascist friends in Poland pay for those crowds to cheer for you?
Did you see the Confederate battle flag being waved?

Do you know they wave the CSA flags these days because the Nazi flag is illegal?
You're literally a hero to FASCISTS in Europe. How does that make you feel? (Probably pretty good... since you have a soft spot for Hitler).
Great line. Unfortunately, your presidential statements like this one are overshadowed with your childish 'fake' news and sexist 'facelift'
#CNNBlackmail
If this isn't sarcasm, then I'm really sorry for you. 
Sarcasm?  CNN is f***ed because Trump exposed their fraudulent news network
What was that other story that CNN got wrong and apologized for?
The whole world hates U. Just thought U should know
Yeah after Obama
Undermining our free press, our judiciary and our intelligence agencies, who needs terrorists when we have U!

God love him and strengthen his resolve 
They did, they had to bus people in to please t, pathetic! This reminds me of the time t had to pay actors to make his crowd appear bigger
Remember, Putin does not want this. He is not our friend.
So finally RussiaGate debunked. A big nothing burger
Not debunked at all, just starting.
in 6 months still nothing. When is it supposed to start?
R u privy to classified intelligence? Didn't think so. Investigations are a gathering process.
Gathering nothing! If they had anything, he would have never became president
Here's a fun fact, the special counsel s barely a month in. So ur little theory about if they had something, makes no sense.
So no1 investigated this up until then? Stop, it's all fake
Great speech POTUS!  Long live the friendship between US and Poland 
teprikler donald başkanım
Such an unTrump tweet...sounded kind of normal 
Come to London, we dare you!
Why are you trying to break up the EU..... Putin's orders? All right then....
Great tweet and good comments on Poland. The nation has been through so much but the values have prevailed. #ProudAmerican
Mr president! Love you . Army 72 thru76
Great speech!
For Family, For Freedom, For Country  and For God! What a Powerful speech! Goose bombs all over me!
https://twitter.com/American1765/status/884039328304726016 …
VERY beautiful speech!Thank you for a great representation of the United States of America!!!Made me feel proud
The could be said of a strong POTUS? Pity it's you and not someone who has all his marbles in the same bag!
Look at all those beautiful people 
Donald Trump is Poland?
Trump should have held his inauguration in Poland so he could have had an actual crowd
USA look how you should respect every President, he won in elections and RESPECT him!
Keep up the good work.
See behind glass/ were he belongs/ they don't even trust him
He just made ANY Obomba speech, well, 3rd grade level
YES!! Excellent speech, sir! So proud of you!
Trump's love affair with such an anti Semitic and anti democratic nation speaks volumes about his brainpower
wohh ... really and what a big crowd !!!
Heal us, for God's sake, heal us! We are sick and insane, I beg of you, Dr. Trump, heal us!
Proud of my Polish Heritage!!
Thanks. U are a strong, confident leader, keeping your promises, fighting
for our concerns. U will go down in history as the best Pres. ever
You really keep outdoing yourself. That was so perfectly put. No one ever said more apt words. You are right, and well stated.
Great job best President ever! Your the greatest Mr.President Trump!!
Especially when we have you in the USA, we must look to Europe for leadership.
Unfortunately there's not many countries left in Europe which haven't been taken over by Islam, thanks to Merkel and the EU.
Note he said Europe not EU
Oh ya give us back obummer
Great Man! Go MrTrump! A strong Trump is blessing for Poland.
Pres Trump has really shown great leadership on the world stage.
All you ever say are insincere and patronizing truisms that are seen through by all but the most naive.
eszcze пolska  nie zginęła,аle musi zginąć
This is the guy who was happy for Brexit
THANK YOU MR. PRESIDENT 
Fake audience !!
@MMGosiewska
STOP PATOLOGICZNYM LEWACKIM UPRZEDOZ\NYM  MEIDOM I ICH DZIEICM
Maybe you should move to Poland and run for office.
Where are all the buses?  I don't see the buses.
I am so frightened lately, President Trump. The world is so fragile. Please take care. And Thank You, Sir. 
Also recognizing & helping Poland was long over due after selling out Poland to Russia after WWII all because Roosevelt was weak at Malta.
I'm worrying about the threat from the south. Who is it ?
When will the rest get on this train?
I'm Polish investor here. I've invested almost $200.000 in a store. I have 6 employees and sell only products made in the USA
Even though my visa has to be renewed every year. How fair is that? Is a E2 visa and for other countries is valid for 5 years
Brawo Polsko,brawo Ameryko.

They had to bus people in to greet you, Loser!  #25thAmmendmentNow
Unfortunately Merkel has destabilised Europe
1. Disagree with the generalisation of content. The "us & them" theme. West verses East, South. Dangerous.
This speech just sumarised my thoughts. Thanks Trump.
I really love that Poland (fighting to be free of EU control) was visited before Germany & other NWO-controlled nations.
USA!
Yes it is!
A strong president would also help the world a bit. Can you maybe help us find one?
The problem is your definition of "strong" is comparable to a caveman's definition of marital bliss.
Perhaps the greatest speech of all time.
They were told to bus in people to make U think they like U While Uwere taking credit for that the newswas talking about busing in everyone
I admire you so much President Trump....prayers for all your meetings.....
Mr. President , when you were in Poland , you showed the world your own absolute ignorance and not knowing the history of the world .
God bless America God bless Poland
We love you President Trump
ahahahajjahahahaahahahahahahah
……
You have the masses.  Use this as your weapon to command peace.. You have millions who love and believe and support you....
Wonderful speech , Mr President. Thank you !

Cool job Mr. trump.
What do you know about Poland's history-nothing. Shut up, resign and find a hole to crawl into. Shameful
Please finish yalta.
@SkyeShepard Im hoping the Euros R listening 2 U Mr President.A StrongAmerica canSetA goodExample&help freeEU fr.Globalism
Thank you from Romania and Spain ! You give us hope! We are slaughterd by Merkel's insane immigration policy.
They showed up to watch a national disaster
now if we only had a strong President, life would be perfect!
You said it was an honor to meet with the man who is trying to overthrow our democracy. You are a traitor.
La etnia y la religión se hacen inseparables en algunas naciones.Los armenios con su cristianismo d 17 siglos,y los polacos y su catolicismo
President Trump thank you for your hard work. Obama would have had to Vacations by now LOL.
Poland is a great example of imperial tyranny by countries, just like #Syria today. Can we stop bombing #syria & let refugees go home?
So very proud that you are our president.   Thank you President Trump for your dedication to our country
Thank you for standing up for our values culture  and traditions. If we cannot defend and honor our values how can we help anyone else #MAGA
Absolutely Amazing.
I LOVE MY PRESIDENT
.DONALD J TRUMP..

GOD BLESS DONALD J TRUMP
#MAGA - Thank you Mr President.
Keep up the good job mr. President
That is the speech of a Great President! Thank You Mr. President.
Nice's World's  Trump
Since apperantly Canada didn't work out for you
Thank you for your speech in Warsaw
Good job President Trump keep up the great work you do
Poland is the next place I'm likely to visit. For an ex-muslim among the safest places in Europe. Plus I heard the pork there is delicious!
The American people are proud to have you as president, God Bless You. President Trump.@POTUS
Um dude? Europe is also "The West". We're not some underdeveloped country bruv. We have everything you have, but better.
Then Go live in Poland ! Poland can have you and your witch hunt fake bs crap Rump
You aren't worried about a strong middle class. The coal miners are still waiting for their jobs. You are overmatched for this job.
God bless you President Donald J. Trump!
poland bussed in "pro trump" folks to make u feel good about urself
Greatness!!
Thanks to Merkel, EU is a pool of terrorists
Extreme right wing is not strength, just tyranny. What you aspire to.
So I want to ask you after the Polish speech, and where were the United States in 1941.

You ridiculed our free press, our former President and our great country. Where is your common sense and decency not to know that's wrong?
Thank You So much Donald Trump:-)
You go uncle son
One of the better speeches from POTUS. Only a smattering of "very very". To bad the Hollywood treatment turned it into a puff piece. so sad
All blessing is yours in Christ Jesus
Hey, remember when Poland had to bus in crowds to listen to you speak in your whiny, tiny voice?
Pierdolisz, pierdolisz, a wizy nie zniesiesz
Thank You Mr. President.
GOD BLESS POLAND

They bussed people there to clap for you and cater to your overblown ego.
Great speech Sir. #maga
That sounds like the Constitution of the Latin, Western Civilization.
Basic values that will prevail and goals We aim for.
#TrumpinPoland
Short but great visit.
They had no choice. They were bussed in.
I can't help it if you've been brainwashed to believe that anything that isn't state approved news isn't accurate. Your problem, not mine.
