What the hell are you rambling about, buddy? Today's morning dump's really affecting your ability to think, isn't it.
You're making absolutely no sense, even for you. Why are you, the president, openly talking about pardons & crimes? The WH has sunk so low.
Or is it 'cos a majority of your family & aides will need a pardon for the crimes they've committed? Perjury & treason are hard to escape...
I love your Donald tweet replies!!!!!!
Actually there is the crime of you committing #treason you disgraceful The #traitor.
 #treasonousPOTUS
(THREAD) We DO have PROOF Trump and Russia colluded. This thread PROVIDES it. Please read and RETWEET so we can end the no-collusion canard. 
And of course #ObstructionOfJustice. Remember when you admitted it to Lester Holt.....that was smooooth.
http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/jurisprudence/2017/07/the_obstruction_of_justice_case_against_trump_is_already_a_slam_dunk.html …
Who else committed #ObstructionOfJustice? Oh yeah, Richard Nixon. 
So first Richard Nixon and now; #RicholdTrixon.
Hell at least Nixon didn't conspire with the Russians to get elected. This clown makes Nixon look like a saint.
You Moron....  You are Tweeting about it right now... Clearly you are THINKING about it.
The last 24 hours hasn't been so great for you, huh???
Guess what?!?!?!  It's only downhill from here big guy.

Jail is waiting!
#Impeach








　　

　
　　

　　
　   
    
 　　 
　　   

　　 
　　 
　　 
　　 
　 

  
　　
　　 
　　
  
Impressive
Plus, not all agree on extent of plenary pardon power—for ex, whether it extends to self-pardons.
There's a strong argument that he can't self-pardon. And even if he can, under these circumstances it would be a clear abuse of power.
Pardons, in any event, only relate to federal crimes. Art II, Sec. 2, Cl. 1 expressly specifies that they have no effect on impeachment.
A President does have the power to pardon - It's just not normal for a President to consider using that power to pardon himself
Donald Trump's team is definitely trying to work out whether he has the power to pardon himself
Why would Donald Trump need to pardon himself if he did nothing wrong?
He will both pardon himself and his family and claim innocence
The act of accepting a pardon requires an admission of guilt. It'll be an admission that makes impeachment a slam dunk.
He will still claim innocence afterward and his diehard followers will stand with him. He is never at fault
He can't pardon himself from State crimes. Shame his hometown is NYC, and New York has a particularly unsympathetic State Gov.
I look forward to that deliciousness.











im lovin it

Why would you need leaks to fake news?
Leaks means there is real, confidential information that someone leaked.
Why would you discuss the need to pardon someone if the news are fake?
shit be hitting the fan now... "fake news" ain't helping anymore
Nope.
Only a week ago it was no meetings Fake News-- now he's pardoning 
He's a reality tv star. He's unqualified. Sad.
Psalm 33:12
Blessed is the #nation whose #God is the #Lord, The #people He has #chosen as His own #inheritance.
Isaiah 53:4-6
Surely He has borne our #griefs And carried our #sorrows; Yet we esteemed Him stricken, #Smitten by [1/4]
Sometimes worth spending OUR tax dollars on for sure!!! Lock her up!
@RandPaul @cruz It is time to end this stupid Russia investigation and start investigations on people that we have proof commited crimes.
Treason is a crime too, Don... you should know...
Wow, President Trump wants to remind the American public that he has the power to pardon both himself and his son Don Jr.
This is why we have the impeachment clause. Presidents have the power to pardon everyone under the sun, but they are still accountable to us
Should President Trump:
If you add "Go to jail" and "be executed for commuting treason" , I'd vote.
If there is no crime, why bring up your "power to pardon." And the only crime isn't "leaks." If the leaks are valid, you committed crimes.
If the leaks aren't valid, then the leaks are crimes. By admitting that the leaks are "crimes," you admit they're true, and thusly, confess.
Which leads to the next question: If they're valid, are the leaks MORAL? Is it MORAL to keep your treason a secret?
I'm sorry, Donald. Treasonous scum doesn't really get to take the high road here. You are a traitor. The MORAL WRONG is all on you.
Some very in depth analysis on the issue. The Maga crowd can't absorb a thought more profound than a comic strip lol
It's useless responding to #MAGA ppl. Take a deep breathe and move on.
The fact that most of them are bots doesn't help.
Nearly 1/2 of his followers are not real- LOL!
I found the leaker! lock him up!
You know who provided the public with the first proof of actual collision between Russia & your campaign?
You must be so proud
@JoMadRam Treason is the new orange.
Treason is MODERN presidential.
You're circling the bowl Donny and best part is you did the flushing. Tick tock, tick tock goes the impeachment clock
Is it hot in here? Because I feel like the temperature is rising...
#ImpeachmentParty 
#Pardon
#TickTock
I'd say the heat is getting turned up BIGLY. 

Time for the fake prez to admit the jig is up and #JustResign 

Trump 
Most of the leaks come from your top aides and children?
The fact that Trump still has a Twitter acct proves there is no mastermind behind the scenes.
Why would they intervene when the guy ties his own noose
You are the one that asked about your pardon power. We didn't.
Did you catch the "so far" in his tweet?
I know Mueller did and if he missed it . I just took a screen shot in case it gets deleted..
Say what you will about Nixon, at least he had the dignity to resign & didn't try to pardon himself
"So far"?
Someone tell Roger Stone that Nixon is finally more popular than another President.
Wait, maybe this WHOLE THING was a long game designed to rehabilitate Nixon's reputation!
Yes, you have power to pardon, but legal scholars are divided on whether you can pardon yourself. But if you do, it's an ADMISSION OF GUILT!
If the President had the power to pardon himself, don't you think Nixon would have done it?
Nixon had a bit more class than Trump
True.
Idk you seem to be thinking about it.
"While we all totally agree I have this power, even though I totally wouldn't use it, but I totally have it..."
He lacks that power Nixon is proof.
Nixon had a Congress that had at least ethic & moral boundries
Same Congress that voted for Viet Nam  War expanding....



what a looser you are
LOL, he sure is.
ps: it's loser
Not everyone dude. Thank God for President Trump!! #MAGA
This pains me. There is literal evidence of his collusion with Russia and blind obedience to Trump is all people can come up with.
Hillary giving away 20% of our uranium in exchange for 500k but no crime, no collusion there lol. Where's the outrage?
NOPE.
1. Nearly all legal scholars agree u can't pardon ur self
2. Only federal crimes
3. EXCEPT impeachment
4. 
+
*45, u don't have absolute power to do anything. Here's one page illustration of our separation of powers. #TuesdayMotivation #TrumpRussia 
He probably can't pardon himself for Fed crimes. He definitely can't pardon himself for NY state crimes if convicted under RICO.
That's why he doesn't want his financials out.
Absofukenlutely!
Great question. Why ARE you thinking of that?
Why would he qualify with "so far"?  His behavior is bizarre.
YOU are FAKE
Donald, this tweet makes U look pretty guilty buddy...
"so far"
"so far"
Know what comes before a pardon? An admission of guilt. That's how it works. :)
I don't think you have to admit guilt before accepting the pardon, however accepting it is an admission of guilt that can be used against
Alright, comes WITH it then. :)
True
Jesus Christ Donald, how are you getting reception for that phone down in the hole you keep digging?
Best comment Ever.
You can pardon yourself right now from the Presidency and we will totally agree. You're demented. Resign.
And he can do it with less than 140 characters. And I will not complain
Are they LEAKS, or are they FAKE NEWS? Can't be both, you orange carpet remnant.
So does he like leaks or not?? Oh, it's leak-ing=good..leaks=bad?
While we all agree? Hahahahahahahahahahhahhahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
"hahahahahahahaha" what a great and structured argument, I can see you must work hard.
Everyone understands his point thought. Don't see anything wrong.
"hahahahahahaha" isn't a point. Donald Trump, as the president of the United States of America, can pardon anyone. This is not debatable.
It's clear that I'm debating the fact we all agree. Something being true doesn't mean I have to agree. Nice personal attack though.
You can't disagree with a fact. Fact is, he can pardon anyone he likes. Fact is, that is not a statement you can agree or disagree with.
Right, this conversation is over. I hope you pin this to your account so you can read this tweet in a year and face palm as hard as I did.
innocent people usually don't act so guilty.
Lmao
i probably need to stay off of twitter first thing in the morning.
as should you @realDonaldTrump
Haha one last 
You're terrible at this.
Weren't you a big fan of leaks during the campaign?

Anyway…keep tweeting–keep bolstering case for 25th Amendment
While all agree the U. S. President has the complete power to pardon, why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us.FAKE NEWS
He's like a virus sent to destroy the syst from within - h main goal creating division&more distrust twrds our institutions
Except most legal experts doubt you can pardon yourself. Uh oh Donald, trouble!!!! How do you look in black and white stripes?
Orange is the new black 
So far? Is something about to hit the fan?
yikes, dude
Not so sure about this guy
sit down treasonweasel ...tell us what's on your mind... don't be shy,you seem tense.
You can only pardon guilty people...Thank you for acknowledging there are lot of guilty folks in your house.  You are a national disgrace!
Not how this works:
Dost thou pardon thyself? 
Calm down, Donnie. Great to hear there's no reason to pardon anyone. Kind of weird you've been relentlessly researching it, huh?
Why are YOU thinking of that then?
Ever wonder why the only orange emoji face is angry? 
Ever wonder why obama committed treason yet no impeachment
Nope. Not once.
Exactly take the #hypocrisy and enjoy it always comes back around.
u got that exactly right. Leaks are the only problem.
Look how many lies you packed into 140 characters. Impressive! About half a dozen in just one tweet.
Indeed. Why think of that? Why think of that Don-Don? A rather contemplative shit this morning is it you bobblehead made of cat sick?
"So far..." indicates you're expecting more! This may be your most moronic tweet yet and you've set the bar extremely low. Wow.
Sounds like when you say "all agree," you mean your legal team. Obviously Presidents have the power to pardon. Are you tweeting to 6yr-olds?
"Only crime SO FAR." So you're already just trying to set up to the fact that you might use a pardon. BUT YOU STILL DID NOTHING WRONG! LOL
You're incapable of doing your job with this black cloud hanging over you. Actually you were incapable before that. Do us a favor. Resign
How do we know he's not capable, he just started his job.  He does have some pretty nice credentials and accomplishments in his history.
He's a third rare con artist who got lucky. He should go back to doing that and leave the country alone.
Anyone that gets elected to that office is far from lucky.  There isn't a whole lot of President of the United States jobs out there open.
I want he got lucky that he didn't get arrested earlier for some shady biz
Civil or Criminal, I don't want anyone to get away with anything and want everyone to just be responsible and do their part.
Uh...  we didn't think of it, buddy. You did.
Why didn't Nixon just pardon himself?

are you seriously this stupid?
Just when you thought it couldn't deteriorate further...
,
   You tell us. Scarmucci says it's a popular topic in your administration. Why is that if nobody is guilty? 
#PresidentTrump thinks pardoning himself & his family will save him. He is wrong. 1. State Prosecutions. Trump cannot pardon anyone from
prosecutions or convictions by states. NY @AGSchneiderman appears to be conducting investigations into Trump
related dealings, including his charity, @EricTrump charity, etc. And since Trump's campaign was run out of Trump Tower in NYC, NY has
jurisdiction over any wrongdoing or crimes committed in NY.

But I was thinking today that if Trump was involved w/ the RU mob, particularly
anything to do with money laundering, other countries could prosecute him, e.g., Scotland, Ireland, etc.
#presidenttrump can't pardon himself from prosecution by individual states, e.g., NY, or foreign countries where he owns property. #NotAKing
If you tweet shit before informing your cabinet or other branches of the Feds, is that leakage? #TrumpLeaks

He should be prosecuted
Would be nice if justice would prevail in that horrible climate she has created!
.@realDonaldTrump, if they are leaks, then they are real, not fake.  And we do not all agree you have complete power. Keep dreaming.
If it's fake news, why is the entire administration lawyered up?
My thoughts exactly
What are you gonna do for the Ft McClellan Veterans that were poisoned by our government & Monsanto? Way passed time! Please HELP NOW!!!
Don’t hold your breath, sister! He’s too busy playing Apprentice: White House Edition.
I agree sister
Interesting use of "so far"...
I think he just admitted to being the source of leaks. Is that what I get from this Tweet?
you know who never lawyered up or asked about pardon powers for himself or his family? @BarackObama that's who.
Hmmm thinking ahead are we?

Since you brought it up "(pardon)carries an imputation of guilt; acceptance a confession of it" Youre a tweetin fool
You know he'll need someone to look that word up for him, right?   
Are deals in the works? Is this an offer to pardon? If so, sure you've been advised it's obstruction. Will they? #TakeTheDeal #Immunity
Immunity far better than a pardon you may not get to give. Certainly, this has all been explained. Mueller "Code of Silence" consuming you?
None agree that a president can pardon himself. Such power is not being reported as it would be FAKE NEWS
SOUND LIKE YOU GETTING READY TO COMMIT A CRIME AND SAYING IF YOU GET CAUGHT TRUMP IS GOING TO PARDON HIMSELF GOOD PLAN
TRUMP IS GOING TO TRY AND GIVE PUTIN ANYTHING PUTIN WANTS UNTIL TRUMP DECIDE TO PARDON HIMSELF WATCH TRUMP AND PUTIN TRUMP IS COMPROMISED
You're not fake news. You're bad news. You are misleading your supporters and making their lives worse. #NoOneLikesTrump
..but It WAS Obama's fault for not stopping your conspiracy
You protest a lot for someone who is allegedly innocent.  Current facts, though, show that you are bigly UNPOPULAR
I love the fact that your essentially saying your guilty of collusion with this. Why even talk of pardons if all parties are innocent? #dumb
Hillary, Mueller and the rest of the gang will do anything and I mean anything. They will stoop to any level.
You sound like a child every time you whine FAKE NEWS. Grow up. You're in your 70s for cryin' out loud.
Great job Mr President countries working together works a lot better than doing it alone. Liberals r morons China, Russia n the US are a. very strong force. God bless sir u make us proud
GOD BLESS @realDonaldTump
Why would you need to pardon if there's no crime? #trumputin #Trumprussia #Collusion
Do you honestly believe if you pardon everyone it will all go away? You are naive.
Don't need a pardon if you aren't guilty of anything. Oh, that's right you're guilty of treason. Never mind.
Build that wall.drain the swamp and make America Great again.
Keep standing up to the Libtards President Trump! let them Continue the Tantrum they will see their outcome in the future #Dumbocrats
If you committed treason, you can pardon all you want; in front of the firing squad, the end of a rope, or while getting a lethal injection.
This is a terribly constructed sentence, which can happen often when the writer has terribly constructed thoughts.
your a crook
Read the following then go sulk in a corner... #ImpeachTrump
Article II Section 2- "except in Cases of Impeachment."
Only crimes that we know of until today. Corrupting these Boy Scouts with his lies propaganda is a crime.Was never a scout and knows nothing
'All' agree? All who? Your family? That's fake news right there...
Well if it's fake news why are you acting like it's valid? #gurl #confusedrightaboutnow
Ew no thanks
Made my skin crawl.. The new Trump youth..   Just like Hitler's Youth.  I hope that man get's impeached.
And put behind bars
you "could" pardon your family & pose of criminals, but not yourself. And you can be indicted.......what size jump suit do you wear? 58?
pardons are ONLY for the guilty
While no one agrees Trump has complete power to pardon, Everyone agrees the Trump has many reasons to need to pardon his family & team. @CNN
The more you try to repeal Obamacare and take Healthcare away from people the more your lies are going to be exposed STOP SERIOUSLY
You can't pardon Yourself for Treason, Trump!  You Aren't Above the Law!  Your Mafia way is Sly but #trumpISNOTsmart
@rosie
Why are you not prosecuting these scoundrels?
Good man
Fake news? If you had a brain I'd say you worked for CIA & are inserting the new "conspiracy theory" derogatory term to discredit truth.
TRAITOR
Dear POTUS.. Please don't pardon any of these clowns in the deep state.. if they're guilty prosecute them to the fullest.  They're traitors
It's okay when the Russians leak to sway the election, but wrong when the truth about you is leaked. Hypocrite, narcissist, child.
What?   You knucklehead.  You're the one who brought it up and keeps bringing it up over and over and over and over ...
Did I catch a niner in there?
If you, your family or your admin did nothing wrong then why inquire about pardons? Why, because you're all guilty! #TrumpRussiaCollusion
What's your IQ #DonnieTCrimeBossinChief?Seems like you can't figure out that confirming a leak means it's not #fakenews.
Omg. What a buffoon. What are these words you put together? Are you manic?
What does fake news even mean?  News that doesn't support your agenda?  News is SUPPOSED to report the good, bad, & ugly.
The depth and degree of my mental illness will never be known.  Of course I'll pardon myself.  If I could give myself sainthood, I would.
Jr. had willingness to collude. Spin it anyway you want, but that is a fact. Nothing fake about that. #crookedDonald
A little worried are you Donald?
Go ahead and believe you can pardon yourself #FakeNews jokes on u #PutinsPuppet
"Complete power to pardon?" You'd just better hope they don't get you & your family on any state laws.
I'm just gonna leave this here
Please replace Sessions with Rudy Giuliani as your AG. You are not well served by Sessions. Giuliani will fire Mueller.
even your hair is fake!
Why so nervous ?
Now leaks are a crime? A few months ago you were asking another foreign power to leak information on your opponent. Someone take his phone.
All do not agree. Pay attention you foolish, foolish traitor!
#traitor
The only way you can get a pardon is if you resign and Pence pardons you. Accepting the pardon is admission of guilt. 1/2
We agree.. The word Pardon has no place nor is it applicable regarding anything attached to This Presidency.
Pack your bags. Now you'll be able to golf EVERY day! Traitor!
Uh....you don't. Your lawyers are morons. Ask a Constitutional law expert. President Obama will be glad to answer...once he stops laughing.
you would think that when you committed treason that it wouldve made an impression on your memory--
Pardon. Might check w some real lawyers. Not those you're listening to or employ. But you can always sue those hacks for legal malpractice.
What are you talking about? You make no sense. Stop playing golf and do your job
The only "fake" news comes from Faux News & Breitbart, Republican & racist-owned. That's why you prefer them.
Donald, if you resign now, Pence could pardon you
If you wait until Mueller proves collusion, Pence may no longer be legit VP
Time to STOP the LEAKS! 
Time to CLEAN HOUSE! 
Time to PROSECUTE the MEDIA!  
#FakeNews #DrainTheSwamp
 #LockThemUp NO PARDONS!!!
No one agrees on that bc it isn't true. Don't worry though, you'll be indicted beforehand anyway. #TrumpCrimeFamily
Then testify under oath and be done with it. Also be sure to sign the bill calling for new sanctions against your (loan) homeland. #IMPEACH
Just remember while you stall during all this, the 25th amendment still exists.
"so far"
No, Everyone doesn't agree Prez has blanket Pardon power & what do you expect to leak from a Failing Administration - secret successes?
We do NOT ALL AGREE
Wait, did we vote on that cuz I don't remember voting for that. So let me do that now. I don't agree.
Make up your mind why would a "witch hunt" or fake news and accusations"  lead to pardons? You didn nothing wrong remember?
The 69,000 people that liked this post are really what scares me.  #fakepresident
https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/no-trump-cant-pardon-himself-the-constitution-tells-us-so/2017/07/21/f3445d74-6e49-11e7-b9e2-2056e768a7e5_story.html?tid=sm_fb&utm_term=.58666d3217bd … Looks like "all don't agree," skippy.
Pardon who and for what crimes? When all he sees is Fake.
No one thinks the U.S. President has complete pardon power. Just you. Sad! Delete your account
.@realDonaldTrump  Power? Do you have the power to sign the bill to impose sanctions on Russia for meddling in our elections?
You are cray cray. Venn Diagram of people who buy this crap and those who buy pet rocks = a perfect circle 
Thinking you're King or more like a dictator? Bully in the school yard or snake in the grass?  You can be your own attorney, but Judge...NO!
